SSS

VOL LXXIIL —NO.

 

     

RUSSIAN STRIKE CALLED OFF.
WORKMEN'S COUNCIL ANNOUNCES
THAT IT WALL UND TO-DAY.
Political Wikiueen a the Mev ement Caused

Its Fallure The Tramway Men Quit

Work Sunday and Rioting Followed |
- To Protect the Shipping at Higa. |

St, Prerersruna, Noy, 19. The Work-

men's Council announces that the strike |
This is doubt-

|
Spectal Cable Despatches to Tk SUN |
|
\

will end at noon to-morrow.
Jess due to the dissensions and dissatisfac-
tion already explained in Tht SUN's de-
spatches, the lack of support in the proy-
the St. Peters- |

inces and the declaration of
burg railway of their
resume work.

The advocates of the strike contend that
they have achieved great political success,
but it was the very fact of their insisting
upon the political side of the movement
that insured failure. If the leaders had
based the strike on the questions of hours

intention

men to |

and wages the workers would have been
far more solid in their support.

Conditions to-day were almost orderly,
but the sudden by
the tramway men, who had hitherto held
aloof from the strike, led to trouble.
sacks were dispersing some men who were
tampering with the tracks when a party of
strikers attacked them, killing one of the
Cossacks and wounding A fight
followed and a workman mortally
wounded. A few were slightly injured,

The workmen at declared
against further strikes.

cessation trom work

Cos- |

others,
was
Riga have
They have asked

the consuls to announce that vessels ar-
riving there henceforth will be protected |
by the workmen themselves, and will be |

without hin-

able to load and discharge
drance.

The

political situation is somewhat
brighter. Several prominent
rallying to Count Witte’s They
promise discriminating support of the
Cabinet in making effective the reforms
The
Premier has also received other assurances
of confidence, causing, at least temporarily,
a more hopeful feeling.

Moscow, Nov. 19.—A congress of Zemst-
voists, municipal officials,
and clergy met to-day at the fesidence
of Prince Dolgoruky and formulated a
programme of non-contentious reforms,
which will be submitted to Count Witte,
with a promise of full support in carrying
out the reforms, even to some of the re-
formers joining the Cabinet for this purpose.
if they are invited.

MORE-@LAUGHTER IN KISHINEFF.

Lonpon, Nov. 20.—A despatch to the
Chronicle from Bucharest says that a mob |
devastated a number of Jewish shops in
Kishineff Sunday, robbing and burning.
The houses on one street were entirely de-
troyed.

The Jews and students combined to fight
the criminals. A large number on both
sides were killed and wounded.

The despatch adds that great numbers of
Jews in Bessarabia are dying from starva-
tion.

JEW FUND NOW A HALF MILLION.

liberals are

side.

promised in the Czar's manifesto.

professors

 

National Relief Committee Expects Soon |
to Double That Amount.

Subscriptions to the fund for ttcateny’ |

 

the Jews in Russia reported to the nuerjzn..! -

relief committee up to yesterday were
$408,651.17. The amount subscribed in
the twenty-four hours up to noon yester- |
day amounted to $54,807.93. The committe@
expects that the million dollar mark will
be reached in a very short time.

The largest contribution yesterday was .
from Philadelphia, which sent $20,000,
in addition to an equal amount already
reported. Among the other cities subscrib- |
ing are Louisville, an additional $2,000;
St. Louis, additional, $7,000; Milwaukee,
$3,000; New Orleans, additional, $2,000,
George Foster Peabody gave $500, Julius
Harburger, $100; Cloak and Suit Trade,
$1,434; Max Mendel, $100; Bernard Ulman,
$200; George Borgfeldt, $250; Cripple Creek,
$300; Victor Morawetz, $500,

It is expected that the amounts to be
reported to-day will exceed previous re-
cords, because in the synagogues al! over
the Sounty on Saturday help was called for.
There will be a meeting of the general |

committee this afternoon at 1 o'clock at |
! was shivering from cold, sore all over and

the Temple Emanu-El, in Fifth avenue.

 

TAFT AT GRANT HOMESTEAD,

Secretary of War Refuses to Discuss Sea

 

Level Canal Report. \

Sr. Louis, Nov. 19.—Secretary Taft spent
this morning at the old Grant homestead

near Sappington, St. Louis county, now the ,

rhy |
In the party | Bride of May Goes Insane

eummer home of A. A. Busch

were Secretary Taft, Charles Nagel,

Adolphus Busch, Edwards Whitakerand A, !
A. Busch. They left Mr. Nagel's residence |

haven | on Ward's Island yesterday a young woman

about 10 o'clock in two automobiles.
The Secretary of War spent two
visiting historic spots on the farm and dis-
layed unusual interest in all of them.
n reply to an inquiry regarding the re-
port of the board of consulting engineers
in favor of a sea level canal at
Secretary Taft said
“I cannot discuss that question, as I have
no official knowledge that the board of
consulting engineers has reached such a
conclusion. I could not discuss the ques-
tion even if I had knowledge of the board's
action. The report will be submitted to
the President. i is possible that I will be
called in for advice, and it would be im-
proper_for me to talk of anything/ with
which I may have to dea! officially.” /
Shortly before midnight Secretary Taft
boarded the train for Kansas City, where
the Secretary will deliver an addtese to-
morrow evening.

PREPARE TO HANG MRS, ROGERS,

Sheriff Notifies Deputies to Be Ready for |

the Work on December 8.
RUTLAND, Vt., Nov. 19.—Preparations
for the hanging of Mrs, Mary Rogers are
going on just as they did twice before, and
Sheriff H. H. Peck of White River Junction,

who will be in charge of the execution, has |
deputies who have been se- |

notified his
lected to aid to be ready on December 8

to carry out the sentence unless the order |

1s officially countermanded, which accord-
ing to Goy. Bell's previous assertions will
not be done unless the United
Supreme Court takes favorableaction upon
the writ of habeas corpus within the next
ten days.
cameo .
The West Shore Ratlroad ts the $8.00 line to Buftalo

end Niagara Falls. Up the H
the Mohawk Vailey.~Ade, + emer Sas Useeee

 

{00 aiinmeeemammenenaneneniee ese

Ce ek oe
" ,

; Japanese

| direet

| land's second Administration.
| are now in the hands of Yun Chung Kim,

) out of the ambulance,

Panama |

States |

 
   

 

Kiotiig Followed Qrder MAliing Cabinet
OMeer Who Wouldu't Sign ‘The Terns,
Speclal Cable Despatches to THR Sux

Stout, Nov. 19 There was spasinodia
rioting here yesterday after it became
known that Corea had submitted to Japan's
demands, but the trouble has now subsided

/ and everything is quiet.

The disturbances were caused direetly by
the action of the Emperor, who sentenced

| to exile one of the members of the Cabinet

Who refused to sign the treaty with Japan

even after his Majesty had ordered him |

to do so. Subsequently Marquis Ito, the
plenipotentiary, requested the
Kmperor to forgive the Minister, and his
Majesty accordingly pardoned hit.

It is expected that Marquis Ito will re-

| main here some time longer,

Tokio, Nov. 19. It is unofficially stated
that the draft of the protocol arranged yes-
terday at Seoul between the Corean and
Japanese representatives promises to pre-
serve and honor the power of Corea and
the imperial house,

Corea agrees to employ Japanese to
her Government offices, which is
translated to mean that the Japanese will
governthe Corean Government. The actual

| power of Corea’s diplomatists will be given

to Japan, but when the latter perceives
that Corea is strong enough and far enough

| advanced to preserve her own independence
| her diplomatic power will be returned to

her.

It is further agreed that the chiefs of the
customs at the trade ports shall be Japa-
nese, Corea is to make no treaties or other
agreements with other nations withont
Japan's authority.

THE PROTECTORATE OVER COREA,
One Effect Will Be the Abolishment of the
Corean Legation in Washington.

WASHINGTON, Noy. 19. One of the speed-
iest effects of the establishment of a full-
fledged and recognized Jap@ese  pro-
tectorate over Corea will be the abolish-
ment of the Corean Legation in Washing-
ton. ‘That this action will be taken is re-

| garded as certain, judging by the advices

on the subject which have reached here.
Corea has becomne a nonentity as asovereign
state among the countries of the world,
and it would be a farce to keep up diplo-
matic relations between Corea and the
other nations. ‘The diplomatic and foreign
part of the administration of Corea will be
hereafter conducted from Tokio, and the
foreign representatives of the Japanese
Government will look after all affairs per-
taining to Corea.

During her independency Corea made
treaties of amity and commerce with a
number of nations.
these conventions will probably be settled
between Japan and the countries with which
Corea negotiated the treaties. It is not
likely that any Government will lose any
of its privileges.

The Corean Legation in Washington
was established early in President Cleve-

who since last June has been Chargé
d'Affaires. The remainder of the staff
consists of Teh Moo Sin, second sec tary;

| Charles W, Needham, counsellor, and Choo

Moo Hong, attaché.

FIFTY FOOT DIVE TO RESCUE.
Big Policeman Matt McGrath Goes Off
Lenox Ave. Bridge and Gets Hartigan.

Big Matt McGrath, champion cop ham-
mer thrower and the best all round athlete
on the police foree, was at the Manhattan
end of the new Lenox avenue bridge at
145th street at 11:15 o'clock last night,
when three rnen rushed up to him.

“There's a man overboard,” they shouted,
“We can see his head bobbin’ up and down
and he’s about tuckered out.”

McGrath sprinted up to the middle .of
the bridge and looked over the railing.
Vifty feet below he could see a man strug-
giing in the water.

It would take ten minutes to get to the
dock at the bridge end. McGrath peeled
off his coat, threw his helmet down, scram-
hied on to the railing and dived with all his
science, He struck the water fair, hands
first. When he came up,a little dazed, he
saw the man struggling feebly
twenty feet from him. ‘The policeman had
enough strength left to get to the man
and get him ashore. Both were fagged
and apne up. MeGrath laid his salvage
ona plank and began to do first aid to the
injured. Pretty soon the man opened an
eye and found a weak voice,

“Well,” said he, “who in hell are you?
Still, 1 don't care if you're the Queen of
England, you've saved my bacon.”

“Oh,” said McGrath, “that’s part of the
game. Now just get rid of the water, please,
and hush up.”

Dr, Berlinger, from Harlem Hospital
found them in a bad way when he hoppec
John Hartigan of
72 West 128th street, the rescued man, was
uneonscious from exhaustion. McGrath

 

 

wretty sick, The doctor bundled them

fait into the ambulance. It was said at
the hospital an hour or so afterward that
both were doing nicely and that McGrath
would be out on patrol from the West 152d
street station again by to-day if nothing
worse than a had cold developed,

FOUND DAUGHTER IN’ ASYLUM,

 

 

and
send Word to Her Family.
At the Manhattan State Insane Hospital

who went insane on the day of her marriage
a month ago saw her father for the first
time since she left home, two years ago.

The young woman was Della Mohimont,
who has been a patient in the hospital
fortwo weeks, having been sent there Hon
Bellevue.

‘two years ago when she was living with
her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hender-
son, at 1227 Broadway, Brooklyn, she quar-
rellad with them and left home.

She got work in a Sixth avenue depart-
ment store and went to live at 320 Livingston
street, Brooklyn. Early in October she

met through a personal in a Sunday news- |

paper Altred Mohimont, and after a few
days acquaintance she accepted his ofter
of marriage.

church on October 20 and went to live at
808 West Nineteenth street, where Mohi-

The couple were married in a Brooklyn |

, mont, who was clerk in a downtown whole-

sale house, had made his home.

That night siie@ went insane. She
screamed and cried that her husband was
trying to kill her. While Mohimont was
out searching for a doctor his bride tried
tothrow herself froma third story window,

Mohimont took his wife to Spoon velt
Hospital in a carriage, but when ‘her condi-
tion was found to be so serious she was
sent to the Bellevue psychopathic ward.

The physicians urged her to tell where
her father lived in order that he might
be notified. but she persistently refused
to do so. Her husband called to see her
frequently, and was heartbroken when
the alienists decided that she was hope-

| leasly insane, and committed her to the

Ward's Island asylum.

The physicians there persuaded her to
give them her father's address on Saturday,
and he was notified to call,

NE

| JAPAN TREATY ANGERS COREANS,

The future status of |

Its affairs |

about |

Doctors |

 

W YORK,
HAS THE VOTES, SAYS PLATT,

ENOUGH PLEDGED TO) PUT OL-
COTT IN HALPIN'S PLACE.

Curlosity Now to Know Whom Odell Has
Up His Sieeve as His Own Substitute
for Haipin and Whether Halpin Will
Turn His Own District Over to Olcott.

Senator Platt, who was at the Hotel
Gotham yesterday, did not seem to be a bit
| bothered by the movement which Tax
Commissioner Strasbourger has got up for
a reorganization of the county committee
by home talent, instead of “non-residents.”
Senator Platt only smiled when the subject
Was .ientioned to him yesterday.

“That's just like Strasbourger,” was all
he said.

As to J. Van Vechten Olcott's chances
for election as president to succeed Halpin,
| the Senator said:

“The leaders are rallying to Mr. Olcott,
and he has enough votes pledged to him
now to elect him.”

Odell Republicans were more than in-
terested in the despatches from Washington
announcing that Representative William
S. Bennet, after a talk with President
Roosevelt, had come out for Olcott. Mr.

Bennet has always been a friend of Abra-

ham Gruber, leader of the Twenty-first

district. It was suggested last night that

Mr. Bennet would not have taken his stand

for Mr. Olcott at this time had he not known
| it would be agreeable to all Republicans
: insist upon a reorganization of the
|

 

 

county committee.
Mr. Bennet, moreover, was active in Re-
publican State politics in recent years
with Mr. Odell and ex-Gov. Frank 8. Black,
and Mr, Black is known to favor the eleo-
tion of Mr. Oleott as president of the county
conumittee,
A bit of humor in the situation was the
effort of Odell men to make Willian Halpin
| and all hands now believe that Odell, acting

on the suggestion of Edward Lauterbach,
j hadn't flung over Halpin and was to insist
on Halpin's reelection.

“That quick flinging over of Halpin was a
blunder on Odell’s past.” said one of the
Wise men at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, “and
he is now at work to repair the damage.

| Odell and Lauterdach are against Halpin |

and will retire him at the proper time by

bringing forward their simon-pure can-

didate against Olcott. Odell is fooling

Halpin now by pretending to be for him.
| He's afraid Halpin will do a little flinging
| over himself and jump his Ninth district
over into the Olcott column.”

Republicans who say the Odell-Hearst
deal on Assemblymen and Aldermen was
one of the usual Odell blunders, if nothing
| worse, declared yesterday that the allega-
| tion that it had split Tammany was the
| usual Odell buncombe, and that the best
way to disprove Odeli's assertion was to
contrast the vote of McClellan in this county
with Ivins’s vote. Sohereis Mr. McClellan's
vote in the territory mentioned—140,978—
{and here is Mr. Ivins'’s—64,354; so thot
| McClellan beat Ivins in the Tammany
| bailiwick 76,624 votes, ,

“That's a healthy splitting of TWwmmany,
| isn't it?” remarked a New York city
Republican Congressman last night.

STEEL SARCOPHAGUS BURIED,
Eighty Thousand Pounds of Metal Encasing

Workmen's Ashes Lowered Into Grave.

PHILADELPHIA, Noy. 19.—Two humble
Polish workmen who were burned to ashes
Jast week in molten metal at the Midvale
Steel Works to-day received the strangest
burial on record. Their sarcophagus is
80,000 pounds of chilled steel, which in a
molten state caused their death,

The men were John Forkin and Joseph
Gaseda, They were making the receptacle
ready for the molten steel when the plug
that held back the liquid burat and they
were engulfed beneath the molten torrent,
For several days the huge steel bulk was
permitted to remain untouched in the
egg shaped pit which serves as a mould,
Other workmen refused to touch it. Al-
though noihing remained of their former
fellows, they felt that in each ounce of
{ the rough, hard steel was some element of
| the dead men,
| When the officials of the Midvale com-
|} pany saw the feeling among the men they
; decided that it would be futile to attempt
| to urge the men to work the steel. Conse-
| «uently it was decided to bury the steel

mass, as it was impossible to find a vestige
| of the bodies of the dead men.

The excavation was made hack of the
| mill where the accident occurred and the
t
|
!

mass of metal was handled on a car and then
lowered into a cement lined grave with a
giant crane,
The services were held at noon, Charles
J. Harrah, president of the Midvale Stee)
Works, came over from New York to attend
the ceremony, and a number of the other
ofticials were present.
A few minutes before the time set for
the ceremony the Rey. William A. Mo-
Laughlin, who conducted the services,
drove into the mill yard, accompanied by
the Rey. John J. Toomey of Holy Cross
Church, Mount Airy, who assisted him.
Just « their carriage drove through the
| gate he flag on the pole in the centre of
the yard was lowered to half mast.
| On the stroke of the hour every hammer
| in the works was stopped, and the big yard,
| which has scarcely ever known silence
! night or day during its exfstence, waa for
/ once quiet. : f

During the services the two women relatives
resent and many of the men sobbed aloud,
lt was an impressive spectacle. At the
conclusion of the sefvice a guard was placed
at the grave, which will be sealed with
cement The company will erect a monu-
ment on the spot.

 

DECLARES DOWTE ITS BETTER,
Apostie’s Personal Attendant Writes of
Old Time Fire and Vigor.
Cuicaao, Nov. 19,—At
meeting at Shiloh Tabernacle, Zion City, a

letter was read from the Firat Apostle's |

personal attendant regarding the leader's
condition. He wrote:
| “No matter what the papers say, no
| matter what people say, our leader is im-
| proving. He seems to be filled with old
time strength and his eyes shine with their
old power. His bronchitis has disappeared,
his voice has returned, and in every way he
| has improved wonderfully.”
| Overseer Speicher reported that the
| Apostle still complains of coldness in his
feft side, which was affected by paralysis.
He and his party are now at Havana, on
| their way home via New York, where he
| expects to land on Saturday, and reach
| Zion City November 28. Not until A tle
| Dowie returns and shows himself will his
followers feel assured as to his health,

 

LS HOURS TO CHICAGO,
PENNSYLVANIA SPECIAL
Leaves New York at 8:55 P. M.. arrives Chicago at
8:55 A. M., leaves Chicugy 2:4 P. M., arrives New
York 0:46 A. M,, via Fenosyivania Kallroad, New
equipment, Spectal features, k-ballast, dust-

roadbed.—Adv. .

\

v

 

this afternoon's |

Notable Gathering of Dignitaries at Mt.
|

A

DTN ene een en ED ahaa alee

ue

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1905.—convrioss, 1905. bv the Sun Printing and Publishing Association

 

| PRISONERS IN JAPAN MUTINY.
Outbreak of Russians at Nagasaki—All
Offierrs at Viadivostok Murdered.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Tokio, Nov. 19.—Five thousand Russian
prisoners at Nagasaki mutinied to-day,
The officers of the transports which are to
convey the Russians home were compelled
to seek the protection of the Japanese
authorities. The situation is still threaten-
ing.

The movement was in sympathy with
the revolt at Vladivostok, news of which
quickly reached the Russians in Japan.
Steamers from Vladivostok report that
all the officers of the garrison there were
murdered by: the mutineers. The war-
ships Rossia and Gromobvi, which, it was
expected, would assist in quelling the
mutiny, did not do so, but on the, contrary
fled to sea.

Many of the Russian prisoners in Japan
do not wish to return to Russia. They
have petitioned the authorities for per-
mission to emigrate to the United States.

 

 

SLIM HOPE OF SULTAN VIELDING,

He's Apparently Relying on the Kaiser to
Heip Him Out of His Ditemma,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Son.

CONSTANTINOPLE, Noy. 19.—The hope in
diplomatic quarters here that the Sultan
would yield to the demand of the Powers
regarding the financial control of Macedonia
| is rapidly vanishing. It is now believed
| he is almost certain to refuse.

It is stated that the Sultan is relying
| upon Emperor Willigin to intervene in his
behalf with the Powers, and has been in
direct communicate with him on the sub-
ject. He is now awaiting the Kaiser 's
final reply.

It is also stated that the attitude of Baron
Marschall von Bieberstein, the German
Amnassador, toward the Porte does not
aecord with the assurance that Germany
| is cooperating with the other Powers.
| Meanwhile the warships that the Powers
| will use in their demonstration against
Turkey are on their way to the Pira@us,
the port of Athens, where they have
been ordered to rendezvous. A_ report
that vessels of the Russian Black Sea fleet
left Sebastopol Saturday is assumad to
| show that they will be connected with the

demonstration.

THINK EXPLORERS WERE EATEN.

 

 

Evidences Found That S¢lentists Were the
Victims of American Cannibals.

Los ANGELES, Nov. 19.—In a letter re-
ceived to-day by George W. Knox, the fate
of Henry Miller and Gus Olinder, who left
here on an expedition to Tiburon Island,
in the Guif of California, nearly a year ago,
and who have never been heard from, is
disclosed. On tbe shores of the gulf, near
a deserted Indian village, a sheep herder
found the trappings of Miller and Olinder,
a book on nautical science which belonged
to Capt. Olinder and a pair of dried human
hands, which may have been those of one
of the unfortunate men.

A few feet away were found the charred
remains of a huge feast fire and circles
made by an Indian war dance, It is believed
the men were slain by hostile Indians who
inhabit this portion of Lower California,
and that their bodies were cooked and eaten.
The Indians who dwell on Tiburon Istand
are also cannibals and the death of many
explorers is blamed on them.

DOG'S BRAIN SHOWS HEWAS MAD.

His Six Victims Hastening to Take Pasteur
Treatment.

BautTIMoRF, Md., Noy. 19.- After a
thorough examination of the brain of a
dog Ahat had bitten six persons in New-
port News, Va., Dr. N. G. Keirle, director
of the Pasteur Institute, announced t}at
the dog had unquestionably had hydro-
phobia. This information was wired to

| the victims in Newport News and it was
| learned that of the five men bitten

three
were getting ready to goto Richmond for

treatinent and two were coming to the
|

Pasteur Institute in this city.

The sixth victim is Charles Adams, an
orphan, who has not the money to go to an
institute for treatment. When this was
brought to the attention of Dr. Keirle to
night he announced that his department-
would gladly take the boy free of charge,
donating the treatment, which usually
costs}$150, if sorne onefwould defray the boy's
expenses to Baltimore and his board while
under treatment.

A GLACIER IN’ WYOMING,

Two Men Teli of Discovering Wonderful
Mass of Ice in Wind River Mountains.
PINEDALE, Wyo., Nov.19.—William Wells,

a veteran guide, and T. T. Pixley report

the discovery of a great glacier in the heart

of the Wind River Mountains on the north
side of Frémont’s Peak. The glacier is
located in an almost inaccessible country
and W ells and Pixley reached it after two
days of hard travel on foot, having left
their horses and camp outfit at a point
| where it became impossible for the animals
' to climb further.
| The Government survey records say noth-
| ing of the existence of this glacier, and
| Wells and Pixley were probably the first
white men to set eyes on the enormous
mass of ice,

OPERA SINGER OUT OF HOSPITAL,

|
| Greder, However, Will Not Appear at the
|
'
|
}
|

 

 

 

Metropolitan This Week.

Emil Greder, who attempted to commit
suicide a few days ago, has returned to
his apartment from the hospital. He re-
pony yesterday at the Metropolitan Opera

ouse, but requested wir. Conried to allow
him further time to ascertain whether or not

his voice has been affected by the gas. He
will therefore not appear this week, His
place in “Rigoletto” will be taken by

lony Franck, while M. Dufriche will sup-
| plant him in “Tannhiéuser,”

There is every indication that the usual
large audience will be present at the Metro-
politan Opera House to-night. Seats are
selling as high ak 840. To-day they will
probably be even more costly.

SENDS ITS BLESSING,

 

 

POPE

 

St. Mary's Church Centennial,

Mount St. Mary's, Md., Nov, 19.—There
wasan imposing gathering of Catholic digni-
taries here ta Gay to participate in the cen-
tennial celebration of Mount St. Mary's
Church. The principal feature was a
special message of congratulation from the
Pope, cabled trom Rome, and brought to the
church by Cardinal Gibbons, who officiated
at the pontifical mass, and concluded by be-
stowing the Papal blessing. The cablegram
was read by Cardinal Gibbons as follows

“Our Holy Father, uniting with the faith-
ful of Mount St. Mary's who are going to

‘celebrate the century of their parish, blesses
from his heart the o and le as~
sembiled to give thanks to our bra

 

{
|
The St. Hilda, From Southampton, Strikes

| Saturday night through the thick snow that
|
!

 

  
 

7

 

ONLY 11 SAVED FROM WRECK IN
ENGLISH CHANNEL.

 

on The Pontes in Raging Snowstorm
—Her Back Breaks and Death Coimes
Quickly to Her Sleeping Passengers.

Speotal Cable Despatch to THK SUN,
19.—-The steamer St.
Hilda of the London and Southwestern
Railway Company, which sailed from
Southampton Friday evening for St. Malo,
France, was totally wrecked this morning
on The Pontes, off the Jardin lighthouse.

Ninety-four persons were drowned, Five
passengers and one seaman were saved from
the wreck, and five, it is reported, were
landed in a lifeboat. ;

The steamer Ada, belonging to the same
line, on leaving St. Malo for Southampton
this morning of, the St.
Hilda projecting above the sea, The six
survivors were clinging to the rigging,
and the Ada sent a boat to rescue them.

The survivors say that after the St, Hilda
left Southampton a heavy fog set in, making

Lonpon, Novy.

saw the mast

 

Saturday morning she
the

pelled to anchor.
‘resumed her trip, but in
|
|

the weather had become very rough, a gale, |

aocompanied by snowstorms, blowing.
The Jardin light was sighted at 10 o'clock

was then falling. The passengers and part
of the crew were asleep and did not know
what happened, Apparently the St. Hilda
after making the light lay to, for she did
not strike until early this morning. The
rock which tore the bottom out of her is
within a hundred yards of the lighthouse.
Presumably the pilot, who accompanied
the steamer from Southampton, mistook
the distance owing to the snow,

The shock broke the St. Hilda amid-
ships. A majority of those aboard of

her were asleep and they were washed out ,
the hull parted, ;

of her helplessly when
The time between her striking and sink-
ing was s@ short that there was not time
to lower all her lifeboats,

Two, however, got away from her.
of these has since been foun empty, and
the other is reported to have landed five
persons at St, Servan. It is understood
there were 105 persons on board, about

One

twenty of whom were saloon passengers. |
| wind blew with hurricane foree, raising

| seas that often leaped over the rails.

|

|

|

\

|

|

|

‘
It is believed that most of them -were French.
Sixty of the passengers were Breton peas-
ants, who were on their way home with the
proceeds of the sale in England of their
onion harvest, on which their families de-
pend for their living through the winter,
The five passengers who were taken from
the rigging were onion men, The other sur-

| vivor belonged to the steamer. It is thus
apparent that ninety-four were drowned,
although a French report states that 123

perished.

|

|

|

|

'

|

|

|

!

\

|

 

TRACKWALKER FOUND SLAIN,

Charge That Killed Him Was Evidently

Fired From Shotgun.
TRENTON, N. J., Nov. 19. -The body of
Raphael Magliocio, employed in place of a
regular trackwalker on the Pennsylvania
Railroad, was found to-day near Pennsyl-
vania Manor by James Vaes, an employee
of the company. He was shot through
the abdomen, the charge consisting of small
shot, slugs of brass and metal buttons
hammered solid.
The charge was apparently fired from a
shotgun about fifteen feet from the man
TOKIO CHEERS THE LMPEROR.

Hie Showe Himeaelf to the People
Visiting His Ancestors’ Shrine.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Tokio, Nov. 19.—The Mikado returned
this afternoon from Ise, whither he went
some days ago to inform the spirits of his
ancestors of the Japanese victory in the
| war with Russia. He was welcomed by
vast crowds.

The imperial procession from the Shim-
bashi station to the palace was charac-
terized by a marked innovation, His
Majesty, wearing the uniform of Generalis-
simo of the Japanese forces, rode in an
open coach, thus for the first time showing
himself to the people in the streets.

The fervid banzais uttered by the crowda,
while distinctly reverential in tone, swelled
into a mighty roar as the Emperor passed
along, and followed him until he had passed
within the palace gates.

 

ALFONSO IN PARIS AGAIN,

 

Visit This Time Unoffielal— Another Guess
as to Whom He'll Marry.
Spectal Cable Despatches to THE SUN,
Paris, Nov. 19.—The visit to Paris of
King Alfonso, who has arrived here on his
return from Berlin, Vienna and Munich,
is unofficial.

sequently drove to the Palace of the Elysée
in a motor car to see President Loubet,
who immediately after the King's departure
returned his visit at the Hotel
The King will shoot with M. Loubet
Rambouillet to-morrow.

Mapnrip, Nov. 19.—The newspapers are
| again predicting King Alfonso's marriage.
{The lateat report appears in the Corre-
| apondencia d? Kapani, which says the King
will marry Princess Ena of Battenberg in
May, 1006.

at

EE —

 

| WITTE'’S PROPOSAL PLEASES POPE

 

Gratified at the Establishment of a Nunela
ture—M@r. Symmons May Get Place.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
| St. PrerersaurG, Noy. 19.—The Pope is
very much gratified by Count Witte's pro-
| posal for the establishment of a nunciature

| in St. Petersburg.

It is reported that Mgr. Symmons, who
was exiled from Russia recently and who
went to America, will be appointed Nuncio,

Strike of Cabmen Not Likely.

A special meeting of the Livery Stable
| Keepers’ Association will be held to-day
| to consider the demand of the Liberty
' Dawn Association of Coach Drivers for
| an increase in wages of 50 cents a day.

Both sides now look for a settlernent of the
trouble without a strike.

94 G0 DOWN WITH STEAMER, |

 

meantime |

; ious all night.

After |

Bristol. |

ee Rn ee oe. Me ate, ate
| — 7
/
/
rs ‘, Monpay, NOVEMBER 20, 10905,

Fair to-day and to-morrow;
fresh north winds.

 

   

 

 

 

39 DEAD IN GLASGOW FIRE,

Model Lodging House Barned—Twenty
eight Seriously Injured.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

GuLasacow, Noy. 19.—A model lodging
house was burned here to-day, Thirty-nine
persons perished in the flames. Twenty-
eight were removed to the hospital in a
serious condition,

 

OUR CRUISER ON URGENT TRIP.

The Baltimore Leaves Shanghaifor Chefoo
in a Hurry.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, Nov. 20.—The Stanghai corre-
spondent of the Telegraph says that the
United States cruiser Baltimore sailed
suddenly for Chefoo Sunday under urgent
orders.

ACCIDENTAL SHOT KILLS GIRL,
Man Had Taken Gun From Its Place to
Frighten Wife After Quarre!}.
WINSTED, Conn., Nov. 19.-Timothy Jack-

son, Colored, last night shot and instantly
killed Sylvia Penfield, 18 years old, of Shef-

 

| tield, Mass., in his home, and then gave
himself up, declaring the shooting was an |

accident.
His wife and others corroborate his state-
ment, and the fact that immediately after

| the shooting he ran half a mile for a doctor
navigation dangerous, and she was com- |

is in his favor.

The victim arrived at
last night. Cider was freely drunk by the
seven or eight persons present. Jackson
and his wife finally had a quarrel, and
Jackson took down his loaded shotgun to
frighten his wife, he says. It went off and
killed the Penfield girl.

FOOTBALL

 

 

MAY DIE OF HURT.

Piayer Not Expected to Live After Dociors
Perform Operation.

LINCOLN, Neb., Noy. 18.—Homer Gibson,
who played on Saturday on the Kansas
City Manual Training School football team
against Lincoln High School, may die of
injuries received, Gibson and a Lincoln
man collided and Gibson was carried from
the field unconscious and remained delir-
To-day doctors operated
upon him and the chances are against his
recoyery.

LIGHTNING PELTED ABOUT HER

And Air Full of Hurricane Around the Good
Ship Grecian Prince.

The Prince Line steamship Grecian Prince,
in yesterday from Santos, came pretty near
having her cargo of coffee roasted when
she was about 850 miles south of Sandy
Hook on Thursday. The horizon on every
hand bristled with lightning and electri-
cal lances shot all around the ship. . The

For
several hours the ship was floundering in
snowy turbulence under the limelight from
the clouds that made her look like a spectre.
Nothing happened to hurt anybody although
all hands were on the lookout for a disaster.
It was just a vivfd voyage, much out of the
usual run from South America.

JEALOUS WIFE SHOOTS RIVAL.

Finds Husband and Preity Widow Together
and Uses a Pistol.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Nov. 19.—Hearing
from a neighbor that her husband was
attentive to Mrs. Alice Lowman, a pretty
young widow, Mrs. Edward Smith of An-
derson started out late last night to find
the pair.

Smith and Mrs. Lowman had just re-
turned from a drive and were seated in a
buggy in front of Mrs, Lowman'’s home
when Mrs. Smith opened fire on them.

 

| Mrs. Smith shot Mrs. Lowman three times,

then turned the pistol on her husband,
but failed to injure him.

Mrs. Smith then climbed into the buggy
with her husband and together they drove
home, where the police arrested Mrs. Smith,
SHORT.

ACCOUNTS $70,000

Rutlding and Loan Seeretary Bleappears
1,800 Stockholders Suffer,

MILWAUKER, Noy, 19.—With his accounts
$70,000 short and personal debts amount-
ing to $20,000, Frank J. Heller, secretary of
the Skarb Polski Loan and Building Society,
the largest institution of its kind in the
State, has disappeared, Bank Examiner
Thad M. Wild went over the books to-day
to get an estimate of the loss and to de-
vise some way of preventing the appoint-
ment of a receiver.

At a neeting to be held to-morrow 12
per cent. will be assessed and such other
steps will be taken as will safeguard the
interests of the 1,800 stockholders,

A petition in involuntary bankruptcy
will be filed against the absconding secre-
tary, with a view of having a trustee ap-
pointed to take charge of his property.
This property is valued at $60,000 and con-
sists of real estate.

RIOT OVER SPANISH ELECTIONS.

 

Defeated Republicans Fire on Catalanists
and Then Are Put to Rout,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun,
BARCELONA, Nov. 19.—There was a riot
here Saturday night. Two thousand Cata-
lanists were parading the streets, singing

He attended mass this morning, and sub- | and celebrating their victory in the elections,
' when revolver shots were fired at them by

. defeated Republicans from the Republican

clubhouse.

Four men were wounded. The Cata-
lanists rushed on their assailants, scatter-
ing them. Many of the Republicans were
clubbed.

HOT WHISKEY! BARRELS OF IT!

pe *
Overholt: Distillery Warehouses Destroyed
Loss Reaches #150,000,

CONNELLSVILE, Pa., Nov, 19.—A spark
from a passing locomotive to-day set fire
to bonded warehouse D at the A. Overholt
& Co, aistillery at Broadfort. Warehouse D
was entirely destroyed, The eng
warehouse was badly burned and will have
to be rebuilt, The plant was not seriously
damaged, The loss is placed at $1£0,000,

The fire departments from McKees-

 

 

port, Connellsville and Uniontown worked |

on the fire, :
The loss is fully covered by insurance,

FUGITIVE CAUGHT IN CANADA,

Florida Ratiroad Agent Pleads Not Gulity
to Stealing 87.500.

MONTREAL, Nov. 19.—James M. Strobhar,
formerly joint agent of the Atlantic Coast
Line and Florida Southern railroads at
Gainesville, Fla., is under arrest here on a
charge of stealing $7,500 from the com-
panies.

When brought before Extradition Com-

issioner Lafontaine he pleaded not guilty |

and was remanded.

 

 

| more bouquets.
; deck opened as the longshoremen fumbled

Jackson's home |

 

‘are beginning to hang just a little.
, the mouth there are wrinkles, and the

 

) malities.

| ig due to open in Chicago to-night,
expected that La Touraine would make

; as soon as possible.

 

TWO CENTS.

PRICE

 

 

BERNHARDT COMES AND GOES,

TALKS DELIGHTFULLY ON SUR-
JECTS MANY AND VARIOUS.

Passed the Customs With an Open Heart
and With a Sinking Heart Waited on Her
Train for the Baggage--Ne Longor
Young, She Is Impressive as Evor
~— Openly Adored by the French Colony

The wharf of the French line was all gee-
ticulation and bouquets yesterday after-
noon. Fourteen or fifteen Frenchmen in
frock coats and boutonnieres, as many
Frenchwomen, all animation, chattered
and exploded while La Touraine was warped
into her dock. Behind them a squad of
messenger boys carried bouquets and yet
A door on the upper

with the plank and a bundle of brown
furs stepped out into view The French
colony went off in one grand explosion. It
was Bernhardt, of course—Bernhardt the
magnificent, here for her farewell tour
Mme. Bernhardt stood forth, drawing
on a pair of white gloves. Behind here

| Stage mother was fluttering with extra

wraps. A maid carried a satchel and a
brocade handbag. Alfred Maver, Mme.
Rernhardt's personal representative, was
holding the reporters at bay, and De Max,
leading man of her company, had the proud
office of holding her poodle. Every eye
was on the slightest motion of the Divine,
every knee was crooked ready for a jump.

This is how Mme. Rernhardt looked,
here for her last American appearance —
positively the last:

An erect woman past her youth, of middie
height, with a proud carriage of the head
and quick, certain movements. Her face.
is beginning to draw into wrinkles and
lines. Two ridges running obliquely down
from the nose define her cheeks, which
About

flesh is beginning to purse into rolls under
her chin. Her great full eyes are a
clear as ever, but there are dark spots ~
at their inner coiners which make her face
look tired. She wore no makeup yester-
day except plenty of face powder. Her
complexion has Jost its brilliancy. Her
thin lips are still red. It was always the
chief faw in her beauty that her smile
revealed the gums above her upper teeth.
The gums have fallen in a little now, so
that she appears oldest when shé smiles.
Her hair shows the effect of her ten year
fight against the advance of age. It is dull
red, oddly streaked with blond, but here
and there a strand has beaten the beauty
reaper and turned gray. The hair is lustre-
ess,

Presently Mme. Bernhardt snapped the
last clasp of her glove and spoke. Every
one stood at attention.

“To What hotel do you take me, monsieur?”
she asked,

“To the Astor,” said Mr. Mayer, bowing.

“Ah, the Astor, that is a new hotel to me.*

“Yt is a new hotel.”

“And how do you know that I will be
pleased with the Astor?” said Bernhardt.
“IT will look at it and see if I shallremain.”

Seven pairs of hands moved shoulder
high and seven voices protested that the
Astor was an excellent hotel, ‘

“I will look at it and see,” said Bern-
hardt. “Let us go.”

De Max fell in respectfully at one elbow
and Mayer at the other—and they were in
the arms of the French colony. No one
but Sarah knows whether it was the Consul-
General or a painter or a pair of young
twins in red dresses that kissed her first.
They all seemed to land simultaneously,
One bearded Frenchman seized her hand
and kissed her glove repeatedly. Two
women hugged her at once.

It was over in a moment and De Max
and Mayer, steady but somewhat hysteri-
cal, started down the wharf, the French
colony shouting bravas from behind.

Bernhardt did not wait for customs fore
Her muid was left behind to
attend to that: and Madame carried the
liilie valise and the brocade bag.

Lovell H. Jerome, representing the maj-
esty of the custorns, fell in before. At the
gate a gateman barred the way.

“Sorry, ma’am, but you can't take out
that bag,” he said.

“Qu'est ce que c'est?” said Madame,
with towering scorn. When that exclama-
tion is shot at a slave in a Sardou tragedy
he withers up and gets ready for exeou-
tion. The gatekeeper, however, is a plain
Maine Yankee, and no man’s slave.

“Rules is rules, ma'am,” he said.

“But zis ees Ber-rnhardt!" shouted the
French colony.

“Shame!” cried the women,
stood frozen to stone,

“Suppose you leave the bag and have it
sent after you?” said the gateman.

“Nevaire!” cried Madame, lapsing into
English. “Where it stays, I too stay,” she
added in French.

Jerome waved her hack to a seat on a pile
of timbers. Bernhardt seated herself, De
Max arranging wraps for her comfort.
Madame was still icy. Two inspectors
knelt and opened the valise. They found
only gold mounted articles of the toilet.

“That's all right, ma'am, let it go,” said
an inspector.

“I weel not!" said Bernhardt. Then, re-
turning to French: “M. Mayer, tell them
that I will not leave until I prove that I am
not smuggling. Here"—Madame snatched
a small box and opened it—“these are but-
tons. I am trying——"

But De Max patted her on the back and
soothed her into silence, while the rest of
the French colony pushed the crowd back
crying:

“Geeve her air!”

And then fell in themselves and tried to
suffocate her with sympathy. It was over

Madame

! by and by; the last hair brush had been

tapped to see if it was hollow; Bernhardt
her guards and nine bouquets were loacev
into a coupé and started for the Astor,

Her stay there was short. The company
It was

port on Saturday, giving plenty of time
to load the scenery, the actors and the
costumes on a special train. Buta storm
and thick weather delayed the steamer
for more than twenty-four hours. An
army of drays was'waiting on the dock all
day. In the afternoon, seeing that the
steamer had not yet docked, it was decided
to load only the scenery for “La Sorciére,”
the opening piece, and to start the special
Madame's suite
at the Astor, to which after inspection she

| gave her approval, was used for only two

ours.
When she had rested a little from the
journey, Bernhardt received. Still wrapped

 

_—s

 

suet
-

pee

ay,

ae