VOL. LXVIIL—NO, 26,

vessels. The interval between the ships was

ROS
|
E. supposed to represent two imaginar ipa,
it is the opinion that if the actu Sipe hod

HOLLAND GETS HER GAM
| Jed the column and the imagin: ships ha

SINKS THE @rear | ought up the rear the ships could have better

{ore sot each other, and that the fire of the

orts could not have been concentrated so long
upon one ship

6 Leyden, representing a battleship, claims

THEORETICALLY
KEABRSARGE OFF NEWPORT HARBOR,

her

late
and

as theatre of

BLAST BREAKS VANDERBILT WINDOW,

NEW JUDGES FOR HAVANA.

Rafael Craz Peres Made Head of the Court
~Constitational Convention Plans.
Special Cable Despaichto THE SUN

HAVANA, Sept. 26 —Governor General Wood
has decidedto refer the matter of the annul-
ment by the Board of Canvassers of votes casi
in the recent election to the Constitutional

Convention, the election law providing that dis-

putes regarding the validity of ballots shall be

decided in thie way

‘There are movements among the delegates

on
of the various political parties to hold meetings

t. Caid-

vesse)

conning

open the cont

have been

GUNS FOUND AT KOMWATIPOORT.

some

torpedo Boats Win a Big Victory Over the | to have ramined the Kearsarge after ahe passed
Hlockading: Pleet--Three of the Little Crafe : be decked on ae Ie Thin 1S Aine © Culaanee 10
is far from being invisible without a light, on
Work—The Attackers Won thé First Day, account of her bow ware, and that < vessel
a inder Way with her lighta properly manipu-
Newvort, R.1., Sept. 25 —The close blockade lated would have a good nae of escaping:
which {t vee eats py hag ships of the | also, that a vessel at anchor behind a point of
Red Fleet wo make off t port to-night doed
by a torpedo boat. It is hoped that in
was a one-alded affair. Try as they would | future operations that the Nayy Department
will do more than sanction the mancuvres
Kearsarge and Indiana, and the Texas is | DUt will offer some assistance in the way of
still outaide unfound, Tt was shortly before money and the providing of a more powerft!
6 o'clock when the submarine boat Holland | would make the battle more real and give the
left slip at the torpedo station, officers encouragement:
“ § thought that the mancuvres
and started out of the channel. She ‘was half! he held each year either in the
summer or early in the fal
expected «reat things of her. It was the first action, the @ b tended ft
Jone that al ° Lc ’ co) e extended as far evat as
time that she has ever been tit toa test. The | Vineyard Sound and ae far weet as Long Island
newspaper boat passed her at Ometle Hill and | Sound. The expert authority of the army
after exchanging salutes she ‘was soon left re. viewed last night's battle, te convinced
ip the darkness behind. This was the last seen of the neosasity of searchlighta on fortifications
ingrease
station To-morrow the Board of Arbitrament, oon-
sisting of Rear Admiral N. H. Farquhar, Capts
At dusk the torpedo boats Porter, Rogers, Stockton, Chadwiok, Snow, Commander Mason
Gwynn, Morris and Dahlgren left the harbor | and Col. Hasbrouck, U.S. A., will meet on board
and went out to sea to get a good position for {
os ® now the Intention of Admiral Farqul.ar
the work that was before them, and at a late | to sall with his squadron either to-morrow or
early Thursday morning
charge of the torpedo station was seen, he was " ae
very much pleased with their work, and aaid
that he was satisfied that they would be upheld . 4
by the Board of Arbitrament. Rocks Thrown Across Fifth Avenue Into
[t was 6:48 before signs of a ship were seen George W.’s Drawing Room.
seen some miles out to eea, followed by a red | avenue and Fifty-firet street, where workmen
rocket. This signified that a torpedo boat | 4re excavating for the Union Club's new house
had ploked up a ship and had tor-/ On the site of the old Roman Catholic Orphar
peioed her, From that time on at short | A%vylum, two large fragments of rock on Mon-
{ntervals guns were heard in | day afternoon crashed through a window in
be seen, At one time three red stars went | frst and Fifty-second streets. The stoves
up at once and {t was afterward learned that ptruck muiesian caine’ Ged with shine oad
rice€&brac in the drawig groom and knocke<
the Rogers, Gwynn and Morris had all torpe- | j, upon @ pearl inlaid table on which were a
doad the flagship Kearsarge at one time, The | Sévres vase anda small inarble statue. Table
Gwynn was claimed as a victim t h
vied. ee 6 viet by te Beare tains and window shades were torn to tatters
The Vanderbilt family {s at Biltmore and only
The tug Leyden was the only craft to try to | a caretaker was in the house. He was in the
run the blockade, and she had hardly got be- | basement and wasn't hurt.
youd the lightahip when she was picked up A stone shrown Dy the same blast struck the
by the Soorpion and sent back to port. Shortly | bie dent in the brownstone front and littered
after this the Gwynn torpedoed the Scorpion | the areaway with pieces of rock. The police-
man on the beat narrowly escaped another
fragment. The blast frightened everybody
tie latter for twenty-seven minutes. | near |.ast Friday a big piece of rock was
When fshej fired the red star she was so close Snlis PamG a Ena Gt tpade to Feonave it
‘4 ae anc ook & n « loraes te omove
ti he gunboat that the star hit her stern. The J. W. Cody of 1183 Broadway {s the contractor
Dahlgren was out for bigger game and she| who is doing the blasting He asserted yes-
had to go miles out to sea to find anything in | teMday that all precautions possible were being
taken ‘We use only a pound cartridge,” saic
the Indiana and then returned to port, sati+ | allows We make every effort to avold damage,
fied with putting the big battleship out of action, put, the roee hee no conmmeney, and parts of
. j t fly even we use good anchorage” The
It was nearly midnight when the Holland | work is being hurried, and the police say that
came into her slip at the torpedo station, and | the contractor ie complying with the law
it was learned that she had accomplished her —_ - -
big = ship Kearsarge would be reat-
ing in thirty fathoms of water
and her crew probably all drowned. The tor-
pedo boat Porter, as was expected, worked
largely in conjunction with the Holland, and
Jt was a long run out to sea, but the Holland
experienced no difficulty and Lieut. Caldwell
says that he could see plainly all around him.
\at yey does the Holland claim to have put
out” the Kearsalge bu thinks that
bla ships, but makes no claim, . Liew
well la not eortain of the identity of before the convention assembles in order to
The Holland after passing the lightship was formulate their policies, Some of the dele-
submerged so that only her tower | Sates say that the question of the cancelled
waa out of water, but the searchli¢hts of | convention
Rafael Cruz Pores has been apy :
ndahe not only gee i torpedo chat | Justice. He was formerly a Judge of the Sue
ani he note nly got within torpecoring distance | preme Court of Havana. Sefior lado, President
but hailing distance as well, As soon as she | ofthe Audiencia of Santiago, hasbeen appointed
had flred her red rocket indicating a torpeco! a {udae of the Havana Supreme Court
Lieut. Calawell threw fayor Rodriguez says he has not seen Mr
he regards a new sewage system for Havana
{ claim to have torpedoed you.” “as necessary, and hopes he will be able to
Yes, I guess you have I tor- | arrange the contract with Mr. Dady as soon
pedoed several times to-night,” was the answer, | &* Possible
The Holland then looked around for
of the other big ships, but failed to find them
» attack, 11 o'clock, having expired, she | Captures Oxen, Cattle and Sheep.
t Newport, convoyed by the Porter :
turn trip ran under 1 er gasel ne Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
nd came in at a good eight-knot clip LONDON, Sept 25 -—The War Office has re
Adin feet had fodowed out ceived the following despatch from Lord
Roberts, dated Pretoria, Sept. 24

vo

used

ordi-

Catch the Kearsarge at Oace—The Holland's Ib suing up it seems that a torpedo boat
island is in imminent danger of being torpe-
the torpedo boats were only able to find the
fleet, both as to ships and torpedo boats. Thia
submerged and her commander, Lieut. Caldwell
with Narragansett Kay the
and thinks that the number should be greatly
of her unt ehe returned to‘’her dock at the —
the New York and make {te final renort It
hour to-night when Commander Mason, in
outside the Hghtship. A flash of a gun was As the result of a dynamite blast at Fifth
the offing, and the red and green stars could | George W. Vanderbilt's house between Fifty-
Vase and statue were deetroyed and the cur-
sarge and she returned to the harbor
house of Mra W_ D. Sloane next door, made a
and later the Eagle, having followed
thrown across Fifth avenue tnto an areaway
the form of an enemy. She says she torpedoed he, “and that is 25 per cent of what the law
objeot and had {t been actual warfare the
she also says she torpedoed the Kearsarge
she soored one of the other
yotes will give rise to violent debates in the
the big warship were unable to make this ouy winted Chief
jug tower bh a . erie “ te :
lil and, hailing the Kearsarge, said Michael Dady, the American contractor, but
was miles out to sea, and the time limit | Boers Had Wrecked One Creusot—Gen, Barton
3° blockade and

a blockading fleet
sate to say that the Holland
ed the entire Red Squadron.
Val standy it the work of the Hol-
tis looked upon as proving that she
valuable addition to the American

chitehts
iddo,ttd

destroy

poort one LongTom 08-pounder and one ( reusot
which had been destroyed, 300 rifles, 30 boxes
of small arm ammunition, 40 LongTom shells, 4a,

“Barton has captured 720 trek oxen, 950 cattle
and 1,000 sheep ”

WALES TO VISIT IRELAND.

Texas of all the Red Fleet is the only one

is not found by a torpedo boat, and it is

1 » must have been man lies out

to se hough it is not thought that the
Holand had a fair test of her canvabilities, those
W vef “1 the boat are sati-fled that she
her buiiders have claimed for
to-night everything worked

d, and not a sound was dis-
t bad factor with torpedo

Will Lay the Cornerstone of the Royal Vic-
torla Hospital at Belfast.

Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Sept, 25.—The World says the Prince
and Princess of Wales will go to Belfast during
: | the last fortnight in January to lay the founda-
Red Fleet Ray pert, pnd | tion stone of the Royal Victoria Hospital. They
they were coiupletely annihilated | Will be the guests of the Marquis of London-
swift little torpedo craft derry at Mount Stewart, Newtonards, County
Down, They will probably go to Dublin for

at

ends the manamivres at

yesterday the

nig
rer
its
ibt

}
ght's

ind ass

Slatin Pasha Goes to the Soudan.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
VIENNA, Sept It is announced that
Slatin Pasha, who was Governor of Darfur
under Gen. Gordon, will go to Khartoum as
British Inspector-General of the Soudan.

25
'

Franco-German Negotiations.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

ow, Paris, Sept \ Berlin despatch states

ains only for the Board o
ment make decision and
re is little de in the tninds of those who | @ few days later on and will be the guests of
essed to-ni affair but that the corm- | Earl Cadogan, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland
of the torpedo flotilla will get the —
rd The Red Squadron will come ly .
® Ino! Sy g —s Oh as the ecod" monte ‘Two More Deaths of Plague in Glasgow,
ourts the nee will sail for New York, Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN.
ght oan the tact teat tha oat ante GLaAsGOW, Sept. 25.—--There were two deaths
ol the enemy and the fine squadron of the | from the bubonic plague here to-day. There
ae Geen destroyed It re equceded are now twenty-three cases under treatment
eard of rbitrament that the Rec — ; se
Was successful in its passage of the forte in the various hospitals and forty suspected
'hemineflelds and, though in a badly crip- | cases are being observed.
ition, gotinsidethe harbor Although ne
rippled condition, its superiority over
me Fleet made it impossible for the Italy and Abyssinia Agree.
Fleet to destroy it The torpedo at- Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,
\ pronounced a failure, except as to the Rome, Sept. 25.—The Tribuna says that the
nd her case is yet to be acted on ‘ : :
ire the Conclisions of the board after | Erythrian frontier question has been settled.
ng this noon, T. -day it ts learned | Abyssinia recognizes as the boundary a line
interesting events took place in | extending from Mareb to Balasa and thence to
with the attack It seems that | \
s evening the Scor; sent two | Muuna.
+, one capturing the yacht Yankee
a@ revenue Cutler, but the acts
mued out as they happened hefore 8
«, the time set for the neenene of
dite One of the junior officers from
fexas put up a good game of bluff which
faved ind a boat's crew from capture,
He had been sent to land at Beaver Tail and
t off the communication of the signal corps
He landed and had captured four
rines when the others in the corps came to
Lies sistance. The offleer from the ‘Texas
! he had two companies
and if he was not allowed 2b
prise oul v "i
for res ieceameae He ane ae that the negotiations between France and
go, and he, lus boat's crew and the | Germany regarding their military attachés in
_ Prisoners were later captured by a picket | paris and Berlin are still proceeding

ena
ed}

* Kearsarge took up a position south of
and she worked her searchlights

a way 00 the batteries on the east side s “able Despatch to THE SUN.
‘entrance that the torpedo boate had Speetat Cahi p

iiMoulty in making their way up the CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept 25 —The Turkish
passage vere F wt Greble at a five- | Minister to Spain has resigned because of the
Sper “hese boats were the Porter, ay , 4
Morris and Rogers When they got non-payment of wn amet
r the fort they opened up to a seventeen-
t id, with the exception of the Rogers,
ked up and put out of aetion by
The Rogers continued around the
1 attacked the gunboat Vicksbure, |
picked up after within torpedoing
but owing to the fact that the Vicks-
ive was supposed to be a battleship it has
n ruled that the Rogers was also put out |
th The Datlgren waa put out by the
from Forts Adama and Wetherell,
* Stiletto was the only one to succeass-
the forts, the lights not being on her
nutes, the time fi iit She claima to
ela torpedo at the Massachusetts,
ilter is yet to be settled
ird f the opinion that the column
ivproached in good stvle and that the
id little effect on the steering of the

Unpaid Turkish Minister Resigos.

The Texas Storm Relief Fands.

The total amounts that had been co:.tributed
yesterday to the various funds which are being
raised in this city for the Texas storm sufferers
were: Merchants’ Association, $100,962.06;
Chamber of Commerce, $71,063.47, and J. Pier-
pot Mor@an, $22,455.64. In the additional con-
tributions to the Chamber of Commeroe found
| yesterday was one Of $6,444.72 from the Bremen
Cotton Exchange andthe Bremen Chamber of
Conunerce

Paris Katses Over 820,600 for Galveston.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Panis, Sept. 25.—The fund being raised here
for the relief of the storm sufferers in Texas
Right at Your Hand amounts to over 108,000 france

vrand Central Station of the New York Central
: tha bbs ugh train epety hour Reservations made
nth in advance. Trains \gvsli hours See ume
MNe-Ade . re ,
\

or erest to Masic Levers—
Special sale of Boliana Gee last page.—Ada

should |

“Pole-Carew reporta that he found at Komati- |

MILLIONAIRE TO MORGUE,

ee M. RICE'S CHECKS FOR 8160,000

| CERTIFIED AFIER HIS DEATH.

Suspictons at One Banking House Led to
Notice to the Police and After the Faneral
of the Aged Hatlroad Man the Body
Which Was to Be Cremated Was Removed
by the Authorities for a Post-Mortem
~Nothing Suspicions Found—Explanations
by Albert T. Patrick, Whe Holds Checks
for $260,000 and an Assignment of All
D’ posits and Securities, Drew the Dead
Man's Will and Is an Execa or There f.

Aa the result of aday’s work by Central Office
detectives the body of William Marsh Rice, an
aged millionaire, was removed yesterday, alter
the funeral at his house, 600 Madison avenue,
to the Morgue and examined by the Coroner
Mr Rice died on Sunday. On Monday checks
for $146,000 out Of $250,000, signed by him and
dated Saturday, all drawn to the order of Albert
T. Patrick, a lawyer at 276 Broadway, were pre-
sented for certification to a trust company bank
anda firm of private bankers inthiscity. Twoof
them, calling for $160,000, were certified by the
truat company, after which certification the
company \as notified that Mr. Kice had died
the day before The firm of private bankers
refused to certify a check for $26,000 offered to
them and, learning that Mr Rice was dead,
thought the transaction peculiar enough to call
in their lawyer, who notified the police

The body bad by this time been embalmed
and it was to have been cremated yesterday
The post-mortem discovered nothing suspicious
and the medical history of the case is apparenuly

clear enough, but some of the organs were

turned over to Chemist Witthaus by the Dis-
trict Attorney's direction, for such examina-
tion aa is feasible after the use of the embalming
fluid The body was returned to the undertak-
ers and will be cremated on Thursday The
police have dropped the case

Mr Patrick has been Mr
attorney for several years
which occasioned the inquiry into the clroum-
stances of Mr. Rice's death, was drawn on the
banking house of 8S M. Swenson & Sons, 15
Broad street Mr. Patrick sent it w the bank-
ers for oertification shortly
opened on Monday fhe clerk to whom
was presented noticed W#M Lie cheak was drawn
to the order of ‘Abert ‘I Patrick” and that
it was indorsed ‘Albert T Patrick
This difference names the
bankers to return wo ricks
cauling hw attention
Mr. Patrick then endorsed the check

Rice's New York
The $25,000 check,

it

ied

Pat

in

the M

check
to epaney

“Abert

the dis«

The bankers then called up Mr Rice's resi-
dence on the telephones. Mr. Rice's private
secretary, Charles Jones, answered the tele-
phone. He was told about the check and was
asked if it was all right a it

and the bankers said they'd like w talk to Mr.
for Mr

which

Jones 84a was

Rice. Jones said it was impossthie

Rice to cone to the teleph
was quite true, since he had died the night be-
The bankers said they'd call up later and

ne just thet

fore
they rang off

Jones then called up Mr. Patrick, told of the
inquiry from the bank, and asked what he
should do. Patrick's reply was to tell the
bankers that Mr. Kice was dead Jones did
as he was directed, and the bankers thereupon
returned the check to Patrick with a refusal
to certify it Phinking that the whole transac
tion was peculiar, Swenson & Sons consulted
their attorney. Mr

with James W Gerard,
would be justified in

Gerard concluded that he
reporting the cause to the police, and did so
The police notified Coroner Hart that it might’
be well to look into Mr. Rice's death, Coroner
Hart called at the house on Monday afternoon
and found that the body had been embalmed

|

T. Patrick” and sent it back with a renewed |
request for the certification of the check
|

|

!

after the banks |

|

|

|

|

by Undertaker Charles Plowright of 855 Fourth |

avenue and that arrangements had been made
for the funeral to take place yesterday morning,
to be followed the same day by cremation at
Fresh Pond, Coroner Hart had no
objection to the funeral services being held,
but that afterward the body must go to the
Morgue, instead of the crematory, where his
physician, Dr. Donlin, would make an autopsy.
The funeral was held as arranged, at 10 o'clock
the Rev. Alexander W.
Some of Mr. Rice's rela-
who had

said he

yesterday morning,
| Bostwick officiating
| tives from Springfield, Mass,
notified of his death, were present,

been

| several friends
The body was taken at 3 o'clock in the after-
noon to the Morgue, where Dr. Donlin performed
the autopsy in the presence of Prof, Witthaus
and Detective Sergeants Trainor and Val-
lely Dr Doniin said that the autopsy showed
no evidence that death was produced by unnat-
There was a slight congestion
and all the
were the age
how-

ural causes
of the lungs stomach,
} other organs normal
of the man was considered
ever, had been so saturated with the embalming
fluid that it was impossible to tell by an autopsy
whether death was produced by  nat-
ural causes not Some of the
organs were turned over to Prof
Witthaus for chemical examination and there
the case rests, so far as the authorities are
concerned, The cremation will take
to-morrow, when Frederick Rice, a brother
of the dead man, and Capt. James A. Baker,
his Texas attorney, will have arrived here
from Houston
Charles Jones, Mr. Rice's private seoretary,
who js, perhaps, 33 years old, gave the follow-
ing account last night of his employer's death:
“Mr. Rice was taken {ll a week ago last Sat-
urday He had not been particularly
robust for . some time He was in
his eighty-fifth year A woman
of his, recommended him
bananas as a toothsome dish. Mr
cluded to try some, and had five baked

he ate, and then he ate four uncooked bananas
immediately afterward. He was taken with
diarrhaea, which so weakened him that 1 sug-
gested that he send for his physician. He ob-
jected at first, but finally consented. Under
the doctor’s treatment Mr. Rice improved and
was so much better on Thursday that he ate
hearty and upset himself again. Dr. Curry

but
when
The organs

or

to

These

went to work on his patient again and he ap- |

peared to be better. He was up and about
until Sunday afternoon about 5 o'alock, Then
I persuadea him to 4° to bed, He dozed off
and I did not «xo to his room until 8 o'alock,
Then I found him dead.’
Jones was asked if he knew anything about
a check drawn to Mr Patrick's order on Swen-
} 6on & Sons He replied
“I do know about it, for 1 drew it along with
four others, all to the order of Mr Patrick
and al) by the direction of Mr Rice. It was on
Saturday morning that the checks
were drawn Mr Rice told me to draw
two checks in_ favor of Mr. Patrick on the
Fifth Avenue Trust Company, one for $135,000
and one for $25,000, and two others to Mr. Pat-
rick’s order on Swenson & Sons, one for $25,000
and the other for 865,000 After T had drawn
the checks Mr. Rice signed them and told me
to put them in an envelope and take them to
Mr Patrick which I did The reason the $25,000
check on Swenson & Sons was questioned was
because | had through carelessness,
Mr. Patrick's name ‘Abert’ instead of ‘Albert.’
1 don't know why Mr. Rice put so much money
in Mr. Patrick's hands, but 1 know that Mr.
Patrick had attended to much of Mr. Rice's
business, and | have thought, although | do
not know this. that Mr. Rice wanted. to put
as much of his business as possible into the
hands of «a younger” man Mr. Rice
was worrying much over the losses he sustained
by the Texas cyclone. He estimated his losses
by that at $1,500,000, He lost much in Gal-
veston, in Houston and all through the de
vastated district
“How did it happen that the body was eme
balmed and was then to be cremated so soon?"
“The embalming was done because the under+

An Epoch ltnaagurated
When the Pennsylvania Limited was placed in sex

N Y
Tse, byecioee New ork and Chicago It realises a

spelled |

| the

, Ban
; owner
place |

a friend |
baked |

Rice con- |

as well as |

; sent on

| the bulk of the +

/
\\\\ ii//

=) v\ I / W

1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY

taker said he oonld keep the re
ains otherwise. As the cremation,
Mr. Rice, last June, dictated to me
a letter to Mr Patrick recjuesting the latter to
eee that his body was cremated and his ashes
laced beside the remains of his second wife
n Milwankee

Mr. Patrick was seen at his residence, 316 West
Fifty-eight) street, last night and said

it is true that | had two checks, one for ,
000 and one for $65,000, drawn to my order and
signed by Mr. Rice, It is also true that | have

hot
to

two other checks, one for $145,000 and one for |

$25,000 on another of Mr. Rice's banks, the name
of which I do not care to give.

“Further than this, | have an assignment,
executed by Mr. Rice, in which all the money
he had on deposit with Swenson & Sons and
all the seourities he had in their safe deposit
vaults are turned over tome This assignment
was made that | might carry out certain plans

|
|
|

Mr. Rice wanted perfected. I was not to profit |

so much as one dollar from the proceeds
these checks, and what is more, I couldn't
the tarms of the assignment, if f wanted to
“On Montay morning [ presente! the checks
for $125,000 ani $25,000), Crawn on the bank
whose narue [ have uot mentioned, [the Fifth
Avenue Trust Company.) to have therm certi-
flet. They were certifled and { deposited the
$2,000 cheek in another bank. Than [
el the bank neon which the checks
were drawn that Mr Kice was dead I tod
them I did not cail to withdraw the $136,000
and would not do so unt! the estate was settled
I got those two checks certified and tried to get
the $25,000 chack on Swenson & Sons certified
simply to have alegal claimnto the money before
the banks received legal notice of Mr. Rice's
death and to have that money with which to
bewin the work Mr. Rice wanted done, should
there be a contest over his will

\Vhen | found that swenson & Son-

rai-ing the question of the validity of tl
chee:, Lsent to them for certification
them with cop, of the assignment and asked
for a list o i ecurities in thair po
They said t) ey woul onsult counsel
there the mat

“Leet night
at my house
one of the

i
et

erved

ession

ard

named Gerard cailed
man who, he said, was
Swenson firm I have nee
learned that this man was a

They asked me ail sort. o
about how] harpene have tt h
25,000 and about my dealings 5 > Mr
[answered as many of ‘heir questions as |
had « right to ask and the, went away

“The whole (uas about the $25,000 cheek was
the resultof the «pite of some one in Lavenson's
bank against Mr Kice's s-cretary, Mr Jones
About a year ago Mr. Rice missed a §$),000
Atohi-on ond when he went to the sale
depo it vaults to elip sone eoupons Hae
wa coompanied to the vauita by «ne of
Swenson's emplovees, Mr Jones told this man
that Mr. fice suspected him.) The bond was
re cod om how  wotuin t nex -ix
months, bu the clerk at Swenons
had itin for Jones And after that Jdonss ued
his influence t: keep Mr Ri e's aceout! with
that bank down, Mr. Rice had only $93,000
t ere.”

Mr. Patrick would «ay nothing about
Rice's will, which, according to the infor:.ation
the police have, ie drew, but Jones said hat a
wil was in existence @nd that Patrick, Wil-
liam M Rive, dr a nephew of the
testitor living in Houston, and
James A. Baler, the Houston | lawyer,
are the executors, He said that Mr. Rica
had estimatd him-el' o be worth atout
$5,000,000, and thit the will dey. od
state to his sisters in Massachu-
eetie and their children, his brother in .ex ua
and the brother's twe ve children (Rice was
Chiidies- himself) and that liberal vequests
were nade to Patrick ind Baker

Dr. Walker Curry of 28 Kast Sixty-firet eireet,
the physioun who attended Mr. Rice, said last
might: “IT head been Mr. Riee’s physician for
several months. | was in the habit of calling on
him very frequently, sometimes twiceaday. Al«
though he was 84 yeurs old, he was of perfect
sound mind, and all his organs were sound and
nornial, but sxeneral condition
that he requ i the constant attention o
rbvstelan. The last call lL maceon Mr
at bia bome on Sunday He seemed to
bea ittie better than usualand was « ting up
{n bed, reading the newspapers He wa- alone
atthe tine except for bis nurse, Jones | did
no! see Mr. Patrick, I don't beliewe that Mr
Patrick Was in the house when Mr. Rice died
Jones told me afterward that he was alone

er re ts

lawyer
with @

o

ee:

Mr.

a
Rice was

| with Mr. Rice and that shortly after my call

ify
Hi

Mr

Jovem ‘reed
Rice refused
uo ane

became
tor,

the old @ nuleman
bins to call ad
saying that he was not » riously
that he would soon be al right He
added that he was going downto on Mon
day of business. Soon he became so much
yore that Jon unmoned ine. Mr, ki 4
alread dead when [ got to the house, but his
bod» was sti] warn I could nothing sus-
ycOus About his death and I certified to the
jourd «f Heath that Mr. Rice had died frm
old age, A previous attack of dlarrnaja and in-
digestion and from mental stran

“The Board of Hiea:th aceepted the certifi: ate
and the body Wassentiothe undertaker Mr
Rice hac lefta written request that his bodv be
eremated, and sccordingiy the body was pre-
eared by che undertaker for crematior The
fiineral services were beld at th»: house this
rnorning an forty filty persons attends d
The next thing Li eard the city authorities had
stepped iy and had seat the body to the Morgue
for #n autopsy T am considerably hurt
at the way | Was treated by the city offichils,
have been apractising phys.cian and surgeon
in this city for over thirty vears and before that
| was a surweoninthe army Chis ix the firs¢
cuse TL have had in my life that [ have had ques-
tioned. IT think that Ishouid have been invited

see

noti- |
| Stone and Mr. Wetmore agree as to the possibili-

, sourt, from Chicago

| oe

!
VWI : Fair and warmer to-day; to-morrow, fair,
ae

THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHI
TRUST AND DISTRUST (DEM.)

OF JONES, AND CROKER
STONE OVER NEW YORK.

TANGLE
AND

Let's See Hogg, Book Trust? -Ashbel P, Fitch
for McKinley-His German Friends, Too?
Republicans Class Indiana and Micht-

gan as Doubtfal—Confident of Colorado,

The Hon. Richard Croker, the supreme leader

of the Democracy of the State of New York, |

is awaiting with a good deal of interest, it was
announced at the Hoffman House last night,
the return of ex-Gov. William Joel Stone of
Missouri and Col Mose Wetmore, also of Mis-
Mr. Croker {# to make

life in his great
Garden meeting on
Bryan wo speak
abroad (roker, Mr,

of

Square

the effort his
Madison
Oct 14,

But there

is
Mr

where
is trou

ties of carrying the State of New York for Bryan
Arkansas Jones, the Hon. James K.. Democratio
Senator trom Arkansas and chairman of the
Democratic National Committee and one of the
ehief stockholders tn the Cotton Bale Trust,
along with John E. Searles, formerly of the
American Sugar Trust—differs with Mr. Croker,
Mr. Stone and Mr. Wetmore

Arkansas Jonea does not believe that there is
A poasibility of carrving New York for Rrvan.
The Arkansas statesman is not always astute,
hut he is sometimes well informed and on his
recent vidt to New York he had long talks with
ex-Senator David Bennett Hill and Comptroller
Riri S. Coler. Arkansas Jones believes that
Mr has unwisely stimulated Democratio
factional warfare in the State On the other
» Mr Croaer ant his friends believe that
Mr. Jones, because of his connection with the
Cotton Bale Trust,
the Democratic National Committee As
to that, Mr. Jones and Mr. Coler and Mr. Hill
and their friends have a few words to say about
the Ice ‘Trust business
of them to say anything for publication about

Croker

nat

is A mighty

| matters of this kind, but the effect is just the

| connecuon,

was sucay

same: for the eriticism is whispered about in

all Democratic resorts
some amurement in Demogratio
upon the announcement that
lHiowe of Texas desired the immediate
removal of Arkansas Jones as Chairman of the
Democratic National Committee because of
Jones's connection with the Cotton Bale Trust.
Mr. Hogg, it appears, believes that Mr. Jones's
connection with this mreat trust, which the
State of Texas lias denounced officially, is work-
ing harm to the Democratic cause. This set
sme of the Detnocr «at the Hloffman House
iast night telling about Mr. Hoge and his
eituer a8 an attorney or as an in-
dividual, with what is called the Book Truat,
and it Was sugested that certain representa-
tives of the Boos Trust in Brooklyn, possibly
Gen. Barnes, might have something to say
about ex-Gov. Hogg and his plutocratic sur-
roundings As a matter of fact the Democrats
are ui) tangled up in “trusts.” .
All those who attended the Democratic Na-
tional Convention at Kansas City recall how
Senator Benjamin Tillroan, he of the “piteh-
fork, raised his arms and with roaring voice
reiterated as we read the national platform,
Impertalism is the paramount issue Mr.
Tillman bad to read this line twice  Sergeant-
at-Arms Martin of the convention had_ pre-

There was
steraas

ex-iov

} pared a great demonstration when Mr. Tillman

| read
| turned round to Mr

L|

either to be present at the autopsy or to have a

repre entat ere

‘T do not w who sent
the Coroner Al. [ know
niaht t detectives, one
sergeant irom the Centr
and asced a reat many
Rice = death
ny atellits

“Teau think of »o reason why Mr. Riceshould
have committed suie de or wished to die unless
{t was tha’ a few months ago he sustained a
heavy loss by one of his cottonseed oj! mil!s in
Houston b-ing des'roved by fire witha heavy
loss. Onthe otherband, Mr Rice was always
fond of boasting how old the vary us members«
o the family |ad been at the time of their
dea h and had decl red that he wanted
to live to be o der than the oldest of ‘hem

Mr. Rice was born in Springtield, Mass, in
1816, went to Galvesto: in 1888 and moved to
Houston, where he made money tn cotton
and groceries He was one of the bullders
of the Houston and Texas Ce vtral Railroid and
argest stockholdor He was also largely
n the East and West Texas
tailroad, the Galveston Wharf Come
pany and the Merchanta and Planters’
Oj] Company of Houston. He owned a hotel in
Antonio and was said to be the largest
of real estate in the State
He ‘ame to New York ir 1867.
He married twice. His second wife died in Mil-
witukee, leaving ubout $1,500,000. He contested
her will, which left her money to her relatives
‘The case is still pending. Mr. Patrick says he
does not think Mr Rice died worth more than
$50,000.

ve tl
KI to the police orto
is at on Monday
of them a detective

] Offler, called ons

”

interested

WILL PROVE SCHARN A MURDERER,

Assistant District Attorney so Promises for
the Coroner's Inquest To-day.

Coroner Ftzpatriok will hold an inquest in
the Kate Scharn murder case at 11 o'clock this
morning. Last night Assistant District At-
torney Daniel O'Reilly held a conference with
the witnesses in Capt Delaney's private ‘oom
in the East’ thirty-fifth street polic® station,
Every person mentioned in the newspapers
atthe time of the murder was present There
wis another witness, who was said to be Dr
Robert Safford Newton of 19 East Forty-fourth
street. Mr. O'Reilly refused to say what Dr
Newton's testimony would be about, but he
said it waa of the greatest importance

“We will show to-morrow heyond a shadow
of adoubt, ‘said Mr,O'Reilly, “that Fred Scharn,
the girl's broth r, whois now in the Tombs on
ach ree of stealing a watch from a Wo man in

| the house in which he and his sister lived, was

his sister's murderer. We have broken
his alibi, we will connect} him with
bloody finger marks on the door and we
will tell one ther thing that will
nbsolutely convinee a fury of his gullt I
might add that neither Scharn nor his lawyer,
Emanuel Friend, will be at the inquest. That
is being held to find who killed Kate Scharn. If
young Scharn ts dec'ared 'y the Jury to be the
murderer, then it will be time for Mr. Friend to
defend his client. Untilhe is found to be the
murderer Mr. Friend has no standing.”

up
the

VALE'S SEAL ON WHISKEY BOTTLES.
University Gets Facsimiles of the Designs
Used From the Patent Office.

NEW Haven, Conn., Sept. 25.—Yale Univer.

| sity officials have taken the first step in the

case of the Philadelphia whiskey manufacturer
who has used the seal of the university on his
whiskey for a tradetnark. President Hadley
to the Patent Office in
for facaimiles of the seal as used by the Phila-

questions about Mr. |
lanswered them to the best of |

| about Indiana, and all

| The sar

| of Michigan concernig,

Washington |

delphian and he has received them. To-night |

President Hadley said:

“We have secured from the Patent Office
copies of the labels which, it is supposed, that
the applicant for the trademark intends to use,
They bear duplicates of the Yale title and shield
The facts have been submitted to counsel and
we shall take whatever steps are wise. As
the result of future investigation we believe
we have increased reason to think that the
principal object of the would-be user of the
college titles is to secure the notoriety

from, whatever legal steps may be ess

these remarks It tnissed fire He

Tillman reread the statement “Impe-
the pararrount issne Then there
It was a cookedeup demon-

tion Mr
rintism is
was a great furor
stration that tullowed
tuie of New York or any other State
attended any public gathering that
that this talk about Imperialism
‘ uld be said in honor to the
Denwerats When they see the tlag they
stand right up and cheer like men and they
will not be carried off their feet by any petty
policy which lavolves the hawing down of the
lag in the Phitippines
. ry ee tic ‘ sames D, Riehardson of Ten-
nessee was af the Hoffman House vesterda
He isn't Jooking around for Bryan or Adlai FE.
Stevenson The names of the national candi-
dates of the Democratic jarty seldom pass
his lips lle is oking out for Congressmen
He wants to elect a Democratic majority in
the House resentaths @s
Nhe bon P. Fitch, formerls
troller of the « ‘lTammans, ar
strong pollti of hi f
with eminen o =.
soul for Mekii sound mone
wind the maintenance of America’s

ith Chit
who hus

Will Mot sey
full flat [ft st

Corn
id vers
Maat

paatforns
national
' r
Many Democrata like Mr, Fitch are aware
that Bryan and Stevenson cannot hope to be
elected. They say. “We honest money Dem-
ocrats are going to do the business for McKinley
and Roosevelt this vear just as we did the
bu for McKinley and Hobart in 1896,
We must purge our party from the heresies
of populism and anarchism and socialism, and
after that if we have any differences with the
tepublican we will fight them out in
fair and frank fashion.’

the Repubdcan national campaigners were
on guard yesterday, but most of the talk was as
to (ndiana, Colorado and Ilinots, not forgetting
the State of Michigan. Senator Edward 0,
Woleott of Colorado sent word that he believed
his State would be Republlean in both branches
of the Lewistature and would also cast its elect-
oral vote for McKinley. This was mighty good
news,on the ground that it would save the United
States Senute a statesman like Senator Wolcott

The Republican campalaners received word
of the Information was
it must be classed “among
doubtful States.” This

siness

marty

that
very

to the effect
the doubtful
in .
Republican campaigners in the Hoosler State.
e Information was received from the
Republican campoieners in the State
g@that State. It was also
admitted that it 1s not to be an ensy task to
continue Tilinols in the Republican column
The coal strike in Pennsylvania is having, it was
said, a sympatietic effect in a great tnany
quarters, The pre of anthracite coal has been
pushed up to the consumer, just who incited
this strike is not known, but a good many peo-
je polat their fingers toward certain leaders
nthe Democratic party

Finally. the Hon Gum Shoe Bill or the Hon.
Shirt Tail Bill (whichever you please) Stone is
expected to arrive here either to-day oF to-
morrow from his conference with Bryan and
Jones in Chicago By that time Col. Mose
Wetmore and his friends will know just where
to put their cash, whether in New York State,
or Illinois, Michigan or Indiana.

atalwart

NOME SWEPT BY STORMS,

Col. Ray Predicts Great Destitetion and Saf-
fering There as a Result,

SratrrLe. Wash., Sept. 25.~-Col. Ray, former-
ly in command of the District of Alaska, re-
turned from Nome on the steamer Roanoke
to-day. He desoribes the storm of Sept. 12 as
terrible in its results. He says:

“As near as | could estimate, 5,000 people
were living in tents prior to the storm. It

wrecked everything on the beach as far up as
River street of Nome city, and carried away
one side of that thoroughfare. The loss of
propert y to the tent-dwellers is, of course, be-
yond comprehension. All this loss comes on
top of the destitution which existed prior to tha
storm. Though there was plenty of food and
some work, that was only for summer. The
coming of winter was the great menaoe which
was driving hundreds of penniless men to seek
the United St»tes

“The Roanoke and seven other vessels rode
out the storm behind Sledge Island = After
the wind had died down she landed her passen-
ers in dories. There were no tugs or lighters
All were wrecked. The sight of those landing
in the heavy surf was thrilling They were
experiences such as no man would go through
had he Known what was in store for him

The shallowness of Behring Sea makes the
wind bring nasty swells A southwest gale is
the worst thet can blow for Nome. Such a
gale, much harder than the one where the dam-
age has been chronicled. met the Roanoke
«ix hours after leavine Nome It waa terrific,
That storm, I thoroughly belleve, must have
left in ite wake a trai of disaster and destitu-
tion to which the one from which you have
just heard could not compare
joar that the next news will tell of the annmihi-
ation of the other side of Nome's river street,
The gravest feature of the whole matter is

yet tocome, There was a fearful loss of himber
and fuel, Every lighter and tug in the harbor
was wrecked. About 5.000 tent dwellers were
on the beach. They must build she!ter for the
winter and have warmth. Whence is material
for shelter and fue! for warmth to come?

“The Lawton, which I believe cannot carry
at the utmost over 1,500 passengers, will not be
able to begin to transport Nome's destitute to

Seattle am positive that Gen. Randal) and
‘Dna oy will do that be De, The
Pies ha ot oa caulaat tduninistration .

poor chairman |

| initials W. C
You couldn't get one |

Tilliaan, and at lils sustees- |

Chere isn't a Democrat |

i rick

a
and |

ormation came from the most experienced |

I very much |

| The

NG ASSOCIATION.

TRANSPORT M'PHBRSON ARRIVES.

Reaches Galveston With Supplies-Gov, Sayers
in the City for Conference.
GALVESTON, Tex., Sept. 25.-The
States transport McPherson, Capt
rived here this evening from New York, having
made the run in six days and three hours. The
McPherson will commence discharging t:-
morrow morning She has on
$,300 tons of relief supplies, valued at $163,475

United

Bryan, are 1

board |

The cargo brought to Galveston by the trans- |

port isthe largest amount o! fright ever car-
ried by the ship since she was ‘ought by the
Government in the spring of 1898 for use as
4 transport lo the{Spanish-American War

Gov, Sayers ariived here to-day and was
rreseutataimeecting of the Central Committee,
He urged that the committee do their duty as
they see it, and under no crcums ances
awerve from that which their own judu-

+ ment and conscience should tell them is right.

the Gover vor ia now baving prepared a state-
nent of receipts and disbursements of char-
itable funds. It will be issued in a few days.

| Immed ately thereafter Mr. John Sealy, Treas-

urer of the Finance (onmmittee, will issue a like
statement

In all, about fifty bodies were taken from the
wreckage it) the city to-cayv. Thev were burned
There are fat present about fifteen hundred
men @ waged in clevring up the débria, and with
this foroe it is believed that six weeks will be
required to o'ean the town. Chief of Pollre
Edward Ketchum at a meeting of the Police
Board this morning tendered his resignation,
which waS acoepted, and Gus Amundsen, the
present depuiy chief, waa eleoted to fill the
vacancy

COLLEGES MUST FIGHT FOR SEALS.

Whiskey Man Has a Supreme Coaort Decision
in His Favor.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 —The registration re
cently by a liquor dealer of the names and seals
of the prominent untversities and colleges as
trademarks for his brands of whiakey was in
accordance with a Supreme Court decision, and
the only remedy for the colleges, it is declared,
lies in the courts. Another liquor dealer, who
had become annoyed by the efforts of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
stop sale of liquor, adopted the
T. U. as a brand for whiskey.
To secure his right to tse these initials | @ ap-
t lied to the Patent Offloe for the regietrauon

’

of his trademark ana the applicauon was
granted. The members of the organi7auon
applied for an injunction to prevent thei use
a8 a trademark and the case was fought all
through the courts. The liquor dealer finaliv
won, Commissioner of Patenta Duell de-
cided, therefore, that he must register the
trademark in the case of the colleges and let
them fight the matter out in the courte

Sinoe then the names, seals or coata of arms
of these universities have been registered as
trademarks Brown, Princeton, Harvard,
Pennsvivania, Lehigh, Cornell, Johna Hopkins,
Swa'thmore, Columbia, Chicago, Yale, Ox-
ford and Cambridge

Some surprise has been expreased that no
applications for registration of their corporate

the

| seals or other heraldic devices have ever been

filed by the universities themselves, which
would of course bar their registration by others,
It was explained at the Patent Office that one
reason probably was that the lifetime ef a trade-
mark was only fourteen years aud {it would
searcely be worth while to register it for so
short a period.

HEALED BY MIRACLE, SHE THINKS,

Miss Dora Worrtck's Kecovery From an All-
ment Supposed to He Incurable,

BINGHAMTON, Bept. 25.—-Miss Dora Worrick
of North Coleville. who hos been at the county
farm since last May and who was supposed to
he a hopeless invalid from a apinal trouble, be-
lieves that she his been cured py miracle

She is a Methodist and during her filnesa,
though suffering intense pain, had a strong
faith in her recovery. One day while at prayer
she sa\ ashe was told by a divine volde that she
would recover, and from that instant the pain
lefther. She eained strength rapidly, much to
the astonishment of Keeper John Moses and
the attending physician. Th» Rev F A. Matte-
son, chap ain of the institution, is said to have
pronounced her recovery am racie Miss \Wor-
has
{sued astatement say tg that she was cured
by the voioe of God. Physicians who examined
ber pronounoe her recovery most extraordi-
nary

}ALE “FRESHIES" TORMENTED.

Older Students Pat Them Through the Paces
on the Street for Amusement's Sake,

New Haven, Conn., Sept. 25.—The presence

of the Yale students, who have nearly all arrived

} in town, was made conspicuous by the ap-

pearance of hazing parties and their victims on
the principal streete of the city to-night. Groups
of students, ascore or more in each party,
towed a number of freshmen, two or three
at a time, around the campus and

the centre of the town, blindfolded
and decorated by their hilarious captors. The
student clubhouses and resorta were crowded
with upper classmen, who highly enioved them-
selves at the discomfort ant pain of the “fresh.
jas ‘To-morrow, night the upper classmen
will carry out a more complete programme
an! a tumber of boxing and wrestling matches
will have to be performed by the freshmen
who are caught out of their rooms.

DIED OF A RATTLESNAKE'S BITE.

Showman ‘dward Comstock Meets Death in
Attempting to Doctor a Sick Keptile.

CHILLICOTHE, Ohio, Rept. 25.—Edward Come
stock, a showman, whose home ts supposed
to be at St. Louis, died here this afternoon of
the effects of a rattlesnake bite received yes-
terday. Comstock has been exhibiting a den of
snakes and yesterday attempted to doctor a
sick one, when the snake bit him onthe hand
between the thumb and forefinger. He had
been bitten many times before and treated

| himself as usual, but soon went into convule

sions and was removed tothe hospital, Hae

to |

 

| Was requested by the firin

' bishop Ryan as third arbitrator

aapaelll - ——— |
PRICE TWO CENTS.

MINERS’ OUTBREAK FEARED

SHERIFF HARVEY COMPELLED TO ASK
FOR TROOPS FOR HAZLETON,

Marching Mobs Appear in That Region With
a Threat That 1,000 Miners Will Move oa
Lattimner-the Sheriff intercepts Oae Mob
and Arrests Four Leaders — The
Markles Answer Their Men's Grievances

(rant Some of Them and Ask Arbitration
as to Powder Charges Wiiling to Accept
Archbishop Ryan as Third Arbitrator—Op-

Willing Moke Concessions,

of tts

erators to

Affairs region strike
Sherif Harver

of Luzerne county has called for troops to pro-

in the anthracite coal

have reached another er

tect life and property in the Hazleton region,

Marching by mobs has begun. One was interes
cepted by the Sheriff, and there are threate of
a Four of the
leaders of the intercepted mob were arrested
and sent to jail {in Wilkes-Barre

The reply of the Markle Brothers to their

Most of the requesta

large demonstration to-day,

miners was made public

; made in minor grievances were granted. A

board of arbitration on the powder question
The answer sig-
nified the firm’s willingness to accept Arche
The request
for an increase in wages was refused.

It is reported in Scranton that the coal mine
operators are willing to grant concessions to

| the miners, especially on the powder question,

 

The operators say, however, that they will not
recognize the inion, and they declare that their
men must return to work in order to secure
negotiations

The Reading Raflroad sent only 600 cars of
coal to tidewater yesterday, all ita col-
Heries north of Broad Mountain being tied up.
The non-union men say they will not return to
work while the soldiers are in the district

Miners of colliery No. 1, Treverton, returned
to work with the exception of about twenty.

The members of the mine workers’ union
are trying to stop the exodus of miners to the
bituminous coal regions of the Weat.

CRISIS AGAIN IN THE STRIKE,

Sheriff Harvey's Call for Troops and the

Markles’' Answer to Their Men,

HAZLETON, Pa., Bept. 26.--Two sharp crises
{n the coal strike situation developed to-day.
In the first place, Sheriff Harvey of this county
has telegraphed to the Governor and to Gen.
Gobin asking that troops be sent here as soon
as possible, and, in the second place, the anx-
fously expected reply of the Markles to the
statement of grievances sent in by their em-
ployees on Sept. 15 was made public at 40'clock
in the afternoon

The action of the Sheriff grew out of informa-
tion from an authentic source that a thousand
men were going to march on Lattimer at an
early hour to morrow morning and drive themes
there from their work. The Sheriff's inform-

| ante told him that the language of the strikers

with reference to this proposed raid was very

| violent, that they had said they would go a

now completely recovered and has |

thousand strong, and if this force was not larce
enough another thousand would be forthcoming.
They were determined to prevent the Lattimer
men from working at all hazards, and with
one Lattimer experience of this kind fresh in
mind, the Sheriff did not propose to take the

| chance of further bloodshed if the presence of

troops would prevent it,

That this riotous marching tendency is be-
ginning to develop in an alarming form in
this region was sufficiently developed by tha
mob which assembled at midnight last nighs
at McAdoo and set out for Derringer, gather-
ing “trength as it went until by the time it
reached its destination there were nearly three
hundred men in line. An interesting side-
wht on the value of, police protection
at McAdoo was given by the presence
in the mob of Chief of Police Cull of McAdoo.
Sheriff Harvey, who had been notifled of the
raid and who reached Derringer as quickly as

' the marchers, walked up to Cull, pulled back

grew steadily worse all night, his arm and ene |

tire body swelling He fought his nurses for a
time and then sank into a coina

The snake after biting Comstock bit iteelf
a number of times and died, Comstock said
he had been in the employ of the Smithsonian
Inatitution at one time and oollected snakes
for it in South America

RICHMOND PEASE'S YACHT RBUR\ED,

The Aextiiary Cutter laurel Destroyed af
Her Moorings at Thimble Island.

STONY CREBK, Conn., Sept. 25.--The auxtl-
faby cutter yacht Laurel of the Atlantic Yacht
Club, owned by Richmond Pease, was burned

at her moorings at Thimble Island this after-
noon, The dre started from a naphtha cank\)e
stove which blazed up and set fire to the oabin
fittings. The owner and crew were so afraid of
the large supply of naphtha on board that they
jumped for the tender. The vaoht was onh r
way from New York to Montauk Point oa
fishing trip and {s @ total loss, being burned to
the water's edge

New Suggestion as to Rapid Transit.

the lapel of the chief's coat and pointed to his
shield of office pinned to his waistcoat. The
Sheriff did not have evidence that Cull had
marched with the mob. He only knew he was
there and in the thick of it. As soon aa the evi-
dence that Cull came on with the gang is oh-
tained, and it is not believed that will be diffi-
cult, Cull will be put under arrest

MITCHELL APPEARS SUDDENLY.

This experience of last night coupled with
the reporta as to the threatened Lattimer dem-
onstration to-morrow morning removed all
question in the Sheriff's mind as to the course
he should pursue. The situation was beyond
his control and he determined to be no longer
solely responsible for the prevention of blood«
shed. It always has been proclaimed by Mr,
Mitchell and the strike leaders that they were
urging the men to be orderly, preserve the peace
and avoid tumultuous demonstrations, Ip thats
relation the fact that Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Boppitt,
a labor agitator from the West and Mother
Jonea, the peripatetic Chicago Socialist, arrived
in Derringer very soon after the mob got there,
was significant. The {nference that is drawn
here to-night from this coincidence is that the
fact of the raid was fully known in advance a®
strike headquarters, and that it was the plan

| a8 soon aa the Derringer men had been driven

Chief Engineer Parsons of the Rapid Transit |

Comnilssion doclared last night at a meeting of
the North Side Board of Trade, held in the
borough of The Bronx, that much money could
be saved in the construction of the Rapid Transit
road by erecting un elevated structure from
Lenox avenue and i4ist etreet to Bergen ave-
nue and 149th street in place of the tunnel
acreed ur on for thatroute. He said that auch
a structure could be put up for $100,000, while
the present plans oalled for the spending of
$8,00'.000 The money thus saved could be used
in putting in @ road on Jerome avenue, he
aqade

$10,000 to 85,000 on McKinley tn Mlinols.

Edward Wasrermann offered in Wall street
yesterday to bet $10,000 to $6,000 that LHpois
will be carried by McKinley and Roosevelt.

Cooper, Cramp & Beadleston offered to bet
$5,000 to $15,000 that Bryan would oarry Illinois,
Indiana and Kentucky.

Moonshiners in the Diemal Swamp.

NORFOLK, Va, Sept. 26.—-Two illicit atills were
discovered in active operation in the Disma
Swamp yesterday by Norfelk revenue officers.
moonshiners, two half-breed indians, a
white man and a negro, who were operating the
@tills, fled into the swamp and escaped.

Standard Ratiroad of America.
wee Pansy ivanie Railroad Short Une to Chica-
—Ads, a

from their work to assemble them in a mae
meeting and make speeches to them
THP MARKLES MAKE KEPLY
But even the rather exciting turn of affairs
have taken here has attracted less interes®
than the statement of the Markles in reply
to the list of grievances submitted by their
men on Sept 15. The grievances are ten in
number Three requests were granted abe
solutely and one was conceded with an amend-
ment Redress was promised in two oases,
one was specifically referred to arbitration
and two requests were positively refused,
The one issue that was specially referred to
arbitration was the vexed question of the price
charged for powder As tnentioned in THe St»

this morning, it was the general belief that

| this would prove to be the disposition of the

| Operatore

as do the men who pay $2.75

complaint that the Marklee would
The explanation made by the coal
how they work no injury to the
mniuers by charging them 200 per cent. profit
on a keg of powder is a long and complicated
affair which, it is possible, may be within the
grasp of the lay mind to understand) Up to
the present, however et to be found
who has grasped it et, however,
that the miners who pay or powder
int of n in the end
The coal opera-
the system fe a
they would be

powder
make

the mar
Ther
$1

ic we f
whit Keeg
take the same amo oney
tors themselvea admit that
poor and bungling one which
glad to have done away with for once and for
nl Hence there ia much interest in the refer-
enee of the subiect the Markles to arbi-
tratior

It la
mittee waited upon t
ply and

by
was evening that the Miners’ Com.
© Marites for their ree
the
zet the reply
ave ! vork was
to submit ft to them at the several mills dure

ing the noon hour to-day The men @ each

receive It ecidad

that the

by
committee best was

before the miners who at

mine were to appoint a committ

a