ooh en elite seen te

THE SUN,

best interests of his employees and their fam-

  

 

 

         

25 centa; props twelve feet and over eight feet,

committees, after conference, were to oreate | 22 Ot we eat, 64 cents ites and th nity.
a committee of the whole to report to the  dmevence No Oe hat all “Sngineers be Whesowed, ay ttee be appointed to
Markles on the attitude of the miners toward | paid by the hour at the sume price a4 at present ” present to Mr. M. 8. Kemmerer these vasoles
their employers’ reply to the arievances Jur answer is. Engineers have ave . ee ren =e our best wishes for his continu
This committee went to tho Markle offices Ba xe eo eecir oF other work. and when | “NwAL GALLaGnsn, JR, JOSEPH BoBaRicks,
this afternoon at5 o'clock. They said they | we are working short days, as le frequently Sr., JOHN HARVILLA, JOHN MBNEBLEY,
Thes | the case, they have rendered less than ten ANDREW RUSSEL, EDWARD MOCHAMER.

Ths afternoon a complaint was lodged here
before Alderman Fallon against Supt.
Kudlick of the Coxe Brothers collieries by one
' Peter Gallagher, charging Kudlick with ult

were not prepared \ et to give an answer
wished to submit the niatter to & genera! meet-
{ng of all the Markle miners to be held to-mor-

bours' service In general, however, we desire
to say thatengineers are employed by the month, |
and their occupation implies they must iv
ntion to their engines outside hauling co

y te that for one | atte -
ioe. Te tant ene "at ta 4 } re ines be and empty cars We believe the present rule, and battery and trespase Gallagher says that
day, to-rnorrow, work In all the Markle min Beet Re arsed Poe tn co hic'was torchureh. st 6 o'clock. this
shut down ¢o that they would have anirle me) Grievance No. &~"That a tool and powder | tnorning when he was attacked by Mr. Kud-
to meet and deliberate, This request Mr John | car be placed at every slope in the morning lick. The charge is abeurd for many reasons.
he managing partner, granted, and and at 4 o'clock for to take the same down an ————

It ia a rule of thia com-
pany that under no consideration should dyna-
mite be lowered into the mines unless in ‘ ache
te car provided for that purpose

reters to Slack powder we shall be glad to take
up the matter with our miners at our various
slopes and arrange a plan to meet their views

to tools we have had

Marxle
with that, so far as the firm ts concerned, the
matter is at an end, They have fulfilled their
of the standing agreoment with their meo

the letter. They considered the grievances,
made reply within the specified time and in |

up.” Our answer is. WILLING TO GRANT CONCESSIONS.

 

Operators Inclined to Yield on the Powder
Question but Not on the Union.

SCRANTON, Pa, Sept. 25—THE Sun corre-

spondent to-day learned from a trustworthy

ossible. In reference
that reply request arbitration on one issue and = tf possi fr {
, ao Tuuch trouble and complaints from our miners | source that the coal operators, out of respect
gave it to the men to say whether they wish to | ng tools in and about the mines that if you i "

for public sentiment, have decided to make
some concessions to the miners, including a
rearrangement of the powder question ‘They
ving to | have reached a decision to meet with their
r house | men and prepare a basis of settlement of all

| losing t
refer any of the others that are not grantad to | oan suggest

"
the same tribunal, By the decision of this) come these dimer
tribunal the firm declares its intention @x- | indeed, to comply with

| GRIBVANCE NO. OT
plicitly to abide livered at No. 1 Highland instead of ha
WILLING TO ACCEPT ARCHBISHOP RYAN

carry it from No. 2, and that a powde

ntract mine
As related In Tae Stn this morning, !t evi-
dently was the impression of Mr. Mitchell

be placed at the East End for the co their troubles. The only obstacle, it ts said,
” Our answer te. We will arrange to erect
that be had put the Markles into something
of a dilemma with reference to the choice of

. wder house at Highland No. 1 as soon a8 to this plan is the recognition of the United
Arohbishop Ryan as a third arbitrator from

a feasible plan which will over-
‘jlties we suall be very glad,
your request

hat the powder be de-

peeaibie As to the powder house at the East | Mine Workers’ organization. The operators
t End | gay chat they will not under any circumstances

‘nd, and we understand that by the Fas
is meant the eastendof Jeddo No, 4 basin, we recognise this union because they allege that
it ia controlled by soft coal men

will arrange to erect a powder house at this

point to accommodate our men

No 1o— "That any employees | and that they absolutely reserve

the fact that the inference has been pretty GRIEVANCE ; deen

generally accepted that the Archbishop's | @etting $1 50 per day be advanced & per ce the right to. settle their difiiculties
‘ trike Refore | i! Junder that flgure be advanced 10 per cen t with their « It is declared that

sympathies were with the strikers eer Our answer ia) We understand by this griev- direct w 1 wo men

 

area that you request that any employees | the big companies will be prepared op Thurr-

receiving $1.50 per day and over be advanced

this impression as to the Archbishop's attitude

got abroad the Markles had already expressed | receiving | and under that figure 10 per cent. day to grant concessions, provided that at that
themselves as willing to accept him provided The. alld ‘e anale “anich {8 embodied in our | the the men are actually working and in their
he was acceptable to the men Mr. | agreement has governed wa es aince its adop- ; employ. It appears that the strike and the

tion and notwithstanding the Increased Coft | treats of strike have brought to the attendon

Mitchell last evening rather tauntingly said
that {t remained to be seen whether the Markles
would stand by their word In this respect. To-
day he has his answer. It was the genera)
} belief that Mr. John Markle was not a man to

wobble on anything to which he had squarely

in the production and we aration of coal,
haa remained the same u times past we hav
heard little, if any, complaint of the rates ©

of the leading officials of the operating com~-

panies io a more marked manner than ever be-

wages, but, rather a He, umoer ata fore the grievances of the men Sore of these
yorke on ” ‘ f

rye oa tite oaae hin aiinhes of anys worked | Officials are understood to have reached the

largely arceeds previous veare and reference | opinion that certain concessions would be fair

 

«eof am
:" pledged himse'f, and this belief in his good | [0 our [4 ~ ang the eee at irymen. | Public sentiment, especially in connection with
nn aire ust hasi«
faith has been justified. In hia reply to his] jen have been paid. Since December 150!) the powder question, is also understood to
: men he again explicitiy reiterates his willing- | there Las been an advance of 4] or cent ie he | have been a matertal factor in causing the
hhi asia V4 wines ‘eomiar 1, the rates r
ness to accept the Archbishop in case the em- a ne nrg i rer Lae th chee ELA Al operators to reconsider that part of the ques
ployees prefer him in. time sinea Jan, 1, ts). We cannot grant tion,

Mr. Mitchell this evening haa no comment | '! f req bed tnsire to state (hat. we. will From a semi-official source Tuk SUN corre-

> 7 conclusion we desire to »
to make on the Markle statement, but says he | he Hina ie have an exprevaion of your Anal de- spondent learned to-day that when work is

these anawers that are herewith | resumed the terms of the compromise will be

will reply to {t to-morrow notwithstanding i€° |iherations or
will occur in taking ) made known; but the operators adhere firmly

sitted so that no dela

ere

is pot addressed to him or his organization,
those questions to arbitration that son se ae-
but concerns only the parties to the written | oe id getting a decision at as early a date aa | to the decision that in no way will the union
compact between the firm and ita employees hie. Your. trut , mine workers be recognized
homs Mannie, Managing Partner The only complication appears to be that

Mr. Mitchell did say further that the reply to
the grievances gave the men absolutely noth-
ing, but he omitted to refer to the things which

the men are making as their strongest demand
the official recognition of their organization.

STOPPED A MARCHING PARTY.
: While many miners are anxious to settle the

were referred to a court of ar- .

bitration, by whose decision the | Te pvt ned a a = strike and return to work regardiess of the
Markles solemnly pledged themselves rem : : ‘ Whi! ah nue means by which an ainicable settlement 6
to abide. As has been explained, it is the prine | | Harirton. Pa, Rept 26 We a mob Dum | poached there is an aggressive sentiment in
ciple of arbitration in practice in a particular | hering several hundred was marching over the tavern of remaining aut until the
case that is the thorn in the strike organiza- | Mountains to descend upon Derringer cole) ning in recognized generally The
tlon’s aide. Unless it ie overthrown it premises liery, belonging to Coxe Bros é a » Luzerne strike situation to-day shows little
to be the rock on which the strike, from the | county: Sheriff James G. Harvey was making | change However, at the headquarters

‘ ord: breakit zt tve to intercept
United Mine Workers’ point of view, will split, | & Tecord: orraking midniaht dr © INWFCEDE | Oe the strikers the announcement was made

 

hem » succeeded ft ying so, and by at
If it succeeds in holding the Markle men to th He succeeded in doing s¢ y that they had reached one important decision
, once arresting four ot the riotars |
their pledge, it is pretty sure to be applied in a ' nateation. if the bud It was to the effect that no setulementa were
ne ” “1 stratio "
cases of other operators, and, as a matter of ae . ; _ . ' j 1 paraders ' to be made with the individual operators, it
fact, it is along that line that the operato SAG _ Prevruies me tes 7 : . it it cone s might be
fact, is al ha lit - ” pera f saath rom that hotbed of all the recent noe ne e oe — . abtt on
v {ke , > ithe fforta to settle . a % .
are very iidely Work i heir ¢ trot MeAdeo, and assembied there 18 decision : aa reach n the case © 16
the disturbance the mine workers organisi- € 1 lock last night. They were led b Gibbons Coal Company of this city, which had
tion has kicked ur ; si rill a ss taetes a at thet place, They | &#Feed to recognize the miners’ union and pay
enn a “ vibe werrrve ' ¢ j

’ al ctatic - ser ves if t en wo »
i © ths general eapemation at Mr.Bim | paraded to Beaver Brook and thence to ¢ rystal the union seale of prices if the men would =

to work, The executive

 

5 hie oon . ae ae a ‘| Ridge, where they were met by another crowd | aul compromise
M a aa : ny eid ' da aoe o led by aman named Martin, who is the President n mi
wae tere yo Cee tee rues f the uM Workers Union, From tere ES ee
ws o » - ‘ . F , i a et ® , j y A
@> thai grievances That, however, is An af | thay want hy the troiley te West Hazleton READING'S COLLIERIES TIED UP
air for ye then themselves to handie he clots \ - vere they Se
SMaskies themesives will have bothing to do | °% ‘en marche aS Cranberry, where (hey | @yty 2@ Working South of Broad Mountain
with the mooting one way or the other, Their oe We re I ; nie one nirndala eaiabaed 27,000 Men Idle in Schayikill Region.
a l dé re 1° parade numbere a
position is that they have kept their part of the | Hie s hundred. There were few Hune Reaping, Pa, Sept. 25.—The complete tie-up
compact and it is now for the men to deme ogeda dng ity P re - : "tha crowd, moat of of the Reading Company's collieries north of
rarians ane ders in ie cToN nost of
onstrate whether they will keep theirs @arians and Fold : . : Broad Mountain continued to-day. The min-
them being Iris It had got to be midnight | a. are ont until the soldiers see fit to with-
TEXT OF THE REPLY 5 ‘ the line o ch was to the : ie
by this time and the line of march wa he | draw. The Reading collieries this side of the

The reply of the Markiles is aa follows oo oldt . , .
ep , villages of Humboldt, Hopeville and Nurem- |v ouintain, some fourteen in number, worked

Vo 7 Commas of the Kmplovees of G. B.| berg, At the latter place there was a division cca, bab ob lanes bee Wale ieaahene
arkle @ (0 | to-day, eA - ed,

‘ | of force » wi on »D » .
Men Believing. that arbitration Was the! f forces, one gang proceeding to Derringer Up the middle district of the Schuylkill regions

there is some effort made to stampede the men
tostrike, and it has had some effect, butin the far

| Western end of Sehuylkill county it will require
something more than Mother Jones's speeches to
move the men. .

The Reading Company to-day received about
500 cara of coal to be sent to tidewater, or about
1,200 cars leas than the normal shipment
big plant at Matanoy shut down to-day be-
cause there is not enough coal mined to keep
the plant in operation. Everything about
Mahanoy City and Shenandoah is shut up tight.
The few collieries in the Ashland district worked
per es and the ear genes taner move to
starn lethemenby dru oree djd not oceur

So far as the Schuylkill reglon are con- |

| cerned the situation is slightly in favor of the
/ men. New unions were established at Shenan- |
doah and Gilberton. Shenandoah will hold
a citizens’ meeting to have the soldiers with- |
drawn and will pledge themselves to preserve |

roper method of settling all differences be- | and the other to Fern Glen.

ween employer and employees, as far back as | It was shortly after 12 o'clock when Sheriff
1885 an arbitration clause was embodied in the | farvey, who wae i) Jeddo, was notified of the
agreement with our men, Which is as follows: — | intended raid of the marchers. He at once

“We further agree that under no considera-
tion will we enter intoastrike. Any difficulties | jumped into his buggy and drove over the
mountain to Hazleton Then he awoke his

we may have with our employers are to be
bi tion, viz., by I ) i
seeeestelt man and they chooning one, ane it | deputy, Honeywell, and the two drove to the
forks of the road in Humboldt and .saw that
| the marchers were headed for Derringer.

these two men cannot ngree, these two mat

choose the third, and their decision, or the de-
They returned to Hazleton and then at 4 o'clock
this morning, accompanied by Chief Trescott of

cision of @ majority of them to be binding. It
the Lehigh Valley Coal Company police, with a

a further agreed that we will not be governed
squad of twenty men, went toCranberry Junc-

y any labor aasoclation in settling any diffi-
culties while in the employment of G. B. Markle
tion and in half an hour the posse wagjn Der-
ringer. Soon after the marchers hove in sight

4Co
At tils time, when the answers to your griev-
ances are due, we find a number of men absent
from work. Of wees, Some advise us they are
restrained from working through fear, while The Sheriff stepped forward a few paces, com-
manded them to halt and by the dim light of a
lantern read to them his proclamation and the
riot act. After the proclamation had been \
sad by a deputy versed in their languages | complete order. Lawrence colliery at Frack- |
es P yh ' ville will be abandoned because the men struck. |

others, we know, have allied themselves with
labor organizations. Under these circum-

to the Hungarians and Polanders the Sheriff | The mafority of the non-union miners will
ordered the crowd to disperse. The crowd was

stances, we could, we believe, In perfect good

faith, announce that our arbitration agreement

was at an end, but we do not feel that men who

regard their pledges as sacred should be dis-

honored through breach of faith by others

not go to work aa long at the State troops are

at firstobdurate. The Sheriff and his men then | out,
proceeded to Gowen No. 4 stope, dispers- | wtih mn tonnes Due, “ne very much
ing several crowds on (he way. At this stope | Fully 27.000 men and boys now {dle in the
the mules had been stampeded when the boys |
were bringing them out by the rioters and pan-

Our answers to the grievances are given
y's collieries
Schuylkill regions. All political meetings have
re
demonium rel@ned, The mob, however, had

t their action shall be binding upon us
Those identified with labor organizations, hav-
ing by that affillation disqualified themselves
from acting under our arbitration agreement,
are not entitled to vote. Those who are de-
terred from work by acondition for which we

with the understanding that only those
who are working to-day have the right to act
upon thern and with the further understanding
been decla, off until after the strike. (itl-
berton will allow no outside deputies on duty.
Even if there is no attempt to get out the re-

 

are not responsible must be considered as in | ot wind Of the Sher ff's coming and had re- mainder of the Reading company's miners,

a state of voluntary suspension and their votes | treated to the mountains before he arrived, ; the strike leaders aay the battle is won, as the

also must be excluded l he Sheriff’ t to the F present output of anthracite is completely in-

It is our earnest endeavor to advance the | UBOn te Sherifi's return fo the Fern | adequate to the demand, and that the coal-

welfare of our employees wherever agih)-. | Glen store some of the marohers had | carrying companies are doing business now
assembled here and were indulging in | on a ruinous income,

This course, we believe, we have followed in
the past, and we assure you the past can be
regarded as a precedent for the future. The
guestion having arisen as to the possibility of
failure on the part of the two arbitrators chosen
under our mutual compact to agree on the
third arbitrator we have exprer@ed our willing-
ness, which we again confirm, that if they ean-

t agree Archbishop Ryan of Philadelphia,

agreeable to you, shall act in that capacity
We also agree that if any changes be made as
the result of arbitration they shall be effective
as of dite Sept. 15, 1900, that being the date upon
which the committee waited upon us

ashe Vulcan and Buck Mountain collieries
operated by the Mill Creek Coal Company, the
Park Place colliery operated by Ientz & Co.,
and the Lawrence colliery at Mahanoy
Plane, were forced to suspend during the day.
There was some trouble at a washery at Gu.
berton, but outalde of a few assaults it amounted

+0 eke predicti is that 7,000 in th
The on ™m a n the Pan-
ther C Valley will strike {In a few days.
Owing to the falling off in coal mining the tt
Clair repair shop has been closed and it is likely
the one at Palo Alto may also close. If the

riotous demonstrations. As they reiused to
disperse upon (he Sheriff's order to that effect,
he arrested the most ob-treperous, John Bren-
nan, Joseph ( oyle and two others, who refused
to give their names. The four prisoners were
ha ‘douffed, aod temporarily looked in an empty

In the course of the afternoon they were
taken to the county jail at Wilkes-Barre. At
this stage of the proceedings the Sheriff
was informed that Polioemap Cull of McAdoo
was trying to jead another mob to the Gowen
colliery and the Sheriff and posse at once

 

Our answers to ocr urievances are hare. | Started out to capture Cull and his gang, | trouble continues it ts likely that it will affect
inalter sat forth in the order of thair #ibmisaion: | but they had fled and could not be appre- | all of the repels shops, {ncluding Schuylkill

Gruevance No t "That we receive our pay | hended That the men leading thestrikers | Haven and ding, and robably Wa ne
ever’ two weeks.” One answer ie: tn W | were taking avery active interest in the raid | Junction. The ankle of railroad and har
when vou enbmitted 9 liat of wrievances an \"" | was shown by the fact that when the Sheriff | employees to be aff may @xoeed 10,000
others asking for a return to semniemonthic and his posse neare! the top of the mountala |! The labor leaders are lettin things take their
pay we answered be stating that at the time near Nuremberg they saw a short distance | own way now. bey aAy Key will positively
of our resuming monthly payments viz. dite | @bevd @inan who bore a remar.able rexem- | allow no outh and depend entirely upon
IRB. Wwe posted Notices on ovr bulletin ‘boards gence to de i Mite wl, Pre soon of the Mine pearty 9 complete cesration of anthracite mining
advising Sn that all who deaited to'be tid | ANSE auiaylt "and Bia “Iaenutevsoud pet | 1 De followed by arbitration and settlement.
window and thoy would he naid aceordinel, | De #scertained. Others who did not run

We found while we were paving somlemonthis | &¥ay and were met by the pcass on the ton of MEN OF ONE MINE RETURN.
; the mountain were Mother Jones, Organizers

 

 

ipules were tiken out, and the plant will beclovet | lections of a long period of idleness, which re-

that man: of eur o lovew. | not « or
their wares on the re ncaa did Athan for Sophit, Smith aod other labor leader». Cull | pimers of Colliery No. 1 at Treverten Go
ivst Walt of thea month. and” ¢ Wog see onthe distance also and wa~ seen to Back to Work—Shamokin Tied
became *o general we abandoned the system flee over the ling into Bohuylkill counly Hig" - on ene
We nave ate ound that many of the wives of ee neving a. ste linaslens lantak SHAMOKIN, Pa., Sept. 25.—The coal mine
men preferred monthly p nts ani t Na DOS © aie

also some men who said w en! thse penetent nipple guard to mrevent another raid on the | operators are highly pleased that the men of
pete pas ments monthly, being larger sums | vageetene hp ies. . bh iendin eanie North Franklin No. 1 at Treverton. who made

a 0 “4 semi-month so Ghai ; 7 ie eollleries working ereabou - ‘s
ee ee ne nee oh My ened ae Wee day were opereted to-day with the eneeptes such @ strong: effort yesterday to tle up the
that after payday some of our men have Leen | 0! Coleruine, whieh clos «i down, as there were mine, have to-day all returned to work with the
a wet from work. and when asked the reason not suff ent men at haundto operate it. The exosption of eighteen or twenty. Bitter recol-
frankly coufessed they d been cing too
much Fre ri July, fang u a are a ee downindetin tely. Ths same course was pursued | aulted in much suffering a few years ago, have
time, with the exception of Oe grievance filed | &! the Mil Creek (oal Company's collieries at | probably had much to do with the action of the
in 1897, no request has been preferred by any | New Boston. The maniger_o! these collileries | men. he strike leaders here say that to-mor-
of our employees for semi-monthly pay. The | Pad informed his men that if a sufficient num- | row the Locust Spring mine at Locust Gap and
question theretore arises, Is it to the benefit | ber to operate the plan! successfully did not re- | the collieries at Ashland will be tied up by the
of all to have semi-monthly paymenta?  [f, | tur to work by yesterday it would be closed | men refusing to report. District ident
after mature dvjiberation, you decide it ia, we | down, No' a sufficient number for this purpose | John Fahey of the United Mine Workers spoke
will resume semi-monthly payments for all’ did show un yesterday and to-day the collieries | at Locust Gap this evening. A not tare a
employees POUF | were closed down for an indefinit: period cessful attempt Was made to resume work. at

GHIEVANCE No, 2—"That the drivers be | pQmthe Darth side all the Markle and Coxe | the Natalle mine. near Mount Carmel, this
maid every hour they work.” Our noswee | Brothers o iliieries worked to-day, as did Sandy | morning, only a very few men reporting. I

«Pp ip answer | Kun, Pend Creek, Haz'e Brook, Shaft 40, Havie | thie iinmediate region hot a mine ie In spera-

is: The rate of wages paid to drivers in vogue |
on this property for vears is based upon sery
from 7 A. toé6 P.M, in addition to the har-
nessing of their mules in the morning and the
unharnessing and return of them to the stable
at night. It has also been our eusiom, and
we eve this happens a large majority of the
time, that the drivers are through with their
w at 5 o'clock or shortly after, in wheh
full

Mines, Cranberry, Lattimer, Harwood, Gowen
Oneida, Beaver Meadow and the Panther Cree«
collieries, At Sandy Run colliery, o, erated by
M 8 Kemmerer, ths men are so anxious to
work that they held a meeting to let people
know of this fact and pa-sed resolutions
Whereas, We, the employees of MS. Kem-
merer & (o., at Sandy Run, Pa., are practically
unanimous ip our desire to continue work dur-
ing the present strike in the anthracite region,
and were determined to do so until it became

tion

 

FXODUS OF THE MINER’.

 

Clash of Authorities in the Union
Sending Men to Ritaminons Fields
WiILkps-Barre, Pa , Sept 25 —The union coal
strikers here are going to atop the exodus of
their members to the soft coal region, and in this

About

they have been considered as work
day and have received f loompensation™

GRIEVANCR N “that all miners robbin,
‘ig n ) & | impossible to follow the peaceful pursuits
fecmre pay, for ph dead work Our answer lnduate? save at the risk of videnes et effort the counct! of unions of this city and
to buggy arans r T wale us qrievanne refers | destruction of our homes and our employer's | Deig@hborhood has put its foot down on the
roadats breasts will be mpoiied wo robbing ee” | Bice'afive estfore ee lceamnes and the | effort being made to arrange parties of minors
G = We “Thins ‘ * sa of life; th » de | 0 . mi ‘ .
is a scab ty holst th when the slope Resolved, That while we recognia> therightof | fF the bituminous fleld — Incidentally the

that all men waiting
to get up should be hoisted at once reiting
answer is: It is explained to us that this griev-
ance refers particularly to the use of the slo

labor to be organized for mutu | pretectionand | council has very clearly expressed its opinion
to put forth every .egal and bonorabie effort | on the subject to President Mitchell and there

for the improvement of the workingmen's con- . .
pe | dition, we sincerely deplore the present str ke is much “to do” about it The trouble began

  

       

on idle days and when the men who have been , i ;

Y *n | in the anthracite region as being detrimental to | by the arrival here on Sunday of two more
wei in re a tye "ire have left their | the best interests alike of the operators and the | agenta from the soft coal fields The local
work xed se have finished their | miners, and as wantonly infifoting hardships
will be remedie to release the car. This | and suffering on the general pubilo. men refused to give them permission to make

Qaisyaxce io. 8—"That the powder he soften ae That we have no sympathy with | ® canvass of the union men, saying too many
reduaed "0 ie Ge 0 haus ne maten on ’ rike * who fener’ ° er ayevon had gone Weet now and the region was being
; are As the price we are now charging | gard? eotvtolancs against those who re drained of its best men RKebuffed here, the
{ ve, JB per Ree rh mare to Fou we es fuse ’ heir work as un-American. Those @eents went to President Mitchell, received
tap maybe frst“ car nin Stinoyens Hatten g"nmckcr | bie Sprroval of thelr course and came beet
*) ©. 6—"That for every prop | arede re ¢ of censure mee | here to organize,a party for the Weat. They
orga topt, 78 gata shall be pala angel Mae. “Resi a at " take ile occasion to pre- | were very successful and soon had their lists
' ; . sent our enployer, Mr. M. emrerer, the

t ; Cur atwation, a few dare before | surance of our highest regard for him Gok mae be ~~
uetand true and fair and honorable in all his Now the council has asserted that it will
prose dealt not allow President Mitchell to issue such er

tting of your grievances,
tter and Grectee
titecttoe from As 1, at
« ps eigh t feat onder,

thoug Seal emt £m nd, of the vorkings a there
men and that we , eG tion te the over t aoner The’ count no =
2 Re ee A CR Oe me mere NN SE |

L :

  

 

 

| letter to President Mitohell declaring
t is soft coal being shipped to replace an-
te, and every man who Is allowed to Ko

est is but adding his quota to the amount

already ng the of anthracite. 1 ey

eay at a great many miners
ready left and m re are preparing to go he
men, on the other hand, want to go West ey
can get y work and good wages and are
more willing to take their chanoes there than
to wait here for the ending of the strike, It
is estimated that since the strike began about
3,500 men, mostly miners, have left this region

to go to the soft coa
and Wyoming. Parties are leaving
day and more are being formed

The first shipments of coal from the Lehigh
region came to this city to-day, consigned to
some of the large manufacturers, and more are
on the wey here. The strikers here are much
disturbed by this, for they see if it is allowed to
continue that thelr thorough tle-up of the region
will lose much of its effectivencas, An effort
fs being made to interest the railroad train-
men in the matter in the hope that they will
fe use to handle the coal ost of it comes
rom the Markle mines, and large orders have
been sent in

The danger of having to close down the
achools here was avoided to-day by the direc-
tors making a determined effort to get coal and
inducing the Weat End Coal Company to fur-
nish one hundred tons a day and the Lehigh

d Wilkes-Barre ten tons daily until the cel-
ars are stocked. They expect to stock enough
to last for a month or aix weeks. The School
Board also decided to postpone the opening of
the night schools until after the strike as the
boys who work in the mines can go to school
during the day when they are idle.

every

 

 

or more

 

“dav and it was announced that President
Mitchell would be here next Tuesday with
| Mother Jones, Benjamin James, President
Duffy, Fahey and Nichols and several other
speakers A big demonstration is being ar-
ranged . ,

he washerios at No. 7 Stanton, this
city; the North America at Juzerne, and

the Pennsylvania at Mittston worked to-day,
the strikers making no effort te interfere with
the man. A number of special officers were

on guard
e@ West End mine worked with 400 men

of \ts 480. The strikers are making no further
effort to get the men there to strike

Miners in the Lykens Colliery Assaulted.

Harrisarna, Pa, Sept. 26.—-While returning
from work at the Lyvkens colliery last night two

WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2

|

I flelda or the mines in Idaho |

A big meeting of the strikers was held here |

miners were assaulted by a gang of sirikers, |

who stoned the men and cursed them for work-
ing
revolver and fired several shots at
ar 4, whofled Warrants have been issued for
the strikers who atoned the men, but hearing
of this they left town this morning.

No Farther Rise tn Prices Here.

The coal market was dull yesterday owing
principally to the temperate weather. Ketail
rices of all varieties were the aarmne as on Mon-

ay Red ash sold for $725 a ton, white ash,
$6.75: pea, 84.50: buck wheat, $4, and soft coal, $4

‘neof the men named Mumma drew a |
his asaall- |

6, 1900.

CROKER PLANS A BIG TIME:

EXPECTS TO TURN OUT 100,000 PER-
SONS TO WELCOME BRYAN.

There Will Be Meetings in Madison Square
Garden and at Cooper Union—Nebraskan
to Speak at Both, and Also at Various
Points Along the Way Between the Two,
Richard Croker had another meeting last

evening of the Tammany Ratification Come

mittee, which is to manage the Bryan mass

meeting in Madison Square Garden on Ort 16,

and further revealed the plans which he has

formed to make {t a success. Mr. Croker has
decided that one speech by Bryan will not be
enough for the evening, and he has de-
cided to make the Presidential candidate
ride from Madison Square Garden down to

Cooper Union, making speeches all the way.

Mr. Croker intends to have the route lined with

men, and there will be meetings during the

entire evening at practically every cross street
on Fourth avenue, from Twenty-ninth to Bev-
enth. Col. Bryan, after his address at Madison

Square Garden, will make another from a tem-

porary etand at Twenty-third street and Madi-

son avenue, Then he will ride down Fourth
the way, and

avenue, making speeches by
finally end the evening by speaking in Cooper
Union

Mr Croker has given directions that every

one of the meetings must be made a howling
The Garden be jammed with
faituful Tammany men who will atay until the
end of all the speaking, and the district leaders
have been informed that they must have enough
men along the route to be followed by Col
Bryan to make a great demonstration

When the committee met last evening Aasist-
ant District Attorney Unger, the chairman
of the sub-committee on organization, an-
nounced that.it had been decided to lave Fd-
ward M. Bhepard, once a Gold Democrat, but
now,a convert to Bryanisin, act as tem-
porary chairman of the Garden meetiog, and

BLCCO as is tO

introduce Mr. Bryan. Mr. Croker himself
may introduce Mr Shepard. Bryan will be the
first speaker, Hf Stevenson attends he wil
be the second, Then will oome Stanchfiel

and Mackey, who will close the meeting, ‘The
meeting will have 800 vice-presidenta and 400
secretaries, and the seate provided fcr them

| will be the only ones in the Garden that will

| 1896 the audience got tired of Col

President Murphy of the Health Board gave |

ap ord r yesterday that every in

apecter in the
department be detailed to watch

or violations

be reserved, All the rest of the great buildin

will be opened at 6 o'clock to the public ane
as many as Can getin will be admitted with-
out tickets The speaking will begin at
§ o'clock Jtly and no one will bempp
allowed to leave until it is finished, because in
Bryan's talk
go early in bis speech that it began to eo awa
and the building was half empty when he anced

) Mr. Croker is not going to allow anything of this

of the sanitary code resulting from the use of |

solt coal.

THE AUTCHINSONS LIVE APART

Aged Wife Alone at the Park Avenue—Her
Young Actor-Hasband Keeps Away.

The y@une actor-husband of Mrs. Willard
Hutchison, 78 veara old and
according to report, is not
her at the Park Avenue Hotel,
Hutehinaon has been staying for «a month
He is reported to have been seen recently on
Broadway in the evening, thoroughly enjJoy-
ing himself, but he does not visit his aged wife
It is said that they are estranged. Mra. Hutch-
inson refused yesterday to see reporters
Hutchinson, who is only 22 veara old and
passes for an actor, married his wife last Feb-
Piary. She was then Mrs. Cornelius B. Marco
she was married to Marco in 1804 He was
voung, too, and when he did not act to suit her
she got a divorce. Twice before this she had
been married and divorced. After she married
Hutchinson he said that she had settled all her
money on him, She had at least enough left
; to live at the Park Avenue Hotel and to pay
{ her own bills. She lived at the Park Avenne
previous to her last marriage. After that
| event she left the hotel with her vounge hus-
band. When she returned a month ago she
was alone. She offered no explanation as to
the young

rich, living with

man's disappearance. She is in
ood health and seemingly unmindful of her
lonesome state

 

 

PHONOGRAPH MEN TO SUE EDISON,
They Charge That He Signed Away Terrt-

tortal Rights Wrongfally to Others.
CINCINNATI, Sept The National Phono-

2%

The | graph Association met at the Burnet House, 100

members representing thirty-two phonograph
companies of the United States being pres-
ent, and took steps toward bringing suits
to enjoin Thomas A. Edison from further al-

lewed breaches of contract in selling
; to others territorial righte which
they assert he sold to them in

1888, and which contracts do not expire, they
claims, until! 1903. Suits for damages against
Mr Edisonand foranaccounting of the machines
and territory so disposed of were also arranged
for The following officers were elected

President, A Ww Clancey, Chicago Vice-Presi-
dent, R ( Kinead, Jouisville: Secretary, J |
Andem, Cincinnati; Treasurer, E. D Faston,
Washington.

ORITUARY.

Watts Cooke, head of the Passaic Rolling Mill
Company, died yesterday morning at Wyckoff,
N. J. He was 67 years old. Mr. Cooke went
to Paterson, N. J., with his family in 1839
learned the business of locomotive building at
the Rogers Locomotive Works, and went thence
to Scranton, Pa., and became the master me-
chanic at the shops of the Delaware, Lacka-
wanna and Western Railroad. In 1868 he re-
turned to Paterson and founded the Passaic
Rolling Mill Company

Alexander Huston, a bualer in the Light
Brigade at Balaklava, died at his home at Laurel
Hil, L. I., on Sunday and waa buried yesterday
in Mount Olivet Cemetery, Maspeth. tle was
a9 years old. Before serving in the Crimean
War Huston participated in the Canadian rebel-
Mon, He alan saw service in the West Indies
and at (iibraltar. fluston remained in
service until 1556, and the English Government
gave him a pension

John W. Hotten of Stamford, Conn., dropped
dead in that place yesterday on Atlantic street,
the principal business street in the city. He

died of heart disease He was about 70 years
old and was a well-known citizen

M. Louis Ratisbonne, a well-known French |

poet, died yesterday.

Premier Marchand of Quebec Dead.

Quvesec, Sept. 25.—Premier Marchand
died here to-night after a long illness. Ha
was born in St. John's 70 years ago. He was
Colonel of volunteers, commanding a reg-
iment in repelling the Fenian  tnva- |
ation of Canada in 1906, and had

been a member of the Provincial Legislature
since confederation in 1867. He became Premier
of Quebec in 1804, He will be buried in St.
John's and have a state funeral Tis successor
will pr lv be Mr. Robidoux o
professy  fjaw in MoGilll University

The Weather.

The storm which was central over the Dakotas |
on Monday moved northeastward Into Canada to the |

north of Lake Superior, High winds continued to
biow in the,Upper Mississipp! Valley and the upper
Lake regions. Rain was falling inthe Dakotas and
snow in Montana: elsewhere the weather was fair

The pressure remained high tn the Atlantle States

with the centre over New York and'ower New England
The temperature was 10 to 20 degrees lower in
Nebraska, Wyoming and Montana and was from 2
to 6 degrees below freezing potnt in these Statea
It was warmer in the Central States. ,

Im this city the dey was fatr and sihghtly warmer:
wind light to fresh, shifting from north In the morn
tng to southeast In ‘se afternoon: avernge humidity
54 per cent.; barometer, corrected to read to sea level
ath A. M., 30.20; 3 P. M., 30.26.

The temperature as recorded by the official! ther-
mometer, and aiso by THE SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown in the annexed table:

—OMeial—~ Sun's} —OMeai—~ Sun's.

1900, 1898. 1900. W000, 1898. 1900
9A. M.67° “0 67° #P. M..72° Te 72°
12M 72° 72° 70°; @ P. M..67° 69° 67
3 P. M..72° 7" 73° 12 Mid.. 65° 6a° “7°

WASN INGTON FORECAST FOR TODAY AND TO
, MORROW

For eastern Pennsylvania and eastern New York,
fatr, warmer today; to-morrow fair fresh south to
southwest winds.

For New Jersey, fair today,
to-morrow fair; freah south winds.

For New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island and Connecticut, fair, warmer to day;
to morrow fair; winds mostly fresh south,

For western New York, fair today, warmer in
eastern portion; to-morrow fair, colder in western
portion; fresh south to west winds.

Por western Pennsylvania and Obio, fair, con
tinued warm today; to-morrow fair, colder; freak
south to west winds

EE rere

warmer in interior;

Montreal, a |

kind to happen this year

There are to be dozens of bands scattered
between Madison Square and Cooper Union
The Sixty-ninth Regiment Band will furnish
the music in the Garden The amphitheatre
is to be decorated with electric ligla@, bunting
and the State coat of arms, and the crowds
which Mr, Croker intends to have all the way

| down to Cooner Union will be illuminated with

immensely |

where Mrs, |
| the o-tdoor meetings there will

| he sent to

He |

| settled

| dent

the |

   

irre

fifty searen ighta and stereopticons set on the
roofs of adjacent bui'dings The search {alts
will be fitred wii colored = siidea and
the stereopticons will throw terse Demoecritio

phrases on the wails of the bulidings. Atall of
be Tammany
apelibinders and fireworks

At the meeting of the committee last evening
it was suewested that it might be a gor hing
to hold an Italian meeting and a Gertnun meet-

{ng,. but Mr Croker sit on thia He
made « speech ino which he said that
‘ wreeting to Bryan was to be given

by all of the Democrats of New York and not

by those of any particular nationality, and that |

he was sure it would be better to have no class
meetings of any kind. The crowds at the
Garden will be managed by 350 ushers, ten
from each Assembly district, all under the
direction of Frank G Rinn) They will see
that as many as possible get seats. The rule
of firat come first served will be followed

The cominittee added to its numbers Dr
John HH Girdner, a warm friend to Bryan;
Patrick J Egan, Patrick Ford. A, M Downes,
secretary to the Mavor, Willis Holly, secretary
of the Park Department; Louis Rodriguez, as
A representative of the Cubans
tonio Zucea and John P. Kenny All of them
will have to work to make the meeting a #uc-
cess

It has been fleured out that every election
diatricteapta ninTammany Hall ought to beable
to send af lea-t twents relahle men who will
obe. orders to swell the crowds on the night
of the meeting. This would result in the gather-
ing of 16.000 men on whom absolute reliance
could be placed. A good part of these men would
the Garden and Cooper Union
to make sure that there would be permanent
audiences at those two places. Others would
be kept along Col. Bryan's route. Mr. Croker
confidently expects that there will be 16.000
versone in the Garden, 30.000 in the streets ad-
acent to it, and at least 60,000 in Fourth avenue
and the cross streets in which meetings are
to be held

It is expected that Bryan willstav at the Vic-
toria Hotel, which has offered to reserve for
him the rooms formerly occupied by President
Cleveland

 

LABOR LEADER FOR M'KINLEY.

President Shaafer of the Amalgamated Asso-
olation Resigns to Stamp for the Kepublicans.

Pirrssvna, Pa, Sept, 26-- President Theo-
dore Shaafer of the Amalgamated Association
of Iron, Steel and Tin Workers has resigned
bis office ase head of the organigation and will
take the stump for McKinley and Roosevelt. Mr

Shaafer has tendered his services to C. W. F.
Dick of the Ohio peuen an Executive Com-
mittee Mr Shaafer handed his resignation to
Secretary John Wiliams at the conclusion of the
Cincinnati conference on Sunday morning, after
the long conflict regarding the wage scale of
puddlers and bar iron workers had been finally
The Executive Committee of the asso-
clation will meet this week to choose a successor
Mr Shaafer, sneaking of his resienition, said

“It was my intention to take a long rest and
then go back to the mill. The Youngatown
Vindicator has announced in glaring head
lines that I am for William J. Bryan for Presi-
and that I will work and vote for him
‘This has caused me to alter my plans. To-
night I offered my services to Chairman Dick,
and inasmuch asin me liea [ will do all in my
ower to secure the reelection of William
McKinley. I[ will go wherever the committee
thinks I can do good. I am for the succese of
the Republican ticket, believing that in it lies
the hope of the American workingman,”

Assemb!y Nomination.

Wayne County—Frederick Winter GriMth, Repub
Hean, renominated.

 

Every day adds to the list of deaths
attributed to heart failure. If the
truth were told the bulk of these
deaths might be written down as due
to stomach failuve. For it is in the
failure of the stomach and other organs
of digestion and nutrition, that "weak ”
heart, " weak” lungs, " weak ” nerves and
other forms of phiysicial deterioration
having their beginning. The man whose
stomach is sound, we can digest and
assimilate the food he eats, and so kee
each organ of the body well nourished,
is the man who is least liable to collapse
under the sudden weakness of some
vital organ.

The preservation of health which fol-
lows the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery, is chiefly due to the
fact that it perfectly and permanently
cures diseases of the stomach and organs
of digestion and nutrition, purifies the
blood and increases the blood supply of
the body. Weak people will find in this
medicine @ sure means of strength.

"I was under doctors’ care for quite a time,”
writes Mr F. Kidd, of Parmleysville, Wayne
Co, Ky They had almost given me up, and
my suffering was very great.) My pulse was
weak, breath short and | had severe poins in
back, head and legs. Had palpitation of heart,
and for eleven months I was not able to do a
day s work I purchased five bottles of Dr. KR. V.

Pierce's Goiden Medioal Discovery and by the
lime the filth Lottie was gone I wede well van.*

Dr. Pierce's Pellets regulate the liver.

Coroner Ane |

ee

  

    

EST &CO

 

Nothing i
important tha
their bodies.

in every instance, uot merel

important element of perfect fit
individua) child—something you are certain
Insured by incomparably the largest variety of tex

here.

tures, styles and sizes carried by any co

 
    

 

  

Children’s

Underwear 8 Hosiery.

n the outfitting of Children is more vitaYty
n selection of the clothing worn next
Both health and comfort require attention

to the material, but to the
and exact adaptation to the
tain of finding

neern in the

United States, and at the lowest prices.
FALL AND WINTER UNDERWEAR.

Ribbed Goods,
Linen Mesh.

Combination Suite.
Cartwright & Warner’s.

White and Natural Wool—Silk and Wool.
Misses’ and Children’s Equestrian Tights.
Misses’ and Children’s Chamois Vests.

HOSIERY.
Cotton, Wool, Silk and Cashmere— Plain and Rib-
bed—Light and Heavy Weights—3-4 and Long
Hose to match shoes and dresses— Wool Hose with
cotton feet—Youths’ Cotton and Wool Sox—Golf

and Bicyole Hose—
SPECIAL

Excellent School Stockings for Boys
and Girls, ago. pair—all sixes.

GLOVES.
Special attention is given to the selection of the proper sking,
fit and colors for our kid gloves—lined and unlined—for street and
evening wear—wide and slender hands—short and long fingers.

Lined Gloves and Mittens—Wool and Cashmere
Gloves—Silk— Silk and Wool and Angora Mittene—
Scotch Wool Gloves—Golf Gloves—Driving Gloves,
etc. Wool Mittens, rgc. up. Wool Gloves, 33¢. Up.

 

BRYAN STARTS OUT TO-DAY,

60-62 West 23d Street.

 

REPUBLICAN RALLY IN JERSBY.

 

Begins 9 Tour Tsct Will Last Untt! Nev, 2 | Frederic P. Olcott Presides at am Enthastastio

—~Commitieeman Dah'man's Estimate.

LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 26..-Dusty but cheerful,
Mr. Bryan arrived home this morning. He re-
pulsed the efforts of the hackmen to induce bim
to choose between them and swinging himself
ona street carrode tohshome. He was ac-
companied by Eugene Smith, who has charge of
the Populist national headquarters at ( hicago,
and National Committeeman Dahiman of Ne-
braska.

“There was nothing about my trip to excite
any publiccomment,'’ said Mr. Bryan. “Isimply
had some time to spare, the committee wanted
to talk over matters with me, and as it was
easier formeto go to the committee than to
have the committee come to me, I went. My
itinerary has not been materially changed, I
start out again to-morrow and swiig around
by the northwest to Chicago again, thence Fast.
The itinerary will be announe dfrom Chivago."’

As the car came up the main street of the city
some one called hia attention to the dilapidated
condition of the new banner, which bears the
pictures of Bryan and Stevenson, and a legend,
“Save the Republic." Yesterday there was a
windstorm of some violence and for a time the
Democrats were compelled to abstain from theic
work of saving the republio in order to save
the banner vr. Bryan's picture was almost
rippe 1 off, and one of /:ls first iabors tc-day was
in seeing that it was restored

Eugene Smith will accompany Mr. Bryan
through the States of South Dakota, North
Dakota, Minnesota and Wisconsin as the re
resentative of the Populist Nation il Commit-
tee For the next three days Mr Bryan will
be the Populist nominee for President, talking
petore Populist audiences in former Populist

tates

Committee Dahlman will accompany r.
Bryan on the entire trip. He insists that the

ly to talk over
e considers it

meeting at Chicago was sim
general campaign affairs. B
certain that Bryan will carry New York, Mary-
land, Kansas, Indiana and Kentucky, and
orobable that he will lose Wyoming, South
Dakota and Washington. This will leave him
with 235 votes, or eleven more than are neces-
ary. Mr. Bryan's election, he said, is certain
It will only be a question of majority.

Chairman Hall of the Democratic State Com-
mittee said to-day: “Bryan will not lose Ne-
braska. His majority will be somewhat larger
than before, but it will probably not go above
15,000. There has been considerable shifting
about, a loss here and a gain there, but Bryan
has not lost by these change. Our committee
reports show a loss among the stockmen, who
are getting better prices for their catule and
sheep, and some farmers have left us on the
prosperity issue. On the other hand, we have
gained materially among the workingmen and
the foreign-born voters. Roosevelt's viait will
do the Republicans no good. He will have big
crowds, but the only effect will be to make the
campaign a little warmer.”

Mr. Bryan leaves at noon to-morrow for Ne-
braska City to deliver @ speech on trus
there he goes to South Dakota and will not re-
turn to Lineoln until Nov, 2

MOORFIELD STOREY FOR CONGRESS.

Anti-Imperialists of the Eleventh Massacha-
setts District Wish Him to Ren,

Boston, Sept. 25.~Moorfleld Storey ts heing
urged by his “anti-iniperialist” friends to run as
an independent candidate for Congress in the
Kleventh or Newton district. A meeting will
be held at Young's to-1.orrow afternoon under
the auspices of the “independent voters.” The
call, which is for a moeting “to consider the
expediency of making an independent nomi-
nation for Congress,” is siened by Winslow
Warren, formerly: Collector of the Port of
Roaton; Edward Atkinson and Jerome Jones

The ao nomination in this district
undoubt mh go to Samuel L. Powers of
Newton e Democratic caucuses will not
be held until Wednesday and Thursday of this
week and probably their Congress delegations
will be unpledged. There is no Democrat

articularly desirous of the gomination tt
aed been supposed that it would go to William
H_ Baker of Newton, who ran two years ago

 

Hadson County Democratic Primaries.
The Democrats of Hudson county, N. J., held
their primaries yesterday. They were what
are called open primaries and the voter casi his
ballot for the ca didate directly. The only
Independent candidate was Mayor Edward
Kenny of Fast Newark, who sought the nom!-

nation for State Senator to fill the vacancy |

created by the resignation of Allan L. MeDer-
mott The candidates named
Executive Committee were placed in nomina-

tion hey are as follows:
For Congressman, Allan L. McDermott; for

State Senator, Robert 8. Hudepeth; for .
biymen, Maurice Marka, eorge e Ter eaat F
A ennin, John A.

Oathoay Brock, “oe A f

ellers, atric onnoliy, Leon Ab-
bett, John J. Fallon, Peter “Sullwell
Kilian Vo Lutz ang Fdward J. fos; for
Fre holders, Michael B. Holmes, William J.

Moran, |ouls L. Finke, James Billington, Jvcob

J. Kelly, Jacob E. W. Kuper, John F. Nolan
George W. Capron sal Patrick Nugent for
Coroners, William N. Paraslow and Stephen F

Wyse

 

Farquhar Will Decline With Thanks.

York, Pa., Sept. 25.—A. B. Farquhar of this
city bas the offer of the nomination for the
Presidency of th» United States on the Nationa!

rarty ticket. He will decline the nomination,
and gives as his reason his dutlesat home. The
tender of the nomination was made from the
headquarters of the Exeoutve Committee of
the National party at Boston, Senator Caffery
of Louisiana, who was nomirated at the con-
vention in New York on Rept. 5, having de-
clined to ferve on the ticket,

 

Hill te Speak in Massachusetts.

NORTH ADAMS, Mass., Sept. 26.--The Denio-
cratic Club of North Adams reoeived word
from former Senator David B. Hill, accepting
the club's invitation to*peek in this city He
will address @ rally some evening during the
week of Oct. Sand the occasion will be one of
the notable events of the campaign in thi« city
Mr. Hil! will be the guest of Robert Treat Paine
Jr, the Democratic Club and the Democratic
City Committee

To Cure a Cold ta One Day

Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug-
be
und \ wee, K iy tale fo cure. BR «

. From |

|
|

 

by. the County |

|

 
  

 

|
|
{
i

Meeting at Bernardsville,

BrRNARDSVILLE, N. J., Sept, 26.—The Ber-
nards Township Republican Club had an en-
thusiastic open air banner raising and ratifica-
tion meeting here to-night. Fireworks, a
brass band and a large crowd. made the oc-
casion a lively one. Frederic P. Oloott, Preal-
dant of the Central ‘Qrust Company of New
York, formerly a well-known Democrat, pre-
sided. The meeting was addressed by Staie
Senator Mahlon Pitney of Morristown and bry
Judge J. W. Jones of Indiana.

Among the prominent men on the platform
were Edwin Lewis, a well-known gold Democrat:
fl. J. Davis, President of the Republican elub:
E. HH. Schley, J. F. Dryden, elector-at-large
and Grant Schley. Mr. Pitney spoke at length
of the position of the Democratic party on the
trust question. He said, in substance

“The Democratic party must confess that
every scheme of theirs {n 1806 for the bettering
of the laboring man and for the increase of
national prosperity is to-day false and foolish
They assail the trust, but they do not define
it, nor do they say how they will control the
abuses of the so-called trust corporations
In 1802 Mr. Cleveland and his party with full

ower did nothing to do away with the truat

eo trust is an unsolvable problem. Lawful
combinations are and always will be under
sent out politi-

protection of the law
vania to stir up the

. Democratic part
eal agitators in Pennsy
strikes among the miners to make a campaign
issue, Bryan stands for State socialism, the
biggest political trust of the age”

page Jones said that imperialism never
could n important issue with the American
people he character of the American was
oo sound. He discussed the free silver plank
in the Democratic platform, declaring that
that question was the amount issue of the
oa. ign, and set forth the evils to the peaple
in the cheapening of the American dol

 

CROWD AT CAMP M'KINIEY.

Andrew Colvin of Albany Has a Word to Say
of the Issues.

The principal speaker at the mass meeting
held at Camp McKinley, 125th street and Sev-
enth avenue, last evening was Andrew Colvin
of Albany. The big tent was crowded and Mr
Colvin, who spoke nearly an hour, kept his

hearers at a high pitch of enthusiasm. He re-
ferred to the various issues that had been
raised by the Demoorats, but declared that
the real issue of the present campaign was the
selection of the wiser and safer of two
men to whom shall be entrusted the Chief
Magistracy of the Nation for the next four
years,

“It is not for either party or ite managers,”
said Mr.Colvin, “to say what is the paramount
{asue, the most important question, that we
have to deal with in this campaign. It is the
intelligent American voter who will decide
this for himself after a careful examination
of the whole situation, and there can be_no
question as to what his decision will be. The
areat, overshadowing question in this campaign
the one which dwarfs all others in its import-
ance; the one upon which turns prosperity
or disaster to the nation is the same question
which is paramount in your business and mine:
in every business of the country; in every walk
of life: it is the question of individualism; the
issue between McKinleyism and Bryanism,
me issue between the two men, McKinley and

ryan,

TO TURN DOWN CHANLER?

 

 

Tammany Said to Have Had Enough of the
Young Congressman.

The Hon. Richard Croker is looking for a
chance to turn down Congressman William
Astor Chanler of the Fourteenth district. Mr.
Croker wants to do this because he believes that

Congressman, Chanler is un, rateful. te am
“hanler ran in 1 against Lemuel E.
and as a war hero. Soon after he was eukss
he informed a large number of his friends pub-
licly that he did not consider himself to be at_all
indebted to Mr. Croker for his election. r
Croker thinks that he had something to do with
the young man's advancement, Now the Dem-
ocrate up in Mr. Chanler's district are all m i.
ing lond complaints about him. They say that
in 1899 he did not assist them in the gampelgn
for Assemblymen and Aldermen, and that he
has paid no attention to their wants and has not
consulted them at all. The Republicans in the
Fourteenth say that {t doesn't make much dif-
erence whom Tammany nominates up there,
use the Hon. William H. Douglas, who was
aelected by the Republicans as their candidate
is going to be elected anyhow. Mr. Douglas
is putting up a red-hot campaign and is conte
dent of success

~ “DAINTY FOOD”
Turns Pale Checks to Pink.

Our best physicians of the present day seek
to oure patients by the use of food, rather than
heavy drugs, and this is the true method, for
all physicians agree that only from food can the
body be rebuilt.

Many people fail to give their physicians
credit, for after living on poorly selected or
badly ccoked food for a long time, perhaps, and
when their ailments become chronic, they ex-
pect the Doctor, with some magic potenay, to
instantly rebuild them

This is not possible. The only true method
is to turn as quickly a# can be, from poor food
to good. A young lady, Mies Alice Hendricka,
emploved at thecorner of Fourth and Race
streets, Cincinnati, O. saya: ‘I was variously
treated for my nerves, muscles, lungs, etc, But
none of the treatment gave me relief from the
palns
‘About a year ogo my apnetite failed com-
piorey and | began to have sinking spelis eimi-
ar to fainting, then 1 took all manner of tonics
and stimulants, but they wire .f no effect. |

ad been brought to quil drinking coffer and
taking Postum Food ‘offee in its place, and
gradually began to get a littie better,

, Someone sugeested that if | found Postum
Food Coffee «o beneficial | had be!ter use
Grane-Nuts food, as they wore both the chi-
dren of one brain. I commenced on Grape-
Nuts food for breakfast, having Postum Food
Coffees with it. Ttound the food so dainty, de-
licious, «nd appetizing that | always looked for-
ward to breakfest with pleasur

“Shortly after comme cing this diet, inp
wret hed pain in the tide Was greatly improved,
and now, a year later, Ithas gone en'irely, al
the sinking spells, in fact, inv pale cheeks bave
changed to pink, I bave wgineu back m re than
the twenty pourd: ‘Ose \and am 5
wellin every wy. do

    

a

iy