a

   

ne ree

—w ater . ~-

  

HILL OPENS THE CAMPAIGN
ron 58 mE

 

 

Jobn B, Stanchfeld Introduces Him at Elmira
With An Address On State Isave—''We
Mest Unite’ is Hill's Battle Cry~He Ap
pears ase Pronounced ‘'Ant!-Impertaltet,”’
Denounces Government by Injanction,
eyes That Bryan Is the Friend of the
People and That S‘anchfeld ts Not Croker's
Man—Bhen Declares That the Liberties of
New York Ave tn Peril From Concentra-
thon of Power at Albany, That State Fix
travagance Is Growing and That the Low
Tex Hate Hides Heavy Berrowlug.
Fumina, N. Y., Sept. 25. Devid B. Hill de- |

livered here to-night a speech w hich he entitles |

“A Speech at the Opening of the Demoocratic |

Campaign in the State of New York.’ John

B. Stanchfield, the Democratic candidate for

Governor, presided at the meeting, ¥ hich was

held at the Lyceum Theatre. ln introducing

Mr. Hill, Mr. Stanchfleld made a brief address,

accepting the nomination for Governor and

outlining his views on national and State issues,

Later he proposes to issue an extended address

dealing especially with trusts and imperialism.

His epeec!) to-night was as follows

“Citizens of Elmira: I avail myself of this |

opportunity to extend to you, and through |
794 to the people of the Stave, my acecptance
°

nomination for Governor tendered to

the Democratic convention at Saratoga
Domination was in no sense of my see kina, ;
while entertaining a keen appreciauon

the high honor from aparty standpoint,
7 more free to convey to the electors of |

the State my views on current issues,

far as national questions are involved,

I for the principles of Democracy en-
undated in the platform adopted at Kansas |
City, In State affaira I stand for the policies |
t forth in the Democratic State platform, |
t ia of primary {mportance that the expenses |
of the State Administration be reduced and a |
icy of retrenchment inaugurated t) the end
That real estate may be ratably relieved from
ite disporportionate share of the burden of

 

tagation. The system of government by
commission that has grown so rapidly under |
Republican rule is not only calculated largely
to Increase the cost of government, but it
eaps the vitality and weakens the principle
of local government, [t cost $274,562.10 to

collect the excise tax for the year iso, this
ought to be done through the Comptroller's
D tment with the assistance of local ofM-

The disposal of other neediess depart

mente that have grown up in hostility to the
principle of home rule would prove a great
éaving in money to the people. I sincerely
that the centralization of power at

bany and the government of the State at

| from that point, to the exclusion of the
voloe of thé locality, is net only an innovation, ,
but fraught with danger, |
“The welfare of the State asa whole demands
the unconditionai repeal of the so-called Kamapo |
legialation, passed in 1805. This measure vas
conosl ved n fraud, tampered within committee |
and cane forth a menace to the people of
the whole State. It is not, in the lanwuage of |
my opponent, merely “remedial legisiation” |
that ia required, but summary repea While |
thie law remains in the statutes of the State |

the, waters of every locality are in jeopardy

‘Two years ao the people of the State were |
romixed that the rilllions reported to have
)aem dissipated, squandered and stolen in the

so-called iniprovement of our canals should be
reeovered. and the transgressors brought to |
Justice Not a dollar has been restored nor

@ thief punished. Nay, more, millions of doliare |
of claims are pending un!iquidated for dama |
consequent upon improper work Some da}
the Augvuan stables shall be cleansed and justice
ne a betrayed and plindered people Wa
avor the maintenance of the canal and its
immprovernent in honest and competent hand. |
{fo accordance with what shall appear under
careful investigation (© be the needs and re-

quirements of the people of the State
A franchise tax cought long ago to have been

 

 

enacted. Those who enjoy public privileges
nd@ gain an income from the beetowal of pubue |
favors to whieh gti the people contribute

!
of right to share their profits with the

ought
hand that bestowed the grant. They

enjoy

t otection of the law in time of need, and,
6 ng by favor of the people, ought to de
their full sharefor the people. The existing

law may well be strengthened, improved and
hified
ea dignification of labor by a place in the
} Cabinet upon an equal footlng with |
# the other departments, aa called for by the |
eratic national platform, is a commende |
atile step in favor of the men who toil, IT be |
lieve that in every State che duty fa Imperative
f so leglating {n the Interests of labor as to
Tnave no legal distinction tn favor of the em-
loyer as against the employee
ecténg those who labor is pregnant with |
udictal refinement and nicety of distinc. |
m that have come from long years of Judicial |
. The cobwebs ought to be brushed
awey, and an intelligent, fiir and honest em-
DP! # ilability bill passed, so clear and con-
ita phraseology as will enable both em-
ployer and employed to understand Ita stgnifi- |
canca, and thus do away with the delay and |

The present

gt a incident to our present law |
° a igence
“fT cannot refrain from expressing mv sym-

hy with the condition of the old soldier,

veterans of the Rebellion are rapidly pass-
ing away, Their heroism contributed to the
preservation of State and ration, and created
a t far in excess of what we shall ever be
ble to pay The laws passed in their behalf
Rave been wilfully violated to make places
for poltical parasites and Civil Service laws |

emasculated by the Republican party to aid |
in the consummation of this injustice. Every
eeldier improperly discharged from publio |

_ in violation of the laws passed for
protection should be immediately rein-
stared,

“In conclusion, | shall irrevocably stand for
a clean and honest administration. No man
or set of men holds fromm me any promise, ex-
ress or implied, as to the course to be pursued
n the event of success, As a lawyer and aad
voeate, | have eapoused the cause of the rich
and the poor, the popular and the unpopular,
As a District Attorney, 1 have earnestly en-
deavored property to care for the interests
of the people; as a Mayor, the city's interest
war mine; as a legisiator, | voted for what 1
believed to be right, unawed by party power.
If | am elected Governor 1 shall follow the die-
tates of my own judgment, unhampered by
any one, and 1 oan assure the people of the
State thatin name andreality the city of Albany
will be the seat of government,”

Mr. Stanchfleld then introduced Mr. Hill.
At the outse! Mr Hil! said

‘Our opponents obtained power four years
ag@o by unfair appeals to the triotlam and
fears of the American people Taking advane |
tages of the Ll-con-idered utterances of a very
few indiscreet champions of the Democratic
cause, they falsely charged the whole party
with being in league with Anarchists and re-
pudiaters, end appealed to patriotic Dem-
oeratic partisans to place ‘country above party’
and thereby save the nation from impending
disaster. Their specious appeals were not
without effect he people intrusted them
with power only to soon discover that they
bad been betrayed. Instead of a victory for
the people it was proclalined as a strictly
partisan tefunyph and Republican leaders,
throwing off disguises, proceeded to in
tremoch their party in power and to legislate
upon partisan lines.”

As instances of this partisan legislation
Mr, Hill referred to the tariff measure passed
at the special session of Congress, the act of
June, 1898, for the coinage of at least 1,500,000
standard silver dollars 1 month, and the de.ay
in ing a financial bill, This bi!l he criticised
as follows

“Tho first section purports to establish the
single gold standard and the remaining sections
Proceed to take it back. 1 will simply say in
Possing that property there cai be no such
Wing as a single standard of money uniess
that established standard is made the final
money of redemption of all other authorized |

|

 

kinds of money: and their much-vaunted finan-
clal bill carefully omitea that necessary provia-
jon, and in truth and In fact the situation of
the currency of the country was left substan-
tially as it existed before any such bill was

e ed
“Greater questions than finance, Mr. Hill went

 

 

Of, are NOW engrossing public attention. He
put “hnperialiam® first of these and anid:
“There are «ie things ao plain that they
ought not to isputed, and among them are
these:
“Firet-—-That 'hisis agovernment by the peao-

ple, embodied in a union of Slutea, and based
upon the vwonsent of the governed
“Becond —C on quest oe agerandizement are
repugnant to the genius of our free institutions,
andLoannot be sanctioned
rd—There is no piacefor American colo-
Miesunder our Constitution
The Supreme Court of the’ United States
has already decided the constitutional ques.
tion involved, and held (16 Howard, 898-447)
that’ ‘there is no power given by the Consticu-
tion to establish or maintain colonies, border-
ing on the United States or at a distance, to
be ruled and governed at its own pleasure.’
The Spanish war was not undertaken by
is Government for conquest or aggrandize-
ent, but we interfered in Cuba in behalf of
e cause of humanity and civilization. When
‘miral Dewey with his gallant fleet sailed
‘o Manila harbor he waa there to fight ib:
inish, and not the Filipinos, the latte: havin
me time been engaged in fighuing tt
anish, and it was that vary statue that
teed our Government to hegin offensive
eretions in that country. We had no quart:
with the Pillpinos: on the contrary our evr
pathies were with them in their heroic struc
gie to free thamealer. frem the dominatior
Spain in which ther were alread: near)
coemsfu) We lnierferred to cripple spain be
mae ras fighting the Cubans and fig

 

 

“When victory fine!lv came and &pa
t 1 ? Ain Was
ere in Cuba, what, then, bax ame the duty
2 his Government? We had already de-
i What grould he done with Cuba, to wit,
ve the rernmeant and control of the

| struction of the Boer Republic

| that what was objected to was the abuse of

   

 
   

oa Ot em we +

 
 

 

re bay
slands and their

orary provisions for
e found to be necessary owl
oullar ait mn. But instead of that course
the Administration determined to annex the
Phillppines to he United Ntates, claiming to

 

pursued with the Phitippine
ple, Diet to such tem-

oir protection as might
to their pe-

do so partly by the right of conquest and partly
by purchase. This false step has been the
cause of all the difficulties which have since
arisen. Neither of the claims was morally
tenable, because in the first place we had not
in fact conquered the Philippine Islands, and
in the second place, while Spain tech
nieally retained its sovereignty, it had virtu-
ally lost control of the islands, and had really
nothing to sell. We should have dealt for the
islands with the Filipinos if we were to deal at
all. Wo could not safely or honorably ilanore
them, and their rights should have ben formally
ascertained and respected. Our attitude neo-

essarily led to a conflict of arms It
was inevitable 1? was no answer two
their natural demand for lideper ence
and self-government that we would ally

do what was right by them, becaure they were
entitled at the outset to an explicit assurance
of the nature of our ultimate intentions

they were to be allowed the privilege of governing
themselves, in case they exhibited evidences of
their capacity therefor, that distinct announce
ment should have been rnade. Our national
honor demanded it. Instead of that, the Ad-
ministration caused this Government to aas~
sume the role of a conqueror sad a purchaser,
and refused to recognize the Filipinos aa en-
titled to any rights except such as a conqueror
or purchaser migh. onfer, This was the fundé-
mental error undeslying the whole miserable

buriness, This was not an American polley
it was a British policy; it was & mistaken policy,
and the people of the country have been la-
menting it ever since,

Our national pledge was given that we |
would not annex Cuba after we had driven
Spain from the island, and yet afterward we
proceeded to annex falands situate on the other
side of the globe which are many times as exe |
tensive as Cuba, anc which contain six times
“as many people This was a retlection upon
our original professions of unselfishness which
was discreditable to any administration te

sides, {t furnished an unworthy example to |
other nations, The dental of independence
to the Filipinos gratified monarchial govern- }

afforded

ments everywhere, but no satisfie-
tion to the true friends of republican institu.
tions: and it is evident that our conduct in the
Philippine matter pavedthe way for Britt h ne-
greasionsinSouth Africa and thestubsequent de
The people cannot

 

| have forgotten that President McKinley hin-
self said shortly before the declaration of war
that ‘under the American code of morals a
war for annexation would be erir |
inal aggression’ ,If the taking of

 

Philippines was not ‘criminal aggression,’
der the remarkable circumstances under which
they were acquired, it is diMe ut to under-
stand what that term signifies As against
the native inhabitants, we took the telands b
force, and have since held therm by force The
were not parties to any treaty with us rhe
spectacle is thus presented before the world |
of millions of people deprived of their inde-
pendence by she greatest of republics and
annexed to that republic against their will
in violation of all our well-settied theories of
government
“It may safely be affirmed that the pro-

   

ramme of the national Administration {9
hat these new possessions are not to be formed |
into States nor admitted into the Union, be-

cause their people are not adapted for state-
hood, but these possessions are to be held
as American colonies and governed by Con- |

gress according to fits sole diseretion and out~ |
side of the provisions of the Constitotion [
daclare that this determination is subversive
of the nature of our Government as our fore-
fathers intended it. The people should under-
stand the ft ectof whatis contemplated
A colonial system will prove costly and danger-

 
  

 

} ous, It means an iinmense standing army
for veara to core; it means higher taxes and
increased national debt; it meang arbi’ ary

and oppressive rule; it means the degradauon
of American citizenship; it means a fearful
annual loss of human life; in short, it means
‘mperialism’ in its most offensive sense. There
is no place for a colont al system under our Con
stitution. This Government cannot. remain
art public and part empire There will
an irrepressible conflict ween two ine |
consistent and irreconcilab political sys-
tems, and both cannot survive,’

Mr. Hill went ou to commend the Bryan pro-
granime as one of soberness al d wisdom: to wit,
to ‘establish aetableform of government in the
Philippine Islends, give independence to the
Filipinos and then protect them from outside
interference.” His next topic was electin of
United States Senators by the people Which
he commended, — He said

"The success of this reform would be asimple
matter of justice to Ste +s like New York, |
Conmecticut and other States, where represen- |

'

 

  

   

tation in the State Legislatures in one or voth
houses ia not based upon population or upon the
electorate, but upon partisan and unjust lines
arbitrarily fixed in constitutions, whereby
the popular will is oftentimes defeated and
United States Senators representing the minor-
ity of a State are nevertheless permitted to mis- |
represent the majority,”

Then he applauded the proposition of the
Democratic platforin to establish a “Depart-
ment of Labor” with {ts head Cabinet oM-
cer. Said he:

As a rule, tn most parts of the country the
forces of Democracy are largely recruited from
the ranks of workingmen and it is eminently
appropriate that the suggestion for honoring
the cause and strengthening the hand of in-
dustry should first be promulgated in a Demo-
eratic platform, and it would be equally felici-
tous if the proposition should first become
effectual in the Cabinet of a Democratic Presi-
dent, whose sympathies have always been with
those who toll and who once upon a certain
well-remembered oceasion electrified the coun-
try with the declaration that a crown of thorns
should not be permitted to be pressed down
upon the brow of labor.” |

Here followed a long discussion of “movern- |
ment by injunction,” in which Mr. Hill said
the
writ in cases of contempt not coinmitted in the |
presence of the court, and abuse of the court's
summary power of punishment, He praised the |
Senate pul which the House did not pass, de- |

|
|
|

 

aligned to “circumscribe the powers or reform
the practice of the courts and to strengthon
the safeguards of the citizen. It divided con-
tempts into two classes, direct and Indirect,
direct contempts being declared to be those |
committed in the presence of the court or so ,
near thereto as to obstruct the administration |
of justice, and all others were declared to be in- |
direct contempts; and the bill very properly
made no change in the existing practice relating |
to the suinmary punishment of direct contempta, |
but 'n reference to indirect conternptsit required
that there should bea writ
forth aticeinetly and «

to constitute the same |
he allowed a reasonable time |
answer the same. andan or
fixing a definite me and place for the |

ten acciisation setting
early the facts alleced
and the aeensed should
within whieh te
r shiould be made |
earring

 

 

 

and upon sich accusation and answer the |
trial shall proceed upon testimony produced
1 in criminal cases, and the

ne entitied to be confronted with the witnesses

acensed shall |
aurniast him, thereby ercinding the use of |
ex parte adidaviis, and upon his application, |
atrial be gury shall be had asin any criminal |
case, andif the acensed shall be found enilty |

aformal judement shall be entered accordingly,
prescribing the punishment, from which jndg- |
mont an anneal mav be taken to the Suprena |
Court of the United States, which ts authorized |
to aflrm. reverse or modify the same, as }
tice may require This in brief is tne odl wh |
should have passed Concress and been the jaw |
of the land to-da It was defented

eornorate wd Republican onnrosttior
Tt is difficult to discover why a workingman |
proceeded against tn civil cases for contempt
of court on the charge that he has said or done
something in violation of an injunction of the
court preventing Interference with the property
or privileges of a railroad corporation should
not be entitled to the same protection to his
lewal rights as the man who is charged with
stealing a few paltry dollars. The position
of the Den.ocratic party upon this aut acl is
right A Democratic national victory will
mean the enactment of the measure mentioned, |
and ‘government by injunction,’ as here ex- |
plained, will no longer exist.’

Here ts Mr. Hill's pratse of Bryan (and Ste-
venson). “The election of Bryan and Stevenson
will subserve the highe t interests of the un-
try, and aic the cause of humanity In general.
Williarn J. Bryan needs no eulogy at mv hands.
His record, his history, hia official services his
views on all pubife questions ard his private life
are all an open book and familiar to the peoape
He is stronger with the masses than four -eare
ago: he is stronger to-day than vesterday, and
will be stronger to-morrow tha: to-day He
is the friend of the people. the friend of honest

overninent, tne friend of every good cause
le will be elected to (the Presidency of the
United States.”

fila next chapter dealt with the State Ad-
ministration Hle charged the Republican
machine with centralizing power at Albany first
by abolishing local boards of excise anc oreating
a State Commisstoner and a huge Btate liquor
machine; next with creating a State Superin-
tendent of Elections; next (and he averred
unconstitutionally) by enacting a law which
authoricos the State Bureau of Civil Service
Commiasioners to fill vacancies which may
be caused by their removal of municipal civil

Is- |

 

service commissioners, instead of leaving auch
vacancies to be filled by the Mayors of such
paniapelies: in the next place, with
depriving the Surrogates’ Courts of New

York, Kings and Erie of the power of appoint-
ment, and vesting power in the Comptroller
of the State to appoint, at large salaries, a
State Board to make appraisals under the
Transfer Tax act, and with altering the civil
service rules 80 as to permit the Comprtroiler
to make partisan appointments without a o
petitive examinatior again, by conf
upon the State Board of Tax Commiss ra
consisting of three men appointed by the Gov-
ernor, and all active partisans of one party
the sole and absolute power of determining

 

   

the taxable valuation of publie franchises
throughout the State, thereby exchiding jocnl
tax officials everywhere from participation
in thease moet important admintetrative f
tions, He said

"What an such a de-

engine of oppression

fective measure |s canabie vf beeoming In the
hands of unserupulous officials inclined to
mischief, persecution or corruption, or «hose

    

actions may he diqgated by a political ms une! ; T j *
The safety of the Bac lles in the diversifica | Pinztacton. peevast’ ont sey ano

<o te W Pet LOMinhet ee

nh oem Broan

i

a

oe rete! @ Rees Fe omer

eS

j roissions fn

| in the annual report

1 sonal
| with

, plurality

peer renee > J

 

THE SUN,

The thoughtful cttizons of the State are Yo-
juirimag en and where these ust

to end, ami whether it is not their duty
to doaianc at once 4 change of administra-
tion before thay are bound hand and foot to

the wheels of an inexorable State political
machine from which they will find it impos
sible to opcapa The people of the State can-
not have forgogten the threat of the Republi-
can State machine two years ago to enact a
State Constabulary bill, by which the manage-

ment and cvoutrol of the Police Department
in the i ior cities of the State
were to “s taken from the jurisdic.
tion of the various municipalities | and
vested in a central authority at Albany desig-
nated by ‘the Governor of the State. The
danger of the enactment of such an extra-

rdinary measure will be augmented by Re-
ublican su wess this fall We should not be
deceived, the measure is not dead, but only
sleeping A Democratic Governor is the only

“HANNA AT COOPER UNION. |

safemuard for the people, especially in the |
event of a .tepublican Legislature, which is
more than possible under the present unfair

apportionment of the State, which is not based
upen population, but upen the supposed ex-

jgencies and necessities of the Republican
State machine.

M rilis rext tople was Republican ex-
trayvagance inthe State. He said

The public records show that during the

twelve years of Demoeratic administration in
this State, viz, from 1883 to 1895, the people
were given a more economical management of
affairs than has aince been furnished by our
Republican opponents, While the people

have realized that they were auffering from
the burdens of inereased State taxation, they
will be perhaps surprised to learn that the

ppropriations for the support of the State

Government have doubled since 188, the fret
year of Gov Hill's adnunistration, Last year
aa” they amounted to the enormous sein
of a 22,031,674.18, while unser Goy. Cleveland's
administration in t984, they were only @10 479,-
BSiI7 KH During the first ‘year of Gov. Black's

admis istration they reached the gigantic figures
of $26, 962,705 05, being daguble what they were
in the ft year of Flower'’s tern

These t'gures speak for thernselves, and need
no further comment, Jit is a further fact that
since the
in 18%, they have created new offices and com-
missions hor their political friends, the expense

 

firs iV

 

of which tii 1860 amounted to the sum of $826,-
030.36, It is evident from post experience that

» expenses will yearly becorne larger, the
ir se in the expenses of these same com-

the past two years having been
nearly $900.00. Comptroller Morgan sounds
the alarm when he says in his annyal report

  

  

of 1000, "That the expenses of the State Gov-
ernment have inere isegl immensely of late
years. The eapenses of the Legislatare (aside
from printing ive inemased from $411,064.30
Lin 1801 to 9641,%,°6.903 in Won The expenses of
Le«lsiative printing have inerensed ftom $17
Si1.51 tn i801 to $528,194.34 In isha, The regu-

 

 
 

lar State departments show a remarkable in-
crease of expenses from 1881 to 18m, as will be
served from the following table
Fitpenses in [otpensesin
Departments 1401 1899,

Exeontive Department $34,788.85 $448,908.02
Secretary of State + B6,.054.54 87,274 41
Comptroller +e 60.821.47 257,613.06
Treasurer ° 2,.0°/6.57 26,557.12
| Atterney General, rr $3,836.85 374,169.00
State Eng'r and Surveyor.... 22,401.57 61,466.51

 

 

Totals aeeee cose $221,210, 45 $620,085, 61

Here isa sanple of the increase of expenses
insome of the other departments bureaus, or

          

 

commissions of the State government:
Names of Departments, &¢ 1601 1899.
Trostees of Pub. Bldgs....$106,850 29 $375,672.67
Civil Service Commtasion 15,876.15 30,568.40
State Beard of Charities 54,589.06 76,559.47
State Beard of Health, 28,832.22 42,044.40
Bureau of Labor Stathstics £5,506.382 35,014 56
Dept. of Putlic Instruction 35,286.16 71,685.71
“It is unnecessary to specify all the other

 

departments they all tell the same story
Our opponents, with considarabls boasting,

 

point to a low tax rate for the present and the
past year, and assert that this is evidence of
economy, but they fal tu tell you by whats
means or methods such results have been pro-
duced fhe plain truth is, that in order to
secure such rates, they have drawn upon the
sturplus which had been accumubated in the
Treasury, Oy the direction of Democratic Comp-
trollers, to meet the exigencies which occur
during the first portion of each fiscal year
and which surplus had been continued. ar
rotected by. Republican Comptrollersuntil the
tepublican Legislature interfered two years
ago, and by refusing to make the tax rate suffl-
ciently large to meet the real demands upon
the Treasury and thereby preserve thesurplus for

) annual emergencies, have compelled the Comp-

troller to use and exhaust the surplus thus
accumulated, and thus a fictitious and inade-
quate tax rate has been imposed, whereby to
ris'ead and deceive the peophe; and the Comp-
troller has been compelled during the past two
years, and will shortly be compelled again, to
borrow moneys from the bauke to meet the
preseing demaods upon the Treasury which
will soon be made at the commencement of
this flseal vear. These facta aj appear in the
Comptroller's report of 1900, wherein he pro-
teats agains the results of the ‘misdirected
desire’ of the Legislature for a low tax rate,
not warranted by the actual condition of the
Treasury, and which compelled him to borrow
moneys for the use of the State; and wherein
he say % ‘I had to pay 8% and 4 per cent. interest
for the two million which it was found neces
sary to borrow, the highest mate paid for State
loans within my experience.’

It ja faise eeonori and poor financtering
when the Slate ia compelled to anticipate its
revenues by becoming a borrower at extrava-
gant rates of interest to meet demands upon
the Treasury not provided for in order to
risiead the peovie by the imposition of a low
tax rate not adequate for the needs of the
State: and itis almost criminal when this course
{a pursued year after year for the purpose
of producing false impressions and tiding
over the exigenvies of a political situation
It is no Wonder that Comptroller Morgan,
mentioned, said: ‘The
management of the State financial affairs
during the past year Was attended probably
with more difficulty and embarrassment than
ever before’

“The taxpayers of the State muat soon be con-
vinced that economy and retrenchment are
the needs co? the hour, and that they car only
be secured by a change of measures and of
men

Then Mr. Hill praised candidate Stanchfield,
and sald

It Is perhaps unnecessary to refer to the
eritictama which have been heard from un-
friendly sources in reference to the cireum-
stances under which Mr. Stanchfleld wae nom-
inated at the Saratoga convention, and the peo-

le or organizations instrumental tn that reault.
ve the first place allow me to suggest that a can-
didate is not responsible for the mottves or ob-
feeta of those who. unsolicited, vote for him
either at conventions or at the polla. In the

| second place, permit me to say that from a per-

acquaintances and inttmate friendship
our candidate ever since his youth, I can
aeeure the Democracy of the rural dietricta that
if «elected to the Governorship of this Common-
wenlth he will not do the bidding of any organ-

 

| {gation or man or coterle of men, but will treat

all Democrats fairly, and ] can assure the peo-

le of the State that he will be the fearless and
# dependent Governor of the whole people, dis-
charging his full duty with an eye single to the
public welfare.” In conclusfon Mr. FYill aafd:

“New York can be carrled for the natfonal
and State tickets by a hard and vigorous effort
from now until election day. It fa folly. how-
ever. to underestimate your adversaries, They
are able determined, rich, powerful, and tn-
trenched in office and spotls, and they can only
he dislodgad by herole exertions. Our cause
{x right. but rightfulness ajone will not gtve us
the victory ye must unite: we muet org@an-
ive: we must work. Eternal vigilance fs the
price of political success.”

 

 

 

NO PROMISE OF OFFICE TO CROKER.

 

Mr. Bryan Denies That He Has Agreed to
Give a Place to Anyone.

Crmcaao, Sept. 245.—Before leaving for Lin-
coln last night Mr. Bryan made the following
written statement regarding the charge that
he had promised Richard Croker a place tn
his Cabinet should he be elected to the Presi-
dency

T have not given to any one, either verbally
or in writing, a promise of a Cabinet position,
or any other position, and I shall not during
the campaign make any such promise to any
one I not authorized, and shall not
authorize any one, verbally or in writing, to
promise any Cabinet position or any other
position to any one. If I am elected I shall be
ibsolutely free to discharge all the duties of the
office according to my platform, as for ae the
platform goes, and according to my own
fudgment in all matters not covered by the

have

| platform.”

MAINE'S ELECTION RESULTS

The Republican Candidate for Governor, John
F. Hi, Mad 32,600 Piaorality.

Aravsta, Me, Sept. 25.—Complete returne
as made by the clerks in the Secretary of State's
show the plurality of the Hon. John F
the Republican Gubernatorial candidate
42,087. The returns have beeuw coming
very siowly notwithstanding that the law
places a time limit and it was not until yester-

day that the complete returns could be made up.
@ total vote for Governor waa: John b

Mice
Hill,
to be
tn

 
   

    

    

Hill, 78,898; Samuel L. Lord, 40,723. For Con-
gresemnar in the First district: Allen, 17,809;
ynch, 9,988, giving Allen a plurality of 7,865;
in the Second district Vittlefield, 19,204;
Munroe, 11,452, giving a plurality of 7,852. In
I Third district urleigh, 17,052; Gerald,
1,247, Burieich’s plurality 4,803; in the Fourth
disirict, Poutelle, 18,801; White, 8.642; Boutelle’s

19,161
The places in which no election was held are
my,
coeareealeenenoaeeeran ein -

|

rdvent of the Republicans to power |

ae

WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26,

 

THE SENATOR MAKES A HIT WITH
AN BAST SIDE AUDIENCE.

 

Fils Straightforward Statement of the Issues
of the Present Campaign, Prosperity and
Protection as Agatast Free Stiver and Free
Trade, Meets With Hearty Approval—Most |
of His Remarks Addressed to the Work-
ingman—A Distarber Angrily Suppressed.
Cooper Union rang with Republican oratory

last night supplied by three speakers who with |
argumenta delivered in a way that kept the
audience almost continuously in cheers pricked |
the bubble of imperialism and every other
“paramount” issue that has been put up by |
the Democrate. The masa meeting at which
this happened was arranged by the Republi- |
can Club which had in mind a little surprise |
party for Senator Hanna should it be possible |
for him to be present. By great good fortune

Senator Hanna was able to be present last

night and besider being an interested spectator

he made a apeech

Before making his speech, which was the
last on the programme, the Senater sat very
quietly in a corner of the platform, never tak-
ing his eyes off the faces of the audience, Of
every point made by the two speakers who

preceded him Mr, Hanna watehed the effect
upon the throng with the keenest interest, As
argument after argument was driven home

hia face became wreathed in smiles; evidently

he waa well pleased, Then when his turn

came and when the Shouts of the crowd for

“Hanna! Hanna!” could longer be disre-

warded, Mr. Hanna got up and in @ speech |
that was, to use his own words, “all the others

boiled down,” told how the Republican Club

had redeemed its promise at the meeting by

showing him that apathy did not exist among

the Republicans of New York,

It was to an audience that filled every seat in
the hall and stood up three rows deep
in the rear that Mr. Hanoa talked In it
also there appeared to be an unfriendly eleme at,
which froro the fact that it was nearly all cen-
tred in one place gave the impression to many
that its presence was prearranged

no

DISORDFRLY ELPMENT PRESENT.

This cloment began to niaka trouble at the
start. Those who composed it wero on the
left side of the hall, some of tiem standing up
and some having seats, The Hon. John Laizell,
Congressman from Pennsylvania; was the first
speaker, and he had not gone far bofore he
saw that he was going to be irterrupted pretty
often from that juarter of the hall, When
he asked his hearers what the verdict should he
after four vears of unexampled prosperity
there came a shout as of a good many voloes
in unison, “Bryan! Bryart" Mr, Dalzell did
not take any notice of this, but the crowd did.
There were loud cries of “Turn them out!”
The disturbers remained quiet for a time, as
there was no mistaking that the rest of the |
audience did not take the interruptions kindly.
Then one man after another would try an |
individual effort to anngy. Three oheers
were proposed for Bryan and were given. where-
upon on the opposite side of the building a |
man stood up and called for three for Mchin-
ley and many of those who responded stood
on their feet and looked in the direction of
the Brvanites

It was several minutes beforo Mr. Dalzell
could proceed. When he bean to give figures
showing the country's prosperity the rowdies
agait interrupted him. The rest of the aud-
fence, which was listening Intedtly, bore the an-
noyance wih patience until a loud voiced man
broke in upon Mr. Dalzell with the shouted
question: “How many milliun dollars have we
spent in murdering Fillpinos?”

NOISY MAN KIOKED O1'T

For a moment after the words died away tt
was as though some one had s.outed “Fire,”
Men got up in their seats and tarned instinc-
tively toward the place whence the interruption
had come. Some of them got oat In the aisles.
All tne time those in their seats and those out
of their seats kept shouting “Put him out!”
A policeman noting the mood of the crowd
walked over to the man who had been keeping
very quiet in the face of the crowd's anger

When the policeman spoke to t he got up
quickly and started for the door. me person
cried “Shame,” others kept ap the old cry of

“Put him out." Mr. Dalzell, as the man was
being escorted toward the door by three police-

my, said

4 wish you wouldn’t put himout. That's
some one I want to talk to,”

But the audience wouldn't have it. Not a
man who bad left hia seat resumed fi until the
man had been put out of doors. It wasa long
time before there was another tpterrupsion, an
then it vas of the good-natured kind heard at
ail political mrt.

In introducing Mr. Daizell Chairmim Job FE.
Hedges made a hit.

ob E. Hedges acted ns chairman of the meet-
ing and tntroduced Mr. Daizell who said in
part:

 

MR. DALZELL'S 8PERCH.

The jesues presented now are the same asin
1806. There are new ones arising. but the pata-
mount ones are those of 1596. We have been
naking histofy and making it fast, and our
yanner has been unfolded to the gaze of
en who have known nothing but op- |
pression The Democratio party is the}
arty now of free trade and free silver.
‘he Republican party 1s the party of protection
and sound money. You remember the state |
of things before 1806 when wage earnere worke
on ball pay and the farmers lost their markets
because consumption had fallen off. he
Democrats told us the cause of this was the |
crime of '73 and said ‘Let Congress pass a law
making 50 cents equal to one dollar and we'll
be all right.’ Is there any single propheey
mnade by Mr. Bryan tnat has been fulflled
The Republican party said ‘Let us return to
protection and maintain a gold standard and
we will come out in the sunshine of prosperity.’ |
What ig the result? We have now a surplus |
in the Treasury and a balance of trade fn our |
favor”

Mr. Dalzell went on to poigt out evidences of
prosperiry. When he asked where the man
was who was wiling to work and didn’t have
the opportunity, some one shoeted Croker, and
every on? laughed Mr. Bryan's silver views,
he said, if carried out, would hurt the wage
earners who formed the largest class of credi-
torsand would dishonor the country. After
disposing of the silver question the speaker |
took «a fall out of the imperialism and |
ruilitarism bogies. “The very name of the
Democratic party,’ said he, “has become a
mask because there is nota single principle in
the platform that would not be repudiated by
every living great Democrat The Republican
party says that our flag shall continue to be the
flag of the free, and wherever |! shall float every
star shall be a qo of justice and mean a
full measure of Uberty for all.’ ;

This peroration was delivered amid the wila-
est cheering

John Barrett, former Minister to Slam, waa
introduced as the next speaker. Mr. Barrett's
speech was very short, because he saw that the
audience was becoming impatient to hear
Senator Hanna. His remarks were almost
exclusively confined to the question of imperial-
ism. He drew a picture between Col. Bryan's
action In resigning his commission and going to
Washington to make trouble and the Colonel of
another Nebraska regiment who was shot
leading his men against his country’s enemies
in the Philipp’nes. That Colone),” said Mr.
Barrett,” before his death said to the newspaper
correspondents thare: ‘Boys, I want to tell you
that our country must reinember one thing
{f it would survive and that is when its flag is
fired on as it has been by Filipinos there must
be no stoppage of the conflict except by un-
conditional surrender.’ Whose word will you
take—That of the Colonel who desires us to
haul down our fag or that of the Nebraskan
who dled fighting for it?”

The audience cheered Mr. Barrett repeatedly
during his speech and wheu he concluded there
was astorm of applanse.

When Mr. Barrett concluded his speech the
audience rose en masse as the band played the
“Star-Spangled Banner.” Senator Hanna, who
had withdrawn from the platform, reap ed |
and was received with loud cheers and cries |
of “What's the matter with Hanna?”

Chairman Hedges, coming to the front of the
platform, said: “The only furtinate thing, or
rather unfortunate thing, occurring from Sena- |
tor Hanna appearing at the moment he did

 

 

 

 

 

“Dr. Lyon's

Tooth Powder

Tine? by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.

CARPET CLEANING,

MORCAN,

BROADWAY AND 47TH 8ST.
(Telephone 2130-38.)

Esiimates furnished.

 

        

APRA Rem AER ArTe any

' duct the great industries of this country,

| established our

   

 

 

   

ty of a few

choise words of intonuetige as ote one oa

d
the gentleman platform, an
sup ee 1 am dismissed from further me
shall retire in favor of Senator Hanna, Ab

lause and cries of “What's the Po fr
danna?” “fle’s all right. Three cheers

Senator Hanna."'] hotographer adjusting é

Discovering & Janna
camera in front of him Senator £ New York

“Ladies and gentlemen, I hope the

Journal f go to give you a d ploture of
mo to-night. (Laughter.) Wed, pi &
came." (Cries of We are all glad. |}

ht photograph was taken the

As th t
Boyt a tis a better shot than Daven-

Senator sald: “

port's.” (Laughter. )
SENATOR HANNA'S SPEECT
“t say," continued Mr. Hanna, “I am glad

Ieame to-night, though I felt that, after hear-
ing two such speakers as Mr. Dalzell ant Mr
Barrett, that | would be out of place in decadn-
ing an audience, but I came because the oon =
mittee of the Kepubllean Club offered to show
me an oblectiesson to convince me that Genera
Apathy had evacuated New York one,
I aim inclined to gree with them,
It is an bonor to speak from this rosivum, an
it is a pleeaure to stand before such an eudience
as [I see before me to-night. I did intend to
use what little eloquence T am possess of
stir the people of New York Into action in this
campaign. I have felt and expressed It b-
llely that the Republicans in this State and In
this country were feeling too sanguine as to
results. I can't eriticise that feeling, com
sidering what they have passed through the |
st three years end a half. But I also feel
tnat in a contest lika this, with #0 much
at stake affecting every interest and every
person in this country, that no cpportunily
should be lost to guarantee and insure a success.

\Applause.)

“The National Republican Committee, of
which L have tha honor to be chairman, do not
take any chances. [Applause.; Therefore,
they feol that they have a right to call upon
the Republicans and all others who feel they
have an interest in this campaign to defend
those interesia. I have said, and I repeat It,
that the issues in this campaign are of greater
importance than in any other in the history
of this country, (Applause. A possible de-
feat owing to those conditions, ae a result of
the prosperity whieh has como to us, would put
us back ten vears in our progres4 and develop-

ment. [I almost fee! like telling a story.
{I eee ! T almost feel like telling a story
that f heard only to-night, and I dui't belleve

Depew has got ityet,so TI will tell it. (Laughter. }

A CAMPAIGN 8TORY

“A Democrat who hed learned the lesson of
experience in the last three years and a half
asked a friend of his how he wes going to v te |
this vear. He said: ‘I'am going to vote ior
Bryan, of course.” The Democrat asked ‘Why?’
Then the friend said: ‘They told me four years
ago that if I would vote for Bryan we would
have four years of good times: and haven't wa
had it?’ (Laughter and prolonged applause.)
Of course he's going to vote for Bryan on that
Dropontny

“IT don't know of any better argument to use
in this compere than simply to tell of what
we have passed through the last four years
and then compare it with the four years pre-
vious, don't know of any stronger appeal
to make to any man who hae a family »support,
to ary person who a business to build up,
to any people who have the interests of their
country at heart, than to repeat another four
years what we bave had in the past. (Ap-
plause, |

THE ISSUB BOILED DOWN.

“Why, my friends, in all this multiplicity
of issuea, boiled down, there is but one, McKin-
leyisin against Bryanisro, [Applause.) Aud
in every speech that 7% have heard and will
hear will be made plain the difference between

McKinleyiam and Bryaniam, [Cry of ‘Het
your lite.’} 4,

\ and we are very ready to |
take that issue with you, sir. Boiled own

it is free silver and free trade on one side, pros-
perity and development on the other. [Ap-
Piause.[
“Why, the issue which Mr, Barrett has talked |
so eloquently about torpight, imperialism,
pla red out out Wast. The letter of President
McKinley has made that a lost issue and @ lost
cause, aa far as results are concerned with in-
telligent people of the United States, and we
are awaiting patiently to know the result of
the conference in Chicago, to see what new issue
they are going to bring to New York. [Ap
playse and laughter]
needa not tell this audience that Mr. Bryan
wont talk free silver in the Empire State. If
he does, he will do it because he te forced to,
And I want you to force him to fap plause.J
That is a propos tion which {se the Founde-
tion of their platform, their theory and their
hone of success. TI have got no other
‘Now, my friends, this is a business propos
sition, purely a business proposition, as to
whether the peonle of this country are going
to undermine the very foundation of our pros-
perity. Every one who knows anything about
usiness—and when I say business, mean
through all the ramifications, from the man
who works with his hands to the men who con-
one

ey

dependent upon the other, and neither of them
worth anything without the other. (Applause
and erlesa of ‘Good.'| This is a business propo-
sition in which every manager of our Indus-
tries, every man who conducts the commerce
of this country, every man who works wi
his hands in any and every vocation of life,
interested. Why? Boocause the foundation of
our prosperity aconfidence in the future,
\Applause |
CONFIDENCE THE BASIS OF PROSPERITY.

“No business is conducted (except that which

{s conducted from hand to mouth as we bave
had it for yegrs aid therefore know what tt
is) without the man who has the capital © ta
vest is confident that in yeafs to come there
will be no change and the success of our busi-
ness and development depends entirely u pop
the confidence of the man who has that capital.
“Everybody knows that all of our t
industries in this country are contuced oy
men of experience, many of whom have come
from the forge and the workshop themselves,
It ls those men who have laid the foundation
of our industrial greatness; eS practical
experience in all branches who have put their
energies, thetr ingenui and thelr
work the capital ot ther
men and built wp these industries. We have
‘selves now, #0 that to-day this

against

county? is producing gne-fourta 3 one-third
more our consumption, Now, letany ¢

of condition in this country eo thet ait
shake the confidence of the men who conduct
these large affairs, and the wheels of industry

will slow down, and slow down until they stop,
as they did four years ago. The men who own
capital will count for the future as to whether
it is safo for them to operate more than a few
daya ahead. The men who work in those in-

dustries will have to take their chances wi
the men who manage them.

APPEAL TO INTELLIGENCE OF THE WORKMAN,

“Now. my friends, the city of New York is
the greatest manufacturing city in this country,
and, I am told, that upon this East Side there
are aggregated hundreds of thousands of work-
ing people, and it would be an insult to the in-
telligence of those people to doubt that they
have a full appreciation of all oe questions
as affecting their interests. We have only to
go back a few years and by comparison find
out the difference between free trade and free
silver, or protection to American industries
and Amertean labor. [Applause.)

“IT aay this is a buainess proposition.

“Now, {n casting your votes next November
the responsibility is in your hands to detgr-
mine which it shall be. ou have had the
knowledge and the experience, and the oppor-
tunity is now before you to decide for your-
selves whether you will have a continuation
1 go back
er pail | have not an
ng it to the in
ment of the working people of

of this prosperity or whether you wi
to the empty d!
about the result, lea

6 ju
Yori, Applause.)

“I have only another word to say with refer-
ence to the conditiogs in this country and the
made by those In opposi-
practising on the people.
not a Democratic orator speaking
from the stump, including Mr. Bryan and ali the
way down, who is not attempting to bring be-
fore the American people issues that are not is-
sues and have no bearhig upon the interests of
oH Sent, ho has the righ

“] want every man who the t to vote
fully to understand amd apprec that the
only issue which he is called u to deci
to-day is, What is best. for his own eon
JApplaure And we enough confidence
n the intelligence of the American ple
of all classes to believe that neither Mr. firyan
nor any of his colleagues can inject in his
campaign any clase di-tinction. lissteensd

HIS INTEREST IN POLITICS.

he woll adtartred. } have ben
pretty well advertised, ve na bus’
man all my life. My engrance into wainees
if you havea mind to call iteo—or Into publie
affairs grows out of my interest in every-
thing that is American (aipplause,: in the de-
velopment and prosperity of this country
applause), cooapring Gs we do to-day the
ront rank among the nations of the earth
(applause), blest as we are with the greatest
resources of any nation [applause], peopled
by men from every country and Hoek ev
ime, men who have aided much in th
own sphere in that great developm:
heritage is theirs, [Applause.) And ¢!
tend that it shall continue to theirs.
one Heh { him
“The t of every man that mak
equal of every other man, his vote, is a ne
that cannot be taken from_him; neither can {t
be abused. (Applause) I shall go back to |
the West feeling that the Reputaicans of New
York State are wide awake pplause). I
shail go back feeling that that part of New
York which is represented in thie audienve to-
night is in sympathy with the Republican party.

(Applause |
the working people of the

shall take to

West the news and declare that, in my judg-
t Lan fy;

@ which wi

fear
end
New

efforts that are bein
tion to do what I ca
There is

about myself; I am

t—t
y ibe
[Ap

ment, the working ple of this
of industry will set therm an exam

even go beyond the verdict of '896." [Pro- |
lon applause. | |
When Mr, Hanna closed bis speech there was |

another demonstration and a jot o)
Jumped up on the platiorm and followed him
to the reception room. There Senator Hanna
was kent for a long time shaking hands. When
py the building and got into his

A more cheers the o

     

       

people |

    
   

     

   

  

A SODA FOUNTAIN FOR

‘TRADE MARK

SPARKLET bottle saves you.
quart, soda any flavor 2 cts. a glass
made in a SPARKLET bottle, to
say nothing of the convenience of
having both right at your hand
any hour of the day or night.

Pint bottles, $1.50 up.
Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons,, $3.00 up.
Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.
Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups Furnished.
ALL DEALERS. WRITE FOR BOOKLET.

 

Compressed Gas Capsule

 

A TASTE —

 

EVERY HOME

A

Small Steel Capsules, Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

Just keep an account for a month and see how much your
Carbonic water costs 4 cts, a

Co., B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

 

must be cultivated for many of the health foods and even-then
there is no real pleasure in their use.

COOK’S FLAKED RICE

 

ista health food that tempts.

The baby can live on it and thrive.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING. |

Full directions and book of tested receipts
in every package,

All Grocers. Large package, 15.cts.

It is en-

joyed by every member of the family.

 

 

DEMOCRATS STULTIFIED.

 

 

shall get
MANAGERS IN BROOKLYN ORDER © money issu
SPEAKERS TO FORGET SILVER. r. i tes bane
Spellbinders Resentful, but Accommodate eeed a erebba

Themselves to Their Mussies When Led

Before Shea—Former Democratic Oleb oups 1's
President Comes Out fer MeKiniey. gue FY
The Democratic organization in Brooklyn | free silver

has assumed a most remarkable and inoon- | He ee at A

sistent attitude in the campaign. Its delegates
to the Kansas City Convention voted as a unit to
keep David B. Hill off the Committee on Resolu-
tions, thus paving the way for the indorsement
of the Chicago platform with all fts finan-
cial heresies; and the Genera) Committee, the
Executive Committee and the other governing
party bodies have again and again declared
their unflinching support of the platform of
the Kansas City Convention, including {its
pronouncement in favor of the free coinage
of silver at the 16 to 1 ratio. The Demooratio
managers in Brooklyn, now realizing thet the
sentiment in the borough against Bryan's
financial theories is just as strong as it was
four years ago, have not only determined to
ignore the money question altogether during
the campaign, but have made the formal proo-
lamation that they are upholders of the gold
standard,

In a handbook of fourteen pages, compiled
for the instruction of the Brooklyn Democratio

spellbinders, this declaration : “On
the great public questions of the da ’ he
with

the ple of this

oounty organinaton ie 2S
oomm:

t eg

im it

the majority sentiment o

pl Corre tk
o us 6 8 i
canes’ tad 6 Presidential elector.

éfforta of ite esentatives in
Congress and in the Kapeas ty Convention,
the money question, which four years ago
alienated +o many excellent Democrats, is not
considered an issue tn this .

This is the principal reerenss ip the hand-
book to what Democrats ublicans
alike in Brooklyn believe is paramount
issue in spite of the efforts o: sponegere to
befog people with denunciations o and
imperialism. The two hundred or hun-
gree ocratio speakers who are to set
loose in Brecnire in a wi
to the Tho!

oreo were sm-
moned nas Jefferson uarters
on Monda; nighs and warned by
John I.. Shea o he Faeus ye Committee
ives to be drawn

ment and

rtin “practi

5 aa allowing to oor
one on the money bestion. ey | of Representatives an
were practically directed to Tor ggt 7 4 work at cross p
said four years nae in favor 0} ap
silver and thus stultify ves. be fighting both branches of Con
There were many active D tio work. oh of Congress would be figh

ers at the gathering who were both surp’
and mngnees at the hy woriteal on ind
out by managers, but there w yo

of them who had the courage to Stapd sp $n

protest against it. This was James R. Kohler
who aid: "f dare say that I shall noteay a word
in this campaign about the money issue but

Court.

OOOO EEO

 

lyn lawyer, who was fo:

party was du

des

to pe that none of the gt
{n the campaign. nor al
as

that the future of the
if it honestiy an

affairs should
t they would be able to got their names
in the newspapers.

would be fightin
gis of the Twen

ing elso a

be swept away

to his b

an

 

I hope that the time will come when this famue
of imperiallam will

“a a cos
ns. a thie campalgn
e be evaded, but I stan
ng that if the ourrenc)
ur platform then Iwant
Democrat.”
4 well-known Brook-
erly Presidept of the
emocratio Club, yeste
cKinley and explained that hia deser-
ostitity to the
aneas City platforn
belleve, is really the

we
on of these other
I am willing that
with

ay Cane

despi te the effort of a certal:

 

THE TICKETLESS TWENTY«SEVEN

He

It seer

peram:
Forpens in the emaoratig party to insist that
it_fs not. an pines rr on the re
4 planks, and as soon as he did
° Tore against him
r queations tnvolve
of them put together. i
Hens monty issue and it is upe:
this issue that I f compelled to vote for Mcki

t need yesterday t at Comptrol!
Bird S Coler had Ganoslled’ Some! at

sngagement
Lockport so as to preside at the Hill meeting at
the Academy of Music on Monday night

i

Apnounce Thetr Candidates’ Withdrawal—Wil!
Try to Do Something to Congress.

The Plaga Twenty-seven made ane last de-
spairing effort yesterday to get the names of
a couple of its members into the newspapers
by sending out a circular formally announciney
thatSenator Caffery of Louisiana and Archibald
M. Howe had refused to pose as candidates fo:
President and Vice-President respectively on
a platform of anti-everything. The circular
said that the party would go out of existence ex-
cept in States where there were dissenters
enterprising enough to put up one man for
In the circular was

included Senator Caffery's letter declining the
nomination for the Presidency.
was opposed to flat money, opposed to the at-
tacks on the Bupreme Court, opposed
destruction of the American iden!

to several other things
ly couldn't accept the nomination.
d M. Howe in his letter of withdrawal eald
movement was assured

said he

to the
of Govern-
but that he

Archi-

fearlessly attempted to take
ities” rather than to main-

in ee oO menere,, ‘
wenty-sevon says it is labori for

ran Drinciple and that it will take an active

in the Congress district campaigns. What

e Twenty-seven way to do is to get a House

a President that will

If it could get the

The mem

UrpORes.
Senate embroiled so that the Executive would
om aad ee
ng the o c
t would then start out to get the Supramns
80 that every one in the Government
every one else.

-seven say that if this con-

evail the

are confi-

 

w & The Success %

of your Fall and Winter gowns should not be imperilled by the

The bending or unfastening o
single hook will ruin the effect of the most well made LM,

use of inferior fastenings.

The
SNAP HOOK AND EYE

THE HOOK OF 1900

ts absolutely reliable, neber bends or breaks, cannot come

undone till you are ready, when a pall does tt.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO., 377 Broad

If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cts.
for a sample card. Say whether white or black.

‘

a

Y, City.