ROOSEVELT STIRS DENVER,

GREAT RECEPTIONS TO HIM THERE
AND IN OTHER COLORADO TOWNS.

 

 

Heavy Rata Has No Effect om the Enthusiasm
of the People-Senator Wolcott Expects
to Carry Colorado for the Whole Repubi'-
can Ticket--BRoosevelt’s Day in the State
Shows the Administration's Strength There,
Denvan, Col, Sept. 25—Ths McKinley and

oosevelt campalgn is sweeping over Colorado

witb a rush that Is astonishing those who have
thought that {t would take years for the State
to recover from ite flop to Bryan four years ago

Senator Wolcott believes that Colorado can

be carried for the whole Republican toket

from President MoKinley down, The state of
mind which the State has shown to-day in its
reception to Gov. Roosevelt has gone a great
way toshow on what he bases that belief

Denver has seldom seen any such demon-
stration as that with which the Governor of

New York was greeted to-night. It was but

s repetition on a larger scale of a cheeriug and

acelairaing reception that had followed him

trom the very edge of the State. Towns that
cid not allow a man to wear any emblem of
his loyalty to the Republican party four years
ago have @iven the closest and most respect-
ful attention to men who have become tho
advoeates of the policy of McKinley

Administration at home and abrond. These

same towns have come to the meetings by the

They have decorated their public

buildings far from the route by which Gov

Roosevelt was to pass through them They

have hung out banners and the lithographs of

President McKinley in the windows of houses

that are miles from any place where any visitor

who came with the Governor might sce them

They have made the day a public holiday and

oceaston of rejoicing. Most of the stores in

all the amaller towns have been closed

Denver has been beside itself all night. There
was a rain falling when the R evelt epectal
with the Wolcott special attached to it rolled
into the Union station in Denver, but though
it quickly Increased to a pelting st there
was no dampening of the ardor of the Republi-

the

thousands

rm

 

  
 

 

 

ee ee ee ee

-

 

when Mr. Bryan raised as paramount an issue
whioh involves the honor of the flag, are
capable of hesitating as to which they w

® and therefore stand with us, not alone
as Republicans, but as Americans. (Cheers
and spplause.)

Now, as your Governor seems to be ina qu
tioning mood, I will suggest to him certa{n
question He ma to have much Interest in
my oplnions have no y interest in his
But f am Interested in Mr Bryan's opinions,
or, to be more accurate, his lack of opinions o
certain subjects. [Lavghter,| Let your chie
executive write an open letter to Mr Bryan,
asking }im whether he does or does
not approve of the trampling under foot
by the very man who nominated him, from
North Carolina and Kentucky, of the doctrine
of the ‘consent of the governed,’ concernin,
which he assumes to be so anglous In the Phil-
Ippines, [Cheera, langhter and prolonged ap-
plause | Let your Chief Executive get a definite
expreasion of opinion from Mr Bryan aa to
wy he ahould talk at such length about
self-government when one man is
an American soldier anc the other
t Tawa! bindit, and vet be «hould never ven-
fire to open his rpputh, pever venture to ray
one word on behalf of his foow Amertean:,
rome_of whom have fought under the Amnert-
can flagHind heen wounded In its defence,
and many of whom were born as free as he
Was, but who happened to be of different color
fApplauce) Let cour Chief Bxeontive cut there
uestions to) Mr. Brran and «oe if he will anawer
them wit o@ abeolite frankness as I have
answered; and Iwill say now thot, uniera he tas
better luck In getting an anawer than those
gonten an ho have questionrd = Mr

tyan hitherts, he will watt some time for
f reply Ll may add that unless he has better
uck than seems probable h> will noteven get
au answer if he propounds to Mr. Bryan the
fame quastions he has propounded to me,
[Laughter] ‘ his ineident i< now ciosed, and [
ope Governor Thoms will look tack upon it
with the sarne satisfaction that I feel.”

SPEPCNES ON THK WAY TO DENVER.

lively Recenttons for the Governor at Greeley,
Boulder and Other Places,
DeNven, Col., Sept. 28.—Gov. Roosevelt be-
gan his day in Wyoming by a #unrise horseback
ride with former Gove nor Barber. The appear-
ance of the horses when they came back showed
what sort of a ride it had been, for though the
morning was one of the few damp and chilly
mornings Wyoming has had in the last few
vears, the fsieaming wet. The
jovernor toid of meeting ten miles from the
» had herded cattle with him on

horses were

ity aman whe

cans of Denver. They had arranged an es- sie Little ~ ows fifteen years ago Gov.
cort of about a hundred of Roosevelt'a come. Barber J told mh ie =6rest’ «oof the story
rades of the Spanish war to meet him at the esas oe seis eman had decided that Gov
station and escort him to his hoe]. seveit had forgotten how to ride after the
tel on horseback The escort proved lapse of fifteen years, and tho: ght his cutaway
to be more than a mere guard of | *! ind stiff collar stamped him as having
honor. It was @ needed protection of the reverted to the tender oot stage, and then
Governor froin the greed) affection of a great how the cattlon * tried to tide the Governor
mob that filled Sixteenth street for block jown., The cattleman turned up at the train
wildly dedirous to lay hands on him. With | '¢" minutes or #0 after the Governor's arrival
the escort he fairly had to force his wa: throug and verified the story, not only by his words but
the streets to the hote As far up and down by the appearance of imself and his horse.

as one could see through the rain there was onl
a densely packed multitude
rainewet umbrellas and hat

About the hotel the crowds grew more and
more dense until the police hud to go to the
Governor's aid and help tins reach the side door
and get into his room The corrtdors and the
wirways were crowded lo the dalger point
The appearance of any one identified as being
with the Koosevelt party was the signal fora
succeasion of ratt ing cheers

A great parade hadgbeen planned to precede

bobbing under

 

 

the three meetlugs at which Gov, Roosevelt
spoke The rain increased so steadily that
though more than 2,000 men appeared at the

ommittee headquarters and clamored
for torches with which to march the managers
refused to start the parad Instead, a 1
volunteers as could be secured were sent about
the city announcing that the meeting which
was to have been held in the open air on the
State Capitol grounds was to be held in the
Windsor Hall

County

   

 

Lie first tn tiny to which Col Roosevelt
went was lieli in the Coliseum Hall It is a
bia mp {theatre, used in the past fe
fighta, and has a capacity of 3,70
was so full that police closed the doors fifteen
minates belore Gov. Roosevelt's arrival lhe
Rev Der Uazell presided When
he rose and ~potnted to tho eturdy
figure of the ‘Governor, piloted br

Senator Wolcott, pushing through the crowd
at the door, that audience, as if after drill for
months in the action, rose and climbed chairs
and whooped The Governor and the parson
stood in front of them shaking hands and laugi-
ing, and aftera while the parson took advantage
of a lull to start his introduction

He had apparently hardly started when
he broke olf and asked abruptiy: “Would
you rather hear me or Col Roosevelt?” For

the firat time in fifteen years, as the parson
made sad confession,
back on him

The Governor spoke on the neceasity for hon-

a Denver audience went |

esty on the part of candidates for public office |

and the necessity for common sense on the part
of the people in making requirements for their

candidates, so that they would not make tt

| the Governor of New Yor

impossible for a sincete man to accept puble |

 

   

office. He told of the remarkable success
attained by the Democratic Adminis-
tration of Mr Cleveland in bringing
disast to the trusts and incidentally
to every form of industry and thrift in the
United States, and there was a laugh and a
wh ind applause that lasted for thirty
$ He told the story of the country’s

 

 

 

ri prosperity and honor under the Ad-
mninistration of President MeKinley and at
the mention he President's narne the crowd
cli d chats again and Col Roosevelt
a) e rt ead of the ticket
ine Governor took occasion, to the extreme

. t his audience, to jab at Mr. Croker

{ candidate for Governor
of N York, of whom the Governor sald that
1 characteristic candidate of his party,

is he stood on a platform of anti-

Democratic

 

pane and of love for organized labor,
d was “nh throughout the State as an
ardent expansionist and the most ferocious

e t the labor unions had in the State
The vernor asked the friend of the labor-
ng itoe plain whe itis that manufacturers
n avine the Republican State of Massachue
setie ere » labor laws are of actual bene-
ft to the laborer, to go to the Democratic State
of Nort irolinn, where the laboring man
treated like a bond slave. He cited

of the same sort
he made wes the slgnal for a

natances

, FE ery poin

 
    
   

   
  
 
 

ditnlay of flage all over the house. Every
chie . ond more often women, rose

up_ond anplauded him ar individuals

Fron, the Colf m the Governor went to
the Windsor, where Col. Curtis Guild was asking
the ve sof Colors what they (hought of a
party that only tw ears ago decared in fts
Stite platform ty orado tor United Stat
contr f the Phillpnines and now deplored
the Republie.n pirty's folly and share tn

va { ne t . ‘ tr

Tor a few minutes the Governor carried on
Col, Giiild’s argument, and then, while the |
audience almost angrily shouted for more,
hurried on to the Broadway Theatre, where
an e of 3,000 and ipore were listening
to lLodee and John Proctor Clarke
Mr ai Just got the audience to a red-
hot ind by hus tenderly sarenstio |
tribite to the patriotism of those who are doing
their best to make the peonle of the United |
Stites fear and hate the liegular army when

Col. Roosevelt ary ec

Governor

ppeal for the sup

‘ ivitn an
port ff the whole Republeas ticket by the
voters of this State, hut es inlly to support
Senior Woleot! In his fig't for reélection to an

office in which he did honor to himself and the
Sia »whi bh he representad,
Then the GOvernor turned to a letter which

 

Gov. Thomas of Colorad) addressed to him
through the news apers to-duy ils answer
to Gov Thomes was received by the
audience in the great theatre with ontbursts of
applause The Governor's slowly pronounord
dec araton for the goli standard was acce

te
with every bit as much approval and enthue-

lacin as had greeted his appearance on the
stage Gov, Roosev lt sald:
frov, Roosevelt said: “I have just received

a letter purporting to be from: the Governor of
your State, written upon rapper, re
questing me somewhat at length to state my
position on the currency question, and asking
why I should not state it in Denver us wall as
in New York, in Chieago and Milwaukee

  

 
 
 

Laughter.) It is perhaps, unusual in the
Chief Executive of ai State to at
lempt to dictate to a_ visitor within
that State the subject upon which
he shall speak | am not aware that such a
course haa ever heen followed before, but most
Certainly there is no question that my oppo-
nents ean ask which I am more willing to
answer, in no matter what portion of the Union
if be put {(Cheerea) JT will firet suggest to
the Govamor that hereafter he will do well
te ren the letter of uv tance of

’ lates if oe ' end ms letter
whieh was published in Denver exactly as in

New York orin Milwaukee, he would hive found

his qQhiestions alreid nswered But, witheut
regird to that, let me state that, of course,
I stand now, as I have alwavs stood, on the
Platform of my party I arn for a protective
‘aril, the old standard, expansion and the
honor of the flag Applause, cheers and a

éTeat demonstration
I went through the State of South Dagotg

Accompanied by Col Grigsby of the ur

 

Volunteer Cavalry, who In 1896 was elected
Attorney-General of South Dakota on the sime
weket with Mr. Bryan and as hia supporter.
gee left us op the silver issn He la back now
: Ss, tobiyse words, he ha. worn the
is niforr ni hen M Urvan
K ins cH convention encouraged
' ! dd petainet the
lag Col G paried company

Applause
erat ng H e has been with me to-day
pClive he having taken the same position

 

the same reasons, and I am hapy y to say
that T have already met in Colorado, literally,

oursands of men who disagreed with us on
eo Prence mnepetion Conk core hot wha

iP

 

 

| much as it ts directed arainst

There were flecks of mud on th» Governor's
forshead, but the ranchman looked us though
he had been under ashower bath of mu!

Ser varren, Marstall Hadsell, Col. Foote
of the First Wyom

Senator \\

fasant compat no had made the Governor
feel weoodin Wroming were i ttin Cheyenne to
rejoice over the work !e had done for ther
They told him this story to indicate what he
might expret in Colorado:

There was a jfoncer festival in Cheyenne
weeks awo and excursion trains were
run from all the country round, One of then
came from points on the Colorado and South-
ern from Boulder to Greely, and included a
jot of folks from Longmont, where only thirty-
nine votes were counted for McKinley in 1898

three

  

and where incidentally the only political or-
ganization to-day is a McKinley and Roosevelt
Club with #0) members. The folka on the

 

excursion got to talking polities on the way
up to Cherenne and the ber erate began to
offer bets that a poll of the train would show
that there were three Bryan men on the train
for every McKinley man. ‘The Republicans
took the bets and the count showed 143 McKin-
ley passengers to 140 Bryan passengers.

‘he places of the \\yoming statesnion were
taken by Senator Wolvott and a small trainioad
of ‘ootado folks. Wth er were Senator
Lodge of Massachusetts ang his wife Senator
Wo leott’s party brought wi them a finely fir-
ished leather mat! pouch with an inseription
somplimentary to Gov Ro ooseveltand the date
i contained the mail for the Governor and his
parts which had accumulated at Denver up to
the time tho welcoming party left

At Greeley, the great potato-raising town,
there was the first opportunity tose how ene
thuetasti: the Colorado Republicans are over
the outlook for the coming election. They are
filed with the idea tha! Colorado is going to ba
carried for the Republican tickecand that just
such a whoo | campal@n a» Senator Wolcott
has starset | ay willtnake the victory a de-
eigive one

In the first place there were 400 oe le from
Denver in the Greeley station yards. They ha
coine out [rom Denver with the famous Cook
Fife and Drum Corps simply to make sure that
should know ti at
he bad arrived They whirled around the
Minnesota in auceresive flying sedges until
Senator Wolcott came out and made a touching
appeal to ‘hem ‘o give the Greeley folks a
chat ce at the candidate

Then for forty minutes there was such @
meeting as it was worth the while of those Den-
er people to have come es miles to sae
The meeting was in lincoln Park and thespeak-
ers atoodon a high band stand about which
more than 3,000 enthusiastic men and women

were assenibled It should be remembered
that Colorado {s again one of the States tn
whieh women vote

The cold foe of Wyoming proved to have
but the outer edge of a storm that ex-

heer
tended over as much of Color

       

ke with the gray

to-da Gov Roosevelt sy

overeoat which has become famillar in hfe
New York campatgning, tightl buttoned u
about his throat The eagerness of his audf-
enoe to selze every point had [ts Immediate
effect on him and his ordinary vim was per-
ceptibly heightened. Resting his foot on

the rail of the platform, he set forth his state
ment of the reasons why the intelligent, red-
blooded and aggressive voters of the rene
States should ‘Indorse the witte wo °
President McKinley and see that
was repeated in the next four years,
senator Lodge folloned up Gov. Roosevelt's
arguivent on the joolishness of imperialistic
talk, based on proportion of 86 of a aoldier to
every 1,000 of peopleintiis country. “If there
artof the combination composing the

S success

 

ng and all the others of the |

do as was visited |

isan
opposition party whiel ts stil warmed about
the tvranny of the part cf eoldier of
the United States, as represent-d = b
the sta‘ement of Gov Ko sevelt, if
him be reassured If the Democrats an
Popul st of the country, are afraid of |
the armies of the United States, I will

say to them that there are enough Republt-

cans this lond te protect ther at all times,
(Cheers.) that army which they hold up as |
au ins‘rument of tyranny is now serving you
and the flag in

erving all of us, suy porting
the Philippines (Cheers. ] These islands belong
to the United States, and the army is uphold-
ing our suthority there They are keeping
fow the rebelion. Lhey are keeping the re-
beliion out of the territory of the United States.
Cheers )
“1 may not seem to you go, but the question
of the tar ff jeas much of agvestion now, let
me tell you, as it ever was, anc the assault of
our op pone ts is directed toward ft Just as

ne flag in the
of this gieat
you to vote for

 

 

orien The material interes
country areatstake We want

prosrerity and patriousm both. We want
prosperity at home and we wan't patrio'isn at
We wan! the flag that was holsted in

nom
honor to be kept up for all ime.”

Sen itor Wolcott brought forward
dates for the State offices
to look at thern and observe that they were not
Anarchiats or biatherskites but clean-cut,
square-locoking men,

Alter the tral) had sturted one very pxctind
woman voter jumped «ff the rear platform o
the Minnesota. Shetanded in a heap, rolled
over once or twiees, and ther atood up, alaking
out her «kris with one hand and wayinga
handkerch ef at te retreating train with the
other

“When wehave women with sand like that
voting the Republican ticket," said the Colora-
do folks “is {tt any wonder we think we are
woing to carry the State ?'

Greeloy waa simply a forerunner of @ succas-
sion of equally excited meetings all the way
down the line of the Colorad) and Southern

he eandi-

into Denver It was noticeable that the
specches of the candidate for Governor
were particuiariy well received in the

towns that were Populistic strongholds four
vears ago At that time Mr. Goudy, ~
eand date. was himself an ardent supporter o
Mr irvan Senator Peffer has, been going up
and down the State telling his friends why th
arty of Aguinaldo was no party tor him, aa

is 4 © hive had a remartable effect in
advancing Republican interests, 4 other
apeaker at most of the meetings of the afiere

noon was Gen, Irving Liale, who ts idolized My
the peonie of Colorado fur his Philippine recor
Gen. Hale was a Bryan inan four years ago

At Boulder, the last place where a eating
was held before running into Denver, there was
not only a big crowd of duncing, yelling, cheer-
ing Republicans to make the cheers for Presi-
dent McKinley's name go echolng up the snow-
covered sides of he mountains, but there were
a number of students from the Colorado State
University, including the football team, whioh
came over from the practioe at the athletio feld
In un form. At the end of the mecting they took
Gov. Roosevelt on their shoulders and :arried
him far above the heads of the people from the
stand tothe car, Then they went pack to the
field, whe s heneath the tracks over which
the train pas-ed ts way (o Denver, and lind
up there, cheering as the traln passed above,
Whe, the Sinnesota was direetly obove the
centre of the line there was a quick change of
formationgin the cote’ line, and f mighty

lace kick sent a brand new bal! whirling over
and over into the air until it bounded off the

elinaof the evr

‘

  

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.

ON DEPARTMENT STOKE ISSUE, SAYS
CHAIRMAN M'QUIRE,

This Is OMoctal—Differs With Bryan, Too,
About Paramount Impertalism, but Then
a Candidate Can Warke His Platform if
He Wants To-Didn't Cleveland Do It?

The Hon. James K, MoGutre, chairman of
the Dernocratic State Executive Committee,
aimitte’ yesterday that there was a great
difference of opinion between the Hon. John B.
Atanohfeld of Elmira, Kichard Croker’s candl-
date for Governor, and the other members of
the Democratic party in this State and nation
as to the paramount issue in thie campaign.
Mr. Stanchfield in his canvass thus far has
devote! himself entirely to trusts and depart-
ment stores and has let “imperialism” alone.
Yesterday it was brought to the attention of
Mr. MoGuire that at the famous ten-dollar din-
ner which the Democratic Club gave in the
Metropolitan Opera House on Jefferson's birth-
day, i899, Mr. Stanchfield made a red-hot ex-
pansion and “imperialistic” speech. Chairman
Meiuire has hitherto declared that Mr. Stanch-
field stood squarely on the party platforin, but
yesterday he admitted that the candidate for
Governor was away offon some of Its planks.
Mr. Me(iuire justified him

‘What if Mr. Stanchfleld did speak in favor
of expansion,” he said. “Mr. Stanchfield
reetns to believe that the trusts are the para-
mount issue in this eampatgn, Why shouldn't
he? There are precedents which {ysuity him
in doing so. Why, in 1892 (leveland was noml-
nated on a certaly platform, He went ahead
after the nomination and made a platform
for himself, and he was elected on it, too, Dur-
ing the canvass he did not pay any attention
whatever to the plattiorm which was adopted
by the convention, If Mr. Stanchfleld thinks
that he ought to make the trusts the malin
issue in bis campaign he has a perfect right
to do so, Anyhow, the Democratic party
made the trusts a very iinportant issue at the
Kansas city Convention and they did at Sara-

toga, too”
Sf Me(ruire went on to talk about Mr. Stanch-

field's attacks on department stores, Mr,
Mctiuive said that he dis not agree with Mr,
Stanchifleld |

leer artinent stores, in my opinion,” he said, |
“are not trusts within » meaning of the Kan-
aas City platform They are the result of nat-
ural industrial development, and there is no
way to prevent the combination of capital in
auch ventures, All that the Democratic party
eecks to prevent is the formation of illegal }
combinations, and the department stores are
not in my opinion, illewal,

Mr. MeGuire said that what he considered

to be an illegal trust was one like the corpora-
tion which controls steel wire and nails. Mr
MeGuire explained that he was the treasurer
of a Syracuse company which he believed
to be a legitimate combination and which deals
in nails This company bought a whole lot of
nails and had them in stock Soon after the
purchase wae made the price of nails was re-
duced, so that the competitors of Mr. McGuire's
their stocks lower

company were able to bus
than he had done Therefore, the MeGuire
concern lost money. This Mr. MeGuire re-

warde as illegal. He seemed to be very bitter
about it
Mr MeGuire didn't like to discuss the differ-

ences which exist. between Mr Stanchfield and

the other genierken interested in the Demo-
cratic campaign as to paramount iseues. He
was very ready, however, to say that Mr

Stanchfleld was all righ! on other questions. |
He said that he had received a certificate from
a labor organization In this town saving that
Mr Stanchfeld was all right, and had got a |
special mention from it on account of his course |
in the Leeisiature§ Mr. McGuire looked up |
this certificate and found out thet Mr. Stanch-
field once voted for a Bake Shop bill
An a utter of fact, althougn the Democrata
have been trying to conceal it, Mr. Stanchfleld
in anti-impertaliem,

doesn't take agy stock in

which is the official paramount issue of the
camaien on the Democratic «ide, and he can't
tall it because he ia on record as having been

President McKinley's
When the Democratic
managers asked him to pay attention to this
plank of the platform, Mr. Stanchfleld was
obliged to decline because his record waa
down in black and white and there waa no wa
to overcome it Up to yesterday, however
there had been no official, admission on the part
of the campaigners that Mr. Stanchfleld was |
not in perfect harmony with all of the planks |
of the platform on which he is running.

outspoken in favor of
poliey of expansion

 

BRYAN'S MILITARY CAREER.

Gen. Alger Answers the Assertions of Some
of the Candidate's Friends.

St. Patt, Minn, Sept. 25.--“Some of the
Democratic papers are trying to make out,”
said Gen. Russell A. Alger, in the course of a
general conversation this evening, “that Col,
Bryan is one of the martyrs of the Spanish-
American War, that he was allowed to go to
the front at all only with reluctance on the part
of the Administration and that once in the
field he was held back through jealousy on the
part of the President that he might become a
war hero and possibly more powerful as a rival
in popularity and distincuon among the people
than ever

‘Now, there is just about as much truth to
all that talk as there is substance to the Demo-

cratic issues in this camjaign. At the time
Mr. Bryan Wes ins ired with a desire to go to
war it Wasunder thesecond «sil for volunteers,
Nebraska had had its quota within two hundred
men or thereabouta, and so when there Was a
request from that State to send another regi- |
ent there was no expectation that it would
a granted, as a full regiment would give Ne-
braaka, a small State, about one ousand
more than ite quota, At that time I was un-
aware of theambitionof Mr. Bryan to goto war

“While the matter was pending, Senator Allen
of Nebraska came to me and declared that the
Administration would not allow Nebraska t
send any other regiment because Bryan woul
be honored by the Governor, who was golig to
appoint the free silver champion Colonel of the
regiment, When the matter was presented in
this way I laid the facts before the creme
The regult was that the Second Regiment o
Nebraska was amodia tele, accepted and when
organized added to Gen, Fitzhugh Lee's com-
mand, which was being held In reserve for em-
ergency or garrison duty.

Col. Bryan complains, or at least his news-
paper friends claita for him, that he did not
get a chance to display valor. He should |!
remember that he got Into the war at the latter
part of the second call: also that of the 250,000
arined men in the fleld for duty, 136,000 saw no |
active service or Jeft this country, All theae |
men were probably just as eager to flaht as |
Col. Bryan, but were compelled to forego the |

!

 

| peacure of taking a shot at the Spaniards. I

He told the people |

ave no desire to belittie Col, Bryan's military |
career, but his friends should confine them-
gelves to facts when they undertake to discuss
the subject.’

LEAVE BRYAN FOR M‘KINLEY.

 

Allan Mctane of Baltimore for a Sound Car-
rency—Mr. Strange Tarns Abont,
Bautimorner, Sept. 25.-Allan McLane, a
prominent young attorney of Baltimore, brother
of Robert M. McLane, State's Attorney for the |
city, and nephew of the late Robert M. McLane,
once Governor of Maryland, former member
of Congress and Minister to France under
Cleveland's first administration, has declared
his intention of supporting McKinley and Koose-

 

velt

Mr. MeLane, who was very zealous for the
Democratic ticket in the State and city last
fail, was requested to take the «tump for Bryan |
aud Stevenson by Chairman Murray Van Diver
of the Democratic State ( entral Committes,
In reply Mr. McLane said he could not make
speeches for the Democratic ticket because
he intended to vote for McKinleyand Koose-
In explaining his stand, he said that

 

velt, 3

he had supported McKinley four. years ago |

on the currency question and_ thought tae
iC

same was the paramount issue this year an
that the cry of imperialism was but a cloak
to hide the real subject. This reply created
something of a consternation at Democratio
yeadquarters,

. LaPonrg, Ind. Sept. 25.--The Hon. John
Strange of Grant county, one of the Indiana
delegates to the Chicago Convention which
norainated Bryan fn 1606, has announced his
withdrawal from the Democratic party and

his determination to vote for MoBiniey this
year Hie supports the Administration In
all its actions Strange has a strong persona

following throughout the State

Women Republicans Hold a Mass Mecting.

The women Republicans who are associated
with the National Comuereial and Industrial

ague held a mass meeti'¢ last evening at 797
iaeere 2 The room was crowded with men
and women. Mrs. Cornelia 8. Robinson pre-
sided, apd speeches were made by Miss toes
White of New York, Mra. Emma Beokwith an
Mrs. Helene Beoor TonJes of Canton, Ohlo. All of
them made most enthusiastic speeches whioh
were yooiferously applauded.

Big Repoblican Mecting at Plainfield,

PLAINFIELD, Sept. 25.--Arrangements are
compleie for the monster Republican mass
meting to be held in Music Hall to-morrow

evening. Thechief speaker will be the Hon,
George L, Bartour of Hartford, Conn., a jer
sonal friend of Attorney-General Griggs, at
whore request he was assianed to New Jersey,
Goy. Voorhees and United States Sepator Kean
of Plig sbeth will alao address the meting

} as Watch and Division

| drawbriige across Newark Bay

PROSPERITY THE ISSUE.

Bo Says Secretary Wilson, Who Mas Been Con-
sulting Obto Parmers.

Cricaao, Sept. 2%.--James Wileon of Iowa
Secretary of Agriculture, arrived in Chicago
to-day and spent several hours at Republican
headquarters consulting with Vice-Chairman
Payne Secretary Wilson is on his way to
Topeka, Kan., where he will make an address
before a good roads convention on Thursday

Concerning the political situation the Secre-
tary sald

“I have been in Ohio during the past week
and find the Republican party in splendid
condition

there, and they tell me that they do not
want a change, but are satisfied with
a@eneral prosperity as now enjoyed under

the present Adrainistration Prosperity seems
to be the only issue in Ohio the tariff, the
silver question and other issues being a second.
ary consideration Since 1896 Ohio has endo} ed
wonderful prosperity, and am convinced
the Republican ticket will @o through by an
increased majority. Prosperity is the issue
everywhere, and the same conditions that
a in Ohio are general all over the country.
n my State, lowa, we expect to give a much
larger matority than we did in 1809. No one
need have any fear as to Low that State will
cast its electoral vote.”

FRENCH OPINION OF OUR PLAN.

Idea of Giving China an Opportanity of Self-
Reform Not Well Received
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Panis, Sept. 85 -The Temper to-day declares
that the American reply to the German pro-
posals in regard to China is not well reosived br
the press of the country. Itsaysthat the idea
of giving the Chinese Government an oppor-
tunity for self-reform pasees all bounds and
adds that American optimism must be more
dense than solid.

SPANISH WAR VETERANS MEBT.

The National Army Not to Admit Veterans Who
Served Only in the Philippines,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 25. The National Army
of Spanish War Veterans bewan ita second an-

 

nual eonvention Washington to-da Gen,
J Warren Keifer, the Consmander-ineChief,
presided, At the night session amendment. to
the constitution were discussed. It was practi-
cally agreed that as there w 1 real warin
the Philippines, soldiers whe enlisted after the

corelusion of the treaty of peaos would be in-
eligible for men borshit A committee will be
elected to-morrow to conduct negotiations with
other organizations looking toward consoli-
dation.

Porto Rico Wants 82,500,000 From Cuba.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 25.—-Gov. Allen of Porto Ri-
co has Mledagsinst Cuba a claim for $2,523 516.66,
representing money advanced by Porto Rico to
Cuba in obedience to rova! decrees and orders
during the reriod bxinning April 21, 1871, and
ending Oct.10. is98 The pipers were sent to
the War Department by Gov. Allen. They will
be turn: d over to the Cuben offelals anda re
port on tie claim made to Gen. W ood.

 

 

 

 

Popolation of Clites,

WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.—!h* Census Bureau

has given out the population of the following
cities for 19:0

Fort Worth, Tex., 26,688; increase, 3,612, or 15.65
per cent.

Schenectady, N. ¥., 36,682; increase, 11,780, or
$9.19 per een
Wheeling. W

percent

Va., 84,878; increase, 4,556, or 12,63

North Atlantic Squadron Coming Here.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 25.—Orders were issued
by the Navy Department to-day for the North
Atlantic squadron, with the exception of the
Texas, to proceed to Jompkinsville. The
aquadron is at Newport he Texaae will @o to
Norfolk. The Indiana and the Massachusetts
will leave the rest of the equadron at Tompkin®
ville and proceed to the New York Navy Yard.

Army and Navy Orders,

WASHINGTON, Sept. 25. —These army orders were
qssued to day

Second Lieut. Nathaniel Chambliss, Eighth In-
fantry, from further treatment in the Ceneral Hospital,
Wastiington Harracks, to Fort Snelling.

Acting Assistant Surgeon William M. Rendrick-
son, from Fort McDowell, Cal., to Fort Flagler, Wash..
telleving Acting Assistant putgeon Stephen Wythe,
ordered to San Francisco for duty in the transport

ervice.
. Firat Tieut. Clement A. Trott, Fifth Infantry, a»

atgned to Company EF of et regiment.

These naval orders were issued:
Lieutenant Commander J. M. Helm, from the Stx-
teenth Lighthouse District to the command of the

Dorothea. .
Lieut. W. L. Howard, from the Office of Naval In-

telligenes tothe Dorothea as Exeeuttveand Navigatag.

 

Lieut. RES, Douglas from the Kearsarge to the
Vicksburg as Executive and Navigator.

Tieut. J. FP. Hupbard, from the Constellation to
the Vickaburg as Fixecutive and Navigator

Lieut. H. A. Bispham, from the Jorpedo Station
to the Annapolis as Executive and Navigator.

Ensign W. B. Wells, from the Yankton to the Doro
thea as Wateh and Division OMcer.

Ensign F. L. Sheffield, from the Indiana to the Am
napolis as Wateh and Division Officer.

ensign W. G. Roper, from the Independence to the
Soluon

Ensign L. C. Palmer, toduty on the Indiana

Naval Cadet W. BR. Ferguson, from the Torpedo
Station to the Dorothea as Watch and Division OMcer,

Naral Cadet Hi. L. Wyman, from the Torpedo Sta-
tlon to the Dorothea as Watch and Iitision Officer,

Navel Cadet W. S. Case, from the Yankton to the
Dorothea as Watch and Divison Otecer,

Naval Cadets W. MeFntec, W. F. Bricker and AL
K. Gage, from the Torpedo Station to the Vicksburg

Meera.

Naval Cadet ©, P. Snyder, from the Torpedo Station
to the Annapolis as Wateh and Division OMcer,

Naval Cadet V. A. Kimberly, from the Maassachu-
asettatothe Annapolisas Wateh and Division Officer.

Naval Cadet J. J. Hyland, from the New York to
the Annapolis as Wateh and Division Officer, om

Surgeon F. Bi. Stephenson, from the Baltimore
when out of commission to examination for promotion
atthe Washington yard, thence home and wait orders

Assistant Surgeon W. If. Dell, relieved from addt-
tlone! duty at Norfolk Hospital and to continus duty
on Vixen,

JERSEY CENTRAL LINE BLOCKED,
Newark Ray Drawbridge Gave Ort and Locat

Passengers Travelled by '‘S-oot.’*

The maih line of the Oentra! Rillroad of New
Jersey was cut in two for nearly six hours yea-
terday morning by jhe breaking down of the
The Baltimore
and Oliio and dJeraey Central majl trains

eantime were sent around over the loop line

v way of Newark to Elizabethport, Passen-

ere for the intervening stations hid to watt in
Jersey City until there were enough to justify
anextratrain. Thena “scoot” wos sent out;
that is, a train consisting of two day coaches
drawn by any oldengine, which pulls therm as
far as detred up the line and then pushes them
back «gain.

Robert Dunlap, the Matter, Left $405,500.

Robert Dunlap, the hatter, disposes of an
estite of $400,000 in personailty and $5,500 in
realty by his will filed for probate yesterday,

His widow, Amelia N. Dunlap, Charles F.
Keitor, Arthur ft. Lawson and G.C. Henry are
nomed executors With the exception of
several emall bequests the wholee-tate is to he
held in trust during the life of the testator’s
widow, she to have (he income forlife. At her
death the estate is to be divided into five parts
and put in trusts for his (ive children, with re
mainder over to the issue of each child, The
children are: Minnie I). Baker of Orange, N. J.;
Wizam Allen Dunlap of Chicago, Graoe D,
Jamaon, Mary D Prartat aw and Fannie Baker
Duniap-Johnaon of London.

 

  

Dara tidobataead ee adst

When you purchase a
second hand piano at the
Steinway salesrooms you
can be sure its quality will
be all that is claimed for it.

STEINWAY
Second-Hand
Grands

We have a number of second-
hand grands in stock at prices
from $450 upwards, They pre-
sent an unusual opportunity to
get a fine instrument at a low
price.

STE!INWAY & SONS,

107-100 &. 14th &t.,
Kear Unies Square.

S555 555 O55)

  

 
 
   
     
     
   
     
         
   
     
  

   

    
  

 

I met a large number of farmers |

BOLD COURSE BY GERMANY?

SHANGHAI REPORT THAT KAISER IS
READY TO MAKE WAR ON CHINA,

Forts Commanding Shanghat and Territory
Along the Yang-tse-Kiang to Be Seised if
Leaders of the Chinese Revolt Are Net
Surrendered, the Report Says-—Ultimatum
to Be Delivered by Count Ven Waidersee.

Special Cable Despaten to THE SUN
LONDON, Sept. 26.—-The Shanghai correspond-
ent of the Morning Poet in a despatch, dated

Sept. 25, says
“Field Marshal Count von Waldersee is ex-

pected to arrive at Taku to-day. It is under-

stood that he will tmmediately present an ulti-
maturm demanding the surrender of five leaders
of the anti-foraign rising, a few hours’ grace
only being allowed. If compliance is not then
signified war will be declared

“Germany, taking advantage to the fullest
of her position as the only power warring with

China, is expected to seire Wusung and the

 

 

' Kiangan arsenal, so as to enable her to dom-

| dated Sept.

inate Shanghal, and also to seime the Kiangyin
forta commanding the Yang-tee-Kiang. It
will be quite possible for her with
her force here, aided by the
fleet, to effect this. It is also regarded @s posa-
sible to selxe the Chinese fleot, including the
valuable new cruirers. Falling this, Germany
will, at least, ocoupy all of the Kiangsu prov-
ince north of the Yang-tse-Kiang, thereby oon-
trolling the north bank of the river at ite mouth
and establishing a strong claim to the hinter-
land, including the northern half of the Yang-
tee basin

“France will support Germany. Such apolioy
will be a most sertous menace to British inter-
ests, and prompt action is necessary to prevent
the coup. There is reason to believe that the
ultimatum was prepared here.”

The correspondent adds; “This fe not @
Shanghai rumor, but is reliable information,
It will probably be confirmed by the Foreign
OMes.”

Nothing approaching oonfirmation of the
Poste despatch has been received from
other oorrespondernts |n Shanghai, and there ts
nothing from European sources to indicate
that Germany intends to plunge headlong
into such an enormous undertaking as declar
ing war single-handed against China. In the
light of the information available here the re-
port Is tnoredible.

The Berlin correspondent of the Dodly News
quotes an official personage as saying that
the Cabinet did not intend Germany's proposal
to be Interpreted aa insisting upon the sur
render of the ringleaders of the anti-foreign
revolt, but merely as an expression of her
opinion on the subject and as an argument
by which she sought to explain her concrete
proposal to instruct the representatives of the
Powers to designate those who were unques
tionably guilty. The officia) added that for the
present Germany did not want more than to
ascertain who the ringleaders were, for if this
was not ascertained she would run the risk of
negotiating with the very persons responsible
for the outrages

A despatch to the Daily Newe from Pektn,
18, says it ts persistently main-
tained that the Emperor has left the Dowager
Lmpreas and is now at Tathung, 160 miles west
of Pekin

A St. Petersburg report says the Rassians
under Gen. Sacharoff captured Chalanahen on
Sept 12, soattering 5,000 Chinese and capturing
six guns,

The Paria correspondent of the Morning Poet
states In reference to the reported departure
from Pekin of M. deGiers, the Russian Minister,
and the subsequent denial of the report, that
an misunderstanding occurred owing to
telegraphic delay. M. de Glere had left and
the troops had begun to leave when the
Government decided not to evacuate Pekin.
Instructions to the Minister and mflitary com-
mander to remain were sent, but did not reach
them in time. va

THINK WE WILL RE ISOLATHD,

Opinions of German Officials om Our Attitade
in China,
Special Cable Despaich to THe GUM

BERLIN, Sept. 25.-Government offeers here
cay that the American note does not reply to
the German proposal that the Mini«ters at Pektn
select those guilty of the outrages against
foreigners and puotsh them before peace mago-
tintions are opened. It is added that President
Mokinley will not trust Minister Conger, as the
latter is politioally his opponent.

The officers think that the (United States will
now be isolated so far as China is concerned.
It is etated that the British and Japanese an-
ewers will be favorable to the German proposal,
It is believed that the American troops will
be obliged to return to Pekin soon after leaving
there ;

Severn’ newspapers estate that the replies of
Russia ond@ Japan were received yestarday, It
is said that Russia assents to the German pro
posals in principle. Japan's answer ie still
mor emphatic in expressing approvwnl of the
German plan

ASSIGNMENT OF FRENCH TROOPS,

 

 

Will Bo Divided Between Pekin amd
Tientsin and Intermediate Points,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Sept. 25.—<Gen, Voyron, the commander
of the Frenoh forces in China, cables M. Lanes-
san, the Mintster of Marine, under date of Taku
Sept. 22, that the French troops disembarked
the previous day and headquarters were estab
lshe! at Tientsin, Gen, Voyron immediately
assumed command of the expeditionary forces,
He reporta that the artillery will be dtvided
between Pekin and Tientain, The 18th Marines
will be stationed along the roads between these
two places. The 17th Marines will be stationed
at Pekin, while the 16th Marines will leave thats
olty and take station at Tientsin. The Indo-
Chinese battalion will also remain at Tientatn,

Gen, Voyron gives detalls of the attack by the
Allies on the Peitang forts, from which it appears
that {t was amerereconnolssance. The Chinese
promptiy surrendered. The allies had 100
wounded as a result of explosion of mines.

Ther

GREAT BRITAIN'S REPLY AWAITED,

 

All Other Powers Have Answered Germany
Russia's Annexation of Territory.

Special Cable Derpatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Sept. 26.--All the English oorre.
spondents in Berlin conour tn saying that Great
Beitain’s reply to the German proposal ceon-
cerning China is the only one now awaited
Russia and Japan, it is stated, have assented
in principle This ts interpreted as meaning
that they disassociate themselves from the
idea of demanding the surrender of the orim-

{nals preliminary to the negotiations, though
approving of an investigation to discover
them

Hussia's so-called annexation of Manchuria
attracts little notice. Such information as ts
obtainable, indeed, does not indicate the an-
nexation of more than the relatively amall
area affected by the military operetions along
the Amur River. The annexation of this ter.
ritory has been regarded as a foregone conchy
sion.

DECLARES FOR WAR.

Report at Shanghal That He Has Sent Out
Notice That More Fighting Is to Come,
Special Cadle Deapaichto Tun SUN,

LONDON, Sept. 26.—A despatch to the Standard
from Shanghai says that Chinese officials there
report that Prince Tuan haa issued a secret
edict in the name of the Dowager Empress
informing the authorfties throughout the em
pire that the court has deakded te continue the
war against the Powers at whatever cost £3The
edict threatens that any offictal) who does not
support the Manchus will be beheaded as a
trattor, his fami'y destroyed and the tombs of
his ancestors demolished

TUAN

 

NOTICES OF REAL ESTATE AUCTION
SALES

to occur are printed» day in advence in Tas

i Foy aise had ease
*

 

EELS LE TT Ne
were

Opening of Fall Styles.

A complete exhibition of the most desirable things fn
Men’s Attire for the coming season:

Dress and Business Suits,
Overcoats for Fall and Winter,
Clerical Outfits, Livery Outfits,

Also
Boys’ and Children’s Clothing.

All at the Moderate Prices for High Grade Goods, Which
have characterized this house for nearly fifty years.

ouiPih Avenue

 

 

and vigor.
mother and the baby, the aged, the

ill, the convalescent.
know and recommend it.

Druggists sell it.

Astor Place
Lafayette Place

 

Mali Nubine
is a liquid food
that tones the sys-
tem. Its use brings
appetite, health,

Aids the nursing

Physicians
All
Prepared by

Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n

St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Palo-Lager, Export Pale, Black and Tan, Exquisite and Malt-Nutrine.

 

—

WITHDRAWAL ORDER SENT

ALL OUR TROOPS SAVE A LEGATION
GUARD TO LEAVE CHINA.

Instroctions Cabled to Gen. Chaffee--The
Order Includes All Marines in China Also
—About 1,800 American Troops Will Be
Retained at Pokin as a Legation Guard,

WASHINGTON, Bept. 25.—Adjutant-\jien. Corbin
at 12:3 o’olook this afternoon signed the order
to Gen. Chaffee directing the imme
diate withdrawal from China of all the Amer
can forces with the exception of a legation
guard, to consist of one regiment of infan-
try, four troops of cavalry and one ligh. battery
ofartilery. The order was immediately sent to
the telegraph room for tranamission to Gen, Chaf-
fee. Gen. Corbin gave out the following state-
ment in regard to the instructions to Gen. Chaf-
fon

“Instructions of the Secretary of War were
cabled to Gen. Chaffee to-day that, pending
negotiations for the settlement, a legation
q@uard of one regimen! of infantry, four troops
of cavalry and on* light battery of
artillery under thecommando! Gen Chaffee
will remain in Pekin for the protection of
our Minister and Amerioan Interests and that
the remainder of Gen. Chaflee’s force, along
with staff officers not required, stores and
material, will be sent to Gen. MacArthur at

Manila”

The order of withdrawal includes all the

marines in Pekin and elsewhere in China, In-

uctions to send ther to the ‘‘avité Naval

tation were telegray tied by Secretary Long to
pr SGreirel emey this afternonn.

Directions were also cabled to Gen. Chaffee

confer by telegraph with Gen. MacArthur

nr d to the transportation of the troops

1 Taku to Manila.

,

aes menaiiasada ee

instructions sent to Gen, Chaffee to-day |

Were prepared about a week ago and have heen
in the possession of Adjutant-Gen. Corbin since
en awajting notification as to their transimis-
on. The President has delayed directing the de-
spatch of the instructions until he received
info jon that certain conditions had been
mpli with and that no new com-
tions requiring the presence of a large foroe
D na were likely tooceur) Having receive
eatiafactory assurances in regard to these mat-
ters there wes no omasion for further dea
At 12:05 o'clock this afternoon, Gen. Corbin
ved a telephone message from HKecretary
rtelyoy, at Can anying that “the President
ropes that the order now go forward.” Hof
our later the order wus slaped by the
utan eral and sent to the military
telegraph office for tranamission
" Corp said that he had no idea how
long jt woul ke to get the American oes
t of Chine. at would be arranged 4 en.
en. Corbin

Macaraiur and "Ger ag tn Pekin

wo ot exceed 1,600 men, aa the Various com-
oul severely in the campaign

; in o Gen. Chaffee ta left the salen-

tr o ent ofinfantry, the squadron
er? an @ light battery to be retained

ver's Department has he

he Quacterm
pecting the order to Gen. Chailee to with-
a on ©

tt tise

is troops from China, and
Cs arrangsd to have the transports
wees and Warren at Taku within

umner,
7 he ample to trans

@ wosk. ee meals wil

l
sort on ono trip the tote foree to be cent
anila The | prce with avn numbers abo
3.en pen. ders will be sent af once to Tak
yan erring the supply «hips Kintuck an
Strathzyle to Manila with ali supplies not pec.
to the leyation guar 1
Great interest was shown by ae mss e+
spatch from London reporting that En, and's
newer to Germany was tn terns tdentical wit
Ameriean answer. No confirmatory officis
info been recetved here, but one o
va
well

positive

aition would Te

essar

mation

ge of what Great Britain's po-
¢ felt sure that it would not be
&@ oonourrence in the German proposal

h pevernmen’ has advices which lea
rs

He at J ts practically in accor
Tnitea Bins fy holding that the
authorities of China should have

an opportunity of punishing the Boxer lead-

 

 

Ny
te

SS
SY
\S

 

' the opinion that the ¢
| directly conce

| the acy

chest officers of the Government, who is |
ualtfied to fudge, agid that while he had no | \
| regard to Mr, G

ere and that peace negotiations should proceed
without reference to the acti.n of the Chinese
Government in this matter. Japan's

tion, as interpreted from the official advices
received here, is that Gefmany's proposition
to punish the Boxer leaders could not be cam

ried out, as it depends for success largely on
their willingness to surrender themse tw
the Powers

‘ranos and Russia, the Government belteves;

ein accord wit! the stand it has tak
pu no ofictal explanations of the attitude

o36 two countries has reached the State De-
partment

The (Government has heard_by telegrap
m one of its officers in the the re
that Prince Tuan, the Boxer ee g! has been

= © be Grand Secretary the Ch

nplre, he information was sent m y
as oroport, however, an. the offloar who trans-
ppitte: {t could not vouch for its accuraop.

m what the authorities here say it is -
dent that Prince Tuan would not be accep e
to the Government of the United States.

In one of the communications received by
the State vartment from |4 Hung Chang,
it wae ae by the Chinese diplomatist

at he hac puggonved that in addition to Prince
Ching he should have aseoclated with bin in
conductin the peace negotiitions Gen. —
Iu and the iceroy of Hapkow. In view

Minister Conger's statement that lmpertal troops
fired on the American legation, Ju im
commander of the Chinese forces tn Pekin, would
be disqualified to act as a negotiator

There is authority for the assertion that
Set: Low, of New York, is being consid
by the President for appointment aa one of the
Rlenipotentiaries to assiet Minister Conger in
he conduct of the peace negoUations. It ig not
likely that Jolin W. Foster, former Secre'
of State, would be appointed as one of the
plenipotentiarins even if he wanted the office,
and dtr Foster said to-day that would no’
take it in any circumstances. His close con-
nection with the Chinese Government, notably
in the peace negotiations after the Chinene-
Japanese war, and the fact that he fs acting as
counsellor of the Chinese legation here, are
deemed sufficient by the authorities to ais.
qualify him from serving

William Woodville Rockhill, the t's
apedial commissioner to China, will proba-
bly not be appointed one of the American
commissioners to negotiate peace, but will be
designated as a counselior or as the secretary

 

    

of the commission,

Several despatches have been_ received at
the State Department fr Mr. Rockhill, but
the officials will not say whether ft ts true
as ft ted from Berifn, that Mr. Rockhill
and sti ister Conger tiuve aceused the Empress
Dowager and t Atinwarot Kwang-su of Freche
Ing (he attacks on foreigners tobe made. From

 

the reticence displayed on this subiect and the
fact that Minister Couger Is gown to be of

inese Government was
rned in the attack on the legationg,
{t is reasonable to suppose that he has made
s“aation reporved from Berlin and has
yerhaps been joined in it by Mr Rockhill, who
haa been raking an_ investigation of the part
played by Chinese ofMfici in the anti-foreign

uprising

Minister Wu called on acting
fecrotary of to-day t ask for
Chinese news. HH has not recefved any ads
view from his Government Wu and the
acting Secreta discussed the reported aps
polaunent of Prince Tuan as Grand Secretary
of the Empire. Mr. Wu axplatned that the
ofce is an honorary sinecure, but became of
considerable linportance if occasion de
mand There Wa ne corresponding office
{in other countrl In Mr. Wu's opinion the
report of Tuan’s appoinwnent ie not tru as
the place has never “bean ov ipled by a prince

of the blood royal
In ateeeran to the State Department Jobin
Consl-Ger at
0

 

 

Tinw-fang
State Hil

   

Goodnow, United states:
Shonghai, «aos that the consular bod
having heard that the Tastal of Shancha w
ver. friendly toward the foreieners
In the recent troubles, w® to be replaced by
a notorious and-fore gn leeder, had protested
against the chane When Mr. Goodnow's
teleeran: was ert the Taotal was
etill in offe and no offical annonnee
ment tha he owas to be renoved
had heen le The State De artenent has
not deam it necessary to take any action in
»odnow's participation in the
protest and thie silence is a virtual approval

 

 

of his course. OMfictals here do not healtate
to say that ff the friendly Taotal ts to be super
ceded by anti-foretan leader the Powors

an
ust reg uch aA Corse as a display of dee

Rance pg iendliness on the part of Ch

which muat be dealt with In a radical way,

=a

DAS

You are
no stronger
than your
stomach

You can strengthen
your stomach if you "
use the new Digestor—

" Johnson's Digestive Tablets

“PAPOIDS.”

 

 

|
|