=
WEDNESDAY, SEPT EMBER ®

— OO
Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

TLY, per Month.

 

—_CC

, 1900.

 

 
   

ILY, per VOOr....ccsersssererreerereeeees €00
GUNDAY. per Voar..--....- seeee 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year dh

0

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month

Postage to foreign coun Wies adued
Tus SUN, New York City.

Pants—Kioaque No. 18, pear Grand Mote, and
Kiosque No 10, Boulevard des Capucines

If our friends who favor ua wih manuseripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, hey
must .n all cases send shampas for (hal purpose

 

 

 

Driving Business Away.

A despatch from Lincoln printed in yes-
terdaf's Sun gave the true sry of the
trust, short but complete In Nebraska
City there is a factory belonging to the
great starch company or starch trust as it
fe called. This factory represents the
town's chief tndustry. The Nebraska At-
torney-General has begun suit to bar the
starch company from the State as an un-
lawful combination, and the owners of the
factory have announced the very natural
intention to take their business elsewhere,
in case this suit is pushed Naturally also
the employees of the starch works have
passed resolutions denouncing the in-
tended abolition of their means of liveli
hood and demanding that the suit be dis-
missed. The Nebraska City peopie like
their bread and butter like other people,
and they know. moreover, on which side
their bread ts butterext

Bryanism would drive
out of the State of Nebraska
to ita bitter end, Bryanism would
the entire trust business out of the United
States. Whereupon it would follow that
the business would be carried on in other
countries, as the Hon. Joun B,
STANCHFLELD “these aggregations
of capital represent the unification of every
important industry in the land.” Bryaniam
would, by destroying the trust principle,
drive from the United States every im-
portant industry in the lund capable of
transfer We it in no desire to set
class against « but Bryan, STANCH-
FIELD & (Co. are first-class parties for the
ved in the great trust

the starch trust
Carried
drive

since,
says,

aay

isa

business inen emplo
industries to vole agalnst.

Hands Off!

uncertainty about the
disturbance produced
which is, at least, 60 far

Except for the
election and the
by the coal strik:
connected with po
national election was chosen to precipitate
{t, the course of the © mumercial and finan-
cial marketa would now be {ndicative only of
unexampled prosperity and universal buai-
neas confidence, ‘Jliat is not an electioneer
ing statement, but an expression of the
actual sentiment of the whole business
community throughout America and of
the universal financial opinion in foreign
parte. It is fact, not fancy

Neither is the business community less
united in the opinion that all this present
prosperity and this assurance of greater
prosperity to come would at once be re-
versed and destroyed by the election of
BrraN. Nor is the opinion any the less
strong or unanimots einong Democrats
than among Republicans of lutelligernoe.
Suggestions lmproving chances for
BryaN are put out as “ bear” arguinents
even by his nominal supporters, as @ Dasis
‘“‘short.” That a

e
or

on which to sell stocks

that the year of a |

 

, ment if our civilization is to endure

————

peril. Grounds of safe and proper political
division on great questions of policy and
Constitutional interpretation which have
extated in this Republic from its foundation
still remain. There are different shades
and differentiations of economical and
financial! policy which may reasonably
divide public sentiment, But to put all
business and all property at etake in
an election is a crime so terrible that its
commission by ambitious politicians must
always be visited with crushing punish-

Bryan was defeated four years ago,
but not badly enough. He should have
received a punishment so dire that his
party would never again have dared to
renew the assault initiated by him in |
changing a party of an illustrious record |
in American history into an engine for the
destruction of the foundations of all pros-
perity and all sane and prudent business.

Handa off! let the people cry out to every
party which ventures to interfere with their
obvious practical welfare; and let every
public man concerned in such an attempt,
directly or indirectly, be punished unspar-
ingly by their unforgetting resentment.

The duty of administering that punish-
ment now rests on Democrats peculiarly,
for it is thelr party whose machinery is
used for the destructive assault, It isa
duty, too, which they must perform if their
party ts to be preserved from deserved
reprobation as an organization. To have
{ntroduced such an issue as that which
is to be decided at the coming election is
a political crime which will be repeated
in an even more odious and dangerous
form if it is not now castigated by the in-
teiligence and sobriety of the American
people of both parties so bitterly that the
most unprineipled ambition will never
again dream of making political profit
by an attack on property and the founda-
tions of prosperity

Such fa the fasue of the election. To
assume that the division in it will be on
the old historio party lines is to tnsult the
Democracy. It 1s not a natural develop-
ment of either party's principles, but a
political monstrosity for which neither is
legitimately reaponsible—a new and morbid
growth which both parties must unite In
extirpating as politically canoerous.

The Withering of Carl
Right Hand.

To accuse the Hon. Cant Souvrz of polit-
ical vagrancy is like blaming a Jellyfish for
lack of fibre, or impeaching VANDERDECKEN
for irregular habits of navigation. It is
nearly forty years since ABR4HAM LINCOLN,
the most tolerant and patient of mankind,
correctly estimated the infirmities of per-
sonal character that account for Mr.
Scuunz's public self-manifestations, Lin-
COLN understood Mr. Scuvurz then; prob-
ably everybody, with a single exception,
has come to understand him now.

The single exception is the stateeman and
orator who, during the Tilden-Hayes cam
paign of 1876, in the Academy of Musio at
Newark, declared that his right hand should
wither or rot sooner than his voice should
be raised against the sound financial policy
represented by the Republican party; and
who, on the same occasion, pledged himself
to oppose the Democratic party whenever
it menaced the public welfare. Mr. ScHURZ |
was then speaking in German, and his lan-
guage and gesturés were reported as fol-
lowa in the New Jersey Freie Zeitung of
October 25, 1878:

“Teh kAmpfe nicht flr Manner, sondern fir Offent-
iche Zweeke Fir eine gesunde Finangpolitik habe

Schurz's

| teh Jahre lang gekAmpft, weil sie fur den Woblstand

panto would be the price the country would |
have to pay for his election is recognized |

as devitable by Democrats who are seek-
{ng by apologizing for him to estabilah
their party * regularity,” with a view to
their future political profit

Now, thls ts a atate of things which ought
to be mnoastble in a great and rich country of
aeventv-five millions of people, with a com-
plexcivilization. That interestsaso enormous
should be put in jeopardy by a political

contest for the control of the Gevernment

savors of barbarity and not civilization
In the division of parties in thls country
there is always little preponderance on
either side. ‘The American people are so
evenly divided between the Republican
and Democratic parties that even the
greatest victortes at an election won by
either never rise above a small peroentage
af the total vote and thus every election
is shrouded with uncertainty

Take the national elections sinoe the

fia 1888, OUT Of
fe

(vil War

five and three-quarters i milllon votes
polled, the Repubiicana won by leas than 4 |
per cen Even in 1872, when the nomi
nation of Horna GReERIEY disorganized
the Democratic party, the Republicans
won by only a litele er.l per cent., out
of a total of nearly sit and one-half million
votes. In 1874, out of nearly elwhe and
one half 1 ion votes here was only a
difference of about 2 7 Oent. between
TILDEN and Hlarrs. In 1880, out of nearly |
nine and one-quarter million votes, the
difference between the partis was only
about one Ina thousar Tn 1884, the Demo-
oocrats W t leas than t per cent. out
of more than ten million votes In 1888
the Republi + won by lees than 1 per
Gent. out i) an eleven and one-third
million In ' he Democrats
were pul in power by only a little over
8 per cent. of the more than twelve million
votes polled Iven in 1806, BrYyaN was
only beaien by about S per cent. of the
fourteen milifons of votea polled

Of course ese percentages relate to |
the popular vot and not to the Electoral
vote; but onls ey can show how closely
divided vy are the people IIo ,
then € ‘than h siness anxietv
as to re we coming ele A
with S's tremendous consequences for
business and every interest of the nation
and of every citizen?

With the country 60 closely divided
politically, the welfare of our civilization
demands that beth parties shall be re
strained fror Prova to it by
the warning fie} ir fe ment ¢
inevitahie oe” hte niry ia too
big and sf te art gigantic and
far reaching sifered
to impert i to dist and to
check ¢ n 1 progress by any far
tastic and « ental poley which runs
oontrary toa dginent and experience
of etviliz We cannot afford to allow

o ‘ is wns Inthe polit al game
There ane al = practica neiples
= iby ¢ * ! = 7 ivilization
pee | are undertake

. ARAITS i rt ld always
ty ‘ e lerstand } the nite
intellizence of thr a ntry a pte

atte
what may be its partisan attachments,

a total of about |

 

that {t canon! niake the assault at its

wave i:
HU Ve vmrnerieetN epee ONKL Oe Un

ue |

des Landes nothwendig {st, und eher mége diese |
Hand verdorren (de bet die rechte Hand erhebdens! als
dass ich meine Stimme dagegen abgebe. Die Fi
nanzpollu’ der republikantschen Partel war su Ebre |
der Nation, fur *na:r'elle Enrifehkelt, und niemals |
beabsichugte ste el, Repudiationsgesetz wie es die |
Demolraten tn 1848 versuchten

“In Geldsachen hart die Gemithtiehkelt auf und }
auch bet meinen demokratischen Freunden wenn sic |
in die Tasche greifen und eahlen miissen. [Fin |
gecbsarhn jabrigyr pirger Mann unterbrach bler den
Redner mit den Worten: ‘Vor vier Jahren, SCHURZ”
Hert SCHURZ er #lederte pron.,t} Wobl, ich sprach
fir den Siiden, so lange er Unrecht Hitt, anerich bin
gegen thn, wenn ear Unrecht thut (Beifall.} Ich
wirde ff_ir die demokiatische Partel sein, wenn sit
dem Offentiiche Wohl diente, aberich bin gegen sie,
well ste demeelben schadeh Ich habe die dem»
kratische Partel kennen gelernt, well ich einmal tn
Nebenrimmer @eschiafen habe”

 

Or, in English

“T do not ight for men, but for public objec
have fought for years for a sound @nancial
hbeeause tb was necessary for the well hbelng of the |
country, and may this hand wither ‘ratsing bis right
bend) before | give my vote against it The financtal
policy of the Republican party was for the honor of
the nation, for @caneial honesty, and never has \t
had tn mind a repudiation iaw such as the Demo-
erate (ried in 1865

“In money matters good nature stops and 60 It
does with my Demorraiic friends when they are
obliged to put thetr Bands {nto their pockets and to |
pay {A young man of 16 interrupted the speaker
herewith the words, ‘Fouryear ago, ScHURZ” Mp.
Scvrenz answeret promptly.) Certainty, I spoke for
the South so long a@s it suffered wrong, but [ am

it when lt does wrong. (Applause) I
for the Demorratic party tf it served the
pu rat 1 am against it because {t is barm
ful to tt ! hare learned to know the Democratio
party, because I onee slept tn the nest room.”

for the party of repudiation—the party
which even tn 1874CaRL Scuurz had learned
to know—for the party and cause of dis-
honest money, hia voice is now raised. Ha
has found a pretext, satisfactory only to
himaelf, for ranging himself with Bryan
against the welfare of the land and the
financial honor of the Nation,

polley

ta

opposed
shonld

to
me

vite good

It does not seem to be Herr Scuvnz's |

right hand that has withered or rotted, but
his intellect and his political conscience.

 

Enlarging the Astatio Squadron,

In order that American interests in China
may not be endangered by the impending
withdrawal of our troops from that country,
where only a legation guard is to be main-
tained hereafter, Secretary Lona has directed

that the Asiatic aquadron be reenforeed
by the assignment to it of several naval
veasels now in the Atlantic, and orders

have been issued for the battleship Ken-
tucky, the cruiser Albany, the gunboats
Wilmington, Annapolis and Vicksburg,
and the converted yacht Dorothea to pro-
at once join Admiral Remry's
command

Phe battleship Kentucky “is one of our
newest has a displacement of
11,625 tons, carries four 18-inch and four
finch rifles in superposed turrets, and
has a complement of 654 officers and men
the Kentucky is the first vessel of her
type to go into general service, and her
behavior on the voyage around half the
world, and under the conditions of active
service, will be followed with Interest in
every navy

ceed lye

ships; she

 

 

of battleships in the fleet
The protected cruiser Albany was built
in England for Brazil, but was bought

the United States at the beginning of
spaniel war

by

She has been comunis-
sioned for only a few months, and is now
at the Pirwus, in Greece, on a leisurely
Voyage throug the Mediterranean, It
uo Omics we weew coem 8 8 rere

oo 88s wees

   
 

eter me Neth Sb nF dime larry pete Alo Kiting ion Ae th yl oars

i

| froonalstency

She will double the number |

 
 

 

was expected at one time that she might
have a message to the Sultan to deliver,
but the exigencies of the service will prevent
his Turkish Majesty from seeing what
long guns this veasel carries. The Albany
carries six @-inch and four 4-inch rapid
fire rifles, and has a complement of 24 officers
and %1 men, The Wilmington is now in
the South Atlantic squadron; in fact, she
is half that squadron. She carries eight
4-Inch rapid fire rifles, and about 200 officers
and men, She ls to go by way of the Medi-
terranean, and will be employed rather
in Philippine waters than on the Chinese
coast: her small draught makes her valuable
among the islands,

The two smaller gunboats, the Annapolis
and the Vicksburg, are likewise deatined
for Philippine service. They carry six
4-inch rifles, and about 175 officers and men.
The Dorothea is a converted yacht, and
will be used as a gunboat at Manila.

To take the place of the Wilmington,
the rejuvenated protected cruiser Atlanta
has been ordered to join the South Atlantic
fleet, She has been entirely altered from
her first form, and now carries two 8-inch
rifles and six éinch rapid fire guns, and
has about 300 officers and men,

The redistribution of vessels will increase
the Asiatio squadron by six vessels, one of
thern the most powerful! battleship afloat, and
will add to the personne! of the fleet about
1,400 officers and men, sufficient to provide
large landing parties in case of need,
By this reénforcement, Admiral ReMEY'S
fleet will consist of thirty-five vessels.
Of these the smaller are in Philippine waters,
where large ships are less useful; the larger
vessels are along the Chinese coast.

John McAuley Palmer.

Full of honors as was the life of Gen.
Jonw M. Pater, and great as were his
services to the country, he never attained
higher honor or served his fellow citizens
better than when he uttered these words
leas than two months ago

Imperialism isa falsealarm., The country is not,
nor are Mr. MCKINLEY and bis followers, believers
in imperialism. Mr. BRYAN is the high priest of
Popullsin, a faction thats already strong enough to
menace the best interests of asafe Government be
tween MCKINLEY and BRYAN there ts but one
course—W vote for MCKINLEY."

No man this campaign had summed
up the whole situation more tersely and
vigorously.

Gen. Patarer ved long enough after
1898 to witness the full vindication of his
refusal to remain with the party that de-
graded iteelf and dishonored the name
of Democracy at COnicago in that year.
Ha lived long enough, likewlse, to see the
useleasness of such half-way measures and
{ndirect movements to defend the nation’s
honor as that which he headed fou
ago, And now he departs, !
counsel of wisdom and patriotism to th
who were with him then.

Peace to the ashes, and honor to the
meniory this fine American!

r years
this

  

*

ol i!

 

The Stanchfleld Exposure.

The disvovery that Mr. StancHFIFLD, the
Democratic candidate for Governor In
New York, had committed himself defl-
nitely and elaborately and more than once

 

as an Ultra-expansionist, that he had no |
healtancy in aceepting the Democratic

anti-expansion nomination with this record |

behind him, and has endeavored to suppress

that record, since it has been revealed,
by all sorts of foollgh evasions and pre-
varications, bears acutely, of course,
upon the estimate which must be forme
of Mr. STANCHFIELD'S personal and political
character, His itch for office seems to be
auch as to blind him to the prodigious
and public tmmorality
his conduct and to te wholly ridic
position In which he now finds hit iself
“What is a little matter of the Constity
tion between friends?” sald one of
local atateamen to an eminent political
personage in Washington some years ago
Phat phrase, and the conception of political
wisdom and honor it stands for has aunk

lous

n

  

deep into Mr. Stancuetery’s heart. What

ia common decency, a previona declaration
| of solemn princtples, a profession of public
| polley, orof public or private belief in any

thing, if a nomination for the Governor-
ship hangs {n the balance? We think the
people in this State will be found on: ection

day to have different views about these
things from Mr. STANCHFIELD'S

But in a deeper and graver sense, the
revelation of Mr. SYANCHPIFLD'S history

asa cabid imperialist is a superb exposure
of the utter hollowness of the entire Demo
eratio “ anti-imperialist ” outery. If it was
a real thing wth any soul in it, that

| percentage of reserve in the |

in any way appealed to men’s intellects |

or inflamed their hearts, Mr. StaNncHFiELD
would not have dared toaccept the Deno-
eratio nomination for Governor on a plat
form reaffirming the Bryan declaration of
principles at Kansas City If the Den
crates of the Btate or any proportio f the
people in the State thought about expan
sion as the Democratic platforms declare
they do, there would have been no thought
of nominating for Governor a nan who,
eighteen months before, had lauded the
aucceaa of American arma in the Philip-
pines and had declared that every law,
human and divine, entitled us to the legitl-
mate frults of our victories over the Spanish

| arms
The dealings and attitude upon the Phil-
| ippine question of Mr. Bayan and through
| him of the Democratic party have been
from start to finish those of and
parry, instead of a wholeaome and sturdy
stand Mr. Bryan and his followers have
endeavored to so place themselves that
they could be in opposition to the Republi-
can party, no matter what the event pros od
Republican action to be. If a decision of
the Supreme Court was handed down at
any time declaring t Qn
and present governmen the
waa wholly sanctioned by the Constitution,
Mr. Bryan's hattle ery would
that the country flooded
Asiatic labor If we had abandoned
Philippines, Bryan would to-day he
nouncing President McKintry for it
The anti-imperial-
| jem {a fietitious, factitioue and fraudulent
It is the mos€ bungling attempt to make

in

n

fence

mit oon maegsion

ot islan is
heen
with
the
de-

have
woud he

Dernocratic isme of

 

an issue out of nothing of which a p onl
party in this country was ever guilt:
About the Silver Trast,
| To THR EDITOR OF THE SUN-— St Will you |

kindly inform melf there is nota Sliver Trust wuose
hopes are centred in the election of W. J Bryan
New YORK, Sept 25 ;

The meaning of the word “trust’’ being questioned,
ee say to this inquirer that, speaking accurately,
there {sno Silver Trust The silver inwrests are not
organized on the trust plan. ‘l hese s@me silver inter-
esis were understood to be for Bryan in 1496, and all
that we can be Sure of this year ts thal they are not
for Bryan as solidly as they were four years ago, for
the reason that every business, even the silver min-
ing business, Knows that Lryan's election means
business disaster generally, and that no business
could come through the crisis without b

u

7
=

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.

MEN WHO WORK FOR TRUSTS.

 

The Necessity of Organization for the Well-
Being of Society. |

To Tum Epitor or Tar Sun--Sir; I would |
like to tell the “Independent Republican” who
writes (n yesterday's issue a sad story about &
young man working for a “trust’’ at 616 per
week, of a young man I know who went to work
for the terrible Standard Oi! Trust in a subor-
dinate place. Without any influence except his |
steady and attentive judgment, he is now Bet |
ting $3,000 4 year

Young men will be better off by not listening |
to demagogues like Bryan, telling them they |
need help. Manly, thoughtfu! youth can help
itself, It is only the boy who loafs on corners
sucking cigarettes, the young man who puts
duty aside for pleasure, who needs help. He
has to be helped all his life. The outery agaifst
commercial organization is born of demagogto
sophistry and not of econamic atudy, It ie
hard to get men to recognize foross. They
will fiaht the irresistible like a ohild,

Organization everywhere has come to stay.
It is the growth of progress. Indtvidualism
means only the lonely savage, or In civilization
the thoughtless and the mean who must be con-
trolled by thoughtful organization. In industry,
wild and uncontrolled production would mean,
with our improved machinery, frequent indus-
trial troubles, bringing misery to thousands. The
Almighty gave us brains to’ invent machinery
to lessen our hours of labor and bring happi-
ness, and only combin ition will think out the
way. You can get nothing from individual
greed

“I. R." must remember ‘that the market ts
alwaya at the mercy of the meanest man fn it.”
Business men must combine to cut him out, or
the standard of living would be too low to be
worth the living. He has too much power now.
Organization has come to stay so long as the
competitive system exists, Young men must
specialize. Drifting when young will not do.
A special business education is better than a
prolo ged college education that bas no profes-
sion or specialization in view. Ga. @.

New York, Sept. 24

 

The Consequences of Bryan's Election as Seen
by an Employee.

To Tae Eprror or THE Scxn—Air: Tam
an employee of the Metropolitan Traction Com-
pany and am fairly wel) satisfied regarding
wages and work,as the company is Justin its
treatmentof the men. I know that there are
hundreds of men waiting on the application
lista.

In case of Bryan's election, with its conse
quent throwing out of employment thou-
sands of men at present working, what a prea-
sure there will b: for work from men who have
a yolitical pull or otherwise, and what an inoen-
tive for the company tt will be to discharge nen
on the slightest provocation, to say nothing of
the effect of sucha pressure rewarding wages!
Iam going to let well enough alone, and shall
vote for my family by casting a ballot for Mr.
McKinley AN 1806 BRYAN MAN,

New Yorg, Sept. 24.

Question of Another Trast Man.
lo rns Eprtorn or Taz Sun—Sir: lam em-
a trust and get $350 a day. Can
Bryan or Mr. Croker get me as
place {f they succeed tn sir hing the
ts? JAMES F. CROAN
BHOOKLIN, Sept 2

ploved by
and wil) Mr
gorda

ir

 

IN KANSAS.

PROSPERITY

Remarkable Showing in the State Bank Ex-

aminer's Report.

oreka, Kai Sept. 25.-Bank Examiner
joln W. Bereidenthal has issued a statement
regarding the condition of the State banks of

us. Mr. Breidenthal is the candidate of
Democrata and Populista for Governor
[he statement shows that there are now de-
to $81,645,670.28. A year
26,006,357.98. On June
unted to $20,272,692.85
$10,468,000, the largest
istory of the
State Since June 4 6ix State banks, with
deposits aggregating $10,000, have gone Into
the national system, hence the actual increase
in deposits in the State and private banks since

T

Kans
nan

posita an runtng

ago the deposits were

 

sita an

now

jam, the dey
reserve 1s

4,
l

 

that 4 is $8,273,000
commenti gu ©. the conditions of the Kan-
ana banks Mr. Brel enthal saye The im-
mense surplus of $10,000,000 available for loans
be more fully appreciateu when compared
“ the aurplus hel. by the Associateu ar ka
New c city. on the same cata With
over $00,001,400 of ceposits on Sept. t, thie
New York banks hel. $27,000,000 in excess of
the legal reserve, Wha Kansas Suite and private
banks, with lene than $42,000,009 of
cepos {ta have over $10,000,000 reserve
Ipe reserve in New York Is decraasing, while fn
Kansasil fs constently increasing. Leonfidently
expect the depesits {fn banks under my control

t raacn $36,000,000 before the close of the year

  

’ irate what this large surplus means I
attention te the fact that our banks could
tand a withdrawal of deposits double the
a nt withdrawn during the panic of 1895
without Calling ina single loan and still havea
merve 20 per cent. in excess of the legal re-
ere
[he present increase of bank deposita and
the general improvement in the condition
of Kansas banks is the natural result of
four wears Of good crops. The bia wheat crop

many of our farmers to pay
tndebtedness, The proceede
1808 and 1890 were Inveated
provements, in the purchase of
ehold furniture and in stock.
The proceeds of this year simmense wheat
crop will largely go into banks Add to this
the proceeds of a large number of cattle that
™ » marketed in the next ninety days, asa
result of our short corn crop, and the result
will be aful crease in bank deposits with
a possible reduction of loans.”

enabled
re

ISU,

     

  

in

  

hiners

Sorrows of the Rich and Great.

Pte the sorrows of the poor richand the
wretcned who are placed in hgh stations! The
Jijoheas of Arayle wrote the other day to the
1 Kings, Princes and Princesses of
1 ng them whom they envied in this
wor.dof Phe replies which she received
One can almost aee the tear
ins b tween or fancy the sighs and
the end of each period. First comes the
Wales with the following
vy the man to whom it is

disposed, without the f

pero!
rope, aak
rrows

&

the line

are heartrendtr

st
soba n

Prince
vermitied
act boing

if of
e siigiitivi
it into this shape
ers of Rhurope

who can breakfas! in pe .cea without thean-
nouncement tthe newspapers ‘his Highness
aie with agood appe'ite’—end who can go te
the races without findl g the next morning
nt e same papers, ‘Hs iilghness bet heavily.’
Ina word, I nvy the man who belongs to nis
ijamily alone, and ® Ose movements are not
watched and fal-el inserpretes r

Prom the Prinoess (harles of Denmark oomes
the following: ‘When 1locan takea ride on my
biewele, and afterward devo.e myself entirely
to my own fatolly affairs, | envy ne body. But
when [havetobe her Royal Highness, I envy
everybody

Emperor

“
to t
}

William TI. gives this melancholy,
but b Idrevly, roorly calculated to please the
eana-parrie: ‘There ts only one man in the
world that [do not envy, and that is the rascal
who does not love his country.”

  

From Finperor rates Joseph comes this
answer, doubtless wri'tenin the tone of a sigh,
woatever thal may be: “Lenvy the fate of the

fellow who isn’t an Emperor.”’

With notes more sustained, assuming for the
sake of symphony that there is musio in a sigh
the Czar huins dole‘ully inthis key: ‘I st: cerely
envy every an W s not loaded down with

the carea of a great Empire, and who has not to
woep for the woes of a people.”

f isis a mighty poor show ng eurely. Inthe
pursuit of happiness, Where the mischief are
weallat?

 

From Another Virginian,

To THE EDIVOR OF THE SUN—Sir: T noticed in
your fesue of this date a communication signed a

Virginian aying he Wasone of a dining party
made up of five Southerners, all Democrats, and that
all five intended to vote for Mr. McKinley

il was one of a partyof six Southern men afew
evenings #ines,
chists), and Ove of the six said they intended wo vote
for Mr. McKinley.
; We are supposed to be branded ‘'‘Democrat" at our
| birth, 'ut when we arrive at years of discretion we
sometimes have added the words “patriotism” and
“honesty.” ALSO "A VIRGINIAN "
; New YORK, Sept. 24.

Scribner's Magasine for October is an interesting
number, with contributions from Henry Norman,
Richard Harding Davis, Mr. Barrie, Walter A.
Wyckof, John R. Spears, Lloyd Osborne, and
others not so well Known to magagine readers as
these. The late Gen Jacob D. Cox prepared an ar
tide on the convention between Gen. Sherman and
Gen. Johnston relative to the latter's surrender

| which appears in this number; it ls of much histor’
| eal interes}

dismal |

spread all over the |
Hia H ghness ts seriously |

ll of us Democrats (but not Anar- |

FORCES THAT WORK FOR GOOD.

 

 

The Folly of Opposition to Natural Business
Lawe—Trtste.

To rue Epiron or Tua SuN—Sir; The laws
of evolution work upward, and each of ite prod-
ucta is of a higher order than its predecessor.
It is, like the law of “supply and demand,” in-
evitable in its action, and cannot be resisted
successfully.

In the last Presidential election Bryanism
attempted to overr.de the law of supply and
demand by seeking national authority to give
to silver @ fictitious value beyond that fixed by
its quantity and the market call for it |

Four natural laws make it impossible for our
people permanently to endure “free silver at
16to1;"" The law of supply and demand; the
law that bad money drives good money out of
circulation; that bad money enhances the prices
of staple necessities; and that in an era of bad
money wages increase muc!) slower than prices.

Mr. Bryan sayx very little now in regard to
hig sliver plank. For a time he awarded ‘‘para-
mountoy”’ to “non-expansion,”” Here again he
ran counter to a natural law—the law of
growth, that all creatures must grow until they
begin to die. Expansion has been the fixed
policy of the nation continuously sinc ite in-
auguration by Jefferson in 1803, The several

expansions under McKinley are just as fixed
and are in perfect aiignment with the preceding
national! policy of nin-\y-seven years

But Bryanism is weakening ita faith in onpo-
aition to the growth of the national territory.
The latest effort of Mr. Bryan ts another attack
upon a law of evolution. And this he does by
seekiia to deatroy utterly thos: great oc mbi-
nations of brains and money wh.ch are how
styled ‘‘truste.”

n the infa icy of mankind each man was &
unt—a aolltary workman, hunter, fi her,
builder—his hand against every mun and every
man against him. Slowly, under the jaw of
evolution, small bands combined or common
protection orco: mon assault, Villages grew
outof “combinations,” then towns, Cities, States
and nations.

in lik manner the agriculturiet, the traces-
man and the manufacturer dscovered that
two hands, two heads and two pur-es were

 

| of the two political parties were present and the

' the members as follows:

better ard stronger than one of half the power. |

So firms or partnerships arose

Next, as betierresul 8 ona larger acale seemed
desirable,some benefactor of the race devised the
“corporstion” whereby any one of stall Can-
ital might contribute to nis ability, even though
but one share in amount, and proportionately
sharein the gains. This was a distinct advance
on the lines of ev lution for the development of
potentialities,

As it had been proved that ‘firms’ were good
instruments, that “‘oorporations’’ were even
more effic.ent,, #0 it became evident to the
mister minds of commerce that ‘‘corpora-
tions,” like other persons, migh' aggressle
their sep rate forces into one great whole,
andasa “combinat on,” ora ‘pool,’ or “trust,”
make, proguce, buy an. sell at greater ad-

terview upon his arrival at Vancouver, B.C. | manding officer of the Paraqua for report, 1

recently which, in the form it was printed, | acknowledged that the letter was written

| eeemed to belittle Admiral Dewev's victor’ at | for home solely, and that part which refers
to looting done In Nuevas Caceras by myself

yantage to the shareholcersandthe community
than if its members acted as separate cor ora- |
tions, This was buten exten-ion, or natural

evolution, of the original and fundamental idea
that ‘in uulon there is etr. ngtb.”

There ia no other just reason for forbiddin
great combinaticns than for forbidding sma
ones—except in the fear of their power for
harm, But their power for good \seven grea er
Nicht or wrong isto be determined by prin-
ciple, and there ia but one principle in every
combination, whether it involve one hundred
or one billion dollars—-and that is the sire gih
ofunton. Per se, there is no wrougin forming
a gigantic combination. Indiscriminate atta k
fa giniply silly. It iano less silly to insist upon
dra:tic leg slation to destroy orcripple the
great trusts,”
ganceof ‘paternalism which {s anti-Demo-
cratic and anti-rea-on—it d\ arfaand restrains
all united effort in commerce and
ures

the glorious common law is broad enough
to contro every wrong that may be done bya
monopolizing truat Th re needs but hig!
honor and high ability among the State Chan

cellora and Judges to regulate and punish “ny
misbehaving ovrjorati n or combination
Thar, ind is one of thechie duties of the

   

“infunettons,’'«omuch denounced by Brvani«n
If cur law officers fall in their duty, get new
ones; but do not strangle or prevent the birth
of the mighty aggregations of brains and cap
{tal which are the newlr evolved machines for
the highest national development
Some ‘trusts have been opr ressive, but the

resists
As A consequence of evoluton
human industries, in agriculture, minne,
manufactures, cvemistry, ar’, law, |l.torat re
and ;olities are beat earrkd on by combina-
tions of many united for the com> on good
| The world will never go downward and back
| ward to theancient plan of ind vidual action

y all

near

What {s the Bryanistic party bu @ trust
mani ulated by Bryan; the Re u'iican by
McKinley, Tammany by Croker? Yet 1 would

not willingly see any of ‘hose aggregations of
“force” removed from the sum of our country’s
power. Regulate it, if you will, Justly and
wis*ly, but never ‘destroy’ any vital foros

The labor party and itsunions are then
powerfulofall the ‘trusts, and somet mes the

ost
y

| oppressor haltawhen the o; pressed properly |
|
|
|
'

That would be the extrava- |

manulact- |

| of the V " terview » said the

| perky to an i f oy ac artnsndent taare to-day was to Osnaburg, five miles east of
he sald that he had been raising Sparush war- | the city, and was similar to yesterday's visit
aI ms which led ie Ono ndent to ask if the: to New Berlin. Many familiar faces were
had not heen su n Dewe »
ET replied.” aaid Lieut Hohean “that they | #¢en {n the town and along the road, and there
had not been, but that the Spaniards had sun wer any pleasant greeuigs t
thelr own vessels hy opening the searocks Minister to Venezuela Frank B. Loomis,
was careful, however, to explain rieht there who made his daily call the other day, had -
that it was Admiral’ Dewey's shell fire that more extended conference with the President

yy to-day, talking over official matters to some

! would call on him and explain mattors

use their power very har-hiy, yet I would by no

means destroy the power of those un ons. They,
to, are a produot of evolution, and inthe ne
future a further and upward step will be tak
so that their power wil! berecognized aa muking
for good and not for ill
No: the latest scheme of Bryan is a bu!
headed attack upon all combina ions, and is an
assault upon ‘helaw of evolucion: and it w
fai’, necessarily, as have failed his previous at
tacke upon the other nat) ral laws which govern
the questions relalng to money and (to national
| growth
The privetples T have sketched are in com-
plete harmonry with the Republican platforin,
and are id-ntical with those of the Democrats,
who find in Jefferson and hs  uecessors the
expon nis of their faith, and in Bryan an utter
Apostate, elven over to the extravagances of
that modern populism which was a sneotre and
a nighumare to the Fa hers of the Kepubi c
JOSEPH CULBRRTSON CLAYTON
New YORK, Sept. 21.

   

A Word From Hazleton.

To THe Eprron oF TH® SUN—Sir: The en
closed piece of poetry was printed in the Hasieton
Sentinel at the beginning of the present coal strike.
It is not perbaps, Very good poetry, but summarizes
the beginning and the end of the whole mate, so far
as the miners are concerned

STRIKE.

Strike! Ull the last armed woe (so'dier) appeara
Strike! why heed the women’s tears

obey! obey the orders of Mitchell and Gompeers.
Strike! for your powder—to spend more for beer.

Strikel why care for bed and board,

Obey the mandates of the selfish Western horde
Stri-¢! no matter what you can afford,
| Be loyal todark Mitchel! “Lora.”

Strike! but remember one sad day when
Foul agitators with tli-gottea gains are gone far
away
Then return to your famine fed
Families and your work if you may

 

vi CITIZ&N

The article in THE SUN last week was the frst
notice the world bad of Father Phillips's ‘Flop."’ To-
| day this ctty, with the exception of the miners, is
crying ‘‘shame, Father Phillips!”

The whole city and region hereabouts wil! suffer
local hard times—which have already begun. Father

Phillips's flop will only Intensify the struggle an
prolong the distress, "ne operators can Sand “ne
Strain. Inthe meantime all the ciiizensof Hazleton
will suffer with the miners as well as the consumers
of coal in the great cities

The writer is notan operatorora miner, but sim
ply A BUSINESS MAN,

Hat eron, Pa, Sept 24

Sam Jones on Our Abounding Prosperity.

Sam Jones in the Atlanta Journal,

Tam not a Democrat noram] aRepublican. Ikeep
saying it. Tama Prohibitionist. | care no moreas to
who is elected, Bryan or MeKinicy, than! care
whether the Liberal party carries the day in England
at the next election, but | say it from a knowledge of
this country which constant travel only can give a
man that we are to-day enjoying the most solid, sub-
stantial prosperity that Il have ever known

There is not a nook nor aocorner of this country that

 

 

 

is not prospering. America asa nation never pros- |

pered and never came to the front es she hasin the
last four years, not only in all her manufacturing and
commercial invresteand with the balance of trade
millionsen millions ia her favor but for the first ime

in her history we are the money lenders © the im-

perial countries beyond the waters

Confidence is the basis of prosperity. This ts
true of an individuel, Business is done on conf
dence and confdenee {ts not something thatis manu
actured to order like shoes or mowing machin s, but
it grows out a8 & condition of things. Aman may
have plenty of money, but !f nobody has confidence
in him he has gota hard jobin this country I care
nol whatcapitalaman may have, howeversmall, if he
| has the unbounded confidence of the community and
the banks he bas got something beter than money.
l have known some rich fellows to "bust" because of
the lack of confidence tn them: I have known some
poor fellows to do a big business because they had
the un bounded confidence of all classes’ There are
business housesin AUanta whose capital stock may
not be large, bul they are doing a large business.
Capital has confidencein the status of things as
they are to-day. I don't know whether or not with a
change of political parties this confidence wiil abide.

He Bets on Common Sense.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Siér: The com.
mon sense of the American people is on the side of
McKinley. The whole argament of common sense is
with him; and I bet on common sense every (ime.

New Yortx, Sept 24 BowaRE

|
|
|

 
   
  
  
  
    
      
  
 
    
 
    
   
  
  
  
   
    
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
    
    
    
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
 

His STORY OF LOOTING UNTRUE.

Landsman Osborne Admits That He Made Up
a Philippine Oatrage.

WASHINGTON, Bept. 25.—The War Depart-
ment and the Navy Department have had
occasion recently to investigate charges of
outrages committed by American soldiers
and sailors in the Philippines. Most of the
charges have appeared io letters sent by @n-
listed men serving io the United States Army
and Navy to relatives at home, In nearly
every case it has been ascertained that the
writer made up the stories of exceases out of
the whole cloth to Interest and horrify his
family. These galley yarns, as oaval men
call them, were probably never intended to
get into print, but a great many of them have

| found their way into newspapers which wed |
them for partisan purposes.

The most recent case of the sort is that of a
letter which appeared in the Oregon Stateeman
last April. The letter was from Guy R. Osborne,
an enlisted man of the navy to his father, W. 8.
| Osborne, who gave It to the newspaper. He
made sensational statements of looting by
American sailors and an Investigation was
ordered by the Navy Department, which has
just received an official report showing that
young Osborne did not tell the truth.

Osborne was attached to the gunboat Con-
cord. In his letter he described his alleged
experience with a landing party from the gun-
boat Paragua at Nueva Caceras, P. 1. He told
of looting the town and described the booty
he secured. George EK. Sly of Salem, Ore,,
forwarded a copy of the letter to the Navy
Department with a protest against the allege:|

————

 

JUDGE DALY ON PORTO RICO,

 

He Is Impressed With the People and the
Resources of the Islund.

Former Justice Joseph F. Daly returned ,
yesterday from Porto Rico, where he went
as a member of the commission authorized by
the last Congress to revise and compile the
laws of that island, The other members are
Leo 8. Rowe of the University of Pennsylvania
and Sefior Hernandez Lopes of Porto Rico.
The commission held two sessions daily in the
Executive Mansion at San Juan, so 48 to give
a hearing to all parties interested in the legls-
lation needed for the Island. 1 he sessions
were attended by the Judges of the Supreme
and District courts of the island, the meinbers
of the Governor's council; the Porto Rloo
bar was representad by its dean, and the Ameri-
can bar by a committee, leading members

commission had the codperation of all branches

of the government.

The commission apportioned its work among
To Sefior Lopes
was allotted the civil code, civil and criminal |
procedure, and the mortgage, land and no-
tarial laws; Mr. Rowe took rural and urban
local government, taxation and revenue, poor
laws and charities, and former Justice Daly
the penal code, statutes on civil and criminal
procedure, habeas corpus, evidence and trial
by jury. Mr. Daly will labor jointly with
Sefior Lopez on the jurisdiction and organiza-
tion of the courte for the island, and all the
members will devote their attention to the form
of insular government and the organization

of the educational system.
Mr. Daly said that his visit to the island had

 

impressed him favorably concerning Its citl- | outa TI avy fi

3 ‘aall : a age he Navy Department forwarded
ip While pore al feeling, and | parvies Osborne's letter to Lieut. Althouse, command
tate fo In weabiding and seaceful There ts ing the Paragua, and his report just received
people & Aw says that Osborne, after listening to the reading

good deal of poverty, but
nt of which the island ts
nt of industries

of the letter, stated before witnesses that he
had en leivored to make a good story rather
than tell the plain truth and the facts. Osborne
adinitted the falsity of each and every item
regarding the looting. A search of Osborne
belongings revealed only two rogaries and

unquestionably a
with the developme:
capable and the establishme
which will give employment to the masses a
thoroughly contented population will result,
The people seem to be spirited, good natured

and far removed from any debasement :
the country is exceptionally rich and ought am photographs ais h he said were wiven
under a good administration to become a val- ta athow Santi a Baal aula

( United States d Ke o very member
uable addition to the Unite 1 State of the Paragua’s crew, but could not obtain

lhe citize is ared si ous of being Americans
and the situation is free from the most impor-
tant quest ons hich divide public aentinent tn
the United States concerning Cuba and the
Phil ppires. Lt isin the power of the United
States to give Porto Rico good government and
her people will welcome it.”

DEWEY VICTORY.

any evidence to show that Osborne had stolen
the articles mentioned. Members of the crew
told him that Osborne had sent. other letter
home containing statements as false as thi
published. Iieut. Althouse denies that there
Was any looting by the Paragua’s men at Nueva
Caceras. When they returned to the shi
the landing party were Inspected and found
to have with them only an old Winchester
shotgun and a few war bolos

To Lieut. Althouse’s letter is appended the
following statement from Osborne

“Referring to my letter published in the
Oregon Stateaman, a copy of which was for
warded by the Navy Department to the co

a

DIDN'T BELITTLE

Lieat Hobson Patned at the Misconstraction
Placed Upon His Words.

Naval Constructor Hobson, who gave an in-

A few trinkets T have

f

Manila, and who reached this city late on Mon- | ang others ts not true

day night, reported at the navy yard vester- | were given me by soldier friends and are of
day. Hespent only afew hours there and then | no value have always regarded them as
started for Washington on a week's leave of curios, Respectfully,

OsBOR
1.

Guy_R

Ne, Landsman
“U.8.8.Helena, Iloilo, P .

absence. Before leaving this city he told the
reporters who saw hirn that tho interview at
Vancouver had been distorted and misinter

 

M'RINLEY VISITS OSNABURG.

 

proted
.
“L think Admiral Dewev's victory the greatest | Drives to the Place Where He Was a Frequent
ever won,” said Lieut. Hobson vesterday. “The Campaigner in Former Days.
Admiral’s work has heen underestimated. No CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 25.—President and Mrs
) j ; . 2.

other naval batUe has ever

a victe cared without
the vi a. eS am ot ane 1 mM | another little village that was on Mr. McKin
PTOUG OF Bis WORK ANG KO 18 toe Wate Nery: ley's rewular circuit when he was campaigning
Mr. Hobson then narrated the ciremstance | ehis district as a Congressman. The visit

  

 

caused them te

Kmooth sea they ca

   
  

las nuk ole sh alow tl
3 ar i one nh rai ee ip Seer le served in their travels over a saree part of the
Sroldes Admiral, Sampson did not. al country, and it was all fayorable to the reelection
Corvera’a squadron, but no one belittles his of McKinley, They said travelling men are
victory on that account , — arene unabimoutiy for pis conic -, More
soit, Haheon aaid that he ha ones of them are steadily employed, they said, and
Lieiit, Hobson said that he had not written | ai of them are making more money than thes

Admiral Dewey

do thi

 

 

heen won in which

s Hvery one who knows
anything about warships well knows that ina

not be sunk by direct fire

but at the first opportunity

jjeutenant’s leave may

reaches Washingto

which he ts having with his eves,

on

The

be extended when he

trouble
which have

account

been weakened by the glare of the water in

Chine

TORPEDO BOAT BAGLEY LAUNCHED.

The Craft Is Named After the Easign Killed
in the War With Spain.

Batu, Me, Sept
Bagley was la
Iron Works t

a larea crowd
for Ensign Worth

hero,

245

was named by

a sister of the late ensign

ations

The new torpedo boat
nehed from the yard of the Bath
is afternoon tn the

The veseel, which was named
Bogiey,
Mrs

presence of

the Spanish War
Josephus Daniels,
Among the decor-

were floral offerings from naval officers

and from Frsign Worth Bagley Camp 6, Le

gion gf Spanish War Veterans, of Bunker Hill | and the chiidren of nis deceased son, Lewis Li.
district, Bostor Commander Willis W. Stover, seyre insigna of the order of W hich th
saanrnd " ve re in of th ° asa which the
commander of the camp, and a delegation | testator received from the King of Sweden and a
were arnong those present. Mra Bagley, | letter accompanying it, are bequeathed to his
mother of the ensign: Mrs Ben‘amin Mimtt, | 800. Dr. Reainald H. Sayre The son will also
Dudley H. Bagley of Richmond, Va, Cadet | have his medical and surgical instruments
David W. Bagley, and Mr and Mrs, Josephug | books, pictures and specimens and a set of
Daniels, taleleh, N. ©., were among the guests | verware presented to him by the congregati
of the buileers of the Rev. Dr. Burchard. Asilver prize pitcher
The Bagley ts one of three vessels of the | Won by a horse owned by the testator, a Mex-
torpedo type contracted for by the Bath Iron | 'an saddle and bridle and several other art
Works in 1898, the other two being the Barney, cles go to theson. Anumber of articles are also
which was launched last July. and the Biddle, | specifeniiy given to the daughter including

which has not vet

month f \ '

The dimensions of the Bagley are: Length, | were given to the testator by Brigham Yours

| between perpendiculars, 157 fect: beam mo: Ided, in 1846. The residuary estate goes to the two
147 feet: depth at centre, amidships, 10 feet | children.

been —«
it is expected, wiil be ready

@ inches; mean draug!t on trial, 5 feet, 8 inches.

AS TO THE CREWS OF TRANSPORTS,

A Decision That They Are Not Subject to the

Jurisdiction of Foreign Coarts.

WASHINGTON,
cate General of the

| -
| United States transport Thomas, in refusing each clase, w ich will report on the advisabiity
to surrender to the Japanese authorities at ©f Raving f “oane fees ‘in which the contes!-
aki, Melvin C. Seo ants shall be nicked men, chos n with regard t))
Nagasak i : a0 6 fireman on the their physical fitn: ss. ‘ake the * lace of the usual
vessel, who was accused of assaulting a Jap- oanerush. This action i+ the rea: itof the acc
anese boy. de t to vrite tile b the oie rush on Frid:
The Japanese authorit night ast. when Wiltig sustained! a concussion
| vi m n he ri les asserted that of the brain. His still under the care of
| as Scott was not an enlisted man in the | physicians, but will recover.
United States service, and as the trans. | e
port was not @ vessel of war, the case |

was subject to the international rules applyin
They threatened to
a detail of men to take Scott by force.

Sawtelle replied that he would resist such an
attempt with the American soldiers on board.

to merchant ships

Sept

25.—The Judge
rmy has given an opinion
upholdtwe the course of Capt, Sawtelle of the

fen
Capt

The attempt was not made

ihe

a transport, while:

and her oM™ficer

 

«of

on ve

serter from ther
court-martial at >

Ontart

OTTAWA,

chant, with

quantity of jewelry here onder false pre- demanded his money. Stuffel stood -till and
tences He was sentenced to four montha’ | the rovb rs sea ched his clothes, abstract-
imprisonment. Advani testified that his father | ine bi wateh and oh a soarf pin, anda

disagreement

Advant is much

tro ble, which

 
  

houses

bide Advocate

ave
in the service of the United State
and crew are as free from the
furi-dietion of foreen courts as enlisted men
the nav
It has been ascertained that Srott te a da
and he will be tried hy
an Franciseo for }

t

Sent

in

him

relations with his fami
tation both in London and India

roneral maintains that
war. is aship
Government

cal of

INDIAN PRINCE GOES TO JAIL,

Convicted tn Ottawa of Obtaining Jewelry
Under Faise Pretences.

25. Advani,

ondon,

was a member of the Legislative Counai!
Bombay aid that afew years ago of
with

over his

“My Country ''-Btyan Version,
From the Chicago Times Herala
Poor country, ‘tis of thea

So full of mise }
i sing!

Of ther

 

Ian’ where the best ts bad,

Land where we're al! so sad,

Let me ign, and be giad,
Thou poor old thing!

© luckless Iand, to day,

"Neath hateful plenty's sway,
I weep for thee!

How can men care for what

They

¢ promised or they've got

As long as hings are not

Poor birthplac

All run by me?

of our sires,
They reall infernal liars
Who dare to say
hy doom ts not at hand!
loom spreads o'er all the land—

ou hear me shoutt
T'm bere to etay'

n

i aud

jeted, but which,
or launching next

Advo-

4

desertion,

who
says he is an In tian Prince and asp ce mer-
Bombay and
Calcutta, wae convicted to-day of obtaining a

he

| is father coe
creised his allowance, but lately had relented
depressed t
he says, willend ngerhis good
and damage his repu-

revent

 
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
      
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
      
  
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
  
   
   
     
  
 
  
  
 
    
 
   
 
   
  
    
   
    
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
    
  
  
   
     
  
  
  
   
  
   
      
  
 
   
 
     
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
    
  
 
   
    
     
   
 
   

McKinley took a long drive to-day and visited

extent, and possibly discussing politior
Two commercial travellers, C kidd and
8.K. Poe, told the President what they had ob-

dml. istra-

ever did before, and, crediting the
olng to

| tion with a good part of this, they are ¢
vote for its continuation,

The Rev. S. L. Hamilton of Los Angeles, Cal ,
who was on his way to a conference of his denom-
ination at Fitteburg, stopped over between
trains to meet the President. Social callers
and handshakers were more numerous thai
usual to-day.

 

DR, SAYRE LEFT

It Goes to His Widow and Children —His Swed-
| {ish Order and His Brigham Young Buttons.
The will of Dr. Lewis A. Sayre disposes of
$00,000 in realty and $3,430 in personality. T!
widow, Eliza A. H. Sayre, is to have he lite
residence, 285 Fifth avenue, for life, inciuding
its contents and his horses and carrages. At
her death the house will belong to his two
children, Regina'd Hall and Mary Hall Sayre,

$93, 4.30.

 

 

silver stand given to the testator by Baron \«
Scheliha. Lewis Albert Sayre, a grandsor
to have a pair of gold sleeve buttons whic

 

THRE CANE RUSH MAY BE ABOLISHED,

Rutgers Students May Conclude to Leta Cane
Spree Take Its Place.

New Bavcnaswick, N.J., Sept. 25.—A mans meet-
ing of the students o! Rutgers College waa held
this morning and the question o! abolishing the

cane rush was debated, It was decided to re‘er
the matter to a commi'tee of one member tro

 

WHAT DO WAGE EARNERS WANT?

Protective Tariff League Taking « Poll by
Mail.

| The American Protective Tariff League, 135
West Twenty-third street, has issued a olroular
| ecard addressed to wage earners asking for re-
porte from em loyees in establishments or er-
ployed in any way asto he position of the wage
earners inthe present ca palgn oom” with
| their position in 1896. It w nts to find out how
mony of the vwageearners are {i f) vor of pro-
tection and how many In avor o¢ free trade.
O» the ba k of the cards are blanks for # poll
for McKinley and Bryan.

 

Robbed Stoffel Jimiet of Handsome Avenue.

Sarvinig, L. 1, Sept. 26.—While Stuffel
Jimlet of this place was peacefully making his
way along Handsome avenue shortly after mid-
night last night two highwaymen Jumped from
amruthin front of 8 A. Fisher's reeldence an!

  
      
   
 
   
    
  
   

pooketbook containing #. They discovered
hat the ‘ewelry was base meta) and retur
it but kept the cash

Training Ship Hawk om the Lakes.

MONTRBAL, Que., Sept 25. —The United States
training ship Hawk, which arrived here last
evening from Norfolk, Va., left at daybreak
this morning on her way to Cleveland, Obio. She
will go up the St. Lawrence and through the
Canadian canals. She is + t un the dimensions of
the armed vessels which the American Grovern-
ment ia permitted by treaty to. maintain on
the Great Lakes. She is manned by dve officers
and thirty-five men.

 
  
 
 
 
  
 

 

      
   
    
    
   
  
  
   
    
  
  

Mrs. Bryan's Doll.

RockvitLe Centre, L. 1, Sept. 25.— Mra
Williarn J. Brvan, wife of the Democratic can-
didate for Pre ident, has p eserted to the
ladi s of the Ey iscopal Church a large do'l, to
be sold ata fair to be held early in October

 

   
  
  
  
 
   
   

      
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
      

Lieut. Meade Dies of Typhotd.
WASHI\ GTON, Sep!. 28.—Gen. MacArthur re-

ports to the War Department from Manila that

Firet Lieut. Francis BK. Meade of the Lwemty
Gret Infantry died, ) Sept. 22 of typhoid fever.

ys.
1 7