* man ia

THEMES OF THE THEATRE,

C VARIETY SHOW THAT IS NOW
CIVEN AT KOSTER & BIAL'S,

pi

«id Lyceum Deptettons of New York Fashion.
able Soctety by Fitch, DeMille and Belasco
i) Current Renewal at the American and
ihe Merray HilleLacky Baldwin's Hall,

win sales in vaudevilleareon. At the
r and Keith houses the prices of admis-
low, and the best that is to be had in
‘ities or one-act playa is represented in
buls from week to week, Newer in the
terate sale” line is the enterprise of the
lioshims at Koster & Bial’s. Here ourrent
ices for seats are about half what they were
merly, and these are again cut in two for
flernoon = performances The result of
reduced rates was noticeable yes-
when all downstairs seats
vere oeeupled, and but few chairs
the many boxes were empty. This ‘was all
the more remarkable from the fact that former
irectors of this music hall, after faithful ex-
periment, despaired of getting profitable after-
noon audiences oftener than nce a week, Of
sourse, the bill provided has much to do with
t It is long, including nearly @ score of spe-
allies, and ite quality lsawayup. Dorothy
Morton is the only one of the present roster
who is unfamillar {n the vaudeville shows.
Her offering of tuneful airs sung prettily and
voted vivaclously is pleasing enough to ensure
ier steady employment in vaudeville if she
cares for it
Of the familiars employed, Staley and Birbeck
come tn for the greatest conspicuousness.
‘These instrumentalists have for years tnoor-
porated in their inning a quick change of scenery

|

these

terday,

ind costumes and now repeat the shift and !
rake strikingly brief the time required to effect |

it, As first disclosed, they are shown as black-
smiths busy in a grimy shop. At the back a
forge with fire and bellows looks businesslike.
This is flanked on elther side with the outfitofa
smithy, while in front a cart whose wheels have
been removed ts awaiting the smith's attention.
course, nothing #0 common as

fitting tires occurs when each smith has
placed a Wheel where it is handy to be worked
pon. The spokes of each wheel form @ xy!o-
phone, and an alr from those {instruments ts
played. Another Instrument of similar char-
acter is in the body of the wagon, and the man
yf the palr plays on this after the wheels have
been put on the vehicle, the woman attendin
to another that is concealed near her anvi
The concluding music within the setting of the
emithy is “he Anvil Chorus,” and In it each
sinith hammers out tones that hint of wetghty
and cumbrous accessories. Yet after the signal
tor the shift of scenes comes, only three or four
seconds elapse before all the grimy outfit ts
replaced by drawing-room furniture, Here the
in evening dreas, and the woman
loose skirts of an ecropatie
the specialty close
{nstrumentalism in

of

the long,
dancer Formerly
with dancing and
which both engaged, Now, after the woman
has skipped and contorted, return is made
to the smithy and to a stnith’s workaday attire.
Iastiv.the two are again in dress-ups. The
smithy is half dark and the drawing room ts
brilliantly lighted, so the change from one

the other i# striking and brings to these
performers more return in the way of applause
ard recalls than usually ts the specialist's.
li brings to mind, too, because so different from
it, the old-time “complete” change of the vaude-
vi soubrette, who shifted only her hat and
waikivg stick and took a minute to accomplish
t. Other numbers that stand out tn the current
hills here, as they would in any vaudeville
6 ii out Pox and Allen, Clifford and Huth,
Edna Aug, Jess Dandy, Corinne, Fields and
Ward and Artie Hall, As bargain counter
\k say, here is good value,

fs in

It happens that the two dramas in revival
this week by repertory stock companies at the
American and the Murray Hill are illustra-
tions of New York soctety first given at the
Lvoceum Ten years intervened between them,
however, and in that time changes came
in stageeraft, as well as in the life represented
“The Charity Ball” was first acted in 1888 and
“The Moth and the Flame” in 1898. Both
pictured our fashionable folk fairly, under
the high lights and shades of theatrio story
and incident. The substantial “upper class”
depleted in the older piece still exists, but a
new set, the names of whose leaders are as
well known out of their circle as in, has come
to the front The first lot t# shown tak-
ing its amusement at the Charity Ball,
in a dignified manner. How do we find the
second? We read in the programme that the
heroine's mother and father are giving a chil-
dren's party, although there are no youngsters
in the farilly, The rise of the curtain reveals a
company of grown men and women dressed
in knickerbockers and pinafores. They are
watching a poor vaudeville show. The young
women talk soandal freely with the young men.
4 twice divorced matron says she is going to
sell hey house in Dakota and resign from the
Divoree Club, because membership is getting
altogether too mixed. A maiden remarks that
all her girl friends decry a certain man of his rep-
utation, and In the same breath ask to meet
this is the state of
existant in “The Moth and the
riane, and the result it brings about is logical
A girl is led to the altar by @ man notorious
as a Libertine. She is aware that he is “fast”
put, characteristically of a girl who only half
knows the world, she does not appreciate,
the full meaning of the term. It only comes
forubly to Ler when thelr marriage ceremony is
interrupted by a wornan who claima to be the

and brings with her their ohild.
“society’’ American girl recoil?
Indeed, no. When the intruder can show
no proof of legal marriage the bride ae-
mands t.at the waiting minister shall marry
her the culprit She does not blind

herself to his mistress apd his child,
bie accepts them as a conditiou. But
the dramatist did not stop here in hia depiv-
What would be the true probable char-
of the man? It la the natural thing that,
» earder victiin tried to stop the cere-
, he should strike her down. Another
il point ts that the girl, who had been
to the nature that must have prompted
deceit, should recoil at tie
a wornan, and, Mnging a bridal boquet
his feet, rush from the church, crying,
Coward!” It ts a thrilling scene, and as true
when analyzed as when seen quickly acted.
It b t Clyde Fitch from the comparative
dimn f “Mistress Betty” and “Beauv Brum-
to the white light of “Barbara Frietchie”
n6 ithan Hale.”. Why did he afterward
idow the

tun

man's wife
Does this

to

daphe
Te culminating scene in the other pix
ler fresh consideration, “The Charity Ball”
De Mille and Belasco, ts hardly legs dra-

and perhaps more generally appealing, |
e

e iis motives are ementary. A inin-

s in his study, in the watches of the

the Charity Ball. He has placed

! in the window, as is his wont, to serve

“ ing light to wandering women, or any

er who has lost the moral way. The on

git in by that signal of hope isa utifu

«irl, respected In society. She tells him that
worthy of esteem, but will not rev

ns name. Thetr talk fe interrupted by

the clerey man's brother's voice, and the start

at the girlh gives confirins the minister's sugpl-

ns Hle persuades her to retire, and a

ent seane with the brothers follows.

lorts of the clergyman to make the

narry this girl seem useless. The

angry words, but are interrupted

g sister. She has come to tell them

rement to marry. Sitting by her

other's knee, she tells him how

s, how tnuch it means to a woman

st the man she loves, to be married to

ind to go to his home. After the girl has

i her brothers good night and gone to bed

& arriage ceremony is performed there in the

elory, while the first gray of morning Is show-

tself over the snow, the dawn of a new life

wanderers

fter

rhe is
the

Ki

rt.

ening of the Republic with “Sag fan
ke that of the New York with °A Million
“ has been postponed until to-morrow
Further rehearsals were needed in both

The

Haldwin is trying at Nome to justify
une by retrieving his broken fortune,
‘“itures there is a musie hall of the

town kind, with vaudeville on the stage
feht from @ o’olock till 2, and dancing

iii: floor from that time ull daylight. | gail M Ely
‘Ada ; maid, and hari

ates is to be the leading actress in
inaton cut-rate stock company

«iare of fame with the shadow |

| favor, so

WANTS

“BECKY SHARP"

ENJOINED,

Mr. Mitchell Thinks the Coghlan Version Is |

ao Infringmeont Upon His Copyright.

Langdon Elwin Mitchell of Philadelphia,
son of Dr. 8. Weir Mitchell, filed a bill of com-
plaint in the United States Circuit Court here
yesterday asking for an injunction to restrain
Delcher & Hennessy from continuing the pre-
sentation of the late Charles Coghlan’s drama-

tization of Thackeray's “Vanity Fair,” in which |

under the tite of “Becky Sharp” Gertrude
Coghlan is \pbearing. The platntift alloges
that the Coghlan dramatization is an infringe-
ment of the copyrighedt play of the same name
in which Mrs, Fiske appeared laat season, and
of which he is the author and owner of the
copyright. He declares further that in the
play as presented by Mias Coghlan not only
the per itself but the costumes and scenery
B79 CoP ed from his version as staged for Mra.
aK.

DESTROY ED?

Unconfirmed Report That Ferguson,
Has Been Swept by a Tornado.

Cutcado, Ml., Sept. 26.—Reports were received
in this olty late to-night that Ferguson, Ia., a
small townfon the Chiergo, Milwaukee and Bt.
Paul Railroad, had been destroyed by a tornado.
The place ha. not been heard from since 8:30
o'clock, since which time the wires have been
down, No particulars are obtainable.

GIRLS’ CHARITY ABUSED.

TOWN

Ever Ready Circle of King’s Daughters Had
Supported Mrs, Steger for Eight Years.

Five young women of Newark, N. J., Miss
Efe Anderson, Mrs. Jane 8S. Henry, Miss May
Osborne, Mrs. Lydia Osborne and Miss Florence
McKirgan, are complainints in a Chancery
sult against the estate of a Mrs. Minna Steger,
late of Warren and Golden streets, Newark.
The case was heard yesterday before Vice-
Chancellor Pitney in the Chancery Chambers
in Newark.

In 1891 the complainants organized the Ever
Ready Circle of King’s Daughters. Mrs. Steger
applied to them shortly after for aid. They,
believing her to be starving and destitute,
voted to make her the sole object of their charity
For eight years, until her death last January.
according to the testimony, the Ever Ready
Circle supplied Mrs, Steger with coal, food,
clothing and medicine, paid her rent and took
her driving and sailing, In 1896 the complain-
ants began to sispect that Mrs, Steger had
money, but this she stoutly denied. Aga pre=
caution they indneed her to make a will in their
that in case their suspicions should
prove correct they could use the money to
carry on their charitable work,

When Mis. steve died bank beoksa showing
deposits in the Seairity Savings Bank and the
emeg Savings Bank were foundin hor bed

ing.

5,000. The only wil found, however, was
one drawn in fayor of August and Ferdinand
Konitz, her brethers in Germanys. This will,
which here a later date than the one nade in
favor of the Fver Read: Circle, was admitted
to nrohate by the Surrogate of Feaex count
The earlinr will had evidently been destro: ed,
but {ta contents were proved by tho subserih-
Ing witnesses and others who saw it after
exemition.

The complainants sua on the wround that |

this wll] was {n the nature «f a contract and
oonld not he revoked. Vice-Chancellor Pitney
reserved dectsiun,

GEN. WOODFORD MARRIES TO-DAY.
The Ceremony to Be in the Chapel of the
First Presbyterian Charch.

Gen. Stewart L. Woodford will be married
at noon to-day to Miss Isabel Hanson, who
was his private secretary while he was Minister
at the Spanish court, The ceremony will be
performed by the Rev. Dr. Howard Duffield,
at noon tn the chapel! of the First Presbyteran
Church, in «ifth avenue and West Eleventh
street. (Only the immediate relatives of the
bride and bridegroom have beeninvited. There
will be no bridal attendants. After the cere-
mony a wedding breakfast will be served by
the bride's mother at Sherry's.

Miss Hanson is about 26 reer old and a
daughter of the late James 8. Hanson, who
was for y years a deacon of the First Pres
byterian Church. She was long on close terms
of friendship with Gen, Woodford's family
and last year went to Europe with his daughter,
Until he went to Spain Gen Woodford had
for many years been a resident of Brooklyn
His permanent home will now be in Manhattan.

NEW KIND OF COLOR PHOTOGRAPHY,

An Interesting Exhibition at the Kromskop
Galleries Yesterday.

A new form of color photography was shown
yesterday at if West Thirty-third street, when
the werk of the Kromskop was revealed to an
invited audience. The instrument throws on a
soree: discos of red, blue and yellow, which are
blended on a photograph, revealing {ts natural
colors ofan approx mation to them. Various

| objects were shown yesterday and the effect of

things |

all was realistio and attractive. Portraita,

fruits and |andscapes were shown on the soreen
ardthey wereat first the familiar, colorless
views thatare seen in ordinary stereopticon
views, After the disca were blended on them
their colors gav* the effect of nature to be had
in a weil-pain'ed pic ure.

An: ther display in the Kromskop galleries

; was @ collection of photographs taken by Burr

assault |

who retired from the stage upon the |

f her husband, is actin aes in San
Ada Merito got bac rom Europe
av to toin the Conried German company
to be a star in a piece called
e Page

x Harbor's" Opening Postponed,
ed tO pos pone the opening
ind the first
set down for
1 “morrow eV Oscar Ham-
ind James A. Herne decided that a dress
r completed theatre wou.d be Lest
neerneu, and theglay and theatre will

eno, the f lic,
‘
4 p

d «
bic
orleinany

| sergeant in his fat

Mackintosh, which ought to bring great delight
to the heart of the mati ée gir. they show a

umber of popular players in their summer

omes. Annie Russell, Julia Marlowe and
E'nel Barrymore are among them, Mary Man-
nering in co onial costume 1s seen standing in
vario s attitudes about the old Putnam House
at Greenwich, and J. ackett in costume in
various interesting rural soenes, Other subj. cta
are William aversham: nd John Drew. The
pictures represent a bigh standard of artistic
photography.

ARRESTED IN A SYNAGOGUE.

Alleged Diamond Thief Begged to Finish His
Prayers and Detective Waited.

Barnett Rosenfeld of 288 Prospect street, |

Brooklyn, was held yesterday tn the Essex
Market police court for trial on the charge of
stealing diamonds valued at $205 from David
Gumbiner, a Jeweller, of 152 East Broadway.
Gumbiner charges that Rosenfeld visited him
with another man whom he introduced as his
intended son-in-law. The son-in-law wished
to buy diamonds to present to the bride and
Gumbiner alleges that he let the man take
the diamonds away for inspection hey
didn't come back nor did the diamonds, About
a dozen other jewel ealers were
make similar complaints.

Rosenfeld was
n a synagogue In Brooklyn. He begged to
be allowed to finish his devotions, ao Detective
Schwartz of the Essex market police court
equad, who had the warrant for him, remained
beside him until the services were over, Then
he arrested the man The police are looking
for his supposed accomplice

HASN'T SEEN MISS WENDEL YET.

Attorney of the Alleged Lanatio Gets an Order
te Show Cause.

William L. Snyder, attorney for Georgiana
G. R. Wendel, who ts rich and ia in the cus'ody
of her relatives for alleged insanity, ma‘e an
ex parte application to Justic e Scott of the Su-
pr me Court yesterday foran order requiring
that be and physicians be permitted to see her

before the hearing as to
pelore 4 Sheriff's Jury set for this afternoon

mplicati } , }
ustice Scott said the application should have | not more than as 118 to 16, or in other words the

been made on notice to the ‘elatives in charge
of Miss Wendel. He thereupon is ued an order
requiring Mary A. E. Wendel, to whose custody
Georgiana was conmitted py the Court, to
show caus*this morning why Mr Snyder and
physicians should no see Miss Wendel. The
rmootion will come on before Justice Truax to-
day Justice Sortt id that if neoeesar he
would have thetnquisition before the Sheriff's
Jury adjour ed topermit the examination by
physicians called in the interest of Miss Wendel.

Ely—lord,

RvuTHERPORD, N. J., Sept. 25.—-Addison Fiv,
Jr., and Miss Clara Agnes Lord were married
this evening In the presence of 400 relatives

and friends at the residence of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Isaac 8. Lord, at 70 Hildg e
avenue. The ceremony. was performed by
the Rev. Samuel Ross MacClements, pastor
of the Firat Presbyterian Church. Miss Abi-

sister of the groom, was brides-
8. Lord, brother of the bride,
was best man, n A. and Hiram B. Fly,
two little brothers of the groom, were pages
The Hungarian orchestra furr pheg muaic
After a reception Mr. and Mrs, Ely left on a
wedding trip to the Thousand Islands. Mr
Fly is a son of Cape Addison Ely, and was

\er’s command, Compa

L, Second Regiment, New Jersey Volunteers

| in the Spanish war,

perforin «

Evening School of Electrici:y.
The Evening School of Fleotricity, under the
direction of the Herlem Branch oi the Young

Men's Christian Association, at 5 West 126th
street, will open for ite third season in the first

hursday evening. | week in October.

The entries showed that she had de- |
osita in those institutions amounting to about |

n court to ,
| the failure.
ound on Monday afternoon | .

her mental condition |

myer: “a 5 al RE TRO SPL I TN

/

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1900.

OH, FOR ONE BELT AT HIM!

THEY'RE WAITING FOR THE GERRY
AGENT IN BLEVENTH AVENUE.

Mrs. Manion Looked Up and Mrs. Daggett,
Too, for Taking the Cusick Children When
Thetr Father Was to Jail and Mother ta
thé Hospital—But They Had Friends.

The Gerry soolety never has been popular in
Eleventh avenue. Every time an agent of the
Commodore turns up in that section of the
town, he gets what they call “the frozen face”
Sometimes he gets even worse. If Agent
Rarcley should go down to Eleventh avenue and
Twenty-seventh street to-night the chartces
are he would get this “something worse.” One
very largeand able bodied woman from Dublin,
Treland,announced yesterday that she would like
to get “just one beltathim.” In delivering this
“belt,” she said she preferred a brick

The cause of the agent's unpopularity ts his
persistence in taking from the neighborhood

| the three children of Michael Cusick, who used

to live at 640 West Twenty-seventh street,
Michael is in jail and his wife is in the hospital,
The three children, Minnie, § years old, Tommy,
aged 6 and Willie, aged 4, being left uncared
for by their parents through force of the law

and fate, were taken by the kind-hearted women |

of the neighborhood to be cared for until the
father and mother could come back home,
This did not suit the Gerry society. They
made up their minds that the children would
not be properly cared for and they set out to
capture ther. This they found a hard Job,
because Mra, Manion had Minnie, Mrs. Murphy
had Tommy and Mrs, Freeze had Willie. The
three women formed a generous copartnership
to see that the little ones did not suffer. In
the daytime the children played about the

little grocery store kept by Mrs. Margaret
Daggett of 456 West Twenty-seventh street
and at night they slept in the homes of their
respective self-appointed caretakers

As 80-0 as the Gerry agents learned of this
disposition of the children they began to hunt
for them, and this is how Mrs, Manion describes

it:

“Last Friday a yeller-faced monkey come
to my house lookin’ fer the children. He says,
says he, ‘I want the little Cusicks.’ I saya,
says I, ‘Well, get them.’ You know Cusick,
the father, had a birthmark on his face, and a
woman named Flannigan, whose husband Is
a greenhorn and who makes all the trouble tn
the house, says to him that he come by the
mark because his mother wasn't decent. He
tried to get at her and she thrun a lamp at him,
Then Flannigan's wife kicked Mrs, Cusick inthe
s'ummich, and she, poor thing, had to wotothe
hospital, Mike had to go to jail for thirty days
and the poor little ones were left with gota soul
to care for them. So we women in the house
eavs we'll look out fer them till thelr
come back We didn't want to kidnap any
one, as I says to the Judge to-day, when he
asked me what | kidnapped that child for,
I says, qudge, we git children too easy to steal
them; why, I got ten of me own; whaf would I
want with more?’ So this veller-faced monkey
Rays to ma, ‘I want the little Cusicks,’ and he
begin to sairch, and Lord have merey on my
soul, he even lookedin theeook stoveand in the
parrot cage. Then he went on the roof, anc
then he went all through the house. He found
the two little boys, byt Minnle, the Lord be

raised, gotaway from him. That wasa Frida
ast. Ever since then he has beeu comin’ bac
botherin: me and Mrs. Murphy and Mrs, Freese
and Mrs, Manion up the street; so yesterday
1e arrested Mrs, Daggett. The po@r soul don't

now a hing about the girl, but that makes no
differencetoGerry. Lastnight hecomes around
and he arrests mé@. May the Lord forgive me,
but I never want any more of that,

“They put me in acell and never even give me
adrink of water, The place was full of street
walkers, sinokin’ an’ dancin’ an me an honest
woman, the motherof ten children Aw, the
language that them women used. Upon me
soul I hid me face
night with nothin’ but a bare board to sit on,
and I never was tn jail in me life before They
took me to court this morning in the Black
Maria and when 1g t there 1 was callin’ every-
body ‘your Honor.’ I didn't know a Judge
from a policeman and there was this yeller-
faced monkey doin’ his best to put me away
But. God bless yer, he couldn't do it; I got too
strong a pull. There’s Dunphy, the Alder-
man, O'Neil, Mre. Fry, McKay, Bat Sullivan
and all the big men of the ward were down
to court with bail and every one of them is

ot more'n $6,000. The Jidge says to me: ‘Why,

never saw a woman with so many rich friends
I told him how itwus; I told him a lot of
us good-hearted women wus tryin’ to save
the little children from runnin’ {pn the street
and goin’ hungry, and the yeller-faced monkey
charged us with kidnapping, Oh, {t was a ein
and a shame to treat decent women {n auch a
way. So the Judge says to me, and he say«
to Mire Daggett, too, ‘Yer can go." he says
because yer know, Minnie, the litfle gir|, after
1 wus pinched, she turned up. Well, I come
home and went to_ bed; | wus that done up.
But that monkey, 1 told him if he ever come
down this way I'd hit him with a brick, 1'd
jest like to get one belt at him, and he wouldn't
be takin’ any more little children away from
honest women fer trying to take care of them.
Anyway, the mother comes out from the hospital
so-egerrer, and maybe they'll give ‘em baok to
er,”

mother

CHARLOTTE STEEL & IRON CO. PAILS.
Assignment Ordered by Its Directors—Treas-
urer Signs Deed and Goes to Europe.

The Charlotte Steel & Iron Company, manu-
facturer of steel and tren with an office at 20
Broad street made an aasignment yesterday
to Charles C. Hoge. The deed was signed on
Monday by Edward R. Holden, Treasurer and
Secretary by order of the Board of Directors
The company was incorporated on Feb. 2 last
with a oapital stock of $100,000, William A
Mears of Philadelphia becoming the President.
The company leased a blast furnace at Char-
lotte, N. Y., tan miles from Roahester, began
operations in April and shut down two monthe
later, It was then stated that the Sheriff of
Monroo county had attached a quantity of
vig fron at the suit of the Old Sterling Troa
Bompan ona claim for $5,800

To humphreve. the pttorney, said yester-
day that he could not give particulars of the
liabilities and asseta at present. The asai,
ment was caused by the depression in the price
of pig iron. When the company was organ-
ized prices were high, At the company's of-
fice it was said that the assets are more than
the Ilabilitles and that no one would lose but
the stockholders
vig iron at $24 a ton and now it was worth only

13. The company has about 1,500 tona of pig
iron at the furnace in Charlotte

Mr. Holden, it was stated at the office, has gone
to Europe His representative stated as a
reason for the failure that a coke company had
shipped to the Chariatte company poor coke,

I never slep a wink all |

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

Whatever others may think of the present
condition of Jean de Reazke's voice it is plain
that the tenor holds his talents at a highor
price than ever before, The compensation he
has demanded from the Maurice Grau Opera
Company is higher this year than ever before
and is indeed in excess of anything ever paid
to a tenor or any other singer in this country.
In view of his experiences in London last suim-
mer it might have been thought that he would
have consented to come once more to this coun-
try on the same terms that he received on hia
last visit here, But M. de Reszke, iu spite of
rumors of failing powers, has raised the ante
in a considerable degree

‘Two years ago he made 4 new contract with
the opera company by which he received $2,250
for every appearance instead of $1,200 and one-
quarter of all the receipta over $60,000, As
the extra receipts have sometimes amounted

to $14,000 this arrangement has on many occa-
sions been highly profitable to the singer. But
he accepted $2,250 on hislast visit, with a guar-
antee o two appearances a week in New York
and three while the company was on the road

This year the tenor has demanded $2,460 for |

every appearance, which means an advance of
$200, and he expecta to sing twice a week during
an operatic season of seventeen weeks in New
York and to appear three times a week when
the company is on its travels

The stockholders of the Metropolitan are
disposed to regard this advance as excéssive
and in view of the tenor’s uncertain voeal con-
dition, believe that it is not asking too m ch
of M. de Resvke to return to the theatre in
which his fortune has been made without such
@ marked increase in his compensation They
are inclined to hesitate, in «pite of Matrice
Grau's cabled assurances that it is absolutely
necessary to the sucoess of the season next
year to pay M. de Reseke what he asks

The change in the size of the bathtub is one of
the recent phenomena of New York's growth
This valuable and cherished adjunct to civill-
zation dwindles daily in size, and as the demand
for a bathtub grows daily more imperative in

New York, there seema a probability that it
will some day reach the proportions suited
to a hall bedroom. Hotel keepers, along with
all others who house the homeless, have ap-
precisted the demand for the exclusive porses-
sion of a bathtub. A bathtub perhaps satisfies
tenants more than anything else and the result
of this has been a great increase in the number
of bathtubs. They are found now in corners that
were never intended by the original builders
for any such purpose. The number of bathtubs
has in accordance with this new demand in-
creased greatly. But they have so diminished in
proportions that the original convenience of
the institution is niueh less than it ever was
before.

The career of the theatrical aspirant is eome-
times beset with curious obstacles, but It rarely
happens that her beauty [s one of these. Yet
a young woinan now in a play at a Broadway
theatre would find her progress much more
rapid if she were not unfortunate enough to
eading lady. The be

look so much like the
ginner dark and beautiful golden
brown hair. So has the leading lady, who Is
indeed noted for this rather uncormmon beauty.
The leading lady has a daugliter who is now
old enough to be an actress and according to
unverified rumor the daughter began her
trear this season, Spectators aware of this
fact immediately suppose that the unimport-
ant young girl with the violet eyes and the
Tidan hair must be the daughter of the leading
lady. She ia not related to her, however, and
the thought that she should be taken for the
mother of one of the actresses in the com-
any has completely unset the leading lady
The voung woman's reddi h locks have been, br
the orders of the manager, hidden under a care,
wig. It ie impossible to disguise the color o
her eyes, or the manager would doubtless {n-
sist on that, Possibly the resemblance would
be less noticeable if that were done: but the
similarity In appearance between the two is
alinost as @triking now as it was berore the
black wig was ordered, ‘There is, as a matter
of fact, but a year's difference betweén the
ages of the young actress and the leading lady's
daughter, But the daughter Is never seen on
the stage with her, and the actress looks no
more than 80, So the constant presence near
her of a young girl who Is repeatedly taken for
her daughter is naturally a source of some
irritation toher and aconstant sources uf embar-
rasament to the young woman, who is trying
to do everything in her power not to look llke
somebody who possesses the same beauty as
she does,

has @\ es

Convenience of apartment life here has been
yearly increased and there seemed to he no
detail in which it could be improved untt] the
enterprising builder of an upper West Side
block thought of a feature which has hitherto
been lacking even in the most expensive houses.
Only half a dozen New York apartment houses
are so built that it is possible to entertain fn
them on any but a modest scale Targe gath-
erings, are as a rule, out of the question. Now
an architect has planned a building which ts
to be supplied with a large ballroom sufficiently
spactous to accommodate several hundred guests
and there are aiso rooms of smaller size for
less elaborate entertainments. Thebuilder who
set aside so much space for this purpose be-
lieves that it will be an excellent investment,
as the increased rent of the apartments is ex-
pected to pay. for the loss of practically the
apace needed for an entire apartment There
has long been a demand for such a feature In
an apartment house, but the use of so much
room for purposes not likely to be directly
profitable as prevented the
making the experiment. If it succeeds apart-
ment dwellers who have hitherto heen at a
disadvantage in this particular will be able
to entertain in @ manner hitherto possible only
to multi-millionaires with their own ballroome.

The suggestion that Americans in London
undertake the management of a hotel to be
intended for
perfluous to persons familiar with the extent
to which London hotels now seek to satisfy
American tastes. The great London estab-
lishmenta practically exist from the patronage
of Americans who have alone made possible

| the building of these places which are now

The company had bought |

and that this had resulted in a poor quality of |

iron. The tron wouldn't be sold easily, and
the decline in_the tron market had precipltated

From another source It was learmed
that the labilities would probably be in the
neighborhood of $80,000 and the assets about
$20,000.

MARRIED FIFTY YEARS.

Veterans of E. A. Kimball Post 100 Congrat-
ulate Comrade 8S, H. Paulding.

The veterans of E. A. Kimball Post 100, G. A. R..
and thelr families. attanded a celebration of
the fiftieth anniversary of the weddng of
their comrade, Samuel H. Paulding, at his home,
638 Hudson street, on Monday night. On
behalf of the Post, Dr. Stephen G. Cook, President
of the Board of Police Surgeons, who served

in the sare regiment as Mr. Paulding presented
Mrs. Paulding with a gold purse containin
$100 asa token of their regard for her husband.
In his presentation address Dr. Cook said:
“The percentage of those who may hope
to celebrate their silver wedding is probably

ehanees are 16 to 1 against them, while those
who may hope to attain to thelr golden wedding,
or fifty rears of married life,are very few indee:
We, the comrades of your husband, and these
friends of both here assembled, are greatly
pleased to be with you on this occasion, and
to tender you our congratulations. To add a
little more weight, and to give a little more
point to our good wishes, and asa vay slight
appreciation of our_ regard for you and of the
sterling qualities of the boy you married fifty
years azo to-day, hie comrades of E. A. Kimball
%ost 100. G. A. R., have contributed a smal)!
amount of the standard coin of the country, a
coin emblematic of this anniversary

ROOT I8 GETTING BETTER,
The Secretary of Wor Recovering From the
Operation Lately Performed on Him.

SovrnaMPpTon, N. Y., Sept. 25.—Secretary
of War Root ls recovering from the operation
he underwent recently for the removal of a
earbuncle. He was sufficiently strong to go
out yesterday, and with the permission of hia
physicians he took a short drive. He is able
to take short walks out of doors, but he will not
return to Washington for some time yet,

The Hon. Salem H. Wales, Mr. Root'a father-
in-law, said that the Secretary was surprising
everybody by his rapid reeuperation, and that
he would be quite well again in a short time

The sensational storles of the Secretary's
nearness to death, which were printed in New
York this afternoon, caused much annoyance
to Mr. Root's family, who were {n opnsequence

f the stories flooded with rams of us
inquiry about his condition.

WR.

' national

60 prosperous. In a great many ways the
London hotels have been adapted to the de-
mands of these p ofitable guests and the dif-
ference between a first-class hotel in New
York and in London
of them are modelled on
and pervading plan. But the difference be-
tween a hotel in London and one In Minneapolis,
for instance, is very toarked, as, unlike the
hotels in this city, the establisuments elee
where in this country are conducted on a strictly
plan. The complaints about the
hotels abroad come weually from reons who
live in other cities than New York.
It is said that the next hotel to be built tn
London will be conducted by an American
proprietor entirely in the American fashion
and will be put up by American capital,
establishment will follow as its model the hotels
of the West, which are more exactly in aceord
with American ideas than tose in New York
Many of the Americans in London rebel against
the hotels, « nlehy because of the patronizing
attitude adopted toward most of their com-
patricta there. Under an appesrance of
politeneas and courtesy, the average London
Potel employee conceals poorly a disdaue
for the American's tastes and needa that it is
frequently hardtotolerate. It isin thatpar-
tioular that the introduction of American fess
into a London hotel will be most appreciated,
Many employees of these hotels are foreigners.
Germans predomigate among them and they
have usually resided long enough in London
to acquire a atrong local accent tn their use
of Enalish. This accent can be used just as
expressively and insolently toward an American
as if it were the possession of a native cockney
and not an acquirement, The genuine polite.
neas of the American hotel staf! is what Ameri-
cans miss abroad,

“The colored people soon wont have any
rights in this town,” remarked Magistrate
Brann the other day in disposing of two whiie
rowdies who had beaten a negro for daring
to walk along the street. Some indignities
which the colored folk in New York endure

without complaining would make a whole lot

of trouble in a city further south. In one dry
goods store {ts an expensively equipped restau.
rant for its patrons. Few of tie-e are of the
wealthier class and the store, to judge by the
erowd that throngs its aisies, is very popuiar
among colored people. But they not al-
lowed to eat in the resturant, though there
isn't a trace of a color line anywhere else, 4
reapectably dressed mulatto woman entered
the restaurant a few days ago and took a seat
al a vacant table. The waiters were busy
and did not notice her till she had sat down.
Then the head wailer saw the dark skin and
{ympe as if a pin had asserted itself under
sis collar, He didn’t say anything to the
woman himself, but held a conference with
the walter at whose table she had presumed to
sit, Then the waiter moved ovet to the womur
and whispered to her. She seemed more sur
prised than indignant, After a few words
she said “very weil.” gathered up her packages
and moved out

“Don't you permit colored persons to eat
here,” the wader was asked by a white woman
at another table

He looked around to see if the head waiter
were within hearing, then as he wasn't, sald

“No'm, not if we see them first, and we
usually does.”

ait

builders from }

American patronage seems 6u- |

is small because both |
the cosmopolitan |

This |}

| GEN. JOHN M. PALMER DEAD |

ILLINOIS STATESMAN DIES
OF HEART DISEASE.

SUDDENLY

Was Sick Only a Brief Time—Had Been About
Town on Monday—His Long Career ina Pab-
lic Affairs~Stephen A. Douglas Started
Him to His Legal Carcer—His Attainments

SPRINGFIELD, Lil, Sept. 25.--Gen

Palmer, formerly Governor of Illinols, at one

time a United States Senator, the Gold Demo-

cratic candidate for President in 1806 and one
of the well-known Generals in the Union Army

| in the Civil War. died at his home here at 7
o'clock this morning

| Gen. Palmer died suddenly, his death being
caused by heart disease. He was an honorary
pall bearer at the funeral of Gen. MoClernand
last Saturday and wasin good health last even-
ing. He made a trip around the business part
of the city last night to see the Uluminations

on account of the State Fair. He passed a

comfortable night. but this morning had a

sudden distress, which ended in death

| AGED
|
|

John MeAuley Palmer was born in a log cabin
on Eagle Creek, in Scott county, Ky, on Sept
13, 1817. When he Was 14 years old his family
moved to Madison county, Ll The youth
soon entered Shurtleff College. His father
had all he could do to provide a living for his
family, so John had to work his own way. He
built fires and did chores fora time, but it soon
became a question of starving in oollege or
going to work. He decided to to work
and entered a mak-
ing GO cents a day = fitting on bar-
rel hoops. After this he peddied clocks
until 1837 When he became a schooimaster in
a little school in Fulton county, Through
Stephen A. Douglas. Palmer was led to study
law, which he did after school hours. In 1830
he entered the office of John S. Greathouse at
Carlinville, Ill, and shortly after was admitted
to the bar at Springfield. There he made the
acquaintance of Abraham Lincoln, and from
this meeting dated a friendship ended only by
Lincoln's death

In 1840 Palmer entered politic
Martin Van Buren for the Pres In 1843
he ran for ofce himself and was elected Probate
Justice of his county and in 1847
a member of the convention called to framea
hew Constitution [n 1849 he was elected County
Judge and in 1851 he went to the State Senate
He attended the sessions of 1852, 1859 and 1854,
when, having aquarrel! with theDemocrati party
he resigned his seat and was soon elected chair-
man of the first Republican State Committee in
Tilinois, and a delegate to the first Republican
National Convention in Philadelphia which
nominated Fremont and Dayton

In 1850 Palmer himself ran for Congress,
but was defeated When Fort Sumter was
fired upon Palmer raised the Fourteenth Illinois
Volunteera, was made Colonel of the regiment
and later Brigadier-General, He commanded
a division of Pope's army at the capture of New
Madrid and Island No. 10 and took part in the
bombardment of Fort Pillow. At Corinth
Gen Palmer, with asmall body of men, was cut
off by the Confederates, but they furiously fought
their way ont against large odds. After 18@2
he was assigned to duty under Gen Buell with
the Ariny of the Mississippi and was soon pro-
moted to Major-General for gallantry He
took part_in the battles of Chickamauga,
Lookout Mountain and Missionary Ridge
In 1864 he resigned active fleld com
mand, but commanded the Military Department
of Kentu from, Senter ists, to Ma
1A08 On Sept. 1, 1980, he resigned this come
n i wid going ‘to Sorineilield avain en.
tered pe Ind in 1868 was elected Repub=
liean Governor of Tilinot ’

Crwing to difference: with his narty he rea.
turned to the Demoeratie party again in 18739
and sinoa then had received repeated political
honors from thut part He (wic@an
tneaneceasful Democra eandia for the
United States Senate from hu + a delegate.
at-iargoe at the Demorratio National Conven-
ton in 1881, was deiented for Governor in psse
and was elected I nited State natorin 1@).
Mr. Palmer was an old-time oerat and
could not countenance the Papiuti<t element
in the Brvan platform, and accepted the noml-
nation for President of the Gold Demoorata
fn 1808. Recentl he announced his intention
of enpnorting MeKinley

Canton, Olfo, Sept. 25 —President MeKin-
ley, on receiving the news of the death of Gen
Palmer, dictated the following message
“Hon. S. M. Cullom, Springfield, 1

“Tam deeply pained to learn of the death of
Gen. Palmer fis noble and patriotic ser-
vice to his country in war as well as in peace
will long he remembered by the American

ople. Please convey to the members of the
amily my sincere sympathy

“WILLIAM McKinury.*

WORCESTER MUSIC FESTIVAL.

go

coopers’ shop,

4,
eney

le

Sir Arthur Sallivan'’s “Golden Legend” Given
~Excellent Work by the Sololats.

WORCESTER, Maas., Sept, 25,—The forty-third

| and, in certain important respects, the moat
ambitious musio festival of the long series be-
gan here this evening with Sir Arthur Sulll-
van'a “(holden Legend.” If the cantata were the
measure of the festival generally. there would
be little to say of it, except to record a good per-

formance of commonplace music, The coming
programmes, however, are alive with interest,
and if the standard of this evening's perform-
ance ie maintained, the festival will take a high
ace in the history of the enterprise, As has
een the case for several years, the instru-
mental forcea consist of sixty members of

| the Boston Symphony Orchestra, with Frans |

Knelsel as concert master and assistant con-
ductor. The chorus remains at last year's
limit of 400 volces, and George W. Chadwick
is the conductor,

The soloists this avening were Lillian Blau-
velt, Gertrude May Stein, Tneodore Van Yorx,
Gwilym Miles and Jullan Walker
the latter have appeared here before and all
were eminently sticcessful. Van Yorx was par-
ticularly effective, establishing himself as a
favorite so far as the audience was concerned
Mileg was not the most humorous Mephsato,
but he was wholly musical and epirited. Mr.
Walker had the unusual distinction of making
a hit in an insignificant part

St. John’s Cathedral Trustees Meet,
The first meeting of the trustees of St. John's
Cathedral since June was held yesterday at
See House, 20 Lafayette place. A report of the

Building Committee was read as to the prog-
ress made during the summer and the ‘ruse
tees decided to complete, as soon as possible,
the choir and chape!, A model of the whole
building will be put on exhibition soon.

Grand Master Sargent'’s Salary Raised,

The Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen an-
nounced yesterday that all its national offloers

had been reélected. Grand Master Sargent
would con ent to accept « fice only on condi-
tion tnat his salary be raised from $8,500 to
$5,000a year This was agreed to ly a unani-
mous vote. Grand Master Sarvent has held
office continuously for fifteen years.

It’s here! The new yoke back
| Fall overcoat!

make the old ones seem old and
unsatisfactory; for the good old
| styles are ever new,
‘The good old are all here as
well as the new new.
So are the new colors in sack
suits; the new shape in sack coats,
Are you ready to renew?
Overcoats 815 to &80. Suits
&15 to K32,

Roorers, Peer ow Company.

254 Broadway, cor. Warren,
! and 7 and 9 Warren St.
660 roadway, cor. Prince We All orders
12¢0 Broadway, cor. 32d by mail,
\ and 54 West 35d St

John M. |

supporting |

was elected |

All except |

It is not a new style in order to |

~~" ee SAAD

Rew Publications,

Mew Publications,

9

ooo

6—NEW BOOKS—6

DEAN FARRAR

The Life of Lives; or, Further Studies in the Life of Christ.

Rev, | R. W. F. FARRAR, Dean of Canterbury, author of “The Life

of Christ,” ete.

PARTIAL CONTENTS: Our Lord's
in which He Lived -- Leesons of the t
Methods of Evangelizat on
—The Gladness of Jesus The Aposties

Human Aspeot ~ The Language Ho

hreeor jed Years
Forms of Teaching, Their Uniqueness — Jesus and Chi dren
eto., eta.

12mo, clo h, $2.50.

oke— The Age

Judalsm — The First Anecdote=

SHAKESPEARE—LOW

As You Like It.

With five full-page photogravure illustrations and

numerous drawings and decorations to accompany the text, by WILL

H, Low. 8vo, cloth, $2.50,

The great success of Mr. Low's Ulpetzations for
The result is a book of full and «erious {
This text and {illustration combined have produced a noteworthy result. ”

a treatment by himof “As You Like It."
on

“The Forest of Arden," has suggested

lustra-

H. SETON MERRIMAN

The Isle of Unrest.
Tents,” etc.

By the author of “The Sowers,” “In Kedar's
12mo, cloth, illustrated, $1.50,

This is a thrilling story of life in Corsica and France,

CEORC

In the Desert. By the author of “An Egyptian Princess,”

12mo, cloth, $1.50.

EBERS
“Cleopatra,”

This is the story of a young woman who undertakes to “live out her own nature.’

JANE BARLOW

From the Land of the Shamrock.
12mo, cloth, $1.50.

“Bogland Studies,” ete.

By the author of “Irish Idyts,”*

By the best-known living delineator of Irish character.

AMANDA M. DOUCLAS

A Little Girl in Old Washington.
“A Little Girl in Old New York.”

A juvenile book. Uniform with
12mo, cloth, $1.50.

This fs a continuation of the “Little Girl” Series, which has been warmly welcomed

by a multitude of ) oung readers,

DODD, MEAD

& COMPANY,

Publishers, 372 Fifth Avenue, New York,

CROUCH OUT ON CASH BAIL,
Held Till Afternoon on Edna GriMith's Charge
of Non Support for Her Child.

George Crouch, the Wall Street operator,

who {s accused by Edna Griffith of being the |
father of her child and of failure to provide |

for it, had more trouble yesterday. Not only
did he have to remain in the West Thirty-ffth
street police station all Monday night because
he could not give ball, but he was obliged to
stay in the Criminal Court building until yes
terday afternoon before he could be balled

out
Crouch was brought down to the Court of
Special Sessions at about @ o'clock yesterday
morning. He Was not locked up, there, but
was allowed to sit in the sergeants room. In
the afternoon B. F. Tyler of 6 Wall street de-
yoaited $300 cash bail with the City Chamber
fain and Crouch was released. fle declined to
talk about the case yesterday before he had
had a conference with his counsel, Then, he
intimated, he might give out a stitement which
would make interesting reading. He had lots

of fault to find with the manner in which his |

arrest Was made, however. The warrant was
issued for him several days ago, he said, but
instead of arresting him when the Court of
Special Sessions was in session 50 that he could
give bail he was arrested while he was with
friends in a hotel, at a time when it was out
of the question to get out on bail,

“The way the Out-Door Poor Department has
of doing these things is hardly fair,” be said
“It can send out and arrest a man without
giving him any chance It opens the door for
a}l manner of blackma!! schemes like this. A
young man or a man with a family {9 at the
mercy of scheming women
Detective O'Connor said that the arrest was
made at the first opportunity. Crouch ha
evaded arrest, and as soon as he was found he
was taken into custody without regard to the
ho ‘At the office of Lawyer Atchison it was
said last night that Crouch had made no state-
ment. Mr. Atchison fs
owing to the serious {illness of his fat

If ne case against Crouch takeg
course, !{t will be on the calendar in
Special Seasions on Oct. 17.

her.
the usual
e Court of

NEARLY DROWNED AT A BAPTISM.

Preacher and Convert Get Beyond Their
Depth and Are Rescued Just in Time.

WATERVILLE, Me, Sept. 25.—Elder F. B.
Rowe, an evangelist, who had been holding
meetings in one of the = schoolhouses
on the road to Smithfleld for three
weeks, and Mrs. Anna Wellman, 4 oandi-
date for baptism, narrowly escaped drown-
ing in the Messalonskee stream on Sunday
afternoon during the coremony of
baptism. Elder Rowe had several candidates
and the first was immersed without accident
and Mrs. Wellman, who is large, wos the second
oimdidate, and when the elder, who is
diminutive in size, lowered her backward
her welghtcaused him to lose his footing,
and in amoment both were floundering
in the water Mrs Wellman clung to
the eder's coat with desperation while
he endeavored to get into shallow water, hut
without success. The couple were soon strug-

ling for liie in the deepeet part of the strearn,
Bot ) the eld'r and Mrs. Wel man went down

twice, but were final!
the crowd. Further paptioma for the day were
cal ed off, and Mrs. Wellrnan Is still confined to
her bed on account of the stiock

LEAPED TO ANOTHER TRACK,

One Train Dashes Into Another That Was
Ronning Parallel With It—Two Dead.

SPRINGFIELD, Ill, Sept. 26—Five thousand

| visitors at the State Fair to-day saw an engine |

leave the tracks and dash into another which
was running along beside it, heard the crash
as the two engines came together and later saw
the forms of anengineer and fireman lying
beneath the débris in such a manner that nelther
could extricated until the tons of wreckage
were The dead: John Ryan, engineer;
erry Hall, fireman, Seriously injured: A. J.

ack, switcliman
io, accident oceurred when the visitors at

the fair were crowding the station platforms
to return to the city. The Chicago, Peorta
and St. Louis Railroad and the Chicago and
Alton each have tracks to the fair grounds
A broken railin the C, P & 8t. L, tracks near
the end of a curve caused the wreck, Both
suburban trains were approaching thetr re-
kpective stations, They were running side
by side ata high rate of speed when the ©, P.
& St. L. engine left the track and struck the

C. & A. engine

HH. S. ARMSTRONG ARRESTED.

Charged by His Partner tn the Armstrong &
Bolton Company With Wrongful Conversion.

H. 8. Armstrong of the Armstrong & Bolton
Company, contracting engineers, of 62 Grand
street, was arrested at his homein Mount Ver-
non by Central Uffice Detective Thompson and
arraigned inthe Jefferson Market police court
yesterday on a charges of grand larceny, pre-
ferr.d by James RK. B. Bolton, Armstrong's
partner. The litter deciares that as President
ofthe company Armstrong drew a ¢check for
$500 and deposited that sum to his own account
in another bank on Aprilié. Armstrong pleaded
not guilty and his defence was that he had
turned over to Bolton $17,000 to oover the
a pount tansierred and o'her transactions tn
the past Hits examination was set down for
Friday

Amertcan Machinery for Egypt.

Philadeiphian, to sail hence
on Saturday for Liverpool, will carry #0 tons
of American machinery, consigned to Alex-
andria, Egypt. This is the last of the ship-
ments of machiners, teehnically known as
bridge tramway, sent to Alexandria hy the
prowe fridge Cramway Company of Cleve
and. The e-timated value of this ahipment
ie $200.00. The Leviand Steamship ¢ any
fends weekly by its steaners direct to Egypt
and India larae shipmenta of American ma-
iner and the entrance of American ma-
her rte these countries ia a@ striking ti-
istration of the nation’s great advance in
the manufacture of high-grade mavhinery.

The steamer

Brookiyo Minister Resigus.
The Rev. John A. Bi'lingsley haa resigned the

torate of the Bethany Preeb ureh
n Brooklyn, which he bas held tor ae

E

in Nashville, Tenn, |

rescued by two men of |

JUST PUBLISHED

XPANSION

UNDER NEW-WORLD CONDITIONS

By JOSIAH STRONG, author of “Our
Country.”

12M0, CLOTH, 81.00; PAPER, 6OC.

New conditions create new problems, ne -
sities, new duties new opport ee The ‘Tuesaen
of expansion js discussed In the iteht of these new
conditions and Dr. Strong hasthe rare ouality of
making Ogures and statist ca not only attractive, Bub
fascina'ing, as is evidenced by the gale of several
hundred thousands of his other books.

THE REAL

DAVID HARUM

12M0, CLOTH, ILLUSTRATED, 95 CTs.

an dentiAestion, containing many aneedotes,
characteristic horse stories, riraits and c
omitted from the great novel’ +

The Baker & Taylor Co., Publishers

5 and 7 East 16th St,, New York.

243rd Thousand
Janice Meredith.

By Paul Leicester Ford.

Dodd, Mead & Company

Publishers, New York.

MaARARINnDYD.

KEOGH—O'MALLEY.-—On Sept 25, 1900, at the
Chureh of the Holy Name, by the Rev. D, J. Our-
ley, James Carmon Keogh w Florence Marte,
daughter of Major Austin P. O'Malley, late of ker
Majesty's Twenty-second Cheshire Regiment

pmiIzBx

COOKE,—At Wrekoff, N. J., on Tuesday, Sept. 25,
1900, Watts, husband of Emma Cooke, in the 66th
year of his age.

Relatives and friends are invited to attend the
funeral on Thursday, Sept 27,1900, from hily
late residence, 728 East 25th st, Paterson, N, J.,
at 5 o'clock P. M. Interment private Omit
flowers.

DENISON.—On Sunday, Sept. 23, 1900, at 10:30
P. M., Susan M., wife of Griswold Denison.
Funeral services on Tuesday, Sept. 25, 1000, at
8:00 P. M., at her late residence, 490 Bedford av.,
Brooklyn, Interment private.
GRIGGS.—At New Rochelle, N. Y., on Sunday,
Sept 25, 1900, Elizgur D. Griggs, in his 60th year.
Funeral services at his late residence, 22 Looust
av., New Rochelle, on Thursday. Sept 27, 1900,
atlo'clock P.M. Interment at Woodlawn. Cen-
necticut papers please copy.
PEACE.—On Tuesday, Sept 25, 1900, William B,
son of Ahi Pesce
Services Thursday evening, Sept 27, 1900, at &
o'clock at bis late residence, 105 Park place,
Brooklyn, Friends respectfully invited to attend.
SOOTT.—At Loulsville, Ky., on Sept 24, 1900, Dr.
Preston B. Scott.

SMITH.-—On May 31, 1900, in New York, Hiward
Smith.

Interment at Woodlawn Cemetery on Thursday,
Sept 27,1900,at11 A M Relatives and friends
are respectfully invited to attend. Oarriages will
be in waiting upon arrival of 0:85 A. M wala, AL
RK. RA, from Grand Oentral Depot

TAYLOR,—Suddenly, at 64 Ralston ayv., South
Orange, N. J., om Tuesday, Sept 25, 1900, Mar-
garet, daugbier of Joseph F. and Margaret Our-
rier Taylor, aged & montha.

Funeral! private,

Special Motices.

LUXURIANT Bt with {ts youthful
sured by Using PARKER'S HAIR Dat
KI NDERCORNS, the best eurefor corna 1

‘Mew Publications,

O THREE THINGS—See Pratt, bu bundle
of Books and repeat the dose. Y

161 6th av,

PORTO RICO'S \EW PROSPERITY.

Great Hopefulness Everywhere ta the Itand,
Saye Treasurer Hollander.

WASHINGTON, Sept, 25—Dr. Jacob Hollander
Treasurer of Porto Rico, was in Washington
to-day consulting with Treasury officials me
warding financial measures for the island. In
speaking of the outlook he said:

“There te the greatest spirit
everywhere in the island The bent
are rallving to the support of American
ions, and @ gradu but erowing influx of
ean capital is proving a potent argument.

The reports which have gone from
and which have 6
in the United States, have
tional despatches or the

tations of selfish

oo of which one reads in

ia a turbulent, poverty: en

fete et csenaate
eee any feet a Doe

inning to enter upon @ Lew era
and social prosperity.”

Health Commissioner Benson Returns.
Health Commissioner James R, Benson of
Hoboken, who disappeared from his home, 306

pares rok abi
. pic ll a Vern