ae epee ay ae

a Or als? are
ey ss hn is y :

THE WEATHER |
Fair and colder to-day; i * ‘7
Oetailed weather reports will be found on 3 q

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

oc —— ————<——— ——
VOL. LXXXIL—NO. 178, bee NEW YORK, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1914.—copyrignt, 1914, by the sun Printing and Publiehing Association PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

 

 

 

 

—

GOETHALS WONT
TALK ON POLICE

Arrives Here on Way to
Washington—Gets Let-
ter From Mayor.

       

$960,000 RADIUM ORE AS A GIFT.

A, I. du Pont Devotes Largest Ship-
ment Ever Made to Charity,

Denver, Feb, 19.—The largeet shipment
of radium ore ever made, seven carloads,
valued at $360,000, now awaiting treat-
ment at a radium plant soon to be opened,
{s to be devoted to the public good, ac-
cording to a statement made by Forbes
Rickard, mining engineer. Mr. Rickard
11s the Denver representative of Alfred I.
|du Pont, the powder manufacturer.
| Not @ pound of the ore is to be sold,
he announced, but after it has been re-

BUSINESS PICKS UP IN WEST.

nion Pacific's Shops at North

CASTILLO IN STEEL
trout cove devon ve tere, | UBL AL FORT DLIQD| scerne'ruaree ‘ene over soe osctens

Lonvon, Feb, 19.—Charles Frederick | conditions are improving so rapidly that
Gurney Masterman, who was recently pro- | | the Union Pacific shops at this place
moted to be Chancellor of the Duchy of | which have been closed since early in
Lancaster and therefore had to be re- Bandit Glad to Be P ro tected January, are to be reopened at once and
elected to Parliament, was defeated in! Against Bullets of ie employees are to work seven hours

Mexicans.

 

Chancellor of Lancaster Dechy
Defeated by Uniontat,

 

 

RAIN, SLUSH, MORE
SNOW, ALL IN A DAY

Delay in Transportation, Due
to Ice, Adds to New York's
Discomfort.

RATE RELIEF ON
APRIL 4 NEXT

First Step in 5 Per Cent.
Advance to Be Taken
Then.

New

 

 

 

 

 

| his constituency of Southwest Bethnal! a day for five days in the week. The
Green to-day. j regulation eight hour schedule will be
|. The vote was Wilson (Unionist), 2,828; | | adopted very soon. |
Masterman, 2804, and the Socialist candi: | | This statement was made here to-day

TWO DEATHS FROM FALLS date, 316. This is a Unionist gain as) HIMSELF PATRIOT | °Y General Manager Ware of the Union

 

 

 

 

CALLS

 

 

 

 

duced and treated it will be given to | Mr. Masterman was returned in the by*| | Pacific, who is in thie city arranging for

FRAMING NEW TARIFFS hospitals, and most of the radium will be | | election in 1911, receiving 2745 votes to the reopening. . INEW RUMOR BOBS UP
used in Denver for the treatinent of | 2661 cast for the Unionist and 184 for the The North Platte shops employ 400 men | ;
| cancer, If Mr. du Pont's plans are | Rain Helps to Make Streets Pass- | Socialist candidate, | Two Men Missing From El Paso and do much of the repair work for the |

| carried out thie city will be made the most | oo Seer 1 Seen wane ne
important point in the world for the|

Production of radiurn.
WILSON’S WILL A “MENACE.”

able—Harbor Floes
Breaking Up.

Hearing on Regulation of
Railroad Stock and
Bond Issues.

| western end of the Nebraska division |

| Unionist candidate, Mr. Dupre, received Believed to Have Been Exe- , of the Union Pacific. The full quota ot | This Time the Colonel Will
| 9,044 votes, and Mr. Moseley, the Liberal cuted by Villa. | men will be employed. Take Job Here Before

 

candidate, 6,713. The Untonist candidate: |
| Was returned unopposed at the last elec: |

 

 

 

8,619 AUTOS TO ENGLAND.

 

 

fz

 

NEWMAN ERB PROTESTS!

 

Head of Minneapolis and St.
Louis Wants More Money
for Mail Carrying.

 

The astern railroads that are peti-
tioning for a 5 per cent. Increase in ratea |
will receive their first rellef from the!
Interstate Commerce Commisgion on|

Senator Oliver Snys President En-
ecroaches on Congress,
Boston, Feb. 19.—In an address before
the New England Women's Press Asso-
ciation Senator Oliver of Pennsylvania
said to-day:

“In my opinion, one of the greatest

When it isn’t one thing {t {s something | tlon. : |

else this winter. First it was “below, The value of the results as a verdict
zero,” then it was snow, then slush—/|0n the home rule question is uncertain.
inches of slush—with enough fce to tie up; BucRinghamshire can probably be re-
transportation lines and to make walk-| 6@rded as against home rule, but the

ing hazardous. Then came more snow
‘last night and almost an inch fell be-

Irish question was submitted in vain at
Bethnal Green, where the insurance act

menaces of our time lies in the constant |

and increasing incursions of the Execu-
tive upon the legislative domain. I am
reflecting upon no particular party. Each
is alike culpable.

“The abuse began under President
Roosevelt, was continued under President
Taft, and the present Executive has
brought it to full maturity in forcing his

tween 6:15 BP. M. and midnight. | was of paramount interest, many work- |

The temperature then was 31, and the| !hsmen being opposed to It.

forecasters promised it would be clear | A seat will be found for Mr. Masterman
and colder to-day ‘elsewhere. It is thought probable that

| ’ vill resign J 0)
The rain yesterday did one thing for Sir Thomas Roe will resign his seat from
, Derby in order to allow Mr. Masterman,
which {t deserves thanks. [It removed : :
to be returned from that constituency.
snow faster than several thousand mien |
and horses and wagons could have done |

it. As a trifling payment for this favor | ROOT AND O'GORMAN

granted this’ same rain compelled the

 

Tu Paso, Feb. 19.—Maximo Castillo,
charged with many crimes of murder
and banditry in Mexico, was escorted by
United States soldiers from a train and
locked fn a steel cell in a guardhouse at
Fort Bliss this evening.

Hundreds of curlosity seekera crowded
the vacant space in front of the depot

when the El Paso and Southwestern train |

arrived from Hachita, N.
I, Twentieth United

M.
States

Company

| the station to two big automobile trucks

that stood in front, “United States Quar-
termasters Department” blazoned on the
sides. In the trucks were some empty
boxes from the commissary storehouse.

tion to the waiting automobiles. The

Infantry, |
| formed a double file from the entrance to

|

| MAY REVIVE HIGH ARMY GRADE

 

|
| September.

U. S. Exported That Many to Great
Britain in 1015,

Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sen. | “I AM NOT IN POLITICS”

Lonvon, Feb. 19.—Official returns show |

that Great Britain imported 3,619 auto-

 

 

mobiles, besides parts, from the United
States in the year 1913. The total value |
of these automobiles was £1,641,078, or!
$7,705,390.

In the same period Great Britain ex-
ported to the United States seventy-six |
automobiles of the value of £108,717, or}
$543,585.

 

 

Thus Answers Report That He
Will Run for Governor
of New York.

 

Col. George W. Goethals arrived on the
United Fruit steamship Metapan yester-
day. Coincident with his arrival a re
port became current that Col. Goethals

Aprit 1 imperious will upon a reluctant Con- city's millions of people to wade through | Through this file = infuntrymen Caa-| Secretary Garrison to oe Restora- | will become Police Commissioner belees
“on ; freight tartife are bet gress.’ a cold mixture of melted snow and dirt. CLASH IN THE ENATE ee and his party, five men and a tion of Licutenant-General, the middle of next September.
ns = ae ae eee ‘eestiic ae ee The problem of what to wear was set- | woman, were marched through the sta- WasHINaTon, Feb, 19.—Secretary of

pared. Allowances to industrial lines

|
will be cut off, in conformity with the.
recent decision of the commission, which |
condemned these “rebates.”

Offictals of the commission and a
committes representing the failroads
have been in conference to readjust the
carriers’ tariffs so that the revenues
may be largely increased.

President Daniel Willard of the Balti-
more and Ohio, speaking for the presi-
dents of the fifty-two petitioning East-
ern railroads, expressed the opinion
yesterday that the Interstate Commerce
Commission has recognized the neces- |
aty of the carriers getting larger reve-
Dues

Hearings on the bills to empower the
Interstate Commerce Commission § to
regulate railroad stock and bond issues
were begun before the House Commit-
tee on Interstate and Foreign Com-
merce at Washington yesterday.

In the United States Senate a resolu-
ton was introduced yesterday by Mr.
Norris of Nebraska calling on Attor-
vey-General MeReynolds to divulge his
egotiations regarding the reorganiza-
tion of the New Haven road, and espe-

wal
frou

whether or not any immunity |
prosecution has been promised. |
‘inan Erb, president of the Minne-
‘polis and St. Louls Rallroad, deciared
n London that his road had threatened
to refuse to carry the United States
mails unless paid more of aecount of
the increase In parcel post businegs. |
ther railrouds, according to Washing- |
yn despatches, have hinted at similar}
ietion

CONFERENCE ON RATE RELIEF.

It le Held tu Bring Ahout Readjust-
ment of Tariffs,

Feb. 19,—The Eastern

carriers that are petitioning for a 5 per

ent in freight rates will get

heir first relief from the Interstate Com-

merece Commission on April 1,

The SUN corvespondent learned to-day
that of of the commission aud a
fomuuttes representing the railroads have
Seen in conference to adjust the carriers’
arufs to the commission's recent decision
Ohcemn.ng allowances granted by the
4).roads to industrial lines,

it was learned further that as soon as
the new freight tariffs can be prepared
4nd printed every allowance granted by
‘ho rallroads to so-called industrial lines
“)) be cancelled.

What this will amount to by way of in-
creas.ng Ohe railroads’ revenues has not
been determined accurately, but the com-
Mission estimated that the cancellation of
Ciese allowances in the iron and steel in-
Gusiry would amount to as Much
Qs $15,000,000 a year.

Wile Cut Of Allowances.

The schedules now in course of prepara- |
Lon will cut off aj allowances of this|
character, In cases where the Interstate |
Commerce Commission has not already
he@nded down # decision it will reat with

ndustrial plants affected individually |
exception to the new order ot|
There is no doubt, however, that}
erstate Commerce Commission will |
cases in aceordance with the!
principles laid ;down in the in-

n of allowanées made to the
4 iron industry. |
slep is regarded as the most im-|
b toot taken in connection with railroad |
r |. is represented as marking the
5 of a readjustment that will

rriers many millions of dollars

u shovel revenue each year,
* said that the carriers involved in
t sauce rate case pending before the
“on have at work hundreds of |

 

WASHINGTON,

increase

ia.s

 

alone

 

Gecide ull

Veatigat

MAJOR KOEHLER MUST
FACE COURT-MARTIAL

Charges Against Artillery Offi-
cer Will Be Heard
Tuesday.

 

 

Major-Gen. Thomas H. Barry, com-
manding the Department of the Last,
has ordered a court-martial to sit at Fort
Terry, Plum Island, near New London,
Conn., Tuesday morning to try Major
Benjamin M. Koehler of the Coast Artil-
lery on charges which have not been
made public. Major Koehler, who was
stationed at Fort Terry, is now under
arrest at the fort.

Major Koehler is widely known in army
circles and was for a time on recruiting
duty here. He is 42 years old and was
graduated from West Point In 13897.
After serving with the Seventh Infantry,
the Fifteenth Infantry and the Sixth Ar-
tillery he was detailed to the Astor Bat-
tery in 1898 and went with the battery
to the Philippines. He became a First
Lieutenant a year later, a Captain in 1991
and a Major in 1911.

The court-martial ordered by
Gen. Barry is made up as follows:

Col. Henry Kirby, Third Infantry;
Col. Adelbert Cronkhite, Coast Artillery;
Col. George T. Bartlett, Coast Artillery;
Lieut.-Col. Herman C. Schumm, Coast
Artillery; Lieut.-Col. Samson L. Falson,
Fifth Infantry; Lieut.-Col. Edmund M.
Blake, Coast Artillery; Lieut.-Col. Sidney
8. Jordan, Coast Artillery; Lieut.-Col.
Morris K. Barrol!, Coast Artillery ; Lieut.-
Col. Delamere Skerrett, Coast Artillery ,
Lieut.-Col. Henry D. Todd, Coast Artil-
lery; Major William F. Martin, Fifth
Artillery; Major Joseph Wheeler, Jr.,
Coast Artillery; Major Percy Kessler,
Coast Artillery, and Capt. James J.
Mayer, Infantry, Judge advocate.

ATTACK DEWEY IN REICHSTAG.

Admiral’s Statements Regarding Ma-
mila Bay Severely Criticised.
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Suv.
Bern, Feb.
member of the Clerical party, made a
sharp attack in the Reichstag to-day on
Admiral Dewey on account of the statement
made by the latter in his autoblography
in regard to the conduct of Vice-Admiral
von Diedrichs, the commander of the Ger-
man. fleet at Manila in May, 1898, just
before the battle of Manila Bay. Herr
Ersberger said the statements of Admiral
Dewey had excited the greatest amuaze-
ment in Germany.

Major-

 

 

 

Count Rev;
naval writer,
miral Dewey in the Berlin Tages Zeitung
of last Tuesday. He described Admiral
Dewey's sry of the clash between him-
self and Vice-Admiral von Diedrichs as
“astonishing revelations’ and challenged
the accuracy of the American Admiral's
assertion that the Americans fired a shot
across one of the German warships as a
warning to the German commander to
respect the blockade.

It was said in despatches from Berlin
yesterday that the German Government

tlow, Germany's foremost

would take no official notice of Admiral |

Dewey's statements, but that something
would be said about them “from an au-
thoritative source.”

CHOIR SINGER MAY BE THIEF.

 

Hed Double Role.

Singing in the choir of the
Methodist Episcopal Church on
and at prayer meetings evenings

Trinity
Sundays
and rob-

ade a sharp attack on Ad-| ..oodient of shortening the trains and

|
|
}

|

19.—Herr Erzberger, a}

|

| Robber of Gas Meters Said to Mave)

 

framing new tariffs along the! bing gas meters during the day by posing |

exested by the commission, which
“ mit the carriers to get the benefit
* ' e full rate without allowances to so-
‘ lustrial lines,

‘Seis of the commission expressed

s to-day as pleased with the
Tcoobt manner in which the carriers co-
Oro caled with the commission in bringing |
esol a reform in regard to the allowances

fo Industrial Mes,

The Recent Decision, |

The commission. in ite recent decision
On thle subject said:
The investigation recently completed

into the relation of carriers to plant

railwas
frie!

Mowances,

huge
heir ra

in the aggregate, are

rege

and (da) furnace allowances.
® also disclosed that the extensive
crvices by: the carriers incident to

Continueu on Fourth Page

tt
free

 

 

as an inspector was the life led by a man
who gave the name of George W. Acker

when he was arrested last night at 622 |

East 137th street. ‘

Mrs. Charles Roe of 354 Cypress ave-
nue, The Bronx, admitted a man to her
apartment on Wednesday on his expla-

nation that he wanted to inspect the gas.

meter. Mrs. Rose suspected that some-
thing was wrong and screamed. The “in-
spector” pulled a revolver and threatened
her. As the woman continued to scream
he struck her in the mouth with the re-
volver and fied, leaving behind him a
hat bearing the Initials "G, W. A.”

Jonn Weitrake, the janitor, told De-
tective Lyons of the Alexander avenue

blown off, The description given by Mrs.

followed. '
At the home of the Rev. Jay Benson
Hamilton, pastor of the Trinity Metho-

.| diat Episcopal Church, it was learned that

George W. Acker sang in the choir,

|
|

s controlled by industries in of- | station, who was assigned to the case, |
cluesification territory disclosed that | that immediately after the attack on Mrs. |
Rose a man borrowed a cap and 10 cents |
y made by carriers directly or in- | ¢rons him, explaining that his hat had
re tly to the industries in the form of |
,*’ divisions out of the rate; (b) per) Roge and the janitor fitted a man known
“in reclaima; (Cc) remission of demur- |to the detective as Acker, and the arrest

tled, however. The safe rule to follow!
is to put on a winter overcoat, with a,

raincoat over it: high built overshoes, and | Attack on Carnegie Peace Foun-

if one its of the trouser wearing sex |
to fold thesé neatly inside the overshoes.| dation Results in Lively
Debate.

An umbrella is the final necessity.

The army of snow shovellers wavered
and almost fled to the rear in the face
of the rain'’s drizzling attack. Human
agencies of snow removal were seriously s
crippled by the defection. Regularly em- and Senator O'Gorman clashed in the de-
ployed street sweepers of the Street | bate on the arbitration treaties in the
Cleaning Department of course didn't executive session oF the Benate this after-
mind @ little drizzle, and the men in the | ["- Senator O'Gorman’ was opporing

the treaties and had occasion to refer to
more or less permanent employ of the ‘ . . .

| the Carnegie Peace Foundation. The Sen-
contractors stuck to their jobs. |

ator declared that this organ!tation was
Hard on Traffic.

“sinister and corrupt,” that its real pur-

The rain was preceded in the carly | Pose was sot the promotion of tnterna-
morning by icy sleet, which covered the tonal peace, but to promote an Anglo-
trolley and elevated tracks and tangled | American alliance. In his efforts to prove
up traffic generally. Short circuits were b!8 charge Senator O'Gorman quoted from
rather the rule for a time. Two of these!

an article written many years ago by |
pyrotechnic displays caused small sized | Andrew Carnegie in support of an Anglo- |
panics and the sending out of police re. American alliance. |
serves. The two were at Second avenue | The references to the Carnegie Peace |
and Ninety-second street and Melros | Foundation brought Senator Root to his |
avenue and 149th street. | feet and he earnestly repelled tho sugges-
Two deaths were reported as a result, ton that the organization had any sin-!
of the ice. Mrs. Helen Brocker, owner | ster purpose. He said the charge made
of the five story tenement at 1750 Fifth | >y his colleague was %ffensive to him)
avenue, in which she lived, went out (Mr. Root) and severely critictsed Mr.
without her keys. On her return she tried

O'Gorman.

to get into her apartment by the fire In an effort to conciiiate Senator Root
escape from a neighbor's window and, Mr. O'Gorman insisted that he had not
slipping on the ice covered floor of the meant to be personal in his allusions to
fire escape, fell from the fifth floor to the the Carnegie Peace Foundation. Senator
sidewalk and was killed, John Sharp Williams, a trustee in the

Henry Schuman, a flagman on the Long Carnegie foundation, poured oll on the
Island Railroad, slipped under a train at troubled waters by suggesting that Sen-
Whitney avenue and Broadway, Elm- ator Root ought not to take his New
hurst, as he was warning others of the York colicague seriously Mr.
train's approach and was killed. Schu- O'Gorman was a loyal Irishman and that
man was €0 years old, married, and ved when he discussed any matter relating
at 40 Court street, Elmhurst. to British affairs he was likely to exag-

Many persons were injured more or less) gerats, Senator Williams admitted that
severely by falls on the ice. Henry Steff- | he nad Irish blood in his own veins and
man @ cigar maker of 822 East Eighty- ye could readily understand why Sen-
fifth street, fell and broke his leg near

|ator O'Gorman talked as he did. Mr,
his home. Herman Grissman of 632 Tenth Williains is in favor of the ratification
avenue also broke a leg.

 

|
WasHiInctTon, Feb, 19.—Senator Root!

because

 

 

running them on a briefer headway, and
found it a success. By this method the
motor car shoes went over the third rail so
frequently that ice didn't heave a chance
to form.

On the river and harbor the rain made
the ice spongy and even the smaller tugs
which had had trouble breaking through
for a day or so ploughed along slowly,
but with comparative ease. Jerry slips
were still blocked up with thaice, but this
crunched easily under the impact of the
heavy boats.

 

 

of the treaties.
The blocking of surface lines and the None of the treaties was ratified at the
1 paralyain of some of the elevated session this afternoon. The debate will
partial paral; : : be continued to-morrow and probably it
roads caused heavy crushes at some sta- wij] be several days before any action {s
tions. Policeman Joseph Kijenzler of | taken,
the Adams atreet station, Brooklyn, was The Senate went Into executive session
knocked through a car window at the! within an hour after it met to-day and
Knickerbocker avenue station of the Myr- considered the treaties for about five
tle avenue Ine by the Jam on the platform. | hours, The first one considered was the
His wrist was cut, but he was fixed up und} renewal of the Spanish treaty. This
went back on duty. served to open up the whole question and
j the discussion became general, |
Brooklyn Hard Hit. Senator Shively ; |
§ y of Indiana, as acting |
Brooklyn suffered heavily by the con-|chairman of the Committee on Foreign |
gestion of the elevated lines. Trains on} Relations, called up the treaties and ar-
the Lexington avenue line were stopped gued in favor of prompt ratification. |
entirely for nearly an hour in the. eurly | Senator Chamberlain of Oregon offered |
morning. Then motor cars were sent out an amendment which proposed to exempt
to clear the third rail, and these were | from arbitration four specifie things: |
stalled. | Panama Canal tolls, questions affecting ,
The elevated part of the subway in The | immigration, the Monroe Doctrine and)
Bronx was disabled for a time by the | the question of the admission of aliens to
melting of a fuse on a train at the Juck- | the public schools of the United States.
son avenue station. By the time traffic’ Much of the discussion this afternoon
was resumed more ice had formed| was on the merits of the Chamberlain
on the unused third rail and there was! amendment. The Senator defended his
more delay, * amendment. Other speeches were made
The Manhattan elevated lines tried the | by Senators Root, O'Gorman, Williams
and Poindexter,
TO GIVE U. S. SAILORS A CHANCE.
| Dantels Wants Quota of Enlisted.
Men to Enter Annapolis,
Wasntnoton, Feb, 19.---Secretary of the
| Navy Dantels has submitted to Congress
a bill providing that the Secretary shall
be permitted to appoint each year twenty-
five enlisted men to the Naval Academy
jas midshipmen, This recommendation is
: ; jin line with the Secretary's policy of en-
Fifth avenue offered comedy sketches deavoring to make it easier for eniisted
a plenty. One was the competition be-
tween two keepers of expensive and fa-,™en to advance to higher grades by |
mous shops on opposite corners to get the = oF Gouce inns preparation, re
snow in the dividing street on the other | ° DrOvides CAAL sppeintments |
fellow’s side, First half a dozen employees | shall be in the order of merit after com-
of one of the shops cleared a fine pas- | betitive examination and that no man}
sageway for automobiles at the side of | Shall be eligible until he has served two
this particular shop, piling the snow in Years. Reexaminations are allowed each
front of the other. | year in case of previous failures until a
When the work was finished and the, candidate reaches the age of 22,
cleaners had withdrawn an equal number Mr. Daniels believes with naval officers |
from the other shop came out and threw that it would be unwise to appoint men
the snow back again. This snow went | more than 22 years old,
back and forth at intervals of helf an
|

| TEN YALE SENIORS SUSPENDED. |

|

hour most of the day.
The Fire Department had its usual
trouble getting through the snow, In an-
swering an alarm at 251 West 111th |
street yesterday morning several pieces of Midnight Facapade.
apparatus were held up behind a line of New Haven, Conn., Feb. 19.-—Ten Yale
stalled trolley cars and finally their driv-| seniors have been dropped from the unl-
ers took them around over the sidewalk. | versity because of a recent midnight |
The top floor of the building was pretty | escapade in which several women are sald
well wrecked before the firemen could get | to have figured. The matter, it’ is claimed, |
to work, |}was brought to the sttention of the
| faculty and an investigation was started,
; which resulted in the seniors being
dropped,
Dean Jones when questioned to-night on
the matter said; “A number of Yale
students were suspended for misconduct,”
mons, Then Forced to Red, | but refused to give any further details.
Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sux, | It ia understood that the men dropped are
LONDON, Feb, 19.—Notwithstanding the all prominent members of the class of
fact Uiat he ts suffering from an attack | 1914. —
of influenza Chancellor of the Exchequer | Albert K. Rumsey, the nineteen-year- |
IAoyd George attended to-day's session of j old sophomore from St. Louis, Mo., who
the House of Commons, } Was urrested on three counts of thefts
As # result of this. foolhardiness his | yesterday, pleaded guilty in the police,
condition became worse and he had to re-| court to-day, On his promise

Action Taken After Investigation of

LLOYD GEORGE'S HEALTH WORSE

Chancellor Attends House of Com-

was 102,

to go}
turn to bed. His temperature te-night ee. Judement was suspended. He *)
0°

interior of the station had been cleared
by the police and the local sheriff's force.
Castillo rather crouched than walked, as
if he expected assassination as soon as
he faced the crowd, but there was not
even a jeer. The man accused as his
latest offence of wrecking a passenger
train two weeks ago and sending fifty-

one people to their death in the Cumbre |

tunnel walked out completely surrounded
by about twenty negro troopers of the
Ninth United States Cavalry.

Under command of Major Greene, the
soldiers stationed themselves about the
bandit leader and his associates on the
automobile trucks, their guns loaded and

| that if the grade of Lieutenant-General

cocked, and aa the trucks moved through |

the streets the negro soldiers kept their

| eyes constantly on the crowds, ready to

shoot at the first move to harm ‘heir
prisoner. Castillo’'s head hung low
on his breast and he tried hard to keep
from the gaze of the people who had
crowded the streets to get a glimpse of
him.

In Cell Near Salasar,

The bandit leader reached the post un-
molested and wag locked in a cell ad-
Joining that of Gen. Jose Ynez Salasar,
with whom he fought for a time against
Madero. Since Madero's death the two
travelled different paths, Salazar with
Huerta, Castillo ostensibly espousing
the cause of Zapata, but from all ap-
pearances acting purely the role of
looter, murderer and bandit.

On Castillo's person when captured was
a check signed by William Roxby of BI
Paso for $1,700, which he had forced
Roxby to pay as ransom a week ago.
Yet Castillo after being locked in his cell
to-night loudly asserted that he was not
a bandit but a soldier of patriotism, fight-
ing to free his country from assassins
and usurpers. He declared he knew noth-
ing of the Cumbre disaster except what
he had read in the papers and denied con-

,hection with the affair in any manner.

Castillo appeared much relieved when
locked fn his cell. Uncommunicative,
casting furtive glances about him and ap-
parently suspicious of every movement
about him before he reached his prison
cell, he at once became caim und even
smiled as he talked, after he was locked
up. The bandit leader had recently shaved
off his long beard which he has worn for
years and which had become as familiar
in northern Mexico as his big, high
crowned hat, but there was a growth
of several days stubble on his chin this
afternoon. He said he would let his beard
grow back again and that he had cut it
off to elude capture.

Castillo admitted to-night for the first
time that he entered the United States
to escape capture by Villa's men, “I
exhausted every horse I could secure,”
he declared, “and could not escape. Villa's
men camé on us several times and we
exchanged shots often. They shot my
horse from under me in the last fight.”

Dentes Stealing U. 8. Horses.
Castillo denied stealing horses
the United States cavalry at Columbus,
N. M., last week and also that he was
in New Mexico trying to steal new mounts
when arrested. “It looks like the end,

| he said, referring to his capture. “I fought

to try to help to free Mexico, but there
are others who will carry on the
T am an old man now and by
I get my liberty again it may
late for me to do more,”
Simultaneous with the arrival of Cas-
tillo in E] Paso the extermination of his

war.
the time
be too

| band is reported. The rebels under Villa,

besides killing seven of the band yesterday
afternoon near Guzman, report to-day the
capture of the others. According to Villa‘s
reports, his troops under Capt. Manuel
Samaniego captured a reninant of Cas-
tillo’s band after a hot pursuit in the
vicinity of Espia, twenty miles southeast
of Dog Springs, N. M., last night. They
were headed north and presumably to

ithe American border to escape the enemy.

There was still a smaller attachment of
Castillo’s band taken near Dog Springs
by Villa's soldiers under command of
Juan Talamantes, and it ts said that this
completes the extermination of the band

No News From Missing Men,

No news has been received to-day from
Gustav Bauch, believed to be in the Jua-
rez prison, regardless of rebel official
denials, or from William 8, Benton, the
missing Englishman.

American Consul T., D, Bdwards suc-
ceeded yesterday in seeing Bauch, who
is an American born German. The rebels
accuse him of making notes
armament for the benefit of the Federals.
When questioned to-day regarding Ben-
ton, Villa's eyes flashed,

“What do you think,” he sald, “of a
man who has no connection with the
army who would enter my room armed
with a pistol and begin to complain about
having been robbed by my men” Sup.
pose I knew that man to be a desperate
character and unfriendly to the Consti-
tutionalist cause? Has any one, a for-

 

 

Continued on Third Page,

|

| Opera

from |

| steamship line,

War Garrison will seek to have the grade
of Lieutepant-General restored to the
army if the grade of Vice-Admiral ts re-
vived in the navy. Mr. Garrison ex-
plains this scheme in a letter sent to
Representative James Hay of Virginia,
chairman of the House Committee on
Military Affairs.

In this letter Secretary Garrison says

j
|
}
\
|
|
|
}
|
j

is not revived the navy, by reason of hav-
ing the superior grade of Vive-Admiral,
will outrank the army in joint service,
matters.

Under this condition, Secretary Garri-
son points out, “it is easy to see that
the army will perforce be looked upon
as a subordinate branch, and this is too
inequitable to be contemplated with
equanimity.”

OPERA SINGERS IN SOUP HOUSE.

 

Denver Gives Benefite for Canadian |
Company to Get East. !

Denver, Feb. 19.—The Canadian Grand

Company cancelled to-day all

its engagements. The supernumeraries,

chorus and ballet are anxious to start for

New York. Two benefit performances

were given in the Auditorium here to-day |
and it was said that enough money was

taken in to send the company East.

One hundred menibers of the company
will ‘be guests of Denver te-morrow at
the municipal lodging house. They will
get a big dinner. Mme. Marte Rappold,
one of the stars, took $40 of her own
money and bougilit meals for the crowd,

 

MAY NAME BACON'S SECRETARY.

—_—_— |
Gov. Slaton Has 50 Applicants for
Senate Vacancy.

ATLANTA, Feb, 19.—With over fifty can-
didates from whom to choose an ad
interim successor to tho late United
States Senator Bacon the indications to-
night were that Goy. Slaton would prob-
ably select John T. Boifeuillet of Macon,
private secretary to the late Senator anc
also secretary of the Senate Foreign
Affairs Committee, of which Bacon was
chairman

Bolfeulllet to serve until
November and quit, while the other can
didates are ambitious for the long as well
as the short term. By naming Bolfeuillet
the Governor leaves the man) aspirants
on even terms for the fight before the
people.

is content

2 FAINT: |

MASHER FAINTS AT SENTENCE.

Oscar Hay Sent to Island for Ac-,
!

costing Mrs. Nugent,
Oscar Ray,

310 West

a musician, 35 years old, of |
Thirty-fourth street fainted
last night when Magistrate Appleton in
the night court sentenced him to ten
days on Blackwell's Island for speaking
to Mrs. HEugenia Nugent, a widow, on
the street. He was carried to the prison
pen and revived Kay had $100 in his
pocket and admitted he had been drink-
ing

Mrs. Nugent, who lives in 448 West
Forty-second street and who gave her
occupation as “stage matron,” told the
Magistrate that when she left her home
she was followed by Ray. She said he
touched her on the arm, took off his hat
and when told to go about his business he
knocked off her glasses. She screamed |
for help and Patrolman Laury of the
West Forty-seventh street station placed
Hay under arrest.

 

Rich Spokane Man Had Disappeared
From Santa Barbara.

SANTA BARBARA, Cal, Feb. 19.—A body
belleved to be that of F. Lewis Clark, a
wealthy man of Spokane, Wash. who
disappeared from here several weeks ago,
Was washed ashore to-day near CGaviota,
thirty miles north of here. The skull was
split open

The body will be brought here to-mor-
row for identification by Mr. Clark's
widow, If the body is that of Mr. Clark
and there is evidence of violence arrests
will follow, The body had been in the
water several weeks,

GIRL WINS $35,000 VERDICT.

Accused Cunard Lihe Surgeon and

Matron of Assault,

Minroia, L. Tr, Feb. 19.—A jury in the)
Supreme Court here to-day awarded Miss
Catherine O'Rourke, a servant in a Port

of their | Washington farnily, « verdict of $35,000

in her suit for assault against the Cunard

left Queenstown for |
Campania in April,
After the ship |

Miss ©’ Rourke
New York on the
1910, travelling steerage
was o few days out it was alleged Dr.
Robert Bruce, tho ship's surgeon, and
Selina Wilbrandt, the matron, discovered
a newly born baby aboard, Miss
O'Rourke charged that they forced her |
into the medical department and while
the matron held her the surgeon struck
her to force her to say she waa the mother

 

| locks will be finished by that time.
| will

| Priscilla Goethals,
ww

This report is that he will take the job
whether or not the police bills fathered
by Mayor Mitchel are enacted into law.
The only thing in the way of a final ac-
ceptance by Col, Goethals, according to
the report, is the question as to President
Wilson's attitude. If the President will
permit him to retire on a pension on
September 1, when he is eligible, Col.
Goethals will immediately assume lis new
work here.

Col. Goethals has said that he would
not leave the canal provided the Federal
Government needed his services, but {t
is conceded that the work of organizing
the new government on the Canal Zone
and of attending to various details neces
sary for the smooth running of the big
Thera
be comparatively little Col
Goethals to do after that tima.

The President has said that

tor

the eer-

| vices of Col. GoetRals will be required in-

definitely at Panama,

To Meet Wileon First.

Tt was regarded as likely yesterday
that one reason why Col. Goethals would
not discuss the situation was because he
wished to confer first with President Wil-
son and to aaecertain the President's plans
concerning him

It is thought also that the Colonet,
coming here on matters connected with
the Federal Government, deemed it his
duty to go first to Washington and attend
to those affairs before see: Muyor
Mitchel or making any further statement
regarding the Police Commissionership

“Iam not In politics. I have nothing
to say.”

Thus Col. Goethuls answered all quea-
tions regarding his future.

In the first sentence, emiling but firm,
he replied to the report that he was to
become Progressive candidate for Gov-
ernor of New York, and getting that posi-
tion, he was to swing the State over to
Col. Roosevelt in 1916 or else himself be-
come the joint candidate of Col. Roosevelt
and ex-President Taft for President, Uius
uniting both the Progressive and Nepub-
ean parties,

In the second sentence he made
to innumerable questions fired at
regard to his accepting the Police Com
missionership of New York, Little uddi
tional information was obtained from the
polite, smiling and almost boyishly happy
man,

But through that apparently jolly atti-
tude there shone a quiet determination
and all who know the Colonel realized
that when he made a reply, either in e
jJesting manner or in seriousness, he meant
it.

reply
him in

Dodges Main Question.

The Colonel welcomed the reporters
cordially after they had climbed aboard
the steamship down the bay from the
revenue cutter He talked to them a
lot, but the information that they ob-
tained as to the time he will leave the
big work on the canal and what he will
do afterward can be compressed into the
two sentences quoted.

The Colonel, bronzed and ruddy looking,
was found in his cabin, where he wae
glancing ut a copy of Tue Sun and quot-
ing parts of it to his daughter-in-law, Mrs.
wife of Lieut. George

Goethals, Jr.

He wore a gray suit that fitted hie
splendidly knit figure and emphasized the
Byuare shoulders and the deep chest hie
wore a neat blue tle from which sparkied
a small diamond, His eyes gelistened with
heaith and good nature,

The first person aboard the steamship
was Robert 8S. Hinkerd, seeretary of the
City Club, who has charge of the cam-
paign for the passage of the police bills
for which Col, Goethals has asked as @
condition before he accepts the Police
Commisrtonership,

Mr. Binkerd bore a letter to the Colone)
from Mayor Mitchel, the contents of whie
in their entirety were not revealed to the
public, Another person was Minton
Fluhrer, secretary to Dudley Field Malone
Collector of the Port, bearing the freedom
of the port to the Colonel,

Mayor Seeks Interview,

Binkerd hurried to the cabin of
Col. Goethals and there presented the
letter. The letter was admitted by Mayor
Mitehel to contain a request for an inter-
view with the Colonel as soon as he had
finished his business in Washington. Mr
Rinkerd spent a few minutes in the cabin
chatting with the Colonel and on emerging
therefrom he said:

“Nothing to say.

Mr

The Colonel has

‘nothing whatever to say.”

The reporters next greeted the Colone)
He smiled und bowed to them, rubbing
his hands together and repeating:

“Nothing to say, gentlemen, nothing
to say."

"Of course you stand by your letter
to Mayor Mitchel” he was asked,

“) dont know,’ answered tho
nel with a smile,

“Are you going to
chel?’ another reporter

“IT don't know,”
swer.

“Ie

Colo-

See Mayor
popped up.
was the smiling am

Mit-

there any possibility, Colonel,

an