VOL, LXXV.- XO, 313,

CAMPAIGN BOOKS FLUNG OPEN

———

HITCHCOCK REPUBLICAN CHAIR-
MAN, SHUBLDON TREASURER.

 

new York Publicity Law Shrewdly Applied
to Taft Campaign—Sheldon Named
Unexpectedly at ©. N, Bliss’s, Possibly
Roosevelt's, Request—V orys Appeased.

Hor Sprrnos, Va., July 8.—With the se-
lectio
and George R. Sheldon, the New York
banker, a8 treasurer of the Republican
national committee here to-day, @
the announcement that in the approaching
Republican campaign there will be pub-
licity of receipts and expenditures,

The desire of Mr. Taft to give definite
expreasion to his views on this subject
of campaign contribution publicity was
esponsible for the selection of

largely 1 :
Mr. Sheldon at the last minute. Several
lawyers, including William Nelson Crom-

well, who came to Hot Springs to suggest
Mr. Sheldon’s name, have advised Mr.
Taft that the New York State publicity
law will apply to the national treasurer,
providing headquarters and the head-
quarters of the national committee are in
New York. Both headquarters will be in
that city.

Mr. Taft in the course of the discussion
on the chairmanship before the sub-com-
mittee suid that Senator Murray Crane of
Massachusetts and Senator Warren of
Wyoming had been unable to accept the
chairmanship and that ex-Gov. Myron T.
Herrick of Ohio had been unable to conéider
either the chairmanship or the treasurership.
The names of these men were considered,
it is said, after Hitchcock stated that he
was no longer a candidate.

Here ia the formal staternent handed out
hy the sub-committee of the national com-
mittee in reference to the selection of Mr
Sheldon:

“George R. Sheldon is selected on the
recommendation of Mr, Bliss of New York,
formerly treasurer, who declined to accept
renomination. Mr. Sheldon is president
of the Union League Club of New York,

and was the treasurer of the Republican ;

State committee during the campaign of
Mr Hughes for Governor of New York
and rendered a complete statement under
the publicity law of that Utate of the re-
ceipts and expenditures of the campaign.
his was one of the reasons, in addition to
the recommendation of Mr. Bliss and the
standing of Mr. Sheldon, that induced
his election, as the law of New York re-
quiring publicity will apply to his action
as treasurer of the national committee.”

The action of the sub-committee in taking
edvantage of the New York State publicity
low is regarded here as a clever campaign
nove. Not only will it serve to emphasize
the fact that Mr, Taft was sincere in his
desire for the @iactment of a publicity
law by Congress but it will, it is believed,
put the Democrats in a hole, where they
will either have to follow suit in selecting a
New York man as Treasurer or else make
‘ome other provision for publishing their
‘eceipts and expenditures. But even if
ihe Democrats follow the example set by
the Republicans the most they can hope to
cet out of it will be the credit of playing
second fiddle,

It is understood that Mr. Taft had_in-
sisted, no matter who was selected as trea~-'
siirer, that a complete set of books should
be kept and proceedings put down in black
and white, But when the suggestion was
made to him of the possibility of taking
advantage of the New York State publicity
law heand the members of thesub-committee
quickly saw the opportunity they had for a
good campiagn move which would at the
same time vindicate Mr. Taft's efforts in
favor of the enactment of a campaign
publicity law by Congress.

There seems to be a difference of opinion
among politicians here, however, as to
whether the New York State law will make
it obligatory to record all receipte and ex-
penditures, Some of the men heré, who
confess they aré ignorant of the exact terms
of the law, don’t see how a State law can
apply to collections and expenditures made
outside the State, but Mr. Cromwell, while
he declined to go into details, declared that

| under the act the moneys received or dis-
bursed by the national treasurer will be
reported at Albany after the election,

Whether the law applies in all the details
or not, the really important thing about
the situation, as Republicans here see it,
is that Mr, Taft and the sub-committee
intend to have publicity. The New York
State law in itself may merely be made
an excuse for doing this, but the fact is
that they intend to have the national treas-
urer tell just how much he has taken in
and how much he has paid out.

There is reason to believe that Mr. Taft
himself knew nothing about Mr. Sheldon's
candidacy for the treasurership until
Mr, Cromwell arrived here this morning
48 a representative of Mr. Bliss. Mr. Taft
Bot a telegram from Mr. Cromwell last
night saying that he was on his way to
Hot Springs with a name to suggest, and
asking Mr, Taft not to make any definite
a ee ne nin in regard to the treasurer-
ship.

At that time the only talk was of Con-
sressman William B. McKinley of Illinois.
In fact things had progressed so far that
Mr, Taft had told Mr. McKinley to hold
himself in readiness to be drafted, although
the Illinois Congressman had made ‘it plain
tnat he did not want to serve.

Speaker Cannon, for one thing, would
not hear of MoKinley giving up his place
48 treasurer of the Republican Congress
committee, and James 8. Sherman, the
Vice-Presidential candidate, also was op-
posed to it. McKinley had consented to
serve as a national chairman provided
he was able ta keep the treagurership of
the Congress Committee, but he urged
--, Taft to select somebody else, and sug-
gested two or three names, including Charles
5. Dawes of Illinois, former Comptroller
of the Currency, and Richard Kerens of

Up to the arrival of Mr. Cromwell at 9

o'clock this morning there was scarcely |

4 suggestion that anybody else would
relieve McKinley of the burden. In fact
members of the sub-committee up to within
@ ahort time before the meeting at noon
Were ignorant as to whom Cromwell had
up his sleeve.

With the sub-committee once in seasion,
however, it took them only about an hour
and a half to settle both the chairmanship

Continued on Fourth Page.

a .

 

n of Frank H. Hitchcock as chairman |

 

es

SHERIFF CHANLER DIVORCED.

it Happened in Paris More Than -2 Year
Ago, but Comes Out Only Now.

PovGaHKEEPSIN, July 8.—It became gen-
erally known to-day for the first time that
Sheriff Robert W. Chanler had been di-
vorced by his wife, who was Miss Julia R.
Chamberlain of Red Hook, N. Y. The
| divorce was obtained a year ago last May

 

in Paris and was secured by mutual con-

sent, solely on agoount of incompatibility
| of temper.

The couple have two children. These
are given into the custody of Mrs. Chanler,

but there is an arrangement by which’

; Mr, Chanler is td see them at intervals.
| The older child is to spend some time each
; year in America with its father. The
| younger, a daughter whose health is not
| good, is to remain with the mother in Paris
; at the express wish of Mr. Chanler, who
| desires her to receive the medical care
| poasible there,
| The chief difference of épinton between
Mr. Chanler and his wife arose over their
residence. Mrs. Chanler desired to spend
most of the time abroad, while Mr. Chanler’s
interests here demanded his presence in
America, Mrs. Chanler, it is said, refused
to stay in America,

The divorce was made known to intimate
| friends of the couple at the time of ite
; Sranting. but did not become public until
| to-day. Mr. Chanler said to a friend before
| leaving for the Denver convention:

“Mrs. Chanler is an estimable woman, and

I respect her greatly, but we simply could
; not agree, and we both concluded that it
| would be more sensible to take the course
{| we have already pursued, and I allowed
‘ her to secure a French divorce.”
It is current report that Sheriff Chanler
divides with his wife his inoome of $80,000 a
| year, His residence is at Barrytown. His
| wife lives in Paris. Sheriff Chanler is a
great-great-grandson of the original John
Jacob Astor and a brother of Lieut.-Gov.
Chanler and William Astor Chanler.
DENVER, July 8.—Robert W. Chanler, who
is a delegate here, said that the report of his
divorce was correct though somewhat be-
lated. The divorce was secured a year ago,
he said. He refused to say anything about
the settlement except that it was an amicable
arrangement. He also said that his political
enemies were trying to make capital out of
the episode.

PASSENGER AIRSHIP LINES,

 

German Scheme to Connect European
Capitais—Krupps in It,
Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN.

BERLIN, July 8.—A company with a pre-
liminary capital of $125,000 is being formed
to establish a line of passenger airships
between Berlin, London, Paris, Vienna, St.
Petersburg, Copenhagen-and Stockholm.
The Krupps and a number of bankers are
interested in the company,

Rudolph Martin, author of the novel
“The Coming War in the Air,” and other
novels dealing with aviation, is organising
the German Aerial Navy League. These
and other similar movements have been
long discussed, but the actual {nitiation of
the projects is due to the success of Count
Zeppelin’s latest airship.

Prof. Schiemann crystallizes the national
pride in Count Zeppelin’s airship in an
article in the Kreuz Zeitung, hailing its
successful manceuvres as a great political
as well as scientific event. He contends
that Germany leads the way in applying
aviation to warfare, the airships she already
possesses being effective weapons of war.

He hails the Kaiser as the founder of
the German war fleet, his incitement to
Count Zeppelin and others to invent a prac-
tical aerial warship having led to the preabnt
results. Prof. Schiemann's view cut all
the more figure owing to his personal in-
timacy with the Kaiser.

Some newspapers, with more or less
overt reference to British naval preponder-
ance, emphasize Germany's necessity for
owning a supreme acrial fleet.

Panris,'July 8.—Count Henri de la Vaulx,
the aviator, frankly admits that he keenly
deplores that Germany has outstripped
France in the matter of military steerable
airships. He says that Count Zeppelin has
outdistanced everything, and holds a still
more marvellous surprise in store, which
will be still more humiliating to French
pride.

France, he says, not only made a mistake
in confining herself to a single type of air-
ship, but allowed herself to be hypnotized
by the idea that she was past mistress in
aeronautics and that other nations could
not compare with her.

WILL OF JOSEPH LAROCQUE-

@ne Son's Share of the Estate Trusteed,
the Income Only Gotng, to Him.
The will of Joseph Larocque, who died
at his home, 6 East Fifty-sixth street, on
June 6 last, leaves to his wife, Annie, the
house on Fifty-sixth street for life and the
"income from a fund of $400,000. Louise and
Elizabeth Rée- and Cecilia Faile, nieces,
have legacies of $10,000 each, and a trust
fund of $75,000 is created for a grand-
' daughter, Annie Celestine God@ard, The
feailuary estate goes to the children, Joseph
J. Larocque of Bernardsville, Louis La-
rocque and Adele Lorocque Vhomas, and
bk. Tinker, and to the grandchildren
| of the testator. A codioil directs that the share
| of his on Louis be turned over to the Morton
' Trust Company, the income to be paid to
| Louis for life and the principal to go to his
| children.

| FIREMEN HURT BY EXPLOSION,

| One Cut by Flying Glass, the Other Made
{ Unconscious at a Small Fire.

 

 

 

| William Craft of Engine 20, in Chamber?
atreet, wae out by flying glass and James.
O'Connor of the same company was made

11 o'clock last night on the top floor of

+++NEW YORK, THU
|CONEY ISLAND HOTELS BURN

the

ae a ee . ‘
———=- 6

 

 

CLAYTON'S .AND VANDERVEER'S
ARE DESTROYED.

The Wind Had Died Down and the Flames

Were Kept From Spreading Further

DAY, JULY 9, 1908.

— Copyright, 1908,

EARL OF CLANCARTY TO WED.

 

Wealthy New York Widow to Be Belle Bile
ton’s Successor, London Hears.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
Lonpon, July 8.—It is stated that the

 
 

THURSDAY, JOLY 0, 1908.
Fair to-day; showers to-morrow; northerly —
winds, becoming varishle,

 

—

by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aesoctation,

Earl of Clancarty and a wealthy widow

of New York are betrothed.
It will be recalled that the Earl's first

—High Pressure Mains Helped—Culver | wife was Belle Bilton, a performer in the
Terminal Saved-—-Ne Lives Are Lost. | music halld. She died nearly two years ago.

Shortly after 1 o'clock this morning fire
started under the porch of Clayton’s Pabst
Loop Hotel on Surf avenue near West Fifth
street, Coney Island, and before an alarm
was tapped in the flames spread through
the upper part of the frame building and
within a few minutes the structure was
doomed,

The fire swept to the south and com-
municated to Vanderveer’s Hotel, and in a
few minutes that building was going. Three
alarms were sent in and Deputy Chief
Lally summoned all the fire apparatus on
the island and from the nearby resorts.

It is believed that somebody threw a
lighted cigarette under the porch of Clay-
ton’s Hotel. The flames spread to the roof
of the porch and before employees who
were preparing to leave for the night dis-
covered the smoke and fire the front of the
building was going pretty lively.

There were half a hundred guests and
a hundred or more patrons drinking on
the main floor when the alarm was given.
There was considerable confusion and
excitement but everybody, it is believed,
got out in safety.

The wind, which had been heavy all
night, died down to a little southeast zephyr
about midnight, so that the flames instead
of being carried to adjoining buildings and
across the street went almost directly into
the air.

At the start it was seen that the Culver
station, which is only a few feet from the
Pabst Loop Hotel, was in danger and a
hundréd or more employees got out a hose
and worked heroically to save it. At 2
o'clock the station was thoroughly wetted
down and it looked as if it would be saved

This station, whichis the terminal of al |
the trolley lines from Williamsburg and
from other points in Brooklyn, the Brighton
Beach and Culver elevated lines, was
emptied of cars soon after the fire started.

None of the cars of the Coney Island
and Brooklyn company’s lines, the tracks
of which circle Clayton's Hotel,’was de-
atroyed. Tho trolley wires came down
soon after the blaze started and the Smith
street, De Kalb avenue and Franklin avenue
cars had to go out of business.

Deputy Chief Lally sent in a fourth alarm,
calling engines and trucks miles away.
The flames shot high in the air and showers
of sparks and blazing brands were gcattered
over the frame buildings along Surf avenue.

The high pressure water mains proved
most effective and soon the firemen had
twenty streams playing on the two hotels.

A number of guests and employees were
asleep in the upper part of Clayton's Hotel
when the fire started, and several were
hemmed in by the flame and smoke,

When Truck 44 rolled up the lieutenant
was told that a dozen or more persons had
been left in the burning building and that
there was no way of escape.

The firemen went to the rear and raised
a ladder, and climbing in through the win-
dows on the second and third floors, found
several employees and guests. ‘They were
carried down the ladder.

The fire did not get across Surf avenue.

—

CENTRAL AMERICA SEETHING,

Honduras Revolt Causes Nicaragua to Pre.
pare for War—WPeace Plans Collapse.

WasHINGTON, July 8—In spite of the
persistent efforts of the United States and
Mexico to promote cordial and friendly
relations hetween the Central American
republics political disorders have again
broken out there and they threaten to
nullify all the efforts of Presidents Roose-
velt and Diaz to maintain peace in Central
America. The work of the Central Ameri-
ean peace conference held in Washington
last fall under the auspices of Secretary of
State Root and Enrique C. Creel, Mexican
Ambassador to the United States, to pro-
vide means for a peaceful settlement of
international disputes, has, it is feared
heré> been a failure

A state of political unrest is prevalent
over practically all Central America, and
each republic is anxiously watching its
neighbors for a pretext for starting war.
The revolution against the republio of
Honduras headed py former President
Manuel Bonilla of Honduras has developed
all the old international animosities which
existed before the peace conference last
year. President Davila of Honduras is
making preparations to fight the band of
revolutionists who have already taken the
town of Gracias and are advancing upon
Choluteca. The Honduran Government ap-
parently fears that the insurrectionists will
endeayor to capture Amapala, its only
port on the Pacific. ¢

Acoording to a despatch received at the
State Department to-day, President Zelaya
of Nicaragua is making warlike prepara-
tions to render assistance to Honduras,
An army is being recruited and machine
gun platoons equipped. The action of
President Zelaya is regarded by offidials
of the State Department as hasty, in view
of the fact that his country has not been
threatened.

REALTY MAN SHOOTS HIMSELF.

 

} unconscious by an explosion shortly before | Alexander Had Gone From New York to
|

Sobiaite Typewriter
| West Broadway.

|
| He ordered the crew of Engine 29 ta the
fifth floor to find the fire. They went up

entering were driven back by the explo-

sion.

| Craft and O’Connor were carried to the
street and attended by Dr. Laurin of Hud-
son + street hospital. Neither was b
burt. The fire was quickly extingu’
Chief Croker ‘said th

what caused the explosion.

 

Ribbon Manufaotur- |
g Company building, at Reade street and |
A fire started in the place and Chief

Croker hurried down on the first alarm, |

1 to do real estate broker, had fired two

the fire escape, but a few minutes after

 

Ithed.
e damage would be
about $1,000, He waa not able to find out

Maine to Visit His Wife's Grave,
Word was received yesterday at the
Real Estate Board of Brokers, 158 Broadway,
that Richard Alexander, treasurer and one
of the governors of the board and a well

shots into his head at Dover, Me., where
he has been spending the last two weeks
with relatives. It was learned later that
while the wounds were serious Mr, Alex-
ander is likely to recover.
Mr. Alexander's wite died two years ago
d since that time he had lost much o
former hustling spirit, Last year he
t the anniversary of his wife's death
at her grave at Dover.

He ha

to be there for the anniv: t
but was obliged to plan for a trip
in in August, and

home 5
to J t
eurering trom sour” ™e

\

d expected
his August
to hie old

~

 

 

AMBULANCE FOR R&R. T. WILSON.

Takes Him to Cornelius Vanderbilt's Yacht,
Which Starts for Newport.

Richard T, Wilson, father of Mre. Cor-
nelius Vanderbilt, Mrs. Ogden Goelet and
Lady Herbert, was taken yesterday after-
noon in an ambulance from his home at
611 Fifth avenue to the East River anchor-
age of the New York Yacht Club. Mr,
Wilson was then taken aboard: Cornelius
Vanderbilt's yacht, the North Star, which
sailed for Newport soon after.

Dr. Austin Flint, Jr., accompanied Mr.
Wilson. Dr. Flint, had made arrange-
ments with Robert T. Hebberd, Commis-
sioner of Charities, to have the use of the
new automobile ambulance of the Kings
County Hospital, Brooklyn, said one
of the finest conveyances of its kin ever
built. Commissioner Hebberd had the
vehicle brought to Manhattan on Tuesaday,
but the day was too hot and the transfer
was postponed until yesterday. Mr. Heb-
berd looked after the arrangements and
rode with Mr. Wilson from the house to the
landing stage.

Mr, Wilson has been suffering from heart
attacks for the last three months.. He
has been in poor health since the death
of Mrs. Wilson, Mrs. Vanderbilt, Mra.
Goelet and Lady Herbert went on the North
Star with their father.

KILLED CHILD FOR HER HEART.

Outbreak of Voodooism Stirs Up Blacks
and Whites In Matanzas, Cuba.
Special Cable Despatch to TuB Sun,

Havana, July 8.—A serious situation
exists at AlaPanes, in the Province of
Matanzas, where recently the whole com-
munity was stirred up by the murder of a
little girl by practicers of witchcraft who
wished to secure her heart.

Several negroes were arrested on suspicion
of being implicated in the crime. Lately
three negroes were taken into custody
because they sang couplets about the dead
girl in front of her parents’ home. Their
action caused the mother of the girl to have
a fit.

Friends of the negroes declared that the
Judge before whom they were to be tried
would not dare to convict them, whereupon
sixty white men surrounded the court room
for the purpose of protecting the Judge
when he gave his decision, which con-
demnea the negroes to thirty days im-
prisonment.

Posses are scouring the country to find
the remains of the murdered child.

SOCIALIST WOMEN JAILED.

Mrs, Cloudlesley John¢ and Three Others,
Spoke in Street in Los Angeles.

Los:ANGELES, Cal., July 8.—Mrs. Cloud-
lesley Johns, wife of an author who is an
associate of Jack London, and widow of
Count von Piontkowski of Russia, is a
prisoner in the city jail with three other
women on a charge of speaking on the
street without permission.

Mrs. Johns with Mrs. Alice Holloway,
Mrs. Bertha Dailey and Mrs. M. B. Bacon,
all Socialists and wives’ of business men,
have refused offers of bail and declare
they will stay in jail until tried, They
say their constitutional rights are being
infringed upon.

The arrests are an incident of a fight
being made by Socialists for permission to
speak on the streets. Thirty-five men
have been arrested and some are in the
city chain gang. The women went before
the police board yesterday and asked per+
mission to speak. This was refused and
last night they spoke to 2,000.

Mrs. Johns, the first woman arrested,
was taken to the Central station and held
in $300 bail. She insisted on going to jail.
The four women passed the night in cells.

 

GOULD VS. GOULD GOES BY,
Motion In Mrs, Frank Gould's Divorce
. Sult Apparently Dropped,

A motion entitled “Gould vs. Gould” was
on the calendar yeste*day in Special Term,
Part I., of the Supreme Court, before
Justice Erlanger. When it was called by
Clifford Boese, clerk of the court, no one
answered, so it was marked off the calendar,

An examination of the note of issue filed
with the calendar clerk showed that it was
a motion for an order to show cause in the
suit for divorce begun against Frank’ J.
Gould by his wife sumo weeks ago. Nicoll,
Anable & Lindsay appear as counsel for
Mrs. Gould on the note of issue, while Stet-
son, Jennings & Russel! are Mr, Gould's
attorneys. Inquiry at the offices of both
firins elicited no definite explanation of
what the motion was for or why it was
not answered when called. It was said,
however, by one of the clerks in the Niooll,
Anable & Lindsay’ office that the motion
related to the proposed examination of
witnesses outside the State hy commission,

The fact that the motion was not answered
when called led to a rumor that the divorce
suit was to be dropped.

 

MUST REINSTATE ATTORNEYS.

Sec'y Garfield Required to Give Bond for
682,000 if He Desires to Appeal,

WASHINGTON, July 8.—Justice Wright of
the Supreme Court of the District of Colum-
bia having decided that the disbarment
by Secretary of the Interior Garfield of a
number of patent and pension attorneys
was unconstitutional ordered their rein-
statment to-day and required the Secretary
to give his personal bond for $82,000 if he
desired to prosecute an ap The at-
torneys were disbarred by Mr. Garfield

ract cally. without a hearing, and they
fad pending at the time more than a hun-
dred thousand cases.

The Secretary charged that the attorneys
in prosecuting claims for bounty Jands
only did so for the pusnoes of establishing
title and then negotiating with the holder
of the title for Me pyran,

Assistant District Attorney McNamara,
who appeared for the Tener? SOcny,
protested against the order requiring him
to give bond, saying that the rey statutes
provided that Government officials were
exempt from giving bonds on a 5,
Justice Wright in overruling Mr. McNa-
mara’s motion said that the writ of man-
damus was nee act and did not apply
to the office but to the individual.

Reacretary Garfield at present is en route
from San Francisco to Poriiand, Ore.,
beving Just returned from the adian
Islan: ~

pen cn te ee
SL REEL een,

|
|
j
i
j

|
|

|
|

——<——_ —__ —_ —— ———

BRYAN CHEERED
FOR 87 MINUTES

Uta ates

Denver Convention Devote
One Whole Session to
Noise Making,

ROOSEVELT RECORD BEATEN

New York, New Jersey and Other
Opposition Delegations Sit
Siient Through It.

“

 

®

Chairman Conners Resists Efforts of West-
ern Enthusiasts to Uproot Empire
State Standard and Draw Delegation
Into the Parade—Bryan Lithographs
Tacked to Pictures of Washington and
Cleveland—Women Take Strenuous Part
in the Great Noltse—‘Hall, Hall, the
Gang’s on Deck,'’’ Bryan Democracy’s
New Anthem — Many Southerners
Sing “Marching Through Georgia.’’

DeEnveER, July 8.—To-day’s seasion of the
Democratio national convention was given
up almost entirely to a demonstration for
Bryan.

The committee on credentials had been

up all night, as had the committee on plat-
form.
Tired, tousled, utterly played out but
still compelled to keep on, the members
of the two committees were frazzled and
flustered.

Not so the great audience which filled
the convention hall by noon, the time set
for Temporary Chairman Bell to open the
second day's sessian. ’

The convention hall was packed from
floor to dome. The crowd was not aware
that the committee on credentials could not
report and that the committee on platform
might not be heard until to-morrow. The
audience was buoyant, full of ginger and
enthusiastio, and that cowboy band up
in the loft was just as picturesque, just
as full of melody and just as eager to pour
it out as it was yeaterday.

Phe flowers and ferns had been freshened,
the palms and plants were even a brighter
green, the eagles swayed in the gentle
breeze—the eagles suspended from the
roof by wire--the bunting and flag adorn-
ments were crisp and everything was of a
holiday order.

Temporary Chairman Bell knew that
nothing could be done until the committee on
credentials brought in ita report

BOOSTING MEN FOR PLACE.

Scatteredthroughout the auditorium were
cards reading, “Why not nominate a ticket
that will win? For President, William J.
Bryan; for Vice-President, John Mitchell.
Mitchell can carry the solid labor vote.”

Just as plentifully distributed were other
cards reading, “The South furnishes the
votes. Why not one of the candidates?
Clark Howell for Vice-President.”

But it was known that Representative
John Sharp Williams and other Southern
Democratic Congressmen were working to
bring in Represéntative Francis Burton
Harrison of New York as the candidate,
for Vice-President. In other words a
coterie of Southern Congressmen were
attempting to do for Harrison what the
combination of Republican Congressmen
at Chicago did for Representative James
8. Sherman,

This session of the convention was late
getting under way. The delegates were
gabbling over the attitude of the committee
on credentials against Col, James M. Guffey,
the cowboy band was flooding the hall |
with its melodious strains, but all were
aware that the real business of the day
would be slim, =

A PRAYER TO THE POINT.

The Rev. Christian F, Reisoner of Denver
was chaplain for the day. The clergyman
in his prayer said in part;

“May we keep ou: heads clear, our hearts
warm and our hands strong for the help
of man. Equip us to be good citizens,
Make us brave and industrious. Shame
us from whimpering and whining, Save
us from cringing or dodging. Face us
squarely before every issue until it is solved
just right, Keep us from deceit and false-
hood. Fit us, if necessary, to fight stiMy
and hopefully for the square thing. May
defeat with the right and the blood marked
brow be more desirable than victory with
wrong and a jewelled crown of power,”

There was very much more of the same

tenor, and when the clergyman finished the
great audience, which seemed to be in pe-

culiarly good spirits, cheered him to the |
echo, Only on a few occasions in many .

years has a clergyman's prayer been so
cheered as was that of Dr. Reisoner to-day.
Then there was a lull, The Democrats
who think they still have a chance to defeat
Bryan's nomination had a confab in the
hall. The Bryanites swapped yarns to
the effect that they did not care a peanut
for the East anyhow, and that the Bryan
game was to get the middle Western and
Western States and: that the chief issues
were more appropriations for irrigation
and the appointment of a Cabinet officer
to develop the mining properties in these

regions.
NEGRO BOYS ATTEND.
To-day there were three negro in
the convention. One was Ernest Wash-
ington, son of Booker T., and two comrades

to whom Chairman eee had given
tickets for all the | Chairman
WES Ae ate Shee

Taggart had done this at the request of
Booker T. Washington through a friend
and Mr. Taggart’s act was remarked.for its
| sraciousness,
\ Nothing in the regular order of business
{being on haad, Temporary Chairman
| Bell wait that the marching clubs with
| their bands rnight parade through the
hall, The Milwaukee roller olubs with
i their bands tuok advantage of the an-
; nouncesvens ani then Senator Thomas
| F. Grady et New York, chairman of the
| rules coos:./ttee, aade his report. William
\ H. Martin of Aransas offered a resolution
' {ou memory of the \ate Janes K. Jones, chair-
! man of tho Democratic national committee
in Bryan's two canpaigns of 1806 and 1900,
and the convention adypted them with a
rising vote, ufter whioh Mr. Martin paid
a tribute to the late Senator Jones.
' The Jane Jefferson Deimvoratio Club
| announced open house for all women visitors
to this convention. Chairman Bell rapped
for order and made this announceinent:
“John 3, Whalen of New York is wanted
at the long distance telephone at once by
Gov. Hughes.” (Great iaughter.] Chair-
man Bell, when the laughter died away,
said: “This is no laughing matter. This
communication says that it is one on busi-
ness of state and it is an indication that all
Democrats are already getting togéther.”
The Michiganders, according to Bell,
had lost their Bible and they wanted it
returned, whereupon there was inore
laughter.
~ © NoT RZADY TO ADJOURN

Representative Ollie James of Kentuoky
then announced that inasmuch as the com-
mittee on credentials would not be ready
to report the convention should adjourn
until 8 o’clock this evening This met
with protest and a thunderous chorus of
noes, There was disorder all around
and Chairman Bell ordered tho band to
play. When quiet came he put James’s
resolution and it was beaten. Bell said
that he was in doubt over the vote and
asked for another expression. This time
the noes clearly had it,

An effort was made to met Senator Bob
Taylor of Tennessee to make a speech, but
he was out of the hall There were then
cries for Gov. Folk and Senator Gore, and
yet Chairman Bell said that the convention
would hear Charlies A. Towne. Towne
was not around and so Senator Gore of
Oklahoma was brought forth. He is totally
blind and was led to the platform by C J.
Hefner of Seattle

Senator Gore got a great greeting from
the convention. He began by saying: “I
am authorized to announce that the Mich-
igan Bible which is reported lost will be
found in the den of the Tammany Tiger
I saw {it there on exhibition as a curiosity,”
[Laughter.]

“Oklahoma,” eaid Senator Gore, “rejoices
to make her début and have her coming
out under circumstances so auspicious.
Oklahoma rejoices in putting on a long
dress and eating at the first table with
the grown folks. Confidentially, Oklahoma
would rather be inside looking out than
outside looking if.”

This sally was greeted with much laughter
and prolonged cheering.

“Now if therels anybody here who does
not know anything ask Oklahoma and she
will tell you. Oklahoma brings greetings and
good cheer to her older sisters in this great
nation. I come to you, my fellow Demo-
crata, not only from the youngest State
but I come to you from the most Demo-
ctatic State in the Union,

“I come to you from a State where Democ-
racy is a fact and not a figure of speech. I
come to you from a State where the prin-
ciples of Jeffersonian Democracy have been
writton into the law of the land.

“It is true that the President of the United
States said that in his opinion our Con-
stitution would not be fit for publication.
That is true of a great many opinions of
our President.”

The wild how] which followed this threw
the convention into an uproar from which
it did not recover for several minutes.

“The great Secretary of War came to
Aokia and told us to do what the Anglo-
Saxon people have never done—refuse an
opportunity for self-government. But the
greatest apostle of liberty came to Oklahoma
and advised us to seoure for ourselves and
our people this boon of self-government.”

Senator Gore paused for a few seconds
and swept the great audience with his sight-
leas eyes.

“And by a majority of over 100,000 Okla-
homa rejected the advice of Taft and ac-
cepted the advice of Bryan.”

BRYAN DEMONSTRATION BEGINS,

Gore could get no further. He did not
intend that he should. His utterance was
the keynote for the demonstration of the
day. Up on their feet were the delegates,
roaring and cheering and howling and
shrieking “Bryan, Bryan, Bryan.” The
cowboy band sweetly and loudly came in
with “My Country, 'Tis of Thee.” The
shrieks and yells, whistles and cries made
a din of prodigious proportions. :

Norman E, Mack, Bird 8. Coler, Frederick
A. Schraub and Charles A, Burke of the New
York delegation joined the howling mob.
The Bryan Volunteers of Lincoln marched
into the hall with their banner and waved
and waved and waved. Théy dashed to
the platform, and in doing so jabbed the
pole of the banner into one of the sus-
pended eagles, carrying the eagle along
with it to the platform, where it was
seized by Sergeant at Arms John L
Martin, who with his tremendous bulk
swung it at the audience and roared all
sorts of injunctions to keep up the pande-
monium /

The band switched to “Dixie” and the
women in the gallery and Mayor Jim
Dahlman's “short hairs” from Omaha
began waving and twisting and twirling
red, white and blue sunshades.

PARADE OF THE BTANDAPS,

The electric lights were turned on full
and amid the white glare Oklahoma, down
on the floor of the convention, started
the parade of the standards. The tumult
was cyolonic. Iowa jumped in behind
Oklahoma and then followed Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Indiana, Kentucky, Illinois,
Massachusetts, Missouri, Obio, Alabama,
Mississippi, Wyoming, Tennessee, Alaska,
Arkansas, Maine, Kansas, Montana, Florida,
Nevada, South Dakota, District of Columbia,
Washington, Texas, Idaho, Vermont, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Wisconsin, West
Virginia,. Virginia, Rhode Island, New
Hampshire, Louisiana, California, Utah,
Colorado, Arizona and Oregon.

The bearers of the standards were fol-
lowed by their delegations, and they
marched to the platform and massed
their standards, the band coming out with
“Marghing Through Georgia” and switching
to “Auld Eang * Then, high above

cat cine ak te tlaaioon te

a

ee
a aS ee
a a

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

What the hell do we care;
hell do we care!” This chorus
and pealed and thundered and swelled as
roared over that audience of 10,000 people,
With the pandemonium swirling
rioting and echoing, the men from
York, Delaware, Connecticut, Georgia, New
— or eat grim and ailent.
ted instances In these
delegations of approval, but the vast
majority of these delegations took no
part in the demonstrations, Implored to _
do so, importuned by shrieking delegates
to join in the outburst, they shook thelr
heads and sat as if nailed to their seata.

, NEW YORK STANDS FIRM,

The Texas and Pennsylvania standard
bearers made an onslaught on the New
York standard, beneath which sat Chairman
William J, Conners of the Demoocratio State
committee and ex-Mayor William B, Kirk
of Syracuse. Conners and Kirk withstood
the assault, protected the New York stand-
ard, and the Texas and Pennsylvania men
returned to the platform.

Then came the march of the standards
around the hall, amid the waving of hun-
dreds of banners—blue, white, pink, yellow,
crimson, all telling of the glories of Bryan
what he had done and what he was to do—
the band accompanying with all sorts of
melodies, the frantic scene. ~ :

Then came the rebel yéll, high, piercing
and shrill, and it was heard in chorus even
above the mighty shouting. The cowboys
came in with “There'll be a Hot Time in
the Old Town To-night!” and switched to
“My Country, 'Tia of Thee,” and then rack- ©
eted back to “Hail, hail, the gang’s on
deck! What the hell do we care; what the
hell do we care!”

Nearly all of the 10,000 in the hall joined
the singing, and nobody enjoyed the scene
better than Mrs. Nicholas Longworth and
Mrs. Ruth Bryan Leavitt from their boxes.
Senator Julius Cesar Burrows in the Long-
worth box grinned broadly.

WOMEN JOIN THE PARADE,

Mrs. Hayward, the Utah delegate, and
Mrs. Bradford, the Colorado delegata at
large, both dressed in white and of ample
form and stout arm, joined the paradera
and-sang as loudly as any man delegata,
The tiny guns of the, flashlight camera
brigade weroincessantly banging. Around
the hall trudged the standard bearera and
the thousands in their wake.

The New Yorkers and the other delegates
mentioned above stood the scene unflinch-
ingly. They were taunted with howls and
jeers and shrieks, but they only grinned
in return.

Indiana began to send up a shout “Down
with the trusts! Down with the trusts!”
and then came the roaring chorus again of
“Hail, hail; the gang’s on deck! What the
hell do we care; what the hell do we care!”
Perhaps one is too delicate in thinking
that these words scarcely fitted the dainty
mouths of the women who joined in singing
the lines,

The Bryan Volunteers of Lincoln then
marched the standard bearers up into the
gallery. As they swung by Mrs. Long-
worth’s box Senator Burrows was laughing
heartily. As the paraders jostled by the
box occupied by Mrs. Ruth Bryan Leavitt
they took up “Auld Lang Syne” and fol-
lowed it with “My Old Kentucky Home.”
The objective point of the Bryan Volun-
teers was the great painting of George
Washington. Tumbling and stumbling they
reached the painting and tacked for a
moment the picture of Bryan beneath it,
From that vantage point they could look
over the great audience, and they sang
and shouted and cheered and yelled, the
band coming in again with “Hail, hail,
the gapg’s on deck; what the hell do we
care, what the hell do we care.”

Chairman Bell and Senator Gore were
laughing upon the platform. Not an effort
had been made to quell the demonstration.
Every time there was an indication that
the racketing was to cease the band would
come in with high and mighty strains Uke
“The Red, White and Blue” and “Marching
Through Georgia,” and from that time
on the song writton to mark Gen. Sherman's
devastation of the Southern States was
played a dozen times, and even the South
erners, who hated Gen. Sherman like poison,
took up the refrain and joined in the chorus
just as heartily as any others.

ANTIS BIT FIRM

New York, New Jersey, Connecticut,
Maryland, Georgia and Minnesota remained
stolidly silent. You could not get a whisper
from them.

Mayor Jim Dahlman's “Short Hairs"
from Omaha, like so many loosened cow-
boys on @ spree, ranged in among the New
Yorkers and other delegations who refused
to take part in the uproar for Bryan.

From the galleries the paraders returned
to the platform and Sergeant-at-Arms John
1. Martin by that time had got an Ameri-
can flag, which he swayed and swayed.
The band played “America” and 10,000
joined in the national anthem.

There was a lull for a second and the
band played “Tammany,” and Charles F,
Murphy, J. S. Cram, Lewis Nixon, Senator
Grady and Daniel F. Cohalan smiled, but
nothing more. ‘ihe march of the standard
bearers then took them to the band loft
over which hung the picture of Grover
Cleyeland draped in mourning. As they
tacked Bryan's banner to George Wash-
ington’s so they now tacked Bryan’s banner
to Cleveland's picture. After remaining
there five minutes singing and shouting
and howling the paraders, headed by the
cowboy band, started baok to the platform,
This demonstration had now lasted forty-
one minutes, but there had been no effort
whatever to check it. Up to this time it
was the legitimate convention demonstra-
tion, but from that time on it was nothing
but an orgie of yells, whistles, catcalls
howls, shrieks, yawpings and anything
with noise in it.

WOMEN IN THE TABLEAU,

With the standards waving, the banners
floating, Colorado reached the platform
first, and Mrs, Bradford, supported bs
Temporary Chairman Bell, held aloft Colo-
rado's standard amid the braying of the
band. Mrs. Bradford had beside her Miss
Evelyn and Miss Fannie Hayward, nieces
of John Iv Martin; Juila Wads of Lows,
and Little Evelyn Johngon of Sout), Da-
kota,allswaying banners and palm bra, thes
and singing with the band and the deiega-
tien “There Will Bea Hot Time in the Old
Town To-night,”

The cowboy band then marched to the
platform at the head of the delegations
and seizing some of the big stuffed eagles
they swayedand shook them as they dropped
their instruments and sombreros and sang
“Marching Through Georgia.” The de
monstration had now lasted fifty minutes,
But the tumult of shrieks and the waving

cf