- ——--- ——————

0, 183

 

VOL, LXVIL—N

 

Boers Abandon the Siege
aud Buller Arrives.

THE CITY'S DISTRESS

Found Living on Short Rations of
Meal and Horsemeat,

ALL ENGLAND REJOICING.

Londoy Shows an Enthusiasm Never
Before Aroused by Victory.

Crowds Parade the Streets for Hours,
Cheering for the Queen, Roberts, Buller
and White and Singing Patriotic Songs
—No Details Received of the Boer Re-
tirement—Besteged Garrison ina Critical
Condition and Relief Arrives Just in
Time—London Press Jubilant Over the
Victory, but Warns the Public That More
Fighting Is to Come—Government An-
nounces That Over 55,000 Re-enforce-
ments Will Be Sent Out in the Next Two
Months Despite the Recent Victortes
~General Praise for Buller’s Determined
Attacks in Spite of Repeated Failures.

Special Cable Despatch (o THE Sum,
Lonpon, Mareh 1.—Gen. Buller sent the
following message to the of

Lansdowne, Secretary of State for War,

Marquis

this morning:

“Lyrrenton’s Camp, March 1, 9:05 A, M.
~—Dundonald with Natal carabineers and
composite regiments entered Ladysmith
last night. The country between me and
Ladysmith is reported clear of the enemy.
Iam moving on Nelthorpe.”

Later this despatch was recelved:

“NevrHorre, March 1, 5:20 P, M.--I have
just returned from Ladysmith, Except for
aswall rear guard north of Surprise Hill
the whole of the enemy that has lately been
besieging Ladysmith has retired in hot
haste, and to the south of the town the
country is quite clear of them.

“The garrison were on half a pound of
meat a day and were supplementing thelr
meat rations by horses and mules.

“The men will want a little nursing
before they are fit ror the fleld.”

In the House of Commons Mr. Balfour,
in reading Gen, Buller's despatch, satd It
should read ‘‘were on half a pound of meal
a day,” instead of meat, and that they were
“supplementing the meal rations with
horses and mules.”

None of the newspapera has yet re-
@ived news from Natal supplementing
Gen, Buller’s despatches to the War Office.

 

ENGLAND WILD WITH JOY.

 

All London Gathers In the Streets to Shout
and Sing and Cheer,
Special Cable Despatches to Tux Sum.

Lonpoy, March 1.—Ladysmith has been
relieved, Little isknown as this despatch
{a written beyond that bare fact, but the
news has transformed the nation,

It is difficult to believe that the England
of to-day is tho England of yesterday and
the past five gloomy months, THE Sun
correspondent is writing amid a great
chorus of mingled cheers, song and shoute
of exultation, a chorus which has yeag lit-
erally unbroken for six hours,

The spontaneous outburst of public emo-
tion, not only In London, but throughout
Great Britain to-night, is really more re-
markable than the military event which
called itforth, Nearly ten thousand Eng-
lishmen have been beleaguered for four
long months. They were frequently at-
tacked and were constantly in peril and
they were in such great privation that lat-
terly they subsisted on half a pound of
meal and a bit of horseflesh daily. That is
the iron which has been rankling In the
soul of the British nation no one knew
how deeply until to-night.

Three days ago came the ews of the first
great success of the British arms in South
Africa and the surrender of a large force of
theenemy. England was unmoved go far
as any outward manifestation of feeling
went.

This was not the thing on which the heart
of the nation was set.
feats in Natal, disaster succeeding disaster,

Those bloody de-

have wounded British pride as it never suf-
fered before in this generation, and the
dearest wish of every Englishman for
weeks past has been to retrieve the British
fortunes and rescu@Gen, White's army.
Now that this has come to pass, it has
brought with it almost a miracle in Eng-
lish human nature. None now living has
ever witnessed such scenes as are passing
in London at the present moment. Those

 

 

 

who have a clear memory of London after
the Crimean victories say there was noth-
ing like it then.

Early in the day all England hung out
flags or the national colors in one form
or another, Joy bells rang from all the
church towers, cannon were flred aboard
ships and at the arsenals, and all the street
bands played “God Save the Queen” and
“Rule Britannia.” At dusk many private
houses were {]luminated.

But all this was insufficient. It was no
escape valve for the tremendous tension
in every man's breast. By common im-
pulse all London rushed into the streets
and began to shout, and it was the
mightiest shout that ever came from
human throats. All England took it up
and it is ringing yet from Land's End to
John O'Groat’s. The cables already tellus
that it is echoing round the world.

It ia different, sadly and pathetically dif-
ferent, from that last great publio chorus
in London on Jubilee Day, almost threo
years ago, That was light-hearted rejoic-
ing. This exultation is grim, deep chas-
tened, and, in many cases, mingled with
tears,

It needs no keen ear to detect the differ-
ence {n the voice of the multitude, as sing-
ing and cheering it passes the windows of
Tue Sun office hour after hour, from that
of the gay throng which gang many of the
same patriotic songs on that June evening
in celebration of the sixty years’ reign of a
sovereign, who, it is known, has shed many
bitter tears during the dark days of the
past few weeks.

Throughout London, east and west, in
the slums of Whitechapel, in Piccadilly and
in clubland, the same outburst of patriotic
thankfulness is proceeding. Hundreds of
impromptu processions, consisting of from
a hundred to a thousand persons each, are

Che

YORK, FRIDAY, 2. 1900.— COPYRIGHT.

MARCH

 

to Gen, Buller for the steady determina-
tion with which he hammered away at the
breastwork of the stony hills,
behind which the investing force was
entrenched. Tho siege of Ladysmith
will not be an episode in British military
annals which can be looked back upon

serrated

with unalloyed satisfaction, but In
one respect there was no failure.
The British soldiers and _ their

colonial auxiliaries proved worthy of the
best traditions of the army. The stern

consistency with which the garrison
held out against all the de.
pressing influences of the siege was

equalled by the splendid gallantry with
which the relieving column, foiled again
and again, still returned to the assault.

The Standard takes a sanguine view of the
future campaign which, it declares, looks
altogether hopeful, but it doea notthink
that the time has come to relax the efforts
to amply reénforce the Generals.

The Jelegraph says that never since the
delivery of Lucknow has the Empire been

so thrilled to its inmost soul by
splendid pride and = strange pathos
over any event as by the relief

of Ladysmith. England had never known
a more bitter thought than that the
difficulties obstructing its relief might
prove insuperable, as they Were une
paralleled, and that after the
terrible sacrifices on the part of the garrie
son all might lost. But the hour
of change from gloom to. gladness
is as swift as radiant as the
dispersal of the mist by the magic of
morning. The enemy is foiled at every
point, and is broken right, left and centre
upon the first line of war. It is at such
moments that an earnest people lifts its

be

and

soul to God.
The paper heartily congratulates Gen,

passing through the streets, all carrying | Buller, who, it says, has not only achieved

some sort of banners, singing national
airs, cheering when too hoarse to sing,
and now, as midnight approaches, roaring
when no longer able to cheer,

Let it nevermore be sald that the
English are a cold, undemonstrative nation
unable to give expression to their emotion,

ABERDEEN, March 1.—The men in tho
barracks here were madly excited when
they heard that thelr comrades at Lady-
smith—the Second Gordon Highlanders—
had been relieved. The men were dressing
for parade when the news was received,
They rushed out of the barracks half-
dressed and shouted themselves hoarse,

LrverPoot, March 1.—There is great
excitement here over the relief of Lady-
smith. Business was suspended for some
time and the schools closed for the day.

CarE Town, March 1.--The news of the
relief of Ladysmith caused unbounded

enthusiasm here. An immense
crowd gathered around the  Gover-
nor’s house, where they cheered

and sang patriotic sougs, The crowd in-
vaded Parliament House and insisted upon
hoisting the union jack, which now for the
firat time since the war commenced waves
over the legislative chamber.

Dus, March 1.—Tho news of the re-
lief of Ladysmith caused the Trinity Col-
lege studenta to simply become crazy
with enthuslasm. A number of them
attacked the Mansion House, the
official residence of the Lord Mayor and
hauled down the city flag which was

floating over it, A steward who re-
sisted the youths was quite badly
mauled, A_ porter recaptured the

flag, which he managed to retain until the
police arrived, Several of the students
were arrested,

In many towns crowds paraded carrying
effigies of President Kriiger, which inva-
rlably became footballs.

 

FIRST CHAPTER OF THE WAR ENDS,

 

London Press Reminds the People That
More Fighting Is Ahead,

Special Cable Despatch to Tak Sc,

Lonpon, March 2.—The Daily News,
commenting on Gen. Buller’s victory,
says that with the of  Lady-
smith the Boer invasion of thie
British colonies rolled back and
the first chapter of tho war is
It adds that the intense feeling of relief
caused by the good news finds a proper
vent in grateful admiration of all who
are immediately concerned in the victory,
Recognizing the truth of the Marquis of
Lansdowne's apportionment of praise, the
News lauds Gen, Buller's dogged perse-
verance and the imperturbable equanimity
with which, after each failure, he set
himself to try again with undiminished

relief

{s

closed.

cheeriness.

It says that, reading between the lines of
Gen. Buller’s despatch, everybody will see
how very near a thing It was at Ladysmith
and how narrow a margin was left for
resistance, It was only by @ very little
that a terrible, almost
calamity to the British arms was averted
Some perception of all this enters into the

unparalleled,

remarkable, almost delirious, enthusiasm
with which the tidings of the relief have
been received by the empire, The rejoto-
ing is natural and legitimate, but it must
be remembered that the end is not yet.

The paper approves of the sending of
further reénforeements, a5 announced by
the Maroulis of Lansdowne, and urges that
equally energetic measures be taken to
supply horses to the army.

The Standard says that all credit is due

the hardest task ever set for any English
General since the Peninsula struggle, but
has successfully grappled with difficulties
as immense as were ever surmounted in tho
history of war.

The Chronicle says that one salient point
stands out beyond anything else, that

is that the spot so long dominated
by the Boers knows their dom-
{nation no more. That will give
the British cause to rejoice for the mo-
ment, but to-morrow they will betake
themselves again to tho business
of the campaign. There are hard-

ships to be borne and battles to be
won, probably as numerous as any that
have gone before, Still, an impression has
certainly been made upon the enemy's
defence, and the moral effects of Gen,
Roberts's victory and the crowning mercy
at Ladysmith are sure to be at least as
great as their physical effect.

The Graphic declares that the story
of the siege relief of Ladysmith
will rank as a fine page in British
history. Gen. White's firm stand
and Buller’s unquenchable
pluck have shown the world that the Brit-
ish soldier has not fallena whit from the

and

Gen,

glorious traditions which it is his
business to maintain. It adds that
it is perhaps vain to hope

that the triumphs of the last week will
bring in their train speedy peace, but one

of their results is to give the Brit-
ish a much freer hand, and, if
consistently with the interests of

the Empire, that hand can hold out an olive
branch to the misguided Boers, the valor
of the British soldiers wii have produced
its noblest fruit.

The military critic of the Morning Post
with other critics that sub-
happenings have proved that
Gen, Buller’s seizure soon) Majuba
Day of the commanding
positions at Pieter’s was a decisive victory,
which involved the retreat of the invaders,
Ho says it is in no wise uncommon in

concurs
sequent

Boers’

war for the victors not to fully realize
fact or nature of their sue-
{it is made the
enemy's retreat. He reason to
doubt that the chapter of British reverses

either the

eoss until plain by

sees DO

is ended and goes so far as to say that he
would bea bold strategist who could now
offer the Boer leaders a plan of campaign
promising ultimate success,

 

BOER LEGATION DISAPPOINTED,

Sympathizers in Brussels Believe It Is Time
to Sue for Peace,

Special Cabie Despatch to Tum Sun,
Brussets, March 1.—The_ relief
Ladysmith has caused a great sensa-
tion here, The of the
Boers are discouraged and are urging
that the raising of
totally dishearten the
The press appeals to

of
supporters
peace, belleving
the siege
Free State Boers.
England's magnanimity to end the war, §

The Boer Legation, though hoping for
ultimate success, is deeply disappointed by
Dr. Leyds, the diplomatic

will

to-day's news,
representative of the Transvaal, and his
absolutely non-committal
of the
the siege upon future operations,

secretary are
raising of
They
rarely express their opinions since the
and French newspapers have
fabricated interviews with them.

The editor of the Petit Blew is receiving
threatening anonymous letters from
English residents.

regarding the effect

German

 

No Excess Fare
To Cleveland, 8t, Louis or Cincinnati, Luxurious
trains, fasttime, superb service via New York Cen-
tral, Lake Shore, Big Four. Traine illuminated by
Pintech Light,—4de

 

 

HORRORS OF CRONJ K’S CAM P BUERS ACTIVE: ARuUND KOBERTS,

 

 

100,

   

 

WONDER THAT MEN COULD LIVE
TEN DAYS IN SUCH A PLACE,

Stench From the Dead Animals Nauseating
~Food, Cooking Utensils, Clothing and
Ammunition Scattered About the Place
—Supply Wagons Had Been Destroyed,

 

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN,

From Tae Sun's Correspondent With Gen. Roberte’s
Forces,

PAARDEBERG, Feb. 27, via Modder River, Feb.
28, 7:55 bP. M.—A two hours’ inspection of the
Boer Janger to-day was nauseating. It is mar-
vellous how any one cgéuld remain ten days
there among the decomposed horses and the
entrails of cattle and sheep which were being
roasted by the sun,

Tue Sun's correspondent tramped out on.the
veldt and saw some British soldiers removing
the Boer sick on stretchers, The correspond-
ent did not see a aingle wagon intact any-
where, Most of them were half burned. Meal
and potatoes were scattered among old clothes,
trunks and cooking utensils.

There were thousands of rounds of Mauser
and Martini-Henry cartridges, but there was
scarcely any artillery amunition. Only four
Krupp 12-pounders, one Maxim and one Vick-
ers-Maxim were found,

The position south of the river was protected
with remarkable trenches that looked like
split dumpbells. They were banked with
sandbags walst high and the ends were deep
and overhanging.

There were many bags filled with flour,
bread and cartridges. lTrobably not more than
three persons lived in each trench,

The prisoners look more like an irregular
horde than soldiers. There are many gray-
bearded men and many boys among them.
They appear to be weil fed but tired. They
carry arough roll like that used by farm ser-
vants in carrying their effects when they are
changing situations, (ren, Cronje and abouta
dozen others alone looked like men of position,
Even the uniformed Orange Free State artil-
lerists were ragged

All the prisoners accepted their position com-
placently, Gen, Cronje sat silently smoking
under the trees near headquarters, Theothers
were arranged in rows on the veldt according
to their commandos,

About fifty women and children travelled in
their own Cape carts

The Canadian troops had the honor of finish-
ing the work which compelled Gen, Cronje’s
surrender,

The Boer commander knew yesterday morn-
ing that there could be only one possible
result to any sortlea by hismen. He became
convinced that the British cordon could not be
broken from within. After he learned of the
dispersal of the Winburg commando from
Kitchener's Hill, he knew that the cordon was
not likely to be broken from without.

This black outlook became worse during the
day when the fifty British guns kept firing and
the engineers began sapping forward and
building two miles of trenches around the
western boundary of the laager, which point
was held by the Ninth Infantry Division under
Gen. Sir H. F. Colville.

Gen. Smith-Dorrien’s brigade was the one
nearest tothe enemy in front, When darkness
fell they bivouacked in silence,

At 2:40 o'clock this morning they were or-
dered to creep forward silently toward the Boer
trenches. But the Canadians and Gordons
charged forward {or 200 yards under cover of
volleys from the Cornwalls and Shropshires,
The fring of the Cornwalls and Shropshires
enabled the Canadians to entrench themselves
parallel to the Boer trenches. Before dawn
there wasa distance of only thirty yards be-
tween the Canadians and the Boers and the
former were in such a position that they could
enfilade the trenches,

The Boers made a brief but stubborn resist-
ance inthe semi-darkness. Tha only effect
this had wason the British extreme left where
partof the Canadians searcely had time to
erectcover. Daylight showed the Boers how
utterly indefensible their position was,

Neither the British artillery nor the other
infantry divisions fired ashot, for the reason
that the cordon had been so contracted that
there was danger of hitting their owa men,

When the Boers holsted the white flag Col,
Ewert of Gen, Colville’s staff responded and
entered the Jaager. Hw asked the occupants
to pile their arms up and they quietly com.
plied, Then Col. Ewert sent Gen. Cronje’s
mnessage of surrender to Gen. Lord Roberts,

The Boer prisoners have been trekking into
the British camp all morning under escort,
crossing the river at Laager’s Drift,

Of the prisoners taken 2,592 are Transvaal-
ers and 1,327 Free Staters. In the former
number 49 Scandinavians are included, and in
the latter 45 artillerists and 200 sappers,

These Boer officers, besides Gen. Cronje, are
prisoners; Major Albrecht, commander of the
Orange Free State artillery, Commandants M,
J. Wolmarans, W. L. Wooste, J. J. Roos, J.
Martins, R, West and Verster; Field Cornets J,
Snyman, J. H. Vande, J. H. L. Bosman, W. L,
Lemmer and Badenhorst; Adjutants J. 8.
Maree, R. A. Aling and J, A. Botha; War Com-
missioner Arnolds and Acting Field Cornets P,
V. Devilliers and G, J, Duplessis,

Tho biggest commandos that surrendered
were the Potehestroom of 700 men and the
Bloemfontein of 600 men,

Carré Town, Feb, 24, 2:15 P. M.—The Boer
prisoners captured by Lord Roberts include
Commandant Wolmaians, & member of the
Transvaal Exeentive Council, two members of
the Volksrand, and two sons of Herr Fischer, a
memberof the Orange Free State Executive
Couneil, Gen, Cronja and Commandant Wol-
marans are President Kriiger's firmest and
closest supporters. Wolmarans attended the
Bloemfontein conference.

Loxvon, Mare 1.—A news agency despatch
from Paardeberg states that the women and
children in the Boer laager were uninjured,
except one gir, Who was wounded on the tip
ofthe finger. Three British officers and nino
soldiers who were jrisoners in the laager dur-
ing the bombardment were all provided with
deep shelter holes and kindly treated. The
Boers are reported in full force to the south.
west,

Gen. Cronje’s force numbered 4,100 odd,
The food inthe laager was very scaree, and
most of what remained was putrid,

Before the arrival of the guard to remove the
prisoners the laager presented a pitiable sight,
The Boers were lying or sitting in groups,
Their faces were haggard and worn and nearly
all were crying out for a drop of spirits, The
laager had been practically destroyed,

Nearly all the Free Staters spoke English and
their main idea seemed to be thankfulness for
their present deliverance. One of them, shak-
ing his fist in the direction of Gen, Cronje,
said:

“Damn you, you hard man; you deserve to be
shot.”

Several of the prisoners Were youths of 16
and 18,

Thero was 4 strange scene when the prison-

ers crossed the river. It looked more like a
frolic than grim warfare, The prisoners took
their trousers off, and many splashed water on
each other and cracked poace Others with
grim faces looked with disfavor on this careless
merriment,

The Loer rifles that were surrendered were
uninjured,

It seemed {neredible how the Boers lived in
their laager, ‘There Was a@ frightful stench,
and every tan paces the odor from dead horses
mules and cattle polluted the air,

The river, which Was swollen, collected in
every little shallow spot heaps of the bloated
carcasses of animals.

The correspondents at Paardeberg all dilate
on the necessity of sending all the horses pos-
sible to Gen, Roberts, as the mounts suffered
terribly,

 

BY THE SUN PRINTIN

G AND PUBLI

 

Force of 7,000 Said to Have Been Located
East of Paardeberg.
Special Cable Despatch to THE BUN,

Loxpon, Mareh 2.—Nothing has been re-
ceived from (Gen. Roberts's head quarters
later than the evening of Feb. 28, when skir-
mishing was reported east of Puardeberg.
Remington's scouts are stated to have eome
in touch with the Boers, who are estimated
to already number 7,000, with artillery, and the
concentration is continuing. There is also 4
report that Boers aro tothe southwest of Gen,
Roberts, which apparently indicates an at-
tem pt to harrass his communications,

A despatch from Kimberley, dated Feb. 28,
states that parties of Boers are raiding in that
neighborhood. It is stated that they are loot-
ing Klipsdam and other places, Reénforeements
have been sent to Barkly West, where an at-
tack is expected. The Boers are sald to num:
ber 400, with two fleld guns and two Maxims,

The Telegraph's correspondent at Modder
River, ina despatch dated Feb. 28, describes
the arrival there of Gen. Cronje. He says that
the Kaffirs raised cheers, but the troops
made no demonstration. Cronje and his
wife took luneh at the hotel and left in the
afternoon on aspecial train for Cane Town,
the British troops presenting arms, and
the bugles sounding ao General's salute
as Cronje boarded the train. The
captives looked profoundly miserable.

There is no news from the Colesherg and
Stormberg districta exeept that contained

in Gen. Roberts’s despatch, nor is
thera any confirmation of the report
of Gen. Kitchener's presence south of

SHING ASSOCIATION,

peeatieet. tts Cieeban ail

, ?
tle

Fair and colver tc-day; northwesterly winds

&

CRONIE

LOST ONL. 3) KILLED?

 

Boer Admit That Nomber and That More
Than 200 Were Wounded,
Apectal Cable Despateh to Tar Sus
Lonnon, March 2
ard’s correspondent at Paardeberg the Boors
admit a loss of fifty killed throughout Com-
More than two

According to the Sfand-

mandant Cronje’s resistance.
hundred wounded Boers were found.

POPE'S WISH FOR PEACE,

When Told of Relief of Ladyamith He
Expressed Hope for the End,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur SUN,
Lonpow, March 2,—The Rome correspondent
ofthe Daily News saya that when the Pope was
informed of the relief of Ladysmith he ex-
claimed:
“May this bo the beginning of the end.”

 

VICTORY CAUSES RIOT IN MONTREAL,

English Students Attack the French-Cana-
dian University.

MonTREAL, Quebec, March 1.—There was a
riot in Montreal toenight as a result of the
trouble between the Irench and English sec-
tions over the Boor War, The MeGill Univer-

sity students celebrated the rellef of
Ladysmith to-day by parading the
streets, singing patriotic songs, They

marched to the offleers of the French-Ca-
nadian newspapers and demanded that the
British flag be raised, Bome windows were

there, but itis thought that he has probably | broken, but the police scattered the crowd be-

gone to bring together Gen. Gatacre’s and Gen,
Clements's forces for a combined movement
northward,

 

OUTWITTED BY ROBERTS,

Bloemfontein Paper's Account of the Re-
lief of Kimberley.
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Bun.

Capr Town, March 1.—The Bloenfontein
Daily Erpress, {nits issue of Feb, 22, printed
an article on the relief of Kimberley, in which
it admits that the Boers were completely out-
manceuvred by Gen, Roberts, It says that the
federal forces always expected another attack
on their position at Magersfontein.,

The mobility of the British astonished the
Boers, particularly the work of the Lancers,
whoraced through every opposition tn their
daring advance, It is believed that traitors
guided the British to Jacobsdal, When Gen,
Cronje broke his laager at Mawersfontein
many womenand children had to walk, owing
to the scarcity of wagons. The paper de-
scribes tho bombardment of Koodoes Rand as
awful, and the burghers’ sufferings as horrible,

It adds that the death of Commandant Fer-
riera of the Free State Army in Natal on Feb, 18
depressed hismen. He was killed by the acel-
dental bursting of his own rifle. He was very
popular and is much lamented in the Free
State

The article concludes: “It is unfortunately
true that the Free State Army is now scat-
tered, but every burgher is confident that
when the commandos are reorganized they
will be able to hold their own until victory
crowns their arms, as it will surely do,”

 

70 SEND OFER 55,000 MORE MEN,

 

War Secretary Says Recent Victories Will
Not Change the Government's Plans.
Spreial Cable Des; atch to THE Svs,

Lonpox, March 1.—In the House of Lords
to-day the Marquis of Lansdowne, Secretary
of Statefor War, said that tho news of the re-
Hef of Ladysmith had been received with the
greatest satisfactio’, Hedid not know whether
the larger proportion of the credit for this
achievement should be given to Gen, White's
foree, which had held out with such econspicus
ous determination for weeks and months, or to
the troops under Gen. Buller who, in the face of
physical diMeulties of the greatest magnitude,
had succeeded in their task; or, last but not
least, to the commanider-in-chief,whose splen-
did military instincts had relieved the pressure
in Natal

The Government's efforts, the War Secretary
declared, would not be relaxed and between
now and Apri! 1, 38,817 additional troops
would be sent tothe Cape. He also stated that
17,80 men would be sent to the Cape during
the month of May.

LADY WHITE'S THANKFULNESS,

Happy Wife of the Commander of the Lady-
smith Garrison,
Special Cable Despatch to Tug Sux,

Lonpon, March 1.—Lady White, the wife of
Gen. White, the commander at Ladysmith, sald
to-day:

“All the world is in sympathy with me to-day
and I arm in sympathy with allthe world, Iam
most happy to make public my cordial and
warmest thanks to the multitude of sympa-
thizers with me during the trying period of the
long siege. I am delighted, supremely de-
Nghted, at the joyful news of the relief of the
beleaguered garrison and happy at the intelli-
gence that my husband is well and safe at last.
AsawifeITcansayno more, What happy wife
could say more?’

Lady White aceompanied the Marquis and
Marehioness of Lansdowne to the Alham'ra
Theatre to-niaht. They received an ovation
the audience standing and cheering as soon as
their presence was known,

 

 

PRITISH OCCUPY COLPSRERG,

Important Cape Colony Railway Point
Taken by Gen, Clements,
Special (able Despatcl to Tae BuN,

Loxpon, March 1,—Gen. Lord Roberts cables
tothe War Office as follows:

“PaarpivERG, Feb, 28,—Cloments reports
that on hearing Colosberg bad been evacu-
ated he sent a force to oecupy Colesberg June-
tion. Ile rode into Colesberg and reeeived an
enthusiastic welcome. He secured an amount
of ammunition, arrested several persons and
returned to Rensburg. The ratiway {a clear
and working to Laneweleman's Siding, He re-
ports to-morrow in reference to a few culverts
that have been biown up. Our troops hold
Colesberg and Colesberg Junction.”

|
|

 

fore there was any serious trouble,

To-night a mob of nearly flve thousand per-
sons, composed of many MeGill students and
other friends, marched down to Laval
University, the headquarters of the French
Canadian students,and demanded that the Brit-
ish flag should be hoisted on the building in
honor of the relief of Ladysmith, When this
was not done the crowd attacked the building.
The university people turned several streams
of water on them audthe crowd retaliated by
Hring volleys of stones and mud, smashing all
the windows and doing considerable damage,

A large force of police were called out and
charged the crowd firing their revolvers and
using their batons freely, Several of the
students were badly injured. Finally the
police succeeded In inducing the crowd to dis-
perse,

The incident has caused a great deal of bad
feeling and promises to give cause for tuture
trouble.

Havirax, N. 8., March 1.—The news of tha

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.
FATAL WASHOUT WRECK,

KILLED AND SIX SERIOUSLY
MURT NUAR PLAINVILLE, CONN,

 

Train on the Northampton Road Gets

Partly Over a Wenk Spot—Cars Slide
Down an Embankment and Pull Down

The Baggage Car and Loepmotive.

New Ilaven, Conn., March
uf on the Northampton
New Haven and Uartford
evening resulted in the death of a locos
motive engineer, train baggage master
and an unidentified passanger, mortal injuries
to another passenger and severe injuries to
flve more, besides the wrecking of a pase
senger train, The recent heavy rains have
swollen the streams all over Connecticut
many of which have overflowed thelr banke
and the tremendous body of surface water hae
raised havoe with the railroad embankments
at various places among the Northern divie
sion, considerably delaying trains and demore
alizing the time schedule,

At a place called Taylor's Crossing, one and a
half miles north of Plainville, where the raile
road {s built upon a dirt embankment thirty
feet high, the rush of water from. the
adjacent hilis flowed against the base
of the fll’ with such force as to
gradually undermine it. Although the track
men were aware that the bank was being
weakened, it was not thought that the dam-
440 Was 80 great as to imperil the safety of
trains passing over it,

The regular southbound passenger train,
composed of engine, baggage car, three
passenger coaches and the pay of
the division, which was due at Plainv ie at
6:55 P.M. had reached this weakened spot
on tine to-night. when the engine seemed to
away and it was evident to the engineer,
Stephen P. Searle of thia city, that the track
was giving way, He succeeded in getting th
locomotive and baggage car over the woakenea
spot before the slide occurred,

The three passenger coaches slid and rolled
down the embankment, coupling
lings held fast to the baggage car,
which had practically passed ‘the dan r
polnt, and pulling the body =o ts
car from its truck, brought it down the bank
The same force was sufficient to derail and
overturn the locomotive, which jolned the
wrecked cars at the foot of the bank.

1,—A washe
division of the
Railroad = thie

 

FIERCE SNOWSTORM UP THE STATE,

 

Northern and Central New York Snowed
Under—Railroad Trattic Delayed,

Urica, March 1.—The heaviost snowstorm of
the winter visited this city last night and this
moruing. Trolley traffle and loca) business
generally surrendered to the two feet of heav-

ily packed snow, Passenger traing on the One
| tario and Western and West Shore roads were

entry of Gen, Dundonald into Ladysmith was j; stalled within the city limits, while the New

{n Halifax,
The

the signal for general jubilation
Lunting was displayed all over the city.

York Central road made no pretence of running
{te trains on any senedule, The heavy snows
fail was succeeded by a downpour of rain that

military garrison was particularly joyful. Gen, | )@3 continued throughout the day. The trol-

Lord William Seymour ordered the citadel
stall to be dressed with flags, something that
usually is done only on national holidays, Gen.
Seymour also ordered a battery of Royal Artil-
lery to fire a salute of twenty-one guns as soon
as it was learned that Gen, Buller had entered
the beleaguered city,

DOG SNATCHES A PURSE,

TOY

A Surmise That He Was Trained—Woman
Who Carried Him Vanishes After Hiin,

A middle-aged man, wearing a business suit
and a high hat, was standing in front of the
window of the florist’s store In the Hoffman
House last night looking in at the window. By
his side was a middie-aged woman, and they
wore talking about the planta in the window.

Another woman came down Broadway.
was carryiug a small black and tan terrier tn
herarmsand she took her stand close beside
the woman at the window.

Suddenly the terrier reached @Ver, grabbed
the purse from the first woman's hand, wrig-
gied out of the other woman's arms, and scam-
pered across Broadway and Madison Square
Park with the purse in his mouth,

“Why, William,” cried the woman, “I nave
lost my purse, That little dog got it.”

Several bystanders corroborated the state-
ment and then all hands looked for the woman
who owned the dog, She had disappeared.
The bystanders suggested that the dug had
been trained to just such thefts.

“Was there much money in the purse,
Sarah?” asked the man.

- “Only a little money,” waa the reply, “but
there were several letters and addresses in it,

One was from my brother Will,” .

The man sald that his name was William C.
Eldredge and that he and hie wife were visiting
in this city, their home being in Chicago,

 

$25,000 MORE VROM PHILADELPHIA,

 

Nalf the Convention Guarantee Has Now
Been Sent to Mr, Hanna,

Purtape puta, March 1.~Mavor Ashbridge
to-day sent to Washington a second check for
25,000, the second quarter of the fund guar-
antoed for the National Republican Convention
expanses, e@ trustees of the Exposition
Building, in which the convention Is to be held,
f itis held in this city, met this afternoon and
formally agreed to allow the National Commite
tee to have the hall andto make what. altera-
tions were considered necessary for the pur-
pose,

CEKCIL

 

 

TESLIE ARRESTED,

 

Press Agent of the '* Franklin Syndicate"
Found In Cleveland,

Word waa received at Police Headquarters
last night that Cecil Leslie, the preas agent of
the Miller 520 per cont. ayndicate, had been
arres‘ed in Cleveland by Central Office Detece
tive MeConville of this city MeConville heard
several days agotha Lashoe was in Clevelan lt
and went after him, armed with a beneh war-
rant. MeConviile started back for New York
last night. with his prisoner. An alleged con-
faasion of Leslie's was recently published,

RECAPIURE OF JAMESTOWN,

Boers Admit Their Defeat and a Loss of 50
Killed and 123 Wounded.

Special Cable Despates
STENKSPRUIT, Fab The Boers at Iady

io TH RUN,

ow

Grey admit that Gen. Brabant reeaptured
Jamestown, The Loer losses were 50 killed,
123 wounded and S00 missing,

Jamestown is about thirty miles south of the
Free state borlerand about the game distance
east of Stormbery Junction.

NO PRICE ON KIMBERLEYW'S RELIEF, | PLAGSHIP TO bi CRONIES PRISON,

Suggestion That the De Beers Company Pay | announced That He Wil be Kept in the

the Troops Repudiated,
Special Cable ! esna’ch to Tuk Sry,
Lonpon. March 1.—Mr, Balfour, the Govern-
ment leader in the House of Commons, was

Bay at Cape Town,
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sun,
Lonpon, March |.—In the House of Com-
mons to-day Mr, Joseph Powell Willams,

asked by Mr. Thomas (Gibson Bowles, Con- | Financial Seerotary to the War OMce, an-
servative, to-day, whether any of the £2,000,- |

OOO profit of the De Beers mines at Kimberley
would be distributed among the troops who
had salvaged them

In reply Mr. Balfour said that such a eourse

would be quite a new military practice If it
was adopted the only difference between being
sacked by your enemy and relieved by your
friend would be merely one of form

MORE TROOPS FROM AUSTRALIA,

Reported Request for Them if ‘*the Im-
perial Troops Are Needed Elsewhere.”

Npectal Cable Despath to Tug SUN

Merrourne, March 1.—It is reported that
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain has cabled t
the Australian Goverments askit g whether

they ean raise an additional 2,400 good riters
and marksmen for service in South Africa

One version of the report adds that these
troops will be wanted “in the event of the im-
perial troops being required elsewhere.”

The request has not been announced offl-
Gially, but itis believed that it was made

”

nounce i that Gen, Cronje and his family would
he taken aboard the flagship of the British
fleet at Cape Town,

IVILY TO MAKE OVERTURES?

The Government Interpellated Regarding to which

Its Intentions,
Sperval Cable Despatch to Tar Sun
Ror, March 1.—-In the Chambherof Deputies
to-day the Republicans interpellated the Gov-
nment a8 to whether it intended to make
ercures to Great Britain in favor of re
shing peace in South Afriea

SEVERE AITACK OV MAFEKING,
Garrison Repulses the Boers After Two
Days of Vighting.

Seecral Cable Despatcs to Tun Sen
LONDON, March 1,—Mateking endured a se-
vere Gna protracted assault on Saturday and
Sunday. The Boers were driven off with aloss

of forty, The British losses were two killed and
three wounded,

ET

!

|
|
|

ley lines have been partly opened, but business
i At 8 atandssill. The great amount of snow
threatens @ disastrous overflow of the Mohawk
River when the first thaw occurs. Residen
of the northern section of the city will guar
against the anticipated flood,

Jesvatches from various points in northern
and central New York show that the storm exe
tends all over that part of the State, At Buffalo
freight traffic has been suspended and trains
thatare out have been abandoned and their
engines used to help along the delayed paasen-
Ger trains,

In Rochester electric railway lines are prac:
tically ata standstill and trains on all railways
oaegsipe the city are very late or completely
stallod.

A despatch from Lyons says that no trains
are running on the ome, Watertown and Og
densburg, West where or Central Hudson roads
or their branches, Hotels are full of drummers
and all funerals and weddings are postponed,
It fs the worst storm since 180u,

eports from Adirondack towne show a fal
of 18 inches, On the Adirondack branch o
the Delaware and Hudson Railway a snow-
slidefrom @ mountain covered the track for
three-quaarters of a mile to the depth of five
feet and trate was blocked, In saratoga 10
inchws of snow fell and in Whitehall 15 inches,

A despatch from Watertown suys that northe
ern New York is suffering the worst blizzard
of the season. Raiiway traffic is almost at @
standstill, country roals are almost impasse
able, and the city street cars are tled up,

At Albany the snow turned to rain and
another freshet is feared

In Syracuse the snow this morning was three
feet deep. The trolley lines were blorked.
suburban lines were abandoned until toward
noon, Rain fell all day ani made the snow
more difficult tohandle, Railroad trafic west-
wart was blockaled. The limited fast mail
due at Syracuse at 2°50 A. M. was ten hours
late. Later inthe day the Central main jine
tracks were cleared and the west-bound Em-
ji State express Was ou Uiine, meeting trains

rom the West that ran approximately close ¢
schedule e Delaware, Lackawanna an
Western road got oul its passenger traing
abouttwo hours iate, and the Rome, Waters
town and Ogdensburg was abandoned until
noon, a8 was the Auburn branch o! the Ceu-
tral. The Weat Shore was dead all day, but le
beginning to clear its tracks.

Krsuston, N. Y., March L.—It has rained
here {n torrents since 2 o'clock, and at 7o'cloe
to-night indications ure that it will rain al
. The Hudson River, Kondout, Esopus,
Wallkill Creeks are over their banks
and considerable damage has. been done,
In this city many cellars are flooded, The
tannery brook tha’ flows through a valley
back of Green street isswollen to the size of @
big creek, and at Lucas avenue the water ts
fully ten feet deep. The lowlan ls are covered
with water from Esopus Creek, and they
look like a river over half a mile wide, The
Catskills were covered with suow which the
raln has melted, and before morning Lsopus
Creek will rise higher than ever before in ite
history.

CLEVELAND STORM STRICKEN,

Sleet Almost Isolates the City—Damage of
$1,000,000 Reported,
CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 1,107
land Is frozen up tigh’
are down, The loss is more than $1,000,000,

M.--Clevae
All the telephone wires

Tho atreet-car service is suspended, The fire
telegraph system is ruined, and the city is ig
darkness to-night, Tho tce covers everything,
Thousands of trees are broken down, Beores

of horses have been killed,
forecastor says:

The United States

“Itia the most wonderful sleet storm in my
experience.”

Atthe Westorn Uniontelegraph office at 105
Broadwny, it was said at midnight last night
that mossages to Cleveland and points ig
northern Ohio were being accepted subject te

delay, The storm hal practically cut Clevee
land and the nel@hbor.ow cities of from the
res! of the wor. J, although Toledo still had @
vire open to Cleveland, and some husiness wa
reaching Clevelan! trom the Last by way o
Chicago

ihe evongestion of business caused by the

progress of the storm through \) obama, Loulee
fana and the Mississippi Valey States had
been quite overcome at midnight and the night
force was working under ordinary pressure,
Conditions Were constanty improving, it was
said.

ARCHBISHOP CORRIGAN A WITNESS,

Questions Put to Hin in the Mary Johr6en
Will Case All Ruled Out,

Archbishop Corrigan was callie! as a witness
before Justice Stover of the Supreme Court
yesterday in behalf of the Catholic institutiong
Mrs. Mary Johneon left most of her
haf-million dollars, Hoe was ealled to prove
eonversations be had with Father James W,
Power of All Saints’ Roman Catholic Churoh,
who, it is alleged, exercised undue Influence
on the teatator

lhe Archbishop elected to affirm Inetead of
being sworn, When questions were puttohin
y \uguatus Yau Wyck in behalf of the bene.

aries under the will about the conversations
eferred to, David MoClure, appeariog for
everal cousins who geek to upset the wil eon.
coded that the Archbishop's evidence was not
competent, a4 both he and Father Power were
financially interested in the support of the

t
t
!
t

Wi °
Justice Stover ruled out the questions ap ivie
Archbishop waa excused. ‘The case is still ou.

 

Fast Sleeper to Buffalo.

Leaves New York except Bunday, Lackawenme
Railroad,0:16 8. Mi, arrives Buflalo 9:20 A. M.—Ada,