eh NS gy

   

SIFGE OF LADYSMITH,

. ‘mpaar T E
SMITTEN, ”
Though the siege of Ladysmith may not
compare from @ military polnt of view with
some of the more famous sleges of history, it
ame will bave an exceptional Importance of its own
Unions in Other Cithes Already Called Out | owing to the political circumstances eonnected
Alliance With 40,000) Metal Workers | with it, and the reasons why itcame to play 4&
Exp The Builders’ Contest Plate prominent part inthe present war From its
Glass Men Also Engaged ina struggle, being situated at the junetion of the railway
The conference between | from Durban, the Free State and the ‘rans

CHICAGO STRIKE.

 

NO COMVROMISK WITH MACHINISTS
AND THE FIGHT BEGINS,

 

Cricaco, Mareh 1

President O'Connell and National Organ. | Vaal, and on account of its position in relation
iger Reid of the International Assoelation | to the Van Keenen's Pass leading into the
ot Machinists and the Executive Come | Orango Free State, it was selected os @
mittee of the Manutacturers’ Association | depot for war stores and as the base
adjouraed at midnight to-night without hav. | of operations contemplated aginst the

two republics, Before the war broke out, mae

ing reached an agreament looking foa settle.
ment of the Chicago strike, As he left the
Fisher building in which the all-day conference

terial of all kinda was collected at I adysroith
tothe value of about five millions of dollars.

 

 

was held President O'Connell said he was The garrison, which somo time before hostili-
very much disappointed at the result | ties broko out was composed of a brigade of
He had hoped that an agreement on all} infantry with a regiment of cavalry and two
points at issue wonld be reached at the | Held batteries and a mountain battery, was ree
conference. Ho went into it, he sald, | enforced just before the presentation of the

ultimatum hy President Kroger to the
strength of a full division with four regiments
of cavalry, six Held batteries, and one mountain
battery, with complete effective of auxillary

prepared to make and meet reasonable conces-
sions, Now that hope of avoiding a strike
must be abandoned the only thing to be done,
he said, is to make the strike effective,

 

President O'Connell said it) was the ine | services and a colonial contingent

tention of labor leadera to put. the On the outbrenk of hostilities the total foree

strike on a practical business basis and | under Gen, White’s command was composed

to have all the reserve forces and allies of the following regiments:

of the Machinists Union in accord Cavalry--Fitth Dragoon Guards, Fifth Lan-

fore the entire strength of the union is called } ops, Kigbteenth Hussars, Nineteenth Hussars,
, a — aay 1 t

out. Great reliance is placed on the Metal Pield) Artitiery Thirteenth, Twenty-first,

Forty-second, Fifty-third, Sixty-seventh, Sixty
ninth batteries, and No, 10 Mountain Battery,
capitulated at Nicholson's Nek), in all forty-
two wuna,
These were augmented before the invest-
ment was mede effective by three or four

Workers’ Union in the trouble, as it is expected
that the organization can muster 40,000
men throughout the country It ia asserted
that this union may call ont its members bes

fore all the machinists are ordered to Quit | joavy naval guns i
work Infantry—First Battalion Liverpool Regi-
ment, First Ba tation. Devonshire, First Bat-

Notwithstanding the denials that the mae
chinists in Milwaukee will be affected by the
strike here, a delegation of labor leaders
from that city called on President O'Connell
to-day and held a conference with him re-
garding the proposed calling ou! o! the men,

Organizer Reid returned to Milwaukee with

talion Leleeatershire, First Battalion: Glouces.
tershire (capitulated at Nicholson's Nek), Ftrst
Battalion King's Koyal Rifles, Second Battalion
King’s Royal lit tirst Battalion Manchester
Regiment, Second Battalion Gordon, Highs
landers, First Battalion Koval Trish Fusiliers
capitulated at Nicholson's Nek), Second Bate
tation. Royal Dublin Fusiliers, Second Bat-
talion Rifle Brigade,

  

   

and will look over the situation. All the
— o Colun bus, according to Prest- Yhis would represent a fighting force of
ns OG ‘ t a \ : ‘led out to-day, and | About 12,000 effectives, including Colonials
nh onnell, were ¢ ” 0 oeday,

The first action fought after the republican
forces had passed the frontiers of the two
States waa at Glencoe on Oct, 20, when a Boer

ft. Louis, Kansas City and other cities have

f formation as to when the

telegraphed for i

 

  

enerel ate ; ‘Wt ( hic ago the Stee commando woder Gen, Lukas Meier oceupled
three darge piants were ealled out to-day, but | a bill overlooking the British camp, Though
sresidont, att aque hot ascertain th | i poere were driven from the position, the
Where is 1 general fear if the mas] superiority of thelr numbers moving in the
chinists in) the railroad shops Ko out. | dircetion of } adysmith obliged Gen, Yule, who
Shi Eee saat. that are a % sueeeeded to the command on Gen, 8ymons
Me trainnen With) othem. The latter | being wounded, to evacuate Dundee on Oct. 25,
assert that they lave in no wise benefited by 7 joaying Gen. Symons, who died the same day,
the wave ot rose nity smerving cet 1h | and all his wounded to tho care of the Boers

but wages have remained stationary, while the | On entering Dundee, the Boers captured a

 

 

 

prices of news everything they buy aare ee large number of valuable documents, includ
cer ‘ : oy re Worse ol vat
the y wel inte th t . It m = ‘| ing rhe plans for the campaign against the
e ere du i he hare tithes a
They have not formulated their demands, | Free State and Transvaal, In the meanwhile
put mye been the poe eae ized | ray }a Boer commando oceupied a strong position
the Debs strike of IN id declare that it | ' agte close ai , ’
foreed to go ont again they will make a show- at Elandslaagte close to the railway between

ing that will throw tho tie-up of IN4 in the | Ladysmith and Dundee, Here it was attacked

 

 

   
  

shade tor | {not attempt to reaume by Gen, Freneh and dislodged with the loss of
Contractor Peiree did n atte ores ‘ ; :
work onthe Peseral building to-day Heres | all its equipage, a large n imber killed and
garde the situation as too disturbed at present | over three hundred taken prisoners. On Oct
eves sc e rear With non-union MeN | O44 force of Boers was detected moving from
owaltawhiie ‘

4 t thea tiesupin the building in- Kietfontein in the direction f the Helpmakaar
dustry are beginning to be felt by the smail] road across the railway with the evident
prarescep re n o gg he yi Sean Ps ig od object of cutting the communication between

e@ working peop ave } ‘ ie "Pe ' : sane
chases very materially, and in some cases have | Ladysmith and Dundee, They we re at
already asked for credit where they have never | once attacked by Sir George White,

wfore ‘ ae ¢ aati
Gone 90 bot Fam Purcell of the United | 20! after a smart fight lasting six hours
Brotherhood of Leathe: Workers yesterday were repulsed, and the troops” retrent-
called out seventyetlve men embioved | ing from Dundee reached Ladysmith
, ors’ SadWery fi mny, ‘ . ‘ ‘
Cs ars On cat athy with the m OB | in safety, On Oct, 80 Sir George White made
na eet, ins " i ” |
operators, who have been on a strike forthe | an attack in three columns on the Boer po-
last twelve weeks because of the jutrodtuction | sitions to the east of Ladysmith that had been
of piecework system. heout men say occupied the previous day by a strong forea

 

 

several attempts were made to settie the differ-
ences with the firm but without avail

The five plate-wliss dealers who eontrol the

under the direct orders of Gen, Joubert, The
British were repulsed and the left column,

 

Pilon. e x ook “a wetce Shs comprising two battalfons of infantry and the
pletely tying up the plate-glass work of | mountain battery, were made prisoners. Fir-
Chiengo. The principal build nee, prices ing took place between the Beer guns of po-
ph dig ed Pee Building Kil ne sition and the British from that date until Nov,

2, on which day the communications were cut
and the siege began,

The only incidents of importance during the
month of November were a cavalry encounter

late-glass-insurance work in Chicago has
een shutdown, Sympathy with the Building
Contractors’ Council is the cause assigned for
the lock-out of the men,

From a trustworthy source it is) learned

   

to-night that the street pad ' vated at Dewdrop onthe Oth, and an attack by the
ralirouw employees Wve perie Ter Anh | . or Pi

ganization and have made demands ups | Boers on the Mth that was repulsed with lose,
on their employers for an inerease | On Dec, 2 the Boers opened a heavy fire
of wages. These demands have not) been | from theirbatteriason Surprise Hill, Pepworth

granted and formal notice hag been given that
unieas they are granted before midnight of
Monday, April 30, every line in the city will be
tied up,

Chicago's Strike Not Likely to Reach Here,

No official notifleation had been received up
to yesterday bythe Board of Walking Delegates
or the Building Trades Council of any intention

Hiil, Lombard's Kop, and Isimbulwana Moun-
tain, forming a semi-circle from the north-
een i west to the southeast, causing some damage.
Krupp howltzers. On Dec, & tho British made
a night sortie and destroyed a Creusot and
a Krupp howitzer, and carried away a Maxim.
to ask for strikes here in sympathy with those On Dee, 11 another night sortie was made and
in Chicago. The only organization likely to | @ howitzer on Surprise Hill was destroyed,
order sympathetic strikes bere is the Interna- | About this time enterle fever broke out and
Oi "awuinat the { siae0 thn has made serious ravages emong
Vestern Eluctric | impany, the garrison, On Dee, 22 the Boers mounted
enema another howltzer on Surprise Hill. On Jan.

MILLS CLOSED the Boers, departing from their usual tactics,
made a regular assault on the British positions

round Ladysmith, pressing home that de-
livered on the south against Cwsar's Camp and
Wagon Hill, two miles south of Sir George
Whito'’s headquarters. The fighting at these
two points lasted throughout tho day, termi-
nating at dark in the final repulse of the Boers,
On @ date since then, not stated, the Boers are

 

 

 

 

BY LAWSUITS,

 

Factory Inspector's Test Throws 5,000 Steel
Men Out of Work.

Muncrr. [nd., March 1.—Every one of eleven
big iron and steel! mills in Indiana owned by
the Republic Iron & Steel Company closed
down indefinitely lest night on account of the
recent filing of suits in Muncie to enforce the

 

Weekly Pay law by State Factory Inspector | said to have replaced the Creusot gun de-
MeAbee. Over 5,000 men are idle Following stroyed on Dee, 8, bya heavier piece that has
js a liat of the m vid the men employed: 0 AC xec 4%
Gene nits, {L000 employeen:” Terre done Aome execution In the British lines,
Haute two mils, s00) Marion, two mills, 500; On Dee. 15 Gen, Buller made his first
Fast Chicago, two mills, 1,000; Alexandria, | attempt to relieve Ladysmith, but was re-
ne mill, fou yy los ( j

Oi teK Kae, March 1.—Silas J, Llewellyn, Seeres pulsed with heavy loss in men and guns in the

attack on Colenso. His second was cheeked
on Jan. 24 by the complete dofeat of Gen.

and Steel Company,

ary ofthe Republic Tron
tary ¢ sing down of the

anid to-day revarding thee

 

ecmnany sms Ara maiienary | Warren's division at Srion Kon, in an effort to
z Mone tethe State Factory. Inspector in an- | turn the Boer right, and its subsequent retreat
forcing the week y payment Jaw which, Mr. | south ofthe Tugela The third attempt, begun
ssowellyn an - ry good lawyer knows to be | on Feb, 5 by way of Vaal Krantz, north

 

from Potgieter's Drift, had to be abandoned on
the (th owing to the tmpracticability of the
road through the mountains, raked at every
point by the flre of the Boer artillery and from
theirintrenchments. The expectations of the
beleaguered garrison were again disappointed,

Between the failure of the third attempt and
Lord Dundonald’s entry into Ladysmith on the
night of Tuesday last, after a week's hard
fighting up the railway from Colenso, the
Boers frequently bombarded the town, but
without materially affecting the defence. The
most dangerous enemies of the garrison
proved to be hunger and disease, the dally ra-
tion being reduced to half a pound of meal

Had he treated a limanufacturing concerns
and other em) loversof labor alike,” sald Mr
Liewellyn, “in would have been #9 bad, but
he seems, to vs at least, to. have picked out @
few coneerns, the Lepubis Company among
the number, which he holds up as horrible ex-
amples and then proceeds to make it impossi+
bie for ns to carry on our legitimate business,
Our men are the best pail men in Indlana,
Vheir wages run irom $7 to $20 a day and
they are not clamoring tora weekly pay day,
If they were and their best interests demanded
that they be paid weekly instead of semi-
moothly or monthly, as is now the rule, we
would wladly pay them weekly, notwithstand-
ing that to do so would add greatly to our
office expense and the annoyance and loss o
time that always attends the paying off o
large bodies of men

  

  

 

burdensome as it 1s, was

‘ that if the law,
edminiateres ‘airly and made to apply to all | @ day supplemented by a portion of
alike we woul! probally conform to it, butwe | mule or horse meat, and when Gen.
object to being mide to suffer while other cons | Buller entered the town he found the

eros including the railroads are permitted to
aon ner their business in the matter of pay- strenath of the troops so reduced that he

ment of employees as suits their convenience,” | reported that they would require a period
7 of rest before resuming active service The
COLLI GER STRIKE THREATENED, siego lasted 118 days.during which the Boer in-

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

; > ; vestment was 4s) close that communieation
° er pre T y : - i
Western , mivereey o wae or oe " | between the besieged and the relieving force
. ¥ ver " ec . j i
dents Angry a y eision was almost impossible except with the helio-
Prersne me P March 1 The students | graph, but the advance of Lord Roberts in the
of the Western University of Pennsylvania threaten | Free State compelled the detachment of sueh
t go na stake tomorrow over a difference | q large foree from the beleaguering army that
between the Junior class and the faculty About | onthe night of Tuesday the Bour forces with
two we veo the juniors broke into the office | drew from round Ladysmith, and on Wednes-
of Prof tf a Selimitz and carried his desk and | day the siege was raised, to the intense relief
other offies furniture outside, where they were left. | of the peopie of Engand
Among a few things that were lost was a record The total Josses in action of Str George
book witch Prof. Selimitz alleges was stolen. | White’s command between the opening of
A meeting of a committee from the junior class | hostilities and the investment of Ladysmith
and the faculty was held this afternoon, The | were 2,088. Of these there were 25 oMeers
faculty asked that the juniors pay $10 to cover | killed, 87 wounded and SL eaptured: and 157
the damages to the property left: outside over | rank and flle killed, O74 wounded, and 1,110
night, and that $25 be paid for the lost record | eaptured. From Dee, 2 to Jan. 6 there were 17
b officers killed, 44 wounded, aud Teaptured sane
Vfter this meeting an execttive session of the | on4 rank and fle Hed, ? ror nd7
facilt was held It was announeed that the | ~ ran % ! fle Billed, 334 wou d mad]
juniors should have twenty four hours to pay captured, making a total ef G43, Py losses in
the s10 for damages and 87 50 for the loss of the | action Str George White’s force has beer
recer ‘ Phis announcement was made by | gueed to 4.500 abouts t ‘ nuch ithe
agent om Tae ae tee ines ine att iad ee . ioou ry how mueh it has
Mata wait led if the fines been redieed through deaths from discuss |
Were not pal boys say that $7.50 is too | in other Ways since is not definitely known, but
much for the hind record book that was de under the elrcumstances the flehting effective
strove, and that they will sooner quit: schoo fore cannot now be vor 7 ji
than submit Nlmost the entire student body orce ; e Much Over 7,000 stron,
it in sympathy with the puntors The others say - a
that if the faculty holds to the demands and at sos May Kee
tempts toespel the juniors all of the classes will van : PG Lubhylet at Albany:

stay outiintil the matter is settled Apumberoflabor unions aMliated with the
Central Federated Union are in fayor of erm-
ploying a lobbyist at Albany to look after labor
bills, The subject isto be brought up, it: was

stated yesterday, at the meeting of the C
Federated Union next Sunday re Central

Race Line in Union Labor,

CyattTanooga, Tenn.. March 1.—About 500
union moulders employed in the Chatranooga
foundries are threatening to strike because
they say that the Koss Meehan Company 18
training negroes to take their places.

The Koss Meehan people disclaim any inten- Eat the intractable lobster ani festive clam. No
Yon of substituting uegrevs for white moul- oe if you take Johnson's Digestive Tablets,—

ers, v.

 
 

Their guns wore 15-centimetre Creusots and !

  

|

 

 

jp ahalhda aden

te nes ae

ABE

AMUSING STEREOPTICON VIEW
THE LAST CITY CAMPAIGN,

OOZES QUIGG VERSE.

or

 

What Graber Is After Is Peace and the
Scalps of Hie Enemies to Dry itn the
Smoke of the Peace Fire-The Twenty-
firat District a Solitary Republican Oasia,

Col. Abraham Gruber, 248 enrolled Kepubli-
cans and one Tammany Hall man met last
nightin the Church Hall at 246 West Toth
street. When Col, Gruber was presented to
the others by A. HL. Daniels they raised a great
shout, erying “You're the stuff,” and “Knock
‘om, Abe.” Col, Gruber said;

“It is properthat, speaking from this plat-
form, [should have a text, and I have chosen
it in thea words "Whom the gods would destroy
they Orat make mad.’ Naturally these words
slggest poetry:

* From the way Quigg acts ip the Twenty-first

We fear the gods have done their worst,
It is plain toall he has ‘em bad,
And it's putting it mild to say he's mad.

“If L can't retain my leadership inthis dia-
trict on the truth and a discussion of my
record, I do not want to keep it for asingle
minute, I am a building that like all good
buildings was begun with a strong foundation,

 

firm and unshakable. That is the kind of
a leader I am, Quigg is a leader
dropped out of a balloon. He is a

building that was begun at the seventh story,
and he hasn't reached the ground yet. He
isn’t the choice of the Republicans of this
county for leader. The Republicans have
made up thelr minds they won't have him,
and if Tom Platt would take his hanas
off he couldn't get five votes in the
County Committee, Ihave been, I am, and,
Quigg to the contrary notwithstanding, I shall
be, an organization Republican. He has
brought nothing tothe Republicanism of the
West Side, He has sought and obtained much
from it,

“Ttold him in 1898 not to run for Congress.
He asaid: ‘The old man’s for me.’ I said:
“Well, the old woman isn't, and she's the Re-
publican voters.’ Last fall hesent for me and

said: ‘This is a year of fuston’-I sup-
pose he meant other years under his
leadership were years of confusion —and
tried to get me to endorse an enrolled

Democrat, Thomas A. Fulton, for Alderman,
I refused, and Matthews was elected, Then
Quigg got up a county ticket, aix Democrats
and two Republicans. He had it all fleured

out. He said: ‘We'll get the labor vote; that's
50,000, We'll get the Gioo-Gioo vote; that's |
60,000, We'll get the City Club vote; that's

7,000, Then we'll gat the Renubliean vote;
that's 100,000, So we'll have 285,000 votes in
all,’

“And the next morning the Republican party
had gone to destruction. everywhere except in

the Twenty-first. The Eighth was lost. The
Nineteenth—Quigg's own district--was lost
The Twenty-ninth had turned over, The
Thirty-first was a wreck. And Quige was
happy, except for the Twenty-first, and THe
SuN was the only paper that had that

right and Matthews elected. So Quige called
Austin and said, "There’s a band of old and
young Kepublicans up on the West Side who
win victories, Youmustdo’em. Go up there
and say “Gruber'’s against McKinley
Roosevelt and the Ten Commandments and
the tunnel, and he invented Ramapo,” and
ifyournn out go to Ananias and borrow from
him, and if he ean't help you come back to ma,
and [ean.'”

Col, Gruber said he wasn't the kind of a
leader that sits fp his parlor smoking cigars
and grunts at men who ask him queations, He
sald there was & Tammany man fn the audi-
enen who could testify to his militant Re-
publicanism

The Tammany man began to aay something.
Several men hear him attempted to keep him
quiet, but the man rose,

“I’m a Tammany man and I don't like Re-
publieans, but I'm here to-night to hear a
decent Republican speak,” he said.

Col, Gruber said that Mr. Austin was foreed
to lead the Aght against him under threat of
losing his $4,500 job as special counsel tothe
Manhattan State floapital for the Insane.

“For a real, good, genuine grafter,” he said
“George C. Austin ia.as good @ man as any
know. While he was chairman of the Cities
Committee, he got forty-five references from
Tammany Justices. If he wants to hear more,
he has simply to invite me. I'm not a man
of war, I'm a man _ of. peace. Almost a
Quaker, I might. be a Quaker if t hadn't bean
for my parents. want every offleeholder to
be againatme Think more of your wife and
little ones than of Abe’s leadership. Abe can
look out for himself. Kipling has written:
“Pleasant it is for the littletin gods when Great Jove

node;
But the little tin gode make their little mistakes
In missing the hour when Great Jove wakes.’

"The little tin Quigg gods are missing the
hour when the Republcans wake. We are
after no scalps, save those of the men who have
misied and betrayed us
have.”

Afriend of the Hon. George C. Austin said
last night after the meeting:

“Mr. Gruber on several occasions has had
something to say about the alleged use of
Felera! patronage against him in this contear,
The fact remains that Mr. Gruber’s brother
Julius, living at 211 East Eighty-ninth street,
has been a welgher'’s laborer {n the Custom
House for the last two years at $2.50 aday.
Julius Gruber was appointed from the Thir-
tieth district. There was no desire to charge
vp thia place against Col. Abe from the Twenty-
firat Assembly diatrict, Julius Gruber gets tha
highest pay, $2.50 a day, to which any man is
entitled outside of a civil service appointment.”

  

 

 

 

THIEVES SET HARLEM FIRES,

 

Central Office Detectives Called in to Hunt
Them Down,

Fire Marshal Peter Seery yesterday began
an investigation of the five suspicious flres
that occurred in Harlem after midnight on
Wednesday. Several of his deputies examined
the four housea in Third street and the Second
avenue house in which the fire occurred and
they reported to him later that they believed
that flrebugs had set all of the buildings afire,
The fires started in the basement in each In-
stanee and the deputies found evidence that
oil had been used by the incendiaries,

Mr. Seery after receiving the reports said he
was convinced that the fres had been started
by thieves for the purpose of robbery in the
confusion that would follow the alarm. He
had aconsultation with Capt. MeClusky of the
Detective Bureau at Polico Headquarters later
and several detectives were detalled to look
forthe criminals. The Fire Marshal will ex-
amine in his office to-day some of the residents
of the burned houses to obtatn what informa.
tion they may be able to give as to the out-
break of the trea,

Fire Chief Croker said ho believed that tha
flres were started by an organized gang of
robners Strong evidence of that, he said, was
the fact that men were seen leaving the base-
ments of two of the houses shortly before the
fires were discovered, He did not think the
man who attacked. the woman on the top floor
of the house atl755 Third avenue wore 4 fire
badge. as the woman had declared, He thought
the woinan was mistaken in the kind of badge
the man had on, ie

Antonio Lino, a eoal peddier of 225 Weat
Ninety-seventh street, wae arrested early yos-
terday morning on suspicion of being one of
the incendaries, and In the Harlem police
court was ned in $2,000 bail while the

wlica investigate his recent movements
fhe police heard at the fire at 176!
Third avenue that Lino had had a
quarrel! with a barber who has a shop there,
vii they went to look the Italian up, Although
it wis So'cloek inthe morning they found him
ur and dressed, When he was arrested he
asked ifthe barber's shon had been burned

Following the recent promotiona, the deputy
and battalfon chiers of the Fire Department
have been shifted about, Deputy Chief Ahearb
takes command downtown, Purroy goes to the
central section and Duane to the section far
uptown,

  
 

GRANITE STRIKE BREGINS,

8,000 Cutters In New Fogland Out for Fight
tours and S35 a Day,

 

 

    

 

 
 
 

 

Bostox, March 1.-The granite strike prom-
ised for weeks s on to-day. Right
thousand men in New England are re-
ported " The granite cutters de-
mone an oeght-Sour day at oa minimum

{ oh | roshoy ire exempt, for it} was
discover’ vestertiy that a eontract elads
h ‘ In Halowell, oM
Geotke Lord, of the local uranite
maunutnetirens Ww bioys abou’ thirty men,
reeled fo the ds Hiotot sadavior emit
Petar: WOK, be stid thas AL ee) |
Macufactuters erhen and Cie Nationa
1 "

CONCORD. t. M Vb Three hundred
PY none ts
tive firtis \ . sirue 4 hoe
tg lor an oe 2 hyi +t lay ne awe an
mum | Wile ite it eeu btanew {
th Netiona Criiatiite Custers Luton
wi ment He ¢ ty "i he dering and as
| wom tlhe cutters Ow Ena nave come
promised With the Moanuinetnrers, (here is a

Joon! ment Wh favor Comiig fo an agree.

| ment several frie in chis ‘city are ha ily
handicapped by the strike. Leis hoped that by
pext Sonday matters may Le adjusted

and | :
ey | foreign orders high wages play a most im-

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

 

And those we will |

 

\

) their

 

FEAST OF THE WELSHMEN,

 

Gen, Merritt Tells Hosts He Sympathizes
With Great Britain.

The St. David Soclety of the State of New
York ate its sixty-ffth annualdinner at the
Hotel Savoy last night, The British successes in
South Africa lent an air of elation to the ban-
quet,and the toast to the President and the
Queen was drunk with thunderous cheers,
the 250 Welahmen and descendants of Welsh-
men present shouting untli they were hoarse,
AttorneyGeneral Davies was among the guests,

Julien T. Davies, President of the Society,
referred to the continental jealousies that
menaced the United States during the Spanish
warand to England's undiseulsed friendship
atatime when no one could tell what might
happen, The St, David's Society, he said, emu-
lated the Society of St. George, St. Patrick's Bo-
ciety and St, Andrew's Society in exultation of
the brave deeds of kinsmen in arms by toust-
ing the Welsh Fusileers.

Major-Gen, Wesley Merritt, who followed
President Davies, said that he sympathized
with the Drftish arms in the present war,
and that he could not help doing so. “At
Manila,” hesaid, “they stood by us, proving
that blood was thicker than water, They are
with usin trying to establish the principle all
over the world, in South Africa and Manila,
thutevery man is entitled to enjoy untram-
melled his right to liberty and the pursuit of
happiness, Whatever may be said about the
Nicuragua Canal treaty, I am satistied that
the British tried to do right by their American
cousins,”

Referring to the position occupied by the
Regular Army in thiscountry Gen, Merritt said
that there seemed to be a general disposi-

tion to consider it an aristoeratie in-
stitution that needed holding down,
otherwise it would throttle the liberties

of the people, and just now the army is four
times as large as it has been, he said, but tn
time it will be cut down again to its normal
proportions; “and I assure you,” he continued,
“itis quite harmless.”

Sir Percy Sanderson, the British Consul-
General, aseribed England's early reversals in
South Africa to a characteristic that Gen, Mer-
rittattributed to American people; namely to a
distrust of a large standing army amply sup.
ported) and ever excellently equipped and
trained. : 7

Charles R. Flint who spoke on the “Open
Door from an Industrial Point of View,” first
considered the advantages possessed by the
veople of the United States as ‘world traders.”
These advantages he said consisted of great
natural resources, and above all, an energetic
and intelligent peop.e, living under a form of
government which develops the greatest indi-
viduality. Our disadvantages. he said, were

inferior financial facilities, and wages more
than double those paid by our competitors
Most countries bad increased their export

trade owing to low wages, Continuing Mr.
Flint said

“The best evidence of the high wages is that
the wage earners have at their cominand more
cash than the so-called capitalists. They have
on deposit fa the savings banks, subject. to
call, €$2.280,000,000, a sum the with.
drawal of which would produce financial chaos,

“The statesmen and politieal economist of

that the only way in which the United States
would be able to go outside its hieh
wall of protection and secure an export trade
would be by the reduction of wages. There
is no question but that in competing for

portant part. That fact, however, has been off-
set, not by the reduction of wages. but by the

| genius of our people in invention and organt-

zation, and they are as interdenendent as cupl-
tal and labor. Our labor-saving machinery
represents a productive force in the United
States to-day of 400,000,000 people withont
labor-saving devices, The American work-
man has been elevated to the position of over.
seer notof pauper labor, not of slaves, but of
more than thelr productive equivalent, mae
ehinery,

"The intemperate criticism of aggregations
of capital by would-be political leaders, as un-
sound as the proposition to pay the American
Wage earner in Aity-cent dollars, is nothing
short of an attack upon American prosperity at
home and an attempted embargo upon our ex-
port trade. Freedom of trade, supposed to be
guaranteed by the laws and constitutions of
this country, is thereby assailed. The com-

binations and organizations inveighed
Against are vot alone the combination
of capital, but what is of more im-
portance, they represent aggregations
of Intellect and industry, and when these

great properties and these great intellects
which have created and directed the tsolated
concerns are united, then the highest effi-
cieney is brought aboutl n the manufacture
and distribution of the products, and if any
one suffers appreciably it is only the non-
productive middle man

“The beat results-and the open door will
demand of us the best results—can be accom-
plished to-day only by well managed large or-
ganizationa, and those most benefited by thei
are the masses. That party /eaders should at-
tempt to gain political advancement by pro-
posing a plan of legislation to supplant that
higher law which gives a reward to superior
ability, is, when viewed aright, an insult to the
intelligence of the American people.”

COFFEY’S NIGHT OF GLORY,

Monster Demonstration In Honor of the
Red Hook Senator.

Prospect Hall in Prospect avenue near Sixth,

in Brooklyn, was the scene last night
of the biggest feast ever spread in
that borough, It was modestly designated
the annual “stag” sunper of the Ninth
Assembly Diatrict Demeecratic  Assovia-
tion, but was in reality a mammoth
banquet in honor of Senator Michael J.
Coffey, the leader of the district,
whom the Willoughby street) managers

are trying to dethrone, The demonstration
can only be internreted as the boldest kind of
defiance to Willoughby etreet. Over 1,500
persons were sea'ad at the tables, the
two big side rooms were jammoad, the galleries
were packed totheir utmost capacity, and even
the corri lors jlaading to the hall were crowded,
It was estimated that over 3,000 persons were
on handtoglorify Senator Coffey andeheerhim
on his big taht for political existence

Uniike the so-called) “harmony” dinner,
given au couple of weeks ago, at the Pouch

fansion under the dirvetion of Mr. Pde
ward M. Shepard, there is nothing from
the start to the finish of this
gathering but warlike thrusts, not only at the
factional enemies of Senator Coffey, but also at
the opponents of the Chicago platform and its
champion, William Jennings Bryan

Assistant Corporation Counsel stapleton, on
the part of Senator Coffes's constituents, nade
the presentation to him of a beautiful silver
loving cup asatribute, he sald, of their loy-
alty and aipeerity, This is part of what Senator
Coffey said in response

"Lam tired ofa few men assuming all the
wisdom and complete yuardianship of the

 

  
  

 

Democracy in. this county. We demand
an open door through which all
Demoerats may have a say in party
matters, a return to direct election district
representation. in political committees and
conventions, The duty should be faced of
finding out if Demoerats are s0 false to
the faith that should be in them = as
to tolerate misguiding leaders, those par-

venues of politics whose blood courses faster
at the amile of the moneyed kings and the sub-
stantial flatteries of corporate influence than
iftouched by the throt bing heart of the great
Demoeratic hosts of thiseounty, to whose blind
submission in the past they owe their every.
thing, their all.’

First Rowery.

Organ Recital on the

fifty years ago, and many since, have predicted | “Blest Bo the Tie that

MARCH 2, 1900.

BEECHER FEUD IS OVER.

PLYMOUTH JOINS WITH DR. STORRS’S
CHURCH IN LENTEN SERVICES,

Meeting Last Night in Church of the Pil-
grims Addressed by the Rev. Dr, Hillis
Rev, Mr, Byington to Speak in Plymouth
To-night ~Message From Dr, Storrs.

The hymn “Blost Be the Tie That Hinds”
was sung with fervor at the first lenten service’
in the Congregational Church of the Pilgrima,
Remsen and Henry streets, Brooklyn, lust
night, and it had much significances from the
fact that the meeting marked the restoration
of harmony and good fellowship between the
Churen ofthe Pilgrims and Plymouth Chureh,
Fon over a «quarter of a century the
Kev. Dr. Richard Salter Storrs, pastor of
the Church of the Pilgrims, was regarded
as the champion of the anti-Plymouth
Chureh views on matters of Congr gational
law, At the time of the Beecher scandal there
arose adifference of opinion regarding certain
denominational laws, and this resulted in a
great Congregational council which was held
in Plymouth Chureh, After that there was
a spirit of antagonism between the two
churches, and Henry Ward Beecher and the
Key, Dr, Storrs were never again on friendly

 

 

terms, Two Congregational associations
were organized and Plymouth Church
joined one, while the Church of
the Pilgrims became affiliated with the

other. These two associations were amalga-
mated several years ago, but the antagonism be-
tween the churches continued until reeently,
and it was the Rey. Dr, Storrs, now pastor
emeritus of the Chureh of the Pilgrims, who
made the first advances,

When the Rey, Dr. Len G. Broughton was
leading revival meetings in Brooklyn a few
weeks ugo hoe said that the great trouble in the
church was due tothe fact that Brooklyn had
been Beecherized, Dr. Storrs allowed himself
to be interviewed on this statement and he
spoke in praise of the work that Mr, Beecher
had done in Brooklyn and said thatit would
have been far Letter if Brooklyn had been even
more Heecherized,

When the time came to prepare for the union
Lenten services Which have been held in the
Church of the Pilgrims for fifteen years in co-
Operation with the First Presbyterian Church,
the Second Presbyterian Chureh and the Re-
formed Chureh on the Heights, it was decided
to invite Plymouth Churen to join in. This
was found to be agreeable to friends of Ply.
mouthand the arrangement was heartily in-
dorsed not only by Dr, Storrs, but also by the
Rey. Dr. Nowell Dwight Hillis, pastor of Ply-
mouth Chureh. Plymouth Church was repre-

sented at the services last night by Dr.
Hillis, the Rev, Horace Porter, associate
pastor; Frederick W, Hinrichs, Benjamin

1. Klairand many members, Ths Rey, BE. H.
Byington, assistant pastor of the Chureh of the
Pilgrims, presided rhe lecture room was
crowded, Mr. Byington began the services by
asking those present to unite in singing
Binds.”
selection was Instantly

cance of this ap-

preeiated

Then Mr. Byington said he had received a)

letter from Dr. Storrs in which the aged pastor

' wrote that owing to his iilness and the inclem-

About one hundred persena attends! at the |

,

    
  

Jowery mission yesterday afternoon the first
organ recital ever given on the Bowery the
ora nistwas Vietor H. Benke, wt ve veors
Ago drifted into the mission a ragged tromp |
and volunteering to pluy the plano inthe ab-
senee Of the expected paniet soblsequentty
beeanne converted through the intluenees of
the mission vatorday's reoital was performed
upon @ large pipe orgie formerly used at
Princeton University, The mission is at 35
Bowery

Congressman Faris Withdraws.

   

 

Tenne Waree, Tod, Maren neressman
Faria who until t tv had been a esodidate
for the fourth te from the Lifth Congress
distriet, las lw fore) of be Collector
of Internal Us nue tle says “
mbes ' witlitrawial that | loos 8a
fort y ie sliniumchcon ta. tk I
Withiiews Vore ' 4 a wt rm
een ‘ fiore fre " \ y Whiet
hie Was thie " hina 4 Pesci
rote ins "| ' ' ater
oos Shey ¥a vith iitoe, thi
pow that Sir Paris bas wat

Fe re ea cee ens cee ee TT,

SARATOGA

  

 mrondack
Water =

 

Lottled ne it hows from the famone
a apring At Sarstova nil shipped tos Py
Te New York, tresh every by, this Paton

Ty ereat natural alth agort is tow
brought to yor he idea! table water.

The Arondack Spring, 1362 Broadway.

  
  

ent weather it would be impossible for him
to attend the services, but he hoped the prese-
ent series of meetings would be memorably
successafu

“Dr. Storra said to me to-day,” said Mr. By-
ington, “that he wanted metoextend a wel-
come to Plymouth Church, its pastor and its
people.” Thea, turning to Dr, Hillis, Mr. By-
ington added

“Dr. storrs sald he wanted me present to
you, sir, bis affectionate regards and to say
that he had learne| to honor and love you
since you had come to Brooklyn, He desired
me also to extend bis affectionate regards to
the people of Plymouth Chareh.”

tha Duty of the Chureh to the Commu-

 

 

ity,” was the subjec discussion, and Dr,
Hillis wasealled upon to make the principal
address, In beginning, he said thatthe Board

of Deacons of Piymouth Church and the Com-
mittee on Chureh O:ders had received the ine
vitaton asking Pivmouth to unite with the
other churebes on the Heights in the Lenten
services, und that they hal unanimously ac-
cepted it

“And we will bold a series of meetings, too,”
he said, “at Plymouth Church on Friday
nights. The first will be to-morrow, and the
Rev, Mr. Byington will lead in the discus-
sion,
Dr Hillisthen took up the subject. of the
evening. “Dr. Storrs,” said he, “has performed
great and good work in the fleld of Christianity

 

and it has borne fruit think no other has
exceeded him, unless it be our aseended
Kijah from PiymouthChureh. They have stood
for ve, for e@harity, for sympathy and for
brotherhood.’

Frederics W. Hinrichs also made a few re-
marks, and after the benedietion Dr, Hillis
Was introluced tothe members of the Chureh

ofthe Bilgrims and conwratulations were ex-
changed. The Lenten servies at the Church of
the Pilgrinis next Thursday will be led by the
Rev. Dr. L. Mason Clarke of the First Presby-
terian Church, the subject being “The Duty of
the Community to the Church,”

 

RESCUED FROW Te FILIPINOS,
Marines Find 500 Spaniards and Ten
Americans on the south Coast of Luzon,
Specral Cable Despiter to Tar BoN

Mawnita, Mareh 1,—As a result of information
brought bere by a boatload of Spanish prison-
ers who eseaped from the insurgents, the
transport Alava with fifty marines from the
cruiser Brooklyn was sent to the Gulfof Ragai
on the south coast of Luzon and the troops
succeeded in rescuing 500 Spanish prisoners
andten Amoricans,

One hundred bandits, asthe rebels are now
called, surprised ten men of the Third Cavalry
at Namacpacan, in the province of La Unton,
north Luzon last Monday. They killed one of
the cavalrymen and captured the horses and a
supply train, Troops are now hunting a gang
of $00 of these bandits in the mountains,

Yesterday twenty-five bandits crossed the
Pasig at Maudaloyan and raided Santa Ana,
which is only four miles from Manila, They
were dispersed by the residents of the town.

Brig.-Gien, Funston recently marched a forea
from San Isidro to Baler, the seene of Lieut,
Gillmore’s capture, forthe purpose of garrison-
ing that place, He returned to Manila to-day
by water and reports everything quiet along
the east coast.

 

ORDER IN COLOMBIA,

Government Reports That the Revolution
Is Now Contined to Cacuta,
Special Calle Despa'ch to Tar Sr,

Conos, Colombia, Mareh 1,—An official bul-
letin was Issued to-day stating that the States
of Antioquia and Tolima have been quieted
The revolution is now confined to Cacuta,
Government forces are occupying Pamplona
an) Salazar.

RVSTORING

The bulletin adds that genera! conditions
throughout the Republic are good,

PURE AT THE CRLUSOT WORKS,
The Gun Shops Were Saved but the Loss Ia
About §200,000,

Special Cab espath ts TAR so
Pants, More’ 1.- There wasa big fire at the
Crensot works at Le Crecsot last night, The
loss is aly 1,090,000 franes, ‘he gun shops

were saved

First Lafayette Dollar for Loubet,

 

 

Special Cable despavhto THe SUN
Pants, March J.—The ceremony of the pres-
entation of the flrse Lafayette dollar sent by
President MeKiniey to President Loubet will
take place on Saturday Mr. Frank J. Thomp-
eon, me of the Latayette Monument
Committee, willinake the presentation

Panama Canal for ipany'’s Interests,

p ' pa »> Tur Ses
' ~ Marehd Phe Solr vinounees that
M. Hut the engineer of the new Panama
Cann uD ny, is wens to erica to look
tothe possibility ofthe Nicaragua Canal being
built

   

ca wape to Tur Sus
Havin, Mareh 1 rr Tonite stutes aux.
iliaey craiser Prairie passed bere to-day on her
way to Houen
fo Move Brooklyn Potice Headquarters,
Phe Polee Comin yers deciled yesterday
to move the Brook Polos Heahioartegs
from the thicd tMeor the Munieten: Buriiegg
to pibisineth ret fhe present quarters, itis
} maid, wie foe @row | , resn ution was
ajopted asking the sinking Pood Cogunis-
siovers to leased the smith street building at

|

aw yearly rental of $5,200, The building was
formerly a telephone exchange,

 

‘

The signifi- |

 

 

 

HERDLAR, PU.D.,

 

A SUICIDE,

 

Tavght Language at Princeton a Few
Years Ago,

Alexander William Herdler, Ph. D., formerly
assistant professor of languages at Princeton
University, was found dead in the woods tn
Bronx Park on Wednesday night by a police.
man, Hia mouth was badly burned and it was
decided atthe Fordham Morgue that he had
committed auleide by taking earbolie
There wereafew pennics and a trunk key
but no papers in his pockets,
of 27 Avenue B identified him,

Herdiar, he sald, was 3 yeara old and an
Austrian, and came to this country in TSK,
He got a place in the Trinity Sehool m
thia city, but shortly afterward accepted a
call to Princeton. He did very well at Prince.
ton, but was told there that ff he could
secure a degree of Doctor of Philosophy, he
could do much better. So he went to
Germany to atudy for the degree
He got nia degree at the University
of Fretburg in July, 807. He used up all of
his savings, and when he returned here in the
fail of 1897 he was practically penniless. He
was full of hope, however, and expected to se-
cure a good place, He spoke six languages
fluently, Italian, French, Spanish, German,
Russian and English, He had bad luck,
however, and was in straits when
he got a small place in a sehool in

Tarrytown, He kept this a few months and
then after several weeks of idleness was em-
pored ina Jewish school in Seventieth street
orlessthanamonth. After that he was un-
ableto get angthing to do

Last weok, according to Freese, Herdler read
an advertisement for a teacher of languages at
445 Lenox avenue, He went there, andl told
Freese afterward that be saw a woman who
snid she Was about to start aschool and would
hire him,but he must pay her $50 first. Herdler
borrowed $10 from Freese on this account
The school never opened, however, and Herdler
became desperate,

lor several days the Freeses had seen noth-
ing of him, but on Wednesday morning Freess
gota letter from him in which Herdier said
that he was tired of being a burden on his
friends and had made up his mind to kill him-s
self. He inclosed another letter which he hat
Written tothe Surrogate, making Freese tho
heirtoall his property, whieh he stated con-

sisted of his trunk at 455 Lenox ave-
nue and his interest in a patent
on a new game for children. Freese went to

the Lenox avenue house on Wednesday, he
says, but the woman in charge refused to let
hin in. He appealed tothe police and they got
himin. He found Herdler’s trank, but there
was nothing in tt of any value so he explained
tothe police about the letter and then went
home When he got home he found a postal
eard which bad been mailed that day atStation
fe It was from Herdier and was a final good-
v

Freese heard yesterday of the Bronx Park
suicide and went uptosee the body, He will
see that it has a decent burial. When a Sux
reporter went to the Lenox avenue house last
night he could get no response to knocks at
the door, A neighbor said that a woman had
tted up the place asa kindergarten a month
ago,but that the school had never been opened

PRINCETON, N. J. March 1.—Alexander
William Herdler was instructor in French in
the John C. Green Sehool of Science of Prince-
ton University from T8038 to 1a. He was a
linguist of marked accomplishments While
he was here his Jife was irreproach-
able and he was received into the
best society in Princeton, but he
always manifested a morose temperament. He
was an Austrian Pole of medium height, with
black eyes and tlaeck beard. Nothing is known
here of his fanily, He was unmarried,

 

JOHN WILLARD ADAMS A_ SUICIDE,
Shoots Himself in uw Saloon—Had Been Ill
Recently.

John Willar!} Adams, an architect and

builder, shot himself yesterday afternoon inthe

buck room of a saloon at 100 West Fifty-ninth
street, The bullet entered his right temple
and he died instantly. He leaves a widow and
two children,

Adams superintended the construction of
the Grand Union Railway station in St. Louls
in 1805, Since then he has been in business
in the Townsend Building here. He was
a member of the firm of Adams & Hopkins,
formerly Thompson & Adams. He livedat 14
Vest Ninetieth street. He had been in ill
health recently,

OBITUARY,

James Harding Frothingham died yesterday
at his home, 214 St. James place, Brooklyn,
of pneumonia. He was bern at Salem, Mass,
in 1833 and had lived in Brooklyn for sixty years
In early life he engaged in the shipping business
and for many years he was @ member of the firm

of Howland & Frothingham. After retiring he
became treasurer of the hings County Elevated
Ratlroad and later was appointed receiver of the
property, He was one of the original promoters
of the road and assisted in its reorganization
when it became part of the Brooklyn Rapid Tran
sit Company. He was a director of the Brooklyn
Library and President of the board of Directors
of the Brooklyn Hospital. A widow and three
sons survive him,

Clarence Falwin Beebe, M. D., died yesterday
at his home, 3 West Thirty seventh street, He
was 35 vears old and was the youngest son of the
late William J. Beebe, He had gained reputation
as an expert in nose and ear diseases and had a
large practice, For a number of years he was
4& member of the Ninth Company of the Seventh
Regiment and at the time of his death he was
the Assistant Surgeon of the Seventh Regiment
Vetorans, The funeral will be at the house to
mortow afternoon, Dr, Heebe was a Yale man
and a member of the Yale Club and the Yale
Alumni Association, He was also a member
of the Psi Upsilon fraternity. His wife, who
survives him, Was Maria Louise White,

Judge Lucian Adams, aged 80 years, and
for half a century prominent in Louisiana
polities, died yesterday in New Orleans, Ho
was anitive of the city and in 1850 was the
leader of the Know-Nothing or _ native
American party and commanded — the
foree which besieged the State arsenal
at Jackson Square in 1850 and drove back the
citizens under the command of Gen, Beaure-
gard. Hewas Recorder for many years, held
several offices under the Republicans and in
lxR4 was appointed Chief of Police of New Or-
leana,

Magdalene Van Rensselaer Witheck Genet
died at Tarrytown on Wedesday night in hera
eighty eighth year, Mrs. Genet was the widow
of Edward J. Genet and the last of the Witheck
family who came to Albany from Holland, She
was born at Greenbush, Rensselaer county, in
18138, and was the daughter of Abram Witheck
and Harriet Van Rennselaer, Her grandfather
was Col, Nicholas Van Rensselaer of the Revolu
tionary Army. Her husband was the
Citizen Genet, the first French Minister to America.

The Rey, Edward Cushing Mitchell, D. D,
President of Leland University, died in New
Orleans on Wednesday night, Dr. Leland was
7) years old and a native of Dridwewater, Mase
He was” married twice Hjs firat
wife was Af niece of Vice-President
Morton, by whom he leaves three children, a
son and daughter living in) Boston and
another son now in Paria. His second wife

ne Miss Savage,the former lady principal of
the senool,

Edward Indig, who has been in the grocery
business in Manhattan and Brooklwn since jis
arrival from Germany in 1548 died on Tuesday
of apoplesy at his home, 162 Sixth avenue, Pronk
lyn tle was 4 trustee of the Hebrew Orphan
Asylum, a member of the Hebrew Benevolent
Society of the Order of Wnai Brith and of Mon
tauk Couneil, Royal Areanum He leaves tw
and three daughters

William Lamb died at his home, 122 West
Twentieth street, jast night of pneumonia,
He was years old. He was prominent as
a volunteer fireman and ran with old Engine

son oof

 

sons

o5) 6When the volunteer department went
out of existence, Lamb was the deputy
ehief He jomned the paid department

anduntil nine years ago Was assistant super.
intendent of repairs

   

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

William Wateon, who was a United Stat
Assistant Distriet Attorney here from 184:
1845, died on Wednesday et bis home, 244 ce
ark West, from injuries received two woe
be falling from a ¢ ir which he was using a
tepladder He was bor oie Hartford in ise
and was graduated m \ in 1828.

Howard Perry, for severa year ater
in the Departwent of duet tl more pre
Chief of the Divi { Nee teof that dey
ment, cled on Wwe elas wit { nis hon
in Wasiington affer ar , f three mont
Mr Perry w rr New Jersey 48
ver r

The Re James Midwooter Freeman, po pp
for thirty vears ana teed faliot {

ist Sunday ! anid church publiea
dio bon Tuesday | ' At Morr
No Dr Fee ‘ revel

The Kev boule h rector ofiSt
Moni Roman re dar
> | ' ri the par t villowe we
a n ingot 4s | roiMe
wis i yeor id

Joseph Strauss, a mere mn mein is
city andin many S ' ¢ it his home,
1442 West Seventy first Wednesdas
aftfr a brief illnes I! per in Bavaria
WD vears age

Phe Rev Dd ¢ Iweil Mi 1), rector eres
tus of Lonmantel Prote ta ' pal Chie
i Yhiladelp oui it hor ves
ter ain his ete :

Mrs. il onard Geten mbt jos tet,

Inthe Sapreme Courtin t ‘ este da
Mre_ielilian Onard ot ed a \ c

1 $12,700 10 her sate te recover S25.000 damages
trom the Brooklyn Heights Kacroad Company |
for injuries. | She was knovked down by a |

olley car on Rogersavenue ou Juny 7, 180, |

Edward Preese |

 

 

 

       

Feast

and

Festival

Ey custom the gues! must have
the best, and the purest type of
the purest whiskey is

Hunter
Baltimore

Rye

Where hospitality
's dispensed in Ban-
quet Halls or Home
Feasts it will grace
the table and enrich
the sideboard,

é It is the
Teas

MPTEN TT Gobi AMERICAN
eae GENTLEMAN'S
WHISKEY.

A.B. HART 4 FRANK MORA, Representatives,
ss, William St., New York, N.Y

PENNSYLVANIA

RAILROAD PERSQS AGU CreD

TOURS.
FLORIDA.

March 6, 1900,
Tickets are valil for return until May 31, 1¥00,
by regular trains,
TWO WEEKS IN THE TROPICS.

RATE 850.00 from NEW YORK,
9 $45.00 from PHILADE

 
      
     
     
           
         
     
       
   
     

  

 

PRIA,

Old Pt. Comfort,
Richmond, and
Washineton.

March 3 and 31. April 14 and 28, 1900,

RAT B44.00 tr NEW YORK,
6 891.00 from PHILADELPHIA,

WASHINCTON

Mareh 15, April 10.) May 3, 1900,

RAT $14.50 from SEW Vo
1810.50 from PHILADELPATA,

  

   
    

Fordetaile} itine anes and full information,
ippivet Tieket Avents; Tourist Agent, Lind
broaiway, New York, or address @ W. Boyd,

tGen'l Pass, Avent, Philalelphia

J, Bo HUTCHINSON

1k WoOoD,
mneral Manaser

(eon t Pass, Ageat.

  

   

 

Modern Plumbing

A BEAUTIFU_ BATH ROOM.

 

A visit to our Show Rooms is a libs
eral education for all those interested
in securing proper appliances for what
is now considered the most important
room in a modern house.

THE J. L. MOTT IRON WORKS,
84-90 Beekman Street,
103 Fifth Ave.

Established 1828.

 

Because Our
Furniture Is

to he so very well made,

many people imagine that our

prices must be extravagantly high,

Not so. True, we haven't any Cheap Fure
niture. Moderately High Prices prevail.

And every dollar of cost goes for better

wood, for better work, for greater excellence
—for economy rather than extravagance.

Schmitt Brothers,

Two § Cor, 25th St. & 4th Ave, | Two
Stores. ( 40 East 23d St. ) Stores

NEW ENROLMENT 10,000,

hown

 

Mostly Republlican—Goodwin Men Said te
Have stolen March on Sheehan,

The clerks in the Bureau of FE eetions come
pleted vesterday the count of the supplemene

tary enrolment whieh expired on Wednesday
The total number of new names added tothe
rolls in Febroary was about 10,000, Of these
503 were added by the Goodwin-Smith faction
of Tammany in the Ninth Assembly distriet,
where they came within 150 vores of defeating
the Hon, John ©. Sheenhan in September

Col, Abraham Gruber add HOO nanes to
the already big Republican enrolment in the
Twenty-first

Two-thirds of the
Republicans

 

 

men newly enrolled are

THREW A RUNAWAY HORSE,

Bicycle Policeman Stopped the Team, bat
He's in the Hospital,

Bierele Polieeisan G

last night saw a pair

brougham running
Seventy-second

ney on his wav home
of horses attached toa

away on Broadway at
Gibney sprang atthe

street

 

 

head of one horse and managed to throw the
mimal The pole of th rousham snapped,
This stopped the runaway, but the other horse
kicked Gibney inthe Knee, injucing him badly,
He was taken to Roosevelt Hospital, Noone

 

was inside the brougham

Killed Her Baby Because It Was Cross-Fyed,
SELMA, Ala. March 1—Mrs

Weiletoedo farmer living at
uoty, has killed her six-weaks-old baby bee

“se it Was eross-eye dl, She saves she gave it

two big doses of kerosene, ond as itdid not die,
samothere bitte death with pillows, singing

ho did soin order to drown its erias,

Roy, wife off—
Rosebud, Wileog

 

while s

DINNER.
COMPLETE
WITHOUT f

 

 

j
\
|
i
| {

—.