*9

he

he
a“
bid
ey
to
bt,
as
he
he
as
d,
ile
e.’

ou
V-

in

ith
it-
Bsa
e;
Daa
ee
ne
le

nm
‘I

ts
oft
ta
by
rs

aoe

tJ anes @

ne
‘ae

  

   
     

———$——

THE REVISED GOLF RULES.

INTERPKETATIONS ON THE NEW ST,
ANDREWS CODE BY THE U, 8, G. A,

 

Hereafter It Is Not Permissible to Ground
the Club on Turf in a Hazard-A Defini-
tion of Bogey Competitions — About
the Fox Hills Links on Staten Island,

Printer'’s proofs of tho revised St. Andrews
rules, which are now in foree to govern the
game in this country, were struck off yester-
day and sent outto the Executive Committee
by K. Bage Kerr, the U. 8. G, A. secretary,
They contained the interpretations made to
auit the game in this country by the commit- |
tee, Messrs, Curtis, Macdonald and Coats, Tho |
one fault, if one may be found in the revised |
rules, ig that while condensing the old rules |

|
|

!

the new code ts still too verbose. Tha com-
mittee has aimed to correct this fault and in
most instances it has succeeded in so doing,
Taking up the flrat of the new rules, concern-
ing the definition of the game, the committee
has pointed out the difference between match
and medal play, and then the official definition
of bogey play is furnished in these terms:

“Col. Bogey” is an imaginary opponent, against
whose arbitrary score each competitor plays by
holes; otherwise bogey competitions are governed
by the special rules for stroke competitions, exoeps
that a competitor loses the hole:

When his ball is lost;

When bis bail is not played where it Iles except as
otherwise provided for in the rules,

This brief synopsis takes the place of acode
of some twenty rules recently promulgated bya
London golf paper. Nothing in regard to thie
form of competition is mentioned in the re-
vised St. Andrews rules.

In regard to Section E of the first rule, detin-
ing a hazard, the U.S, G. A. rules that “any
permanent obstruction of the course shall be a
hazard,”

The addendum to Rule 2 is that the penalty
for playing a ball outside ofthe limits of the tee.
ing ground {s thatin match play the ball may
be at once recalled by the opponents, no stroke
being counted for the misplay, butin medal
play it entaile disqualification,

The addendum to Rule 3 {s that if the ball
move while the plaver is making his upward
or downward swinga penalty is only incurred
if the player {a deemed to have caused it to
move, in which case the penalty shall be the |
loss of a stroke either at match or medal play. |

Rule 10, regarding the movement of any |
loose impediment, ts softened in the interpre- |

|
'

 

tation to the loss of one stroke at either match
or medal play, instead of loss of hole for tha
first, or of two strokes in the second instance,
but if through the green, if the loose imp edi-
ment {8 more than a club’s length from the
ball, the penalties follow tha revised code. |
An exception to Rule 11 is that if a bali lie on |

!

or within aclub length of a drain. cover, water
pipe or hydrant, it may be lifted and dropped
without penalty as near 48 posalble to the place |
where it lay, but not nearer the hole |

Kule 13, concerning the play at a ball ina |
hazard, follows the penalties imposed in the |
revised coda, in match-play loss of the hole, tn |
medal play loss of two strokes, It is by this in-
terpretation nolonger permissible to ground
the clubonturfina hazard. That there may
be no doubt on this question, the rule andthe
U.S. G. A. ruling are printed:

1% When a ball ites in or tonchee a hazard,
pothing shall be done to improve its lie; the club
shall not touch the ground, oor shall anything be
touched or moved before the player strikes at the
ball, subject to the following exceptions: (1) The
player may place hia feet firmly on the ground for
the purposeof addressing the ball; (2) In addressing
the ball. or in the upward or downward swing, any
qrass, bent, whip, or other vrowing substance,
or the side of a bunker, wall, paling, or other
mimovable obstacle may be touched; (5) Steps or
olenks placed in @ hazaAl by ihe Green Committee
‘or access to or egress from sueh hazard may be re-
moved, and if a ball be moved tn #0 doing, it may he
replaced without penalty; 4) Any loose impedi-
menta may be removed from the putting-vreen; (")
The player shall be entitled to tnd hts ball as pro
vided for by Rule 80. The penalty fora breach of
this rule shall be the loss of the hole

Penalty—In match play, loss of the hole, In medal
play, two etrokes,

An addendum to Rule 15 is thatifthe water in
arecoguized water hazard overtiow its usual
boundaries the overflowed portion of the
course shall be considered as part of the
hazard, and not as casual water,

Under Rule 16, ifa ball be not dropped in
accordance with the rule, the U, 8, G. A. de.
cides that at match play the opponent may call
forthe plaverto drop again; if the request be
not complied with, the player shall Josa the
hole, but in medal play the ball must be
Cropped again or the competitor be dis-
qualified.

In the other rules the penalties follow those
of the revised code, the interpretations being
mostly of the explanatory order. No newrules
are framed to cover potnts omitted in the res
vised code, asin regard to taking mud off a
ballin play. Such matters, in the proper spirit
ofthe game, are left at match play tothe mus
tua! understanding between the competitors,

A point changed in medal play is that here-
after on the morning of a stroke competition a

layer may not play onto the putting green,

ormerly, sotuathe did not practise putting
or hole out, a player might play approach shots
to the putting green,

 

Rumors are active in golfing circles concern-
ing the future ot the Fox Hills links, laid out
last season by the Staten Island Baseball and
Cricket Club. The club is now In financial dif.
ficulties and it seems doubttul if the course will
be reopened under the former management.
The New York A. C. was for atime a bid-
der for the grounds on the Jease, but this
prorat has fallen through from the disinclina-
ion of the Executive Committee to undertake
the control of three clubhouses, which is what
the new move would mean. Moreover, the
New York A. C.. believes that when the
new public links is laid out on Hunter's Ialand
its members will have ample facilities for golf
on the public course. Anotherand more tangi-
ble project for the future of the Fox Hills
course is the offer from two well-known ama-
teurs to the Staten Island Cricket and Baseball
Club to lease the links and conduct it a3 a pub-
lie course, open to all who care to play ata
fixed rate each day. If this offer is accepted,
the promoters will maintain tne club as a pro-
Prietary one, and the idea will be to make the
lace an attractive resort for the holiday-aeaek-
ng golfer who may or may not bea member of
a regularly conducted club,

Nassau, March 1,—The annual golf tourna-
ment opened here to-day under favorable aus-
pices. There were thirty entries to qualify for
first and second divisions, The links arein
fair condition, The first eight were 8. 8,

yroque.G@ MeK, Brown, FE, C, Croeker and
Messrs, Bullard, Brigham, Taylor, Boise and
Gross, The second eight were Messrs, CT,
Garland, L. Ry Marshall, Smith, Sehenek. John-
fon and Gray, The latter won the Qualifica-
fon sup,

Miami, March 1.—A well-contested foursome
was played on the linka of the Country Club
here to-day, in which Miss Florenee Stoddard
@Qnd W.YV. Hoare defeated Miss Pauline Platt
and J. W. Stoddard by 2. up and 1 to play, after
allowing seven bisque to their opponents All
aramembers of the Dayton Golf Club. Miss
Stotdard did fine execution on the greens. EF,
F. Southerland of Lakewood. defeated H. L,
Harmon of the Kansas City Country Clubina
match over eighteen holes, George D. Hunting
defeated Mrs, H. L. Harmon in asimilar match
by ] up.

 

 

St, AUGUSTINE, March 1.—In tho semi-finals
of the handicap tournament played on the
links ofthe St. Augustine Golf Club this morn.
ing, Watson, Jr., beat MefLain by Sup and 4to
play, and Sumner beat Dulle by Sup and 38to
Ray In the final Watson, Jr, beat Sumner by

up and 2to play, winning the Warden cun,
Sumnercantured the runner up cup, Inthe
final for the Consolation. cum Seott beat Mac-
ComasS down. Atwo days’ tournament will
begin onthe links of the St. Angustineelub to-
morrow morning for five handsome cups,

JacKSONVILER, March 1.--Much interest was
exeited toenight atthe St. James Hotel here by
the visiting goif experts, by the arrival of Harry
Vardon, the English champion, from his vies
torjes down the Fast coast He ison his way
to New York, stopping on the way inthe Caro-

nas fora week orso, Vardon was rather ret.

centas fo the contests at St. Augustine and
other points, but confessed that he waa now to
sandy” links, and that was aomething that he
eould not master in afew days. Asa whole he
thought the links at St. Augustine, Palm Beach
and Tampa compared favorably with those at
many Northern points He had met good
players, and above all he expressed himaeif as
Stehly pleased over the aportsmantike spirit tn
which hia opponents met him, He was treated
royally and had enjoyed his trip wel!

Brooklyn May Get a Speedway.

Acommittes headed by Chairman Clark of
the Pleasure Drivers’ Association of Brooklyn
allied upon Park Commissioner Brower yester-
fay at his offlee in the Municipal Building tn
relation to the proposed Brooklyn Speedway,
Che latter told the committee of his interest
ia tho matter and said that he would ascertain
its cost through the estimates of the Park De-
partment, He further stated that as quickly
isthe money available for the purpose could
be procured he would have the department
‘Neineers prepare plana forthe proposed drive
way. The road willrun from kighteenth ave-
nue to the Kings Highway, and the natural ad-
vantages of the site will make it cheap to con.
struct and lasting in its wear. The new method
of crude petroleum to sprinkle it may be tried,
It is said to make the road waterproof and
dustiess and that it is made decidedly more
Wearable than by the usual mavilods om ployed,

 

NEWS OF THE HARNESS HORSES,

 

Gen. B, F, Tracy to Give a $1,000 Purse for
Trotters at Goshen.

Gen. B. F. Tracy has joined E. H. Harriman,
ex-Senator John McCarty and W, A. Lawrence
in giving encouragement to the breeding of
fine horses in Orange county, and has offered
4 purse of $1,000 to be trotted forat the Goshen
meeting in the Orange County Circuit next
August. The purso ig for trottors eligible to
the 2:30 class and isto be known asthe Marsh-
land Farm Purse. Entries in all of the early-
closing raves at Goshen will close on May 1,
Among thoother purse races to close shortly

| before the meeting will be one for three-yoar-

old trotters of the 2:40 class. This race is
counted on to bring together a lot of green
three-year-olds from the breeding farms of
Orange county, where many promising young-
sters are owned, There will be no race for
two-year-olds at Goshen this year, the consen-
8us of opinion being that such races are rather
an injury than a help to the horse-breeding
interest

By the way of drawing attention to the merits
ofthe hackneyized trotter as a high-stepper
the Atlantic Transport Line has offered a sil-

vor cup of eighty-eight ounces to be awarded |

atthe Royal Horse Show at Richmond. Pug-

land, to the best American-bred harness horse
imported {nto England before June &, 100
The cup is a handsome trophy, ornamented
with a bas-reliet portrait of » Elkins’s
noted high-stepper, Red Cloud, winner of the
championship at the last National Horse Show.

One of the notable transactions of the winter
season in the uptown horse market was the
purchase the other day by ©. H, Halcom,
@ Syracuse horse fancier, of the hackneyizet
tretting team, Rad Ink, 2:22's, and Red Bud,
from Strauss & Hexter of this city. The horses
are red cheatnuts in color, just under 15.2
hands {n height, and are matched to a hair
With all the quality and style and action for
which the trotting-bred high-stepper is noted,
It is said that upward of $5,000 was paid for
the showy pair. Before Mr. Halcomb puts them
into active service he is going to exhibit them
inthe showring,. Sam Hexter Is now fitting
the sorre! beauties for their first bow in public
at the New York spring Horse Show this
moath, ae

The ninth annual exhibition at Durland’s is
announced to take place on the evenings of
March 28, 2,30 and SL, There are twenty-
elght classes on the prize list, all but two of
which classes are to be confined to amateur 6x-
hibitors, dealera being barred. While thia de-
parture is expected to stimulate competition
among the non-professionala, it will operate to
shut out some of the leading exhibitors of
former years, C, F. Bates, Strausa & Hoexter,
John Arthur and J, F. Gibson among the rest.
Just one-half of all the classes are for harness
horses of the Park type, to be shovwnin singis
and double harness, tandem and four-in-hand,
making @ varied and attractive programme,
H. K. Hiondgood and George B. Hulme are to
be the judges in this division of the show,
George C. Clausen, President of the Park

) Board, will tie the ribbons in the clusses for

saddle horses. WW. Stanton Flifott is to judge
the hunters and jumpers. Entries for the show
will close on Saturday, March 17,

Owing to the objections fled with the Board
of Directors of the Agricultural Society of
Queens and Nassau Counties, several changes

| have been made in the progranime forthe an-
} nual spring exhibition, the most notabla one

being thie announcement: “That the bicveie
event run off on the second day will be dropped
from the programme unless there |[s such pres-
sure brought to bear on the board that if can.
not resist.” The harness racing programme
follows:

Firat Day, June 20.—Purse. $150, 8100 claas, open
only to horses owned or bred in the countios of
Queens or Nassau; puree $150, 2:40 Clasa, trotuing
purse $500, 2:25 Class, tros@ug, purse 8400, 2:20
Claas, pacing,

Second Day, June 21,—Puree $200, 2.50 Clasa,
pacing, purse 8200, 2:80 Cle trotting; purse $10)
220 Clasa, trotting; purse $40). free for all, trotting
aud pacing.

Entries will close on Jane 9, with Thomas H,
Bacon. Jericho, L. 1.

 

David Bonner Buys Young Kentucky Trot-
ters.

Lextxoton, March 1.—Mr. David Bonner of
New York has bought of H. M. Asher of this
city nine head of first-class yearling and two-
year-old colts and fillies, by Baron Review and
Alfred G,, out of mares by George Wilkes and
Happy Medium, Mr. Bonner says he bas been
coming to Kentucky onea or twice a year since
1800, has ridden all over the Blue Grass region
never carried a revolver, and further says that
tor him Kentucky is one of the safest States in
the Union.

Racing at New Orleans,

New Orikans, Merch 1.--There was a big
falling off in the attendance at the track this
afternoon. This is due tothe regulars resting
up after the Carnival dissipations. The day's
feature wasasixfurlong handicap and it re-
sulted in a geauine surprise, the winner turns
ing up in Lord Fairfax, who went to the post
at 20 to 1. Both Trillo and Jim Gore, the
favorites, had no speed at all. Going tothe
post Trillo was #0 sore that he could hardly
walk. He was ten lengths behind the bunch
all the way. Lord Fairfax got away running

and although eropplng fast on the end lasted
long enough to beat Sir Blaze bya length,
summaries:

First Race—Three-year olds and upward; one mile
—The Slusgard, 100 (McJoynt), » to 6 and 1 to 2,
wou; Miss Dede, 06 (Michaela), 6 to 1 place, second;
Sir Fitzhugh, 100 (Mitchell), third, Time, 1:46,

Second Kace—Selling; two-year olds; four fur-
lonva—Ben Magen, 108 (Mitchell), 2 to land 4to 5,
wou; Wild Pirate, 104 (MoJoynt,, 2 to 1 place, sec-
ond; Zack Ford, 118 (Shaw), third, Timea, 0.00%.

Third Race--Selling; four-year olds aud upward;
one and one-eighth miles—Culraassier, 102) Mitchell,
12 to land 5 to 1, won; King Elkwood, #4 Suaw, 4
to Gplace, second; Shinfane, 103 (Tully), third,
Time, 1:58.

Fourth Race—Handicap; three-year-olds and up-
ward; aix furlongs-—Lord Fairfax, v8 (Rose), 20 to
land to 1, won; Bie Blaise, HO | Weber),
place, second; Tom Collins, 43 (Tully), third

 

 

 

 

ato bo
Time,

1:18,

Fifth Race—selling; four-year-olds and upward;
seven furlongs*Domozetta, 110 (Hothersell), to
and 2to J, won; Palarm, 109 Jones), 3 to 1 place,
second; Zolo, 112 (Moody), third. Time, 1:30,

Sixth Kace—Selling; four-year-olds and upward;
one mile and one-eighth—Admetus, 108 (Winteld,
4toland7to5, won; Jimp, 110 ‘Boland, 7 to 10
place, second; Rusbfields, 109 Shaw), third. Time,
1:58.

The programme for to-morrow follows:

First Race—One mile; selling—Right Bower, Wed
ding Guest. Barney F., Russell R, aud Matt simpron,
110; Sorrel Rose, Dr. Fannie, Zaza and Dithdence,
105,

Second Race—Wax and John G, Ford, 110: Balkan,
Traylor, Round O,, Postmaster Bailey and Newton
Anger, 107; Sitella, Eva Mao, Philter, Lunar, Jean
Spencer, My Chicken, Viturta and Pythia, 105

Third Race—One mile and @ sitteenth:§eelling
Koenig, 113; Protous, 112; Yuba Dam, 10%, Elsmore,
106, Can [ Bee Em, 104; ive Son, Goose Liverand
Bequeath, 108; Mias Rose, 101; Col. Eades, w),
Judge Steadman and Arqnebus, vs, Tyran, v4;
Siditilla and Bannie, v2,

Fourth Race—One mile; handicap—Andes, 115,
Prince of Veronia, #7; Chopin and Dr. Vaughan, 4;
Glenotne and Frangible, #3: Forbush, vo.

Fifth Race—Seven furlongs: selling-—Lavega, 110;
Dinornis, Jodee, Falsehood, Monometallist, Engano,
Kan Gee and The Bobby, 107; Allie Halo. Kitty G
and Statira, 106,

Sixth Race—Six furlongs and a half: selling
Agitator, 115; Sir Blaze, 121, Little’ Billy, Cotton
Plant, Wiggins and Tenole, 110; Eight Bells, Swamp
Anvel and Corialis, 108; Acushla, 100; Lovable, 15.

   
 
  

 

Turf and Field Club Elects Officers,

+ The annual meeting of the Turf and Field
Club was held yesterday afternoon at the office
of the organization, 173 Fifth avenue. The
officers elected for the ensuing year were:
President, Perry Belmont; Vice-President, S,
Howland Robbins; Secretary, Amos T. French;
Treasurer, Francis R. Apeieron. The Board of
Governors was reélected,

Hockey,

The hockey team of the New York Boys’
High School met the Erasmus Hall High
School seven of Flatbush at the Clermont Ave-
nue Ive Skating Rink in Brooklyn yesterday
afternoon direetly after the trial heats of the
Long Island Interseholastic skating races. It
was the Manhattan schoolboys’ first appear.
ance on the Brooklyn ice, and they showed up
wel], gaining a vietory over the Erasmus tear
by 2 goals to 1, ; s

The Heflley School of Commerce team of
Brooklyn added fresh laurels to its list of tri-
umpbs last nightatthe Clermont Avenue oy
Skating Rink in Brooklyn, where the team
played the “Poly Prep’ School, ehaniplons of
the Lon Island) Interscholastic Wrhletio
League Fhe score:

  

 

“Poly Prep’ 1, Hefley,
In the presence of a large crowd at the st
Nicholas Skating Rink last night the looa)
hockey team was played toa ataudstil by the
Hockey Club of New York. It wasu contest
signalized by seience, speed and a spler of
roughness, and the st. Nicholas boys, although
beaten, were by no means disgraced, Husse||
and Phillips of the winning team monopel
ized all the glory, as far as
went, the former shooting four goals and Ph
lips one, The home team mide repeat
dashes but with no success, aud after f
twenty-eminute halves the game was called, 6
to in favor of the Hoekey Club of New York
But for Haywood's clever gonl keeping for st
Nicholas the score might have beea much more
jop-sided, as several substitutes had to be
called in and their rivals naturally outelassed

them on team work.

Billiards.

 

  

 

Charlos, brother of Jacob, Schaefer and John
Daly have entered the three-cushion carrom
billiard tournament, for the championship,
which will begin in Chisago next Monday. It
has been agreed to make the games 50 pointe
instead of 100, Jake Schaefer, Carter, Capron,
Sutton and Jevue ase the other entries,

 
 

scoring |

   

IN THE BASEBALL WORLD.

WILL FREEDMAN PAY $18,000 FOR
WGRAW AND ROBINSON?

 

Local Cranks Aroused, but the Players

Have Not Been Secured Yet—More Facts

| About the Syndicates—Johnson’s Unap-
preciated Loyalty-Buck Ewing Anatous.

Thg report from Baltimore that McGraw and
| Robinson are to be transferred to the New York
Baseball Club when the League Circuit hus
been reduced to eight clubs, in exchange for a

/ cash bonus of $15,000 to be paid by Freed-
) man, has aroused local baseball enthustasts
| who aro anxious to have a winner at the Polo
| Grounds, regardless of the magnates’ squab-
While Hanlon, McGraw and Robin-

have positively denied the statement
many persons are inelined to believe
that it is true, It must not be forgot-
ten, however, that Freedman made a state-
ment recently that he would not engage
MeGraw, Robinson or any other member
of the Baltimore team under any circum
stances Whatever, Freedman declared at the
same timethat he did not care to have any
dealings with the owners of tha Brooklya-

 

| bles.
son

 

THK WHEELMEN,

 

NEWS OF

The L. A. W. Begins Sidepath Work in
Earnest.

On Wednesday night the representatives of
the second and third districts in the New York
Division of the L. A. W. were invited to meet
atthe Grand Union Hotel for the purpose of
formulating plans for better local organization.
It was uncertain what would be accomplished
and reporters were not invited, Ifthe full sig-

| nifleance of what was done was heralded far

and wide it would have been better. There
were present besides Chief Consul Belding,

| Seeretary-Treasurer W. 8. Bull, H. C. Ackerly,

Laltimore syndicate, against whom he has led |

aserics of attacks that have been surprisingly |

vindictive. Those who know Freedman say
that itis pot his policy to buy ballplayers and
they point to the fact that he has put out very
little money for new men since he took hold of
the New Yorks in 1805. Anoutlay of $15,000
for MeGraw and Robinson, while undoubtedly
& good investment, would not provide New
Yorkers with what Freedman has promised,
ateam capable of winning the championship.
| The New Yorks need three heavy-hitting out
| fielders, an extra intlelder, besides athird base-
| man and two first-class right-handed pitchers.
| It will cost Freedman considerably more than
! $15,000to secure the necessary talent, but his
friends in the League say that he has pledged
his word to spend a barre! of money for a great
ball team when his demands have been
acceded to, The situation appears to be grad-
} ually leading up to Freedman,

Here area few more interesting facts about

ayndieate ownership in the Natfonal League |

which involve the following magnates;
John PT, Brush owns the Cincinnati club of
| the National League, the [ndfanapolia club of
the American League, holds stock in the New
York club and has been accused of being Robi-
} son's baeker in the St. Louis club,
A H. Soden owns a third ofthe Boston elub,

 

| fa the
New York c.ub and is said to be the real owner
ofthe Worcester club of the Eastern League,
bly controlled by Soden’s man-

 

 

Which is ostens
ager, Frank Selee,

P.\, Abell holts 40 percent. of the stock in
the Brooklyn and Baltimore clubs, {s also a

 

minority stockholder in the New York club,
thereby being finangially interested In three
Na ague clubs at the same time,

 

te

k De Huss Robison holds a majority of
uls club and ts also the owner
ub, both of the National

Fr
stock in the st. Le
lof the Cleveland «
League
H.R. Von der Horst owns 40 percent, of the
stock in the Brooklyn and Baltimore clubs.
| Edward Hanlon and ©, H, Ebbets each holds
110 pereent. of the stock in the Brooklyn and
| Baltimore clubs
} ,A.G Spalding owns a big block of Chicago
|

 

club stock and is bellevad to still hold afew
shares of New York club stock

Livery vestige of the so-called syndicate evil

| ean be wiped out if certain magnates are sine

‘ore. By reducing the circuit to elght clubs

| Robison’s Cleveland stoek and the Baltimore

  

| holdings of Von der Horst, Abell, Hanlon and
| Phhets will be wiped out, Freedman can rid
the New York elub of Soden, Brush, Abell and

 

Spalding by purchasing their stock, while
Brush owes it tothe public to prove conclu.
sively that he ia in no way connected with th
affairaofthe St. Louis club. Bluff sales, o
course, do not count,

As Tue SUN predicted, Ban Johnson, Presi-
dent of the American League, has received
fromthe National League magnates what Is

  
 

known as “The Kiondike.” He has. been
politely informed that the American League
cannot locate a club in Chicago under the
management of Charley Comiskey or any-
body else without | bringing on. a bases
bal! war, Johnson has maintained for seve
eral months that he received from Hart, the
President of the Chicago. League club
permission to invade the Windy City, and

by other prominent. magnates he
was positively assured that Hart's promise
would be kept. Now, however, Hart says
he pever made any such promise and he is
backed up by the other moguls. Brush and
Soden say that Johnson was laboring underan
unfortunate delusion, while the other magnates
simply laugh. Johnson's loyalty, therefore, to
the National agreement while the New Ameri.
can Association promoters were at work, has
not been appreciated, But the President of the
American League should have remembered
that a written pledge signed by every elub
President in the National League at the St
Louls meeting in 180s was violated by a ma-
jority of them in short order,

also that

Buck Ewing, the prosnective manager of the
Now Yorks, is on the anxious seat these days
Buck is in Cincinnati waiting to hear some
word from Freedman. He is not in favor of
having MeGraw come here for he feels that
the Jatter would soon assume the management
of the joeal team. Ewing has not signed a
contract with the New York club and conse.
quently does not believe itis policy to talk of
the weak spots in the team, but he says, pever-
theless, that he will not undertake the manage-
ment uniess his ideas are respected, Ewin
knows that no manager can make a success i
he is hampered by meddlesome magnates,

 

Louisville May Take the Place of Detroit
in the Amertean League,

Derroir, March 1,—President Ban Johnson
of the American Baseball League left town tos
day filled with resentment toward Vanderbeck,
the local magnate, who has 80 complieated
matters that the sale of his team cannot ba
consummated, Before going, Johnson said
thatif the matter wes not straightened out by
the firatof next wed he would take_away the
Detroit franchise and give tt to Loniavilie,
His order to Stallings to sign @ team for De-
troit has been recalied” He must consult the
other membersof the League before he could
act, henee the withdrawal He says the
League directors will approve his plan totake
the team to Louisville.

 

Mike Grady Signs a Contract.

Mike Grady, the well-known catcher of the
New York team, has signed a contract for the

ensuing season, Grady has recovered from
the injury to his ankle received last fall,

Baseball Notes,

The Sullivan, Vail & Co, Baseball Club has reor
yanized for the coming season by electing William
Burton, manager, and H. F, Randolph, captain,

The Manhattan Field Club would like to book
yaines with semi-profesmional teams within B00
ules of New York, offering a suitable guarantee,
Address Jobn Nosk, 53 Monteith street, or Joseph
Jud, 166 MeKibben street, Brooklyn

The Linden A.C. wonld lke to bear from the
Brooklyn Heights A. A., Riversides, Volunteers,
Washington Heaghts A, C. and other first-class teame
for games on Saturdays and holidays at Linden,
Address R, 8, Cole, manager, P.O, box 44, Linden,
u.2

The Chadwick Baseball Club laa reoryanized for
the season, and is open to book dates with any semi-
professional toa giving 4 suitable guarantee, with
in twe ive miles of Newark, Addresa Philip
Seder, mavager, Rose and Bergen streets, Newark,
N. J

The Lowville F.C, i8 anxious to close games with
all teams within 500 miles of New York, offering
suitable inducements, Danbury, Stamford, Watsess-
ing, Tarrytown and Hollywood Inn preferred,
Address George F, Ballard, rooin 626, 150 Nassau
street
of Brooklyn would like to hear
it-of- town teams offering suitable in-
yy the coming season; Englewood F.«,,
Koickerbocker A, C., Weat Bergen,
Ratherford and Linden A, C. preferred, Address
1 Canteliioy, 450 Sixth street, Brooklyn

 

  

The Marion Field Club, well-cnown on. the toot
sii Held, has turned its attention to baseball, The
ain is under the inanagement of James KE. MeCoy,

te

   

 

] tthe Kingston aud Mystic Star baseball clubs,
aasisted by Raymond Perze, who will be captain
The Marions will book games with teams within 150
ies of New York, offering @ suit ® yilarantee,
Aidress James bh, McCoy, 629 East 150th street,

Atthe regular monthly meeting of the Riverside

 

 

 

ield Club at was deeited to put ® stromg team in
the fleld theeoming season, T. J, Nolan waa elected
n W.E. Rent captain. The team will be

vtly of ex coliege players. The sehed

range Lincludes games with all the prin-

f sd athletic clubs. Out-of-town clubs
lesiring vines and. offering suitable guarantee
® { reas I. J. Nolan, manager, Post Otice box

semiprofessional, is making

    
 
  

 

  

prepara isto place a strong team on the diamond

tla 5 Manwer J. Plunkett and bis sixteen

Ayre will their traiuing at White Plains on

Ma 14 and 26 before the open game with the

} bar 4. A. The tollowing Is the sehedule:

March it, Rumatield Ao A.-at Ringfleld; April 1,

Jadu V4 at Madison, 7, Livingston A, A., at

i ystou,s, Hoboken F.C, at West Hoboken, -4,
\ . it Kineton, 2s and 20, open, May

. red Gasites Helin , at Jerse, City; L2

| Moti Haven, at Mort t Bergen A, A. at

at Mount Vernon:

Bergen Pout
Madison; 27, West

tu, Fimw
Madison A. C, at
w, open; dune 2, Memp-

Kenwood F, C., at Sonth

2 pen, se
 atdersoy Clty;
steal, at Hempstead; 5,

|

|

| Hobos sand to, open, ‘ihe Deweys can play on
week days, Saturdays, Sundaye and bolidays, and
they w ilike to hear from the Emeralds of the
Cathole Proteectory, Fordham, Columbia and Man-
hattan Collegea, Tarryt mn, Oran eo A, ¢ Beton
Hall, Suburban, Weet New York F. C, and other
clubs olor nga goarantee and expenses out of town,
Address J Lo Plunkett, manager, care of T, P, Com

well, Mills Lotel, 16 Rivington street

principal minority stockholder {n the |

Paul P. J. Donvan, F. M. Frobisher, Dr, L. C.

| Le Roy, ©, J. Obermayer, George O, Pennell,

Dr. H. G. Piffard, I. B, Potter, James A.
Rooney, J. A. Stivers, J. B. Uhleand H. C, White.
I. Potter was elected Chairman and William 8.
Bull, Secretary. The distinguishing feature of
the meeting was the unalloyed interest in side-
paths and good roads. Aninformal discussion
was held anda local consulate planned. Plans

THE SUN, FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1900.

and suggestions for the futura work of the |

consulate Were outlined, It was the opinion
that more attention should be given to the side-
path movement, but not at the expense ofthe
good-roads work so long carried on by the L,
A.W. It has been found by actual experience
that where cycle paths have been constructed
they act as object lessons in favor of improved
highways. It was urged that the local con-
sulate for Greater New York should take an
active interest in the construction of trunk
line cycle paths in this State, with a view tow-
ard securing ultimately continuous paths
from New York to Chicago. The suggestion
was nade that a more general interest might
be aroused in the construction of trunk line
oycle patha if a meeting of all the consulates in
the State was held in New York city, on invita-
tion of the Greater New York Consulate. The
local work of the consulate was discussed, in-
cluding the urgent need of a more vigorous
enforcement of the rules of the road by the city
authorities, The following motions were
adopted:

Ressloed, That this meeting requests the Chief
Consul to at once calla meeting of thore mein bers
ofthe L.A. W. who have been appointed to act as
consuls in Greater New York. the me and place of
the mecting to be taxed by the Chief Consul

Keselved, That a committee be appointed to out
line aplan of work to be submitted to the meeting
of consuls

A committee to consist of tha Chief Consul,
the sSecretary-Treasurer, Dr C. Le Roy,
George C, Penne), Isaac Bb. Potter and James
looney was appointed.

Chief Consul Belding announced that the
meeting of the consuls for Greater New York
willbe held atthe Grand Union Hotel, corner
Fourth avenue and Forty-second street, New
Yor’. o8 Wednesday evening, March 14, ats
© CLOCK,

 

The reaction of the L. A. W. in this State
since racing was dropped has been elastic In
its character. Only those who have watched

the organization through its fight for racing |

contro! ean realize the net efforts now being
made, The officers have nolonger over them
a regard for political preference on the ground
of patronage. The patronage of the L, A. W,

was in its racing department, It is dead,
Now the officers of the different
divisions may appear in their. true
characters and shout for sidepaths or

good roads without considering whether or
not it is “politie’ to doso. In consequence
there isfan unwonted spirit of enthusiasm
abroad, First of all it {8 directed toward a
trunk line of cycle fethe The bare report of
the meeting held on Wednesday night does not
tell the story. The Secretary-Treasurer of the
division tp this State has for several months

been at work compiling a map and kin-
dred information. on the paths exist-
eut and proposed, By the end of the
month he expecta” to be able_ to

fnrnish to L. A. W. members an outline of all
thepaths inthe State. The ultimate purpose
of this information is more important than the
proximate one mentioned. With the informa.
tion at hand concerning all paths, it will be
easy to discover what gaps exist in the plan
foratrunk path between New York and linf-
falo and from thereto Chicago. Having liste
the lapsea in the sidepaths the L. A. W.
workers will focus their energies toward hav-
ing them filled and the complete connection
made between the metropolis andthe big elty
of the lakes,

In the latest issue of the supplement to the
1. A.W. Boletin appears the following:

Notice is now given that atthe next regular meet-
ing of the State loarnd of Otficers of the New York
State Division I shall move the following amend
ments tothe by-laws of aaid division

Art, IL, Sect. 8 Strike out the words ‘Three
Thousand, and insert instead thereof the wor de
~One Thonsand’': also strike out the words lwo
Thousand Five Hundred” and insert instead there-
of the words "Seven Hundred and Fifty.’

Isaac B, Porter.

The amendments deal firstly with the bond
required of the Seeretary-Treasurer, and see-
ondly, with his salary. The proposition is to
rednee each to one-third of what it is now,
Isnae Potter was tho one to propose the rule of
making the offlce of Secretary-Treasurer a
permanent one at $2,500 a year, because the
work was onerous and the hest intereats of the
League required it. W. 8. Bull then was See-
retary, as he ‘a now, and I, B. Potter was Chief
Consul, seeking the presidency. — Recently,
George R. Bidwell, Colleetor of the Port, gave
to Necretary-Treasurer Bulla letter concern-
ing his candidacy for President of the L. A. W.
that controverted certain statements made by
Potter. This caused a falling out between
Potter and Bull.

SEAWANHAWA'S FIRST DINNER,

Yachtamen Partake of a Hungarian Feast
on the East side,

The Seawanhaka-Corinthian Yacht Club bo-
ing forthe time being without a winter elub-
house, the Entertainment Committee, which
conalsts of Jacob Wendell, Jr., chairman, Nel-
son B. Burrand Elijah Woodward, has arranged
to give a series of luformal dinners during the
season for the purpose of bringing the club
members together. Last night the fret of
these dinners was in order, and in response
to the notification of the committee about one
hundred mem bers gathered at the Café Liberty,
“Little Hungary,’ 257 East Houston atreet,
and sat down to one of Herr Schwartz's feasts,
Doubtless many ofthe members present had
never dined in that neighborhood, although
they have heard of “Liberty Hal),"” but the
wording of the notice which said “The com.
mittee while promising nothing feela justified
in advising you to be there,” whetted their
appetites and the result was a fine gathering of
amateur tars, y

There was no special entertainment pro-
vided, but the Hungartan Band was on hand
and the company pronounced the firat dinner
of the season a big success, Commodore
Perey Chubb presided. Thera were po set
speeches, but many of the diners were called
upon for remarks. The old members of the
organization were there in force, Among the
rathering were John Aiyslop, Walter T. Owen,
VOR. T. Jones, Oliver” Livingston Jones,
Gordon Wendel!, E, M. Townsend, Jr, F. P,
Moore and George Moore.

Steam Vacht Erl King Sold.

The steam yacht Fri King, which was built
in England and came to this country last sum-
mer to attend the Cup races, has been sold to
A. Edward Tower of Poughkeepsie, Her
former owner, Mr. Moxlhiam, an American, haa
heen sailing the vacht under the flag of the
Royal Victoria Yaeht Club and recently arrived
on her from Havana. Her English crew has
been discharged and wi!! return home, Mr,
Tower, who isa member of the New York Y,
C., recently sold his speedy yacht, the Alberta,
to Commodore C, A. Postley of the Larcnmont
¥y.(C., and has bought the Erl King to replace
her,

 

Schoolboys Skating for the Championship,

In the annual races of the Long Island Inter-
scholastie A. L, for championship skating
honors, the trial heats of which were decided
atthe Clermont Avenue Rink, Brooklyn, yes.
terday afternoon, the contending schoolboys
showed great skill and speed. Every institu.
tion in the league, with the exception of
Adelphi Aeademy, was represented, A specially
constructed track of fifteen laps to the mile was
laid out, The Polytechnic Preparatory School
team and the Brooklyn Latin boys led the
other schools, the “Poly” skaters doing re-
markably well and leading Latin School by
twelve points on the day's work, R. Marston of
Brooklyn Latin, Herreschol® of the same
school, and O. Minton, H.R Randolph and ©,

H. Howard, all of “Poly,” led the other eon.
testanta in points. The summaries;

 

One Fuclong Baee—Juniors. trial heats, first and
second te run off in the dinal-First heat—Won by
© Minton, ‘Poly Prep,’ George Biasell, Cathedral
Behool of St. Pants seeond.  T me, 2% seconds
Reoond heat—Won by Fo Herreschot?, Brooklyn Latin;
‘ W. Howard, © Poly Prep second Time, 24
pecond

One Furlong Race-Seniors -Firet heat—Won by OL
Minton. J.D. Lond, Brooklyn Latia, second, Time,
op ao seconds, Second heat—Won by H. BR. Ban
dolph, ‘Poly Prep, I Ilerreschoff, second. Time,
eganconds, Third heat-Won by ©, W, Howard, H

Gardiner, Cathedral Sehool of St. Paul's second,

Time, 25 eeconda,

Quarter Mile«Seniors First heat—Won br Rh, Mars
ton, Brooklyn Latin, C. W Howard, second, Time,
47 35 seconds, Second heat—Won by ©O, Minton;
F. Herresevott, second, Time, 4744 aeconda,

Half Mile—Seniors-First heat—Won by R. Marston;
H.R. Randolph, second. Time, | minige 44% seconds,
Second Beat—Won by F. Herresc wo George Bis
sell, second, Time, 1 minute 45 seconds

The points made by each school were: "Poly
Prep,” 3; Brooklyn Latin, 27; Cathedral of
86. Paul’s, &

 

>

    

SPORTSMEN IN THE GARDEN |

 

THE sIxrm ANNUAL SHOW arrracts| lhey are to-day the oldest and most reliable safes in th: world,

THOUSANDS OF VISITORS,

 

New Features Not Seen Here Before—Hard
Water Polo Game Won by Lone Stars
~Heikes in the Lead at Shooting—School-
boy Swan Wins a Swimming Race.

Sportsmen of every kind flocked to Madison
Square Garden last night to participate in the |
Opening of the sixth annual exposition of the
Sportsmen's Association, The crowd outside |
the building was so large that the doors were
thrown open half an hour before the
advertised time, Tho early arrivals were able
to geta good Idea of the many surprising
features arranged in the big ampitheatre that
served to transform it into a presen!able couns
terfeit of a fine forest. Hidden away among
the countlesa trees that stood on floor and
galleries were trophies of the chase and speci- |
mens of big game that brought a flood of rem- |
infscences to the old hunters, whose pictur-
esque figures helghtened the natural effect of
the seane, |

Biack bears appeared in abundance, and
one innovation was a pole raised at the en-
trance on whieh bruin disported himself to
the amusement of the crowd, which numbered
at least 7,000, Moose, elk and buffalo all
had their circle of admirers, while the veteran
guides in the Adirondack exhibit were en-
waged allthetime spinning yarns and renow-
ing acquaintances begun In the dense forests

The Indian village at the Fourth avenue end
of the building was ready for the occupation of
the dusky redskins, but they kept in the bael-
ground last night, and their reservation was
made the rendezvous for a horde of almost
as swarthy oarsmen who took part in the
{initial water polo game.

Many new features are included in this year’s
show, the most noticeable being an additional
camp at the western end of the artificial lake,

where a large assortment of canoes and sail-
boats ara on exhibition, An ice yachtfrom the
Shrewsbury Kiver also attracted considerable
attention

While the aquatic programme was being run
of there was a stampede of spectators caused
by the water in the largest aquaria tank break-
ing its bounds and Onding its level on the dirt
floor, immersing the shoes of persons in
the immediate vicinity. Splashing around
the legs ofthe spectators for awhile were a
score or 80 Of brown tront temporarily re-
Jeased from bondage. They were quickly
angled for and placed in other tanks until
their old home was made secure,

A practical illustration of duck shooting
furnished a surprise for the majority of
apectators who had not discerned a brace of
dead canvass backs suspended by a string
from the roof girders. After. the sports.
man had laid his eovey of decoya in

) the water, he covered his boat with imitation

 

grass and, lying on bis back, fired both barrels
at the feathered game. Some one pulied a
rtring and one of thedead ducks dropped with
€ splash into the pool,

This realistic exhibition was followed by a
Aly-yerd swimming race open to schoolboys,
in which W. W. Swan of Woodbridge School
carried off the honors, After the trial heats cf a

candle race, teams of the Union and Lone
Star Boat e!ubs lined up for the water polo
ame, The men were well matched, The
“nions Were faster awimimers, but did not

show off as well in tacking or passing as their
rivals. Haines ofthe Unions reached the ball
firat, but the side soon lost it and aserimmage
took place in front of their goal. Hjertberg
captured the sphere and saved the situation
forthemoment. A rapid movement was then
made on the Lone Star goal, but was cleverly
blocked by the wary keepers. Several tussels
took place In quick succession, {1p which one of
the Union men had his Jersey torn off.
After 3 minutes and 40 seconds} of hard play-
ing the Lone Star forwards rushed the Union
oalkeepers and 8. G. Stern seored ovor their
heads, The Unions again got the ball on the
dive-off, but could make no use of their ad-
vantage and had hard work to keep their op-
ponents from seoring.

The severe play of the first half tired most of |
the men out, and the Lone Stars with one goal
totheircredit played entirely on the defen-
sive. The Unions made a fierce attack after
four minutes work, but were repulsed and the
Lone Stars held the ball for the rest of the

half, winning by one goal to nothing. ‘The
line-up follows:
Lone Star, Positions T'nion,

Centre..., ‘
. Left Forward 5k
Right Forward

J.T. Hawes |
HjertBeerg
G. Nonenbacher

8... Brerm.........
F. Keller
M. Meteler

A. L. Solomon + Half Back ooeDW, Lenahan |
Louis Solomon,.... Goal, . C.K. Stevens
A.J, Meyer, « GORI «+s sour scer Be BOLE |

H. D. Lyon of thea New York A.C. declined
the issue inthe final heat of the candle race,
and T. J. Reilly of the Knickerboekers, who
essayed to carry his eandle elgar fashion in
hiamouth, put che light out before going ten
yards. Goodwin, the other Kniekerbocker
entry, Won a good race by a yard. Summary

 

hYard Interscholastic Race —Won by W. W
Swan, Woodbridge School; John T. Keeler, Do La
Salle Inetitute, second; Joseph Sullivan, Erasmus
Hall High School, third. Time, 26 seconds

yard Candl won by L, Good
win, Knickerbocker, A
University, seoond, 1

C,, third. Time, 49 4-5 seconds,

Miss Fannie Hylan’, the fourteen-year-old |
daughter of W,H. Hylandof Tarrytown, opened |
|

Riace—Final heat |
LJ. W. Spencer, Columbia |
Reilly, Knickerbocker A,

 

  

the clay-bird shooting tournament onthe
roof at 10 o'clock in the morning. and in
spite of the poor light, smashed eigh-
tean out of her first twenty-flve targets, |
The continuous match occupled the attention
of the experts until 12:30 o'clock, at which
thme Kh. O. Heikes was in the lead with a total |
of 1 without a miss. Four prizes will
be awarded atthe end of the tournament to
the men making the highest scores

The preliminary match put Heikes in good
trim for his firet turn at the traps in the
championship contest, and he led the fleld of
thirteen with {4 out of a possible 100, The
scores:

Association Championship—R.O, Teikes, 94; W,
R, Croeby, #2, J Fanning, 82: "LeRoy," 81, J, Rike,
Tu; C, W. Budd, 78; B.D, Fulford, 77; Capt. Money,
76; F. Banks, 6%; Miss Hyland, 55; W.H, Hyland, 44,

Continnous mateh—R, O, Heikes, 10; W. Crosby,
17; D, J. G@ Knowlton, 16; Rike, 15; Capt. Money,
10; "Le Roy,” 8; Fanning, 8; C. W. Budd, 5; HA
Grant, 2.

 

 

Tom O'Rourke's Reply to Frank Childs's
Challenge.

The challenge of Frank Childs, the colored
heavywet@ht of Chicago, and the fact that |
the Jatter had posted a forfeit to meet Joe
Walcott prompted Tom O'Rourke yesterday
to make the following statement:

“Childs has no reputation to apeak of, but
Walcott will take him on in a six-round bout at
Chicago itfany of the clubs out there will give
enough money. Waleott is a good drawing
ecard now and in @ position to dictate terms,
If he cannot get what is just, why Joe wont
tackle him,”

Childs is the boxer who knoeked out big
Rob Armstrong on two oeeasions, and is 4
heavy hitter,

 

Basketball Notes,

The Young People's basketball team would like to
arrange games with teams averaging 125 pounds,
Home games on Monday evenings, outside games on
Wednesday and Saturday evenings, Address Harry
Bauer, manager, 942 East Sixty third street,

The Bay Kidge A.C. has organized a new basket-
bal team composed of acme of the best players in
the club, and would like to arrange games away
from home with teams yiving a suitable guarantee,
The second team alao desires games, Adaress John
J. Murphy, care of Bay Ridge A. C., Brooklyn,

The Keystone Brownies met and defeated the
Riverside Basketball team at the Riverside Club,
on Tuesday evening by the score of 12to &, The
Keystone Brownies would like to hear from all
teame averaging 105 pounds, Monnt Carmel, Mo-
hawks and Franklina of Astoria preferre® Address
Edward Trass, 142 Second avenue, New York,
nia F, © would like to hear from the Dan-
ord, Little Fatl-, Hollywood Inn, Tarry
iarnerville, Delmarch F.C), Mount Vernon
ville and all other teams of the same

r of New \ otfering
snitable ind I are of J,
E. Johuson Liberty street, New York city,

In the big armory at Flushing on Wednesday night

 

  
  
 

town
and Berm
strength,

 

two waries were played, The preliminary waa be-
tween the Montauks of Flashing and the River
#ides Phe former won Atter @ wreat finish by a

. The nteenth Separate Com
pany five and the Washington Heights team then
linet up The score: Beventeenth Separate, 41;

Waehington Heights, 2 |

 

rn gcore of 156

 
 
  
 

   
  

 

The final game in the series for the championship |
ant the Mrs, Jobo K Drexel Challen enp among

girie of Drexel Insti Iphte was |
sed thereon Wedne The teams

nade up of the normal dome

ial department classes T
won the upin IRV, Were outclassed in ¢
ing by the “special” girla, who also det
oal basket in chver style. The thnal se .
Special Department, Normal Domestic Science, |

|
z |

 

 

 

Gossip of the King.

M., Walderek, N.Y
4
iM

itil Su

Ho. Erne was the favorite
ator
New York=The bout has been postponed |
llivan isinmeondit Ito box agai
cC. B.S, Massena, N No, he is till living
smiling’ Joho Kelly (sore time ay

Will the manager of Li
priuiliat, kindly call at
might

   
 

Hung Pov, the Chincve
this office at 7 o'clock t
Corrigan of Ban) Francis who acted a«]

 
  

tra for dow Kennedy when the latter met Peter
Mau vants to fight Jim Judvze or any ot! t |
welalt |
Patsy Sweeney and George Mi Faddenare led |
to meetionight at_the broalway 4. Clin at t !
fiveround bout, Phere will be one pret n- |

testot twelve rounds

Tom Broderick of Yonkers, who haa not d
fighting to speak of for some tine, writest .
that lie will tackle either Matty Matthews, bed |
Me Partiand or spike Sullivan

Kid Carter is not satisfed with the result of bis
defeat by Jim Judge and has been matched to mret
hata again at the Green wood A.C,on Marc 17, 2467
will clash for twenty rounds at 146 pounds.

 

} Behmidt, 173

| & Kabledorf’s alleys last night

| pewhtis, 260; For

  
 

—

 

 

HALL’S SAFES have been sold for sixty years and in that time have

re me rar ere ne
- '

———- ——

  
 

saved millions of dollars’ worth of securities and reco ds from the flames,

guaranteed throughout.

Hall’s

Your old safe exchanged
for a Modern ‘Hall,’
Second Hand Safes for sale.

Safe moving and repairing.

   

BOWLING,

Busch of the Weat Side Apollo team passed the
high score record in the United Bowling Clube Sec-
tion 2 tournament at the Arcade alleys last night,
tallying 25410 the firstgame. The scores

Pies GAMP,

Weat Bide Apollo Hons,
Wahlers, 252; Buselh, 164;
Ol,

Glendale—Kreter, 178; Galvin,
Stutterheim, 167; Schneider, 152,

RRCOND GAME,

Cilendale — Kreter, 148; Galvin,

Stutterheim, 168; Schneider, 163,

Mohrtens, 178, Tetal,
ies; Lehr, 197;
Total, 820.

127;

Lehr, 112;
Total, 714,

Gotham—Sowade, 140; King, 188; Kappel, 162; |

Schenk, 118; Heiles, 172. Total, 715,
THIRD GAME,

West Side Apollo — Hons, 141; Tepperwin, 198;
Wahlers, 185; Busch, 168, Mchrtens, 143. Total,
Bue

 

Sowade, 201; King, 134; Kappel, 115;
Total, 745,

iotham
Schenk, 196; Hetles, Iso,

 

Postponed and forfeited games are a nightly oc-
currence inthe first section of the United Bowling
Clubs tournament. Last might the Woodland club
bowlers again failed to appose at the Germania As-
sara bly Rooms alleys and only one game was played,
The score:

Spartan—Thum, 14; Me
7H Dohm, 175; Schilling, |
Monarch—Cadien, Inv, F
Martin, 280; Hasenzabl, 158

arthy, 115; Schrecke,
Total, 745,

145; Keppler, 1 1;
Total, 838,

    
 

 

Two games were won by the Morningsides in the |

Columbia tournament at Schlussing's alleys last

 

hight. The scores;
FINST GAME
Morningside— Madden, 154; Doncourt, 144;
Demriles, 178. ‘Total, 493
Villuge-G. Coleman, 168, Schenck, 160; Faulk,

147. Total, 475

RECOND GAME,

Village—G, Coleman, 182; Schenck, 150; Faulk,
175. Total, 507,

Doolittle—Wright, 106"; Clark, 171; Coffman, 163
Total, 500,

THIRD GAME,
Madden, 180;
Total, 400,
15u, Clark, 143; Coffman, 165,

Morningside - Donconrt, 145;
Demmier, 145
Doolittle~Wright,

Total, 453.

  

The Phenix five captured a donble victory on low
scores in the Fire Insurance League at Reid's alleys
last night, The score

FInsTt GAMP

Phenix —Dongherty, 195; Story, 140; Kahn, 162;
Rushmore, 147; Saddingion, 147, Total, 721,

Union—Tauchert, 14, ¥ doas, 141; Knott, 158;
Cannon, v0; Heins, 06 seven frames). Total, 611,

SECOND GAME

Phenix —Dongherty, 124; Story, 148; Kaho,
Rushmore, 140. Saddington, 144%, Total, 708,

American ~Brown, 145, Williams, 119; Bint, 178;
Froggatt, 214; Stuart, 114, Total, 668,

THIRD GAMr.

Union—Tanchert, 120; Van Ness, 104;
108; Knott, 142: Heins, 215, Total, baw,

American—Brown, 154; Wilhame, 120; Bint, 1638;
Froggatt, 222; Stuart, 201. Total, 750,

 

 

125;

Cannon,

 

The Fitelias were easily winners of two gamer in
the Ariinuton League jast night. Thescorea,
FIRST GAMB,

Fidelia~Hofman, 152; Dietgen, 190; Treias, 178;
Gerth, 165. FB. Wannemacher, 124; Schell, 165;
Heesters, 182, Total, 2, lon,

Aureeable~ M. Nowak, 102; Beckman, 181; Liesen-
berg, 07; L. Nowak, 124: Berrius, 09; Kallman, 125;
McGinness, 121. Total, 700.

Ss) OND GAME.

170; Tnetgen, 176; Tretas, 169;

180; Schell, 106;

 

Fidelia—IHoffman,
Gerth, 1568: F. Wannemacher,
Heesters, 148. Total, 1,140.

Agreeable—M. Nowak, #8; Beckman, 144: Liesen-
berg, 148; L. Nowak, 158; Berrius, 123; Kallman,
4; MeGinness, #2, Total, 854.

The Fupires were the only team to pass the 800
mark twice in the North Side League series lust
night, but won only one game, The scores:

FInST GAME,

Bronxdale—Guion, 115;
144; Ferber, 125; Balz, 188, Total, 468,

Empire=Botta, 170, Nissen, 154; Hammond, 154;
Schmidt, t+2; Mikche, 184, Total, 841.

BECOND GAMR,

Bronxdale—Balz, 178; Reynolds, 159; Guion, 118;
746

 

 

Ferber, 161; H. Hiers, 14. Lotal, 7
Hooker--Innge, 1s; Vanderz z, 135; Heina,
175; Konner, 160; Pump, 140. ‘Total, 787,

 

THIRD GAME.

Fmpire—Potts, 179; Nissen, 15
Misehe, 180, Total, 44.

220, Vanderzwaag, 164; Heina,
Total, 86.

    

Hovoker—Junge,
174; Ronner, 164; Pump, 178,

The following Bank Clerks’ League games were
played at Keid’s alleys last night:

Finest GAME

Hanover National Bank—Wright, 184; Duncan,
112; Gordon, 148. Spence, 110; Nieman, 185, Total,

neu
Ladonburg, Thalmaun & Co,—Watson, 184;

| Backen. 100; Virgien, v4; Wagner, 148; Hill, 146,

 

Total, 028,
BECOND GAME,
adenburg, Thalmann & Oo,—Wataon, 158; Backen,
, Virgien, 144, Wagner, 141; Hill, 187, Total,
71a.
Hamilton Bank—Crosby, 189; Reilly, 08; Ward,
116; Kottmeter, 140, Mooney, 170, Total, 719,
THIRD GAMP,

Hanover National Bank—Wright, 146; Dunoan,
177; Gordon, 100; Spence, 1 Nieman, 80, Total,
638

Hamilton Bank--Crosby, 144; Reilly, 119: Ward,
184; Kottmeler, 185; Mooney, 184, Total, 717.

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Nemoas defeated the West Shores by three

pointsin the WestSide League tournament at Mey- |

er’s alleys last night, The scores
FIRST GAMP,

Wanderer, 188; Schenck, 188; M, Silber-
tein, 173; Hana, 147, Tota). 745,

Colonial
ein, 194, A. Silber
est Shore

27; Tiedeman, 170; Hosten, 132,

SECOND GAMP,

West Shore—Seevelken, 123; Brauner, 135; Meyer,
177; Tiedeman, 148; Hola 1s2,. Total, 740,

Nemo -—Cook, 144; Schn er, 1738; Mahn,
Obermeyer, 164; Wieland, 1¢0, Total, 763,

THIRD GAME

Colonial—Davia, 170; Wanderer, 148; M. #ilber-
stein, 122; A. Silberstein, 155: Hans, 178, Total,77

Nemo Cook, 144; Schneider, 101; Benzetn, 115;
Obermeyer, 150; Wieland, 100, Total, 610.

The defeat sustained by the Corinthians at Starr's
alleys last night increases the Metropolitan’a ljeal
for the frat prize in the National League tourna.
meut. The scores:

FIRST GAMP,

Corinthian—S, Walter, 160; Brocker, 144; Niles,
102; Holden, 162: Schaeffer, 140, Total, 790,
Fidelia~ Wagner, 11%, Kibbel, 177; Koster, 168;

   
 

Total, 713,

   

132;

    

   

 
   
 

Foege, 188; Amann, 174, Total, 900,
BFCOND GAME,
Cort S Walter, 165. Brocker, 204; Niles, |
178; | 1s; Schaeffer, 171. Total, xe,
Rosevil reson, 201; Badger, 144; Wood, 178;

0; Meyer, 155, Total, 887,
THIRD GAMF,
Wacner, 174; Kibbel, 161; Koster, 174;
174; Amann, 160. Total, 842.
yilie--Piereon, 166; Bad
Meyer, 140, T

 

 
   
  

  

tal, Bud.

The South Paw, Bings County and Arlington
s layed alively series of gamesinthe Putnam
jamentof Brooklyn last night. The scores;

FIRST GAME
Lodwe, 156; Sitterly, 184; Howe, 156;

  

South Paw

Vandekar, 100; Griffen, 162, Total, 827,
Kongs County Biller, 140, Sebreifer, 170; Beinert,

  

aK) sndel, 164; Allen, 144. Total, 827.
Fieventh frame—South Paw, #4; Kings Connty, 84,
SECOND GAME.
Kings County ~FPhler, 158; Schreifer, 181; Beinert,
fk. Wendel, 108; Allen, 137, Total, 827,

BAsiineton—Arps, 147; Wiekern, 147; Harms, 158;
Rempel, 170; Meyer, 188, Total, 869,
THIND Game.

Arlington—Arps, 161: Wickern, 283; Harms, 197;
Ie pel, 142; Meyer, 204, Total, 937,

south Paw Lodge

Vandekar, 182; Griten, 141,

ihe Harlems won two and the Lone Stars lost as

su) games ip the Harlem Navy League at Thum
he scores:

lus, Bitterly, 166% Howe, 149;
Total, $85,

PUR@T GAME,
HarleroeJ. Nagle, If, Pilkinton, 143: G, Nagle
tes, Moore, 108, Olesom, 144 Total, 848, :
J, ne Star-Yankauer, RZ, Dublon, 165; Epatein,
1i2 Sugwenhesmer, 126; Levor, 158, Total, 758
SPOOND GAME
ne Stac~ Yankauer, 10; Dablon, 184; Epatein,
! sive nhetmer, LW, Levor, 162, Total, 714
n= Thata, 191; Vavrick, 136; Turek, 109;

tlie. Total, 721,
LAIRD GAME
jiarlem J. Nagle, 110; Pilkington, 189; G, Nagle,
eM . 154, Olsson, 203, Total, 844.

bohetoan Litin®, DIS; Vavrick, 127; Turek, 128;

Lewttas, 177) Forst, 106, Total, 741
he Pmpires beat the I, D. K, and Pia Knight
by wite marging in the Carruthers national

tourogiment of Brooglyn last night. The scores;

. FIRST GAME
1, D. K —Hartman, 124; se
12: Norris, 140; Spink, 163, Total, 738
Vin Kuight thier, 160; Miller, 197; Tuttle,
171; Good, 156; Welsh, 146, Total, #40.
. AECOND GAMF.
ID. K,~Hartman, 150; Schlegel, 134; Bauman,
141; Norris, 126; Spink, 158, Total, 70,
kwpire—Jobason, 157, Voorhees, 476; William:

legel, 170; Bauman,

 

13; Tepperwin, 149; |

Demarest, 188; H. Hiers, |

3; Hammond, 160; |

Seewelkem, 148: Brauer, 140; Meyer, |

}
ser, 157; Wood, 2403

Every one

Safes.

KINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON,

GENERAL AGENTs,

393 BROADWAY, N. Y.

TEL. 307 FRANKLIN,

gon, 174; Diedrick, 155 . 182. Total, 87,
tan AME
Pin Knizht—Ko-hler, 1t4. Miller, 155; Tuttle, 15
Good, 140; Welsh, 140, Total, 72 : my 00%

Shiu

 

 

 

 

 

Fmpire—Johnsen, bg Voor! en, 170 Williamsoa
184, Diedrick, 152, Shimon, 164, Total, 829,
| ae nea in the Fast New York tournament }
Hight verulted as follow . ; " a
Pikes? GAME
Fast Naw York A. Kiet r, 17, Hammer, 158;
| Moore, 167; Mo Moore, tut, C. Kiefer, 180, Total,
BT
Imperial 2-Yee, 155, Davis, 18d; Roche, 186;
dackson, 130, Thyne, 178. Total, . ’
SECOND GAME
Imperial 2—Leo, 188) Davis, te; Mulling, L3iy

!
|
}
Jackson, KO, Thyne, 170,
| Chauncey—Forfetted

‘Total, 525,

THIRD GAME,
Channcey—F irfeited,
New York A
va; WO

hast
| G. Moore,
Total, s2u.

_Mlefer, 145; Hammer, 1795
Moore, 171; C. Kiefer, 184,

The first forfeits inthe Brooklyn Royal Arcanum
} tournament this season occurred last night whea
| Iolanthe Council failed to meet the teams from
Fulton and DeLong Couneiis, The scores:
FIRST GAME

Fulton Council-H. A. Silyeria, #8: MeDonougl,

; 14s : Miller, tow: Herbert, Lou, Ferabach, 14é@
otal, Ont,

| Jolanthe Council Forfeited

| KrOOND GAME,
De Long Counetl -Ulake, 144, Healey, 130; Hera,

10, Schumann. D4; Hatt, de2. Total, 774.

{ . Fulton Connal- Herbert, 15: H. A. Silveria, 1085
McDonough, 65, Muller, bi4, Perubach, 140, Total,

28,

IHIKD GAME,

 

 

| De Long Council -Blake, 185; Healey, 100; Hers,
| 247 Sehurcann, 140. Hat’, 178. Total, 846,
Jolanthe Council Forfeited

passed the 700 mark twice in the
nament of Brooklyn yester

The Senate 1
Arlington W
day attern

   

 

 

FIRAT GAME.
Mrs. Steitz, 11 Mrs,

2) Mrs.
135; Mr Jacob, 183 0

Heitman, 6%
Mrs, Jud, 155, Toe

   

Schmense

Mra.

Kinwe Connt Mrs
ser, 125; Mra. 1 (
Ewken, 126. Total,

SPOOND GAME

Wenise 0. Mre
t . Ihbnken, 157;

 

 

 

 

 

Yellow Kids—Forrest, 125, Hill, 152; Roesel, 150,
Total, 427.
BPCOND GAME

| Kings County Mrs. Wenisch, 122; Mrs, Schmense
ser, #5; Mrs. Beinert. 04; Mrs. Ihnken, 128; Mre,
Embken, 14, Total, ot

Senate—Mrs, Marten, 142) Miss Louise Jacobi, 126;

Mrs. Everman, ia Mrs. Jackson, 146; Mrs, Freis,

j 147, Total, 7

| ith AMF,

| Senate—Mrs, Marten, 161; Miss Louise Jacobi,

} 114, Mra. Biseman, 17, Mrs, Jackson, 135; Mre,
Frets, 16s) Total, 7

| Clio—Mrs, Steite, 154; Mrs, Meitman, 77;_ Mra,

| Poser, 135; Mrs, Jacob, vo; Mrs. Jud, 31, Total,

| Nelson's 208 wasthe only redeeming feature of
last night's series in the Brooklyn Twenty-sizea
Ward tournament, ‘he scores

| . FiReT GAME,

Belmont-—Van Slycke, Bachrach, 144; Reiff,

| 14%) Berg, bis; Nelson, 208, Total, B11,

'

'

}

Van Slycke, 17
son, D6 Total, 7
reest, 14; Hill, 14

Belmont—Berg,
120, Reitt, 117; N

Yellow Bids =F.
Total, 487,

8; Bachrach,
toesel, 143,

   
 

  

 

Jowling Games To-night.
{| American National -Fmpire va. South Paw, atthe
} Germania Assomb ms alleys
Harlem Navy low Metropolitan, Wyanoke and
Harlem, at Thora & habisdort’s alleys
Columbia~Baneb, Century Wheelmen and Orien-
| tal, at Schiussing’s alleys
| National Leawue—Riverdale, Phanix and Wash-
| ington, at Starr's alleys.
United Bowling Clibs Section No. 1.-Doppel
Fiche, Rosedale and Grove Hill, at the Germania
| Assembly Rooms alley
North Side League elvidere, Morris Wheelmen
and Swiss American, at Pomp’s alleys
North Side Tournament—Auld Clootie va, Grove
Hill, Auld ¢ the vs, Melrose, at Steiu’s alleys,
Carruthers National ~ Corinthian, Monarch an@
Echo, at the Fiephant Cluballeys
Brooklyn Koyal Arcanum League—Burnside Coane
oil, Washington trving Council and Gilbert Council,
at Trainor's alleys
Kings County—Adelphi,
ton, at Leister s alloys

 

 

Don't Know and Temple

Fast New York —-Atiantic, Olympia and Fluke, at
Hellgan’s alleys
Germania—staulard. Olympia and Klober, at Ber.

 

nard’s alleys
Bay Ridge -St. M
No. 1, at Koch's alleys
| . Twenty sixth Ward
| Halier's alleys,
Nowark Lease ve
Republican Club, at the
United Piattdouts

lteilly No, 2 and Reilly
Manhattan vs. Glenmore, at

haeis,

lleyv ile Wheelmen va, Northerg
wilosille Wheelmen alleys,
(\ubs+Excelsior and Hud-

 

Bon, at the Arcade alleys

| —_
Jarvis, Kraenzlein and Tewksbury to Meet.

Paryverrox, March 1.-The announcement
was made to-night by Capt. John Cregan that
he had entered a team in the intercollegiate

| relay race tobe heidon March 31 at the Seventh
Regiment Armory, New York. The team will
probably be made up of Jarvis, Cregan, Chame
; berlain and Perry, and will be faster than the
| onethat won first honors in the games of the
K. A.C, Jast month. It was also learned to-
| night that Jarvis, Princeton's speedy short dise
tance man, Will meet the stars, Kraenzlein and
Tewksbury of the University of Pennsylvani
and Duffy of Goorgetown, in @ special race o'
100 yards to be heldin conjunetion with the ine
j tercollegiate relay races at Franklin Fleld,
} Philadelphia, on April 28
Ata meeting of the Executive Committee of
the Athletic Association here to-day the deal
was closed with Jim Robinson by which ha
agrees to train the football team pext fall, but
{no provision has been made yet in regard to
signing him f

  

for the baseball candidates,
Sharkey Will Train at Sheepshead Bay—Has
Become a Horse Owner,

|
Tom Sharkey intends to kill two birds with
} one stone, and will utilize the property which
| he purchased the other day at Sheepshead Bay
| for training purposes as well as a residence,
The cottage wil be equipped with a gymnae
sium, which willcontain all the latest exorcise
ing paraphernalia. Ifthe proposed encounter
{ betweenthy former sailor and Bob Fitzsime
mons is arranged on next Monday Sharkey
will do his work there. Tom is also going to
become ahorseman. Through Frank Brown,
| the owner of Ben Hadad, Veracious, Estaea,
) Blarneystone and other racers, Sharkey
bought several dy ones and will enterthem
atthe Lastern tracks this year, When askec
if he was not afraid of the ups and downsol
| the turf, Sharkey replied: “Lf have been dabe
bling around horses for many years and know
| Just where Iam at,”

    
  

Tommy Hogan to Remain in England,

It is not likely that Tommy Hogan of Chicage
and Sam Fitzpatrick will return to this country
inahurry. Yesterday Martin Dowling received
word from Fitzpatrick by cable that negotine
tiongare under way to arrange a fi{teen-round
“go” between Hogan and Jabez White,the crack
124-poundero! uotry. Immediately after
the matehwith Dil bester,whom the American
knoeked out on last Monday night, the National
Sporting Club of London « red to pit White
against Hogan and the offer was accepted, No
date has boon determined upon, but the battle
may possibly be held on Derby zht. White
is regarded asa good manin | and, and has
defeatet’ many good pugilists, including Mike
Sears of Boston.

 

   

 

 

 

 
 

Big Wagering on the Result of the Ryans
Root Fight.

Datras, March 1.-Chamy
Tommy Kyan arrived hers t

in Jeffries and
-night from Hot

Springs. After a short stop they proceeded to
San Francisco, Details of the Ryan-Root
mateh involve $05,500, outside of the sale of

Dan Stuart of Dallas, who backs
$5,000 to fight
that

Root
Ryan, also
has wagered $35,000

tickets,
for adouU agains
heade Al syn heate

t#

 

 

avainst $00,000 by the Ryan syndicate. It is
pretty well sctded that the fight will take place
! at Sun Francisco or Carson,

“Mysterious? Billy Smith's Mateh With
Young Mahoney Is Off,

Sam Harris, matebmaker of the Hercules
A, C. of Brooklyn, reeelved word yesterday thag
Young Mahoney of Philadelphia will be unable
to moet “Mysterious” Billy Smith on nex@
Monday night as schedulod, owing to illness,
The club has announced thatthe:e will be no
show ob that night

—_— tt
Alorses, Carriages, &e.
RAR A AAA
Cogre nora s wars pee ey moper as. on
er, WL Bu at great sacribce;, seen
time, Stable, 1vd West Uouston of , =“

\