-

ee ae

ee ete erin eaten ee

   

 

——

LO,

FRIDAY, MARCI 2,

——_———— ae
Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

 

 

AILY, per Month.,.......0+5 90 50
AILY, per Year.... cvnneneene coceeeee COD
BUNDAY, per Year. ngees ‘ oe. 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year. o....:ceeeeee 800
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month occcceeeees 70

Postage to foreign countries added
Tur Sus, New York City,

Hotel, and

Pants—Kioseye No, 12, near Grand
Kiosque No, 10, Boulevard des Capucines

 

Uf our friends who favor us with manuseripts for
publication wish to hawe rejected articles returned, they
qaus! in all cases send stamps for that purpose,

=
—-

The New Stage of the Boer War.

The retirement of the Boers from before
Ladysmith, with the entranee of Gen,
BuLveR into the long-besieged town,
marks the end ef their offensive-defensive
campaign in Natal, The war will now
be transferred to their own territory,

As yet we are without facts regarding
the armies of the Boers, their tone and
their condition their reverses, to
enable us to form even a surmise as to
the outcome, Beeause of the concentration
for a purely defensive campaign in their
own territory which has now been foreed
upon them, they may be in a situation
to prolong the war indefinitely; but the
experience of defeat is new tothem and it is
possible that it may crush their spirit. For
the first tine in five months of fighting
they are beginning to feel the bitterest
pmart of war, Heretofore they have been
victorious always, but now they have en-
tered on a seriesof defeats the end of which
fs not discernible,

It is a new test of their endurance and we
shall have to wait to see how they will bear
it. Reverses at the beginning only Intensi-
fied the determination of the British to go
on; they had their lost military prestige to
retrieve. If the Boers are of a like spirit,
and in the opinion of the world they are,
Great Britain has still a lamentable job
before it in South Africa,

 

since

 

The Diplomatic Game of Giveeaway.

The third article of the proposed Hay-
Pauncefote convention provides that ‘imn-
mediately upon the exchange of the ratifi-
cations of this convention” the high con-
tracting parties, namely, the United States
and Great Britain, “will bring it to the no-
tice of, the other powers and invite them to
adhere to it.”

The announcement has been made by
officiais of the State Department that See-
retary Hay has already secured the assent
of the other powers, including France, tothe
proposition that this country shall under-
take the cost, without the control, of the
isthmian canal.

It appears that Secretary Hay was not
even content to await the adviee and con-
pent of the United States Senate to the
treaty before submitting to the other pow-
ers that extraordinary project of renunei-
ation and surrender. Of course they as-
spent inadvane», They have everything to
gain and nothing to lose by aequiescing in
Mr. Hay's diplomatic achievement.

But what will be the effect of this prema-
ture reference of an unratified treaty tothe
foreign offices of nations not direetly a
party toit? Very embarrassing, we should
say, to any successor of Mr. Hay's whose
duty it may become to lay before these
same foreign offices an American canal
proposition which they may regard as less
favorable to their interests.

Does the Seeretary of State really under-
stand what he has been doing?

His subordinates have boasted that he
has alrealy destroyed the American case
against the validity of the old Clayton-
Bulwer Treaty by the very fact that our
Government recognized its binding foree by
negotiating for the proposed Hay-Paunce-
fote Treaty of revival.

Here we find him doing his utmost to give
away the American case respecting the
Monroe Doctrine as applied to the inter-
oceanic canal; and that in advance of the
Senate's action.

Can it be that the leading motive of the
Becretary of State isto commit this Gov-
ernment, by every means which the oppor-
tunities of his post afford, to the deplor-
able measure with which he is ambitious to
link his name in history?

The Army War College,

The instructions given by Seeretary Roor
to the President of the Board of OMcers,
whieh met on Monday to prepare plans for
an Army War College, were marked by a
very fullunderstanding of the shortcomings
and needs of the Army and a well-defined
purpose for the development of the pro-
posed college, The instructions in’ brief
announced this as the purpose of the col-
lege: The furtherance of the higher instruc-
tion of the Army, the development in
aceordance with a coherent system of the
existing means of professional training, and
the creation of an ageney through whichall
professional information shall be at the dis-
posal of the War Department,

The general duties of the college, on the
lines indicated, will be to consider questions
relating to the welfare of the Army, includ-
ing matters of equipment, transportation,
administration and mobilization; to super-
vise the methods of the different service
sehools, to furnish advanced instruction,
to arrange for the codperation of all the
military forees of the United States, and
for an instructed
operation between the Army and Navy;
and to carry on the present Division of
Military Intelligence

The board ordered to prepare the plans

reserve; to secure eo.

on the comprehensive seale indicated is
composed of these officers:  Brig.-Gen,
LupLow, U. 8. A.; Col. HAsprovuck of the

Artillery, and Col. Carrer, As-
sistant Adjutant-General two representa.
tives of the staff departments, for Gen,
Lreprow has but just been promoted back
to the line, and one line officer, No time is
fixed forthe report that will contain the
detailed plans, and the experience of the
Officers whom Secretary Roor has promised
session of the Naval

Seventh

to send to the summet

War College should be available be-
fore the report of the board is made,

here is no immediate need for haste,
as a course at the college scarcely could be
given during the coming summer, and
the organ zation of the college on the scale
eouthned ts of too great importance to the
Army tobe jeoparded by the acceptance of
plans taat do not in every way meet the

fitentions and desires of the originator of

the general heine, The Naval War Col-
lege aos suffered soo much inthe past from
misguided interference that its history
tnay well be a “terrible example” to the

builders of the Army War College,
One of the most important questions to
Be selticd is that of location, As the inten-

 

tion of the Secretary seems to incline
strongly toward the development of prob-
lems of combined oper ations with the Navy,
it would seem that Fort Adams, at Newport,
might be an excellent place for the per-
inanent location. This, however, Is only
one of many important questions that will
require consideration, before the new War
College thids itself in full operation,

Incompetent Evidence in Murder Cases.

Nearly twenty years ago FRANCES SHBON-
DER, a resident of the little village of Chit-
tenungo, in Madison county in this Siate,
was indicted and put on trial for having
caused the death of her mother by the
administration of arsenic, The prosecuting
officer was Jousx E. Svrri, now County
Judge of Madison county, and the defend-
ant’s counsel, assigned by the State, was
Gerrit A. Forbes, now a Justice of the
Supreme Court,

The defendant, whois now dead, was a
woman of bad character, Tt was shown
that she had not been on good terms with
her mother and that she would profit peeun-
jarily by her mother's death. The mother
died under eireumstances indicative of
arsenical poisoning, and an autopsy fur-
nished additional evidence that this was the
cause of her death, The amount of arsenic
obtained from her remains, however, asa the

result of a ehemical examination, was
small. Immediately after the mother's
death and the daughter's arrest for

the
daughter's
years previously, had

remem
who

neighbors
father,

murder,
the
some

her

bered that

had died

expired with much the same symptoms
as were witnessed in the case of
his wife. His body was exhumed and an
examination of the remains showed the
presence of arsenfe, Other circumstances
tended to east suspicion upon FRANCES
SHrovpen of having caused her father's
death, There was some reason to think,
also, that the woman had poisoned an aunt,

whose death had occurred before those of
her father and mother, The Distri
torney, in opening theease for the proseen-
tion, alluded toall these circumstances, But
when it came to the introduction of evi-

 

dence, FRANCES SHROUDER'S ‘counsel
jected to any testimony tending to show
that she had poisoned her father or her
aunt, or any one except the person named
in the indietment, The trial Judge, one of
the ablest Judges of our State, sustained
the prisoner's counsel, ruled out all evidence
of other alleged poisonings and cautioned
the jury against any declarations or ree
marks referring to them made by the Dis-
triet Attorney; and FRANCESSHROUDER Was
acquitted of the charge of her mother's
murder,
The trial Judge who ruled out this testi-
mony is now a court of
last resort in our State whieh is soon to
pass on the legality of the evidence intro-
dueed by the prosecution and allowed at
the trial of Ronanp B. Moninevx, intimate
ing that Monisevx poisoned HrENkyY C,
BARNET as Well as KATHAKINE J. ADAMS.

member of that

 

 

Various Plans for Philadelphia’s Rellef,

Six hundred dollars have been raised by
the carpet trade of Philadelphia toward the
$100,000 guarantee fund forthe Republi-
can National Convention, An addition of
$100 from collections from visitors to the
Zoo, $100 from the employees of the city
ice boats, $100 from the municipal lamp-
lighters and $100 from the Philadelphia
Museum, of which THEODORE SEARCH
President, W. PLATT PEPPER Vice-President
and DaLtoN Dork Secretary, This would
foot up $1,000 or 1 percent. of the whole
guarantee,

Again, the aceeptance by the Republican
National Committee of the guarantee fund
in Mexican silver dollars of the acknowl-
edged Populist standard in weight and
fineness wouid expedite the collection and
might enable the guarantors to have the
whole sum in hand before June 19,

The Philadelphia constables at the station
house at Twentieth street and Jefferson
street have contributed $1.75 each tothe
eonvention fund. Mayor ASHBRIDGE has
properly commended their liberality as
“not only generous, but public-spirited,.”
Similar contributions by other policemen
would swell the fund by $3,200,

A tax of a dime on every passenger arriv-
ing in Philadelphia and of a dollar on every
person leaving that city during the months
of March, Apriland May would yield at least
$25,000, Itis further suggested that the
collection of fifty cents apiece from all vis-
itors connected with shooting clubs in other

is

cities would afford a considerable sum.
There is to be a grand parade of the Shoot-
ers’ Association of Philadelphia in page-
antry on the night of June 19, and the pay-
ment of half a dollar each by the visiting
shooters would bring into the guarantee
£2,500.

fund treasury at least $2, It is pro-
posed to call this the Momus fund,

The plan of assessing each of the Dem-
oeratic voters of Philadelphia twenty-five
eents toward the
fund for the June convention
abandoned because the recent returns of
the February municipal election show that
there are not now enough Democrats in
Philadelphia to make this a noticeable
source of revenue, Moreover, the Phila-
delphia Democrats are divided into two
hostile factions, the members of neither of
which would consent to contribute if their
opponents were also approached,

It

Republican guarantee
has been

estimated that
28,000 going east or west, and
north or south--traverse the ground floor
and courtyard of the Philadelphia City Hall
building ach day. A contribution of one
vent apiece would yleld $400 a day or
$2,600 a week, and $39,000 up to the date
of the National Convention on June 19.
This, however, would be $11,000 Jess than
one-half of the guarantee fund, making no
allowance for commutation or for Philadel-
phia pedestrians who would not contribute,
Some Philadelphia pedestrians have de-
clared their opposition to the whole con-
vention project, Others who are in favor
of it are unwilling to give a cent.

The plan of a lottery with 200,000 tiekets
at $1 each, $100,000 of the proceeds to be
repaid in prizes and the other $100,000 to
be devoted to the guarantee fund, has been
abandoned as contrary to the laws of Penn-
sylvania and to the traditions of Philadel-
phia morality, It is pointed out, moreover,
that large funds, even for lottery purposes,
cannot be collected precipitately in) Phila-
delphia, and
fore the

counted for and disbursed

40,000 persons--
12,000

is

some years might elapse be-
Whole $200,000 was collected, ace

Perhaps the most inge hious plan for secur
ing the required $100,000 guarantee las
been proposed by an eminent citizen
Philadelphia, He would relinquish all efforts
to the In the city itself and
would aveord the privilege of contribution
to the folowing neighboring towns on the
basis of tifty cents for each one hundred
inhabitants: Manayunk, Island Heights,
Conshohocken, Bustleton, Paoli, Downing.

town, Bird-in-Hand, Mountjoy, Tinicum,

°
or

raise MOUS

 

THE SUN

 

 

 

Mount Jolly, Bedminster, Perkasie, Sole-
bury, Makefleld, Hayvoek, Perkiomen,
Whitpain, Greenlane, denkentown, An-
dulusia, Honeybrook,  Poeopson, — Fal-
jowtleld and Coventry. An objection
urged to the acceptance of this project is
that it would eompel the abandonment of
the programme already formed by the En-
tertainment Committee of citizens. They
propose to escort the delegates to the vari-
ous points of interest in Philadelphia, If
the guarantee fund should be raised by
neighboring towns, propriety as well as
hospitality would demand that these towns
should be visited by the delegates, a plan
likely to prolong the duration of the ceon-
vention until after the Presidential election
in November,

Finally, it has been suggested that if
every Philadelphia Republican who “ feels
like thirty cents” about the unseemly delay
in raising the guarantee fund, pledged many
weeks ago by the strongest Republican
city in the United States, would contribute
that sum to the fund, it could be raised at
amore rapid rate than prevails at present,
and inight be in’ readiness for payment
before June 19,

The Navy.

Within two days two interesting events
have occurred that concern the Navy,

On Tuesday a 86-inch plate of Krupp armor
was tried at Indian Head, against which
every one of the tive 6-inch shots fired at
it was smashed to pieces, none of them at-
taining a deeper penetration than one ineh
and an eighth. This plate is part of the
armor Which the CRAMPS are putting upon
a battleship built for Russia, The idea of
our country’s putting armor of an inferior
sort upon its own ships seems like deliber-
ate self-sacrifice,

The day after the Indian Head trial the
Secretary of the Navy together with Ad-
miral Dewny and Rear Admiral CROWNIN-
SHIELD, appeared before the House Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to plead fora larger
navy, There was but one error in their rece
ommendations, They refrained from urg-
ingg the building of three more battleships
for the reason that the construction of the
three authorized last year has not vet been
provided for. It would have been better if
the distinguished party named above, in-
stead of being deterred from recommending
three more battleships by the fact that the
three authorized last year had not
begun, had recommended the three they
first had in mind, with three more added,

been

It Looks Bad for Mr. Hoar,

Since Mr, OLNey's frank announcement
of Lis opinion that we ought to annex Cuba,
and that we are bound to keep and admin-
ister the Philippines, whether the original
acquisition islands was or
not, the dismal Springfield Republican has
become more dismal than ever over the
deterioration of American statesmanship,
It has lost interest in its former candidate
for President, It dismisses him with this
threnody:

of these wise

“Mr. OLNPY'sS views are open to criticism as being
devoid of the idealism which is growing more and

more practical in human affairs There is an
absenve from his article of all consideration
for the natural rights of Filipinos or

Cubans which {as to be regretted. He is highly sa-
is and unerringly pointsout missteps that have
taken. Senator Hoar's warm sympathy for
struggling peoplesand iufant nationalities, however,
more truly representa the heart of Massachusetts
than’Mr, OLNey’s apparent indifference to their
claims.”

Thus the awful hoodoo of the Springfield
Republican's approval now concentrates its
entire energy upon the venerable senior
from Massachusetts; for AGUI-+
NALDO is in the woods,

ea

been

Senator

The Bottom Fact.

 

Two distinguished Republicans recently
made remarks which should be somewhat
amplifled in order to guard against an un-
desirable misguiding of the public mind,

The Hou. Joun D, Lona, Secretary of the
Navy, and Governor Roosevent of New
York, at the Harvard dinner last week, in
order better to define their low estimate of
certain politicians, praised the sincerity of
the stalwart Bryanites.

Recognition of frankness and manliness
inalmost any form is not to be rebuked;
but when there happens an occasion for
holding up the believers in the Chicago
platform for admiration, It is morally
expedient, and no more than justice to the
Republican party, to add that, in spite of
any amount of sincerity to be found in
Bryanism, the free silver coinage which it
advovates is fraud,

 

Democratic county eonventions in Thli-
nois are beginning to instruct the delegates
to vote for the Hon. CARTER Harrison for Gov-
ernor. The handsome young Mayor doesn't
wantthe compliment, but he may have to put
up with it. He would prefer to be nominated
some year when he would havea little chance
of election,

who would ent down the

Calaveras big trees and transform them into
merchantable lumber is of the same brand of
humanity asthe oil fend who would make of the
home sections of this beautiful city a foreat of
greasy derricks and a wildernessof sumpholes,—Los
dAnceles Limes,

One ean understand how fear lest the Cala-
veras trees may be cut might evoke any de-
gree of bitterness in disapproval. Nevertheless,
the only way to save the trees is to buy them.
The plot where they stand should be bought
for a Government reservation, The United
States contain a good many improssive natural
features peculiar to themselves, but they have
none too many

The vandal

 

Without criticising the Forest, Fish and
Game Commission now in office, it may be said
thatacommission made up of the nominees
sent to the Senate yesterday by Governor
{OOSEVELT, is sure to be of advantage to the
State,

There was morein Governor ROOSEVELT'S
recent remarks about the bills now in the
Legislature to subject the Gerry Society to State
supervision than appeared on the surface
“Surely it is as important,” said the Governor,
“to protect the interests of the helpless
inmates of charitable institutions as it is to
protect bank stockholders and policy holders
of insurance companies; he meant that it is
more important

the South Col,

In wandering through
BrRYAN's expansion talks seam to have
much curtailed. The Colonel can see through
amillstone when he has to,

Mr. Barney ia quite a worshipper of the Con-
efitiitie Meu ike him in that respect are now rare
Bb Washington. sprimuheid Hepnotican,

Men like the Hou. Jom Barney are rare every-
where. In fuet, only himself ean be his paral-
Jel. The Constitati might be able to get
along Without him, but what could he do with-
out the Constitution’ Tle would have nothing
to live for and bothing to talk about.

Eee

Modern Hens and klorida,
From the Florvig Times-Urvion,

Formerly the hen laid about 100 eggs in @ year;
nowadays, Uhder the forcing of rich, nitrogenous
alimentation, sbe lays 4.0, in instances 240, No.
where (do well kept fuwis Jay more eggs than in
Flovida.

  

|

FRIDAY, MARCH 2,

 

 

THE RELIKF OF LADYSMITH.

 

Though the last despatches on Wednesday
night did not lead to the expectation that
the relief of Ladysmith was so near, the
movements of the Boers that have been re-
ported during the past ten days were clear
indications that they were preparing for an
abandonment of the siege, Itis now apparent
that they have been fignting rear-guard
actions during the past week in order to
allow their heavy guns and other material to
wet away, and that when that was accomplished
they vanished from Gen, Buller’s front and left
the road into Ladysmith clear, Telegraphing
from Nelthorpe statin: yesterday morning
after having visited Ladysmith, Gen, Buller
reports that the only body of Boers anywhere
visible near there was asmall rear guard north
of Surprise Hill about five miles north of the
British camp. :

This result of the slege is the natura: con-
sequence of Lord Roberts's late success in the
Free State and indirectly of the initial
blunder made by Commandant Frasmus,
whose sluggish movement and failure to come
up with Gen. Lukas Meyer in time to prevent
the escape of the British garrison from Dundee
on Oct, 25, enabled Sir George White to con-
centrate the whole of his division for the defence
of Ladysmith, So soon asthe force investing the
town had to be seriously Weakened to relnforee
the army opposing Lord Roberts in the Pree
State, and Gen. Buller threw the whole welght
of his attack on one point, the result achieved
became a foregone conclusion, The state of
the garrison described in Gen. Buller’s
spatch shows, however, how near the Boers
were to accomplishing their object. The
troops have for some time been suffering great
privations, and, worst of all, disease was mak-
ing serious inroads on their strength, and
apparently but for the timely arrival
of relief, they must have soon capitulated,
While Gen. Buller undoubtedly will come in for
a fair share of credit for his achievement, the
merit of having saved the honor of the British
arms certainly belongs to Sir George White
and those serving under him; and the almost
frantiv rejoicings in England of which we are
hearing are perfectly natural under the cir-
cumstances,

The next move of Gen, Buller can only be
matter of speculation for tho moment, but his
first business will be to get in touch with the
Loers again as soon as possible. This he prob-
ably will effect at two points, toward Van
Reenen's Pass and toward Dundee and up
the Neweustle road through the Biggarsborg
Mountains. Having the railway in working or-
der, the Boers will have been able to get their
heavy artillery back to Pretoria or wherever
else it may be intended to use it; and as itis
how more than a week since they were re-
ported to be sending their wagons and equips
ments north, they have had ample time to
reach their next line of resistance

In the same way that the relief of Kimberley
and the surrender of Gen, Cronje reacted on
the Boers in Natal, 80 the relief of Ladysmith
will react on those in the southern half of the
Free State. and oblige them to move north-
ward to their next line of defence, probably to
that already indicated on the Vet River: or it
may pow be even further north, The latest
despatches speak of Gen, French having
already reached Bloemfontein, which, if true,
would indicate that all the disposable Boer
force that was in the southern part of the Free
State has already gone north, having profited
by the delay afforded by Gen. Cronje's
obstimate atand on the Modder Kiver, The
Boers that were in front of Gen. Clemente,
with whom Gen. Kitchener is last reported to
be, and Gen, Gatacre, appear to have melted
away, as the British are advancing without
meeting much resistance. A Paardeberg de-
spateh incidentally mentions that a considera-
ble foree of Boers had appeared to the south.
west, but without indicating in what direction
it was going or from where it had come, If
such is the ease, it must be heard of later, As-
saults on Mafeking during two days, Saturday
and Sunday, are reported to have been re-
pulsed, the Boers losing some forty men.

It is to be noted that all the correspondents
with Lord Roberta speak of the bad condition
ofthe army horses, and urge the necessity of
all the remounts possible baing sent,

 

©
The Boers,

To tar Entton or THE Sun—Sir: Although
the Boers have met with a serious reverse they
have no reason to feel discouraged, The hero-
ism displayed by the gallant Cronje and his
little band of patriots should strengthen their
cause,

There are many whothink that it is the duty

of America to stand by England in this war in
return for England's friendly attitude durin

our war with Spain, Because England anol
by us in @ just cause, 1 cannot see why we
should stand by her in an unjust cause,
Afterall, her attitude was prompted by selfish
reasons. She could not afford to have trouble
withthe United States. I dare say that she
would have sided with Spain if it had been to
her advantage, have very little faith in
England's love for America,

The more I read about this South African
trouble the more convinced I am that England
iswrong. She has violated every one of her
treaties with the Koers and is guilty of grose
treachery toward them. To use the words of
aneminent writer on the subject, “England's
lust for gold stifles all generosity, compassion,
merey, brotherly love and respect for the rlehts
of the weak,” GEORGE F. Surapy, Jr,

New Youk, Feb. 28.

 

The Clerk of the House of Commonsa,

From tye Pall Mail Garette.

The resignation by Bir Reginald Palgrave, K. C. B,
of the Clerkship of the House of Commons j#an
event worthy of something more than @ mere pase:
ingreference, Alikein the conditions of its tenure
andthe vast amount of patronaze which it has at ite
disposal the office which Sir Reginald has juat re-
linquished is one of the mostimportant, if not the
most important, in the whole organization of the
House of Commons

There is only one other official
Commons who possesses the same
asthe Clerk of the Hous’, This is
Arms. Both hold offica directly
from her Majesty, and they cannot,
be removed by any individual authority residing in
the House itself. Solongas they are of
haviour’ they are secure in their position, however
Parliaments may come or go. These are the only
two Officers of the House of who
enjoy the advantage of this strong tenure, The
Speaker is, of course, chosen by adirect vote of the
House itself, the first business of anew Parliament
being to select out of its own membership one who
will preside over its deliberations, The chairman
of the committees is elected in the same way. The
Clerk Assistant and the Second Clerk Assistant are

of the House of
fixity of tenure
the Sergeant-at-
under a patent
in consequence,

“wood be

Commons

appointed by. the Prime Minister of the day
on the recommendation of the Speaker, and
their offlvce is @ statutory and not a pat
entone. So far as patrouaye ia concerned, three
officers of the House have control over various
classes of appointments, In the case of the Speaker,
the library and its officials come within the epnere
of his authority, That is, practically, all the patron
age over which he exercises his jurisdiction outside

the walls of hia own office

Underan Act of George IIL, the Sergeant at-Arnas
isthe housekeeper of the House, He is responsible
forthe maintenance of order throughont all parta
of the Palace of Westminster allotted to the House
f Commons, well as the approaches to the
House, He is, in fact, the head policeman of the
Hou-e of Commons, or, in other he isthe
exer Meerof the House, The Chief Clerk, the
Mice Vacated by Sir Reginald Palgrave, has
supreme control, without any check intervening
between him and them, overall clerks in th
£2,000 per annuun, but

as

words
itive «
just

House

His standing salary is now

   

forinerly lis income was very itch higher. Before
the 52nd Actof George LL. became law, the Clerk
fthe House of Commons received all fees, Out of
these he pad the various clerks under him, and
kept the Dalance In the days of Mr. Hatsell, a

mer Chief Clerk, thia balance of fees amounted
toads tine as £10,000 per anniom,

Phe cost of the Chief Clera'’s Depariinentis far and
away beyond that of either the Spoaker'’s or the
serzeanteat Ar lepartment. Inthe last financial
yravthe expenditure on salaries, allowances, post-
age and incidental expenses in the department of

 

the Chief Clerk amounted to £25,000, while the ex

the Sergeanteat: Aris
andinthe Speaker's department was
The Chief Clerk exercises juriadiction over
Bill Office, the Journal Offee, the Com-
aul the Private Bll Omer. In all as
many as forty-seven clerks are subject to the au
thority of the Chief Clerk, and so faras the positions
of these forty-seven officials concerned, the
Clerk of the Hifise has the absolute power of ap:
pointing and dismissing,

penditure in department

was C10,584
LVN

the Public
mittee Office,

 

 

are

a"

     

 

While the agitation of new State tax systems is

} going on Jet us glance for & moment at State ex
penses Under Democratic administrations from
1888 to PSOS, the extreme sim Of State + Xpetises
for one vear Was $17,487,000 and the mean sum for

| one year was $10,500,000, Under the different: ad
Ministrations since that time Mate expenses have

1900,

 

DEMOCHACY! ABOUT FACE!

 

A Southern Soldier's Protest Against Putting
Anti-Impertalism in the Chicago Platfurm,

To tHe Enprtton or THe S8un—Sir: T am
sorry there is not some more worthy repre-
sentative of the South to enter this protest
against this new negative issue, anti-imperial-
ism, which our Democratic leaders seem bent
on incorporating in our next national plat-
form. Tam but one of the plain people, an
“old soldier” of the latest war, and Lean speak
but for the rank and file of the Demoeratic
party In the South. But speaking for that rank
and file, forthe men who suffer most from de-
foat, whether in battle or in polities, I wish te
énter a protest against this anti-imperial issue,
as plain as] can make it, after nearly a year's
hard study in the Philippines of the conditions
and problems of Philippine retention, and Ido
itin the firm conviction that if our Democratic
leaders persist in carrying us into the next
political campaign on this issue we are doomed
to suffer, not an ordinary defeat, but one which
may prove to be the Waterloo of our party

This is no time for mincing words or ex-
changing compliments, When the leaders are
seeking to foree anew issuc down the throat
ofthe party and are actually beginning, five
months before the political convention, a Pres-
idential campaign on that issue, itis high time
that those who don't care to be read out of the
party in advanee should make themselves
heard

I am unalterably opposed to the party's
adopting this new issue, in the first place, be-
cause a new issue between the Democratic and
Republican parties is totally unneeessary,
There never has been atime in the last twenty
years when the issues were more sharply de-
fined between the two parties upon the tariff,
the money question and the monopolies. Why
then complicate the situation, scatter our
forces and our fire? When we have tried and
true weapons ready to our hand why try to
throw this anti-imperial boomerang?

If the Democratic party insists on fighting
on ground it does not know, but which its op-
ponents do, it will get the same sort of medicine
the English are now getting from the Boers,
If the Democratic party wants to be treated to
ugenuine South African surprise let it insist
in its platform on the secession or recession

as you will—ofthe Philippine Islands to the
Tagalos, or to any orher, orto all of the forty
Filipino tribes, and it will get it at the polls
next November,

Tam unalterably opposed to the party's adopt-
ing this new issue, in the second place, be-
eause itis a selfish and cowardly attenipt to
secure polities! advantage by the evasion of
plain andunmistakable duties upon the part of
this nation. He who seaks to make of the
Monroe doctrine a Chinese wall about the
United States, and prevent her from going be-
yond it to take a hand in the civilizing and up-
building of the world, sadly mistakes the mean-
ing of the immortal Monroe and of the long
line of able, courageous and statesmaniike
leaders of which the Democracy can well and
proudly boast

I am unalterably opposed to the party's
adopting this new issue, in the third place, be-
cause itis directly and vitally opposed to the
best interests of that geographical section of
the United States in which nature and my in-
born love for {t have placed me, It isone thing
to have advocated and maintained the rights of
States, who fought for and helped to win our
original independence, to withdraw from the

union of States and to form anew republic, It
is quite another thing to advocate the giving of
the very same rights which re denied our
Southern States to forty tribes of Malay In-
dians, occupying fortyand more disconnected
pieces of territory, who have done nothing to
deserve those rights, who never had a sepa-
rate political existence of their own, and whose
24 per cent. of trained intelligence is not
enough to control their 07's per cent. of sloth,
ignorance and superstition

f instead of having been in my black nurse's
arms during the war between the States, I had
been capable of bearing arma, I would have
unhesitatingly borne them in defence of tha
principle of secession, But the principle of
secession has been for once and forall time
settled, If the Civil War taught anything at
all it most emphatically taught

1 he Nation's new, indisputable right
Won inthe Court Supreme of awful War,
To keep intact and spread her Sovereignty

 

For the people of the South to advocate the
surrender ofour Philippine territory means
one orthe other of two things, eitherthat wa
are not accepting in good faith the results of
the Civil War, or that we have learned nothing
from so bitter a lesson, It must reflect either
upon our patriotism or our intelligence,

Let our children’s children say with pride
that their forefathers did take back the once
delegated sovereignty of their States and
create # second republic, tha Confederate
States of America, whose short and glorious
history ought to make every American's heart
beat faster and with more patriotic pulsation,
no matter upon which side his grandfather
fought. Let them fee! no sense of shame that
the deelsion of the God of battles was againat
us, orthat upon our lands fell the burden of
settling a disputed constitetional question,
which left unsettled then would have con-
tinued to vex, harass and impede our coun-
try. until flnaily settled in a far bloodier and
more frightful war than the war which even
those who hated the South most were eom-
eee to eall “The War of the Great Rebellion.”
wtous thank God that this war did not
oeenrin 1000) Bat let not one of these chil-
dren say in shame that after our “Lost Cause”
was buried, after the principle of secession was
settled against us, settled for these United
States for all time to come, unwise leaders
sought to revive it and to throw away the
richest and least crowded portion of tropical
territory—of Southern territory—upon the
whole globe, contrary to the true interests
and, as I believe, contrary to the irue senti-
mente) of the Southern people, merely to gain
atempornry partisan, political advantage

EpWin LENNAN JOHNSON

Fort Hir, 8, C,

 

——— <2

 

A Hawk Came Through the Window,
From the Philadelphia Record,

May's Lanpina, N.J., Feb, 23.—The family of
John Clark sat quietly in the sitting room of
their cottage vesterday afternoon when they
were startied by a crash of glass anda great
commotion in the kitchen. Recovering from
their fright and surprise Mr. Clark and hia wife
discovered that a large chicken hawk, probably
making a misealenlation in its downward
swoop for a dainty morsel in the chieken yard,
had dashed against a pane of glass in the
kitchen window and broken through, The bird
was fluttering wildly around the kitehen and
wrecking things generally. Once it struck
Mrs. Clark with its sharp claws and cut a gash
in one of hercheeks, Mr. Clark tried to killthe
hawk, but after alively set-to it managed to get
through the broken window and escape.

   

Paderewskt Growing Bald,

From the Atlanta Journal,

As Padereweki turned to enter his dressing
room a ray of light fell on the back of his head,
Then there was revealed that which has not
been revealed before. Right in the eanter of
the spot trom which all that mass of red hair
radiates there isa bald spot as ble as a half
dollar. Jt was not an optical delusion. Thea
light danced on the shiny spot like a ray of
tens ona billiard ball. Paderewski is getting
bald.

A Card From Mr. Hudson Maxim,

I have noticed
f liquid air,

To rar Forron or THr Susser
inthe daily papers many advertisements

I have been consulted by the organizers of the
Tripler Liquid Air Company concerning the applica.
tion of liquid air to the manufacture of
and at their request wrote them a letteron the sub
but, other than that, I have not been consulted,
un in no way responsible for the claims for

explosives,

ject

and

liquid air which are pow being advertised
Brooktys, Mareh ft, Hupson Maxim

Great Growth of state Expenses,

From the Alhany Times-Union

  

$20,000,000 as the lowest to nearly

varied from
$27,000,000 as the bighest sum expended in one
ndneted om the

were ¢ same

 

year, If the State
eooponical principles as in those years, like Iss
when State expenses wer but $10,500,000, the
sh2.000,000 canal improvement wdt eoom
plished tn five years with @ tax ate uo high+ FP than
thator isw
Interesting Ohio Notes,
From the Clevelind Plain: Dealer
A.W. Patrick of Ohio wants tobe the Demoeryt;

candidate for Viee- President, providing that Woy
Bryan is the party acheoice ¢ President. Mr. Pat

rick was therunning mate of John Ro MeLean when
the latter made hia campangn for Governor of the
Btate of Ohto

Tom L. Johnson will return to this city. It issaid
hat be will be a candidate fur Mayor pext spring,

 

 

FUND FOR WOMAN’S SUFFRAGE.

 

 

Miss Anthony's Plan to Raise 8500,000
Income to Be Spent by Trustees,

Pariapetputa, March 1. — Miss Susan B,
Anthony, who yesterday filed in Washington
articles of incorporation for the fuad which
she hopes to establish for the purpose of bring-
ing woman nearer to the ballot box, said to-
day:

“As set forth in the articles of incorporation
for the term of one thousand years it is pro-
posed to raise $500,000 to be placed inthe
hands of a board of twenty-one trustees,
selected for business ability and sustained in-
terest and effortin behalf of equal and political
rights for women, this sum to be held in trust
by the trustees and their successors, the in-
come to be used at their discretion, The or-
ganization and details of management are to
be left with the trustees, who shall have power
to make all necessary by-laws and regulations,
to provide for the expenses of their meetings
and to perform the acts necessary for carrying
ontthe provisions of the trust. The Board o
Trustees will serve without pay and be self-per-
petuating; all vacancies occurring by death,
resignation, or otherwise will be filled by them,
Furthermore, after the elective franchise has
been gained for women in all the States and
Territories of the Unton, the trustees will be
empowered to use the income of such perma-
nent fand for the edueation of women in polit.
jeal economy, either by the establishment of
chairs in various universities or in such other
manner as may seem toost advantageous for
the education of women in the science of gov.
ernment.”

The corporators, who are also named among
the trustees, are Susan B. Anthony, Rochester,
N.Y. Mary Foote Henderson and Julia Lang:
don Barber of Washington,

DU MAH AUT'S BOOKS AGAIN,

 

Commissioners of Accounts Say the Court
Clerk Is @1,471,04 Short.

For the second time the Commissioners of
Accounts have sent to the Mayor a report of
an investigation into the accounts of Adolph
N. Du Mahaut, clerk of the Eleventh District
Municipal Court, aud they allege that he is
$1,471.04 short in his cash. Justice Wor-
eestor, Who presides over the court, {s a
Republican and sols Du Mahaut. When tho
Commissioners investigated him before, Cor-
poration Counsel Whalen began proceedings
to have hitn dismissed from office, but the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court did
not uphold the charges. The Commissioners
charge that Du Mahaut bas not footed his
cash book since June 1, has failed to enter
264 received for sammonses and has kept
oaccountofthe moneys turned over to the
City Chamberlain, and that an entry of $000
received was changed to $3.50, just before the
pxamination of the books
fhe Commissioners recommend that they
be instructed to examine the books of all the
Municipal Courts, that the Comptroller devise
a uniform system of bookkeeping for the
courts, and that the facta in regard to Du
Mahaut’s books be laid before the District
Attorney and the Corporation Counsel
Mr. DuMahaut said last night that the city
had received every cent that was due ft and
that the charges Were simply @ continuation of
A persecution begun several months ago. His
M. Meyer, will issue a state-

 

   

lawyer, Julius
ment to-day

 

 

Silk Stockings Out of Place,
Fram the At'anta Journal,

Because a lady had on a pair of stockings,
that were not only silk stockings, but had lace-
work stripes in them, with dashes of red and
yellow stitehings—in short, a pair of as pretty
and attractive silk stockings asone could wish
to see, a portion of the performance of Viola Al-
len’s “Christian,” was nearly ruined from an
artistic standpoint and the stage mob came
neareyoluting into a real mob for vengeance
on the stage manager.

It was during the Friday night performance,
The lady in question was a super. With
twenty others she formed the Atlanta contin-
gentto the frantic rabble which stormed John
Storm's church in the slums of London,

All the lady supers had been ordered to ap-
pearat the performance with the oldest and
most dilapidated clothes they could procure.
This particular super came aceording to or-
ders in every other respect except the stock-
ings.

Bhe wore the silk stockings with the lace
stripes.

It was dark on the stage behind the scenes
and the fact that her stockings did not exact)
match the gown and nat she wore escape
notice when the stage manager inspected the
mob, She was allowed to go on in the most
disreputable looking dress ever seen on the
stugeof the Grand, and in perhapsthe prettieat
pair of stockings, in full view of the audience
orratherin half view, for her dress reache
Just below her knees

Ihe stockings proved one of the striking
features of the well-drilled mob to @ certain
portion of the andieanee. They were im-
menselyaporeciated, They were voted a capi-
tal adjunct to amob by nearly all of the au-
dience, The reason they were not appreciated
by the entire audience isthat the entire au-
dienee did not observe them,

The stage manager saw them. When fho
mob came off the stage he was mad. He
called the lady down in great shape, She re-
pited hotly and in a minute there was a big
quarrel in progress. Her friends in the mob
took her side of the issue and for awhile it
looked as ifthe ragged mob would strike and
refuse to goon again

Matters were finally adjusted, however, and
the super with thesilk stockings kept off the
stage forthat night. When she came for the
niatinée performance she wore cotton stock-
ings with great holes inthem, as ordered by
the stage manager,

The Money-Making Mines of Colorado,

From the Denver Republican

A glance at the dividend tables published shows
thatthe mines of Colorado made @ record as divi
dend payers which, in proportion to the amount of
capital actually invested, is highertban any other
Mining section inthe world, the public companies
having paid to date, smelters included, $31,421,125

This does not inelude such well-known dividend
payers as areowned by private individuals or close
corporations, This class of mines will swell the
dividend reeord by not lesa than $1°9,000,000,
so that it be safely estimated that the total
amount of dividends paid by Colorado mines is not
less than $200,000,000, or an average of $5,000,000
per year forthe forty years that mining haa been
carted onin this State,

One extremely interesting feature of the dividend
atatement to date isthe fact that $1,542,000 has
been paid since Jan 1, This list does not include a
number of heavy dividend payors which pay quar-
terly, If this record is keptup during the year, 1900
will be a red-letter period for stockholders,

may

Busy Paciiic Shipping.
From the Portland Oregonian,

There is nota single disengaged grain ship on the
Pacifie coast anywhere between Mexico and Alaska,
Nitrate is undoubtedly drawing more ships out of
the Pacific Coast grain trade than any other factor.

A Massacre Averted,
From the lienver Evening Pos',

Every face was streaked with war paint,
ryeve with Late was gleaming
ery ted hand grasped & weapon,

  

 

As the devi. featured warriors
Swarmed around their startled chieftain
Clamoring for blood and carnage!

 

Orying out that he must lead them
(vainat the unsuspecting paleskins
Dwelling in the fair Durang

‘To avenge a deadly iusult

Blood alone could blunt the sting of!
One of them of highest standing
Known as Jim- that Never Washes,
Had been steered against atin hora
In a quiet game of poker

And had bet a halfadoliar

Ons pat queen tullof dence
And had been .uite neat
With « tush of bobtail species

And an overgrown six shooter,

William Penn Groundhog, the chieftain,
Was a toan of peaceful babite,

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 
   

For the paloskins gave him whiskey,
And the whites juawsa gave him doughnuts
And the bread they'd spoiled in bakiny,
Now he faced that angry tumult
Told the warriors to sea te
Begyed them t rral their passion,
Even jucted Seripture to them,
but they oni sled the louder!
Blood alone | satisfy them
Biootin bucket yetst aming
With the wartith of those who'd ahed it
Mevugadd the th lanced the wardence,
Dil the dreaded batrle cakewalk,
And his red heart <a within him
Tillitcronched down tn his stomach,
Forhe knew thata + pleading
Could not savet ! ! Durangans
From invaduntary baidiess
Milthe Day of tie tion,
Mid the sava iid warwhoope,
Freckle Noss \ +s dangbter,
Stahecuingon ' yt ty bos
Colled the bi et order,
taint
le wolely ghistened
* yrew fountened
Nake t backs w tur.ed toward her
bars Were stuffed with t sand fingers
But her keen vo v hered
Mil the mob en abrert ter
Fied preeipitately er !
All their hostile passion smothered,
ANd wutil the last red nu
Hat hot-footed from ler sence
Preckle-Noss kept on re tog
Kipling’s “Absent Miuded Besean”

 

 

 

| woMER AMONG THE COOK BOOKS.

 

Goethe and Schiller, too, Are Read in the
Kitchens of Boston.

Bostox, Mass., March 1.—Servant girls in
Boston who read Homer, Goethe and Schiller
are spoken of in the labor bulletins of Massa.
chusetts just issued, Investigation by em-
ployees of the State Board of Labor as to the
style of books common tn Boston kitchens
showed that, while cookbooks of various makes
tre the most common, grades of other reads
ing are not at all unusual, In two orthree
cases history, either of the United States or of
England, seemed to be preferred, In one, &
philosophical or critical work was mentioned;
in one, the works of Goethe and Schiller, and
the poems of Homer were spevitied, and in one
the Chautauqua course was followed,

HARVARD JOURNALS FOR POSTERITY,

 

Officials Asked to Record Their Daily Doe
ings for a Month-—To Be Opened in 1060,

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 1,—W. C, Lane,
librarian of Harvard University, has issued @
circular to each member of the Board of Ad®
ministration asking that @ journal of his
daily life be kept during the month of March,
recording faithfully and in as much detail as
he can all that goes on from day. to day include
ing his professional interests, his family intere
ests, his amusements, in fact all the elements

| of his lite,

“Let him,” the cireular read, “imagine that he
{a writing to some friend who has been absent
from Cambridge so long that he has lost touch
with the interests of the university, but who
takes an interest in what is going on, and let
the writer call up as vividly as possible what
is taking place,”

A list of more specific requirements has also
been issued. itincludes work connected with
university duties, preparation for class work
class appointments, with comments on
any characteristic or notable items, leds
tures or addresses to students, not included
under regular appointments, faculty and dee
partmental meetings and committee work,
administration work, individual relations wit
students, professional work, — professiona
studies not immediately connected with teache
ing, literary work, preparation of books,
articles, reviews, &c.; correspondence growing
out of professional work, lectures, meetings,
&c., not directly connected with the university s
persoual occupations, domestic oceupatlonss
social relations, entertainments, Ae,

The circular then says:

A writer is of course at liberty to give, ifhe
chooses, a more comprehensive account of une
dertukings in which he is or has been engaged
A brief account of his ordinary occupations and
course of life during the summer would in all
cases be a desirable addition,’

The journals when finished are to be placed
separately in stout envelopes and sealed by tha
writers, They will be deposited ina zine-lined
chest, solacred up and securely fastened

The chest is to remain absolutely closed
until the year 1025, and no general use of the
records will be permitted earlier than LOGO,
Between 1025 and 150, however, any indie
vidual record may be opened and used if the
writer has died and his family or literary exe
ecutors wish the material for biographical pure
poses Allother records are to remain intact
and unopened until (he year eso,

It is purposed to add to the written narra-
tives a comprehensive collection photos
graphs of places, buildings and rooms, and
everyone will be asked to contribute what
photographs he can, ilustrating the present
aspect of Cambridge In carrying out this
plan a limited numberof stadents will be asked
to assist, so that all grades of the life ofthe
university may be represented in the record

of

SAMOAN CLAIMS TREATY

Exchange Copies Coming by Mail Acrose
the Atlantic May Not Arrive in Time.

Wasuincton, March 1.—-A race to save @
treaty Is taking place onthe Atlantic, but the
officers of the two steamships engaged in it
are not aware thatso much depends on their
early arrival at New York. The treaty is that
arranged between Great Britain, Germany und
the United States for the adjustment by arbi
tration of the claims growing out of the bom-
bardment of Samoan villages by British and
American warships during the Mataafan up.
rising last year. Under the terms of the agreas

ment, the ratifications must be exchanged bo-
tween the three Goveruinents on or before
March 7

Germauy and Cireat Britain have ratified tha
treaty and the United States Senate has con.
firmed it, the American copy awaiting only the
signature of President Mehiniey and Secretary
Hay to make its ratification complete. The
German and British exchange copies hava
been mailed to Washington and are on steame
ers, the names of which the State Department
does not know, due to reach New York on tha
night of March).

Special arrangements will be made to have
the foreign exchange copies taken from the
steamers without delay and brought to Washe-
ington, Should there be any delay in the are
rival] ofthe mailsteamers, the ratifleations can.
not be exchanged here within the limit of time
fixed by the treaty. A failure to exchange the
ratifications on or before March 7 will result in
the death of the treaty and make it necessary
to negotiate a new one, which will be subject to
the delays incident to its contirmation by the
United States Senate, the German Bundesrath
and the British Crown

In order to save the treaty, provided tha
steamers do not arrive on time, the three Gove
ernments have two ways open to them, which
fre regarded as unsatisfactory. One of these is
to agree on Aprotocol extending the time for
the exchange, The other is to make the exe
change by cable, a questionable method, sele
dom taken advantage of. The United States
Government prefers the regular method, which
leaves no question as to the legality of a treaty
and binds the signatory powers to its observe
ance,

MAY FAI Le

UNIVERSITIES IN A

The Leading Educational
the Country Form an

Cutcaco, March 1.—Representatives of the
leading universities of the country have
effected a permanent organization to consider
matters of mutual interest. In the absence of
President Eliot of Harvard University,
President Wheeler wos mace temporary
chairman at the meeting to-day. Presie
dent Jordan of the Leland Stanford,
Jr,, University, on behalf of the Comite
tee on Permanent Organization, consisting of
David Starr Jordan, Monsignor Conaty, Wille
jam Rainey Harper. William Komaine Newbold,
and W. H, Pettee presented the report on the
articles of organization of the Association of
American Universities. It declared that the
association is founded for the purpose of cone
sidering matters of common interest relating

to graduate study, and thatthe initial mem.
bership consists of University of California
Catholic University of America, University of
Chieago,Clark University,Colum bia University,
Cornell University, Harvard University, Johne
Hopkins University, University of Michigan,
Princeton University, University of Pennsyle
vania, Leland Stanford, Jr, University, Univere
sity of Wiseonsin, Yale University. Other ine
étitutions may be admitted at the annual cone
ference on the invitation of the Executive
Committee indorsed by three-fourths of the
members of the association,

Officers were elected as follows: President,
President Charles W. Eliot of Harvard Unie
versity: Vice-President, President Benjamia
Ide Wheeler of the University of Californias
Secretary, President William Rainey Harner of

SOCIETY,

 

Institutions ef
Association,

the University of Chicago, The remaining two
members of the Executive Committes ara
President Daniel ©. Gilmanof Johns Hopkins

University and President Seth Low of Colume
bia University

Foreign Notes of Keal Interest,

Java has taken tothe bicyele, and keopsa factory
that has been established at Samarang busy

Now that John Ruskin is dead a Ruskin Union”
has been formed in London for t purpose of

studying his works.

  

 

In Paris last year among the arth les left ale
were 8,000 umbrellas, 500 corsets and about a hum
dred funeral wreaths

A fashion of wearing bracelet nitot mmon
among English officers, has beon taken up by the
British Volunteers who are y ¥ fo south Africa

Sir William Hunter, who was I rGeneral of
the great "Statistical Survey of In isdead atthe
ave of 60 years, He wrote a ' f books on
Initia, and was at work on a} f India, of
which the firat volume nas beet !

Man's pertidy t) woman siotef trouble
in Vienna. The society ore f r I reached
A point that wled for fr the
pohee Wart a were se , at ae
Mitst not Le 4 1 and ' ‘ y
women were sunimonelte Police Headuuarters and
ecantioned against allowing the ‘ “ longer tn
their parlors, Th 1 edith ! Moon indig
nantly when the Chief of Poli real to them the
Names of the persons w hal { money at their
houses aud the sume lost viter buuting around

fora time it Was diseovered that the persons who
had betrayed them were their own busbands who
found all other methods inetlective bo stop badie

Gambling.