PRODUCTIONS OF DRAMA.

_—_—

HELENA MODJESKA APPEARS IN A
NEW HISTORICAL PLAY,

 

Marie Antoinette Used by Clinton Stuart as)

 

ors in
rican
Wagner,

a Stage Heroine Japanese A
Their Matinee Pieces-The A
Debut of the German Carl
Holena Modjeska figured as tho actress and

Clinton Stuart as the author in the introduc

 

tion of Queen Marie Autoinetto as a stage
heroine at the Fifth Avenue Theatre last
night. They seemed to have agreed
upon an ennoblement of the char-

acter, as they gave only a glimpse of her
frivolous nature, but provided ample views of
her fine conduct as 4 wife, mother and guillo-
Thoy showed her frst as resort-

tine martyr,
theatricals at Trianon to

to amateur

ing ;

distract ber mind from her loss of
popularity with the people and from the
menaces of her political enemies, In this

scone al! her lightness of head and heart ended
with Mirabeau's ominous deflanece, which the
playwright took the liberty of making Latay-
ette deliver, We saw her nextat the Tullleries,
where @ condensation of actual incidents
for theatric use reached a climax in
the storming of the palace by the mob, Subse
quently she was depicted in durance at the
Temple, where her intercourse with ber hus-
band and children displayed her as womanly

in the highest degree, and in the prison
of the condemned, where her resolute.
ly resigned departure for the — seaffold

madean impressive end to the tragedy. No
drama of the French Revolution can be other
tha: cr my ead, The audienes cannot be
jo to take @ chrerful view of a per-

 
 

mn
sonage whose head ts surely to be eut
of. The guillotine was pot a final

exhibit, as it has been in most of the plays of
French bloodshed, but its sombre shadow was
thrown on every seene, even the light one with
which the action began, The lugubriousness
set in soon and lasted clear through, Never-
theless, this was not a pathetic pleee, Too
much of it was made up of political
expositfon and discussion; the characters
wore tiresomely loquacious concerning their
own merits; the movement was tedlously siow
and the scenes of sorrow were drawn out to
feeble attenuation. Praise of the composition
must be confined to its careful dignity of lan.

guage and deportment, It was good literature

but a poor play-excellent in form bat well
nigh worthiess in substance=-an appeal to
heads and not to hearts,

Modjeska has reached the zenith of her

abilities and passed alittle beyond it. She was

obviously old enough to have been the mother |
| although
| he seems to

consort,

ofthe French king's fair Austrian
and, therefore, she could not realize to the

  

    

eye the familiar portraits and printed
descriptions, Her volce is not as strong
or ductile as it used = to be These
facts must be given to our readers. Atthe
sume time the pleasanter truth may be told
that her fine, old-fashioned method of acting
was unimpaired. Her perfor ‘ ssessed
that even balance of precision and spontaniety,
ofartifive and naturalness, whieh long ago
gained the admiration of critical people
while it made a measuratly successful appeal

tothe multigydein its day, The audiences last
night lacked hothing th appreciation but found
little of genuine enjoyment, In ali candor it
may be written that, in) personal interest and
artistic satisfaction, there wis a good degrea
oftriumph tor the Polish actress, Her faulty
wonunclation of English suggested the
oreign individuality of the Austrian Queen
of France, and so what has been detriment
served this time to help the characterization
The regal erace and relinement of the imper-
sonation were delightful, There
facile range from comedy of gay life to tragedy
of grewsome death as few actresses can com-
pase, The poignancy of her farewells to her hus-

vandand children, and ofherown preparations |

for decapitation, was expressed to the fullest,
All these points of ability were duly appreci-
ated, and there was consideratle applause
after the falls of the curtain. But there was no
real suceess for “Marie Antoinette,” and no
fresl laurels for Modjes

An interesting and uncommon sight
shown at the Berkeley Lyceum
when the Imperial Japanese Dramatie Com-
pany from the Kawakami Theatre, Tokio, ap-
peared for the firsttime in New York. This
organization is managed by Otojiro Kawakami,
{ts chief actor, He was connected with
the Japanese legation in Paris some years
ago, and became much interested in the ad-
vanced state of the drama. When he returned

 

 

was

home he and his wife Sada Yacco showed their |

countrymen the fruit of their Parisian obser-
vations, Kawakami is of an old and wealthy
Japanese family, and with his own money and
aid from the Government he built a theatre
modelled on those of France. He and his wife
head a company of pupils of Kawakami, His
methods are like those that we are used to
and very different from what is usual in
Japan. The plavera are on their way to
the Paris exhibition ard will spend a fortnight
in New York, The plays used last night at the

Berkeley) were various in manner, The
first resembled French fares in that it |
showed a suspicious wife, a sportive hus-
band and ai dancing” girl, The man

makes a figure of a
The statue comes

{s a seulptor, and he
Geisha, whom he admires,
to life, and indulges in a fantastic dance,
fn whieh he joins, The wife returns,
and, finding the two together, becomes sus-

picious, He persuades her that this affece
tion is harmless, and the three become
friends, Inthis sada Yaeco showed herself to
pe a clever pantomimisat and a graceful
dancer Judging by her handsome dresses
ahe is the Japanese Elsie de Wolf Kawakami
did not appear in this play, but his chance
came in the sec { rhis was called “The

 

Royalist-Kojuma Takanori,” and was a pieture

of war and bloodshed, The plot was much in-
volved, but the audience enjoved it as a
6pirited serap, And it was a lively tussle,
too, ‘Theswords had blunt edges and when
hit violently together cleetric sparks shot
forth with spectacular effect, ‘The most amus-
ing, if least dramatic, Juneture Was when one)
contestant spat in the other's eye, The

Jatter, in an unguarded) moment, put
his hand up. to” his faes, and his
opponent kicked him in the abdomen and thus
foully knocked him out. This came tn the
finvie when the royalist was victorious as one
Man against the Itwas a reminderof ‘The
Three Musketeers.”

he third and last play was the moat inter.
esting, and it really engrossed the audience
deeply, Ittold the story of a geisha, a woman
with a past, who could not get the true love of
@éo man and died of a broken heart. In this
. . and Sada Yaeco did some really
acting on the same lines that we are
yr with Tn the intermissions an inter-
preter explained the plays, Alsoamansanga
doleful song in an extravrdinary volee, It was
apparent'y intended to be serious, but the
Budience regarded it as a joke, Takenas a
Whole the performance was ily interest.
ing and instructive, but enjoyable merely as an
entertainment

     

      

Car| Wagner, who was to have appeared last
night at the Irving Place Theatre for the first
time in this country, fell a sudder. victim tothe
weather yesterday morning and his début was
postponed until Monday evening, It is honed
that he may have recovered his voles sufficiently
by that time to declaim the speeches
of Heineich, the bell pounder in “Die Versun-
kene Glocke,” in which he was to have been
seen last night. It is a fortunate attribute ofa
repertoire theatre to be prepared for such
emergencies, So it was possible to offer the
large audience a new play if not a new actor.
Max Dreyer's “Hans” had been in rehearsal for
some time and was ready for production. It
had been postponed only on account ot Herr
Wagner's visit.

Max Dreyer is a dramatist who is claiming
considerable attention in his own country
to-day. His plays are constantly before the
public and ho {js rapidly becoming a signifl-

 

 

  

cant figure among writers for the German
stage. “Hans” seen last night is domestic,
rathera monotone in charact ! extremety
simpleinitsdevelopment, [ti neerne twith
the actions of half adozen persons living on a
smail island in the German Qeou \ protes-
sorof natural history kept there by lis work

calls his daughter “Hans” because of her inde-
pendence of character and bee almost maseu-
line assistance in his labor, A friend of eariy
youth comes to visit hor and Confesses thatshe

$ mourning not only her parents but

    

   

her child by a lover who deserted
her, The professor, ignorant of | this
fuot, falls in love with her ind
his feelings undergo to change when he hears |
ot her misfortune, Hi tle stronger
ty nity and bis daug preven! noiae
ringe, rsuaced her iy that she is
still deveted to ber | Love work
change in the asnghter's views, hows

ind after her own betrothal to a retired

 

naval officer living on the island Ishe wants to
eee her father and her friend happyin their
affection. She accomplishes this, and, untike

st modern Ge; man plays, there is happiness
wrallinthoend, “he coutrasting characters

 

| than it didin the preceding parts,

| were presented by Mmes, Pevuy, Kel

was such a |
t | volver on the mantel

 

last night, |

| concluded that the burwlar alarm

 

 

 

 

of the two girls are delightful, and In the hands
of Anna Braga and Ada Merito, proved the most
interesting phage of the new play. And tho
comedy assigned to two very lovable old people
was fully realized by Wilhelmine Schlueter and
Franz Kierschmer,

THE OPER41,

 

The Audience Not Very Large at Goetter-
daenmmerung” Last Evening,

The first series of performances of the Nibe-
luogen Ring ended last night at the Metropoli-
tan Opera House when “Goetterdaem-
merung” was sung for the first time
during the present season, It cannot
be said that the public showel much
greater Intorest in this section of the eycle
The audi-

ence was not large although “Goetterdaem-

merung” used to be aceounted one the
best-liked works in this great series
of musie-dramas., ast year it awakened

more enthusiasm than any of the operas inthe
trilogy and was heard by vast audiences at all
of the four representations, Then Jean de
Reavke, as the mature Siegfried, was a novelty
potent enough to give to this work the
distinetion of drawing larger gatherings than
anytwo of the other divisions of the ring
His place was taken last night by M Dippel.

It is probable that the public prefers the
Nibelungen Ring with the cuts eustomarily
made, Usually, the operasare long enough then
forthe average audience and the addition of
an hour or more to the length of the
principal works Is not jikely to increase their
general popnisrity, The opening scene bet ween
the threa Norns who weave their fateful
thread, the duet between Brunnhilde and
Waltraute and the” restoration of much
of Albericl’s musie in the seene with
lagen are the principal eplaodes restored
when ‘Gostterdecm mo rung is sung as it was
last night in itsentirety. The performances, to
make these additions possible, began at (45
o'clock and came to an end five hours later,
Such an allowances {fs not likely to appeal to a
publie which has alrealy shown a disinelina-
tion to patronize the opera as liberally aa it

did last year, ; ;
@ representation last night was,in the
Mme, Brunns

 

main, admirable Nordlea’s

hide has been. heard here before and
it was easily the most brilliant achieve-
ment in last night's performance. She
Was in superb volce and acted with

wreatabandon. She attimes lacks the breadth
necessary for the most dramatic climaxes of
the opera, but her intervretation as a whole
was oa a high plane of excellence

M. Dippel had never been heard bere before
last night as NSiegfied in “Goetterdaem-
merung.’ It must have been a surprise
to most of the audience to see how
satisfuectorily he came through the or-
deal His acting in the svene with
Bevunhide was especially good and through.
out the entire opera, his singing was admir-
able, Noother r in whieh he has appeared
this season has done more to establish his
valnetoth LIPANY.

M. Fuouard de heszke isan excellent Ilagen
the role {8s not one) with which
have barticular aym-
Susan strong war A good
and Mime S&ehumann-Heink
declatmed superbly Waltranfe phraaes, ere
Herr Friedriehs proved as unsatisfactory as
usnualin ther theriech, The three fate
ee and

 

 

pathy

(hutrune

 

 

Schumann-Heink

Emil Paur con dueted with greater discretion
in the later scenes than he didatthe beginning
of the opera. The orchestra was mueh too
loud at the outset, and occasionally asserted
itself aggressively, tothe dumage of the general
effect

SHOT DAUGHTER BY ACCIDENT,
Mrs. Rite Fired to Arouse Neighbors—
Thought Burglars Were in the House,
Mrs, Eugenia Rie, a widow, of 1105 Park
place, Brooklyn, accidentally shot her eighteen.
year-old daughter Helen early yesterday
morning. Mrs, Khille always kept a loaded re-
in her sleeping aparte
ments, To acquire expertness in its use she
had ovcasionally practised shooting at a target

inthe rearyard. She was afraid of burglars
At 3 o'clock yesterday morning the burglar
alarm went off and aroused the family, who
gathered in the back parlor. Mra. Rifle
grabbed the revolver, while her two daughters
atepped to the front windows, it having been
decided that the windows should be opened
and the revolver discharged into the street

| with a view to alarming the neighborhood and
bringing police assistance,
the children thought that the burglars were |

Mrs. Riffle and
actually in the house and ready to spring on
them at any moment. While the two girls
were in the act of opening the windows the
mother discharged the revolver. Nearly a
quarter of an hour passed before she or the
victim herself was aware that the bullet bad
struck Helen. The mother, after the first dis-
charge, handed the revolver to her son Oscar,
and he fired two shots into the street

Park Commissioner George V. Brower, who
lives almost opposite, heard the shots and
sith bis two sons hastened to the Rifle house,
The Browers could tind no trace of burglars
anywhere about the house and a squad of
policemes from the Atlantic avenue station
must have
been set off by accident. It was not until after
the arrival of the police that Helen realized
that she had been shot, The mother dis-
covered, to her astonishment, that there was a
bullet wound in the right side of the back
about one and one-half inches from the spine
Dr. Lydia M. Barnett was summoned and de-
cided that the bullet had passed through the
lower part of the tung and lodged in the
abdominal eavity. The wound, she said, was
much of the same character as that which
killed President Garfleld and the wound which
disabled Maitre Labor!, counsel for Dreyfus
She did not attempt to probe forthe bullet. It
is thought that Miss Riffle will recover.

Police Captain Reynolds investigated the
shooting ant concluded that it was accidental,

 

DURYEA, WHOSE NECK
Has Recovered Sensation Completely
Control of His Muscles Partly,

WAS BROKEN,

 

and

Walter Duryea, whose neck was broken early
last summer by a dive into shallow water at
the Duryea country place, Glen Cove, L, 1, and
who has been a patient at Roosevelt
Hospital in a condition of partial paralysis. is
steadily improving, He has now full control of
the muscles of the upper partof his body, and
though the lower part of his body Is still para-
lyzed and he is unable to walk or stand, sensa-
tion has returned, which is regarded asa very
hopeful sign. He himself is confident of his
eventual recovery, His cousin, W. L. Duryea,
said yesterday: ‘

“My cousin is steadily gaining. There has
been no set back since the beginning. Some of
the newspapers printed some time ago a state.
ment that he was veryill of pneumonia, He
has not had pneumonia at any time, orany
other trouble except the paralysis. He isin
excellent soirics, which is half the battle ina
cae ike his, more than half,in fact, as there is
no medicine given to him or the present he
will remain in the hospital, He is well con-
tented there and enjoys journeying up and
down the long eorridors in his wheeled chair,
If he continues to imorove steadily, he may
leave the hospital l tein the spring or earyin
thosummer, [think Dimay say that the whole
famtiv are much eaecouraged over his progress
and jook fora complete recovery in time.”

siner

 
 
 

 

WAR TARLET WILL BE RECAST,
Six Names Left Off the Memorial to the

Forty-seventh and Five Misspelled,

A bronze tablet in memory of soldiers of the
Forty-seventh Regiment of Brooklyn who died
during the Spanish war was unveiled last night
in Christ Episcopal Church, Williamsburg,
The tablet, which is mounted in marble, eon-
tains only elght names instead of fourteen, and
five of the names are spelled incorrectly, It
was decided by the committee whieh had the
affair in charge to carry out the exercises in
spite of the errors, The tablet will be recast,

CITY CONTRACT FOR J. CO. SHEEHAN,

His Firm Will Lay the Fort Hamilton Sewer
for %396,000,

The contracting firm of O'Brien & Sheehan,
of which the Hon. John C, Sheehan, Tammany
Fxecutive Committeeman trom the Ninth
Assembly district, is the Junior member, haa

made the lowest bid for the Port Hamilton

sewer, its Igures betng $306,000, and the con-
tract will bea nwarded tothe frm. Mr. Sheehan
is fightirg the Hon. Richard Croker's friends
inthe Ninth to retain bis leadershyy
TAM VOR DEVERWS COACH,
The Chief Too Heavy for One Horse to
Haul, So He Gets a Pair’ Cost ®500,

The Police Board has presented to Chief
Devery a pair of horses for bis oficial cab. The
eab, whieh is known in Mulberry street as “Tha

 

Loyal Chariot,” was too heavy for one horse to
haul with Devery, Who is ho featherweight. ine
wid Che horses. cost Bolu lhough they

vnoe from Canada they have been named |
unanimously Kroger and Joubert

Paying Off Dewey Theatre Mortgage,
Senator Tim D, Sullivan has just paid offa
$40,000 morigage on the Dewey Theatre in

Fourteenth street, A mortgage of $1¥0,000
oti) remalus on the property,

ssp sa -

} ‘little

| been able to play onl

 

      
  

A TONIC

17 «WITH HBUMMEL
MAGISTRATE’S NOSE,

NETHERSOLE SIPS

AND SHARES
UNDER THE

 

To-day She Will Testify Herself on the
Charge of Indecency- Objects to Having
“‘Sapho's’? Doings Charged to Nethersole

~Police Chiefs said to Be on Her Side, |

The prosecution tn the ease against Olga
Nethersole, charged with indecent behavior in
her production of the play “Sapho,” at Wal-
lack's Theatre, closed at the Centre street
court yesterday, and this morning Miss Neth-
ersole will goon the witness stand and say
things in her own behalf. Yesterday she
looked very pale, and the nervousness that was
apparent at the beginning of the examination
'nereased as the case proceeded, What seemed
to disturb her more than anything else was the
constant use by one witness of the
day, W. O. Inglis, of her own name In connee-
tion with his deavriptions of alleged indecent
situations, Wheneven her gem-studded vin-
algrette failed to comfort her, Miss Nethersole
rose in her plaee and requested that the wit-
ness use her stage name, @ request that the
witness complied with at once,

Still Miss Nethersole was not comfortable,
and perceiving this, her secretary, Miss Maud
Clayton, who is also an actress in the “Sapho”
company, extracted from the folds of her long
cloak asmall wine glass and a pretty eilver
flask, She poured out a glass of what seemed
to be port wine, and Miss Nethersole drank
halfofit. Then she passed the glass over to
Mr. Humme!, who stopped his examination
long enough to finish the glags.

The Magistrate's eyebrows went un, and the
privileged onesin the court roc: looked at
each other in astonishment. However, no
comment was made, neither was anything
sald when a moment later Miss Clayton filed
up the glass ones more, and Mr. Humm=|, after
emptying halfof it, passed the rest cver to

Miss Nethersole, who sipped what wos left
until it was all gone
Agreat dealoftime that was not spent in

questioning the witness was put in by the
Magistrate, wilnesses and others, in examining
anumber of photographs produced by the de-
fence, but putin evidenee by the prosecution
The most important of these was a large one
showing Miss Nethersole on a pedestal, posing
us “Sapho.” Magistrate Mott was particularly
interested in this picture, because the seene it

portrays has been deseribed as very improper
by the World witnesses, The pieture shows
the actressattired inaelinging gown of light

material, with her shoulders and arms bare
The Magistrate rubbed his eyeglasses several
times while examining the picture, but did not
seem to be very much shoeked

 

The frst question put tothe witness Inglis
was what he thought of the seene on the stair.
case in the flest act. Inglis said that, unlike
Mrs. Church, he did not stop when the curtain
fellon this seene, but followed the eouple in
his mind toa room, Where they spent the night
together

} stiaply followed the events of the even.
ng, said the witness. “She had fascinated

him at the bail and he had gone home with her,
My impression was that they remained to
rethor

The witness wanted to give his impressions
of the balance of the performance, but an ob-
ject! nby Mr. Huminel was sustained by the
Mapistrate

Mr. Hunimel protuced the written eriticiams

 

  

of Vietor Mabes and WOR. Sill, dramatic critics
of the World. He read this passage from the
critieisin of Mr. Mapes. written the morning
a “Sapho":

fter the first eee mn of
"New York bias seen many a play that eould
ind spades and wio in two hands.”

wive iteards
Inglis said that he didn't agree with the
critic of his own paper as to the immorality of

the play. Ele was asked if he hadever appeared
asa censorof morals before, but was saved from
answering by an objection put in by the Dis-
trict Attorney

“L want to show,’ said Mr. Hummet, “that

the prosecution in thia case is not sincere, and |

that the Wor/7is detiberately trying to foist a
cuse Upon you.”

“T don't propose to have any newspaper
flzhts on mv hands,” sald the Magistrate: "T
have no tnterest in this sort of thing at all. The
question withme ia simply whether the law bas
been Violated by these defendants.’

“The ease was brought before vou,” put in
Mr. O'Reilly, “because when the Grand Jury
wanted to take it up I advised them that it wa
nota matter for them at that time, but must
first go before a Magistrate.”

In his testimony on Tuesday, Mr Inglis had
deseribed the actress who plays the part of
Toto o@ a little girl who wore # gown the
skirt of which was cut above her knees and
the bodice of whieh was very low. ILnylis re-

peated that his evidence on that point was
accurate, and that he distinetly remembered
this costume Mr. Hummel promptly pro-
duced a photograph of the “little girl,” who he

sail was a married Woman with a large stage
experience, The pieture showed her in askirt
thateame down almost to her ankles and a
bodice that was cut unusually high in the neck
He then stated that this was the eostume coms
plained of by the witness, and Inglis had to
almitthat it was. It was also shown that the
wirl’’ stands 5 feet S inches in her
stocking feet. Mr. Hummel then tackled the
witness on thé amount of prejudice that he
carried into the theatre with him and, after a
great deal of fencing, the witness estimated
his prejudice as 5 per cent,

iof Devery, who had been in the court room

 

 
  

bout an hour, was singled out by Mr
ily at this juneture and informe! that as
he would not be required hemight retire. The

Chief didn't take the invitation to retire in good
spirit, and remarked:

“T didn't come here for the District Attorney,
TI was subpanded by the World.”

The story around the court room was thatthe
Chiet had been subpenaed under the impres.
sion that after his visit to Wallack’s Theatre he
regarded “Sapho”’ as an immoral play, It
seems, however, that the Chief has takea the
same view of the performanes as Lospector
Thompson, whothinksitis a good show and
not immoral, and means to say so when Mr
Hummel ealls him to-day or to-morrow, The
Chief has been around at. every examination,
with his subpana in his hand, waiting to be

ealled,

  
 

 

Stole Three Copies of “Sapho,."'
Nathan Goldram, 11) years old, was arraigned
inthe First Criminal Court in Jersey City yes.
terday, charged with stealing three copies of

“Sapho"” from the Union News Company's |
stand in the Pennsylvania Railroad waiting
room. Detective Morris caught him taking the

books and asked him what he Intended doing
with chem
read them, Pol
hita in default of
Grand Jury,

dJusticn Nevin committed
all to await the aetlon of the

 

 

t

‘sSapho'’ Turned Down in Connecticut,

Norwark, Conn. March 1.—The Mayors of
cities allover tha State of Connecticut are re-
fusing to grant lttenses for the
“Sapho” in the theatres within their jurisdic.
tion. It ia believed that the attraction will
shortly juinp into some other State, as it has
nt intervals and the ex-
penses incurred in arriving at atown and then
failing to geta license have been exceedingly
heavy

De Pachmann Gives a Chopin Recital,

Viadimirde Pachmann played yesterday af-
ternoon at Mende!ssohn Hall a programme de-
yoted exclusively to the work of one composer
Asthis composer was Chopin and the pianist
selected his lighter forms, it may be un-
derstood the recital was of a kind to show the
performer at his best. Only preludes, mazur-
kas and etudes were on the programme,

 

Mendelssonh Hall is better sulted to an en- |

joyment of his talents than some of the
jarger audience rooms. Yesterday his read-
ings were oecasionally so uneonventional
asto seem adistortion in comparison with the
usual tempo and rhythm at which they are
played, There were often equally characteris-
tie differences from the accepted interpret
tion of the musie. but the delicacy and beanty
ofhis toueh were as potent as ever in ¢harm
ing the audience,

 

 

Notes of the Opera,

remaining in the
Opera House will

The three performances
week at the Metropolitan

offer novelties for the present season Tos
morrow evening “Tristan und Isolde” will be
ing for the first time during the season, M
Van Dyek and Mile, Terina will be heard inthe
two leading roles for the frst time in this !
} country M. Van Dyck assumes the rele of |
fristan for the first time anywhere
On Saturday evening “Rigeletto”’ will he
|} given forthe first time this vear, Mma,

 

Sombrich and Messrs. Sceottl and Salignac will

have the leading roles, — M. Seotti has never
been heard here at Rigoletto, At the Saturday
matipce Mme. Kames will sing A/so forthe

} flrsttimeduring the present season and will

wcostumes designed by her husbaud.

(01, Davis, Alvin Joslyn,’ Dead.

» Mareh 1,-Charies L. Davis,

proprietor of the Alvin Theatre, died this after-

noonoef paralysis aged 52. He leaves, so far

aus known, no relatives, Davis madea fortune

with the play of “Alvin Joslyn.” in which he
layed the ehial part Diamonds were his hobe
y 40d he leaves 945,000 Worth,

wear ne

PITishURG

THE SUN, FRIDAY, MARCH 2;

 

| the hotele this winter is

| keep

| of bargains as women

| betwee
| which I have thos far manufactured on specu. *

 

Goldram replied that he meant to |

production of |

 

ti

 

 

   

LIVE TOPICS ARVUT TOWN,

 

Lycurgus F. Laflin. who died at Old Poirt
Comfort several days ago, was generally aup-
posed to have the finest private collection of dia-
monds, rubies, emeralds and sapphires tn this
country. Although he ealled Chicago his home,
he spent as much time in this city as he did
there and he was never too busy to start onthe
trail ofa valuable stone which hewanted., He
became interested In precious stones many
years ago and he had not only money enough

to gratify his fad for collecting them, but
also discrimination enough to seleet only
the best The only conspicuous plece
of jewelry which he wore was avery

valuable black pearl! stud, but he always car-

ried in pouches in his pocketa enough unset
stones to make him a rich prize fora highway:
man. Apparently, he had no fear of losing his
gems in that fashion, and whenever he met a
man at the hotel where he happened to be stay-
ina who showed an interest in rubles or dia-

 

monds, he would pull out a pouch of un
set stones for his inspection, One of the
most valuable stones in his collection was
a pigeon-blood ruby, While he was in St,
Augustine, several years ago, a New
York expert in precious. stones saw

someof Mr Lat'n'’s rubles andemeralda, He
placetavalue oo) them, and Mr, Lattin sald
that his collect on at that time was worth near-
ly a million doliars,though he had not paid any-
thing like that amount for it. He bonght the
stones from the {mporters and lapidaries di-
rect, and his judgment as to their value was as
goodas that ofa professional expert, He said
that he could make a larger profit by selling

| the precious stones which he owned than he

had ever made in any stock transaetions,

The tenant of the burned West Side apart-
ment nouse last week who wanted to telephone
toa hotel for a room before he left the building
showed a degree of caution which was war-
ranted by the facts, Hotel men say that never
before have the hotels been so crowded as they
are this winter, and for the last few weeks it
has been almost impossible for strangers to
get rooms in any of the larger hotels. Although
the Waldorf-Astoria has accommodations for

about 1.400) people, it has been forced
to. turn away strangers — every day,
and a dozen other big hotels have
done the same thing. ‘This condition of

| Offaira was discussed at the hotel men’s din-

her several weeks ago and one hotel pro-
prietor who regretted that he had pot larger
accommodations sald: “The only explanation
that Tean give for the unusual erowding of
that people generally
dre more prosperous and that the hotels now
offer many more com'orts than they did a few
years ago Ont-of-town people who used to
renta furnished house in New York afew
years ago now cometothe hotels. If they are
Willlugto pay the price, they may get all th
comforts of home, even privay,

Club
hosts of #0

The members of the famous Gridiron
of Washington, who have been
MALY notable ove are coming to New
York next week to be the guests of the Lotos
Club. The Gridiron Club is composed ot
Washington newspaper correspondents and
literary men and its dinners are unique in
wavs. Fach President of the United
States is expeeted to attend at least one of the

1 accept

many

Gridiron dinners during his term an
his the roasting which is
dealt guests 8 privilege,
The most ifesinen, foreign
representatives and Army and Navy officers in

share of
out to the
)

istinguished st

 
 

Washington are among the guests of this
club at its dinners, and eaeh in turn is roasted
in a highly selentiile fashion, The speeches
and afte inner proceedings of the club are
never | ished. On'y one Gridiron man sinee
it was organized has ever violated this club
rule and he patd the penalty forit by losing his
membership and belnw barred from all elnb
dinners, ‘dhe guests know that the speech.

making is done under the rose and

they indulge in a freedom of expression

which would be indisereet ata public dinner,
'

 

Where their remarks might reported for
the newspapers. The old Felloweraft Club
Which was absorbed bythe Lotos Cluuoa tew

years ago hada membership restricted to men
who wrote or drew illustrations forthe news-
papers and weekly or monthly publications,

 

| and all of its dinners were under the rose. Be-

fore the speevhmaking began a large paper
rose Was suspended above the table andthe re-
sults proved the advantage of this policy. Men
whocould not afford to speak freely at public
dinners attended those of the Felloweratt and
spoke without fear of publication, The Grid-
iron men will find themselves among old
friends at the Lotos Club,

A downtown tailor who charges large prices
for his clothes has protited by the system of
the misfit clothing stores this winter and on
the strength of it he bas had work enough to
his employees busy all winter, "Just
after the holidays,” he said, in explaining his
scheme, “my business is usually dull. Ibada
lot of good hands whom I didn’t want to dis-
charge and [thought L would employ them tn

making up overcoats that would {it th
average man and take my chances of
disposing of them. I. have a lot of reg.
ilar customers who did yot get new over-
ecouts this year I had the measurements of

a number of such men in mind when | hadthe
coats cutout. When one was finished i drop.
ped a note toaman whom [knew it would tit,
telling him that T had @ mistt eoat which I
thought would suit him. He came around
promptly and bought it for $05, Dwould have
made him the same coat to order early in the
season for $70, but that wouldn't huve pleased
him hall so much as getting a miste that
just fitted him, Men are just) as fond
T could afford to sell
the clothes which T made in this way cheaper
than if they had been made to order during
the rush season. The men worked on them
regular Jobs. Nearly all the elothes

lation Lhave sold for good prices. Men who
wouldn't order a coat have bought coats which
they thought) were misfits, but which, in
reality, were made after their own measure-
ments, Fachot these customers has felt that
T was doing hin a favor in notifying him of the
misiit

The demand for “extra illustrations” for
histories of old New York has given an une
expected value to Valentine's old manuals
which were issued for twenty-flve years by
TD). F. Valentine, A collector of books relating
to the early history of this city found four of
these manuals, Which were issued yearly, in an
antique shop a week ago, and the proprietor
was glad to sell the lotfor $l. Mr. Valentine,
who was authorized to issue these books in
Is42asan oMeial register ofthe city oMcers and
public institutions of New York, did more than
publish a dry directory of pames, The vol-
umes ore filled with historical matter whieh ha
had collected, and these were profusely illus.
trated, not only With woodcut but with eol-
ored prints representing interesting buildings
and places in thiseity, Most of these pictures
were reproductions of old prints and combined
they furnish an interesting pictorial history of

New York for @ hundred years or more previ-
ous to the publication of the manual, Old
prints of this city are now very dilfleult to obs

tain, At least two well-known men of this city
began collecting them for extra iustrations of
New York bostories for the past fiftecn yenra,
and the rivalry has been so brisk that betwe on
them they have purchased everything that has
been offered,

It was reported several years ago that one of

of these collectors had spent over $40,000 jn
expanding his history of New York. Comp.
troller Coler is another enthusiastic collector

of everything that pertains to New York city's
history. The professional dealers in these
things have a fashion of bidding up desirable
books and prints ifthey find that a well-known
coljector is after them, and Mr. ¢ ler, after
suffering from the bids of profeas) ona 4, roe
sorted to buying through agenta. The Valen.
tine manuals were very carefully compiled
and as historical documents they are now o
unusual value,

 

During the first part of bis Administration,
Mayor Strong and one of the oMcers of the city
government disagreed so radically on every
question that they were at swords’ points
whenever they met in committees, They knew
each other only in his official capacity, and if it
had not been foran amusing incident neither

) would have had a very high opinion of the

other's disposition, It happened that the Mayor

! and his opponent were brought togetherin one

board after another one day until each was
sick of the sight of the other. The oftleer con-
cluded that. he would not have the Mayor's
temper forthe whole city of New York, and the

 

Mayor sincere’y hoped that he coutd get rid of
thisoficer, When the day's Work was thnishe
the officer decided to go todinner ata eortam
club in this eity, whieh never has been well
attended

Jligo somewher be thought, “where I

wos

CONT Possibly me ,
1 the

When he reach

ubhe found th lin-

nw room whsolully deserted, not an unusual
thing there, and selecting a table he sae dewn
and gave his order for dinner. Pive minutes
luter another member entered the room, an
as the offleer looked up he was intons ly su

prised to see the Mavor. The two ien looked

 

   
 
       

 

ateach other and then, as the humor of the
situation diwned on them, each smiled as
preciatively

Leame here.” sail the officer, “because I
felt sure wb wouldn't meet you in thie +
ing room, and VI wer that you came here
with the same assurance regarding ine

Yes, Pdid just that, but we are iY alone
here and we must make the bestoefte’ t

Nhe two men dined together, and each found
that the other Was much more agreeable than
he had ever suspected. They didnt sign a
truce politically, but they became very good
fsiwnds after oflice hours,

oreo wy

“1960: |

 

| citement,

| ashe hurled the slim shaft
| of spray asthe oars caugit the water and the

Ja hallucination of

penetra ni Suv nes npr nt eepeestes tiered dbl epanemenmaensieneeainaemeionianin ee

} Republican Cor

 

7 Va eae Davee ee ee ree

  

 

 

LONG ISLAND WHALE HUNT.

TWO SPOUTING MONSTERS PURSUED
FROM SOUTHAMPTON SHORE,

One Disappeared Early in the Chase and
Capt, Frank H, White's Harpoon Hit, but
Wouldn't Stick Fast in the Other—Pur-
suit Was Continued All the Afternoun.

SouTuampton, L. I, March 1,—Two disap-
pointed local whaling crews put back to this
place last night exhausted and disgruntled,
Vor four hours they chased two whales that
were sighted from the crow's nestor lookout
station on the beach and never ones succeeded
in getting w harpoon permanently stuck in
either one, These were the first whales
sighted off this place thisseason. When the
alarm was sounded everybody dropped his
work and ran helter-skelter to the beach
Stores were left wide open as proprietors and
clerks hurried to the surf line, half-shod horses
stood in the blacksmith shop and the forge fires
died out, a8 with his coat and hat in hand the
blacksmith joined the village tailor and eob-
bler. The women and the children chased oft
to see the whaling crews get under way.

Capt. Selden H. Halsey, an old-time whaler,
took charge of one crew, and Capt. Frank #.
White commanded the second boat. Scores
of ready hands assistedin the launching and
ina few minutes after the alarm was sounded
the boats were dipping up and down on ‘he
heavy swell headed in the direction of ono of
fhe whales, which was close inshore, But the
prize wes not to be taken unwares, It sighted
dangerand headed eastward at a great rate
with both boats following. As the chase ex-
tended up the beach the crowd of villagers
followed along, wildly cheering. When op-
posite Dr. Thomas's cottage the whale dropped
from sight like a chunk of lead. Both crews
hung on their oars until ita shiny hulk
showed out of water a short distance aver.
Two Jets of water shot up in the of. and made
graceful curves as they turned and fell,

“There she blows!” ahrieked every one along
theshore. From the beach both crews coul
be seen straining at thelr oars and the bouts
were almost lifted out of the water asthe
blades took hold, Capt, White's boat was
nearest the whale when it cameup from sound-
ing and was soon within striking distance, By
means of glasses the spectators on the shore
eould see Capt, White standing in the bow,
harpoon in hand, The shouts and cries died
down, All the watehers leaned forward with
strained muscles unconsciously imitating the
harpooner,

Let her have it!) Back all!” shouted the old
whalers on_the sand, Carried away by the ex-
Through thetr telescopes they saw
Capt. White draw himself up to his full height
There was 4 flash

boat leaped back through the tumbling seas out
of reachof the wounded giant. But the cheer
that arose from the onlookers died away before
The harvoon failed

       

reaching its toll volume

to hold and the big fish dropoed out of sight
Vithin a few minutes it came up again some

distance further to the eastward and both |

 

hoats put after it, butit was not to be caught a |
nd time and for the remainder of the
noon it dodged aboutand at dusk disags

peared altogether. The crews say it was ev

dently a bull whale and it looked to be fully

eighty feet long
‘he second whale was seen early in thechase
and was evidently the mate of the one that
gave Capt. White the slip. It got away early in
the hunt and was not seen again, ihere is a
probability that this pair will loiter along the
f several days, and the whalers still

eoast for
have hopes of bringing one of them avhore

BISSELL'S,

 

 

BURGLARS AT DR,

Away With the Silverware, Leaving No
Trace—Alarm Five Blocks Away,

 

Got

Burglars got intothe house of Dr. Joseph
Bissell at 15 West Vifty-eighth street early
yesterday morning and carried away all of the

 

household ailver and the doctor's overcoat,
A trained nurse in attendanee on Mrs.
Bissell heard a noise in the house about 1

o'vloek inthe morning, but supposing that the
doctor had returned late, paid no attention to
itandthe robbery was not discovered until
seven hours later, Dr. Bissell then telephoned
to Police Headquarters and asked that the
robbery be investigated as soon as possible.
He was toll to goto the Rast Fifty-first street
police station and tell his troubles in person.
Tn the afternoon he telephoned again, thistime
asking for Chief Devery, that he might obtain
a civil anawer. The Chief was out, but his
name evidently proved effective, for the man
at the telephone promised to have the burglary
looked into at onee, and said that ifthe doctor
eould tell who had anawered him so rudely be-
he would see to it that he was punished
‘Hut what would be the use?” said the doctor
When seen at his house yesterday afternoon
Burglars have broken into my house three
times within the last six years, and Lean'tsee
that the police have ever been of any particular
service, Its true that they did arrest two
men on ooeot these occasions several years ago,
the night that Mr. Borden’s butler, Harris, was
murdered by burglars, but nothing ever came

fore

  

| of it

Francia G. Lloyd thought he heard burglars
in his house at4 West Fifty-third street at3
o'clock vesterday morning, and telephoned to
Police Headquarters for assistance,  Derective
Bovle and Policeman Duane of the Bast Pifty-
first street station were gent to the house
They made athorough seareh, but could find
no trace of thieves and passed the matter off as
Mr. Lloyd's, Dr. Bissell
thinks it very probable that the same burglars
Who visited his house at Lo'’cloek visited Mr
Lioyd at 4, but hearing a noise were frightened
oly. .

The precinet in
street police Was napped

charge of tho Fifty-firet

mut by Supt, Byrnes,

   

whoat one time lived inthe house nextto Dr,
sissell’s, It is known as the “Diamond-back
Precinet’ on account of the large number of
wealthy residents it contains. It has always

been a favorite tleld for thieves

Grosvenor Lowrey went to the West Thirti-
eth street police station at 1 o'ecloeR yesterday
moruing and told Sergeant Caraon that he
wanted a policeman tosearch his apartments
in the Columbia, at Madison avenue, as he

suspected that burglars were hiding there,
Policoman Aiken went with Mr. Lowrey to
the apartment house, where he occupies
an apartment with his brother Frank
and Dr Douglas Brown, an inspeetor in
the Health Department, who is now on a vaca-
tion in California. Aiken) made a complete

search of the apartment, but found nothing
amiss. The alovator man told Aitken that sev-
eral mouths ago De, Brown was robbed ol some
jewelry and that since that time his eom-
panions had been nervous, When a reporter
called at the apartment last night none of the
ocenpants were iu, A hallman who wus asked
about the burglars said

“It's a case of too many cigarettes

MR. HOWELLS ON LIBERTY,

Ile Says There Are as Yet No Free Coun-
tries in the World, Only Freer Ones,

Camprtpor, Mass, March 1.—William Dean

Howells spoke in the Fogg Art Museum this
afternoon on “Liberty and Equality” for the
benefit of the Prospect Union. Mr, Howells
said that people in their desire for liberty do
not always see into its real meaning, Liberty,
he sald, is the beginning of self-sacriflee, a free

man giving upa part of what he has for the
public good. As yet, he declared, there are no
free countries in the world, only freer coun-
tries. We believe that our Republic isa freer

country than a monarchy, and certainly thata
President is less absurd than a king, and such
liberty as we have now is safer under demo-
eratle forms,

"No country that does not afford its inhabi-
tants a surety against want ia a free country.
Opportunity Is one phase of liberty, and with-
out this safety freedom cannot exist. Equality
is the logic of liberty and the basis of good
society, No one ever got any good from ine
equality, | The books, pietures, righteous laws
cone not from the upper classes, but from the
midale classes, As lir as We van concelye itor
forecast it, the new condition, the equality of
the future will be the enlargement of good
sovlety to the whole of humanity.”

Wiss HOPE GOT THE INDORSE WENT,

Politicians Ke nd Mer
tress at Fairview.
Hackensack, N.S, Marehd

had a petith

 

for Postmis-

Gerard Pahren

ho nbefore the B rgen County

‘
“skiing indor

 

mittee ’
his applileation fe appointment as
terart Fairview, De t

wy
ment ol
Pos in Be Doar

aformermeniber of the committe y rel
as champion of Miss Wapda iH: pt,

aid, bad sent to. Representative
petition signod by May

 

who, |
Stewart 9
r Ayres and four-iliths

 

  

 

of the leading citizens, Republicans and Dem
rats. Mr. Burdett wanted the committee ¢
hear Mss Hopl bat Chairman Br ddth
subd net be @ranted, as she was a ma
He permitted Mr. Burdett te talk. howe
and nally the voung woman was indore ‘
f the appomtment,
Tih SiN” As A AL PEATE
ADVERTISE
and News medium will better meet ries
quirements than auy other publieation, reache
ing as it doet people who have py for
investment, and Supplying each day a) the
news availible of interest ty thuse jutereste

|} tu the Realty Market.—4duy

* mma

 

| other? [never vould

 

LS sss ss ne -sssssssessir es SSS

me
j bbuutowing toa jack of fuuds,

COUNSEL SCRAP IN GARDINER CASE,

 

Mrs. Washington Explains the Difficulty of
Discriminating Between White Men,

At the Gardiner hearing yesterday Deputy
Attorney-General Coyne called for an indict.
ment charging Albert Frohmers and Charles
Moyer with burglary, Frohmers had been
tried and convicted on Sept. 27, 180%. Meyer
wastried and acquitted on Oct. 6 of the same
year. Mr. Coyne desired to show that Meyer's
acquittal was due to the iIncompetency of the
Assistant District Attorney who tried the case,
Deputy Clerk Welsh of the General Sessions,
who was the witness on the stand, sald that in
his opinion Meyer was innocent,

John Mordaunt, who had been onthe witness
stand on Wednesday, and who alleged that in-
dictments had been disinissed against men
who had swindled him, was recalled to tell
more of his story.

“This is another annex of the Mazet Commit-
teo,” rewarked Lawyer Untermyer, counsel
for Co). Gardiner, “This investigation is using
material which was made ready forthe Mazet
Committee and was not used, It is using left-
over material.’ ‘

“1 characterize that as untrue,” said Mr,
Coyne,

“Mr, Coyne may not
ing what is untrue,’
myer : ~

Commissioner Wileox warned counsel! to keep
their tempers. . :

Virginia Zindler, manager of a ahirt waist
factory in Eldridge atreet, said that the factory
had been robbed and that Max Frank had been
arrested, Sometime luter Prank was acquit-
ted. Misa Zindler sald she had been subpo-
naed as 4 witness and had gone to the District
Attorney's office to tell her story to Assistant
District Attorpey Unger, Ho wouldn't listen
to her. Neither would any one else around the
ofiice, ;

The keeper of the House of Detention, called
to testify in another ease, said in answer to
Mr. Untermyer that the House of Detention
Was comparatively empty now, because the
District Attorney had done much to clean up
the docket, This brought another collision be-
tween counsel, _

“What a_monumental petifogger you are,
remarked Mr. Coyne, addressing Mr, Unter-
myer, and the latter shouted back:

“What.a great Attorney-General”

Mrs. Ellen Washington, a negress, whose
daughter had caused the arrest of a man for
criminal assault, testified that the man had
bier guilty inthe General Seslons but that

know it, but ho fs stat-
shouted Lawver Unter-

fecorder Goff refused to sentence him because

e belleved the girl to be older than she really
was, The Recorder advised her to get proof of
the date of her daughter's birth, adding that
the case should have gone Into the Special Ses-
sions,

“Well,” said the witness, "I tried to have that
man sent up, and called at the Distriet Attor-
ney's office many times, but [ never saw no
one. Twastoldthat Mr Melotyre would see
ime, but he never did.”

“Do you know Mr. MeIntyre?” asked Law-
yer Untermeyr

“'Deed I don’t.” answered Mrs. Washington.

“He is in court,’ continued counsel, “lock
around and see if you can find him.”

“@eo here! exclaimed the witness, “do you
Buppose that ] can tell one white man from an-
-no indeed,”

The investigation will be continued on Tues-
doy next in the referee room of the St. aul
building

MUSTN'T ASSESS PATROUMEN

To Put Through the Maher Bill for Shorter
Hours -Devery Warne the Force,

Chief Devery has put his foot down on the
assessment of patrolmento put the Maher bill
to secure them shorter hours through the Leg-
istature, The chief jiasued an order to the
precinet commanders yesterday in which he
said

“Information has been furnished to me that
at a meeting of the Patrolmen's Benevolent
Association, he!d within the past few weeks,
delegates of such association were instructed
to collect from each member of the association
the sum of $10 for the payment of counse! fees
in influencing legisiation now pending in the
Leuislature

“You will notify each officer under your com-
mand that the recognition or payment of any
such sum, or any othersum by any member of
the uniformed foree of this department, isa
violation of law anda violation of the rules of

this department, and you will take such meas-
ures as may be necessary to satisfy yourself as
to whetherany member of your command has
been directed to contripute any money to such
purpose, and to obtain’ such evidence to show
the truth of this as may be possible, and then
to prefer charges against such officer or patrol.
man. Report to mo the result of your action
hereunder,”

Assemblyman Maher'a— bill provides that
policemen shall work eight hours, be held in

   

reserve eight hours and spend elght hours
each day at thelr homes. A committee from
the Patrolmen’s Benevolent Assoctation went

to Chief Devery a week aro with @ proposed

 

 

 

schedule of working hours whieh closely
followed th which Assemblyman Maher
would legalize, The chief explained that
between seven and eight hundred more patrols
men would be ne ftoearry out the workings

 

 

of such aschedule, Commissioner York, who
was Visited next by the committee, agreed
with Devery and added a warning against
“running to Albany” with grievances

MUTUAL RESERVE LIFE QUARRET,

Another Appeal to the Attorney-General
by President Burnhain'’s Opponents,

Certain policyholders inthe Mutual Reserve
Fund Life Association, through Black, Olcott,
Gruber & Bonynge, have eerved
Frederick A. Burnham, President of the assoe
elation, that an application has been fled with
the Attorney-General, praving him to begin an
action to bring about Mr. Burnham's removal
aa President of the association,

Col. Gruber, speaking for ex-Goy. Black, who
drew the petition, said yesterday that forty-
seven allegations of general malfeasanee in
office on Mr. Burnham's part were made in the
petition, but he refused to go into particulars,
He did say, however, that the Attorney-General

notiea on

 

   

 

had set March § as the date for hearing
counsel for and against the petition, Mr. Bur
ham issued a statement in reference tot

petition yesterday afternoon, in the course of
which he said
“The petition is signed by seven alleged pol-

icyholders, of whom two are discharged em-

 

 

 

  

ployees, one the son of a discharged enplovee,
and one other «a formers: ntot tha associa.
tion whose contract hal been cancelled,
and who has since made «© number of
such applicationsto the present and forme:
Atturney-General, all of which have been
denied The therthree hold poucies
for insignificant amounts. * * They are
the same charges which were published in
oneot thevity papers six months ago and for
instigating the publication of which a former

iee-President of the association is now
on bail under arrest for libel, This ition,
based on these old charges, is now prosented
through the attorneys of such former Viee-

President, defendant in the libel suit, and evi-
dently in his interest, The charges are simply
fuise, malicious and without foundation,”

JOHN GROH DIELS UNDER BINER,
The Brewer Was Undergoing a Surgical

Operation at the Polyciinie Hospital,

John Groh of M. Groh's Sons’ browery in
Twenty-eighth street, died Tuesday afternoon
while undergoing an operation at the Poly-
clinie Hospital in East Thirty-fourth street
The operation was for the removal ofa growth
at the back of the nose which made breathing
dificult. Dr. C. Eo Gilbert of 323 West Twenty.
third street advised the operation and eoun-
selied his patient to prepare for it by resting
quietly during Monday

Instead of following these directiona Mr
Groh tried to nerve bimnself by going out Mon-
day night and taking stimulants, Dr Robert
C. Myles of 46 West Thirty-eighth street, who
performed the operation, used cocaine at first,
but later ordered the administration of ether at
Mr. Groh’s request, A paralysis: of the reapie
ratory powers Was observed within thirty sec.

ts, and death followed very shortly

ons, '
Mr, Groh, who was the only surviving son of

Michael Grob who died in ISM, was Su year
vid. te was divereed from his wite and had
noehudren,

SHERIEF TALKS 10 MISSION Wowry.

 

 

 

says They should Do Something for Dis. |
Charged Pemate Prisoners,
\tat etingofthe women's braneh of the
| va City Mission Seciety at Willoughty
Jay sttvets yeotorday morning
Watton delivered a short addr
4 storms. He suggested especialiy that
thing should be done for women after
they lenve the jail He said that the ’
vhile ui the jaitw ‘re kept employed, 4
Wine
mt here ‘ pull be i Workh use sf t
ware ag | fe Ww Wy ‘ hey r
ee should nor he ripe
Money expenmled forthe: ‘

 

 

port b¥. the taxpayers
Miss Moury, who carries on the mission

 
  

in the jail and Mes hialdy, Who ts toteres

it, said that the Sherif’. -umwestion

caring tor Women aiter they leave atl was a
ofone, but che society was ubable to carry

me me mia

 

a .
‘4 TRBEETYUS, Sa tdenty, at Cair

Otfiice, L Madison av., cor

ey

sre

i~*

ae ae

  
   

 

‘The story of our Spring and
Winter mark-down be is near
ing its close.

The last chapter brings to
gether all the survivors to @
“happy ending,”

Fancy mixtures, plain blue and black serges an@
cheviots,

Suits when you can make a match, $7.50; coatan@
vest, $5. Singly, coat $8.50, trousers $2.50, veet
$1,50-—many of these suits are aristocrats from 616,
$20 and $25 families.

A handful of overcoats of the same rank, now $1&

A few lonely Prince Alberts and cutaways, coate
and vests, $5.

Golf breeches, scattered left-overs, now marked 61,

Bome unappropriated fancy vests, 50 centa,

Almost every size in something, with a greater
proportion of small and laree--some great big sizes,

The survivors are at our Prince
Street store only; but don’t for.
get our two other stores—they
have matters of clothing interest
as well,

 

Rocens, Perr & Company,
258 Broadway, cor, Warren.

660 Broadway, cor, Prine,
4200 Broadway, cor, b2d,

TRANSIT BONDS VOTED,

 

Action by the Board of Estimate Yesterday
at a Meeting of Record Brevity,

At na meeting yesterday afternoon that lasted
only eighty-fve seconds the Board of Este
mate and Apportionment authorized the fesue
of bonds for $35,500,000 for the Rapid Tranett
railroad tunnel, Mayor Van Wyek called the
meeting to orderat 1 o’elock, All the meme
hers of tho board were present except Core
poration Counsel Whalen, who is in Albany,
Assistant Corporation Counsel Hill represented
the Jaw department, Then Clerk Adee read
this resolution;

Resolved, That pursuant to the provisions of
chapter 4 of the laws of LRH1, as amended ang
section 45 of chapter 878 of the laws of 180
4s amended, and pursuant to a requisition ot
the Board of Rapid Transit RKallroad son ise
sloners duly made by resolution adopte ‘eb,
26, 100, the Comptroller be and he is hereby
authorized to issue from time totime,as may
be required, in the manner provided by law,
corporate stock of the city of New York, to an
amount not exceeding $36,500,000, the pro-
ceeds whereof shall be applied to the purposes
deseribed in said requisition of the Board of
Rapid Transit Railroad Commissioners,

Fyery member of the board voted are.

If there is no further business the board will
adjourn,” sald the Mayor,

‘L move we adjourn,” said President Guge
genheimer.

The motion was put and carried,

In the shortest meeting we ever held the
greatest public improvement in the history
of the city has been assured,” said the
Mayor,

“Ilow easy it ts to vote away the people's
money.” remarked Mr, Guggenheimer.

It’s all for the people's good,” said the
Mayor

Barbed Wire and Nails Up.

The American Steel and Wire Company ade
vanced the price of nails and barbed wire yese
terday abont 25 cents a keg on nails, f. 0, b.,
at Pittsburg, and about 20 cents on ordinary
barbed-wire fencing

—_—————
DBusiness Notices.

Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup for children
teething softens the guns, reduces inflammatiog,
alluys pain, cures wind colic, diarrhema, 25c, a bottle,

EY
mrIpkm

BARTHOLOMEW,-On Thursday, March 4,
ooo, of pneumonia, at his residence, 81 Fite)
ay. George Fired rule son of Zelma Ripley and
George Ward La tholomew, in the 27th year ef
his aye,

Fun ralat St, Georse s Church, Stuy veaant Square,
Sunday, March 4, 1900, at 2.30 P, M, Bostag
and Hartford pa

BERBER, -On thursday
MAwin Beebe, M. D.,,
William lbeele

rs please copy,

March 1, 1900, Clarence
youngest son of the late

 

Funeral services will be bold at his late residence,
+ West 7th st, saturday afternoon, Mareh 8,
10, a@ ovlock. Interment at the conveme
lene t the family

VETERANS Ob rey Seventi Reoiment.—Am
houncement is inate, with deep regret, of the
death of our esteeined comrade, Clarence BR
Beebe, MED, Nath Cou), AssistantSurgeon of
thisorganivation. Members are requosted to ate
tend hit taneral services at & West Thirty seve
entl: sfroet on Saturday afternoon at 5 o'’cloek,

IHOMAS DIAMOND, Colonel,
DAVES. Thursday, March 1, 1000, at Tarrytown,
N.Y. B. Frank Dayia, son of the late Gilbert B
ba

Piineral services from his late residence on Sater

day, Ma , 1000, at 2.30 P.M

GARRETSON,
1. Birelay, w
Funcraleces

On Tuesday, Pel, 27,1000, Emme
James |, Garvetaon

eaather late resideuca, Metuchoa,

feot

NoJ,, Friday, Mareh 2, 1000, at 2 P.M, Intere
mentat Millstone, No J. Kelatives and friends
areinvited Trams leave Jersey City, via PLB
Rise. B
KROMBACTE. On Fob. 27, La00, atthe residence
of his mother, 75.4 8d av, Brooklyn, Louig
Kromba bh, in hie 32 vea
Relatives and frends, also Intrepid Lodge, Ne,
54, 1 OF, all recpectfally invited toattead
the funeral services on March 2, 1900, at @
oe loek
LAMB.-On Thursday, March 1, 2900, Willian

Lamb, aged sl years

Relatives and frien ss are invited to attend funeral
from bis late remudlen P22 Weet Twentieth a@,
on Monday, March 5, lwo, a vA. M., to St

Francis Xavier s Church, where a solemn requiem
mass Will he offered

PAINE. Snddenty, on Feb. 27, 1909, Donalds
MacKenzie, wife of the late Dr Oakman Sprague
Paine,

Fiunersl services will be held inthe Church of the
Heavenly Rest, 651 6thav,on Friday, March 2,

 

1HWO0, at TOA, M
PORTER Sutdenty, on Tuesday Feb, 27, 1900,
at the Murray Hill Hotel, Harriet Cramer,
daughter of the late Johu Cramer and widow of
Joho kK. Porter
| Fancral services and interment at Waterford,
N.Y
RITCENHOUSK, On Feb 26, 1000, at Denver,
( Charles T, Rirta eldest son of M,
(iL, Rittenione
Funeral scrsices at late residences, 247 Woat 1880R
t. Sat lav evening & lock, Interment at
iy of tamitly

Faypt,on Feb,
vo, Charles Barker Tebbetts of Lenn, Mass,,
fthe late Noah Tebbetts and Mary BE,

Woodman Tebl tts of New Hampshire

 

WOOD,-On Thursday, Mareh l, 100, at his resic
ler jouw Weat s2doet., FPredanck BR. Wood,in
the th yvearot bis sg

\ f funeral ite

CYPREss HilLis CEMETERY.

hiat. N. WV,

 

New Publications,
‘ing * Absent Minded Megaar, Old Time
Supgs. Bomance of War, PLATT, 164 oee @9,

FE ee | eee ee cae

a

——