leeping Cas
PPivtsbur

oulsville),
or Chicaga,

E.33.— For
i, Lous

Pittsburg
a Shenae
eland, ¢s-

Ilman Buf-
» Fast Lib
except Sun

ndt
nf Can A
dt Str
Parlor an

3:25, 4:28
may —he
$55 A. M
VAY. —7:58
OLK. —7:58

. M. {pe
week days
Parlor Cara

bh Ratlroad
pote
s
t Gortlandd
P. M. Suo-

MN), 7:25.7:5%
10:10 (Des
ning Car),
2.10 (Des

12:10 night
(Limited),
1:55 (Dinu

pn pom

fi and 261
hird Street
and Cort
in Stfeet, 08
us n, Brook:
ork Transfer
geage from
tion.
nnsylvenis

VAY.

0 A Station,
roots 5 mi

Sleeping
Columbia,
nd Augusta
nections for

ew Oricans
Knoxville

Savannah,
for Naw
servi

ee =
KENIUCKY CASE DECIDED.

ee

diction of the contest. between Thayer ard
Boyd, decided by the Supreme Court of Ne-
braska, he saw vo reason why the court could
not review the udemens of the Court of Ap
s , , ; - | peals o entucky, dle net concurring In
SUPREME COL Rt WITHOUT JURIS= oe order of, Gapieeal, be said he pereven ~~
. OV i Judgment of the Kentucky court should be af-
DICTION BEC KHAM GOVERNOR firmed Mr. Justice Brown concurred with Mr

_ ore Bee ' f '
" ons Mr. Justice Harlan, for many yeurs a resident
Chief Justice Faller Delivers the Opinion | of Kentucky, dissented utterly from the jude-
Federal Courts Haye No Power to Review | jnent of ihe court, bolding that the judgment
he Action of State Courts Relating to the | of the Court of Appeals should have been re-

the Ac :

versed
Constitution and Laws of Those States | . y ~—
-tas faylor Taken Refuge tn Todtana? GOV. TAYLOR IN FLIGHT?
Report That He Has Sought Refuge tn Indiana
from Prosecution in Kentucky.

LovisvitLe, May 21.—Gov. Taylor came to
Louisville from Frankfort this morning, and
was here at noon when the Supreme Court
decision in the Kentucky governorship dis-
pute was announced, Later his whereabouts
could not be discovered. Out of this fact and
the report that Gov, Mount of Indiana would
the result The order of the court was to dis- refuse to honor a requisition for Mr. Taylor
miss the writof error for want of jurisdiction. | should hls extradition be sought on the charge
Jy this Justice McKenna concurred, differing | that he was concerned in the conspiracy to

'

WasmtnoTos, May 2t The Supreme Court
to-day annoul ced its decision in the Kentucky
Governorship eases, refusing, 6 to 3, to take
‘i niediction, leaving the judgment of the Court
ils of Kentucky in favor of Beckham,
elecied Lieutengnt-Governor on the Cioebel
ticket, to stand There was a large delegation
of Kentuckians in Washington to hear the de-
ci-ion, and they went away well p.eased with

of Ai

ron the court on the point thatan offle@ | murder Goebel, a rumor arose that Mr. Tay-
ot property. Justices Brewer and Brown | Jor had sought a refuge in Indiana.
ried, holding that the court had jurisdic- It is asserted that the detectives who have
yard that the judgment of the Kentucky | veen engaged in investigating the Goebel mur-
Court of Appeals should be affirn ed. Justice } der have been searching for Mr. Taylor to-day
Harlin dissented totally, holding that the judg- | and that they had instructions to arrest him as
tof the Court of Appeals in favor of Beck- ] goon os the Supreme Court decision was an-
nounced upon the indictment recently found
against him at Frankfort

5 mshou d be reversed

hief dus'iee Puller announced the decision of
the court ina lengthy opinion, much of which
was devoted toa recital of the facts in the case
andastatement of the itigation in the State,

inion said

TAYLOR EXPECTED THE DECISION,

Kentucky Republicans Propose to Renomi-
js obviously essential to the independence nate Him for Governor.

o States and to their peace and tranquillity LovIsVILLE, May 21. Gov. Taylor reached
that their power to preseribe the qualifeations | Louisville this morning aud went to the ofice
of tharown officers, the tenure of their offices, | of Collector ©. E. Sapp, where he was joined by
the manner of their election and the grounds | Lieut.-Gov. Marshall, To THE SUN corre-
on which the tribunals before which and tho | gpondent he said:
node in Which such elections may be contested “T rather expect the decision will be against

he exclus ve and froe from external ins | me, The adverse rulings of the State courts
so far as plainly provided by | jaye made asort of pessimist of me and I will
tution of the United States. And | not be surptised if the Supreme bench over-
ntroversies over the election of State | pyjes the writ of error Of course I lope for

“have reached the State courts in the | the best, but I fear the worst. Ido not know

ryprovided by and have been there de-) vet what my course will be if the court re-

ined in accordanes with the State Const- | fuses to take jurisdiction, 1 can only await de-

rand laws, the cases must necessarily be | velopiments and fora while cannot state what
‘interference of this court can | our plans for the immediate future will be.’

He received the news of the Supreme ( ourt’s

decision calrnly andsaid: “This is not a time

totalk. I wil! only reiterate my former states

ments in regard to renoimination, that it will
i depend on the will of the people,”
s not protected by the Fourteenth An hour Jater he sent the following communi-
on a ae axe | caution to Gen. Dan ©: liler .
tient. In the casa of Wilson vs, North ‘The Supreme Court of the United States
J Where the complainant had been res | having decided in favor . Mr. Beel har,
Mee as Railroad Commissioner ; Dothing now remains to be done except to dis-
fice an Rates : | uiiss the militia and surrender your offlee to
your suecessor, appointed by Mr. Beckham

nwhiceh tl
be involved

rdeol ions of the court in eases of cone

er State offices were quoted to show that

was expressly considered as to

ght toa public oMce of a State

moved tn his «
t Governor, it was decided that the re-
moval deprived him of no right guaranteed by
t the militia and to currender your office to your
7 successor as soon as the mandate of the
haw Supreme Court is tiled, or sooner if you wish,

“The grounds on which our jurisdiction is {Tender the militia my kindest rewards and
sought in the present case," continued the | sincere thanks for their brave, maniy and

; rn } ‘ oa: | Patriotic service.” ;
Chief Justice, “are to s elfect oe : The decision will make it necessary for the
First, that the action of the Genera ssembly

in the vatter of these contests deprived plain
tl inverror oft their offices without due process

ol law; second, that the action of the General
Assembly deprived the people of Kentucky

of the right to choose their represens tional Repubiiean Convention at Philadelphia
tatives, secured by the guarantee of the |onJuneiy Thie meeting of the committee will

“af , ha on
‘eder: Constitutior fm 4s republican | {x atime and place for and preserive the mane
ton -_ or . a . a’ : . a | : ; ner of selecting delewates to a State convention
orm oO governmen every State, ane

| whose business ft will be to nominate a Repubs
deprived them of their political liberty without | jican camdiiate Jor Covernor, to be voted for
dive process of law For more than one hundred | &t the next Ne vi" er ores tion The call for
vears the Constitution of Kentneky has pros { Us meee an une Sa eevee, * wen ion
vided that contested elections for Governor an a be broad ¢ “me it ees . ‘Ker rears
Lieutenant-Governor shall be determined by ve wor of . 7 Me ; a entucky
he General Acsembly, The bigheat court of y ¥o confidently eanect thousands to rally to
the State bas citen held, and inthe prewentease | Our standard next fail who never cust a Kenubs
has again declared, that under these conatiine | een rote before in thet lives. The logical
tidal | Fovistons the power of the General As. { Candidate of our party next November is Wile
on i ‘d tari P eresultisexcusive and | Wm 8. Yavior, Unless he positively refuses to
ase - every ed od . ludicial rev path accept the nomination there is no doubt that
sdecsion is notepen to ew i ‘ | he will be the candidate

» Constitution, and that it was due process of

Governor tobe voted for at the election to be
held next November. Chairman ©, M_ Bernett

tee snid to-day
‘LE will calla meeting of the Republicen State
Central Cormittee a few days after the Na-

atute enacted for the purposeol carrying “TP am glad,” continued Mr. Rarnett, “that

Visions of the Constitution into effect ; : Patlaval .
fh existence ih Mentick’ sitive 1700 | the next election will be a Federal on this

nuderstand this statute to be ob-

in any manner obnoxious to Cone |

objection, but that pliiniiffs come |

' elion of the General Assembly |

tatute, ondof the judgement of the
clining to disturb that aetion

jation of the boards and of the

was that contes ants had re-

number of legal votes cust

for said offices at said elee-

offeneas cominitted agains’ the ballot at this
election, whether the voters are black or white
I think tat safein saving that Willan S Taye
lor will be the eund!date of our porty for Gov.
ernor next fall and that he will win by 50,000
madority.”’

Phe Democrats in the State are wild with joy
bot the decision was received here quietiv The
|! Demoeratic Convention will be catled at a

duly and legally elected | sae date and wil! probably nominate Bec id
wena or a deter- | ham for Governor, although the name of John
na eter did sat atid | K. Hendrick is also being prominently men-

within the jurisdiction of | toned _

The Court of Appenls ad- . io
vat Uk wat ohiee wine GOV. RECKHAM IN CONTROL.
Atencopent because the right ean igi
of Governor or Lieuteaant+ ) Kentucky OMces Abandoned to Democrate
HINCKY Was hot property in Flowers on Goebel's Grave,
ald that the view 4 mes
ot property had been Frankpronrt, Ky., Mav 21. -The Tavlor Gove
et mi ae ; He | ernment has completely abandoned the State
deesions to sup Vis state. .
rho ALIFS of The euinticn af Honse Square and a motion will he made toe
pulue generally speaxing, | morrow in court to dismiss the cases of contest
ith elena property of @ } for the minor State office, thus turning the
hinery of elections and | whole State Government over to the Demos
J isiiee sald that they were | erats The Taylor soldiers left Frankfort this
ent stitutions re jawe afternoon ona special train. Before going they
ntuewy th ght o im
AARP iA Gent tRGake oe: c } gave three cheers for Taylor
Was “provisional or teme |. By the Democrats the d-cision was received
Dtcrodnettion oe the recut i With cheering and the ringing of belis. Goy
te provided in the Conatitution, | Beekham was driven through the streots in
ert ition, il adverse to hin, | company with a number of ladies
hee dt Was. clear. the | and was on all sides cheered with e: thuriasm
+a he udeiient of the Court of Soon ihe town was decor ted with flaws and
rte ge behind the “unio y | bunting :
iby tl a ning | ‘ ¢ o faa ' of women rode in precession to the cemetery,
iltimate determination of the | Where they decorated the grave of the late
det rvht aecired by | William Goebel with flowers

od , se .
ae mat. nent eset By | ‘The Beckham soldiers will eneamp on the

n said that the For > Stat 01 .
ist "he ae a seers then be sent home The Taylor damiy will

"“Conatitit ruarantee abandon the Governor's Mansion at once,
+ i re put iu ste Nee ae When asked what he had to say about the
Enforcement of tat guarane | decision Gov, Beckham
Chief Justice Fuller, belonged | course, very much gratified at the decision of
department of the Government, | the Supreme Court, Tnever had any doubt as to
va. Border (7 How. 1) it was held | What the decision would (be, becaise it
juestion which of two opposing goy- | Seemed that the proposition of law before them
in Rhode Island was the lecitimate | Was se clear that no court could take a different

5 jon for the determination of the .
department; when that department State and the Supreme Court t has been a
ided the courte were bound totake | @teat victory, Tt is a triumph of law and
the decision and follow it; and also | Order over lawlessness and desperation,

the Supreme Court of Rhode Islanc, | AS the Governor of the commonwealth I prome

Feconstivutional anthority not in dispute, |
fed the point, the well-se tled rule ap- {

varty, but the chief executive of a great State
|

that the courts of the United States adopt

low the decisions of the State courte on | Porsl

na which concern me ely the Constitn- | State and
iws of the State.”

uding the court adopted the language

a ed ee

le in administering the affairs of the

throughout me mous of ihe common weal.
In re Dune vetitioner,’’ and se | This decision also brings us face to face with
! 3  ealahety persian id ond, pd | another great State campaign, and I desire to
of its facnities as a member of the | sav that wiifle the Republican party has sought
hand noexigency has arisen requiring | to make its battleery a plea for civil iherty,
terference of the General Government to | on our side we imtend to make an earnest
e the guarantees of the Constitution, In | and aggressive camper, having for our
tthe Constitution all the departments battlecry, a plea for the 9 protection a
hite are peacefully operat ng br the or | human life ond a protest ewainst the methods
ind well-settled methods prescribed by its | of assassination in the affairs of our Suate
ental law, notwithstanding there may | government 1 hope the time isat hand when
ties and disturbanees arising from the | the Judges in our courts and other high offlc als
of these contests. Thi. very case inthe State will not needa guard to protect
hat is so, for the» parties | them from Assassination f ‘a
they were avurieved by he people of Kentucky are, | believe, the
General Assembly, prope | best people on the earth as law-abiding and as
only appropriate salnwate | nor as the people of any other State in
MU he ‘ » ne the Union
‘ nd inet i ! Sen ace Peers past six months have brought upon us mnueh
mplaint mav in faet have been | censure and abuse, but it shall be my aim as
d, Was the result of the Constitution | Govern: r of the State, so faras I ha e power,
inder whieh they lived and by | to establish a condition of resnect for t ie law
ere bound Anv remedy besides | and protection of property and liuiman tli e to as

‘ the august tribunal of the | @Peat an extent us itexists in any other State

‘ly sitting, and over | pet

conduct of publie

exercise no control We

risdietion on ground of
embraced in the Four- |
vithout due process of law, |
wnot the @uarantee of republi-

Vernniient by reason of similar |

KENTUCKY RFQUISITION DENTED.,

 

Gov. Mount of Iidiana Kefuses to Give Up an
Alleged Conspirator.

INDIANAPOLIS, May 21.-As soon as the Su-

preme Court's decision on the Kentucky Gov-
inser | ernorship was announced to-day Charles Fin-
Kiam dissented from that ley, formerly Secretary of State of Kentucky,
thetne pt Png Ap ig cohe was arrested on an indictment found in Ken-
cision on that point, he avid, | tueky and charging him with complicity in the
to the disposal of the case. | murder of Senator Goebel, An application
was made to Goy. Mount for his extradition.

swer also dissentedon the point

hot proper » - f {
Ivrouply be this courtea numberof | Gov. Mount denied the application without
: It the court could take jurise | @iving any reasons for his action jen Finley

was released

Gov. Taylor of Kentucky has been expected
here ever since noon to-day by others who
have found refuge here fron, Kentucny nnd it
ithe Court of Special Sess ‘oa. | is understood thit he expects Gov Mount to
ule 4 ibd f Special erate alt Ree to honor @ requisition from Gov. Beek-

Hits Myles K Ward, of 10Meeker | han, if an officer is sent here to arrest hin)

oowlyn, was convieted of selling a - quemermeme
“ing oof porter as the genuine Eighty-five Clabs
Ss Dublin Stout, Strenuous efforts are Are within from two to fifteen minutes of the New
7 stoade allover the United States "Lo Yor’ Central Grand Centra) Station, New York, No
Deng vow aey to prevent the public from | wonder clubmen travel on the New York Ceutral.—
Hg Viclimized by unscrupulous dealers,—Adv, ' Adw

Convicted of Selling Domestic Porter for

Gulnness's Stout,

NEW YORK,

You are therefore d rectedto at once dismiss |

Republican party to nominate a candidate tor |

of the new Republican State Central Coromite |

| willinsure fair play to some extent, inasmuch }
jas the Federal courts will have vrisdiction of |

in carriages |
| be prosecuted eriminally

During the afternoon a large number |

) removed from the jurisdiction ot the

e House Square for a day o sound will |

replied: “l am, of |

| view from that of our Court of Appeals in this |

ise to be notonly the representative of @ great | their province their own way, have denied
ahatl be as liberal and as breadminded as |

my highest ambition shall be to |
restore a perfect respect for law and order |

The unfortinate conditions for the |

 

TUESDAY, MAY

RATHBONE, IS SUSPENDED,

RETIRED PENDING INVESTIGATION
OF THE CUBAN POSTAL PRAUDs,

Said to Have Given Neely Authority Not War.
ranted Kept No Check on Employees
Some Direct Charges Against Him—Shore.
age Not Expected to Go Over $100,000,

Specia! Cable Desvatch to THE SUN

HAVANA, May 21. The formal announcement
of the suspension of Mr. Rathbone and the ap-
pointment of Mr. Bristow as temporary Director
of Posts in his stead was made to-day, Mr,
Rathbone was really suspended on Saturday,
orders having then been given to honor nomore
of his orders forfunds. Mr. Bristow has asked
for a new disbursing officer. Gen. Wood will
appoint one fromthe Army. Mr. Rathbone did
not appear at the office to-day. Mr. Bristow
occupied his desk and wasin control not only of
the office, but of the investigation into the Post
Office seandal,

The seven Inspectors who have been working
over the records since the beginning of the
American control are now getting matters into
shape. The result of their labors thus far shows
an almost incredible lack of order and system
Mr. Rathbone, it is alleged, kept no checks of
any sort on his employees, and even increased
the opportunities for speculation by granting
Neely authority that was unwarranted by the
Postal jaws and regulations. The inspectors
have discovered a number of such violations
and also that extrivagant expense accounts
were passed, Charges directly affecting Mr
Rathbone’s integrity have been made by some
of those who have confessed

Mr. Rathbone is not under surveillance, but
itissaid that the authorities are finding that
circumstances point more and more to his
direct responsibility for the embezzlements.
No disposition is shown by the investigators
to shield him

The investigation does not show any new
developments, The talk in Congress and else-
where about a $400,000 embezzloment ts
ridiculous in the ight of the positively known
fact that the money order tunds are intact.
There is hardly a possibility of the shortage
exceeding $100,000, and it) will probably be
somewhat less

THE ORDER OF SUSPENSION,

Rathbone Under Technical Arrest Without
Salary, and Subject to Actual Arrest.

WASHINGTON, May 21

late this afternoon

“Ordered, That Estes G Rathboue be, and hels |

hereby, suspended from the oMer of Director-General
of Posts of Cuba

‘That Joseph 1. Bristow, Fourth Assistant Post-
master Geueral, be, and bets hereby, appointed Act-
ing Director-General of Posts of Cuba without other
salary than that of Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General

That all records books papers supplies, and
other property of the Department of Posts of Cuba
shall be immediately delivered to the custody of the
Acting Director General of posts hereby appointed,

CHARLES EMORY SMITH
Postmaster General

This had been cabled to Havana before it was
announced and went into instant eect, Mr.
Smith declives to indicate whether or not the
auspension is to be permanent, [tla the une
derstanding among those in Washington me
concerted that such Wil be the ease, butsol
accoraing to Mr. Smith, no thoughi has been
given vo selecting a successor to Mr, Kathbone.
Ai present Mr. Kathbone is under technical ar-
rest, Withoutsalary, andsubject to aetual ar-
rest Whenever the developments of Jur. Mris-
tow 's investigation seem to Warrant that) pro-

| cedure

The Postmaster-General sald with partionlar
eniphasis that the investigalous ordered dust
week are to be continued “insistentiy and r
lentieasiv, “When asked whether Mr. Rathboue
would be beld during the progress of the in-
quiry, the Postinaster-General replied that Mr
Rathbone could not leave the ishindexcept with
the consent of Governor General Wood hie
would not designate this sitnatio. “technical
arrest’ of “survedlaioce or Wauether

or not the deposed iirectorsceneral would |
; assist Mr. Bristow in investigating

e postal
adminstration Ii, however, Me. Rathbone
cannot leave the island, is subject to the direct
oraer ot Gen Wood, diaws no salary, and is
completely shorn ol MUulLority, it is ner ex-
pected hat he will escape arrest whenever
that course seems advisable

Mr. Bristow has signified his belief that the
entire Cuban service needs revision and rear
rangement. He holds the opipion that heis to

remain inthe island until tis plans for that |

change are Worked out tually

$3,200 STOLEN IN) PORTO RICO,

The Thief Was Sherman Bristow, a Young |

Clerk in the Post Office at Ponce.

WaAsHINGION, May 21. Concerning the loss of
money through theft in Porto Rieo, it is now
known that the defaulting clerk is Sherman
Bristow, a young man related to the Chief
Clerk of the Cuban department, but not related
to the Fourth Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral. He was stationed at Ponce and abe
stracted $3,200 from the revenues of that offlee

There was no law under which the clerk could |

Onlv a small portion
of the money was recovered from jis boreds-
men, When the law was adjusted Bristow had

He has not been reappotnred to the service at
any peint

CUBAN POLITICIANS WARNED.

Any Officials Elected by Fraud Will Ke Re-
moved by Gen, Wood.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
HAVANA, May 21. Civil Governor Giomez and

Gen. Monteagudo, chief of the rurutes in Santa |

Cvara, who were surmtmoned to Havana by Gen
Wood to answer charges that they intended to

use force to swing every municipal eleetion in |

the secusation They were told that if force
or fraud were usedin any municipality the of-
ficials would not be seated and that Gen. Wood
would appoint others in their places. They were
instructed to vigorously punish all attempts at
frand Complaints from Santa Clara have been
numerous to the effect that Gen Gomez and
his friends were trying to establish aring Itia
expecte | that Gen, Wood's sharp talk to the
officials willsettle anything of that sort

The National party has ratified the nomina-
of Gen. Rodriguez for Mayor of Havana, The
party will also nominate candidates for coun-
cilman, Judges and other offlees

The official number of registrations is 23,872
It is estimated that the number of voters is
50,000

RECORDER SENIOR HOLDS ON.

Paterson Labor Leadera Fail Again to Oust
the Fearless Judge.

Paterson, N.d., May 2t.--The City Council
Bat fill near midnight to-night balloting on
candidates for the offlee of Recorder. Kes
corder Senior, the Judge whom the radical

labor element opposes, had eight votes as be-
fore, and so there was no election. It requires
nine votes for a choles Recorder Senior is

| holding over

CANADIAN SUGAR PRICES CUT,
Reduction of Five Cents on a Hundred Pounds
to Meet American Competition,

MONTREAL, Quebec, May 21,—The Canadian
sugar refiners have made a cut of five cents a

hundreds pounds on all grades of sugar to
Theet the competition of American sugar

When ordering Champagne, why not love the best,
which by untversal accord among competent judges
ts Pommery? It costs by retail the same as other
brands, butts sold at wholesale the world over at the
highest price, because of its recognized superiority of
flavor and finesse.— Ade

Opening of Poland Spring House May 34st.
am Poland Water Depot, 3 Park pl, N. ¥.—

Postmaster-General |
Charles Emory Sinith issued the following order |

island. |

22, 1900,-COPYRIGHT. 1900. BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

remmars xo ruacre 18 ‘rmwe./ St LOUIS STRIKE MURDER,

Health Board Stops Trying to Inoculate All
Chinese in the Suspected Plague District,

San Francisco, May 21--The Board of |
Health, which maintains that bubonte plague |
exists in Chinatown, gave up to-day {ts attempt | .
to inoculate the Chinese in the quarter. Noat- | Was Watching a Crowd Pelting a Car When
tempt was made to-day to ho'd up Chinese or the Shot Was Fired—Crews of Other Cars
Japanese in Chinatown and inoculate them 3 :
an the Haffkine serum, Instead, the board Fire Into Riotoas wear’ Wounding
decided to place Inspectors at the ferries and Many Men-Bomb Exploded Under a Car
railroad stations and inoculate all Asiatics who Sr. Louis, Mo., May 21. --The fourteenth day

of the street car strike was marked by several

attempt to leave town.
| riots In different partsof theclty. In one tn-

The attitude of the local Chinese was so
menacing that the Board of Health decided not | stance an innocent spectator was shot and
| killed while standing near his home, and in

to provoke open conflict, Most of the Ortentals
in Chinatown are l@norant and profoundly | another four men were wounded, but none
seriously

suspicious of any devices of the white man
which they cannot understand, Their fears of All the lines of the Transit Company which
have been in operation were kept running, and

inoculation were aroused at the outset
by a circular in Chinese declaring that | in addition an attempt was made to operate
the Cass avenue division. This line runs

this inoculation = was a echeme to

poison all the Asiaties and = citing two] through a section known as “Kerry Patch,”

cases of Chinese who had died immediately » noted for its ructions {In times of peace, so

after submitting to inoculation, No amount! the undertaking was fraught with no little

of explanation by Consul Ilo Yow was able to | danger and considerable excitement. All along
the Iine cars returning from. downtown were

remove this impression. The Chinese at once
closed all stores and abandoned busiuess, and | bombarded, people living on the avenue havy-
ing laid in plenty of ammunition in the shape of

shutters are stillup on all their shops. Many
openly declared that they would shoot the | stones and bricks, which were hurled from the
windows of houses as well as from the side-

health oMcersif any attempt was made to in-
walks,

oculate them. Nine-tenths of those inoculated
during the past three days have been Japanese At Twenty-first street and Cass avenue, a
who were caughtin the streets, transfer wagon loaded with freight was over-

No one who has not seen the quarter canap- | turned on the tracks On this was piled
prectate the terror which inoculation has | another Leavy wagon, while in front was a big
caused, It prevails even in places under the | iron boiler, around which a fire was lighted, A
charge of Americans. Thus at the Presbyterian | detatl of twenty-five mounted police was sent
Chinese Misston for Girls on Bacramento etree there before the mob could be controlled

inese Mission for Girls on Sacramento street At Thirticth and Hebert streets, on the Bel-
last night some of the inmates decided to play | fontaine line, tvere was lively fighting, guards,
a joke on one of their companions, They | crew and strike sympathizers exchanging
’ id thas the Heallh ain : “ ) shots. Here astriker was slot and seriously
shouted that the health offleers were coming to | wounded, but he was quickly placed in a buggy
inoculate all of them, and the vietim of the hoax

and driven away by friends, so that bis name
rushed to the window of her room on the third

could not be obtained
floor and jumped out t) the street below,

For the first tiie since the strike a grip car

4 was Kent over the Fourth street cable, strongly
breaking her leg and sustaining many bruises
It is probable that Chinatown will resume

guarded, but no attempt was made to open
the line for general traffic, The Jefferson ave-
: nue line was opetated north as far as Washing

' 6 ow } A ,
business to-morrow when the Consul off lally | ton avenue, about fifteen blocks. All cars were

announces that ho moreinooculation will be at- | withdrawn at sunset . \

tempted in the quarter. A native-born Chinese About noon Owen (© Farley, a: non-unton
1 " ain tt ; ‘ly will } bly 7 sad "! % conductor, shot and killed Martin Zika, @
Who ves ih Herkely Will Pronavly test the le- | Kohemian’ youth of is, at the corner’ of
wality of the Health Board's action in {nocula- | Twellth street and Geyer avenue Farley
ting Orientals and not whites, He was inocu. | Was On car 743° of the | Tower Grove
Jated on Saturday d wa very ill line As it) approached the corner, the
ated on Saturday and was made very il crowd congregated there commenced pelting
Another Chinese, who was caught at the ferry | it with potatues taken from ahuckster’s wagon
and inoculated, is reported to be dangerously | Farley drew hia revolver and alot into the
. ‘ : Se - - | crowd, hitting Zika, who was not with the mob,
sic's at his home in the country, hit legs having | put some distance an uy near his sisters’ home,
swelled to great siz Where he lived) Onthe ear with Farley were
Meanwhile there is no clear proof of a single | Metormen Joseph Mice and Emergency Offlcer
: : | ‘ Drake. Farley was arrested and Drake was

ca eof genuine plague fn San Francisco, and

there is absolutely no fear among the white

Vonsual care is taken
fat the Federal Quarantine stations and all
Asiatics who leave the city will be inoculated,
} sothat there is no exeus: for a quarantine
against California

YOUNG MAN SHOT AND KILLED BY
A NONeUNION CONDUCTOR,

locked up as a witness
The Baecutive Committee of the union em-
plovees of the Pransit Company decided to-day
to retain Former Governor William d. Stone to
represent the strikers in the injunetion
proceedings, Which will come up before Judge
Adams tn the United States Circuit
; Court on Friday Judge Adams denied the
application to the District Attorney for a
special Muster in Chancery to take testimonyin
| the infunetion proceedings Marahal Bolle
| telegraphed to the Attorney-General at Wash-
ington for authority to swear in a sufficient
numberof deputies if needed, to carry out the
restraining order of Judge Adams Attorney-
General Griggs wired back for additional

information
A bomb was exploded under a car opposite
HON Market street this afternoon, litting the
United States mails will go through as well as | car trom the trac bat doing no damage to
express destined for Mexico | those aboard. The foree of the explosion was
- — so gereatth it ittore up the earth tor about
| yree et ole eu _ ” & wy
LIGHTNING HITS LIGHTHOUSE, ance ide the rai’s, shattering tl

2am aan yaT a bhis evening a mobof 400 attacked acar at
California avenue and Meramec etreet. The
ruards and crew responded to the missiles
vurled at them with shots from thetr revolvers,
wounding three men, one seriously. William

may not find the Wahts of she main lightand | Humobrey, Prank Curries, Clarence Higgins
and Charles Bamuels, who were operating and

s ' ene , ”. } “nights “1
Routh Beacon lighta ax bright torn! ght as Gsual « larding the car, were arrested,
| Kerosene lamps have been substituted for elec- saa

 

|} people of the disease

TEXAS QUARANTINE AGAINST SAN FRANCISCO

E. Paso, Tex , Mav 21.--State Quarantine Of-
fieer Norton established a quarantine ausinst
San Francisco on account of the bubonte

plague to-day <A camp has been established a
inile West of the city and guards are stationed
there to stop all trains and prevent people, |
freightand express from entering the State

Sandy Hook Electric System Pat Ont of Bust-
ness by a Bolt,

Sanpy Hoon, N.J., May 21. The mariners
'

system at

smashed most of the

“WILD MAN OF BORNEO” DEAD,

CITIZENS NEEDN'T @WAN,

The Police Don't Own the Streets and Per-
miaston Isn't Needed to Stand,

Policeman Mullen said when he ar-

rnigned Henry Tucker of 170 Varick atreet be-

fwhits r) ing he ey ) ! . " * _p , . ,
trie Hghis. Lightning strack the tower of the | nasep CANDY FOR VIRGINIA EARLE?
this afternoon, laid out the electric Actress Sald to Have Been Sickened by It at
the two lighthouses, did considerable damage the Casino,
| windows in the tower, after which it entered | pight after the Casino had closed that Miss
the oil room, set fire to several cans of oil and ¢ “The
cracked the wall of the house ) Casino Girl,” had been siekened by eandy that
the electric cable down to the South Hook | pad been sent to her at the Theatre.
Jewell, who has been employed tor over thirty | peached the Casino theatre about 7:90 o'clock
vears atthe lighthouse, and bis assistant, No | last night and handed in to the stage-door
; , : 2 used by confectioners. ‘The packawe was ad-
lightning struck. Through their efforts the oil | dressed to Miss Karle and, when she opened it,
honse and odjoining buildings were saved from (
that looked ike Turgl ; nouwat . There was no
‘ard inthe bex and the nameof the confec-
Telephone wires on the Hook weredisarranged | §
and some telephones burned ont, but no other Between the first and !second acts Miss Earle
ate a piece ol the eandy She had been onthe
formerly in use at the Paghthouses are cone | one pecame violently ill She barely managed
| etantly kept inorder to be used in case thea | to reach the wings before conciuding
‘eotric s¥stem wives out i ‘
pee? oe . hich alae 4 like it in the eandy A physician
isfurnished by the power station, which also} was summoned and he administered medicines
Channel thf -he would be able to continue in the show
eer -- - untii the conelusion After a few moments,
Karte become, and the last part of the show
—_ was hurried through and liberally cut, inuch to
8100 for It Two Vears Ago. Cn eh nN REED
Rocuester, May 21 Thomas Kane died at |
70 vears Aphysician of this city claimed the
body, saving that be had pa d Kane $100 for his
sudden, and Coroner Sibley deetded that an : :
antopsy was necessary ‘This was performed, , fore Magistrate Zeller in’ Jefferson Market
| Was ranted stopped for two or three minutes in front of a
Kane has been a very interesting study for | house in Carmine street and refused to move on
from aeromegelia, a disease whieh causes an “And why should he? "asked the Magistrate
| enlargement of dilerent members. His hands | “He did not have to get your permission to
prising amusement manager got hold of Kane) ety, nor does the Police Department. Every
and made inany collars out of him, be ex- | citizen hasarightto walk up and down the
Ontario peach tor two months last summer, | any house He does not need a lieense trom the
| He had him under» tent ina bed of atraw, and | police todoso Things are coming toa pretty
| signal the “wild man” would howl most dis- “This man committed no offence of any kind
mialiy and clank the chains. He wasasoex-) ifhedid nothing more than what. you say
| and big crowds viewed his fmmenae bands and | calied for, The prisoner is discharged.”
feet ini

moin light durin the heavy thunder squall nnn t
to the watehroom and A story was cireulated in the Tenderloin last
Virginia Earle, the leading sin
Tt then followed |
beacon and laid ont the system there, SP According to the story a messenger boy
[homas, were near the ofl house when the | tender a package wrapped in paper, such as is
she cound that it.containeda box of some candy
destruction
tioner had been cut ont of the box
doemage waa reported The kerosene lamps stage bata few Miniten ih ihe Sacona wet whan
The electric current, {hat there owas ipeene oor something
operites the electric buoy lamps {tn Gedvey's ] to Yiss Earle and for awhile it was thought
however, this idea was dropped, so ill did Miss
A Doctor Claims Us Hody, Saying He Patd | the mystification of the audience
his son’s home in Brighton to-day at the age of
remains two years avo. Kane's death was very
| anda certifieate of death from heart disease | court yester Jay that the young man had
physicians fora number of years tle sunered | when ordered
a dfeet were of extraordinary size) An enter- stand there You do not own the streets of this
| hibited him as the “wild mon ef Borneo” at streets and stop fora few minutes in front of
had heavy chains fast ned to iis ankles. Ata) pass
hibited at Conesus Lake as ‘Brutus the Brute,’ | This arrest was utterly unwarranted and un-
NO GREATER CINCINNATI VET.

ACTING GOVERNOR OF NEW JERSEY 2G
Defeat of the Plan to Double the City In
Territory and Poputation,
CINCINNATI, May 21.—The City Board of Leg-
islation to-night voted to repeal the ordinances
annexing some seventeen villages to Cin in-

nati This puts at an end for the time
being, at least, to the citv’s very
high hopes of a Greater Cincinnati
that would have almost doubled its size in ter.
ritorv andinhabitants. It is said. that the tne

Senator Jobnson to Fill the Office While Gov, |
Voorhees Is in Eurove.

Trenton, N.J., May 21. Senator Wiillain M
Johnson, President of the Senate, was sworn in
as Governor to-day to act during the absence
of Gov Voorhees, who sailed for Europe last
week. The oath was administered by Chanecel-
lor Magie in the presenee of the Court of Ere |
rors and Appeals. Afterward the acting Gov- C :
ernor dined with the Justices of the court fluence of the one gas company. of this city is
Since Gov Voorhees sailed it has become known | very much apparent in to-night’s deteat of the
l that he recently offered to Senator Jolinson. a | annexationists as with added territory new

seat inthe Supreme Court, but the Senator de- | franchises and competition were in sigit
clined it ——————

 

Joseph McGrath 102 Despite Whiskey and
Tobacco,

MRS, POTTER GETS A LAWYER,

Indications Now That Her Hasband's Divorce | Joseph MeGrath, formerly a stoneecutter,

Suit Will Bo Contested. celebrated his one hundred and second birth-
. ol. May2. T . f day at his home, 444 Fast Righty-second street,
NEWPORT, 3 Pot ey st he divorce case i ‘on Sunday. He was born in County Down,

James Brown otter against Cora Urquiiart | Ireland, and came to this country to join his

Potter, which will be called for hearing on” ehijdren and grandchidren about thirty vears

Monday, June 4, is to be contested When the ago His bearing, sigbt and memory are

dockets were given out on Monday Inst there | litte impaired, and he is still strong enough to

. take a daily walk and to make an occasional
was noapoearance for Mrs Potter, but since | grip to Whitestone, L. 1, where he owns prop-

then Col. William P Shefleld has been retained — erty Mr MeGrath has used tobaeco and

ashercounse) tis understood tuat desertion | whiskey since he wasa boy, He attributes his

is alleged in the petition, and the Rhode Isiand | good health to the fact that he has always taken

law reeow izes Us a8 a cause for divorce lenty of outdoor exercise His wife died a
ee vears ago at the age of 06 and since

| that time be has been living with his daughter,

Mrs Catherine Ruddy
I., May 21—The barn at — — ate
Hig Waterspout Off Sayville,

Sayvinne, L. 1. May 21 — Boatmen here are
talking about a big waterapout that appeared
in the ocean off this coast Inst Friday. Those
whosawit ..ythacit whirled along ina line al-
most paritie! waih the shore il there was a
loud report and jt collapsed The foam tt
created reached the beach

William BR, Grace's Barn Burned,

Great NECK, I.
“Gracefleld, "William K. Grace's country home
near this village, was struck by lightning and |
burned this afternoon, Despte the heavy raim !
the flames epread rapidiy, urged on bya violent *
wind. More than fifty volunteers helped fleht

the fire. Thirty or more horses were in the
stable and they were immediately turned loose
and save The carriages, wagons and harness
also were sived The loas is about $15,000. Not
quite a vear ago the barnon Mr. Grace's place
was burned and the building destroyed this
afternoon was built last summer to replace ft.

Go to O'Neill's for Women's Straw Hats,
Ureat Saleoft Dress Shapes and Banded Sailors now
going on, They ciler the greatest value in) New
| York Sixih Ave., 20th to 21st St—Adr,

Opening of Poland Spring House May Sist.

on Poland Water Depot. 3 Park pL, N. Y.— Special Sale of Acolians and Pianolas,
de

For full particulars see last page. ~Ado

Fair to-day and to-morrow;
moderate temperature,

—

PRICE TWO CENTS.

ee

raxes row ior mon as #¥eR.| BOERS SEE SECRETARY HAY

Feltner Lays It to the Davis Schoo! Dill and

the Franchise Tax Law. Pe eta : oie
President Feitner of the Tax Board sald yes- can FEMS SOT ERN SEAT SO Seeeee

terday that the tax rate for 1901 will be fully as ITS SERVICES AS MEDIATOR, 4

ereatas the rate for 1900) Several weeks avo nae

Mr. Feitner said that the tax ratefornext year, The Secretary Refers to the Result of the

would be lower, but he has changed bis iind Tender by the United States of Its Goo@

He sald that his calculations had heen upset by Offices, and Sava That the President Feel

the passae of the Davia School bill, which will | az :

add $4,500,000, to the expenses of the city. In That No Course ty Open to Him Except te
| Persist In the Polley of Impartial Neutrale

acd tion to that, investigation of the cew fran.

chise tax law, retnoves much of the property of ity. The Boers Did Not Present Credentials,
corporations from the personal tax class,
which reduces the amount that has always
come to the city from the corporations, and
turns itover tothe State These things com-
bined, said Mr Feitner make tt Impossibl: to
predict a smaller tax rate inthis city for next ,
year. Last vear’s rate was $2.48, and Mr. leis-
ner sald that he thought the rate for 1001 would
be at Jeast that, and maybe more,

WASHINGTON, May 21.) -The object of the mige
sion on whieh the Boer delegates travelled all
the way from South Africa to the United States
wes unfolded to-day to Secretary of State
Ilay, who, as the ofMeer inebarce of the foreign
rela jons of the Government, received the delae
gates and listened to what ther ladtosay, At
theend of on hour the throes stalwart Afrikaue
ders leurned that tar tone trip had been ia
vain, so far as it coneerned the hope thatthe
AinericanGoverninent world veo ls iniivence te
bring peace to their far-olf eouatry. The delee
gates made an appeal to the United Stites Gove
ernment, through Mr, Hay, to tender its sere
Mr Hay's answer, which
haudevidently been carefully prepared in ode
vance, Was a comprehensive explanation of the
eclreumstences surrounding the previous ate
tempt of this Government to end hostilities and
the reasons which forced it to now reinectantly
decline to again take the inittative in) the
matter

The delogates cid not present to the Secretary
of State any credentials from the Boer repube
Hes. Whether they will do so remains to be
seen, but the opinion is eeneral among officials
and those friendly to the Boer enise that they
Bill Jose mueh and gain nothing by tying thete
tonguesand tieir hands through the assumpe
tion of diptomatic funetions. From what is
enid by those close to the delevation, it is probe
able that Mr Fischer and his collenenes will dee
vote rhe rest o* their stay in Amerien to holding
Massineet nus for the purpose of creating
aympathy and raising money. The interview
between Mr. Hav and the delegates lasted just
anhour, Shortly atter the del-zates departed

Mr. Hay wave the following official statement
to the press,

“Mossrs A. Fischer, C. 1. Wessels and A.D
W. Welmarans, the delegates in this country of
the South African republics, called to-day by
1 a ah a a appointment at the State Bepartment.. They

discharge yesterday of nine <rilors from | were cordially reeeived aud rem ined with the

SENDING IN JAPANESE LABORERS.

How Contractors Are Beating Our Immigra-
tion Laws and Getting Rich.

Vancorver, B. C, May 21.— The United
States Immigration Agent here has mad» some
discoveries concerning the way in which Jap-
anese immigrants are sent by the Japanese
labor contractors from British Columbia to the
United States. These contractors inform the
immigrants that they will loan them a roll of
bils to show to the Immigration Agent as
proof that they are not paupers, and will
pass them through the immigration office for
SO cents. Later they inform thetr victims that
the United States Government charge will be
$5.50, making $6in all As this frand has been
going on since January and the Japanese are
coming in at the rate of 6,000 a month, the la-
bor contractors have been reaping @ rich
harvest. Japanese Consul Shimizu ts investi-
gating

These contractors also charge each laborer
$3 for getting him work and #1 a month there-
after while he ts working. One Vancouver
Japanese {ts said to have anincome of $1,000 4
month from this source

Vices as a mediator,

FOR BREAKING THE SABBATH,

Sallors on Commodore Gerry's Yacht Dis-
charged for Playing Cards on Sunday.

Commodore Fibridge T. Gerry's yacht Electra | Secretiry of State tor more than an hour, They

t » i . ot f ) Ta } p
gave rise toareport that a general strike had ear e core ih 2 ee SS a : ath ane
ocurred among the seamen aboard the vessel the controversy jn South \irica and the desire
The vacht has been lving at anchor inthe lower | of tue Boer republics that the United States
bay offthe foot of Fifty-eizhthstreet, Bay Hidge, |

1 We bave remained faithful to the pree
cept of avoiding entangling alliances as to afe
faire not of onr direet coneern. Had clreume
stances siagested that the parties to the quare
rel would have welcomed any kindly exprese
sion of the hope of the American people that
war might be averted, good offices would have
been gladly tendered.’

“As the wor went on the President, while ree
gretting the suffering and the sacrifices by both
of the combatants, could do nothing but pres
serve a strict neutrality between them, This he
has steadily and consistently done, but there
pever has been a moment when he would hav
neglected any favorable occasion to use his goo!
offices in the interests of peace

“On the 10th of Jast March we received from
Mr. Hay, the United States Consul at Pretoria,
this _t-legram:

* "Tam officially requested by the Governments
of the republics to urge vour intervention
with a view to cessation of hostilities. Same
request made to representatives of European
powers,’

“The President at once directed me toconve
the substance of this telegram to the Brité
Government, and in communicating this re
quest I was directed by him to express bit
earnest hope thata way to bring about pea
might be found, and to say that he woul
be gladtoaidinany friendly manner to pro-
mote ao happy a result. The Transvaal Govern-
ment was at the same time informed of the
President's actioninthematter, Ourrepresent-

should intervene in the interost of peace and
" use ita influence to that end with the British
and the discharged men when theycarme ashore | Government The Secretary of State made the
complained of ill treatment by First Mate Poin, | fe Nowitng reph 2
hey said he wouldn't allow them to play cards, denna tast econ ae a message to the Con~
sing or have any amusement after working | °° "This Government has maintained an attle
hours and life aboard the veasel was made in- tude of neutrality in the unfortunate contends
bearable. Retn has been in charge of the yacht | paroen Great Britain and the Boer States o!
for three weeks and the men said that they were | ( 4
compelled to quit on account of his treatment
The men, according to an offleer aboard the |
Flectra, were discharged becance they had re- |
fused to keep the Sabbath, They had insisted on
playing cards on Sunday, which was a violation
of orders, and would not obey orders given to
them

POWERS AGAIN WARN

Reported Joint Note Demanding the Snppres-
ston of the Anti- Foreign Movement,
Specia! Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Lonpon, May 21.-Tn® Sun's correspondent
hears from a high source that grave conditions
exist in Peebili, China, The Chinese, it is said,
are rising against the foreigners because of the
many concessions and contracts that have
been granted to the latter

Loxpox, May 22-A despatch to the
Timea from Pekin says that the diplo-
mats = huve addressed a joint note
to the Tsung-li-Yamen demanding that
the Government suppress the Boxers
and the anti-foreign propaganda, which has
assuined serious proportions. The note, while
firm, is not menacing. If the anti-forelen
movement is not checked the legations will be
again compelled to bring military guards to
Pekin.

CHINA?

Miss Pettit Was Always Up and Around Until
She Fell and Hurt Her Hip.

Fueminoton, No d., May 2i.--Miss Sarah
Pettit, aged 100 years, died last night at the
homeof B,J. Chamberlain on the outskirts of
Flemington, where she had spent the past sixty
years of her life. She was born on Mareh 5,
1800, inastone house near the mine brook not

ativein London promptly communicated the
President's instruction to Lord Salisbury,
In answer he was requested to thank the Presle
dent for the friendly interest shown. by him,
and Lord Salisbury added that her Majesty's
Government could not accept the interventfon
of any power. This communication was also
- immediajely transmitted {0 our Conse it rres
. ™ torla, to be communicated to the l’resident o
MAD KING OTTO DYING, the South African Republic, So far as we are
. anaes informed, the United States was the only Gove
Now Unable to Move orSpeak and His Death prempent in Boe morte of of) ane Sppronane
e »y the South African republics which tender
te Hourly Expected. ite good offices to either of the combatants in
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN. the interest of a cessation of hostilities.
Lonnon, May 22-A despatch to the Tele- ( “As allusion ps been made ren tuseated
leanne cay 4 a a ‘onvention, and as action has been sugges
groph from Vienna says that the condition of bused upon'that instrument, it may be as we
the mad King Otto of Bavaria bas become so | to quote a phrase from Astole IIT, which cares
“hw ado 3 , eted, "Powers stranger to the dispute may have
age " Tee tas - . i _ ’ ene ape rts the right to offer good offices or mediation, even
He has been paralyzed for two days, an during the course of hostilities,’ and Article V,
unable to move or speak, which says, ‘The functions of the mediator are
a at an end when onee it 1s Geciared, elther py
oa ° oe ° er one of the parties to the dispute or by a
LOUISIANA SENATORS CHOSEN. mediator himself, that the means of reconcilia-
aio tion proposed by him are not accepted,’ This
Gov, Foster, Who Succeeds Caffrey, Confesses | wo id seem to render any further action of the
Unsoandness as to Silver, United States unadvisable under existing cire
cnnmstances

New Onirans, May 21—The Demoeritio nn he ateps taken by the President in his
logislative cauens of Louisiana to-right nom- | earnest desire to aes ah and to the ne whicn
: “nite , 5 oP , as caused so much suffering mav_ already be
inated United Btates Senator 8. D. McFnery es oo to have gone to theextreine limit permitted
succeed himself for the term to beginin 1993 | 4, jim. Indeed, ff in his diseretion he had
and Gov. Murphy J. Poster to succeed Senator | chosen not to gro! neland the Bouts
rs ny . ~ lov. Poste friein request for good offices, he might have
Caffrey, Lis term to begin in 1901, Gov, Poster eae Pee ot ie eatertina to whe folloam
confeseed to the caucus that he was not sound | ing declaration, Which was made in the very ac®
on the 16 to 1 proposition, but declared that he | of siening The Hague Convention by the plente
would whey the wishes of the democracy on aL Die delat els ah te nh ntion shal
that point. Senator MeEnery made a similar | pe eanstrued as to require the United States o
confession as to the tariff andalso declared | America to depart from its traditional policy o!

' ' ' ) i r upo terfe vit onfane
himself in favor of the popular election of Oe area alana ny eues as urea
Senators adtiinistration of any foreign state; nor shal

anyvhing contained in the sald convention be
construed to imply a relinguishment by ~
United states of America of its tradition
attitude toward purely American questions,’
The President svinpathizes heartily in hg
sineere desire of all the people of the Unite
States that the war which is now afflicting
South Africa may, for the sike of both parties
engaged, come toa speedy close, but, having
done his full duty in preserving a strict neue
tral position between them and in seizing the
first opoortunity. that presented itself for tens

dering his wo if in the interests of peace,
he feels that, i present circumstances, no
far from Flemington She was the daughter ot | conrse is open to run except " pak the

wae ‘ a Gan volley of impartial neutrality, To deviate from
Jesse and Annie Pettit. nelther of whom Nia would he contrury to all our traditions and
reached the three-score-and-ten mark, Mare} al) our national interests and would lead te
guret Pettit, her sister, hved to be 0? years Up | consequences wiich neither the President no
the people of the United St ites could regar
with favor"

Prior to the arrival of the delegates Secree
tary Hayvhad ed with President MeKinley
as to the attitude to be pursued by the
Governr \ svard to the envoys. The
call of Messrs, Fischer, Wes aln and x camarans

‘DIE . Ye . . ‘ waebhvarrangement, Gen James Ro O'Beirne
BURIED STWIAT FLOOR AND CEILING, of New York having acted in behalf of the
ni 7 . three Afrikanders Promptly at 2:30 o'clock

Bodies of Two Children Found tn Coffins | 4), surrived atthe State Departmen$
After Undertaker Moved Out, \ vel ishered into the “pee

. reception room, where

While carpenters W remaking changes in the i representatives of foreign
building at 216 Market street, Newaord, vester- | governmoen re received Jt was understood
day they found two coffins stowed away be- he beginning olbed 3, goat me ey oo

F slountes Was to be entirely unoffles ide
tween the floor and ceiling above the basement, the rule of courtesy whieh the President: an
Each little coffin contained the remains of a | the Seeretary of State apply to “distinguished
child evidently overa yearold. The building stranucers ao bina
was putt nearly thirty vears ago by Charles W, | [he preservalio

ton year agoshe had always been npand around
the house She fell then and injured her hip
and was afterward contined to her bed. Her |
hearing and eyesight became impaired fifteen
years ago, She was reputed to be very wealthy

of precaution and for
irate necount of the

interview Mr romoned his private

Hle soid it two years | se tars yveraphie report of

avo to Philip Ney Jackson. Compton moved | the cony mn toe inveiew ward
yp wart of the Intervie t f-
his business to the corner Marshall and | The erent

voted toanes witton by the delegates of the
Broad streets. He blames dead and gone em: | eonditions whieh | broughton the war with
ployees tor not burysng the vhildren, Le pro- andand the tion in which the repube
fesses to know nothing whatever about the ha been olaced by combating a great
matter, and lis ehief agent, George Wo Callen, | old their story with much eloe
in © Iv ignorant about the two eoftins, ‘The | power and capped it) with
Board of tiealti: will make a thorougn ° ip for Amertean intervention It
search of the building to-day { wident that the term “intervene
synonym of “mediae
There WE no apnenal for a
to foree vy this Government to
President Mekiniley npel Great Britain to make terms, ale
“intervention” iraplies reeourse to
to attain an end ‘nm the cone
Va, tosee the eclipse of the sun As Norfolk rary, the Boer Envevs made an exceede
is within the area of totalitv he will have an mnerate request that this Government
oa ” . yy ' ' t a) i
ideal post af ob ervation Pie Pre it will ‘ fMtnton ' gi a ama thy
make the trip on the Uiited States despatch | tho Government eould not arnt the request is
boat Dolpin, The names of those who will ae- | fully explained by Mero tlav in the statemeng
‘ ’ ' ,
company him have not been announced Anis sarentti :teature of the visit of the delae
om ——

Opening of Poland Spring House May 3st,

anes Polund Water Depot, 3 Park ph, & Yeo
a

Compton, an undertaker

-———— $= i" as used as
The President to See the Eclipse at Norfolk,

Wasitinaton, May 21
will leave Washington on Saturday for Norfolk,

Opening of Poland Spring Mouse May

Clreulars Poland Water Depot, 3 Park pl, N. ¥.—
Ade.