Ons
of

 

D.

   
 
 
     
   

Take
me.
avee
purth
neh,
is the
eina
bench
man

im in
neer
eby
man
over
$4 in
shat

  

    
     
  
   
   
  
   
   
  

   
 

ao of
nlace
ured
, but
d the
slice
dno
vine
ill ree

ane
at he
mase
1898,
time
ut the
p the
ry w

 
 
 
  

out
Deress
Steel
and
Ing by
pany.

ee we

=)
“

 

 

i

ICE OFFICIALS UP IN COURT.

AINING TRADE
quepwitl RESTR :
a 1 Kh PORTER'S COMPLAINT.
in Jefferson Market Very Frosty
sea Threatened for President Morse
te ie Didn't Kespond to a Summons
Whe Complainant on Hand,

Case Goes Over,
ound directors of the

  

 

QUEENS CITIZENS SCORE CHARTER.

Ex-Mayor Gleason Says the People There Are
Weary of Consolidation,

Javatoa, NOY, May 21—A dozen of the

residents of the borough of Queens took turns |

at dissecting the charter at @ hearing before
the Conmlsston on Charter Revision held in the
Town Hall, Jarmatea, this eventng. With one or
two exceptions all the speakera were in favor
of reducing the number of officeholders In the
borough and giving the actual borough of-
clala increased powers

Jolin W. Weed, on behalf of the Village Asso-

' clation of Flushing, declared that the borough

tthe offles
nly pay Corpus responded to the eum-
we a ce yy betore Magistrate Zeller in the
ee + ret pollee court yesterday afters |
’ a yr oexamdnad under the cormplatnt
r oe 3 1} mid hupter ovo of the laws
ns all at toneanor in conspiring to
Ce ec ja restral tof trade in an article
ee ws ty and use. The penalty
a” t i tils law ois, in) the case
Fe dun! ne year’s tiaprisomment
. 1a tht e both In the ease of a cor-
. ee ' asoug tt In addition to Presi-
ite Mor sreretary Seott and Supt Wineh
¢ a had ‘ eon eutomoned to appear Direc
eat W. Hunt, Wesley Mo Oler, ¢ i. Chureh,
i hn Bauer, J A. Kavan uh, Charlea Devoe,
rh Bennett and John DP Schoonmaker
vid two of tht others, But only Mr. Wineh
ad Mr Sel iker were in) the compact
re whi rowded the platform tn front of
Ss 4 when Muagisteate Zeller took his

the bar were lavishly repres
istrate Zeller’s eye ran coldly
ug notebooks, which looked

the little sea of up-

li he eaps on
Fie faces of reporters. Then it rested

 

 

  
    

“moment on the small Bar, Associae
toored in a compact body more
i troutol hin. The Magistrate had

scaped a sort of cold-storage Joke
int know it, An imitation. cake of
root jong nade of paperand Jabelled
cents bad been placed on his desk
Cuorist just before he entered, but the
rreopdants had removed it, tearing that
ght result ina trost for somebody
nded magisteral dunity Though he
dthejone Magistraie Zeller showed
He finally fixed his gaze upon
oll and, inatone whieh had no
tyeral Warmth in it, said
Vhere is Me. Morse?”
i ir ionor, L represent Mr. Morse," said
in a Voice of melting softness and
rieradiant enough with sunshine to
wation on the Hudson in Pebruary
ere is po summons for you,’ sald the
“Lwant Mr. Morse in court. Where

"sald Mr. Nicoll,

a

   
   

Lance N

with
open nay
Putt

rites

b ‘

fugis
sis only asummons,

“Iti. poeta warrant ’ I
trake any difference,

 

‘It dows 4 said Mag-

 

jetrate Zeller ‘You cau make out @ case
agaist Mr. Morse,” he continued, turging to
t neditorthe people, "Dll issue a war-
rat : ; "” : ”
“fyour honor will wait,” sald Mr. Nicol), “I
wiltelephone to Mr. Morse tle will be here in
hai! a ir

in_that wnderstandimg the Magistrate ad-
irned t yanunation toa private room and

ded. Mr. Shearn, of the firny of

 
  

t proceed
kinstein &W Pownsend, opened the case. The
‘ twasiade by the New York Journal
turoul Walter Howard, a acer of that
paper, and Mr. Nicoll demanded that ba have
they eve ofexamining Mr. tloward as toon as
Mr shear ad introduced certified auricles of

rporation of the American Tee Company,

 
  

yomoned Mr. Willan MeClure,
s be New York Stock Exchange,
“ toed the company's application to. be
| ihe Exeoange In response to Mr
\ ~ qiesyions Howard said he had made
the complatintas the resultot a week s investi-
gation

t

t

t

   

 

of the jee business — The complaint
nong other things, that the Knickers
ind Consolidated ice companies were
Isihess Competitors in New York

Ityou bad known that the Knickerbocker
Company neversold a pound of ice in New York
and never Was a competitor of the Consoli-
dated Company you Would have thought twice
becore you set the machinery of the criminal
jaw aunimotion, Would you not?” observed Mr
Nicoll
Had known that to be the case it might
\ adan effect upon my action,” responded
uv Thess,

“Did vou know that independent ice com-

nies had twice as many distributing stations
n brooklyn as the American loe Company?”

“TL did not

Did von know that 29 per cent. of tee da
livery stations in Manhattan and The Bronx
were in the hands of independent come
panies?
“In other words," interrupted counsel for
the prosecution, “did he know the American
lee Company had so per cent. of the ice busi-
ness of Manhattan and The Bronx in its

 

 

  

 

»wasa wrangle over this, fo the middle

Ther

  

of whichit was announced that Mr. Morse was
e outer court room and would coine in if
idgeta chair
thin stay where he is,” said the Magis-

want is to know that be fs
ck the hearing was adjourned until

on. Wednesday atternoon next,
Nicoll will continue Howard's ex-

\sthe hearing closed counsel for
ition solemnly demande 1 to know if
cott was present and if he had
company’s books and papers
\ nacalled for, Mr. Seott came
ud showed himself while the counsel
and then, apparently, vanished
He could not be found
him onthe stand,” cried Mr. Shearn.
“tle nas sneaked away Mr. Rand of defend-
told him to getaway. IT wantto
ehas brought those books and pa-
pers a the hasn't want to_have him come
mitted for contempt atone. It will bea very
hard matter to serve a subpena on him."

Mr Nicoll assuring him that the subpana
could he served whenever the prosecution de-
fired, the cou! sel was appeased

Transeriptot a judementfrom Kinga county
was filed » vesterday against John D.
Schoonmaker of the American lee Company
for $4.09) infavorotthe American Ice Manu-
facturing Company

Judgment Against [ceman Schoonmaker,

The American Ice Manufacturing Company
obtained in the Supreme Court in Brooklyn

>
2 K
\

  

   

   

 

 

 

 

 

yesterday, a indgment for $6,040.29 against John
I) Schoonmaker for ice supplied the defendant
during IOS and 1809 The suit to recover judg-

Ment Was besun sometime ago and waa re-
ferred to Sander Shanks to take testimony
and decide upon the amount due the plaintiff,
Supreme Court Justice Gaynor approved the
recommendation of the referee und entered
Judgment for the amount

CHURCH BASEMENT ABLAZE,

 

 

Rat, and a Match Dropped Down a Register,
Supposed to Have Set Fire to St, Peter's,

 

 

 

 
 

   
 

A small tre inthe basement of St. Peter's
Roman Catholic Chureh in Barclay street did
5 it $500 damage at midnight last night
The fre Was discovered by Policeman
a r ‘io saw smoke coming out of
1 * diseient and turned in un alarm
ge r found tha: the flames were
a ering Detween the ceiling of the Sunday
aot room in the basement and the floor
aie 6 wireh They ripped out the
xe uid after an hour's work sue-
, nh extinguishing the blaze The
i feof the fire is unknown, The steam
; a 'n church has been shut off since May
One fe turnaee in the building and the
Tree gectricwirein it runs to the organ and
hare ed on Sut lav night. The firemen
oe me dropped a match down one

pee fesister and was ign ted by a rat.
warn lsat the freafter the engines
Reading nine mbers of Roinbow Engine of
paitte ‘, J. Who are stopping at the Cosmos
iat 8 in Ch ombers street, They wera
he a r an d Were interested spectators of
we Work of the New York fleemen

HABEAS CORP'S FOR MRS, WARNER,

Supreme Court to Re Asked to Look Into the
Arrest for Potash-Throwing,

2 a ae p teri and MeTntvre, counsel for
= i art eP, who is aceused of throwing
pe ‘ of Mrs Carrie Cronin, wife
oS vol Cronin of 493 West Fifty-first

wit ok last Thursday night, said

y would apply to-day to the

 

rawrit of habeas corpus to

i ‘rt tree ot bonds Thev say that
i in Jersey City attending a
: E hoirsdas night when the potash was
ile yond ice of the physician's wile by
an who ealled at Dr Cronin‘’s
hy
‘ ‘lok this morning Mra. Warner
Sat rile Pin the podce court for oxami-
ks : , cr charged against her is pune
ter ay 8 r nhioentin State's prison for a

JAMES THORNTON IN BELLEVUE,

Has i: E bal

as Leen Killing Highballs Furtously and
Now He Needs a Rest,

ea Thornton,

the vaudeville singer and

 

oa ‘hr, Walked into Bellevne Hospital last
“yl fering ‘rom aleoholism

Big! Ye Wikked from Fourteenth street. to
Oreees J heet. he said, “and - have killed
that’ ind every lowball to be found in

have» JTS | would like the best room. you

drink oat! can get in condition to kill the

HH ve in the restot the citw. to-morrow.”
itin the alcoholic ward

SPARKS FROM THE TELEGRAPH.

 

ae ght eh coneerns vut of twenty-six are to come

OXeu. f omoination of Boston breweries, It is to be
tts Pi .

100i 000. corporatiug and will have a capital of

|

avatern of governtentin vogue tn Queens wa
burdensome and exceedingly unsatisfactory
He considered that the taxpayers in the bor-
ough were entitled to have some say about how
the money raised for improvements was ex-

pended and by whom, He sold they were
kept in absolute ignorance concerning
how and by whom the money appro-
priated for improvements wes epent, Fver
since consolidation the etreets in Flusn-
ing bad been neglected, and were
woing tornin. Mr. Weed also declared that the

wople of the borough wanted @ vol ein the xe-

ie: on of offleeholders who are appointed to
govern them = tle sugmested that a separate
tux be imposed for tinprovements, Willam
Wrekol? of the Citizens’ Association of damalca
sald the present Charcer Was sort of a hybrid
affair, part autocratic and part town meeting
Hie declared that the present system of borough
gevernment) was absolutely ridiculous, and
that the Mayor should have absolute power of
appointment and retnoyval,

County dudge Moore and former. Justice 1,
N. Manley were of the opinion that the Mayor's
term should be limited to two years subject to
reslection. EK. L. Stevens, Borough Superin-
tendent of Public Schools, told of the tribu-
lations experienced. by educators under the
resent system and several apeakers were
n favor of electing the borough schoo! boards.

Foriner Mayor Gleason of Long Isiand City
declared that no matter what wise amendments
might be enacted one little Assemblyman could
alter them all. He wasin favor of making the
Mayor's term two years and giving biin abso-
lute power. He asserted that if Van Wyck had
the power now he would oust aeven-tenths
of his appointees, who had been good for the
first three montha of th ir terms because they
were installed tn good fat Jobs. Owing to
the muddle in the educational provistons of the
Charter, he sald, there were 4,000 children in
Long Island City to-day who were being de-
prived of education. due to a jack of school
accommodations, and the people are unable to
remedy it| Mr. Gleason also declared that if
put toa vote the people of Queens would vote
overwhelmingly to be severed from New York
city and @o back to their old system of govern-
ent,

fhe Queens County Bar Assoctation has taken
wp the eublect of the revision of the Toaster It
was decided ata meeting gesterday fo appoint
a Committee of three members from each of (he
five wards in the borouh to present mutters of
importance to the Charter Revision Commission
The selection of the committee was left to
Judge Moore, President of the association

FEW WELI-PAID LEGISLATORS.

Guggenhelmer’s Proposed Substitute for the
Municipal Assembly.

President Randolph Guegenhelmer of the
Municipal Council satd yesterday that he was
going to recommend to the Charter Revision
Coramisston, the abolition of both houses of the
Municipal Assembly. Mr Guemenhelimer said
that the houses wero useless to the city, and
that the sooner they went out of business the
better off the efty would be In place of the
Assembly, he satd, he would recommend a
municipal body to be made up of one repre-
sentative from each Senate district in the ety
He thought that the payment of good salaries
to the mombers of thia body would result in the
sort of serviee that the city needed trom it
Salaries of $5.000 a year or nore, he said, ought
to secure for such a bedy the very best and
ablest cliss of men as lawmakers for the city
In addition to this, Mr. Guegenheimer is going
to recommend to the commission the taking
out of the hands of the Assembly, or the body
that succeeds it, all control over bond iasnes
He thinks the Board of Fatimate should have
entire control of bond issues

 

RAID ON ASTOR HOUSE BLOCK,

Doyle's Tranks and Other Sidewalk Stocks
Carted Off to the City Yard.

The Burean of Incumbranees made a raid on
six of theshops inthe Astor House block ves-
terday and seized a truckload of stuff which
was obstructing the sidewalk. The places
visited were the trunk stores of D. A. Doyle and
the Marlow Sullivan Company, the Astor House
drug store, Ehriich & Sons’ jewelry store, the

Astor House newsstand and €C. P. Zoucada’s
furnishing store. About sixty pleces were
carried away from Dovie’s place, and about
thirty from the Marlow Sullivan store  Zoue
cada's four showcases were taken, buy he was
allowed to remove the contents. The drug
store lost two {ce cream soda stands, the news-
stand a table, and Ehrlich & Sons four small
cases of jewelry and notions The raid was
made on the complaint of H. © | Seymonur,a
lawyer of 875 Fulton street, Brooklyn, who
acted for a client who said his business had
been interfered with by the obstruction of the
sidewalk

[t was {na rafd on Dovle's trunk store on Oct
20, 1808, that Willlam Scott, an employee of the
store, was beaten. He caused the arrest of
Mark Schlesinger, an tnspector of the Bureau
of Incumbrances, for assault, and also got a
verdict of $5,000 ;galnst the olty Three years
aftor the assault Schlesinger was tried and con-
victed and sentenced toa year’s imprisonment,

Exhibdttton of the School of Applied Design
for Women,

The New York School of Applied Desten for
Women Is holding ita exhibition this year at 210
Fifth avenue, wherea reception marked the
opening of the exhibition yesterday afternoon,
The exhibition fs an interesting one from the
elementary work to the section of “historic or-

nament,” which Includes designs fn color rep-
resentative of the ages, atnwes and schools of
art development from the savage state of man
t» contemporary man, Allot the exhibits are
the work of studentsof the school, Not the least
{interesting section is that given to the students’
work in “conventionalized fomn,” where the
originality of the workers comes out, hot only
in the manipulation of formes, but in the colors
in which they have worked out their problems
In designs for silks and wall paper there are
many colors and intricate forms, carefully ar-
ranged, Sketches of tha life and costume
classes and by those in architecture, illustration
and the antique are included in the exhibition,
which remains open until Thursday

¥. W. C, Assoctation’s Commencement Day,

It was Commencement Day at the Young
Women's Christian Association vesterday and
364 young women who had attended the ar, ine
dustrial and business classes during the year
gathered in the matn hall last evening to re-
ceive their diplonias Sten graphy, typewrit-
ing, bookke ping, modelling, wood carving,
drawing, painting, sewing, dresstiaking, cook-
ing and sick nursing were among the sublects
in which they had graduated. An address was
made by Dr. James H. Canfleld of the Columbia
University

 

OBITUARY.

 

Col Wickham Hoffman died at Atlantic City
yesterday of paralysis. He leaves a widow
und one son, % i. Hoffman of this city. Col
Hoffinan was the son of the Hon. Murray Hott.
man, Assistant Viee-Chancellor and afterward
a Judge of the Superior Court of New York.
He graduated from Harvard in 1842 and_after-
ward became a lawyer. In the Civil War he
was aide-de-camp to Gov. Morgan and Inspected
the New York volunieers at rortress Monroe,
In 1862 he was made Assistant Adjutant-General
attached to the staff of Gen. Thomas Williams,
and later was transferred to the staff of Gen.
W. T. Sherman. [i 186 went to Paris as As-
sistant Secretary of the American Legation. A
vear later he was made First Secretary and held
the place for nine years. In 1875 he was trans-
ferred to London and {tn 1877 to St. Petersburg.
Ite served as Minister to Denmark in Presi-
dent Arthur's adininistration, and after tour
years’ service retired to private life. He was
the author of “Court, Camp and Siege.”

Edmund Dwight died on Sunday night at bis
home, 148 West Twelfth street le was born
ip Utiea In 1815 and was the son of the Rev,
Henry. Dwight. In 185 he was graduated
from Yale fle lived in Genova, No Y., for a
year, whither his father had gone, and then
spent two vearsin Europe, After that he settled
in New York, and became the head of the firm
of Dwight, Beales & Co,, commission merchants
Later he was a member of the firm of A. S
Barnes & Co, publishers. He retired from
business several vears ago. In 1849 he waa
married to Harriet Allen Butler, the daughter
of the late Benjamin F. Butler of New York
She survives him, as do a daughter and two
sone

Cyrus Swan, died yesterday, at Poughkeepsie
inthe ichty-first vearofhiaage. He was one o'
the original trustees of Vassar College, and
was editor of the Poughkeepsie News when
it was owned by the late John O. Whitehouse

Charles 8S. Langcon of the firm of C. 5. Lang-
don & Co.. lumber merehants, of 68 Broad street,
died on Sunday at East Hampton, Conn, where
he was spending a briet vacation. He was
85 vears old and was born in Brooktyn,

Abraham Hedges Dayton, who was for many
years a member of the New York Stock Ex-
change, died at his home, 196 Manhattan avenue,
on Sunday. He was 63 years old and a native
of this city,

oe
siemens ecstatic eseatigaaaaamesiiesnaitaiaiaiies yea
eS oss SSS Ssesesssssannesssteittionnce

a ar SS

|
|

THE BESIEGEDHAD A’PHONE

DOCTOR BELEAGUERED BY JANITOR
IN HIS APARTMENT,

 

First Thing the Monarch of 66 Madison Ave.
nne Knew a Pollceman, Sammoned by
Wire, Had Him by the Neck as He Danced
His War Dance at the Doctor's Door,

Dr. Charles A. Wilson Prevost of 66 Madison
avenue had an engagement to keep this morn-
ing and went to bed early last night to weta
good rest. About i o'clock Dr, Prevost: wos
roused by sounds of revelry from the basement
of the building, which i4 an apartment house
He went down-stutrs to protest and found that
the janitor, John H, Wilson, was giving a party,
A plano was gotng andthe guests were doing
goine lively steps to the rag-tine that: the per-
former was grinding out. Dr. Prevost called
the Janitor out in the hall to protest about the
notwe. The janitor said he had a right to give a
party if he wanted to, and declined to break up
the gathering. So the doctor went back to bed
and made futile efforts to'xet to sleep.

In the meantime the party down fn the base-
ment had told Wilson that he ought not to
have let the doctor off so easy, Wilson thought
it over for a while and finally made up hts
inind that an apology was due. So he went
Hpstairs to Dr, Prevost’s apartinents and asked
the doctor to comecont The doctor declined
to obey and told the janitor to go away. Wil
son said that he would not go away until the
doctor came out and spolowlzed. Dr. Prevost
awainordered the manaway, and this time, he
says, Wilson responded by aeclaring vant he
had'a gun which he would use if the doctor
didn't come out

There was a long silence and then a crash as
Wilson threw himself against the door The
door stood, but Wilson made several more at-
tacks on it and It finally began to creak.

Dr. Prevost has atelephone. He rang up Po-
lice Headquarters and told the sergeant on duty
that he was besleged in his office by a drunken
desperado with a pistol and that he would prob-
ably be shot if help didn’t_arrive soon. The
sergeant rang up the West Thirtieth street sta-
tion, and gave the sergeant there the facts, The
Jatter sent Policeman Shibles around to the
house in a hurry

Shibles found Wilson in the hallway, outside
of the doctor's apartment, yelling at the top of
his lings for hisenemy to come out Without
any preliminaries Shibles granted Wilson by the
cont collar and hauled him downstatra, The
guests came out of the basement and satd it
wasa shame. They advised Wilson to resist
but he didn't. At the station house he was ac.
cused of disorderly conduct by the doctot and
was locked up.

 

MODEL DWELLINGS THAT PAY.

City and Suburban Homes Company Divides
4% 1-2 Per Cent, Yearly Profits,

The fourth annual report of President Flgin
R. L. Gould of the Cityyind Surburban Homes
Company has Just been issued to the stock-
holders. The company has several model home
plants in this city and ene in the neighborhood
of Bath Beach, which {s known as Homewood
The object of the company Is to provide com-
fortable homes to wage earners at a fair price,
andthe company has demonstrated that it can
and make money. Prestdent Gould's

eport shows that a3’ percent, dividend was
pald during the fiseal year on the $1,000,000 cap-
ital The peport shows a net income from
the Alired Corning Clark buildings of $10,268,58
‘There are 878 apartments in these buildings,
and the renta received were sufficient to cover
ail the expense of maintenance and yield a sub-
sinntial rate of (Interest on the investment
Theaversge number of vacant apartmenis
during the vear was seventeen, almost wholly
due to changes of residence by tenants so Gs to
be nearer places of employment ;

The company’s new buildings on the east side
of Virst avenue, between Sixty-fourth and
Sixty-fifth streets, have just been completed
They contain 48 apartments of two, three and
four rooms, and six stores, Five of the stores
and 107 of the apartments were rented and o¢-
cupied on April So. The best sanitary principles
have been considered in the construction. of
these homes. There ts free steam heat and hot
water and great economy resulta to the tenant
from these things and the privilege of using
gas for cooking

The Homewood estate consista of 530 city lote
between Sixteenth and Eighteenth avenues and
Sixty-seventh and Seventy-fourth streets,
Brooklyn. The fare to Homewood {s five conts
andthe time from Park row is 40minutes, The
pinpe {s well sewered, large mains having been

aidin ali the streets With the approval of the
Board of Health, a sewage disposal plani, de-
-igned by the late Col Waring, bas been erected
anitisin successful operation, Twenty vearsis
alowed purchasers to repay the purchase 7
of their homes, but the amount may be paid up
atany time, i! a purchaser so desires. ‘There
are 100 houses in Homewood, seventy-one of
which are occupied

o this

SUBSIDIES TO AMERICAN SHIPS

Favored by the Republican Clob-The Club
Keeps Its Name,

At the monthly meeting of the Republican
Club last nigt there was a warm debate on the
motion to change the nameof the club to the
“National Republican Club.’ Secretary A. B.
Campbell said that the change of name would
attract men from other States. Job Hedges
sald that what the club needed was a change
of heart and not a change of name, The
members should hustie for the intereats of the
club and the Republican party more than they
had been doing recently. Many of the mem-
bers, he asserted, had been ‘stuck on tbem-
selves"; for the past four years and did very lit-
tle work for the club

Col. CoH Denison proposed that the name be
made “Democratic-Republican.”” ifs. motion
was voteddown. Tt was finally decided to lay
the whole matter on the table

Col Penison as chairman of the Committee
on National Affairs read a report on “Govern
mont Aidto Atmerican Shipping.” He said {t
wos the duty of the Government to foster
American shipbuilding as foreign countries
were doing as that wasan important factor tn
national prosperity. The Government should
give subsides to American ships so as to en-
courage the building of vessels, The seven
maritime nations of FBurope spent $26,000,000
last vear in subsidies and mail contracts. The
report ended with a recommendation that Con-
gress promptly adopt measures to promote the
commerce and increase the foreign trade of
the United States and to provide auxiliary
ernisers, transports and seamen jor Govern-
mertiuse When necessary

The report was adopted and ordered printed,

LOST, FINDS A BABY CARRIAGE.
Old Mrs, Brander Saw tt, Liked It and Trean-
died Her Baby Away in It-Owner Wanted.

Mrs. Aunie Brander of 241 Fast Third street
started outfor a walk yesterday morning,
taking her year-old) granddaughter along.
When she had not returned at 6 o'clock Jast
night, the child's mother, Mre. Gerger, became
alariied and had the police send out a general
alarm for Mrs. Brander and th» baby. Pollee.
man Lankin found them at Fighty-fourth street
and Kast End avenue ats o'clock and Mra. Ger-
ger wos notified, At the police etation she
asked her tnother where she had been with the
baby

"T'm sure I don't know,”
der. “Il just took @ walk.”

“Where did you get that baby carriage?”
asked Mra. Gerger, pointing to an expensive
baby carriage in which Mrs Brander had been
trundling the baby when she was found. “That
{js not oura”’

replied Mrs. Bran-

“T'm sure I don't know,” replied Mrs.
Brander. "I got tired carrying baby and
I saw this carringe and liked {t, ao T took te ©

Mrs. Gerger took her mother and the baby
home The police sent out an alarm for the
owner of the baby carriage,

REDUCTION OF FREIGHT RATES,
Nebraska State Soard's Right to Order Cats
Sustained tn Court,

Lincoun, Neb, May 21. Attorney-General
Smyth received a telegram to-night saving
that the Circult Court of Appeals at St. Paul
had decided that the State had the right under
the masinim rate dectsion of the United States
Supreme Court to order re uetions in freight
rates. The different railroada secured injune-
tions preventing the State Board from inter-
fering in Any manner with existing tariffs.
These injunctions are now dissolved and no
further appeal can be taken save by special
permission .

The new rates ordered were 10 per cent,
reduction on cattle, 10 percent. on hogs and 30
percent, on corn Suits agerewating nearly @
miilion dollars have been fled againat the
roads as penalties for dicobedience, and thia
decision indicates that recovery by the State is
possible

Vardoned by the Governor.

ALMANY, May 21 Gov. Roosevelt to-day
pardoned Daniel Van Deusen, a former rea.
cent of Delmar, Albany county, who murdered
his cell mate, Phil Hyde, in the Albany Penile
tentiary on Oct, 1, 1878

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses
are more fully and ably treated In THe Sun's
news columns thanin any other medium, Ade
vertising thus becomes more valuable in Tas
BUN for Obvious reasons, Remember thia,—4

 

 
 
   
   

AW by

 

 

 

PROSPERITY AHEAD FO

 

\ Quarantine Is Over,

SAN Francisco, May 21.--Adv'ces from Hon-
olulu show that the long perlod of depresston
due to the plague quarantine is over and that

all signs point toa great business revival in a,

short time. The first cause of this better feel-
ing is the passage of the Hawaiian bill, an abso-
lute assurance of complete stability. This of
itself would ordinarily cause a boom, and there
is certain to be an jinmediate rush of capital to
Hawali, Eastern capitalists have simply been
walting for what has now occurred, Col
MacFarland in Washington and Rdward Pol-
litz and others In New York are ready to turn
the tide of investment seekers to Honolulu

President McKinley has approved a bil lately
passed by the Council of State, which makes
availiable over $2,000,000 additional money, a
large part of which will go into circulation at
once, Much of itis for unpaid accounts of last
year.

Secretary Gage announces that wit)iin forty-
five dave the Washington Government will call
{n $4,000,000 of the Hawatian bonds assumed by
the United States and pay for them, Probably
$4,000,000 of these bonds are held by Hawatian
people, and {t fs a conservative estimate that
$2,000,000 are in the islands at chis time. A large
partof these can be taken up at once under
thelr own terms and the balanee by come
promise. Out of the deal it seems probable that
nearly or quite $2,000,000 Will be returned to the
people in this way

Added to all this ts the near approach of
large dividends to be paid by the plantations.
These will cone in June and July. In view of
the settled condition of things none of the
plantations will hedge, but will pay promptly
and as largely as possible, The money will go
to men of all classes, as sugar stocks are
widely distributed

ASTOR HOUSE'S APPLE WOMAN DEAD.

She Was a Monopolist and Kept Bankers’
Hoors—Died Fither of Polson or Old Age.

Anastasia O'Connor, who had kept an apple
stand on the Barclay street side of the Astor
House for thirty years, ded yesterday after-
noon either of pofson or old age. Her grand-
son, William Burns, with whom she lived in the
rear of 24 City Hall place, first told the police
that the old woman had taken polson, After-
ward he said that tt was simply a case of old
age. Te did not know just what the age was
and neither did anybody else in the neighbor-
hood) Apastosia herself didn't know, but ber
friends agreed that her age must have been
about 85 vears

She died without medical attendance, so the
Coroner will make an antopsy anyway Other

tenants In the house heard the oldapple woman
groaning yesterday aTternoon and when they
went tosee what the trouble was she told them
she was dying Her grandson called Father
Gallagher, woo got there Just in time

In her apple business Mrs ©'Connor kept
bankers’ hours She appeared on the east side
of Broadway by the Post Office every morning
ust before 9 o'clock, and stood there till a po-
iceman had time to pilot) her across to ner
stand She didn’t care forearly morning pee,

 

 

 

she eaid, because si had a monopoly o
the business with the elrls on their way
to and from the parochial sehool in
Barclay street, After they had gone home at

8 o'clock in the afternoon she would close up
an! wait for the policeman to escort her across
Broadway again. Policeman Conway of the
Broadway squad, who has been doing escort
duty for Mra. O'Conuor recently, says that her
last appearance was on Friday

“When lvot her across that night," said Con-
way Vesterday, “Lasked her how business was,
as | did every day, andshe said she wished she
was dead "

MEDIUM HELPED HER INVEST.

Mrs. Smith Says She Was Swindled and Prose-
cutes Broker Sherwin,

Frank R. Sherwin, a broker of 176 West
Fighty-seventh street, who ts awaiting trial on
two complaints of obtalning money from
women under false pretences, was held for ex-
aminatiun ona third, preferred by Mrs. Jane
Smith of 6 West Twenty-second street, in the
Centre street police court yesterday, He was
committed to the Tombs until Mrs, Smith can
appear to preas the case

Mrs. Smith says she was induced by a spirit-
valiatle medium, who called himself Prof, Van
Dyke and had an offlee in West Thirty-fifth
street, togo with him to Sherwin’s office at 4

May. She leurned, she
Was promoting anenter-
pri-e known as) the Cuban Development
Company, and on Sherwin’s represen
tations she bought from. him $1,500 worth of
stock inthe company. ‘The shares were valued
at@soeach She saves that Sherwin told her
that the company owned 20,000 aeres of ugti=
cnltural and timber land in ¢ ubaand operated
arailroad which traversed the property to the
southern coust She asserts that she was
swindled and that the stock is worthless.

Mrs Sinith met Van Dyke, according to her
story, throuwh an advertisement in the Herald,
She went to see him and he went into a trance
andtold herfortune. She would make @ great
deal of money out of investments, he said in the
trance, and he would assiet her. The police
have been unable to find Van Dyke yet

Exchange place last
says. that Sherwin

LIGHT ON WITITE'S MURDER.
Police Arrest a Negro Who Says He Saw the
Blow Struck.

PuHInapenpura, May 21. Supt Quirk is of the
opinion that Henry Ivory, a colored man, who
was arrested at Germantown Junction, is one of
the men who murdered Roy Wilson White, the
law lecturer Ivory adinitted to the police that
he waa present when the blow was struck,
but BANS he at onee ran | away
and does not know what happened The
man who committe! the murder was called
“Ruek,” but he does not know ha name. He
said "Buck" worked with (he Buffalo Bill Wild
West Show. Detectives went to Harrisburg to-
day and saw all the negroes tonnected with the
show, but the man wanted was not there

The police deny that there was an arrest at
Jersey City, although they admit that search
was made there for the man described by Ivory
The statement of Ivory takes the element of
the mystery from the crime His plea that he
had nothing to do with it is not believed and ef-
forts are being made to extract a further con-
fession from him

In the pocket of a man named King, arrested
on suanicion in Philadelphia and discharged,
the police found a silver matchbox on which
was engraved the name of WP. Sloeovich, a
member of the Columbia football team. Mr
Slocovich lost the matchbox five wreks ago
while stopping at Pinehurst, 8. C. The prisoner
told the police he had found itin the roadway
near Pinehurst and a detective entled atthe
college and jearned from Slocovich that this
was very likely true.

REGISTER HOWE PLANS BIG PICNIC,

All the Officeholders tn Brooklyn to Be
Invited to It,

County Register Howe of Brooklyn is pro-
jecting amammoth piento. Yesterday he out-
lined it as follows:

“It's to Include every oflceholder in this
county—washwomen, scrubwomen, porters,
gener, treet cleaners and so on up to the

eads o! departmenta, whether they be Denjo-
crats, Republicans, Gold or Silver men, Prohi-
bittoniata or Popuilats. There will be nothing
political about it, except that it will be a

athering of men and women who hold office
n the community.”

A.SIMONSON

 

   

COPYRIGHTED

to cover part or the entire bead is my specialty

Unremitting care and extended experience In thiy
branch are a guarantee as to the perfection of fit and,
above all, their {llusiveness

TOUPEES for gentlemen who desire to cover par
tlal baldness are a special feature as they are s>
perfectly made as to defy closest Inspection.

BAIR GOODS from the purest white to the gloss
lest black, and only of the highest grade, can always
be found In profuse assortment at this establishment

SPECIAL LIQUID NO. La
eure cure against dandruff.

A. SIMONSON,

933 BROADWAY. 81ST AND 22D STS

 

R MAWAIT. | MINNIE

Long Period of Depression Duc to the Plague |

MAY 22, 1509.

 

SELIGMAN FREE,

| ACTRESS GETS A DIVORCE FROM
ROBERT L, CUTTING.

 

| Decree Granted in St, Louls, Mr, Cutting Of-
| fering No Defence—Ne Was Cut Ont of His
Pather’s Will When Ue Married Miss Selig-
man-We Whipped One of Her Admirers,

St. Lovis, Mo., May 21.--Minale Seligman
Cutting, the actress, secured a decree of divorce
from Robert L. Cutting of New York in Judge
Talty’s court thiamorning. The case went by
default, the bushand failing toappear, Neither
of the parties was present, Mrs, Culting's depo-
sition was read to the Court, as were the deposi-
| tions of Joseph Seligman, brother of the plain-
tiff; Mary A. Drew, travelling companion of
Mrs. Cutting, vied Miss May blart

Because of misconduct on the defendant's
| part, the deposition stated, the husband and

wife had not lived together for six months pre-
| vious to their arrival in St. louis on Sept. t,

1804. Several incidents led up to the final sepa
ration of the couple in this clty in one ot which
Cutting beata mule admirer of his wife ina
restaurant A report has reached here that it
| is the intention of this gentleman to wed the

divorcee, He is said to be in New York.

 

| Mrs. Cutting sald last night that her evid nos
and that of ot her witnesses had been taken in this
' city last Wednesday by former Governor ( harles
| Po Johnson of st. Louis, and that she had not
| expected a decree so soon. She had expected
} to be in St. Louis when the finding of the court
was rendered Sheaccused Mr. Cutting of de-
sertion and jnitidelity.

Miss = Seligman Mr.
Cottine in isg2 at Beach.
The marriage caused) Mr Cutting to
be cut out of his father’s will, Shortly

| married to
| after the marriage Mrs. Cutting starredin “My
'

Monmouth

was

Official Wife’ and insisted that her new hus-
band be her leading man. He was not a suec-
cess, She became a leading lady in stock com-
paniesand then made a tour of the jeading
vaudeville honses of the country. While in St
Louisa, at the head of a stock company in July,
1808, she separated from ber husband. A recon-
effected returned to
soon came back here
Mrs Cutting says, she
came to the eity and met her husband inthe
uptown office of Henry Clews A Co They
outreed toa divores, but Mrs Cutting promised

not to bring suitin this city. Four days later,
While in St Louis, she was served on the stave

with a notice of asuit her husband had brought
| avainst her bere. Her counsel told her that

cilintion was and he
St louls, but

In May, — 1889,

this was merely a strategi: move on Mr. Cute
ting's part to foree her to keep her promise not
| to bring snit in this city, as by his move she
was uncble to fieure here exceptasa defendant.
She promptly brought suit in St. Louis
Mrs. Cutting said last night that when she ree
turned to this elty she was served with papers
‘tn suits brought for various debts that she and
| her husband had contract:d, which she sup-
posed her husband had already paid. She is
now considering an offer for appearance in the
continuons performance houses

ADVENTURES OF A STOLEN VIOLIN.

| Found tn a Mastic Store Fight Years After the
Theft—It's Worth 6500.

Winttestone, L. 1, May 21..-A $600 violin
that was stolen from Oliver Taff, an amateur
musiclan of Whitestone, eight vears ago has
just been recovered It was stolen from
A. Glaser's repair shop at 471 Bowery, Man-
j

hattan, Where it had been left to be overhauled.

One night Glaser was called down-
stairs to get a bogus express parcel
and thieves slipped in and made

off with the instrument. Taff seevred judgment
against Glaserfor the value of it. Glaser ex-
amined every violin he came eeross after that
and at last his iong seareh was rewarded) He
found the stolen violinin John Friecrich'smusie
store at Cooper Union, where it was being re-
paired for J. Bubr, director of the Babr orches-
tra «f 1255 Third avenue, Brooklyn Mr. Bahr
said he had given a violin tor which he paid $160
and $25 to boot for it to G, Fo Moore, his muslo
teacher, of 118 West 104th street, Manha‘tan,
Moore said he bought itfroma man now dead
who livedin Washington street and who wanted
the money to get on the police force. Upon
the advice of Magistrate More it was turned
overto Mr Taff. Bahr has had it four years

RURAL ROAD IMPROVEMENTS.

The State Pays Its First Share of the Expense
Under the Faller Law.

ALBANY, May 21.—The State has been called
upon to pay its first share of the expense of
rural road improvements uncer the law of 1898,
which was enacted to encourage those rural
towns which bad enterprise enough to ratse
their annual road tax in money and spend it on
higiway {mprovements and toabolish the old
“vorking out’ road-tax system

The law provides that the State shall pay 25
wreent.of all sums levied by any town for
Ughways, unless such 25 per cent should ex-
ceed one-tenth of | per cent. of the taxuble
valuation of the town By this method a town
levying @ highway tux of $1,600 received $400
from the State and thus, without extra assess.
ment, would have $2,000 to spend on its roads
ina single year

To pay the 25 percent. for a year State Comp-
troller Morgan lias drawn his warrant for $53,-
807, Which amount was divided among the dif-

| ferent counties as follows: Albany, $1,127;

} Chenango, $717, Dutchess, $205. Franklin, #141;
Greene, $1,128) Madison, $2,235, Oneida, $1,108
Onondaga, $3,220) Orange, $2143 Putnam:
$1,710; Rockland, $3,688, Sulolk, 12,795; Tamip=
Kins, $403; Ulster, $1,100, Westchester, 81,558

VALE'S SOCIETY PROBLEM,

 

 

 

Facalty Tells the Sophomore Fraternities Not
to Take In New Members,

New Haves, Conn, May 21. The Yale Unt-
versity faculty was in session several hours
this afternoon to discuss the controversy over
the sophomore secret societies The result of
the session was the adoption of a resolution
substantially to this effect: That the best in-
terests of the university demand that the
sophomore societies do not take any more
members into their organizations until the
question or reorganization now pending hus
been settled

A copy of the resolution was immediately for-
warded to a leading officer in each of the

sophomore societies to-night and it caused con-
sternation among the society men Meetinas
of the sophomore fraternities were immediately
called and they are in session at this hour to
decide upon what course to pursue

PLAIN BEN FRANKLIN,

Massachusetts Senators Refuse to Put Frills
on a Company's Name.

Boston, May 21 - The Massachusetts Senators
showed to-day that they prefer plain Ben Frank-
lin to Benjamin Franklin and passed to engrosa-
ment the billincorporating the Ben Franklin
Life Insurance Company. Senator Sanderson
of Essex used all of hiss .reasm and some of his
eloquence to cefeat the title o. the come
pany, declaring that the Senote might as well
approve theJack Hancock Company, the Jim
Gils Company or any other concern {in whose
bame Cureapect of the distinguished dead was
written 1e Senators were unsympathetic
however, and, after Senator Lawrence had reac
a letter fromthe {ncorporators, they rejecte
the amendment without a division,

Drugged Baby Fonnd on the Sidewalk,

John E Harper of 714 Fast 143d street, while
going home last night found a month-old boy
baby on the sidewalk in 186th street, near
Brook avenue. A policeman took the child to
Harlem Hospital. There it was said that the
baby was suffering from the effects of some

| drug that had been adininistered to prevent it
from erging, The child was transfered to
| sellevue.

|
!

The Weather,

An area of high pressure covered all the interior of
the country yesterday The pressure was below nor
mol over the New England States and Montana. The
high pressure centre was moving southwestward,
which means warmer weather in the middle Atlantic
and New Evgland States for the next two or three
days.

Falr weather was general save for showers and
thunderstorms in the Gulf States, the Northwest, the
New England States and the nortbern part of the mid
die Atlantic States, It was slightly cooler ti the
Guilt States, betin the other sections it was either
warmer or the change was slight

The winds along the coast were blowing off shore
and generally fresh

In this elty the day was partly cloudy, with showers
and thunderstorms: rainfall,.t1 of an ineh; wind,
southwestand west; average Velocity, 15 miles an
hour; average humidity, 65 per cent; barometer cor-
rected to read to sea levelatS A.M, 20.78, 3 P.M,
20 74.

‘The temperature as recorded by the offctal ther-
mometer, atid also by THE SUN'S (hermometer at the
street level, (s shown In the annexed table

-UMedlals Sun's -—OMelal— Sun's.

1900, 169% 1y0”U 1900, 1609, L800,
OA. M.S? 5a” 48 4P.M, 61° 62° 65°?
12 M....64 61 64° 8PM 57 sue Bue
oP M.54? 6s 65 i12 Mid. 56° 55° $38?

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-

MORKOW,
For New England, eastern New York, eastern
Pennsylvania, New Jersey, the District of © mbdia,
Delaware, Maryland and Virginia, fair today and

Wednesday; moderate temperature; fresh west to north
b winds

 

 

SS ET

ARE YOU PLAGUED
WITH RHEUMATISM,
GOUT, OR SCIATICA?

Because by Removing from the Blood and Tissue
the Excess of the Uric Acid from Which these
Distressing Ailments Arise, ‘ Kutnow’s”
Gives Speedy and Certain Relief.

SAMPLES SENT

FREE.

SAMPLES SENT FREE.

SAMPLES SENT

When from various causes, including an excessive consumption of
alcoholic liquids, animal food or strong teas, coffees, and cocoas, the dk
zestive functions become weak and inactive, uric acid is likely to accue

mulate to excess in the blood and

tissue, and produce certain forms of

gout, rheumatism, or sciatica. In this case, sufferers would be wise to be
more careful in their eating and drinking, and to take more healthy, oute

door exercise.

Many persons, however, have not the inclination nor

ability to do this, and hence they should do the next best thing, and une

dergo a course of Kutnow’s Improved Effervescent Powder.

Nothing

assures a speedier and a more pleasant relief from all uric acid troubles
than the preparation mentioned. Kutnow’s Powder remedies by remove

ing the cause, as it rids the system

of the excessive uric acid deposits,

and, by restoring the stomach, liver, and kidneys to healthy activity,
prevents the further accumulation of these deposits in the blood and tissue,
When taken regularly, Kutnow’s Powder enables sufferers from
Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and all other ailments that result from uris
acid to obtain partial relief if not absolute cure.
Kutnow’s Powder has a particularly beneficial action on the stomach,

liver, and kidneys, cleansing and strengthening these organs to such an
extent that the dyspepsia, constipation, and liver torpor their inactivity

and derangement produces soon disappear.

When these digestive and

assimilative organs have been restored to a proper working condition uric
acid is no longer generated to excess in the system, and the meladies ##

causes give no further trouble.

The use of Kutnow’s Powder will purify your blood, sharpen your

appetite, give renewed strength and
render your body and brain healthy

activity, and in every other respect
and vigorous, It is cheap, palatable,

and portable, and we do not expect anyone to purchase it until they have
tried one of the samples we send free and postpaid to everyone thas

applies. So write for a sample.

WRITE FOR A FREE SAMPLE.

For Seven Days KUTNOW BRO}. (Ltd.) will send a SAMPLE FREE and POSTPAID to every cdult
applicant who fills in the following and forwards it to “Putnow's” office; —

ADDRESS, ....crcccscevecevees
M Sistas

eee ee)

Coe meme meer reer reer Hen eeee 0880088 000 000e®

POO ee eee EEE eee eee ee

Cee eee eee eens ee eens Oe eereereeree ste eneee

SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS, REFUSE SUBSTITUTES: THUY ARE INJURIOUS,

BROS.

KUTNOW

FIRE OFFICIALS CENSURED,

 

Manufactarers’ Association Doesn't Like Way
They Handled Coal Pocket Fire.

Atthe meeting of the Manufacturers’ Asso-
ciation in Brooklyn last night a resolution was
unanimously adopted urging the Rapid Trinsit
Commission to adopt the route proposed for a
tunnel to Brooklyn by the extension of the
Manhattan subway to Whitehall street, thence
by way of Joralemon street, Broolivn, to a
pointnear the Borough Hall, through Fulton
street to Flatbush aveune, with a —terrinnus
near the junction of Platbuss and Atlant
avenues

William McCarroll said that a representative
of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, which
had recently acquired the Long Island Rail-
road, had proposed the erection of an elevated
structure in Atlantic avenne, He said that
that thoroughfare was a disgrace now
would continue to beso until the tracks were
depressed A resolution was ndopted strongly
disapproving of the erection of an elevated
road on Atlantic avenue or any portion of it.

The association also paged resolutions Pe-
garding the handling of the fire at Reynold’s
coal pockets, on Newtown Creek, on April 4

They censured the offlcers of the Fire Depart- |

mentthat directed the movements of the fire-
menon that oecasion, held that they were in-
competent and inefMleient, and ordered the res-
olutions as wellas the testimony taken in the

investigation forwarded to Commissioner Scan- |
nell, Deputy Commissioner Tully and Mayor |

Van Wyck

KANSAS CITY'S BOLD HOTEL THTEP,

Police Looking for a Man Who Registered as
J, W. Fishbeck of Evansville,

Kansas City, Mo, May 21 —-The robber who,

pistol in hand, he!d up and robbed the clerk in

charge of the cigar stand at the Bates Hotel |

last night, while half a dozen men and a watch-

man looked on. has been identified as a man
who registered at the hotel a week agoasd W
Fishbeek of Evansville, Ind. The police are
looking forhim. He had been ejected fron the
hotel for failing to pay his bill of $30

Just before midnight he. entered the hotel
witha big gun. He seared Key Clerk Frank
Kelleher into a tranee, overawed Sherman
Clark, the cigar clerk, bluffed Night Watehman
Merker and vet mode so Jittle fuss that J
Sullivan, the Jefferson City millionaire, and Col,
FW. Fleming of the National Guard, who were
in the lobby, were not disturbed, and Fishbeck

got awny with $250 in gold and silver, $100 in |

checks and $1,200 in jewelry. Gus Moser, the
sroprietor of the cigar stand, runs a weekly
boo raffle of jewelry whieh explains the amount
on hand. Fishbeck had a saddle horse at the
door on which he made his escape

FRITZ MEYER PUT TO DEATH.

Dies in the Electric Chatr for the Murder of
Policeman Smith.

S1NG Stno, N. Y., May 21.--Fritz Mever, who

shot and killed Policeman Frederick Smith

while escaping arrest, was put to death in the |
07 o'cloek |

electric chalr at Sing Sing Prison at
this morning, He madenoseene and walked tu
the chair without faltering. ‘The current was
turned on almost before he had finished saying
good-by to Father Bander, his spiritual adviser,
and 1,400 volts were sent through his body.
Meyer received two additional shocks before he
was declared deid He murdered Polfceman
Smithon Get 26, 1897, in the Roman Catholic
Church of the Holy Redeemer in East Third
street, New York, when he was caugbt in the
act of robbing poor boxes

 

[A FERNANDINA

and |

(Ltd.), 853 Bro:dway, New Vork City.

ee
WILTTAM KIRKPATRICK'S WILL,

Some Interesting Bequests for the Benefit of
| the City of Syracuse,

Syracuse, Mav a. William Kirkpatrick, one
| of the oldest residents of Svracuse, who died @
| few days ago, left by his will, which was sube
| mitted for probate to-day, anumber of intere
esting public des a handsome
legacy to the First Ward Presbyterian Church,
r his mother for twenty
ts as follows

bequests, Be-

 

in whose chi sang
vears, he dtres

“That my executors shall erect or cause te
be erected jn Wao-hington Park, in the Firat
} ward (where Twas born) of the city of Syrae
cuse, a memorial fountain to represent and
symbolize the Onondaga Indvins discovering
to the white men tho salt sprinws, as related in
the historical narrative of the relations of the
Jesuits, and later by the historian Parkman,
| 1 do this to perpetuate the memory of my
father, the late Dr. William Kirkpatrick, and
his long relations with the early of the
Onondaga salt springs

“The city of Svracuse having honored our
farnily name in naming one of the streets of
| said city Kirkpatrick street, I hereby qathorise

my exeentors toerest two fountains in’ Unioea
I pleee, where sald Kirkpatrick street is intere
sected by North Salina street”

 

histor

For the Washington Park fountain it fs proe
| vided that 12,00) shali be expended, with
1 $2.00) and $1,000, respectively, for the Union
place fonntains, Mr ivirknatric leaves his

residuary estate, whieh is quite sulicient, to
| the Ononoawa Historical oS tv for the
erection of a fireproof building suitable for
} meeting purp and the housing of ite

  

valuable museuni

ENGLISHTOWN HIT WARD BY FIRE,

Other Buildings.
J, May 21.—The business cene
village near here, wag

Freevonp, N

|

|

|

|

| Blaze Destroys the Post Office and Several
| tre of

Englishtown, a

wiped out by fire early this morning. The fire
| wos discovered on the main floor of hT. Reid's
| general grocery store in which the Post OMlee
is located, The place has no regular fire dee
| partment and there was no way to cheek the
|

flames, which spread rapidly to the block of

stores and dwellings adjoinins The drug
store of Charles Pitteneer, the general ¢rocery
} store of William BK. Mount, the shirt factory of

} \ V. Dey, the barber shop and residence o
} Joseph Trontman and the dweliing of Wo J,
| Conover, together with three barns in the rear,
} were burned. The total loss is estitnated at
$75,000. The mail matter at the Post Office was
saved, but 1,009 stamped envelopes and 2,000
strc ved

 

postal cards were de

CALLED OUT TO BE KILLED,

Maloney Was Shot Dead After a Guarrel With
| Two Negroes,
Thomas Maloney of 718hefleldstreet, Newark,
| who landed in this country from Ireland less
than a year ago, was shot dead at 2 o'clock yes
| terday by a negro nearasaloon in highth avee

 

   

 

nue near Shefleld street. He was called out of
the saloon to b lied, and the excuse Was that
i he hadstolen a hat from one of two negroes
} who awaited him A quarrel ensied 1 Mae
| Joney was shot twice. He diedinan ambulance

on the way to the City Hospital ths iurderer

{3 at large

 

mae Bol

CLEAR HAVANA CIGAR

La Fernandina is the MOST
ING brand on the market.

POPULAR and BEST SELL-

Its price is a guarantee of its being made for the select

trade.

Id to gentlemen appreciating a cigar made of the

finest grade of clear Havana tobacco,
All leading cigar stores and hotels.

According to size, 1O- 4 5-2Q0-26c,
IMICHAELIS & LINDEMAN 459 Broadway N.Y.)

BERNARD STAHL & CO.,

 

Makers. DISTRIBUTOR S.B3