BASEBALL WORLD.

THEIR FIRST
PITTSBURGS,

N THE

vs

ROOK LY!
" GAME FROM
at Last, Beating the Cincin-
Seven Straight Defeats St.
Step Into

Down the Bostons and

Loew et Division Philadelphias Win Also,
“* hamplon Brooklyns continued the good
= ; : has characterized their Western trip
mT siring thelr first game of the sen-
; The Phila-

TAKE
THE

in
w Yorks W
ot on After

‘ yca
oo far by «i iran vesterday

the pittsh ,
ne 1 close game from the Chicagos,
delphias 's menmade no gainon the heavy-

na Hanlon
pitting Quakers
Bostons another rap
rh the Pirtsbures

The St Louls team gave the
and the vietory, coupled
defeat, puts them in the

bbe eiaion again, at thesame time shoving
ky City | ida into the jast section After
the yt defeats the New Yorks won their

Geet ame of the Western trip, They defeated
first ” fed ; atts by the close score of 4 to Sand
ae age a them to craw! a bit further
a last } which ia still held by the
Somes, 1 have not won since

hies

  

   

 

 

   

Bostons. The Braneaters
they left the Fast The re ts
Brooklyn, 7) Pitrsbur®, »
New York, 4 Cine ati, 4
Philadelphia, 2; Chicago. 1
St. 1 s, 11, Boston, 2
IHF rRCORD
ler = Per
Clubs won. Cent 4 J. ( oe
ponaces ot ) 1013) 485
Bene ts 716 (304
Sls. td 516 1288
s:

BROOKLYN, 7) PITTSBURG, 5
pitmspina, May 2h Hanlon’s Champions
bid - ye trouble with their pitchers at tf pd
rhe wate, but thanks to the good hitting o
heeler ind dennings and a timely triple by
Beley wou by dl margin, though they
rnlaved the Pirates in all departiients of The
game. Dunn irted to do the twirling, but
Hire retiring two Pirates and giving a base on
balls int eecond inning his arm suddenly
i 4 side helped MeGinnity Was
t o othe game and bis four bases

n the third with his drop
s throw to himat. first base, let
rescore three runs. The Pirates gave
ble ortto Leever. Jenniogs singled

   
  

 

 

  

   

  

 

in the ing, was advane d two bases by
a wild Vanda passed ball and scored on
Danie: 1, which followed Kelley's base on
ballsand putthe captain om thir 1 Ritchey's
dropot Zimmer's throw when Dahlen started
to ste et Kelley in, Keeler’s triple, Jen-
ning 's double, errors by ¢ larke and Wilidars
aid a flveout cored two more in the fifth
Cross reacued ie pate in the eighth on bisown |
f puis {bai and MeGiire s hit, Singles |
t Jennisags and Kelley's: triple
6 nthe ninth and won the game
T
BROOKLYN
Kl POA E LPO ae |
Re r fl 5 Jones, ¢ rit 8 Os
pane +416 0 ®a2e6o0}
\ Bae A432 1 07
Wagner rt , oH 0 11200
, sf Se 2 2
iit 2 1 2 3 +s et 8
Fiy on 2 ¢ >. 8 46
. a a a $0
ers 640 & 1008 0
eo Ariet »> oO 0 »>OoO. 4 1
{ s , oer t 1 t s ‘
*Hotted ¢ ver t ninth fr Jones |
out nitt |
Pe : ) sO 100 0 1-5 |
I n ) $00 % 27}
Stole se oole lw e hit Tennings (2): |
Wag arke hree base hits Keeler, Kelley |
Double plays~Ritebey, Fly and Cooley, Dahlen, De
Bon’ ar Jenning DeMont and Jenn Str ck |
Ot By ver, 3. by MeGinnits birst base on balls |
Of Le 2; off Dunn, 1 ff Metiinnity, 4. Wild |
iches—Leever, MeGinnity. Hit by piteher—-Ziminer
Bis ed balls. Zimmer, 2 Umpire thirst. Time
Zhouts and ty minutes. Attendance — 4,200

CINCINNATI, 3

CINCINNATI, May 21. -It was a patched up
team that Buck Fwing pitted against the
apparantly rejuvenated Reds to-day, but it
happened that Doheny was in bis old time |
form and he sadly fooled the Red-legged |
siuggers, and but for his buses on balls would |
have shutthem out, Alihough he gave eight |

NEW YORK, 4

 

 

“)
passes to first he always mannged to pull hime |
bel! together atthe proper time Doyle was |
out of the game witha lame shoulder, the re-
silt of a collision with MeGraw, and sa Grady
tried his hand at first. Hiekiman tried to solve

   
 

 

 

 
 

 

 
   
 
 
 
    

  

         

   

 

the third base problem, and Mercer covered
right. The combination worked very. well and
Grady made the only error a maffof an assist
New York jumped onto Hahn's delivery ino the
first inning and knocked out enough runs to
win right there. The score
CINCINNATI NEW YORK
H. IPO A. Rk, HPO. ALE
rderf 10 08 0 1 Vn itnef 1 1 1 0 0
ef oO 1 2 0 © Gleason, 2 3 $8 O
Bexley. db 2 O10 0 O Selbach 210 04
Smib. |! 9 22 8 Davis ‘2 & 0
Coreoran.ss 2 102 6) 0 tirads 3% 4%
t 0 0 1 0 0 Mercer 1100
» 0 & 8 O Hie'man, St 10 40
oO 0 § 8 © Bow'rm o6 2 0
0 0 0 2 6 Doheny, PpEPaS
oo0o08 = “ae
09000 Totals 4927171
Totals 3 32714 1
*Wood beted for Peltz and Crawford batted for |
Baho int iinning |
New York 4000060100 04
Cinelnnat! 1001000 4 Og]
Two hase Selbach Three base hit—Darvis |
Btolen vases Mercer, Von Haltr Sacritice hits - |
Beckley, Steinfeldt. Double plays—Davis, Gleason
and (rads reoran. Stelnfeldt and Beckley. Struec |
out=By Hahr by Doheny. 5. First base on balls —
Of Hann. 1 Doheny, Passed ball-- Bowerman
First base on error -Cineinnatt Left on bases —
Cincinnati, 7 New York 3. Umpire—Emsiie At
Wendance—15
PHILADELPHIA, 2; CHICAGO, 1, |
CHICAGO, May 2 Wig Delehanty could do |
rvin's benders this afternoon. He |
r times but neverreached frst. Three
e struck out Neverthetess Philadelphia won

 

PHILADELPHIA CHICAGO

 

R. HW. POLA, PB R.H. PO. A. B.

Thomas, cf 1 38 0 OChilds, 2b..0 0 2 86 8
Biagie. It 0 1 1 0 Mertes, ef o200080
11) 0 | Ryan, tf ou 204

2 8 tt 2000

> 8 O OGangel. to..0 F341 8 f

24 1 OBradiey,3b 0 0 8 2 0

1 0 2 3 M’Corm’k. ss) 0 3 2 0

) 1 6 © Donahue.c 0 0 6 2 UO

oo 2 Garvin, p .o 8 0 20

62714 2 Totals.....1 62714 &
690000 00 3 O— 2

»0 0 100 0 O Om }

Thomas (2); Slagie, Lajoie, Filek

tes, MeCarthy. Sacrifice hit—Brad

t-Tajote, First base on halls Off

4. Hit by plteher-Cross, Struck

  
 

 

 

 

 

bY Garvin, 4. Lefton bases—Phila
Nieago, 6 First base on errors hila
¢ t nag Double play =MeCormick and
anze moplre—Swartwood lime-2 hour J
Rndayce 4h mur mS
ST LOIS, 11; BOSTON, 2
St Loris Mav 21. The Cardinals took the
rst game of the series from the Beaneuters
to-day Lewis pitched three innings for the |
Als, Dut ua the honie team secured nine hits |

  

Qnd six mins, Se
Made no differenc
bim free,

substituted Bailey, bur it
as the Cardinals swatted
Powell pitched an excellent game,

 

  

 

  
  
  
 

 

 

 

  

 

   

the visitors being unable to guuge bis delivery
The score :
OUTS LOSTON
s HPO.AR KH POA P
gece w 21 0 0 Mamiltonef to 2 100 6
oe , 1 0 OColling ss. 0 9 4 2°00
nl 2 ) Ib.o 0 § OO
eure rb 4 0 i 0222320
aliace.ss 2 38 4°93 ab 11023 !
Pecan ,Jb3 1 8 0 0 Freeman, £0 0 2 00
eister b 3 23 5 0 Lowe 3b 031400
§ ger 2 9 ‘ arke, ¢ a: 2:26
swe 0 2 0 $8 | Lewis p Soo + 6
. - « Halley ( '
Toe. it soap ig OMMFP--2 OO AY
Totals, 2 62419 i|
$eitews owt
0 0000 43 2
Three base hits -Powell,
n Hit {teher— MeGann
Keister, Wallace and MeGann,
Of Lewis, 3: off Powell, 2: off
Dont Criger. Passed
y Powell, 2; by Batley,
sraw, Burkett, Doniin, Keister
mplre—O' Day lime of game
ates, Attendance—2, 100, |
oat 7 |
Atlantic League.
AT WIT KPS-BARRI
Wilkes. Rape 1 x, Fn
Athenee a 93 21 17 21 0
gnletic Oo 1008 4 18 3
eng x anid Messett, Mahaffey, Whit |
READING
Rk, HE
' 2— 2 & 3}
1} ¢ 1 3 0 vse
"hind Fox: Stimmel and MeManus,
TK and Jersey City Rain
New York State League
At Binghamton. pat
Al Albay Mibany. 1. tte
aa < buee mic’
Ow sego. 11, Cortland, 20,
American League.
AL Butta 8, 7: Buttato. 6
¢ Nanapolis. % Milwaukee, 4
1 City. 4. Cleveland, 3
ne Connecticut State Teague.
, reyor Derby, 4
At 3 iry; 7; New London, 8
ew} e Meriden, 2,
Interstate League,
At Pew .
ANC w Mansfeld, 7
AW, : rt Wayne, 10,
AUT, s'eyton, 2.

, *. New Castle, 6.

 
  
 
 
 
 

Eastern League.

At Rochester-—Hocheater, 7; Springfeld, 6.
At Syracuse—Providence, 4; Syracuse, 7.
At Toronto Toronto, 12; Hartford, 9

Al Montreal Wet @rounds.

Other Games,
HARVARD, 0

 

PENNSYLVANIA, 5

PHILADELPHIA May 21.-Harvard outplayed
Pennsylvania to day and won, Pennsylvania's errors
were those of omission rather thas commission, Har
vard started herrun getting in the fist inning on
hendall'ssingleand Keld's home run over the right
field fenes, In the second Wend:ll reached first on
Shape's fumble. Devens hit) for two bases. Still

man singled, seortng Weadell and Devens came
home on Loughiin's fly to White Pennsylvanta
seored one run in the fifth and another in

the siath In the seventh Pennsylvania ted the seore,
scoring three runson singles by Collfer, Share and

THE SUN

  
  

—

 

G NOW A FACTOR,

THE CANDLEMAS COLT WINS LIKE
A STAYER AT MORRIS PARK,

    

 

STANDIN

 

 

He Heats Older Horses Cleverly at Handicap
Weights and Fintshes Outa Trial for the
Belmont — Spencer Scores With Firearm
and Unmasked Four Favorites in Front,

The weather gods frowned énd smiled by

turns on the racing at Morris Park yesterday,

buton the whole behaved much better than re-
cently. Littlein the form of ideal sport was
suggested by the card, but the regulars came
up without a gap in their ranks for another
tussle with the bookmakers. It was @ profita-

 

Jones, Plevell’s two-bage@er and errors by Devens

and Clarke Harvard, however, drew away inthe | ble outing for the plungera, as four favor-
eighth. scoring fourruns on three hits, one of whtel | ites pulled through The tracks were
was a pop, which wasallowed to fall safe back of short. | after the recent
Iwo batsmen were hit and one was sent to base on in fairly good shape 1

balls. St!!iman wes taken outin the elgbth after be
hod sentthe frstinnn upto first on baila. Kernan
was substituted and nota bit was made off him. The
score

HARVARD PENNSYLVANIA

heavy rains, but trainers were not inclined to
take chances, and the blue pencil cut an origi-

nally weak card to pieces
The programine opened with @ two-horse race

RK EWPO.A. KB R. HPO A. BE.
Loughlin, ef 0 2 0 1 Colller, 2b) 2 4 2 4 0 | down the Eclipse course in which “‘irearm, at
Bengal mY 1) 2 8 LaeGe, ef. Y ; ; ? y 1 to 4, galloped away from Lady Lindsey,
teld, ¢ 4 0 Shape, 4s a , hs
Finke. 2h 0 0 2 4 04 level ¢. 2 1 48 1 | Scurry was selected as best of the two-year-olds
Wende 4 3 1 3 i tibvemee 0 i 7 0 > in the second event, but the good thing proved
Wendell rf 39200 1 1 Gawthrop.ef.o ) Sadi hala . i
Hevann Yo oat tit os Hrown, 8b 0 0 1 8 0} tobs Tonienum from the Walden stable Mit-
Coolidge, 88.1 2 0 2 0 White, If 0 0 1 0 ©] ehell took the son of Silver Fox to
Stilime 12.3 1 0 Laytor oo 0 40
Kerban. pr ovo 1 eo ee — — — —| the front at once, and, hustling him along
a Totals 512°2617 2) totheend, wonall out byalengthand a half
Tits 219
Totals O112712 4 from Quiz second, who raced through in tine
Stiliman out for interference, to beat Goddess of Night a length Scurry,
Harvard 220001 0 4 0-97) Rijignaire and Velasquez finished almost in
edad an ooo odd 8 0 O89 | tine with the third horse Favonlus was tipped

Two base bits - Devens, Canlidge,Gawthrop, Flavell,

  

Home run Heid Sacrifice hit-Reid, Lefton bases—
Harvard, © Pennsylvania, & Struck out-By Sull
man, #&: by Laynon, 4. Stolen bases—Wendell, Still
neo, Colller, First base on balls Off Stillman, 4;
of Layton, 3. First) base on. errors Harvard, 1;
Pennsylvinta, 1. Hit by pitehed ball--Dy Layton, 4.
Passed ball Plavell. (mpire-—Smith. Time 2 hours

and 4) minutes
At St. Albans, Vt. -Guban Giants, 16; St Albans,’6.

Baseball Games To-day.

NATIONAL LEAGUF AND AMERICAN ASSOCIATION,

Hrooklyn at Pittsbure, New York at Cineinnatt,
Boston at St: Louls, Pailodelphia at Chicago.

VASTERN LEAGUE
Springfield at Syracuse, Providence at Rochester.
ATLANTIC LEAGUE.
Jersey City at Scranton, Elmira at Newar':, Allen-
town at Reading, Wilkes-Barre at Philadelphia

OTHER GAMES

Trinity College vs Georgetown, at Hartford.

Adelphi Academy vs, Pratt Institute, at Adelphi
Field
Schedale of the Brooklyn Amateur Baseball

Assoctation,

Ata meeting of delegates representing the Resolute
Club, lay Ridge A. C. and National A. C., the
Brooklyn Amateur Baseball Assoctation was reorgan-
ized yesterday afternoon. Owing to the absence of

4s a4 good investment in the maiden race for
three-year-olds and upward while The Cham-
ber'ain also had a confident following The
pair finished as played, Favonius winning
cleverly by two lengths ,
The fourth event on the card resolved itself
into a triangular contest in which the con-
tenders were plaved as they finished — Magnift-
cent made a good attempt to duplicate the
runaway victory of his stablemate, Firearm,
but Unmasked got to himin the home stretch
and the Domino gelding outran the Rayon
d'Orcolt tothe wire Old Kriss Kringle was
the medium for a strong plunge in the fifth
race, a selling event for three-year-olds and p=
ward,over the Withers mile Kriss openedateven
money, but receded to 13 to Loowing toa steady
play on Rare Perfume and Precursor. For the
second time during the day the talent slipped
up, but all concerned got a rin for their
money. Bon Jour showed in front fora fur-
long, When. Kriss Kringle smothered hin and
turned for home withta half length lead, Rare
Perfume joined isane with the Springbok horse
inthe stretch and a desperate drive ensued.
Mitchell's enal effort on the favorite was rather
weak and Shaw landed Kare Perfume in front
by a nose

Although only four horses turned out for the
handicap at one mile and a furlong, the event
attracted general attention, as one of the eandi-
dates was the three-year-old, Standing, a Bel-
mont possibility. The youngster carried a lot
of money and justified the judgment of the
lungers by winning from flagfall to finish.

felegates fro soctat! I
ar car — > “ aces pyr beget The result looked dubious in the stretch, as
deterred. The siaoeatlon will open {ts championship Slack seemed unable to keep the loose-galted
season text Saturday afternoon, The full sehedule | 80n of Candlemas straight, but Standing was so
follows much the best atthe weights that he won by

May 26, Resolute va. Natlonaland St. Paul vs, Bay

 

 

Ridge, 4), St Paul ea. Resolute and National vs
Bay Ridge June 2, Resolute vs Bay Nidgs do Na
timalys St. P 0, St. Paul vs, Bay Ridge and
National vs. Resolute; 16, National vs. Boy Ridge

National vs. St Penl
Reso

25,

40, National vs.

and Resolute vs St. Paul
and Resolute va May Ridge

  

three lengths and then worked out the Belmont
distance. Brisk beat Knicht of the Garter a
neck for the place. The riding honors of the
day went to Spencer, who piloted both Firearm
Phe summary:

FIRST RACK

and Unmasked

 

luteand St Pautys. Bay Ridge: July 4, St. Paul vs Handleap for three yearolds and upward; by sub
Hesolute and Bay Ridge vs. National; 7. Bay | seription of $5 each, to the wint with 8600 added
Ridge vs. Resolute and St. Paul vs, National; | of which $100 to second and $50 to third: Leiipse
14, Resolute vs, National, and Bay Ridge vs. St | course ;

Paul: 2), St Paul vs Resolute, and National vs. J. BKeden's b. g. Pirearm, 8, by Rayon d@'Or-
Bay Ridge. 28, Resolute ts) Bay Ridge, and Na Fides, 120 (Spencer),

tonal vs. St. Paul; Aug. 4. Bay Ridge vs. St. Paul, James McLaughlin's bom. Lady Lindsey, 4, 98
and Resolute vs, National; 11, Boy Ridge vs, Na Slack 2

18, National vs
25, St Paul

thonal, and Resolute vs, St. Paul
St. Paul, and Heasolute va. Bay Ridge
vs. Bay Ridge, and Resolute vs. National; Sept

National vs. Bay Ridge. and Resolute vs. St Paul
3 Resolute vs. May Ridge, and 8S’. Paul vs. Nationa

  

Baseball Notes

CHICAGO, May 21.—President Hart todey an-
nounced that he had released Pitcher Cogan ontright
Minneapolis cf the American League wanted him,
but he refused to play with a m!nor league team

The Marquette Club of Brooklyn has next Sunday
open and would like to hear from some good team
offering a reasonable guarantee. Address Thomas

 

 

 

 

 

    

 
 
  
 

only other defeat this season was atthe hands of th
Riverview Academy nine, wh n from them several
weeksaga The Irving Institute team would now
Nke to play a game withthe Riverviow boys and would
Iike,to hear from them at once so that arrangements
can be made for the game whieh will practically b

for the championship of the Hudson River district

ATHLETICS

 

   

 

 

York Schoolboys Win Intercity Games
—Manson Performs Cleveriys.

New

The second annual imtercity interscholastie
cames were held at Berkeley Oval vesterday af-
The weather conditions were unfavor-
able and not more than 200 persons were
present. Both the New York and Long
Island associations were represented by their
star performers, but the sprinkling of rain that
fell every few moments marred the sport. When

terncon

the points were completed it was found that
New York had carried off the honors with 112 to
6ifor Tong Island Cutler carried off the
school honors with 45 points

The individual work of T
was the best ever seen at the oval in schoolboy
He was first in three events, and would

‘ard hurdle race but a pro-

L.. Manson, Cutler,

games
have won the 2%
test was lodged against him on the ground of
not having entered at the proper time Veteran

athletes present declared that he is the making
of a second Voardinan, for in style and stride

 

he is almo-t a counterpart of Yale's crack

sprinter, He equalled the 100yard record for
seniors, and lowered the 440-yard mark His
time in the former was 108-5 seconds, and

b seconds, 11-5 seconds
betrer than the record, Four other intercity
records were broken and one equalled,
whieh was excellant work considering the poor
condition of the track. A. MeDonnell clipped
two-fifths ofasecond from the 100-yard dash
covering the distance tn 10 4-5
seconds. The high jump record was broken by
(;. Victor, by 244 inches. H. Connelly put the
shot 41 feet 7 inches, lowering the record 1 foot
and 7inehes. The mark of 124 feet 11% inches
in the hammer throw was knocked higher than
akite, A. B. Hunt scoring 139 feet 2inchea, The
record in the running broad jump was equalled
by il

in the latter 3!

 

for juniors

Suinmaries follow
TRACK EVENTS

One third ofa Mile Bleycle Race—Final heat—Won
R. tr. Strange, Columbia
Polbemus, Jr,

©. Tatel

by Le Roy See, Berkelr
Grammar, second, HG
R. 1. Hurry, Cutler, fourth — Time, 42
199- Yard Dash, Senlor- Final beat yon by T. I.
kK. M. Thompson, Adeiphi Acid
H. Reeves, St. Paul's, third; kK. W.
Poor, Cutles, fourth Time, 194 5 seconds
100-Yard Dash, Juntor--Final heat
MeDonnell, Columbia Grammar: A. Carroll, Cutler,
second: H. MeNulty, Hrasmus Halil, third, S. Wakely,
“Poly Prep. fourth. Time, 10 4-5 seconds.
450 Yard Rup—Won. by A meqene,
S. B
Institute,

Culler, third;
5 seconds.

 

 

Manson, Cutler
emy second, W

won by A.

Dwight;
Hunt, St. Paul's,

C Fosdtek, Cutler, secon
fourth.

third; W. White, Pratt
2 minutes 20 2-5 seconds.

120-Yard Hurdle Race—Final heat won by FB. Bell,
Jr., Cutler; H. Roberts, “Poly Prep," second; J. P
Dubney, Cutler, third; S. M.
Time, 18 1-5 seconds

One Mile Bleycle Race—Final beat won by LeRoy
See, Herkeley HG. Polhemus, Jr, Cutler, second;
HR. G. Strange, Columbia Grammar, third; A. Salls-
bury, “Poly Prep, fourth, Time, 3 minutes 16 4-5
seconds.

34° Yard Run—Won by T. L. Manson, Cutler, C. EB
White, Prett. second, J. weeler, We LaSalle Institute,
fourth Time, 54 seconds.

220 Yard Dash, Sentor—Final heat won by T. L.
Manson, Cutler W. Barle. Barnard, second, C. F
White, Pratt, third. H.W. Reeves, St. Paul's, fourto.
Time, 24 1-5 seconds

220-Yard Dash, Juntor—Final
MeDonnell, Columbla Grammar
mus Hali, seeond; A
sare, Berkeley, fourth

a9

Time,

Day, Pratt, fourth,

beat won by A.
H. MeNuly, Fras-
Carroll, Cutler, third. KH. Bas
Time, 25 4.5 seconds
@ Yard Hurdle Race Filial heat won by H. Robd-
erts, “Poly Prep:’' D. Moore, Columbla Grammar,
second, J. Thorpe, De LaSalle, third: W
“Poly Prep, fourth, Time, 29 4-5 seeonds
One Mile Run— Won by A. MacKenzie, Dwight; P.
A_Crandall, Pratt, third
Time, 5 minutes 6 sec

Jones,

Patterson, Dwight, second
WoL. White, Pratt, fourth,
onds.

FIELD EVENTS
Won by
tand C
1 tied for second; A. Wilson,
Barth Hetght, 5 feet Oe Inches,

G
M

Victor, Cutler;
Bishop. Adel-
Colum bla
Lor

Running High Jump
CZ ebisehe. “Poly Prep
phi Ac der
Grammar,
b see won second place on the Jump-off j

Putting the }2-pound Shot Won by H. Connelly,
De LaSalle; S B. Hunt St Paul's, second: J. Miller,
“Poly Prep. third: BE. Flammer, Columbla Gram
mar, fourth, Distance, 41 feet 7 Inches i :

Pole Vanit 1). Starr, St. Paul's; F
Whitaker P. Nash, Pratt, third; K
WwW Distance, 9 feet 5 inches.

Throwing the 12 pound Hammer--Won by S. BK.
Hunt, St. Paul's; H. Connelly, De LaSalle, second;
K Flammer, Columbla Grammar, third; A, C. Kelly,
Erasmus Hall, fourth. Distance, 139 feet 2 inches.

Running Broad Jump-Won by H, 0. Tafel, Eras-
mus Hall: J. Keeler, De La Salle, second, E. Bell, Jr,
Distance, 20

'
|

Won by C
Barnard, second
Nutting, Pratt, fourth

G. Vietor, Cutler, fourth

Cutler, thied,;
feet Sig inehes

One Third of a Mile Bteyele Race, Columbia vs,
Prineeton Won by KB. Ripley. Princeton; J. Hhodes,
Coluribla, seeond; DS. Hudson, Columbia, third

 

Time, | minut: 6 seconds
cme Mile ilevcle Hace, Columb'a va Princeton—
we

\ipley, Prine ton, €
minutes

third

*

“

on by BF Hay, Columbia,
re Leelee, c y

& seconds

The points scored by the schools were

Cutler, 48:C jumbla Grammar 22, St. Paul's, 14; |

limbla ime,

  

 

Poly Prep., 15!4, De La Salle, 15; Dwight 13, Pratt
Institute, }3: Erasmus Hall, 11; Berkeley, 11; Bar
nard 6: Adeiplil Academy, 54

‘Association Totals—New York; 112; Long Island,
62

 

  

Time, 112%,
Retting—Four to 1 on Firearm, 7 #0 2 against Lady
Lindsey

SFCOND RACE
for two year-olds; by subseription of $5
each, tothe winner with $550 added, of which $75 to
second and $59 to third: aQowances; last four and a
half furiongs of the Feiipse course
RK W. Walden & Sons’ ch ce Tonteum, by Silver
Fox -Toneque, 104 Mitehell

C. T. Patterson & Co.'s br ¢ Quiz IL, 04) Lyne
FE. A Tipton’s bf Goddessof Night, 94 Ranch: 3
Scurry. Billlonatre, Ada Beatrice, Ondurdis, Luek,
Valasjuez and Connie also ran

Tine, 0 o4
Betting--Five to | against Tonteum, 15 to 1 Quiz

Selling

 

 

1
2
a

 

¥. Frey, Mabe: FSC FOR Svekeh Rreeeye IL, 10 to 1 Goddess of Night, 5 ty 2 Scurry, 1060 1
At Sing Sing yesterday afternoon the Irving Insth- | Hijiionalre, 200 t0 1 Ada Beatrice, 7 to 2 Gndurals,
tute nine of Tarrytown defeated the crack Holbrook | @to1 Luck, 25 tol Valasjueg, 10 to} Conute
Academy am ina close and exciting @ame by 4 , A
score of Vto 7. ‘The latter team lias been considered THIRD RACF
} the bestef the iTudson River school teams and thetr For maiden three yearolds and ‘pward, by sub

seription of $5 each, to the winner, with $550 added
of which $75 to second and $59 to third. t» carry lio
pounds, last six anda halffurlones of the Withers
mile

T. & E. Littiefield’sb. bh Favonius, 4, by King

 

h

   

   
  

like -Favonia > Lattlenetd 1
P. Lorillard’s b. ¢. The Chamberlain, 3, 110 (Maher) 2
W. Cahill's b. & Seales, 8, 107 Odom . 4

Lancewood, Sanitary, Heautiful and Lady Stock
ton also ran.

Time, 1.233

Bettin Sis to 5 against Favontus, 11 to5 The

Chamb Aa fH to 1 Seales, 1% 101 Lancewood, 20 to

1 Sanitary, 10 tol Meautiful, 40 t0 1 Lady Stoek
ton

FOURTH RACE

scription of $5 eacn
of whien $125 to sec
ds below the seale: nor
last seven furlone®s of the Withers mile

   

104
7 pound

JOH. & FL P, Keene's br. g. Unmasked, be Domino

-Mere Hill, 194 Spencer 1
J. Boden's eh, ¢, Magnificent, 114 Jenkins 4
F. RK. & T. Hitebeork's b. ¢ Asquith, 109 (Turners 3

 
  

1:20

Betting —Stx toS ag t Unmasked, 11 to 5 Mag

nificent, 13 tod Asy
FIFTH RACE

  

Selitng, for three year olds and upward, non win
nera of $1,500; by subscription of $8 each, to the
winner. with $700 added, of which $ to second

 

y to third. allowances, the Withers mile
br. h. Rare Perfume, 4 by

and $ '
J. Underwood & Co's

 

  

His Highness or Ludwig-Farly Blossom

Shaw 1
Colt & Littauer’s b. @. Kriss Kringle, 5, 116

Mitchel! eee 2
F. M. Taylor's bo ¢ Precursor, 3, v1 (Slack), 3

Kon Jour, bulfoon and Matt Simpson also ran.
Time, 1.423
Betting~ Four to} against Rare Perfume, 15 to 10
Kriss Kringle 4tol Preeursor, § to 2 Bon Jour, 5
to 1) Buffoon, 100 to 1 Matt Simpson,
SIXTH RACE

cap for three year lds
subseription of $4 each to the winner
which $200 to second, and $1) » third, o
anda furlong over the Withers course
KH. Roche's eh. ¢. Standing, 5, by Candl+mas

Lioness, 9%
W. L. Oliver's ch Brisv, awed, 104
P. S. P. Randolph's b. h. Knight of the Garter, 4,

108 Maher

King Barleycorn also ran

Time, 1.87,

Betting Nine to 5 against Standing S$ tol [risk,

Sto) Knight of the Garter, 7to 2 King Barleycorn

The programme for to-morrow follows

and upwards

Handi
with gi,.6

  
  

 

 

The
Slack 1

 

O'Connor

First Race—Selling: last seven furlongs of the
Withers mile
Lindula 105 ! Dolando eyes . 93
Bangor ° veel O04 | Fonsolee oxen ee
Bon Jour 108 Buffoon 92
Exit 103) Judge Caldwell a7
Rinaldo oS Elste Skip Aa

Second Race Fortwo year vlds: last five furlongs

of the Felipse course

King Pepper 115 | *Redeck 108
Malden 132.) *Hallyhoo Boy 108
Lembiin 112 | "Golden Age 108
¢Prince Charles 108) Handwork 108

*Green B. Morris's entry *Whitney entry.

Third Race For maiden two year olds; last five
furlongs of the Kelipse course
*Golden Age... 197) Maximus. 107
Carl Kohler. 107 | *Haliyhoo Hoy 107
Movay 107) Countess Pepper,.....104
Prince Charles 107 | Water Plant .. 4104
Reau Gallant 107) Georgia Gardner Tes.
*Bedeck 107 | Flora . 104
Glade Run, 147) Empressof Beauty 104

*Morris'sentry. *Wilitney entry

Fourth Race-—The Porantic) Handicap for three-
rearolds, one mile and & sixteenth over the hill

{issionary 118 = Gonfalon 107
Contestor 110 Toddy .-$03
Advance Guard 110) Lindemere 100

Fifth Race The Amateur Cup, a highwetgbt sell
ing race for three year-olds and upward, to be ridden
by non professional riders, the Withers mile

Ronk nkoma. 184 First Whip 135
George Keene 146 Post Haste 31
Tilane 146) Carbuncle 126
Emigre 145
Sixth Race--Handteap; the Withers mile

Voter : 13 Brisk +1 0F
Queen of Song 15) Lady Lindsey 102
Half Time 0 Radford ow
Latson 107) Danforth ‘7

The Winners at Lakeside,
CHICAGO, May 21.—The racing at Lakeside yes
terday was mariced by close finishes, In three of the

races the first three horses finished so close that only
the Judges conid separate them Garry Herrman

   

pa

won sain, making nis fifth consecutive race here.

Summearirs

 

 

First Race—Four furlongs-Janowood, 96 (New
com), 20 'o 1, won, Teany Belle, 109 1K. Narvaez, 2
to 1, second; Cenara, 107 (Cross), 3 to 3, third
Thine, 50%

Second Hace-One mile Jim MeCleevy, 102 (RK.
Narvaez', even, wi Major Marser, 85 (Weir), 5 tol,
second; Kosavannah, 101 (L. Hose), 6 to 1, third
Time, 1.44

Phird Kace~ Six furlongs—Emma R, 99 (Flick), 10
to 1, won, Golden Hattle, tol iL. How), 7 tod,
seonnd innovator (Bergen), 7 to 1, third. Time,

ale,

Fourth Race One mile—Orimar, 106 (Filnt), 9 to
§, won, Walkenshaw, 106 KR. Narvaeg:, 5 to 1, second:
Prince Blazes, 103 Bradford), 8 tol, third Time,
143%

Fifth Race-Five furlongs- Garry Herrman, 107
(T. Katgbt). 1 to 2. won Dentzulu, 110 (FMek), 2 to}.
ven GQ Wattus, eT Millers, tuted, third. Time, |

Sixth Race-—One mile and » sigteenth Bright |
Nignt, 110 (Miller, 3) to 1) won; Woodtrler, 106
R. Narvaen 6 tod. seeond: Hiue Lick 116 (Cay

Wood), even, third Tine, 150%,

Opening Day at Newport,
CINCINNATI, May 2!,—Six good events marked the
opening day offthe Queen Clty Jockey Club's spring
meeting at Newnort, Iv The crowd was the largest

 

, TUESDAY,

of any opening day in years, and the seven books in
the betting shed had all they could do to attend to
the custom, Summaries

First Race—Six furlon@s—Georgie, 104 (Van
Camp), 6 to 1, won: Eberhart, 160 Mason), 15 tot
second; Foneda, 100 (Harshber®er), even, third.
Time, 1:15

Seeond Hace—Five furlongs—Syncopated Sandy,
104 (Herting), 2 tol, won; Drogheda, 107 (Britton),

even, second, Pleador, 197 (J. Perkins), 24 to 1
third, Time, 1.04%

Third Hace Seven furlongs—Strathitgbt, 104
(Mason), §to 8, won: Aurea, 100 (Gilmore), 4 to 5,
second, Zonne, 100 (Harshberger), 5 w 1, third
Time, 1.50,

Fourth Race—One mile-Juneatta, 00 (Harsh

berger), 12 to 1, won; bitbolip, 108 (illmore), 24 to

1 second: Tragedy, 111 (VanDusen), even third,
Time, 1.42%
Fifth Hace—Four and a half furlongs--Erema,

 

312 (Mason, 7 to 10, won; Bean, 105 (Wedder
strand), iA to S second; Florist Queen, 195 (Cassidy),
40 to 1, third, Time, 0:57.

Sixth Kace—One mile and an eighth—Virgle 0,
106 (Gilmore), 8 to 5, won; Fanny Taylor, 192
(Wedderstrand), 13 to 5, second: George B. Cox, 105
(Mason), 18 to 1, third. Time, 1:56

How They Fintshed at St, Louts.

Str. Lovuts, May 21.—Anunusually large week day
crowd turned out to the races this afternoon, notwith-
standing the inconventence experienced in getting out
the course, The track wasin first class condition
and wather deli: htful. Algol’s exhibition tn the
fourth event was a disappointment, finishing third
I. Maher took John F. Sehorr’s recent purcnase
Skiliman, out of the last race for $000, Summary

First Race—Sia firlongs - Jake Weber, 100 (W.

Jean), % to 1, won; Dr. Cave, 112 (Hiukey), & to
1,*seeond: Harry Yorum, 112 (Rowe), 80 tol, third.
‘Time, 1:15

Second

%
Hace -One mile and 20 yards — Jim
Conway, 108 (Stevens), 50 to 1,’ won;

Roshfields,

110 (Hinkey), 4 to 1, second; Cathedral, 107 (Vit
toe) 6 to 5, third, Time; 140,
Third Race Six anda half furlongs~ Harrie Floyd.

107
107

97 (J. Matthews, @ to 5, won: La Mascota
(Vititoe), 10 to 1, second; Aunte Onfleld,
(Crowhurst), 5 to 1, third. Time, 1.22%

Fourth Race-One mile and a ¢txteenth—Found,
AS (Dominick), & to 2, won; Sam Phillips, 103,
(Burns), 9 to 2, second: Algol, 100 (Vitatoe), even,
third Time, 146%.

Fifth Race-—Six furlongs—Lord Neville, 98 (Domi-
nhek), & to 1, won, Verity, 106 (Crowharst), 7 to 5,
second: Tulla Fonso, 108 (Matthews), @ to 5, third
Time 1:14

Sixth Race-One mile and 70 yards—Russell R,
AK (Dominick), 3 to 2, won; Skillman, 108) (T
HKurns), 7 to 10, second: Stdtilla, v0 (Morse), 30 to 1,
third. Time, 1:16'>

sd

State Racing Commission,

ALBANY, May 21.—Gov. Roosevelt has reap-
polnted August Belmont and Edwin D. Morgan
of New York city and John Sanford of Am-
sterdam as members of the State Racing Com-
mission. Thea; pointments are for a term of
five years,

 

SPEEDY CARYLE CARNE.

Col. F, N. Lawrence's New Trotter Outfoots
Cobwebs on the Speedway.

The snecession of showers which ewept over
upper New York yesterdayfafternoon bad theef-
fect of keeping nearly.all roid riders away from
Speedway Park. The few who wereout early
found it necessary to seek shelter two or three
tines, and there were more trottera under the

sheds at Durando’s than on the road. Latein
the day Nathan Straus and Co). F. N. Lawrence

turned into the approach from 155th street, the
former driving Cobwebs, 2.12, and the latter his
new read horse, Carvle Carne, 211% Together
the two road riders jogged their crack trotters
northward toward the speeding ground above
Washington Bridge, starting them up at half
speed In a sort of warming-up spin on thelower
section,

Tust bevond the bend Cobwebs and Carne
suddenly wheeled about and in the twinkling
ofan the best brush of the season was on,
The big chestnut horse got away with the agil-
ity of aj ony pacer, and before they were fairly
under way he had puta length of daylight be-
tween him and his wre rival, Mr. Straus
leaned forward in his wagon and drove Cob-
webs right from the start, while Col Lawrence
appeared to be letting Caryle Carne set the pace
tosnithimself The bigh-headed gray trotter
from Oregon set tt faster and faster ashe got
into his stroke, and before the end of the stone
wall was reached, three furlongs from the start,
his nose was ona line with Cobwebs’s tall Mr
Straus reached for his whip and sent it swish-
ing through the air over the back of the hard-
trving trotter, but without touching him. Cob-
webs let out another link, vet the gallant gray
borse kept gaining on him

Down near the foot of the hill they were neck
and neck Cobwebs with his head down ona
line with his withers and his ears laid flat back,
and Carne with head up andears playing back
und forth. The contest grew so close and ex-
citing that Col Lawrence let out a “Hi boy!”

 

  

atthetopof his _voloe just aa they struck the
rising ground. From there to within a few
vards of the bridge both horses and both

drivers were doing their level best, Cobwebs
and lis owner to stall off defeat, and Carne and
Col. Lawrence to overthrow the ‘King of the
Speedway From the rear the gray horse
looked like the winner. His driver thougit he
won by alength, but Mr. Straus maintained
that the brush ended {in a draw, with the horses
on even terms atthe end. H.D. Mia and one
or two others who happened to be close at hand
as the horses dashed up the hill to the bridge
awarded the victory to the gray by a half a
levathormore. All hands agreed that it was
one of the best contests ever seen on the Speed-
wav

No sooner was it ended than Mr Straus sang
out. “Let'stry itoveragain. I think my horse
will do better now that he's warmed up.”

"No Mr Straus, replied Col Lawrence. “My
horse is big and softand he has had eno igh for
to-day. I'm ready to try it over again any
other day, but not this afternoon.”

The owner of Cobwebs liter tried to start him
withthe fast gray trotting mare E)mira, by
Wilkes Boy. But the mare made a double
brealt at the start and Cobwebs was so full of
gothathe took the bit in his teeth and {naisted
on gene itaione. The outeomeof yesterday's
brush between Cobwebs and Caryle Carne will
probably be to let th: gray horse nto the brush
with Lucile, 2004, on June 5 forthe charnpion-
khip of the Speedway,

 

A Speedway for the Road Horse Association
of New Jersey,

Bioomrrenp, May 21.- The Road Horse Asso-
ciation of New Jersey has received permission
to make aspeedway of Newark avenue, which
rins to Belley Apart of theavenueis in
Belleville and the association, according to
Town Counsel Perry, will only have to get the

consent of the property owners as the avenue,
sv faras Belleville is concerned, never has been
accepted by the township. One yearago the
avenue was the main road to Newurk and used
by the old Newark and Bloomfield Horse «ar
Company.

 

 

Parkway Driving Clab's Matinee Will Be on
Thursday.

Chairman Frederick C. Lemmermann of the Execu
tive Committee of the Parkway Driving Club of
Brooklyn has announced that the eighth annual
opening of the spring matinée of the Parkway Drty

ing Club which Saturday's storm caused to be post
yned, Would be held on next Thursday afternoon
his date Was chosen so as not to conflict with the

Brooklyn Joekey Club's opening on Saturday

 

Tarf Notes.

LEXINGTON, May 21.—The valuable race mare
Halo owned by Frank R. Hitchcock of New York
had been stolen from the farm of Dr FM. Norwood
here, Halo ts by St Blatse, dam Ida K, and valuable
as & brood mare.

POLO.

Rockaway Beats Lakewood for the Country
(ab Cups,

The closing match in the annual tournament
of the Country Club of Westchester wound up
veaterday with the final for the Country Club
cup between the winners of the games last
week The line-up and han licaps

Rockaway—W. A. Hazard, 3; Rene La Montagaie,
Jr, 4: F. S Conover, Jr, 6; T. W. Brooks, 2. Total,

5
’ Lakewood —George J. Gould 8, Seward Cary, 5;
R. J. Collier, 4, P. P. Collier, 3, Total, 16

It was an open. free galloping match, yet the
men played their positions better than in any
ot the earlier contests, and, as the handicaps
made it virtually aseratch match, the onlook-
ers were well pleased with the dash and vim of
the players. Tt cannot be said, however, that
this tournament bas Grveienee any poloist of
class good enouvh for a@ championship The
aumimary showed that Rockaway won & and
Lakewood goals, Fach team lost %& goal
through afonl aid a safety, making the tinal
score Rockaway 7 ¢ to Lakewood 6 ,

The Paris Chess Tournament.

Special Cable Despatch to THe Sus
Pants, May 21.—The third round of the Inter-
national Chess Masters’ tournament, played to-
day, resulted as follows. Marco beat Brody,
Marocezy teat Sterling, Schlechter beat Tachi-
gorin, Mortimer and Mason drew, Burn beat
Hosen, Showalter beat Didier, Janowski beat
Marshall, Lasker beat Mieses and Pillsbury had

abye

Here follows the record up to date

Won, Lost)

Won. Lost
0 4 2 j

Micses

 

Brody | 2 i
Burn 3 0 | Mortimer 0 2
Didier 0 3 | Pillsbury 1g %&%
Janowsiky..... 3 0 | Rosen ss 1 2
Lasker. sooor @ © | Schlechter. 1 1
Marco .2 1 | Showalter .... ig \%
Maroety........ 3 0 | Sterling ee 3
Marsnhall....... 1 1 | Tsebigorin..... @ 2
Mason........ 0 21

| BROWN’S TASK J

|

= SSS SS sh ses SS =

| aT Rp We a

MAY 22, 1900.

WHEELS TWENTY CONSECUTIVE CEN-
TURIES IN 225 HOURS 6 168 MINUTES,

Me Is Tired After the Grent Feat, but Other
wise Is in Fine Condition — Gains One
Pound tn Weight Has Thirty Hours of
Rain and Three Days of Extreme Heat,

At 0.06% o'clock Inst night there stepped off a
wheelata hotel in Valley Stream a tall and

slender man who had completed a ride of 2,000

tiles in 225 houra and 6'4 minutes, or a
little less than nine days and a half

In the annals of long distance cycle riding or
other feats of endurance there is nothing that
compares with the performance, and the fact
that Will H. Brown, who completed = the
task, waa in 1897 suffering from hemorrhages
and was diagnosed by several physicians as
a victim of consumption, makes the ride more
wonderful. Brown needed no help to dismount
and walked ‘o his training quarters. He
acted like a man who was tired, but behaved
with the quiet dignity and conservative
good nature that is characteristic of him. He
had not much to say, but a smile of self-satis-
faction overspread his face as he alighted
When asked how he felt, he said

“All right; better than I did inst vear after
riding 1,000 iniles "’

His only complaint was sore feet. He was
bathed, rubbed down, fed and put to bed. It
was not planned to have him = sleep jony,
though only three or four — hours lest
he should stiffen too much in his muscles
or maybe suffer a reactionin the nerves and
ciroulatory system. To-day will be spent by
him in a series of naps, several hours long, with
food and exercise afoot and awhe-l between

tleeps,
Brown's condition when he finished was
phenomenal. No stranger seeing him and

being told what he had accomplished would be
able to believe tt on the evidences furnished
by the appearance of the man, His eyes
were as clear a boy's, with no
traces of redness or swelling; his face was not
drawn nor pinched out of its normal expres-

as

sion and his complexion was clear and
ruddy. Only when he walked was there
an evidence of the great weariness

that he felt. He limped a little and at times
lurched with the unsteadiness of a child thatis
learning to toddle He weighed 153 pounds,
which is one pound more than when he
started. His lowest weight during the ride
was 145 pounds. He was examined by a
Brooklyn physician, who pronounced = his
eeneral condition good, His pulae was 60, his
temperature 98 and Lis respiration 18. In
reply to questions by a reporter of THE Sin
the physician «aid it war his opinion that
brow! would net suffer any lasting injury asa
resuitot bis ride. He said that Brown has a
splendid stomach and a strong heart action,
‘The last twenty-five miles of the 2,000 was
ridden in 2 hours i‘ minutes

While Brown was in fine shape it was other-
wise with his fellow members of the Century
Road Club, who had helped to perform the ride
by pacing, rubbing and nursing him, The pacing
friends. were in fa state of almost jtotal
collapse and Charles Mock, who was Brown's

trainer and manager, was abed in a
room ot the hotel and under a doc-
tor's constant care Mock collapsed
first on Saturday night, but kept going

from early Sunday morning until shordy after
1o'clock yesterday afternoon Then he was
seized witha chilland the physician who was
called said he had a severe malarial attack,
The pacemakers who werk abed or sprawled
out on chairs were suffering irom pedalling at
the fast clip demanded by Brown

The last dav of the ride was acquiet one for
Brown, so far as a crowd and excitement went,
but it was far from a pleasant one, for the

 

same rains that kept the erowd away
were chilling to the body and made the going
very bard, Jn his Inst 250 miles, through
showers and sunshine, Brown was aceom-
panied by Miss Margaret (ast who

Is a century euthusiast with aspirations for
greater performances than those of other
women, Sunday night, like that of Saturday,
wasa hardone tor Brown because of drowsiness
lie had no great desire to lie downin the day-
time, but at night the pacemakers complained
that he was prone to fall asleep while riding,
and that they had to keep rousing him by
shouts and boisterous talking In consequence
he gota couple of hours’ sleep that was not
scheduled

Owing to the bad weather Brown was far be-
hind his schedule at the end of his ride, He set
out to complete oo century everv nine
bours, = whieh vould have made him
finish Saturday midnight. The cireum-
stance oof his time being so much
slower does not, however, alter the fact that
his ride establishes new reeords tor every loo
miles from 1,100 to 2,000, In all, Brown tra-
velled through more than thirty hours of rainy
weather, after enduring three days of record-
breaking heat. Another eondition that added
to his labors was that of the road being in proc-
esa of repair by the sorinkhing upon itof loose
sandundioam When he didride, though, it was,
except during a night rain, at @ pace varying

 

 

on

 

from ftiiteen to twenty mies: an hour,
nsuaily hearer the latter figure than
the former, and this is what wore
out) a dozen pacemnkers After he had

completed 3,025 miles at noon vesterday Brown
went across to the grocery store opposite his
hotel, and stepping on the scales found that he
weigned 147°, pounds, a decrease of fourand a

half pounds sinee he started on. last Satur-
day noon He then sat down to a
light meal of bread and tea and

strawberries, It was noticeable vesterday that
his appetite, which has been ravenous through-
out, Was on the wane. When this was
mentioned, Brown: said ves it was en, and
it was because he was feeling sleepier
than at any previous stage, He did not ad-
here strictly to the vegetarian diet on which he
started, but during the past few days indulged
n broths and soups and once, when a reporter
of THE Sts talked with him, he consumed a
chieken and elght slices of milk toast

When he started cut for his 1,05mile lap {t
beganto rain before he had covered the six
miles to Springfield and back, he
stopped at his quarters before going to
Freeport and rigged up in rubber boote,
overalls, a long oilskin cont with the corners
pinned up and a slouch hat with the erown
standing straight up and the run curling into a
dozen fantastic shapes, lle was as grotesjuea
sight as ever was seen wheeling over the Mer-
rick road) Whilehesat on the wheel with one
foot on the piazza a bystander remarked

“More nice weather for you, Bill!’

“Yes, lam agreat disturber of the weather,”
wastheareply. “IT am the Long Island rain-
maker.”

Well, vonv'e had everything except snow,”
enid the speaker

“But, answered Brown, “I'm not much shy
ofthat, for I passed through a haiistorin at
Hempsted on Saturday I have ridden a larice
part of this trip on Jand and more than a little
ofiton water” Tshould nave hada boat a lot
of the time

Cyclists who have followed the sport and
studied it for vears agree that) Browm'
performance far excels any of the six-day
rides on an indoor track, or the Land's
End to John o'Groat’s rides of Platt-Betts,
or any other evcling test ever made
The © disadvantages of the wrades on
the road, adverse winds, heavy surface, heat,
cold, rain and mud make the steady grind of

so

 

 

the men on Aa smooth board — track
seem almost trifling by comparison and
not if the same class as a piece

of sportsmanship and pluck and endurance
The craze for this sort of long distance exploits
awheel beganin the fall of 1s8@8, but did not
amountto mueh until last summer It was
started among the enthusiasts of the Century
Zoad Cub of which Brown isamember as wellas

of the Nassan Wheelme It began by riaers
doing double and triple centuries and ao on, un-
til several aspired to tremendous feats Under
the rules of the Century Road Cluba double
century of 200 mies must be made within
twenty-four bours, and ino roultiple centuries

beyond that distance twelve hours is allowed
for each additional 100 miles. Brown's ride
was undertaken under these terms acd he was
cheeked in accordance with the rules of the
club. These conditions give to him 2:0 hours
for his 2,000 © jles, so that he finished well within
the time and is entitled to the only twenty-bar
medal ever issued by the ©. R. ¢

The course was from a hotel at Valley Stream

  

to Springfield and back, six miles, then
over the triangle formed by he road
to Lynbrook, Freeport, Hernpstead and
Lynbrook, nineteen miles This has
been surveved = by elty engineers and

n certifierte of the distances filed with the ¢
RC At Hempstead ac. RC. man with anoMeial
stamp checked every lap and the pacemakers

    
 

foreach inp signed a book after completing the |

twenty-five miles. The pacing men and the
watchers were ¢ k. ( members, ame
bitious for records and fealous of
their club name They would be the
first ones to make a fuss if a

lap ora partof alap was tnis-ed The reasi-
dents along the course have been interested
watchers and any lapse on the part of the rider
would have been quickly noted and nowed
about, These were among the conditions that

 

Che Curf.

MORRIS PARK RACES

WESTCHEST&H, N.Y

13th Day, Tuesday, May 22d,

The Pocantico Handicap, the Amatear Cap
gentlemen riders) and four other races,
MUSIC BY LANDER
Take 24 av. “L' to Willis av,, thence by Special
Trains w Morris Park.

FIRST RACE, 2:39 P. M FIELD, $0 CENTS,

§ FINISHED, |

 

    
   

   

   

made the authenticity of the performance in-
ubitavle

During the ride Brown was off his wheel 69
| hou‘s and 1 minute, of whieh time 22 hoursand
15 minutes were spentinsleeping. Brown is 30
years old, and stands 5 feet 1Oinches tall, He
| was born‘in Kalamazoo, Mich, His father and
four brothers died of consumption, andin the
summer of 107 he was said to be dying. He
began cycling In October, isv7, after having
been obliged to give up a good clerical position
Hie is unmarried, but is engaged to a
Brooklyn — girl He had no agreement
for remuneration for the ride, but had
expectations — of yrofiting from it A
geet artof the eredit for lis condition prop.

vy belongs to Charlies Mock, who is a
long distance rider and # man of judse
ment, He save that after a oman has
been out of bed for three nighta he
is then whatatrainer makes him. During all
the ride Brown did not have a cramp, He rode
two twenty-five pound chainless wheels, one
eared to80, the other to 06, and never had
more than ordinary rubber grips on the handle
bars, His sore feet were caused by the wet |
sand fiving into his low shoes |

Among the club men who hefped Brown by |
pacing at various times were

re. W. Diltz, Otte Dan and Ctto
triplet; George and Tom Hail, on a
and Mrs. C.q@H. Brush, on a@ tandem; C. P. |
Stanbach, Harry Goodman, John Simpson, F. |
Hrennan, Jr, S. 1. Stuart, H. PP. Jewell, |
CW. Jewell, Wilson Higinson, Mike ShrK
Mart ldolan, Charles Mock. Join A. Walsh, Emil
Kundldch, Theodore Seebach, Will Erath, Harry
Early, Gus Ealoff, Max Weivhold, Osear Teztmeyve.,
Miss Margaret Gast, Mrs. B. RR. Bayne, Mrs. Jane
Lindsay and Mra. May Smith

The record for each century is as follows

 

MountVernon
Pure Rye

It commands the high-
est price of any whiskey
in bottles and is mainly
used by people who
want the best and are

able to pay the price.

Heehtold, on a
tandem, Mr

With this class it has

a larger consumption
than any other brand.

i. oM nu. OM
First oem ot Fle venth 1h
Seeond 12°37) 3 Twelfth 115 A?
Third. 22045 Thirteenth 180 55
Fourth. 31 148 Fourteenth 147 52
Fifth 89°10) Fifteenth 162 24
Sixth Stood.) Sixteenth 180 12
Seventh 00 40 Seventeenth 14) 34
Eighth 72 04 Fi ghteenth lvoe 06
Ninto AH 20 Nineteenth 213 50
Tenth 06 55) Twentleth 225 Of,

Handler Gets the Verdict.

Jack Downey, the Brooklyn lightweight, who
has met the best in bis class with success, met
with another reverse at the Sampsou A.C, in
Brooklyn last night. It was the second show
which the club has pulled off since it
has been organized and quite a crowd
was present, Downey faced Joe Handler of
Newark, a brother of the well-known Jimmy
Handler. Downey and Handler met for twenty
rounds at 135 pounds. Froin fhe very begin-
ning Handier had matters his own way and
easily got the referee's decision. Handler, who
Is quite young, gave promise of developing into
a good fighter He gave Jack a fieres drubbing
and Downey had all he eouid do to stay the
limit |
The opening bout was between Frank Colyer |
of Brookivn and Charley Peaker of Newark
They were to have met for ten rounds at eateh-
Weights Colyer began to slug at once. He was
a hard hitter, and inthe third he swung the
right on Colyer's jaw and put bis man to sleep
The second bout, also limited toten rounds, Was
equally as brief. “Buck Far.ey of Brooklyn,
met Charley MeNally of Providence, at 122
pounds, Farley caught: MeNally in

Buy the distillery bottling In these
tles with distiller’s certi-
‘Ty and original condition

on each but
the solar as ee
plexus inthe third round and Charley was un-

able to respond and was counted out

It always has the preference for
medicinal purposes.

TueCOOK & BERNHEIMERCO.

NEW YORK CITY

Williams Strengthens Her Kight to the
Champlonship, |
Boston, May 21.) The New England inter- |
collegiate two-mile bicvele race, which was to |
have been held on jast Saturday at Charles

 

 

 

River Park, but had to be postponed until —_——— . pL]
to-day on account of rain, was won by R Sportsman's Goods,

Murray of Technology, with B. L. Weels of ee
Williams a close second, and H. E Brown

of Brown third Sixteen men competed

in the event, which was decided in two

reliminary heats and a final In. the

rst heat three of the riders becaine mixed ip
and were thrown, but no serious injuries re-
suited. Murray lowered the former intercol-
legiate twoemile record of 5 minutes 17%
onds to 4 minutes 844-5 seconds, with James I
Moran, theamateur champion, pacing After
the races were finished Murray started behind
amotor tofurtheriowerthe record Herode so
fa-t that the timers fl@ured on 3 minutes 30 see-
onds for the two miles, but when the nders
tumed into the home stretch a chain on the
motor brokeand the Tech’ man got a bad fail
He jumped to his feet unassisted and after
mounting his whee! sprinted forthe tape, finis! -
ingin4minutes 17 2-5 seconds, a phenomenal
percormence The three points gained for Wil-
jams cleariy established her right to the track
and flela championship of the association, while
Murray's tive points moves Technology from
sixth into fifth place

-f © Ate

   

 

  

  

FOR THE
Business Man

whose time is money; for the
physician, to whom a quick start
and rapid transit are often matters
of life and death; for light mer-
chandise delivery, requiring
promptness and economy; for
health and pleasure see kers—
for all of those the electric auto-
mobi'e is invaluable.

 

 

Champion Indian Lacrosie Team of Canada
Here.

Twelve Indians, led by a stalwart chief, whose
rank were designated by a bunch of tall, wav-
ing feathers in his head, and all decoratedsome-
what after the manner of the Wild West show,

attracted a great deal of attention atthe Grand
Central station yesterday morning and quickly
gathered a following of small Jboys upon
emerging into Forty-second street Ihev were
the champion Indian lacrosse team of Canada
and are jiere on their wav to play the Harvard
University team on next Thursday afternoon
They stopped at Geneva on Saturday and
played the Hobart College ieain a couple of
gumes, beating them in the forenoon by a score
of Sto Oandin the alternoon by @ score of 7 to
1. This afternoon they will play the Stevens
Institute team and on Wednesday they
leave by the Fall River boat for Boston

The team is made up of representatives of the
Caynea, Oneida, Onondaga, Tuscaroras, Mo-
hawk and Seneea tribes from the Six Nations’
reservation at Grand River, near Brantford,
Ont, and under the leadeiship of Chiet
Gibson, who has been a_noted lacrosse player
for thirty-three years. Negotiations have been
opened tor a game between the Indians and
Corne!| University team at Ithaca, on June 1

rll, Loses Her Mast.

is

James Baird's new sloop yacht Hussar II,
built by Tom Webher of New Rochelle and to

be raced in the Si-foot class, was tried
onSunday. Mr. Kairdand a party of friends
were on board and the yacht sailed about off
Larchmont. During the afternoon a mishap
occurred, A part of the rigging gave way and
the mast broke just below the hounds. The
yacht was towed back to New Rochelle by
the cutter Queen Mab and laterin the day was
taken to Webber's yard for repairs

 

Safe, clean, economical. Free from
noise and vibration. Call and
have a practical demonstration of
their worth.

 

18 models to select from.

American Bicycle Company,

New York Salesroom, 943 8th Ave,

Sportsman's Goods,

WILL H.

BROWN’S

record riding on a

SPALDING

Bevel Gear

CHAINLESS

Bicycle

Waverley Factory, Indianapolis, Ind.

 

  

5D,Q00 Oo yates tines, 3c, Poe,

each JAN DORF, 23 Baretay st.

 

Tiovses, Carriages, &e.

has demonstrated its superiority
for use on all kinds of roads, in all
sorts of weather.

 

Flandrau & Co.

CARRIAGE BUILDERS,

372, 374, 336 BROOME ST.
Tusteast of Brondway. 2d, 3d and 6th Av. lo
4th Av. electric at Grand St

    
   
    
   
  
  
  
  

CANOEING,

THE SPORTSMAN'S FAD, ”

nas d
pa }

  

THIS SEASON, TOWN CARRIAGES

Of every in Paneled and Open, Half T

MORRIS 17-FOOT CANOES, S40. | vr ic iern ‘carey ESE Tame
DRIVING VEHICLES

RUSHTON CANOES, $27.50 T0 $110. Vor Single, Pair, Tandem, and Four in-Hand

SUBURBAN CARRIAGES
Road. or Sporting Work: for Sin

| Every one who cares for an outing is) |
buying canoes this ent OF losing halt | Pate ui ti and Four in Hand, ineluding Bas ei
the enjoyment to which he is entitled, nd Paneled Veliteles of Every Pattern

Do you know that you could not have | Forming the Largest and Most Comprehensive
| made to order camping and canoeing Stock In Amerten, of the Highest Quality.
| rounds that would excel those offered | PUNY \ EHICLES, 244 WHEELS, PANELED ®&
New Yorkers by the lower Hudson? BASKET, PAINTED & NATURAL WOOD.

Call and get a free map showing them.

THE H. & 0. FOLSOM ARMS CO.,

314 BROADWAY, N, ¥. CITY,

 

 

 

Some Second Hand, Nearly All Styles.
—_—_—————_—_—_—_—_——— ay

Hatchineon of Princeton Will Race at Intere
collegiate Meet,

It was learned Jast night that Hutchinson,
kK hurdler of Princeton, will compete in
} thar te wanes here on
! Saturday Hatebinson is also a good baseball
| playerand covers third base for the ‘Varsity

           
        

the ery

  

*‘ntin the interoe! jouw

 

an nine. ‘Tue latter is schedeled to meet Harverd

FISTINGS. PLEASURE BOATS, CANOB 5, on Saturday Great pressure wie brought to
YACHT TENDERS, ETC. STORE FU: 1. bear to get him to pias with the bail team. The
OF BOATS AT 20 CORTLANDT ST. track managers, however, insisted on having
his services in the hurdle events, and it was

 

only last night, itis said, that the Atiletic Come
mittee of the university decided to have Huteh>
| inson take part in the intercolleiate games,

Hen uires & Son