= rw

 
  

 

DY TIE YEW YORK STAGE,

HIN SURVIVORS
nur AND T Un
aia PHL DRAMATIC SEASON,
. Done bast Sight to Hegin the
aa aaah at Spring at) New Work
ae . Worth the Money Revival of

theatres

oid comedy The Vandeville Syndicate.
an

 

 

 

 

 

   
    

 

a i" jv kills off the serious

7 fol the theatrical season before
pay to tl that are jovial A
it pF ‘ yor stuge Inst night,
° wed tive the seven preces
t . f proviolis Weells Were se late
hold ind Wine, whieh had
1 neved to the Academy olf
i . ich Olan Nethersele will
a j re oat Wallack’s) “Que
er religious speetiee at the New
ag 1 \ Jennies at the Criterion

4's i ' at theGarrick., The
™ : fan andmusic were “A Rune
7 ‘ it ta indthe “Casino Girl’ at
she (

r runners, W nin Gillette
Pry la ‘ iekett, gave evidence for the
adn ratong race I
had | rofthese aetor
aiuent j Wl and t Neither could be
ut | ide) for physical synimetry
The ‘ 4 sid reflections inaeyndrical

ve “et Bit they Nay 4 wood
, en her narrow lerusths, aud they
d to lessen them heieht They are
all ecu a ionable theatres with
kinds 1 « formerly relegated to houses
c \ » and less prefentions in taste
os ~' and ‘She Pride of lennica’
ane 7 is of the Bowery brand, though
hativanl do widely in eharacter, and their twoe
dollar 3 perity due about as much
to and \ a to merit Both would
have nevitably in Broadway if they
had been sustained by favorite stars,
eree panies, lavish mountings and aue
thoritat wniiat ‘nit Mr Gillette is an
at rit il) in the midst of activity,
an inperturba gentleman among
roe ve -, Whom he defeats
wit ts and with deeds Mr. Haekeut
js ent fahter against hateful assassins,
and vist of his wrist he sends bi< sword
oie hep, Dkea Cook skewer reed birds

r It would be easy toridicule “Sherlock

 

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
     

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

yd The Pride of Jennieo™ as mock
! stremes. But they are very diverting,
{ weenned a great vosue with the best
ofour people Who go to theatres,

Alt gh theend of the theatrical season has
beer rT d yminaliy, elahteen of our plays
houses are stillopne Atthe American the fare-
wel, week Was started withan excellent revival
of “I Tr re whieh was received with exe
coptiona enthusiasm This was deserved, for
t idm ble throughout Grace
Golde perso ted Leonora, was in fine
. a ung and acted her part with
wits ramiat Lhe sume Was

| t un vocally, but
e wa Fi terested in some persons
in the front row of the theatre to pa
! tention te vetin Vanni Mary
Linck and Harry bLuckstone wer iso notice.
ably geod hanes nd Count di Luna, VU
Ir ' \ be repeated Wednesday atter-
n wht » Castie Sq company
\ ‘ wr thie st timein “Da Traviata,”
" divide the rest of the week witl
“Fa Soturday night a special farewell
b eativer

1 ex fortnight at the Grand Opera

H i . th Wilie Collier, a comedian
‘ s Lewis, in “Mr Smooth,’ a
wh ge parkinee is called straight,

fi an amusing pleee of nonsense with a

( u irasitsS hero. The Star gave strenu-

coos melodrama in ''The Devil's Mine

esterday's shift of specialists and sketch

' ers in the continuous shows was a right-
about, and th neoming lot were of a good av-
erage as to ability A langhable dramatic
sketeh at Proctor’s Twenty-third Street em-
I ed Georgian Gardner, and the leacing spe
( swere Harrigan’s juggling, Lillie West-
f instrnmentatism and Elsie’s imitations
Violin soles trom: Della Roees, asketeh tor Carrie
Grabam,and an inning for Macart’s trained dogs
were conspicuousiy placed at Proctor’s Fifth
Avenue, where Kathryn Osterman was seen
Ina brief farce The Farrells, the Quigleys,
Kitty Mitchell and A pa Wilkes were some of
tho-eatth> Palace Edeson and Bure were
- enina famiiar farce at Keith's, Bunothand
Rudd, Conteld and Carleton and the Danis
com ina infor spectalties. Watson and Hutete
{nes Artie H and Tonv Pastor were names
tha’ ntedat Pastor's. At Koster &Bial'smusie
hall there was a pole Ww Variety performance
dy American srecial The Dewey had its
youl mivture of female burlesque show and
var performance Anew ba 1 of motion
petures wont into service at the Eden Musée as
osid e tothe wax work

Yee ord twe perfor! es oar the Mure
r {the appreciation of them by the
we ‘ trothat theatre were a credit to
4 1 Didier eas The play was Dr. Golde
‘ edy of “She Stoops to Conquer”
The peor ogo habitually to the Murray
Hill appre » good stege iiterature quite as

O)as Brondwav asserblages do, although

miyoniva quarter asimueh for the enter-

t nt Compositions by Pinero, Jones,

Bela ind (i » have received as intelli-

c 1 here as when fiest produced in

! plavlous s A reasonably
r f nation of “As You Like dt’ bad |
' Por company's or dipinto the
She Stoops to Conquer
efor their (rst attemnotinoeld
ry ' 1 ' tried either. f the famous
Hiv " they would bave suffered by
a c ! tr ' vere t idg '
1 ‘ reve » oj renn Ute
ha \ _—
he . mization by the standards
4 | f er “ce, but itean hardly be s voided
at i may be given admirably
tes but f {wanting when measured by the
Mrs. Drew The man who undertakes Bob |
ely found not to Le a Joseph
le ‘ snotso with the characters
\ sues sto Conquer, which has been re-

‘ { r of Int indthen with little
y The last time it was sh 1 Was |

nt 1 Oj veage Julia Mart was

' j

wid ing Nate ta ral'r,
the “aid that she lacked the o'd- |
ca- i edecundimanner ‘This wos generally
tes ie t > Murray Kill It would be
site G idays to gather a company

A x $ the requirements Grace

ers I wt Vera Hardeostie cane nenr-

i e owas handsome in the

na- } vderad ‘ ind stately gowns of the last
to : t Sie is Comieal, too, as the dame
De dil { roinisehieyous and half-witted
at; ’ » nthispart Walter Allen was more than
n 9 ir jor With the time for the
m= ; d , ential thoroughly to charac
“nonin, his would beeome an
of nineh ornis James
Aa, e Hered as amusing in the role
int and St 1 ssiranwely di-anpointing
ed, et recon r nity the se in “Ohver

f ' \

red i'ds sty rey as the aut he showed
Ae hy ’ wf ¥ Lumpkin shouid be plaved
oer . f , eemed to he rather at sea

n ' This clever jetress ippar-
1 ke , Ine deup her mind whether the

‘ reftends to bea barmaid to win her

rw far lor emotional Ine

: "A Kuonaway Girl,”
* ‘ ro both tires Ralph Stoart

; ' s oof une Mur

| ‘
Hee die performanee was

Rae N hatot Thomas Coleman's ae

he ; talw nder, the divinity of
! wit veritieed bis
in P : t ~ one of Hard- |
rs," ; servants, and made the |
<i f the day The scene |
rv gentleman tries
na r wy ! sheste sd { \
er, ra play over a hundred .
hat ”
the ' oh
nae f , \ shas watched Sarch Bernhardt
led S nees of “TL 'Aigion’’ in Parts,
Pre : Tis reasonably explained, withany in-
y of A « the Frene actress. Miss
and ao \ mf her own original and ine
a \ ‘Romeo and Jniiet,” and
; f Yr vould eopy Bernhardt in
e- Froonon save that the
the 4 \ not nt the political
nail ( the Freneh
. ‘ te possible interest for
ally 4 : ' (bo retained and em-
gs, Me
om : ‘ iid to he Options on
D re- Ay . Tbsen's “When We Dead
a inder way by Sardou and
n 4 erbes f°
ing , ‘ hors of Zaza
r ° coe on impersonating sweet-
. i fa f
ee. s we sight in Montreal, The
and Oh, beoinpany playing “At the
ar hres teuenet wee taken ilLand Ida
nd is travelling with her
hoa , Wood, the young lover of the
the : a e appeared as a substitute in
en- . rn
; ‘ ‘
rei ‘ ‘noas La Petite Adelaide,
ute : then tor aeh Id on aceount ol
ible c became reoaund juvenile wavs and who
sed Cohate ana te a few days awo, came from
SADG r »
" \ Virginia; Name was Addie Iekey

Tose 4 Docksra, arers are condemning Prim-

d cksiaders minstrels for making @ | eitleen.—Ade
; t
/ ‘ J

 

 

NS

   

 

tourof that State without her Primrose or |
Dochstader, whose presence was advertised }
Louisville bas been hopefully productive of
ainbitious ‘tresses since Mary Anderson's
career began in thatecity, Phe latest of ther is
hugenie Thais Lawton, who arrived in New

 

 

   

 

 
 

 

    

 

  

   

 

   

MEFHODISTS DEADLOCKED,

rhe ELECTION OF BISHOPS WAY Go
OVER INDEFINITELD,

 

 

 

 

  

  
  
  

|

val

TUESDAY,

LIVE TOPICS ABOLT TOWN,

Much surprise bas been expre-sed,” suid a
Broadway theatrical manager, rm
well-known star bas Joineda company at alocal

‘becutise

} music halland voluotarily abandonded the dise

| Pract cable

|

|

|

York vesterday under engawement to Diebler &
Co “She ia remarkably beauiful, «oo her '
open letter to the prose halveis Bhi to hyp | Three More Ballots Taken Witheot a Chotce |
Hantly educated, and has put aside | social | Dr Pe ind Dr, Warne Elected Mis. |
towoou the stage. gt is predi wd that slongry Kishuns A Committee Alormed by
Ander apeven greater laurels than did Miss | the Inereose of the Cltarette Mobic,
nadefeon '

The fiht in London betwoon Wilken Barrets | Gini ac Ma ty wep Po Bersy of
and Whitney & Canby over “Que Vadie™ his | yoy oditert Mpworth Herald, wiih
ended in ga agreement tinder which Canby is jo : ‘han ansntant for Minho uf 4
ty use it without opposition in that city, Bare | drew to-day trot ' opol the
rettisto have it for the resteof England and | Method hy ! ‘ roh, snd the General
Wortnay, i Of his way bee to New York diss | Coofepencet raivteenth batlot with the ex
ern be : : ash : breaking the deadlock which ha

fhe Borncim-Bailey ecirous exploited jieelf in pectation @

Hamburg by paving the street rathw come | exis ed for = ral ad The result of tb
panies $5,000 to stop all their cars durin the ballot will not nnounpecd untll tosemorrow
five hoursof a parade. Germans hos never I . in to binss)
hada big tent show and this one is amazing the | Morning, An ese wil postpone
people witht ve and methods | the election t \ idditional = Bisho;

\ Boston chap drank earholie aeid for unre | yy be thirteenth and tourteenth ballet
ouited Jove ofan albino wirtin a dime miuseuns, ' ic elect ‘
hint the doctors saved vis tifaand now he has | showed no eh te Be AG AD)
become anesxb. bit in the same show | morrow sue potion WHE probably prevail

Helena Modiesca signed ae ntract yesterday | py phe election tor two scjonaty Bishops for
to go under the management of Wavgenhals & ts third ; ote
Kemper next con She wjlhact in an e | southern Asiat ‘ Soothe majority
orate revivalbof “King John’ in a version ar Was received on the first ballot by the Rov. F
ranged Wiliam Winter It will be the W. Parker and t boy FW Warne. The
Polish wetress’s first appearance as Constance, | F r the Confere
though she has promised to play the part for | other important b m , Pr SEEN
many veurs. Tt is the manager intention to | to-day was the eort ! f the debate on

rrroundl her th some prominent aetors, mak- the fime limit of tive irs ot storates
ne the company to some extent a star organ- to-day the (tl
zation They will also pr diuee a new play When the session opener tbsasd " ute |
called oe,” by KH. Clemens, a Boston | teenth ballot for Bishops was taken, Dro Berry
newspaper man Lead ss ten » ach were required to

Mary Mannering settled vesterday the burn- received 208 votes, as
int question as to what plav she would make elect hirn Dr thar n Was seCOnG With) Jae
her first appearanee in os astar Tt is_a ros | Moore had eay Dr. Neoly's boon had subsided
inantic drama in four aets by Victor Mapes |, a 413 lr. Spellinever wa
and Mrs Allen Arthue ealled “A Durward and he got only 188, and : .

niaivea.’* fifth with 185. Chaneellor Dav off Syracuse
had

- . a University received sa votes, On the fours

CHANCE TO CLEAR HERSELF, teenth ballot Pr Hamilton was in the lead with

Masey Gets the Decree of Divorce
Against Her Opened.

In moving to open a deeree of divorce which
Harry Masey obtained last month from Justice
Bisehoff, Mrs, Lulu May Masev {nformed dus
tice Leventritt yesterday that the divorce pro-
ceedings were pending while she was living
wit! her husband at 602 St. Nicholas avenue
and that her written confessions of guilt were
the result of cooreion. Masey, who tis a travel-
Hog salesman, married her in Philadelphia in
ISS, When she Was 1S years old and he was 21,
He came herein August last to establish him-
self in business.

Masey dates his troubles froma letter he re-
eeived from his wife saying that the Grand
Army of the Republie was going to have acon-
vention in Philadelphia and that she would like
toleta room toone of the delegates in wecord-

ance witha request from the Temple Baptist
Church authorities asking that the congreca-
tion billet the soldiers. She billeted George
Collins, Who does a turnin the variety theat
and le was named as corespondent in thes:
brought bv Masev for absolute divorce

 

 

iv

 

The witesavs her husband put ber out of the
house with her beby and without money,
had few acquaintances here and went to Col-

lins <flat‘*o borrow money togoto a hotel with
hier d and friends of his followed her to
d shesavs the whole t) 2 Wal

to Collins for st she
isband, wrote confessions at
ved to live with him

|
|

 

 
  

devised to adr ter
went
his d
ifter his
served her with
Justice Leventritt saidt sinelined
1 wo ma ehane her

ive 1 |
her h
|
|
|
!
ind he granted the default |
|

back to
etation and conti
divoree suit Was begun and uotil he
the decree

1° Was aAlwas

»fo establish nno-

to

 

ONTY A GENTLE EMBRACE,

 

Little Bie Free With Me,"' Save
Mrs. Evans of a Hugger Her Husband Licked,

“He Was a

Edward Evans, a real eatate dealer, of 149
Fast Forty-eigith street, was in the Yorkville
police Court vester dav charwed with assaulting
Lester Kramer
Rast Porty-eighth stree
assault and pleaded in

t} iplainant

eaugutt
of

ibuteher, 22 vears old, of 11 |
Evans admitied the

that he had |
Evans |

kon

istificeation
tra 8

Il oe

hug@ing

their home

 

ie ¢
in the vestibule at
Sunday night

‘said Evans

 

|
“per: |
|

  

 

“Naturally, Pstruek him,
haps [hit him more than once

“Teh suv he did, interrupted the come
pluinant ‘He gave mea blow in thelefteve |
and before Teould get out of the way gave me
another inthe right eye L struck back and

he gave me one onthe nose anda balla dozen

 

others trered about.” j

Kramer declared thut he had not embraced
Mrs Evans tle wason his way home froma
wedding when sheasked him to go up to her
rooms and ask aman there to come down and |
help her husband upstair hie started to go |
and Evans jumped our of a corner and ase |
seulted him

fhe Mugistrate sent for Mrs. Evans to find
out shat had happened

“Well, said Mrs. Evans when she arrived
“My husband struck him because } was a
litte bit free with me

“How a little bit free?) Did he hug you?"

inguired the Magistrare

“Wall, L wouldn't call ita hug. Tt was an aw.

 

fully gentle embrace, but it angered iny hus-
band,” said the woonar
The Magistrate adjourned the examination

til more witnesses could be produced

REPORTER WURRAY THU UPED,

Set Upon by T. De Quincey Tully and Lawyer
Bristol Right Eve Closed,

 

  

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

   
   

 

T. De Quiney Tully, head of the Law Enforee- |
ment Society in Brooklyn, and George Wo Briss |
' go}, the legal adviser of the organizaton, hida
!
| run-in yesterday afternoon with Charles Ef |
Murray, areporter, at their otice in the Are |
buckle Buildin fro ehich Mr Murray
emerged vith hy right eye bly ind
el sed, bis right cheekbone eut, a riised
shonider and brasions 0 the sides
tand other porilon f the bod Mir Murray
hadwone to Mr Tuliv .odles to muir
about his recent inysterto ertieade for the
r sition oof Cones Island by combined
ministerial by tienes Ile hhinted ait Mr
ly was engaged ina “fake hterprise and
started the rusapues ] as allewed,
tbbed the reporter, whod oof sbucht build, fy
the neck and held him fast while Lawver Kris-
tol proceeded to Jambuste hin, violating all the
rules of the trize Tring, as Murr avers, by
usng fists and feet indi eriminately, 4 y |
landing him ina heap in the corridor |
Murra oonas he was able te w hime |
aelftoweth or, went aroied to che Adhins st '
police sation and exb bited hoameet inall bis |
diatigurements to Capt Dunn A pole an |
accompanied bim hack tothe Arbuel {-
inv, but they found the offlee of 1 4
foreseen! Soee vy locked up
Rrenner was the accthiinted with
andon Murray's vntissuedaw

   

of Tu ind) Bristol, whe had
palate hour

=!
found up t

 

the err

Leen

FIVE WOUNDS TN WIS FIRST ARREST.

 

Probatiosary Cop Tackles a Hunchback Who
Waits for Him With » Knife,

When William J. Tynan, probationary
policeman attached to the Fifth streer station,
started onton patrol mabe, wecoupanied
by Policeman Baxter, teach hing

how to do police duty, he was told that Deteo- j
ng for Thomas Jackson of

a

 

st

who Wis to

 

tive Larkin was look

 

 

     

41) Kast Twelfth street for the robbery of a |
wateh and chain nin | lived in the same |
neigoub rheod as Jack Whe is known is
“Humpty Jackson, because hetis ahunehback |
At twelfth street and birst avenue Tynan |

sav Jackson and on polntiog him out to Bax-
fer Was instructed toarrest him, But Jackson
hadseen Tynan coming jefore Baxter could
reach the pair the haioehback drew a penknife
and stabbed Pynar five times inthe meek, the
head and the right hand Baxter seized hin
before he could run away and locked him up

Tynan wee sent to Bellevue Hospital ft was
found there that none of his wounds was seri-

ous.

 

 

Bijou Fernandez Ul With Appendicitis. |
of Miss |

ancumont, May 21- The condition |
Bijou Fernandez, who has been seriously ill at |
hersnmiscer home here, was sl ahtly iinproved |
to-day, |

|

defer the

and her have decided to
proposed operation for appondicitl

physicians

 

Miss Fernandes became tll with the disease 1!
Phursdav just aft she finished her onus
ment at the Herald Square Thoati where she
wis | laying in "Quo Vadis On Saturday she |
became so ill t twotrained nurses Were ene

 

waved tot »ofher The operation was
arranwed for, but us she became stieht ly better
it was nol perforined

  

|

Judgment Against Actor Harves, |
abe Despatch to THE SUN }

Herman Moerivale, who sued

Special (
LONDON, May 21
Martin Harvey, the actor, for breach of cone |
‘Don
three

|
j
!
tract in not accepting bis adaptation ot |
Juan's dost Wager,” whieh had a run of
weeks atthe Prince of Wales's Theatre, won his |
!
case to-day and the Court awarded him £500 |
damages. Mr. Harvey testified that he gave}

: |
Mrs. Cunninghame Grahame goo for the ver. |

sion which he produced

There ts No Dispating
med through using the
SUN, Areaderof THE
n independent Awericaan

the desirable associations for
advertising colimnsof THe
SUN may be relied upon asa

 

|

 

89° votes while 444 were necessary to elect. Dr

 

 

Berry was second with s2o, Dro Moore had :

Dr, Dav 16a, Dr. Spelimeyer 107, and Dr Neely
only 7 When the fourteenth ballot Was ane
nounced by Bishop Andrews, Dr Berry afose

to address the delegates
“TL became convinced o
“that in theexisting ire

Saturday, he said,
jr pos.

by

Piscopiey

   
  

   

 

 

 

sibl: to s@cure an election

this General Conference To owas deteamined te
do what Ecould to so t! perpieXina probs
Jen) (his deadlock suet oned untavor-
able comment throus Chorehand thas
offered reason tor joist Pour jealous
of the reputation ool ot General Cone
ference, Where equal hay and tintin
terial repr nta beits tested
for the frat ti Tari iealousef the boner at
the Chureh whieh Dlowe and which has honored
ie so wreatiy If} withdrawot will break the
deadlock We should not antes any wore
time Weonght not t stpone this election
For the sake ot the \ this body and

 

 

 

  
  

 

   

 

 

  

 

 

   

     

 

  
    

 

 

tosave it from dive »lask vou to permit nu
to withdraw my nanie This decision Was
reached without any outside advice or intlu-
ence Withall: heart | thank my frends
who have stood by meso magnificently
After Dr Berry sat down fudge Charles B
Lore of Delaware moved to postpone balloting
indefinftely. HH ised an uproar when he
sid that it was man ¢ ® the lobbies of
the } Is that ive her tie t
Whoever oe the episeapaey vo
Without the = lot sim nh bis garments
We 1 afford to wait Thie tot ves laid
on | t , t { the next
le the ition
etina mind it
body w not
ime doit ,
rel t ‘
( 15 to “
ilhe
th ballot. He
had 2820 Dr
the result_ of
13, and Tr
> 4 ot was then
taker ! r twill not be nounced until
toemorro it ther little reason
to believe thit 1 iowane tio
W hisle votes Cast ont rteenth ballot
wore be iedt or re eles { the
Rev Dr Prank W. Warne ane ow Re r ha
“ \W. Parker Mis ry | pes uthern
Asia i ' rof th rth
dint a ' ma vars
fleld pal 4 for
ni was b "ost
A rnd ed the
Churehi in ois is wrad ed tre
the 4 cord | it il ! sou
ind nued ! Ve nt Conf ‘ 1
month tater Hleow rd Y AY wns
by the New Fng d mniierenee i Sou
and ordered hha ile re ed dion
h new Jabors on Ana 2 SOU s be
date! sorked continually as at ary
ir vest Indin, In iséa he en
Presidinw Lider of his mis cor nee
a plaice he held up te tine s+ nt
the oflee of M i Bishop ither
Asin. Dr Warne ort t Ks nt., i
IS, and entered the oa rv i Cn in
in US74. Tn IS7S-St sis on ssionarv 1
British Nort Aroerien I sm w
gcradnated fror e ett B il ut
I ifter ) rad !
1 to Indin and}
ts paste viiat nown
Peoburt en md ds
leit » th ' '
' 1 . t
3 ta oltior
ward, to-day a her of
j ! ried
Me ‘
‘ I ‘ *
e i t ’ < re
w ( ' net
} tee fleet
portunity. The rey ;
‘Wearecogt thee ! ind
moral, growl: aviyt thi > ‘
tobaecce We are est ! the
rapid sn or
t! ' 1 ‘ ntr snat
w ry '
its ’ tery e girlie
ind ‘ ! d
heen ‘its | f ‘
ils and tie ‘ 1
oe | clothet | t
toboac re ‘
wd ! { \
abstain i " j ;
tt po to the souls ane
it ing on Wedr fay
hold ts esfons dni! ‘ ne
throuah w wor \I sor det ’
by reso'ntion tert id ! nt
CNURTH OUARREL IN: COURT,

Vice-Chancellor Advises Paranius Bolkhs to Act
More Like Christians,

 

 

The fl t between the é . ia ensnek
and the elders he 'Tr he 1 h of
Paraniis, Nod r} ') ch
property wast tied ore \ i} lor
Pitney in ler cy ext { I \ °
ellor bie largu \ pplication
‘ r(} ne etion
r Tie ( lene
Trorned the chur ov rf ] !
th
‘ t “" ‘ i } {
\ Chancellor na 4
tir \ tare lise i t ‘ » of
nt nr biek the olne.ts « “
rotned fo tmoovert-') the ehuret T ius
eav there isan absence of Ohyr iplike spirit
and forbenranes in this profeed ne betwoon tt
clussis and the coneregauo
Phe Court took the pap ind reserved d
ein

Want Sole of Guns ond Rum Prohibited tn

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

   

South Sea Islinds.,

The Methodist preachers att meeting ves
terday appointed ae ' of ft ar
tain Why Congr ' 1 | re)
Amerie tr troy ' »
nition and to tatives of the South Se
Isiasit!s reat | ! ancl
Methodist uit ©} vn }
tedState my Ww et | on
named eotsi of the Rev Tob. Ponlser .
ev. ot. KR. Wrieht, t) } J 0) Foste e
Rev. 1. ¢. Mul nd th A. \
venerable Prosbyterir ry, the Roy
Dr John G Paton, who pent forts ir
{nthe New Hebrides, was the speaker whose
remerks led to the appointment of the eommit-
tae

Church tells Ulesed at Glen Cove

Clint ‘ Vb ] | Mia 4 Over $00 persons
Withessed thet i f erut @is of Sst
Putriek’s ©} t Mrrr, MeNar tout thi
place vesterdas After t blessing Vise May
Sherwood, a daughter of one of the donors,
tolled the for the first time. The Rev
Father MeGuns fst tras Navier'’s Chureh,
Brooklyn, preaehed th ermon The Rev
Bernard on pastor oF St. Patrick cave
an nddres« of than tod KOO Sherwood and
Louis Vo Bell for the gift of he Holv
Name Society, the Young Men's Catholic Soei-
et and i company of bows fron | Chhoobstiapy
St. Mary's, whiehis lying in the harbor, marehed
to the ehureh ina bed
New Eaptiet Charch and Parsonyge for the

Brony,

Pans were (ld vesterduy by Ward A Davis,
architects, foranewehurch and 4 soriuge ¢
be butlt for the Alexander Avenue Biptist eon-
eregation at Alexander avenue and [ilet sires

The chureh is to be of ornamental brick, three
stories high The parsonage adroining in will
be three stories, with a two-story extension. The
buildings are to cust $85,000.

 

|
|
|

|
}

Fand these are

|

tine tion of travelling around the country at the
companys Asa tnatter of fact
to receive asalary lurker thaa
ines he first
became what is calledastar, Many of these
Consplenous lah's in the theatrical world make
very much less than the general public realizes
und itis often possible to keep ap an appear.
ance of prosperity for year with
very little real foundation for it lhe aetorin
Question did not make @ financial

head of his own
heis probably
theaverage sum he bas earned

several

sticcess of

 

his first endeavor, Asamatteroftuet be was
very much in debt when the second season
of bis career as a star began, Tuechkily te
found sneeess for that gseneon end
not only paid his debts, but made
thoney as well) This carried him over two rere

seasons swirnmingly, but the two productions
thal followed this were complete failures finan-
laity Ancther success compensated for the
losses imeurred by two attempt and
served to earry him prosperonsly through two
more seasons. Thealternations of suecess and
fails re likely to come with such reaularity
that the time was due for himeto make anotber
failures Andhedid. After attenspting to float
foraaenson what proved to be an utterly im-
performance and with ne good
works in view, he wisely aecepted the offer o
employment of arvanaver who will pay hima
large salary, relieve him of the troublesome
task of finding wood plays every vear, and ey
peet him merely to do his share in the perform.
anee with credit. Instead of demanding sym-
pathy from the loss of his position as a star, he
ought to be congratulated at the comfort and
profit which the new situation offers hin.”

Men weary of struggling with the task of
slipping a ernvat through the high turned-over
collars need worry no longer if they are willing
tondopt an expedient which, from the views
pointof the thoughtful dragser, is as unworthy
os 8 ready-made necktie. New thea are pro-
vided with a small pasteboard backing covered
with the same material as the strings of the tie
lipped into the high standing
collar and booked tothe collar button ina way
that makes them fast Attached to them are
the ends of an ordinary tle which the wearer
nay knotas he pleases This arrangement is
without the odfum which attaches to the ready.

these

 
  
 

 

 

  

 

 

fronde tie and enables the wearer to escape the

|
}
|
|

ssity. of adding the band of 9 tie to the
ht of a collar in summer  Well-dressed
men who affeet to despise all mechanteal de-
Vices in dress from the collar buttons down to
the alrendy tled scarf may find no use for this
Invention

n

   

It has often been remarked that New York
flate and ocean steamers have certain points In
common, and there can never be any diMleulty
in real The size
of the rooms and the architecture of the hails

zing what some of these are

! )
are possibly the most striking points of re-

 

|

 

One New Yorker has discovered
'o Lwent to Europe on
ve jiner,” he says, ‘and then decided
ot pay so.much the next time, I ine
take a cheaper steamer, dispense
ipv of elaborate meals served free

semblancr

 

anothe Some yenrs &
An @eXper
I would:

tended to

 

 

 

with the lus
ently during the day, prepare myself to get
wow it the unnecessary draperies and
sculptured woods, and find at a very much
mailer price stinple comforts that I believed
exist on every. ship At that time
thought that one paid) expensively for all
these unnecessary and not always agreeable de-

Ltook passage the next time ona very
Then I discovered that I

nuch cheaper boat

 

 
    

 

had paid on a previous trip not. for the luxury
of the vovage, but fer light anc r. Itis those
thin V make ocean travel expensive and
not the inetdental inducements Larne ships
whieh will supply these essentials to comfort

iturally costinore. The same rule applies to

|

 

 

New York flats. T thought T could find a
cheaper one than that | iived in, and I was
willing to dispense with gilded parlor mirrors,
tatlonary hatracks anda fewof the nuisances
of that kind, making Heht and air the real
gold | was searching, but Lfound after a while

that nothing costs somuch as the light and air

!
It was that

 

 

 

Thad to pay foreverywhere and the
little luxuries thrown in wera merely deta
prompted by the generosity of the landlord
(in the ocean steamship and in the New Vork
fatnothing commands as high a price as light
und air P

Ignace Paderewski carried away with him

ore than the draft for $170,000, which repra-

 

 

 

    

  

 
  
   
 

 

   
   

 

 

 
   

        

 

   

  
      

  

  

 

 

 

   

    
 

  

MAY 22, 1900.

We vA

are

| PRESBYTERIAN ASSEMBLY,
ADVAINCE Ww w188t0N wm WORK
AMONG THE FREEDMEN

Appeal for 200,000 to Continue TH Ap
proved Warssawtak Case Considered in
Committcoe Committee Report Concerning
the Revision of the Creed Expected To-day,

 

St. Tetis, Mo, May 2t. The fourth day's
fessional the Prestvteriin General Assen
bly was largely given up to disena.

ary meeting next Thursday evening, but that
Gov. Mount of Indiana would preside in bis
stead, This meeting isto reflect ina large de-

gree the spirit of the recent Beumenieal Con-

0

iNew York
the Standing

ference {:

The report of
Freedmen was read by Dr Fo Trumbull Lee of
Cineinnath Interesting figures regarding the
advance in the work of the board were received
& 000 000

Committee on

with evident pleasure There are

 

begroes in the United States and the report
dealt with the problems with which the bourd
had been confronted In the winter of 10s the
board was indebt. there seemed no way out,
The report read to-day said
) when over $0,000 should be sent
,and when we had nota doar to
t letter came from one of God's
pereonay known to ane
, Containing a cheek tor
$10,000 SCLor the general work.’ If Was the
turning point in the struggle against debt,
Last yeqr when the Assembly met the board
Was over $40,000 in debt. “That has been wiped
out. The board has new work ahead which
will desaand muck tabor and more money.”

The report recommends that an appeal for
$200,000 for continuance and extension of work
among freedmen besent out, The Assembly
adopted the recommendation, A number of
speeches were made in behalf of the freedimen,
robably the most notable being that of the
toy, KA. Torrance of Hiot Springs, Ark., a
nevro, Who Wis Warmly complimented by the
Moderator upon his eloquence and roundly ap-
plauded by the delegates

The Pey, George Willlam Knox of Pelham
Manor, \. Y., then presented the overture of
the Presbytery of Westchester, No Y, onthe
question of ministerial representationin churelh
It was sent to the Presbyteries

‘On dan
Ou Assia
end, ab Inoe
hoblemen, aman not
the beaawre

   

 

Meniber ot

Judiciatories,
tor ratification
Atthe afternoon session the report of the
Standing Comittee on Edueation was consid-
ered. According to the report there ts a. decline
in the number of young men desirious of study-
votfor the nuinatry, and the report argues that
astrong effort be made to bring about a change
fhe report was

  

in the interest of the Church.
adopted

In the evening a popular stereopticon lecture
work was delivered
avenue

in behaltof the freedmen’>
at the and
Chureh

lie Judicial Committee this evening con-
from the New

conclude jis

Washington Compton

Warszawiak case
did

the
Presbytery,

aidered
York
lubors
To-morrow
Overtures will
of the
f the

but not
on Bills and
the re-
John

seme

Committee
eoncemina
Prof Herrick
Mecormick Theological
inary at Chieago is chairman. of sub-
committee of the larger committee, which
has practically decided: upon the report to be
prosented, It is probable that in the main. this
report will follow the overture from the Pres-
bytery of Chicago, which calls for the appoint-
ment of a committee to consider the whole
matter of a restatement of the doctrinal stand-
ards.

the
report
visi ereed

son oO

a

  

WONT CONSIDER REVISION,

The Southern General Assembly Not to Amend
Presbyterian Doctrine Just Now.

ATLANTA, Ga, May “The Presbyterian
commissioners in the General Assemb!y now in

21

fonin Atlanta will not consider the ques-
tion of a revision of the Confession of Faith.
Moderator Martin said this morning taat the
subject would not An overture
sent to the Asseinbly to-day by the Rev. W. E.
Shiveand the Rev W. 1. Kilpatrick of Texas,
neitherot Whom ja a commissioner, sought to
open the question by asking the Assembly to
amend the Confession of Faith tn Articla IT,
chapter 10, by adding the sentence: “All per-

sons dying in infaney are elect infants."
It is the flaw in the Presbyterian creed, ac-
dip to those who are seeking to amend the

 

be disctssed

 

| sion on the report of the Board of Missionaries
for Freedmen, the question colimng up atter
the aniouneement of synodical con unittoes
It was announced that ex-President IHarrison
would be unable to be present at the mission.
|
|
|
!
|
|

 

  

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

  

‘ donly per if his ear f 8 * : 1] :
sented only part of hisearnings. He had also docirines, Dr Newell Dwight Hillis, Dr. C. Hy
$40,000in Amertean cash and the total was the | Parkhurst and other Presbyterian ministers
extent of his protita this season, About ones | ask fora new ere ed vere does hot distingw!sh
) f that amount waa lef » the niani« between “intant and “elect infants he
quarter of that amount was left by the pianist overture Was referred to the Committee on
intl try. More than $300 was distributed | Oyertures and Bills, of which the Rev. J.
i waiters of the Hotel Manhattan who | Ca moot St. Louis Is pharma ; It fs het
. . » ah . . ) opinion of a majority of the conmmitteemen that
d ed} during h a stay there, a d the hreport willbasent by the committee to the
rest ¢ ew dk sticstaf¥ that ministered tohis | qeaonsbiv stating that it is deemed improper at
fort was! erpbered with equal Wherallt t! ne to open or discuss the question of an
\ ‘ ons elved in additf to the imiendment to the Confeasion of Faith The
) ls EMployers Fes : . dla : | rey of the comuiuttee will be adopted by the
7 iy sent of $10,000 . ir | Asse biv
‘ Kener tended to reduce greatiy the Oniv a small pumber of delegates were
S260000 whieh the pianist earned in his ul - | present when the Assembly met this morning
Thet vf playing alt warever’ | Pwo overtures were read, each from an indi-
d aried him Jittle, inde dG, | vidual and the question of individual overtures
' ” ‘ th his wav of life {r@- | te the Assert vus again raised One of the
' ! iat his wondert t il} overtures was from Mo C. Taylor of. Hico,
enduratne r hit before he sailed he | Tex, and asked the question “May a
i wh ved until ® ofcloek in *} assion lawfully receive into membership of
me dat that time he wast est WwW the Church, while the first wife ia living,
fopanin the party, As he had practi {the legal wite of a divereed person, said
sameesperience several ti person having n the defendant {n= the
‘ko oand ba { wiven seve suit forth ation and the cause a‘trmed
pmurvel to tts acquaintances { wilfu desertion’ The other overture was
“ pparent healt randapirits j fre tobert ©. Osborne of Petersburg, Va.
unt clock in the alternoon } and desired a chanure in section 104 of Book of
i 1” fo got ine rest he need i | Chureh. thissection regulates the election of
mont trip to this country wore chure) offleers
! hansted anybody less powerful pl yne The discussion whieh followed bearing on
; ind ~ proved his wondertulstrength, | whether or not individuals be permitted to
in ‘ extreoely Trogie appearance, send overtures to the Assernbly was long and
. - the issue was finally compromised by the
rw ' by which the directors of the | acceptance of these two individaal overtures,
Act I da ped to inerea ir revenues someones ~
bitte to aecomplish that purpose, CUMBERLAND PRESBYTERITANS,
Mba er AM. Valmer. several vears ago, F
dthat every deadhead should be asked | The Present Time Declared to Be Favorable
‘ ' ents forhis tlehet for the benefit of for Mission Work tn Japan,
tt , Tt , ken up very cheer Crarranoous, Tenn, May 2t The session
{ { Managers enforced it every. | of the ¢ eral Assembly of the Cumberland
wher while and Mr. Palmer, so long as} Presbyterian Chureh to-Cyy was confined to
|
he had aceity theatre, saw to ft that the turd [ane qoissionar rails ho exereises were
ene ‘ y the rule t heer Vv ( .
“ Af ne » wi | it Tee een tana under ihe direetion of the Rey JW. Langlter,
denchend tickets revealed exactly the extent to | President of the Missionary Board of the
which their audiences were toa te upofys srsopea Church of St Louis
sho did no pay for the privilege of seeing the fie missionarnes jn dapan report that they
plays eh frankness ts desired by yery | have nes before bean permitted to preneh to
ew theatrical managers, so the rule whieh hettentive listeners as they have this year
Wis expected fo prove ao profit ible Phe pervading spirit| in to-dav's services was
" the ei : : One eta nm ye ils 1! “ in opportune ime for missionary
wed to fall into disuse \ eeipms Trom | work in dapan
last) vear produced only $270 for the fund The work in this country is not progressing
eceiees more profitable was the later rule ree fast as the members of ine Churelh would
puiring ft! percent of the receipts ¢ lt like to see The trouble i. the lack of funds
benefit. performances sloald be paid to the Chis vear it Was reported that funds had been
nd oT radopredatter itbecameevident | about $10,000 overdrawn by the Home Mission-
that the trequent ber inkousobe | ary Society, and it wus asked in the report of
‘ had begun to interf Hecess of Path committee that be made the appro
the fund # ial performance woe Lert oriation this year fo-night Jobn bk. Haile of
cent rule “ s wipers ie be oert ti pron is Khedive, Pa, Was consecrated Gs missionary to
ble for the = fine { Yas enforeed with Jupan
' veal during the first vear and sone pone
st Re EO Wat Ih carepaotton wan RAPVIST SOCIETIES MEET.
sindooking atter its entore wy
ry Inved and itis now nearly as deud as
the other rule from wh omuch was at one | Delegates From € uba and Porto Rico Among
tine expected ted last Those at Detroit,
won from tie!
ch a Drrnom, May 21 lhe twenty-third annual
xpatriated milllonaire has never sur meeting of the Beptist societies of the United
” " i we ib vt ' P s > '
' Lactual and close control of his affairs | Stat sbeganin the First Baptist Church this
‘ ‘ iboan } is aft
venir ' ri ms oof leoruve Was de ov
" conntiry, where most of his fortune is ine | CVOMne An address of we we ph red
\rs ; stir ‘ | 8
vesied) Fvery month he receives from his « Moe by Mi } gs . \ 1, ea W ‘8 ae ‘i
M: rol New Ve ity, & nde he
here the checks necessary to the transaction of fucArthur ew TORK ¢ re wr es
his busine Phese are sent to London, duly rect of the evening was d voted tk ldresses by
. } the P Jentof the Women's Baptist Home
inspected there, and then signed and retugned : z
to the Tee im tis elty By means ot this | Mission So ete, Mrs. dN. Crouse, Mrs Joanna
roonuthte inspection of the eheecks the milllionatre yp Me for thirty-four vers a laborerio the
enabled to Keep an exact eontrolof the ex- | home and by her colored assist-
enditures made in his home offiee These | ants, Mir tteand Mrs Mary Flowers

}
ys are not confined wholly to business af-

rains, but inelude the payinent of elub dues,
charttable contributions and similar expenses

The old question of cheap cab fare which ts
now being debated by the cabroen is not of
generol importance as it Wasa few years ago
New York
Philadelphia and Boston, because of its con-
with tite gy

asa

has never felt the need of cabs as do

 

 

   

 
    

 

  

formation, and bow, eneral system of
transfers and the inereased facilities of the
surface cords, if needs them less than ever
len yeurs aio the cabmen protested that our
streets were so rough that they could not aferd
to earry passengers for 25 cents a iil

The wear and ar oon their cabs was
too mreat. Mostof New York's streets are now
either asphaited or so well paved that a eab
may runover them with very littl jolung, The
inerensed popularity of the automobile has
menieed abe business of cabmen who rely on
horses. Tt was reported last week that the cab-
mon were willing to adopt the 26 cent fare it
the hotels would abolish their cat stands,
hut the hotel men are not likely to
comply with any such snamestion, It is on
notorious faet that a omen dare nor ten
dey a street  cabman his legitimate fare
atnight untess be is big enough to proteet him.

self or lias time enough to ge to the nerrest po-

 

Hee station and submit Ws case to the sergeant
atthe desk Experience has tauecht the average
manthatitis cheaper to pay twice the legal

rate, Whieh is about the nighthawk's reguiar
horge tosober men, than tostick out for that
ln.d down in the city ordinanees New Yorkers
are not generally cab patrons Comparatively
few cabs are seen downtown The average
banker and broker rides to his oflece on a sur-
face or elevated car in preference to a cab.

 

Abort one thousand of (he expected 1,500 deles

gates have arrived

Hlome Mission

 

 

 

Fhe meeting of the Women’s
So tonight wee the first oof a series of
meetings tobe heid by the American Bapiust
rT e Mi Society. the Ameriean Baptist
Publeation Seciety, the Amertenn Baptist Hr
torical Society 1 the American Baptist Mis-
sionary Union, ¢ ering ten dave

 

Among the deiegates is the Rev ROLL. Mose
ley of Santiago de Cuba. Hehas charge
Baptist work in ¢ iba, comprising eleven mis
it twenty-five workers The He
nick ofthe Porto Rican Missi

   

of the

sflonsand al
HOP Metor
aloo present.

Eloomingdale Charch'y New Pastor

 

  

 

Honeeting vesterday of the Clasmis
of the Heformed Churches of New York the
eallof the Bloomingdale Churena fo the Res
Willame Stinsenot’ hillieothe Ohio, tostecmed
the Bev. Madion ©, Peters wis approved, The
Rev Mr. Stinsou Wits @ pre cher in’ Monmouth
county, Nod, antl he went toot Yelught vears
we

Dr. Porimer to Stay in Boston,
hostox, M ? The Rev. George CO Lori-
mer, pastor of Tremont Perople Bapt st Choreh,
bas decided not toaecept a call to the presi-
deney ef Colun noveraity in Washington
Stuyvesant Fish Morris, dr. Engaged to

Miss Wynkoop,

 

s announced vesterday of
Mr. Stuyvesant F Morris, Jr, of 16 Bast
Thirtieth street and Miss Elizabeth Hilles Wyn-
koor, the your t daushter of Dr. G. H. Wyne
koop of 125 Madison avenue.

The engagement wa

” si

 

Jan ea ei al ett ei tan NTA CTs

 

eee ae
eee

MORE RELIGION NEEDED,

Dr. Torrey of Chicago Says It Is a Question of
a Kevival or Anarchy,

 

HosvonN, May wt. the Revo br RA, ‘Torrey
of Chicago made a in the Park Street
Chureh to-day, ieled tue firet publie meet.
ing Of tine Phirteerth Vonual  Confer-
enee oof the bvianateliathe Association of
New Rowland whieh opened at noon,
and he attucked  card-piaving,  thoattes
wving, dancing, Ae. The tinistry did) not es.
cape, either, bhow many of ther he asked,
have the spirit of Clr , oroof St. Paul ile
thought that preachers Were not praying os
they ought to, und he seer d to deubt that the
spent an avernuge of filteen ites Apes
datty in “a real, fervent ery to God
L Phere is another dulieult “uid Dr, Torrey,

a lack of faith ino the Old) Book Many.

miniater to-day does not know where be stands
Some do not know what they believe and what
they disbelieve. ‘Lhere are some who have ae-
cepted the new form of idolatry, advanced
scnolasphip, They cannot tuke their stand. Tt
oil ineans that there is need of a great weneral
revival, awrand cutmpourina of good spirit

“But how about the comprotiise of the Church
withthe world?) The young manor the voune
woman to-day who does net awo to the theatres
or play curds or dance is not upto date, itis
thought, ds it not trav that the Churel is as
eager for the alnighty dollaras the world is?
As to the world, infidelity ia outspoken. Thedl
laughed at asa@ myth of the past, and people
sneer atthe subject of religion.”

He spoke of divorce and the theatres
their “Saphos’ and their “Dewenerates’’ and
continued: “Artis covering typ lewdness ioe
is creeping up trom the slums into the better
partsol the city It in advertisements of
corsets, shoes, bicvcles and everything there is
to be sold) ‘The utter dissolution of the Church,
the State and the home will stare us in the face
unless God answers our pravers and there
come a new life from on bith, Itis one of two
things, a revival or anarety

 

 

 

.

with

WILL OF THE LADY OF THE CASKETS,

 

Her Second Hosband, Yale and a Charity

Divide Her Estate.

Boston, May 21.. The will of Mrs
B Hiller of Wilm ngton, Mase., who was known
as the “Lady Of The Caskets," was filed in the
Middlesex Probate Court at Cambridge to-day,
It direots that after paying the funeral ex-
penses, which are likely to be large on account
of the extensive preparations now being made,
the ineome from $10,000 is to be applied forever to
thecare and inaintenance of the cemetery lotin
Winchester, where Mre Hiller’s first: husband
ia buried After making several snail bequests
the will provides that the residue of the estate
shall be heldin trust. One half the net income
goes to Henry Hiller, second, who was Mra
Hiller’s coaclhman before he became her
husband, The other half is to be paid to
Yale University and the bospital cottages for
children, at Baldwinville, Mass, during the life
of the second husband. On his death the en-
tire principal is to be divided equally. between
Yale and the hospital cottages, Yale fs to nse
the ineome for such purposes as the university

Frances

may deem best and the und isto be called
"The Henry and Frances B Hiller ‘Trust
Fonds.’ Francis W. Kittredge is named as ex-

ecutor and trustee,

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINIATURE ALMANAC—"BITI8 DAY.

Sun rises......4:38| Sunsets. 7:15] Moon rises.12:45
HIGH WATER—-THIS DAY.

Sandy Hook...1:18| Gov I'd ..1.60| Hell Gate,

 

3:43

Arrived—MONDAY, Mag 21.

U. S. transport Sedgwick, Hendricks Havana,
May 17

3 Ivernia, McKay, Liverpool, May 12.

Ss Anchoria, Wilson, Glasgow, May 10,

Ss Nordfarer, Hruinnen, Shields, May 4,

Ss Winifred, Clark, Hamburg, April 25

Ss Amsterdam, Roggevee), Rotterdam, May 10,

Ss Suowflke, Hopwood, Renaith, May 6

Ss La Hesbaye, Eek hoff, Antwerp, May 5.

Ss Alene, Long, yanilla, May &

Ss Olinda, Honsen, Gibara, May 7

 

 

Ss Eastern Prine’, Jackman, Santos, April 24.
Ss Glengot!, Davidson, Cardenas, May 14,
Ss Comus, Kemble, New Orleans, May 16.

Ss City of Hirmingham, Berg, Savannah, May 18.
Ss Guyandotte, Hiller, Norfolk, May 20

Ss Catania, MeDonaid, Mobile, May 14.

Ss Kaneaa City, Fisher, Savannah, May 19

Ns Rio Grande, Avery Brunswick May 14.

Ship Mary L. Burrill, Rice, ucnos Ayres, Mareh 20
Bark C Tobias, Floistad, Padang. Jan. 29.
Hark Elisabeth, Johanssen, Moss, March 10
Brig G. H. Lockhart, Sheridan, Curagoa, May 1

RPPORTED
Ss Rotterdam, from New York for Rotterdem, off the
Jeard

 

SATILED FROM FORFIGN PORTS.
Ss Trave, from Gibraltar for New York

OUTGOING STRAMSHIPS
Sail Today
Mails Close

KX. Maria Theresia, Bremen 700A M
Vhiladelphia, San Juan 1LOOAM
Comanche, Charleston ‘

Vessel Sails.
1000AM
100P M
s00PM

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

   
 

Ne

cre
~

 

 

A few days ago that dictator

of youd taste and common sense,
The Sun, said editorially: “Every
right thinking but timorous man
ought to take off his stutly
Derby to the man who has the
| courage to put on a straw hat.
Why shonld we allow ourselves
to be tied down hy the ridicu-
lous theory that comfort is to be
postponed to suit an absurd cone
vention /”
Straw hats, very rough, me-
dium rough, medium fine and
very fine; plain black and Jo
seph-colored bands,
*1.90 to S4.

 

 

We are selling more Suits
with coats half-lined than full
lined.

Rocers, Peet & Company

on

25

& Broadway, cor Warren,
and 7aud) Warren St
560 Broadway, eur. Prince,
12460 Broadway, cor. 32d,
and 54 West ddd St

We fill ordere
by mail,

 

Used Exciusively at Table of

His Majesty

The King of Italy

Imported in bottles a label to this effeets
PRODUCEDOUN THE ESTATE OF

PRINCE BRANCACCIO,

OF ROME, ITALY

Absolately the Finest and Purest Olive Of
Imported,

Sold by all Greeers and Druggists

GENERAL AGENCY, 1193 BROADWAY,

ANEW YORK,

ee oe re
BE. J. PENNINGTON'S BOARD BILI.

Motor Cycle Man Says His Employees, Not He,
Contracted It--Sent to Cortlandt,
Fdward J. Pennington, the motor eyele ine
ventor, who was arrested on Sunday afternoon
at the Berxeley, in Filth avenue, on the charge
of having failed to pay a board bill of $96in

Cortlandt, N. Y., was turned over to the Sheriff
by Masistrate Deuelin the Contre street police
court vesterday for trausfer to that town a
saidthat the debt had been contracted by hig
enrer ee six vears ago ardhe could inno way
be held responsible for its payrment

re

Proposals, wl

ming

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
     

  

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

   

  

  

   

 
 

 

    

 

 

 

 

Hl Paso, New Onieans sh i 000M] PROPOSALS FOR AULITARY | SUPPL i.
Helvernon, Hayti 1004 12003 Phia Depot. @ M. Dep't, 1424 Areh St .

Sail To-morrow, Pa, May "1, 1800--Sealed proposals in trintiests
routs +, Liverpoo 900AM 1200N will be reeelved bere until 1) o'cloek A.M o
Fa ate 4 ¥ tha pois 7H0AM 10 of ta day ine 21, 1900, for delivery at eitherthe Poiiadel-
Westerniand Aniwerp 108) AM i200M phia, Moston or Chicago depots of the Quarterinanse
Massiiia, Marseilles ter's Department, of Wool Blankets, Fi e and Fur
Mareo Mingbett!, Naples. Caps, Linen Collars, Jontt Wool Drawers, Fur. and
Advance, Colon ’ 9R0AM 100P My [uckskin Gauntlets, Kerlin Gloves, Campaign hints,
l. S. transport Crook, Hat Cords, Leggins, Nankeen Drawers and Une

‘Porto Rico 1OS0AM 1200M shirts, Arctle Overshoes, Muslin Shirts, | Husset
Ravensdale, Yucatan. 1100AM 100 PM | Shoes, Wool and Cotton Stockings, Comm Brooms,
Antilia, Nassau , ‘ou PM s00OPM Serubbing Brushes, Barrack Chatrs, Storm and Re-
San Mareos, Galveston Soop MY crating Flags Blouse and Shirting Flannel, and
ch ateau Lafite, Bordeaux cs , Khaki Shirting Material, all to eonform to Army
Fontabelle, St. hits 12 30P M $00 P M | Swndards and specifications. Early deliveries are
Clty of Wash'ton, Tampico 100 PM s00P M | esseutlaland bidders must state rate at whieh they

f a t ‘ S wil make them. Government reserves the right to
Sai! Thursday, May 24 reject or accept any or all proposals or any part
Grosser Kurfuerst, Bremen . 100P M | thereof Dreference given to articles of domesti
L’Aquitaine, Havre » 630AM 1000 AM | production or manufacture, conditions of quality an
Aug Vietorfa, Hamburg... 6 30AM 1000 AM | pries ineluding in the price of foreigu productions or
Pretorfa, Hermuda « SOOAM 10 00A M J} manufacture the duty thereon) being equal A
Orlzaba, Havens one 100P M S00P MP GUARANTER thoi of the of ihearticl@
Sarito@a Nassau coco, LUOPM 300 P M | must accompany — pre ! UNGUARANTEED
eames HI DS will not be eonsidere The required Revenue
INCOMING ©TIAMSTIIPS Stamps riust be alffard to one number of the guar-
? a ee ort auteed bid and properly canceled. Blanks for propo
Due To-day sals and Clroular to Bidders will be furnished apon
PipAeusn ocx evees axes Beets sccs cvsdeee application Envelopes contatuing proposals to be
Whitehall “ee GI Draltar....+. endorsed “Proposals for Miltary Supplies, " and
Morven ; Gy oraltar addressed to Lt Col. JOHN V. FUREY, Deputy
Cufte Liverpool Quartermaster General, U.S. A. ‘This ts to super
County of Dumfries Hamburg .. sede advertisement dated May 19th, 1900,
Kensington Antwerp cae : — aeaenerecent
Bremen Hremer ARMY BEILDING, Whitehall st, New York elty,
State of Nebraska Glaswow... 4 May 21,10 Sealed proposals, tn triplicate
Crecian Prince St [ucla subject tothe us conditions, will be received at
Kiet New Orleans this omer until lock, A.M, June 23, 1900, a8
Comal . Galveston, djlaee they will be opened In the pres-
’ pa orfarptshing and delivering at the
Due To wer ' g
tal Wilhelm 0 r Gibraltar f the Quartermaster’s Department,
Kaleer witheln ma rian. 1,000, yards of Khaki materlal, subject to 60
Hevellus ' t lic percent. fuerease, conforming to standard end spect-
Athos Pe Heations adopted November 7th, 1540, Blank pros
Prog uals o PREKAON GING, «0 posals giving full informotion as to grade of material
Due Thursday, May 24 required and manner of bidding ean be obtained and
Germanie LIVALPOOL. +. 006 e098 Standard somples ofthe mat tlal seen at the offices of
Saute Hremen the Depot Quartermaster al New York, Philadelpbta.
Weils City ‘ Swansea Chleago and Boston, The United States Government
( fornia ’ coos. GUDTATIAT. .. 40 eee Dd ree stherightto rejeet or accept any or all pro
Citta de Messina Gibraltar posal orany pert thereof Preference will be gives
i) Rio New Orleans toarticlhs of domestte po ictiol or manufacture,
Due Friday. May 2 cond sofquality aud price dneiuding tn the price
Fuerst Bismarck . if im fee of foretwn productions or manufacture the duty there-
Pennsylvania llamburg on lug equal. Envelopes containing proposalg
Hindoo Hull should be marked “Proposals for Khakl Material
: und addressed to Col. A, 8, KIMBALL, A. Q. M
Due Saturday, May 26, Ge U.S. A., Depot Q. M
Taicania Liverpool, sees May 19 a a abana As wcetinantema ian
New York Southampton May 1 eDoT Ol RA TER'S OFFICE, Washe
La Toursine Havre May 10 1)! F : Boe , GR e Une per ‘ eae
Island Stettin ....++++ » May 9] gn triplicate, will be reesived here until 2 P.M. Prie
Mount Vernotiocssersee Shields May ll | gay. ry 25, 1900, and then opened, for conetrurting
Due Sunday, May 27 at FortN Va cone Administration Bullding ai
Potsdam.... ; Rotterdam veeesMay 17 Toone Batloow House; also for plumbing and team:
Marquette ; London sooves May 07 JP hiectinig the ne Where required. Plans and specii-
Castilian Prince ’ . Antwerp coeece May U8 J eations enn en at this office: alsoat Depot Quar-
Columbian secceces  SAVORDON! eevee May 15 | tern ofiers, New York, Baltimore and Pitla-
Nueces.... ’ ° Galveston oe May 20 7 detpliia . & serves the right to accept or reject
——_— A | | sroposals of iy part thereof, Envelopes
* : . containing proposals Should be marked “Proposals
Business Notices, for Construction at Port Myer, Va." and addressed
in to MAJOK PB TRUK, Depot Q M,

Mre. Winslow's Soothing Syrup for ehildren aes - =
tertning flens the gums. reduces Inflammation QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, Wash
allays pain, cures wind colle, diarrhea, 25e. bottle ma, 1), 4 May 10, }wu0,- Sealed proposals

“ be res do here until)? PP. oM,, Turse

— ronstructing at Fort Myer,

DiIBxY. lore house Plans and

- - ‘Nee, also at Depos

BENTON,— At Perth Amboy, N. J. on Thursday, ew Haltimore and
Mav 17, 1000, at her residence, Nilzabeth Forbes, serve right lo aecept or
sls, oT y part thereof,

wife of the late William Henry Pope Benton & 10 be marked

Funeral serviceson Thursday, May 24, 1900, at it Port Myer, Va,’ and

P M. at St. Peter's Chureh, Perth Amboy, N, J SpOlG: My cecenmal

HAY.—At Princeton, N «1, om Sunday, May 2, pee ’ of i POR ae di b fh Phe Like 7

1900, Philip King@!and, eldest son of James R ) tied proposals, in triplicate, will be re elwed

and Sarah A. Hay M i) for furnishing saddlery
shat 1 rope, leathe n{ls

Phe duneral services will be held at Grace Chureh at ; - rh b r ee

Nutley, N Joon Wednesday, May 28, 1900, on il Steet tered, tan A canine and poltshe
the artivalot the 11:30 train from Chambers st ing mate ants shies, OS chemicals, mae

_ w ' fo ‘ “ K. paper imber, eve.,
N.Y ' K i 40 [001 Informae
LANGDON,— At Bast Hampton, Conn., on Sunday, fir bon av Major S. E. BLUNT,
May 20, 1000, Charles 5S. Langdon, in the 651 ee ela

of his age PROPS A a MI ILDING

year : iv ae l ig ty 11.1, 8 ret Ww YORK city,

Notiee of (ineral eafter. AS ' ‘ for furuishing

4 ' ‘ fav IM ravit ' t essets of the
MORGAN N { ! ' n f " ie 1
1900, fn the Sto year of ber ag ni
therfa, Rut daughter Ka Wate 1] re ! lu
Edward Morgan ' :

Funeral private r \S. KIMBALL,

ROGERS, Dudley Travis, snot livan a) ad st & ‘ t ' \ i Geueral Super
Nellie Groves ee ene
ral services ut te residenve, 1825 Dean st | Wwannah, Ga,

Punerels vic isl re ni D a () 7 ? sale for Durchane OF

Brooklyn, ‘Tuesday, May M0), A M. 4. tH t . Wa Ga, eor White
Interment Wednesday noon at Peek shill Hiatt ' ne of )
i nd ° ' ' vw eohlee
aaa] e received
Religious Motices. M informa.

t ‘ sir
‘ ! nurehese

PECIAL miusleal service \scen Jyay, May 24 Ms
Pst ames Churen. Midis it 1 7ist st uM . m
1A. SM. fall ehotr with b drut ridorga
under direction of Walter Henry Tf pro \ i WNC

ELLOS SEALED LOLOL LL AL : i
: 1« !
New Publications, ee
we fry , ardwar i )
6+) ZC. Zola Kipling, Ouida, Reade, Jerome, Tol fy otle & ring | yvearending fu
25 a. Perne Fielding, Sim ilet! : bud. Information furmisied ob applicatiode Gage
PRATT, 161 6th aw tein kL. MACNU'PT, Conidg.