_——- o 2.5.6

“VOL. LXXIX.—NO, 250

a

NDREDS DEAD
LOODED REGIONS

Thousands Marooned With No
Food and Small Hope
for Eseape.

LEVEES GROW ca
Work of Every Available Man
\iakes Little Head
Against Water.

NEW ORLEANS IN DANGER | tained & divorce from Elliot in 1901 in| in the presidential preference primary | fica! conduct of Senator

Muddy Torrent Near Tops of
(it\'s Protecting Dikes— =:
Rains Continue,

ORLEANS, May 6. Loss of life!
linled in the history of Louisiana |
ulted from the floods now sweeping

ra’ parts of the State, and the worst, |
ved, is yet to come,

‘ many are dead is still a matter of
rx, but there seems small reason
ve that it will be less than «everal

ods

Harrowing

tis

stories told by

“to up by rescue boats to-day and

' to New Roads, Baton Rouge and

ey places of comparative safety show

' thousands are marooned, with little
ec of escape

refugees |

ee
————

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, —

ROOSEVELT AND CLARK

aa

MRS. WOODBURY KANE TO WED.

Engagement to Capt. Git of Hoyal
Artillery Aunounced:

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Lonvon, May 6.--Mra. Woodbury Kane,
the widow of Woodbury Kane, formerly
Mise Sally Hargous, and who resides at
Newport, will shortly
of the Royal Artillery.

bal ' nel's Appeal for Their Help
foodbury Kane, who won the rank H u ‘itv
of Captain for gallantry while serving in Baltimore ¢ wy
with the Rough Riders in the Spanish rim

American war, was a son of De Lancey '
Kano and was well known asa yachtsman, |
partioularly in connection with the races ’ »

for the America's Cup. He died in 1905. | Use of Money Charged by Prest-
faeries wer ore B. De | dent's Friends—tItint of

1e late obert argous, ‘ o >

As Sally Hargous Mrs. Kane made her | Clark-Harmon Pool.
entry gs New York society. Her first ! =
usband was Duncan Elliot of Phila- , : ?

delphia, whom she married in apite a | FAUATREORS D5) ey is ae j a
the opposition of her family She ob. | returns from the State give the victory

Rhode Island, obtaining the custody of | to Roosevelt and Clark.
their two children, andon March 28, 1905, | While Clark's victory apparently as-
was ‘i y y Kane i '

: ee to Woodbury Kane at Aiken, sures him the Maryland delegation in the

Learning that the law of Sout!
‘ Vy :
Carolina did not recognize the marriage |? ational convention the vote between

:

| of divorced persons, they were remarried | Taft and his predecessor is so close a ator Nixon, Congressmen Roberts, Rob-

at Augusta. Mr. Kane died on December; to leave a possibility of manipulation
4 of the same year. A report was circu-| at the State convention

lated in the summer of 1008 th. at Mrs Th the S e convention
" . e situation in the Stat n
Kane was to marry Jack Mason of New

York,
; ; lows:
$50 A PLATE AT MARTIN'S. ' Needed to nominate, 65
Old Friends’ Dinner, to Owner ot | Republican for Taft, Anne Arundel 5
Cafe That Is Cloning. Calvert 3, Caroline 4, Carroll 5, Cecil 4.

4 , Ke : 5. 3, ord 4,
The Cafe Martin, at Fifth avenue and i ‘ harles 3, Dorchster 5, Kent 3, Harfor:

| Twenty-sixth street, will close on Satur- | Montgomery 5, Queen Anne’s3, St. Mary's

- WINNERS IN MARYLAND:

marry Capt. Gill! Negro Voters Rise to the Colo-'

EASTERN SHORE FOR TAFT |

* 1
as indicated by returnsat 12:30 ie ae fol- |

ena oatid

MAY 4%,

1912,.—copvrioht, 1912, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Associa

CADETS DEFY BARRY
WEST POINT EXITED

Quick Succession of Incidents
Reaches Climax in Jeer

| Resolved, That) we support cordially | |

and earnestly President W. HL Taft for | at Commandant.
renomination as President of the United | ; wan
States and hereby pledge our delegates!

und alternates to the national Republi: |OTHERS SHIELD OFFENDER

sean convention to vote for him as our | ; a

| choice and not to waver in their al-| ian ¥
Superintendent Tries in Vain to

legiance to his cause, belleveing that, by |
so doing, we y acti in the best {n-/| : ’

uo doing, We are acting n Ve es nei Find Man W ho Shouted
“Fore” at Him.

NEVADA PLEDGED TO TAFT.

Republican Convention
indorses President,

Reno, Nev., May 6—By a vote of 80]
to 17 the Republican convention at Fal- |
lon to-day vledged its delegates to the |
| Chicago convention to President Taft. |
Following is the resolution of instruc-
| tien:

Warmly
'

terests of the Republican party and of
that true constitutional government
| handed down to us by the fathers and!
cherished by Abraham Lincoln and the}
Grand Army of Republic on field of |
battle.

The Taft

Newsunau, N. Y., May 6.— Not in years
has West Point been worked up to the
ees een one ndition in which it has been during the
Congressman Roberts were warmly in- | last week. One exciting incident in which
dorsed, but that of Gov, Oddie, the first cadets were involved followed another |
Republican Governor the State has had | in quick succession, until on Saturday |
|in twenty years, was ignored. {came the climax, when the entire corps |
| The delegates to Chicago will be Sen- “got in bad” with Major-Gen. Thomas
Me | Barry, the superintendent of the United
| Hadt and W. W. Williams. | States Military Academy.
, —— The episode which aroused the indig- |

JEWELS TO BE LOCKED UP. nation of Major-Gen. Barry occurred
——a while the 560 cadets were assembling

Mea. Witthaan'’s Will Orders Them jn the cadet mess hall on Saturday for |
Boxed for 21 Yearn, ! their midday meal. A cadet who |

| The will of Mrs. Sarah Hale Witthaus, | seated near a window espied the General
who died in Paris on April 20, leaves passing the building and immediately
$10,000 to Annie Wainker, a maid in her shouted “Fore for the Supe,” which ia |

tert Govan, Senator Morehouse,

‘HE WEATHER FORECAST.

Unsettled to-day; slightly warmer; probably
fair to-morrow; wind southeasterly.
Detailed weather reports will be found on page 15.

tion

FREIGHT MOVING AGAIN.

Ratiroads Filling Places of Strikiag
Mandlere in Chicage.

Cnicaao, May 6.—Striking freight
handlers made plans to-night to spread
their walkout to teamaters, truckers and
affiliated trades. Special meetings of all
of the trades mentioned have been called.

While the union men were making
arrangements to tie up the frieght situa-
tion the employers were mobilizing non-
union men, and it was announoed that
the matter of filling the places of the
striking 6,000 would be a matter of only
a few hours.

Movement of perishable freight was
begun to-day by twenty-four of the
twenty-six railroads entering Chicago
affected by the strike.

Anticipating riots and disorder in con-
nection with the strike Chief McWeeny
to-day detailed 600 policemen and detec-
tives at the various freight houses.
Several hundred private detectives and
railroad officers also were assigned to
guard the freight stations.

EMPRESS EUGENIE IS 86.

Widow of Napoleon III. Walke Twe
Miles Every Day.

Special Cable Despatch to THE Son.

Lonpon, May 6.—-Empress Eugenie,
widow of Napoleon III., the deposed Em-
peror of the French, celebrated her eighty-
sixth birthday yesterday. She received
congratulations from all quarters of the
world. 7

The former Empress is now practically
recovered from her recent severe illness,
and she attributes her recovery to her

employ, $1,000 to Bertha Wainker and |

+, +3 in , \-~ . r
day, and last night ninety-two hotel (3, Somerset 4, Talbot 4, Wicomico 4, Wor- | $500 to Catherine Gredewald, also in |

men and old friends assembled in the | cester 4.

ballroom to honor J. EB. Martin,
ten ago made of the old Del-
monico tailding the place of his name.

years

who !

‘Total 63
For Roosevelt
City, 28; Baltimore county,

Allegheny, 7; Baltimore
; Frederick,

On every diner’s coat below the pink 16; Garrett, 1; Howard, ?: Urince George, 5;

carnation was a golden medal with the
fove crest and motte of Martin, and on

4

|

Washington, 6. Total. 65
Democrats for Clark: Allegheny,

jher employ. The testatrix left $70,090
in trust for her sister, Fannie Mourilyan, ,
and brother Constantine Gowen, both
living in Paris, but to her brother Caleb
| E. Gowen of Cleveland, Ohio, she left only
; $100, She says she does so not through
| lack of affection, but because he is not

said to be a golf term meaning “clear the | general good health and her fondness for
field,” “be on your guard.” It frequently | Walking, which exercise she takes every
is heard at West Point on a pleasant after- | a Bigg ear a oo son extn
noon when Gen. Barry and other army | either nn the grounds or in the long cor-
officers are playing on the golf links. :ridors of her ‘house at Farnborough, a
As soon as the remark reached the,small town in Hampshire thirty miles

superintendent's ears he wheeled and (from London.

Is Worse, the refugees say that | ‘
of these will die of hunger and cee Oper Sie cathe | Cute a tar eee
| May 11, 1922, to signify Mr. Martin's

u business career, beginning at the old |
iough effort Ninth street and Uni- |

and

has been made to get) Hotel Martin at

versity place, now the Lafayette. !
“But, sald cisear Tschirky of the !
Waldorf when the speaking had started,
“we know he's going to open up again
somewhere uptown. You can see It in
tursous current, while larger beats | nis race! Mr. Martin smiled and would |
> penetrate Incny parts of the | nut deny ft. This was well after 10
fet interior Vo'clock, for the chef dowastairs had
(The sugar country the population is | been instructed by S. B. Jackson, who
Some of the great plantations em | nad charge of the arrangements, to |
thousand men each, A compose a dinner which should some- |
riy of these are negroes and live in how arrive at $50 a plate, aud he did
wded = quarters, They are ignorant hie best. i
i superstitious ant to keep them at! ‘phere was a horseshoe table set in|
When the river first began to rise it the midst of fowers. Edward M. Tier- |
ney, the toastmasier,” sat at Mr Mar- |
tin’s left. One by one he called for al
tribute from the uinety-two old friends,
among them F. A. Keed, Charles Rector,
Frank THford, Gustav Baumann, 8, Fl-
“as, P. Rankin, Felix Isman, A, EB. Mer-
i. Nicholas, KB. Waseecman, He
: 1 Chapelle, G. Garneau, D |

many have been given
. their work has to be more
phazard the

r craft in most places are hampered

t charge

ss ha In addition

inable t
several

v
Wis hecessary Co issue frequent reassuring
So firmly have such ideas
f sefety become implanted in the minds
forthe blacks that they refuse to budge
andeven in the face of the approaching
Waiters many refuse to leave their homes
Lo-day period of great | pal)
pon the Weakened levees all over prc)
ha State Downpours of soaked 4, ‘daliazi, J. OB. Cartwright, FPugene
the mud bunks and raged Hl. Greenebaum, There was |
workers M voof these latter baly for Diamond Jim Brady, |
a Laltimore hospital
set of elghteen dozen
of Louls NV,

Statemenhis

was another
streda
ratte
disce the
i are Unpase-
customed to hardships and there is a con
siderable amount and
Federal aid is being extended wheres er
possible, but at avails little to strengthen ppanys was presented to M:
the failing hearts of the tired strugglers. yeigy 4 speech by Ho M. Kirk
The only break of consequence during |
the daylight hours was on the west bank
ifthe Atchafalaya at Elba, which menaced ABOUT $2,500 FOR SUFFRAGE
the town of Melville a
Plus afternoon water began backing in

vehind the great Morganza levee, cre- | pPledgwea—Congratulate Wes, Helmont,
ating a new danger This water is from

It is fast under- | Mra. A F row nsend : |
the back of the great dike. En-| Women's Political Crion, i" Pyester |
still insist’ that Morganaa will (ay that the collection at dhe suffrage |
but experienced tlood fighters to- | 248s ineeting on Saturday evening bollows |
hi were so sceptical that many men 198 the parade was $5075 Plaiges |
saying they would toil else- j she thought, would run this sum up ea
» but were unwilling to face certain about $2,500, Six persons cure in yester- |
pits day to make voluntary contributions |
Mrs O. Tf. P. Belmont was at the head- |
quarters of the Pelitieal hquality: Associa -
tion vesterday reading telegratras and |
letters of congratulation Mrs. Belmont |
was tnuch pleased with the big turnout vn |
Saturday and said the women could |
,do better next year if necessary. She |
said manv of her congratulatory letters |
were from prominent literary and pro- |
\feasional men, She would not give their
names, because she was not sure they
would like it.
Hoth women and men new to the cause
| came to the Equality Association rooms to
buy literature. Mrs. Belmont refused
‘to comment on the alleged inefficiency
,ot the police in handling the parade
crowds That was not her business, |
she said
There were different opinions on the |
i subject. Some of the women charged that
(it was almost impossible to march on |
j}account of the crowd that broke into;
the lines and others seemed to think the |
: order was remarkable. Both Mrs ‘Towns- |
rs io save human life, and only sand and Mira. Blateh aald the line of
vy for sleep and rest caused them | arch was better policed last year: |

work for the night, | ah wehey Lin’ wriltan, to. aot:
vrs brought in reports throughout | 4) ma ae Commissioner Waldo

f people mara ped in houses, | said last night she was not sure just what |
is one family was reacued boats | ation would te teken,
ter others and the launches were |
tothe fimit
tiation was received from Letts-
that fifty persons were crowded

of sickness ‘stable r dining

he style

From Saturdas'sn Collection

t} Torras crevasse treassier of the
hie oerra eVisse

r . jratte
AnIng

work

» Torras crevasse hos developed into
As a resuit of this break
vy tives probably have been lost,
‘property damage will run high
»the millions of dollars
t the exact of life has been is
and never will known,
number have perished is;
impossible to secure
Stories were told to-
a score or more of persons ,
drowned in the crevasse |
and inaccessible regions
nundated districts, but the locali-
© not reached by the rescue parties
rmation of the reports could not
tained,
mnotorboat fleet engaged in rescue
nis issmall and the boatmen were |
loisy that they did not have time
»the places where the loss of life
reported to have occurred to in-
vate. The boatmen worked from
t until far into the night in their |

loss
hown lve
t Jarge
n, but it is
esoor details
ehout
been

nremore

DOCTOR'S AUTO HIT BOY.

west of that place and yan in tt Told Lad He Was Unburt
i) imminent danger of being AnalLatt Him; i
{ The house had been washed i
Lodations and was floating around. An automobile passed through bast |
vere sent to the place, but they had Tenth street about 6 o'clock last night \
rhed at nightfall. end in front of 2'9, knocked over Samue
rier brought another message) Bressler, an eight-year-old boy. The}
core of persons were huddled to- man who drove the car picked Samuel up
» top of a barn several miles! and carried him up to the third floor where |
' Tatehelor, but there were not | his parents lived, The oniy one there
boats available to reach them! was Rosy, Samuel's ten-year-old sister, |
lurk ‘They were ringing bells| Rosy says that the man told her thet
‘ing to attract the attention of | he was a doctor, hed examined the boy
rt ies land found nothing was wrong with him
erty loss will reach enormous | ‘The man went away after first taking the
Hundreds have not only lost| name and address of the boy
bat thousands of farm When Samuels's parents came home
they called for an ambulance, 4 doctor
ive been drowned, from Bellevue found that the boy had
es in live stock alone will foot | Gontusions about the head and bruised
tul, nad the worst of it ia that

ry of destruction and disaster
con told. The crevasse water

}
}
i

ne house

legs. :
Koighbors who saw the accident gave
11919 as the number of the car that hit
ily 1 is inundating | Samuel. This car is held in the baine at
A TADMUP Sa M. Walker and Charles L. Hackstaf,
i) was thought were above both of 7 Kast Fifty-fourth street. The
oark, ‘Town after town and! former said that he was a doctor and
won have gone ander, had learned that the man who had had
fie te country dia- | hin car in the afternoon had bit a child
nie" Es ' 7 ous | Dut had not injured it. Dr Walker
ara of the moat seri | refused to give the name of the man who
Fhore are at least 1,000 lives! drove the oar, but said that he was a well
ihe country weal of Letts: | known physician in town and was well
ieohelor, and it is said there | aie to examine the nay.
ore in the section in the N WHIRKEY. |
The favorlic of ihe }
OY. Ade,

KDI vi
| A nt ood ran
| connolsseur, Luyties Bros.,

ved on Siath Page,

} 5: Charles, 3; Dorchester. 5; Harford, 4;

jindication of whom they are pledged to

jseven to vote
than in the preferential box is due to the |

j some whites voted only in the prefereatial |

' ballots

‘Clark has swept almost everything in|

‘here May 16

N, las much in need of her bounty as her
other brother and sister

Baltimore city, 2%; Calvert, 3; Carro

Howard, 3; Mont gomery.4; Prince Georges,
hs Queen Anne's, 3: St. Mary's, 3:
Woshington, 6 Total, 80.

For Wilson: Anne Arunde!, 5; Baltimore

tate to her son, Guy Witthaus, and gives |
articles of jewelry to his wife, Olga Witt- |
haus. She directs that all other jewelry

pcounty, 7; Caroline, 4; Cecil, 4; Frederick, | and other articles not mentioned in spe- |
| 6; Garrett

1; Kent, 3; Somerset, 4 Tal- | cific legacies be packed and put in a safe |
hot, t; Wicomico, 4. Total, 45 deposit box for twenty-one years, when |

Vor Harmon: Worcester, 4 it is to be divided equally among her

fu one district in Baltimore city while | Son's daughters. If the son has no daugh- |
Roosevelt got the preferential vote | ters at the end of that period the jewelry
four Taft delegates were elected to the | goes to lim,
State convention. These ave under the
law obligated to vote for Koosevelt | DUMA LEADER FIGHTS DUEL. |
delegates, but they may give the Taft Setbbilsheeteaal \
organization control of the State con-] Lete Police Colonel Shoot at
vention and lead to the selection of Then Fires Into the Afr.
delegates to the national convention ee 3 é |
who are friends of the President though Special Cable Despatch to THE Sux,
pledged to Roosevelt. These delegates
might vote for Roosevelt on one ballot
to fulfil the instruction and then switch
to Taft

The ballots contained the names of the
cumtidates for State convention dele~
gates in alphabetical order without any }

Sr.

Centrist party In the Duma, and a gen-
darmerie colonel were parties
to-day.

The.duel.was provoked beoM-Guch-
koff's criticism of the allezed proposal
of the Colonel to introduce secret police |
methods into the army and which, ac-
cording to report, were to be under the
Colonel's control The Colonel resented
the criticism and challenged the leader
toa duel, which was get for to-day.

The men faced each other and M.|
Guchkoff calmly awaited the Colonei's
first shot, which went wild. The Centrist
leader then fired his own gun Into the
alr, |

The seconds attempted to reconcile
the two men, but M. Guchkoff refused |
to shake hands. j

toa duel |

and unless the voter had informed bim-
self he has no means of knowing for which |
Roosevelt's smaller

vote for delesates
faet Chat @ great many negroes and even}
for|

box and inade no attempt to vote
delegates for feur of invalidating their

Wilson made a rather poor showing in
Baltimore city, where Mayor Preston has
linked his Vice-Presidential aspirations
with Clark’a ambition for first place.
The party lash has been applied quite
vigorously with the result of bringing out
a strong vote for the Speaker. Wilson,
however, carried Baltimore county and
most of the EFastern Shore counties

In Baltimore especially Col, Roosevelt's

asi KILL RENEGADES,
bid for the negro vote proved =

Attack Fellow Tribeamen Who En-
iat fm Torkish Gendarmerie.

Special Cable Despatch to TRE Sux,
Soutakt, Albanta, May 6.—Elghty of |
the Mirdite tribesmen broke their oath
of fidelity to the Albanian national cause |
und enlisted in the Turkish gendarme- |
rie, Thele action was resented by thelr)
fello wtribesmen and a thousand Alba- |
nians attacked them. i
The elghty Mirdites were reenforced
by a Turkish regiment of quick firers!
and a battle resulted. The fighting was
in progress for some time and many
were killed,

JAPANESE SHIP ASHORE.

Training Boat Carrying 160 Cadets
in Danger of Breaking Up.

and for the first tune in political history
here they deserted the organization in
great nucibers and voted almost to a man
for Roosevelt

The Taft men charge that the Roose-
veltiaus were far more abundantly sup-
plied with money,and this they declare was
the effective argument with the colored
brother. On the hast Side
velt developed unexpected strength

At the eleventh hour some excitement
was caused in the Democratic ranks by a
charge that Harmon was being used as a
stalking horse for Clark. On the ballots
Harmon's Name appeared among the
candidates for the preferential vote, but Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sum,

there ix Re list of delegates ' Tokio, May 6.-—-The Japanese training
Yesterday morning an advertisement (ship Tairei Maru with 160 cadets aboard
appeared in the papers signed by Charles (i. aground off Tateyama and is now in

P. Crane, one of the Harmon leaders, [a pad position. She is apt to break up.
urging voters to mark their ballots for —

Harmon and the Clark delegates The | There is a Japanese vessel named the

tuo, Roose-

Wilsonites denounced this as a trick to; Tairei Maru of 2,897 tons displacement !

give the Harmon votes to Clark. ‘To-day | belonging to the Nippon Yusen Kaisha,
the managers of the Harmon campaign |the Japanese steamship company, and
in an official statement declare that
Crane spoke only for himself and not for
the Harmon bureau. ‘They asked the
voters to merely mark the ballot for
Harmon

navy She is use! as an ice breaker

ELEVEN KILLED IN WRECK.

Tratnload of Confederate Veterans,
Golog to Reunton, Ditched.

Clark Wine in

Tenn,

Teunennee, |
Muy

NASTIVILLE, '- Chatap

HATTIESBURG, Miss., May 6.0 Vleven
persons went to instant death, half
dozen more were

. {that they will die,"forty sust ,
formation from over the three grand di- ; , le."forty sustained broken
bones, severe bruises or internal in-

f »$ igates that Ch 4 '
visions of the State indigate lat he can juries, and a like number were hurt slight -

» be apt yom organizing the + :

bere ? ’ meee ae a ae jl) or cut with broken glass when a special
. . M 5, ; ‘ ,

State con MI ) ttrain going from Dallas,

| Confederate reunion at Macon, Ga

the way of instructed votes in all of the at

counties reporting so far and the in-

Wilson Wine Sonth Carolina, 1 ond
Cotumaia, 3. C., May 6, With reports! was wrecked six miles north of here this
received from forty-three of forty-four | morning.
county conventions held to-day in South | ‘The locomotive pulling the train was on
Carolina the indications are that the sup- | her first trip asa Passenger engine, Aboard
porters of Ira B, Jones for Governor and | was a representative of the Baldwin Loco-
of Woodrow Wilson for President: will) motive Works, who escaped uninjured
control the State convention to be held | | Engineer Wo A. Wood of | Henderson,
Of 936 delegates Jones has | Tex., went to his death According to
a jstatements of the locomotive officials
287 ‘and the dying negro tireman, he looked
Congressman Underwood seems to have | jack just after his train had crossed the
mustered about ten votes ‘trestle over a small ravine, saw that a
e = coach had leaped the raila, and called to
the other two to jump ‘Then he shut his

Duke of Sutherland ts Mere,

Duke of Sutherland was a passer
geronthe Pring Friedrich Wilhelm, whiet
wot here late last nicht from Hroemen, |
Southhampton and Cherbourg, The Duke
was to have come on the Olympte, but
the strike Wouldn't tet him. fle was ac.
companied by Abe and) Mas BG) (hap
lain The party if solnk to Canada
on #« pleasure trip

Tine and closed his eyes. His body was dug
from the wreckage |
Other dead are: J. 8. Downing, presi-
dent of the Downing Locomotive Draft
Appliance Company, Atlanta, Ga.; Mrs, |
do, Cameron, Henderson, 'Tex.; Mrs. |
Charles Homes, Big Spring, Tex ; two!
Hitthe girks, 3 and 5 years of age, two un- |
identified machinists, and three bodies
till under wreck to-night probably Con- |

federate veterans.

DEWENV'S PURE GRAPE JLICK Oa ae a
Purifies the — blood A delicous beverage |
Ho, DEWEY & SONS CO) 1 bulton St, Noy. 4 it on want a tone, try
Ade.

, seers

which in this case may take the form

registered as an auxiliary steamer of the!

injured 80 seriously |

Tex., to the |

| crowded with veterans and their families ,

ANGOSETUBA office, 105 Vitth Ave, Tel. 0057
nothing better, Ade, ) ade

dashed into the mess hall, and, calling the !
cadets to attention, demanded to know

heard and which had angered him. It
is said that for a few minutes one could
have heard a pin drop in the diningroom. |
but no one volunteered any explanation
Each of the tables in the mess is in
charge of a first class man, and Cadet |
Crawford, who has charge of one near a |
window, was then asked by thg General |

the remark, and the cadet is said to have
replied
“General, I believe in justice, which
you always cal! for, but I cannot con-
scientiously inform you who shouted |
from the window.” |
The General then hei the entire corps

and then dismissed them. It is said the |
first clasaman probably will be “skinned”
for his failure to give the desired in-

| formatiote— '

“Skinning” in the vernacular of the |

cadet corps is equivalent to punishment, |

of demerits or compelling the cadet to!

walk under arms in the area of the bar- |
racks during hours off duty or it may go |
so far as to deprive him of all privileges
until graduation in June.

Not since the time when the sunset gun
was taken from the plains, hoisted on
the roof of the barracks and discharged
at midnight has there been such an inci-
dent. At that time the cadet corpe, which
was then only about half as large as
it is now, was routed out of bed in the

j middle of a cold night in January, placed |

under arms in the barracks yard and the

names of the offending cadets, but the
cadets never gave the names, and it was

| only years after at a class reunion that the |

true story of the firing of the sunset gun |
from the roof of the barracks was brought
out. The guilty men were members of
the firat clase.

It may be that the one who committed
the offence on Saturday was a first clase
man, in which cuse it is not surprising
that Cadet Crawford was loyal to him,
for the esprit du corps at West Point
does not permit of “squealing,” as the

; cadets term it
| Following in rapid succession, as they

have, the series of troubles in which the
cadets have been in the last week at
Highland Falls has doubtless led Gen,
Barry to conclude that there is no use of
trying to be lenient with the offending
_ones in the corps and the better way is

(to make an example of them and bring

about the observance of discipline.

| Gen. Barry has the reputation of beng
a strict disciplinarian and he has tried to
} enforce to the letter the regulations that
; bave been furnished by the War Depart-
ment for the government of the corps.
; While desirous of being fair and im-
partial, he has likewise been disposed to
be strict

In his endeavor he has the support and
indorsement of the greater part of those
who have been thrown in contact with
the men, although there are some at the
academy who think he is more severe
; than necessity calis for. They hold that
' boyish pranks should be overlooked, and
| that it is a knowledge the cadets have
ithat they are annoying him which has
! brought about half the trouble,

The General does not respond to a desire
for a public hearing of his side of the
case and while§quiet at the present time
j}may have some plan under way for the
{solution of a problem that has balked all
' who have preceded him in the office of
superintendent

One thing is certain, Gen. Barry has
had more trouble on his hands during the
short time he has been in command of
the Military Academy than the average
commander runs up against during the
four years term for which he is assigned

to duty there

Loses Eve Playing Golf,

Mounr VERNON, Mey 6. John F,
Whalen, an officer of the United Cigar
Stores Company, who lives on Park ave- |

the result of being struck by a golf ball!
this afternoon on the links of the Siwanoy
Country Club. The ball, which was driven
by Mr. Whalen, struck a tree and re-
bounded, splitting the eyeball. Dr, Na-
thaniel H. Ives said that the injured eye
would have to be removed,

THE GRISWOLD, NEW LONDON, (cr.
Open June 4. H. D, Saxton, Mgr. New York
adison Sq,

Eugenie keeps in touch with the cur-
rent affairs of the world and devotes
much time to the best literature of the

The testator leaves her residuary es- | who had made the remark he had over- day.

ERIE CANAL OPENS MAY 15.

Superintendent Peck Anneutbces
Everything In im Readiness.
ALBANY, May 6.--After an inspection

of the Erie Canal from Lockport ‘to Albany
State Superintendent of Public Works

if he could inform him who had made | peck announced to-day that everything

would be in readiness for the opening
of the canal system for navigation by
May 15.
He will inspect the Champlain Canal
next week, commencing on Wednesday.
The canals in the western district of
the State, so Superintendent Peck de-

PETERSBURG, May 6.—Alexander | of cadets in the meses for an extra half | clared, were still in a threatening oondi-
Guchkoff, the well known leader of the| hour in a vain ettempt to find the culprit | tion, owing to the cuts made through the

banks by the new Barge canal contrac-
tors.

KINDNESS WINS GIRL $15,000.

Hetired Merchant Remembers Gov-
ernment Employee in Will,

WasHINGTON, May 6,—-Because she
had been kind to an aged man Miss
Gladys Reinhardt, 20 years of age, em-
ployed in the Government Printing
Office, receives $16,000 in cash under
the will of James Ray, a retired mer-
chant, which was filed for probate here
to-day. Ray committeed suicide By tak-
ing poison last Wednesday.

Miss Reinhardt was formerly em-
ployed as an operator by the local tele-
phone company.

‘men kept there all night to secure the} T, R. AND TAFT SHOCK BRYAN.

Telle Pittabarg Preachera They
Aren't Active as the Devil,

Pittsavrc, May 6.—Willlam Jennings
Bryan addressed the Presbyterian Min-
isterlal Association at the First Church
to-day, and among other things de-
plored the backbiting between President
Taft and Col. Roosevelt. He also took a
filng at the ministers, as follows:

“The church is not as active as the
devil is in trying to reach the people.”

Mr. Bryan prefaced his remarks by
saying that he had Hstened to ministers
for fifty-two years and he thought it
was now time that he talk back to
them.

He said he had often been tempted to
preach and that if he should ever yield
to the temptation he would use for his
text, “If a man loveth God and hateth
his brother he is a liar.” He said:

“Il am a very conservative man, and
it shocks me to hear Taft and Roosevelt
talking about each other.” He closed
by asserting that what the world needs
to-day is Christianity applied.

Col. Bryan told the ministers that he
was interested in the Government,
meaning by this politics and that he ex.
pected to continue to be.

OSCAR NOT A LEGION OFFICER.
Grand Chesaalian in Parts Denies

His Right te Wear Rosette.

Special Cable Despatch to THE Sux,

Paris, May 6.—The Grand Chancellor
of the Legion of Honor in replying to
Thre SUN correspondent’s questions
writes that Oscar Hammerstein's name
is not enrolled in the chancellory. He
declares that he was hitherto not aware
that the operatic manager wore an offi-
cer's decoration of the Legion.

The reply sent from the Grand Chan-
cellor has to do with the fact that Oscar
Hammerstein wore the rosette of the
Legion of Honor while receiving King
George at a charity matinee at his
opera house. Oscar then declared that
he certainly was entitled to the decora-
tlon and stated that he received It prop-
erly. The Paris Gil Blag looked askance
upon his claim, however.

eee ’

——-—-

FARLEY, STRIKE BREAKER, ILL.

throttle, threw on the emergency brakes nue, Chester Hill, will lose his left eye as| Pittle Hope for Recovery ef the

Noted Labor Werker.

Piatrapura, N. Y., May 6.--James
Farley, the strike breaker, is seriously
ill, with virtually no hope of recovery,

He has ordered his string of race
horses, including Prince (., 2:11'¢; Locust
Jack, 2:06; Hex McKinney and eight
other fast ones, sold at auction on May 25.

we Sonat .

w
The Mount Pleasant, T Mount
‘el, 4708

Bretton Tignes | nt th
Dooking OMce 1180 b' way.

4

oo ee

PRICE TWO CENTS.

ASTOR MILLIONS

GO 10 HIS SON

Widow to Have Income of
$5,000,000 If She
Stays Single.

$5,000,000 TO DAUGHTER

And $3,000,000 to Any Other
Child Who May Sur-
vive Him.

LITTLE TO CHARITY

‘

No Mention Made in the
Document of the
First Wife.

BEQUESTS TO FRIENDS

Gifts, Except to Immediate

Family, Only Total
$175,000.

—s

The will of John Jacob Astor, disposing
of an estate valued roughly at $100,000,000,
was summarized yesterday by Lewis Cassa
Ledyard, the lawyer who drew it. Mr.
Astor, following the example of his father
and grandfather, left the estate almost
intact to his son, William Vincent Astor,
who is not yet 21 years old. Not much
more than $8,000,000 can in any event be
diverted from the main Astor line.

To Mrs. Madeleine Force Astor he gave
outright $100,000. Aside from this he
bequeathed to her the income from a
trust fund of $5,000,000 and the use during
her life of the house at 840 Fifth avenue
and its contents. She loses both in case
she marries again. Mrs. Ava Willing
Astor, his firet wife, he did not mention.

He gave $5,000,000 in trust for her daugh-
ter, Ava Alice Muriel Astor, who is about
10 years old, which becomes hers abso-
lutely upon her reaching her majority.

A fund of $3,000,000 was also set aside

Ifor “each child who shall survive the
testator” besides the two by his first mar-
riage. A child of the second marriage is
expected.

Few General Bequests.

Mr. Astor's general bequests amounted
to about $175,000. Of this sum $100,000
went to friends, four of whom had served
as trustees of the Astor estate. He gave
$45,000 to three men who had served hia
in various capacities. The only bequest
which could be construed as serving a
public purpose was a legacy of $30,000
to St. Paul's School. He provided also
for the continuance of the Astor cups,
annual trophies of the New York Yach‘
Club.

He was careful to insure the integrity
of his bequests to his beneficiaries by
providing that inheritance and transfer
taxes be paid by the estate and not by
the recipient.

William Vincent Astor was made resid-
uary legatee, and through him the in-
tegrity of the Astor estate will be main-
tained, according to the custom pursued
by the Astor family through a number
of generations. He receives outright
specific bequests, however, among them
the lands and persona! property at Rhine-
beck, some of which John Jacob Astor

j did not own of his own right, but over
which he had power of disposition by will,
and such other property there as Mr.
Astor had accumulated during his life
and owned absolutely. He also gets out-
right the house and land at Newport.

This summary of the provisions of ths
will was given out at Lewis Cass Ledyard’s
er
settlements made certain provision for
hia wife, Madeleine Talmage Force Astor,

| he leaves to her a trust fund of $5,000,000,

jehe to receive the income of such fund

‘for so long during her natura! life as she

} shall remain his widow, and upon the

: death of his widow, or in case of her re-
marriage, then upon such remarriage

; the capital of this fund goes to Willam

| Vincent Astor.

| “4. T@hin widow, Madeleine Talmage

| YOR NERVOUS DINORDERS. insomnia,
mental exhaustion and leassitude take Horsfora'@!

Act einen ! BEFVes ANd OMB.

=

The Will's Provisions,

“The will of John Jacob Astor disposes
of all the property owned by him in his
own right at the time of his death as well
as all property of every kind and desorip-
tion over which he had any power of testa-
mentary disposition or appointment,

“The effective provisions of the will are
as follows:

“1. To his son, William Vinoent Astor,
outright the following property:

“a. All the lands and persona! property
at Rhinebeck over which the testator was
given a power of appointment by his
father's will.

“hb, All the lands and personal property
at Rhinebeck which belonged to him
absolutely at the time of his death.

“ce, The house and grounds at Newport,
R. I, with all personal property therein
over which he had a power of appoint-
ment under his father's will.

“d, All the pictures and statuary left to
him for life by his father's will with power
of appointment.

“e. All his jewelry, wearing apparel,
personal effects, yachte and boats.

“2. To his widow, Madeleine ‘Talmage
Force Astor, the town house and stabie
at the corner of Fifth avenue and Sixty-
fifth street, being 126 feet in width on
Fifth avenue and 150 feet in length ow
Sixty-fifth street, together with the printed
books, paintings, pictures, engravings,
marbles, bronzes, statuary and objecta of
art, plate and silver plated ware, linen,
china, glass, household effects useful
and ornamental therein contained and
not hereinabove otherwise disposed of,
to have and to hold the same for so long
during her life as she shall remain his
widow, and upon her death or remar-
riage all this property is bequeathed to
the testator’s son, William Vincent Astor,

“3. Having by certain antenuptial

: por ®
‘ 8
é

‘

\
\

\