eat 3

*
gk
af

 

VOL, LXXIL—NO, 212,

SRR

ROOSEVELT UMPIRE

Russia Sald to Be Ready to
Accept Him as Mediator,

FIGHTING TO END SOON.

 

St. Petersburg Report That Nego-
tiations Have Already Begun.

 

Lomion “Times” Hears That Rarsia Has
Communicated to France the Negative
Terms on Which She Will Cease Fight-
ing-—May Counterbalance Refusal te
Pay Indemnity by Offer of Part of
Baghalien Island—Choice of Ameri-
ean President as Arbdlirator Re- |
carded as Wise Move—Japan's De-
mands Expected to Be Moderate
~ France Alding in the Work for Peace.

—a- Sn

Special Cable Despatch to TuB Sum.

Lonpow, March $1.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Times says that he has |
recefved information from an unimpeach- |
able source that Russia and Japan have
selected President Roosevelt as mediator,
Negotiations are already in progress and a
suspension of hostilities ts expected shortly,

The Russian Government's denial of the
reports that it had formulated the condi -
tions on which peace might be concluded
was literally and technically true, but
there is the best authority for asserting that
Russia stated the conditions she could not
accept, namely, the payment of an indem-
nity and the cession of territory.

Count Lamsdorff, Minister of Foreign
Affairs, communicated what may be called
Russia's negative proposals to the French
Government a day or twoago, To France,
indeed, belongs the credit of prompting
ber ally to enter upon negotiations, and
there is no denying the powerfu! influence
af the peace campaign opened by the French
press following the failure of the Russian
loan in France.

Diplomatic circles express the greatest
praise of Count Lamsdorff's astuteness fn |
opening the negotiations with a statement
of negative conditions, as he thereby re-
serves a field for compromise.

a cc SS

 

 
 
 

| as being young and beautiful.

a

 

SOUGHT TO KILL GEN. TREPOFF.

Ten Arrests Made by Special Poltoe-Two
Women Prisoners.
Spectal Cable Despatches to Tua Sen.

St. Pererssuno, March 30.—A detective
noticed a man to-day loitering nervously
and restlessly in the neighborhood of the
house of Governor General Trepoff. The
officer approached the loiterer, whereupon
the latter fled after firing a shot from a
revolver at the detective, who was slightly
wounded.

The man was subsequently arrested.
He refuses to give his name, but admite
that he planned to kill Gen. Trepoff.

LonbDoN, March 31.—A despatch to the
Daily Mail from St. Petersburg says that
ten arrests which have been made by Gen.
Trepoft's special police are officially re-
garded as of the greatest importance. It
is believed that the prisoners include some
of the chiefs of the Terrorist organization.

Evea greater importance is attached
to the discovery of documents belonging
to the prisoners, which it is believed will
enable the Government to deal a most effec-
tive blow upon the Terrorists. The prin-
cipal prisoner is named Zavitaky.

It is alleged that he is educated and
wealthy. He is known to be a violent
revolutionist and one of the directors of
the bomb campaign. He recently arrived
from abroad with a false passport, as did
also the other persons in custody. Two
of them are women. One is the well known
Mme, Ivanovskaia, © years old, who had
been vainly sought since the assassination
of Czar Alexander.

The other woman prisoner is described
She is a
daughter of Gen. Loontieva, ex-Governor of
Poland and Poltava. Two of the male
prisoners were disguised as cabmen. They
had been watching the movements of
Governor Genera) Trepoff, Grand Duke
Vladimir and M. Boulyguine, Minister of
the Interior.

WILD RUMORS ABOUT OZAR,

Paris Hears That He Tried Suicide—Story
of Attempt te Kill Him.
Spectal Cable Despatches © Tum Scum

Lonpon, March 30.—The Paris oor
respondent of Dalziel's News Agency is
the sole authority for a story that the Czar
recently attempted to commit suicide and
that his mother, the Dowager Empress,
prevented him from doing so, with the
result that te Czar received only a wound
in his left hand. The report has caused
a sensation in Paris, but may be dismissed
without serious attention. Only one even-
ing paper here deems it worthy of publica-
tioa,

Panis, March 80.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Associated Press says
that the reported attempt at suicide by the
Czar was really an attempt to assassinate
the Caar by somebody in the palace at
Tzarskoe-Selo,

Prince Henry to Visit Rossian Court,
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tam Sum,
Berury, March 380.—Prince Henry of
Prussia, the Emperor’s brother, will start

 

 

+NEW
|RQUITABLE PAID FOR DINNER |

"

 

TO FRENCH AMBASSADOR, BUT

MR. HYDE REFUNDED.

 

Is Said, Although Objeot Was te Avert
Hostile Legislation in France—-Depew
Says Gociety Is Wisely Managed.

A man close to the James Hazen Hyde
intereste in the Equitable controversy
admitted yesterday that Mr. Hyde had |
paid the expenses of the dinner given by |
him in November, 1902, to M, Jules Cambon, |
the French Ambassador, from the funds |
of the society, of which he is the vice-presi-
dent and the controlling stockholder.

This accusation in regard to the Cambon
dinner is one of those made against Mr.
Hyde in the petition filed by Senator Edgar
T. Brackett with the Superintendent of
Insurance in Albany, in which it is sought
to have Mr. Hyde removed from office,
along with Jacob H. Schiff, a director of
the society.

The man who made this statement added,
however, that the money had been re-
funded to the society by Mr. Hyde. This
was done, it was said, by direction of the
Superintendent of Insurance, soon after

' the regular examination of the society's
| books by representatives from the Super-
sted office, The expenditure was

|
; of Insnrance Wouldn't Have It, it
|

justified as a society expenditure, in the
| opinion of the man who toldaboutit. There
| was pending in France at the time of the
| dinner, he said, legislation which, if carried,
| would bave been most prejudicial to the
Equitable society. At the dinner in honor
of M. Cambon many nice things were said
about France and the French people, and
the proposed legislation was not enacted.
The Equitable society had profited by
the dinner, and it was no more than right

 

that the expenses should be paid from the

funds of the society.

The cost of the dinner, at the time when
it was given, was estimated at §30,000, It
was in the grand ballroom at Sherry’s.
More than 250 persons attended, and they
eat at “tables decked with pink orchids

| and American Beauty roses, blooming amid
a bedding of Virginia creeper and the red
and yellow leaves of autumn.”

Some persons who heard of this yes-
terday expressed the opinion that how-
ever much the dinner might speak for Mr.
Hyde's business ability, it would not, in
view of theexplanation, bean entirely pleas-
ant memory for M. Cambon.

| Mr. Hyde, personally, and bis counsel,

| remained silent yesterday regarding all the

| acousations, declaring that they would pe

| answered satisfactorily at a proper time.

| Jt was intimated in some quarters yes-

| terday that the policyholders’ committee,
of which John D. Crimmins is chairman,
bad in its possession more information

petition than is generally known. Mr. Crim-
mins when questioned in regard to the ac-
cusation that Mr. Hyde had paid the ex-

For instance, should the Japanese insist | on a visit to the Russian court on April 1. | penaes of the Cambon dinner from the

wpon an indemnity Russia would be able
to offer to retrocede the southern portion
of the Island of Saghalien. It is believed

that Russia is preparing to draft troops to

the Siberian frontier and to keep Admiral | managed the issuance of the Japanese |

Rojestvensky cruising in Eastern waters |
as a demonstration of her readiness and |
ability to prolong the campaign.
The selection of President Roosevelt as
mediator, which was due to Japanese initia-

He is to return April 10.

Jap Loan Nine Times Oversubeoribed,
Special Cadle Despatch to Tus Sux.
Loxpow, March 80.—The banks which

loan estimate that it was subscribed nine
times over yesterday.

 

Bombs In St. Petersburg Hetel.
Special Cable Despetch t Tam Sun.
Sr. Petrerssunc, March 8.—A man

| funds of the society sald:

| I am eure that Mr. Hyde paid for that
| himself. If any of the funds of the society
were used they were refunded by Mr.
Hyde.”

Mr. Crimmins also said that he could
| easily imagine circumstances in which
the paying of the expenses of a dinner
| like the Cambon dinner by a life insurance

company would be a legitimate expen-
| diture.
| Speaking of the costume ball given re-

tive, fs regarded in St. Petersburg as | ¥@* arrested to-day at the Hotel Palais | cently by Mr. Hyde, Mr. Crimmins said

evidence of excellent discrimination. The |

Royal, and bombs were found in bis rooms.

 

| that he undergtood that Mr. Hyde had
denied that be paid for thia with the so-

Japancee will thereby seoure a firm friend, | FIGHT FOR FREE BREADIN SPAIN, | cigty's money.

who, at the same time, will make it a point |
of honor to bring the negotiations to a |
‘ul close, and who therefore would |
not have been likely to have accepted the
difficult post of mediator if the Japanese |
intended to present exorbitant demands. |
The correspondent adds, however, that |

eere

Great Suffering tn Andalusia—Mob Cries
to Mayor for Work
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tum SUm.
MaDR1, March 30.—The newspapers state
that the distress in Andalusia continually
increases. Thousands of persons are in a
famishing condition and are unable to help
themselves. The authorities at Antequera,

it would be presumptuous to expect the | twenty-eight miles northwest of Malaga, |
carly conclusion of @ treaty. It is the | began the distribution of bread to the starve |
opimion of the highest and most influential ing residents, whereupon the populace |

Russians that;the question of peace ts | raided the wagons and wolfishly seized the |
altogether dependent upon internal con- bread they +were carrying. Much of the |

| all stay and there would be the biggest

“I believe,” said Mr. Crimmins, “that Mr.
| Hyde is thoroughly honest. The best
| proof of this is in the fact that the funds

of the society have not been diverted to
interests inimical to the society and that
| they have increased enormously year by
| year.”
| Senator Depew sald yesterday:

*I will not reply to any charges that have |
been directed personally against members
of the board. If I thought those charges
were true I would not stay in the board }
twelve hours, and neither would the other |

directors. No,I won't say that. We would

 

i

|
regarding the charges made in the Brackett

ditions. If the unrest grows peace wil] | £00d was wasted by this action and hundreds |

be hastened,
If, contrary to expectation, the dis-
orders subside the negotiations at Wash-
ington are likely to be retarded. If, again,
the Japanese demands prove incompatible
with dyhastio considerations the Govern-
ment will resort to a national assembly to
decide the question of peace or war. |
It is rumored that a manifesto conven- |
ing the Zemski Sobor will be issued on |
April 7. |
JAPS FIGHT THEIR WAY NORTH,

Russians Gaid to Have Abandoned the
Guntza Pass.
Spectal Cadle Despatches to Tum SUN.

Tox1o, March 80.—Nothing has occurred |
here to indicate the possibility of peace. |
The Minister of War and the Ministry of
Marine continue their activities as if pre-
paring for war for years.

New levies are being constantly sent to |
the front.

It is officially atated that fighting columns
ere following the Ruasians northward.
Interest here in the campaign is being |
partly transferred to the eastward. It |

 

 

is reported that the Russians are preparing | municipal bakeries to reduce the high | *”
to abandon the Island of Saghalien when price of bread, and will facilitate the dis- |
tribution of relief in the famine affeoted {

ite waters are free of ice.

The latest seizure made by the Japanese |
cruisers is that of the British steamship |
Industry, on its way to Vladivostok with |
contraband.

Pants, March 80.—A despatch from 8t.
Petersburg says that the Japanese have
cut the railroad between Harbin and Viadi- |
vostok. They have sent the Russian siege |
guns which were captured at Port Arthur
in the direction of Viadivoetok.

The Russians, after a severe fight, have |
evacuated Guntzu Pass, which is about 130 |
miles south of Harbin.

St. Perenssvnc, March 80.—Japanese
proclamations have reached Harbin, an-
nouncing that the Japanese intend to
occupy Harbin about the middle of April.

Gen. Linievitch has issued an address |
to the army in Manchuria announcing
his appointment as commander-in-chief,
recounting the brave deeds of the soldiers
in past battles, and concluding:

*The enemy cannot hold out before Rus-
sian valor. Reenforcements are coming
unceasingly from Russia. God help you
in the coming battle.”

 

THE SUN NEVER SETS
Cotewe. the world’s skin cure. It circles th
peoples in ell climes use It.—Ags

were unable to obtain any at all.

There were similar occurrences at Coin,
a town twenty-one miles west of Malaga,,
which led to riota. The starving people at
Campillos, thirty-three miles northwest
of Malaga, raided stores and stole all
kinds of victuals. The inhabitants of
Trebujena, a village with a population of
about 3,000, twenty-six miles northeast
of Cadiz, are starving, and their misery
cannot be relievod.

The failure of tbe relief measures at
Jerez ds la Frontera has caused serious
conflicts, the conditions resembling a re-
volt against the authorities, Four hun-
dred residents of Cordova

ched to
the Mayor’s house and asked fe work. |

On being told that there was no work to

give, the spokesman of the crowd demanded |

that the Mayor divide his money and be-
longings with them, as they were tired of
starvation.

A company of the Civil Guard was burried
to protect the Mayor, but the situation

in the town is threatening. Religious |
| processions are being held in many towns |

imploring for rain, but none has fallen since
the winter frosts began. Large ereas
are without crops.

The Government at Madrid {s establishing

districta.
AIMED AT EQUITABLE LIFE,

 

 

Senator Brackett Offers a Bill Repealing

Section 53 of the Insurance Law.

ALpany, March 30.—Senator Brackett
continued his fight against the EBuuitable
Life Assurance Society to-day by intro-
ducing a bill which repeals section 63 of the
insurance law. This section reads as fol-
lows: “No order, judgment or decree
providing for an accounting or enjoining
restraining or interfering with the prose-
cution of the business of any domestic in-
surance corporation, or appointing a tem-
porary or permanent receiver thereof,
shall be made or granted otherwise than
upon the application of the Attorney-
General, on his own motion or after his
approval of a request in writing therefor
of the Superintendent of Insurance, ex-
cept in action by a judgment creditor or

| in proceedings supplementary to execu-

tion.”

Senator Brackett made arrangements
with Senator Ambler, chairman of the
Senate Insurance Committee, for a hear-
ing on the bill next Wednesday.

sort of a house cleaning.

“The charges that the funds of the society |
| have been speculated with and that the
| officers and’ directors have benefited by the |
| profits of the society are false. The affairs |

* af the society are conducted competently, |

| ably and judiciously, and it is as sound as
| any savings bank in the country—more so
than most of them.”

‘The Crimmins committees held a long
meeting yesterday afternoon, and after it |
had broken up it became known that a
difference of opinion had sprung up among

| the members as to the demands that should
| be made for mutualization. It is pretty
| certain that the Hyde interests have offered
, further concessions, some say thirty-three
| directors of the fifty-two to be elected
by the policyholders.

Some members of the committee, it is
understood, were in favor of insisting upon
the immediate mutualization of the board |
upon this basis, while others believed it |
would be better to demand a board com-
posed entirely of policyholders’ directors
; and to concede a longer time for effecting |
| thechange. The arguments in the meeting,

it was reported, were quite heated at times, |

but it was denied afterward that there was
y serious misunderstanding.
Another meeting of the committee was
held at 8:30 o'clock in the evening in Mr.
Crimmins's house at 40 East Sixty-eighth
atreet. Besides Mr. Crimmins, there were
at the meeting Frank Platt, Henry Mor-
genthan, E. W. Bloomingdale, Charles
| Bulkley Hubbell and two others. When
| the members came out of the house, Mr.

| Platt said to the newspaper men:
|

'

 

“We have no announcement to make |
| to-night except that the meeting was en- |
tirely harmonious and the committee is |
unanimous fn its opinion of what ought

be done.”
w

 

See

Another meeting of the committee, it
said, would be held this morning,
and it is expected that the latest demands |
of the committee wil) be made public at
that time.

It was reported frequently during the
day that Superintendent of Insurance
Francis Hendricks had arrived in town
| and was in conference with Mr. Hyde and
| others representing his interests. Mem-
| bers of the Crimmins committee denied last
| night, though, that the superintendent
| had arrived in the city yet. He was ex-
pected to-day, they said.
| After the conference there was a stil!

later conference at the house of Bainbridge

 

}.

{
Colby, President Alexander's lawyer. |

K\Wi7

rd

*

 

 

BIG PACKER INDICTED.
Trae BU Against President of One Com-
pany fer Influencing Witnesses.

Cnricaco, Maroh 90.—A true bill was

voted by the Federal Grand Jury Tuesday |

against the president of one of the ‘Big
Five” packing companies lt was not re-
turned in court.

This fact, which leaked out to-day despite
all precautions for secrecy, is a forerunner
of conspi 3 against actual
heads of the big jacking companies in
connection with the alleged tampering with
Beef Trust witnesses. The true bill was
not returned at the eame time the indict-
ment against Thomas J. Connors was, be-
cause the jury had been advised that euch

| an act might arouse the publio to the belief
that the packers were being persecuted, |

and the Connors bill was sufficient to show
that the Grand Jury was in earnest.

With two witnesses on the stand yester-
day who admitted that they had been ap-
proached with suggestions that their testi-
mony be mild, the officials and jury are
getting ready for drastio action,

“We will shut off this meddling with
witnesses,” said Assistant Attorney-General
Oliver Pagin, ‘and if deemed advisable
or necessary in the judgment of the Grand
Jury, proceedings under the conspiracy
statute are likely. At any rate, the Govern-
ment will effectually clear away any inter-
ference offered from any quarter to the
procedure of the Grand Jury in short
order.”

The belief that Assistant Attorney-Gen-
eral Pagin is drawing up indictments
against other packers was strengthened
to-day by the frequent consultations he
had with District Attorney Morrison and
Assistant District Attorneys Goodman and
Childs. In one consultation Capt, Porter
of the Secret Service Bureau was called in.

About twelve out of town witnesses
finished their testimony at to-day's session.
Lieyd ©, Curtis, employed by T, D. Baker
& Co, of Boston, testified that the price of
meat sold by the packing companies in
Boston to the retailers was exactly the
same at all times.

 

SET AWOMAN TO CATCH AWOMAN

One Sprinkles Flour and the Other Steps
in It—Story of a Woman Burglar.

For several weeks there have been many
small robberies in the little grocery at 161
Pearsall street, Long Island City. Canned
goods kept disappearing, and one morning
it was found that $5 had been taken from
the cash register. There was no clue te
the robber. Mrs. William Huber, a widow,
who owned the store, kept watch all night
for three nights, but saw nothing of a thief.
The night after that the store was robbed
again.

Mrs. Huber is something of a detective,
and one night last week she covered the
floor of the store with flour. In the morn-
ing she found that the thief had entered

and departed through a side door and that |

a trail of white footprints led toward the
rear of the building, where Joseph Bauer, a
driver, and his wife lived.

Mre. Huber then told District Attorney
Gregg what was going on and Detective
Thomas Rigney of the District Attorney's
staff hid in the store on Wednosday night.
He had a lonesome wait. No burglar ap-
peared, and at about 6 o'clock yesterday
morning he was about to give up when a
key turned in the lock on the side door and
a young woman entered. Rigney arrested
her. She proved to be Mrs. Bauer, and she
told the detective that her husband didn't
know what she had done, She is only 21
years old.

She was arraigned before Magistrate
Smith on a charge of burglary in the second
degree and was held for further examina-
tion next Tuesday. Detective Rigney de-
clared in court that the woman admitted
to him that she had entered the store be-
fore.

WARSHIP

 

SENT TO HAYTI,

Minister Powell Says a Revolt Is Imminent,
but the Haytian Minister Denies It,

WasnhINGTON, March 80.—Whether or
not there is, or is to be, a revolution in Hayti
is puzzling officers of the State Department,
who in twenty-four hours have it from
Minister Powell that there is to be a dan-
gerous outbreak and then from Mr, Leger,
the Haytian Minister, that there is calm
and tranquillity prevailing throughout the
Black Republic. At all events, American
interests in Hayti are to be protected,
whether there is need of protection or not.

The cruiser Brooklyn has been ordered to |

proceed as quickly as possible to Port Au
Prince, the capital of the republic. This

| was done on the advices from Minister |

Powell, who said that there would be trouble,
especially to-morrow and Saturday.

Rear Admiral Sigsbee was at Guantanamo
when the advices reached the State Depart-
ment, and the Navy Department shortly
afterward telegraphed Sigsbee orders to
go to Hayti, but before these reached the
Cuban port Rear Admiral Sigsbee had gone
to Monte Christi. The cruiser Brooklyn
was en route yesterday from Pensacola to
Guantanamo. Orders were accordingly
sent to the Brooklyn to proceed directly
to Hayti, and the vessel is undoubtedly on
the way.

Minister Leger’s telegram from his Gov-
ernment was very positive in saying that
there was no trouble and that none was
expected. Further details from Minister
Powell are awaited, although the State
Department has not asked for them.

CROWDED CARS COLLIDE.

 

Three Women Hurt and Many Badly Shaken
Up on S4th Street Crosstown Line.

When the crowds were hurrying to the
ferries late yesterday afternoon there was a
rear end collision between two westbound
Thirty-fourth street cars near Eighth
avenuc. Two cars full of people were badly
shaken up and several were severely
injured.

The first car, in charge of Motorman
Thomas Bigan, had stopped at the Eighth
avenue crossing to let off passengers, and
while those who wished to alight were
crowding the rear platform, a oar of the
same line following close behind, in charge
of Motorman Walsh, failed to respond to
the brakefand struck the first car with great
force. The rear platform of the firat car
was crumpled up and most of the windows
were amashed. The wounded were carried
to a nearby drug store and attended by
Dr. Dingman of Roosevelt Hospital.

The most seriously hurt were:

Mary Turner, 50 years oid, of 617 West
Fourth street, hands cut by flying glass:
Mre. James Kelly, 50 years old, of 725 Eignth
avenue, cut on forehead and arms, and Laura

oney, 47 yeare old, of 17 Hamilton place,

ereey City, contusions of back and shock

Ali refused to go to the hospital.

 
  

‘CONSOLIDATED OWNS "EM ALL.

/TELLS ITS SHAREHOLDINGS IN
VARIOUS LIGHT COMPANIES.

 

 

Rook Value of Such Assets Is 656,276,000
~Company's Total Assets 6123,-
000,000, Including 88,000,000 In
Government Bonds—OMctals Testify.

The principal thing discovered at the
City Hall yesterday by the gas inves-
| tigating committee (most of ite mem-
| bers do not live in this city) wae that
the Consolidated Gas Company is a
very rich corporation and that it con-
| trols absolutely the lighting business,
both gas and electric, in Manhattan and
The Bronx. This was cheerfully admitted
by the witnesses examined at the first
public session of the investigation by the
chief inquisitor, Charles E. Hughes, and
might have been discovered, at less oost,
in “Moody's Manual." The most sacred
records of the company, which are oon-
tained in books whose contents are shielded
from casual scrutiny by patent looks and
heavy brass clasps, were thrown open to
the inspection of the committee, and the
figures therefrom pertaining to the invest-
ments and other aasets of the corporation
were spread upon the record.
| When Dr. James A. Bennett, the treas-
urer, was first asked to give the exact num-
| ber of shares of stock owned by the Con-
solidated in the various constituent com-
panies, Charles F. Mathewson, counsel for
the Consolidated, made a mild protest.
} He said that the Consolidated was willing
to admit, for instance, the ownership of
more than a majority of the stock of the
New Amsterdam Company, but for busi-
fess reasons did not wish to give publicly
the exact number of shares. He offered
to give the information privately to the oom-
mittee, but Mr. Hughes was not satisfied
to receive it in that manner, and Mr. Ben-
nett was ordered to produce the stock ledger
and list of seourities.

With these books to refresh his memory
Mr. Bennett told of the exact holdings of
the Consolidated in the lighting companies

| of the old city of New York, including the
New Amsterdam Gas Company, the Cen-
| tral Union Gas Company, the Northern
| Union Gas Company, the East River, the
|
{
!
}

Mutual) and the Standard companies.
In every case the control was absolute.
These were the figures presented; ,

Company. Shares.
New Amsterdam Gas, pfd....scccecsececeess 08,775
New Amsterdam GAB, CON... .6cccecsereeseees 121,005
East River Gas (practionlly) ......cseseecceve All
Mutual GOs. ....c...sevccecsesecsercereeeeves 17,622
Standard GOS. .cceccccecaccecercseseceveeeecee 62,967
New York Edison Company (practically).... An

Astoria Light, Heat and Power Company... All
United Fiectric Light and Power Company. Au
National Coke and Coal Company......... e All

The total book value of the company's
security holdings in one line is $56,276,000.
The New York Edison Company's §$45,200,-
000 capital is carried on the books at $18,-
000,000 and the $2,000,000 of New Amster-
dam etockrat $4,770,000.

“Ie there any other company in Man-
hattan or The Bronx engaged in the eale
of gas?" aahéd Mr. Hughes after exhausting
his iat.

“Yes,” replied the witness, “the West-
chester Lighting Company.”

“Does the Consolidated own any of its
| stock?”

“Yes,” said the witness, placidly, “all of
5."

Mr. Hughes then took up the electric
lighting situation and found that the Con-
solidated controlled it through its owner-
ship of practically the entire stock of the
New York Edison Company, which was

 

formed by a merger of the New York Gas, |

Electric Light, Heat and Power Company
and the Edison Electrio Illuminating Com-
pany. Benjamin Whitley, assistant treas-
urer of the Consolidated company, and
George F. Doane, president of the Northern
Union Gas Company, were on the stand
while this line of testimony was being
adduced.

Mr. Hughes also found out that the capi-
| tal stock of the Consolidated was $80,000,-
| 000 and that the board of directors had au-

thorized an increase to

| scrutiny of the balance sheets also devel-

oped that the asseta of the concern were
$123,000,000, of which something over §8,-

| 000,000 was in Government bonds.

|

}

Most of the morning session was taken |

| up with entering on the records the articles
| of incorporation and franchises of the con-
| etituent companies together with the con-
solidation agreement of 1884 One of the

| original parties to this agreement, the Mu-
‘tual company, never executed it. This
| was explained by the reading of the origi-
nal charter, which forbade the directors
under pain of imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary for fram six to twelve months
from consolidating with any other com-
| pany. The sessions will go on to-day.

PAPA ANSPACHER OBJECTS

Te His Son's Engagement to Kathryn
Kidder—Understands That She's 45.

Kathryn Kidder, the actress, is engaged
to be married to Louis K. Anspacher, son
of Leopold H. Anspacher of 5 West 122d
street, who said yesterday:

“I have objected to the marriage, of
course. Somehow theatrical people don't
look upon marriag® as a very serious propo-
sition, but more as a business arrangement
or a momentary infatuation, I don’t mean
for a moment t Miss Kidder comes under
that bead. She is a fine, a truly great
artist, and althougb I have never met her
personally I am sure she is a fine woman.
A serious objection is that, while my son is
only 27 years old, I understand Miss Kidder
is much older, 4 re, 1 believe.”

Kathryn Kidder is now playing in Trenton
and young, or rather young, Anspacher is
| alaothere. He was graduated from Colum-
| bia University in 19v2, and haa been a lec-
turer on psychology. While at college he
wrote three plays, “Tristan and Isolde,”
a drama in blank verse; “Ann and the Arch-
duke John,” and *I Vecchi.” These plays
have never been produced, but it was
while he was reading them to Miss Kidder
| that he fell in love,

Kathryn Kidder was born in Newark,
| N. d., but made her home in Evanston, Ill.
| where her grandfather was president o

the State University. Her father, Col.

H. M. Kidder, is a member of the Chicago
| Board of Trade. Miss Kidder's first pro-

fessional engagement was as Wanda in

Frank Mayo's production of “Nordeck®

at the Union Square Theatre in 1888. She
| acted successively with William Gillette
|
|
|
|

 

and Joseph Haworth. Miss Kidder’s .
@st success was in “Madame 7
whioh she purchased after the play bed
been refused by many managers. is
now on the road with a repertoire of some
of her most successful plays.

No date has been set for the marriage.

SPRING TOUR TO ATLANTIC crrr

Saturday, April & vin Pennsylvania Raliroad,
| Rates, cowering two days’ hote: board, $10 or 811,
according hotel selected. Eleven doliar rate
covers board at Beach front hotels. See ticket

ages Ade

—

 

$100,000,000. A |

  
 

CALLS WOMEN UNFAIR.

Mrs. Craigio’s Criticism in a Debate on
Making Them Jeary Members.
Spectal Cable Despatch te Tun Sun.

Lonpon, March 30.—“Women are by
nature unfair,” was the assertion of Joba
Oliver Hobbes (Mrs, Craigie) in the course
of a debate at the Hardwicke Society on &
resolution that no jury is complete without
women as members. There were several
distinguished debaters on each side of the
question.

Mra. Craigie was against participation
of her own sex in the administration of
Justice, She declared that their nature
did not contain # proper element of justice.
They were by nature unfair, though their
unfairness in some instances was a source
of fascination.

Where would men get sympathy, she
asked, if women were impartial? Con-

| tinuing, she said that experience showed,

woman impersohating Justice as being
blindfolded, because a woman could not
be trusted to see otraight.

Justices Darling and Kekewioh and other
lawyers shared in the debate. The reso-
lution was rejected by a large majority.

 

CAMPANARI TO BE A VOTER.

Singer Applies for First Papers and Will
Live Here Permanently.

United States Commissioner Shields
had a distinguished applicant for first
citizenship papers yesterday in the person
of Signor Giuseppe Campanari, the singer.

*I have been in America sixteen years,”
said Campanari, “but have been so busy
travelling that I haven't thought it advis-
able to take out my papers before. Now
I have decided to make this my permanent
home and to educate my children here
as American citizens.”

Clerk Donovan introduced the singer
to the Commissioner, who administered
the usual oath. Campanari is 60 years old
and living at present with his family at
228 West Forty-fourth street.

COULDN'T HAVE SAT ON HIS LAP.

Cerpuiency ef Defendant in Alienation
Sulit Disproves Testimony of Witnesses.
Green Bay, Wis. Maroh 380.—Henry

Rahr, a wealthy brewer, le being sued for

$50,000 for alienation of the affections of

Mr. Albert W. Hollman.

Mr. Rabr has a 56 inch waist and weighs
250 pounds. Much of the weight is tn the
neighborhood of his waistline. In the testi-
mony in behalf of Hollman several wit-
nesses swore that they had seen Mrs. Hol-
man sitting on Rahr’s lap. To-day when
Mr. Rabr was put on the étand, he was
ordered to show the lap to the jury.

The jurors were unable to any lap
of sufficient size for Mra. Holknan, who
isn’t a smal] woman, to ait on.

CHINA PREPARES FOR DEFENCE.

Plans for a Vast Enlargement of the Army
and Pavy—Financial Reforms.
Wasainotow, March 80.—According to
advices which have been received at the
State Department, the Chinese Government
is planning for a vast enlargement of the
navy of the empire, as well as for large ex-

 

 

 

| penditures on the army. Sir Robert Hart,
the director-general of the customs service
| of China, has submitted to the Government
a new plan for the reforming of revenues
| and improving the finances. By this plan
the yearly receipts from customs and in-
ternal taxes will yleld about $284,000,000,
whereas the present receipts are but $56,-
000,000. He also proposes the following
| expenditures:
For the army, $35,500,000; navy, $21,800,000;
| arsenals, $7,100,000; administration of the
cavil service, $113,600,000; schools, $7,100,000;
post and telegraph, $4,260,000, and im-
perial court, $7,100,000, leaving an annual
gum of $83,040,000 at the disposal of the
Government.

The plan contemplates the creation of a
powerful navy, which is to consist of twenty
ironclad battleships, twenty armored

eruisers and 120 torpedo boats, all of which
|are to be built within ten years. Four
arsenals, four schools for instructing army
cadets and three marine schools are to
be established, and there is to be a thorough
reform of the army, which is to consist of
| 200,000 men and 7,840 officers.

BARRED FOR FAKING.

Columbta Keeps Out s Dreamer of HKing-
don Gould Hazing Stories.

The privileges of Columbia University
| have been withdrawn from one of its grad-

uates because of his connection with cer-
| tain newepaper stories of dubious veracity
printed about the adventures of Kingdon
Gould at the university. The young man
in question has not been in residence at
the university this year, but has been spend-
ing his time on the college grounds.

By order of Dean Burgess, acting presi-
dent of the university in the absence of
Dr. Butler, he has been notified that he was
not to come upon the campus. He had
some intimation that such action was

lanned, and left town. When he returned

 

 

 

te on Wednesday he was barred from
the campus by one of the proctors.
+ This is to be the first time that such

radical action has been taken. It is under-
stood that had the young man been in resi-
dence, studyin or a degree, nothing
like this would have been done. His pres-
ence at Columbia with no other obvious
; feaepe than to write newspaper etuff forced
the issue.

TABARD INN TO REORGANIZE,

Bonds to Be Issued—Library and Magarine
Concerns Alone to Continue.

PHILADELPHIA, March 30.—At a meeting
of the board of directors of the Tabard Inn

bonds, seoured by the stock of some of the
subordinate companies, for the purpose
| of raising a sufficient amount to readjust
the corporation's affairs.

| EE, Clinton Rhoads, counsel for the oor-
poration, announoed after the meeting that,
while the library and magazine concerns
would be continued and their debts paid,
the five subsidiary enterprises which have
gone into a reosivership would be disoon-
tinued. Mr. Rhoads said, however, that
all five concerns would be solvent when
they are abandoned and that the stock.
holders would be taken oare of.

In the future, Mr. Rhoads said, the Tabard
Inn enterprises would be purely of a liter-
ary nature, aud tne would no
toa patina nad tbat esis ich
soaps, mes whio!
hed besa carried by St. concerns for
which receivers were appointed.

Latest Marine latelligence,
Arrtved: Ss Weimar, Naples, March 1¢@

Anawering your inquiry: Yes, the best way to

to Buffalo and Nisgars bale is by the New York
| Cenwal. Why? Because over ite six tracks there
| oe wm 4 day; practically « train every hour,

 

 

however, that women were not intended |
to govern, and art rightly represented the

Corporation to-day it was decided to issue |

Farpar, Mancm $1, 1008, *
Fair to-day and to-morrow.

PRICE TWO CENTS. 4
MORGAN SMITHS ARE CAUGHT,

STORY OF LONG HUNT FOR NAN
PATTERSON CASE WITNESSES.

  

 

 

Now the Pawnbroker Whe Geld the Ptstel
With Whieh Cesar Young Was Ghet
WU! Get a Leok at Them—Extraditien
From Ohio for Conspiracy Sought.

J. Morgan Smith and his wife, Julia.
the sister of Nan Patterson, who have
been leading private detectives employed
by District Attorney Jerome a hide and
seek chase all over this country and Canada
| for almost a year, were arrested in Cin-
{cinnati yesterday, soon after they had
been indicted here for conspiracy.
| They were wanted as witnesses in the
| Nan Patterson trial, but now they will
| haveto stand trial themselves on the charge
| that they conspired to extort money from
Bookmaker Casar Young on the pretence
that Nan was about to become a mother
and was in need of support.

If there is no hitch in the extradition
proceedings, and none is expected, the
Smiths will be in this city in plenty of tims
for the second trial of Nan Patterson on
the charge of having murdered Young
in a cab on the morning of June 4 last be-
cause he was escaping to Europe with his

wife. The trial is set for April 10.
The detectives had been pretty close

to the Smiths for nearly five months, and
were satisfied on Tuesday that both fugl-
tives would be in Cincinnati yester-
day. So yesterday Assistant District At-
torney Rand had before the Grand Jury
Mrs. Margaret Young, the widow of the
bookmaker; William D. Luse,. Young's
brother-in-law; Joseph Hewitt, the lame
newsboy who says he saw J. Morgan Smith
and Nan quarrelling outside of Pabet*s
restaurant at the Circle the night before
Young was killed, and several polloemen
who have been connected with the case.
It didn’t take long to hear the testimony
and draw the indictments. Then Dis-
trict Attorney Jerome sent this despatch
to Chief of Police Milliken of Cincinnati;

“ Arrest and bold for extradition J. Morgan
Smith, wanted in New York on a charge
of criminal conspiracy. Smith will be
found at the Grand Hotel, Fourth street,
Cincinnati, where Detective Aiken may
be found. Officer Quinn leaves to-day
to establish identity. The Governor's
warrant will follow as soon as it is possible
to procure it.”

Pretty soon a despatch was received
saying that Smith and his wife had been
arrested. Mr. Rand immediately got Gov,
Higgins on the long distance telephone
and explained the need of expedition. The
Governor replied that requisition papers
would be prepared at once, Less than a
half hour later Detective Sergeant McNaught
started for Albany. His instructions were
to get the necessary papers, go straight
to Columbus, Ohio, and present them to
Gov. Herrick. The District ttorney's
office expecta that he will be in
on Saturday, Mr. Rand expects that the
Smiths will resist extradition,and Mr.Garvan
will start for Cincinnati to-day to represent
Mr. Jerome, If there is no hitch the Smiths
should be in this city on Monday.

The news reached Nan by rumor, She
as soon officially informed by Dan O'Reilly
one of her counsel. He went to the Tombs
and stayed there all the’ afternoon. All
messages to her were stopped and O’Reilty,
said she had no'statement to make.

“She feels with her counsel—pleased,*
said Mr. O'Reilly.

“Of course we are pleased,” sald Abe
Levy, another of her lawyers. ‘It wilh
help Nan's case greatly.”

It may have an important bearing on
Nan's second trial. Smith disappeared
while the Grand Jury was investigating
the death of Young and a few days before
Nan was indicted. He was under subpana
at the time, and when he vanished Judge
Newburger issued an attachment for him.
For a long time the District Attorney's
office could get no trace of him. A private
detective agency was employed and about
five months ago Smith and his wife were
tracked to Canada. Since then the deteo-
tives have never lost sight of either of the
Smiths for long.

Smith and his wife roamed all over Can-
ada. At various times they have been
reported to the District Attorney's office
as being in Montreal, Quebec, Toronto and
Hamilton. Then they left Canada and
crossed the border. Smith used several
names, including Adams, Bishop and Col-

lins. Frequently the Smiths separated, te
| meet again in some other city. In this
| country four detectives followed one or the

other or both of them to Detroit, Cleveland,
Pittsburg and Covington, Ky. Mrs. Smit
is said to have relatives in Covington.

Last Monday Mrs. Smith, under the
name of Mrs. W. A. Adams, was at the Hole
lenden Hotel in Cleveland.

Her husband, who had _ temporarily
assumed the name of Adams, was in Pitte«
burg. The detectives learned positively
that the Smiths had arranged to meet in
Cincinnati yesterday and the District
Attorney's office decided to act.

The District Attorney's office is anxious
to learn where the Smiths got the money
to pay for their expensive travelling ex-
peditions. So far as the District Attorney's
office could discover, Smith had no distinct
means of support. Nan Patterson was liv-
ing with him and his wife at the St. Paul
Hotel up to the time Young was shot.

lf Abe Levy stands by the statements
he made at the firet trial of Nan Patterson
the Smiths will be witnesses for her at the
next trial. On the first trial Mr. Rand
accused Nan’s counsel (excluding Mr.
Levy) of having connived at getting Smith
away. He declared that he would show
that Young had been killed not as the result
of a plan to kill him, but as the result of
a conspiracy between Nan and the Smiths
to wrong him. Even Nan's father had
helped Smith to get away, Mr. Rand said,
carrying his son-in-law's clothes to Ho-
boken.

All through the trial Mr. Rand tried te
use Smith as a pivot to connect Nan with
the murder, He got in a deéscription of
Smith and tried to show that the man who
was with the woman when the pistol with
which Young was killed was bought in
Hyman Stern's Sixth avenue pawnshop
answered the description of Smith. Stern,
the pawnbroker, couldn’t identify Nan
as the woman who bought the pistol.

The District Attorney's office has no
intention of calling either of the Smiths
as a witness againet Nan. But it will be
possible to bring the Smiths into court
| for identification. Hyman Stern will have

\ chance to look them over this time. At

PINEHURST CAMDEN JACKSONVILLE
bree daily biga clase
wenn vie Seaboard Air Line Ry. Oflce, eres
—Ade,

 

 

 

| fais and Southweet