7

 

 

 

EE ~~
=—_—

VOL. LXVIL—NO. 352,

OT

ENVOYSSAVED

Allied Troops Captured Pekin
0) Aug. 15,

AN ALL-DAY BATTLE,

—_——_—

Chinese Made an Obstinate Re-
sistance.

 

THE EMPRESS HAS FLED,

 

All the Inmates of the Legations Re-
portid to Be Safe,

 

Emperor Taken Against iis Wish, It Is Re-
ported, to Hstan-fa—Prince Tuan Goes
There With the Imperial Party This Is the
O14 Capital of China, 70@ Miles From
Pekin—Pekin Palace Treasure Sent There
Some Time Age—Viceroy of Shantang

Asks the Throne te Appoint a Minister te

Act With Str Robert Hart in Negotiations

for Peace—Japae Will Use Her Good

Offices te Save the Emperor and Empress,

but Is Determined to Prevent the Escape of

Tuas and Bis Associates—1i Hang Chang's

Negotiations With the Rassian Consal

-—OmMfictal News of the Arrival of the Res-

cutng Forces at Pekin Received im Wash-

ingten From Admiral Remey and Const!

Fowler—Our Probable Policy ta China.

Wasninaton, Aug. 17.—Official news of |

the capture of Pekin and the rescue of the
foreign Ministers was received in Washing-
ton this evening from United States Consul
Fowler at Chefoo and Admiral Remey. The
acting Secretary of Btate received the
following telegram at 7:65 o'clock from Mr,
Fowler:

"Cueroo, Aug. 17.—Seventeenth Japanese
Admiral reporte allies attacked Pekin, east,
fifteenth, Obstinate resistance. Evening,
Japanese entered capital With other fordes.
Immediately surrounded legations. In-
mates safe. Japanese lost over 100. Chinese
800. Fowt.ar.”

The following message was received by
the Bureau of Navigation from Admiral
Remey:

“Taku, Ang, 17, 1 A. M.—Just received
telegram from Tientsin, dated 16th, 10 P. M.
Pekin wae captured on Aug. 15. Foreign
legations are safe. Details follow shortly.

“Remey.”

 

THE NEWS IN LONDON.

 

Not Ofictal bat Fully Belleved—Flight of the
Empress Dowager.
Special Cable Despatches t0 THE SUN.

Lonvon, Aug. 18.—No official news of the
relief of Pekin has been received by the
British Foreign Office or the Japanese or
Chinese legations, but the report that the
allies have entered the capital is un-
doubtedly true.

The most authentic news yet received
in England is a telegram received by J. D.
Campbell at 11:80 o'clock on Friday night
from the Commissioner of Customs at Che-
foo stating that Pekin was relieved on
Wednesday night, but absolutely no details
have yet reached Ohefoo.

A despatch from Shanghai says: The
allies entered Pekin on Wednesday. It is
believed that Vioeroy Yuan Shib Kai's
troops have gone to Shensi to protect the
Empress Dowager during her flight ."’

Other Shanghal despatches, based .on
Chinese authority that is generally de-
scribed as fairly credible, state that the
Empress Dowager and Emperot, against
the wish of the latter, left Pekin on Aug. 6
for Hstan-fu, Shensl Province, the old capi-
tal of China. Prince Tuan commanded the
rear guard. The Impertal Guards oon-
sisted of 65 per cent. Boxers, % per cent.
Manchus and the rest Chinese. The palace
(reasures had pteviously been sent to
Heian-fu,

The despatohes from Canton stating that
Sir Robert Hart, Inspector-General of the
Chinese Maritime Oustoma, has left Pekin
With his staff under a Chinese escort are not
believed. The Commisatoner of Customs
at Chefoo has telegraphed to London
that Sir Robert and his staff expected to
leave Tong-ku on Aug. 20 for the south, A
revenue steamer had been ordered for his
Use, This is interpreted as meaning that a
steamer had been ordered to be in readiness
in the expeotation of the relief of Pekin.

Purther details of the engagements dur-

ing the advance of the allies on Pekin state

that the Japanese bore the brunt of the
fighting at Peiteang, they clearing two
Villages at the point of the bayonet and
Josing forty killed in one village. They also

 

 

NEW
' made a brilliant charge through the millet
| on a Chinese battery. The movement was
carried out as though they were on parade,
| The only fault of the Japanese is stated
to be their impetuousness. They lose many
; men by advancing prematugely, but their
| Pluek and endurance fit them to rank with
the finest soldiers of Europe. The hehavior
| of the whole force has been excellent. The
men of all nationalities fraternize in the
most cordial manner.

A despatoh to the Daily News from Yang-
taun saya that the Americana felt the heat
particularly, being heavily accoutred and
not provided with water carriors.

Beruin, Aug. 17,1 P. M.—The Foreign
Office to-day received the following from
the German Consul at Shanghat: ‘The
allies entered Pekin without any fighting.
The embassies have been relieved and the
foreigners liberated.”

A despatch to the Times from Shanghal,
dated Aug. 16, says that Yuan Shi Kai, Gov-
ernor of Shantung, to
Taotai Sheng that Gens,

has telegraphed
Sung, Ma and

Li Pinh Heng were wounded at Yangtsun. |
The Viceroy has memorialized the Throne |

to appoint a Minister, assisted by Sir
Robert Hart, to meet the military com-
manders of the allies and discuss terms of
peace.

The Chinese Minister at Tokio has tele-

£ ] Seats. uaen

YORK, SATURDAY, AUGUST

|

 

} will not Join in the movement,

|M—The Japanese and Russian

 

THE CAPTURE OF TUNG CHOW,

Chinese Filed During the Night Allies Lett a
Garrison There,
Special Cate Despatch to THE SUN,
From a Staff Correspondent

Tuna Cnuow, Aug. 12, evening, via Chefoo,
Aug. 17, and Shanghai, Aug. 18, 0:30 A. M.--The
Chinese fled from this place during the night
and the Japanese occupied the city at day-
light.

At a conference this afternoon it was de-
cided that the Americans, Japanese and British
should make a strong reconnolseance of the
two roads to Pekin to-morrow. Tho Russians
A mixed gar-
rison will be left here

A messave from Pekin says that the Chinese
are holding every avenue that might offer es-
cape to the foreigners in the capital with the
view to forcing terms from the allies

Crinao CIA WAN, Avg. Il, via
Chefoo, Aug. 17, and Shanghil, Aug. 18, 0:95 A.
advance
without

evening,

occupied this place practically

| opposition, after clearing the vil'ages for twelve
| miles along the route.

 

MORE TROOPS GOING FORWARD.

Re-enforcements Left Tientstn to Ald in an
Attack on Pekin,
Special Cable Det: atch to THE SUN,

Paris, Aug. 17.--Gen, Frey, the commander
of the French forces in China, cables from Tienes
tein under date of Aug. 0 as follows

“On the murch to Pekin the Russians and

 

 

THE MARCH OF THE ALLIES TO PEKIN,

Relfe f force, 16 000,@Distance by fall from Taku—to Tlentsin, 27 miles; Yangtsun, 45 miles:
Pekin. 107 milea

 

graphed to LA Hung Chang that Japan is
willing to use her good offices in behalf of
the Emperor and Empreas, but is de-
termined to prevent the escape of Prince
Tuan, Kang Yi, Hsu Tung and Chao Shu
Chiao,

The Russian Consul is having more
friendly relations with Li Hung Chang.
The Viceroy {is also reported to be in
regular telegraphic communication with
St, Petersburg. It is learned from a trust-
worthy source that Li Hung Chang has been
instructed by the throne to inquire whether
Russia will assist China in securing a
peaceful settlement, giving assurances that
she has no intention to annex any territory
in Manchuria. If the reply is favorable the
Vioeroy is ordered to enter upon negotia-
tions without delay. Simultaneously the
Military Governor of Manchufia {s ordered
to cease hostilities.

 

JAPAN’S REPLY TO LI HUNG CHANG,

Expresses Sympathy, but Says That Inter-
ference Is Imposstbie.
Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN.
Lowpon, Aug. 18.—The Yokohama corre-
spondent of the Daily Mail, in a despatch dated
Aug. 16, aays that Li Hung Chang has urgently
appealed to Marquis Ito, the Japanese Prime
Minister, to use his good offices with the Powers,

said interference was imposeible

The despatch adds that the appointment
of Field Mershal Count Von Waldersee to com-
mand tho allied force Is inpopular in Yoko
hams.

SIR ROBERT HART LBAVES PEKIN.

Said to Be on His Way tothe Coast Under Chi-
nese Escort.
Speciat Cathe Detpatch to THe SUN

floxo Kowa, Ang 14 —The customs oficers
of Canton have received a telegram announc-
ing that Sir Robert Hart, the Imperial Com-
missioner of Maritime Customs, with his eta?
has i¢ft Pekin under a Chinese escort. A
cruiser will be sent to meet him whén he reaches
the coast.

MORE GERMAN TROOPS GOING,

 

Seven Rattertes of Artillery to Accompany the
Next Contingent to China.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

CoLvoone, Aug. 17.—A_ Berlin
the Cologne Gazette says that not less than
eeven batteries of artillery, two companies
of railroad engineers and « company of pioneers
are preparing to accompany the next Germun

contingent to China.

 

France Rejected Li's Proposal.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Panis, Aug. 17.~Replying to the latest ap-

hostilities, M. Deleasaé, the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, informed the Chinese Minister that

France's decision not to Ilsten to any pro-
posals until the safety of the Pekin Ministers
was an accomplished fact was unchangeable.

Japanese Cruiser Saves a Russian Transport.

Special Cable Despatch to THER SUN.
YononAMa, Aug. 17.—The Russian transport

Nijni-Noygorod, with troops on td, went on
a ‘ple oO emule Wierda bape displayed
signals of distress and the Japanese crulser
Takacago towed her to Port Arthur

Faster Than Ever to Callfornin,
The ‘Over'and Limiied.”’ leaving Chicato 6.89
| kr M. daily, fia th: Chicago, Union Pacifie and
orthweaterh Line, arrives San Franciséo 5.15 in tbe |
afiernoon third dag = Doube drawing-room Goering
cars through, without change: vufet, smoking an
lidrar t (with barber), All meals eh route
' reed 1A enrte 4" dining ears Aces: mola
fone can be secured Northwestern Line UMoce, No
| 461 Broadway. Ade.

   

}
The Marquis sent a sympathetic reply,
'
|
|
'

|
|
peal from Ii Hung Chang for a cessation of

, of Pyongyong,

desputch to |

Japanese received private information t
effect that the Chinese did not tena tc olee

any resistance to the allies, but would make
proposals for peace ufter a pretended defence
of Tung Chow.

“On returning to Tientsin I proposed to the
Germuns, Austrians and Itallans, who have
hot neen represented in the fighting column,
the advisability of their hustening forward
with their detachments to codperate with
the other troops, if necessary, in un attack
on Pekin, All the commanders of these forces
willingly ugreed to this.

“The French reserves from Tientain ure hurry-
ing forward by forced marches to joln the main
column. Andouurd will uecompany me to
Pekin.”

BRITISH RECALLED TO SHANGHAI

 

They Had Started for the North, bat Are
Back at the Wuasang Forts,
Special Cable Despatehes to THR SUN.

SHANGRAI, Aug. 17.—A torpedo boat de
stroyer was sent to recall the Britishtransporte
which had léft with the Indian troops for the
North. They returned to Wusung to-day

Lonpon, Aug. 17.—A despatch to the Central
News from Shanghai, dated to-day, says that
Mr. Warren, the British Consul, announces
that he has received orders to land the Indian
troops who are on the transports here. M.
Bezaure, the French Consul-General, has or-
dered two battalions of French troops to come
from Saigon.

The news that the British wouldland troops
at Shanghai gives satisfaction in England,
where the reported abandonment of the project
aroused a loud protest.

QUIET NOW IN MANCHURIA.

Natives in the Amor and Assur Districts Are
Resuming Forming.
Speetal Cable Despatch to TAR SUN

Lonpon, Aug. 18..- St. Petersburg advices are
to the effect that Admiral Aliexteff has returned
to Port Arthur.

The Manchurians in the Amur and Aseur dis-
triota have been quieted and are resuming
farming.

RUSSIANS LANDED IN COREA,

 

One Thousand of the Czar's Troops Are Re-
ported at Pyrongyong.
S pecial Cable Despatch to THE SUN

YoxwouamMa, Aug. 17.—<An official telegram
from Seoul, Corea, reports that the inhabitants
on the Corean frontier, are
withdrawing because a thousand Russian troops
have been landed there.

WOULDN'T FOLLOW LI PING*HENG.

 

Hananese Troops Refused to Ge North With
Him as Geveral.

lt seers that Li Ping-heng, whose troops
are now reported to be protecting the Empress
Dowager tn her flight, had trouble with the
soldiera when he started for the north. The
‘hin Klang correspondent of the North China

eraid of July 11 says:

“1d Ping-heng, roe sty orderjng the local
militia to be renatr ‘ley ng, or trict
Boldier, like the l-Ho Chuan outlaws, left Yang-
chow on the ist inst. for Wing Kianghu to lead
some 12,000 troops (under Gaus Chien Tae-lin
and Chave Chun-fu) to Pekin, has returned
to Yangchow. It is stated that these troops,
who are all Hunanese, refused to go north
under Li Ping-heng's leadership, saving that
their true chief is Viceroy Lin Reanyi and no
one elae, -heng has therefore returned,
and Will, it is stated, take up other troops who
#ill obey him.”

MILITARY POST OFFICE AT TARU,

 

Two United States Officials Start for China to
Take Charge.

SAN Francisco, Aug. 17.—A braneh of the

} United States Post Office is to be established |

at Taku, and stations are to be maintained

throughont China, wherever the work of the
campaign winay carry our troops, On the trans.
port Warren, which sailed yesterday for (hina,
were tt. M. Robinson, Superintendent of Post
Offiee at taku and his assistant, G. AL Hunt
The station at Taku will be known a» Military
Station No, | th men were sent from the
Fast, and both had been through the Cuban
campaign in s.milay capacities * '

qe at:

|

rm:

rar

 

 

HAS WAR BEEN AVERTED?

OFFICIAL OPINION IN WASHINGTON
18 THAT IT BAS BEBN,

Rejoletng Over the Messages From Fowler

 

 

and Iemey -The President Gets the News |

at the White Houvse-—-Polley of the United
States Now That Pekin Has Been Taken,

WasntscuTros, Aug. 17.—Admiral Remey and
Consul Fowler at Chefoo sent the first official
news received here of the capture of Pekin
after an engagement between the Chinese and
the military forces of the United States, CGireat
Britain, Japan and Ruasia and of the relief of
the 8 foreigners who have been besieged in
the legation quarter for two months. The good
hews came after a day of intense anxiety

Karly in the merning the official report of the
German Consul at Shanghai, that the legations
had been relieved, caused much gratification,
but later aroused doubt, as there was nothing
from any other source to confirm it and the news
was from so questionable a quarter as Shanghai.
Admiral Remey's message and that from
Constil Fowler came respectively to the Navy
and the State Department at practically the
same time. Admiral Remey's despatch was
received about & o'clock this evening. It was
in cipher, and it took (Lleut. Webster of the
Bureau of Navigation about half an hour to
decipher It. Consul Fowler's message came
in plain English at 7:56 o'clock and was first
read by Alvey A. Adee, the acting Secretary
of Btate, who immediately communicated it
to President McKinley. The despatches were
telephoned to a number of Government offi-
cials and it was not for more than an hour after
they were received that it was appreciated
that the people of the country were quite aa
anxious asthe authorities heretolearn the news
Then the despatches were given to the press.

At the White House and in the bia buildiug
occupied by the State, War and Navy Depart-
ments, there was more excitement shown than
at any other time after nightfall «ince the close
of the war with Spain. While few officials
were on duty, the lights were turned on and
the White House and the Department buildings
were illuminated as if for some special occa-
sion. The usually dim corridors of the War,
State and Navy Building were bright with the
ight of incandescent lampa. Lieut. Webster,
one of the executive officers of the Bureau of
Navigation, worked out the cipher symbols of
the Remey message in the general office of the
bureau, while over in hie corner of the State
Department, Mr. Adee made copies of the Fow-
ler telegram, anticipating its delivery to the
preas, Secretary Hoot hurried to the White
House as soon as he heard the good news, and
remained with the President until late.

With Pekin in the hands of the allies and

the foreigners safe, the diplomatio aspect
of the Chinese situation displaces the
military. Official opinion here is that war

with China has been averted, although nothing
positive Is known as to the attitude of the
Chinese Government toward the allied
forces, What this Government will do after the
rescue of the legationers has been discussed
by the President and the Cabinet In a general
way, but no definite plan of procedure has
been formulatei. The course of the Govern-
ment will depend on happenings of the imme
diate future. If American political and other
interests are involve | in such a way as to make
the presence of United States troops necessary,
the troops will be kept on Chinese soil, but the
general inclination of the Government is to
effect a settlement of the questions involved by
diplomatic mean’ and without a display of
force.

The sole objects of the United States in send-
ing troops to China, as laid down by Secretary
Hay in his declaration of principles of July
8, are to rescue the Ministers, protect foreign-
ers and restore orde® throughout the Em-
pire. If these last two objects have been
accomplished through the first the Govern-
ment will probably endeavor to secure an
agreement with the Powers for the withdrawal
of foreign troops from China, or such of them
as are not necessary for preserving the peace
of the Empire. It is the intention of the Gov-
ernment to adhere closely to Mr. Hay's decla-
rations as far as possible. In connection
with this subject the concluding paragraphs
of the Secretary of State's communication
are interesting. After stating that it was
too early to forecast the means of preventing
a epread of the disorders in China, Mr. Hay
sald:

“The policy of the Government of the United
States is to seek a solution which mar bring
about permanent safety and peace to China,
preserve Chinese territorial and administrative
entity, protect all rights guaranteed to friendly
Powers by treaty and international law, and
safeguard for the world the principle of equal
and impartial trade with all parte of the Chinese
Empire. in other words, the United Statas
Government is opposed to the partition of
China arid asserts that it has the right toa voice
n the settlement of China's future.”

Ao has been sald the good news racely.  to-
night followed a day of anxious waiting. Since
early this morning the Presic ent and his official
subordinates hal been momentarily expecting
advices as to what happened at the Chinese
eapital when the allie! forces arrive there
In the forenoon there was a general feeling that
the legationers hat ben release! from their
perilous position, but as the day wore on doubta
were freely expresse! as to the value of the
Shanghai despatches that gave the cheering
information that the allie! army bad entere4
Pekin without opposition and liberate! the
foreigners. After the Cabinet meeting there

ee ee

watt a cistinct change from the optimistic feel. |

ing that prevailed before the President and his
advisers assembled at the White House. While
some of the Cabinet officers believed that Pekin
had heen relieved they did not understand how
the news came first from Shanghai. There
was a general disinélination to accent the Ger-

mar Conenl’s announcement as based on trust- J

|

|

| worthy advices, and the suggestion that he
obtained his news from Ti Hung Chang, who
was reported to have received a telegram say-
ing that the legations were relieved on Aug.
16, obtained general credence. Thit was the
| prevailing view up to the time that the Remey
and Fowler despatches came,

Although the message from Consul Fowler
was in plain English, a translated copy of the
Remey despatch reached the President first

| Mr. and Mrs. McKinley had been entertaining
some friends invited to dinner by Mrs. McKin-
ley, and afterward they adjourned to the
portico ef the south side of the White House
The guests present were Comptroller Dawes
and Mrs. Dawes, Paymaster Baker,

| States Navy and Mrs. Baker, Surgeon-General
Sternberg, United States Army and Mre
Sternberg. It was While they were on the
portico that Lieut.-Col. Montgomery, who has
charge of the telegraph office of the White
House, handed the President the Remey de-
epatch.

“Here is good news,” said the President,
and read It to his quests.

Admiral Remey's despatch apparently in-
dicates that the new telegraphic cable line
between Taku and Chefoo ts in operation, All

| the messages sent by Admiral Remey from
Taku to Chefoo by cespatech boat have heen
Whenever the Taku date ap-
| peared it was part of the message proper, The
| :
| despatch received to-night bears only the
Taku date. If the telegraphic cable between
Chicago @ Returns 617.00
vin Le@rawenna Ratiroad Tiekets good sone Aut.
25. 26 and 27. Return limit, Aus. 32; or paying 5be,
entra, Sept 30,—Ade.

| dated Chefoo

 

 

 

United |

 

 

 

| Taku and Chefoo is in operation, the details
of the occupation of Pekin, which Admiral
Reniey proinised, may come at any time

THE ADVANCE ON PEKIN.

 

Japanese in the Lead, Followed by Russians,
British and Americans.

Wasmikaton, Aug. 17.—A despatch was re-
‘ ceived at the Japanese legation here yester-
day from the Foreign Office at Tokio saying
that at a conference held on Aug. 7, at Yang-
taun, the commanders of the several forces
decided to push on at onee to Pekin The
forcoa were headed by the Japanese, and fol-
| lowed, in order, by the Russians, British and

Americans, They expected to reach Tung-
chow on Ang. 12.

The French troops were compelled, by the
inadequacy of their commissariat, to remain
at Yangtsun, while the amall bodies of Aus-
trians, Italians and Germans turned back to
Tientsin.

 

BEPORE RESCUE CAME

 

Pekin Legations Reported That They Were
Closely Blockaded by the Chinese.

Aug. 17.-The following de-

Remey, dated Taku,

this morning at the

WASHINGTON,
spatch from Admiral
Aug. 16, was received

three weeks. All reported well.

Admiral Remey does not explain from whom
the message came, but it is the opinion of the
autorities that it was from Minister Conger.
It could not have come from any of the military

commanders, as they didnot reach Tung Chow,
ten miles from Pekin, until Aug. 12

 

 

 

BURNING OF WEI-HSIEN MISSION,

 

Peril of a Man and Two Young Women~Thet
Flight From the Mob.

The Wei-heien correspondent of the North
China News, writing on July 11, gives the fol
lowing account of the destruction of the Amer-

| loan Presbyterian mission there: 1

| “On the evening of June 25, between the hours
of 8 P. M. and midnight, the American Pres-
byterian mission compound at Wel-hslen was
burned and looted The mob began to gather
t5 P.M. Thecontingent consisted of two youn

dies and the writer, who had made a
preparations to leave the next day. As soon
as the danger was poticed I sent word to the
chihsien for help. Instead of at once mene
a few soldiers from his own Zhanen he sent o

' to the camp ten Ii distant ‘he aid arrived at
6:30 P M., too late to do more than assist in
looting the burning buliding

“After holding off the mob with a revolver
for three hours your correspondent could do
no more, and the garrison retreated We fled
Across country at night, saving only the clothes
we wore. Our German neighbors at the coal
mines treated us well.”

 

GETTING UP A RACE WAR.

Region Around IAberty City, Ga., in Tarmoil
~—Several Negroes Have Been Killed,

Linerry City, Ga. Aug. 17.—A race war in
| this region is iinminent, and already several
negroes have been killed. The trouble started
lon Wednesday when Policemen Curtis and
| Gill attempted to arrest a party of negroes,
charged with using bad language in the pres-
ence of ladies Curtis was killed and Gill was
shot in the hand. The whites became thor-
| oughly enraged and set about to teach the
blacks a lesson Since then some four or five
negroes have been killed, but it is impossible to
give their names.

Yesterday afternoon a negro resisted arrest
and broke the arm of a white citizen. He waft
filled with buckshot a few minutes later. The
storehouse of Gill, who is shot, was burned at
| Walthourville last night by negroes. Wal-
| thourvilleis nine miles from here, A vacant

house in this place was burned last night. Med.
Gordon, a farmer, threw twenty-five pounds
of powder in the blaze for the purpose of blow-
ing out the fire. He was successful, but win-
dows for blocks away were broken by the con-
cussion and several persons were stunned
and bruised. Mr. Gordon was badly burned
from head to foot and his condition Is regarded
as serious

A case of new rifles
groups of armed men are to be seen on
all sides. Many hoses were visited last
night and the negro inmates were severely
whipped. The same programme {s being car-

 

 

 

has arrived and

ried out to-night. Many white women left
this evening for Jesup for safety
Part of the liberty county cavalry troop

is expected in the morning. There seems to
be no organization on the part of the whites,
and they travel in knots of a dozen.

An attempt was made last night to wreck
the northbound Plant System passenger train,
three miles from here. The switch was turned
at a sawmill, but the engineer saw the opening
in time to stop his train. Two negro suspects
have been arrested and are in jail in Savannah,
the third suspect effected his escape and has
not yet been apprehended.

ATLANTA, (Gin., Aig, 17,—Liberty county
negroes have been hiding in the woods near
Johnson Station and are now being joined by

ther negroes. Hast night the town of Johnson

tation was set on fire, Farly this morning
Gov.Candler received a telegram from Deputy

Sheriff Hendry of IAberty, asking him te send

troops at once, as the negroes were causne
trouble evervwhere. The telegram said they
| had applied the torch to several places and

were fearing up the track of the Savannah
| Florida and Western Railroad

| LOOKED LIKE DICKY, DICKY DOUT.

 

 

 

Fate of Two Brokers Who Dared the Produce
Fachange With Shirt-Watsts,

|

|

|

|
Bureau of Navigation: f the Navy Department:
“Message from Pekin, 10th Legations closely
blockaded by Chinese. Provisions ample tor

 

Two shirt-waiet men went on the floor of
the Produce Exchange yesterday morning and
| there were high jinks for a time. This was
| pefore 10:30 o'clock, when regular business

begins for the day, “Curb” dealings were
| in progress, (ne of the pioneers In the cout-
ri inovernent wore # pink shirt, the other
|

blue one. Their fellow brokers with a whoop
deena on them, danced sround them,
guved them and took liberties with their rai:
ment. With their shirt tails flying the two
| martyrs to wa new cause beat a hasty retreat,
| later appeartog with their coutson., Accordin
Ito an eve witness they were Carl Ruprecht
| and W. R. Schoonmaker
Floor «-ntiment for the time was evidently
| against the shirt waist during Exchange hours,
} but som brokers said that they honed Chicago's
j example of “shirt-sleeve trading” would ulti-
mately be Such
trading, it waa renorted, had been usual for
many sears in the Western city.

|
| hs Westra ty.

PRAYED FOR A’ LIGHTNING BOLT.

followed in hot weather

 

It Struck Mr. Deming'’s Barn Just as a Dis-
charged Employee Wished It To.

Hartronp, Conn., Aug. 17.--A large barn on
Windsor avenue, owned by George Demings
| was struck by lightning on Wednetday and
; burned. Mr. Deming emploved a farmhand
| early in the season, who left him some time

This workman ha

go after a disagreement. !
b times re-

oasted to his acquaintances many

cently that he never Wid his head on his pillow

| at night that he did not pray that Mr. Demine's

barns might be struck by lightning Mr

| Deming had heard of his former employee's
enmity and laughed at if, but he said to-day

\ that this seemed as peculiar and clear a case of
anewer to prayer as he had ever heard of

 

 

Triamph of the Whiskered Waiter.
A report was made yesterday by the Hotel
and Restaurant Employees’ National Alliance,
which got up the whiskers strike in New York

feven yenrs ape, that eleven new branche
of the ance have been organized in as many
citles, he whiskers strike was started by

the waiters in the hotels and restaurantes in
New York against a rule requiring them, to |
be clean shaven. The strike was successful,
land the alliance says the effect was co wice-
apread that hone of the waiters in the new |
pranches is required to go clean shaven if
prefers to wear whiskers

Polond! Poland! Poland! Poland!
The purest natural spring water in the world.— Ade

) selous

CAN'T RACE THEIR AUTOMOBILES.

 

Newport Police Deny Request in Which W,
K, Vanderbilt, dr., Is Interested.

Newport, KR. 1, Aug. 17.—At a meeting of
the Newport Police Commissioners to-night
@ request to race automobiles on the Ocean
Drive was denied, and as a result there will
be no races on Aug. 27. Mr, William K. Van-
derbilt, Jr., had hoped that the races could be
arranged, and to encolirage the matter had
slitnified his willingness to offer prizes for races
between all kinds of machines, The matter
was placed In the hands of an agent, and ap-
plication made to the Police Commissioners,

In refusing the request the Commissioner
said that the speed for automobiles had been
fixed by law andMthat they did not see how
they could consistently allow of its violation
They also said that to allow the races would
not be fair to those who used carriages on the
drive, and that it would be dangerous. Many
had hoped to see a race between Mr. Vander-
bilt's French machine and one lately imported
but the matter is now at an end

TRICK CIGAR EXPLODES IN A CAR.

Sets a Woman's Hat Afire and Makes the Vic-
tim, Who Was Smoking, Very Hl,

Edwin C. Southard of St. Louis, who is stay-
ing at the Grand Hotel, went down to Maiden
lane yesterday afternoon to pay a visit to W.
J. Robinson of the Robinson Realty Company
While he was talking to Mr. Robinson the latter
pulled a lot of cigars out of his pocket, offered
Mr. Southard his choice of the bunch and
lighted one himself. Mr, Southard smoking
the cigar ho had ehosen bade his friend good-
by, walked to the Post Office and took a rear
seat on a Third avenue car.

When the car reached Thirtieth street the
cigar exploded, setting fire to the summer hat
of a woman seated in front of Mr. Southard
There waa plenty of excitement for a few min-
utes. Mr. Southard beeame so Ill that he had
to @6 to Bellevue and get some medicine to
settle his stomach.

Mr. Southard said at the hospital that he
thought some one had tried to play a Joke on
Mr. Robinson and that the latter had inno-
cently passed the loaded cigar onto him

 

PASSENGER TRAIN RUNS WILD.

Engineer Falls From Cab While Going ata
High Rate of Speed.

MATAWAN, N. J, Aug. 17.—-John Rich, engi-
neer of the New Jersey Central train from Point
Pleasant to New York, which is due here at 7:51
P.M., fell from the cab to-night between Mid-
dietown stationand Matawan whilerunning ata
high rate of sperd. The engineis of a new type
and the cab: of the fireman andengineer are
some distance arart, After Rich fell the train
ranseveral miles with no hand at the throttle
Finally John Mulford, the {ireman, crawled
forward to the driver's cab and brought the
train to a stop just as it reached Matawan
Junction

An engine was sent back to look for Rich and
he was found unconscious at the side of the
track between Middletown and Hazlet. He is
injured internally.

CITIZEN SOLDIERS IN DISGRACE,

Paraded in a Rogues’ Squad at Vancouver for
Refusing to Serve Against Strikers.

Vancovvenr, B. C., Aug. 17.—There is a sen-
sation in British Columbia over the part the
loca) militia took {n the big fishermen's strike
when 500 soldiers were ordered out to prevent
a fight between 8,000 Japanese and 4,000 whites
and Indians One hundred soldiers refused to
serve because they sympathized with the white
strikers. These soldiers, many of them promi-
nent citizens, were compelled to-day to march
through the streets in a rogues’ squad, besides
being heavily fined. On the other hand all
soldiers who did obey the orders and belonged
to labor unions were expelled from the untons
in disgrace.

TAREE KILLED AT A CROSSING,

J. V. Gottschalk of This City and His Two
Brothers-in-Law the Vict'ms,

ALLENTOWN, Pa, Aug. 17.—-A team con-
taining a party of campers was struck shortly
before noon to-day at Palm Station, ten miles
below Allentown, by a@ northbound passen-
ger train on the Perkiomen branch of the Phila-
deiphia and Reading Railway Three of
the campers were killed instantly and the
wagon was demolished. The dead mén are James
V. Gottschalk, aged 38, of New York city, man-
ager of a theatrical bureau; John F. Wolle,
aged 45, a painter and paper hanger, of Allen-
town; Harvey O. Wolle, aged 34, a tailor, of
Allentown and a brother of John F Wolle.
Gottschalk was a brother-in-law of the Wolles,

being married to their «ister, and was spend-
ing a vacation in this reqipr de was for
va

 

1.

fifteen years manager for teplne and Al-
berto Jonas, the pianists, few months ago
he established a musical and theatrical bu-

u of his own in New York.
~— company with the Wol'@ brothers, Gotts-
chalk let Allentown early this morning to drive
to Palm, where it was intended to spend a
week in camp ang the banks of the Perki-
omen Creek, a fishing resort. They had al-
most reached their destination and had just
loaded their rig with lee when in trying to cross
the Perkiomen tracks the wagon was struck
by the passeng r train bound for Allentown.
Gottschalk and Harvey ©, Wolle were thrown
upon th pilot of the engine and were carried
a distance of fifty yards with the fragments
of the wagon. J. F. Wolle was thrown down
an embankment twenty feet high and landed
in @ creek

The crossing is yery dangerous and it is
asserted that the. engineer did not blow_ his
whistle, he Wolles were well-known Allen-
town outdoor sportsmnen and leave families.

ROOFER RILLED HY LIGHTNING.
Thanderbolt Hit Him as He Was Descending
an Ellis Istand Tower.

When the thunderstorm broke over the city
yesterday afternoon three tinsmiths who were
roofing the southwest tower of the new immigra-
tion building on Ellis Island looked fearfully
at the wall of blackness and sought shelter in
the inside of the tower. George Swanson got
to the floor of the tower before the first drops
of the heavy shower that preceded the rum-
bling from the sky began falling. His fellow
workmen, William Frazer of Sixth street and
Avenue B in this borough and Paul Bozett of
2088 Dean street, Brooklyn, had just stepped
on the scaffolding within the tower, and about
fifteen feet above the floor, when a bolt de-
ascended from the clouds, The interior of the
tower was permeated with blinding incandes-
cence, Borett remembers only dimly what
hannened after the great Mash

fle felt the body of Frazer fall against him,
and, as his nerve tingled with the shock of the
lightning, he tumbled from the seaffold to
the floor, striking Swanson in tis descent,
Swagson himself Was so startled and shocked
by the bolt that he did not know what had hap-
vwened until he got his wits together and found
Bovett Iving on the floor apparentiv uncon-
In a moment Bozett came to and got
up, feclimg stiff and sore, tis hack and arms
were bruised and he was ‘suffering from shock

Swanson was uniniured, but much unnerved
That did not preveat him from climbing up
to the seaffclding and lowering the body of
Fraver, whe was dead, The lightving “had
entered his héad on the rikht side and passed
down through his body, coming out at the heel
of the richt foot. The right shoe was touch
torn and the heel ripped off. Swanson took
out his watch to note the time several minutes

after the accident and found that it had stopped
at 130. The lightning had put the wateh
out of commission, incidentally registering

the second that Fraver passed out of the world

Fraver's body was carried down [min the
tower by workmen, put aboard thé steam
launch Sameoset and brought to the city

Kovett was taken trom the Battery to the Hud-
son etreet hospital Fraver wes 46 years old
and married

 

All day on Hudson River; str. Oty of Lowell; Table
@' How ulnner: mu te; see adv. Ade, *

‘

—
NE

(ener

Generally fair to-day and to-morrow.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS, 7

 

MAYOR AND HIS ICE STOCK,

GOVERNOR WILL APPOINT COMMIS
SIONER TO INVESTIGATE.

The Charges Already Served Upon the Mayer,
and His Auswer Is Expected Soon—Col,
Roosevelt Anxious to Have the Matier A®
tended to Before Starting on His Tour,

It became known yesterday that Mayor Van
Wyck would be called upon before long to
appear before a commiiss appolnted by
the Governor to investigate Ue charges made
by a Democratic newspaper to the effect that
the Mayor is guilty of abuse of the powers
of his “office to further the interests of the
American lee Company, in whieh he is a heavy

stockholder, The charges were made last
June, and after they had been made Gov, Roose
velt intended to aet upon them at once He
was prevenied from doing this by the
fact that the complainant made applieas

tion for leave to file an amended complaint
which was placed in the Governor's hands only
a few days ago, This complaint has received
the careful consideration,
and he has decided, it was said yesterday, that
the allegations are of so serious a nature that
the only way to do justice to all concerned is to
have the Mayor's connection with the ice come
pany investigated fully by an impartial come
missioner, The whieh made
against the Mayor have been served upon him
by Attorney-General Davies and the Mayor's
answer to them is expected within a very short
time. The Mayor is in Saratoga, where his
brother, former Justice Augustus Van Wyck,
is also stopping, and it is said that the former
Justice is preparing the answer for the Mayor,

It is expected, of course, that the Mayor's
answer will be a general denial. When he was
first charged with having used his official place
to further the interests of the American lee
Company the Mayor issned a proclamation to
the people of the city He told the newspapers
to tell the people that “Their Mayor is all right.”
Later, in the court proceedings which were
brovelt against the lee Company the Mayor
was esamited, and a great part of the com-
plaint against hin which was filed with the
Governor is made up of extracts froin his testhe
mony at that time, There is much jotrre@t
as to the character of the Mayor's answer,
It is believed that if he has his own way in the
preparation of the document it will make en-
tertaining reading, on account of the state.
ments it will contain, and also on account of
the manner in which they will be expressed,

About the only acquaintance which the
public has with the Mayor's literary style has
yeen gained through his veto messages on
Municipal Assembly and Legislattve bills. Some
of these messages have been extremely enter-
taining. The Mayor has thirty daya within
which to file his answer to the charges. If
the answer Is not of a character to make it
appearthat there is no foundation whateyer
for the charges, a commissioner will be appointed
who will take testimony in the case, as did
Ansley Wilcox of Buffalo in the matter of the
charges. brought by the Committee on_Munt-
cipal Affairs of the City Club against Dist ict
Attorney Gardiner

Gov. Roosevelt was in town yesterday. be
ia very anxious that the Mayor's answer to the
charges shall be received before he starts on
his campaigning tour through the West, In
order that he can, if necessary, eppoins the
commissioner before he begins his fall political
work, and have the whole matter over with
as soon as is possible. Gov. Roosevelt does not
like to have matters of this kind delayed, be-
lieving that every accused person Is entitled
to a speedy hearing, and he would like to have
the business disposed of within a very few
weeks, It is impossible to say now how long will
be required for the taking of testimony in the

atter of the charges asrainst the Mayor, bu
ft js doubtful whether the commissioner cou
take the testimony, listen to the arguments
and prepare his report before the middle of
November or Dec. 1. Gov. Roosevelt regerap
the ice matter as one of the most serious whic
has come under his attention since he assum
office as Clief hxecutive of the State. Speak-
ing of it yesterday he sald:

You Know these charges are very severe,
and very serious, and I want to see Mr Det “
to ascertain whether to appoint a comunissioner
before | go West. The ice case seems to me
to need earnest attention.”

Gov. Roosevelt comynunicated with Attor
ney-General Davies Zreperday in regard to
the charges against District Attorney Gardiner.
Commissioner Ansley Wilcox of Buffalo, who
took evidence in these charges, has made his
report to the Governor. It does not recom-
mend the removal of Duneicn Attorney Gar-
diner. Gov Roceevelt will be glad to
hear Attorney-General Davies eay anytiting
on the subject of the charges in behalf of the
State that he may wish to, but he wants Mr,
Davies to say {t soon so that the case may
decided and District Attorney. Gardiner
the persona who made the charges ainst
him shall not be kept in suspense much longet
If Mr Davies desires to make an argument
in the case, the District Attorney's lawyers,
will be invited to he present

Among the Tammany Hall distritt leaders
who returned from Saratoga yesterday it w
reported that Richard Croker, Chieftain o'
Tammany Hall, had told Mayor Van Wyok
not to make any answer to the Ice Trust
charges. Mr. Croker was quoted ans eartng

be
his

Governor's most

charwes were

that he expected that the Mayor worl

investigated anvhow, no matter. what

answer contained, and that tt would be better
to “let the charges stew in their own Jjutce”
than to add any Democratic flavor { the
Mayor does not make an answer it will delay
the appointment of a commissioner some
what, because there would be no disposition
on the part of anybody to press him for time.

 

CYCLIST SPITTED ON A WAGON POLE

Instantiy Killed in Harlem tn Trying to Aveta
a Collfson With a Car.

A workman about 35 years old, who last niaht
had not been identified, was instantly killed
yesterday morning while riding a bieyele at
10th street and Lexington avenue, by a baker's
wagon, the shaft of which penetrated his breast.

Frederick Lela of 16 East 100th street, the
driver of the wagon, was going west through
120th street on the north side of the street and
the bicyclist was coming éast on the opposite
side of the street, At Lexington avenue, the
rider, in trying to avoid a north-bound car, cuit
across the car tracks, heading directly for the
wagon, Before the driver could stop, the
rider banged into the shart Detectives Haw-
kins, Burns and Buckridge witnessed the ago
cident. One of them arrested the driver wh
the other two picked up the dying  bicyel
and carried him to the sidewalk, Before an
ambulance surgeon could reach him the man
was dead, The shaft had broken his breast
bone and had pierced a lung

‘The man's body was removed to the Harlem
Morgue, He was of medium height and had
fair hair and a mustache. He wore a blue
dumper. gray trousersandablack cap, A note
yook in one of hisipockets had the addre-ses
in German of Dr. Kubne, Summit avenue and
North street, Jersey City Heights, and P. Find-
ler of 194 Webster avenue, Jersey City Heights

Lela was committed to jail by Coroner Fitr-
yatrick in default of $2,500 bail, pending an
nquest

 

DOCTOR DEAD.

THE DOLLS

He Always Sald He Was the Original Worker
at the Trade—Heat Drove film to Parts Green,

John Lamb, who always declared that he
was the original “Doll Doctor,” was found
dead yesterday afternoon in his workshep at
Investigation showed
Hie sun said
vercome by

228', Colurnbus avenu
that he had taken paris creen
last night that Lamb had been o
the heat a week ago and since that tine had heen
morose and anxious to die Hie als ald that
there was no particular reason ‘or such a feeling
on his father’s part.

Lamb was past 70 vear
in Ireland and cite te this cc
go. He was a potter by tr
{ his trade when he first
dolls were taken to him to mene i
work ao well that he got re to pateh up
Soon he quit work as a potter and went into
business as a doll doctor. fle started In lower
Sixth avenue. Later he moved to Sixtteth
street and Madison avenue, still later to Third
avenue and finally to Columbus avenue. He
supported his wife and four children, who live
at 750 Sixth avenue, by his doll mending. Lie
‘was widely known among children

old. tHe was born
ntry forty years
e and worked
ne here. Then
and he did the

   

 

 

Centre of American Metropolis

Is Grand Central station of the New York Cenggal
in Forty second street, You can reach tt from a
minute to Aftern minutes from seventy-seven New
York hotels, eighty Ove clubs and thirty-one
Ade

|

es

ee as

+
—

Sa eS

_—anen

ee

an eee

eRe iaill

ee

nt

a

STS

a

as ve