RIOT DISTRICT AT PEACE.

NEGROES GO ABOUT I NMOLESTED, BUT
THE POLICE GUARD STAYS.

 

More Whites Thas Blacks is the Potice Coarts
fer Gharing tn the Eartier Disorder -A
Few Boys Were Arrested Yesterday — Negro
Gees Crasy om Account of His Fright.

 

The trouble between the biacks and the |

white rowdies on the West Side seemed com-
pletely over last night. The district in which
the rioting cccurred on Wednesday night was
al al) day yesterday but enough police
to quell any disturbance that might artes were
held on reserve all day and night in both the
West Thirtieth and West Thirty-seventh streets
stations. In the latter station which has been
the storm centre, Chief Devery and Inspector
Thornpeon made their headquarters Chiet
Devery drove through the nesghboring stree's
oooupled by negroes early last evening, put
be saw nothing to cause him to
there would be more rioting
Eighth avenue and the intersecting etreets
from Thirty-fourth Porty-second strect were
again crowded last night and 8 each Hock
there were three or four uniformed policemen
y ¥ t moet part was
=f a re Noy "tae of these youngsters
were 24 wid, oti Ks and were troublesome
Chief Devery, realizing the soseibility

freak {ror me slight disturbance
Sar them, sent from the Weet Thirty-
a> street station at @ o Gow & dozen

medic da we of plain clothes
joy cle padicemer ane score  a-n St

hore were hard to find on
Thomypeon srreeted
“to eee the fun.”

to drive thet
an ur afterward
Bighth avenue Inspector

 
   
  

f } bore who were out
oe they Put e Ther were taken before ( hief
Devery and he gwelled cut his chest, glared at
them and ecared them = were weeping
when ther were taker to the Gerry So
ct They came (for arta of the city

ne bettar clase of negroes who kept te their
hemes after dusk on Friday were out on the
etree! ¢ nie: none of then Was mo
, Te Se aueed the trouble

The ir
feshily dressed and pediamnonded fellows
who etrut and stanc around "he Sixth avenue

 

 

  

nons. kept well under cover. A pegro On
a. ind the riot ng had preved_went insane
ion a barber Shop at 3 West Thirty-ninth
, ‘ }
reet iaetr t Hi ad been chased Dr the
oon on Weds eday night. hiefmends said. He
eent to Kelevue Nospi ta
ere ving if the fat Louse at 0 West
Porty-fifth street told a jj» iceman yesterday
that a Wornaninthe house had been seriously
injured somehow and that she nee ded medica
astistance The policeman found a middie-
d German Woman, Who said thatshe was

ere

eration iss’ night re
vetter from the sisters of the Con-
Vincent de Paul at 215 West Thirty-

 
   

We sender our brartfelt ey >
tfamtir of palicemen and your
{ ine prayers of the sisters and

pern specially protected dy ro
t trying disturbance Have courage. trad will
wide and guaré } nretera for ihe a.pGntss Fou
five displayed to His oWD poor lsLe ones
es warning
arrest more whit

 

     

  

  

 

 

~ in the rote w .

enty productive of some good for out he

ty riot preoners arraigned vesterda)

the Weet Side ourt twelve were whites

O@ Thuredar there were only three white

out of nineteen. Moet of the prie

yoore were arrest#i because the pouce had

found revolvers or other Weapons nm their

om. Edward S_ Corbin a negro cigar

dealer who had teen found keeping of woth

his pisto] a crowd of white toughs who had

chased him a quarter of a mile sad he ought

Rot to have been arrested at a&

bad the revoiver.” said

acToes town to attend

waen't going to be killed

position.” said Magis-

trate roel, “rou are diecharged. You'll
b to leave that revoiver, but you can go ~

Ww the pegto bartender who

wes ed in Broadway just after he had

6 ¢-chiber revolver and 1 car-

to fit i, was fined $10 by Magistrate

ogen in Jeflerson market court Sol

Wright. 4 negro who had bees arrested

for ing a big clasp knife, was put under

to keep the peace for three months
wes much tak ip Mulberry street
y concern oq Oe charge: of aliered
tality in ndiir the negroes ip
Chief Devery d that if any one

pecuic ghar inst a patic

 

ro the conydaint and
if he fow

it justified, that the
be dismissed
“IT wont stand for any brutality,” said the

Cidet. “It bs the busines of the police te pro-
tect y, tt don’t make aur difference
ey are chinks, negroes or what they

ere. As far as using the club on rioters is
approve of tha: Thats under

my It's got to be done when a row

the street. That's no time for fon-
a ceman doesn’ carry his locust
with or wear as @ bouquet.”

POLICEMAN POWERSS SPRKE

Bho fs Fined Gio tm the Police Court and Is to
Be Tried by the Commissioners.

Policeman William A. Powers of the Meroer
wettest station, who was stripped of his shield
end bodied up in the West Thirty-seventh street
etaficw on Thursday night on a charge of in-
taxdoation, by order of Chief Devery, was ft
10 im the Wes! Side police court reeterdar
morning. Policeman Howard. who had been
compelled to club Powers in the street to make
ba ve up a revolver he was brandishing,

agietrate Cornel) that Powers refused
move on when ordered to do #0, was intox-
and weved lus revolver reckless
owere wae in pl dothes and had no business
the riot dietrict. Chief Devery reoog-
nised in the police stagon as the policeman
¥ six-year-old Dora Calaban for
were in Stuyvesant Park
oo ed her up and now I'l) lock you
Devery

trate Cornell in fining Powers reminded
t because be was @ policeman he had
the law even more carefully than any-
owers paid
eigned br Sergt Thompson of the
ee etreet station with acting Captain
ney of the Weet Thirtr-seventh street stauon
complaining wi"ness, were preferred against
E os

yesterday at Police Hieadquarters
eee of collecting a crowd at Thirty-
etreet anc Eig? th arenue, refusing to
mere on, warring is revolver, and being
unfit to perform police duty

 

Caneciets Preak Camp on Big island.

Worpemacene, ('nt.. Aug 17.—The meet of the
American Canoe Association. which has been in
peogress op Bic Island Lake Rosseau, since
Aos. & was formally concluded to-dar.
Most of the members will leave camp
teamerrow, though some wl! star until
Menday or later The total attendance
176, was considerably below the average of the
past few years. The meet in 1901 wll prob-

ably be beid in the Thousand Is-
lasds, near Gananoque At a meeting

of the Erecotive Committe of the associa-
tion held lest night ©. E Britton of Gananoque,
Ont., wae elected commodore The election fof

@ secretary and treasurer was postponed until
the next meeting of the comm! tee in October.

A compsrieon of the results of the regatta
@bows that the Toront) Cance Clu ¥on
fourteen of the twenty-four association events

and finished second in tweive. the prizes won
br the members were over forty, the
two MoNicha brothers alame winning fftee:

Fn Britann Bay Boating ‘lub won 34
te and f of sw second and the
New York Cance Club won two firsts and three
eo tm addition to both places in two

@ivigion even's not open to the association
y. The Tre@ton Canoe Club won one fret
and two second: and the other prizes « ere scat-
among individuals. Summarr of the
races to-day
Avantc Division Cup-Sai) 3 apd one half
mes-—Won by F C Moore New York Canoe Gud
Go MogTagpert N.¥.C.C, saconé oh. Hi Smythe
By sin Seine Time. | bou .
bn ia, Trophr—Atantic division wn
tersoniy—Won by G W. MacTaggan. N.Y et

 

MH. A Smythe. N Y seconé Time. 1 hour 37
Minutes 4 seconds
Toemaement—Wor dy Toronto Cance Cub E
MeNicbol ané R N Brown, M D With Phils
ané Db Pret. Newton Mass. second
unwale Paddling “Son by F MeNich Torrn to:

A MeNieX Toronto, second

Paééling Por Carling Cop

Won dy Britennia Bost Oud, Fe

L. Tureote ané A. J. Lynch Toronto

wh RW Wons RN. Biown T Hervey
MeNiehal second

bal’ mile with turn—
R YWeNel. W

ac

 

B. RB. T. tnspecter Accesed of Larceny.
WiBiam Stiles, 27 rears old. an inspector of
the Brooklyn Rapid Trans!: «

ompanr, Was
yesterday and held in ‘he Adams street
court on a charge of grand larceny. The

Officdals said that he was @ member

=. cegeatan? gang o! 7 emplorees who
ealing moter bearings and oth

@lectnc supplies. 2 sd

an, People and Better 1 People

than any other

So yeu will Beh gf + gy
ony

 

 

i columms thas th a

;

|

Cooney of the Weat Thirtr-

ee eee

 

 
  

 

STOLEN STRAD. RECOVERED?

   

 

Flechter Sure It Is the One Prof. Bett Lest
Woman Bought It for 830.
positire that they have |
Stradivarius violin that |
March, 1805, from the
Joseph Bott. They |
ere also positive that Victor Fiechter,
the man who was convicted on
a charge of rece ving stolen goods was unjusuy |
convicted. They believe that the violin pro-
duced at the trial of Plechter was not the one
stolen from Prof Bott, but that the one recov-
ered last night is the orginal violin
Victor Flechter was a violin expert and
dealt in musical instruments at 23 Union Square
Prof. Bott, a well-known violin teacher and
director of orchestras in New York, called
upon Flechter with a friend and said he was |
the owner of a famous Stradivarius that once |
had teen the property of the Duke of Co |
bridge Prot Bott had purchased
the instrument in Europe, paying $4,000 for
|
|

 

The police are
recovered the
was stolen in
home of Prof. Jean

it. He wanted Flechter to find « customer
who would bur it for $5,000. Flechter entered
into negotiations with Signor Nicolini, Mme.
Patti's husband, for the purchase of the violin
When Nicolint was about to sai) for Europe he
offered his check for $5,@0 for the instrument.
Prof. Bott wanted cash. Nicolin’ became an-
gered and refused to buy. Then Rott locked

the violin in @ case at his home
Two weeks iatera routs Dp
professors bome and, finding the ofeseor
Out eaid be woula wait for him e went
away iD @ Carriage and immediately ax"
3
died

nan oalied at the

tbe vious wee missed ibat was on Mar
jse5. Prof Bow grieved over bis loss an
tix months later

Assistant District Attorney Allen learned
that Flechter had in his p< jon a violin
similar to the stolen ong tt identified
it ae the etalen one nter wae them ar-
rested. He declared that the violin in his

wmeeesion bore the date i723. while the date
n Botte s was i723. He was tried in the Court
of General Sessions and convicted on May 1,

i998 On May 22 of the same year he was sen-
tanced to the penitentiary for one year. Un
dune #0, 1404, his counsel secured a certificate

of reasonable doubt, which stay his 6en-
tence. The case has been in the courte erer
since, and Pliechter has been at iiberty on bal

He rowed he would not rest unthi he found
the ofiginal violin to prove his innocence. |
Yesterday he visited Polce Headquarters
and infofmed Capt. McClusky that e had
looated the stolen violin in Brooklyr He
said that he advertised for an old Stradivarius
but received no answers. Finelir he found
@ man in Brookirn. James G. Parr of 2 At-
lanuc @ 1¢. who told him that he could find
& Stradivarius at the home of Mra. Amelia

    

    

Springer, who kept a talor « pplies store at
ais Jay street. Brookirn There. Flechter
he saw the violin that had been stolen

Prof Bdtt's home

last night Detective Sergeant Price went to
he Prookirn shop and was introduced t Mre
springer as the man who wanted to purchase |
the violin. She produced tt and asked §256 for !t
When told that !t waa the one that had been
stolen from Prof Bott she said she purchased
it from a New York tallor whome name she did

not know. He was one of her customers. but !
ashe had not seen him ina r She seid she
paid $80 for the tnetrument for the purpose of

presenting it to her son i
letectite Price brought the violin to Police |
Headquarters. It answers the deecription of
the stolen one inevery particular }
|

CUBAN TEACHERS IN LATE.

Delayed by Fog om Their Voyage From |

Boston.

Owing to a hearr fog off the coast the)
Cuban schoolteachers who left Boston on
Thursdar on four army transporta did not
reach here at the time ther were expected |
vesterday and consequentir the plans made |

 

for them by the Quartermaster’s Department
were sormewhat upeet. Inetead of the trans-
port fleet arriving bere in time 1.337
{ the partr to board the noon trains |
for Washington, it was not until evening that |
the first of the transports was within sight of |
Quarantine and the other three vemels strag-
gied in later. The transport McPherson, which
left Roston with the others, had the bh {

for the

them bere

nor of
giving her complement of teachers the first
sight of New York, but ehe did not reach Brook-
iyn untd W o'clock

A few hours after leaving Boston, her captain |
said, the transports ran imto a dense fog and
after vainir trying to keep together the vessels
became separated and did not see each other |
again during the trip. The fog gave the teach-
ers on the McPherson plenty of excitement, for |
it was so dense that the vessel had to faai her |
way along for fear of running down coasting
schooners. Of Cape Cod, the transport 1
grazed the stern of one The {og lasted pearly |
twelve hours, but after it disappeared the voy-
age Was @ pleasant one, very few of the teach-
ers being seasick

There was great disappointment shown,
however, when the offlcars toid them that
they would pot reach New York in time to see
the city. Most of them kept peering aheed
for the first sight of the harbor and when the
NMePherson finally turned her nose up the bar
there was a_perfect chorus of excamations
of delight. This chorus was renewed when
the lights of the city and the Brookirn Bridge |
were revealed. It seemed to be the most ap- |
propriate thing tosing and the teachers were

25%

or the belated trans-

¢

tugs scouring the harbor f
ports and the McPherson was met br f
theese half way up the bay. On board was
c. ¢ Mana, easistant superintendent

arty, who came bere in advance of {1

ti’ singing when Pier 22. Brookirn was |
reached i
Since noon Col A. 8 Kimball, the Assistant |
Quartermaster-reneral = here had had two i
i

one «

wf the

Mr

Mann shouted aomething 'n Spanish which |
in English meant: “How are you, Cubans?” |

to which there came a repir from AH voices, |
“We're all right” Then Mr Mann proceeded
to give some instructions through a speaking |
trumpet, while the traneport with her rails }
cro¥ proceeded up the ber

Mr iD we eee on Doard that the trains
were to start for Washington at 7 o’chock this
morning, and that breakfast would have to be |
eaten atS “I think you'd all better go to bed |
at once.” be shouted fn Spanish The teachers |
replied that they t ¢ they would, but most |
of them waited till the pier was reached, and

  

even then could hardly tear themselves away
from the sight of the lights and the d
shadows of the sk Whenever one |

of the party pointed out something notable the
others clapped their hands as 4 sian of their |
appreciation. On board the McPheraon there |
were ninety-six women and 110 men with sever-

 

 

 

teen guides. The latter were = pron demand

Each of 1 has 60 many under his charge |
and al) of , were kept busy anewertng
questions for fesepectivre parties fome

English, but a large pro-

of the teachers sy
for this reason the culdes

portion do not,
are ens.

The McPherson wes the ony, transport to |
dock last night Col. Kimb had arranged |
to hare two vessels lie in the harbor anc two
at the pier. The next to arrive the |
McPherson wast the Crook and ashe took her
place near Liberty Island. The ers on |
ner number 244. An hour later the Rawlins
with ™S came in. but the Se gwick was not
sighted until midnight. The Sodaws brings
4% womem teachers and will transfer them
at the pier to the ferrvboats. which are to
take the teachers from the transports to the
trains at Communipaw

In Washington the teachers are to be pre- |
sented to President MoaKinier They are to |
return from Washington on Sunday evening |
and Mondar they are going to West Point on |
ome of the lron steamnoats The teachers
day in New York will be Tyeedar, and their
first vielt wHl be to Colombia University, where
President Low is to deliver an address to them. |
In going around the city the teacbers wil! he
in paryes of fifty, each in chargefof a guide |

|
|

 

 

4

 

From Columbia ther will go in this fashion to
the, public school at 19@th etreet to listen to a
talk br Preaident (Brien of the Schoo Board
on the aity'« school system. Since their arrival
fr this country th teachers Mr. Mann said
had taken the ereatest pleasure {n fnepectir
echoo! tuildings and ther will be shown al!
through one of the best examples of New York's
archooie

About noon
enter Central
and walk the Mal!

henrmer

on Tuesdar the visitors will
Park at Seventr-seoond street |
Acting Mayor Gueger- |
meet them_on the lawn and hid |
Joome to New Tork. Merchants here |
inese with Cuba will bear the ex- i

i

 
   

pense of the banquet. which is to be served to
the teachers at 2 o'clock on the lawn
in the afternoon the entire party will take
epecial care for Battery Park, where there will |
{
j

Later

be a hand conce-t and a public reception. Wad-
neaday {« the day et for their Ceparture on the
transports for Pwilacelohia, where ther will
spend one dar and then s art for Cuba

 

HER BODY DISINTERRED.

' Coreeer Informed That Maria Le Via Was)
Mordereé—Nothing to Show It. }
The body of Maria La Via of S31 Lexington
avenues roung woman who died on Aug «°
ard was buried two dars later in Calvary Ceme-
tery, Was disinterred yesterday br order of |
Coroner Zucca, to whom a relative ef the |

worman had expreseed the opinion that she had
been murdered The body wae taken to the
Morgve, woere Coroners’ Ph: sician O'Hanlon |
made an autopey on it by order of the Coroner |
The bodr was too far decomposed to enabie Dr |
O'Hanlon to determine the cause of death |
It will be helc at the Morgue until] Coroner
Zucea, who is now out of town, is beard from. |

‘

| GEN.

| puot was the outcome «
| brain. Gen

| patch is dated Aug. 18

| have now returned

      

 

 

BROTHA IN THE PLOT,

CHIE WITNESS SAYS THE PRISONER
TOLD HIM 50.

Gen. Roberts Was to Be Turned Over to Bim
~Lheat. Cordaa’s Friends Describe Him as
Eccentric and Say the Whele Pian Was His
Own—Rebderts Reports an Engagement.

Spectal Cable Despetehes to THE SUN
Prom THE StUx's Correspondent at Pretoria

Pretoria, Aug. 17.-At the trial to-day of
Lieut. Cordua, formerly of the artillery of the
Transvaal, who is charged with being con-
cerned in the plot recently discovered here to
kil) the Sritish officers and abduct Gen Rob-
erta, Judge-Adrocate Godfey announced that
the Court had decided to allow the prisoner
the privilege of counsel. Advocate Easelen,
who had been requested to appear for the ac-
cused and who yesterday characterized the
proceedings as a farce, was not in court to-day
and Solicitor Berrang! was selected to appear
for the defence

The prosecution presented further evidence
disclosing Cordua’s attempts to gein adherents
to the piot. Counsel for the defences cross
examined the witnesses and endeavored to
bring out that the plot was instigated br one
Gano, a British detective. Counsel also sought
to show that the accused was eocentric and that
lately he had been under the continual influence
of liquor. The uniform of Montmorency’s
scouts, which the prisoner was wearing when
be was arrested, was produced in court. The
prosecution has bot ret closed ite case

A force is now on the wary to drive the Boers
out of Horne’s Nek and Malagresberg

PRETORIA. Aug. !7.-—-At the trial to-day of
Lieut. Cordua of the Staats Artillery, for com-
plicity in the plot to murder British officers and
abduct Lord Roberts, Burgher Dutoit testi-
fied that Cordua asked hic assistance on Aug 4
in a blg enterprise which he said would stagger
Furope. Cordua then developed his plan to
seize the officers, while he (Cordua) abducted
Lord Roberts and handed him over to Geo
Botba, the Boer commander-tn-chief who was
behind Becket’s kople a few miles outside
Pretoria. Dutolt testifed that Cordua dis-
plared a paper full of cipher words which he
alleged was a letter from Gen. Botha and which
proved that the Boer General was cooperating
the plotters. The witness testified that
he refuesd to take any part in the echeme and
informed the local constabulary of what was

 

 

 

going or
Loxpow, Aug 1& —That Gen De We, as Gen
Roberts fears, bas once more escaped the

British, though disappointing, cannot be said
to be surprising to the English people, who
deed, give ‘he Boer General the full praise for
his magnificent work

The greatest interest is centred in Lieut.
Cordua'’strial A Pretoria despatch describes

THE SUN, SATURDAY, A

 

|

bim ass young German, who was naturalized |

a few years ago As an official of the
Pretoria Museum and a volunteer officer af
artillery he was eft in Pretoria last October by
B tha to hand over the Wonderboom forw
to the Britsh. His fr ends have for a long tme
d=scribed bim as being highly eccentric. The
f a madcap eDthusiast s
Roberts, the desjatch add<
is equally loved by the Boer and British res)-
dents owing to his considerate and humane
demeanor When the British empilored secret
service agents early in June to test pr minent
Boers. suggestions of a plot of air. lar nature
met with dec ded and universal refusals

The Morning Posts Pretoria correspondent
describes Cordua as a well-tailcred young ruf-
fan. He is bullet beaded, Dut not unpieasing
facially. The correspondent adds that he never
saw 6 cooler prisoner Thec.ijef witness against
him, Da is a soft-spoken cresture. He is
a tbhoroughis slimy informer and is more gen-
erous with his information than any Fenian.
He showed badiy under the prisoner's cros-
eran instion, every curstion tending to show
his previous complicity im the plot.

WET RELEASES PRISONERS.

Ge

   

 

DE

Teok Only the British Officers With Him Whee
He Flieded Kitchener.
Special Cote Despatches to THR SUN

Loxpon, Aug. 17.—A despatch from Pretoria
confirms the report that Gen. Chrisuan De Wet
has succeeded in eluding Gen. Kitchener and
making good his escape

Another Pretoria despatch saye that Gen
De Wet succeeded in escaping through his
superior knowledge of the country, in spite
of the most strenuous effartw of Kitchener to
overtake him

Caper Town, Aug 17.—Gen De Wet has
released al) the British prisoners in his camp
except the officers

The War Office has recetved the following
despatch from Gen. Roberts

“Pretoria, Aug. 17.—Hunter's engagement

on Aug. 15 was a bigger affair than he jed me to |

eupmeee in first telegram Three of the
Alighiand light Infantry were killed and thirty-
three wounded. Seven others of the carps

were also wounded One is missing A Lieu-

his

| tenant died of his wounds

“Il much fear that De Wert has managed to
elude his pursuers by, I imagine, breaking up
his foroes into small bodies He was last heard
Rustenburg. Kitchener's latest de-
He reported that he
was pressing to Hoares assistance from the
southeast

“Carrington was resterday at Otteshoop, a
little east of which Erroll’s Yeomanry was en-
gaged with the enemy ~

Gen Hunter's action, mentioned tn Gen
Roberts's despatch, had not been previously re-
ported. It is presumed that he bad an engage-
ment with Gen. Olivier south of Helibroa.

of near

STRANDED AMERICANS IN PARIS,

Christian Fndeavorers Have Boston Tourist
Agency Tickets That Are Out of Date.
Special Cats Depexh t Tee SUX.

Loxpox, Aug 18-—A despatch to the Daily
Mew from Pans sars that manr Americans
chie@y Christian Endeavorers. are stranded
in that city. Ther state that they paid a Bose
ton tourist agency from 8350 to §500 apiece
for the trip. but the burning of the North Ger-
man Liord steamers Main and Sask at Hobo-
ken delayed them, and consequently their hotel
and railway coupons are out of date. The
agent did his beet to assist them and telegraphed
to his customers. of whom there were severa]
hundred in Lucerne. Geneva and Venice to
return to Paris. Many of them, chiefir women,
and ere wondering how
ther are going 'o reach their homes. Many
are practically without funds

NEW TREATIES WITH SPAIN.

Minister Storer to Arrange Them With the
Foreign Office at Madrid.

Special Cedls Despatch to THE SUN
Lowpos, Aug. 18 —A despatch to the Stend-
erdfrom San Sebastian, Spain. ears that Mr
Storer, the American Minister, wil) immediately

proceed to arrange with the Foreign
Minister the final text of a treatr
of friendship and genera) relations,

the final cutcome of the Treaty of Paris It will
include a Consular convention The Ministers

, have also pegotiated a more comprehensive ex-

tradition treatr, enabling more effective dea)-
ings th Anarchis's

Spaic des re: latera treaty of commerce for
direct relations between the United States and
Spain, with separate arrangements providing
for Spanish trade in Cuba.

 

PLorT To KItt AW

Man Arrested for Lurking Suspicicusly Areand
the Palace at Palermo.
Seria! Cabie Despaich to THE SUX

Patervo, Aug. 17.—A man who was lirking
suspiciously around the court of the palece
of Archbishop Celestia was arreted
and charged with intent to assassinate the Arch-
bishop. The prisoner gave the name of Antonio
Polit. He carried « dagger exactly like the
one used by Laccheni when he killed the Em-
press of Austria.

ARCH BISHOP.

to-day

|

{
|
i

|

LLL LL LLL LLL LLL LA

 

ARRESTED ON BOARD SHIP.

Secret Service Men Nab a Couple of Itallans
Here.

Secret Service Agents Heury and Hazen and
United States Maraha) Bernhard boarded the
steamer Kaiser Wilhelm Il. when ahe arrived at
her dock in Brooklyn yesterday and placed un-
der arrest two Italians who said they were Na-
tale Morweca and Michael Guido Guido was
found among the coalpassers and Moresco had
been employed as « steerage steward since the
steamer left Naples. The officers of the ship
Were not informed as to the nature of the
charges against the prisoners, but {t was said
that both men were known as Anarchists tn
Italy and that their arrest wes made at the in-
stigation of the Italian Government. The
presence of Marsha) Bernhard gave foundation
to this report. He is not legally attached to
the United States Marshal's office in this city,
but for years he has acted as an agent in New
York for different foreign Governments, ¢s-
pecially in the capture of criminals feeing here
from foreign porta.

Chief Officer Lang of the Kaiser Wilhelm
said last night that there was something mys-
terious about the pmeonera, presencegaboard
the ship. Moresco came aboard at Naples and
asked for a job as steerage steward on the trip
to New York. After being closely questioned
by Purser Julius Myers he was set to work
in the place he had applied for, which is
one that carries no pay with it and
which was to terminate when the
ship arrived here if Moresco so desired.
Guido also came aboard at Naples and stood
around among the steerage passengers. He
was asked by one of the officers if he had «
ticket and replied that he did not, but wanted

to work bis passage to Americn. He was
told that he might get a chance at passin
coal Shortly afterward he went to the chie
engineer and tojid him that he bad been sent
by one of the offlcoers to report for duty as a
coal passer and (he chiefengineer took his name
aoa put him to work. No one aboard the ship
remembers seeing the two men together during
the voyage and to all appearances they were
strangers. They attracted litle attention and
both attended strictly to their duties

When the Secret Service men boarded the
steamer yesterday they asked if any new men
had joined the crew at Naples. They were
informed of the ciroumstances connected with
the hinng of Guido and Moresca The ooal-
passers and steerage stew Were lined up
on deck and after looking them over Agent
Hazen pointing to Guido apd Moresca, sai
“These are the two men we want.” The pris-
oners were then handcuiled and taken away

Chdef Officer Lanz said last night that he could
pot find out who gave Guido orders to report
to the chief engineer for duty. The two men,
he expi could easiils have made their
escape from the ship before the Getectives
boarded bar had they been anrious to do so

Great secrecy was maintained as to what
was dope with the prisoners. They were not
taken to Ludlow street jail, the customary
place of incarceration for United States
oners arrested by the Secret Service officers
inthie city Iths aaid that they had been taken
to the Barge Office. w here they would be detained
until further notice, but none of the officials
at the Barge (fice woud furnish any informa-
tion about them or even admit that they were
there

It became known last night that a prominent
Italian of this cty hed notded the Washing-
ton author'ties some time ago that Moresas,
who, he said, was an Antarchiet, was about
to eal for thie country from Napics
later it was learned that More-ca
was on the Kaiser Wihelm II Then
( hief Wilkie of the Secret 8 «rrioe made careful
pen: for the arrest of the man when the ship
arnved bere Upon hearing from the steam-
ebigre off ers that Guido f also come aboard
at Naple- it was decided to detair , eo
jhe men were not formaliy arrested upon the
Kaeser s arrival, but were taken to the Bares
(fice with the immigrants who had come over
on the ship. Their trunks were sezei, how-
ever, and they will be carefully examined
to-day

Moresce and Guido are being detained on the
technioa! charge of bet-g ex-convicts, but it is
said that this course was resorted to because
warrants that had been forwerded from Waeab-
ington were found to be defective Proper
Warrants wi. be received this evening

WastInoton Aug. 1} Immigration Com-
missioner Fitchie has been asked by Treasure
ofMficiais to aeport Natabe Moresca and Michael

 

bn

Guido, the two liallan immigrants detained
last night om the Kaiser Wilheim J] at New
York by order of Chief Wilgie of the Secret
Service. Chief Wilkie said this afternoon that

one of the immigrants is an ex-convict and the
other of bad quprecer and that he thought «®
advisable to inform the immigration author-
ities of these facts. Extra care ls being taken
br the Secret Service to watch al] movements
of Anarchista who are known and to prevent
the land ng of any suspected persons

 

CRANK WRITES TO MISS CRAVELLO.
Sends a Postal in Care of Mrs. Breeci From
the "Great White Threar.”

Mrs. Gaetano Breact, who f* *he wife of the as-
eassin of King Humbert of Italr, and who hives
at 368 Clinton sranue. Weet Hoboken, received
@& postal card yesteriar actdrassei to
Craveio of Paterson, care of Mrs. G. K. Brasci
West Hoboken. \ J The card bore the post-
mark of Loe Angels, Cal On the reverse
Gide was written tne following

“Gaeat Warte THRONE
“Tue ErErNat Now

“1. Lewis. the ving Goi. hear rou don't
believe in «me G Nevertheless, I ex
63-353) is (49) * Not every one who takes:

roy Holy name in vain believes lam (¢1011-5.4
The Lord Lewis, The Law, The Divine Dynan
It ts (9.18) all h mbug to think that the removal
of Humbert will help poor people on My Planet
leave it to lewis #22 18) and learn there
f< 1.18 6.8 no priest. Judes or pence of anr
account whoit (41-4) not appointe i ani anocintes.

“By the Lor: Lewis is 14.25

“The Light. The Judge of Right
“Rev. 1015."

Mrs Bresacd turned the postal over to the

West Hoboken police

 

 

 

 

OBITUARY

Thomas Jeflarson Powel! cied of paraireis on
Weadinesday at his home 881 Hanoock street,
Brooklyn, in his seventy-ninth rear. He wasa
native of Fairfax county, Va. In early life
he was a stage driver through the mountains
of Tennesse He was one of the leading
merchants of Knorville when the civil War
broke out, and when Gea Burnsi-e tack pos

“e

    

 

session of the city he with his four ehfidrer
leaving al) his propertr r except
an larg¢ amount of Confecerste moner, which
he imvestei in bacco, ana subsaguentr
passe? through the lines by permission. as he
claimed. of esicent Lincoln Gen. Grant

confiscate: the p erty Since the close of
the war. Mr Powell made repesie: eforts to
secure reimbursement from the Gorernment,
end curing President Clevreland’s term the
claim passed through pengress, but was vetoed
by him Mr. Powell leaves three som. John

& Powell. a wholesale silk cealer in Manhattan,

Robert W_ Powell. 5 alk Gaaler in St Joseph.

Mo., end omas Jeflerson Powell. Mayor of

Fort Worth, Kan

ant leurs i Razer, ; E2en">
dieda ome © ter, Mr

James B Davis, of BloomfeM. NJ resterday

morning. She was & years old. and was a

daughter of Wilklam Van Taseell. who at one
time owned the greater part of Blaeckwel!s
Isjand She is eurvived by four children, As-
sessor Samuel H. Baxter Mrs M A. Davis
and Thomas B Baxter of Bloomfield. and Mrs
Charlotte Ramey of New Rochelle, N.Y

The Rev. Geoege R. Wh rector of St.
Paul s Epteconal Church of Southington, Conn.
died yesterday of typhoid fever at Minnewaska
lake, Ulster county, N.Y He was ® y
old and was the son of Mr and Mre George F
Wileon of Albany, N.Y He graduated from
Trinity College in 1983 and during his college
dars was a noted foothell plarer

soe Ballard. a well-known citizen of New-
fie ‘onn., died on night. He was
¢i years old. He ts ved br three children,
Relerde contractor of Stamford James

Ballard, Postmaster of Darien, and Mrs.
Prank Weed of Norwalk

Relle Armetreng. the Actress. Dead.

Belle Armstrong. who had been with the
Casino and the Weber & Fiekis companies,
diei on Thuredar in a private hospital on Weet
Fiftr-stzth street. She was the daughter of

the late James J Armstrong, who had extensive
steam boiler manufactorie at Springfield, Ohio,
and Muncie, Ind. Miss Armstrong was 2)
years old She went on the stage five years
ago and played leading parts in the Calboun
Opera Compeny throughout the West

Two veare ago she came to the city, and
she and her sister, Nettie, engaged with Weber
4 Pieids, playing emall parts She afterward
went to the Casino. and was in the “Beile of
New York” company that went to London
While spending the summer at Arverne-br-
the-Sea with her mother and sister Miss Arm-
strong became il) with pleuro-p: @imonia three
weeks azo was bu yesterday in
Calvary Cemetery on Long Island

Lawyer Meteger Dies at Saratogs.

SanaToos, Aug. 17 —Bernard Metager, aged
47, a lawyer, of |77 West Ninetr-eeventh street,

New York, died at his cottage ere to-day He
was in Saratoga for the benefit of his health
He leaves a w.dow and two sisters.

if You Haven't Tried It Before
Begin now, aed barn what other summer

Teeort edvertierrs have Giscovered tb advertie
ing i2 Tee Sce. resul: Gemrable, wel-pay-
a chosuen adn” “s

UGUST 18, 1900.

 
 
 
 

——— eee
ee

“Miss |

| be absurd

oe
ee a

 

THE AUTHOR CRITICISES AND SPURNS
THE 400 SOCIAL SET

Ie am Address om O14 Home Week tn New
Bampebire Mr. Page Says Society Does Not
Repr.semt the Real American Home—He
Classes the Showy Rich With the Freaks.
Cowcorp, N. H. Aug. 17 —-New Hampshire's

Old Home Week was brought to a close by 4

celebration in thie city today. Church chimes

played “Home Sweet Home,” and all the bells
of the city were rung at sunrise and at sunset.

The principal exercises were held at the fair

grounds this afternoon, where a programme of

sports was followed by literary exercises and

a display of fireworks this evening. The after-

Roon speakers included Gov. Rollins, Senators

Chandler and Gallinger, the poets Will Car-

leton and J. T. Trowbridge and the author |

Thomas Nelson Page. The latter made a speech
that caused much comment. He said

*I have always been struck by the sincerity
which I have found in the American. Unfor-
tunately for our reputation, the phase of home
life which is most frequently brought into
public notice is one which, if it can be called
home life at all, is certainly not representative
of American home life It is that which is
found in certain peculiar circles of certain large

cities in this country. This is the home life

which is most frequently referrei to and ac-
vanced in the public prints, possibly because
it is the most extraordinary form that domestio
life has ever taken in this country. Unhappily

for us, it goes abroad as being a constituent |

part of our home life: and very ridiculously it
is tmagineid, perhaps because it so imagines
itself and asserts itself, to be the highest form
of our homelife 1 thank God for my part that
itis not only not the highest form of American
life, but that itisno pert whatever of American
homeiife itis only a counteriet presentnent
of what it esteems to be a form of foreign fash-
jonablelife ithas not even the virtue ol having
ite Vices sincere.

“A preacher, and 1 have no doubt @ good
preacher and a good man. preached the other
day before this people or that segment of them
Wat goes to clrurch a sermon calling their at-

 

  

tention to thelr duties ifn pian and Sie
} for which he has been inuc

jusuy praised in the newspapers of the coun-
wy ut the Rev. Dr. Hamuton is the rector

of a New York church, and the New York {np
which his church is situated is not the least
provineial section of this countrs lt arro
gates itself lo be asort of sacred and forbidden
city within the outer city of New York proper

“The major portion of she congregation
which he addressed at Newport the other dar
belongs to that New York, and to such syoo-
phants as can buy a bolding within its bor
and the reverend preacher, in order to make
his sermon go down with his congregstion
used an argument, which, in the interest o
American civilation, | must repudiate. rie
told them thst they must remember thet
000,00 of American citizems had the gaze
fastened upon them and looked to them as
the exemplars, applying their energies and
spend ng their lives in endeavoring to emulate
them know not how to characterize such
nonsense except io the plain vernacular. With
such insenaate flattery pouring into their ears
no wonder that lire set of «ded imitators
lose their bearings, become olinded and fall
inwo the ditch of folly and profiigacy.

*i make eo bold as to assert that there are
pot only pot 8.000 G@) of people in this coun-
try who sit with envious, i not adoring gare
fastened upon that spectacle of divorced and
doubly divorced men and women and their
ercophants and parasites: but that outside of
their own circie, there are not 80,000 people is
alli America who do not reprobate and deride
their arrogance

 

It is true that thelr doings
are chronicied and doubtless read by milbons
in the weekly ‘curnale but so are the acts of
freake and malefactors, inchiding characters
who are unmentiona

“And the reverend preacher doubtless has
lived so close to the sources from which these
reports have emanated that he has become
dagzied aod lost his bearings: but if he would

  
 

     

go abroad, and when 1 say abroad 1 do not
mean to © antries, but abroad in this |
broad land, and ae the American people in |

 

their homes, he would find that
he addressed himself on that occasion were far
from being held in the esteem he stated. Ther
mistake notoriety for fame, brazenness for
eplendor and prominence for exaltation.”

 

NOT READY FOR A REPUBLIc.

Ove Cubase Party Sars It Is Too Seon fer an
Election.

Special Codie Deanaich to THE StS

Hatasa, Aug. i7.--About four thousand pere
sons attended the mass meeting of the Demce
ratic union at the Tacon Theatre last night
The better element was well represented. The
Ame? cans are much surprised br an attack
pon the administration of Eusebio Hernan-
dem. one of the speakers, who eaid that the
Americans did not understand their bu«iness
This was especially surprising, coming from

the party which wished to prolong the inter- |
vention eo that the island might enjoy the |
benefit of law and order while good govern-
ment was beng organized It is said that the

attack was made for the purpose of securing

  

votes. Some members of the party sar that
Hernandez did not attack the American na-
tron, but only some indir als. Ther aleo

say that Cubans who deserve blame were not
sparad

Seftor Gorin. another speaker declared that
¢ government in Cuba would
Cuba was naturally
If the island was divided inte

a federal form

one whole
States Santiago

would have to be delivered to the negroes. who

would turn it into a second Harti. The tcland

could not support the ex pense «
of government

Sefior Giberga said that the clause of the
otder calling the oonstitufional convention
which provides thet the relations between Cube
and the United States shall be settled by the
convention should be stricken out. He called
upon all parties in the island to protest against
the incorporation of these relations in the onn-
stitution. as provided for br the order and to
refrain from voting if the clause is not removed
He declared that the island was not prepared

fa federal form

to hold an electior
Montoro Hernande? also said that the island
was not ready fr an electi lt wat evident

from the tone of the speeches that the partr ts |

n no hurry for a test of strength. Though the
meeting was well attended the strength of the
party cannot be gauged by the number present
It was more than likely that many of those who
attended were attracted by the «pesiers who
bare great reputations in Oube as orators.

LaLuche says the meeting Wes « ereet success,
it beimg the most important since the interven-
tion of the United States. The [tecusion con-
gratulates the Democratic Union upon the
meeting

 

TWO BOYS SHOT IN A STREFT DUEL,

ned eee

One Killed They Were Dedging Beliets That

Flew Betweee Two Italians.

Ap eight-year-old bor was shot and killed
and apother bor was wounded in the shoulder

in a fusillade between lialans at Hester and |

last evening. The bor killed |
| were at Corea and the remainder st Chefoo

Mott streets
was Antonio Caplia of 117 Mott street. A bul-
let entered his right ere and he died an hour
later in Hudson street boepital, Antonio
Celbina of 115 Mott street was the other bor
His wound is not dangerous. Frank Miro,
@ one-arined fruit vender with a bad record,
is locked up charged with shooting the boys
The shooting began between Miro and An
tonio Maosini of 855 East Twelfth street. With
two others ther were arguing at thecoorne of
Mott and Hetter streets just after 6 o'dlock
Suddenty the four separated, the three running
from Miro who stood still and began firing at
them. According to br-standers, who didn't
stand by very long. Mansini stopped at the
opposite corner and returned Miro's fire ip

all, eight show were fired, some, it is said. by |

still another Italian. Policeman Nelson beard
the shooting a block away and ren toward the
corner. Miro ran from him into an alley
at 172 Hester street, scrambled over a fence
and rap through a hallway dropping something
as he ran. which a woman picked up. Nelson
finally caught Miro as he was scrambling over
@ second fence

Other policemen ‘ound the two wounded
bore iring inthe street. Ther had been hit
while dodging up Mott street to esampe the
bullets
arrested later What started the row
the police couldn't find out. Miro, ther
say, shot a man in Brookirn five rears ago and
three rears aco shot another man, but escaped
Punishment each time.

+ ,

SCORED BY T. NELSON PAGE. | 7

|
|
ie and water supplies were nearly
}
|

fused
of maseacre were sent out from Shangha and

pose to whom |

terday, after the allies had left Tung Chew ler
:
|
}

Maneini e-caped forthe tme, but was |

 

—

See "’"’™”’”“C#éCéié‘#“SN

ENVOYS FATE LONG IN DOUBT.

 

| Pekin Cut Of Since Jane 3—Bombardment of

Legations Began of Jane 20.

The Boxer uprising became 60 serious

in May that Minister Conger and the other for-
eign representatives in the capital called for
marine guards for the legations This action
was only decided on after vain efforts to get
the Chinese Government to take tome effective

| measures to suppress the Boxers. The marines
| were landed from the warships at Taku on May
| 99 and after some hesitation the Viceroy of
| Chi-li province provided a special train to take
i
!

ate

them to the capital. The force consisted of
850 officers and men. The American contip-
gent was made up of seven officers and fifty-
six men, in command of Capt. John ID. Myers.
Three days after this force reached Pekin
| the Boxers destroyed parte of the railroad be-
| tween the capital and Tientsin and from that
| date, June 8, the fate of the foreigners was in
doubt.
Prince Tuan, father of the hetr-apparent
a bitter anti-foreigner, had become head
| of the Teung-li Yamen, and on June 11 the
| Japanese Chancellor of Legation was killed
by the troope of the Emperor's guard which
had organized. Tung Chow had been
| attacked and missions burned and there were
rumors thats large force of Boxers was march-
“foreign devils.”

British legation, which was best suited for
defence.

lo response to the general demand for
their epeedy relief British Admira) Seymour
started from the coast on June 1! with a mized
| eotuma, including 915 British, sa Germans,
90 Ruesians, 156 Frepob, 104 Americans, 52
| Japanese, 40 Italians and 25 Austrians. Re-
| porta from Pekin at this time said that 10,000
Chinese troops under Geo. Tung Fu Hsiang
were prepared to prevent Seymour's men
from entering Pekin. Seymour advanced
siowly, repairing the railway, until he got to
Lang-fang, about half way to Pekin. The
Chiuese were fighting him bard, the work of
repairing the railway was very dificult, his
ei-
hausted and be had so many wounded to care
for that he decided to turn back. For some
days there was doubt about his fate, but he
was finally rescued late in June br another
expedition from Tientain.

The assassination of the German Minister,

Baron von Ketteier and the destruction of inany
of the legations had been announced from Hong
| Kong on Saturcay. June 16, by a staf corre
| sponsent of Tag Stn. After many conflicting
| reports, Von Ketteler's death was geverauy
| aomitted ip messages to this country and
Europe on July 1
at Oecame Known on June SO that the Chinese
bad, on June 19, given the Ministers twentr-
four hours to leave Pekin, which they had re-
to do. Thereafter persistent reports

j
|
1
|
| capital were said to bave taken refuge in the
|
|
|

elsewhere, to be prompuy denied by the Chi-
nese Vicerors in the south and the Ministers
in this country and Europe. Keports on July
5 deciared that all the foreigners were dead
and thattheEmperor and Emprese Dowager
had been poisoned. A mestage, in which Sir
Robert Hart declared the situation “desperate”
on June 25, was followed by more reports of
torture and death. On July 12 !* was admitted
that no authentic word of the legations
had come from Pekin since June 34
The Chinese Government first approached
this and other Governments in an edict of June
| 26, received by Minister Wu in Washington on
|} July 10. Secretary Hay at once asked. and
Mr. Wu agreed. that a message to Minister
Conger should be sent through Chinese channeis

fate

of communication. There followed ten dars
of detailed reports of massacte. Then came
the attack on Tient«in, in which Col Liscum of

the Ninth United States Cavairy, fell on July 13,
and the capture of the native city on the fol-
lowing dar

The first message from Corwer, the genuine
ness of which was doubted both here and in
Europe, was received by Minister Wu on July
12 t was undated. and read “In British |e
gation under continua! shot and shell fire from
Chinese troops Quick relief only can prevent
genera] massacre.” The lnited States urged
upon the other allies the necessity for imme-
diate advance of the relief expedition from

   

Tientein. without waiting for the desired 50.100
men. The advance guard of the relief column

actualy started out on Aug. 2? for Pekin, 16,40
strone

Complete anarchy In Pekin was meanwhile
enortad on July ie Minister Wu heard from

rector of Te'agranhs Sheng that \ ung Ta.
for the Imperial Government, was supplring
| the foreigners with food en ap varia.

| @ ict dated July 2 declared that the Ministers
were heli ns hemages Gen. Tung Fu Hsierg
had threstenei to kill them all, it was saia,
in case the allies marched on Pekin
A message of Sir Claude Mactonald cleared

in
British Minister ¢xplained that his legation
hai been bombar<.i from June 28 to July 14
«ince which time there had been an armistice
Later reports said ‘oat Yung Lu had arranged
the truce

The second Conger message received on
duly $1. rerorted our Minister and his famflr
*all well” on duly 21. The lessen of the foreign-
ers up to this time were) Germans, 19 Japan-
ese 10) =French 11 Rritieh. 5 Russians, ¢
Americans? Italians. 7 Native Christians 9
At jewet 7.0 of the Chinese aseailants were
bel: ved to hare heen killed br the defend-
ere of the British lecation

The apparent treacherr of the Chinese Goevr-
ernment was told in adespatch receired by the
London Times on Aug. 2. from ita Pekin cor-
recsrondent, Dr. Morrison. The Rezere were
eaid to have been encouraged br the Govern-
ment even while {t wes offering safe esa rt
to the Ministers and negotiating with their
home Governments. Prince Tuan, !t was as-

 

 

 

| werted. informed the Ministers that their Gov-
ernments had ordered their withdrawal from
the Chinese capital

The rapid adrance of the relief column after
| {te reconnocisances near Tientein has been re-
cently told. The Chinese were defeated on
Aug. ¢at Peitsang. eight miles from Tiertsin.
in a hattl lasting seven hours The Insses
suffered br the allies were placed s« high as
1.300 men out of the total of 16.990 Two dares
later, at Yangteun, the allies again routed the
Chinese, losing on this occasion some > or
mean
Gen Chaffee reported from Matow that the
frooge suffered severely from extreme heat,
ut that
| natives had heen met in the more rapid advance
The occupation of Tung Chow, onlr_a few mile
from Pekin, occurred on Aug. 12. The Chinese
| troons had then 4ed to the capita)
China’s arreals to the various Governments
| did not interrupt the advance Request« for
*mediation” were met with firm demande on
the part of the United States and the other
allies Ti Hung Chang was appointed to treat
for “peace” where no declaration of war had
heen admitted Hie propesal to deliver the
Ministers to the allied force at Tung Chow was
or

 

submitted at Washington br Minister
Pekin

 

FLIGHT OF THE MISSIONARIES.

 

Another Budget of Interesting Tales From
China.

Letters received in thie city yeeterdar from
Presbrterian misdonaries im China oon
tain information concerning the looting of
several Baptist missions. Dr James B Nea),
formeriy stationed at the Chinan-fu Presby

terian mission, West Shantung, wrote under
Gate of July 12, that of the Tung
Chow missionaries the Rev. J. P Irwin and

his wife and the Rev H.W. Lnce and his wife
The Rev. Hunter Corbett of Chefoo tm a let
ter of July 11 received br the Presbrterien

Chefoo became so threatening that on July 3
Consul Fowler issued an order advising 4)!
non-combatants to leave Chefoo at once for
Jeanran. Mr Corbett wrote tn part as follows

} “Mr wife and children are now at a hote!

| more than @ mile east of our home and near
the rioting edge I have joined tn chartering
a jar@e junk, which has been stored with pro-

| visions end anchored near the hotel, a tnat
all ‘rp the botel in case of danger can rash into
| the Junk as speedily as possible and get out of

| the range of the omnes
| The Ret terich wrote from Chef:
| under date of July 11 in as follows 5
“Consul Fowler sent a jong despatch July 10
to the Governor of the Shantung province
thanking him for the protection he ren:
| dered American missionaries and for safely
guarding them to the coast. He placed a!!
| the American property in his care and acked
j him to reeponsible for it and to instruct
| hie wubordinates to — the same and the
!

i
Se yesterday sars that the situation at

t this was ftmpeortanr
fect that a proclamation had
bir from Prince Tuan,
inciting the people of
the province to rfee up and destroy the foreien-
ereand their entire premises This was alrend
osted in one of two places and did miechief
wefore it WAS Supp
} “At Ching-chow, forty miles west of Wei-
| hien, the Engiish Baptist mission and the nrem-
| fees of Dr atsor, were looted The South

Bartist mission ises at Ping-tu, forty
miles east of Wel-hien, hare also been looted
and we expect to hear of others The district

the situation somewhat on July . The

 

little opposition om the part of the |

 

We're “up to time” on every
wearable for man or boy, whether
it be clothes, shoes, hats or fur.
nishings.

But our time is up at twelve
today.

Rocers, Peer & Cowpayy.

265 Broscwar, cor, Warren
and 7 and ® Warren KH

649 Broadway, cor Prisoe

126° Broadway. cor. 324
and 44 West 334 St

We a! orders
by mail

 

official at Wei-hien is entirely to blame for t)«

    

joss of the Presbyterian nm there, as he
had plenty of time to sen

Mr terich added tha Charies Lewis
who was stationed at the Ichow-fu mise

nied surgeon
Deoll
Presb rterian Miss
eu-ling under date

had been apyx
rm L Y

    
 
 
 
  
  
 

ing @ emall rint which occurre .
ure of the missionaries e
wrote in part as follows
“In Siang-tan eversthit

peaceful and we hadr

the despatches reached us }
parture The arrangements for ewer

ir two releble frier

laced in the hands of «

  
   

‘

Mr. Tru ar They rent
houseboat Shu eent his owr .
coolles to o- hag e alte: al
boat. But “ At ngle not k e
of these ‘nts. hired other ‘
with the juence of a fight t

“gt

two seta rousir
at®9P M and
to atay or @ Mr. L
ing with them ver Would hot ed
In the midst of the hubbub the head officia!’

* populace

‘+ wok dangerou

 

$
@ang was heard mming our way. and the cc .
and loafers in an instant of time made haste to
absent themselves. leaving an open space for

the grand official. his forty aoldiers with as maz
swinging lanterns and other yamen escorts
I recognized the chief escort to be one »
eome time previous had come to me with tar-

  

  
   

ribly inflamed eyes which after washing ard
making applications J] sent him away wes
glad to eee 1, for I felt that he owed us alittle
help in our danger. and he did right well, He
gent coolies to carrr our baggase and soldiers

 

to quard it from the people lining the «tree's
ready to grab the cases if an opportunity was
offered

“Since leaving we hare learned that Mrs
Wu to rh ™m we intrusted the care of our homes
had certainly worked havoc with our poase
sions, selling ewerrthing she could and giving
the remainder away, after having driven out
our servant.”

Mrs. Doolittle wrote that she and the other
milesiomaries at Ka-ling preferred starving
there to going to the hot citr of Shangha’ wis}
hotel rates at $10 a day and other prices equal
exorbitant

 

  
 

 

 

AMERICAN HORSES IN DENMARK.

The Demand fer Them Has Become Erisk of
Late—Increase in the Export Figures.

With the erception of three countries,
Russia. Hungary and Roumanta, Denmark
has more horses in proportion to its area and
population than any other European country,ar4
the excellence of its live stock has teen ench
that for many years the export of horses from
Denmark has been a considerable item of com-
merce. In 1894 more than 5 per cent. of the
borses in Denmark were exported to foreign
purchasers, the number of euch horses raised
for export to the Continent bel from 15,40
to. ayear Many of them find their war
to France, where they are used as cab horses
Ther cost om an average $170 a head, a tribute
to the excellence of native Danish horses

Few Dasish horses have been sent to the
Tnited States, and until recent there was no
@eneral demand for American horses fm that
country. In January, i987. a Danish bore~
dealer, as an experiment, ispogried fifteen
draught horses from the Unit States. Ther
were sold at prices from $180 to 63%, sne pair
of chestnuta bringing 800%). A seound of Ph
roent of twenty draught horses followed. Since
then the demand for American horses has t:-
creased steadily and now enters into the item
of expanded foreign commerce

In addition to the horses recetwed from the
United States Denmark imports annually from

 
 

  

       
  
   
 
  
 
 
     
     

 

 

   

5.1) to 6000 horess, mostly from Russia and
Finland. They are much in demand br bakers
and milkmen, whose business requires light,
active borees. Work bores omnibus, car
and cab horses are almost exclusively of dc
mestic origin. The requirements of the Dan-
ish Army are ft extensive, but they hare
ied chiefly in the past by impeorta-
mn Germany. The [Danish otvairs
om men and the artilery 9.50. The
ne { army bherses in DD
av The Recruiting ‘
ice a year--in the fai a
i the age of the horses r
nm the spring ?

    

iS*4 hands
ommeted their sixth
aust be 16 hands hie
,orses are 1
° @
$2) int

 

wer

 

vraes find more favor

than thos imported from eitherRuss‘s
bot the Danes are fax‘idieus ir

we of horses, where their means 4

wing @ preferenw for Eng ish and

fae thoes

dish horses for saddie rid ng ar
. thea Tt

“nited States for ordinar

 

 

 

impor m th
draug sea. but not for heary farm work
for * h there is in Denmark. an agricutura
country almost exciusiveir.a very large demand

horeee sent to Denmark are nt

Amerioan

{ ito the ports of that countr
agen is the chief bat to
on.s dutt is charged on Amer

 

 

  

Denmark by war of Germar
to th ear 1a t mber of Amer
ules exported to foretgn coure
tries Wat Never greater wn 7 te
years fe. as iow a 2.8 or 5 (e
roge [rom 7 (0 6 i —~
21. in 1887. from 21.0) to 46 (ue :
“am te AM, and in 1999 from 5 to 70,0

 

This gratifving increas to the benefit of Amer
CAN slook racsers and breeders has not been
wholly or indeed largely due to the f :
quality of American horsas. but to the fam thas,
consequent upon the reduced home demand
through the popularitr of biev cles and automce
Ges and the substitution of electricity for
norse power in transportation, sfore'gn market
yas had to be sough’*, and, as the figures show,
it has been sought #1 com@et aly

Thus far the meri of the American mule
have not been taken into much account 6:
Danish deaiere end the configuration of the

uoproraed

 
   
  

country is such that mules are not likelr ever
© be in much demand there Wr
oreign demand for rican horses con

in the Ea-t there are large for
purposes of borees on t

   

& ‘veterinam surgeon of

recentiy for Nevada, Utar La
@ horse buring trip to purchase 3 oF avacry
and light batter) horses for the German Ara

Some of the animais wil) be sent to China

A DEMOCRATIC TRICK EXPOSED.

Nimety Masked Oraters Sent Out te Attack
Bepeblican (engressmen.

Dernor. Aug. 14—One feature at ast
of the plan of carupaign of the Democratic
Congressjonal Committee bas been diaciosed
here through the presence of one John D. Gu

who deecribes himself as “Principal of >>
Common Sebool of Finance of Chicago, lll"

Gil, who is 4 smooth visaged man of about fort
. Mart. restercs

    

aod in
that he
the electi06
memier of Congress from the
dient. Alsauditors wanted to am
he was for NcKici-y or Brran G
“We are tor ne.iner We
f wing up rour Cong
* jecture last ni
he represented
iis whole haran@ue was cerotec
ve Corie and the lattere vo
b war appropriction a
mace sure

   

  
  
  

purpease

He rere

   

 
  
    

ard distr

as

furnished him or

deliver *wo lectures ad 4
ate the handhili« * h wer
the committee

Gill had « bard row to hoe to-dar, as men fr
the crowd insisted om asking tmpertpres:
Questions which he would not answer.

 

 

zea

“¢

4g

5

{AVE LPEPSERTECE,

eric

+3

of

whe
whe

cTa

Prayer Hatt eas

EEE SEE5 273