ams

o78ra

cow ORO)

ie 4

= oa
“2a75e=

Se

anee S

Aree

2e2

3

2

 

ECHOES OF HILL'S DEFEAT,

apn's FRIBN DS JOYOUS OVER THE
- STATE COMMITTEBR'S VOTE,

rtanoce the Contest~Hill Mast Still
a nt to Control the State Convention
stash? Failure to Keep .His Delegates
_W, F. Sheehan's Reappearance in Politics
—Saratege Opinions of Weodreff’s Chances,

= the

moos, Aug. 17. The echoes of
conor Bil controversy in the Democratic Brate
yesterday were heard to-day, al-

 

‘orm tteo
por most of the Demoorate had departed
for their homes. The greatest importance is

by all Democrats to the test vote in
the committees. The attempt on the part of

r-Henator Hil! and hie friends to name Mayor
ieee K. McGuire of Syracuse, one of Mr.
Hill's friends, as temporary chairman of the
convention before the delegates were elected
anda month before the convention was to be
held was defeated by Mr. Croker and his allies
by @ vote of 26 to 23, one committeeman not
voting. This vote is very significant. It
was the first official test of strength between
Mr. Oroker and bis friends and Mr. Hill and his
friends, The vote was as follows:

Ayes District 1, Perry Relmont; 2, Jonn P, T. Cro
nin: &, John McCarty; 4, John W. Webber; 5, Wiliam
A. Dogle; & James Shevlin; 7, P. H. McCarren; 8,
anihony J. Burter; 9% Edward Glinnes; 10, Patrick
piever, 19, Timothy D. Sullivan; 12, John T. Oak-

ia. James W. Boyle; 14, Charles FP. Murphy; 15,
Richard Crouer: 14, John J, Seannell; 17, Daniel F.
McMahon; 15, Thomas J. Dunn; 19, Thomas F.
Grady; 20, John Whalen; 21, Louts F. Haffen; 24,
Carence A. Rundell; $9, Fdward Murphy, Jr. 39,
MP. Conway: 42. John Flanagan; 47, John J.
eee 28, Arthur C. McLean; 25, John
Krattt 24, Filtot Danforth; 27, Henry V. Borst; 24,
paria B HiIl), 28, Patrick E MoCabe: $1, Jeremiah
T Finch, 82, Charles M Louth: 44, Frank P. Dema
reat: 84, John D MeMahon; 45, Jonn N Carltale; 34,
Bugroe Hughes: 47, J R O'Gorman; 488, Charles P.
OBrien: 40, J. Prankiin Barnes; 41, Frank Camp
hel) 48. IT D. Brewster, 44, William I. Sheehan; 45,
George Ratien, 46, J. BE. Crisfield: 44, Samuel J.
Ramsbereer, 40, Hiram H. Savage; 59, Thomas H
Dowd

Mr Croker and Mr. Alll have not heen friendly
for a dozen years, vet there waa no way by
which the relative atreneth of the two men
d be determined until yesterday, for the
reason that aj] meetings of the Democratio
State Committee have been held behind closed
It was determined to have yesterday's
meeting an open one This decree came from
the Aill camp and had for tte foundation the
belief that Mr Croker and his friends would be
defeated on the McGuire eplaode

A great deal waa behind this effort to name
Mr MeQuire as temporary chairman of the con-
vention at this time If Mr. Bill hid anoosaded
there would not have been the slightest doubt
of his control of the Democratic State Con-
vantion. The suceasa of Mr Hill at this time
would have attracted to his camp delegates
who are always inclined to be on the fence and
who always desire to be in the camp of the
majority. Then again the temporary chairman
of the Democratic State Convention will name
the Committees on Credentials which is to
dispose of all contests that may spring Up
The power of the tempory chairman of the
convention ia great in other directions. Mr.
Hil] was perfectly aware of the awath that Mr.
MeGuire could out if he could have been named
temporary chairman of the convention at
this time. Mr. Hill has attended every State
Convention of the Demooratic party since 1872.
He is considered to be the finest Democratic
pariiamentarian in the State. The minutest
details of the management of Democratic State
Conventions are at his fingers’ ends. So the
Democrats who surrounded Mr. Croker to-day
were joyous when they recalled Mr, Hill's de-
feat yesterday.

Somebody said to Mr. Croker that Mr. Hill
had declared that he precipitated the fight
in the committee yesterday for the purpose
“of ascertaining who our friends are.” Mr.
Croker said, “Yes, 1 have heard that Senator
Hill made the statement that he brought on
the fight In vesterday's State Committee meet-
ing to find out who his friends were. His threat
to array the country Democrats against the
city Democrats will fall flat and especially
among those who oppose his picayune political
polley. This threat will not scare the Demo-
crate either in the rural districts or in Greater
New York from doing their duty.”

It was ascertained to-day that both the Croker
people and the Aill people are to work in the
liveliest fashion from this time until the con-
vention meeta for the control of the conven-
tion, The test vote in the committee yester-
day Hned up both aides in this controversy,
The Croker people are to keep their eyes upon
the State committeemen who voted with them
yesterday, and Mr. Alll and his colleagues
rtarted to-day on a proselyting mission in an
effort to capture enough State committee-
men away from the Croker people ao that
Mr. Aill may name at the State committee
meeting on the night before the convention
is held the temporary chairman of the conven-
tion. If Mr. Hill is successful he will also con-
trol the permanent organization of the oon
vention. Mr. Croker is well aware that Mr.
Hill is to make the fight of his life and he Is
also aware that if Mr. Hi]! does not make this
fight Mr. Hill's followers will desert him, never
toreturn to him. So both sides are keyed
up to the highest pitch.

Mr. Croker and his friends were somewhat
hettled to-day over “the falling down of Norman
E. Mack in Buffalo.” Mr. Mack ts the personal
friend of Mr. Bryan. Mr. Croker made Mr.
Mack National Committeeman for the State
at the request of Mr. Bryan. The Croker peo-
ple charge that Mr. Mack in his frequent visita

attached

coul

doors

to Mr. Bryan's home at Lincoln con
vinced Mr. Bryan that he controlled the
Democratic situation in the western part

of the State. Yet the Hon. William F. Shee-
han, who has not lived in Buffalo for the last
six years, takes a pleasant little summer jaunt
to this beautiful village and with no effort at
all takes away from Mr. Maok two of the Dem-
ocratic State committeemen for Buffalo, and
in addition he captures Thomas H. Dowd of
Salamanca, whom Mr. Mack was supposed to
control. The verdict of the Croker people to-
day was that “Mr. Mack got his place as Na-
tlonal Committeeman for the State on a shoe
tring.”

THe Scw spoke on Wednesday morning
of the reappearance of Mr. Sheehan in Demo-
cratic State politics. Tux Sun can state by
authority this morning that Mr. Sheehan is
to continue his activities and that he ts in this
fight with Mr. fill against Mr. Croker for a
long time to come

Mr. Bil) and Mr. Sheehan have always been
political friends. Mr. Sheehan was hurt and
Qngry at Mr. Hill in 1891 when the Democratic
State Convention held in Saratoga nominated
the late Roswell P. Flower for Governor and
Mr. Sheehan for Lieutenant-Governor. Mr.
Sheehan had been a faithful lieutenant to Gov.
Aull and yet Mr. Hill came here and told Mr.
Sheehan that he ought not to insist upon be-
ing nominated for Lieutenant-Governor, be-
cause he would weaken the ticket. Mr. Shee-
han was at that time 82 years old and very
ambitious for political honors. He said then,
and he hus repeuted his words frequently
since, that he never wus so grieved and angry

atm tie be wus wt Mr. Hill op that occa
tion

Notwithstanding that, Mr. Sheehan went to
Chicago in 1892 and with the entire New York
State delegation worked to nominate Mr. Hill
for the Presidency, It has frequently been
‘ald in the inner circles of the Democratio
party that Mr. Croker, because of his close
‘ssodiation with the Hon. Wiliam ©. Whitney,
¥& not loyal tn his support of Mr. Hill at Chi-
‘go in 1882. The Hon, Anthony N. Brady
tnd other close friends of Mr. Hill who were
delegates at Chicago in 1902 protest that this
'eport concerning Mr. Croker is untrue. Im-
mediately after Mr: Cleveland’s nomination in
182 Mr. Sheehan wan made a member of the

outive Committee of the Democratic Na-

Committee, This was done at the re-
Wiest of Mr. Whitney. Mr. Sheehan was

the
Democratic Committeeman for the

nese

  

   
  
  

 

State at the time. Mr. Sheehan was then made
Chairman of the Executive Committee of the
State Committee, Mr. Hill told Mr, Sheehan
that he should not have accepted this place.
Mr. Sheehan replied that he had accepted the
place at the request of Mr. Whitney. Mr.
Sheehan as executive chairman that year put
up 4 fine fight for Mr. Cleveland in the State.

On Jan, 1, 1894, when Mr. Sheehan retired as
Lieutenant-Governor of the State he left his old
home in Buffalo and became a resident of New
York city. He opened a law office in the Mutual
Life Insurance Company building. He be-
came associate counsel for the Metropolitan
Street Rallway Company and the Brooklyn
Rapid Transit Company, the former controlled
by Mr. Whitney, the latter by Mr. Brady. It
has been frequently reported that Mr. Sheehan
had some sort of understanding with Mr. Whit-
ney that he was not to reénter politics. Mr.
Sheehan's friends say here to-day that there
was no such understanding and they pointed
to Mr. Sheehan's frequent trips to Buffalo in the
last six years to participate in the Democratio
polities of Erie county as a refutation of the
stury that Mr. Sheehan had agreed with Mr.
Whitney to keep out of politica

Mr. Sheehan believes that Mr. Croker has
treated his brother, John C., unjustly. Mr.
Croker, on the other hand, insiste that John O,
Sheehan at the behest of Mr. Hill attempted
to overthrow him as leader of Tammany Hall
in 1897 and nominate Charles W. Dayton for
Mayor, a man who was notoriously antagon-
istic to Mr. Croker and Tammany Hall.

The Democrats here appear to be greatly
interested in the outcome of the Re-
publican State Convention which ts
to assemble in Saratoga on Sept. 4.
The leading Democrata here to-night declare
that they have received an inside tip to the
effect that Timothy 1.. Woodruff ie to be nomi-
nated for Governor by the Republicans, Some
of the sporta in the Democratic camp even go
eo far as to say that they will bet even that
Mr. Woodruff ia to be nominated. This re-
calls a little story concerning Mr. Croker tn
1898, just after he had arrived from Europe.
Mr. Croker and hia frienda then wanted to
bet that Frank S. Black was to be renominated
for Governor. This was in August, a month
before the Republican State Convention was
held. On that occasion Mr. Croker and his
friends would have lost their money.

BRYAN 70 MAKE MANY SPEECHES.

 

Wont Accept Democratic Managers’ Plans te
Keep Him Off the Stump.

Lincoun, Neb., Aug. 17. It is believed in
political circles here to-night that William
J. Bryan will ignore the objection of the Demo-
eratic managers and take the stump for an
active speaking campaign. For reasons not
fully understood by the Democratic candidate's
Nebraska friends, the party managers have
advised that Bryan make only a few apeeches
in the more important cities of the Middle
and Eastern States. They have aaid that
Bryan |s now well known to the voters and there
is therefore no necesaity for a repetition of
his famous campalen of four yeara ago. They
have urged that were he to attempt another
such campaign he might needlessly jeopardize
his health

This morning the candidate stood on his
front porch chatting with a bevy of reporters,
Slapping one of them on the back he said; “I
never felt better in my life.” He looked it,
too. It is Bryan's nature to protest against
restraint,and his physical condition being all
that he could ask there is every indication that
he will follow his natural bent and get out be-
fore the people. The prediction now is that
he will take the stump early in September
and remain there almost continuously until
the November election

Mr Bryan turned his attention to-day to
mapping out a programme of work. Hls let-
ter of acceptance, which he will send to Chair-
man Jones, and the speech for the Populist
notification at Topeka on Thursday of next
week, will claim his attention until it te time
for him to leave the Kaneas capital. This
evening he decided on the itinerary of his trip.
He wilt leave Lincoln on the morning of Aug.
21 and will speak in Wahoo, Neb., in the after-
noon

In the evening he will return to Lincoln and
depart for Auburn, Neb., where he see the
night. He will make a speech at Auburn at
9 o'clock the next morning and at i1 o'clock
will address the people of Tecumseh. Mr.
Bryan will drive across the country to Pawnee
City and speak there at 2 o’clock. The even-
ing speech will be delivered in Falls City. Mr.
Bryan expecta to reach Topeka on the morning
of Aug. 22. He will start back on aug, 24.
A speech will be delivered at Manhattan, Kan
in the forenoon and a epeech at Beatrice, Neo.,
in the evening. Stope will be made at other
towns along the route and short speeches
made

On Aug. 25 Mr. Bryan will addreas a Dem-
ocratic rally in Omaha, and on Aug. 29 he will
start for Chicago to attend the National G. A.
R. Encampment, and to make his first cam-
pagn speech in the Fast.

MAYORIM'GUIRE'S VIEW OF IT.
Hill, Not He, Defeated at Saratoga—May Ran
for Governor If Coler Doesn't.

Srracrar. Aug. 17. Mayor James K. McGuire
returned from Saratoga this afternoon and de-
nied that he waa turned down by Tammany at
the meeting of the Democratic State Committee.
Hesaidthat the tablingof Elliot Danforth's re-
solution to make him the committee's choice
for temporary chairman of the State Conven-
tion meant not that Tammany loved him leas,
but that it hated Hill more.

“The use of my name in connection with the
temporary chairmanship of the coming State
Convention was in the nature of a lineup be-
tween the friends of Mr. Hill and the friends of
Richard Croker on the Democratio.State Com-
mittee,” said the Mayor. “I was assured this
morning by those who voted against me that
if 1 want to be temporary chairman of the
convention I can have that honor unantmously.
The other side say that they want me for tem-
porary chairman, but that they did not want
Mr. Hill to triumph in the committee. What
occurred yesterday is only a passing incident.”

Corporation Counsel M. Z. Haven, the
Mayor's official mouthpiece, suid of yester-
duy's events ut Suratoga: “Mayor McGuire

was not turned down by the committee and
he will be the chairman of the State Conven-
tion if he wants ft. I am inclined to think that
he would like the honor. The vote to table
the resolution selecting Mayor MoGulre as
chairman of the next convention was u good
move, for it showed where the politicians
stood. It did not show, however, that
McGuire was turned down by the committee.

“A number of men who are out and out for
Hill voted to table the resolution. but they will
not vote against the selection of Mayor MeOuire
as oh of the convention when the matter
comes to @ final issue. There were enough
votes to carry the committee for Hill without
the assistance of the two Erie delegates who
arrived unexpectedly, but were welaome just
the same. Ul has control of the freee Com-
mittee and the subsequent results will show it,

« State in general seems to be wild for
Coler aa the nominee for Gov r. There ts

soiue opposition, however, in Brooklyn, and
l am certain that he can receive nomination
without the support of Brooklyn. In case Coler

is not nominated the selection will fall on James

K. McGuire.”
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS TO WORK,

 

Will Condact an Active Campaign for Bryan
Through Co-operation With Democrats,

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 17.—The anti-imperial-
ists have given the Democratic managers of
this State a formal pledge of assistance in the
campaign, and the work of organizing clubs
and supplying them with literature at the ex-
pense of the American Anti-lmperialistic League
will begin at once. Before leaving here to-day
several of the members of the League talked
freely on their plans for the campaign and
notified National Committeeman Taggart and
Chairman Martin that the indorsement of

“an by the Liberty Congress yesterday w,
Sal a merely perfunctory matter, but would be
followed up at once by Be pereonel efforts of
the League members for election. ghey
said that they rode agree to gupely ine tate
Committee with all the anti-im tio lit.
erature that it could handle, and it would be
sent without any cost to the committee.

Several of the most prominent “antis,” it
was announced, wouid take the stump for Bryan

Chai Martin was informed t he was
at Mberty to make dates for them in Indiana.
Special attention is to be paid to the German
vote ond, as & result the Congress, 4 com

German zens Was y
en rr. League

y “aie te vote.
Sait Teeter
te fo deze, oad lenge

   

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 

 

THE SUN,
ROOSEVELT! ROOSEVELT! | 9” ¢###*# 24cm From cororano.

He Thinks the Chance of the State's Going
MACEDONIAN CRY FOR THE GOVERNOR Repehyens Tae Trae & Coed.
FROM MANY CITIES. Gen. Francis Vinton Greene, Prealdent of the
—— RepublicanjCounty Committee, returned to New
His Itinerary, Made Oat by Bureau, Arouses | York yesterday after a trip to Denver, where
® Storm of Protest and He Says It Must
Be Changed-Expects to Speak in Every

he was elected President of the National So-
County to This State—Has Got a New Hat.

ciety of the Army of the Philippines.

“The residents of Denver, the State of Color-

Gov. Roosevelt came up to this city yesterday ado, and the mining States generally, as I had

from his home at Oyster Bay to have his throat opportunity to ebserve them, are enthusiastio

examined and to seo Senator Hanna, Chatr- | for the Republican ticket,"’ he sald yesterday.

man of the Republican National Committee, | ‘In 1896 Colorado gave 160,000 votes for Bryan

Chairman Odell of the Republican State Com- | and only 26,000 for McKinley, but there has

mittee and Gen. Francis V. Greene, President of | been such a change in sentiment that I am sure

the New York County Republican Cormmittes. poe, vore sais rr will be a surprise to every;

rans ody » miners are rosperous an

He got to Republican National Headquarters | pave learned that the Democratio prophecies

early. He had a big stack of telegrams with | of 1896 were faise, They want to see good

him, which had come from all parts | times continue, and met man after man who

of the country sayin that the voted for Bryan in 1896 who will vote for

yr ve ae McKinley and Roosevelt this year. The people

itinerary for,his Western campaigning tour, | of Coiwrado are great admirers of Gov.

which was made up by the speakers’ bureau, Roossvelt, and antec he bes eponen there I +

+, | sure that the tide whic setting in favor o'

and which was made public yesterday, didn t | the Republican party will gain force. I think

suit at all. About every town in the United | that thereisastrong probability that the Re-

States, it seems, which was not in the itinerary | Publicans will oarry the State.

bad telegraphed that it must have Roosevelt.
Chairman Hanna had got a lot of telegrams of
the same kind, and *o had Senator Soott, chair-
man of the speakers’ bureau. Gen. Dick, chair

man of the Ohio State Committee, was one of

“One of the most significant things which

happened during my stay in Denver was the
the men who protested. He said that the ar-
rangements for Ohio were entirely inadequate.

reception which was Gren to Senator Wolcott.
“My itinerary will have to be materially

Four years ago when he spoke for McKinley he

was hissed and hooted. WhileI wasin Denver

he made a speech, and the very men who re

fused to listen to him four years ago

gave him such an ovation as I have seldom

seen. Senator Wolcott's friends thought lass,

June that there was no possibility of his reélec-
changed," said the Governor. “A floodof tele-
grams has come in to me from places which I
was expected to visit, and if I don't go to them
& great many people will be disappointed. I
expect the changes will be made in a few days.”
What changes will be made in the itinerary

{t is impossible to say, and it is not sure that

jon to the Senate. Those of them with wh
talked this week take a very cheerful view o
the situation, and they believe that there is not
only a possibility, butastrong probability that
any will be mad e, because the managers of the
speakers’ bureau realize that if they begin
to change dates in order to please various
communities they will be kept busy revising

Senator Wolcott will be elected for another
their arrangements from now until after the

term.”
campaign is over. Gov. Roosevelt discussed

 

  

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

 

Cen. Greene received a delegation of anti-
Hess Repunvicans from the Twenty-fifth As
sembly district yesterday. Tey d him that
they were opposed to Mr. Hess and intended to
mta ticket in the field in opposition to the one

aring his name for the August primaries,
Gen, Greene said to the committee that it
seemed to him only fair that Mr. Heas should be
elected a member of the County Committee in
recognition of his party services.

SS sll SSS

CRORKRER SEEKS A CANDIDATE.

the ee? — Peneror Tenn, and then ou .

ey had a talk about other matters, The

Governor saw Senator Scott and the Hon, | St#tae of the Row Between Him and Mill
Frederick 8. Gibbs, and after he had —Talk of a Coler League.

cpartes Fe age ae “ The only thing that could be learned in this

town about the Hill-Croker row at Saratoga was
in the form of a statement from a friend of
Benator Hill which may be accepted as the
statement of all of Mr. Hill's friends. Here it is;

“The close vote by which Senator Hill was
defeated shows that the sentiment in favor
of Coler is very strong. Senator Aill would
have won yesterday had not some of the mem-
bers of the committee become frightened by
the threat of Tammany to withdraw financial
aid from the State Coramittee. The fight will
be taken to the State Convention, and in the
meantime the anti-Hill forces will have to |
look around for a suitable candidate against |
Coler. John B. Stanchfleld will not run.
Neither will Elliet Danforth. Mackey of
Buffalo is out of it. Mr. Croker is trying to
force Danforth on the convention

Some of the district leaders who came back
from Saratoga yesterday said that the candi-
date alluded to by Mr. Hill's friends might
turn ont to be Justice D. Cady Herrick of the
Supreme Court, who lives in Albany. Mr,
Croker is looking around for a man to be his
candidate for Governor, and when he is nom-
inated the Democratic campaign in this State
will be min by Mr. Croker from Tammany Hall
and the Democratio Club without regard to
the St. James building headquarters

The friends of Comptroller Coler tn this city
who really want to see him nominated for Gov=
ernor were looking around yesterday to find
out exactly where they were at. They seemed
to think that Mr. Coler had been left high and
dry as the result of the latest manifestation of
the Hill-Croker enmity. Some of them
suggested thatthe proper thing to do was to
organize a great Coler movement. The idea
is that a Coler club be formed in every Assem-
bly district in the State, all to be united in the
Coler League. These clubs would include in
their membership men of all parties who ad-
mire Mr. Coler. It was sald yesterday that At-
semblyman Perez M. Stewart of the Nineteenth
district, who was elected over Robert Mazet last
fall by @ Cits ‘Union-Tammany alliance, would
pk active part in the formation of the (oler
eague.

A
started for the Fifth Avenue Hotel, where he
was to meet Chairman Odell, He was aocom-
panied by a couple of friends, and on his way
to the hotel, in order to avold the numerous
hurdles which the Metropolitan Street Rail-
way Company has put across the street, he
waa obliged to step on the westbound track
of the Twenty-third street crosstown electric
line. As he got in the middle of the tracks
Lieut.-Gov. Woodruff Sgreerec aleo between
jhe tracks, They etc there and chatted,

n the meantime _@ erosstown =
came up behind them. The motorman want
to get across the Broadway tracks ina hurry.
Re banged the gong of his car to give notice
to the Governor and Lieutenant-Governor to
get out of the way. They were so deeply tn-
terested in their conversation that they didn’t
hear the bell; so the motorman shouted out
at them:

“Hey, you lobsters, get off the
Do you people want to get run down?"

“Don't call them lobsters,” said one of the
passengers on the car. “That's the Governor
and the Lieutenant-CGiovernor of the State.”

By this time Gov. Roosevelt, having heard
himself called a Jobster, had turned around so
that he faced the motorman

“T'll take it all back, Governor,” said the
motorman. “Your'e no lobster: I'm the lobster.”

The motorman took off his hat and bowed.
The Governor waved his hand to the motorman,
shook hands with [ieut-Gov. Woodruff an
went over to the Fifth Avenue Hotel. There
he met Mr. Odell and the two went to luncheon
After they had luncheon together on Monday
Senator Platt said that Gov. Roosevelt had
urged Mr. Odell strongly to accept the nomi-
nation for Governor thie fall. Both of them
refused to tell what they talked about at the
luncheon yesterday except that it was poli-
tice

Gov. Roosevelt went up to the home of Gen
Greene, who had just returned from Denver

he Governor and the (General are great

fends. They had a long chat together, and
then the Governor went back to Oyster Bay,

Major Lafayette Gleason, who has charge
of all the Republican speakers in New York
State, will make out the Governor's itinerary
for his speechmaking tour in this State this
fall. He said last evening that he had not
prepared the schedule yet and would not do
so until it was settled beyond question just
how much time ye Governor could spend
in stumping New York. The Governor's tour
of the State, it is expected, will be so arranged
that he can make a apeech in every one of the
counties.

The Governor was asked yesterday what he
thought of the Hill-Croker row in the Demo-
cratic party and the turning down of Mayor
McGuire of Syracuse, who was Hill's candi-
date for temporary chairman of the State Con-
vention ‘

“Mayor MeGulre is a Coler man, isn't he?”
By 2A ets bok a Ph made by the State Committee to prevent the
vreseualiagn in politics.’ voters from thinking the national election

During the aqveraee® voit to, the sity yee, is “too easy.” Regarding the Presidential
terday it was observed that he had discarde hs ; a
his Rough Rider hat. Instead of the familiar | “@™palgn be sald yesterday:
felt be wore a fine Panama straw, In the Harrison election we gave a ma-

. Jority of some 20,000. Four years ago our

TOWNE TO TRAIL AFTER ROOSEVELT. plurality was some 38,000. I do not believe

if every Republican voted and no Democrata
voted the Republican ticket that we would
have over 29,000 majority. I think that 29,000
majority is the limit of Republican votes, if
every one voted, and of course they will not
all come out. By that, I mean that we will
not lose the votes of any Republicans. I do
not know how the Vermont Gold Democrats

feel this year
of anti-imperial-

a

track!

 

VERMONT TO SET AN EXAMPLE.

Senator Proctor Talks on the Probable Major-
ity in Next Month's Election.

Proctor, Vt., Aug. 17. United Statas San-
ator Redfield Proctor believes that Vermont
will set the country an example in bringing
out the Republican vote in the State election
on Sept. 4, and says that every effort will be

Will Endeavor to Counteract the Effect of the
Governor's Speeches

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, Aug. 17.—Charies A,
Towne had a consultation with the Demo-
cratic managers before leaving here for Ch
cago this morning and discussed campaign
plans with them. fle said that it was his pur-
pose to follow a suggestion of Mr. Bryan and
National Chairman Jones, and make speeches
in a number of Western States where the Pop-
ulists had the greatest strength. He said that
he did not expect to go East, though he might
make a few speeches in Ohio and West Virginia

During the conference. Chairman Martin
aaid that it was desireai to have prominent
speakers hold meetings at such places as Roose.
valt apeaks in his Inafana tour, and he asked
Towne if he would be willing to appear at such
places immediately following the Koosevelt
speaking. He replied in substance that he
would be in the hands of the National Com-
mittee and subject to any arrangements that
the State Committees would make at Nattonal

“I do not believe that the
ism will influence one Republican fn the State to
vote against his party. I do not_know nor
have I heard of one disgruntled Republican
in the State ”

“What issue do you consider appeals more
strongly than any other to the voters?”

“There is no one issue, The Republican
voters are interested equally in every plank
in the Republican platform, and they believe
that each one is as important as any other.
There is no one issue; every declaration of the
Republican National Convention meets with
the approval of the Republicans, and they do
not stand upon one single issue.”

a the Porto Rico tariff an issue in the cam-
paign?”

uarters. His answer was taken to mean hg
joanee was willing to follow Roose elt through obit o:, then aE rondo it, a0 T wae
c v Rap C P » yod-
Indiana and answer the Republican nominee fled and improved by the sermination clans

at each place where tha latter is bille | to speak,
As soon as Roosevelt's itinerary is known the
committee will arrange to bill Towne for
speeches immediately after Roosevelt.

SAYS HEARST.

Surprised to Learn That the Democratic Cam-
paign in Ohio Wont Begin Until Oct, 1,
CINCINNATI, Aug. 17.—It is expected that
the National Democratic Committee will reo
ognive the Bimetallic League instead of the
regular organization in this, Hamilton county,
A few days ago William R. Hearst, President
of the National Association of Democratic
Clubs, wrote to Lewis G. Bernard, chairman

hat it was fair and Just. It is forgotten now.

t is a dead Issue,”

 

WAKE UP,

MONEY TO BET ON ELECTION.
Many Callers Looking for Hemming's $6,000
~Other Wall Street Offers.

H. G. Hemming of Rooms 11 and 12, second
floor, Mills Building, who said on Thursday that
he had $6,000 to bet on Bryan against $20,000 of
McKinley money, was not at his office yester-
day and a man who was there said he was not
expected before Monday. down at
the Hathaway inn, Deal Beach, N. J., with hig
family. A lot of persons had called to see Mr.

Hemming. :
Edward Wassermann of Wassermann Broth-

of the County Committee, the local | ers of the New York Stock Exchange offered
emocratic — boss, and lieutenant of | yesterday to bet $10,000 to 84,000 that McKinley
ohn R, McLean, asking when the campaign and Roosevelt will be elected.

would be opened in [amilton county, an J. J. Judge, a curb broker, said he had $5,000

where literature should be sent. Bernard
answered that nothing would be done until
gbout Oct. 1. Hearst sent back a red-hot let-
ter asking if Cincinnati Democrats were asleep
and if they were wring *, trew ara. Hearst
wrote to Dr, . Reemelin, ‘esident

of the Bunetallic League, asking him to take | #¢ Calls om oo of the National
charge of the distribution of literature d St mpany.

to bet at 1 to 3 on Bryan.

SENATOR HANNA DOWNTOWN.

 

Reemelin accepted. Arrangements are being Senator Mark Hanna went down to the Wall
ade to establish permanent Readauerters street district yesterday. He stopped in at

owntown. The league's name will
changed to the “Bryan and Stevenson League,”
under which {t will be kept up permanently.

DEVERY

Attack by the Coroners’ Physictan
Up the Chief.

Chief Devery was asked yesterday ff he had
anything to say about an attack made upon him
by Coroners’ Physician Hamilton Wiliams,

ho declared at a Pequod Club meeting on
Focreday night that the police under Devery’s
orders had taken an active part in the campafgn
to down John C. Sheehan in the Ninth district.

“T don't like to say what that fellow is,” said
the Chief, with some heat, “but I will say that
he talks through his hat—that he fabricates,
to put it mildly. I haven't interfered in any | picked out as the Republican candidate for the
of thetr out I wont reply to him simply Btate Senate this fall, lecided to throw his
because I don’t think he's worth it strength to ex-Judae Davenport of the T wenty-
third Assembly district. Slater has the
friendship of Senator Platt and other prominent
Republicans, and his nomination is regarded as
a certainty.

Anti-Pegnam Ticket in the Fourteenth.
The Republicans in the Fourteenth Assembly

the Battery Park building where he had half
an hour's conference with President Reis of
the National Steel Company, The office boy,
not knowing Mr. Hanna, handed him one of
the blanks given to callers, adding the request:
“Write your name and business on this card,”
Mr. Hanna ignored the request on sent in to

cards instead. He

Mr. Reis one of perso
was admitted at once.
Gruber's Candidate for the Senate.

It was said yesterday that Abraham Gruber,
leader of the Twenty-first Assembly distriot,
which is included in the Nineteenth Senate dis-
trict, where Assemblyman Samuel 8. Slater of
the Thirty-first Assembly district has been

ON WILLIAMS,

 

Stire

 

Gov. McMillin Asked to Go Stumptng.

NasRvILue, Tenn, Aug. 17.—Gov. MoMillin
was requested to-day by Chairman Jones of the
Democratic National Committee to deliver
campaign speeches in Illinois, Ohio, Indiana,
Binnesota and. Wisconsin. Snairman ones | district who are opposed to the leadership of
few York, Kew Jersey, Marvland, Dela: | James Pegnam met yesterday at 176 First
ware and West ¥irginia. avenue and decider to fight him at the August
primaries They nominated a ticket for Count:
Committeemen headed by Frank J. Drummon
ex-leader of the district, and they wiil make a
strong effort to knock Mr. Pegnam out.

 

 

Anti. Impertalists to Have a Newspaper.

Boston, Aug. 17.—The Boston anti-[mpe
rialists are plauning to have a newspaper
organ in Boston. They axpect to acquire the

True Flag, a famous old weekly story paper, to Mauch Chunk, G
in this Erving Winslow will be able to print Switchback on Gunday, Aus. 19, Children ender 12,
he cates to write. At the present time he | 75 cents al train leavea New Yor

7 Speet , from Li
Reese Sotee is gezatee = poe | sk a hash, Madea ea Oa A
‘

81 Sunday Excursion to Mauch Chunk,
The Central Railroad of New J will run a $1.00
Sen’ nolo ans the

rr ee

SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1900.

 

————— ——

    

  

   
   
     
  
   
  
 

Uneeda Biscuit
Uneeda
Jinjer Wayfer
Uneeda

Graham Wafer
Uneeda
Milk Biscuit

 

THE CASE OF MR, WOODRUFF

PLATT AND ODELL SAID NOT TO RE
COMMITTED TO HIM.
Convention Eighteen Days Off and the Race
Still Open to Good Men Desire of the
Leaders for a Lively Competition Among
Candidates for Governorship Nomination.

Lieut.-Gov. Timothy L. Woodruff spent the
day yesterday looking after his political fences
He had along talk with Chairman Odell of the
Republican State Committees and then he went
acrosa Madison Square to the National Head-
quarters, where he saw Senator Hanna and the
Hon. Frederick 8. Gibbs. Mr. Woodruff's
friends have been declaring very loudly for
three or four days that he was going to be the
Republican nominee for Governor, that Sena-
tor Platt and Chairman Odell were for him, and
that as a matter of fact most of the Republicans
in the State were for him

Chief among the men who have been talking
Woodruff is ex-President Lemuel E. Quigg of
the Republican County Committee, Mr. Quigg
retired from the Presidency of the County
Committee in July “for the good of the party,”
and declared that he was out of polities,
Within two or three days, however, he has
shown that he still takes an interest in Republi-
can affairs and has «tated positively that
Mr. Woodruff was to be nominated for Gov-
ernor. Mr. Woodruff's friends have been very
active, more active than the friends of any
other man who has been mentioned as a candl-
date for Governor. Mr. Quiga went up through
the State for Mr. Woodruff and organizeda
demand for nim among the farmers. Col.
Michael J Dady of Brooklyn, who is one of Mr
Woodruff's warmest friends and who is alsoa
warm friend to Mr. Quigg, has been aotive in
his behalf and hesays that Woodruff is going
to be nominated

As a matter of fact it may be said that the
Republican Convention. which will meet in
Saratoga on Sept. 4 will bea deliberative body
and it will not make a mistake, according to
what was said by the leaders of the party yes-
terday. It wasdeclared that while Mr. Wood-
ruff had developed considerabie strength,
neither Senator Platt nor Chairman Odell was
committed to his candidacy or to any other
candidacy. It was said that they were look-
ing the situation over very carefully and that
they did not object to any man getting out and
hustling for the nomination Senator Platt
and Chairnian Odell believe thatit isa good
thing for a great many candidates to come
forward and present their claims, andto doit
early, 80 that there may bea full discussion of
the subject before the convention They want
to learn the strong points of all the men who
are available for the Governorship, and they
also want to learn the weak points

Mr. Woodruff is being very thoroughly dis-
cussed by Republicans of importance in all
paris of New York State. His friends say that
amajoriiy of the up-State delegates apd the
solid delegation from Bing: county will be for
himinthe eonvention and that there will be
Hitde use for any body else to try to get the nom-
ination. This was all very well, it was said last
night, but it was pointed out that the conven-
tion was yet eighteen days off and that there
was time for a great many things to happen

DISAPPOINTED BAKER'S
Due to Worry Because His Son Wouldn't Be a
Baker, Too.

Joseph Bowlweber, a baker at 2508 Amster-
dam avenue, committed suicide yesterday
by shooting himself in the mouth because his
fifteen-year-old son Willie would not learn
the trade he himself had always made money
at. Willie didn't relish the idea of picetiog
dough foraliving. The recent hot spell seem
to ageravate the baker's mental worry on this
account. When he went to bed on Thursday
nigh the told his wife that if things didn't change

retty soon he would go crazy. He was found
Baad yesterday morning on the floor of his
room with the revolver in his hand.

 

 

 

SUICIDE

 

Killed Himself on the Street.

Michae!) Lawler, 45 years old, a laborer, of
1225 Atlantic avenue, Brooklyn, was found dead
early yesterday afternoon, in Eastern Parkway
and Rogers avenue, and a bottle which had con-
tained carbolic acid was beside him. It was
evident that he had committed suicide, but no
cause is known for the act.

 

Killed Herself With Gas.

Mrs. Annie Kiampit, 40 years old, of 189 Con-

atreet, Jersey City, committed suicide

frat night by inhaling gas. She fastened one

end of arubber tube to a gas jet and held the
other end in her mouth.

Ties His First Wedding Knot.

Miss Matilda L. Dolisie of 2197 Broadway, and
Clarence W. Giesen of 530 Willis avenue, Man-
hattan, were married by Magistrate Voorhees
{n the Coney Island police court yesterday,
The Magistrate is a bachelor, and as it waa the

st marriage knot that he haa tied, he dida
Jot of thinking before uniting the pair. The
couple said that they left home sarly yesterday
morning and came to the island to be married.

New Church to Be Batit in Bensonhurst.

Anew edifice for St. John’s Methodist Epis-
copal Church of Bensonhurst is to be built soon
at Fighty-fourth street and Twentieth avenue

bulldine will occupy @ site of 100 by 200
Joct and it will be of stone. The church was
organized lest April through the influenoe of
agistrate Charles E. Teale and its growth has
been trapid, The Rev. ©. E. Benedict of West-
hampton, L.1., has been selected to act as
pastor. ae
Coroner Holds a Chinaman for Marder.

A verdict was handed down yesterday by a
Coroner's jury adjudging Goo Wing Chong
guilty of the murder of Long Kim, the laundry-
man who was shot down ina factional riot in
the hallway of 9 Pell streeton Aug. 12, Chong
was held to await the action of the Grand Jury
and the two witnessee against him were sent to
the House of Detention till he can be tried.

 

 

Organtst Donnelly Coming to Manbattan.

Joseph P. Donnelly has resigned his place as
organist in St. Augustine's Catholic Church in

avenue, Brooklyn, to become organist
eer alsmacter at All Sainte’ Church in Madi-
gon avenue and 120th street, Manhattan.

 

Lightning Strikes a Barn tn Corona,

Lightning, yesterday afternoon, struck the

on Jackson avenue, near Trains

Teele ‘read Corona, which was rented by

Rachael Hugoand, and did $80 amage. The

building?was owned by Annie Dryer and wasin-
sured for $500.

TCNELSIOTA
un)

Gonerrhaa pone
iM 48 HOURS. Cures
ney and Troubles.

 

    
 

   
  

  

 

$e

 

 
    
   
    
   
   
  
   

Every biscuft need is sup-
plied; every craving pleased
by the Uneeda Quar-
tet. Each one as good as
the other. Always the best.
Bold everywhere in airtight
moisture proof packages.
WATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY.

   
   
    
   
  
   
   
  
  

TO WELCOME BISHOP M'DONNELL,

Delegation to Meet Him Down the Bay This
Morning on His Return on the St. Paul,

A ble reception, under the direction of the
Diocesan Union of the Brooklyn Catholic Dio-
cese, has been planned for Bishop Charles EF.
McDonnell on his return from Furope this
morning on the steamship St. Paul. Delegates
from all the branches of the union to the
number of about four hundred and probably a
& score or more clergymen will board the
steaniboat Tolchester at the Bridge pier tn

to meet the St. Paul, which is expected at
Quarantine an hour or so later. Bishop Mc-
Donnell wil be taken aboard, ard on the
way back there will be congratulatory ad-
dresses. The presentation of a set of hand-
tomely engrossed resolutions, together with
other tokens of esteem, will be deferred until
Bishon McDonnell reaches the episcopal resi-
dence in Clermont avenue, William H. Prender-
gast of St Augustine's Church will_make the
presentation address Bishop MeDonnell
eaded the party of fifty or sixty pilgrims who
left Brooklyn for Rome two months ago. Some
of the pilerims have already returned and
others are expected back with tne Bishop.

SEQUEL OF A SECRET MARRIAGE.

Mr. and Mrs. George U. Redgate of Flatbush
Sign a Deed of Separation.

George U. Redgata, a well-known resident
of Flatbush, who was secretly married to Miss
Jeanette L. Smith Feb. 7, shortly after being
divorced, has had another matrimonial] ad-
venture, After his second marriage his wife's
parents soon became reconciled to the asitua-
tion and he went to live with them. On Aug.
5 he had a bitter quarrel with his mother-in-
law. His wife sided with her mother and the
result was an immediate separation. A deed
of separation was prepared by a lawyer and
signed by each. It sets for that “hence-
forth and forever they shall live apart and be
as though they had never married,” and that
“the division of their household effecta shall
constitute all demands each shall have upon
the other.” Mr. Redgate {is a trustee in the
lenox Road Baptist Church.

 

EXAMINING THE MAIN.

Men Scraping Her Hail--Skin Plates and Deck
Walls Buckled,

The wreck of the steamship Main of the
North German Lloyd Line was berthed along-
side Beard’s elevators at the Erie Basin in
Brooklyn yesterday, having been floated at
high water off the bar on which she grounded
on Thursday night. The Rathjen Painting Com-
pany at once put 100 men at work to scrape
the hull and serub it with wire brushes. The
skin plates down to the water line are badly
buckled, while the walls of the deck structure
are buckled out of shape over the entire vessel,
The beams and stanchions are twisted and
bent. The boilers and engines are believed
not to be freatly damaged, The hull will
be surveyed next Tuesday to decide what
can be done with the ship.

 

WOMAN, ABLAZE, JUMPS
From Third-Story Window-Exploding O11
Stove Set Fire to Her Dress.

An oil stove exploded yesterday in the kitchen
of the rear tenement at 169 Seventh street,
Jersey City, and set fire to the rooms of John
Russell on the seoond floor, Mrs. Annie
O'Donnell, 50 years old, who lived on the third
floor, and Mrs. Russell tried to beat out the
flames with a piece of carpet. Mrs. O'Donnell’s
dress tock fire. Mrs. Russell ran down stairs
and esca with the other tenants, but Mrs
O'Donnell ran up stairs to herown rooms,
Being unable to extinguish her burning dress
she Jun from a window. She fell on her
back and was so badly injured that there is
only slight hope of her recovery.

SHIRT-WAIST ROBBERS.
They Are of the Male Variety and They Are
at Work in Chicago.

Cricaao, Aug. 17.-The man’s shirt waist
has been adopted by Chicago thieves. Two
robbers attired in the pew raiment held upa
Nebraska stockman last night ona Wabash
avenue cable train and stole his watch and purse
that contained $20. The robbery was reported
to Lieut. O'Brien of Cottage Grove avenue sta-
tion, who in speaking of the matter saia:

“lL wouldn't be surprisei if these men are
the ones who a few nights ago stole two shirt
waists, which were sent to George Siler by
Alderman Coughlin from New York city.

Children to Have Their Outing Anyway.

Thanks to Acting Mayor Guggenheimer and
the Starin Transportation Company the child-
ren of the vacation schools are going to have
their day's outing this month in spite of the fact
that the Municipal Assembly would not authorize
the expenditure of $1.500 to pay the bills. Gen,
Howard Carroll of the transportation com any
said yesterday that the children coul ave
four barges and cat me company would, sane

on getting its pay. : y
- onhelmner said that if the city didn t furn-
ish the money would,

 

Nothing in Little Willie's Murder Stery.

An autopey made yesterday on the body
of Mrs. Kate Reilly of 213th street and Ninth
avenue, Kingsbridge, whose funeral was
stopped on Thureday by Coroner's Physician

i me a report had been ctroulated
Ponlteater Woods had beaten the woman with
an iron bar last wuneey night, showed that

to natural c
— cuarted by little Willle Woods, who told
neighbors that “papa had hit auntie,

Allies Took His Circus Horses, but Pflueger
Escaped at Teintsin.

ALLENTOWN, Pa., Aug. 17.—Wellington C.
Pflueger of this city , business manager of
Warren's show, an American Be yy rt
who was reported to have been kil y Boxers
in China, writes to friends in this ay that he
is alive, but barely escaped with hin life at
Tientsin. The show horses were pressed into
service by the allied forces and the circus dis-
banded. The showmen helped in the defence
of the foreigners.

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

Tk was announced yesterday that the name of the
new State bank to be opencd soon in the viainity of
Hester street and the Bowery will be the Bank of the
City of New York

The Rev. Ranhael Benjamin has acoe the in-
vitation of the trustees of the Fifty Afth Street
Temple to offictate as thelr rabbi during the ap-
proaching Jewish holidays

Twelve-year-old Michael Perez of 434 East
Seventy-fifth street in crossing Seventy-seventh
street at First avenue was knocked down and in-
ganar willed by 6 mineral water wagon driven by

4 Libowits,of 107 Lewis street. Libowits was
beld to awalt en inquest.

 

Brooklyn at 6.30 o'clock and sal) down the bay |

The Best on the Programme!

Uneeda
Quartet

Four of the greatest food products ever produced—and at popular prices,
too. Drawing crowded houses at the grocers every day.

now makes its bow
to the public. A hun-
ger-satisfying biscuit
for hot weather. De-
licious in milk for the
children.

+

 

SD eae <i-eacsaiaaleaapceimaatbatiaasanaaaiaiapaiaiaiabaamniiaaneiines

|

  

 
   
      

Get in line early,

    
 

  
  
    
    
   
  
   
  
 

Uneeda
Milk Biscuit

  
 
 

ANNIE FRAZIER VANISHES.

GERRY AGENTS DENY

KNOW WHERE

THAT THEY
SHE IS,

Insinuations Touching Former Speaker Uole'®™
Interest in the Girl's Case Made During
the Habeas Corpus Proceedings That Were
Brought by the Girl's Alleged Mother,

There were some interesting developments
in the Supreme Court yesterday before Justice
Fitzgerald when arguments were heard Mm the
hebeas corpus proceedings which Mrs. Eltza.
beth MeWilliams of Watkins, N. Y., has brought
Against the Gerry society of this city, Mrs,
McWilliams came here about ten days ago
from Watkins with a girl named Fannie Frasier.
A number of prominent residents of Watkins
having telegraphed to the Gerry soctety that
the woman and her hushand had {fll-treated
the girl, agentsof the society were at the station
in Jersey City when she arrived and took charge
of the voung woman. Fannie was brought
to thia city. °

At the examination hefore Magistrate Mayo
in the Centre street court last Sunday it was
brought out that Fannie, because of com-
plaints made by Watkins people of high atand-
ing, had been taken from the McWilliamaes
and placed {n the care of the Sheriff of Schuyler
county. Mrs. McWilliams called on the girl
at the ocunty jail and in some way Induced
her to leave it. Then she and her husband took
Fannie to the railway station and started for
this city with her. McWilliams was not with
the woman when the Gerry agents met the
train on its arrival in Jersey City. Mrs, Mo-
Williama told Magistrate Mavo that Fannie
was a headstrong girl and that she was bringing
her here to put ber in an institution

Grave doubt existing inthe Magistrate's mind,
both as to the exact relationship of Mra. MoWill-
jams and Fannie- whether the woman was the
mother or adopted mother--and as to the girl's
age, he discharged the girl. The proceedings
in the Supreme Court yesterday did not tend
to clear up this somewhat mysterious case,
and interest was added by certain insinu
of Mra, MeWilliams’s counsel. ney

At the opening of the hearing counsel for
the Gerry society stated that when the gir
was discharged by Magistrate Mayo she as
ermission to stay over night in the rooms o'
he society, The girl explained that Mrs.
McWilliams had adoptedgher but that she
did not want to go with Mrs. MoWilllams.
The society had kept her over night and the
next day she went away unattended and the
society hasnot since heard from ‘her. ‘ounsel
said that the soctety had received lattars from
persons in Watkins about the girl and also an
affidavit of a prominent lawyer.

“And that prominent lawyer,” inter d
P. M. Goodhart, attorney for Mrs. MoWil-
liams, “is a former Speaker of the Assembly.
He has taken a decided interest in this case.
Ne is the man who beauxed this girl around
at Watkins—this girl who is not yet 17 years
old and he a man in years. This prominent
lawyer took this gir out dri ing, gave
money to her and took her out to dinners.
He was injuring her reputation and her good
name, when her mother, Mrs. McWilliams
took her away. He had caressed and ki
her in the public streets. When this ex-Speaker
of the Assembly learned that the mother had
started for New York with her daughter his
law partner telegraphed to the Gerry soctety
and asked them to take the girl away from
her mother on their arrival here, and that's
just what the Gerry society did.”

“We deny ull that,” suid counsel for the se
ay.

“It is true und we cun prove it,” sald Mr.
Goodhart, “Th is mother only did her duty,
She had a right to take her daughter away
from Watkins, from the influence of this ex-
Speaker of the Assembly, It is not reasons
able to think that a society like the Gerry so-
ciety would turn au girl of tender yeurs loose
upon the streets without knowing where she

is going. No, the Gerry society does not do
that. This mother is begging for the return
of her daughter so that she may be saved from
disgrace. Her desire is « noble one and she
deserves the aid of the court in recovering her
child, We contend that the society knows

where the girl is if she is not under its contro}.”

Counsel for the Gerry society again denied
that the society knew where the girl now is,
and at this point the Justice closed the hearing
of the argument and reserved decision

Among the persons in Watkins who Inter-
ested themselves in Faunie Frazier's case and
who communicated with the Gerry society here
was Fremont Cole, who was at one time Speaker
of the State Assembly. THe Sun's correspondent
at Watkins saw Mr. Cole lust night. Ne wane
emphatically denied that he had ever taken
the Frazier girl to dinner or driven with her.
He said that he had spoken to her only three
timesand then alwaysinthe presence of others,
in entering into communication with the Jerry
society, Mr. Cole said, he had acted on the re-
quest of Christian women of Watkins, who
believed that the girl was being ill-treated by
her stepmother. Mr. Cole added that Mrs.
MeWilliams had told litle or nothing that was
true in her statements made in court

“That’s the real thing’*

what your friends will say when
you take them to your side-board

It is REAL — the
very SOUL of the.

rye.
Sold Every where