THE YANKEE A WINNER.

RAINBOW Fill) TWO SECONDS BEHIND
BAIPVEL DU RYBA'S BOAT,

Geventy-Footers Hove an
Over @ VFilteen-Vitle Triangle A’ Farious
Kocers Whea Near

Storm Overtukes the

the Finish and the Mineola Withdraws,

NEWPORT, Aix In the race to-day be-
tween the 7 ps the Yankee won in
ff two reconds It i niost exciting con.
test, and the finish was rade in one of the worst
squalls that New; ort Las experienced for sume

time. it did no injury to the boats, however,
although {t caused the Mineola to take fn sail
and give up when in third place It was the
fifth race in the series of ten for the cup offered
by the Newport Yaeht Ractng Association
and to-night the Yaukee and Mineola are a te
with 6 points each The Ralubow's score {#2
‘Polnts.

Barly in the morning
race were pou! [here was no wind to speak
of, and there was talk of ar

 

the prospects for a

iother postponement

 

But as the morning advanced the wind fresh-
ened and at 10 o'clock there was a light breeze
from the southwest, and It was announced
thar the race would be sailed. The yachts
were all ready and were at their moorings
with big dub topsails set, On board the Yan-
kee were Messrs, fl. B. Duryea and HL. P. Whit-
nev, her owners, and Woodbury Kane; on the
Vircinia were W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr, A. 1
he »and kh, L.. Perry: on the Mineola wore
Aticust Belmont and his two sons, and Corne-

 
 

ius Vanderbilt was alone on the Rainbow.

The committee boat Mirage went outalde
at 10:45 o'clock and the blg sloops soon followed,
6tanding ont through the dumplings under
m: ill topsailand jib. The sea was alinost
@s «iiooth as the proverbial millpond, and
wit! the freshening breeze all looked for a good
race. There were few yachts out to see the

Start, there seemingly being little interest taken
in the contest. The Mirage took up her posl-
tion off the Brenton'’s Reef lightahip at 1110
p'olock and code flag ¢ ieating that
the course would be twice over a filteen-mile
triangle, the firstleg a reach four

Boutheast, thence flve and a hall miles south-
West one-quarter south, thence five and @ hulf
tmailes north to the lightshlp.

The warning signal was given at 11:80 o'clock,
followed by the Preparatory five minutes later,
There were manwuvres for the start, and the
Yankee got the weather berth, As the start-
ing signal was blown the Rainbow, Mineola
and Yankee wer ing for the line in the
order named, the Rainbow to leeward, Mr,
Duryea, who was salling the Yankee, saw that
if ho crossed aa she was, that the two English-
men would have him at their mercy, and he
rounded up and crossed later with the Virginia,
ma The Rainbow beat the
Mineola out by aud she set her
baby jib topsail, while the Mineola set a bal-

 
 

was set, ind

miles east

cor

ing two divisions,
four seconds

looner. It looked as if on the reach the latter
would be the best mnove, but the Rainbow held
her own

In trying to pass her to windward the Rain-
bow luffed the Mineola way out of her course,
eo determined wus Capt, Parker that she should
not pass her, This is the first time that Parker
has really shown any aggressive moves against

 

Capt. Wringe, and it looked as if it was going
to be a battle royal between the two English
skippers. While the lufflng match was going

on oe Yar and Virginia were steering a
6traigiit course and gained considerably. Finally
the Kalnbow and Mineola squared away for
the .cark, and it was (hen seen that the Rainbow
had gained a little. At the mark she had in-

kee

 

creased her leadto 84 seconds. The round
was made as follows
Time.
Boat HM S
ainbow . 12 03 42
fineola 12 U4 16
fankee ove 12 05 54
Virginia 12 06924

 

On the reach {t was found that the Yankee
had made the best time with the Rainbow one

second behind her. Baby jibtopsalls were seat
ou all the boats, and the beat to the outer mark
bewan. It was here that Capt. Parker made a
nistake,for Instead of keeping the Mineola under
His lee, as he shouldhave done, he aplit tacks
with her and keptin shorein a flood tide. The
result was that when they came towether in
standing for the mark the Rainbow was weath-
ered by both the Mineola and Yankee. On the
wind the Yankee had stood out to sea more,
getting better wind, and she made up the differ-
ence at the start. It was doubtful whi h boat
Was to get the outer mark. The Mineola had
stood well off and was rounding when the Yankee
came shooting up on the starboard tavk, and
ounding up inside of the Mineola got the mark
fy two seconds, On the beat the Yankee made
he best time, covering the distance in 1 hour

 

  

nd § minutes. The round was made as fol-
ows:
Time.
Boat. HM S$
Vanke@recceeves 11140
{neola .... 131 42
ainbow 112 21
Jirginia ..... sees tee 11514
It was a quarter run to the lightship, and after

setting epinnakers and finding that they would
not draw, they were taken in. Soon the pro-
test flag was seen on the Yankee, but after the

ce it was hauled down. It isnot known what
[rns for unless it was contended that she was
prod about at the mark by the Mineola. On
his leg the wind died out and with ballooners
orward the yaclits barely moved through the

water, It began to look as tf it would be a one-
round race, the time limit being two hours and
a half. In the light wind the Yankee hauled

ightahip with only a few minutes to the good
t was a serious question whether the Mineola
or Rainbow would be second, and so close were
they when they gybed that the Mineola’s boom
went aboard the Rainbow, but tt fouled nothing.
oe Rainbow made a poor Job of it, and in taking
her ballooner {t went over the bows into the
ged for some distance be-

fet from the Mineola and she reached the

water, and then dr

 
  

ore it could be got in. The tum and elapsed
ime for the first round was;

Elapeed

Boat. Turn Time.

WMS&H MS.

Vanket.......c00s- eeeceeeecoces coos 2 0618 821 56

Mineoia..... 26458 2 34 30

ainbow ee ceeeeee 20718 2 26 49

‘iginia... 21038 227 88

The Yankee now had the race in her own
hands, and tt looked {mposstble to defeat her.
On the reach she carrled a baby jib topsall,
while the others get ble fellows. yy 18 Yankee
fost some seconds by doing ea The wind

gan to freshen on the reach, and lee rails
were soon awash From that time on the
wind increased in force and there was an
abundance of {t on the last leg. The mark was
rounded as follows;

  

Bout Time,
HM S

ankee 2 26 460
tneola »-2 3003
ainbow 23037
Virginia... ccersccceeeees ‘ 2 34 04

   

The Yankee and Mineola luffed around the
ark and headed for the Narragansett shore,
t was the right thing to do in the strong ebb
tide, and they made six or eight minutes by
80 doing. The Yankee kept the Mineola
under her lee, and one tacking would be fol-
lowed by the other, They finally stood to the
westward, and when they came out with the
nbow she weathered them both by a quarter

of a mile, It was now a question {f the latter
was far enough ahead to overcome the Yankees

 

lead. There was no trouble as the mark thi
time, and they rounded tn the following ore eee
Boat a hk
PRAUNDOW ....- 00s screrceerevenccecsessorenenes 323 28
VORMCE os scrccccverece 242
Mineola, ... .-cseeees 334 46
Virginia chee eees ' +3 27 37
No sooner had the run to the finish line begun
than & squall was seen coming up from the
northeast. At first it did not look sarious
When the leaders were within five minutes of

 

the finish line it assumed grave proportions, and
coasters that were nearby took [pn all sail, “y he
clouds rolled up until it was as dark as twilight
and the wind and rain could be seen coming
over the water, The leaders stuck to It, how-
ever, and just managed to finish when the
storm broke tn all its fury. On the Rat; how
and Yankees head sails and topralls were low-
eted in short order, and then the boats listed
until the water was up to the cockpit rail The
wind blew a gale The Mineola took in all eafl
and a line was thrown to her from her tender

W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr, on the Virginia, lowered
everything except mainsail and jib, and thea
beat to the finish Uneand into the harbor All
the other | oats were towed home. In taking
fn the Yankees topsall the crew had wreat
wor « it on deck. and the mate wag
nen ed overboard. Summary follows
7 Elapsed
Start Finish Time.
dio nt Owner aMSAHMS RM. A.
} bow, C. Vanderdiit..11 40 24 402 48 422 24
Ve Duryea and
114257 40400 42132
W.K. Vander
114390 @18 21 48021
\. Belmont 1140 28 withdrew

 

Phe yachts will race again to-morrow
Polo.
NEWPORT, Aug. 17.—The Newport polo tourna-

Ment opens tomorrow, the play to be for the Newport

cups. Phe contesting teams will be the Poly
Cott Club and Philadelphia Freepootera oe

Exciting Contest |

NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN.

 

Jimmy Michael Talks of the Sport and His
Prospects.

Manager Rich of the Bridgeport bicycle

   

track w New York yesterday and he told
Chair tehelder of the N, C. A, Board of
Control personally what he had previously

Kennedy, his manager, bad “squared them-
him for thelr recent default at
the match arranged between
Nelaon by agreeing to a race be-
tween Michael and Nelson on terms satiafactory
ito Rich, As the N, C, A, had nothing againat
| Michael personally, but had suspended Michael
i io order to protect the Bridgeport promotérs,
this staternent was satisfactory, but Michael
! will not be reinstated to good standing until
| he has met Nelson, Commenting upon the
whole situation, Chairman Batchelder remarked
}
|

with
his track in
Michael and

|
} written to kita that Jimmy Michael and Jim
| selves”

   

yesterday to a reporter of THE BUN:

“If you consider the matter fully, I think
you will see that delinquencies under the N.C, A.
| management are bringing their own punish-
ment, quite apart from the arbitrary discipline
of the organization, In the case of Kennedy
and Michael, for instance, Michael has been
debarred from racing for a length of thme
that has cost him and his manager several
hundreds of dollars and Kennedy and the
| pacemakers have been fined $150, Michael
did race at Bridgeport against Nelson,
Very well, he was suspended and could pot
race with Miller at Manbattan Beach on Avg.
6, and there was seven or eight hundred dol-
lars lost on the meet, Michael will not
| eligible to race agalu until after he races with
These kinds of happenings should
teach any one that honesty is best as a policy,
even if it is not a habit in connection with cycle
racit.

hot

ie

Nelson,

 

Jimmy Michael came downtown from hh
training quarters at Herkeley Oval yesterday
eveniug on his Way to Bridgeport and he wi

 

 

 

  

 

met by a reporter of ‘Tun ScN when he had

lipped in “by his lonesome” for a “mug o

Bass,” which the “Welsh Rarebit" always d

in moderation while truining J hie ige
} was quite communicative for hin, the Hnmilt

his remarks to newspaper men tsutlly
aK my ma ,

who ordiuarty

 

lun

refiiges information, Vv

t
f
ber
Inarambiing talk Mict act,
K

   

 

| te formation that he had been ridin

| lidly at Berkeley Oval and had in training
gone five miles jn 7 minutes and 15) be onda,
or thirty seconds below the world’s record,
The questic wus usked

true of course that you did not meet
becuuse you were alrud of belng de-

It 1s

wo'll

 

the unswer: “Well,
see about ti neat Wednesday night.’

Speaking tuo hout with his custumary
brevity and acce Jimmy said that in a bit of
trial work, the same one that gave him & min
utes and 17 seconds for tive miles, he had ridden
the first mile in i rulnute and 36 seconds, the
hest three tailes in ol riinute and 26 seconds
and the fifth mile int minute and 27 sec-
onda, Michael looked well and this was com-
mented upon, He was alent also when he was
complimented on being the only man who had
“quit the game and gotten back better than
ever Nothing in the nature of applause fr
the grandstand or personal flattery seers to be
appreciable to the little fellow To ail
demonstrations he bas been always as silent
and 4s expresaioniess as the Sphinx. Some-
thing last nlaht, however, moved him to a lew
remarks that were remarkable hecauee of their
furnishing the first indication, in a verbal way,
that Michael does know atid appreciates what
is popular and does care about what the public
likes. By a third person who joined Michael
and the reporter «4 Ratierine remark was made
ubout the perennial popularity of the “Midget.”

Jimmy was ¥ u to the remark, but rejoined;

“Ah, but the paced riding now is not as well
liked as it was when the men were following
the multicycles driven by the men. The peo-
fi in the stand liked to see the change of pace
rom one machine to the other That was
the whole thing then. It was pretty. Now
it is only dig from the start on to the end.”

Michael said that he weighed about 102 or 103
pounds and that he was not akipping the rope
or working quite as hard in training. He said
he made a mistake in his race with Nelson
by miscounting the miles. He intended to
pase in the eighteenth and take the lead and
when he had reckoned it was the sixteenth mile
it was the nineteenth. He called upon his
pacemakers but the motor machine was “all
out" and could not respond although he was
fresh. Jimmy spoke as if he thought there
would be money for him during the tndoor
races next winter and said he tatended to be
in them. When asked if he was wetting along
all right.with his manager he replied {na mono-
svilable “Yes,” without expression of voice
or countenance,

One other interesting statement volunteered
by the Midge that he knew he “was riding
ensier than ever because in former seasons he
had a pain in the chest after_a race” and this
vear he had not heen troubled that way ol-
lowing this remark he explained that his failure
to meet Nelson was due to the fact that he was
booked for several races {in rapid succession
and was told about the bookings in an insuf-
ficient time properly to prepare hirnself

onleully cume

 

 

 

such

 

 
 
   

  
 

Following ts substantially the weekly road
report of the New York State Division L. A. W.,
isstied last night

Long Island Hoads, Sidepaths and Cycle Paths
According to reports received from Long Isiand the
earth roads are particularly good in all directions.
What little dust there was on the macadam roads has
been v ed off, and they are pow in prime condi
tion paths edge, side and cycle paths «show
no chang and no washouts ¢ § inroads by
heavy ra

west ¢

 

   
 
 

       

ounty (rr
1 greatly improves
Merrick road between

end

series of light

roads and paths,
and Bay Shore ts in good shape; the

, and cyclists have no tr

 

rains, Wl
The

country
Amity
aldepath
ible in

|
|

ville

has been completed

making connections between these two places

The road through Uakdale and Islip is splendid,

|
|

 

rom Moriches, through Hrookhaven to
iogue, isfmuch Improved. From Quogue to Fast
ie the road and sidepath are both in good shape,
between Quogue and Good Ground the riding ts
which
pushing. From Good
{fils the new cycle path

and the road
Pat

   
 

so good, except where there ls an edge path,
makes falriy comfortable
Ground over the Stinnecoe
built this year ls much fr ented by wheelmen; it
affords not only excellent riding but beautiful seen-
ery. ‘Lhere ls another very pretty path through the
woods {rem Lridgehampton to Fasthampton; the
path ls somewhat narrow, but ts fatrly good riding.
From Fasthampton to Amagansett the road ts good,
From Port Jefferson east turough Stony Brook the
eidepath ts fine. The sldepath from Selden to Lake
Ronkonkoma ts good; the stdepath from Huntington
to the harbor te In splendid reine condition.

New York and New Jersey —The earth roads in
the vietnity of Fort Montgomery and Matteawan

   

arefalr. The roads of Tappan are fairto good. Free
Naghuysen avenue to Elizabeth has been repatred
recentiy and is excellent ridin new top dressing
has been placed on “Hobart Hill” between Miliburn
and Chatham, butitis ridable. The macadam roads
of New Hrunswick are fine; the earth roads are a lit-
Ue rough. The road of Forest Hill, N. J., are wet
and muddy. The macadom and earth roads of Mon
clair, Roseville aud Westfield, N. J., are all good.

 

The following paragraph was sent oyt last
nicht by the New York Division L. A. W., aup-
plementary to its weekly road report:

“Complaint war pocesiily lodged at the headquarters
of the New York State Diviston, League of American
Wheelmen, by three reputable citizens of the West
Side against @ resident in the neighborhood of East
Sixteenth street who was in the habit of throwing
bottles and plates from a fifth-story window down to
the asphalt pavement below: investigation on the
part of these ettizens resulted in finding that thie was
a nightly occurrence, ‘The matter was promptly re
gored by the League ofMictals w the Soctety for the

*revention of Cruelty to Animals, with the resu't that
yrompt action on their part has caused the offence
e be discontinued, Wheelmen may now ride in thig
section without fear of having thelr tires punctured
by the plates, bottles, &c., whicu until recently cov
ered the street from curb to curh, If all wheelmen tn
Greater New York would atmply asstst In carryin
out the original intention of Section 661 of the Pena
Code, they would not or ly serve the cause of human
ity, but secure protection for themselves against a
needless and frritating annoyance, such as stated
above.

The bieyele riders of the village of South.
ampton, Y 1, have banded together to fesist
ine Suffolk County Sidepath Commissioners
The Commissioners have made overtures to
the village trustees of Southampton toward
acquiring jurisdiction over the bicycle paths
in the village If the proposition mt the Com-
missioners should be Agreed upon it will be
necessary for every wheelman in the villa,
to have a tag upon his wheel if he desires to
ride upon any of the paths In the village. The
commisetoners urge that if they have charge
of the paths it. will relieve the village from
the axpense of maintaining them, and the
Commissioners keep the paths in such splendid
repair that there would be eat advantage
to the riders, On the other hand, it was the
wheelmen of Southampton who subseribed
all the money for the constructlop of the village
pathe They therefore object 8 being taxed
or the privilege of using them. The wheel-
men are demanding that the trustees sub-
mit the proposition to a vote of residents he-
fore any action is taken The whaelmen be-
lieve they can defeat the proposition to sur-
render the paths

Woncestr, Aug. 17.—Four thousand persons
went wild with enthustasm at the opening races
on the new Velodrome cycle track in Worcester
sevening. Major Taylor rode an exhibition
mile paced by the motor tandem ridden by
Stone and Hedstron y
the track of 1 minute, 87 1-5 seconds
the fir-t half in 46 2-5 seconds. A new record
for a motor competition race onastx lan track
was also established by the Truzler-Rouell team
50 4-5 second
The first
md
ont in the half-mile
trial heat,

. establishing a record for
He roda

In 2 minutes,
son-Porter tean
1 te, 3b 2

defeating the Gib-
mile was done tn
Majur went
sorateh race, win-
and the final fa 1 minute,

 

 

2 15) Meconds. Howard Freeman finished
second, Tom Butler third, Hugh McLean fourth,
vorge Collptt finishing last. Six men went
to the matt in the mile handicap, amateur.

  
  

|

      

       

F. J, Cadwell, aorateh, fplebed a winner to
2 minutes, 8 3-6 seconds, EF. J, Hammond sec-
ond, lL. Hurley third, W. H. Meinie fourth.
Sam Sulkins and Roy Hinckley dropped out

The event of the night was the ten-mile motor
paced race between Ike G. Perry of Worcester,
ond R. M. Alexander of Hartford. Perry wog
by abut a quarter of @ lap. He was pace
by Truzler and Roue}l, Johnny Nelson's tearo.
Alexander followed Stone and Hedstrom for

pace. Perry's time was 17 minutes and 47

seconds aud Alexander's 17 minutes and 60 4-5
| seoonds, ‘The eecond was the fastest mile,
1 minute and 41 seconds, ridden by Perry, who
led throughout the race,

Returna on the award of prizes for the clubs
paving the greatest number present at Bergen
aaoh on ‘Wheelman's Day” Thursday were
hot made until yesterday. The Greater New
York Wheelmen of Brooklyn won, first prize
the Mutual Wheelmen_ of Brooklyn secoud
prize and the Century Road Club Assoctation
of New York third prize. More wen thirty
clubs made a cre itable showing. t was the
biggest day that the “Beach” ever has known.
It was estimate’ that 10,000 wheelmen were
present, to say notuing of women and children.
The defeat of Masor Taylor by Charles Miller
at Hartford on Thursday night vy no slit}
rise to the racing men here who have been
Following form. Te was Taylor's first race
vehind pace this season and he has recently
recoverai from an acnte iilness. On .16 other
hand, Miller has been following pace in fine form
forall the summer. Thetime forthe ten miles,
17 rhinutas and 41 seconds, was creditable to
Miller, and Taylor's defeat by three laps was @
signal one he fall of Kramer and Dyer in
the first lap of the thrae-mile motor-paced race,
which was won by Miller and Judge, was 4
Cjsappolntment, but {t is doubtful f {t altered
the result. W. F. Wahrenberger’s ride in the
two-mile amateur race mace a new State rec-
tord, the time being 4 minutes 171-6 seconds.
| Wahrenberger fs a member of the Harlem
Wheelmen

The following elub runs are announced for
to-morrow;

Club, Start. Destination

Aurora W. New York New Dorp,

| Caristadt GO Carlstadt . Hdgefield.
Eagle W New York Midland Beach.
Greater VN. ¥.W Drooklyn Lay Shore
Jefferson W.....eees . New York..... Bergen Beach,
Linwood W... . New York..... Silver Lake
Madiewn W ‘ New York New Rochelle
Penn Glen W.. Brooklyn.. Century Run
Royal Arcanum W Brooklyn Hiyde Park.
Vigilentc. ¢ New York Rockaway.

Sramponp, Au@ 17--The Stamford Wheet

} Club, an organ gation that bas existed here for

five vears an! at on time had 300 members,

vot'd to diavandat aspectal meeting held fto-

nieht. This action was taken aa it has been

| found {inpossible to get up an Interest in the
lub

SOME TENNIS SURPRISES.

 

Keen Rtvalry tn the Caamplonship Sertes at
Newport.

Newport, Aug. 17.--The third round of the
champlonshtp lawn tenuls tournament at the
Casino here this morning kept up the previous
reputation of the meeting for surprises. Wright
upset all calculations by beating Davis, while
George Wrenn beat his brother, Robert D,, the
ex-champlon, in straight sets to the surprise
of every one. The other two matches resulted
as had been predicted, Gore beating Black, his
fellow visitor from abroad, with surprising ease,
while Larned disposed of Chace’s chances with
the loss of orfly one ret

The match that had been featured for the
championship court morning was that
between the two British experts. Before the
play began it seemed a foregone conclusion
that Gore would be the winner. Both of the
visitors unquestionably played to win, but
Gore was openly confident that he would beat
Black and the latter did not seem to have much
hope of upsetting this calculation, despite
the fact that he was rated above (iore last
season In the official ranking for the year, and
also made a better showing at Wimbledon
in the English championship this season against
the ultimate winner. The old visitor was
in much better physical condition than Black,

Gore hammered the ball with terrific drives
from the base line, his strokes showing greater
speed than that of any of the American players,
and with lesa percentage of errors. Particu-
ularly on the forehand side he was very deadly,
and passed Black repeatedly or forced him
into euch difficulties that he had to make errors
in his forlorn hopes of getting out of dim-
culties, Black’s method of volleying from the
service line, inatead of from close to the
net, as do the American volleyers, made
it very dimenuit for him to kill
any of Gore's drives, and accounted largely
for his poor showing as compared with that
of Ward yesterday. It was Imnpossible for him
to kill the fast drives of Gore even when he did
reach them, while Ward constantly killed with
suceess from the close net position. Black
did not get a single game in the first set nor

this

in the dast, and only madea [ospectadis ehowe
ing in the second after Gore had earned a lead
of 4-0 And grown careless from the ease with

which he was winning.
The real feature of the day turned out to be
the Wright-Davis match, which was put on the
championship court immediately after the
| Gore-Black match was finished. Davis was
a 5 to 4 favorite before the mateh began, and
these odds seemed more than justified whan
{t was seen that he waa In oneof hts most brill-

 

 

jant streaks. Gls service was more twisting
and erratic in bound than usual, and his
| overhead volleving and his passing strokes
| off the ground were both unusually ace
curate and fast In the first two seta
he held a slight advantage almost from
| fhe start, and each time he landed
a winner by 64 In the third set Davis's
jay slacked off a little in its speed and brill-

ancy as he tired, and Wright began to force
the game and to pass his opnonent more often,
Wright secured a substantially good lead in
this set, and at 5-3 he had the service and
4>—16 in his favor, needing only one atroke for
the set. Davis oe out of this hole and forced
the score up to deuce twice, ouly to finally lose
the set by 8-4

Davis was plainly tiring and Wright ap-
eared as strong as at the start and much bet-
er able to force the game. In the fourth set
Davia started off fresh after his reet and got
a lead of 8—1. Then his greed deserted him
agaln and he began to miss his first service
with great regularity, chiefly from fatigue,
This was Wright's chance and he made good
use of it. Bo well did he force the play that
he won five straight games in quick succession
and then took the set by 4—38 n three games,
the sixth, seventh and eighth, Wright scored
11 successive polnta, most of them earned,
and had his rival beaten from the start of the
last vet, taking a lead of 3-0 at the start, then
4—1 and 5 2 hofore he finally pulled out a love
forty game for the set, 6—2, and the match

Tarnai found Mttle difficulty {tn beating
Chace, the veteran. His strokes were always
a little better than those of his onponent and

no amount of lobbing from Chace could pre-
vent Larnal {rom iting the ball overhead.
Larned took the first two seta with surprising
e@ase, but lost the third by a close acore. HH
sulled_ himself together in the fourth set and
ept Chace on the run, never letting up until
he had taken all six games straight and with
them a love set to finish up work.

The match between the two Wrenn brothers
was interesting because it furnished another
test of the ex-champion's skill as opposed
o a strong mayer of the younger school,
| Bob Wrenn had shown such good form
against Stevens yesterday that most of
the experts believed he would also dispose
| of his brother without much diMeulty, but
George was very steady and very accurate
in his play. He led up to 4—0 in the first set
and took it finally by 6-4. The second was
easy for him all the way, and in the third
he won again by 4—4 after the score had gone
upevenly to four-all.

To-morrow the programme calls for the two
semi-final matches. Gore vs. Wrenn and Larned
vs. Wright. The Englishmen feel very confi-
dent that Gore will beat Wrenn and are already
talking of the possibilities of his winning the
championship, but the American experts can-
ot see it in the same light, backing Wrenn at

to 5 against him, offering 2 to 1 against
pis chances for the all-comers, and 5 to 1 that
16 doas not take the title from Whitman. The
champion, {t will be remembered, beat Gore
in the international matches at Longwood last
week in three etraight easy sets. Whitman
reached here to-day and an practice for the
defence of his championship. Odde are al-
ready offered on his success, no matter which
one of the fonr remaining players he meets in
the challenge round. The scores of to-day's
matches follow

Championship Singles—Third round—Beals ©.
Wright beat Dwight F. Davis, 4—8, 4—6, 4-6, 6~3
6—2; Willlam A. Larned beat Maleolm G. Chace
6-1, 6-1, 4-6, 6-0: A, W. Gore beat BE. D. Black,
6-0, 7-8, 6-0; GL. Wrenn, Jr., beat R. D. Wrenn,
6—4, 6—1, 6—4,

 

 

International Chess.

Specta’ Cable Despatch to THE SUN
MuNicH, Aug 17.—The third game of the tie
match between Plilsbury and Schlechter was played

to day and rerulted tn a draw after Afty-four moves,
The men agreed to divide frst and second prizes

 

Entries for the Pastime Games Close To-day

Entriesfor the Pastime A. ©. games, which will
take place on next Saturday, close to-day with

George K. Bolster, chairman of the Games Committee,
at the club honse, Sixty siath street and East River.

 

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses

are more fully and ably treated in Tas Suw's
news columns than (pn any other medium, Ade
ertising thus mes more uable io Tas
Us for obvious reasons. Remember this. —

THE SUN, SATURDAY,

 

TIM CALLAHAN THE WINNER

BEATS EDDIE GARDNER IN THE THIR
TEENTH ROUND.

 

The “‘Omeha Kid,’ Brother of the Loser,
Jumps Into the Ring to Prevent Farther
Puslshment—Fast Fight at Every Stage
Amateur Hopkins Soores a Knock Out,

Tn an unusually fast glove fight at the Broad-
way A. C. last night, Tim Callahan of Phila-
delphia succeeded {n defeating Eddie Gardner
of Wheeling, W. Va. {n the thirteenth round.
Up to the point when the loser’s brother, Oscar
Gardner, Jumped in to the ring to prevent fur-
ther punishment, it was anybody's battle.
Gardner had Callahan in trouble several times,
but the latter's generalship and accurate punch-
ing finally helped him out of what once looked
like an awkward predicament. Callahan wante
to fight Terry McGovern, but those who saw
him perform last night are not liable to bet on
his chances with the featherweight champion
should such a match be arranged.

Jack Hopkins, former A. A. U. lightwelght
champion, made his début as a professional,
in the preliminary bout, scheduled to go
twelve rounds at 130 pounds. His opponent
was Eddie Cain of Brdboklyn and Charley White
was the referee, As soon as the first bell rang
Cain began putting in lefta to the face. One
of these blows sent Hopkins against the,ropes,
Cain followed with a rush and Hopkins, coming
back, met him with a hard right hand smash
on the Jaw. Cain dropped to the floor like a
log and was counted out, The time of the round
was forty-five seconds, Whether Cain quit or not
does not matter, for Hopkins demonstrated
his ability to hit a powerful emash.

Callahan was a 2 to 1 favorite over Gardner.
The former's seconds were Billy Roche, Harry
Tuthill, George MoFadden and Florrie Barnett.
Gardner was handled by his brother, Oscar
Gardner, Julius Mack, Andy Walsh and Louis
The conditions were twenty-five rounds
As Gardner was four pounds
overwelght Callahan demanded a forfeit of
6100. The latter's manager finally gave $50
to Callaban out of his own pocket and Tim con-
sented to go on.

When they stood up Callahan was taller by
a head. He was also in possession of a much
longer reach. Gardner, thickset and short
in the legs, proceeded with rushing tactics,
Callahan meeting him with body blows and
clinches, Gardner finally reached the jaw
with @ heavy left but before he could follow
Callahan beat him off with fast, hard swings on
the head

Gardner rushed again in the second round
and in a series of half clinches he banged the
stomach and kidneys. Callahan continued to
meet him with long lefts in the stomach and
solid right hand counters on the head, Calla-
han soon cut loose with more vigorous swings
on the neck until Gardner was unsteady on his

pins but at that the latter Was more anxious
to mix it than before with the result that it was
give and take to the gong ;

The pace was too fast to last and so far Cale
lahan had shown considerable | superiority,
Gardner began the third with the same old
rushes. Callahan Jabbed him in the mouth
with repeated lefts and also pounded the ribs,
but he could not keep Eddie ewer. Callahan
then increased his speed with a hard assault,
but Gardner was going with him all the way
and when time was up the crowd applauded
loudly

Callahan slipped away from the tnevitable

ish in the fourth and then stepped in with a
vot left hook on the jaw. Gardner came at biin
without delay, however, Callahan driving in
aneffective right to the heart, Gardner stuck
close with swing after swing, thereby for =e
Tim to fight with all of his strength to the enc
At the bell Callahan had a slight advantage,
but Gardner was still able to mix it with danger-
ous blows.

Gardner didn't rush as the fifth opened, so
Callahan went to him with a left in the stomach.
Gardner then adopted his former slugging tac-
ties. Callahan recetved a number of solid
whacks in the body but he responded with
straight lefte in the lace and uppercuts in the
wind. Gardner fell in a mix-up but was after
his man again as soon as he could get to his feet.
They were pegging away on the ropes at the
bell.
In the eixth Callahan landed the cleaner
blows, nearly all of which were straight. Gard-
ner kept on rushing and swinging. Callahan
finally caught him on the chfn with a right
and Gardner reeled. But he was himaelf again
and went in for another mix-up. Callahan
stood him off with stiff wallops in the face and
stomach and at the end Gardner was rather
tired but still strong and willing.

Gardner was warned In the seventh round
for using the heel of his glove on Callahan's
throat. Then Gardner resumed Ids rushing
tactics, only torecelve another clean-cut sima-h-
ing inthe face and body. Gardner took all that
was coming, however, and was still a tough
customer when he went to his corner.

Gardner resorted to rough business in the

Creen,
at 124 pounds

Clehth. He rushed blindly, elugging away
with both hands, regardless of Callahan's
fabs and body blows He got to the neck and
face several times until Tim was unsteady.
Then he landed 4 wallop on the chin and Calla-
han reeled. But Tim with @ameness came
back all the tinga with desperate awings, sev-

eral of which setved to pull Gardner up toward
the close, It was a flerce round and the crowd
stood up and celled when it was over

Both were tire? from their efforta when ther
came outforthe ninth. After they had sparred
for a while, Gardner eailet in once more with
soine great swings on the head. Callahan
landed a number of similar blows, after which
there was a short walk around. They were
puffing for wind in the last minute

Gardner ran in with @ couple of amashesa on
the jaw in the tenth that plainly hurt the Philad-
delphia fighter. Gardner also got to the etom-
ach and ‘im clinched. Gardner kept. at it
after that until Callahan stood him off with
an upper cut on the chin. Still Eddie was
the more aggressive and had the round,

Gardner resumed his attack as soon as he
could {!n the eleventh, Callahan met him with
some corking blows in the face and stomach,
but they were not enough to keep the sturdy
little man away. Gardner never let up and
a moment before the bell he reached the jaw
with a belt that came near putting the Quaker

away. As it was Tim was distressed as he sat
down.

Gardner didn't walt for a presthing epell
in the twelfth. He forced matters with more

rushes and swings, in spite of the jolts that were
continually shooting {nto his face. Callahan,
put on the defensive, finally staggered his
man. with a terrific right on the jaw. But
Gardner stood tn close with the result that a
fierce elugqing bee followed, both men being
in trouble, but etill going tt when the bell rang.
Gardner's le't eye was cut and Callaban’s
nouth was bleeding when their seconds took
Hold of them.

Gardner was etill boring in when the thir-
teenth began. Callahan opened his dam-
ed eye for more blood with several cuttin
le ta. He also scored a half knock down with
a right on the jaw and when pierduer got up
Tim went in to finish'him. With a storm of
blows he had Gardner groggy, but the latter
still had his punch with him and landed it flush
in the mouth. Callahan was rapidly cutting
his man into ribbons, when Oscar Gardner
jumped into the ring and save {s brother
rom further punishment. Callahan was de-
clared the winner, the time of the round being

2:50.

 

The Weather.

Unsetiled and showery conditions prevailed in the
Middle Atlantle States, lower New England, the Ohto
Valicy, Illinotsiand Wisconsin. Elsewhere through-
out the country the weather was @enerally fair, The
pressure was highinthe aouth Avantio and east Gulf
Statesand north of the Lake regions. Elsewhere it
was low, with 4 general depression forming in Mon-
tana and South fakota and, joining with a second
depression forming in New Mexico and Arizona.

There was little or no change tn temperaturein any
of the States. The heat, however, was extreme tn the
Southwest, ranging from 04 to 104 degrees tn north-
ern Texas, Kansas and Nebraska

In this city the morning was cloudy and there was
a heavy shower in the early afternoon, After 2 P. M.
it cleared, the wind was generally light to fresh north-
east and east; maximum temperature, 61 degrees at
11 A. Mj; average humidity, 72 per cent; barometer,
corrected to read to sea level at 8A. M., 20.94; 3 P,
M., 30.00,

The temperature asrecorded by the ofMctal ther-
mometer, and also by “ THE SUN'S" thermometer at
the street level, is shown in the annexed table:

—OMmela— Sun's | —-OMcial—~ Sun's

1900, 1600. 1900, 1900. 1808 1900,

9A. M 78° 73° 70°, 6P.M. 70° 79° aoe

i2M 60° 81° 76°; 9P. M..77° 7° 75°

3 P.M 75° 60° =. 76°12 Mid ..74° BY O74*

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND
TO-MORROW,

For New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, Connecticut and eastern New York,
generally fair Saturday and Sunday; light to fresh
north winds,

For eastern Pennsylvania and Delaware, generally
fair and warmer Saturday; Sunday fair; light south-
west winds.

Por New Jersey, generally fatr Saturday and Sun-
day; light southwest winds

For District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia
partly cloudy Saturday and Sunday; light to fresh
southwest winds

For western Pennsylvania, western New York and
Odio, toeal rains Saturday; Sunday fair; ight to
fresh northeast winds

AUGUST 18, 1900.

DALY AND ASHTO

A Hot 20-Round Fight at the Casino Sport-
ing Clab,

Andy Daly of Boston, Terry McGovern’s spar
ring partner, and Jack Ashton of Philadelphia
met ina 20-round combat at the Casino
Sporting Club, Brooklyn, last night. Ashton

went on in the place of Johnny Reagan
of Brooklyn and proved to be @ good
substitute. The outeome was a draw.

The opening struggle was between Kid Miller
of Bushwick and Alec Cratg of Williamsburg.
They met for ten rounds at 122 pounds. Craig
was dazed when the gong sounded for the
fourth round to begin, and he refused to we
the scratch, The referee, Chris Dalton,
awarded the battle to Miller, The second bout
was between Joe Purdy of West Virginia and
Fddieo Hayes of Wiliamsburg. They were
soheduled to box ten rounds at 126 pounds,
Purdy knocked hie man out in two minutes.
Ashton and Daly agreed to break clean. The
wetght was 116 pounds; After some fiddling
Daly broke ground, but missed aleftlead. He
tried again and amashed Ashton in the
wind. Ashton caught Daly with a heavy
awing on the head as the gong sounded

and Daly went toward the ropes, Ashton
tried to mix it up in the second, but
Daly walloped him with the right in

the stomach. Ashton did some leading after
this, but Daly was on top of his opponent all
the time and pounded the Quaker boxer's
stomach, Ashton crouched 'n the third, but he
could not get out of the way of Daly's left,
Ashton atternpted to rush, but was frustrated
with well-aimed lefts in the wind and on the
nose, Ashton plaved for the wind and reached
the stomach hard with left swings in the fourth,
Andy almost put Ashton down with a left hook
on the neok

Daly meant business apparentiyin the fifth

and hustied Ashton for ali he was worth. The
latter was grogey at the close, They kept
together in the eixth and seventh rounds
and their punches had mnore effect,
Ashton'’s leads were beginning to eet
weaker and he was 80 unsteady
that he nearly stumbled over himself. Daly

used both hands in the eighth and Ashton made
good use of the ring by sprinting. The ninth
Was interesting Daly beat Ashton hard about
the body and jaw and mixed it up savagely,
Daly seemed to be tired from his efforts tn the
teithand Ashten got home blows under the
heart which made Daly grin

Ashton crossed Daly on the Jaw in the eleventh
and Andy's form began to quake. Daly soon
recovered, however, aud had Ashton bleeding
from the mouth when the pair took their chairs.
Two accurate lefts in the wind made Ashton
wild in the twelfth and the Philadelphian swung
at random. The thirteenth was tiresorna,
The fourteenth was a trifle rapid, but no
damage wae done. The fifteenth was a little
livelier Ashton used his right hand cleanly
for (he first tne during the battle and nlanted
{t on the Boston youth's Jaw. Daly was wary
in the sixteenth and seventeenth ronnds and
saved his strength by long rane work, There
Was not much to choose between them tn the
remaining rounds,so the referee called it a
draw,

 

 

$4,000,000 FROM ALASKAN MINES,

Largest Consignment of Gold Dost Ever Re-
celved on One Steamer at Seattic.

Seatrir, Wash. Aug. 17.- The steamer
Roanoke arrived from St. Michael this after-
noon with 400 passengers and the largest con-
signment of gold dust received at Seattle slice
the opening of Alaskan mines. The consign-
ment consisted of seventeen boxes for the
British Bank of Commerce, seven boxes for
the North American Trading and Tranaporta-
tion Company, two for George Carmack, one
for the Seattle Scandinavian Rank, the value
being $8,500,000, besides $500,000 In the hands
of individuals. All this gold was from Dawson
with the exception of $60,000, which came from
the Snake River mines near Nome

The decision of Commlsstoner Stevens that
the Nome beach ia open location has caused
consternation among the miners who are ene
gaged {n washing over the sands for grub
stakes and money for passage out of the coun-
try this fall

The steamers Lakme and Robert Dollar
arrived from Nome this afternoon with small
pass nyer lists and little treasure, Previous
o thelr departure the Government steamer
Meteor arrived at Nome with 100 starving na-

tives picked up along the coast between Gol-
ovin Bay and Sinrock, The Meteor was sent
out to rescue these people. Great distress

vrevails among the natives, one whole village
ing wiped out by pneumonia,

RESTAURANT MAN

 

 

FELD FOR LIBEL,

Wrote Abont a Theatrical Man Whom
Accused of Geating a Hoard Bill,
William E. Wunderlich, manager of Browne's
chop house at 24244 Broadway, was summoned
to the Centre street police court yesterday to
answer a charge of criminal libel preferred by
George W. Sheldon, tha representative in this
country of an English theatrical firm, Wunder-
lich caused Sheldon’s arrest last May on the
charge of having violated the Hotel act in trying
to avoid payment of a board bill of $475. When

He'd

     
 

the ase was heard belore Magistrate Mayo
fn the Jefferson Market court Sheldon was dis-
charge Then he paid the bill

The charge now made by Sheldon against
Wunderlich arises out of the trouble in May
OnJune 18 Sheldon's mother wrote to him from

Jondon and sent the letter to 1424 Broadway
Sheldon had 'et the place, so Wunderlich for-
warded the letter to Sheldon's attorneys at 3090
Broadwey. Before mailing the letter, it is
charged, he printed tn large letters onthe back
“Was under arrest for endeavoring to avoid
paymentof aboard bill, W.F, Wunderlich.’

After hearing the evidence Magiatrate Crane
ordered that a complaint be taken against
Wunderlich. Then he said that while the pris-
oner did not deserve the courtesy he would
parote him until this morning, when a further
wearing in the case will be held.

PAUSE CADLE FOR MONEY,

Some “ne in Paris Used A. S. Patton's Name
in Cabling for 82,000,

LEOMINSTER, Mass., Aug. 17. The officers of
the Leominster National Bank believe an at-
tempt was made yesterday to swindle the in-
stitution out of $2,000 by means of a false cable-
gram. The cablegram was from Parls, os-
tens!bly from Alexander 8. Patton, who Is visit-
ing the Paris Exposition, asking that $2,000 be
immediately forwarded to him. The bank
became suspicious and communicated with E.
W. Doyle, the Jocal Treasurer of the Patton
Manufacturing Company, and he in turn cabled
to Mr. Patton in Paris, and this morning re-
oelved the feply that no money had been sent
for by Mr. Patton.

Mr. Doyle left this morning for New York to
consult authorities in regard to the matter,
with the view of possibly running down the per-
petrators of the scheme to ewludle.

BODY FOUND IN BARNES WwoopDs,

It Was That of a Man Weighing 200 Pounds
and Near by It Was a Kevolver.

Joseph Mett of 68 North Eighth street, and
Michael Busch of 174 Wyckoff avenue, both of
Brooklyn, found the body of an unknown man
in Barnes woods, Glendale, qhorily before
noon yeaterday. The police think the man
committed suicide. The body was that of a
man about 42 years old, 6 feot, 10 inches
all and weighing about 200 pounds. There
was a bullet wound in the man’s head and near
him was a 88-oaliber revolver. A business card
of L. Gchwars, of 205 Fulton street, Manhattan,
68 cents in change and a clipping from a German
newspaper were found in his pockets,

 

 

Missfonartes Bound for Persia.

A farewell meeting for the missionaries to
Persia who will sallon the steamer Mesaba of
the Atlantic Transport Line from this city to-
day was held yesterday at the headquarters of
the Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions.

The party includes the Rev, J. L. Potter, D. D
of (Cincinnati, Dr. and Mrs. pniveman of
Philadelphia, Miss S. 8. Lienbaoh of Panora,
Ia., Miss Jessie Wilson, M.D., of New Wilming-
ton, Pa., Miss Blanche Wilson, M. D., of Nova
Scotla, the Rey. Charies E. Sterrett of Franklin,

a., the Rev. Charies Pittrnan of MoConnella-

urge, Pa, and Miss McLaren of the American
Board of Foreign Missions.

Crossing the Continent to Bevome a Bride,

San Francisco, Aug. 17.—Wilfred Ransome,
now in business in New York, but formerly a
atudent at the University of California and
half back on the footpall team, ts to marry
piss Hamilton atl tho left Oakdand for N w

ork last night. n@ ceremon will tr

lace in the East owing to act that Mr.

somo has found {t impossible to get away

from his business to make the trip to California,

H. L. Cammans’s Country House Strack by
Lightning.

STamporv, Conn., Aug. 17.—Henry L. Cam-
mans'’s One residence on Palmer's Hill, near

the residence of Henry 0. Hevemerer, was
struck, by lightning et an early hour this morn-

. wo to t extent
Fis poatdencs xtent of $500 was done,
fied.

 

ie one of the finest in this neigh-

| killed in the Philippines.

   

TRADE MARK

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING,

The SPARKLETS a
cont pocket, and the spe
stantial enoug

h to take yachting or cam

le that one bottle is enough for the fam

given to everything coo

ugh for 20 drinks can be carried in the waist.
FN eee hile pretty enough for any table, is su.

The process {8 so quick and ein.

ing.
fi - The fizz and sparkle of Champagne
l for 24g cts. a bottle

 

Mineral tablets and fruit 6
Plain bottles, $1.50 upwards,

SPARKLETS, pts, 25 cts Qts, 40 cts.

All Druggists,

Compressed Gas Capsule Co.,

LAKE SHORE MAIL TRAIN WRECKED.

 

Three Cars Koll Into Sandusky Bay—Elght
Persons Injured.

Sanpusxy, Ohio, Aug 17.—Fast mail train No,
8, westbound onthe Lake Shore, was W recked
on the banks of Sandusky Bay, near here, at
12:30 o'clock this morning. The train was
running thirty miles an hour when a broken
rail was struck close to the bay bridge.

The locomotive and first mail car passed
safely, but the next two mall cars and a combi-

nation mail and smoker went over the embanke |

ment Into the bay. The water was about six
feet deep, but the passengers and mail clerks
were inno danger from drowning. All climbed
out in safety,

Six mail clerks sustained brutras, and two
passengers were cut by broken glass, but none
was so seriously injured as not to be able to
proceed West on a special train which was
made up at Sandusky

The cars are sixty feet long, and two of them
atood partially on end in the water. Wreck
traina were sent out at once from Toledo_and
Sandusky. Physicians were secured from Port
Clinton and Sandusky. They took care of the
injured and were sent back home at 5 o'clock,
The conductor's report says every one is Ace
counted for.

The bridge was uninjured and traffic was
delayed but slightly.

 

DISMISSED DR. N. L. GRIFFEN.

He Sympathized With Another Doctor Who
Was Gallant to a Woman,

New Haven, Conn., Aug. 17.—Dr. N. L. Griffen
of New London, N. H., a graduate of the Yale
medical school and until recently a member of
the staff of the New Haven Hospital, was sus-
pended from the hospital to-day. His offence
consists of having sympathized too stongly
with a brother doctor, Two weeks ago Dr,
Dean Foster, another Yale man, was ‘dismissed
from the staff of the hospital because he vol-
wnteered to take to her home in Portland, Me.,
Miss Clara Sweetzer, a nurse at the hospital,
who was ill, Miss Sweetzer was engaged to
Dr. Huselbure, a Yale man, who was recently
Before he joined the
army he was a member of the staff of the New
Haven Hospital, While there he became en-
gaged to Mtles Sweetzer. The latter was over-
come by the news of his death

Dr. Foster was Dr. Huselbure’s best friend.

{e, therefore, volunteered to take Miss 8 weetzer
1ome, Dr. Griffen believed that Dr. Foster
was treated unfairly and at once resigued. The
hospital directors have declined to accept Dr,
Griften’s resignation and have dismissed him.

 

 

TWELVE+YEAR-OLD GIRL MISSING.

It Is Feared That Elizabeth Victz of Brooklyn
Has Been Carried Off by a Sailor.

Elizabeth Vietz, 12 yeara old, disappeared
from her parents’ residence at 181 Elizabeth
street, Brooklyn, on Wednesday evening and
no trace of her has been found. Her father,
Charles Vietz, keeps a hotel at 181 Elizabeth
street, which is frequented by ®e1 captrins
and sailors. Mr. Vietz fears that his daughter

has been abducted by some sailor and believes
she is restraine of her liberty on some tugboat

 

|

 

   

| children,

yrups furnished,
Syphon bottles,
(Boxes of 10,)

Write for Booklet.

2.50 upwarda

B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

MINISTER HAD HIM ARRESTED.

The Rey. Mr. Dantel Says His Neighbor Strack
Lim and Called Him Names,

Tarrytown, N. ¥., Aug. 17. John J. Hetns
and the Rev. George Daniel oceupy adjotning
eottages on Beekman avenue, and no fence
marks the exact line which divides the ground
of one from the other. Mr. Hetna has a boat
swing hung upon high upright timbers for his
It seems that the Hetns children
haverecently been trespassing upon Mr, Daniel's
property by ewinging far up in the air over
his land. They also moved the ground sup-
port of the swing a few inches on Mr, Danie!'s
land. He warned the children of the trespass
and moved the uprights back. Then some
one moved the swing upon Mr, Daniel's ground
again, Mr, Daniel went over to the Heins
territory on Tuesday to expostulate. ‘ie
fllewes that instead of receiving hia expostu-

 

lations {n a neighborly manner, Mr. tieins
called him names and threatened to break his
face, He also alleges that Mr. Aetna atruck

him in a rude and sudden manner, knocking
him back into his own. territory.

Mr. teins says that he gently led hia neleh-
bor home and gave him Instructions not to call
again. The Rev. Mr. Daniel went to Judge
Armstrong who soon issued a warrant for as-
sault in the third degree. Mr. Helns demanded
atrial by jury and the case is down for to-morrow
morning at 0 o'clock.

 

ARSENIC IN HERRICK'S STOMACH.

The Chicago Broker Who Died Mysteriousiy
on Aug. 0 Was Polsoned.

CHicaaco, Aug. 17.—Arsenic in deadly quan'|-
ties has been found in the stomach of Edward
P. Herrick, the aged commission merchant, who
died under mysterious conditions on the even-
ing of Aug. 9. The presence of the drug waa
revealed in a chemical analysis of the stomach 4
contents, confirming the previous discovery of
Coroner's Physician Joseph Springer, by who
traces of poison were detected when an autopsy
Was held,

It is more than suspected that two other
poi ons, antimony and mercury, are also to be
foundin the stomach, but there has not bee
sufficient time to complete the chemical test for
these drugs and Prof, Mark Delafontaine, who
is conduc ing the analysis, has asked that the
inquest, set for to-day, be postponed until next
Wednesday

The teat has demolished the theory that Her
rick may have come to his death as the result
of his practice of self-doctoring with drugs in
“tablet form found inahomeaorathic chest
which was in use in the Herrick household, So
little poison wasin these medicine tablets that
it has been estiinated by experta In ease that
the broker wou'd not have been killed had he
taken a whole box of them at one time.

 

MERCIFUL MAGISTRATE CRANE,

 

Lets a Poor Woman Go Who Broke the Law
From Ignorance,

Magistrate Crane believes in tempering Jus-

tice with mercy. Philomene Kremer of 4s

, West Eighth street was arraigned before }if

or barge in the Erie Basin or along the water- |
front |

She had lived with her grandmother in Han-
over, Germany, until a year ago. Her parents
say ashe was Very shy in her disposition. She is
only 12 years old, butlooks to be fully 16. She is
tall and has blue eyes, fair complexion and
li@ht hair.
dress when ehe left home.

STARVING IN THE MIDST OP PLENTY.

Growth tn the @sopbagus Was Keeping Food
Out of Haber'’s Stomach,

Starving to death with plenty of food at hand
to eat is the plight that Willlam Huber has been
in for weeks. Huber is an upholsterer living at
838 East Thirty-second etrect. Last March he
had trouble ineating, but his family thought he
was only suffering from indigestion. Several
weeks ago his condition became alarming and
he was removed to the New York Hospital. It
was found there that a growth had formed in
his @eophagus and had almost e:tirely closed
that tube, preventing any food from entering
thestomach. Huber was operated on and yes-
terday he was remoyed to Bellevue, where his
case is being watched with great interest. He
is in a terribly weakened conaition.

HARRY WHITNEY SICK IN ARIZONA.

 

He Is a New Haven Man and Is Related
Harry Payne Whitney.

New Haven, Conn., Aug. 17.—News was
received here to-day that the Harry Whitney
who is fll in Tucson, Ariz., is aNew Haven boy.
He is the son of Stephen Whitney, a wealthy
resident of this city, and @ relative of Harry
Payne Whitney of New York. Young Whitney
has had an adventurous career. He owna a
ranch in Arizona and was out there on a “cow-

vunching” expedition when he was taken ill,

t was inthis way that his name was confused
with that of Harry Payne Whitney of New
York. His father is at Mount Desert, Me, |

to

She wore a blue and white striped
!
!
!

t in

in the Centre street police court yesterda
charged by an excise agent with having #old
whiskey without a IHcense at 6 Barcluy street,
where runs a small restaurant. When
Macistrate Crane had heard the evidence he
reed the papers in the case as follow

lie detendant has several small children, a
sick husband and mother, She evidently did
not kuow she was violating the law, and be! 4
unable to furnish bonds and promising not to
sell liquor hereafter, 1 feel that it is a case re-
quiring clemency and discharge her.”

ele

 

Tablet at Yale to Gen, John Patterson.

New Haven, Conn., Aug. 171—A tablet was
placed in Battoll Chapel at Yale to-day t
commemorate the life of Gen. John Patterson
of Revolutionary fame, the man who wrote the
death sentencs of Major Andre. John Patter-

son graduated from Yale in 1762, The me-
mortal is the gift of George Washington Exeles
ton, & great-grandson of the man honored
Major-Gen, Patterson was born in 1744 and
Gied in 1808. He was elected a member of Con-
ress in 1779.

 

Roston'’s Tax Rate Highest Ever Known.

Boston, Aug. 17.—The tax rate for the year
was declared to-day. It 19 $14.70, and it fs the
highest ever declared by the assessors since te
city charter waa adopte|. The Democr
have been watching the ceclaration of this r
as they have said they would be able to tu
thecity over onit. Thefact thatitis $1.60 more
than last year has revived their hopes, and to-
day they say they will carry the election simply
on the business basis of the increase.

 
  

 

Eleventh Day of Intense Heat tn the South.

Cotvmata, 8. C., Aug. 17,—This was the
eleventh day of torrid heat here andthe elg)-
teenth since rain fell. The damage to the crops,
particularly cotton, is areat. The agcregnte of

| tuaximum temperature in the shade for eleven

days 1s 1,102 dewrees. The coolest day's max
mum wasds. Lheaverage mean daily tempers
ture has been 87, All previous records fall tar
below this,

 

   

mentionable disease,
this I attribute to the use of
pure state.

Nease (Qualified),

1s SIMPLY MARVELLOUS.

EVERY HOUSEHOLD ano TRAVELLING TRUNK oucHT To contain A BOTTLE oF

ENO’S ‘FRUIT SALT’

A Simple Remedy for Preventing & Curing by Natural Means

All Functional Derangements of the Liver, Temporary Congestion
arising from Alooholic Beverages, Errors in Diet,
Biliousness, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Vomiting, Heartburn,
Sourness of the Stomach, Constipation, Thirst, Skin Eruptions,
Boils, Feverish Cold, Influenza, Throat Affections, &Fevers of all kinds.

TESTIMONIAL.—'I have been a nurse for ten years, and have nursed cases
of scarlet fever, pyemia, erysipelas, Measles, gangrene, cancer, and almost every
a time I have not been {Il for a single day, and

ono’s ‘ Fruit Salt,’ which has kept my blood in o
I recommend it to all my patients during convalescence.
value as o means of health cannot be overestimated.”—A PRoresstoNaL

THE EFFECT oF ENO'S ‘FRUIT SALT’ on a DISORDERED, SLEEPLESS, ano FEVERISH CONDITION
IT 18, IN FACT, NATURE'S OWN REMEDY, ano AN UNSURPASSED ONE.

CAUTION, —-See capsule marked gwo's ‘ FRUIT SALT,’ Without it, you havea WORTHLESS |MITATION,

Prepared only by J. O. ENO, Ltd, ‘FRUIT SALT' WORKS LONDON, ENG. by J.C. BNO'S Patent,
Wholesale of Messrs B. FOUGBRA & CO, 9, 24 & ©, North William Street, New York.

  

    
     
   
   
   
     
     

Ite

      
     
     
       
     
 

‘oe
’

7 4
»

WV

7

4
ate
\ ,

“
4,