:
,
a

 

The

BATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1900.
—_— = So
Subsoriptions by Matl, Postpaid.

DAILY, pen Month. vrreer es eveeesemencector 0 50
DAILY, por Yeat..cccceccrercceecveereee a
/ BUNDAY, per Year......+ davayes
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Yea
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month
Postage \o foreign countries added
THe BUN, New York City, |

PaRis—Kiosque No 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines,

 

————

—

 

 

  

 

If our friends who favor us with manuseripte for i
publication wish fo have resected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stampa for that purpose.

—

China, ’

The moet exciting eplsode ever known
to civilization, the imprisonment, in danger
of death, of the European and American
Ambaasadors to China, hag closed, merci-
fully, with the Allies’ capture of Pekin and
the rescue of the Ambassadors,

It is to be hoped that diplomacy will reach
gome peaceful solution of the tangle of many
national interests and passions concerned in
the Chinese outrage, In directing the in-
fluence of the United States toward that end
it should be remembered that it {s more de-
@irable now to establish in China whatever
political situation may be most advan-
tageous to usin the future than to gratify
any momentary thirst for vengeance.

Fortunately the resolution shown by the
Administration throughout tho entire affair
will be astrong foundation for a moderate
course now.
Difference Between the Rebel and

the Slave.

  

 

 

 

The Democratio free silver candidate
for President, or, as he would have some
people look upon him, the anti-impertlalist
candidate for President, {s being whirled
off the ground of rational argument by the
MNlood of his own rhetorlo. This passage
of his anti-imperialist speech to his neigh-
bors of Lincoln on the night of Thursday
last shows that he 1s floating in an atmos-
phere of hallucination or worse:

. “The Repubitean party which was not willing that a
Diack man should be sold for $1,900 now claims that
@ Filipino can be bought for $2.50. The principle ts
@xactly the same”

Think of it! An American candidate
for President Iikening United States sov-
ereignty over inhabitants of United States
territory to the slave holder's title to the
enslaved negro! Either Bryan's words
are nonsense or the nation's power must
fall to pieces, If ita right to guppresa re-
bellion against its authority doubtful,
iteis without the first principle of self-
perpetuation.

We will meet Mr. Bryan on his own kin-
dergarten ground, though, and tell him that
there is no comparison between the negro
@ave, which the Republican party liberated,
and the Filipino, whose warfare against
the defenders of the Stars and Stripes in
the Philippines the Washington Adminis-
tration is conscientiously and unavoidably
laboring to suppress.

For example, the United States to-day
owns Mr. Bryan. That is, he must obey
the national law; and if he objects to it
and rebels agalnst it, he will, without his
consent, bé duly punished, If his animosity
leads him to take up arms, he will, if neces-
sary, be seriously hurt. And the same Is
true of the Filipinos.

Although A@urnaLpo and his men have
‘turned their arms against the American
forces, there 1s little material difference
between them and the Bryan men. The
Democratic candidate, for all his cloak of
fine phrases and garbled history, is preach-
ing sedition. He ts making an attack
upon the United States Government no less
vicious but far greater in scale than the
domestio riots which were championed
by the Chicago platform, and he should be
beaten by a more crushing majority than
that which beat him four years ago.

The Wonderful Development of West-
ern Australia,

Gold has been the basis of the remark-
able growth of Western Australia tn the
past few vears. Few countries have ever
had so large an expansion in population
and business interests in so short a time. |
No other gold fields, in recent years, haye
had so large a development except the
unequalled mines of the Witwatersrand
in the Transvaal, The modest beginning
of the gold industry was in 1886 when 302
ounces were produced, Twelve years later,
the gold output was 1,050,188 ounces and
Weatern Australia headed the list of gold
producers in Australasia. The figures for
1899 are not yet at hand, but for the first
nine months of the year the gold output
Was 1,100,000 ounces, valued at $22,000,000;
arfd in September the yield was 167,076
ounces, valued at $3,174,450, being $80,000
more than the best previous monthly record.
There has been no pause yet in the steady
growth of the industry. Western Ats-
tralia is now one of the largest gold pro-
ducers in the world.

Thus the Oolony, always poor and obscufe
till the last decade began, has suddenly
become a most prosperous field for mining,
agriculture and commerce, Energy, capi-
tal and skill find profitable employment
in a region whioh, twelve years ago, was
almost unknown. The Eldorado behind
the safdy, western coast was not discov-
ered till that late day because it was in the
midst of a Sahara. The treasure house
of the Colony was well guarded by thirst
and famine, evils that have now been over-
come by the railroacds that bind all the great
mining centres with the coast and carry
enormous quantities of stores and imple-
ments to the men at the front.

Western Australia bids fair to repeat
the history of California, where many thou-
sands of men who came to mine remained
to be farmers and stock-raisers, merchants
and crafiamen. The garden of the Colony
lies in its southwestern part and is larger
than the Colony of Victoria. Here wheat
flelds and pastoral areas are developing
as rapidly as the gold mines to supply the
incoming population with bread and meat.
Immense quantities of wheat and oats,
chaff and grain are also required for the
camels and other animals employed by the
scores of thousands in the barren mining
districts. The real agricultural develop-
ment of the COlony began only in 1805, and

four years later imports of chaff from
eastern Austrailia had ceased and the local |
supply of wheat and flour filled two-thirds |
of the requirements. The Minister for |
Lands predicted, last year, that by 1901 |
all the breadstu%s and fodder would be |
Produced at home. Fruit growing, dairy-
ing and hog raising are nearly keeping

pace with wheat culture; and the official
cre of the Colony assert that the |

endar years named:
$2,400,000, and 1899, $3,015,000. - The imports
of fruit from foreign countries,
Italy, Central America and the West Indies
have also been increasing of late years.

growth of agriculture in the past three
years, has been unequalled in the history
of Australia.

The census to be taken next year Is ex-
pected to show that the population 1s eight
to ten times as large as in 1891 when it num-
bered 49,782. There are no data from which
a satisfactory estimate of the present popu-
lation may be made, but the figures for
Perth in 1807 give some indication of the
great increase. In that year, the popu-
lation of the capital was 87,020, or nearly
three-fourths the total population of the |
Colony in 1801, In the past ten years,
many new towns have arisen, and there
are a number of incorporated cities that
had no place on the maps a decade ago.
In fact, there 1s some difficulty in keep-
ing the maps abreast with these stirring
days of development in Western Australia,
It is useless to search maps two years old
for many a place that now figures in the
news of the Colony; and the cartographers
are not keeping tp with the tracklayers
who are pushing railroads Into the desert,
up through the agricultural) zone and along
the west coast.

Western Australia is beooming one of the
lusti#st members of the British Colontal
Empire, Its future fortunes will be watched
with interest.

a —

The Glacial Perlod of the Democracy,

According to a Saratoga despatch, while
the Hon. Avovstvs Van Wyck “told an
Eagle correspondent that he had no
gubernatorial aspirations, there 1s little
doubt that he would be willing to lead the
Democratio hosts again next fall,”

If the Hon. Avaustvs Van Wyck is
willing, his willingness should be enoour-
aged. He should not be permitted to be
ao altruistic as to boom the Hon. Jonn B,
BTANCHYFIVLD or anybody else for Gov-
ernor, He should speak for himself,

The Democratio party is pledged to an
unceasing warfare against monopoly, There
could be no more beautiful evidence of
the sincerity of {ts rage against Trusts than
to make the Hon. Avoustvs Van Wyck
the Democratio candidate for Governor.

The Taste of American Fruit.

An observer was quoted in Tur Sun re-
cently as asking, “ What has become of the
fruit that had a taste?” and as advancing
the proposition that as the fruit stands
grow large and fine and the fruit offered
for sale more beautiful to the eye, its edible
quality becomes poorer and poorer, This
is the season for fruit, and though abundant
in quantity, attractive in appearance and |
reasonably cheap in price, the fruit offered
for salo in New York this year, though
wholesome, {is pronounced infefior in the
quality of taste. To the fruit of old it

SUEEIneeeeeereeeen
Se

is as insipid and dead as the new wife's

ple is to that which “ mother used to make,”

The reason for the depreciation in the
quality of fruit so liberally offered for sale
in New York this year is to be found, we
imagine, in the satiated palate of the com-
plainant or possibly in the extent of the for-
eign demand,
throw considerable light on the growth of the
fruit-exporting business. The chief market
for American fruits is England, but all
Continental countries, notably Germany and
France, demand considerable shipments,
Canned fruits are being shipped abroad
in larger amounts than heretofore, canned
fruits in which the excellence of mechanical
processes and the attributes of quantity
rather than quality count for theshipper.

Tho recent Treasury figures

These are the figures for the three pal-
1807, $1,600,000; 1898,

chiefly

Bad Gambling.
Sun, which has slunk

 

The Baltimore

from the support of honest money, pleads
that,” with a gold standard Senate to hold
a silver President and House in check,
free coinage is not a practical issue for the
time being.”
defence of other pendulums in politios

This is the wholly specious

who, having been for McKIn.ey four years
ago, have swung to Brran.

In the past there have been gamblers
{n stocks, in wheat and in cold oash eo daring
and big in their operations that they have
remained famous even after failure, All
these put together are not worth mentioning
in the same breath with those who would
stake the national honor, something price-
less and irrecoverable when lost, on the
strength of comforting political prophecy,
after the manner of the Baltimore Sun,
If Bryan should be elected the House
of Representatives would be his beyond a
reasonable doubt, and, practically, the
Senate likewise.

The national monetary standard is not
a thing to put in jeopardy because some
one predicts that a Bryan triumph can bo
60 regulated that it will be ineffective,

In our opinion the advice given to the ball
players by Mr. Jown B. Day, Inspector of
Umpires and Supervisor of Players in the
National League, is sound. Mr. Dar opposes
the formation of a ball players’ union. It {s
impossible to see how the requirements of sport
can be subordinated to union regulations. But
that is a question for the players to decide for
themselves, If they want to forma union, they
are at pérfect libarty to do so, and there is no
good reason to suppose that union ball, so far
a8 concerns its defects as a sport, would be
worse than the rowdyism which flourishes with
the consent and approval of the National
League. Mr. Day had better apply his energies
to eliminating that,

The shirt waist for man seers to have made
considerable progress. It has appeared in more
or less volume in almost every large city, A
church association In Tilinois announces a shirt-
waist party, shirt and belt de rigueur, coats and
suspenders barred. In Camden, N. J., it has
been « Mcially adopted as the police uniform in
hot weather. But the most serious obstacle in
its path it hws notyetreached. It is bound to
be very expensive. So long as it remains a shirt

the wash bill must be greatly increased. When a
garment thatcovers a man’s entire torso Is fully
exposed, it u.ust be made of some material tha

will not readily show dirt, like the stuffs that
make coats, or it will soon become unsightly.

Men who would wear less alothing will, we
fear, have to leave off their shirts and cut their
coats into round-about Jackets like boys-in-but-
tons, or wear the shirt and coat as they exist
to-day.

The oarrying out of the orders creating
“home battalions” in our army has caused a

good deat of injustice to many of the older |

soldiers, th us!) we are glad to note that it will
beremedi d General Order 153 of Aug. 21,
150, directed that the home battalions be made
up of '* * * enlisted men who Lave less than a
year to serve.’ This has caused in some cases

the transfer to these battalions of non-comnila-
sioned officers who have ser .ed many years and
have only afew months to serve before retire-

On transfer, these sergeants and cor-
porals have been reduced to privates, their
lone servic: and experience counting for
nothing. Adjutant-General CORBIN has inter-
fered in their behuil, finally, and informed

ment.

  

 

commanding oflicers that such old soldiers are |

worthy of all the favors the Government can
bestow, and that those who have been reduced
on tmnsfer are to be promoted as soon as
possible, so that they may retire with their
former grade, This is an act of simple justice,

If our Navy Department has its way the long-
standing proverb that sailors never know how
to swim will be put out of action, at least in
our navy. The Department has adopted anew
style of bathing trunk to be worn by sallormen
when bathing off their ships. They are required
to know how toswim, nowadats, and the bath-
ing trunk {s to help along the good work. Half
of the crew of a large American man-of-war

 
   
  

THE SUN, SATURDAY, A

vathing at once, all arrayed in uniform bathing |

suits, should be an inspiring eight, and power-
fully serve to demolish the above referred to
proverb. The issue of these suits should serve
also to prevent such a oontretemps as is re-
portedfrom Africa, where a guard was set to
prevent soldiers from bathing, Under the
threat to fire, a furious and naked man came
out of the water, demanding if the sentry could
not see that he was an oMcer, Such an un-
toward occurrence could not happen in our
service hereafter,

THE CRESCENT IN ALASKA.

Shall It Be a Diminishing Crescent?

To tae Eprror oy Taw Sctn—Sir; Among
my earliest geographical impressions, ac
quired more than fifty yeurs ugo, none is less
delible than that of the crescent in the boundary
between Russian and British America around
the head of Lynn Canal and the Chilkoot pasa,
impressfons continuously maintained and
deepened by every atlus- I have ever owned,
in which the cartographers have attempted
to delineate the unsurveyed boundary as de-
ecribed in the Treaty of 1825.

According to the treaty the eastern boundary
of Alaska is described as follows: “Commencing
at 64 degrees, 40 minutes, north latitude, as«
cending Portland channel to the mountains,
following their summits to the 1415t degree
west longitude, thence north on this line to the
Arctio Ocean.”

There 1s also a provision that the boundary
thal] not be less than thirty miles from the ocean
following the sinuosities of the coast.

The language employed in the treaty is sim-
ple, and such as would be least likely to create
trouble or misunderstanding, It starts on a
Given purullel of lutitude (54 degrees, 40 min-
utes) already well known, to cross the outlet
of Portland channel; from this parullel the
boundary should uscend the channel (a geo-
graphical feature not lable to chunge) to the
mountains—to the summits of the mountains,
following them to the 141st degree west long{tude
also a fixed and easily ascertainable line,

The mountains hud never been topogruphi-
cally surveyed, and how far they and their
summits were or might be from the sinuosities
of the coast no one knew; 60 the map-makers
drew their provisionul lines as nearly as couldbe
to represent the minimum of thirty miles from
the ocean, following the sinuositics of the coast;
und in so doing have uniformly produced three
woll-murked inward curves or crescents,

The first of these curves is at the inlet into
which the Taku River flows, in the vicinity of
Juneau City. The second is that which you
have delineated in your Issue of Aug. 6; the
great in-sweeping crescent around the nead
waters of Lynn Canal, carrying the boundary
line across the middle of Lake 1 inderman.
on the trail to Dawson City. The third Is the
sweep around Yakutat Bay, Just before reache
ing 141 degrees west longitude.

In spite of this consistent, undeviating recog-

nition that the “stnuosities of the coast” have
dominated every interpretation of the treaty
ever made or attempted, our Canadian neigli«
bors have raised two contentions: First, that
pete are no mountains to be found thirty miles
rom the coast; and, secondly, that the coast
line intended is not a continental line, hut a
sea-ling, far enough out to go thraugh the
most westerly point of all the outlying islands,
and that the absolute boundary must be arbi-
frarily rub thirty palles eastward of these out-
ying fragments of land

By this means they seok to break up the
continuity of the continental coast line, and
obtain an international boundary cutting
across one or more of these arms of the ocean,

led canals or channels, which penetrate the
continenta] area pry foles inland from the
outlying chains of islands.

Now, as to these contentlons, There i
nothing In the tresty Guaranteeing a chain o
mountains thirty miles from the voast. That
there mountains eaatward of the Alaskan
frontier sufliclently weil known, and the

eaning of the treaty is evident enough that

ortland channel should be followed inland
until the mountains were reaehed, and that
when reached their surnmmits should be followed
to the l4let degree west longitude.

A topographical survey would reveal the long-
{tudinal height of land all the way from 5+
degrees, 40 minutes, to the stralght-away line
to the Arctic at 141 degrees west longitude.

The purpose of the thirty-mile provision
seems ff be4 seoondary precaution against the

ity oft

 

poets’ he boundary at any point reach-
ng nearer than thirty mfles to the continental
coast Hine. If the mountains cannot be found

at thirty miles let the line up Portland channel
be projected or prodyced northeastward until
4 ulred “mountains” are found, whether

‘ ce be thi miles or three hundred
m

dt
from the coast line.
or to ve ty between Russta and Great
ritafn of 1825 the former claimed the hinter-
and of Alaska eastward of the Rocky Moun-
ns to the headwaters of the ce, Nelson

and Mack nzie rivers.

ed, and

hen these claliis were relinguts
an understanding expressed in the reaty of
ene

825, it seems sufficiently plain that the in
tion was to concede to Brest Britain the terrt-

f the Mackenzie ve pasta which would
cud the tributaries of the Athabasca and
reat Slave lakes, making the new boundaries

ajen the sunymits of the mountains that con-
atity watershed between the Pacific and
the Mackenzie basin.

The miasing mountains will not be dificult
to find, ones we get ret the false notion that
hey are necessarily to found thirty miles

‘om the goat, Go a little further east, to
the watersheds of the Ningunsaw, the Iskoot

the Stickine rivers, and we find the missing
A an divide, the summits of which we are
to follow to the latst degree west longitude,
By this reasonable interpretation of the treaty
we shall find that the Canadians are claimin
a considerable strip of territory eastward o
the map makers’ conventional line of thirty
miles east of the continental shore.

That the boundary is not neceseartly to ba
located just thirty mites from the eonat ja
evident from the following deseription of
Alaska, found {n the “Pncyclopmdia Britannica,”
1873:

Alaska comprises the whole of North America fro
141 degrees west longitude to the Behring Sea, ana
also numerous islands along the eoast and the
Aleutian Islands, which stretch eastward from the
extremity of the peninsula. From the matn portion of
the territory a narrow strip witha breadth of about
fifty miles, extends southeast along ths Pecific Coast
and terminates at the confines of British Columbia fa
54 degrees, 40 minutes,

lt will be noted that the above {« a British
authority and that it was written before Cana-
dian statesmen conceived the ambition of brow-
beat! our Uncle Samuel into moving his
boundary over into the ocean!

To_a dispassionate mind the language of
the Treaty of 1825 doesnot present serious
dificnities. Of course, both parties to the
treaty knew very well that no survey of the
country had vet been made, so as to permit of
A riore definite designation of the lower eastern
boundary; but language which. in 1895, was eat-
isfactory to both sides should not be contorted
in this generation to annul and reverse the plain
intent cf the framers of the treaty. To delimit
an ungurveyed boundary exact topographical
knowlhdge ia necessary. It is not enough to
send a band of roving surveyers into the wilder-
ness to run tentative om provisional lines The
terme of any truth-seeking modus vivendi
should inelude an immediate and thorough
topographical survey of the whole region
taking for a datum-line the Jevel of the sea at
54 dearees 40 minutes north latitude, at the
mouth of Portland channel. With a work of
this kind, as ably done as the topographical
survey by Verplanck Colvin of the Adiron-
dack wilderness of New York, for a basis, the
line of the mountain divide between the ter-
ritory whose waters runing the Pacific Ocean
and that whose watersaredrained through the
Mackenzie into the Aretic Ocean would be re-
venled to every eye, and this cause for irrita-
tion between fhis country and Canada would
be forever put to sleen,

: Gronae W. Dirmntinor.

New Yonrr, Ang, 16.

 

Ik,

TO THE EDITOR OF THtt SUN—Siry The use of
“tik'' in the sense of “sort” or “kind,” Uke the use
of “phenomenal” tn the sense of “extraordinary,” ts
becoming so common that something should be done
tostop it Wilinot THRESUN s edt! ¢ proper font
upon the meanings of the wori@as properly used to
the end that this abuse may cease?

- J. E. Piporon.

(Tie only correct meaning of “ilk,” which is
@ adjective, is “samo."' The phrase “of that
Uk'’ means of the estate of the same name.
For Instance, Kinlock of that tlk means K nloek
of Kinlock. To use it in the sense of “of the
same kind" is incorrect.)

gS

ee

   

UGUST 18, 1900.”

LATEST LESSONS IN ACTIO“,

Deductions From the British Army's Mxpert-
ences in the Boer War.

THE CHINESE SITUATION.

Official reports confirm the statements al-
ready received of the entry of the allies into
Pekin and the rescue of thé envoys, The! The first practical effect of the lessons of the
relief, however, was not effected without loss, | Boer war on British Army training has just ap-
as the Chinese appear to have made some re- | peared in a circular letter addressed by Sir
sistance. With this, the first phase of the troubles | Power Palmer, the acting Commander-in-Chief
is now ended and the second about to begin. | in India, to the commander of the four military
Apparently the allied forces will not retire divisions into which India is divided. Three
immediately from Pekin, as reénforcementa | Achemes for tactical training are proposed in
under the French General Frey are hurrying | the circular and the Lieutenant-Generals com-
up to the front. The next despatches will be | manding are left to make their choloe of these.
awaited with deep interest, as they will make | Recenteventsin South Africa have shown in
8 acguainted with much about which there | @ e®triking manner the value of cavalry ina
has been great uncertainty. reconnoissance on a broad front, the enormous

One thing, which indicates that the strain of | importance to columne of having the country
the situation in Pekin had been somewhat re- , thoroughly reconnoitred in advance, and the
lieved before the arrival of the allies, is the an- | disastrous resulta of troops coming usder
nouncement from Long Kong of the departure breech-loading fire where such reconnoissance
of Sir Robert Hart, Director of the Imperial | has not been thoroughly carried out. The in-
Customs, from Pekin with a Chinese escort, | telligent use of cavalry especially in reconnot-
It is not, however, stated what route he had | tring is, under present conditions, a more pro-
taken to reach the coast, ao that here again | nounced factor of success thanever. Where
there is uncertainty, The report that the Dow- | formerly troops could approach to within 1,000
ager Empross with a largo escort of Imperial | OF 1,200 yards of infantry fire and extricate
troops under 11 Ping fieng, according to one | themselves with trifling loss, this ie no longer
report, and Yuan Ki Shal, according to another, | Possible, and troops coming within 2,000 yards
had left Pekin with the intention of retiring to | Of Infantry must suffer heavily in any close
Hisi-an-fu, the capital of Shensi, {s of great formation.
interest and importance, It has for some The main lessons which Sir Power Palmer
time been expected that such a step would | thinks are to be drawn from the Boer war are
be taken, One of the objecta of the | Jalddown{n fourteen paragraphs which seem
80-culled Boxer movernent has been to get rid | important enough to reproduce. They are;
of the envoys, and us they would not leave Pekin First—The reat value of Intrenchments; the
of their own uccord, und their Governments | change tn their character, which will be introduced,
refused to give them Instructions to retire, the | and tn the accepted views as refards the position in

Chinese Court und Government have uccepted | Which they will be placed.
the ulternutive und, +o {tt is sald, have Second—The enormous distances up to 2,500 yards,

left there themselves, Should the re- | & Which long-range rifle fire can be used with effect,

port turn out to be true, the next ques- | *Ptclally against masses
tion thut urises {s whether they have left
any one in Pekin wuithorized to treat with the |
allies or whether the power recently conferred
on Li Hung Chang still holds4rood and will be
recognized by the ullied Governmenta, The
Situation would become exceedingly complli-

|
cuted should the Powera or some of them {insist
on regarding Pekin us still the cupitul notwith-
stunding the ubsence of the court, and refuse
to treat anywhere else, Hesl-an-fu, the capital
of Shensi is nearly seven hundred miles south- |

 

broader front than heretofore recognised owing to the
containing power of the magazine rifle and the great
im portance of this to the defence

part of the defence, so that a comparatively small
force can be rapidly moved to threatened poinw.
‘This necessitates high physical training or the use of
mounted Infantry when available.

Fifth—The impossibility of successfully carrying
out frontal attacks on anything like open ground un-
less the defenders have been drawn off or weakened by
flank attacks.

Stxth—The diMeulty of locating the enemy's fre and
Consequently of replying tot, due to long range and
smokeless powder, and the well-selected position of
intrenchments.

Seventh—The necessity of a longer preparatory artil-
lery fire, This is not always recognized in peace
Mancuvres; and that artillery fire is required at
much longer ranges than heretofore accepted.

Eighth—The great value of independent fire at all
ranges as compared with volleys, and the importance

weet of Pekin near the junction of the Hwei-ho
withthe Hoang-ho. With the primitive mode of
fravelling prevailing in China, euch a Journey
is @ matter of at leaet two months or more, and
during {t communication with the sovereign
and executive power would be practically sus-
pended, and when the court had established
tself at Hei-an-fu the distance would be a great
obstacle to satisfactory negotiation. There ia
one point worth noting in regard to this matter,
that fa the fact that from Tsi-nan, the capital
of Shantung in the German pphete of influ.
ence, Hsl-an-fu can be reached by the Hoang-
ho, a Journey of only about five hundred and

fifty miles,
he sudden fecal of the British troopa to | of individual marksmanship,
Shanchal after they ostensibly left for Wel- Ninth—The importance of Intrenchments in the of-

al-weil is a significant {ncident, It now re- | ¢enstve on positions won (¢ g., Splon Kop) ase base

mains to be seen whether other Powers will
for further advance.
genta fi ort
wean to. be Bg soviet o aoe Tenth—The great diMculty of reconnottring the
alone. The report of the landing of Russian | enemy's position before committing troops to the

troops in Corea, if true, {* also significant, taken

connection with the intended despatch of
apanese troops already spoken of, Pyong-
yoba, the point reported as oceupled, fs on
he road from Manchuria to Seoul a short dis-
tance north of the Taidong Liver, and about
half way between the Corean capftal and the
Manchurian frontier.

THE ANTARCTIC REGIONS.

attack, atfd consequently (given plenty of ammunl-
ton) the diMeculty of estimating the etrength of the
defence, as magazine rifles lead to overestimating the
number of defenders.
Eleventh—The great containing power of smal! rear-
guards, due to magazine rifles and long-range fra
Twelfth—The necessity of teaching oMcers and

 

to expose themselves as they do, especially on the

Dr. Frederick A. Cook of Brooklyn ts the | S*¥ line tn bill warfare

only man who has passed the long polar night
both fin the Arctic and Antarctic regions. All
who read his book, “Through the First Ant-
arctio Night,” (Doublelay & MoClure Com-
pany, New York, 1900) will have no doubt that
Dr. Cook believes the Arctio, as a winter resort,
has advantages over its southern counter-
part. The black polar nightin the realm either
of the northern or southern ice king is suffi-
clently disheartening and destructive of human
energy but, In Dr. Cook's opinion, the Arctio
has some redjeeming features. During his
winter in north Greenland he had the Eskimaux
to assist, instruct and amuse him and found
the penguins of the south a very sorry sub-
stitute for the simple, good-hearted natives
of the north. Then the clear and cold Green-
land weather was somewhat exhilarating even
in the darkness while the fogs of the south
brought by the wet, warm northerly winds
were most depressing in their effects upon the
health and spirits of the Belgica’s little company.

It is wall known that Dr. Cook was the surgeon
and anthropologist of the Belgian Antarctio
expedition which passed the season of 1898-99
in south polar waters. His book is a well writ-
ten and entertaining description of the novel
experiences of this expedition which was the
first to pass the polar night inthe Antarctic.
Though Dr. John Murray, one of the foremost
promoters of tho renewal of Antarctio enter-
prise, has humorously referred to the possi-
bility of finding in those mysterious regions
@ Princess of Antarctica or the remains of
paleolithio man, no one wil be surprised to
hear that Dr. Cook's duties e8 an anthropologist
were exoeodingly light during his sojourn
in the far south. He gives, however, one of
the most Interesting descriptions yet written
of the Ona Indians of Tierra del Fuego whom
he had an excellent opportunity to observe.
Some of the most striking photographs of the |
large number in this volume are of these most
southern residents of America He was also
the photographer of the expedition and no
camera ever rendered better geographical
service than that with which Dr. Cook caught
the manifold aspects of this almost unknown’;
partoftie world. The rugged coasts, moun-
tainsand glaciers of Graham Land, the cides
of penguins and cormorants and other types of
bird and sea life, the Antarctio pack in all ita
aspects and the characteristic forms of loebergs
dominating the expanse of frozen sea have
many illustrations.

The Belgica spent thirteen months froren
in the pack, drifting to and fro, but on the whole
in a westerly direction. Not a soul wished to
spend the ‘night in the ice, but the ehip had been
steered into it and was unable to get out until
late in the second summer of her imprison-
ment. It was not a pleasant situation, for
though the Belgica was not greatly damaged
by pressure she would have been crushed if
a field of ice two miles in diameter had pressed
upon her in the wrong situation. If a serious
accident had befallen there would have been
no escape for there are no Upernaviks or other
places of refuge as in the Arctic regtons.

The effects of the Antarctic night upon the
health of the men were eerious. They
suffered from anwinia in a more severe form
than Dr. Cook met in his Arctic experiences
or than is recorded in the literature of polar
exploration. Of the elghteen men on ship-
board one officer died and another barely es-
caped death. The men became pale, the heart

lery for learning to spare their horses as much as pos-

be led.

and following up successes; this was conspicuously
absent on the Boer side.

The general experience gained proves that
far from laying down any special system of
tactics for general use, itisabsolutely necessary
to adapt organization and tactics to those of
theenemy. Sir Power Palmer then makes a
reflection which any knowing the British Army
will appreciate. It ja that the responsible
authorities “‘are very prone to run into ex-
tremes and copy too servilely or change taotica
after each war, smallor great.”’ It would, he
says, be in the highest degree dangerous to
deduce any special system of infantry taotica
from the Boer war beyond the fact that looser
formations are imperative, and light infantry

the magazine rifle,
The rest of thecircular fs an enlargement on

that even the non-professional reader can un-
derstand them, while the professional reader

once. The admissions they tacitly make ate
practioally an acknowledgment of British de-

which would have been materially oomplete
had the Boers been in anything like equal num-
bers with the British, and been able to throw
large bodies of troops on the decimated and
broken British battalions in such affairs as
Colenso, &pion Kop, Vaal Krantz, Magersfon-
tein and elsewhere. But the most important
deduction fsin that paragraph in which the
value of individual marksmanship and inde-
pendent firing is dwelt upon. It may be eaid
tosum up the whole question. It ts on the
intelligence and training and physical condi-
tion of the individual soldier that the value of
an army depends. The British land and social
system, however, has so acted that the men,
with few exceptions, who were sent out to as-
sert British eupremaoy in South Africa were {n-
ferior in all these respects to their adversaries,
Hence the spectacle of 250,000 men being re-

who never at any time numbered more than
85,000 In the fleld.

Won His Ret,

From the Chicago Daily News,
In some manner the chéeky man gained ad-
mittance to the senior partner's private office
“Don't want any books, brooms or soap,”
said the senior partner, without looking up.
“Bir!” exclaimed the cheeky man, “I would
inform you that I am no pedier.”
“Then who ure you?”
“A sporting gentleman, sir."
“What business can you have with me?”
‘1 wish to make a bet.”
“Look here! J] am no—*
“Of course you are no gambler. This te a
tleman's bet. I bet you, sir, that
old up my thumb and after I lower {t you wil
leave the room.”
The senior purtner threw down his pen.
“Five dollars that I will not leave the room,”

.

 

Done!”

U « went

“Wait!” culled the senior m
easy that I would like to make it $10.

he cheeky man's thumb.
er, “this is so

action grew feeble and the stomach and other = Ur {*, ? pay) ="
organs were sliggish and refused to work. he cheeky man raised and lowered his

Tuere was difficulty of respiration if the
slightest exercise was taken. All these un-
favorable conditions disappeared when the
surnmer day Jairly returned.

While in the ice pack the ,Belgica’s position
was between 70 degrees and 71 degrees 36
minutes south latituae, The mean temperatures,
both for summer and winter, were considerably
lower than at the north end of Spitzbergen
which is nine degrees nearer the pole, he
scientific staf could explain this low tempera-

thumb,

“You don't see me leaving the room,” said
the senior partner,

“No,” admitted the cheeky man,

The senior partner labored with his pen for
thirty minutes.

“I’m. still here,”

“ko I see.”

Fifteen miputes ppeced.

“You'd Just as well pass over the $20."

“It is early yet.”

ture only by the absence of land toward the ‘Ten more minutes skipped merrily.

north and the probable proximity of an Ant- “Look here'" said the senior partner, sud-
arctic continent enturely covered with ice, | denly, “when is the time up?

fivery time the wind blew from the north the “There is no time limit, sir, If yoy remain
temperature rose to zero even in midwinter; | in this room the money { yours; when you
but as soon as the wind shifted and blew from | leave I win, This evening, to-morrow, next
the south, the thermometer descended ab- | Week; it makes no difference to me.

Then the senior partner gave in. “Take
the money'” he roared, “but if it waan't for
catching the Ouk Purk train I would stick you
out and win.”

ruptly, even in midsummer, to a very low
temperature,

The scientific results, summarized in ap-
pendices, are very sensibly presented in a man-
her to interest and inform the geperal pubiio
for whom this nandsome volume, from end to

 

T. ©, Brophy Not a Social Democrat.

end, is intended. Dr. Cook does not agree
with the prevailing opinion that there are no Mr. Thomas C. Brophy, who was the Soctalist
commercial rewards of polar enterprise com- | Lapor candidate for Governor of Massachusetts in

mensurate with the cost. He saya there are
oil seals, penguins and whales in abundance,
There is no reason why profitable fisheries
should not be carried on as off the coasta of
Labrador and (Greenland, Penguins are
niready being taken at the Falkland Islands
for their oi). There are countless millions of
them further south. Finback and bottle nose
whales were seen in great numbers, Their
oil ls somewhat inferior but the hunt for similar
whales in Norway has given profitable employ-
ment to thousands of men in the past ten years,
Tt will not pay, however. to fit out whaling and
poaree expeditions in Europe and North Amere
iea for so distant a hunting ground. These
industries may he made succesatul only by
establishing permanent bases either in the
Antarctic or on snb-antarctio islands or in the
southern parts of South America or Australia,

1496 and 1497, writes to THE SUN correcting a
Statement im a despateh from Boston, on ‘Who
was the first Soctalist elected to office,” in which Mr,
Brophy ts nade to appear as & member of the Social
Democratic party. He deciares that helsinno way
connected with that organization and was opposed to
ts formation three years ago.

 

A Level-Headed Centenarian,
From the Chicago Inter Ocean.

MOUNT VERNON, Ill, Aug. '5.—Daniel Crabtree,
aged 100 years, the oldest man in Jefferson county,
and who bas voted the Democratic ticket for many
years, announces that be will support McKinley and
Roosevelt this year,

(apeneueneneeteee teenie

  

‘Third—The power of acting on the defensiveon 6

Fourth—The importance of great mobility on the

non-commissioned officers the value of cover, and not
Thirteenth—The necessity in the cavalry and artil-
sible; this is especially applicable to cavalry at man-

q@uvres, when every man should dismount, if halted
foreven afew minutes; and occasionally horses should

Fourteenth—That no real suecess, but only tempo-
tary checks, can be obtained without counter-attacks

and skirmishing training a sinequa non against

the points enumerated, which are so succinct

will seize their meaning and elgnificance at

feat fromthe technioal point of view, a defeat

quired to overcome the resistance of an enemy

BRIBRWOOD COMES FROM ITALY vow.
It Grows and
bria Is Where Mest of
_ Leghorn Is the Contre of tho Trade.
From the London Times.

The wood from which brier pipes are made
{s not the root of the brier rose, but the root of
the large heath known in botany as the Erica
arborea Our “brier” is but a corruption of
the French bruyére—broom or heath. The
brier-root jodustry has had a somewhat curious
history. First begun in the Pyrenees some
fifty years ago, it travelled along the French
Riviera and the Ligurian coast, taking Corsica
by the way, to the Tuscan Maremma, and it has
now reached Calabria in the south, which is at
present its most flourishing centre. Naturally,
when a district has been exhausted of all its
root the Industry must come to aa end there,
and the opinion has been expressed that the
Italian branch of it cannot last much more than
another ten years, Leghorn has always been
the centre of the export of Tuscan brier root
eince the Maremma industry came into exist-
ence, but, as the south Italian brier is of superior
quality, a large quantity of the Calabrian root
1s also imported into Leghorn far eeleotion and
subsequent export. The total export from
Leghorn {is estimated at 60,000 hundred welgnt
in the year, valued at about $140,000.

Fully half the export is Calabrian root. All
the root that arrives in Leghorn has already
been cut on the spot into the ahape in which
itis exported to the ipe-manufacturing centres,
which are principally, as regards Italian brier,
St. Cloud, in France, Nuremburg in Bavaria
and various towns In Rhenish Prussia anc

uringla. The roots, when are sometimes

of a circumference of two feet or more, are cut
oh and then bolled. If there is any
defect in the root whidh has not been discovered
before the poling, process blocks will split

sooner or later. r-root blocks are cut into
about twenty-five different sizes ‘and three

 

ri
The shapes are

shapes. arsell-

CPE a ad “Belgian.” The first two
are more usual shapes; from the first

cut ordinary brier pipes, which save Dow

ort intera ‘chats for fanging pines, and. Bele

t 2 0 n, °

gan” blocks, . or which there fs but small de-

and shaped to fashion into pipes which
ave bow! cadets at an obtuse Enele. tthe
ralnimum size of “Marsel laise” blocks is about

in long, 2 inches thick and 14 inches

road,
he Calabrian blocks, selected at Legh
an Suported thence, seem to be in favor wit

the tr as they remain so long on the dealer's
hands that they would be ,08t certain to
aplit before export if they were defective.

Ak horn dealer who does his own cutting
n afabria has first to send the roo OF wago
to his workshops, where they are led ani
t, thence again by wagon to the mencons’,
where they are pla in ngatere or shipmen
to Ieahorn. At Leghorn are once more
transferred to lighters and more in ore or
transport to the warehouses, whero they are
unpacked for selection. they are then re-
acked in bales and carted to the goods station
for conveyance abroad. Hence a considerable

| must elapse before they leave hands
a merchant who does his own cutting in
of blocks

°
Calabria. considerable number

is sent to the Un ted States, ut, apparently,
none whatever to the United Kingdom.

 

As She Was Spelled tn Boston,

From the Boston Evening Transcript.

“Every Destenten whe went wo Perla thie
summer," remarked a gentleman who had Jus
returned from there, 10s not satisfied ened he

done one thing.”

“What wa« that?’ was the query.

“Inspected the inodel of Greater Boston,
which was made here and sent on with so muc
care. Ifa little more care had been exercise
fn the inscription marked upon thie would have
reflected greater credit upon the Athens o
America. Imagine my surprise when I rea

° era hical mode! of the Boston metropo!!l-
tan’ atrict, hor gontal scale 1; 14,000, virtical
scale, 1; "That ‘virtical’ loomed up as {m-

1 Tower, but I thought that

t was only a single slip and so I went around

© the next side to find the location of my house,

t was there and with {itanother ‘virtical.’ In

ghors, the error was repeated four times in
right, gilded letters.”

 

Porto Rico and Hawall.

Porto Rioo and the Hawalian Islands afford some
interesting analogies and contrasis. In area Porto
Rico fs Just about one-half as large as Hawaii, but
has about nine times as many Inhabitants.

Both regions lie under the northeast trade winds,

which bring them abundant rainfall and so modify

the climate that Porto Rico {s the most healthful
{sland In the West Indies, while the mean, annual
temperature of Hawaii is 10 degrees cooler than that
of any other !and in the same latitude.

Both countries have mountains, which condense the
moisture-laden trade winds, with the result that the
northern, and particularly the northe

there are regions sou'h of the mountains where the

rainfall {s comparatively small, Thus the annual
rainfall in the northeast of the Island of Hawaii ts

about ten times as great as it is south of the big
voloanoes, and there are some areas in the southern

parts of other islands in this group that have
only fifteen totwenty inches of rain tn a year. So
much of the precipitation is arrested by the Porto

Rican Mountains that the north side {ts called the
talny partand the south side the arid part of the
island, though, judged by our standards, the south
side is well watered; but some tropical crops there
cannot live unless constantly watered and they
require irrigation.

In the Hawafian group the percentage of flliteracy
fs small. About 80 per cent. of the native Hawallane
oan read and write, and also about 00 per cent of the
white races, except the Portuguese, and about{50 per
ont of the Japanese and Chinese. In Porto Rico
the percentage of {lliteracy is very large, as com-
paratively few of the farming class, which forms
most of the population, can read and write.

While the population of Porto Rieo ts about nine
times as Creat as thatof the Hawalian Islands, its sea
trade ts very much smaller. The reason for this ts
that 4 vast number of the small farmers of Porto Rico
raise little or nothing for export and buy very little,
while raw sugar, the greatest staple of Hawall, is
Practically all exported and the country buysa great
deal of machinery, dry goods, clothing, groceries and
Provisions, fertilizers and other articles. Thus it
happens that the total export and import trade of the
Hawallan group in 1809 was over $41,600,000;
while the total sea trade of Porto Ricoin the year and
nine months since it came under American control
has been a little less than $30,000,000, But the
island fs recovering from the unsettled condition
which war produced and its commercial growth ts
€ratifying.

 

Food Supply of the United Kingdom.

From the Geographical Journal.

A careful study of the question of the food supply
of the United Kingdom, leading to results somewhat
@t variance with ideas enteriained on the subject in
some quarters, is contributed to the Journal of the
Royal Agricultural Society (March $1, 1900) by Mr.
R. F. Crawford. The writer begins by estimating the
amounts produced at home and imported from abroad
of the four fundamental articles of food—wheat, meat,
potatoes and milk—for all these must, he holds, be
considered in the study of the problem,

The results obtained show that the home contribution
fs, in the case of wheat, less than 25 percent of the
whole consumption; of meat, as regards which the state
of things le much more satisfactory, about 62 per cent;
of milk (including butter and cheese), about 55 per
eent; and of potatoes, practically the whole. But
even these figures are too favorable, for the live stock
raised in this country has largely to depend on food-
stuffs grown abroad. In view of the diMoulty of ob-
taining the value of these in their converted form, Mr.
Crawford attempts to calculate the acreage that would
be necessary to produce an equal amount of such
food-siuffs at home, finally adding this to the area
required to produce an eqivalent of the imported sup-
plies of wheat. meatand milk, The total number of
acres #0 obtained is 22,099,000, this being considered
a distinctly moderate estimate, Therefore, as the
area now under crops and grass {8 47,800,000 acres, it
fa clear that we could not, as has been thought pos-
sible by some, add to our productive surface anything
approaching the area represented by the imports of
wheat, meatand milk, On the other hand, the law
of diminishing returns precludes the possibility of any
large increase of productivity through radical chan ges
in methods of farming, &c.
~At the end of his paper Mr. Crawford compares the
state of agriculture in the Untied Kingdom with that
prevailing In Belgium, Germany and France, show-
ing that there is no foundation for the idea that the
first named is able nearly to feed her people from her

OWN soll; and that. Judged from the standpoint of pro-
ductivily, the system of farming in this country ts, if
anything, ren {>that of belgium and far ahead
of thoee of France and Germany, This holds good
both in respect of the acreage required to feed a
nu@ber of persons, and silll more tn respect o
amount produced per agriculiural worker.

liven
the

Wants to Hear From Kentacky, Arkansas and
Oklahoma,

TOTHE EDITOR OF THR SUN—Sir: You have

published ''A Miasourtan's Tribute to Water.” Now.

‘s hear what Kentucky bas to say aboutit! Make
ita round robin and bring in Arkansas and Okla
on e too, If possible =A iribute to water would cer
talniy be incomplete without a word from each of
these great water-consuming centres,

WILL S GI .
BROOMFIELD, Mass, Aug. 16. Cerne. 9

 

tern parts of
all the islands have enormous precipitation, while

  
  
   

 

Plans for the Winter Term—New Instructors
and New Classes.

The Art Students’ League of New York wi!
reopen its schools for the winter term of 1900-
1901 in the Americun Fine Arts Building at
216 West Fifty-seventh street Oot. 1. The
prospectus, which will be issued next week,
shows that « number of changes have been
made in the teaching stuff and thut it ts pro-
posed to try and give instruction in new and
special lines of work during the seuson, There
will be six sessions daily of the life classes for
puinting and drawing, three for men and

hree for women, Siddons Mowbruy, N.
‘ » und George be Forest Brush N. A, bave
Sibel todesed be to the league ua tn-
structors qnd will have oharge of the men's
morning class and the men’s evening o

reapectiyely, ther instructors in this brane
will be Josaph DeCamp and Kenyon Vox, Ths
in nting from the costumed model

d head will remain in charge of Joseph
Becamp. Kenyon Cox, 4, Twachtman

d Bryson Burroughs ive instruction

the day antique © and Mr. Twachtnan

the afternoon lane
t

 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
   
   
 
 
    
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   
   
  
  

will also have charge 0
n still life painting, Other clusses and
tructors Will be us follows; Antique paint
evening, George De Forest Brush and
WwW St. $Harper: ustration und costume,
evening, William St. J. Harper; sculpture,
orning, afternoon and evening, George Grey
‘ar! Bitter, director of, Sculpture
at the wlo =©6.: Pan-American — Exposition;
Charles R. Lamb, urchitect of the Dewey arc
d other members of the National Sculpt
Sootety, constituting an advisory opmmittes
are to cotoerute with the league in {ts efforts
to muke this department of the school of im-
mediate practical benefit to a large cluss
young sculptors who find employment
chitectur: industrial and ornume
ranches of the urt, Illustration und 6
claases will be instructed by B, West Clined
and William T, Evans. Classes in composition
will be in charge of Ar ur W. Dow an Ropers
Blum, N. A., and the latter will ulso oondu
in architecture “ rela
perspective and ornamen

 

Army War Pay.

The Acting Comptroller of the Treasury hag
decided, in reply to a question from the Adja.
tant-General, that officers and enlisted menef
the present “Volunteer army,” will not be en-
titled to the two months’ extra pay allowed fn
January, 1899, to those persons who volunteered
in the Spanish war. His reason tis that the acs
of Jan. 12, 1899, gave this gratulty to Volunteers
after the service for which they entered the
army had been completed, with a very few ex-
ceptions. The present “Volunteers” have not
finished their work, so that there fa “no intelli-
gent basis as to what extra pay Congress may
deem appropriate to them on muster-outand
discharge."” The two armies, the army of 1808
and the "Volunteer army” of to-day, are essen-
tially different in character. The present ‘'Vol-
unteers” are really short-term Regulara, and
should not recelve more favors than the Regu-
lars. The {act that our armv fs limited in num-
bers, and that we have no provision of ay for

ncreasing it temporarily, or for giving an officer

ooal or temporary rank higher than that he
olds, compels us to adopt the roundabout ex-
dient of creating a ‘ Volunteer” ariny, witha
imited existence This does not rarrent the
towal of extra pay to persons enlisted [n the

‘Volunteer ie “eee the real a gota

tesbare too. The enlisted men of bot cu-

r and ‘Volunteer’ armies are getting ‘war

yv'' now, 20 per oent, more than —s pay,
Re are also doing a lotof hard and good
work, If there {s to be any gratuity—the Acting
Comptrolige hints pointedly that an act to be
stow it isin order—it should go to the Regular
as well as to the “Volunteer.”

The Notses,

To THE Eprror oF Tue SUN—Sir: 1, too, re
side in Harlem in 114th street West At this moment
(6 P, M.), one fellow ts yelling in a most ear-eplitting
voloe,  Peechus,”” and Bis small boy is screaming
also, ‘Peechas;" another fellow, trying to drown
the others, is yelling, “Meellins,” and still another
bawling ‘'Bennanas,"’ while a hand organ ts giving
usa heavy supply of street and dancing ball tunes
and some forty-odd boys and firls are yelling to the
top of their lungs or throats al) sorts of cries.

Not @ policeman {9 ever in evidence and for a
privite citizen to interfere means for him insults.

It is a little too early for the boys with the “
Dlowers * to cover the window ailia, buildings an
Walks with ‘putty balla,” but they will be along be-
tween 7 and & o'clock.

Boys and girls make the evenings unbearable here
tll nearly half past 10.

This isa true picture of the block from Eighth to
Seventh avenue and some one Is remiss in hig

duty.

Jiust why forty or afte ehildren, who sbould be tn
bed, are permitted to disturb the peace seven evenings
every week is a great mystery to

ANOTHER OITIZE.

 

 

Stephen Roper and the Engineers.

To THE EpIToR OF TAR SUN—Gérr In the
Sunday SUN of Aug. 12 there appeared an account
of Stephen Roper's misfortunes Among the state-

ments made one says “that years ago he organised
the National Association of Steam Ep end ter
that reason seldom felled to id Beads Pe a
elation meant wasthe National Association of
tionary Engineers, a4 on previous oogasions
ments of par charactor have nm put wes
behalf of Mr. per, Mr. “a never
prominently identified with the above-me
assodation, and the innumerable instances w
he has been assisted by members of that aeneeer es
was due to his pitiable appearance rajber than any
feeling of obligation, Je W. LANE, JR.
New YORK, Aug. 16,

 

Jewish Ancestry of Roosevelt,
From the Washington Poat.

EDITOR Post: I take great pride in supplying you
with some information concerning the great View
Presidential candidate on the Republican ticket
Theodore Roosevelt,

For the first time in the history of this great
country a man of Jewish biood has been chosen to
fillthe second bighest placeinthe nation, and all
Jewish-Americans should rejoloe at this great com-
plument to their race. Theédor Rooafeldt—not
Roosevelt—ts descended from the old Jewish families
of Holland and England, some of whom, being poor
and oppressed, came to America several generations
ago.

I myself am descended from the old stock, and,of
course, related, though distantly, to Theodore Roose-
velt, Governor of New York and Vice-Presidentia)
candidate.

** Blood ts thicker than water,”* and I feel sure that
the Jewish-Americans will be proud to stand by this
distinguished representative of our race, regardless
of polition! attachments or differences itn religion
—whetber orthodox or reformed.

ABRAM ROOSFELDT
The Best Polo Players.
From Baliey's Magasine,

Mr. W. S. Buckmaster is acknowledged throughout
the sporting world to be the finest player on any palo
round at the present day.

Mr. Foxhall Keene ie by common consent the finest
Player America bas sent us.

 

Foreign Notes of Real Interest.

Field Marshal Von Blumenthal, “Coser Frits’
chief of staff during the Franco Prussian war, bas
Just celebrated bis ninetleth birthday, and is sald to
be sound In mind and body. He lives on a litle coun-
try estate near Dessau in Anbalt With the excep-
tion of the King of Saxony, he is the only promineng
commander in the war with France still alive

A religious ceremony, incomprehensible to temper-
Alice people, took place recently at Fécamp in Nor-
mandy, when the Archbishop of Rouen blessed the
new vistillery buildings of the monastery where the
Bénédictine liqueur !s made. The cordial had been
manufaetured for two centuries when the Freneb
Revolution broke out and the Bénédictine monastery
was destroyed. The recipe was saved by a family
named Le Grand, and restored to the monks in 1863.
A bronze statue to the Le Grand who revived the tn-
dustry was unvelled before the benediction of the
buildings.

Sir Walter George Barttelot, Bart., who was a Cap-
tain im the volunteer battalion of the Royal Sussex
Regiment, was killed at Retiefs Nek. His only
brother was Major Edmund Barttelot, whose mis-

management while in command of the rear Guard of

Staniey’s Emin Pasha relief expedition in 1845 was

the cause of the horrors of the starvation camp on

the Aruwimi and bis own death at the bands of the
natives. Afterthe publication of Stanley's book Sir

Walter made strong efforts to rehabilitate bis brother's

reputation Ile was 45 years of age and leaves a sou

to suceted him.
Mr. RE. Fosterof Oxford University scored 100
orover in both innings of the recent cricket match
; beiween Gentlemen and Players, being the first time
that the feat bas been accomplished in that match.
He had previously scored two centuries In one
match this year, and the repetition of the featin one
year in first-class cricket isa record for England.
Last year he also made tro centuries in successive
innings—so that at 22 and in two years’ play he has
three double centuries to bis credit, @ record ap-
proached ouly by Dr. W. G. Grace, who hae also
made centuries tn both innings three times, but in
| ericket career covering twenty yeara There are three

Foster brothers now who are first-class erioket

players, and they are compared to the three @enees of

twenty yeazs'aga

 

  
     
      

Te

(4