dTA

Wo

vib

=

tts

a2

  
 

STOPS BRIDGE CONTRACT,

COMMISSIONERS ENJOINED FROM MAK-
ING AWARD,

MARRIED BY MAYOR FISKE.

Miss Palston and A. T. Reagan of San Fran-
cleco Are Wed in Mount Vernon City Hall,
Mount Vernon, N. Y¥., Aug. 17.—Mayor

Edwin W. Fiske married a couple in the City

Hall last night. They said they were Miss

Agella Ralston, 20 years old, and Alfred T.

Reagan, 22 yearsold, both of San Francisco.

The couple it is said, came from a hotel in New

York, where Mrs. Reagan's parents have been

stopping since they returned with her from

Europe on the Deutschland last Tuesday.

She is the daughter of J B. Ralston, who is a

member of the Union Iron Company, of San

Francisco, the concern which built the battle-

ship Oregon. Mr, Reagan is a member of

a&wealthy Catholic family of San Francisco
and was recently graduated from Notre Dame

University in Indiana,

Mr. Reagan met his wife about two years ago.
She ts a Protestant and her parents were op-
posed to the match, it is said, and did every-
thing in their power to persuade thelr daughter
to break the engagement. This she refused

 

 

Taxpayer Alleges That Terms of the Contract
Yor Approaches of the New East River
Hridge Are lilegal—Order Retarna le Thare-

day ~ Grounds on Which It Was Granted,

 

\n order to show caure why they should
not advertise for a new lot of bida for contracts
fo construct the approaches to the new East
‘iver Bridge, and restraining them, tempor-
arily, from awarding the work to any of the
seven contractors whose bids have been received
was served ou the East River Bridge Commis-
sioners and acting Mayor Guggenhelmer yes-
terday. Ihe order was issued by Justice Fitz-
gerald and is returnable next Thursday, It
was obtained by Keltoga & Rose of 120 Broad-
way, in behalf of & client, Julius Meyers, Mr,
Meyers, a8 & Caxpayer, declared in his appli-
cation for tae order that he’and all other tax-
payers of the city would be injured by the

award of the contract under existing condl- ~ do, d, a8 a ant resort, it is sald, they took
tions, because It was fraudulent and called bt ie pe. ; some Manes Reagan nae

. nform: of the fam y's movement, it is
for @ greater expenditure for the work than sald, and when they arrived in New York last
wag necessary. Tuesday he was hurrying across the continent

to meet hia intended bride. Upon his ar-
rival he came to Mount Vernon to see William
A. Walsh, who is employed in the office of the
Corporation Counsel. Walsh and Reagan had
been classmates at Notre Dame

When Reagan left Mount Vernon yesterday
the arrangements had been made for the mare
riage. Last night Miss Ralston met her flancé
in the parlor of the hotel and they hurried awa
to the Grand Centra] station where they too
the 7 o'clock train for this city. When they
arrived atthe City Hall there were several
Aldermen sitting around in the Mayor's office
amoking cigars, but they retired to another
room. Mayor Fiske performed the ceremony
in the presence of Mr. Walsh and Assistant
Corporation Counsel Conklin. Shortly after
ward the couple returned to New York. It was
thelr plan to go direct to the hotel and break
the news of the marriage to Mr. and Mrs, Ral-
ston.

WHY THE SCHOONER WENT DOWN.

‘here are three things complained of. In
the first place it is alleged the contract provides
enat the successful bidder shall comply with

w labor law and pay the prevailing rate of
wages to his workmen, This ts illegal, the com-
jdaint says, because it places the contractor
os the mercy of the labor unions and prevents
hin from securing labor in a free market where

ue prive ls fixed by supply and demand, and
‘yerefore the contractor, to protect hinwelf,
uiust Charge the city more for the work than
hy would if permitted to hire labor without
restriction. Mr. Rose, in explaining the appli-
vation for an injunction, sald the question of
rhe constitutionality of the labor law was still

ing
1e second point complained of is that tn
the advertisement for bids it was specified
that the steel to be used in the approaches
shall contain, not to exceed, .06 of 1 per cent.
of sphorus, 04 of 1 per cent. of sulhpur,
© of | per cent, of manganese and .35 of 1 per

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

ent, of silleon, Steel of this qumy, it is al | Bridge Tender Refused to Open the Draw
joged by the plaintiff, is made by @ secret for- Because a Train Was Nearly Due.

mula and cao only be produced by one com-

the Carbon Steel Company, 80 that the Through obedience to orders by adrawbridge

 

pany,
contractor who had the work must buy, hie tender of the Long Island Railroad Thursday
{of that company and no other, ere

 

wt
are many other grades of steel, it is alleged,
which cost less and are equally good for the
Aypose
' the provision made by the commissioners
that uo bid will be received from any contractor
who has not been engaged in bridge work
for at least @ year is also objected to as re-
stricting competition,

Assistant Corporation Counsel Rill, to whom
the matter Was referred by acting Mayor Gug-
genteimer, said that in his opinion the purpose

the fine three-masted schooner Harry W. Shep-
herd, Capt. Noah Creamer, from Barnegat,
N. J., lies at the bottom of Flushing Creek,
near Jones's dook, Flushing.

The Shepherd, in tow of the tug C. F. Roa,
was coming up the creek on a strong flood
tide and had passed safely through the draw
of the Broadway bridge when the tug captain
blew his whistle for the Bridge street draw

of the proceeding was to test the legality of | ofthe railroad. Bridge Tender John T. Powers
A ce" e-of-wages provision of the | 1, has been on duty there for only a week,
Smith B. Lana, the only member of the East | knowing that a train was nearly due, glanced

Miver Pridge Commission who was personally
served with a copy of the order yesterday,
gald that the proceeding had probably been
Inatignted by some disappoin contractor
and that Mr. Meyers waa only the nominal
plaintiff. “The same attempt to block the
work was made two years o,” said Com-
missioner Lane, “when we awarded the contract
for the steel towers. In our advertisement
for bids for contracts to do that pert of the
work there was a specificatfon aa to the steel
to be used exoctly «imilar to that which is now
complained of, That was objected to then
but the Court upheld us and said that we had
the right to determine the quality of the material
to be used in the strueture, I don’t know who
is behind this latest injunction.”

Mr. Rose said that the word “fraud” was
vsed merely in ita technical legal sense and was
not intended to imply that the Bridge Com-
nitssioners, individually or asa y, were en-
«aed in any Jobbing at the expense of the we

A member of the firm of Terry & Tench,
the contractors who are putting up the bridge
towers, said that the allegation that the Carbon
Steel Company was the only concern that could
furnish the required material was nonsense,
“The steel for the tower which my firm is erect-
ing,” added the contractor, “is all furnished
to us by the New Jersey Steel and Iron Com-
pany, but @ part of it comes from the Carbon
company, part from other companies and part
fs made by the New Jersey company iteelf
Some contractor is merely trying to make
trouble.”

The yeven contractors whose bids have been
received, with the amounts of their bids for
both approaches, are

at his watoh and found that only six mtnutes
remained before the train would be on the

bridge. A atrict rule of the company says
that the drawbridge must not be opened within
ten minutes of the arrival of any train.

Powers decided to obey rules. Meanwhile,
the two boats came on rapidly. Capt. Creamer
of the schooner stood on a pile of lumber on
the forward deck of the schooner and seein
that the draw would not be opened ordere
the starboard anchor to ba dropped. The
order was obeyed, but the anchor failed to hold
in the soft mud and the tug and schooner drifted
rapidly down ppos the railroad trestle.

he channel la protected by a series of short
piles and the tug was forced up against the piles,
while the longa bowsprit of the schooner Re
ected clear across the railroad track he
rain about due was just leaving the Bridge
street atation when the bridge tender threw
the danger signal, which stopped the train
wenta a few feet of the draw

Ine of the fender piles plereed the schooner's
bottom and she began tq fill. The schooner
was backed off far enough to allow the train
to proceed, after which the draw was opened
and the tue towed the sinking schooner up to
Jones's pier, where she sank. She carries a
cat to of yellow pine lumber, the damage to
which will not amount to more thana few hun-
dred dollars

FOUND OLD COIN IN A VAULT.

Workmen Discover Stacked Up Money While
Excavating for a Schoolhouse,

 

a Manhattan Brooklyn Boston, Aug. 17.—Workmen who are exca-
shen’ ten s aouh approach | vating for anew public school building at the
Uydraulle Construction Co.... 1,898,000 954,000 | corners of Pearl, Bartlett and School streets,
King Hrid@eco...... 1,440,000 ¥60,000 , .

Ue Meet and thon Go * 3°400,000 1,000°000 Charlestown, unearthed an old brick vault
Pennsylvania Steel Co 4,464,000 947.000 | many feet below the surface yesterday and
M J. Dady “ee . 1,678,090 1,119,600 spies i tie
American Brides 06........., VebDeed 1 11R0000 found a lot of corroded American and unidenti

fled coin stacked up in little piles. Most of the
money was American silver dollars of an un-
known date. The workmen have been selling
thern for $5 each and are believed to have reaped
quite a little profit as the result of the discovery
The vault was struck six feet below the surface,
and the foreman ordered his men to pick holes
through the sides so that the derrick might hoist
it out bodily. In doing this the coins were dia-
covered stacked up after the manner cashiers
have a way of doing where changes is to be made

nickly Most of the coins conld not be identi-

ed at first on account of thick corrosion, but
a few in the middie of the piles were clean
enough to show the dates The workmen
quickly took possession of them, and as there
were a great inany employed there, it ls impos-

 

JAST OF THE PONKAPOAG INDIANS,

Death of Lemuel D. Burr, for Many Years a
Beneficiary of Massachusetts,

Boston, Aug. 17.—Lemuol D. Burr, the last
of the Ponkapoag Indians dependent upon the
bounty of the State of Massachusetts, died at
his humble home in Cambridgeport on Wednes-
day of old age. He was the last of a race of
natives that once controlled and lived upon
Immense tracts of land skirting the colonial
town of Boston, the headquarters of the tribe
being among the Blue Hills near the sheet of

water known as Ponkapoag Pond. Mr. Bure | gible to say just how poany were found, pus the
was oO mare . ° feremancanaccountfor seventy aliver dollars.
ss born 1 years ago, when only a The contractor took one of the coing to @

doven or so of the forlorn tribe remained. His
mother was a full-blooded Indian known as
‘Laughing Flood, the Indian Queen,” and his

father was of mixed Indian and African blood

Pur worked almost from his youth as a
barber. Over a half century ago the State
deeded to the survivors of the Ponkapoags
506 sores of land in the Blue Hill di-trict,
but the land gradually passed from contro!
oi the Indians. The State allowed a bounty
of $a vear, and the last of the race were Burr's
thother, a maiden aunt and himself. Last
year the State allowed Burr a bounty of $150
@ vear, the resolve being offered by Kepre-
fentative J A. Montgomery, and was as fol-
ows

“Reaolved, that there be allowed and paid out
of the treasury of the commonwealth to Lemuel
Burr of Cambridge, the sum of $150, in Oonside
eration of his care of his late mother and aunt
who were members of thea Poukapoag tribe of
Indians, and were formerly beneficiaries of
the Commonwealth.”

FIGHT AGAINST AUTOMOBILES.

bank and was told by the cashier that it was
undoubtedly a genuine dollar. Some of the
dollars were dated 1822, but most of them bore
a date that looked like 1799. These resemble
Mexican dollars more than they do good Ameri-
ean coin, bul the 1822 money is clearly American.
The vault which was constructed of bricks
was about five feet square and was so strougly
built that it did not break apart when lilted
by the derrick from its bed. An old dwelling
house, supposed to have been built before the
Revolution, had stood above the vault and was
torn down to make room for the new school-

house.

MARS, SCHWARTZ THE BURGLAR,

 

Detectives Make Her Confess That She Robbed
Her Own Hodme.

BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 17.-~A few days ago
William P. Schwartz, a butcher, reported to
the police that hls house had been robbed
A gold watch and chain and a wedding ring
belonging to Mrs. Schwartz was taken, with
a shotbag containing $88. Detectives visited
the house and were shown the marks of the
burglars’ entrance by Mrs. Schwartz, who said
she was not sleeping with her husband on the

night of the burglary on account of the fliness
of her lite boy. The detectives then called
on Mr, Schwartz at his place of businesa and
noted that in his story of the robbery he suid
that his wife slept with him on the night in
question. The detectives went back and
charged Mrs. Schwartz with being the robber

 

@edinance to Cut Down Speed in Hempstead
~Sidney D. Ripley to the Rescue.

Sidney Dillon Ripley is conducting a fight
in the village of Hempstead, L. 1., in the interest
of the owners of automobiles, A number of
the city people who are there for the summer
brought automobiles with them. The horses
belonging to the countrymen do noc take kindly
to the machines and some have been scared by

them. The horse owners protested against | herself. A, ganied se, indighaaey at fret,
the « si but finally confes and produce 6 missin,
peed at which the automobiles were run money. ihe detectives bhi niready Peoover

and the village trustees of Hempstead have

the watch and ring from a pawnshop, where
farted out to out it down. They have pre- dq.

they had been se The husband says that

fared an ordinance which provides that auto during the past ten years he has been robbed
hiobiles and other horseless vehicles must not | of fully $10,000, but never succeeded in tracing
travel through the village at a greater speed | the thief. He had never dented his wife any-

an assign no reaso n for her behavior,

SOCIAL EVENTS AT

than six miles an hour and, when passi ~ | thing and «
other vehicle, the speed must be Fodueed to
“ive “ee an hour.

r Ripley has addressed a commun n
fo the trustees in which he says ts orden
pill effectually banish the horseless vehicles
fron the village. It is unjust discrimination,
* Says as bleyveles and horsemen are per-
mitted to go along at a considerably greater
Foeed. Mr. Ripley is being backed up by many
Of the citizens of Hempatead.

se

APPBAL IN TALLY+HO CASE.

 

 

 

NEWPORT.

 

Luncheons of the Afternoon—Dinner Dance
at ‘‘Wayside,'’ Villa of Elisha Dyer, Jr.

Newport, R. [., Aug. 17.—There was quite a
gathering of fashionables at the tennis tourna-
ment to-day, but other than that there was
little going on socially. This afternoon lunch-
eons were given by Mrs. EB. Livingston Ludlow,
Mrs. J. J. Wysong and Mr. Lispenard Stewart.
This evening “Waysice,” the new villa of Mr.
and Mra. Elisha Dyer, Jr.. was the scene of a
dinner dance given in honor of Miss Laura
Swan. The interior cecorations of the villa
are very elaborate and in consequence there
wore few flowers neede!. After the dinner a
large number of the cottagers came infor the
cance. The ootillon was lei by Mr. Harry
Lehr, ani the favors were hanisome. At mid-
night supper was serve! on twenty sinall
tables set on the verandas.

Dinners were given to-night by Mrs. Oliver
H. P. Belmont, Miss Anna Leary, in honor of
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Astor Bristed; Mrs. Harry

Long Island Rallroad Company Receives Per-
mission to Take It to Court of Appeals,

Chief Justice Parker of the Court of Appeals
has granted the application of the Long Island
Railroad Company, allowing it to appeal to
the ‘ourt of Appeals in the action brought by
Matilda S. flenn against the company, This
is one of the so-called “tally-ho” cases grow-
ing out of a collision between & tally-ho coach
and & locomotive at Merrick roa crossing

we Stream, on Decoration Day, 1897, ;

i case Was tried before Justice Dickey

and a jury in the Supreme Cou i 7 | Payne Whitney, Mrs. Nathaniel Thayer and
in May. 1800, resulting ina verdioe tant eeaty: | Atherton Blight:
verdi no ihe dupaiate coert ced the Ce eee

Sow. 1 ooO, but affirm the j . N ;
a m Defendant moving for leave yoo POLICE PATROL WAGON IN A SHASH,
0 tie Court of Appeals ee

the Appellate Court

Sybsequent y defendant | Mit by 4 Trolley Car in the Tenderloin—tts

Driver Thrown Out and Hart.

While the patrol wagon from the Tenderloin
station was taking two prisoners to the Jeffer-
son Market police court yesterday morning
it was struck by an uptown Sixth avenue trolley
car at Nineteenth street. Policeman James Gil-

day who was driving, was thrown outand bruised
about the legs and his wrist was sprained,
The horses broke the pole of the wagon and
being thus relea ran away. They were
stopped at Fifteenth street by Frank Harris

denied the motion,
&aprlied to the Court

terests of the railsoad com
of r pany are in
Wiliam J, Kelly and Gen, Benjamin? hans
eR

Killed Himseit While Cleaning His Gan.
bearer anon Mass., Aug. 17.—Horace J,
~ ; oe " wel -known provision dealer,

o-day by the aceidental discharge

ofa shoteu .
ho fine a nba Tome ee hae cleaning, Atier

ito the kitcles row ain, the back vere he you} of 203 Fost, EFighty-ninth otrest, Several
t “ i ne gup. ereceivi c vers narrow ° was
Wediareig ae? in the abdomen and died lin- | taken to the New York flosplial, but after=
’ Ww went home on sick leave,

} .

 
 

 

Se

| children

    

 
 

JOHNNY CORBETT IS BAD.

— .
SISTER MAY TAKES HIM TO COURT TO
SAY SO AND HE NODS AND GRINS,

 

Bright Spot in the Dingy Court Room Is oe
May~She Has to Take Mother's Place Bo-
cause Mother's Paralyzed—Catholic Pro-
tectory in View for Wicked Johnny.

Down the broad aisle between the seats in the
West Bide police court, with their crowd of un-
kem,t and dingy loungers, yesterday came a
pretty little girl with a pleasant smile. There
were red poppies in the straw hat that topped
her bright face and light muslindress, In one
hand she held @ big blue umbrella and by the
other she led a neatly dreased boy who was
just a bit taller than the umbrella. She
wasn't timid a bit, but walked right up to the
gate of the enclosure in front of the bench.
Magistrate Cornell stopped frowning over a
troublesome case and the oountenanoe of
Pollogman Rheinhardt,the big bluecoat at the
gate, it up with a amile that transfigured him
60 that some of the folks who pass him there
mightn’t have recognized him,

“Well, my little girl,” he said, “what is it you
want?"

“Please, Mister,” said the little girl, smiling
back at him, “I want to commit my brother
here. fe's a bad boy~ aren't you, Johnny?”

The littl boy nodded, Then he grinned.
“Mommer says 1 am,” he ventured,

“Well, 1'll be blessed,” ejaculated the polloe-
man.

“Johnny's bad,” his small sponsor went on
to explain, “an’ you see maruma can’t tend to
him, 80 we decided he'd better be committed,
Johnny wants to go to the Catholic Protectory.
[t's nice there—ian’t it, Johnoy? ”

Johnny nodded again and the little girl
8miled again. Everybody {n the court room
had seen the pair by this tlhe. Two sturdy
Irish wornen, who had been shouting at eac
other and at the Magistrate up on the bridge,
stopped short. Magistrate Cornell stood up
to ea god look at Johnny and his sister.
Then he told a policeman to put the little ones
in vacant chairs at the reporters’ table. The
gi sat down, still holding on tight to Johnny's
2and and the blue umbrella. Agent Barolay
of the Gerry society happened to be in court
and he went over to the table to see what the
trouble was.

“Teil me all about it, dear,” he said, and the
little girl told. She was May Corbett. 11 yeare
old, she said, and Johnny was 10. They lived
with their mother at 220 West Sixty-firat street
and they wanted Johnny “looked after better.”

Can't your mamma take care of him?” asked
Agent Barclay.

“He don't obey

No,” said the little girl.
her, He goes out on the street and plays
wh the boys,”
“But why can't she come here to tell us this?”
asked the Gerry agent.
“Sho's got paralysis,” sald the child
“Where's your father?” asked Barclay.
He's dead.”
Her mother, May sald, had

n in bed seven
months, and her big sister di

8 three months
ago, Brother Bob.” worked at the College
of Physiclana and Surgeons in Weat Fifty-
ninth street. She explained that she had heen
to the Gerry society rooms and from there had
been sent to the court. She produced a fetter
instructing Agent Kuhn, the society's repre-
sentative at the court. to investigate the case
thoroughly and to do what he couldfor the
l Just then Kuhn came In.

“Don't talk to ‘em rough.” said Pollceman
Rheinhardt to the agent. “Ain't they a nice
Hite pair of children, though?”

Kuhn's voice is usually rougher than he
means it to be, but he didn’t need any warning
when he saw May's smile. He took Mav and
Johnny upstairs to his room and the Magls-
trate and the court officials watchéd the pair
and the big blue umbrella go out of the door,
and then returned to business. The agent is
likely to report the result of his inquiries to-day.

WONT MEET THE MINE WORKERS,

Anthracite Coal Operators Say They Are Wiil-
ing to Confer With Their Own Men.

Wiikes-Barne, Pa. Aug. 17.~The general
superintendent of one of the largest coal com-
panies in the region said to-day, although he
refused to have lis naine mentioned, that the
coal operators would positively refuse to meet
the United Mine Workers in Joint convention
at Hazleton on Aug. 26. He said:

“We refused to meet them at Scranton and
at Pittston and for the same reason will not
meet them at Hazleton. We are willing to
treat with our own employees, but refuse to
have anything to do with outsiders. The
grievances of the men are not so great as they
would like poopte to believe. The operators
believe, with many who are not engaged in
mining coal, that the anthracite enining and
miners are governed by Western men who are
working for the West Instead of the men em-
ploved In the East in the anthracite fleld.

“There is an appreciable difference in the
conditions of bituminous and anthracite minera,
but always in the former's favor. There is a
renson for this, of course, but the operators
in the anthracite field are not responsible.
There is a greater demand for soft coal, an: in
consequence the miner engagei in the West
works fA greater number of Gays a year and
gets a higher wage Can any one suppose for
a moment that we co not earnestly wish for ap
increwse. demand for anthracite? And there
has been legislation in the interest of the bitu-
minous coal operator. Don't wou think we
desire legislation in our interest? For ex-
ample, would it not be a eard in our favor to
have the Government use anthracite on all
its vessels instead of soft coal? Such a rule
could be appliet fa all departments. We feel
that anthracite is the better coal, but the fact
remains it is not in deman|, and perhaps be.
enuse it is considered a luxury it {s used
only when it becomes an actual necessity.”

WONT REAPPOINT MISS LOCKWOOD.

School Board of Sound Beach Disregards the
Public Meeting in Her Favor,

Sounp Beacu, Conn, Aug. 17.--Gilbert H.
Fovs, chairman of the District School, to-day
aidressel a letter Miss FF. Ida
Lockwood, for six years primary teacher tn
the public school here, declining to reappoint
her notwithstanding that a spectal meeting
of the schoo! district was held on the evening

of Aug. 14, at which time a resolution was
passed requesting the committee to reinstate
her as teacher na letter of July 8 the com-

lo

mittee told Miss Lockwood that her appoint. |

ment was under consideration, owing to her |

indiseretion in airing her grievances, and
warned her that any insubordination or at-
tempt by word or act to mar the useful-
ness of the principal woul! be cause for
asking for her resignation. Miss Lockwood
secure! nearly 200 signatures to a petition
asking for her reappointment, anid the voters
took her part at the meeting referral to. The
coinmittes, consisting of G. H. Ferris, W. J.
Worrell and Charles Palmer, exercise’ their

to appoint Miss Lockwoo!. They say that
Miss Lockwood was rather unticy and not a
raduate of a normal school, and lastiv talket
eo much about the principal ant the commit-
tea, one of whom *he -aid, promise! her re
appolntmont if she workei for his re‘l-ction.

SAYS HE WAS ROBBED OF $1,150.
Adventure in New York of a Riding Master
Who Had Just Arrived From Wales.

PovankrersiF, Aug. 17.—-Among some
vagrants arrested lust night by Officer Grudy
of the New York Central police for stealing
rides on freight trains was a man who gave his
name as Percy Evenson and his address as 26
West Twenty-seventh street, New York. He
is 36 years old and gave his Occupation us a
riding muster.

He told Recorder Morschwuser that he came
from Wales, arriving in New York on the Cum-
He had a draft
or $1,219, he said, which he g
Brothers, 58 Wal! - treet hen he we
see the city and fell in with « colored woman,
who took him to a room where they had drinks
Knockout drops were given to him and when
1 recovered consciousness he found thut he
had been robbed of $1,150, all the money he had
left. He said he was trying to work nis way
to Saratoga, where he thought he could find
He wus dis-

fist ubout two weeks ago
t

employment us u riding teacher,
charged.

 

GETS 819.50; MUST PAY S818 TO WIFR.

Hasband Ordered to Turn Over Two-thirds of
His Wages Pending Separation Suit,

Application was made to Supreme Court
Justice Lambert in Brooklyn yesterday for ali-

against James A. Dwyer for a separation on
the ground of cruel and inhuman treatment,
The plaintiff! averred that her husband struck
her on the head with a shoe and that he fre
quently struck her in the presence of her chil-
dren and others, She said she had to leave him
three weeks ago and find shelter with her par
ents, Dwyer denied her statements. He said
he had piers tried to do what was right by
his family le said it was a case of too muc
mother-in-law and that he was only too willing
to support his family.

Justice Lambertlearned that he was earning
$19.50 a week. He ordered Dwyer to pay §
counsel fee and to give his wife t o-tht 8
of his wages for the support of herself an her
hree children, y

ot cushed at Brown |
tontto |

lagal rights and did as they desired, refusing |

mony and counsel fee tn the sult of Mary Dwyer |

 

Brief Reviews of Important and Interesting
New Publications,

In “George Washington,” by Woodrow
Wilson (Harper & Brothers), we have an ac-
count made up of a series of views and im-
preasions, The English eolonies in America
were very tranquil! in 1752, the yoar in which
Washington was born. They were securely
established, and matters were going well with
them. Virginia, the oldest, was least of any
to be distinguished from rural communities
in England. Her population had come to her
almoct without selection at every stage of
quick change and troubled fortune that
England had seen since James Stuart  be-
came King, and Englishtnon in Virginia
kept the English character as they had reovived
it until they came to seem like elder
Englishmen. “England changed, but’ Virginia
did not. There landed estates spread them-
selves with an ample acreage along the mar-
ains of the streams that everywhere threaded
the virgin woodland; and the planter drew about
him a body of dependents who kuew no other
master; to whom came, fn their seclusion, none
of that quick alr of change that had so stirred
in Fngiand throughout all her century of revo-
lution. Some were his slaves, bound to him tn
perpetual subjection, Others were his tenants
and looked upon him as a sort of patron. In
Maryland, where similar broad estates lay upon
every shore, the law dubbed a great property
here and there a manor, and suffered it to boast
its separate court baron and privato jurisdiction,
Virginian gentlemen enjoyed independence
and authority without need of forma! title.”

There was only one social centre in Virginia,
In Williamsburg, the village capital, the Gov-
erpor had his “palace,” and here, too, stood the
colonial college. There were taverns and
“town” houses belonging to some of the planters.
There was gay company and formal ceremonial
in the season, but Williamsburg satisfied the
town instincts of the Virginians, and it had no
duplicate, There was no great market to
which all the trade of the colony was drawn.
Ships came and went upon each broad river,
taking and discharging freight at the private
wharves of the several plantations, Evers
planter was his own merchant, shipping his
tobacco to England and importing thence
clothes, tool¢, housefurnishings, and divers
luxuries. The dwellings of hia dependents
grouped themselves like a village about
his own square, broad-gabled house with its
airy hall and comfortable living rooms. He
may have had good plate on his sideboard and
table, old wine in his cellar, and family portraits
on his walls, but there was not much luxury in
his life; plain comfort anda homely abundance
sufficed him. Among the adrtrable pictures
with which Mr. Howard Pyle had illustrated
the book is one showing a ship taking on its
cargo at a Virginia plantation wharf, and an-
other showing a Virginia gentleman reading.
The Virginia gentleman has a bottle at his elbow
and he smokes a pipe as he reads. He has his
feet up, and looks extremely comfortable. But
the book tells us that he “read only upon occa-
sion, when the weather darkened.”

When Gen. Praddock and his soldiers came
to Virginia to fight the French the British
officers were not at pains to make themselves
agreeable to the colonista, but they took no
liberties with Col. Washington. The trans-
ports passed Mount Vernon to put the troops
ashore eight miles further up the river.
“Washington had ieft of being soldier for
Gov. Dinwiddie. but he had resigned only to
avoid an intolerable indignity, not to shun
service, and he made no pretence of tndiffer-
ence when he saw the redcvats come to camp
at Alexandria. Agatn and again was he early

in the saddle to see the stir and order of the |

|
|

troops, make the acouatntance of the officers, |

and learn, if he might, what it was that fitted
his Majesty s regulars for their stern business,
The self-confident gentlemen who wore his
Majesty's uniform and carried his Mojesty's
commissions in their pockets had scant regard,
most of them, for the raw folk of the
colony, who had never been in Lon-
don or seer the s#et array of battle
They were not a little tmpaftient§ that
they must recruit among such a people,
The transports hud brought but a thousand
men-—two half-regiments of 600 each, whose
colonels had instruetiona to add 200 men aplece
to their force in the colony, Six companies
of ‘rangers,’ too, the colonista were to furnish,
and one company of light horse, besides car-
penters and teamsters. By all these (Gen,
Bruddock's officers set small store, deeming
it Itkely they must depend not upon the pro-
vincluls, but upon themeelves for success,
They were ut «mall pains to conceal their hearty
contempt for the people they had come to help,
But with Washington it was a different mutter,
There wus that in his proud eyes und gentle-
man's bearing that marked him a man to be
made friends with and respected, A good com-
rade he proved, without pretence or bravado,
but an ill man to scorn, us he went his way
among them, ithe and alert, full six feet
in his beots, with that strong gait as of
a backswoodamun and thut haughty curriage
aus of u man born to have his will,
He won their liking, and even their admira-
tion, as a fellow of their own pride and pur-
pose, Gen. Braddock, knowing he desired to
make the campaign if he might do so without
sacrifice of self-respect, promptly invited
him to go as a mernber of his staff, where there
could be no question of rank, asking him, be-
sides, to name any young gentlemen of his
acquaintance he chose for several vacant en-
signcies in the two regiments. The letter of
invitation, written by Capt. Orme, aide-de-
camp, was couched in terms of unaffected cor-
diality. Washington very gladly accepted,
in a letter that had just a touch of the young
provincial in It, so elaborate and over-long
was ita explanation of its writer's delicate po-
sition and self-respecting motives, but with
«oO muc) more of the proud gentleman and reso-
lute man that the smile with which Capt. Orme
must have read it could have nothing of dis
relish in it. The young alde-de-camp and
all the other members of the General's mili-
tary family found its author, at any rate, a
man after their own hearta when it came to
terme of intimacy among them.”

After the disaster to Braddock, early in 1754,
Washington made a Journey to Boston to see
Gov. Shirley, then acting as commander-in-
ohief in the colonies, and the young Colonel
went in ¢uch circumstance as he belleved to
be fitting to him “tle went very bravely
dight in proper uniform of buff and blue, a
white and scarlet cloak upon his shoulders,
the sword at his side knotted with red and gold,
his horse's fittings engraved with the Wash-
ington arms and trimmed In the best style
of the London saddlers, With him rode two
aides tn their uniforms, and two servants in
their white-and-scarletlivery. Curious folk who

looked upon the celebrated young officer
upon the road saw him fare upon his
way with all the pride of a Virginian

gentleman, a handsome man, and an admira-
ble horseman-a very gallant figure, no one
could deny Everywhere he was féted
as he went, @#verywhere he showed himself the
earnest, high-«trung, achieving youth he was.
In New York he fell into a new ambush, from
which he did not come off without a wound,
His friend Beverly Robinson must needs have
Miss Mary Philipse at his house there, a beauty
and an heiress, and Washington came away from
her with a sharp rigor at his heart, But he
could not leave that desolate frontier at home
unprotected to stay for a siege upon a lady's
heart; he had recovered from such wounds be-
fore, had before that left pleasure for duty:
and in proper season was back at his post, with
papers from Shirley which left no doubt who
should command in Virginia.”

Once in a while Mr, Wilson's language be-
comes justa little exuberant, and we wiah
that he had not sald of Washington that there
waa “a blithe light in his blue eyes.” But the
book is interesting.

Mr, Finley Acker of Philadelphia thinks
highly of travel as @ recreation, and in his “Pen
Skeiches,”’ published apparently by th» author
at Philadelpuia, he brings together the pniio-
sophic reflections which he kindly consented to
print for a surprising number of Philadelphia
newspapers about several places of interest

i en ee en

he has visited, Cairo and Jerusalem and
Damascus and Venice and Rome and Pompeii.
No two of the half dozen articles he reprints
appeared inthe same newspaper, from which
we surmise that Mr. Acker was anxious to
show no partiality for one Philadelphia newa-
paperfabove the other, which might have
aroused distressing jealousy, and 6a tactfully
spread his information over them all. Before
taking us across the Atlantic he begins by
telling ua that “every man has, or should have,
his ‘hobby'—in recreation, I thik mine
is travel — partioularly fore'gn travel. It
seems to me there is no quicker or more
effective means than travel in foreign coun-
tries for dispelling the selfish, narrow and
bigoted ideas which are frequently the
outgrowth of local environment. And
there is no better means for widening and
deepening our interestandsympathy with our
fellow man than to discover in all parta of tho
world the same elements of human nature, the
same human love and passions, and to find the
sun shining, the ‘rain falling and the laws of
Providence operating with impartial benefi-
cence upon all races of men, regardless of
inherited creed, ignorance or bigotry.’ De-
spite this broad and oharitable view of foreign-
era, however, the traveller ts likely to return
“more keenly alive to the fact that the one
country inthe world which, by reason of its
boundless natural resources and the intellectual
and moral stamina of its people, is best
qualified to assume the leadership of all other
nations is his own country of Americas.” His
trip will be made doubly enjoyable, M:. Acker
thoughtfully adds, ‘should he be fortunate
enough to be accompanied by a thoroughly
companionable ‘better half,’ and itis “to one
of the most endearing, vivacious and un-
welfish of these” that he dedinates his book.

Cairo agreeably surprised Mr. Acker by not
being all like the Midway at the World's Fair
at Chicago, though “the Streets of Cairo’
were among the most popular features of the
Midway."’ The traveller in the city of Cairo of
to-day may see ‘many evidences of cosmopoli-
tanism, If he drives through the extensive and
ornate gardens of the Ghezireh Palace Hotel, he
may imagine himself suddenly transported to
Flotel dal Monte at Monterey, California. Ifhe
strolls (through the drawing room of the Savoy or
Shepheard's he may conclude he ts in Saratoga.
If he spends an evening at the Khedivial Opera
House he may imagine himself in Philadelphia
orTondon. If he ridea donkey back through
the narrow s'reets of old Cairo he may feel that
animpassable gulf separates him from European
civilization."’ Mr. Acker nevertheless ases all
the sighta, the bazaars and the museum and the
mosques and the university. The Nile turns
his thoughts homeward. ‘The River Nile of to-
day bas a practipal lesson to teach the far-away
Philadelphians who boast of their superior civ-
flization, butwho nevertheless have posted up
in their kitchens the ominous warning from
their Board of Health not to drink their city
water unless boiled/ The water of the Nile is
more murky than either the Schuylkill or the
Delaware, but when it appears as drinking
water Upon the table {t Is olear as crystal, and
the wonderful transformation from offensive
muddiness into crystalline purity is due to the
simple process of filtration.’ The Pyramids
were at first sight disappointing to Mr. Acker,
“The sight ls, of course, impressive, beoause of
their colossal proportions; but as one looksat the
massive pile of rough stone, occupying at its
base probably as much ground space as our
City Hall, and stretching diagonally upward to
a po'nt almos! as high as the base of Penn's
statue, he is strongly tempted to forget the in-
genious theories of their astronomical and
mathematical significance and exclaim: ‘What
consummate idiocy!’ He admits, however,
that while Cheops finished his monument in
twenty years, it may taxe Philadelphia five
thousand to complete her City Hal), This leads
him to apologize. “Perhaps, after all, our
hasty Judgement of Cheops as a builder was
fallactous."” While in the interior of the Pyramid
he produced a weird impression of himself by
reciting an eight-stanva poem, we infer of
Philadelphia authorship, thé first stanza of
which rune:

I think I lie by the lingering Nile;

Tthink Tam one that have lain long while,

With my lips sealed up in a solemn smile,

In the lazy land of the loitering Nile.
While the last funereal stanza ran as follows:
And! lle with the Pyram!d over my head;

Iam lying dead, lying long, long dead;

With mg works all done and my words al! said,
And the deeds of my days written over my head.

Dead! Dead! Dead!

The Sphinx, however, cheered him up. He
does not mention what Philadelphia worthy it
reminded him of, but ite face haunted him.
“This fascinating face of stone may be
viewed in the brieht sunlight, or at sunrise, at
sunset, by moonlight, or even {n the night by
the aid of an artificial magnesium light, but the
face never wearies, never disappoints.” He
wonders whatit may have said to various per-
sons, from Joseph and Moses down to Saladin
ard Napoleon

Mr. Acker attended a Bedouin wedding festi-
val and was naturally astounded that no back-
sheesh was demanded of him. After greeting
the bridegroom he expressed his desire to pay
his reapects to the brid». The men were aston-
ished at the request, but the bridegroom agreed
to it oh Mr. Acker's promising to give a silver
wedding gift. On entering the women's
room he shook hands cordially with the lady
and wished her happiness through an {nterpre-
ter. “‘lalao expressed the hoye that her life
would be as long as her face was beautiful, and
this little compliment was greeted with hilar-
fous delight by her many friends as well as
herself '' A bappy commingling of Western
with Orfental courtesy. At the wedding
Mr. Acker saw an Egyptian woman dan-
cer from Cairo dcano*, and over her he
beoomes lyrical. “As eshe glided over the
platform and danced in the Oriental style to
which the Egyptians have been accustomed for
thousands of yeara some of her movements
might have been considered sufficiently
graceful to be classed with the Del
earte physical culture § exercises.” It is
oly through the artist’s indiscretion
that the reader will discover that Mr. Acker
is describing the danse du ventre. But
we must hasten over Mr. Acker's other experi-
ences, At Jerusalem he noticed the sub-
division of trades. “But Jerusalem ites apy ar-
ently don't favor the department 4) ore idea.
Fach little shop hasits separate proprietor,
and the value of the entire stock of the average
store would not equal in amount a single good-
aized salo in many American retail stores. The
Oriental method of trading is unique. I woud
enjoy seeing it tried in Wanamaker's, Darling-
ton's or Caldwell's.” In Damascus Mr. Acker
took a Turkish bath for local color, but it
did not come up to his expectations. “In
order to gratify the curiosity it may pay to
take a single Damascene Turkish bath,
but for thoroughness, cleanliness and genu-
ine comfort, and the enjoyment of all the
paraphernalia with which American Ingenuity
has improved the crude methods of the Orien-
tals, I would reoommend the European or
American Turkish bath eetablishments—a most
excellent apecimen of which may be found at
Kelaey's mode! establishment in our owneity.”
He drawsa curious contrast bet ween the Eastern
workingman and his standards of comfort and
the American, naturally to the disadvantage of
the former. Mr. Acker nakes sage observa-
tions as well about the other places he visited
and casts the glamour cf Philadelphia over
them all. He suge@es's a delightful way to see
Pompeii without too much trouble. “It may not
be convenient for all to cross the Atlantic
and enter the beautiul Bay of Naples, and
from there make the interesting trip to the un-
earthed city of Pompei; but, if I mistake not,
models of anumber of these ruins and éxcava-
tions and restorations were presented to Phila-
deiphia by the late Hon. John Welsh. If the
reader is sufficiently interested and will just
breathe the atmosphere of ancient Pompeii py
reading Bulwer Lytton's old work, ‘Last Days
of Pompeii,’ he may be able to visit Pompeii
in Philadelphia.”” Philade|pbia is a great place,
and it has interesting inhabitants, Mr. Acker's
book Is illustrated by many little pen and ing
sketches printed in red :

 

The effect of Sir Sherston Baker's labours as
the first English editor of Gen, Halleok’s ‘‘Inter-

 

national Law," iseverywhere apparent in his
“Firat Steps in Internailonal Law" (Boston
Little, Brown & Co.) In the preface Sir
Bherston explains that th» lectures which com-
pose his book were due to and inspired by our
war with Spain; and decisio: 6 of Br.tish courts
in matters of international law are closely
followed by those of our own courts. It is a
fact, due to Great Britain's interests being
largely opposed to the development of rules of
international law, that our writers on that jaw

 

outnumber and hold higher rank as authorfties |

than British writers on the -ame subject, It
was to Great Britain's interest to act first, and
let the laws got themselves enforced or not,
acoording as ber opponent was strong at sea
or not. This state of things did not conduce
to produce strong international lawyers, ex-
cept in a few instances. Sir Shereton Baker's
book is well intentioned; but like most Eng-
lish text books or books of relerence it might
be improved, Even is larze reliance on Ameri-
can cases does not place it beyond that
reproach, Its treatment of the subject |4 pre-
eminentiy ‘‘popular,’’ such as one looks for in
“predigested”’ ejucational systems or in the
series of text books recommended by Mr,
Spriggina in “Tol On Parle Frangais,” of which
"Frenoh Before Breakfast” was a sample, Ithas
its value, of course, but there are better Ameri-
can books on the subject. It is uo to date
having appeared late last yeur; ita digest of
some of the more {mportant cases, seemingly
suggested by Snow's “Cases in International
Law” {s es: ectally valuable, though of course
it cannot pretend to take the place of Snow's
work, Many of these cases, by the way, are
from American decisions; in fact, Sir Sheraton
evidently appreciates as much as any American
the place our lawyers and Judges have taken
in the development of Internation! law. It
may be noted that the book is set up and
printed in this country for the British market,
the dreaded ‘American spelling’ being con-
eplouous by \ts absence,

Two more volumes of ‘The Novels and Stories
of Frank R. Stockton," being 2 and 3of tho
Stories’ and 16 andi7 of tte whole series,
are issued by Charles Scribner's Sons. They
comprise some of the best work that Mr. Stock-
ton has done, that on which many of his ad-
mirers believe his fulure fame will rest. It must
be all of twenty years since some of these tales
first appeared in the magaz nes, but they lose
nothing on a second or on a twentieth reading.
The delicacy and fancy and absurdity of “A
Story of Assisted Fate," or “The Remarkable
Wreck of the Thomas Hyke" or “Our Fire
Screen,” can be enjoyed fully as well
by the present generation of readers as by
that which first laughed over them. Then there
are photographs of types of American character
asin “Asaph” and ‘‘An Unhistorio Page.”” One
of the volumes contains several of the stories In
which the poetic side of Mr. Stockton's fancy
shows iteelf best, the stories for children, which
aré yet most appreciated by their elders. There
{s “Old Pipes and the Dryad" and “The Bee-
Man of Orn" and ‘'Christmas Before Last,’ and
plenty more, all charming, and all thoroughly
{in touch with the chidren. The s*ries {4 a
long one. It is a monument to the industry
with which Mr, Stockton has striven to enter-
tain and amuse us year in and year out fora
quarter of a century.

 

“Prehistoric Implements” (Tho Robert Clarke
Company), by Mr. Warren K. Moorehead, tsa de-

scription of the ornaments, utensils and imple- |

ments of pre-Columbian man in America. It is
not intended for professional archmologists, but
{sa guide and reference book for collectors and
other persons who become Interested in the
stone, clay, bone and s!ell objects that are dug
up from time to time in all parts of the country.
The author has been assisted by a dozen other
experts, but the main part of the work has been
his own. The book is profusely {llustrated, no
less than 8,000 specimens being shown, and the
whole field of preh storic remains in tho United
States is covered adequately in the text.

 

We have also received:
“The Jeffersonian Cyclopedia: a Comprehen-
sive Colle: tion of the Views of Thomas Jeffer-

son.” Edited by John P. Foley, (Funk &
Waginalis Company.)
“China and the Present Crista’ Joseph

Walton, M. P. Gamrson Low, Marston & Co.)

“Publio Papers of Georee Clinton, First Gov-
ernor of New York.” Vol. II. Published by
the State of New York. Wynkoop Hallenbeck
Crawford Company.)

“Graded Literature Readers, Fourth Book."
Harry Pratt Judson and Ida C. Bender. (May-
nard, Merrill & Co.)

“United States ‘History’ as the Yankee Makes
and Takes It,’ by “A Confederate Soldier.”
Third edition, (Cussons, May & Co., Glen
Allen, Va.)

“L. Annewus Seneca. Tranquillity of Mind;
Providence.” Translated by William Bell Langs-
dorf. (G. P, Putnam’s Sons )

“A& Book for All Readers.’’ Airsworth Rend
Spofford. (G. P. Putnam's Sons.)

*‘How to Make Money tn the Printing Busi-
ness.” Paul Nathan (The Lotus Press.)

“The Flower of the Flock.” W. E. Norris.
(Appletons.)

“Whilomv.lle Stories." Stephen Crane. (Har-
pers.)

“Gen. William B. Franklin and the Battle of
Fredericksburg.” Jacob L, Greene. (Belknap
& Warfield, Hartford, Conn. )

 

pobs } = %
CALULAHAN,.—On Thursday, Aug. 17, 1900, Alfee

A. Callahan, the beloved daughter of James and
Mary Ann Langley.

 

Funeral from herlate residence, 49 Peck slip, on |

Monday, Aug. 20, 1090, at ®@30 A.M. thence to
St. Andrew's Chureb, Clty Hall place and
Duane st.

M'GRATH.-—On Aug. 17, 1900, at her rest-
dence, 755 Belmont av, Brooklyn, Ellzabeth

McGrath in her 824 year.

Funeral services on Sunday, Aug. 19, 1900, at 2:30

P.M. Interment Evergreens Cemetery
PHILUIPS,—On Aug. 16, 1900, Helen Loutsa,
daughter of the late Wells and Mary A. Phillips

Funeral from her late residenoe, 15 Lombardy st,
Newark, N. J.. on Saturday, Aug. 18, 1900, at 2
P.M

POWER,.—At Wappinger's Falls, Dutchess county,
N. ¥., at the rectory of St Mary's Church, Rev,
Michael C, Power, in the 75th year of his age and
the fifty third of his priesthood.

The reverend clergy and friends are ‘nvited with
out further notice to attend his funeral at the
above-mentioned chureb, on Saturday, Aug. 14,
1900. Train leaves the Grand Centra! depot for
Wappinger's Falis, N. Y.,av4P. M,

POWERS.—On Wednesday. Aug. 15,
A., son of R. Augustus Powers

Funeral services ab bis late residence, 9 West S7th
st., Saturday, Aug. 14, 1900, at 11 o'clock,

ROSS.—At Belmar, N. J., on Aug. 15, 1900, after a
short iliness, Henry Harrison, eldest son of Wil
liam A. Ross, Craigavad, County Down, Ireland.

Funeral private

1990, Arthur

 

 

THE KENSICO CEMETERY. —Private station, Har.
lem Railroad; 48 minutos’ ride from the Grand
Central Depot. Office, 16 Kast 42d at.

Religions ‘Rotices.

GRASE CHURCH. Broadway, corner 10th st
Holy Communion, & A. M.
Morning Prayer and Sermon. ii A. M
Evening Prayer and Sermon, & P. M.
All sittings free.

Y TRINITY CHURCH, N.Y... 122d st @
Lenox av., Rev. H. P. Nichols. Rector
10 A. M., Holy Communion
11 A.M. and & P. M., Service and Sermon.
The Rector will preach morning and evening

EV. RAPHAEL BENJAMIN, M. A., will oMeciate
in the S440 st. Temple during the approaching
Jewish hoildays. \

= — New Publications,
TO

AUTHORS

SEEKING

   

H°

Manuscripts in all branches
of literature, suitable for
publication in book form,
are required by an estab-
lished house. Liberal
terms No charge for
examination, Prompt at-
A tention and

treatment,
*ROOKS,”
Box 141 he sun,

PUBLISHER. 1265 Broadway, New York

OOKS—All out-of-print books supplied, no mat-
ter on What subj ct, Write me, stating books
wanted. can get ge any book ever published,
When in Epatend ony ana ioepsct my stock of ty
rare * KER’ REAT BOO.
Birmingham, England , an

honorable |

 
      

New Publientions.
We published on Wednesday
three books of widely diversified
nature. For instance,

Whilomville Stories

by the late Stephen Crane, rep-
resent that author at his best.
His peculiar power is here espe-
cially graphic in the delineation
of boys. Their unconsciously
funny ideas of life, and their
own immensely important rela-
tion thereto, are depicted with
that stark truth and almost

 

wane ne

 

clairvoyant visualization — for
which Crane has become
famous.

. . . . * . o

From these stories of boy life
to such a volume as

Russia Against India

by Archibald Ross Colquhoun,
author of “China in Transfor-
mation,” is along flight. In this
Mr. Colquhoun has dealt in
readable vein with matters of
Current international interest.
He describes with entertainin
skill the strange country an
A of Central Asia from
acts gathered during his own
residence in “ forbidden ”’ lands;
and covers such large subjects
as Russia’s advance into Central
Asia, and “The Defence of
India” by the British, He
speaks with authority.

The startling nature of the
new book about spirit phe-
nomena, :

From India to
the Planet Mars,

translated from the French of
Prof. Theodore Flournoy by
Daniel B. Vermilye of the Co-
lumbia University Library, is
already a town topic. The
vogue of the work started be-
fore its publication. Why?
Because here is a book whose
contents tax the average reader's
credulity, and whose truth is
vouched for by eminent scien-
tijie authority. Prof. Flour-
noy’s standing as Professor of
Psychology in the University
of Geneva, Switzerland, com-
mands the respect of the world;
and his five years’ experiments
with “the Geneva Medium,”
Helene Smith, in which he was
aided by his fellow professors,
are here described in full. In her
trances Helene Smith lives in
ancient India, or in the planet
Mars. She speaks and writes a
Martian language, and describes

Martian scenery! She is not
learned, yet in her trances pos-
sesses historical knowledge

which under normal conditions
she lacks.

 

Whilomville Stories. []]., Cloth, $1.50,
Russia Against India. Cloth, $1.50.
From India to the Planet Mars. $1.50.

arper & Brothers
Publishers.

 

“Judge Desear has discov:
ered an important new feild
in fiction.”

“A historic novel, where

history bas been wisely sub
ordinated to strong humaa
Interest."

“The (fustrations are the
best that have appeared inany
novel issued this year.

“The writer has caught the
Oriental flavor and presented
va) It to perfection."

te tn Will doubtless be widely read, for tt deserves

  

“A historic romance of more than ordinary power.”
“The book should live tn literature.”
“The author bas added # new great character to

fiction.

“Powerful imagination, @ strong plot, brilliant
description.” =

“A remarkable first book. Can the writer equal ft
by bis neat volume?”

 

Ist Edition sold in @ days,

CONTINENTAL PUBLISHING CO.,
24 Murrey St., and 389 Fifth Ave., cor. 36th 6t., MY,

Atall Book-Stores,

 

 

WRITTEN IN
—RED—

A GREAT DETECTIVE STo

“Paice # IWS

FoR Sie EVERYWHERE
OR AT PUBLI ERS

 

  

The Trust
Problem

By Professor J. W. JENKS, Ph. D.

“Ll have read with imterest anil reread with
profit “THE TRUST PROULUM,’ by Profe«sor
Jens. [is o clear and eonctve statement of the
ers* based upon a practic.! undersianding of
ihe situation.” JAMES B. DILL.

With fee charte in colora

Smadt2mo,4a'yri'4. Net, 62.00,

McCLURE, PHILLIPS & CO.,

141-145 Fast 251k Street, New York

         
                   
     

C.—Kipling's Fleetin Being Caldecott's a
Manon Lescaut Mailed PRATT, —

~

vo