[ee Sentae seen. oan

VOI, IXNIV.—NOQ. 189.

   

 
 

SS

NEW TUNNELS FOR BELMONT,

'
i

'
'
cnr |
RAPID TRANSIT BOARD PASSES;
ALTERNATE BID PLAN, |

ae ee '

Which Makes tt Possible for the tnterbor-
ough to Add to the Present Subway So

as to Make a Trunk Line on Bach Side

of the City—The Central Tracks.

the Rapid Transit Commiasion finished
vesterday the work of drafting the contract
for the new Seventh and Eighth avenue
subway route. It cannot be formally ap-
roved until the public hearing has been
eld on Monday, March 25. After the farm
as been adopted it must be approved by |
|

the Board of Estimate and the Corporation
vinsel, and the commiasion will then be
Je to begin advertising for bids. |
lhe Board of Estimate will undoubtedly

approve the Lexington avenue contract
to- lay, and as it is also expected to take
speedy action on the Seventh and Eighth
vvenne route the prospects are that within
to months the contracts for new subways
on the Kast and West sides will be let.

fhe general conditions of the contract
‘or the West Side subway are similar to those
adopted for the Lexington avenue route.
The new West Side subway will begin at the
Battery, continue north under Greenwich
street to Morris street, thence under West
Rroadway, Washington Square, Greenwich
avenne to West Eleventh street and thenca
under privat? proporty to West Twelfth
and Seventh avenue, then under
Seventh avenue to Fortieth street, whence
the line will pass under the existing sub-
way at a point near Forty-third street and
then continue north to Central Park West
and under that thoroughfare and Eighth
avenue to 40th street, thence under
Macomb’s Kine, the Harlem River, 162d
street and Jerome avenue to a terminal
near the Woodlawn Cemetery. There ia
an alternate route which provides for the
building of a subway south from a junction
with the present subway at Forty-second
street near Broadway.

Sinularly there is an alternate route in
the plans for the Lexington avenue new
subway whieh permits bids for the con-
struction only of that part of the road
running north of Forty-second street and
allowing this line to connect with the present
subway by means of a spur in Forty-second
street. Both thes? alternates were pro-
posed hy the Belmont company, and it is
expected by the Rapid Tranait Commiasion
that the Interborough interests will bid
only for these two extensions, By means
of these extensions the Interborough could
have two trunk systems, one on each sido
of the city.

In the epinion of some of the members
of the commiasion the Interborough in -
terests will make the only bid for the new
routea—which it will be advantageous to
the city for the commission to accept.
One of the conditions in tho contracta is
that bidders must state what transfer
facilities they can offer. The Interborough
company, it is expected, will offer not only
to give tranefere at al) points where their
systems meet, but will take the contract
for a sum far below cost, as in the case of
the Brooklyn extension, which will cost
$8,000,000, but which the company con-
tracted to build for $2,000,000.

The Steinway tunnel, which the Belmont
company {s building under the East River,
oes under Forty-second street to a point
near Fleventh avenue, and by a connection
between this tunnel and the present sub-
way the company could offer free transfers
from the Manhattan lines to Long Island
City. It is understood that if the company
gets the contracts for the two extensions,
that part of the existing subway now
running under Forty-second street willy
he used for shuttle trains for transferring
passengers from one trunk line to the other. |

There was another hearing yesterday
hefore the commission on how to get rid
of the New York Central Railroad tracks
on the weet side of the city south of Thirti-
eth street, but as the various delegations
could offer no very practical solution fur-
ther consideration of the matter was post-
poned for a week. The various delegations
representing some half dozen West Side
organizations were not in unison in their
demands. Some of them insisted that the
city should proceed to act on March 26
under the terms of the Saxe bill and con-
demn the tracks unless the company con-
sented to place them under ground, while
other speakers intimated that it might be
advisable to allow the city authorities to
work out the McClellan scheme for a muni-
cipally owned elevated structure on the
marginal street facing the North River
locks

Among the speakers was Father Chad-
wick, who urged the commission to con-
demn the tracks if the company refused
to agree to an underground line. He in-
sisted that not only were the tracks a menace
to life but that they retarded the develop- |
ment of the West Side. Mrs. Jane Delaney |
of 42 West Forty-seventh street appealed |
to the board to do something at once to
take the tracks off the streets. Now an
old woman, she told the board that nearly
forty years ago she was sitting at the window
of her home when she saw her father run
over and killed by a train going by the
house, while her father’s brother lost both
legs in the same way.

In order to encourage the contractor
for the bridge subway loop the commission
decided to allow a bonus of 1 per cent. of
the unexpended balance due to the con-
tractor if the tunnel should be finished
within twenty-one months. The time al-
lowed in the contract is thirty-one months.
The value of the bonus would be about
$15,000.

W. R. Hearst has addressed to the Board
of Estimate a letter asking that body to
disapprove of the new subway contracts.
Mr. Hearst's chief plea is that contracts for
construction and operation should be let
separately. He also wants a provision
authorizing the city to end the contract at
any time on payment of a fair indemnity.

str et

 

Waterspouts On Haiteras. .
The steamship Sarnia, which arrived
here yesterday a day late from Kingston,
whence she sailed on Feb 28 dodged
'wo waterspouts in a thunderstorm off
‘ape Hatteras. For twenty-four hours
the Sarnia was able to make only three
nots an hour against the gale.
GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER,
''® purity has made it famous.”—Adr.

 

 

 

Se
SPECIAL TRAIN TO ALTANTIC CITY
Fridays and Satu

ye du » v -
“iventa Rellroad, von Bw tert ig Pe:
bre)
tabens Butet Partor Care tune

  

————

 

MRS, LATHAM SUICEDE IN PARIS, ARCHIE ROOSEVELT IS WORSE. |

American Periralt Vainter Who Mefused
Father's Request to Return Home.
Spectal Cabie Despeteh to “Taw SUN

Paris, March 7.--Mrs. Nathalie Dole
Latham, an American woman % years old,
committed suicide about 12:30 this morning
in her apartment at 21 Rue Viete. She had
considerable reputation as a portrait painter.
She was also musical. She had been di-
voreed,

Her father is George Lockwood of New
York She had been in Paris fifteen
months and her father had asked her to
return. She had refused. It is believed
that on her refusal her allowance had been
reduced.

A man whose name is not known called
upon her last evening and remained from
9 until midnight
descended the staircase and returned with
the concierge. Mrs. Latham left a letter in
which she says:

“Accuse nobody of ‘ny death. I have
killed myself volantarily. Arrange my hair
nicely and cable to my father.”

She gave the names of Paris friends and
asked them to see that her body was cre-
mated.

The newspaper accounts of the suicide
emphasize two things, the irresistible
attraction that Paris exercises over certain
natures and the independence of American
women. The writers are unable to repress
their surprise at finding a woman living an
irreproachable life alone at night.

A visitor, whose portrait Mrs. Latham
was painting, found her dressed with more
than usual care. She talked of music and
art all the evening, dwelling upon her
artistic plans for the future. Another
intimate friend says she spoke about her
father’s insistence that she return to
America, wishing her to marry some man
she did not know, whom her father had
selected for her, but she was not willing
to marry again. Her father, finding his
wishes not effective, curtailed her allowance.

Another frien quotes her as explaining
that her recent sadneas was due to her
father's wish to force her to return to
New York. She said he had threatened to
ent off her resources, and added:

“I think I should die if I left Paris. Oh,
to be free and have the right to remain in
this paradise!”

Mrs. Latham had a studio here at 119
West Forty-second street. She was well
known among artists. Her father lives
with his son-in-law, George M. Levintritt,
at 57 West Seventy-fifth street. Mr. Lock-
wood said last night:

“The reports that my daughter was in
financial difficulties are abeurd. She had
an income of her own, and I sent her money
regularly from leases which she held here.
Only Tuesday I mailed her a draft for $100.
Of course this had not reached her, but it
is incredible that she was pressed for funds.

“Some four weeks ago she had a severe
attack of the grip, which may have de-
pressed her sufficiently to cause a tem-
porary unbalancing of hér mind. That
is the only reason I can think of. Previous
to that she had suffered for some weeks
with a very tad sprained ankle. Her
letters, which came regularly every week,
and one of which came to me not later
than Tuesday last, were universally
cheerful.

“She was bappy in Paris. It is entirely
impossible to understand it. My daughter,
Mrs. Leventritt, will go to Paris Saturday
to take charge. Her mother is at present
in California and has been notified.”

Mrs. Latham's husband was a brother
of Grey Latham, the divorced husband of
O'Neill Latham, the illustrator.

 

DUMA RADICALS STAND FIRM,

Harangue Crowds in Streets Despite Gov-
ernmental Blasts.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tur Sux.

St. PeTersspurc, March 7.—At private
conferences of the oppositional parties in
the Duma held to-day it was considered
that the crisis is how decidedly more acute.
The ministerial newspapers, especially the
official Roasia, print angry broadsides.
The Constitutional Democrats are called
masked revolutionaries and the more radi-
cal parties are taunted with being their
dupes.

It is believed in the Government offices
that Prime Minister Stolypin's aggressive
attitude toward Golovine, the president of
the lower house of the Duma since the
first seasion, in repeatedly asking that the
earliest date be announced for the recep-
tion of the Government's programme, has
for its motive a desire to prevent a union
between the Constitutional Democrats and
the Left. Meanwhile the revolutionary
deputies, including the St. Petersburg
deputy, Alexinsky, the proofreader, who
was elected as an extreme Social Democrat,
are addressing open air meetings of work-
men in definace of the prohibition of the
military governor.

JURY SETS STROTHERS FREE,

Judge, Thanking Them, Gives Adherence
to the Unwritten Law.

Cutreper, Va., March 7.—The jury in
the case of the Strother brothers, charged
with the murder of William F. Bywaters,
brought in a verdict of not guilty at 11:10
o'clock this morning after having been
out one hour and forty minutes. There
was some applause when the verdict was
announced but no unseemly demonstration.

The decision of the jury came as a sur-
prise, for it was generally believed when
they retired at 9:30 o'clock that they would

 

 

 

. Ju ge Harrison, after thanking the jury
for ita painstaking attention during the
ws regard to the law that I have given
ou for your guidance I have taken the
Instruction most likely to give rise to de-

bate, word it word, from an instruction

which our court sanctioned.
“Your ve , too, gentlemen, has fol-
lowed the t of American juries

generally, 60 far as they have come under
my observance.

Law books may lay down oorrect doc-
trines, but American juries will not punish
a man who kills another if that other, by
aggravating and nable treachery, in-
vi the sanctity of his home circle and
destroys ite peace.

"You have listened to this evidence with
scru us care and you have been as-
sisted by able and eloquent

of the Commonwealth a
to reach a righteous verdict.
to be men of hig character and high pur-
pose and the verdict is in accordance with
the dictates of your consciences, This is
all the Court onye wish, and with it the
Court is satisfied.”

The verdict was received here with great
rejoicing and the comment was
that the unwritten law in Virginia was

mouch stronger .han a tra-

‘¢++NEW YORK. FRIL

 

He heard a shot as he |

 

 

1 SUDDEN RELAPSE,

Mr. Roosevelt Summoned to His Bedside at
9 o'Clock Last Evening—The Boy Was
Then In a Critical Condition —Dr. Lam.
bert Says He Has a Chance te Get Well.

Wasninoron, March 7.—The condition
of Archie Roosevelt, the President's son,
who was stricken with diphtheria last
| Friday, has taken a turn for the worse.
| President Roosevelt, who has heretofore
observed the quarantine restrictions placed

upon that part of the White House where
| Archie is segregated, was summoned to
| the boy's bedside at 9 o'clock this evening
and remained with him from that time on.
| Archie was then in an extremely serious
| condition, according to unofficial informa-

tion, and a conference of physicians was
called. At 10:20 o'clock Surgeon-General

P. M. Rixey of the navy left the White
| House and gave out this reassuring state-

ment:

“Archie Roosevelt has materially im-
proved since noon, when considerable
anxiety was felt on account of weak heart
action. At 10:20 P. M. the case is favorable
with a normal temperature and the heart
acting well.”

The sinking speil which Archie suffered
| at noon frightened the family and medical
| attenda..ts of the boy. As soon as he

learned of the serious turn his son's illness
| had taken the President directed that Dr.

Alexander Lambert of New York, the Roose-

velt family physician, be sent for at once.

Dr. Lambert reached Washington shortly
after § o'clock this evening and went im-

| mediately from the station to the White
|

| avenue and Mrs. Ruth Delaney of 11 East
''lhirty-sixth street were bruised and
| shaken up yesterday afternoon as the result
| of a runaway in Central Park South,

At Columbus Circle Mrs. Connfeld hailed

 

the President had been informed by Dr.
Lambert that Archie had one chance to
pull through, but the physician thought
he would make it. Drs. Lambert, Kennedy
and Braisted will stay with the patient all
night.

The following bulletin, marked 2:30
o'clock P. M., was given out at the White
House shortly before 4 o'clock thisafternoon:

“Archie has had a severe attack of diph-
theria. He has done well until to-day,
when there was a short spell of depression,
with weak heart action. This, however.
has quickly reaponded to stimulation.
The case is again doing well and is con-
sidered favorable.”

Mrs. Roosevelt is almost constantly
at the boy's bedside and never leaves the
immediate suite of rooms where Archie is
lying and over which the quarantine has
been established.

One other case of diphtheria has appeared
in the Friends Select School, which Archie
attended, and the school has been closed
for a week.

Miss Ethel Roosevelt, who has been stop-
ping at the residence of Surgeon-General
Rixey since her brother was taken ill,
was called to the White House to-night.
A rumor that the President had sent tele-
grams to Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., who is
at Harvard, and Kermit, the second son,
who is attending schoo) at Groton, Mass.,
summoning them home could not be con-
firmed.

WasHinocton, March 8.—Archie Roose-
velt fell asleep about 2 o'clock. His condi-
tion at 2:30 is considered encouraging.

The President left the sick room and went
to bed shortly after 1 o'clock and left word
to be aroused if any change occurred in
the boy's condition.

 

SERGT, CRAY TRANSFERRED,

Charies F. Murphy's Brother-in-Law Loses
a Berth tn the Sanitary Squad.

Secretary Schoffer of the Board of Health
wrote a letter to Police Commissioner

Bingham yomeree requesting the transfer
of gt. Patrick Cray from the command
of the sanitary squad. No reason was
assigned for the removal of Cray, who is
a brother-in-law of Charles F. Murphy,
leader of Tammany Hall, and Commis-
sioner Bingham didn’t ask for one. He
made up his mind that the Board of Health
had cause for wanting Cray out of the
department, and to-day a general order
will be issued assigning the pride of the
Gas House district to a precinct.

Sergt. Cray has had an easy berth since
he was put in charge of the police who are
detail to assist the Board of Health

hysicians. Although he had more than a
fundred policemen to look after he worked
only days and his duties weren't arduous.
The detail is regarded as one of the best in
the department.

Commissioner Bingham didn’t know
whether Cray’s transfer had any political
significance or not. The policemen de-
tafled to the Health Board are paid by that
department out of a special appropriation
given to it by the Board of Estimate each
year, and the Commissioner said that in
view of that the board is entitled to any
changes it may see fit to ask.

Sergt. ong will go either to the Tender-
loin or the West 152d street station, where
there are vacancies.

3 WOMEN HUURT IN A RUNAWAY,
Horse Dashes Along (entral Park South
and Striies Trolley Car.

Mre. C, Maitland Connfeld of 635 Park
avenue, Mre. J. H. Wheeler of 635 Park

 

House, where he took charge of the case.
Asa result of his examination of the patient
a medical consultation was called. It was
attended by Dr. Lambert, Surgeon-General
Rixey and Surgeons Kennedy, Braisted
and Pryor of th? navy
Dr. Lambert on his arrival found that
Archie was dangerously ill. At 9 o'clock 2,000
units of antitoxin, a severe dose for a boy
of his years, were administered and Archie
apparently rallied. It was rumored that
hansom owned and driven by John Per-
{ king and ordered him to drive to Fifth
| avenue and then to 635 Park avenue. In
| front of 250 West Fifty-ninth street Per-
kins’s horse got frightened at a fire engine
and bolted. The screams of the women at-
| tracted several policemen, but they were
| unable to stop the horse. At the corner of
| Fifth avenue a car blocked the way. e
horse did not slacken speed but dashed into
the rear platform. The hansom was over-
| turned and the ocoupants thrown to the
; pavement. -
| The crash of the horse against the rear
| platform of the car
| James Clark and cai the passengers
! to make a acramble for the pavement.
Mrs. Wheoler and Mrs. Delaney were un-
hurt save for a few bruises, but Mrs. Conn-
| feld was stunned, Dr Luttov was sum-
| moned from Flower Hospital. After being
| treated she was sent home in another han-
!aom. The cab was smashed and the horse
| go badly cut that it was killed.

M famines use, as» food drink, posed of
tm ere milk, Horlick's Malted Milk, original aad
aw genuine. Always rellabie. nut Ade.

 

SEABOARD FLORIDA LIMITED LEAVES

nM. tadire sige Bvsy or aay >. BA ofoea™

oe al
Dt ili ak hw 5 thas

 

THE PRESIDENT’S YOUNG SON HAS

injured Conductor |

YAY. MARCH 8, 1907.—covvrone. 1907,

|
{
|
!

 

 

'

  
  

 

 

 

{GREE OVER THE FAR EAST.

 

Arrangement Between Russia, France,
Britain and Japan Reported.
Special Cailé Dospatch to THK Sun,

Paris, March 7.—A St. Petersburg de-

spatch says that an agreement between |

Russia, France, Great Britain and Japan

| regarding the Far East is definitely assured,

Thanks chiefly to King Edward's initia-

 

tive, an Anglo-Russian entente is now
definitive.
UNITENG AGAINST NICARAGE A,

 

Prospect of a Coalition Welcomed In Wash-
ington, as it Would Merce Peace,

WASHINGTON, March 7.—The Ministers
from Nicaragua, Costa Rica and other
Central American countries were callers
at the State Department to-day. They
had little news from their home Gov-
ernments and anxiously inquired for State
Department despatches throwing light
on the war situation in the south.

The prospect of an anti-Nicaragua coeli-
tion is growing, and it is rather welcomed
here than otherwise. Should all her neigh-
bors combine against her, jt is believed
that Nicaragua will make a proposal of
settlement.

SULTAN KEEN FOR JUSTICE,

And Germany Needn't Have Been impolite
in Demanding Fehim WPasha’s Exile.
Special Cable Despatch ta TRE SUN.

Lonpon, March &.--The Daily Mail gives
prominence to an interview with the Sultan
of Turkey, who, responding to congratula-
tions on his apparent good health, said that
he was exceedingly well, that he never felt
better.

He expressed a wish for the continuance
and the increase of the old bonds of friend-
ship between Great Britain and Turkey
and said be would always do his utmost to
foster them. He alluded to the case of
Fehimn Pasha, formerly chief of the secret
police, who was exiled at the demand of
the German Ambassador, in a manner
showing that he felt there had been some
disregard of etiquette and an infringement
of his personal dignity in the matter inas-
much as it had been pressed upon his per-
sonal attention, although it was purely
Turkey's internal concern. He seemed to
regard as monstrous that the idea should
exist that he would shield an offender He
said:

“It is nothing more than my plain duty
to see justice done. Even if it were my
own son I would see justice done.”

The correspondent remarks that in this
case his Majesty tempered justice with
mercy, and adda:

“Nor is this to be wondered at ina monarch
who has never yet been known to sign a
death warrant.”

The interviewer says that contrary to
the general belief the Sultan's interest
in the outside world is exceedingly keen
and varied. When conversing with politi-
cians he reverts to the rivalries of nations,
and their latest doings interest him keenly.
The writer particularly mentions Japan,
Russia and the United States. His Majesty
has always entertained a kindly feeling for
Jews. He believes they are destined to
play a great part in the world. He has
even greater faith in the future of his own
countrymen, particularly if they remain
true to the precepts of the Koran. The
correspondent describes Abdul Hamid as
the most popular Sultan with the Turks since
Mahmud II. The passport to his regard is
not wealth and position, but good will and
proven service to himself and the country.

MAY BE PATON’S MURDERERS,

Robbers of a Laundry man Caught tn Fiat-
bush Last Night.

Patrolman Bernard S. Bennett of the
Snyder avenue station, Flatbush, arrested
two young men last night and it is believed
that they may know something about the
murder of Chester S. Paton, the laundry-
man of 109 Nassau avenue, Greenpoint,
who was shot and killed at Laurel Hill,
Long Island City, on the night of February
26 last. Paton was driving along near
Calvary Cemetery when some one shot
and killed him and then robbed him.

George Kennifith, a laundryman of 208
Nassau street, was out with his horse and
wagon collecting laundry and money.
While in front of 1141 East Thirty-seventh
street, Flatbush, at 6:40 o'clock last night,
two men jumped on the wagon, and while
one pointed a revolver at him the other
went through his clothes, stealing about
$26 in cash. Then they jumped from the
wagon and ran away toward Nostrand
avenue.

Patrolman Bennett, who was near the
scene, saw what had taken placo and im-
mediately gave chase. The two men
went into a saloon at Nostrand avenue
and Avenue S. Bennett dashed in and
placed them under arrest. They denied
all knowledge of the affair, but the patrol-
man took them to the Snyder avenue station,
where they were searched. Nothing of
an incriminating character could be found
on them, not even any money.

Bennett waa positive that he had the
right men and he made them strip. They
said they were Charles Johnson, 19 years
old, of 355 Pearl street and Edward Stevens,
18 years old, of the same address. When
the men had been stripped Bennett,in the
presence of other patroimen, discovered
$24.35 in one of Stevens's shoes. The men
denied that they had a revolver. Patrol-
man Bennett went back over the scene
of the chase and in the saloon where the
patrolman had arrested the two men he
found the revolver in a closet.

Kennifith identified the men as his assail-
ante

The police say that the highway robbery
last night was similar to that of Paton, with
the exception that Mr. Kennifith was not
shot. The fact that the two men had a re-
volver showed that they were desperate
and would probably have used it in case |
Mr. Kennifith had put up a fight. The two
men have been living in a cheap lodging
house.

A MOLASSESLESS BOSTON

If It Doesn't Get Warm Enough to Pump
Out a Steamer Full of it.
Boston, March 7.—There is apt to be a
shortage in molasses in Boston unless there ,
is a break in the cold weather very soon.
The British tank steamer Russian Prince
arrived here a week ago to-day from
Havana with 750,000 gallons of molasses,
and ever since she has been tied up at a |
dock awaiting a spell of warm wrather.
The severe cold has congealed the Russian
Prince’s cargo to such an extent that the
pumps are unable to work it out °

Try Gold & Black Label 1, 2 & 3 Crown Sherries |
of A, K, Ruiz & Hermanos, Jefez. Spain. Ade. |

Le
HAAN'S RESTAURANT & RATHSKELLER '

 

 

 

 

rk Row Hidg., opp. Post Office. Refined |
entahens tor Wied Usctees or a. Music, |
~~ nat

“eed 2 eat lea y eatin a. ee ee

   

= as en Rea

by The Sur

  

    

_

  

; ;
\ ’

 

Printing and Publishing Association.

 

  

_————

 

"0s". | GEORGE W. PERKINS REPAYS.

_~—----—-—

TURNS OVER TO NEW YORK LIFE
CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTION,

 

Sends to Company His Check for 854,000

to Cever the Gift to the Reputiican
I Committee Pius Interest—Was Guided
by the Court of Appeals Ruling.

| George W. Perkins has paid into the |

| treasury of the New York Life, with in-
| terest, the $48,500 which he paid to Cor-
nelius N. Bliss, treasurer of the Republican
national committee, in the 1904 campaign.
This letter written by Mr. Perkins to
President Orr of the New York Life on
last Wednesday was made public yesterday:
Dear Sir: In 1004, at the request of thethen
president of the company, I advanced $48,500
asa payment on behalf of the New York Life
Insurance Company to the Republican na-
tional campaign committee. 1 did this with
the understanding with the president that I
should be reimbursed by the company. Sub-
sequently 1 was so reimbursed. The pay-
ment was made without any thought on the

 

 

advantage, but solely in the belief that it was
for the best and broadest interests of the
policyholders both at home and abroad,

In dismissing the criminal proceedings
instituted against me for accepting reim-
bursement the courts have intimated that
the payments and therefore the reimburse-
ment Was not for a proper corporate purpose.
I therefore return to the company the amount
of money paid by it to me, enclosing herewith
my check for $54,019.19 to cover principal and
interest. Very truly yours,

Grorcr W. Perkins.

The opinion of the Court of Appeals
said:

The company had not the right under the
law of its existence to agree to make con-

un.

part of the president or myself of personal |

STILL

ANTI-~J APANESE,

 

Bit Exctoding Them Prom Puttte Schools
Reported tn California.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 7.~—The Ju-
diciary Committee of the California Senate
has reported favorably the bill forbidding
| Japenese more than 10 years oid to attend
} the primary grade of any public school.
| The bill is framed in general terms, but is
, Aimed at the Japanese. The measure pro-
vides for separate schools for Orientals.

 

NEW CANAL COMMISSION,

Civ Bngineer Rosseau to Socceed Rear
Admiral Endicott.
WasuINGTON, March 7.—Civil Engineer
Harry H. Roseeau of the navy, the new

 

 

|

chief of the Burean of Yards and Docks |

and the youngest man in the naval service
to have the rank of Rear Admiral, will be

Commission, to succeed Rear Admiral M.

T. Endicott, another civil engineer of the |

| appointed a member of the Panama Canal
|

navy and formerly chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks.

The other members of the commission
| will be Lieut.-Col, George W. Goethals,
| Engineer Corps, U. S. A., chairman and
! chief engineer; Majors David T. Gaillard

 

j and William 1. Sibert, Engineer Corps,
| U. 8. A.; Col. William C. Gorgas, Medical
Department, U. 8. A.; J. C. 8. Blackburn of
Kentucky and Jackson Smith. Col. Gorgas
and Mr. Smith are mer..ers of the present
commission.

CONNOLLY OUT OF THE NAVY.

Enlisted as a Second ¢ Yeoman to Gct
Material for Stories of the Service.
Wasuinoton. March 7.--James B. Con-
nolly, the author of sea tales, who enlisted
in the navy as a second class yeoman about
the first of the year so that he might get
| material for stories of the American naval

 

 

ita charter, but it had capacity to make agree- | Connolly and the Navy Department that

Sn

ments if not prohibited or inherently wicked.
Its act would affect the interests of those
concerned with the conduct of the corporate
business and effect a private wrong, but it
would not be a public offence or illegal inthe
sense of violating any public interest.

Some persons who heard yesterday of
therepayment of the $48,500 by Mr. Perkins
said that the importance of this part of the
Court of Appeals decision had not been
generally appreciated. The New York
Life made contributions amounting to
$100,000 to the Republican national com-
mittee besides the amount contributed
through Mr. Perkins in 1004, and if the
giving of the money in one instance was
beyond the chartered purposes of the
corporation then it was in the others also.
The Fowler investigating committee recom-
mended suits to recover this money many
months ago, but so far as is known no
action has been begun.

In the case of the Mutual suits have
been begun against the elder McCurdy
and former Vice-Presidents Gillette and
Granniss to recover campaign contribu-
tions amounting to several hundred thou-
gands of dollars. In the Equitable also
Julius M. Mayer began a suit for an ac-
counting against the directors.

NO WORE DAKOTA DIVORCES,

Legisiature Passes Bill Making a Year's
Residence and Persona! Service Mandatory .

Prerre, 8S. D., March 7.—It ia estimated
four-fifths of the “transitofy divorce”
business of this State has been killed by a
law just passed by both houses of the
Legislature.

The new law requires one years residence,
leaving Idaho the only State in the Union
with a six months law. All hearings must
be public and personal service must be
secured.

The adverse report on the bill of the
Senate committee raised a storm of pro-
tests and charges of mercenary motives,
and the lawmakers changed their attitude.
Opponents of the measure got an amend-
ment that where both parties come to the
State and agree on a separation six months
residence will suffice.

WENT TO PETERS FOR LICENSES,

Frutt Pedlers Charge That They Were Asked
to Pay 10 to Independence I eague Club.

Morris Chotifsky of 174 McKibbin street
and Meyer Cohen of 05 Gerry street, both
Brooklyn fruit stand pedlers, made affida-
vits before a notary yesterday to the effect
that they had gone to Alderman Henry
Clay Peters of the Forty-ninth district
to see about getting licenses to peddle at
stands which they expected to open. They
awore that Peters gave them his card with
the address of the Independence League
Club at 74 Lee avenue written on the back
and directed them to call at the club the
next day and their licenses would be ready
for them. They called and say Peters
introduced them to a man etyled presi-
dent of the club. This man, so the pedlers
say, told them that they would have to
join the club and pay,
their licenses could verqnennene,

Alderman Peters denied yesterday that
he had any knowledge of an attempt to
squeeze the two pedlers by forcing mem-
bership in the Independence League Club
upon them with a $10 initiation fee. All
matters of licenses he had tacitly left in
the hands of the club, he said, and it must
have been that President Charles Mauer,
to whom he had introduced the two pedlers,
had asked them concerning their ability
to pay the amount of their licenses, not that
they should join the club at a
fee. The Alderman said that a
been worked up against him by a
newspaper.

 

 

10 apiece before |

he might leave the service before his two |

' he would call no more witnesses indicates

' is understood that when Mr. Delmas has
| announeed
| Jerome will announce that his witnesses

part. Mr. Jerome will undoubtedly ask for
| & postponement until Monday.

 

ee ee

=e
PRICE TWO CENTS...

NOMORE WITNESSES FOR THAW

HIS LAWYERS ANNOUNCE THAT
THEIR CASE I8 ALU IN,

 

       

 

 

Jerome WH Ask Teday for an Adjourn
ment Unt! Monday —Win Then Produce
Evidence In Mebuttal te Show That
Thaw Was Sane —Odd Letter Given Gut,

When the trial of Harry K. Thaw is re-
sumed this morning Delphin M. Delmas,
chief of counsel for Thaw, will announce
that no more witnesses will becalled by the
defence. Word to that effect was served
on District Attorney Jerome yesterday
afternoon. It was the intention of the

Thaw lawyers to keep this unexpected —

move a sceret, but one of them let out the
news.

If Mr. Jerome's wishes are upheld by
Justice FitzGerald there will be anothe,
adjournment of the trial this morning. It

that the defence rests Mr.

in rebuttal are not ready, as he had ek+
pected that two experts would be called
by the defence and a long hypothetieal
question read to them ‘

Mr. Delmas’s action in serving notice on
Mr. Jerome late yesterday afternoon that

that he will! fight any delay on Mr. Jeroma’ay

With the announcement that the de

' fence’s case is closed cll questions of a
lunacy commission to decide whether or ~~

, ' not Thaw is now cane disappeared. From
tributions for political campaigns any more | service, has been honorably discharged. ,
than to agree to do other things foreian to | There was an understanding between Mr. |

now it will be the aim of the proseoution
to fight for nothing but a conviction. There

| may be some surprises in the testimony

| years enlistment period had expired. He |

| enlisted at the suggestion of President
| Roosevelt, who thought that the author
| might do for the American Navy what
Rudyard Kipling did for the British Navy.
The failure of Mr. Connolly was due to the

fact that his identity became known to his -

shipmates on the battleship Alabama.
They refused to fraternize with him and
it was impossible for him to go ahead with
his work under such circumstanoes. Mr.
Connolly intended to remain unknown to
the jackies with whom he was serving.

 

MORELAND RETAINS WIS SEAT.

Assembly Unanimously Declares That the
Contest Waa Without Foundation.

AupaXy, March 7.—That there is no cloud
upon Mr. Moreland’s title to his seat in the
Assembly as a member from Chemung
county was announced to-day. The Com-
mittee on Priviloges and Elections unani-
mously decided that the contest made by
John Deneen, Mr. Moreland’s Democratic
opponent, was without foundation. It was
shown that instead of Mr. Deneen having
suffered by reason of the voting machines
not working properly in Elmira Mr. More-
land had been the bigger loser.

The report of the committee was unani-
mously adopted by the Assembly and the
Democrats showed their pleasure in the re-
port of the committee, for although Mr.
Moreland is majority leader, his uniform
courtesy and his desire to be fair to every-
body have won for him many friends.

 

FIRE IN SING SING PRISON,

Cabinet Shop Destroyed and the Institution
Kept to Derkness for a Time.

O8sINING, March 7.—The cabinet shop
inside the walls of Sing Sing prison was
destroyed by fire to-night. When the blaze
was discovered by a watchman Principal
Keeper Connaughton turned out at once
the prison fire department, which is com-
posed of trusties. On account of low water
pressure the volunteers could do nothing
with the fire and the Ossining department
was called on. After a hard fight the fire-
men kept the fire within the building in
which it started.

While the fire was at its height the
dynamos in a building near by were shut
off and the entire prison was left in dark-
ness fora few minutes. The loss is estimated
at $25,000.

INDICT BAY STATE LEGISLATOR,

Charged With Taking a Hribe to Affect the
Shoe Machinery Bill.

Boston, March 7.-—Representative 8.
John Lamoreaux, a young North Adams
lawyer, surrendered himself this afternoon
to the District Attorney on a secret indict-
ment returned yesterday charging him
with “corruptly requesting and accepting
a gratuity.” He was taken before Judge
Brown in the Superior Court, and after
pleading not guilty was released upon
furnishing $2,000 bail.

The indictment charges that Lamoreaux
received $180 from William McMasters,
publisher of a weekly paper, upon a
promise to influence two members of the
Judiciary Committee to vote against re-

 

 

 

| turning a bill aimed at the United Shoe
| Machinery Company.

Lamoreaux accepted three marked bills,
and two detectives and a sienographer

$10 initiation | conceated in an adjoining room listened
lot had |
Brooklyn | mitted the next day that he had taken the

to the confab. The young legislator ad-

money, but said it was as a retainer for a

The president of the club denied that |
he had asked the two fruit pediers for a $10 |
contingent fee. Beyond that denial he
had nothing to aay.

FORTY DRIVEN OUT hY
Mrs. Suilivan Nearly Knecked Of a Fire

lawyer friend.

FEATHENSON PUTS UP SHANNON

FIRE, | Awainst Charies F. Murphy's Leader, Fraw-
ley, In the Twenty-eixth,

H , William N. Shannon, who has for several

Eacape by Stream of Water. years been Maurice Featherson’s right hand

About forty people, most of them wear- | man in the political affairs of the Twentieth

ing only their night clothes, escaped by | district, has moved into the Twenty-sixth

fire escapes and the roof from the five | district for the express purpose, it was

 

 

| story tenement house at 8€3 Pearl street | announced last night, of making a fight for
| late last wig.

oe Sn : ae three upper floors | the Tammany leadership of the district
z against Senator James J. Frawley
Mrs. Nora Sullivan, a_ fat, jolly Irish .
woman, was ranting down a Ara "escape | Featherson is now organizing the fight to
ladder when a stream of water that had | te made against Charles F. Murphy by
come clean through the house struck her ; Mayor MoClellan’s friends at the next
and nearly knocked her off, primary election and has already begun to
. : . | select the men he will put up in each district
THINKS UWE HAS WALKER, against the Murphy leaders. Mr. Shannon
Vinkerton Agent Meports That He Has | is one of these. He is associated in business
Located Abvsconding Banker. | with Mr. Featherson and was Deputy Com-
San FRANCISCO, March 7.—A Pinkerton missioner of Highways in the Van Wyck
agent announced this afternoon that he

administration.
had Incated William H. Walker, the ab- | ~ mr
eoonding New Britain, Conn., beaker, as | 0° ™™ so Be Tem Bows.

; Mrs. Henry Gileey has leased the
Stockton, Cal. property
The main office of the Pinkertonagency | 4° ave eS — <j mmoaguar end
ia dubious about Walker being found, and ——— - aos o of swenty-

takes little stock in the story. rental of

made the higubat temousnsage

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

in rebuttal by the prosecution One thing
is certain; the District
does not believe that enough evidenoe has
been produced by the defence to show that!
Thaw was insane on the night he’ killed
Stanford White, and that is the only ques
tion now at issue

It was clear that nobody was more eur-
prised than District Attorney Jerome
when he got word that the defence would
rest thie morning, Lawyer Henry Clay
McPike, who is closer to Mr. Delmas than
any of the other Thaw lawyers, called at
the District Attorney's office about 4 o'oloék
in the efternoon After a brief talk with
Mr. Jerome Mr. McPike left. What Mr.
McPike brought to Mr. Jerome was a
written statement from Mr. Delmas that
no more witnesses would be called to-day.
Thet was learned later.

When Mr. MecPike left Mr. Jerome's
office he was questioned by the reporters
about his visit He said thet the visit
concerned the Thaw case and assured
everybody that Mr. Delmas had been work-
ing all day, just taking time for lunch,
over the long hypothetical question which
Mr. Delmas was going to submit to the
experts to-day.

Then Mr. MePike journeyod over to
the Tombs with a message from Mr. Delmas
to Thaw that no more witnesses would be
called. It was the first word Thaw had
received on thie subject. The decision
was arrived at by Mr. Delmas, who, it is
understood, did not consult the other Thaw
lawyers. If they were consulted they
pretended to know nothing about it.

Mr. Delmas will make no

of the sudden change in the plan of the
defence. Two alienists, Dre. Graeme M,
Hammond and 8. E. Jelliffe, were to have
been asked this morning to answer a long
hypothetical question. These two doctors
have been something of an expense to
the defence. It is said that one of them
got a retainer of $5,000. They have been
in court for several days, but outside of

that they have done nothing except pos» —

sibly advise Mr. Delmas.
When court adjourned on Wednesday
it was the understanding that the two ex-

perts would be called to-day. Over night |

Mr. Delmas changed his mind, He fs
said to have decided that Mrs. William
Thaw was logically the last witness
the defence. Mr. Delmas has great
fidence in the sentimental effect
mony of the mother of the defendant
on the jury. Having satisfied his mind
on that point he at once decided that he
would not call any more witnesses,

While Mr. Delmas was notifying Mr.
Jerome that he needn't worry about

7

‘

a

tioning two experts to-day, Lawyer a

W. Hartridge was having a long conference
with Mrs. William Thaw at the Lorraine,
Mrs. Thaw went to the Tombe at 12340
o'clock and talked with her son for mote

than an hour, Then she went back to |

the Lorraine and summoned Mr,

mind over the fact that she was not
lowed on Wednesday to testify on the
tion of hereditary insanity the
family. She went on the
that she would be allowed
subject. It was not her
that there was a tenden
the Thaw blood. She
the statements made in
trial that members of
have been in insane
there was a streak of insanity
Mrs. Thaw has not been pleased
etatements.

Her first impulse yesterday
it is eald, was to convince the

e

5
a

i

g
F
8
F

E

4
s
5

E
it

fe
ie
ge

4

é

i

F

pot
g e
Fence

for nearly three hours. It is said that
session was not a very pleasant one for
He denied, however, that Mrs. Thaw was
dissatisfied because she had not been allowed
to testify as she wished.

Immediately after Mr. Jerome was
formed by Mr. Delmas that the experts,
would not be called to-day there was a good
deal of activity around the District At-
torney’s office. Mr. Jerome summoned
his assistant, Francis P. Garvan, who has
had charge of the preparation of the Thaw
case, and then they called into consultation
Assistant District Attorney Nott, who has
not had anything to do with the case before.
The three had a long conference.

It is almost certain that no further attempt

Fg

7

 

Attorney's office’

 

Mrs. Thaw was in no pleasant frame of —

 

aa

an

BS

‘a
a
y

on

og

w)
hd

a

rh

 

q
a

f

oot |