AMERICAN WOMEN
TURN TOY MAKERS. |

ne

ae a a

, What a group of mothers and child lovers |
is doing to fill Santa's war
depleted pack.

TOLD IN NEXT
Pama ae «an - —_a

VOL.

HIT CITY HARD;

TIEUPTRAFFIC

From Hatteras and!

 

Come
reat Lakes With Snow
and Gales.

 

ho RELIEF IN SIGHT,

LXXXIIL—NO. 105.

TWOBIGSTORMS |

SUNDAY'S SUN.

 

re =

+++

20 INJURED BY A TRAIN. |

'HUGHES TALK STILL 'T0 KEEP OUR FLAG
ON THE PACIFIC.

 

Hlinded By Storm, They
Croas Tracks,

Wort Jervis, N. ¥., Dee. 13.—The Buf-
falo-New York express on the Prie Rail-
road struck a group of passengers at the
Otlavilie station at 6 o'clock to-night and
hurled twenty of them into the snow
bank. The most seriously injured were
brought to this city for treatment in 8t.
Francis Hospital.

They include Dr. Robert J. Wilson, 549
Riverside Drive, New York, an official of
the New York Department of Health;
Mrs. J. J. Crane, wife of the euperintend-
ent of the Tubercular Sanitarium at Otis-
ville; Mrs, Charles H. Moore of Otisville,
Mrs. Anna Moore of Otisville, William
Roberts of Otisville and Jacob Hauber of
Port Jervis. ’

The injured persons were passengers
on train No, 179, which left New York

1:16 and was late in reaching Otia-

SAYS WEATHER MAN vine, The express train from Buffalo,

 

Fetherston Unable to Mus-)
ter Enough Street Cleaners|
—Horses Suffer Much, |

 

a

The phenomenal antamna storm blocked
the national forecast from Washington
by more than an hour, At 18:30 P, M. |
it came throngh, It prophesies snow for
thie day, followed by clearing skios,
it may be colder to-night. To-morrow
should be fair, with northwesterly gules,
diminishing In the afternoon or evening.

\ greet big storm, located off Cape
Hatterag on Sunday afternoon, entered
into a conspiracy with another storm
hen located over the great lakes, and
~ they fixed up a plot to descend

|

 

 

&
ai ' ‘elr united violence and see
just ‘ uncomfortable they could make
sew York city yesterday and last night.
The nade all the arrangements be-
and and then in concerted action
piled down upon this town early in

the ning Working hand in hand}

ivled eurveuts of wind, whieh blew |

 

sixty-two uitfes an hour; they
dropped snow and then so that things}
would thorougoly uncomfortable un-|
aertoot, they followed that up with tor-|
rain, and then resorted again}
i
io anow,

The effurts bave won tor the storm al
inothe Weather Bureau records as

toe Worst late autumn storm on record,
for winter does not bein officially unt |
Lecember 22. Worse tian all, at mid-|
act tne Weather Bureau held out no!
novuragement for fulr weather to-day
soun, The snowfall a that time was

a trifle over three ir ysut by morning

    

 

 

    

« Weather Kure rps thought it
Would be at leuet six in =

The combination—snow first, then!
rain, then snow—drenched the town fr
heavy, soggy uncomfortable slush, made
waiking difficult and unpleasant, [m-
peded trattie, interfered with the sub-
way, cansed numerous accidents ane
blocks. ‘The suburbs sutfered w e than
t greater city, except possil from
etush.

Blows 55 Miles an Hour.

The wind at midnixit was forty-five
miles an hour, with frequent gusts, when
it blew fifty-five miles It caine from
"he northwest. The coulition of the two

its centre over the
ty at 5 o'clock in the afternoon, and
twas then the wind attained its great.
eat velocity—sixty-two miles an hour
The storm swept the Atlantic coast
nm Virginia to Maine, and reached jn-
i for ral hundred miles. Teles!
telegraph lines through the!
| suffered severely because of the
t of which bent them
ined by this weight, the high
bied ther over easily, The
® s ta hard time of it.
Cleaning Commissioner
“thorstor sued a eall for his
early in the after-
ditteulty in rounding
called for 42,000
to be divided into
but his first call only
The Commissioner
to the police to ald)
s men on his lists out
mies
“ ith n
beats Ww

the

great storms passed

 

sey

 

  

«

 
 

Joho

ins

 

emen, a iny addresses
th instructions
men At 8
ssioner dit not have
itt, but he put
if work, augmented by regular

of his departinent, They cone
heir efforts the main crossings
traffic. The heavy
shovelling unusually
would throw a
‘agon and more than
from his shovel, It

meal
their
persona
e Comm

one full s

to
’ hief lines of
w

mat

  

Th his staff ex-

wll night, but
ndications were that
es time for the town to go
orning not much tmpres-
le on the snowfall, |

and
1 @ on the job

   

elor ebeeny

|
Tlorses suffer Intensely, |

rT és, upo whom every suchi
ed intensely
ed hard, and}
led ! the oozyv
*o the faces
of them
their temper

iardest, iffe
The wagons pu
turns skide
wet cole, driving
#, made muatiy
they ven
male
police stations were besieged
truck drivers who had lost
1 te; Most of ther eure
‘long the rivers Tn tieéarly
e trucks were located, but
still lost at midnight
« at the Brooklyn Bridge had
during the homeward
the rulils caused
the Brook-
s tuxed to
{extra pussengers to handle,
bridge slow, d
e the troller cars. Un
iused a general slowing
iiway, and there were three,
t wn due to short circuits,

sleet |

ted

née

   

vas

 
 

the accidents was caused by
roof near the
xanga tried to
without turn-
the bridge
Was at 6 o'clock,

rush

the subway
Bridge. Repats
eould not
" the ower between
treet, This
lit of the
trouble oc

5 o'clock
track, when
of a train
movement
display,

urred at
local

shoes

rthbound
contact

slightest

trical

The
brilliant elec
6 ere of sparks and explosions. The
without the par-

becoming unduly frightened,
ne wo A. L. Merritt, superin- |
rat of traffic, the local northbound |

were held up for about twenty |
oi while an attempt was made |
trouble At fi o'clock, how- |
® northbound express trains be-
ffected at about the same spot
bably from the same cause. It
ded to eut off the power at the
* shen which controls that part of
tie subway between Brooklyn Bridge

Continued on Last Page,

   

'r wos unloaded
' ra

i the

, to the distress,
izene, hundreds of whom commute daily, |

 

cominuter

Was

set

in New York at 7:16, was also
late, due to the flerce snowstorm. It
had a massive plough attached to the
locomotive and it is believed that the
snow thrown about by the plough blinded
the engineer, B. F. Quick of Port Jervis,
The persons injured were making their
Way across the tracks to the atation
when the express train struck thean,

GREENWICH ALL DARK:
STORM SNAPS WIRES

New Haven Road's Feeder to
Town Breaks, Marooning
Commuters Too,

 

 

 

 

GREENWICH, Conn,, Dec. 13.—-The town |
of # billion and a half of wealth and!

the home of tnany of New York's finan-

ciers to-night is {n darkness, scarcely a/
and!

flicker of light being discernible,
prospects of getting Wlumination before
dawn being exceedingly dublous, To add
many of the towa'’s clt-

are marooned somewhere between here
and New York, a high tension wire of
the New York, New Haven and Hartford

Railroad which supplies the town with
électricity at this point having broken
at 6:15 o'clock,

Few kerosene lamps could be found
when darkness overspread the place. Can-
des are } quantities
by local grocers and the limited supply
sold at 25 cents and 50 cents each uti
exhausted ven this story is being
written by match light, one man hold-
ing the burning sticks while a second
works a typewrit Strangely enough,
Greenwich fe the only
tion without gas mains.

15 MILES IN 9 HOURS.

Petham ¢
Site

 
    

    

the hee

   

 

 

moter Gets Home at
A. Mim—Left City at 5:40.

\ commuter who had travelied fifteen
miles from the city, to his home tn Pel-
ham, over the Ne

 

 
   

 

 

 

  

the Grand Central at 3:40 PLM. vester-
ldaw, telenteret Termes ort pers
nev fo say tha @ had just arrived
Is His train had been left standing
t Waketield, wit the New York elt
mits Pomore than six hours, he said
e New Haven coummutera were Ihe
nt Decouse they had been allowed
te entra tothe tirand Central after
the e@leetr service on the New Haven
Was disabled. ar then had been left in
trains standing along the tracks until
early this morning Tin Sun's "
formant said that after the Jong wuit
only one steam eng imme to the res.
eue and begar he ow K of iwauling out
the trains one ata tin
Stalled trains stood close all along
the New Haven road from «rand Cer
tral to Wakefield and be 1, and
Was impossible to tell when the last

would get to his

home

Ll. Ss. Appraisers Debate the Quen. |
tlon All Day.

OMAHA, Neb, Tee, 13.—An all day's

session of the Beard of United States

General Appraisers, with President Jerry
B. Sullivan of New York {fn the chair,
heid. here to-day to determine
whether or not a spade is a shovel
Each side in the controversy was rep-
resented by several lawyers and a full
of court reporters

Stenographers and newspaper men, as
well as Many witnesses, were present.
At the close of the hearing President
Sullivan started on his return to
York with a big hatch of shovels
spades The law places ai tariff on
shovels, but not spades, the latter
being exempted because they
cultural implements.

eens

FEATHER SMUGGLERS

   
  

on

PAY U. $. $111,000

 

Sciama & Co, Settle Suits for
$2,501,000 Duties and

 

Penalties.
}
Sclama & Ca, Importers of ostrich |
feathers at 49 East Kighth atreet, paid
$111,000 to the Vreasury Department

yesterday in settiernent of the civil sulte
tiled by “the Government as the result
of the undervaluation of more than $2,-
000,000 worth of ostrich feathers im-
ported by the firm in ten yeare,
aggregate damages asked were $2,501,-
aon 1 discontinuance involved
of the largest payments ever made in a
similar case

After the settlement Eli Neumann, at-

 

 

 

torney for George Silva, secretary,
treasurer and general manager of Sel-
ama & Co, informed Judge Jullue M
Mayer of the United States District

Court that Silva would appear to-day
to change hie plea of not gullty to the

indictments charging him with = cue-
toms fraud In connection with the un-
dervaluation of feathers, Silva, ac-

cording to his attorney, intended also to

change his plea of not guilty to the

charge of defrauding the Government of

about $5,000 in Internal revenue taxes
by understating the ikcome of his com-
pany.

Silva, according to Assistant
States Attorney
is alyo under

Charles |, Stager,
to furnish Sclama & Co, with Informa-

United

indictment for

tion from the books of the Custom)
House concerning the business of other!
importers, Stager was found guilty last |

April of accepting the bribes,

Silva's codefendant In the custome, tn-
ternal revenue and bribery charges ia
Henry Blumenfeld-Sciama, head of the
Boviete Anonyme Sciama of Paris, the
parent concern of Sciama & Co, Blu-
menfeld-Sciama is in Paris,

Try to)

 

fof Ohlo are heard most frequently on the

town in the sec-|¢.. 4,

Havan road, leaving | vention ahead two weeks,

 

New |
and,

are agri- ,

The! j
jon which to make their tight, \
|

one}

 

Frank E, Carstarphen, |
bribing |
a customs examiner, ,

 

-

‘YORK,

NEW TUESDAY,

BOTHERS THEG. 0. P.

National Committee's Drift to| International Corporation Gets

Him Based Only on De- Rest of Pacific Mail's
sire for Victory. Fleet.

 

 

 

 

EARLY Co

  

YENTIO

 

RU

[VEN SHTPS PURCHASED

 

 

{
It May Be Held June 7 to Get Deal Will Enable New Com-
the Jump on the Dem- | pany to Extend Ameri-
ocrats. can Trade.

 

 

Wartrnaton, Dec. 12.-—On the eve of
the meeting cf the Republican National The likelihood that the vant of the few
Committes there ia no doubt of the| remaining vessels on the Pacific coast
strong and widespread sentiment among | fying the American flag would be driven
the party leaders in favor of the nomina-! from the seas by the provisions of the
tion of Justice Hughes for President,; seamen’s bill was removed yesterday,
That fact together with the spirit of con- | when it was announced that the Amert-
fidence in a Republican victory ts the International Corporation had pur-
most notable feature of the gathering of | Chased the seven remaining vervels of
the Republican chiefs. on Pacific Mal; Steamship Company.

So pronounced did the talk in favor of | The price paid wae $1,250,000, the pur-
Justice Hughes become to-day that old! chase being effected Jointly by the
time party leaders who are personally | American International Corporation and
opposed to the Hughes movement ad-| W. R. Grace @ Co,, who already have
mitted that ft may be difficult to prevent | @ line plying between Chile and Pacific
® complete swing to him. ports of the United States. The an-

While most of the leaders acknowledge | nouncement made yesterday afternoon
in advance that Hughes wonld be a &t the offices of the American Interna-
poor party man and that for political
reasons they would prefer to see some
other Republican in the White Houre |
the, come back finally to the statement

ean

president, said in part:
“The vessels just purchased were en-
gaged chiefly in the Central American

that the Justice possesses more elements trade. The breaking up of this fleet
Of strength than any other man in sight would have taken from the Central
and that the Republican party would be) American ports of the west coast all
| cectain of victory with him heading the | shipping accommodations, and would

ticket.
‘lations between our Pacific and

| this part of Central America.

ports

The Only Consideration,

 

That ix the consideration and the only “Since the organization of the Ameri-
consideration on which nine of ten com- ©4n International Corporation appeals
mitteemen base thetr preference have: been made to it to take up the

 

“We know we can win with Hughes.” Situation, especially with a view of sav-
they say, “and that's the one thing we !e, if possible, the shipping service be-
want to be certain about this time.” tween Pucifle ports and the west coast

While nearly all the committeemen of Central America. The San Francisco

have their local preferences, yet if these Chamber of Commerce and the business

are disregarded they come inevitably to Men of the coast, it was learned, have

the Hughes side | Drotested seriously against the breaking
Next to the Justice, the names of Elihu] up of the fleet.”

Root and ex-Senator Theodore Burton The vessels are the Aztec, City of

  

Para, Newport, Pennsyvivania, Peru, San
'

 

     

Hips of the committeemen Hurton al-| Jose and San Juan
ready has a strong organization, founded The American International Corpora.
on the support of the leaders in lis own tion is the $50,000,000 concern recently
State (formed by Frank A. Vanderlip, presi-
Luexpectedly strong support is found! dent of the National City Bank, who
toot among Western Republi- |!’ chariman of the new organizition. In
vans, but the question always raised in, securlog control of a tt ta ply he.
| his case is, “Could he be elected? Would) tween th» United States and South and

  
   
   

 

 

New York State give him her vote?” Central America the American Interna-
With the arrival here to-day of Will-| tional Corporation will be doing much

fam Barnes, Jr, of New York, ex-Sena-) of the work for which it was organized,

tor Murrey Crane of Massachusetts and namely “to promote and further Ameri-

other well known Republicans, a move- can trade wherever possibie

ment was started in favor of pushing The sale of the seven remaining ships

[the date of the Republican national con- of the Tacifie Mail practically disposes

of its tu bor

   

      
 

     

   

the exception

   
   

  

 

   

 

  

      

    
    

    

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

AVN TAT Boom Tias yet
te
tinan boom arrived in tow a ‘ ‘ . ‘ : ‘ ae " ie
fends CON GEHOF WEP * uft doser J no
ne tlonal niiiiteemen in he wait ca P Z 7 c
f the New Willard Hotel and indér tho soaiten chet che te 4
that the Governor com rolled ATantied a watt a cies
zation n New York State ane puRiness by dispar x of ‘ .
New York delegatio es Anat ob Ave wtae teamships to
nt £9 ‘ il th. liternat Mercantile Marine
eld a aiff Company for $5,250,000
edited esentatives { the a
ere S.stent
One story that was elreulate CUBA WILL INCREASE ARMY.
Republicans ecntised a lot of -
! ee Ww President Menocal Heeds Plea of
j ted to itt at e ¢ ' er
to-night by the National t. 8s. for I rednesa,
League at Which nanny Republicans ) Special Cable Despatch ta The &
RPORKE. | Havana, De 13 Washington sent
Gey Whitman replied, as the storys ti note to Cuba some time ago recom-
gees, that unless he could be put On the mend an reage in the at id
programme as one of the spe © nave mid etary Se} he
uld itlend. The mmittee de- American jegation visited the Secretary
cided they had too Many | of State to-day, With the resul t the
great men’ on t of speakers and jatter greseaited th matter at thi@ af-
so Gov, Wihotinan did not attend ternoon'a meeting of the Cabhine
President Me will send uw = mes-
& Denial by BRarnes, sage to the Cuban Congeress urging com-
William Barnes, Jr lenied published, PUance with the wehes of the United
reports that he had sald he was willing | States, While this {is only In aecord-
to have Col, Roosevelt named as one of | at with the action of the United States
the “Big Four from New York te the) in requesting all Pan-Americans to join!
national conventior Mr. Barnes sald: | in preparedness, ft is considered remark-
“l am not responsible for expressions able, as Cubas regular army of 10,000)
tnion exeept such as T make my- i@ already ten times that of the United
self he Republicans of New York | States army in preportion to the popula.
will take such action as see tht | ton
froin this time until the of the —
primary, April 4 What vheir action
Dirt ieee tee Oe te nas POSTMAN BRINGS CATHAY GOLD.
The report that Col. Roosevelt will eo .
is «# Republican delegate is regarded Queer Package, ¢ tnining Bar of
as absum), because by doing so he would Metal, 1 China.
lose the power of “trading” which he
now holds through maintaining the pem-; The postman delivered a registered |
nants of the Bull Moose organization Mindrical package wrapped in white
It was said to-night that it was vir- | linen af the Assay Office yesterday. It
tually certain that the convention would | bere the address, "United States Assay |
meet on June instead of In the latter (fice, New York A. Pine street,”
part of that month, thus preceding the; 4d Was a foot by Shy Inehes in

    

Democratic national convention by one. Uiatneter

week.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Superintendent Vernon M. Bovie’s office
Counter Stratery. There the outer covering M:
In advocating an early convention Hovie found under « cloth w section of
Republican leaders are moving to fore- bamboo, one end of which was closed by
stall what they believe is an attempt, @ Netural Joint in the wood. The other
by President Wilsen and the Demo-! *id was plugged with a close fitting
 opatic National Committee to deprive plex ® of wood and sealed
them of campaign thunder. They say The seal was broken, the plug ree
the meeting of the Democratic national moved, and after 4 quantity of fiprous
convention was set for June 14 so as, Material had been pulled out a small
to ussure agains! the Republicans hold-| bar of fine gold dropped from the eylin-

  

 

Ing thelr big gathering first jder, Tt was worth about $600 and hac
While it is the practice fer the party; been sent to the Assay Office from th

in power to hold Its convention first,| Shanghal, China, branch of the Guar

the Democrats are particularly anxious !}anty Trust Company of New York The |

| postage charge was 60 cents
Other gold imports amounting to $4.

to get the jump on the Republicans he-
cause they believe that by making their

declaration of principles first they will! 000,000 were recelved al the Assay Oftice
leave the Republicans nothing but the) yesterday, The Guaranty Trust Com-
tariff or the full dinner patil argument) pany brought in $1,000,000 tn franes, the

National Hank of Cuba deposited a simi-

 

Old Republican warhorses like Barnes | lar amount, and $2,000,000 in English
were quick to catch the point and to-|sovereigus was consigned to J. P. Mor-
day they were insisting on calling the} can & Co
big national gathering on June 7. Not | Fea ne
only will this permit the Republicans |
to take the leadership {n the matter ot; WOMAN TO GUARD BALLOT BOX
platform declarations tn favor of pre- sis ‘ _
mredness and other Issues now promie 2
pantis hefore the American people, but And She WII Keep It at Her Home

Hetween Elections,

PHILADELPHTA, Dee, 13, Judge
Charles N, Brumm of Pottsville, who
ereated @ sensation In Schuylkill county
several years ago by opening ballot
| boxes, appointed a woman as custodian
of a ballot box to-day, The woman so
honored is Mrs, Isabella Gibbons of
Tumbling Run, whose home is conve-
nient to the polls tn that district, When
not in use the ballot box, under orders

will also give the Republbcans an oppor- |
tunity to start an aggressive campaign |
from the very beginning Instead of trall-
ing along behind the Democrats

Main Issnes Planned,

[t was apparent from statements made
here to-day that the Republicans intend |
to make preparedness the broad issue of
Americanism, including the protection of ;
American life and property ubroad, and

| the tariff the leading issues In the cam-j| from the Judge, will be kept at) Mrs.
paign. Gibbons's home, She, proud of her
There is a belief among the Republi- | trust, detles any one to tamper with it.

cans that the Democrats will try to bring | Judge Brumm will have two election
about a situation in which they will seek | fraud cases from West Mahanoy Town-
support for Mr, Wilson on the ground! ship before him to-morrow, Ballot
of upholding tis bands against German! boxes from three of the township dis
American attacks, The Republicans hope tricts have been selzed aud are likely
to cut the ground from under the Demo-' to be opened by the court,

erates by adopting a plank in support of oo ne meen

what was deserlbed by one of the leaders AIKEN, 8S. ¢., AND AUGUSTA, GA,
to-day as “broad Americanism,” Famous for tts dry, bracing olinate,

 

 

 

 

ye ‘ leer . ., location, golf links, palatial hotels, Rea
Objection has been raised to the early | via the SO VEEN HALL Meenas
wont | Spectal’ ew York Office, 2 ith Ave,
é Gentiauad on Fourth Page, \- :

Monn! ow

|

tional Company by Charles A. Stone, its)

of all of the assets of the company with |
leases | trust oe

The queer looking parcel was taken to!

 

 

 

 

a)

  
 
 

DECEMBER 14, 1915,—copyrigne, 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

 

 

RITISH BONDS 10
BUY U. 8, STOCKS

Chancellor Says Nothing Will
Be Done to Harass the
American Market.

 

 

84,000,000,000 INVOLVED.

 

Purpose to Steady Exchange
and Meet Liabilities in
This Country.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tae SuN
LONDON, Dec. 13.—Reginald Me-
Kenna, the Chancellor of the Exchequer,
announced in the House of Commons to-
day that the British Government will
buy American securities held in Great
Britain and will pay for them in five

year 5 per cent. exchequer bonds.
He sald that nothing would be done
to harass the American rnarket in con-
nection with mobilization of American

Securities or to injure American finan-
cial interests here.
|} that a sufficient amount of securities

He voiced the belief

was available
with New York,

Ketimates of American and Canadian
securities held {n this country varied,
he said, from $2,000,000,000 to $4,000,-
000,000,

Chancellor McKenna, replying to the
rumor that # conipulsory loan might
be necessary, said that he expected no
ditticulty in raising on voluntary tertns

to maintain exchange

| have practically shut off all trade re-| Such loans as the State might require.
|

John A. Brsee, member of Parlia-
ment for Inverness Burghs and a direc-

 

 

 

  

   

 

  
 

    

  
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

   

   

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

   
 
  
  
   
 

THE WEATHER FOF

Snow, followed by clear
colder to-night; fair to-z

Highest temperature yesterday,

Detailed weather, mail and marine &
ou

     

PRICE TW

ee

TS.

a

= ‘CEN

One Week Limi Is Set 40,000BRITISH
for the Austrian Reply SUT TO PIECES,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

| Vienna Is Expected to Yield! | GERMANS SAY

 

_Under the Pressure of |

- Germany. | Two Divisions Annihilated,

"Is Report—Alll Allies
Out of Serbia,

 

 

TIRE SUBMARINE
DISPUTE MAY END!

Charge Zwiedinek Confers'
With Lansing After See. |
ing Bernstorff.

 

| BULGARS REPORTED
| ACROSS THE BORDER

 

(reat Teuton Force Said
to Be Massed on

Frontier.

(GREEKS WITHDRAWN
“| TO REMAIN NEUTRAL

 

WASHINGTON, Deo. 18.--Austria wil |

not have more than a week longer
which to comply with the demands of
the Untted States for satisfaction in the
Ancona case, Secretary Lansing ts un-
derstood to have so informed Baron

Zwiedinek, Charge d'Affatres of the Aus- |

ivt

     

Copyrignt Harris & Ewing, Wasn, D.

 

trian Embassy, in the course of a con- Baron Erich Zwiedinek.
ference which he had with j
to-day. * aa wher Germany yielded in the Arabic

matter:
The conference was sought by Baron

the Baron
| Three Irish Companies Give
|

 

 

]
|
“'Nothing shall make us iose sight
Zwiedinek, with the result that a rumor] of the main {ssue; everything else must
rd ete } Sacme
was started {n irresponsible quarters pa » Saebepanae da dM chee Mh abi Siege iltisd Lives to Save Army
ind os ciekiaen | WEE *
that the Charge had received instruc- “The tnthinate relations existing be- z ‘
tions from hie Government to demand | tween the German and the Austrian in Retreat.
his passports, The report brought forth | Governments make it practically certain |
. . ra Seo ary | that this view will preval! _
# categorical denial from Secretary “Of couree, the setateofhclal opinion |
Lansing. expressed tn Washington that ‘the Vi-} special Cable Despatch to Tan Sus.

enna Foreign Office values too highly the
Is

Tt ts'understood that Baron Zwie dinek | Loxpox, Dec. 19.--With the complete

 

 
     

    
    

 

 

 
 

     

 

 

 

 

    

  

 

     

            

 

 
                
 

 

 

 

 
   

     

   

   

  

   
   

   

   

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

  

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

: + { " j Str a.’ .
ltor of a number of banks and railways, desired partion larly to know the Secres | pererenane es J rcnien tt Gareuae: eaclea: j withdrawal of the Anglo-French forcem
Said that the Governinent is taking too | fee ence hin ee oe i ge eg ™ : a ty h goes to protest as |into Greek territory and the removal of
Pony & ViGW OC the course of American | °" ae at a" cnaris b "iting ‘ty * | goon as pres ed for payment. As s00n | the Greek troops between Salonica and
exchange. Even after the war, he sald, | ttla should be forthcoming ‘promptly wi ttempts to realize on it| :
it would be a long time before the ex-! The question is — to a ree Setondaiin santo a ss eee | Dorian, interest centres in the further
. e mn the esponsibtiitv oo he marge. enast é SNCs | ‘ ¢ a ‘
change readjusted itself. | hl are teeta a eens fan | “Besides, with America as the actual | pursuit of the Alllegs and the question
MeKenna Explains 8111, lhis Government it probably was | bese of es wae yee eeccee jwhether the Bulgarians will  entor
: stitnatic Aer _ | prompted by Count von Bernstorif, the | of frien anh p male t is ; . come ritical Greece
rare te Plan for the mobilisation of 4 aor | German Ambassador, who conferred with | at this time might sound hypocritical. One report ts that the Boleurs are
lean securities beld in England was €X-! Baron Zwiedinek prior to the latter's | And whateve thelr ‘ilings muy be, |
j Dlained by Mr. McKenna when the bill) conference with Mr. Lansing. Germany and Austria have never been | already five miles over the Greek frone
fempuoweriig Loe Ceuveriumenl by act vate | accuseu Ob cant ang ny peueri~y. 1 tr0R
; Up in the Commons. The bil passed a Austria’s Compiinnce Predicted, ass eae A inessage from Berlin seams to indt
st reading. ° . : . . }
ne non inveterate pessimist would | After the conference with Mr. Lansing LAUD ANCONA NOTE. jeate Austro-erman forces alone are to
not dispute our capacity w meet these! the prediction woe freely made in ree ———— Jadvance beyond the frontier, ‘This he
obiigations, provided cur assets were | #Pon! e diplomatic circles that Austria | Rat Paris Papers Kapect Case to a : a cia a
made liquid and we were given time,” | Sill comply with the American demands D Like That of Lusitania oa Mie Al rae busts ieanatall
said the Chancellor, “We have im-| Significance {fs attached to press te- Tem Site Jas : , where the Allies are busily preparing
mensé resources | porta from Vienna to the effect that the special Cable Despatch to Tae SUN, for 4 defence
“Despite the large ainounts which are| Austrian Government has found it im= Panis, Dee. 13.—The Journal des De- ae bab oer manne it 18 hele ved in
being earned by shipping and the large Possible to get into communication with ata: ainmantivee editarialie von the Athens that y he Austrians and Germans
umounts paid in @vidends and intere the commander of the submarine which : brie i : 3 will be unable to spare more than 20.000
these sums are insufficient to resture the; @tiacked the Ancona. The opinion was) United States’s note to Austria, Sa°8 troops for such a movement, and that
bia laa of trade, which is now against expressed in diplomatic quarters familiar | that Washington might just as well! consequently the Bulgarians will cer-
1 us order to meet our liabilities in With the affairs of the Centrar ar bave addressed the note to the same)! tainly invade Greece,
the 1 ed States we are obliged to go that the commander wit ne pone atec ” | ad@rean: as the riots which followed the Great anxiety prevails here with re-
outside the ordinary course of trade. The prediction was made that Aus | (@ard to this situation
“L have conferred with insuramee and. tria’s reply to the United States will! Lusitantas sinking, as the submarine |
antes Which are large holders) be that as it has been impossible for) undoubtedly originated from the North Teuton Troops Conceutrating.
: TOT RIM os They fully ap-' her toe get the comma der's detailed ver- | Sea or the Balt Tts naturalization us The Times received iat é:nin ;
proved the plan sion of the att tek Auat la e: n re Jit fh ‘ \Vustr & nor much if ar Ider deepatoh tain Salonica to the atect
posit ior to q epuye af Mipel ts eee than ¢ juarte o 1 hour, euys the 40,000 Austrian and German troops and
To Support Kachange. ‘ task Se ee Re E Te He Kdra On UIRRAUI Ee Ste eee eae imnare 99.000 Bulgarians are concentratt
Purchase seemed the « st and oie STAHL EHC DHA RTS AGATE inthe’. ¢ iiteeany ca dititat eee | OR? Monastir and Kenall, inel
est COUTRO WI wider Aimeri- pules issued by the Austria Admiralty ‘ “ to considerable cavalry BRenalt oe
“a ‘ Canadian securities was !n a > subma . mmarders ir echantma This frontier station on the railroad i from
dp well outright It is t efore pre ted Austria wll is eres esse o lispensable, Monastir te Sal
CGowernment aay ¢ she cannot do otherwise than It texitfsing to Wa gton's good fait In the last p of the eight day bute
and bee) samit rm of attack was “He, and breadth of diplo- the southeast corner of Serbian the
would be legwa n {lvls make reasor ma ? s bu ' energy, gariiais sWeepingg stead]! southe
Pmuttiole and give reparatic f th voints tt ¢ & under Ward, concentrated their attack upon
1 this ' excuunge subsegut atly located, pur nternational x the British forces, A German War f-
s war laats He offence "Rare =~ 4 tore severe diplomat.ie flee statement led to-day usserty that
‘le at time t * the total com 1 ‘ < ead 1 rot, two binglish  divtsior were arnihie
amount Of available securities now held Germans’s Influence. prope ea z. a f i rs ng) lated the fleree fighting.’ A British
this country length of time & fixed for r but it} division on war footing, aececordit
hecessary to brine about thelr absorp. Phe fact that the pred tion of Austrta soa is ’ ae the latest available figures abot
tion in the United States : 40 cme United state \ ‘ 4 te We ane mately LUG00 met
In th ase of unquoted or unlisted from Germa! Slee AS 3 \ 1 affair in Yesterday's Hritish War fies state
securities or of any whose current quo- | credence to reports that Germany Ww ! Ix er vaneed than the ment, tellir of the last few a t.
tatio Aight not be regarded as repre- use every influe e tow ard a eal tac. bis nee i SUPE Ree ERAT TTC IiCe. ah a
sentitive of the true value, the Chan- tory settlement Hav ee : ’ elt nd 4 At os ven ' ' n | Divisio stood tha brunt of 0
lor explained. the price will be fied Bian neue any a goles ica - %, : at Dr. Pun ie Atint slatigt and Kt’ & uCcenat nats
ikreement with wereon offerin BY ACh oaree. Papers ie : x ite the DPD 0: o s de poast-
them. The New York dsiter price y i the future, It is believed that Germany | 0 snr ‘ My , s es ste ran u ate ‘ oe ae Cauaue ak teks at eh
be reckoned in sterling on the basis o is in : peculiarly stre position to aa ola than os Se storff ee . . F = ae
‘ . ‘ise the statesmen {1 aa ¥ ¢
the exchange rate of the day. me ne ean nea Be seal aA Ee MATO ( othe note to Vienna ts more German official statement fol
Disposal of Securities. to be anxious that brea AVOWED. | r t 0 at
and the fact that he has been in fre ire emp aaa Pnglishmea Frenehman is
Mr. MeKenna said that tn ease indt- quent conference with Baron Zwiedinek Vs Ballplatz a * Be BNI now at liberty on Macedonta soil
Vidual holders were unable to sell them ide to the belief that Austria will not the Wilhebnstrass ty no In Maes the army of Gen
the Treasury would accept thelr hold- got contrary to the Wishes of the Ber I Nivea’ seotiit is HOW UB ThE | mi ng and ired the vil-
ings on deposit for two yeans The | jin Government elsif vs agen Of Lew evehel
lender would receive the interest accru- Both Germany and Austria are said to The weiter thinks that Austrians who Appren itely two British divisions
ing plus one-half of one per cent, fear that if there is a break with the ire Waturansed are oss thue hn n . bee a +4 lated jiu the 1
The Treasury would retain the right!) United States it might seriously affect rit ed States tha ‘ wimanis
to sell securities thus deposited, under | the efforts of the Geoman and Austrian Furthe ‘ 7
certain contingencies, paying the middle! diplomats to maintain the neutrality of e l t State tie Inanea Nonbied
New York price of the day and an ad- Rumania and Gre ce the Balkans aognat ore t i \t ,
| ditional 24, per cent, on the value thus Indications based wuthorttative ime thac A t will bn ble ’ Phe trerman assertion of enor is
caletlated formation are tha nauy, if she suc. tn itisfying President Wil les | Mritish asses is side i ine ‘ x
Anticipating criticism of the scheme veeds in persuad \Vustria to yield to on Beer tor Nceounts fron And
as too generous, Mr. McKenna asserted: (the United States, will lierself give in Tie write SUR KeSTS wit the argo. | Salonica say the relrear was « ied out
“The offer to give British credit In ex- | gtructions to Ambassador Heristertt to i of Ford's pea dreadnought ime iu i rder anner and w OAV)
change for American securities at cur-'renew the negotiations with ti oul ig ' Hiss ooking toward the | losses Ky the destruction lway
rent imarket prices can only be justified try in the Lusitanta ntrovers prevention «@ i orupture between Aua- bridger 1 roads Poy stubborn reare
by the absolute necessity for mobilizing It is predicted that within a month tr ‘ the United States | Ruane a stir Mulgarians were hept
our American securities in order to make an effort wil be made by lermany to (toa diatrly safe dist e \ despaten
them of the utmost value to the nation settle this issue on the b an offer 0 mt N : \the 4 ties
as «© whole of reparation without any reference to B ARIN bulge) more than 6,U00 dead
“While Amertean securities to-day) arbitration Such an offer, tt is pointed ' or wou mi the Held after CWO itae
have a good price, tt is true that) out in German quarters, would be tanta 6 soon the British e. E
British securities, owing not to any fail- | mount to an adinission of ability and a Pwo compatios of the Royal Tnnisktit
ure of credit) but to our having such | virtual disavowal, though net in the exe; CAPTORS AND SELF < ‘ mia Ve duy for ¢ ”
large demands to meet, are compari. press terms of a disavowa om ‘ Mond HOOP » 10 @
tively low.” ! Herat esp rN Writ Md quate
The Chineellor turned to the details Tutended for Germans Alen, i ec am Hard in oO es Nipreanice
of the second part of the scheme, ‘ = ai 7 x 5 bbeca de hrowm@l we res ate
|namely, the provisions for borrow!ne Up to this time the United States has } renehman Takes Purkish (nf- nee ‘ tthe f Is onshiug vf ”
securities whose owners were unable) demanded a flat disavowal, but Germany . : Mule em the ma British force
for unwilling to sell | has refused, offering to submit the ques- | fjeers in ¢ aptured Submers- mg etre iss moptete
“The Treasury will accept such 6e-/tlon of reparation to arbiiration, There “| . ; Nitation. ‘I emia sia
curities on deposit subject to the right | is no doubt in Washington now that the ible With Him to Death. the we ws We ‘
hor purchase,” he said. fsharp note to Austria as intended fs r Iris Were Sup ritte
much for Germaty a t for the Dual SS ‘ ° ®, 9 or Whole Ine R tue Witile
ipterest to Be Paid. Monarchy ; . : t ‘ ferous Cusiila Rule
“The securities will be transferred! Washington officials bel : e ee ; bi : inturea  F eye
to the Treasury for a period of two! ever turn the situation ni ' flier Wissa ‘| ren i ‘
years from the date of transfer and | speedily bring the Lusitans neg Miations | Si! f ‘ : 7 : New Mattle Ground,
jthe lender will recefve all interest plus, to « head, Tf Austria should ret ne <0 ret i iid Pert a oo ie ie tiyeece, the 2 wore "6g
J one-half of 1 per vent. caleulated on the | meet the demands of the United states | o ns s etl f Ward from the Serb f . tO
| face value of the securities, The Treas-| and a diplomatic break should come tt) tald by in Bates ip oa P a
jury will sell the securities at any thne| Will be @ plain notice to Germany us to] t o.poily cn i here little
on @ request from the deposttor and!| What will happen in the Lusitania came) ane os ‘1 : : : ' e Clerr \
| pay the proceeds tn sterling at the ex-/unless a satisfactory settlement is ef- | fi the x eine tae at pons Re arrnae ai '
change rate of the day or the lender! fected On the othe and, if Austria | ’* : , fe pi ; oases
may inake his own arrangements for) yields It probably will be only after Ger) Me bh ie Ay tio r } re
the sale on condition that the proceeds; many has counselled her to do so, and |! BPA ae ' aa savin The SUN telegra
remitted to Ungland through the Germany, it is argued here, will not BO i sh ‘anueineais io enliehte wal ot cre Ms »
Treasury agent in New York, Ithat unless she also lias made up her hy ai ' ; vile to he « d ie
“The Treasury reserves the right if! mina to bring the Lusitante case to alo” % mot sent ” lanios )
fr thinks it neeessary to sell all orl eonclusion that will sailsfy the United y pil wh engineers captured Hiteek plon to avete ‘
fany such securities after notifytne the States. : lithe Turk m te 1 Nviplo-bre { ex if
| depositor In the event of this right In this way the threatened runture } The byenchma wih hunce ta de. the latte e pursued t t Hhulga
| hetne exercised the Treasury will pay lwith Austria is expected to clear the | gy, the submarine He wrote a short, rians and Gerona
jthe quoted New York middle price, Plus! entire submarine {ssue or else bring On lye vo his captured MPAtPiOlsS eo “Thus Greece would rei atral
j2'y per cent, At the end of the twola break with Germany us well as Aus-j eluding with "Vive li Dutrie! nd and at the same time compile liss
year perlod the securities, {f unsold, will! trta, Went abowd the submarine iate herself frou © fate of the Anglo
he returned to the depositor tn exchange | —nianusneesiinaieetes A tew om later the submarine Prench army ;
for the Treasury certificates, , : Was me motion aud subsequently sub Emphatic as have been offiela
“Arrangements will be made for al EXPECT NO RUPTURE. | eRe That was the last seen of the unoffleial Greek declarations that Greece
| ina oy the Stock Exchange in Treasury | js Cie er ; I proposes to do no harin to the allie
i certiicates,” \ “German He a” Says Austria | Abou s)) Parkis officers were jorce as ds that ie i a | os harbor
Sa jheoard “ reachetous lhatentions us ‘ Zz «oo
ou ’ . my , | Won't Comet pabble With U, a] ’ stantine put it in the recent interview
| NEW C REDIT: LIKEL) . The German Herold says editorially | Prussian Losses 2,224,248. everything points Just as strongly to Me
| -_———— to-day In discussing the latest note to Rovrerpam, Dé 18.-The last ten Urm determination on thea part of the
Wall = Street Expects Further! Austria: HVists of Prussian casualties contain 65,- Eoin? pao - ‘void trouble with ihe
< 1 "We have no doubt that the Anconalsgo names, ‘The lists cover the pertod | Bulwars and Germans,
Financing Here by British, matter Will be adjusted to the satisfac. | from November toy November 56 A
Prominent bankers said yesterday that tion of the American Government | ‘The tot Prussian losses to date are ‘Greek Settlement Near,’
‘they belleved that the plan of the Chan. “The Central Powers have but one atm, | given as 2,224,248 One Saloniea despatch predivts a
j cellos of the British Mxchequer for the whieh is to win this wa rom this | - - eurly definite solution of the questions
mobilization of American securities held purpose they will not be swerved by any! “NEW YORK & FLORIDA SPECIAL.” | pending between Greece and the Entente
in Great Britain was the precursor of | side issue, as for instance, a diplomatic | se nest thelh to Florida Hesorks.  Aslantio | Powers, It says:
TLC re Fupture wilh the United States would ied” Riseele lignied ihrouruous ‘hes Bway. “According to semi-official sources @
Continued on Second Page, 4 As the Frankfurte; Zeitung sald | —Adi, definite solution of the questions pend,
i
’