‘y
rl
=

)
{

=~ et

'

i

b |

 

 

RESULT OF SHAFFERS ORDER
NOT TO BE KNOWN AT ONCE.

 

| —A Smell Percentage, However,
Dhebey the Order—Tin Plate Trust
Gives Notice That the

ate
afl

i
:

zEzit
geez?
: g
vie
crete i
Scesde §
tits

i
Eg
if

&

quarters that the men
work early had said they
hack to-morrow night or on M
ing, as the case may be. When

‘
Hi

men will obey.

Not until the work of the new week begins
will it be known to what extent the Amal-
gamated Association members have struck
and this probably will not be until Monday
morning. During Sunday the Amalga-
mated officers will receive the reports
of the number of those who will not go
back to work, but until the mills are ac-
tually ready to start up it will be imposalble
to make a reasonably correct estimate.

It is altogether probable that at least
96 per cent. of the old members of the Amal-
gamated Association will go out. Prob-
ably most of the new recruits will at first

new members live up to¢heir obligation and
atay on strike. Some of them may even
go back to-morrow night.

The first report of the results of Shaffer's

non-union mills may be crippled by she
defection of the union workers, and the
army cafries before it
begun and before it has

works in McKeeesport
that the plants in the
union labor centre of Youngstown, Ohio,
will be idle. Where they figure on strictly
union milla they are probably correct, but
they are only guessing on the other plants.

* Tt is sald that while the strikers are busy
securing the adhesion of the men employed
the Federal Steel, National Steel, and

National Tube companies, the Steel Trust

will devote its efforts to a concerted move

to resume operations at the mills of the

American Steel Hoop, American Sheet Steel

and the American Tin Plate companies.

It is believed that the resumption will be

almost general to-morrow night at the

Lindsey-McCutcheon, Clark and Painter

inills in Pitteburg.

It was reported that as soon as it has
been learned how many mills have been
thrown into idleness by the strike, called
for to-night, the trust’s officerg will con-
fer and prepare plans on a large ecale for
& general centralization of plants, which
would include the abandonment of more
manufacturing centres like McKeesport,
which is to lose the sheet mills and tube
tills that now support tife town.

In the last five years Newoastle, Pa.,
has almost doubled its population. A
year ago the people of the city were com-
plaining beo.use the mills did not run
on full time, It is said that they will prob-
ably soon have plenty of idle time to mourn
the removal of the steel industry. Mills
at Youngstown may be dismantled and
taken elsewhere, and wherever there is
4 sinal! town in which the men go on strike
and the business men sustain the strikers
in their destructive action, it is likely that
that town will loge its mill, in many cases
the sole reason for the “existence of the
business community.

On Monday, the day full details of the
Success or failure of Shaffer's strike order
are expected, roporta will be awaited with
interest from the towns in which the non-
union mills of the three companies are
situet d. These towns are Lorralue,
Ohic; Johnstown, Pa.; Youngstown, Ohio;
Colounbus, Ohio; Sharon, Pa,; McKeesport,

» Syracuse, N. Y. Warren, Ohio; Chester,

Pg.: Middletown, Pa.; Youngstown, Ohio,
and Oil City, Pa.

It being a foregone conclusion that nearly
all the AmaJgamated men in all the union
centres, except perhaps South Chicago,
will obey Shaffer's order to strike, interest
will centre in the non-union plants. No

one but Amalgamated officers believes
they will go out, with the exception of
McKeesport, where the A amated

Association has done considerable organiz-
ing during the last three months.
TO DISMANTLE TIN MILLA.
The American Tin Plate Company to-da
fkaued the following statement ‘throug
Wom Leeds
‘ The officers of the American Tin Plate
Onipany authorize the following atate-
ment
“Since the relations between the American
Tin Plate Company and the workmen at
nessen have been mutually satisfactory,
Insuring steady and profitable operation,
it has been determined to more than double
the plant at that point, and some of the
mills now idle on aceount of the strike
declared in violation ot the contract signed
the Ainalgamated Association, wil be
dismantled-and moved to Monessen, Un-
doubtediy this will be done in the case at
those works in which the sentiment of the

i

arf
ify

i

 

UNWRITTEN LAW AGAIN.

Man Whe Killed the Despelier ef His Home
Released in Kentucky.
Lexivoton, Ky., Aug. 10.—The
of Andrew

the intrusion of his neighbor.

It was shown that Goetz had been intimate
with Mrs. for nearly two years, and
that he had her husband to be in-
formed, through Smith, believing that
Arvideon would attack him and he could
then kill Arvidson, be acquitted on the
— of self-defence, take the woman
and go to Omaha, a trip he had already
planned.

The Arvideons have a, handsome home.
The property is all in the name of the wife,
her husband ha ving had implicit confidence
in her. Goetz’s wife secured a divorce
from him recently, Mrs. Arvidson comes
from a well-known Mount Sterling family
and is of striking figure and comely.

ROOSEVELT LAYS CORNERSTONES

Offictates at the Y. M. C. A. Coremenics
at Colorado Springs.
CoLorapo Sprinos, Col., Aug. 10 —Vice-

 

o% -f

 

 

President Roosevelt to-day officiated in
laying the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation cornerstone, which duty would have
been performed by President McKinley
on June 6 had he been able to reach
Colorado Springs, according to programme.
Fully 7,000 persons witnessed the cere?
monies. Ex-Gov. Alva Adams was the
first speaker. Mr. Roosevelt's remarks
were marematy ls they were earnest
and enthusiastically applauded, The
gpesher meets was cheered when he arose.
thanked all concerned for t

conferred on him. Speaking of Y. M. C. A,
work throughout the world, he said:

“It is an institution whose office is to
keep young men out of temp atten by
that euplitiing. Ii Js ie

a oo fF 4 ‘oO mé
we ee t reaulte bythe

oung n's = Christian tion.
Pe re, ea pede

o 6 in lay-
ing a cornerstone of this Character.” ’
ne building will cost $85,000. Mr. Roose-
velt dec to say when he will leave
Colorado. He may leave on Monday for
White River for a week's fishing.
SALVATION ARMY HAS TO FLEF.
Insists on Converting Little Dublin —Little
Dublin Uses Vogetabies.

Morristown, N. J., Aug. 10.—The Sal-
vation Army, headed by Capt. Snow,
marched to-night into lower Ridgedale
avenue, @ neighborhood occupied almost
exclusively by tholics. Several com-
plainta have been made to the police that
the Salvation Army disturbed the peace
in that part of Ridgedale avenue known
as Little Dublin. This evening Capt. Snow
was told by a resident of the avenue that
the Salvation Army would not be allowed
to hold a meeting there. But Capt. Snow
weut ahead.

He procecded unmolested for about
five minutes, then a terrific din of tin horns
and pans drowned the hyn music,
captain tried to speak but was jeered down,
Then he led his band away under a fire of
tomato cans, sticks and vegetablvs.

Capt, Snow says he had hopes of re-
forming Ridygedale avenue and will go down
there every few evenin, until Le has
made an impression on the hearts of the
people, Ridgedale avenue saya if he shows
up again he will get a warmer reception
than before. Capt. Snow did not com-

plain to the police.

 

 

PERJURY CHARGE IN MONTANA
Warrants Issued for Detectives Concerned
in Harney Case.

Butte, Mon., Aug, 10.—Upon complaint
of a man named Taylor, a detective in the
employ of the Heinze people, warrants
have been issued for the arrest of E. L.
Walters and J. W. Waters, the two Chicago
detectives who made the astonishing dis-
closures against Judge Harney and Mrs.
Brackett in relation to an alleged corrupt
decision in the Minnie Healy mining case.
The detectives are charged with perjury,
alleged to have been committed in the
affidavits filed in court against Harney.
E. L. Walters is a woman. With her com-

nion she left Butte last Wednesday,
the day following the flight of Judge Harney
and Mrs. Brackett

This fact and the fact that the action
for perjury is instituted by a detective
in the employ of the Heinze people, instead

of by the two supposed injured persons,
is regarded by the Amalgama poe
as indicating bad faith. County Attorney |

Breen, who gave his sanction to the pro- |
ceedings againet the two detectives, says
he did so in order that the scandal might
be brought to a head,

WAGES HIGHER IN MANHATTAN,

Reason Assigned for Scarcity of Masons
and Bricklayers in Brooklyn.

Members of the Manhattan Board of
Delegates of the Building Trades who
were seen yesterday said that an alleged
searcity of masons and bricklayers in
Brooklyn, concerning which complaints
were made by contractors last week, waa |

, due to the low wages paid in Brooklyn com- |

employees delays the resumption of work.” |

n a ious occasion the American Tin
Plate Trust coneentrated several of its
lants at Wheeling and Vandergrift
4eds does not name the plants that will
be affected by the decision of to-day, nor
does the official statement indicate it
The new Monessen plant will be made one
of the largest operated by the company
Secretary Joseph Bishop of the Ohio
State Board of Arbitration and Assistant
Secretary MJ’. Tighe held a long private
Continued on Third Page

 

Don’t Suffer From Sore Feet. ae
; my EXTRACT heals, cools and comforts.
¥

Mr, '

pared to Manhattan. There is plenty of
work in Manhattan while in Brooklyn there |
is little that promises to be steady. Hence
mechanics in all trades are coming to Man-
hattan. This makes them secaree in Brook-
lyn

hilled tn Family Feud,

CHATTANOOGA, ‘Tenn., Aug. 19.-Dr, H.
F. Fricks, one of the oldest and most prom-
inent physicians of north Georgia, was as-
sassinated while ridin borseback this
morning by Joseph EF. Johnson as the result

| of a family feud of long standing

(heck Your Baggage to Pan-American
Fapo. io. by Westcott bapress Company. Ike

| mo t direct route,—A dv.

 

THIEF GIVES UP STOLEN GOLD,

LEADS DETECTIVES TO WHERE
SE DUMPED IT IN THE BAY.

 

 

@180,000 Recovered Without DimMeulty
Coffer Dam Must Be Bullt te Get
Rest —Winters Werked Alone —Threat
@f Lynching Made Him Break Dewn,

Saw Frayoisco, Aug. 10.—John Winters,
the man who without assistance broke open
the vault of the Selby Smelting and Lead
Company on Monday night and carried
away $283,000 in gold bullion, last night con-
fessed the crime, and early this morning
showed where he had dumped the treasure
in the eoft mud of the bay. The police have
Fecovered $190,000 with little difficulty,
while the remainder still lies in the mud

weakening, but late afternoon
he told the officials of the company that he
would tell them the whole truth. The
trip to Crockett on the tug followed and the
gold was found with little difficulty.

President A. J. Ralston of the Selby com-
pany tells the following story:

“All attempts to get the facts from Win-
ters failed until yesterday afternoon. After
long hours of questioning had somewhat
broken his nerve Supt. Yon der Popp
of our company went into the detective's
room in the Hall of Justice building. He
asked Winters a number of queations in
regard to the robbery and the location of

but got no satisfaction. Finally he
p to the prisoner and putting his
hand on his shoulder said:

“ ‘See here, Winters, you might Just
as well own up and tell us where that gol
{s. We have evidence to convict you and
will send you up for thirty years. While
you are in prison we will find the gold if
we have to dredgy every foot of the bay
near the smelter. We know it’s there
and we will get it. You have no poasible
chance of spending any of that money.
If you oconfews and return the gold your
chance will he much better, as th'vves
who plead guilty and return the booty
are treated leniently. If you desire to
have a taste of Contra Costa county jus-
tice you can have your way. Thore farmers
are roused to intense anger at your criine,
and {ff you are taken back, as you must
be, a rope awaits you.’

“As he concluded Von der Ropp drew
hia hand suggeatively across his neck,
The effect was instantaneous. Winters's
nerva, weak from the long strain, gave
way. He turned deadly pale, hesitated a
moment and said:

* ‘I will tell you the whole truth and
show you where I put the gold.’

*This was at 4:90 o’vlock yesterday after-
noon. An hour later the officera, Van der
Rapp And A ware Qn tieir way up

he Bs on .

It was impossible to locate the gold in
the darkness last night, so the tug went to
Crockett and tiled up. Sheriff Veale, of
Contra Costa County learned that the pris-
erner was there and demanded that the
police surrender him. It was a challenge
for abattle over the reward and after a
stormy interview the detectives refused.
But the County Sheriff held the trump
cards. Early this morning
he hunted up a Justice and swore out a
warrant for Winters. The Sheriff is a
State officer and as the crime was com-
mitted in ContraCosta county his title to
the custody of the prisoner was absolute.
Although it was a bitter pill the city officers
made the best of the situation and bolted
the dose. The Sheriff was taken aboard
the tug and the entire party went to find
the gold.

“At daylight the actual search for -the
treasure began. Wintera piloted the tug
to a poin tnear Valkjo ferry slip and op-
posite the coal bunkers. Winters, when
he had made up his mind to tell all he knew
about the crime, was exceedinly willing
to give all the information that was necese
sary for the recovery of the bullion. He
practically assumed charge of the opera-
tions and led Capt. Seymour and Supt.
Von der Ropp to the dock. He acted more
like one of the detectives employed on
the case than a prisoner charged with a
serious crime.

“The party landed on the dock and Win-
ters, taking three stones, threw them into
the water a little distance from the shore.
A line drawn between these points, he
said, marked the water boundary of the
gold’s hiding place. He then drove a nail
into the edge of the dock, and going a few
yards along the dock, drove another.

“The gold,’ he said, ‘will be between
these two nails somewhere in line with
the two spots marked by the stones I just
tossed into the water. You will find it all
in one place. I dumped it all there.’ ”

“W y did you not hide it somewhere
elae,” waa as ed.

“Well, I thought I could get it when I
wanted it ”

No worse hiding place could have been
chosen. The spot is within easy sight
of the smelter and much exposed to view
of persons passing along the road. Sev-
eral feet of water cover the m d at high
tide and the bottom is very soft. Officers
waited till low tide. Then they secured
small boats and began the esarch in the
black mud, which was four or five feet
deep. Winters difected the oparations,
even getting into the mud himself,

Several bars, which were contained in
five canvass sacks, worth $70,000 in all,
were soon recovered, but the other bars
had sunk deep in the mud, After some
hours work, $60,000 more, a total of $130,-
000, was recovered The spot was marked
and a coffer dam will be built to recover
the missing bars. The gold was brought
to this city and stored in the Selby vault.

Winters, in response to questions, says
that he did the job all alone. He said
he made fourteen trips from the vault to
the mharf from which he dropped the
gold. The smelter officials, however, are
positive that he received assistance from
some Ohe.
story that he did it all himself is correct,

Winters says he planned the robbery
long ago while employed at the works

and had worked three months on the tun- |

nel and vault. He said he threw most of
his tools into the bay

It was reported this afternoon that Win-
ters would not be prosecuted and would

receive the $2,000 reward for returning | this

the gold, but this report is not credited
Captain of Detectives Seymour said:

“I think Winters will pres guilty ”
When asked as to his punishment, he

amiled, and said that remained to be seen,

The detectives think that“ his |

 

 

a
BOY DRAGGED UP BY BALLOON.

Hung Suspended 2,000 Feet in the Air
for Eight Minutes.

Hi.tsn0280, Ohio, Aug. 10.—Stanley Hop-
kins, the 12-year-old son of Grant Hopkins,
& prominent citizen of Lynchburg, this
county, bécame entangled in the guy ropes
of @ balloon which made an ascension at
the fair being held there, and was car-
ried 2,000 feet in the alr.

Women and children fainted and a scene
of almost indescribable excitement followed.
The boy showed presence of mind and clung
tightly to the rope, which had wound itself
about his arm. He was suspended directly
over the parachute and the aeronaut was
unable to make his drop without
ing the boy’s life.
eight and one-half minutes.

 

 

 

PLEASE, MR. BURGLAR,
te Victim —It's

 

of their accumulated

One resident of Lorg Island City be-
lieves he has adopted an entirely sensible

method of securing the return of his val-

uables should his be visited by the

fens: He has upon the table in
main hall of his ce @ stam

and addressed envelope which has pinned
to it a note of which the following !s a copy:

Mr. Burglar;

Dean 61n: After you pawn any articles
you steal from this house will you be kind
enough to place the pawntickets in th Is en-
velope and mail it? I thank you in advance
for this consideration. Yours, &o,,

 

 

P. 8.—I am a very light sleeper so you will
find rubbers back of the front door and the
most valuable article in the house 4a down
in the coal bin. The watch dog's name is
‘Jack."

KILLED IN AN ELEVATOR SHAFT.

 

Son of Capt. J. C. Summers Fell From the
Fifth Floor in New York Theatre.

Victor Summers, the sixteen-year-old son
of Capt. J. C. Summers, fell down tho ele-
vator shaft from the fifth floor of the New
York Theatre yesterday afternoon and
died of hia injuries soon afterward. The
boy, who was employed as a messenger in
the theatre, had been sent upstairs with a
note. As the passenger elevators were
running only intermittently, he decided to
go down on his own hook by the freight
elevator.

He opened the shaft’s door and grabbed
for the rope which would oring he elevator
up, but m his and plunged down
the shaft. As he fell he screamed. The
ery brought the other employees in the
building upstairs to the elevator well, where
looking down through the ppen door they
saw the limp figure of the boy at the bot-

tom. He was taken to Roosevelt Hospital,
where he died.

Fe or sar gs 2

York newspapers.
THINK DR. W. 7. JONES I8 ALIVE.

Middletown Physician Indicted for Murder
Who Fied to Texas.

Mippurtown, N. Y., Aug. 10,—There
{s good ground for the belief existing
at Pine Bush that Dr, William T. Jones,
the physician under indictment for the
shooting of hia colored coachmen, Charles
Lewis, in January, 1000, is alive and well,
somewhere of the globe, notwithatandin
the fact that his relatives in New Yor
city insist that the doctor died last fall
in the mountains of Texas, where he went
to recuperate hia health, broken down
by long confinement in jail awaiting the
action of the Orange County Grand Jury.
The latter body did not indict the doctor
for the crime, as alleged although a
Coroner's jury held him for 1elr deliberation
A subsequent Grand Jury found an in-
dictment, but the doctor skipped to Texas
as s00n as he secured his liberty.

The cause now for the suspicion that
Dr. Jones ts still living is the fact that ex-
prose ckages believed to be from him
nave been detected coming to a friend
near the village.

 

BISSERT’S FATHER SAID TELI?

Story That the Elder Policeman So Ad-
vised the Younger.

Policemen of the Fifth street station
seem to think that Wardman Bissert, con-
vioted of taking a bribe, has con fessed.
To account for it they tell this story:
Bissert’s father, a former wardman of the
Fifth street station talked to his son and
told him that the best thing he could do
was to tell all he knew. By doi that,
Bissert, Sr. is said to have argued, his son
would probably get off with a light sentence,
for a period in which he would be glad to
be safe in jail, whereas if he kept his mouth
shut his friends would go back on him any-
way and he might get ten years. Bissert,
Sr., is sald to be rich and he told his son
that after the thing had blown over they
could go to some quiet place and live in
peace.

IDLE SHIPS AT SAN FRANCISCO,

More Than 180 Tied Up Because of the
Waterfront Strike,

San Francisco, Aug. 10.--No reply
has been made by the Employers’
Association to the request of the grain
shippers’ conference to discuss the, terms
of a truce to permit the grain and fruit
crops to be moved.

While large ocean steamships continue
to sail, the strike of the city Waterfront
Federation is rapidly Sting the anchora
of San Francisco Ray with idle vessels
There are now over 180 seagoing craft
tied up in the harbor. Most of them have
cargoes on board which or brought
into port. In the idle fleet are thirty deep-
water ships of foreign register, of a carry-
ing capacity of over 120,000 tong, walting
to take on grain cargoes

 

MOTHER SAW HER BOY KILLED,

Run Over by an Ice Wagon —The Driver
(Chased by a Neighbor but Feeaped,
Three-year-old) Frank Burke of 545

West Twenty-sixth street, while playing

 

in the street yesterday afternoon was run |

over and instantly killed by an lee wagon.
Charles Clinton of 560 West Twenty-sixth
street picked up the hody of the boy, handed

jit to the boy's mother, who had seen the |

accident, and then chased the ice wagon,
the driver of which had whipped up his
horses. The driver wasn't caught

The Pan American Exposition

is now open The New York Central and West Shore

!

—

 

NEW YORK. SUNDAY, AUGUST 11, 1901.—COPYRIGHT. 1901, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.—TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.

SE See ee

BOMB INJURES TRANSPORT.

ATTEMPT TO SINK’ BRITISH
VESSEL AT NEW ORLEANS.

 

 

Terpedo ef Some Kind Piaced Agaihst
the Side of the Mechanician ‘in Port
fer a Carge of Mules—Boer Sympe
thizers Suspected —Beoat Nearty Sinks.

New ORLEANS, Aug. 10.—Atan early hour
this morning a mysterious explosion oocurred
on the British transport Mechanician, lying
moored at the stock landing at the lower
end of the city awaiting a shipment of
mules and horses for the British troops in
South Africa. The explosion was felt
throughout the lower part of the city,
shaking the houses and awakening many
thousands of people, but doing no great.
damage to buildings. The vessel was
badly strained and some of her plates blown
out #0 as to cause her to leak badly, re-
quiring the utmost efforts of her pumps
to prevent her from sinking.

The explosion was apparently from the
outside for the plates are blown in and it
would seem that a bomb or torpedo had
been floated against the vessel as she lay
atanchor. The explosion broke or cracked
the plates covering about twenty square
feet of the vessel's side. No one on the
vessel knew how the explosion occurred.
Moat of the crew of fifty men were asleep
and the two watchmen said no skiff ap-
proached the steamer, but a passing steamer
saw the flash of the explosion leaving no
doubt that it was from the outside.

The opinion is general that the explosion
was caused by some friend of the Boers,
who attempted in this way to stop the ship-
ment from this country of mules and horses
to South Africa, believing that the success
of the British cause is largely due to this
source. It will be remembered that Gen.
Pearson, the Boer agent here, endeavored
by a process of law to prevent these ship-
ments, and afterward appealed to President
McKinley in vain. The British representa-
tives here have been frequently warned of
conspiracies to blow up the mule and horse
transporte, but the ruing has generally
been that the vessel Would be blown up in
mid-ocean by a Boer agent disguised as a
muleteer. For this reason no one has been
allowed aboard the transports while they
were anchored here, and the muleteers have
been taken aboard at the last minute.
There was none aboard the Mechanician
when the explosion occurred.

That veasel is one of the largeat in the
transport service hay @ tonnage of
$872. She arrived from Port Natal on
Saturday, and had anchored at the stock
poding to take on mules only yesterday.
The Mechanician carrie«t no explosives.
Some of the British officers expressed
some suspicion that the explosion might
have been caused by disgruntled mule-
teers. There are several hundred of them
in the city who are very bitter against the
transports and their officers, because of al-
leged ill treatment. Nearly all of them have
brought suit for damages. ‘They are main).

venturers and many of them woul
not hesitate to use bombs inst an enemy,
but the suggestion does not get much sup-

port

An investigation will be of the
tr on ia Conga ain ° ret
Kirlea next Te Se

from Cape Town to England
for docking. Not the slightest trace }
been found ot the Syoatltere ”

TALLEST COUPLE TO WED.

 

Man Is ® Feet 2 Inches High and the Giri.

8 Feet 3 Inches,
Special Cate Despatch to THE SUN.

Paris, Aug. 10.—An attempt to experi-
ment with the human species by select-
ing something in the nature of a stud is
attracting the attention of the curious. It
takes the form of a giant competition at
Rouen and already shows a startling num-
ber of abnormal statures in France.

From the south there has arrived in
Paris on his way to Rouen a young man,
not yet 22 years old, who is 9 feet 2 inches
tall and is still growing. He weighs 448
pounds and measures 98 inches around
the chest. It has been arranged that he
marry an English girl who is 8 feet 8 inches
in height.

WE WILL PROTECT CHINESE.

Those tn Colombia Will Have the Services

of Our Consul at Colon.

Special Caole Despaich to THE SUN,

CoLon, Colombia, Aug. 10.—The Ameri-
oan Conatl-General here has announced
publicly that the Chinese have a ri ght to
the protection of his consulate against
the atrocities committed on them along

the line of the railroad by the rebels,

INSANE MOTHER KILLS SON.
Cut His Throat So They Wouldn't Bury
Him Alive, Sho Said.

Rome, N. Y., Aug. 10.—Lying in bed, un-
conscious, from fractures of leg and arm,
sustained from falling from hia horse dur-
ing the afternoon Alvin Seaton, 10 years
old, son of George Seaton of Glenmore,
Oneida county, was murdered last night
by his mother while in a fit of temporary
insanity The woman was alone in the
house with the boy while the father drove
to Rome, eighteen miles away, for he
daughter to care for the injured child,

It was late in the evening when they
returned and upon entering the house
they found the boy atretched on the bed,
with his throat cut from ear to ear. The
razor with which hia mother had committed
the deed she had thrown into the stove.
The act of the mother was accomplished
soon after Seaton left for Rome. She
raised her child in her arma to give him
whiskey and he fainted. Failing to awaken
him she slashed his throat with @ razor.

Mrs. Seaton readily confessed the killing,
saying she did it so they would not bury
her boy alive. She was placed in jail,
charged with murder in the first degree,

Recovers a Pet

 

W. K. Vanderpiit
Poodle.

Newporr, R. I., Aug. 10.-Mra. William
K. Vanderbilt, Jr., was very much alarmed
this afternoon when she found that a Jap-
anese poodle which she had had in a car-
riage with her was missing and she hur-
riedly notified the of the fact. The
poodle disappeared from the carriagy
on the business street near the post office
and the Boston Store. Ele was valued at
#500. Early this evening the telephone
at the police staiton rang up and the cap-
tain in charge was informed that the pet
had been recovered,

Vest Turns Against Sliver,
Sweer Sprinos, Mo, Aug. 10.—Senator
George G. Vest in an interview to-day
said that the principal planks of the Demo-

cratic platform of 1904 should be:
~t. A declaration for a graduated income

Mrs,

 

 

will average a train every hour to Buffalo Every |
one who Ls interested In American progress should | tax 7
see this exposition —Adr | 2. Unrelenting opposition to trusts
: = . s A declaration against imperialism
What Are Yoo Going te Take for a Vacation} | and the colonial system
tile ee NT et ne it ever Gees of "it would be suicidal,” aaid the Senator,
yd f ' “ aby, a) } fi r ©
wouldn't dare go into the country without t— Ade, | “to thrust the silver issue forward again.

 

Ea4w. B&W. B&W,
TIONA
A New Collar,—Ads,

Antediiuvian Rye,

Pure and faulticss a siigrtaccition of water reveals
q@ charm and quality. Luyties Brothers, N, ¥.—Ade,

’

ODELL WILL NOT HESITATE

If He Finds That the Police Department
Needs Drastio Treatment,

Jamestown, N. Y., Aug. 10.—Gov. Odell
was asked by Tits SuN correspondent this
evening in regard to the confession of
Whitney. He replied:

“I have heard nothing of it.” When
informed of the nature of the day's sensa-
tional developments he replied:

*I am not familiar enough with the re-
ported confession to give you a definite
answer as to what my official action will
be, but you can assure THE SUN that if I
find that drastio measures are required in
dealing with the New York police situation
I shall not hesitate 2 moment in taking
them.”

Further than this the Governor refused
to discuss the revelations.

STATE POLICE, SAYS PLATT.

Does Not Believe the Removal of Cel.
Murphy Would Do Permanent Good.

When Senator Platt was asked yesterday
what he thought of the allegations against
the Police Department he said that he was
not surprised.

“I have not changed my mind since
the statement that I made on March 24
after the conference at which it was
decided to push the single-head police
bill. I am not surpriged at the develop-
ments. It was just such a situation as
this that I had in mind when I advocated
amendments to the Police law last winter.
I @o not know what the Governor will do

 

 

 
  
 

   
   
  
 
 
    
 
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
   

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

TELLS ON POLICE,

or

Tipster — Confesses.
Involving Many.

—_—_——_—_

GLENNON FIRST, IT'S SAID.

Poolriom

The Trail of “John Doe’ and “gigher
Dp” Gets Very Warm.

Situation Too Serious to P+ Talked ‘About,
Says Phitbin—Sta cments ef BWhes-
ney and Burgdorf n.»t Seoret While
Investigations Proceed -- Whitney,
Abandoned by the Poolroom Onte,
nt, Turns on Them—Palice Head
Quarters in a Ferment Over Disclesures

Edgar A. Whitney, who showed the
Parkhurst Society how to send over the

about it. I may know more if he comes | Police Headquarterswires to protected pool-
down here to viailt me next week. I don’t | rooms tips of impending raids, made a full
know that anything is to be gained for | confession yesterday before Justice Jerome
permanent good by the removal of Mr. | in the Special Sessions chambers. From
Murphy as the Commissioner. The one | what happened simultaneously it was in-
solution of the problem, and the only one | ferred that Deputy Commissioner Devery's

 

in my judgment, is the placing of the New | old wardman, Edward Glennon, was in- *

York police under State control.

“What the Governor or the Legislature | of the police wirea had not been, acco:

 

volved in this confession, and that the use
rding

will do I do not know. I do not agree with | to Whitney, altogether a free gift to the

Mr. Moss that the appointment of a new
Commissioner to reorganize the force wil!
do the work.”

DEVERY HAS NO OPINION

 
  
 

poolroom combine.

Whitney was under cross-examination
by Frank Moss, the counsel of the sogiety,
for six hours and told all he knew of the
system by which a certain ring in the Police

Of Any Subject, While He's at Play Department and the Department of Gam-

—Flash In the Pan,” Says Farrell.

Sanatooa, N. Y., Aug. 10.—If anybody
on Manhattan Island or elsewhere has
important business with William 8S. Devery,
Deputy Commissioner of Police, he will
have no difficulty in getting at Mr. Devery
at the United States Hotel. The “Big
Chief” arrived here on last Thursday, ac-
companied by Mrs. Devery and their two
daughters. The family has two of the
finest rooms at the United States, imme-
diately over the dining room and overlook-
ing Division street. :

The Deputy Commissioner has been at
the races every day since he arrived and
has hobnobbed with his particular friends,
the Hon. John F. Carroll and the Hon.
John B. Sexton. A Sun man ran into
Mr. Devery at the track this afternoon and
aaid: “Howdy.” When asked where he

as stopping the Deputy Commissioner

his shoulders and said;

“Oh, in Saratoga, ~ I want’to keep
eover as much as possible, so the news-
papers will not get after me, 1am having
my play «spell, you know, and I want to
CToenight the Deverye had for dhelr guesta

‘o-n
at dinner Mr, and Mie. Sexton, When the
dinner was over and the * bi
into the hotel office to light his cigar, the
Sun man asked him what he had to say
about the Parkhurst exposure of the use.of
police wires to Up off the
of poolrooms when it should
necessary for them to prepafe to repel
tnvaders. In reply to the question Mr,
Devery said; “I do not want

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

‘0 talk about | #8 Deputy Commissioner Devery’s

bling held together, His examination was
not closed until after 7 o’clock at night.
There were rumors al] day that his revela-
tions were most sensational iinplicating,
police officials in such a way that convic-
tions would be sure to follow; but at the
end of it all, those who had been in charge
of the examination refused to divulge
any of the information put at their dis-
posal by the prisoner.

Mr. Moss did say that the result of the
examination was “satisfactory;” that Whit-
ney's statement implicated a number of
people; and that further investigation
would be necessary on that account. Jua-
tice Jerome said as much,

Diatrict Attorney Philbin, who has a
cottage at Seabright, sald last night:

“It is a matter which I cannot discuss
for publication. The whele situation has
become so serious, that I am not willing
to'say a word about it."

The District Attorney said that Mr.
Schurman was speaking for the whole
office impersonally when he said that “the
District Attorney had new and important
evidence.”

That the authorities are closer than ever
before on the trail of John Doe and Higher

chief” stepped | Up was believed to be the case. It was

rumored that Justice Jerome had issued
4a number of warrants, one of which was

oroprietors | said to be for Glennon, who is now the
be | nominal wardman and real commander

of the Tenderloin precinct and who is known
partic-

anything. I haven't any opinions on any | ular friend and confidant on the police

subject.

I am on my vacation and I want | side as Frank Farrell is among the poolroom

to have all the fun Ican, I would be glad | men, At the time of the Lexow investiga-

to have you come over and sit down and
chat with us, but official business is a for-
bidden subject in our circle."

Mr. Devery then went out on the front

roh of the hotel, where he joined his
amily and Mr. and Mrs. Sexton and spent
mest of the evening there. To all ap-
pearances he seemed undisturbed about
anything and appeared to be hugely en-

 

tion Glennon went to Ireland to visit
sick relatives when his continued stay
{n thig country might have made it very
disagreeable for Devery, who was then a
captain, and under charges of extortion
in the courts. There was talk yesterday of
proceedings against Devery as well as

oying several stories that Commissioner | Glennon, but no authority for it.

xton told.

Justice Jerome refused to say whether

At the races this afternoon Mr. Sexton | or not he had issued or expected to iasue

occupied a box with Mr. and Mrs, Carroll’
A freq ent visitor to the box was Devery'’s
and Sexton's particular friend,
Farrell, who, according to common re-
port, is Interested in a few poolrooms him-
self. Mr. Farrell's colt Blues, which
he bought to-day from Julius Fleischman,
won the rich ‘Travers Stakes and
after the victory Farrell waa heartily con-
gratulated by Carroll and Sexton. Far-

  

Frank | a8

any warrants, but he did not deny it. He
interested in the whereabouts of Glene
non, for he took the trouble to go to the
Tenderloin station house, where he was told
that the wardman had departed for Sara-
toga Springs yesterday morning, He also
went to Police Headquarters to get Glen-
non’s record. It was locked up and Com-

rell was asked to-night what he thought of | missioner Murphy had gone away. Col.

the arrest of Whitney and the Parkhurst
disclosures. With a smile and a shrug of
his shoulders he said: “Oh, that wont
amount to anything. That is simply an-
other flash in the pan, got up to give the
reformers a little excitement dur
dull season in town.”
Mr. Farrell is sto sping at the Grand
Union, where also are Mr. and Mrs. Carroll
and Mr. and Mrs. Sexton.

 

Murphy says the record will be handed over

on Monday. Devery, too, is at Saratoga
Whitney aaid a few words to the reporter

before he was taken to the chambers of the

ng the] Justices of the Special Ssesions to tell his

story in the form of an affidavit. He was
sore because he thought his gambler em-

In former years | ployers had deserted him in his trouble.

Devery has always stopped at the Grand | He also seemed worried that his partner

ecided to separate
nions this
ained. May-

Union. Just why he
himself from his boon com
summer has not yet been ex
be it was for the purpose of being nearer
members of the Sullivan family. “Little
Tim” is at the United States and several

 

in a detective agency, Burgdorf, had been
implicated in the tipping business .

At this time he declared that he was
golng to tell all he knew because he had
been thrown down and because he wanted

of the fashionable young women ther@{¢, help an innocent man out of trouble.

are of one mind as to the quality of Little
Tim's beauty. They have come to the
unanimous conclusion that he ia the hand-
somest man at tho hotel, ff not at Saratoga.

There appears to be nothing weighing
particularly heavily to-night upon the
minds of the big and little Tammany men
in town, and if a warrant is out for Devery
it is quite evident that none of the braves
yet has any intimation of it,
man undertook to tell the Deputy Com-

missioner that there was a rumor that o19 | of the

of his detective sergeants was on the way
to Saratoga to place him under arrest,
but the “Big Chief” would hear none of it,
With a smile and sweeping left hand gesture
he said: “I'll bet it io ntorenting but I
don't want to hear any news about any-
thing. Just let me go away and spend a
quiet evening with the folks.”

Shot While Skylarking.

Henry Wallenback, 42 years old, was
removed yesterday afternoon from his
home at 230 Bond street, Brooklyn, to the
Tong Island College Hospital, suffering
from a bullet wound in the abdomen, which
may result in his death, Louis P. Rapp,
27 years old, was arrested to await the
result of Wallenback’s injuries. He also
lives in the Bond street house and, as al-
leged, had the revoiver in hia hand and
was skylerking with Wallenback when
the shooting oecurred. He says there
was no quarrel and that the shooting was
entirely accidental.

Heigians Will Probably Accept.
Special Caole Despatch to THE SUN
Brvsse.s, Aug. 10.-The glass manu-
facturers of the Charleroi distriet will

 

THe Sun | dealing with

!
| probably accept the offer of the Pittsburg | on the trail of those higher up was made

In expiaining how Burgdorf had nothing
to do with the matter, he sald that a “pa-
trolman” had come to him and asked him
if he could get next to Detective Dillon,
the Parkhurst agent, whom he paid for
tips of impending raids Wanner did not
tell the reporters who this patrolman was
but he did deny that he had ever had any
Devery. The conclusion
drawn by those familiar with the inside

Police Department waa that only
one certain patrolinan would be selected
by his superiors or by the politicians to
turn such atrick.

One of the men, who was not far away
when Whitney was making his statement,
said in reference to it:

“The statement is very lengthy and
covered more than a hundred pages of
legal cap paper, Jt was made in the pres-
ence of Justice Jerome, Lawyer fines,
Mr. Marcus, who is Moss's secretary; Aa-
sistant District Attorneys Schurman, Gar-
van and Sanford, Sdpt. MoClintock of
the Parkhurst society and Agent Charles
F. Dillon, Agents George P. Hammond
and R. 8. McClelland waited in an ante-
room with Detective Tinker to eee that
there were no eavesdroppers. Whitney
mut it right up to Devery'’s man, Detective
Saward Glennon, and cinched him. Justioe
Jerome went to the Tenderloin atation to
verify some of the things Whitney told
concerning Tenderloin raids. While there
the Justice asked to see Glennon, and waa
told that Glennon had gone to Sarato
on his vaeation, But none of the Park-
hurst agents believed this, for they were
of the belief that Glennon was hiding some-
where in town.”

WHITNEY'S SECRET FXAMINATION,

That Justice Jcrome knew that he waa

| Glasaworkers’ Association tocombine some- | clear as soon as if was known to those
| what on (he American trust system. The | watching the case that Whitney was going
| story is that the Americans will take aj to “squeal” When the prisoner was
| eertain proportion of the shares of the | brought before the Justice at his own request
| companies ede and will form with the! his cotunsel, Emanuel Friend, insi« on

Belgians a sort of international partner
bhip.

|

present on the ground that his client
not be allowed to make any statc+

bein.
coul

gnc