cD

aaoololoIoSEIoaoaoaoaauaaaaaaaaanaB=EeEeESoIoSIoIoIoIlIolIlIlIlll—Se™”_
NEW YORK,

VOL, LXXIL—NO, 350.
SULTAN GRANTS ALL CLAIMS,

WARSHIP ARGUMENT BRINGS HIM
TO OUR TERMS.
ses aaa
Orders Had Been Given to Break Off Dip-
lomatic Relations if the Reply Was
Not Favorable—Fair«Treatment for
American Schools in Turkey Is Secured

 

 

WasHINGTON, Aug. 14.—It was officially
announced to-day that the controversy
between the United States and Turkey,
which for a time threatened to end in a
severance of diplomatic relations between
the two Governments, has been amicably
adjusted. United States Minister Leish-
man at Constantinople has informed the
State Department that he has obtained
from the Sultan a positive pledge that
American schools in Turkey will be treated
in accordance with the most favored na-
tion agreement and that equal rights
will be granted citizens of this country
with those of other nations. An indem-
nity of 5,000 pounds, Turkish, has been
secured for an American citizen, Mrs.
Lane, whose property in Turkey was de-
stroyed. x

The Sultan has issued an irade putting
his pledges into effect, and all matters of
difference between Turkey and the United
States having been adjusted, orders have
been sent to Admiral Jewell, in command
of the European squadron, consisting of
the cruisers Baltimore, Cleveland and
Olympia, to leave Smyrna, Asiatic Turkey,
at once,

A high officer of the State Department
made the following statement to-night:

“For many years the treatment of edu-
cational establishments in the Ottoman
Empire, founded and conducted byAmerican
citizens, has been very unsatisfactory.
While similar schools under the direction
of other foreigners have been recognized
as existing, and have been accorded the
regular license or imperial firman upon
application therefor, applications on be-
half of the schools under American control
have passed unnoticed. Temporary per-
mits, obtained from the local authorities,
have been hedged in with restrictions and
have not infrequently been ignored by the
Turkish Government. Difficulties and ob-

tructions have constantly been put in the
way of American teachers, in marked con-
trast to the favor shown to schools of other
nationalities and in contravention of the
rights of American citizens in Turkey to
the most favored treatment accorded to the
citizens or subjects of other States.

“This discrimination was especially
noticeable with regard to the Protestant
Medica! College at Beirut in the matter of
examinations and the right of graduates to
exercise their profession. The United
States Government claimed for the Ameri-
can school the same privileges accorded the
French tnedical school at Beirut, No such
material differences were seen in the achools
to warrant the discrimination practised,
the difference being chiefly in the system
of the Governments of France and the
United States: The Protestant Medical
College, holding the official! authorization
from and having the supervision of the
State of New York, from which it derives
its charter, was entitled to be regarded as a
national institution as much as the French
school.

“The earnest efforts of the American
Minister at Constantinople to secure for
eur schools and teachers the simple equality
of treatment to which they are entitled
having met with evasive and dilatory treat-
ment by the Sublime Porte, and no progress
having been made toward a better under-
standing, the President took the matter
in his hands and on Feb. 2, 1903, cabled
to Minister Leishman, directing him to
ask an audience of the Sultan, in order to
deliver to him a persdnal message from
the President of good will and assurance
of his hearty desite to cultivate and main-
taits the most cordial relations of friend-
ship,and to bring to the personal and direct
attention of his Majesty the embarrass-
ments and grievances under which this
Government and its citizens labor, with
an expression of the President’s desire and
expectation that the treatment of most
favored nations would be receiveu and
his claim of our colleges and schools to equal
treaty rights would be promptly recognized.

“Mr. Teishman's request for an audience
Was met with much evasion and delay.
Two months passed, in the course of which
one of the grounds of complaint was re-
moved hy the issuance of an irade for the
examination of students at the medical
college at Beirut. It was not until April 3
that Mr. Leishman waa able to deliver
the President's message in personal au-
dience of the Sultan. His Majesty was
leased to promise immediate considera-
tion of the requesta therein conveyed.
No progress whatever was made during
the next four months toward the settle-
nal of the questions at issue and the

resident's message still remained un-
énsvered, notwithstanding Mr. Leishman's
repeated and urgent representations,

“Last summer the report of the attempted
assassination of thé American Vioce-Consul
at Beirut led to the visit of the American
Metliterranéan squadron to that port to
investigate the circumstances. Its presence
was opportune. The notorious insecurity
of foreign life and property at Beirut, was
rernedied by the removal of the local Gov-
érnor and the substitution of a more ener-
getic and friendly officer in his place. The
immediate object having been accom-
plished, the squadron withdrew the last of
danuary, 1904.

“In the meantime Mr. Leishman's en-
deavor to advance a settlement of the
general questions at issue were unavailing,
the Porte being apparently unwilling to
Meet the President's requests during the

resence of the American fleet at Beirut.

withdrawal, however, did not hasten
Matters. Again and again Minister Leish-
man pressed for a favorable answer to the
President's message and as often was met
by evasive and vague responses.

“In a matter like this, concerning the
friendly intercourse of two equal nations
through their executive heads, the Prest-
dent's forbearance was sorely tried. As the
interests involved were not personal, but
national, the procrastination of the Otto-
man Government was an aspect little short
of an international indignity to the Ameri-
can nation. It became an_ imperative
duty to bring this phase of the matter to a
speedy close, and peremptory orders were
given to Minister Leishman to demand an
audience of the Sultan and ask for a re-
sponse to the President'n message of Feb.
2, 1903. The audience was at last accorded
on July 20, 1904, His Majesty promised
immediate consideration of the subject
and fixed Tuesday, Aug. 2; as the time
when a definite feaponte would be given
to Mr, Leishman by his Majesty. The

 

>

 

date then fixed was postponed to Thursday,
but on Thursday Mr, Leishman telegraphed
that the promised reply had not been re-
ceived,

“Thereupon the President directed that
the Mediterranean squadron, then at Ville-.
franche, near Nice, should proceed to
Smyrna in order that if the Sultan’s reply
should still be withheld, or be given and
prove unfavorable, the Minister might be
received on board with the courtesy due
his high office and conveyed to some con-
venient place, while Mr. Leishman was
instructed to press again for an immediate
answer, falling which he was to depart on
indefinite leave of absence and repair on
board the flagship. He was especially
charged to endeavor to reach a satisfactory
assurance of the settlement before the
arrival of the fleet at Smyrna ip order that
its visit might be one of friendly courtesy
befitting the good understanding of the
two Governments.

“The fleet, which was expected to arrive
at Smyrna on the morning of Thursday,
the 11th, did not reach port until the 12th.
On Thursday afternoon, however, the Sultan
sent one of his private secretaries to see
Mr, Leishman and submit the reply of
his Majesty giving assurance that no dis-
crimination shall be made between Ameri-
can schools and those of other nationalities
and incidentally offering an indemnity in
the amount claimed, 5,000 pounds, Turkish,
to an American citizen, Mrs. Lane, as the
price of property owned by her.

“The main object, which was to obtain
from the Sultan a positive pledge of the
most favored nation treatment for our
schools in Turkey, having thus been accom-
plished, the presence of the fleet is no longer
necessary and orders have been given for
its withdrawal. Mr. Leishman was ac-
cordingly instructed to secure without
delay such a formulation of his Majesty’s
pledge as will secure for our educational
establishments perfect equality of rights
with those which France and other nations
enjoy under conditions not less favorable
than those which France obtained by the
agreement of Mytilene in 1901, which de-
mand has been complied with,’ The in-
demnity to be paid to Mrs. Lane, closes,
it is believed, the only pecuniary claim
pending against the Turkish Government.”

It will be seen from this official state-
ment that the accounts contained in the
Washington despatches to THE Sun of the
seriousness of the recent situation were not
exaggerated. A severance of diplomatic
relations with Turkey was not merely con-
templated, but was actually ordered, con-
ditional on compliance by the Sultan with
the demands of this Government. A fact
worth noting in connection with the case
is that the radical instructions to Minister
Leishman and the orders to the American
European squadron to proceed to Smyrna
were coincident with the return to Wash-
ington of Secretary Hay, about whose
thorough accord with President Roosevelt:
in the action taken against Turkey there is
not the least shadow of doubt. Mr. Hay
was firmly convinced that the time for
further parleying with the Sultan had
passed and he was willing to take the re-
sponsibility of going to the limit of action
within thefauthority of the Executive branch
of the Government necessary to bring the
Sublime Porte to the point of seeing the
advisability of granting the term& de-
manded.

One of the most gratifying features of
the settlement with Turkey is that the last
pecuniary claim of the United States against
that country has been paid. Money matters
have occasioned the most serious differences
between the two Governments, and it 1s
noteworthy that it was not until John Hay
took charge of the State Department that
any real progress toward adjusting them
was made,

SWIM TO SAVE NON-UNION MAN,

Policeman Rescues Plager—Son Born to
the Cop About the Same Time.

Francis Plager, a non-union butcher
employed at the Schwarzschild & Sulzberger
plant, went swimming with other strike
breakers at the foot of East Forty-fifth
street yesterday afternoon. Plager ven-
tured so far out into the current that the
tide caught him and his strength gave way.

Policeman Wilday of the East Twenty-
second street station, who was patrolling
the docks on strike duty, saw Plager’s
danger. Stopping only to take off his
helmet and shoes, he went into the river
head first.

Plager sank when the policeman was
within a dozen yards of him. Wilday
dived once, came up for breath and tried
it again. He was about to go under again
when he saw Plager rise to the surface
about twenty yards further out. Wilday
grabbed Piager as he was about to sink
again, and began a struggle against the
tide to save Plager's life and his own.

Roundsman MoeCarthy on the pier threw
out along rope. Wilday secured it, looped
it under Plager's arms and the butcher
was hauled in. Wilday managed to hold
out until the same rope pulled him to the
dock. Then he fainted from exhaustion.

An ambulance had been summoned from
the Flower Hospital. Dr. Klausmann re-
vived Plager by heroic methods. After
a bit Wilday came around. His gold watch
was ruined and his uniform spoiled. They
sent to his house at 140 East Twenty-ninth
street to get dry clothing. Wher the po-
liceman who went came back, he said;

“You're out a uniform and a ticker, Wil-
day, but you're in a mighty fine kid.”

About the time Wilday was saving Pla-
ger’s life the policeman's wife gave birth
to a boy.

Capt. Lantry will recommend to Com-
missioner MoAdoo that Wilday  reocive
honorable mention and a gold medal.

 

HAMBURG'S 'CELLIST DROWNED.

 

Supposed to Have Rolled Overboard While
Asleep—Was Soon to Marry.

When the Hamburg-American liner Ham-
burg, in yesterday, sails for her home port
the orchestra, made up of the stewards
of the ship, will miss the ‘cello, Franz
Kuck, the ‘cellist, who was to have been
married to his sweetheart after the liner
returned to Hamburg, was lost at sea in
an electrical storm, in which the shiz, pitched
and rolled with unusual violence,

The ‘cellist had been somewhat nervous
and had been unable to get his usual sleep,
He went up on the boat deck about 4 o'clock
on Friday morning. Two passengers who
met him said he was quiet and cheerful
and that he remarked that he preferred
the outer air of the highest deck to a cabin
when he wae restless.

He was missed later and his shipmates
decided that he had rolled overboard while
asleep in the storm.

He had bought a little home in the Uh-
lenhorst section of Hamburg, on which he

-_———
—_

paid 600 marks, and he a to
be very » telling his ratte ot the
ship's orc! ra about prospects.

MONDAY,

 

  

  

 

DETECTIVES SURE THEY WERE
CLOSE TO MANNINO.

Woman Says She Saw Him Dragged Inte
a Hut by Two Italians—Father Is Deal-
ing With a Go-Between—Lad’s Captors
Withdraw Their Demand for Ransom.

The police believe that they got almost
within reach of kidnapped Antonio Man-
nino on Saturday night.

Following the most definite clue obtained
80 far, Detectives Finn and Mealli went to
an out-of-town region of Italian huts de-
scribed as being on a direct line of travel
from the house at 817 Thirty-ninth street,
where young Cucozza says he took the
kidnapped boy. A woman living near by
told the police that she saw a boy dragged
into a hut on Wednesday night by two
Italians. A photograph of little Tony
was shown to her and she identified it as a
picture of the boy she saw. Her description
of one of the men fitted Ladiuca, who is sus-
pected of the crime.

The detectives went through this quarter
on Saturday night in plain clothes, Mealli
walked ahead, and Finn, from behind,
cried out several times, as though calling
to his companion:

“Oh, Tony!”

Suddenly he was answered by the terri-
fled scream of a child which stopped
abruptly as though choked off. It was
impossible to tell from just which hut the
soundcame. The detectives smashed doors
and searched for four hours, but found
nothing ‘They are sure about the scream.

“Like a boy frightened to death,” says
Finn.

The location of these huts is probably
Long Island City. Coniglio, one of the
men under arrest, was a laborer on the
Long Island Railroad.

The men who hold little Antonio are
weakening. They have backed down from
their demands for ransom, Al! they ask
of Mannino now is that the four prisoners
held by the police be released. That is
not in Mannino’s power to give.

There are now three parties to the case,
all working more or less independently.
Sigretto and Mannino have cut loose from
the police and are in such close touch with
the kidnappers that their business is trans-
acted not alone by letters, but also by a
go-between. This go-between ia said to be
an Italian living in Brooklyn. ‘The police
are following leads and clues more or less
blind in their search for Vito Laduca, who
is supposed to be the arch-conspirator,
and Alavarero Sono, uncle to Angelo
Cucozza. Sigretto an& Mannino have a
secret service of their own, working inde-
pendently of the police toward the single
end of getting the little boy alive. The
police are no nearer to getting Laduca than
they were two days ago.

From the account of people living in
the same tenement, there appears to have
been ‘a conference in Laduca’s rooms at
360 Hudson avenue, Brooklyn, last Sunday
evening, the night before Cucozza made
his firat attempt to get little Antonio across
the river. A

Mrs. Laduca was at home yesterday, per-
fectly willing to talk about anything ex-
cept her husband's whereabouts, She says
that she saw him for a moment on Friday,
but where she will not tell. She admits
that they go by the names of “Longo” and
“Laduca,” indifferently, When the police
went through the place on Saturday they
took away a bundle of letters, the contents
of which were not given out.

Yesterday was another day of fruitless
search for the police, Early in the morn-
ing three expeditions started out, Detective
Finn made for New Jersey. He went
through Hoboken, Weet Hoboken, Wee-
hawken and Paterson, but got no results.
Another party of detectives scoured the
Italian quarter of Manhattan, and Wardman
Currao, who as at Italian has been brought
in, did some work in Brooklyn.

Sigretto, Mannino and their force of
employees were out all the morning. Early
in the afternoon they drove to South Ferry
in a light buggy, met Detective Sergeant
Vachria and Detective Gannon, and went
with them to Manhattan. They were ex-
cited and hopeful. Even the police seemed
to believe that the boy was surely going to
be found thistime. The expedition returned
at 8 o’clock, crestfallen.

Currao had more to report. With the
help of special officers he was trying to
find the go-between who has been con-
ducting negotiations for the release of
Cucozza, Coneglio and Galato. While
Mannino was cooperating with one set of
detectives, another set were trying to find
a man whom Mannino could name if he
would. Currao believes that he has located
his man. A raid in that direction is ex-
pected by this morning. These are all the
results of a busy day with Capt. Rooney's
aquad, They seem no nearer to the slippery
Laduca than on the day when Cucozza
named him as chief conspirator. Capt.
Rooney has been working night and day on
this case alone, and is worn out,

Every day Sigretto and Mannino become
more secretive. Mannino's house was
closed tightly yesterday. Whenever a
visitor knocked he was inspected. If he
was not wanted the door was slammed
without ceremony. Toevery question they
answered: “I don't know anything.”

It appears now that young Cuc ozza
took little Antonio from the very door
of the Amity street police station. The
boy’s playmates say that Antonio was
sitting on the station steps in the twilight
when Cucozza approached him and gave
him the half dollar which was spent on ice
cream for the crowd before Cucozza. and
his victim went away together. A police-
man was standing close by at the time.
Cucozza, in solitary confinement and
in danger of more third degree work, is
taking the situation very calmly.

“They may offer to exchange prisoners
till their gray hair drags the ground,” said
Capt. Rooney last night. “None of that
with us. Whether the boy comes back or
not, the prisoners will get all the law woe
can give them. Of course,our main object
now is to get that boy. We want two men
in this case,and Laduca is the one we want
most. The missing boy isn’t far from
him.”

The four prisoners will be arraigned

this morning in the Butler street police
court. ‘

Mra. Roosevelt Sends Cane to Firemen’s Fair

Mrs, Theodore Roosevelt has sent to Mrs.
Andrew Phillips, wife of the chief of the
Bayonne, N. J., fire department, a hand-
some cane of Porto Rican wood to be dis-
pen of at a fair for the benefit of the
empt Firemen's Association of that city.

Burnett's Extract of Vanilia
Has taken gold medals agains all other brands.

Ade. :

 

i

re oa

 

drowning at their summer home at City Is-
land yesterday afternoon. He was sitting
in his bathing suit on the long dock that
juts out into Pelham Bay at Pilot street
watching his wife, who was 160 feet from
him.

She cannot swim well, but has been re-
lying on “water wings” blown up with air
and fitting under her arms to buoy her up.
Yesterday she had ventured beyond her
depth when the “wings” collapsed.

Coroner O'Gorman reached his wife
as she went down a second time. He is
a strong swimmer and his wife is a small
woman so that he had little difficulty in
holding her up but he was becoming ex-
hausted by the time of the arrival of the
naphtha launch Sallie, the first of some
twenty boats to reach him after a quarter
of a mile race,

On the swim in Coroner O'Gorman drove
his foot against a nail in a partially sub-
merged log and out his toe. Dr. Curtin,
their family physician, found more to do
for the Coroner than for his wife, who was
suffering chiefly from fright and the shock.

DEATH SAVES OTHERS.

—

HIS
Engineer Stays by Throttle and Keeps

 

Cars on Track.

E1izaBeTH, N. J., Aug. 14—James Pettit,
engineer of a construction train on the
South Shore branch of the Central Railroad
of New Jersey, lost his life to-night, but in
doing so saved 200 others from injury and
perhaps death. The accident oocurred
four miles from here.

The South Shore line is a single track
affair and is used chiefly for transporting
laborers and material from the main line
in this city to the shops at Carteret. The
roadbed is of recent construction anc is
supported by piles driven in the soft
marshes.

The train, which consisted of the engine
and three coaches filled with employees,
was making the last trip to this city when
the accident ocourred. Engineer Pettit
saw the rails spread some twenty feet
ahead of his engine and applied the brakes.
The train was moving slowly at the time.
As a result of the engineer's faithfulness
the three coaches remained on the tracks
but the engine bumped along the ties and
finally rolled over the embankment.
Pettit went with it and he was crushed
under the engine in the marsh. Fred
Mooney, the fireman, escaped death by
jumping. He was painfully injured, how-
ever,

 

EDISON GOVERNESS A SUICIDE.

Asphyxtated by Gae While Absent From the
Inventor’s Home.

ORancE, N. J., Aug. 14.—Miss Ethel: K.
Pardoe, an attractive young woman about
25 years old, who has been in the employ
of Mrs. Thomas A. Edison as a governess
for the Edigon children, committed suicide
by gas asphyxiation to-day in the home
of Mrs. Annie G. Miller, at 148 Cleveland
Orange. The police have been
unable to ascertain why she killed herself.

street,

WIFE'S LIFE.
O’Gorman Swam Out to Her and Brought
Her to the Shere in Safety.
Coroner O'Gorman saved hie wife from
Letters found in her room indicate that
her father, who was a Canadian minister,
died last winter, and it is surmised that
sorrow and loneliness prompted her to
the deed.

That the asphyxiation was not accidental |

was proved by the fact that she had care-
fully plugged the keyhole and cracks in
the doors and windows.
At 4 o'clock this afternoon, Mrs. Edison,
accompanied by her husband, rode up
to the Orange police station in an electric
automobile. Mrs. Edison expressed great
concern at the unhappy fate of her former
governess. She said that Miss Pardoe
was merely stopping at Mrs. Miller's for
a few weeks and would have returned to
her house soon. She inquired for detaile
and wanted to see the body at the morgue,
but Mr. Edison advised her not to. Both
she and her gon said they thought Mies
Pardoe came from Novar, Muskoka,
Ont., Canada. They said her father was
a minister who had preached at several
churches in the Dominion and that she
was well connected.

WEDS FIRST LOVE'S DAUGHTER.

C. E. A. MacGeaohey, Actor, Married on
July 2, in Jersey City, to Miss Hone.

The marriage of Charles Edward Alleyne
MacGeachey, an actor in Charles Froh-
man’s forces, to Miss Della Hone, a sister
of Mra. LeRoy Jones, which occurred on
July 2 in Jersey City, as announced yester-

 

day, will come as a surprise to the friends
of both parties. MacGeachey is nearly 58
years old and his bride 80, The Hones live
at 216 Edgecombe avenue.
The mother of MacGeachey's bride
before her marriage was 4 Mises Emma
Atwood of this city. She is now about the
same age as MacGeachey. When they were
children they often played together, and
MacGeachey asked her to marry him.
The parents of both parties objected
and the match was broken. MacQeachey
never married, until he suddenly fell in
love with Miss Hone, the daughter of the
woman he hoped to marry forty years
o. For the last ten years MacGeachey
has lived with his sister, Rose MacGeaochey,
at 25 West Sixty-fifth street. He came
home from the road six weeks ago, and one
day he went uptown with his sister to look
for a place to live on Washington Heights.
While they were in that part of town
MacGeachey remembered the Hones and
called on them with hie sister. He fell in
love with Mrs. Hone's daughter, and the
marriage quickly followed. The announce-
ment was not made until yesterday because
MacGeachey had to leave for San Francisco
with the Henry Miller company, and he did
not want anything said until he arrived
there. His bride left last Tuesday to join
him at San Francisco, and arrived there
last night.
Mrs. MacGeachey is the daughter of the
late Philip Hone and a great-granddaughter
¢ Philip Hone, a former Mayor of this
y.

STALLED FLEET GETS AWAY.

Seventy-five, Moving South at Last, Passed
by the Iroquois in One Day.
The sailing fleet held up more than a
month north of Hatteras by adverse winds |
and the accelerated Gulf Stream has been |
released at last. Never in the history of
coastwise navigation have so many big
fore-and-afters struggled for so long a}
time in an effort to pass the stormy cape.
The Clyde liner lrogyole, in yesterday from
Jacksonville and Charleston, pa on
Saturday eevee are of the fleet headed
south, with a ligt t northerly wind bellying
all the canvas they could spread.

 

Six trains a day via the water-icvel route of the
Ee, Yorn Otalrai-to St, Louts, and the big fair is
full Ade, aig
\
See ee

| Jews were determin

AUGUST 15, 190 4.—Copuriaht, 1904, by The Sun Printing'and Publishing Aanociation,

WOMEN FIGHT OVER MONKBY,

ROW STIRS LONGACRE SQUARE;
ENDS IN POLICE STATION.

os

 

There Sergt. M’Cann Turns Solomon and
Awards Monk to Princess Gown,
as Against White Dress—’Twas a
Lady Monk, and Was Called Evelyn.

A woman, young, yellow haired and
dressed in a close fitting, black silk princess
gown, sat in a hansom cab in front of the new
Hote! Astor, on Longacre Square, about 10
o'clock last night, with a monkey in her
arms, defending herself from the frantic
rushes from the sidewalk of another young
woman attired in white.

The girl in the cab hugged the monkey
tightly to her breast, evading skilfully
sudden snatches made for the cowering
little beast by the woman in white. The
monkey—it was a lady monkey—was gowned
in a Japanese kimono, whose gorgeous
reds’ matched the bloom on the nose of
the stolid cabby, who did not attempt the
réle of peacemaker.

“Stop, you hateful thing!” screamed
Princess Gown, as the woman in white made
one more fruitless effort to grab the monk.

“She is my own, dear, sweet Evelyn. 1
will not let you have her. I'll die first.”

“You know that's a lie,” said White Dress,
glaring from the sidewalk. “She’s my
monkey, and her name is Margaret. If you
don't hand the child over, you'll stand a
pretty good chance of dying.”

Attack and defence began again. Both
women screamed. The terrified monkey
chattered and gibbered. The cabby lost
something of his stolidity and clambered
heavily down from his seat. People
rushed to the spot from up and down Broad-
way. Trolley cars stopped in front of the
hotel and curious folks jumped out to see
what was doing.

Along came Cop Rodihan of the Weat
Forty-seventh street station, elbowing the
rubber necks aside.

“What's the row here?” he demanded,
one hand restraining White Dress from
another assault upon Princess Gown’s
defences. The difficulty was explained ina
torrent of fevered adjectives and improper
nouns, Rodihan Was puzzled. White Dress
had an inspiration.

“Tl tell you what,” said she. “If you'll
promise to keep our names secret we'll
settle this whole thing by going to your
police station and asking your boss to
arbitrate.”

Rodihan said he was willing, provided no
charge was preferred by either woman,
Detectives Martineau and Baker arrived
at that juncture. They regarded the monk
with unfriendly eyes as a disturber of peace
and traffic.

Princess Gown and White Dress, tem-
porarily non-combatant, went in one han-
som cab to the West Forty-seventh street
station. The monkey crouched between
them, chattering shrilly. ‘The two detec-
tives and the policeman chartered another
open-faced cart and followed. Their prog-
ress was marked by some excitement,
the Japanese kimono of the maiden monkey
attracting humorous comment.

Sergt. McCann, on duty at the West
Forty-seventh street station, rubbed his
eyes when the two women and the silk
bedecked monkey lined up in front of his
desk.

“What's all this?” said he.

“I don’t rightly know, sir,” replied the
cop. “Better let the ladies and the monk
speak for themselves.” !

White Dress took up the tale.

Both she and Princess Gown lived in a
fashionable apartment uptown until five |
weeks ago, she told the sergeant. At that |
time Princess Gown moved away, and |
simultaneously, she said, she missed her
monkey, Margaret. Last night, passing the
corner of Broadway and Forty-fifth street,
she saw Princess Gown in a hansom fond-
ling a monkey she recognized as her beloved
Margaret. She was angry. She lost her
temper. She said things and scrapped.

Then Princess Gown told her story. The
name of the monk was Evelyn, she de-
clared, and White Drees had no claim to it.

The sharp eyed sergeant saw thefmonkey
reaching out its skinny little arms once or
twice toward Princess Gown during the
flow of explanation. Memorles of Sancho
Panza, a Cadi or two and Solomon the Wise
came to McCann:

“Put the monk on the floor,” said he.

Evelyn-Margaret, her silk kimono flut-
tering, ran straight to Princesa Gown.

“That seems to settle it, ladies,” said
the sergeant. “You left the thing to me
to settle peaceably, so I award the monkey
to this lady here,” pointing to Princess
Gown. :

Princess Gown beamed and flashed a
pair of very effective blue eyes at McCann.
White Dress was depressed and regarded
the sergeant darkly.

“Well, said she, “I want to see the little
dear now and then, anyway; you get her to
promise that, will you?”

Princesa Gown, tickled with victory,
agreed, The pair left the police station
amicably, both smiling at Evelyn-Margaret.
“For an Irishman I guess I'm about the
warmest thing in Solomons that ever was,”
remarked MoCann to the cops,

TELLS OF JEW MASSACRES.

a z
ee a peepee ep oer See pNEENSERESEpSNNEES SaieeomeEEseeoIocEnre eee rot

rE

 

 

 

 

Rassian Correspondentjof a New York
Paper Reports Twe Outbreaks.

The Jewish Morning Journal will print
to-day the following from ite correspondent
at Warsaw, Russia:

“On Sunday, July 81, in the city of Ostro-
wits, Government of Rodom, a Jew was
quarrelling with a Gentile. The latter,
who was an ¢pileptic, fell during the en-
counter as a result of one of his fits. The
Christian bystanders, howéver, raised the
cry that the Jew murdered their comrade.
In a short time all the Christian inhabitants
of the town turned out and proceeded to
avenge the alleged crime. The riot that
ensued resolved iteelf into a massacre of
Jéws, of whom twenty were killed and a
great number wounded. The massacre
asted all day.

“Another massacre occurred on Saturday,
July 30, in the town of Potseveh, Govern-
ment of Sedlitz, in the following manner:

“A local clergyman induced a small |
Hebrew girl to embrace the Christian faith.
The parente of the girl went to the church
whore their daughter was confined, aocom-
panied by some of their Jewish friends
and demended her releas* on the groun
that the court had decided that the girl
was under age and could not act indepen- |
dently in such matters, and that consequently
her parents had the right to interfere with
her action. The Sere nae seeing that the |

to use force if neces- |

sary, called the Mayor to hia aid.

incited the populace against the Jews and a

flerce riot ensued, More than a hundred

rere were ore wounded. aoe a

dead ia unknown because the ce
withhold the facta.” oe

 

 

The two

 

 

| Hymn of the Republic,”

/| making an appeal to the people of Newport

 

Fair

 

—

MRS. MAYB

Coming Here on the Vaieriand Under |
the Name of Hose Ingram. |
Spectal Cable Despatch to THB SuN. 1
ONDON, Aug, 15.—The Chronicle save |
that Mrs. Florence Maybrick left Rouen |
and was met in Paris by Percy Barnard,
stepson of Dr. Denamore of New York.
On Friday they went to Antwerp. |
There 8S. V. Hayden, a Washington law- |
yer, met Mrs. Maybrick. He and his wife |
and Mrs, Maybrick embarked on the steamer |
Vaderland for New York on Saturciay mor- |
ing, Mre. Maybrick travelling under the |
name of Rose Ingram. Baroness de Roques, |
Mra, Maybriok’s mother, will follow later

 

oe mee eee

WANTS LOTS OF CHILDREN.:

Flathouse Landlord Offers Prizes for
Them and Builds Them a Howse.
William C, Smith, who lives in a big house |
at Anthony avenue and 178th street, has .
nearly finished building, a block away, at |
Anthony avenue and Echo place, a six
story flathouse which will be adapted es-
pecially for children, On the top floor is a |
huge playroom for the little folks and a
large back yard has been equipped with |
swings and other things that appeal to |
children, |
Mr, Smith saya that the parenta of any |
baby born in his flathouse will get a month's |
|
t
{

 

rent free; twins two months’; triplets, from
three to six,

FOUND $500—-REWARD, 20 CENTS.

Honest Lad Gave the Envelope Contain-
ing the Money té Woman Who Claimed It.

Eleven-year-old John Knox, son of the
gelatine manufacturer, who is staying with
his parents at the Oriental Hotel, Man- |
hattan Beach, started for Brighton Beach |
last night. On the floor of one of the cars
on the Marine Railway young Knox found
an envelope containing five $100 bills.
The boy danced with glee when he arrived
at Brighton.

At that point a middle-aged and frantic
woman was pacing the platform, She
acéosted all the passengers, asking:

“Did you find anything?”

When she tackled Johnny the boy “fessed
up.”

The woman thanked Johnny, gave hin
20 cents and hurried to a Brooklyn train.

CROWD MET MISS ROOSEVELT.
1,000 Persons at the Station tn Partiand,
Me., to See President's Daughter.
PorTLAND, Me., Aug. 14.—-Mias Roosevelt, |
daughter of the President, eee |
by Mrs. Harrison Blaine Beal arrived in |
Portland on the 7:10 o'clock train from
Bar Harbor, to-night. Shea was met af
the atation by Col, Frederick Hale, son of
Senator Hale, and driven at once to the
Hale residence on State street, i
About 1,000 persons were in the station |
to see the President's daughter, and, as |
she went directly through the main wait- |
ing room of the station, they formed a
narrow lane through which she had to pass. |
“Simple plans have been made for Miss |
Roosevelt's entertainment while she is;
here. On Monday forenoon she will rest
at the Hales’. In the afternoon she will be
taken for a sail as the guest of J. Hopkins
Smith in the steam yacht Gyda. On Mon- |
day evening, in company with a few in- |
vited guests, she will attend a theatrical ;

performance at Peak's Island.

Miss Roosevelt and Mrs. Beala will leave
on Tuesday morning for Newport, where
they will be guests of the Ogden Millses.

JULIA WARD HOWE SPEAKS.

Appears tn a Newport Pulpit to Appeal
for a Hospital's Neecs.

Newpont, R. I., Aug. 14.—Mrs, Julia
Ward Howe, the author of the “Battle
to-day occupied |
the pulpit of Channing Memorial Church |
to speak in behalf of the Newport, Hospital,
a private institution, which is bontrolled
by a number of influential cottagers.

The institution has been running behind
and has been obliged to curtail its expenses
and shut down certain Wards, It is now

 

 

 

 

 

 

to assist in ite support. :
LOCOMOTIVE HITS TROLLEY.

ees one cee

 

Carries It 1560 Feet and Threws It inte!
a Swamp—Five Men Hurt.

PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 14.--Five men had a
narrow escape from death early this morne
ing in a head-on collision between a loco-
motive running south on the Pennsylvania .
Railroad tracks and a trolley car of the
Southwestern Transit Company going cast
on Moyamensing avenue. The crash o-- :
curred at Seventeenth street, wher. the |
lines of the two roads intersect.

The trolley car Was carried for n dista\.ce |
of 180 feet on the fender of the engine and
then hurled down a steep embankment
intoaswamp. ‘The trolley car was smashed
to pieces, Neither the motorman nor the
four young men who were in the car were
very much injured.

NO CEDING OF PHILIPPINES.

Secretary Taft Corrects a False Impres-
sion Received from His Speech.

Sr. Louis, Aug. 14.—In his speech at the
exposition grounds yesterday Secretary
Taft, in discussing the subject of a Govern-
ment aided railroad in the islands said:

“Should the Philippine Ielands be trans-
ferred to another government the terms |
of the charter could impose the obligation
upon the new government.”

This was taken by some of his hearers to
indicate that the Secretary favored ceding
America's Far Eastern possessions to some
other Power,

In the most emphatic lan, age Secretary |
Taft to-night denied that he intended to |
intimate the possibility of a future tranefer |
of the islands. |

THE PRESIDENT'S PLANS. |

 

 

 

 

 

Will Go to Oyster Bay Next Saturday and
Return to Washington on Sept. 20.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.—President Roose- |
velt is now keeping bachelor's hall at the |
White House, Mra. Roosevelt and the chil-
dren being at Oyster Bay. The President
will leave Washington for Oyster Bay
next Saturday TASTE and according |
to his present plans will return here per-
manently on pt. 20. Both while he is |
at his summer home and after he returns |
to Washington for the fall and winter |
Mr. Roosevelt will observe the rule of noi
receiving delegations of visitors except
on official business until after the election,
The Presidtnt spent the greater part of

}
{
‘

the day alone at the White House, but he .
, attended divine service at the Dutch Re- |
formed Church in the morning, and went

out for a horseback ride Jate in the after- |
noon. Secretary of Agriculture Wilson |
was the only visitor in the evening, he

and the President sitting on the Buth

porch and chatting for some time.

 

——

SiCtUE SE CARR: AU

CK SAILS. |

' movoi, Rossia and Bogatyr.

Monvay, AUGUST 18, 1994,
to-day; showers to-morrow.

 

——~-- =

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 
 

JAP SEA VICTORY,

Cruiser Rurik Sunk After Five-
Hour Batile.

TWO OTHERS DAMAGED.

 

Kamimura Catches and Defeats
the Viadivostok Squadron.

Sunday Moruing Naval Engagement Neortt
the Corea Strait.
~-Bussians Kvidently Trying to Ferm
Junction With Some of the Pert Aethur
Fleet—Russian and Japanese Reports
on the Capture of the Ketshitelny

Arthur Under Fire for
More Troops Going There.

of Tsushima = in

Agree—Port
Hive Days

Special Cuble Despatch jo THR SUN.

Tokio, Aug. 14.—Admiral Kamimura re-
ports that he met three cruisers belonging
to the Vladivostok squadron at dawn this
morning north of Tsushima. After a fight
thrat lasted five hours the Japanese sank
the Rurik. /

The other two cruisers fled northward,
badly damaged. The datnage to the Japan-
ese warships was very slight.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.—According to
advices received at the Japanese Legation
from Tokio, the Russian Vladivostok equad-
ron has been vanquished by the Japanese
squadron under Admiral Kamimura. These
cablegrams from Tokio were received at
the Legation here to-day:

“Tokio, Aug. 13.—Commander of Take-
shiska naval station reports our fleet tele-
graphed him by wireless that Russian
Viadivostok squadron was sighted at $:10
A. M. Reported subsequently an engage-
ment being fought.”

“Tokio, Aug. 14.--Kamimura reports that
our squadron, after five hours severe fight-
ing with three ships of the Russian Viadi-
vostok squadron, on the morning of the

! 14th, three miles north of Tsushima, sank

the Rurik. Other two ships apparently
suffered heavily and fled northward. Our
damage slight.”

Tsushima Island, north of which the
battle was fought, is in the Corea Strait
off southern Japan. It is in the direct
route from Vladivostok to Shanghai. The
Russians were evidently trying to form a
junction with the Port Arthur fleet.

Originally the Vladivostok squadron
consisted of four cruisers, the Rurik, Gro-
The latter
went on the rocks near Vladivostok a few
weeks ago.

The Rurik was a belted cruiser of 10,040
tons’ displacement, was 425 feet long, of
67 feet beam and 20% feet draught. She
carried four 8-inch gune, sixteen 5.5-inch
and six 4.7-inch quick firers, and twenty-
four smaller guns, including four machine

uns.

She also had six torpedo tubes, all above

the water. Her armor belt was ten inches
thick at its heaviest part. She had made
18.8 knota under forced draught. Her

fighting fore: was 768 men,

The Viadivostok squatron made several
successful raids along the Japanese coast,
sinking transports and capturing ships
with contraband a! oard. Admiral Kami-

; mura had been severely criticised for his

failure to catch these Russian ships, and
demands were made in Tokio for his recall

DID TRY TO BLOW UP THE SHIP.

—.

 

Russian Commander Tells of Capture of
the Ketshitelny—Japan’s Report.
Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN.

Sr, PRTERSBURG, Aug. 14.--Capt. Rost-
chakovski telegraphs to the Czar under
date of Aug. 11 as follows:

“L arrived at Chefoo with the Ret shitelny.
bearing important despatches, having ef-
fected a passage through two blockad-
iug lines. According to orders from Ad-
miral Gregorovitch, I disarmed the ship
and lowered my flag. All formalities
were duly carried out on the night of Aug, 11
in port, when the Retshitelny was piratically
attacked by the Japanese, who had ap-
proached with two torpedo boats afd a
Cruiser. They sent a party under com-
mand of an officer as though to enter into
pourparlers. Not having arms to resist,
I gave orders for preparations to blow up
the ship. ‘

“When the Japanese began to hoist their
flag I insulted the Japanese officer, striking
him and throwing him into the water.

| I then ordered my crew to throw the enemy,

into the sea, Our resistance, however
was unavailing. The Japanese took pos-
session of the boat. Explosions occurred
in the engine room and fore part of the
vessel, but the Retshitelny did not sink.
She was taken from the port by the Japanese.
I hope they will not be able to take her to
one of their own ports.

“The officers and crew were saved except
the engineer, a stoker and four othet men,
who Were slightly wounded. Naval Ensign
Petroff, who resisted the hoisting of the
Japanese flag, received a severe blow in the
chest with the butt end of a musket, cats
ing internal hemorrhage. I received a
wound in the right thigh. The bullet has
not yet been extracted. The conduct of the

' officers and crew was above all praise.”

A supplementary report. from Adtiral
Alexieff sayn:

“The Consul at Chefoo reports that while
conferring with the Taotai regarding the
temporary stay of the Retshitelny to re-
commander of the

| pair her engines the
torpedo boat, acting under instructions
from Admiral Gregorovitch, and owing
to the defective condition of his engines,
| entered into negotiations with the Chinese

Admiral on the subject of disarmament
of tle torpedo boat, and handed over the
breech blocks of the guns and his rifles
and lowered his ensign.

“After the Japanese attack, Capt, Reat-
ohakoveki, Engineer

<a ere