a

Va

rs

ER 2 a a
To-day cloudy and warmer, followed by

snow; clearing and colder to-morrow.

Highon Serpe teeate enacted Sti lager 3

D

 

a ;
VOL. LXXXV.—NO. 128, +++

<< ——e—————
— ———

CITY GETS COAL U.S. AVIATORSIN
FOR ALL NEEDS; BOMB RAID ON»

 

  

POOR SUPPLIED GERMAN LINES

 

 

Week's Crisis Relieved by| Attack Is Reprisal for Kill-|
Large Shipments and | ing of Two American
Warmer Weather. | Woodchoppers.

|
|
|
95,000 TONS BROUGHT IN ALLIES ACT AS prtors|

 

 

 

 

Police Aid in Distribution of | Teutons Aroused by Reports,

Small Lots to Families | of This Country’s Aero-

'
|
|
}

 

 

in Want. plane Plans.
| ‘cs
With a steady rise in temperature and | : By the Associated Press.
WitH THE AMERICAN” ARMY IN)

g steady flow of coal coming in by barge | :
and train, the time of officials concerned | FRaNce, Jan. 5.—United States aviators |
with the coal situation in this city was | have flown over the German battle lines |
and dropped bombs in conjunction with |

mainly taken up yesterday with the)

pressing problem of distribution. ee and French pilots.

The problem was met in great part by The flight of the Americans virtually |

was a ie ,
the heads of various city departments, | 454.) tae Caen auteana a nee dear’
who worked all day in close cooperation | bombing expedition a

with the Fuel Administration, and under |

the personal direction of Mayor Hylan. pe avate Kae authorities he Amert-
fhe police alone distributed 382 tons of | servation and photosTaphic werk. tt te
coal among 38,982 poor families, after | not thought advisable to name the places
ascertaining the whereabouts of the fuel
by a house to house canvass conducted
in every precinct within the five bor-
oughs. The charity organizations, acting
{n connection with the City Chamberlain

ing expedition, but it was well beyond
nl alec air defence lines at the

 

 

week ago. i
Through the courtesy of the British |

 

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, JANUARY. 6, 1918.—copyrtont, 1918, by the Bun Printing ond Pudlieding Association

 

 

 

 

In Greater
New York.

PRICE FIVE CENTS {

72 PAGES.

 

 

LLOYD GEORGE GIVES ALLIES’ WAR AIMS; :

WOULD NOT DESTROY GERMANY, HE SAYS;
WASHINGTON STILL SEES NO SIGN OF PEACE

 

ae

TROTZKY HEADS
PEACE MISSION

Goes to Brest-Litovsk, but
Hopes for Transfer of Con-
ference to Stockholm.

 

 

BRITISH STANDING FIRM

 

Recognition of Bolsheviki Is
Called Baseless—Neutral
Diplomat German Tool.

 

Lonpdon, Jan. §.—Leon Trotzky, th
Bolshevik Foreign Minister, accompanied
by the Russian delegates, is on his way

where the Americans flew on the bomb- | tO Brest-Litovsk to resume the peace ne-

Gotiations with the representatives of
the Teutonic Powers, An early report raid

Plans of Germany for aerial war-| that when the delegates of the Central
fare on a larger scale than heretofore, | Powers reached Brest-Litovsk to resume

ard the Coal Administration, distributed | !t is indicated in documents taken from | negotiations to-day, no Russian repre-

at least 500 tons more. About 25,000 | enemy prisoners, are founded upon pub-

tons, in the extraordinary course of | lished statements regarding the aerial |
business for which provision has been | Warfare plans of the United States. In- |
made through the Fuel Administration | formation to this effect has reached the | that the negotiations be transferred to

and through the Government acting as American expeditonary forces.
supreme head of the railroads, reached |
the city on trains and barges and was! Heving that America intended putting

 

aid to the points which require large | the battle area, immediately enlarged
supplies of coal for large consumers. j their own plans in the
| offsetting the increased enemy forces.

Union Rules Go by Board. | Just when the enemy's programme will

At a meeting in the City Hall organ-
fzed labor lent its aid and eomfort by
agreeing that for the duration of the
coal shortage all union rules would go
by the board and that tiere would be no
strikes and no fine points of technique in
the matter of union men working over- |
time. Union officials representing the |
teamsters, haters, loaders and engineers
pledged themselves and their organiza-
tions to this pact and promised hearty
cooperation with all public or private | fs
agencies concerned in filiing the clty’8 | to.4
bing, '

Mr. Schley warned the public gener-

_ regarded by ranking officers as making
‘it extremely desirable for a Speedy and

complete development of American air
| service.

FIVE MORE DIE.

 

Disease.
ASHINGTON, Jan. 5.—Gen. Pershing

Sergeant Harry H. Rowland, pneu-

It ts indicated that the Germans, be- |

distributed by dealers to large concerns ‘ Machines by the tens of thousands inte |

|

sentatives were found. All that awaited
the Teutons was a telegram requesting

Stockholm.

Later Berlin supplied information as
to the delay and asserted that Trotaky.
who did not attend the earlier negotia-

expectation of | tions, had etarted for the German hea@-

quarters: at Brest-Litovsk with his cols

| be realized is uncertain, bat the informa. | !e2gsues. According to the Berlin advices
/tlon obtained in captured documents is | Baron von dem Bussche-Haddenhausen.

the German Under Secretary for Foreign
Affairs, who {is acting as Foreign Minis-
ter in the absence of Dr. Kuhimann, in-

{formed the Reichstag Main Committee

| Pershing Amnoances Deaths Due to |
|

ay reported five deaths as follows: |

{

5 . S |
ally yesterday that of the 25,000 tons Surirgy, x ty Wabi avenue, Saratoga,

 

ich reached the city during the day,

Sergeant Charles A. Fraley, pneu-|

only about half was such coal as 1!8' monia; Lincoin, Neb. |

 

 

 

gin until December 1.
It was said at the Treasury that more
than 200,000 checks to members of sol-

 

 

 

 

 

less meal each day as well as a wheat-
less day each week, and one meatiess

avallable for dwelling house needs, in-
into the city in increased quantities con- | Pittsburg, Pa.
certain optimistic figu®es given out =
SOLDIERS’
STARTS PAY DIQURE
Tast, should be read In the knowledge
main in this city, as much of it was
were 62,250 tons on barges at tidewater, | Baker is investigating complaints that
waiting to be towed. At tidewater al-/ OF October,
Mr, Smith said, a total of 227.600 tons,| Mr. Baker sald to-day that the delay
the pressure on-the Pennsylvania tun- | names in many instances.
them, as against 127 cars on Friday. termaster-General’s Department. The
Dloyees, acting under orders from Mayor
The policemen began their task when
With the task of inquiring into the coal | °
|One Wheatiess and Meatless Meal
department, expressed himself as highly |
efforts of the police and with the willing-
Fether 382 tons of coal were gathered | “Meatless” means
mutton, veal
shovelful, as in cases where the | Tuesdays and Saturdays are to be

cluding the needs of apartment houses |! Lebanon, Kan
and hotels, and that until coal is coming Private Robert N, Jedlicks, bronchitis;
fumers should be very frugal in their; Private Otto R. Edmon 1
consumption of it. He said also that Oldham, 8. D, ee ereninattts,
earlier in.the day by Albert H. Smith,
Director General of Raliroads for the
that only @ moderate proportion of the | Saker Saxe Delay May Be Due to
ma! discussed by Mr. Smith would re- |

| 8 "
billed through to points East and North. , w Spectal Despatch to Tas Sun.

Mr. Smith said yesterday that there ASHINGTON, Jan. 5, — Secretary
loaded and starting for Manhattan, and wn families have not received pay
another 60.800 tons also Icaded and Sllotments for as far back as September
together, counting the coal on cars,| YOrk have discovered, it Is sald, many
harges, floats and in pockets there was, | C@8¢8 of destitution as @ result.

Of the coal actually reaching the city jeeeme ta neve been Gus to “olerioa) oon:
yesterday 14,280 tone came by barge and fusion” owing to mistakes made in
; ; jaints have to do with the old te.
re's was so lightened that tt was only | > em
necessary to send seventy cars through | Of Pay allotments handled by the Quar-

new law went into effect November 1
Police Look Oat for Poor,
It was the police and other city em-
Hylan, who yesterday made a comforta-
Wie Sunday possible for the city’s poor. | next two days.
the first morning platoon went out and | NEW ULE ISSUED
every patrolman found himself charged , FOOD R .
supply of every building on his beat, |
Commissioner Bugher, as head of the; Every Day Regatred.
Brat last night with the way the citi-
zens of the city generally had met the
tess with which they had permited their day diti
Supplies of coal to be reduced. Altos ae sac a eae oe
hy the police during the day. beef, pork, pork products,
° of this coal was obtained by the | and lamb.
came upon coal being delivered | porkless days. ‘“Porklees’ means no
houses and were permited to take a | fresh or salt pork, bacon, ham or lard.

 
  
 
  

nm toll of it, and in other cases it was The Jarge hotels are also requested to
‘ ante buted by the several tons, Mayor! eliminate beef, pork and pork products |
ap et himself contributed three tons! from banquets and luncheon parties.

; e cellar of his home in Brooklyn, The Food Administration has asked
leaving himself with only a single ton. | that candies or mints be omitted after
‘he coal was gathered in by wagons of | meals, and honey or maple syrup be sub-
© Highway, Street Cleaning and Park | stituted. It is suggested that icing on
Cepartments, and was distributed free in; cakes be cut out and that fruits, pre-
*mall quantities to 3,082 poor families. | Serves, jams and marmalades be used as
Many of those who contributed the coal | “fillers” for ope» topped tarts,

tie

 

 

 

  
  

 

Clerical Confusion. !

The Food Administration will require |

hotel managements to have one wheat- | episode will lead to the rescinding of the

Corporal Frank M. May, pneumonia ; |

Charity workers in New!

Such com- |

last, but payments under it did not he-«

that he had received the following tele-
gram from Petrograd.

The tranafer of negotiations to neu-
tral territory has been suggested only
on account of the stage which the ne-
gotiations have reached. In view of
the arrival of the German delegation
at Brest-Litovek, the Russian delega-
tion,saccompanied by M. Trotzky, is
leaving Saturday for Brest-Litovesk.
They are convinced that an under-
Standing !n regard to the transfer of
the negotiations to neutral ground will
give rise to no difficulty.

Preferred a Neutral Place.
The Russians requested transference

|of the negotiations to Stockholm, bee

cause they would have less difficulty
sin obtaining full publicity con-

|cerning the negotiations, and also be-

cause they preferred a neutral place to
the German Eastern Headquartens for
holding the discussions. The German
Chancellor, Count von Hertling, told
tho Reichstag Main Comittee on Thurs-

vay that the German delegates had been

instructed to refuse to transfer the ue-
gotiations to Stockholm.

A Copenhagen despatch to the Ex-
change Telegraph Company says that
the crisis between the Central l’ower?
and Russta, because of the Bolshevik
demand that peace negotiations be dis-
cussed {in a neutral country, !s having
a powerful effect in German politics and
is likely to lead to a sharp c@ flict be-
tween the Centre and the Socialist par-
ties. The Conservatives at present are
making determined efforts to cause a
rupture between Philipp Schetdemann,
president of the Social Democratic party,

, and Matthias Erzberger, Clerical Cen-

'diers’ families were to be mailed in the.

trist.

Newspapers such aes the National
Zeitung and the Duetsches Zeitung as-
sert that advances have taken place be-
tween the National Liberal and the Centre
Parties and that they are likely to lead
to new developments in the Cerman

| poliey.

The Deutsches Zeitung sats: “It ts to

| be hoped that the change in the political

no red meat, Buch as |

* Bolsheviki of Maxim

Wh! be paid for it eventually, but the bull |

of ,. ‘er'ay's contributors gave it free.'! TQ LEAD RED CROSS IN FRANCE, |

awe “ers all through the elty aided the |

,l#hon among those badly in need |

ak ', but able to pay for it, yester- | Mater famen Ms Revising Will Ree;

“ar, hy selling it direct at thelr yards, | Meve Major Murphy.

: New York Central coal yards Ww 5

SPantisreere > | ABHINGTON, Jan, 5.—Major James H.

a t ath rd street and the Hudson | Perkins, vice-president of the National

ne at the Lebigh Valley pockets | city Bank of New York, and now tn

ali foot of West Twenty-séventh | prance with the American Red Cross

Sy eae us such quantities as could Commission, will immediately take up

ie cred was sold direct to the pubs direction of the commission's work and

oo Tdinarily the railroads handle | relieve Major Grayson M. P. Murphy,

i xclus vely for their own use, but! who is to join Gen, Pershing's expedi-
© emergency of thousands of famt- | tionary forces, |

fe “Without it, acted as retail dealers |

/' @ few hours to relieve the general

mrean The National Coal and Coke FIRST SUFF VOTE IN

,upany at 110th street and First ave- |
we continued yesterday to dispense its |
offering of 3,000 tons of coke. |
|

|

|

'

THIS STATE CAST

 

dal)

The Equitable LL ; 2

gin” gAitabe Late, Aasiranee to: | Methodist | Preacher's Wife
sunday pay envelopes yesterday and Has the Distinction.

 

need fifteen tora on the street in
Pound bags. Men who are in ree |
‘ of more than comfortable salaries |

Bxty
rely
Dp

BINGHAMTON, N. Y., Jan.
ee Fred O. Chauncey, wife of the pastor of
Equitable employ were only too'the Methodist Church at Lisle, this

In
Rlad to
10 take
Tatlen

©

 

 

hy

five tons

But she was able
to cast It only after being challenged
and swearing in her ballot.

Lisle held a special local option elec-
tion to-day. Mrs, Chauncey was first in
line at 6 o'clock this morning. Orlando
Burtis, proprietor of the hotel in Lisle,
challenged her vote, probably to Inay
basis for a contest if the town went dry

will distribute another twenty- | took effect January 1.
in the frame way to-morrow, ‘|

. Boroughs of the city other than Man- |
Aattan reported fair conditions in the |
yal er of fuel during the day. ‘Thirteen
undred tons reached The Bronx by
Right fait and more will be on hand by
this ‘horning earlys More than three
nundred apartment houses tn the bor-
8h have heen wholly without conl fore

 

 

# week Brooklyn did fairly well and t.isle to-day.

Was chcouraged, if not satistied, A’ ——_
; , — STOP AT PINEHURST, N. C.
Continued on Birth Page, [sens South—wondertul piace to resl—4dde.

|

at ah “aaa ?

avail themselves of the chance county, was the first woman in New |
fh home a bag of coal and to: york State to cast a vote under the pros,
weit their turn to get it. The | visions of the suffrage amendment which |

6.—Mrs. |

About twelve other women voted {n

situation caused by the Brest-Litovsk
unfortunate peace resolution of July 19,
which, in parliamentary circles, lony has
been regarded as inadequate and dan-

serous.”

British Policy, Unchanged.

In reference to the report that the
Allies are foon to recoznize the Bol-
shevik Government and that Gre Brit-
tain will accept the appointmenf by the
Litvinoff as Rus-
the Times

sian Ambassador in London,

| Says it has reason to believe no change

hag ocenrred in the attitude of the
British Government. Moreover, the Gov-
ernment has received no intimation of
M. Litvinoff's appointment.

The Daily Telegraph says {t ought not
to be necessary to deny this report, but
that anyone who needs to be reassured
may take it that the story is ba*eless.

On Friday Trotzky issued a note say-
ing that Count von Mirbach, head of
the German political delegation at l’etro-
grad, had declared at a sitting of the
conference which is considering the
situation of war prisoners that he could
refute by a telegram received by his
Government the reported arrests of

Continued on Second Page,

Coming Events a Plenty
for the Tobacco Fund

MHE SUN Tobacco Fund can’t

stop to breathe; too busy!

No sooner does it get big
things in the way of entertain-
ment behind than it is immersed
in as big things to come. All
sorts of splendid ways to earn
money to buy smokes with for
the soldiers come up day by day.
Read of a few of the newest on
page 10.

 

 

 

Concert, revue, allies’ recital,
cat show, each wants its turn to
help swell the fund. The Banks
Glee Club concert is but one
week off. Carolina White, a true
American soprano, will sing.

BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication, It employs
po agents or solicitors,

   

 

   

Britain Is Dry To-day;
First Time in History

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sux.
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.
LONDON, Jan. 6.—Great Bri-
tain goes dry to-morrow, on
the occasion of the proclamation
of a day of prayer, the first
dry day in the history of the
kingdom.

address the spectators, the
proclamation will be read and
the anthem “O God Our Help”
will be sung.

_————EE

MEAT RATIONING
RIOTS IN LONDON

Announcement That Beef Con- |
sumption Must Be Cut in
Half Is Cause. -

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tum Stn
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved

followed the announcement to-day that |
the consumption of beef in England must |
be reduced one-half and that compulsory |
; rationmg was about to be applied to
meat. Other foods are to be brought |
rapid!y under the same systein and a
be rationed by April. j

Before al] the butcher shops that were

[eee in London long lines of eager oye
ers tried to obtain some of the limited |
| supply; many of the places did not open, |

as they had no meat for sale. Even rab-
bits were in brisk demand and fetched
from 75 cents to $1 ench. At the famous
Smithfield Market, where under normal
} conditions thousands of beef carcasses
are exposed for sale, there was little
meat to be had and hundreds of butchers
competed for this. Fichts among them
were common and finally the wholesalers
had to suspend business.

Many families’ must go without thelr

customary roast on Sunday. The whole-
| Salers are spreading their limited supply
| to go as far as possible and the butchers
; are delivering even to theif regular
| customers the smailest cuts. ~
| The Government has released 4,000
carcasses of frozen mutton, with the
proviso that they are to be sent to the
East End and other districts that are
> Without mutton. In the storesthe people
are buying frozen oxtafls, canned beef,
fish and cold storage poultry at famine
prices. Fish prices are excessive: cod
is 60 cents a pound. A number of other
foodstuffs are near exhaustion, Butter,
margarine and cheese, syrup amnd@e
matches are almost unodtainabdle In
Greater London.

The sugar situation is a bit easier.
The Greater London Food Control Com-
mittees at a conference decided on the
Individual ticket gystem for rations, but
the scheme and the area within which
it is to be applied are to be settled by
the Ministry. <A plan ts under con-
sileration for the municipal establish-
ment of wholesalers’ stores and central
cepots for the reception of suppiles and
their distribution to retailers

25,000 TEUTON TROOPS REVOLT.

Object to Drafting of Soldiers for
Western Front.

LONDON, fan. §.—-4 @espatch received
here from the Russian wireiees service
says that 25,000 German soldiers in
the region east of Kevio have revolted
in consequence of the Government draft-
ing all scldiers below the age of 38 for
despatch to the western front.

The men left the battle line and
intrenched with rifles’ and machindg guns
against the other German units. The
German military authorities have been
powerless against them.

Germnan deserters deslared that one
of the motives for the revolt ways that
the sending of troops ta the western
front was a contraveiition of the Russo-
German armistice agreement.

 

 

 

SAILORS RAID PAPER PLANT.

They Almost Wreck Office of Seat-
tle “Daily Call.»

Seattir, Jan. 5.—Fifteen to twenty
Amerioin Slnejackets entered the office
of the Daily Call, a radical newspaper,
here to-night and ‘cecked the
plant, aeccord'!ng to witnessea,

It Is said the sailor we..
clvillans,

GUATEMALA CITY
BLOTTED OFF MAP

Earthquakes Destroy Remains
| of Beautiful Capital.

 

niver ot

WASHINGTON, Jan, 5.-—Guatemala City
Was destroyed
Thursday and
those late tn
ceived by the
said the loss of Ife this week is esti-
mated to be grester than that resulting
from the earller shocks.

A despatch from the Central
American Telegraph Company said:

“Our manager at San Jose, Guate-
mala, telegraphs the following:

“What is left of Guatemala City is

by earthquake
Iriday,
Degember.

shocks
which followed
Messnges re-

and

wiped out. Shocks at 10:35 FF. M.
fourth finished everything, Steam is
coming up in the streets. Cathedral
fallen, las Vacas bridge to Barrios now
down, Slides on railroad between San
Jose and city. No lines or trains re-
ported, Further 300 killed.’"

Despatches received by the Navy De-
partment to-day from a- warship in

Guatemalan waters also told of severe
carthquakes in Guatemala Thureday and
Friday nights, with many deaths. Rall-
roads were reported in bad condition
and * town near the railroad was dam-
aged,

      

f fash., D. C., 69:15 P.M,
an. %, erate the thru sleenera
m Keach, Minmi, Tampa, St. Petera-
rg, Belleair instead of Train No, 1, 9:80
. M.. which will carry sleepers to Jack-
sonville only, and to Pinehurst and tnter-
mediate polnts. Inq. Seaboard Air Line
(Ry 1184 Bdway for other changes.—Ade.

‘

 
 
  

s.
Ilo

ay

|
At the movies clergymen will |
|

fee thelr stead terms which show no
Lonpon, Jan. 5.—Extraordinary scenes | signs of weakening or compromise, but

sed by two}

State Department to-day ,

MUST FIGHT ON,
VIEW IN CAPITAL

Officials See in eae |
|

 

Speeth Rejection of Teuton
Terms for Others.

By MR. LLOYD GEORGE.
Inhabitants of African colonies
are to be placed under an adminis-
tration acceptable to themselves
for the purpose of preventing ex-
loitation for the benefit of
uropean capitalists and European
Governments.

Complete restoration of Bel-
gium with reparation ‘‘so far as
possible for the devastated towns
and cities.”

Reconsideration of the great
wrong of 1871. (Another way of
demanding that Alsace-Lorraine
be returned to France.) |

Indicates clearly that he follows
President Wilson’s lead in insisting
upon dealing only with rulers who
can be trusted.

The difference.in terms might

 

ARE WIDELY DIVERGENT |

 

Views Exchanged With Wash- |
ington and Paris Before |
_ Utterance Was Made.

 

Special Despatch to Tum Scx.
Wasninoton, Jan. 6.—Premier Lloyd
George's outline of peace terms bas |
put the fundamental principles of the |
Aliles’ terms on record in the most)
definite form these principles have yet |
assumed. In effect. the British Premier |
rejects the Teuton peace proposals ade|
vanced by Count Czernin, the Austrian |
Tremier and Foreign Minister, and puts

far apart the two viewpoints are.

MESSA

insist, as the Allies and the United
States steadfastly have Insisted, that
peace can come only when the Central
Powers are ready to pay the full price]
of democracy'’s demands.
Until the President gives the signal
no expression of opinion from the State |
Department en the terms stated by ur, |
Lloyd George may be expected. It is |
obvious that aliled governments not only |
approve the British Premier's outline |
but had advance knowledge In a gen-|
era! way of the points to be covered.

Despite the tendency in official circles George's speech to-day before the large|
forty to. Ferrets on eoussine ve labor conference in London followed |
speech in any way two outstanding facts }
were made clear in authoritative quar- | Quickly the promise of a new statement |
ters. One was that following the ex: | of the Allie? waraims, The detinite de- |
changes of views among Washington, | tails of the Prime Minister's address are ,
Farif@and Lorden “there was no sur-| more specific and more detailed than any

| prive in the Premier's speech,” and the| former pronouncement on the subject, |
fother was that in the opinion of high | but it is not asserted that they represent
officials “it does not bring peace one|a specific agreement of all the allied
day nearer.” | countries,
Indeed, the Premier explained that he
had conferred with all the British party

Special Cable Despatch to Tne Stun. ;
Copyright, 1918; ali rights reserved. |
Lonpon, Jan $.—Premicr Lloyd!

Makes War Aims Clear.

The speech of the British Premier, leaders and the chief spokesinen othe |
It is conceded in official circles, how-] British dominions and he was confident
ever, does usher In a new chapter in| that his speech represented the Govern- |
the world war. It reduces ti Allies’; ment, the nation and the empire.

; “hata. -nranoats The addre-s was cle: |v intended not |
terms.10 deinite and concrete proposiz 0” ;
Cons, which henceforth can be mudied only to affect the senttinentio/ yiakeseint

Great Britain but was a mefsage to the

ard analyzed by all peoples, including ‘ 3
those of the Central Powers. It serves (overnments of Russia and the Centra!
; : Ih mpires It

  
  

 

   

  

as an advan notice that the war will clears away many uncer-

end whe nemy fs ready to accept ttinties regarding the precise meaning

these te Ts other words the gap Of some former observations and alto-
etween Count Czernin’s terns and the & ‘er strengthens the claims of the En-

Al terms represents the real ob- tente

ftacle to peace When this gap has ‘

been bridged the end of the war wih Useless Hope for Discord.

de in sight. Lloyd George's statement that he had
It is clear to ofictals here that the conferred with former Premier Asquith, :

Teuton terms ar] the terms cutlined bw former Foreign Secretary Viscount Grey,

Mr Lloyd Geoteo are so far apart colonial leaders and others, gives the

that it ts useless to expect the Central Speech special significance because it is

 

 

 

 

Vast Gap Lies Between Peace
Terms of the Entente and Germany

Special Despatch to Tne Scx.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.—Comparison of the main terms of peace as

enunciated to-day by Premier Lloyd George and those uttered re-
cently by Count Czernin, the Austrian Premier and Foreign Minister,
reveals the following cardinal differences:

here say the few fundamental differences are sufficient to show how

GE TO RUSSIA ALSO
SEEN IN PREMIER’S SPEECH

Intended Likewise for Its Effect on the German People} waich Britain and her allies were cone
—Makes Plain There Is No Opening for
Discord in Britain.

 

 

fe

 

    

Lloyd George Backs France
in Demand for Return of
Alsace.Lorraine.

ITALY

  

    
  

 
 

 

 

esr. REPAY

 
       
 

‘Independence for Poland,
Serbia, Arabia, Armenia,
Syria, Palestine.

—

ARMAMENTS .

   

By COUNT CZERNIN.

“Return of Colonial territories
forcibly seized during the war con-
stitutes an essential part of the
German demands, which Germany
cannot renounce under any cir-
cumstances.”

Indicates the restoration of Bel-
gium (with conditions), but re-
jects the idea of reparation by
Germany.

Indicates that the future status
of Alsace-Lorraine must be left to
Germany to determine after the
end of the war.

Stipulates that the Entente Al-
lies must come forward and
negotiate with the present rulers
in the Teutonic empires.

 
   
   
    

 

     

OF
| scaled
|
Dardanelles to Be Internation-
alized; German Colonies to
Decide Their Future.

        
     
   
   
   
    

 

 
    

Lonnon, Jan. 5§.—David Lloyd George,
the British Prime Minister, set forth
| to-day Great Britain's war aims more
| Specifically and at greater length be-
| fore the delegates of the trades unions
| than he had ever done hefore,
| Having first declared that it was
not a war of aggression against Ger-
;}many or the German people and that
the breaking up of the German peoples
or the disintegration of thelr state was
not one of the objects for which the
Allies were fighting, he proceeded to
mention the fundamental issues for

       
   
 

be further compared, but officials

 
     

 

tending.

First among these was the restora,
tion of Belgium and reparation for the
injuries inflicted) Next came the restora.

4 tlor ’ Seri } 21) “O at ne
France and Italy." It would be im-| 007 @* perpia, ALOT SDOBED and the oc
possible for the Premier to give such) CUpied parts of France, Italy and Ru-
specific pledgea of support unless he was | ama. France must have Alsace-Lore
certain that he possessed authority for "alne, and to this end, said the Premier,
the pledges from the other Governments , ‘®e British nation would stand by the
named. ; Hreneh cemociacy to the deata

Teken in connection with recent evi-
denees of th rapid reinstatement of}
better relations between Russia aad the;
hentente Powers, construed to in-
dicate a decidedly improvivg prospect of

 

Independent Poland a Necessity,

The question of Itussia
Upon, and Mr. Lloyd
Lritain as well as

was touched
George said that
-Ainerica, France and

 

this is

      

effective cooperation of Russia and the; Italy would have been proud to fight
intente, provided Rusia is able to cons) by the side of the new Russian demoe.
Vinee the Entente of her determination | racy. But now Russia conld only be
to do her prt aved &y her own people. He declared

 

Another important feature [3 the Pre- jan
infer’s warning to the Central k:mp-res | s
that “econom{: problems at the end of
tee war will So d fMeult the hichest
degree because of the world shortage of

independent Poland an urgent neces-
tty for the stability of western Europe
Rumania ts to be protected, and the
Triush and other allies are with Italy
fy her desire for complete union of the

 

        

 

     

raw materiale, which will inerease the ‘people of Ttalian rare‘and tongue cof
jpnger jhe war ‘asis. It inevitable, Austria-Hungary he felt that while the
that the eetivtries controling rew mate- breaking Op of the dual k lom was
rals will des've to help themselves and no pert of the allied war is, it was
elr friends first Impossible to hope for ¢ removal of
causes of unrest in of F

Will Have Effect on People. Vir less genuine se ee : wee
This fs certain to make a powerful ap. BTA IE 1 the Austro-Hungarian nationall-

   
   
     
     

 

; peal to the two distinet classes in Ger- py 4 4,3 ;

many; first, the masses of the people, , 7 Turkish empire, within the homee
j underfed, suffering privat and ine inds of the Turkish race, witn Con-
‘ tonsely anxious for peace at the earlest Btant nople as its capital, may he maine
poss. ble monent and the restoration of ned, but Dardanelles inust be ine
normal living conditions; second, the cap- at onalized and neutralized and, tn
italiste and leaders of German industry Aer ant sh view, Arabia, Armenia,
Who are a ty coneerned over the pos- 7 eeopotanita, Syria and Palestine are

 

entitled to ree

 
 

 
  

 
 

  
   
 
  

   

 

   

 

      

 

Wi that Noneken rl juatariAiaeill act isnition of their sepé
Powers to consider Entente terms now, tantamount to notifying Germany that at so ine Sere ake nen will NOt. national conditions, r separate
It is fully realized that nothing short it ts useless to hope for discord or a) py. Premior's olise vation that. tue
of military victory will bring the Cen- division of sentiment that could be pro- | ecauniey ePanatd mataninib’ Rall LHGrGRKE Fate of German Colonies.
,tral Powers to a frame of mind receptive duced through intrigue in Great Britain. | 4e the war lenethons fe Hauge te 1he Tie question of the car :
to the demands made by Mr. Lloyd Similarly, the speech js an effort to ap-! Groase amore these elamente poalivation All of which are, f the German colonies,
Geo For this reson it Is explained peal to the peacefully disposed elements | o¢ the desirability of the earliest possible Ajles, will ae oe 7 an the ARNOS OL CUe
the » of the war still rests essentially. {2 Germany, as it gives assurance that! peace p ert ate Bhat = ia md Nf aie Wehbe aeulalone ie @ BELO G 2 COnterehae,
on “military victory and President Wil- it is not intended to crush or dismember | jipatione of the pulling cloes ince San LEH ACIEN@E CORE in, must consider
son's Views undoubtelly are reflected by Germany or to exclude her from inter-! "pi ptodos of the creation of a. itants of UNG “InnaDe
the statement that peace is no nearer National comity after the war, but that TARAS ET LUBR a: Ta AME hie shat el narnees ation must
than before: ‘ it te desired instead to encourage her to | - TOE RRTAT ae ans i cine atin ni Ae aninae The Py a eee
maintain a world posittog when hostill- jrents and the preventio: SR SP rise eck i SE PST ODOR AR
A Reflection of Views. ties cease lorries haar ie Roce erate cee s te \ aie
whe British Premier's speech. in uot His dec laration against a peace whieh | qadrasced nit ey i eae aut An BS ont
to berre aided as cAnstituting an orficial recogn-ned one kind of ind: pendence regard’: (hase | Age mneiv, HeceRsaTry sight
statement of the Allles’ peace terms. sOF Breat nations and an Inferior kind | corditions The Premiers treatment of teh aad
This was emphasized in view of the ‘lis- for sinall nations” renews the A@rsu-] the ealonin! nrevieme. the Roneuoatac tt eat services they hid
osition at first glance to Sve it that mMsph for the necesaity’ that minor na- | Africen, Palesting and Mesepotamia rendered, :
character, Technicarly it ts not ever a tlons everywhere should realize the ts- jot a ntlally diferent from former 3 t cardinal s of th? Brite
Joint express’on represeniative of Great ae invotved and the !mportance of | larations fect fuh tern is euunelated by t 2h
Britain, the Unite! States and her al- aligning themselves at the side of the | Itogether t! i was plainly ine. Prime Mister, are:
lies. According to the view tees vf Allies, | tended to answer completely the demand Reestublishment of the sanctity of
fictally, it is considered primarily as a Gives Specific Pledges. lately voled in ! i e! treatles,
purely British statement based on such \ , for a fall und r direc Perritortal settlement based on the
information as the Premier has at his If Germany is planning a separate) statement of f nediat right of selY-determinution or the cone
disposal. Peace now she will consider particularly | after its delivery the Pr 1 iu dis- sent of the governed,
But the fact that the British Premier important the statement “We will be) tributed copies of to the The ercation of an international or-
{s in the closest touch with the fdeas of proud to -fight to the end by the side of | newspaper office ssoeeh ganization to limit armaments and
President Wilson and dintente rulers the hew democracy of Russia; so willi was mate at a ting , diminish ihe probability of war.

naturally stamp< the speech as reflecting

their views. While not to be regarded . = :
in the light of an official statement U. S. NAVAL OFFICERS {
of the recent diplomatic conference, {t |
nevertheless may be accepted as the

FLEECED AT CARDS |

Rear Admiral Posts Sentries: |

; own elucidation of the
at that meeting, and

British Premier’
views exchansed

coming so soon after that gathering Is
unrsually significant, . ;
| Only at tae peace conference !tself Empties Paris Hotel.

fean an offieial etatement of the terms of

  
 

the Allies collectively be announced It Special Cable Deapatch to Tur Sux

is from utterances like Lloyd George's Copyright, 1918; all rights reacrved

that a fore t of these terms may be Panis, Jan, 5.—-Drastic action has,
obtains), however, been taken by the American naval au-

Close analysis of the speech shows =a A; oe

that President Wilson's baste terms as thorities to stop gambling by naval)
well xs the fundamental demands of Officers of the United States now here, |
France are included tn the terms, though After complaints hed been received |
in different form. In a general way it that some officers had been heavily

reemphasizes the slogan of “restoration, fleeced at one of the prominent hoteis |
reparation and guarantee against repeti- Rear Admiral Wilson, to whom the tret-

tion” which has marked all peace ulter- ter pad been reported, after the Mayor

ances froin the United States or Ene pad said he had no power to Interfere, |

tente nations. placed two sentries at the door of the}
, hotel in question with instructions s'n- !
llar to those issued to New York police-
‘men several years ago when they were
posted tn front of certain buildings,

The Admiral then ordered the officers |
to leave the hotel, For the last three |
days the neig>borhood of the hete! has!
been deserted by army and navy officers
and the potel Itself is nearly empty.
Admiral Wilson has been deaf up to this
time to all appeals by the manager of
the hotel,

“Snanetity of the Treaty.”

President Wilson's demand that the
present German Government be sup-
planted by representatives of the Ger-'
man people who could be trusted is in-
corporated tn Mr. Lloyd George's silpu-
lation that “the sanctity of the treaty
must be established" before permanent
peace can come, Tt ts pointed out that
there can be no means of guaranteeing

 

the sanctity of u treaty signed by rulers | eae en Sed San 3

who are internationally bankrupt in!

honor, and the Hohenzollern regime ad- | GERMANS KILL 22 AS SPIES.
mittedly comes under this head, fs :

There is, however, one feature of the, Execations at Ghent on Dec, 20—
new outline walk Aira pnietiats | Others Awatt Trial.
atténtion in official and diplomatic cir- é
cles, This was the portion of the speech | AMSTERDAM, Jan, b.-—Twenty-two per-

aoe , sons, among them four from Antwerp, eigit
Protection for! from Ghent and & Dutch skipper, were!
executed at Ghent December 20 for al-
| leged espionage, according to the Tele-
| yreaf's correspondent at Flushing,
Three other Hollandera were con-
demted to three, four and ten years tm-

which refers to Russia,

every nation allied with the Entente an

; American cause is guaranteed against

the Prussian military menace excepting

; Rusia,

oe Itussia can only be saved by her own |

people," the Premier says, The Russan) ypisonment respectively,

people must now decide and decide | A large number of Belgians also re-|

quickly whether they are golng to set) ceived long terms of imprisonment, and}
ee many others still are incarcerated at

Continued on Second Page, Ghent awaiting trial,

%

fe +,

 

DPetinite Outline of Alma,

ish

PARIS SAVED IN 1914 x
BY KAISER’S PRIDE +:

French Rallied During Delay |||...

statesman sinee tire begine
t hes given such a dee
it statement of Britain’
‘ontained in the Premier’e
Hieh was delivered before the
vr conference of the labor leads

  

  

 

  
 
   

     

   

    

   

            
      

   

to Let Him Lead Entry. ons in Westminster Hall. Three hundred
Sees eae ee a sites Were present, and uso. Sir
Epaainh Lesnaiok: joclie aux Suektand Geddes Minister of National

mB SOuik {eWeek us ue Just a ber of the War Cabinet, prealded,
tery an MI ’ : widow | Che proceedings were Private, neither
" the eae te wer Adolphus the publie nor members of the press be
u ‘ tter how the Gere. ing y t ¢ } - ee :
man army, sweening on Paris in 1914, aa Seta alec uek Erne Da UE Ene
had instructions to wait for the Kaiser mostly in the north, for 4 Sail tee ae
and Ceown Prince to lead the proces- With their constituents They will ee
ston into Daris, and that the imperor's assemble for the ‘Abhi ; wh 3 oe Lb
delay upset t miltary machine and { Is With the eter : re el
caused disastrous defeat in the battle over the proposed a vite
of the Marne uiting, in “which the =e
‘ Hawe HAN ! > is imeweseod with the hes to. inelude “cert tin’ classes “of
athens that Unele Sam will bo the decisive | skilled Wworhers, to whom exemption was
‘or in the war, as men, munitions, promised when the conseriptl nl bill was

food and ingenuity will be the control- pied i i ;

ing fretor, whether it will be a war of Most of the laQor men who commented
many yeits or one of two or three on the speech indossed it May! Liovd
years duration Hawes writes George went fur ray ! ' ortant
“A curious story is in circulation here points than was 4 n he
regarding the G Van advance on Paria hrs “line

    

drawn aos

    

 

in 1914, It is si that the Germans against Germany on of
were so confident of reaching Paris that) Alsave-Lorraine, alled
they purporely delayed their entry until that German Pore, vou
the Kaiser and (he Crown Prince could KuhImann, recentiv 1! 1
join in the triumphant entry, and that alone prevented ¢ from
this delay, whilé waiting for the Im. meeting on a common peaee son

peror and his son, gave the Freneh the "When men by the millio: \ eolled
necessary twenty-four hours in whieh wpon to suffer and dle ! vi pomiluae
to reorganize and ultimately repel the trong are betne subjected tot Tere
German army." ings and privations o War Unpreces

  
  

 

 

sc chinenaebimanlinienmegiabememeiintes dented in the history ot the world,” he

Finland Recognised as Republic, (FU, “hey sre entithal to know. for

Panis, Jan. &.-—"The French Governs! Whit caime OF cuunen they are making

ment has recognized tn right, as in fact, est nnd tr Gt Gaukee could) dette

the independence of the Republic of tine tha continuance even for a day of this
land," says the Tenips to-day lufepeahable agony of cations,

ee ! "We ought to be able to state clearly

ATLANTIC COAST LINE RAILROAD | and detinitely
On account ef changed conditions. Train which we

No. §7, reaching Jacksonvilly and all Plorida ) SOE & \
rete appheavion to the war man of

Bast Coast polits, formerty scheduled 1 |
leave Washington, effective January 7th at! the world Wo have arrived at the most
eritical hour of this terrible eonftiet, and

§:15 P.M. will leave Washington at 7:15!
P : ere s \
Gations, 1198 Broadway, New York.—ado, | betore any Gosernment takes the fute-

not only the principles for
are flehting, but thelr detinite,

M. Information and Pullman accommo- |}