————————

VOL LXXIIL—NO. 347,

    

A GOOD DEAL OF A FIANCEE,

 

MORE MEN WHO WERE GOING TO
MARRY MRS, VERRAULT,

 

Kipsel Says It Cost Him $2,050, Including
Turquoise Karrings—Another Blew in
84,000—Three Houses Here Described
as Turning Joints fer the Betrothed,

More light was thrown yesterday upon
the life and achievements of “Mrs. Hamil.
ton,” the rich and fascinating widow of
923 West Eighty-seoond atreet. The latest
information about the woman, now known
to be the Mrs. Verrault who gained con-
siderable notoriety by publicly horse-
whipping her husband in Columbus avenue
several months ago, tends to show that a
amall Cassie Chadwick syndicate engaged
{n the business of pulling well to do men's
legs has been operating here. It became,
known yesterday that two more men had
communicated to Assistant United States
District Attorney Francis J. Carmody, in
charge of the case against “Mrs. Hamilton,”
the information that they had given up
several thousand dollars each in playing
hearts for dollars. It also appears that two
other handsomely furnished residences in
different parts of New York were used by
‘Mrs. Hamilton” and other men and women
in their operations.

Mr. Carmody would say nothing what-
ever about the case yesterday further
than intimating that the Government had
a strong case against Mrs. Hamilton or
Verrault. From a friend of MacClellan
who came to New York to look up more
evidence against the woman surprising
information as to the extent of the nine
operations was secured. The case of a Mr.
Kinsel, employed, he said, by the Mutual
Life Insurance Company, is an instance.

Kinsel, whore first name and address
Tue Sun's informant did not remember,
got acquainted with Mrs. Hamilton, as in
MacClellan’s case, through a “personal”
advertisement. Through her relations with
Kinsel, however, she kept her own name
of Verrault. More than forty letters were
exchanged, and Kinsel bas his share of
them locked up tight in his safe. He has
volunteered, according to MacClellan’s
friend, to corroborate the Philadelphian's
story and aid him in his desire to get even
with the woman who induced him to give
up his business to take care of her alleged
fortune.

Mrs. Verrault received Kinsel not only
under another name than that but in
another house. This house was in West
Fighty-ninth street near Broadway and
was just as gorgeously furnished as the
house near Riverside Drive. Kinsel told
MacClellan’s friend that he, too, had seen
smartly dressed men come into the house
to be ushered into other rooms to wait to
be received until he had gone. Kinsel’s
experience with Mrs. Verrault cost him
$2,200 in successive loans, besides a solitaire
engagement ring and a pair of earrings of
turquoises, footing up to another $750.

Another man is understood to have
written a letter to Chief Postal Inspector
Walter 8S. Mayer, volunteering to testify
in support of the prosecution: initiated on
MacClellan’s complaint. This man refused
to give his nema, but said he had dropped
$4,000 at the game, including presents of
jewelry to Mra, Hamilton. She had be-
come acquainted with him again under a
different name and in a different house
than the other two.

The communications of both these men
put a much larger aspect on the alleged
acheme to defraud the canny Scotch grocer
from Philadelphia than it bore when
MacClellan first put in his complaint. From
intimations that have come to the authori-
ties fully half a dozen men are ready to
come forward and testify in support of
Federal Attorney Carmody's prosecution of
the charge against the woman.

From the stories told by the three men
who have so far told their experiences Mrs.
Verrault used not only three New York
addresses but also addresses in Chicago
and St. Louis, at least in writing to her ad-
mirers and receiving their replies. To all
of them, it is alleged, she told the same
story of the $10,000 a year, the valuable
property in Mexico and the stony hearted
elder brother. An interesting move alleged
to have been made by Mrs. Verrault in sup-
port of this story with entire success is
related by Kinsel.

In the midst of his acquaintance with
her he suddenly received a letter reading:

My Dranest: I have been suddenly called
to Mexico City to hold a consultation with
my brother about my mining property. I am
80 sorry to be.compelled to go, but while I
ain there please write me often, at the Hotel
Iturbide, Mexico City, Mexico.

Mrs. Verrault before this had written to
the Iturbide for rooms for herself and
maid, says Kinsel. These she cancelled a
short timesafter on some excuse or other
and asked,them to send all mail and tele-
grams to an address in Chicago. Her ad-
mirers, says Kinsel, sent her long letters
and telegrams of regard at the Iturbide,
fully persuaded now that the Mexican for-
tune was all to the good. And these mia-
sions Mrs, Verrauit received safely a few
ve later in Chicago and later in New

ork.

Further details of life in the magic house
at 323 West Eighty-second street bring in a
Mrs, James Brown, When the men after
Mrs. Verrault and her alleged $10,000 a
year had given up and refused to give up
any more Mrs. Brown, so the story goes,
took them in hand. She wrote them a letter
like the following:

Dearn Mr. KinskL; Mrs. Verrault has left
town. Perhaps this is for the best, as really
I do not think that if she married you that
either of you would be happy. 80 for the
sake of your own future happiness, as of
hers, let us congratulate ourselves that your
engagement went no further. Yours faith-
uly, Mrs. J AMEs Brown.

Besides Mrs, Brown/ the enly other occu-
Pant of the house av 328 West Eighty-second
street besides the alleged butler, Gregory
Allen, was a Mra. Keene, who has not been

‘ complained against in the case.

While Mrs. Verrault received both Mac-
Clellan and Kinsel cordially, she never had
either of them in to dinner. She did not
believe in this, she explained, and always
insisted on going to a good café. She
always wore a veil, too, explaining that her
brother might see her and he didn't like her
to go about unchaperoned. The only time
when MacClellan got anything to eat in her
house, he says, was the first night he rushed
over from Philadelphia, it was past dinner-
time and he had had no dinner. So his
fiancée took him ihto the dining room and
gave him asimple collation of lettuce salad

e

eg
er a

 

and ice cream, MacClellan also says that
the woman displayed to him over $30,000
Worth of jewels, a magnificent necklace,
several rings and two diamond bracelete.

A private detective from Philadel phia
was stationed opposite the house all day
yesterday, MaoUlellan has said that he is
bound to have his revenge for the manner
in which he has been tricked and {9 hunt-
ing up evidence against “Mra, Hamilton”
on his own hook. Chief Walter 8, Mayer
of the postal inspection office is hunting
up Mr, Verrault, it is said, to prove that
the woman is his wife and to see whether
she has been divorced.

A messenger brought to the house yester-
day a note for “Mr. Gregory Allen,” but
a woman who came to the door, while ad-
mitting he lived there, said he was not in,
aye said also that Mre, Hamilton could not

© seen,

MISS ALICE JUST THE SAME.

Women of Oyster Hay Gather te See Her
—Dec Schneider's Opinion.

Oyster Bay, N. Y., Aug. 12.—All Oyater

Bay was alert yesterday and to-day for a

 

 

Nicholas Longworth. They were rewarded
yesterday when she drove into town with
her brother Theodore. She held the reins
in the dog cart. She drove off to the news
store, bought some magazines, talked with
an old acquaintance or two and then crossed
over to the drug store. Afterward Doo
Schneider, who keeps the store, said:

“I tell you, she hasn’t changed a bit from
what she was seven years ago. There is
nothing stuck up about her. She likes
~ just like she did when she was a little
girl.”

Mr. and Mrs. Longworth attended church
with the President this morning. Most of
the village gathered about the door to see
Mrs. Longworth as she came out. The
women all deolared that she was charming
and went into raptures over her “dream of a
brown hat.” For once the President ceased
to be the centre of interest to the after
church crowd, and as for Mr. Nicholas
Longworth, as an Oyster Bay man said,
it looked like he was forgotten entirely.

To-morrow Mr. Longworth will make a
brief visit to New York, where he will have
@ talk with Chairman Sherman of the Re-
publican Congressional campaign commit-
tee. On Tuesday or Wednesday the Long-
worths will go to Washington and shortly
after that return to Cincinnati, where, as
Representative, he has some political fence
repairing to do.

JUSTICE HEISLEY HELD UP.

Policeman Said He Was Driving His Aute
26 Miles an Hour.

Justice Wilbur Heisley of the New Jersey

Circuit Court was arrested in Vanderbilt
avenue, Richmond borough, yesterday
afternoon by Motor Cycle Policeman Reilly,
charged with exceeding the speed limit
with an automobile. Reilly says he was
going twenty-five miles an hour. In the
machine with the Judge were his chauffeur
and two ladies. They had come from his
home in Long Branch. That they were in
a hurry to reach Manhattan was shown by
the Judge ordering the chauffeur to take
the machine and continue the trip while he
went to the station house.
To the sergeant Judge Heisley insisted
that he was not violating the law. He
said that after arriving at Tottenvillle
from Perth Amboy he had himeelf taken
the lever and wheel to make sure that while
he was in New York State the speed limit
should not be exceeded,

The sergeant told him he had no choice,
but must hold him under bonds. Then
it developed that the Judge did not have
the needful $100 to deposit as bail. As
for that, however, Edmund Schaeffer of
Stapleton, although he did not personally
know the Judge, offered himself as se-
curity and gave the needful bond. Judge
Heisley must answer this morning before
the Magistrate at Stapleton.

MAY BE MOTORMAN KELLY.

 

 

Insolent Beggar Looks Like Man Wanted
for Elevated Tragedy.

A man who gave the name of Jobn
MoNally and said he had no permanent
address was arraigned in the Yorkville
police court yesterday ona charge of homi-
cide in connection with the accident on the
elevated railroad at Ninth avenue and
Fifty-third street last September.

The police suspect the prisoner of being
Paul Kelly, the motorman of the wrecked
train, who skipped immediately after the
accident. .

Chief Inspector McLaughlin of Police
Headquarters sent circulars all over the
country on July 27 offering $500 reward for
the arrest of Paul Kelly. The man who
said he was John McNally was, arrested
on Second avenue near Fourth treet at
1:30 o'clock yesterday morning. He is a
tall man of muscular build and about 45
years old, The lower part of Second avenue
is a lively place even after midnight on
a Saturday night. The man stood near the
corner, hat in hand, and begged alms from
passersby.

“Help a poor cripple who is unable to
work,” was the burden of his appeal.

The bacgar had such @ healthy appear-
ance that but few nickels or dimes fell inte
his extended hat. A man to whom the
Seren. was mads dropped a cent into the

“Excuse me, sir, I have no change,” said
the beggar as he handed back the cent.
Another man came along and also drop’
a cent into the hat. The pee threw it
in his face and fired a volley of foul epithets
at him. Policeman William Skelly of the
Fifth street station house was on post a
short way down the avenue, and he was told
about ¢ abusive beggar. When the
pee epprosanes t beggar started
walk off. The cripple pro’
to be a husky individual in a rough and
tumble, and took a fall out of tne cop be-
fore he consented to go to the station house.
hen the prisoner was sea the
policeman found in his pocket a license as
a mationary engineer out to John
McNally, The policeman t ht he saw
a resemblance between the p r and
the picture of Paul Kelly, the motorman,
that had been sent out from Police Head-
qyarters, and changed the complaint from
vPgrancy to homiaide.
ly asked mage Baker to hold
the prisoner until , when a repre-
sentative of the éleva' railroad wi
in court to see if the prisoner is the missing
motorman.
The Magistrate fixed the man’s bail at
$1,000, in default of whioh he was looked up.

 

ALMOST /SSWALLOWED $1,000.

That Is, If the Estimated Valu ¢ of His Clam-
bake Pearl Is Correct.

Utica, N. Y., Aug. 12.—Eugene Smaltz;
employed at the Remington typewriter
works at Ilion, went to a clambake a few
days ago and found a rare pear! in a clam
which he was about to devour. Tho pearl
is said to be worth about $1,000. It is dif-
ferent from moat is, as it is very dark
and shows purple, blue and black. It weighs
fous and one-eighth carate and is without
a flaw.

+NEW

sight of “Miss Alice,” as they atill call Mrs.

 

 

——e

 

 

te rm eet

 

 

 

ROW IN ROOSRVELT’S CHURCH | "274% 4z#ts_ractionar. wan.

 

MISS CASE CALLS TO HIM AND
ALSO TO MR. LONGWORTH.,

 

This in the Alsle—@he Had Previously
Been Conducted From Pews Near
the President's and the Longwerths'
—Drese Torn, Watch Chain “Broken.

Oyster Bay, L, I., Aug. 12.—While Presi-
dent Roosevelt and his family were at-
tending Christ's Episcopal Church this
morning the services were disturbed and
considerable excitement was caused by
the attempts which Miss Elizabeth Case, or
Esacagil, ae she calls herself, made to speak
with the President. Miss Case is the woman
who has been trying for a month to’ pee
Mrs. Roosevelt on some mysterious mission,
To-day her dresa was rumpled and her
watch chain broken in a struggle with
Secret Service men who tried to keep her
at a distance from the President and his
family. She was not arrested.

It has been Miss Caze’s custom ever since
she followed the President to Oyster Bay,
over a month ago, to attend éhurch each
Sunday and to attempt to get a seat near
the pew occupied by the President's family.
To-day she came early and took a seat
directly in the rear of the, President's pew.
James Duffey, one of the ushers, requested
her to change her seat, and when she re-
fused he conducted her as gently as poasible
to the rear of the church. Miss Case alleges
that he handled her so roughly that her
waist was nearly torn from her back. When
the President came into the church Miss
Case made no attempt to speak to him,
but later walked up the centre aisle of the
church and tried to take a seat next to the
pew ocoupied by the Longworths. She
was again conducted to the rear of the
church by an usher,

After the second repulse she refused to
take fseat and remained standing neer the
aisle down which the President would pase
in leaving the church. Secret Service Man
Connell took his stand beside her and
checked several other attempts which she
made to approach the President's pew.
When Connell took Miss Case's hand in an
attempt to quiet her she put her hand
over his, saying:

“I don’t like the sin, but I do like the
sinner.”

She remained standing during the entire
service, and as she chatted and iaughed
softly most of the time little attention was
given to the sermon by the worshippers in
that part of the church. As the President
rose to leave the church she tried to get
nearer the aisle. Connell got in front of
her and three others of the President's
guard surrounded her. They pushed her
back as gently as possible, but she was
within a few feet of the President when he
passed down the aisle.

“Mr. President, Mr. President, President
Roosevelt,” she cried; “won't you speak
to me a moment?”

The Presidem turned his head sharply
at the sound of the woman's cry, but made
no answer and passed on without hesita-
tion. Behind the President came Mrs.
Longworth, Mrs. Roosevelt, Quentin and
Mr. Longworth, Miss Case, surrounded by
the Secret Service men, had no chance to
speak to the first three, but as the guard
closed in after Mrs. Roosevelt she reached
the edge of the aisie in time to catch Mr.
Longworth. She called to him several
times, addressing him by all his names and
titles, but Mr. Longworth hurried on.

Outside the church Miss Case struggled
hard to reach the President's carriage. The
Secret Service men interposed their broad
backs and wedged her in an angle of the
church wall.

In the struggle her watch chain snapped
and the watch rolled along the path. One
of the men returned it to her. When the
President and his family had driven away
she hurried down the street in search of
redress. She had no complaint to make
against the Secret Service men, but turned
all her anger against James Duffey, the
usher, who ehe declared had torn her dress.
Squire Franklin, the Justice of the Peace,
did his best to quiet her. He refussd to
give her a warrant for Duffey’s arrest, she
says.

Miss Case said later that she thought
she had been used apitefully and that she
believed she was acting within her rights
in attempting to speak to the President.

“I have worn out one pair of shoes and
my dress is dropping from my back,” said
she, “but I mean to stay here until I see
either Mrs. Roosevelt or the President.
Nothing shall keep me from my mission,
and I'll soon have a man who will take me
to Sagamore Hill.”

Secretary Loeb was not at church and
did not witness the incident. He said
later that while he did not believe that
Miss Case intended to do any harm, yet
as an act of oharity he felt that it would
be better to take some steps to have her
cared for out of town. He fears that the
woman may be taken advantage of by
sharpers, as happened in the case of a half
demented woman who came here last sum-
mer. Miss Case’s relatives, he said, had
refused to be responsible for her.

All of Miss Case's previous efforts have
been to see Mrs. Roosevelt, but during the
past few days she has spoken more of talk-
ing directly to the President. It is said
she believes herself to have been wronged
in a love effair by some man prom inent in
politics, Sbe dresses always in a simple
black dress,and wherever she goes she car-
ries with her a bundle of letters in a net bag,

MRS. YERKES WOULDN'T PAY.

Family of Man Killed by Her Auto in Gere
many Gets 83,860 Judgment.
Spectai Cable Despatch to TaR Stx.

Besuin, Aug. 12.—In September, 1904,
Ludwig Leasle, a factory foreman in Dur-
lach, was knocked down by an automobile
which was being furiously driven. The
car was owned by Mrs. Mary Adelaide
Yerkes (now Mrs. Mizner), who was in it
at the time.

The next day Lessle, who thought lightly
of his injuries, accepted $46 offered by ;
Yerkes's representative, who called to see
him. It proved later, however, that he
had internal injuries which were serious,
and he died withina week, leaving a widow
and three children unprovided for.

The courts appointed Dr. Cantor of Karls-
ruhe as le. adviser to the widow. He
now writes to the Frankfurter Zeilung, as
he considers that the time come to @
that fact peas He says that efforte
were made to induce Mrs. Yerkes to assiat
the family, but without result.

Then he appealed to the law courts in
Febru last and obtained a judgment for
$3,860, rs. Yerkes ignored this and re-
fused to contribute anything for the relief

of the family, although in the meantime
Se Rea ee erika paatioen.

 

 

Ape Rese made through the American
Consu at Mannheim and the German
ae at New York were unavail-

Won't Speak In Dlinolsa Cantpaign Unless
Sullivan Is Fired.

Onicago, Aug. 12.—William J, Bryan has
gone a step further in declaring warfare
against Roger ©. Sullivan, and it seems
apparent that the Peoria convention Thurs-
day is to see a fight of the “blood to the
bridle bite” order.

latest from across the waters is that
Mr. refuses to speak in the Illinois
campaign unless the State convention on
Thureday sucbeeds in dethroning the Sulli-
yan forces, which are now in control of
the Democracy in Lilinois.

In a letter to Ben F. Caldwell, candidate

for Congress in the Twenty-first district,
Mr. Bryan gave the asaifance that he would
pot take any part in the Illinois campaign
as long as it was “not in the hands of our
friends.”
, On top of this statement to Mr, Caldwell
comes the cabled declaration of Mr. Bryan
that he cares little or nothing for an indorse-
ment from the Illinois Democratic State
convention if it has to come at the hands
of Roger Sullivan.

“It is immaterial to me whether Illinois
indorges me or not,” Mr. Bryan is quoted
as saying, “but it is very important that the
Democracy of that State repudiate Sullivan
and hia methods. The party must first of
all purge itself of such leadership before
it can enter courageously upon a cam-
paign.”

ROOT LEAVES URUGUAY TO-DAY.

Boards Argentine Cruiser for the Trip to
Buenos Ayres,
Special Cable Despatch to Tus SUN.

MONTBVIDEO, Aug. 12.—The populace and

the officials have made much of the visit
of Mr. Root, the American Secretary of
State. The people vied with each
other in decorating their houses with flags
and bunting in his honor. The official
buildings are also gayly decorated, and
altogether the city presents a very beauti-
ful aspeot.
- On Monday Mr. Root will leave on™ the
Argentine cruiser Buenos Ayres for the
Argentine capital. He is oompelled to
go on the Argentine warship,as the water
in the Rio de la Plata is so low at present
that the cruiser Charleston is unable to
ascend the river.

The crews of the Buenos Ayres and the
Brazilian cruiser Barrosa, which convoyed
the Charleston here from Rio de Janeiro,
have not been allowed shore leave here,
the authorities fearing that their presence
nthe city would cause trouble.

It turns out that too many fétes were
planned for the short stay here of Mr. Root
and some of them have been abandoned.

In a speech before the Ateneo Literary
Society to-night Mr. Root said that the
South American republics should work to-
gether, forgeiting their differences in the
interesta of the common good. The first
step in this direction was the Pan-American
Conference. The results of the conference
may seem immature, but they are really of
great importance, This the future would
show.

The speech aroused great enthusiasm,
The society is oomposed of the leading
Upuguayans.

The president of the society gave a ban-
quet in honor of Mr. Root. Mra. Root
and the others of. the family were present.

Mr. Root has visited the magnificent
stock farm owned by the Government.
He greatly praised the place.

The Government gave a dinner to the
officers of the Charleston, Barrosa and
Buenos Aires at the Hotel Oriental.

MORE TROOPS SENT TO LEYTE.

Two Battalions to Join in the Campaign
Against the Pulajanes.
Special Cable Despatch to He SUN.

MANILA, Aug. 12.—One battalion of the
Thirteenth and one of the Sixteenth In-
fantry, stationed at Fort McKinley, sailed
for Leyte this morning to reenforce the
troops there who are operating against
the Pulajanes. The newspapers here are
urging that Leyte be handed over to the
military administration until the lawless-
ness there is eradicated.

Five thousand Filipinos, with ten bands
and 300 racehorses, paraded the streets of
Manila to-day and then gathered’ at the
Governor's palace for the purpose of pro-
testing to the Philippine Commissioners
againet the proposed legislation suppressing
racetrack betting. The bill was drafted
at the instance of the Moral Progress
League, which was recently organized by
an American lawyer and two Protestant
ministers.

ROBBED ON BROADWAY CORNER.

Man Loses Wallet and 8300 Stud While

Walting for a Car at Warren Street.

After an exciting chase on Broadway
last night Mark Goldberg, 24 years old, a
barber, of 215 East Twenty-fourth street,
was caught by Policemen Coughlin and
Gleason and locked up in the Ieonard
street police station charged with grand
larceny. The complainant is Frank J. Webb,
who says he lives in the Jermyn apartment
house, at 10 Weat Sixty-first street.

Mr. Webb, accompanied by his wife,
was waiting to board a Broadway surface
car at Warren street. Four men, who were
also apparently waiting, surrounded Mr.
and Mre. Webb. Goldberg pulled out a
newspaper and began to look it over di-
rectly in front of Mr. Webb. The latter
thought it peculiar that the man should
attempt to read a paper in the dark, but it
was not until he felt a slight tug at his
trousers pocket that he realized the game
he was up against.

The discovery that hisJwallet was miss-
ing caused Webb to let out a ory for the
police. All four men who had surrounded
him broke away and ran in different di-
rections. The two policemen heard the
cry and chased Goldberg to Murray street,
where he was captured. Quite a crowd
joined in the chase and when Goldberg
was caught an excited German yelled out:

“Let's lynch him! Last week some one
robbed me of all the money I had at this
corner.” *

Goldberg was taken to Leonard street
and locked up. Mr. Webb said a $300 dia-
mond stud had been extracted from his
shirt front and a wallet containing $845
and a piimber of valuable papers taken from
his trousers pocket.

None of the stolen goods was found on
the prisoner and it is supposed it was passed
to his confederates, who escaped.

 

 

 

 

 

Gov. Higgins Back With Nothing to Say,
\ ALBANY, N. Y., Aug. 12.-—-Gov. Higgins,
Lieut.-Gov, Bruce, Speaker Wadsworth and
State Superintendent of Public Works

Franchot reached here to-night. All pis
Mr. Franchot are members of the board o

trustees of State public buildin, which
Ing to aay upen elibies pollites or gambling:

ing to say upon ei

 

 

\
seme Ns See

 

 

 

THINKS JEROME WOULD RUN

ON THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET IF
THE DEMAND AROSE,

 

 

John A. Henneberry Gays That Prontinent
Democrats Have Urged the District
Attorney to Consider It—Menneberry
Here to Meet Four Up-State Democrats.

John A. Henneberry, chief olerk in Dis-
trict Attorney Jerome's office and the man-
ager of Mr. Jerome’s last campaign, gave
it out as his belief yesterday that Mr. Jerome
will accept the nomination for Governor
on the Democratic ticket if there is a strong
demand for hisnomination. Mr, Henneberry
mage this statement shortly after he had
arrived in town from Saratoga, where he
has been spending his vacation.

“In the last few days,” said he, “there
has appeared in various parts of the State
strong sentiment in favor of Mr. Jerome
as a candidate of the Democratic State
convention, Several men prominent in the
Democratic party have communicated with
Mr. Jerome recently and urged him to con-
siderthe nomination. Ihave not seen Mr.
Jerome in several days, but I am satisfied
that if there is a demand for him he will
make the run for Governor on the Demo-
cratic ticket. He will look upon {it as s
duty which as a Democrat he cannot dis-
regard.” ’

Mr. Henneberry went on to say that he
had come down from Saratoga in response
to a telephonic communication which he
had received from four Demooratio lead-
ers.

“It was arranged,” said Mr. Henneberry,
“that we should have @ conference in New
York to-night. I shall communicate with
Mr. Jerome at Lakeville and will return
to Saratoga to-morrow to continue my
vacation.”

Mr. Henneberry refused to say who the
Democratic leaders were or whe re the con-
ference would be held. It was learned,
however, that the men he rhet were not New
York city politicians.

The reporter who talked with Mr. Henne-
berry got the idea that Mr. Jerome, if he
accepted the Democratic nomination, would
do eo as an independent Democrat, not as an
organization man.

JOHN THE ORANGEMAN DEAD.

Famous Harvard Frult Pedier Fails to
Survive Hospital Operation.

Boston, Aug. 12.—John Lovett, known
to every student who has attended Harvard
University in fifty years as “John the
Orangeman,” died at the Massachusetts
General Hospital this morning, following
an operation performed several days ago
for intestinal tumor.

He was 73 years old, and had been a
familiar figure in Cambridge, and especially
about Harvard, where he made a goodly
living selling fruit. He had become a
distinctive landmark. ‘

John was born in Kenmere, County
Kerry, Ireland, and was one of a family
of ten children. He was only a boy when
he came to America. Almost as soon as
he arrived in America he began peddling
fruit at Harvard and he was so popular
and successful that it is student tradition
that John the Orangeman was well supplied
with this world's goods. However that
may be, few students in need of small
loans until checks came from home ever
approached John in vain.

He was so well thought of for his quick
wit, warm heart and good sense that he
came to take the place of an official mascot
for Harvard at the big football and base-
ball games. He became noted for his
ability as a singer of American and Irish
songs, and last winter he made his first
essay as anactor, when he appeared in New
York in “Brown of Harvard.”

CANADIAN TARIFF BILL,

Rumor That Opening Will Be Made for
Reciprocity With This Country.

WasHINGTON, Aug. 12.—The Canadian
Parliament, which recently adjourned to
reassemble in November, will then take up
the tariff question, according to advices
received at the Bureau of Manufactures
Mr. Fielding, the Finance Minister, and his
colleagues have been working on the pro-
posed bill. The majority for the Govern-
ment in Parliament is so large that the
passage of a Cabinet measure is regarded as
a foregone conclusion. The present surtax
on German goods, it is said, will be made
lees inflexible in order to afford an oppor-
tunity for a commercial agreement with
Germany.

It is also reportéd that an opening will
be made for a reciprocity agreement with
the United States. But such an agreement
based on the demand made heretofore vr
Canada, which would exclude manufacturés,
is regarded as improbable. What Canada
will propose is not known. The 834 per
cent. preferential in favor of British goods
which now exists, it is thought, will be
changed so that the goods to be admitted
at preferential rates will be specifically
mentioned in the bill.

There is a probability that the anti-dump-
ing clause may be relinquished, Maxi-
mum and minimum rates are anticipated,
from which maximum raie concessions will
be made to such nations as give preferential
treatment to Canadian goods. ere is no
expectation that the tariff will be revised
downward, according to all reports received
from authoritative sources.

ACQUAINTANCE OF THE COURT,

Man With Twistable Hand and Four Lafi-
guages Gets a Surprise When Arrested.

William Phillips, 34 years old, who says
that he has no home, was arrested on Grand
| atreet within half a block of the Eldridge
street station house Saturday night by
Policeman Cramer charged with Bel a
faker. He pretended to speak only Roatan

“This man is one of the worst fakers on
the East Side,” said Cramer to Magistrate
Wahle in the Essex Market police court
yesterday morning. “He has a way of
dist his hand to make it appear
paral a ® “st

“Yes, an ® speaks four languages
fluently,” interrupted the Magistrate. /If
he sizes up @ man as‘an Italian he gives
a hard luck ery in that language. Then
again he flits to German. He has accosted
me four times—the lust instance as I was
coming out of Martin’s on Broadway, but
he has been consistent eniouEt to spot me
each time as a Frenchman. Hibs ir
way of crimping ug his hand so as to
as a cripple is without a peer in that
so far as I know. I will save you time and
breath, Cramer, a shipping this man to
the Island for ‘a little rest. He will see
some of his friends over there.”

The pees never moved a muscle,
but as

@ was being led to the n he
said to Cramer in unmistakab .
“Bay, who dell was dat Judge
sure a fly one.” _ :

 

 

 

 

rg
ST
em

| er

 

YORK, MONDAY, AUGUST 13, 1906 .—Copurion, 1906, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

ce SSS SS SSS SSS SSS SSS hs Sl SS SSS SS SSS

 

igenious |

S linb. |

 

, ‘ MonpayY, AvavsT 13, 1908,
‘Fair to-day and to-morrow; light

WILL SUE ICH MAKERS.*

Philadelphia Dealers Say Supply Has Been
Cut by Trast Agreement.

PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 12,—Retall dealers
who have contracts with ice manufacturers
for supplies for the present season and
who have failed to get the quantity of ice
called for in such contracts have declaréd
their intention’ofjsuing the manufacturers.

Attorneys who have been consulted say
these contracte have been violated and that
the dealers have legal redrees.

There are dealers in Philadelphia who
have made contracts with local ice plants
for as much as 10,000 tons at prices much
below the rates now prevailing.

These contracta were made before the
manufacturers got together and boosted
prices.

Aovording to the contracts the manu-
facturers if unable to furnish artificial ice
were to substitute natural lee.

During the past week, when the cry of
famine spread through vhe city, retail deal-
ere failed to get half the ice claimed under
the contract, on the ground that the arti-
ficial supply was not sufficient and that
the natural product was not obtainable.

DOG ATTACKS W. E. ROOSEVELT.

One of Prestdent’s Guard Arrives in Time
to Gheot It,

Oysrar Bay, N. Y.; Aug. 12.—W. Emlen
Roosevelt, the President’s cousin, war
saved from a mad dog to-day by the straight
shooting of a Secret Service agent, James
Sloane. Mr. Roosevelt was walking along
“the edge of a pond on his property near
Sagamore Hill when he was attacked. He
had with him a pet dog, which firat attacked
the rabid’ animal, but soon turned tail and
fied. Mr. Roosevelt ran out into the road
and was trying to beat off the strange beast,
when Sloane drove up on his way to duty
at Sagamore Hill.

Mr. Roosevelt was defending himself when
Mr. Sloane arrived. Once it had buried
its teeth in Mr. Roosevelt’s coat. Sloane
jumped from his carriage and opened
fire with an automatio revolver.

At the firat shot the dog turned on him.
Tt took two more shota to atop it, and
then Sloane fired two more shots to make
sure, The dog was a large mongrel. It
had been seen about the village for several
days acting strangely and, it is said, snap-
ping at other dogs.

Yesterday it followed a carriage to the
President’s house, but was driven away
by the men on guard.

GREETING TO HARVARD CREW.

Prince of Wales Sends a Cordial Letter of
Weloome.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THe SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 12.—The Harvard and
Cambridge crews went to Henley to-day
in the launches Rapide and Hibernia. After
viewing the regatta course Lord Desborough
drove the Americans in his coach to Tap-
low Court, where they took tea. Then
they proceeded in the launches to Bourne
End

 

 

 

Lord Desborough previously presided at
a luncheon at the Leander Club at Henley;
where a few representative English rowing
men had been invited to meet the Harvard
crew. Lord Desborough toasted the Amer-
icans, and Capt. Filley replied, emphasiz-
ing the fact that the Harvard crew had
only come to England for a friendly matoh
with no idea of trying for the champion-
ship or international supremacties. Mr.
Goldsmith, president of the Cambridge
Club, cordially echoed Capt. Filley’s re-
marks. Grant Smith epoke on behalf of
Whitelaw Reid.

T. A. Cooke read a letter from Sir A.
Bigge saying: “I am directed by the Prince
of Wales to ask you to be good enough to
convey to the crew of Harvard University
his cordial welcome to England and the
Thames. His Royal Highness feels that
all British sportemen will join him in this
greeting and in watching with the keenest
interest the result of the race.” Loud
cheers greeted the reagling of the letter.

 

CROWDS HELD ON STATEN ISLAND.

All Means of Getting Away Stopped for a
Time Last Night,

Just as the rush home from South Beach
began about 11 o’olock last night two mis-
haps ocourred which shut off all means of
getting away. The Staten Island Rapid
Transit tracks were blocked by the killing
of a couple of horses on a trestle and a
trolley car on the Staten Island Light and
Power Company’s lines ran off the rails and
blocked both tracks. It took more than
an hour in each case to raise the blockade,

The municipal ferry officiala kept the
boats in waiting at St. George and from
midnight on until the.crowd should be
away planned to run boats at fifteen minute
intervals

BIG FOREST FIRE IN

Has Already Swept Over 7,800 Acres and
Is Still Burning.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax SUN.

Paris, Aug. 12,—The largest forest fire
known in France in a generation has de-
vastated 7,500 acres near Toulon and is
still burning. It started yesterday near
Pugetville and Pignans, and a strong north-
west wind caused it to spread rapidly. It
destroyed the Quatre Termes Woods in
two hours and during the night burned
two more forests.

This afternoon troops were ordered to
help fight the flames. The inhabitanta
are fighting valiantly. The heat is over-
powering

To-night the fire is rolling toward Mott
and Mayons and threatens the Pierrefeu
forest.

 

FRANCE.

reer trae

RERELLION AGAINST MULLER.

 

The Democratic Frimaries League Fermed
to Fight Staten Island Leader.

Staten Island is to have a primary fight.
For seventeen years Nicholas Muller, the
Tax Commissioner, has held full sway
and it has been his fortune never to have had
a powerful opposition, This time, how-
ever, it is said that Demoorate of influence
have formed what is called the Demo-
cratio Primaries League and put Sheriff
Charles J. McCormack into the field as
leader against Muller.

Muller. it ja said, always promised to
give district primaries, but never ful-

filled the promiee. When McCormack
was nominated for gegen he carried
every election district on the pene. Three
ears ago he was nominated for Sheriff by

Jilliam J. Burlee as a compromise candi-
date to bring the Burlee and Muller fre-
tions into harmony, at the suggestion of
Charles F. Murphy.

 

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived: Se Camaguez, Guantanamo, Avg. 7.

 

After all, Usher{s the Seotoh
that made the bighball Tamous.—aen

 

Te

to fresh north winds,

“eh
sua saiganceendy
PRICE TWO CENTS.

B. R. T, CHUCKS
THOUSANDS OFF.

ante eens een

Day of Violence and Excite:
ment Over Paying Twe
_ Fares to Coney Island,

—

LINES TIED UP FOR HOURS,

4

    

 

Baynor’s Opinion Starts It— Police :
Arrest Officials for
Blocking Streets.

 

‘~

Neck Road Crossing the Scene of the Gronty
est Trouble—"“Pay Your Fare or Gif
You Go" Was the Order ef the Day.
—On They Were Dragged—Petlod at |
Sea in the Fuss —Superintendeate Finally
Arrested for Not Removing the Bieek=
ade—Several Women and Men Taken
to Hospitals Because of Injaries-Come
pany Officials Say They Will Keep om

Charging Two Fares to the Istand,
- 4 aw a

Tho disturbances on the Coney Island
surface cars and elevated trains that Deputy
Police Commissioner O'Keeffe and the Brooke
lyn police looked forward to yesterday be-
cause of Justice Oaynor’s statement of
Saturday that the Brooklyn Rapid Tran-
sit Company did not have a right to de-
mand a double fare to the island; too.
place on schedule time, They lasted from
early morning to midnight.

More than a quarter of a million people
atarted to Coney Island during the day
and most of them got there, but only after
they had passed through trying experi-
ences. And while this enormous crowd
was fighting ite way to the pleasure resort—
incidentally making the record day of the
summer—cars were stalled in lines that
extended for miles while the B. R. T. in-
spectors argued and pleaded with passen-
gers to pay the second fare, and finally
wound up by dragging obstreperous passen-
gers from the cars and throwing them into
the street by the thousands. f

The police took an active hand in the
trouble in the evening by arresting two
B. R. T. superintendents and than inspectors
and a motorman or two for not moving
the cars. Blocking the highways was the
charge.

At 12:40 o'clock this morning police aco-
tivity took on a still more active form when
cars coming from the Ieland on t he Culver
route were halted at Avenue F and Graves-
end avenue and the conductors started
in to collect the second fare. Inspector
Donald Grant, Deputy Police Commissioner
O’Keelfe and several B. R. T. inspectors.
were gathered at this point. Mr. and Mrs,
Golden of 165 Gates avenue, Dr. Joyce of
700 Union street, Brooklyn, and most of
the other passengers on the first car fe-
fused to pay the fare. The inspectors
piled on to the car and began to drag the
passengers off.

Deputy Commissioner O'Keeffe gave
orders to the policemen to throw the in-
spectors off the car and they did so in a
jiffy. The car then proceeded after the
police had ordered the motorman to go
ahead. He didn’t go far, however. Just
150 yards away Supt. Dow F. Smith; who
had been arrested eatly in the evening
and was bailed out, was seated in his autoe
mobile at the side of the tracks. The
motorman stopped when his car got oppo-
site Supt. Smith and the inspectors that
had been thrown off by the pollee hustled
up and tossed women, children and men
off in a very brutal manner.

Commissioner O'Keeffe and the police
had been devoting their attention to the
second car and didn’t hear what was going
on in the first until the inspectors had it
about emptied. The police ran up, but
the work had been completed and the
motorman had eftarted his car toward
Brooklyn in a hurry. The police managed
to get all hands on the second car and kept
the inspectora off.

Between fifty and seventy-five thous
sand passengers in tne afternoon were
compelled to walk for distances vary-
ing from one to three miles down to Surf
avenue. Many of these had paid the second
fare willingly, but had deserted the stalled
cars after remaining motionless for hours,
All the Brooklyn police stations sent re-
serves to the storm centres, and altogether
the Coney lines of the B. R. T. had the
wildest day in their history.

Hot weather and hot air and general
failure to grasp the situation sent passen-
gérs and police up in the air long before the
afternoon had begun to wane. The police
confessed that they did not know just what
to do—and did nothing early in the day
and up to the evening. In fact the only
people conoerned who seemed to have’
formed a plan of campaign at the start
and then carried it out almost to the letter’
were the special police or inspectors of the
railroad company.

As the railroad men looked on the matter
their scheme was to simply demand the
extra five cents, and if it was refused to
grab the passenger by whatever part of
his anatomy was handiest and throw him
off the car. During the early part of the
day this plan was carried out vigorously,
but when the resulting block got beyond
the control of the B. R. T. people they did
not adhere to it so closely. ’

FIRST SERIOUS TROUBLE AT NECK ROAD,

The day began with a few elight mix
ups on surface and elevated lines, but the
firat real trouble came when car 261 of the
Nostrand avenue line southbound came
to a stop at half past 11 o'clock in the morn-
ing at the corner of Gravesend avenue end
Neck road, on the Culver line, and about
one mile from the Coney end of the line.
On southbound cars of the Culver line the
accond ture is demanded at, Kings High

. .

}
u

"
z
’
1

 

A
st 3

*