|

 

  

 

WeMWAHON TAKES THE FIRST
TOUR, MURPHY COOLING OFF.

 

Great Cry fer Marmeny From the Creker
Men, but the Hess Is te Set the Tane
Pickling the Red for These Whe
Won't Harmentze, In Croker's Way

The Tammany regency began ite work
yesterday with Danwei Fo MeMahon in the
leader's chair at the Hall Mr MeMahon
said that he hardiy knew what there was
te do, but he was on hand to take care of
ny emergencies that might arise Prewi-
lent Haffen of The Bronx came downtown
te attend a meeting of the Board of Estirnate,
but he did not have time to stop at Tammany

Hal
Regent Murphy

went down to Atlantic
City te get out of the heat. He will not be
hack il Tuexday, when the Board of
Regents will hold ite first meeting for lvusi-
news at Tammany Hall and assign the meme
bers to the duties (hat they will perform
The neat regular meeting of the Tammany
General Committee is to be held on June
2. and at it the formal abolition of the
Finance Commuttes will be accomplished
thing to do

Lhe Gleneral Committers has t

itt Appeantonent of the regency and
' ito pass ont. There ia
possibility that the eight district leaders
who endeavored te prevent the formation
i the regency will bring the matter up in
CGreneral Ceonur ee, but this is not
expected If thev de will be the first
tine tha here thas been «a disetission of
the org ation’s poliey in the General
Committee t vear
Senator Geore Washington Phankitt,
evar of the County Court House cornmdor,

aid vesterday in discussing the affairs of
Tammany that the formation of the — y
Was @ great victory for Richard Croker

“Dont make any mistake about it,” aaid
the Senator, “the friends of Richard Croker
contro! Tammany Hall There is not gone
te be any fight, so far as] have heard hat
we are out tf now i harmong, and every
ene Wants harmony in the organization
But vou toustea'( be led astray Mr. Croker's
frierds control the Hall.”

The question was asked yesterday as to
who suggested first that the oommittee
on Finance be abolished. The Comnuttee
has plaved an important part in the history
f the Hall because of the intimate associa
thon it has had with the leadership. Several
of the ten “who opposed the proposition
advanced by John t Carroll said that they
thought James J. Martin was the man who
deserved the credit for the su tion.
As a matter of fact,several members of
the Executive Committee seem to have
had the thought in mind for some time,
and the fact that the abolition was effected
without one dissenting vote showed the
footing of the committee on the matter
The first public suggestion of abolishin
the committee was made by a cused
leader on the day Lewis Nixon >

Since the meeting on Thureday there has

heen a great deal of talk among the leaders
about the necessity of having Mr. Croker
come home at once, Sullivan-Croker

lagers. as well as those who are classed
with Joho F. Carroll, have said repeatedly
in private that Mr. Croker ought to come
home and attend to his affairs, and that
he could not expect them to look after his
end of it all the time, Many hard things
have been aaid in private about Mr. Croker
by leaders whose loyalty to him cannot
be questioned, and the feeling against
his abeence is growing.

The fights against the men who voted
with John F. Carroll against the regenc
to take their districts away from them wit
be forced vigorously from this time on.
Already fights have developed just
Ryder of the Third, Sexton of the Nine-
teenth, Carroll of the Twenty-ninth and
Nagle and Moebus of the Thirt y-fourth.

Keahon of the Seventh, Foley of the
Second and Lantry of the Twenty-second
are also on the list. Big Tim Sullivan,
whose plan they opposed, was instru-
mental in making Foley leader of the Second
at the sacrifice of P. vver, and it is ex-
pected that he will i all the con-
To defeat all of the leaders named
would be a pretty big job, but they are not
the only ones on the list. The Martins
and several others are under suspicion,
and they may le attacked if the opper-
tunity offers. "This is in accordance with the
orders of Mr. Croker, and he expecta that
thev will he ohewed

The opposition to Mr. Nagle in the south
hatf of the Thirty-fourth is led by Jobn F
Cowan. Mr Cowan was an assistant in
the oftiee of the District Attorney durir
the terme of Col. Asa Bird Gardiner and
Fugene Ao Philbin. He is a lawyer An
appeal to enroll was sent to all the voters
of the district vesterday, in which the com-
mittee in charge of Mr, Cowan's campaign
aad

tosts

We urge evere faireminded Democrat to
on With us in the commendable and neces-
eary work of purifving the dietrict That
result will certainly be achieved Uf all honest
men unite for thie purpose Its aceon llshe
ment will restore to our neighborhood the
fair fame of which it hes long been deprived
by the disrepute of a few men

We heg of von, for the sake of pure De
mooracy, to take thie matter to heart It is
‘ea fleht Our detrict is made up
’ pert of honest, hard-working
men No tnatter how poor or humble a
eltiren ay be, he fa entitled to be repre
sented by honest men in political affairs

The respectable people any community
areely in the majority that if

 
 

 

 

for the rt

are always 0

each man does his duty the forces of de-
coney must ipevitably prevall Do your
duty as ren and Democrats’ Enroll with us
and vote for candidate Ae an evi-
dence of vour pathy and suppert, kindly

lowed postal card

slg@n and mail the Ine

Mr. Cowan's headquarters are at the
Mohawk Democratic Clib, 161 Fast 124th
street

The friends of Big Tim Sullivan said vee-
terday that he would not return from Hot
Springs until the latter part of June

GOULDFN O1T FOR CONGRESS.

 

Haffen’s With Him, its Priends Say —Johna
Brady May Hun for Judge.

The friends of Col. Joseph A. Goulden

think he is going to get the Tammany
noemination for Congress in the new cia.
trtet in The Brona this fall Ex-Senator

Mitchell is a candidate for the nomination
and has joined hands with Senator Joseph
P. Hennessy to fight President Haffen at
the primaries Col. Goulden's friends say
that Mr. Haffen promised to take care of
him. Col Goulden Was a candidate for
appolotment under President Haffen, but
had aside
If Ernest Hall
preme Bench Ov Gov Odell, as his friends
in@luding Chairman Ten Eyck of the Re
publican County Executive Committee
think he will be, the Brona Demoerate are
ing to demand a place on the jucicial
ticket for one of their men, and it is likely
that John J. Brady will be selected to rm pre-
sent them. Mr. Brady ts an ex-Assistant
Carporation Counsel
e Bronx folks think they oughr
have a place on the ticket to offset
eeal effect of a Brong man runnir
Republican ticket, as they assume Mr
will, if he & appointed by Gow Ode!

oy eter

to

om the

Ha)!

 

Winchester, Va,. Kieets Repablican May or

Ricuworxp, Va, May 23..-The «ity of
Winchester was shocked to-day when the
result of the count showed the defeat for
Mayor of R. T. Barton. the Democratic
incournbent, by W. C. Graichen, Republican,
a@ wealthy glove manufacturer

Mr. Barton had been Mavor for many
years and it was thought he could no!
defeated.

bee

 

Buffalo Will Back Again Te-night.

Puffals Bill is coming to town again
The Wild West outfit, 500 men and 6»
horses, will arrive to-night in forty-nine
care on tte way to ite new exhibition
ground, at 138th street and Lenox avenue.
A grand stand has been built there to seat
16.000 people, and the men will work all
day to-morrow to get under canvas. On
Monday there will be the usual parade

‘

 

TAMMANY REGENTS IN CHARGE |

8 appointed to the Su. |

the |

 

WON'T PAY MEAT RIOTERS FINES.

Treasurer of the New Committee Will
Try te Discourage Rioting.

Dr David Blaustein, superintendent of
the Educational Alliance, who, at the con.
of anti-teef agitators called by
doseph Harondess on Wednesday even-
ing, wae made treasurer of the oCommittee
of % which is to try to effect a peaceful
solution of the trouble, took action yester-
day that will tend to disoourage some of
the moat rioters The money raised by
several organizations since the trouble
started has been placed in Dr Biaustein's
hands

Youterday some of those who had been
fined for their part fin the désturbances
wanted Dr Blaustein to reimburse therm
for the fines as these organizations had
been doing He refused and said that tne
new organization had uot been effected for
any such purpose

Dr Biaustein said yesterday that notices
had been sent to many prominent East
Side men, some of them Presidents of con-
gregations, asking them to serve on the
Committee of Their names will bot
be given out until all have accepted

e are going at this thing in a thor-
j oughly business-like way,” said Dr Blau-
| vesterday *The women have
| Vielded to the advice of cooler minds and
} on the committer = So
will some of the butchers We want to
J aolve this trouble peacefully
*Vonev has been raised all over the East
|
}

 

vention

 

sein

are represented

 

Side and the collections have encouraged
Some of this money
What

ore

the people to trolence
has gone into irresponsible hans

le ft

is be fit willnot be paid out except ©

authorized by us get in troulle

Dr Blaustein said that a committees of
bouste ban been invited to meet the
Cormittee of 10 to-night to state their case
and the committee would also hear severa
persons who had offered to start co@pera-
tive stores

Seventeen restaurant keepers have signed
an agreement not to sell meat. Attempts
are being made to get all the others to do se

WOMAN REATEN IN MEAT RIOT.
—___.

Williamsburg Police Have Treuble Quelling
a Mob Six Arrests.

more kosher beef riots
the Jewish quarter in Willame«burg veeter-
day and policemen used their clubs so
freely that a dozen of the disturbers were
burt) Mra. Fannie Greger of 8 Cook
street waa so badly injured that she was
taken toSt. Catherine's Hoepitel

Shertly after 10 o'clock a mob of fully
five hundred men and women gathered
at Moore street and Manhattan avenue,
Mrs. Julia Brown of 244 Wallabout street,
who had purchased meat in a shop at 56
Moere street, wae Gret attacked. The meat
was taken from her and the buteher shop
wrecked. The mob kept growing and
other places were attacke

Thirty pelicemen from the Stagg street
station were sent to the scene They
attacked the mob with their clube and then
arrested Samue! Kahn as the leader and
half a dozen others including Abraham
Gri r

While catagee was under arrest hia wife
appeared an pleacted with the police to
let him go. Sie seized a policeman's band
and another policeman pushed her away
This precipitated another confit, durin
which Mra. Grieger was clubbed ant kickec

 

There were in

At the hespital it was said last might that |

her condition was critical

-—— ———

BOSTON'S KOSHER MEAT RIOT,

Stxteen Persons Fined Union Shope May
Reopen Teday.

Boston, May 75. -All the sixteen persone
who were arrested vesterday for participa.
tion in the West End kosher meat ricta
appeared in court to-day and were fined
$2 each, which they paid. The charge
was loitering and obstructing travel

The two stores of Solomon & Son at
Minot and Wall streets and 6 Brighton
street, whic have caused so much ill feeling
among the people, were open for business
as usual this morning, notwithstanding
there was hardly a single window in
either establishment which Was not broken
Very few persons could be found, howev or
who were hardy enough to buy meat, and
about 9.30 0 clock the store at 96 Biighton
street was closed for lack of business

It in expected that all the union shops
will be reopened to-morrow

BETTERMENTS FOLKS HAS MADE.

 

  

 

 

Changes tn the Charities Department Told
m His Report te Low.

Commissioner Folks of the Department
of Charities has sent hie repert for the
first quarter of this year to Mayor Low
outlining some of the changes that he has
made in the management of the depart-
ment. He that givat good has
come of the changed manner in which the

declares

 

jhasa a long ree rd

effects of patients are handled now and |

that the system befere he went into office
was 80 loose that Alden, the Secretary
| who had charge of thie part of the werk

land who defaulted, was able to steal all
the money intrusted to hi ire. The
| mame is true of the court fund and pro
ceeda of the sales of materia
A hospita for consumptives base been
opened in the old buildings used bw the
Manhattan State Hospital and several of
the cases have shown improvement Under
| the special care (hat they have reccived
| there , .
} Commissioner Folks says that trans
| fer of mombund cases from other hoep tals
| to the city institutions has decreaeed viet
ithe system of supervision tituted by
him
4 woman has heen emploved to hear tn
private the complaints of | woren '
abandonment cases and others of a similar
lnature, whereas previously tle on
plaints were ail heard in put by the
Superintendent of the Outdoor Poor
Ka of the city paid employees who haa
been assigned to dutv as servants in offf
leers’ families were dismissed from this

employment and sent to their proper work

4 $10,000 DRAFT FOR THE POPE

| aol of Bithep MeDonneti's Jubilee
| Gut Back From Rome.
| The People's Trust (

mpany of Brookly

J reewived yesterday the «draft f $10,000
| «a2.00 lire) drawn by Bishop MeDonne
las the contribution of hie diocese tk he
| Pope on his recent u ee celebration
The draft was taken to Rome bw Bishog

MeDonnell and deposited in the Bank of
| Rome by Cardinal Mocanni on behalf of
the Pope

It was forwarded by the hank to Zimmer
man A Forshay for collestior The draft
i engraved upen parchment and is about
@ by Sinches in size It i dlurainated ar
beare in the upper left-hand corner the

  

| Papal coat of armm — In the opposite corner
fm the ehield of the United States 1 ia to
| te preserved as @ meen!

New Hotel on Past 38st street
Plans have been filed wih the Butiding
Bureau by Buchman & Fox, architects
for a new twalve-story and attic fireproc!

hotel of limestone and brick, 54.8 tw a lev
106 feet, with a ove-story and lasemer
extension. to be built for Joseph Fleiset
rraar « the south side of Thirty. first «treet
De feet east of Fifth avenue It ist
Serre

Vale Offer te Barrett Wendell Denied

New Haven, Conn, May 28) Presiden
Hadley to-night denied the statemen
that an Ter of (8.000 had been made to
Barrett: Wendell, professor of bngtiat
jlarvard, to come to Vale to accept a fuil

Upc rene rehip f English ox position amd
t vabetuan eratur

New Sciences Buliding fer Westervan

MIDDLETOWS, Conn. May 28 Toes
B. P. Raymon! Wealeyan U1
announced to (he senior Clans in ethics this
noun that an anonymous doner had jus
—~* $76.00 for the erection of a building
o

er

¢ instruction in physics aud chemietry, | ix

to be known as @ science building

SENATE TO LOSE ELLSWORTH

AND JOHN RAINES MAY THEN BE
STATE SENATE LEADER.

 

 

Speaker Nixen Likely to Step to the Upper
Home —Then Whe Will Fill the Assem-
bly Chairt--Things te Be Settied for
Convention Day—That's Sept. 23.

Senator Platt came over from Washing-
ton yesterday afternoon, and Chairman
George W. Dunn of the Republican State
Committee came down from Binghamton,
They and other Republicans had interest-
ing conversations at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel last night, and the burden of the talk
this tlhe was about the next Legislature.

The new Legislature will elect a suc.
cessor to Senator Platt, and all know now
that Senator Platt ia to succeed himself;
that is, of course, if the Legislature is Re-
publican, and Col. Dunn has begun the
preliminary work of making that matter
one of the sure things in Republican State
politics. ‘The present Senate ia made up
of thirty-five Republicans and fifteen
Democrats, and in the present Assembly
there are 14 Republicans and forty-four
Ther

Col. Dunn does not believe that the Demo-
crats can in any way overcome these big
majorities in the two houses at Albany,
but neither he nor Senator Platt ia taking
things for granted. They are putting in
eturcdy licks all over the State,

Senator Timothy EB. Elleworth of Lack-
port, Niagara county, has informed Sena-
tor Platt and Col, Dunn that he will not
be a candidate for renomination, Senator
Platt and Col. Dunn said that they had
received this information with a great
deal of regret, but that this time they were
Senator Elleworth's de-

ocrats

bound to accept
clsion

Iwo years ago Senator Ellerorth aaid
that he did not care to return to the Senate,
and so informed Senator Platt, but at that
time the Republican leader of the State
disevaded hin Now, Senator Platt and
Col Dunn say that they cannot reasonably
ask Senator Elieworth to recensider his
decision. Mr. Ellsworth says that he de-
sires very much to go abroad and make @
leisurely trp in foreign countries for about

two or three years. [le is now closing up
lis bosinese affairs preparatory to making
thie trip

Senator Eileworth was in the Senate

from is8? to 1886 and from 1896 to the present
vear. He has been leader of the Republi-
can majority in the Senate since his return
ro Albany in 1884. His retirement, Senator
Platt and Cal Dunn said yesterday, would
he a great lows to the Republican party
at Albany

lit was said that Postmaster Irving
L'Hommedieu of Medina, Orleans county,
was a candidate to succeed Senator Blls-
worth The Senate district ts made up
of Niagara, Genesee and Orleans counties
Hur nothing has been settled as to Mr
Lo Hommedieu's chances

The Republicans are giving a great deal
of attention to (he prospective situation in
upper house at Alhany The retire-
ment of Senator Bileworth, the prospective
retirement of Senator Frank Wayland Hig
gins of Olean, Cattaraugus county, who
vas been very prominently tentioned
is the leading candidate for —Lieu-
wenant-Govenor, the death of Senator Lester
Hayden Humphrey of Warsaw, Wronvna |
eounty, and the elevation of Senator Ne
vada N. Stranahan of Fulton, Qewego
county, to be Collector of the Port of New

  

 

 

 
 

 

 

Vor the highest Federal office in the
country aide of the Cabiner, has led
to deo sion as to who shall be the leader
oft Hepublboans in 2 Senate next |
winter

4: the moment the talk is in favor of
Senator John Raines of Canandaigua,
Ontario eountv Senator Raines im the |
senior Republican Senator He was in

the Assembly from I8al to S88, ane in the
Senate from 1886 to 1880 and from 1885 to
the present year He is to be renominated
im his district

Very strong words have been uttered
in faver of making Senator Herace White
f Svracuse leader of the Republicans in
eo Ser Senator George Ro Malby
Ogdensburg, St. Lawrence county, whe
both in the Amsembly
and in the Senate, has aleo been frequently
mentioned as a Republican whe could
very ably lead the Senate

Rot then Senator Malby's friends want
him to be the Congressman for the new
Twenty-siath district, which is made up
of the counties of Eawea, Clinton, Franklin

ate

of

and St. Lawrence

Sore of the friends of Senator Elon R.
Brown of Watertown, Jefferson county
believe that he «hould be the next Repubii-

car. jeader in the Senate, and many Repub-
nest that Senator Hobart

liean statesmen
Krum of Schohane is the right man for the
place Swnator Krum, however, does not
know vet whether he cares to go back to the
Senate, and he har frequently s@id that the

Keputbvean leader in the Upper house

ite a Younger tian than himeaeif

aly

fhe prospective nomunatien of Senator
H igeins be loeutenant-Crovernor will
leave a Vacancy for Senator in the Fiftieth |
district, hos made up of Chautauqua |
ant Cattaraugus untees, and if was an-
te ed last night that the present Speaker
of tite Assembivy, S Frederick Nixon of

 

    

 

 

GIVES US NO CREDIT.

 

“geterday Review” Die

cusses Cuba's Cape.
Special Cadte Despatch to THe Sw.

Lonpon, May 23.—Commenting on the
inauguration of the Cuban Republic on
May 2 the Saturday Review will say to-
morrow:

*The Americans have such a genius for
self-deception that the fundamental hy-
pocrisy of Tuesday's ceremony at Havana
may really have escaped them. The Amert-
cans have given up nothing of political
value. Their authority, instead of being
direct, is now indirect, and that is all. With
@ minimum of sacrifice they have contrived
to win @ maximum of applause The skill
of the performance may be admired, but
there is no generosity in it and even less
poliey

“Two oddly joined qualities, we suspect,
will prevent Americans from succeeding
as makers of empire—their altruism and
selfishness. Their altruism takes mainly
the form of a proselyting crusade to spread
“the American idea.” They seriously be-
lieve that if you only build enough schools,
organize primaries and conventions and
electoral colleges and have a written con-
stitution and read the Declaration of Inde-
pendence once a day you are, politically
speaking, saved

“All these blessings they have showered
upon the Cubans in spite of eighty years’
experience of Spanish America to show
what results they bring forth. Four years
ago the Cubans were blowing up Spanish
trains by dynamite. To-day they are
thought fit for self-government. Only
Americans could have such confidence
that history will not repeat itself.”

CUBA TO PARDON AMERICANS.

Heuse Passes the Bill and Senate Tabies It
The Nation's Gratitode.

Spectel ( adle Levaputch to Tue Sus

Havana, May 23 — A bill was presented
in the Senate to-day providing for the
pardon of all Americans serving sentences
in the island and all those against whom
proceedings are pending. The bill was
tabled

It was decided to send a message to
President Roosevelt and the American
army and navy expressing gratitude for
their generous conduct in helping in the
emancipation of Cuba. It was also de-
cided to salute the Cuban Army and those
others who assisted in securing the inde-
pendence of the island.

The House of Representatives passed
the bil) pardoning all Americans under
sentenc® or against whom charges are
pending
Gedkin Left a Collection of Reminiscences,

Special Canle Lespetch to THR SUN.
Lonposx, May 73. It is stated that

 

 

 

the

| late EL. Godkin, former editor of the New

York Fuenive Post, has left a collection of
reminiscences ft ie not known whether
or not they are complete.

 

Boer Lasger Captured.
Spectal Cable Despatch te The Stew
Londos, May 23- A’ despatch from
Cape Town says Lovat's scouts surprised
the laager of the Boer Commandant Fouchee
on Wednesday. The casualties are not
reported

President Loubet Leaves Russia.
Seed Calle Despatch to Tas Sin
Sr Perrasarne, May 2" - President
Lonhet left Cronstadt on his return to
France this afternoon on board the hattle-
ship Montcalm, escorted by the French
aquadron

Prince Henry's Irish Vistt Kinds.
Special Cate Letpatch to Tum Sun,
Dentin, May 23. -Prince Henry with hie
squadron sailed for home to-day The
home port is Kiel

 

 

M. Paul Lazverges Dead.
specal Cone Derpatca io Ten Ses
Paris, May 273 -M_ Paul Lazerges, a
painter whose pictures have been exhibited
at the Salon for thirty-three yeare, is dead

Prize Centest in Deciamation at Cornel.

Iruaca, N.Y, May 28—The sixteenth
annual class prize contest in declamation
was held in the Cernell armory to-night,
and the prize was awarded to Charles B

Dowd of Cordand, who was one of twelve
competitors, This year the clans has

 

| raised the fund to $1,886, and the annual
heginning |
i

interest on this amount will,
with the present vear, fall to the succesf
competitor The judges of the contest
were Stoddard H. Stevens of Fimira, Her-
bert M. Lovell of Rome and Brainard Smith
of Ithaca

Git te St. Christopher's Heme.

St Christopher's Home, at Dobbs Ferry,
a Methodist institution for destitute chil-
dren,is to have a new echoo! buiiding, for
which ground will be broken to-day. The

 

 

 

 

THE SUN, SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1902.

 

FIRM AGAINST OUTSIDERS.

COAL OPERATORS WON'T DEAL
WITH THE CIVIC PEDERATION.

 

 

Wilting to Treat With Their Own Men, but
Not With the Unfen Nor Any Other
“@uteide Red)" No Kight-Hour lay
fer the Pumpmen and Fogtocers.

Representatives of the coal carrying
companies who were seen yesterday said

that the strike of the anthracite miners |

will not be ended until the miner return
to work. No attempt by the Civic Ped-
eration to change their decision will avail,
they said, and outside arbitrators cannot
bridge over the difficulty between the
operatom and their own employees

A man who is high tn the councils of
the coal carrying companies said to a SUN
reporter: “When the strikers return
work the companies will be willing to dis-
cuss the grievances of their own employers,
either by arbitration or otherwise, if there
are any grievances. They will not, how-
ever, deal with the union in such matten
or with any outside body, and this applies
to the Civic Federation as well as to any
other ”

“Will the demand for the eight-hour
work day be granted to the pump men
and engineers on June 2?" he was asked

“It will not. The operators have not
receded from the stand they took at first ”

A representative of the Delaware, Lacka-
wanna and Western Railroad said “Tt is
impossible that any agreement can be
made with the union covering the authra-
cite mines. Twenty-five per cent of the
members of the union are breaker boys
who are under 21, and though they are
wholly irresponsible, can hold up tusiness
by refusing to work ~

Another representative of the
panies said: be anthracite miners struck
two years ago and gained some Concessions
If we recognized the union now
cessions would be asked for
and we would have to raise
coal. We have to protect the public as
well aw ourselves ”

Ralph M. Easley, Secretary of the Civic
Federation, avoided! report vesterday.
There was a report that Charles A. Moore,
of Manning, Maxwell and Moore, 8 Laberty
street, had been asked to try to
another meeting between the
and the miners. Mr Moore would met
confirm por deny the report veelerday

MINE STRIKE AT STANDSTILL.

A Few Individual Operators Mave Granted
Kight-Heur Day to Firemen
Wiiees-Barne, Pa, May 23.— Things in
the big strike situation to-day are pretty
much at a standstill, Here and there a
emall individual operator has announced
thar he will grant the union demand of
an eight-hour day for the engineers, fire-
men and pumpmen, Hacidork’s ¢
pany, operating the Dodson at

to

oom

nore Cone
TY year,

 

er

mecure
operators

or

 

Plymouth

and the Datmond mine at Luzerne, «as
the firet to give in to the strikers as to toe
eight-hour day, and Matthias Sechwah

has started up his colliery at South Hever
ton, granting all the unmon demands

This in no manner affects the general
situation The Haddock company ts in
the hands of a receiver and Sehwah only
mines a little coal for home corsumptien

The big companies all reman
in their determination to refuse the eight

ree t‘e

oal Come |

hour day and to run their pumping ma-
chinery with other mer f their present
employees under the orders of the union
leave them on the 2d of dune
This move of calling out the firemer

engineers and pumpmen Was mo
anticipated by the operators They made |
provision to meet this difficulty, just as

they made preparation lo meet other mover,
Where the work of running the punping

 

   

machinery cannot be done by bosses ar
clerks, outsiders will be brought in lhev
will be protected at their an. and if they
are molested somebody will get burt

There hos been some doubt at« vil the |
flremen, engineers aod pumprmen responding
to the umion « order to quiet work on the td
of June unless they get an erght-hour
day The firemen «truck last fall and they
complain that the United Mine Workers
gave them no hel; There is arunb ing |
among them now at feng uted oapon
to quit their jobs to help the United Mine
Workers

The three district Presidents of the mine
workers’ union are fosiav engages mm
sounding these men and on stifer.ing them
up where they show signs of wavering

There are some signs of unrest among

the railraaders and thevareto-rigbt, at the

Central Labor Univon, having a general dis-
cussion of the situation ar f their foture
attitude as regards the baulbng of tatu
minous or non-nnion anthra should
the question come up ft is expected
that between now and Monday they will
reach a deciation on this pont

Mr \ has rena { quvetly in hie |
room ton, He declines to discuss the
situation further thar Oo press ~
faction at the gen ral look ij at ‘he
orderly conduct of the ere

Scrantox, Pa. Ma 1 The Feeetive
Reard of Diatrict No ot, United “tne
Workers, held a meeting bere thos afte:
noon to discuss tlhe reanivation of ar
amployment bureau to take car of the
strikers now out of work and who ma n

he suffering for (he necessities of life Pres«
dent Nichola presided

It was devided to take up the work of
organizing this bureau at one Pour
hundred of the idle miners in S ranton are
to be sent to the munes in Oy where thee
ia said to bw plenty of work for :
There are aleao agen'’« here from Virgin aor

the lookout for competent mer
Prvraton, Pa. May 2) It wae
here to-day that there
satisfaction among the pump ru
and engineers empioved by the small com
jew in regard to the action taken at
Sikes Barre Wernesday rela ing t
these employers

earned
a feeling of di
'

on

A uniform wage «scale is looked uper
by them as of areater mportance thar
an eight-hour day At present ther itive
difference in the wages pald bw the larger

| COM pn les and the nel thin ‘i Tatorm
for this class of wort A moeting « f the
firemen. purnp runners and engineer
this district will be held here saturcda
evening and this matter w ber brong?

Weetneld, Chautauqua county, would prob- | puilding is the gift of Mr and Mrs. John
ally be pominated in Senator Higgins'’s | D. arehbold, who gave $15,000 of the $20,000
place Mr Nixon, it was said, prefers | which it will cost,and of the St. Christo-
fo retain in his present place, but the | pher chapterof the King's Daughters, who
exigencies of the sttuat *. inay make bim | contributed the remainder The new
the Senator in place of Mr oo . butiding will be 58x78 feet. At present
The proposed elevation ¢ Mr Nixon | there are 140 children in the home
opened another point of discussion last
night, d that was what should be done .
with dotham BP Allds of Norwich, Chenange | ORITUARY.
: ” y te o A a at ye ~ ea lhomas (Campbell Boshmell of Morris
wae © ee ee moiy. USE ltown died at his residence on Elm atreet
seine ob jection has been reamed to makin > :
him Speaker in place of Mr. Nixon, aa vesterday Mr Bushnell was born in Pitta.
i: wan th ght last night that the beast burg. Pa in i842) Im 1882 he joined Hamp
eolution of the problem would be to nomi ton's Independent Hattery of Light Artillery
hate Mr. Alide for Senator of the Twenty- of Pennsy!venia which participated in many
sth district, which i made up ef Sulll | important engagements Some years after
Sate Gere Slee tee ap oF MEET | the war he became connected with the firin of
ai, Dela vare and ( enango counties, Warden F Wer & Co., in Philadeiphia In
in place of William I. Thornton of Monti- iste he removed to New York in the interest
cello, Sullivan county of hw . which finaiiy became absorbed
it was said that without doubt Assem- by the Mtandard O11 Company Mr Bush-
hivmen 0 helaey of Geneseo, Livingston | nell then became @ director of the company
i a have been tromoted to he | ae removed to Morristown twenty-five vears
“ ' ‘ Nv — - . +} a He was a tnember of the Union League
Renu n leade nthe Moor of the &a- | af New York, the Morristewn Golf Club and a
wer vy had he net been «listed to be Ceunty | trustee of the Washinetor Aseoviation of
lugge and Surrogate of Livingston county ‘New Jersey He ia survived by ai wife
in view of that situation & proposition was | and one daughter
nad «t night to the effect that Assen Rernard Gray died on Thursday at hie home |
bierean James T. Kogers of Binghamton | 902 Wrekoff «treet, Krooklyn, in his fifty-elehth
of the First district of Broome eourty aball | Year He retired from the Fire Department
: . staes Shamsnsish = ce he fl ‘la few veare ago, after a service of twanty-
wv rice ro Tepubiean Lang ern (he Mer two veers je frequently distinguished
ot the next Assert) hen who isto oe | himaelf for bravery We had both lees ond

oy inner

hr
will putis
lntires Thess

won, it was eaid, the Republicans
ery effective work on the Lagie

wnt

 
 

have already made arrange
id the Republican State Con-
Saratoga on Sept 23

ments to t
vention mn

 

810,000,000 Ordnance Company Incer-
porated. j

Toe American Machine
'

}

i

i

Aumany, May 25
am! Ordnance

to-~«lay

mpany of New York was

ineot porated with a capital of

$i0.cm,000, to manufacture and
anee, ammunition, armament guns,
and projectiles of all kinds ~The
tine re are George Bonctue of 311 Weat
t, New York, O M. Palmer of
and Charles BO Holder of
Brookivn

deal in

ret
weapons

1s wt ree
M air, Nod
vi Gartie dt

ar

Addicks In Utica Gas Pight
Fdward Addicks &
Heat and

Ainany, May 273 J
tor of the Citiveas’ Light

a clare
Power Company, of Utica, incorporated
to-day mm opposition te the oer solidation
f gas companies in Utica and iaity, in-
‘ peoratest ecentiv with a capital ot $2.-
ooo be Anthony NN. Brady and Samuel
Dearcistey The ot her directors are Thomas
b «Shea of Larchmont and Edward H
\ n oof Brookivn
Vr Verph: Prep: Dewn te Atlantic (tty.
Ainanric Curry, Nd. Mav 28 The new
triamvi { Tammany Hall, Charks F,
Murphy, came to Atlaniic City | is evening |
and put up at the Bnghton. Mr, Murphy
accompanied by Pris T. Denohua
They will remarn here ull Monday

beth arms broken hesides suetarmning other
serious injuries, during his career as a fire
fighter Like his brother, John Morrissey
Gray and his Metiarry clansmen he was af
through his life active in Demoeratic ward
polities Two sons and two daughters sur
vive hin

Mrs Parthenia_M_ Mulry,
late Thomas M Mulry. died at her home
205 Weat Thirteenth street, yesterday after
noan of heart disease She leaves ino
daughters and three sons, Thomas M Mulrs
who t» well kiown among Catholice in this

loxceoh A M Mulry, who ix a etudent
i the Beston Jesuit College, and the Rev
i F \ Molry of Kingston, Jamaica She
wes about «0 veers oid

Oscar Whitford of Buffalo, died in Saratoga
on Thursday night) He was a graduate of
I nion College clase of 1858, and devoted hi«
life to civil and mining engineering, and early
in the (Os was in the employ of the Govern.
He was consulting engineer for a
«vndioate engs@ed im buriding
He was 69 years old and a

ment
New York
railroads in Chile
bachelor

javed Clark, probably the best known
painter of yachts in the country, dived on
Thursday at his home, 1119 Park place, Brook-
Ivn, In his seventy-fourth year For near
forty vears he carried on his business ip Houth
street and then moved to Third avenue,
Hrookiyn He had a fine summer home tn
Richmond Valley, Staten Island

Lucas ( Westervelt of Hackensack, NJ,
tied sudden! esterday morning, aged Ss
He went to Seattle, Wash, Inst year to build
several houses for a friend He fell into «
tren one dav and was badly
hie side He left the Pacific ¢ past last Satur
dav. reaching HWarkensack at 815 yesterday

; morning

When children are freful without
cause always ailing. puny, Griieat? ane you
“eannet make x what ie the matier” Or fp
Jayne's Tonle Vermifuge will generauiy bring
them round aright —Adér.

 

apparent

widew of the |

|

brumet on |

before the meeting

SAVSCRAPERS Osh SOIT Coal

Smoke Consumers Put tn tn One Instance

Health Beard With tet
The superintendents of the downtow:
office buildings began vesterday
sider seriousiv the quescven oof burn ong
soft coal, and in some of then ¢ r

;
sumption of soft coal has oti buen

started In the Proad-bachangs Muild og
apphances have teen installed for burn ng
soft coal without creating a num arid
yesterday soft coal war genera ly a
in its furnaces

A representative of the managermer
of Lord’s Court Puilding on bechange

place said that soft coal had been oncered
for the furnaces and in a shert time it would
probably be in us

Complaint+ were

mode veeterdaw ‘hat

atrus! COMpANy Fk VROoTale Tr on ver Broad
way wasfusing soft coal The ecmpla nants
were toid that a miorture of hard and wot

 

 

coal wae betng@ used hecnuse of the
of anthracite On ace
of anthracite the eng r

nt of the scareity
er of the te ‘

 

 

eaid he did not expect any aetion by th
Hoard of Healt! Health Corr estoner
Lederio aaid, however, that the scareaty of
anthracite coal woukl nett acernted
bw him as an ¢ - fo eng wo a
ite sand be kd ge alowed os i and
jet the corte deerde Che matter

Most of the Sound steamers burhed

eoft coal vesterday and there was talk of
a erarcity even of soft coal The head of a
well-known firm of coal dealers said that

| Roeks

| threw a stone at Police Ser,

|
| for attacking workmen,

anthracite.

Though the retail coal dealers agreed
not to advance the of anthracite
bevond $6.55 a ton this week, one or two
' firms which had a small quantity released
it at any prices it would bring. In one case
$8 a ton was charged by retail and in an-
other $8.50 but only a few tonsa were aold.
Soft coal sold at wholesale at from $3.50
to $180 a ton for the lower grades. The
former price was $2.65, aud pone of the
higher grades was i'n the market

 

Offers Price and a Half for Soft Coal,

|} Atroona, Pa, May 23. A bituminous
| operator is authority for the statement
to-night that a big electrical concern in the
| suburbs of New York has wired him an
| offer of price and a half for 200 cars of soft
coal to be delivered within & ht dey.
The operator cannot fill the order.

RIOTING STRIKERS Sk

 

SENTENCED.

| —————

One Gets Two Vears for Stenting a Potice-
man—Five Others Sent Up.

'

|

|

Parerson, May 22.—Six strikera who
were convicted of rioting were sentenced
|in the Court of Quarter Sessions to-
day by Judge Seott. Four of them took
part in the assaults on the dye houses about
four weeks ago. Gerold Miateli, who
t Haletead,
Was sentenced to two years in State Prison,
John Bell, who led the attack on Weid-
mann's dye house, got a year and a half
| Ernest Fortin and Louis Forano, who were
not eonvieted of any personal acts of vio-
_ were each sentenced to one year.
Casper and Angelo Benjatnin,
Italians who helped make trouble at the
Kogers Locomotive Works in| the course
of a strike, were each -entenced te one year

lence
Louis

 

TO RESIST LABOR ROYVCOTTS,

Protective League Organised
ia Terre Haute.

Terre Havre, Ind., May 23.--The Cen-
tral Labor Union, with 100 delegates, unani-
mousty placed nearly 1,000 prominent eiti-
zens on the “unfair” list because they had
joined the Citizens’ Protective League,
organized to resist boycotts growing out
of the six months’ strike of street railway
eniplo veces

some of the citizens had been boycotted

 

(tt zone’

because they rode on the ears, and the
boveott led to the formation of the league.
‘Terre Haute is Bugene V. Deba's home

town, and he led the movement for the
general beyoott

Menbers of trades unlons are to sign
pledge cards that (hey will not patronize

any member of the league.

STEEL FOUNDRY STRIKE.

000 Men Walk Out of American Co.'s Plant
at Giranite City, MH.

Granite City, LL, May 23.-Six hundred
moulders and helpers walked out of the
American Steel Foundry Company's plant
this morning as the result *of trouble with
their foreman

The men say that they struck because
they were required to make nine steel
transemes and filteen bolster in a ten-hour-
day's work, while eaght of the former and
fourteen of the latter Lave heretofore been
considered a good day's work

The men are not organized, but this even-
ing took the preliminary stepe to form a
union Only the shipping department of
the big plant was operated to-day, 2,000
men being tale

 

WISS IRVING QUITS MANSFIELD.

He Critictsed Her Acting After She Had
Won Several Curtain Calle,

Dever, Col, May 23) After a lively
diepute with Richard Mansfield over her
ability as an actrees, Lesabel Irving har
t rown up her contract and leit for her home
New Jersey. Sue joioed the company

week eo not play until Mon-
day evening when she appeared as La
Mary « erhot in *Reaweaire,” oo
soeh a« favorable impression that she re
sponded to several curtain calls, On Tuee-
day evening she came three times before
the curtain with Mr Manefield

Later that night Mr Manafield told her
she had failed to fillthe bill, and he criticised
her acting Mins Irving told him she did
not give a filip for his opinion, or words to
toat effect, cancelled her contract imme-
diately and left

Mr Mansfield denies that he bad any
trouble with Miss Irving. Her place waa
@rken bw Mise Ethel Knight Mollison, w
ts also about to leave him Maude Fea
of Denver may be engaged

DAUGHTER TO THE REYNALS.

—_— -—_e—

The Couple Who Were Married at the
Deathbed of the Hridegroem's Mether.

Wuartte Prains, May 23 --The announce-

ast

ment of the birth in New York of a
daughter to Mr and Mra. Nathaniel C

Revnal wae published in a White Plaine

peber today Mrs Rewnal was Mra. E Cc.
tutter, and she and Mr. Reynal were mar-
red at the bedside of his mother, the late

Mre Nathale Reynal, while she was dying,
at ber town house on Manhattan
Mr Revnal is one of the hetre of he ame
milton-dellar estate left by hia mot
He w a prominent whip aon automobiUist
His brotiwr hugene Keynal ia the poted
pote player and cross country rider
atharitel is the owner of Rocky Dell
fare. whieh was the country seat of his
mother at White Plains

   

  

 
 
  

 

JOHN BRISBEN WALKER
AND MAYOR Low

Visit Prospect Park South

John Brisben Waiker,  editcy ‘
*Cosmopolitan,” while parsing
Prospect Park Seu in ar 5
the other day with «a party
Mayor Low, remarked
man: *The advertieing «f
ia not half strong enough =!
cannot be overstated

Mayor Low, in his adr
exclumed “Beautifull BR

The fifty photos we «
do it scant justice

Flatbush electme trains fr

without change, ino twenty

Dean Alvord, owner, 257 Broad \ y
Ade

 

ACCOUNTS OPENED WITH EVERva0)y.

CAR
Sines

LARGEST CREDIT CLOTHIERS AND T).03,

To-day is tetter than delay Vers
dollar spent here means 4 {
cents worth of big value
satisfaction, Our no. cata .
credit system provides thi.

MEN’S AND EDYS'

CLOTHIR::
s CREL!

READY MADE AND TO Gey)

Ready-Made Sults and Overena’ st
cs. > CORUER, 816, 820 an 1 625
improo! Uvercoats, B15 to S46 i

 

Gb2. Tusedo and ful ress sults
der, 630, B35 and #40. k anit
63 to GBH. Mens Hats 82.50. Wriiet
Open Saturdays until 10 8 Mu day
WEEKLY AND MONTHLY # Aue
‘tt: Just A *
80-82 4TH AVE., ’’\,
Re A

/

$“y Rough
2 Straws.

Split Straws, $2 and $3.
Panama, All Grades.

<i St. BROADWAY 30th St
ASTOR HOUSE,

a
PARKER'S
HAIR
BALSAM

motes the growth of the hair 5
gives it the lustre and siikiness (/ 5 b
When the hair is gray or fe t
BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR

$

 

  

It prevents Dandruff and bai f

and keeps the scalp clean end by

   
 

sees
CARPET C.H.BROWN CO
221 E. 38th st.
OLEANSING °°. =...

STEAM AND 4 — ttent = co ve®
Co! IPRESSED AIR. Altering 4 Helaving.
———*

 

Flags Given te the Pennssivania Seritey.

A group of facsimile repr t a of
historical flags has been presented tot
Pennevivania Society of New York ty a

number of prominent members
pected theee flags wil first be duepianes

at the fourth annual dinner of t

 

 

which will be given at the Waloorf-Astuna
next December
JOTTINGS ABOLTT TOWN.
Joan A. Dit Post of the GA R t orgaricrs
ah associate membership The afsoclate me

heranip @ limited to tty
Five cases of «malipos and one dent) were re
ported vesterday in the boreugh of Mantattar

 

Canadian Pacific Railway
“THE IMPERIAL LIMITED.”

A New Trans-Continental Service.

On Tune 15
Mountains and Pacific ports

eapr

the Canadian Pacific Railway will begin an extra fast train sere
This train will be supplemental to the trans-co ub
aa which leaves Mentreal and Toronto daily

sta eh

The Imperial Limited

will consiat of coping. dining and beggeage care = It will be despatched tri-ween's %
Vednesdove and Pridays- from Montreal and Toronto, uniting at North Hay. art eoed
Kant r? hours, and Vancouver in @7 hours
THE LUXURY OF TRAVEL
nd the exquisite scenery of the British Columbian mountain chains are enioved ae]

° he tenadian Pactfe Railway

Forests, PeaKs, Glaciers and Canons

continuous moving panorama for ets hundred miles

pass ina
A Perfect Summer Climate.

For men * at a otretch the summet weather of the Kockies and sels ”

tteelf, and the
Canadian Pacific Hotels

at Banff lake Louise, Field, Emerald Lae, Glacier, Reveletok s a4,
and Vaneouver are the best on the continent Send for free Wlustrated 5 i

E. V. SNINNER, Gen. E. Agent, 353 Broadway, New Yo'"

——

 

A

For Hot weather things — he

Saturday Hunt ?

 

 

where they're best. 3 broaur
stores. Right negiace eat
foot.
Best Hot Weather Sulis Ours, $1759 525
| lined, half lined, unlined
galore. Wool Crash Costs and [rrusc’>

Ht

 

| Three 841
BROADWAY Stores. { Cor.

Wauctudl arias

13te St. Cor. Canal St. |

ours par excellence, $12 & $14

Weather Shirts, Underwear, Necks

tles, Vests, Socks.
What's your chest measure *

4, come quick, many $io §
Reduced to $12.
Boys’ Suit Sale a) ji) >) :
$% 59 \sizes 6 to 1G) Suits | at $3.78,
Stores Open this bo ‘

20:

Near Chambers S*.