less on the asphalt. “At that moment «
gentleman came up and, with a brief ‘I am
@ surgeon,’ was down at once, making an

examination. He shook his heed and said

ful story” by Mr Bain, and the story of the something, inaudible to the girl at the

sentimental thief who forgave and enriched

The young man facing hirn turned

window

the wouth who had hit him in the neck with | peavily to the bystanders: ‘Men, my father |

a «tone is characterized by Mr. Bain 88 | ji. dead: help me to carry him.’ The inert
ble ~ body waa lifted, the sen supporting the
cork is rieh in words and in the acquire- head, and carried to a house a little way up

rents of study ‘None can take up bi8 | the street on the opposite side, the door of

works.” Mr. Bain tells us, “without being | which the surgeon opened with a key. It
in pressed by the richness and variety Of | oa. aj) over for Miss Ellerton * © © She

his vocabulary, and it ia not too much to

aay that no other Russian writer ever Uses,

or bas used, so many foreign termes (Eng-
lish) and French, especially), or has coined
eo many new words from extraneous West
ern soureEs It is also Plain from i
ternal evidence that be has studied history,
Philosophy and science with enthusiasm,

nd | aaree with those Ruasian eritios
who complain that he has assimilated more
Nietzschianiam than is good for him, al-
Rhone the other band, | consider that
his obligations Nietzeche are far less
considerable than is commonty supposed,”
Bis finest descriptions « f roture are to te
fiom in “Chelkash” (the story of the sent
ftertal thoet ere wneludet), and his “d
ecriptions «f V igan scenery ‘eome here
“are man ent

Nine of Gronks tales are included in
this volute The reader will naturaliv
atudy them. and we trust that be will find
that thew hear all that the translator
declares They might do less than that
@nd still be fairly satisfving

More New Novets.

, na as there must be stories of ad-
@enture set in a frame of history, it is as
@ell that the seene should be laid some.
wher oof the beaten path We are
giatefu therefore, to ti. MeManus for
making “The Wager” (F M. Buckles Ato)
turn about eo siege of Limerick Here,
heroine and villain, all are Irish, and there
ere plenty of Guehe terms thrown tn for
Joeal color The story is short and brigk
and gives glimpses of a great man who
ough! to be better known to non-Trish-
men, Patrick Sarstield

It is rather strange in a nevel built on the
weiledefined tines of British fletion to come
upon a British Carmen It is Miss Theo
dora Wilon Wilson, who introduces us to
her in T Racea Queen” (Appletons:
She & an attractive young person whose
chief fault is that of falling into the West-

in correct
Honorary
that

moreland dialect The dialect
we have the word of the Rev
Canon Kawnesley in a preface for
She has a cousin who ts musical and studies

 

 

fin Germany, whieh enables Milas Wilson
te employ a great many German termes
hesides The reader who surmounts the
Linguistic difficulties will probably follow
the adventures and love affairs of these
young women with satisfaction to the end
The perplexing ibertance of Mr Ripley
I Saunders’ “John Kenadie” (Houghton
Miffiin & Co.) was a blood feud that had

waged for four generations in the Kentucky
Mountains The hereditary passion that
shows upoin him from childhood up is de- |
scribed in ample detail He has an ade-
quate opponent, acharming young vixen
to fail love with, a mother and other
Petainers to set off his qualities, and finally
erites poetry It is a harmiess tale with
some entertaining Passages

For “The Gate of Kiss” (Lothrop
Publishing Company: Mr John W Harding

in

the

has gone back to the dave of “Hezekiah,
King of Judah” He describes the life of
the Jews and of the Assyrians, as he con-
ceives it, with lota of gorgeousness and
plenty of gore Life was at high pressure
then, and language as well, we should
judge. and we agree with the publishers
that there is nothing anemic about the
story

Marvy Hallock Foote intended
“The Desert and the

What Mre
to demonstrate tn

Bown” «Houghton, Mifflin & Co} we really
cannot make out If ever a Dutch far-
mer's obstinacy went so far aa to force

his child to drink water from a well ful!
of typhord germs, which nad alread¢ killed
his other children and his wife.we might
expect that child to show firmness of char-

 

 

acter in after life, if it surviveds but isn't
that carrving the theory of heredity to
an abeord point® There is a good deal
of misunderstanding which seems kept
up solely for the purpose of harrowing
the reader's feelings and a lot of senti-
mentality which to a healthy person must
seem mawkish It is a gloomy world
that Mre Foote has looked Into, and, so far
as we can seo, a needlessly gloomy one

The wav of the transgressor is hard
This lesson ix elaborated in a melocra-
mat Wild West setting bv Mr Frank
Lewis Nason in “Tothe End of the Trail”
(Hove Mifflin & Co) Onee upon
a ting ere were weekly periodicals
devoted fRletiont the Firemde Com-
panion he Vankee Blade, the Warerly
Magazin« erenember the names mahtiy,
and a let more where stories like this wera
printed and reached the public that en-
joved them The world has changed
and now we fin’ them in beok form, pub-
lished | epiital wes, and offered
to be erit das literature

VMoerchester

Tn * Morchester.” by Charles Datchet
(G P Putman’s Sons), we have in the words
of a sub-title, a story of American soriety
polities, and affairs Morchester sounds
@ good deal like Rochester, but we do not
know tha anuy particular signifieance
atiact the clreumstance Mr Datechet
tells us that Morchester has been an im-
portant city of the Middle States for at
least three generations This is true of
Rochester, but s also true of a number
of cities besides The encyclopedias, we
are toil, say that it is well situated for
many kinds of manufacture and for com-
merce, that it has a long water front and
that it can be reached by vessels of con-
@iderable «ize Certainly the water front
of Rochester i<of ampleextent, and certainty
the sive fa eanal boat mav be said to he
Considerable, stil we should not like ta
leap to the conclusion that) Morchester
am! Rochester are identical Phe port.
lishers’ notice warns us verv reasonaliy
when | save Many guesses may he

hevarded as to the exact locality which the
author had in mind: but, as a matter of fact
while he certainly draws his material from
a definite source, the incidents of his story
ere typical of any one of twenty towns *

The opening chapter of *Morchester”
plain, businesslike, and to the point Here
the young heiress, Mary Ellerton, looking
from the window of her home at No. @21
Washington street, the violent
death of Theodore Marshall's father She
hears the clangor of a fire engine coming
up Katreet. “A single wagon, like adoctor's

*

Witnesses

buggy. vas approaching from the opposite
direction Tt contained two men, the one
driving noet the prime of life, vet he
looked str: +) determined; the other
Wasa voung well set up, with a clean-
cut air and es tute mouth ‘Father and
fon.” she ugh! Om came the engine

its big horses at full gallop, ite wheels
grinding and ringing on the street-car
rails, its gong ‘sounding, gray smoke
pouring from its funnel" The engine
struck the buggy and upset it. The

younger man war up in a moment and

et his boree’s head. The elder lay eeuse- ,

sat for some time looking dejectedly at
the opposite houses. She was shocked
by what she had seen.”

We have abbreviated this somewhat, but

, in — it seems a little abrupt
i and

crude. The style expands itself and
grows mellower as the story proceeds, On
page 42 we notice a remark by Miss Ellerton
to the effect that Theodore Marshall does
not seem to be a timid person. Further on
we find ample proof that he is not timid. In

the roof garden at the club he said to
the rather unserupulous politican, Flix
MeLean “Will rou come into the atreet,

where [shall be at liberty to pound you?”
McLean declined the invitation, pretending
be amused “Then be kind enough
to take yourself off. You are not wanted
here,” said Marshall, * I am quite within
mr rights, I believe, anwvhereon th roof,”
answered McLean * 1 believe vou are.”
said Marshall, “but it may as well be noted
that you force yourself upon people who
do not find you agreeable; you take ad-
vantage of a place that protects your skin
to insult a man who anywhere else would
knock you down, and you appear to be
afraid to go into the street. I believe vou
have the reputation of heing a parasite,
a tricky politician of a small kind, a tuft
hunter, a loafer, and a loose liver, but it is
my fortune to stamp vou as personally
timid *

Later Marshall gave McLean a dreadful
thrashing, bruising him so that he was laid
up in bed for a week and was obliged to
take his food in liquid form through a
giasstube. The affray occurred in a country
road at night MeLaan had a pistol, which
he leveled shouting “Keep back, or T will
ahoot vou likeadog'” Weread. *Theodore
never talked afterward of what followed,
but if he had he could not have told whether
MeLean had or had not a pistol; certainly
no shot was fired Marshall only knew
at the time that MeLean was in his hands
and when he had dor» with him he felt
deadly sick at the thought of a man so beaten,
He dragged his victim to the side of the
road and left him” Miss Ellerton found
the pistol in the trampled weeds next day
We are told that she examined it and found
it fully loaded, and that a trace of a smile
flickered at the corners of her mouth and
eves as she sald to herself in a meditative
but slightly exultant tone “ Not even
a chance to use it” As for Marshall, all
the injuries that he sustained was compre-
hended in a “bruise near the cheekbone
and an uncomfortable nose that looked

to

jas if it had been borrowed *

has ita queer spota, but
it ia an unusually interesting «tory. Its
polities, Ita secial life and its business com-
plications are well and strongly presented
Its characters are vivid and entertaining
Fven its sermons are readable We notice
that one of the characters, on going to his
room ina hotel, rings for “iced” water We
suppose that the form is a concession to
the English like “ clangour ” and “parlour ”
Tt is curious, however, to find a true blue
American ringing for * iced ” water in his
own country.

* Morchester *

 

Walter Besant's Life.

At the time of his death Sir Walter Besant
had hecome in a way the father of literary
London. The younger, intense writers,
full of foreign schemes for a regeneration
of English letters, scoffed at him and spoke

lightly of his work, but his kindness of
heart, the services he had rendered to
many persons, and, perhaps, his survival

of other greater writers, gave him a place
that may be compared to that of James
Russell Lowell in his later vears in this
country, He left an incomplete account
of hia Hfe, which is published under the
title * Autobtography of Sir Walter Besant,”
by Dedd, Mead & Co It was intended
for publication and makes as delightful
a story as any of his novela, so far as he
had Fully two-thirds of the
hook i taken up with reminiscences of
his early life and the story of hia child-
hood, of his life at Cambridge and of his
experiences as a teacher in Mauritius,
and nothing could more genial or
pleasant. In the later chapters, in which
he gives an account of his work as a novel
wri' Reaant much brief, and
it i impossible not to feel that he would
have left cut disagreeable
and uld have amplified whatever he
left saine chatty manner of
earlier pages The objeetions to
critics would) have toned
probably

No man, perhaps, ie a judge of hia own
qualities Walter Besant could write pleas-
ant, readable tales, certainly not «of the first
rank either as fletior literature He
pr himself, however echolar-
slip and his antiquarian knowledge, and
felr the critics pra his
stones and passed wetting He
anti ungenerous to
Rice, their col-
laboration, we fanev, evervbody

in which Rice waa
s fads in check re
alone after
in which the

revised it

he

er 1* more

whatever is

*

in the the

the

Leen down

or

lee on his

sore becuse next
wer the

* to be

regre

us te
but he
though,
oved the hooks
able to hold Besant
than those which Besant wrote
Rice's death The way
nie’s Palace arose out of the interest created
"All Sorte and Conditions of Men”
Hesant take hia pl

were

im very

Jarnes tte

er

m
Peo-

nat-
anthropic

by
urally trade

schemes mor uslv thar
~l He
and los efforts for the Society
and for
the light
fame He gives an aceount
examination paper on Picks

perhaps they
work
of Authors
more highly
gave him hia
of the famous
ick set by Cal-
seewered best Se much
has bewn made of that paper of late that
there is some danger that Sir Walter Besant
may as the man who answered
if The autelnography is entertaining and
readable Tt a intradueed by a prefatory
note hy Mr S Squire Sprigge = It takes an
hnglshman to live down euch a name

feserve cleariv esteemed that

niernational copyright

than fietion which

whieh he

verlev,

live only

 

Sentiment Spun Fine.

There is an impression current that by
English law a man may not marry his
ren grandmother, and the novelists have
usually avoided the complication, though
we recollect one bngheh love story that
was shattered on that rock The girl waa
young and had married the lover's grand-
father There have been heroines some-
what older than the hero, and Henry Ea-
mond is a witness of how that difficulty
may be surmounted with dignity The
Freneh, too, have raved over the attractions
of “the woman of 80° to the very voung,
but it was reserved to Miss Anne Douglas

 
  

Sedgwick in "The Reseue” (the Century
Company) to set forth the claims of
the woman} of 50 to the adoration of

vouth Miss Sedgwick does not cater te
the general publie; she writes for those who
delight in the hidden byways of the tender
passion and its curious manifestations
They read and buy bovks aud have as much

right as any one to have their intellectual |

|, oven if tt calle for a
de * For ordinary peo-
ple, however, the actors in the fineasing
@ame seem rather sexless. They have a
delightful way of saving exactly what ts
going on in their minds, a process which
has its advantages in explaining them to
the reader and must be of great value to
self-analysts desirous of comparing notes,
but which might be awkward among per-
sons accustomed to action and not to mere
talk Mins Sedgwick's hero and heroine
are very refined and very noble, but we
cannot help sympathizing with the efforts
of the heroine's vulgar, materialistic daugh-
ter, nearly thirty yeara of age, to break
out of that rarefied atmosphere
The “rescue” arranged by the hero, emi-
nently reapectable though it is, seems to
land all concerned in a worse meas than
before, morally and practically Mise
Sedgwick writes excellent English and her
story is readable. The publishers send us
at the same time two earlier books by her,
“The Confounding of Camelia” and *The
Dull Mise Archinard,” marked by the same
qualities of good writing and precioeecity
of sentiment. There is too much plaving
with love and too little love

Sectarian History.

Reuben Parsons, DOD, has
undertaken the rather large task of writing
a Universal History. He publishes it him-
self at Yonkers, and the first volume, of over
9) octavo pages, extending from the crea-
tion of man to the fall of the Roman Empire,
is now before us. Dr, Parsons does not
believe in ‘unsectarian history,” that in
hie eves stands for rank “materialism” or

“complete indifferentism.” He declares
frankly in his preface that the pages of
his book are redolent of the Catholic «pirit,
and that every historical matter has been
treated from a Catholic point of view, More-
over, the work is not professedly and almost
exclusively controversial, but argument is
not shunned when the interests of historical
truth call for ite use,

Nobody will deny that Dr. Parsons has
aright to tell history in any epirit he chooses
nor that Catholic controversial history of a
very high order has been written. But is
thie “History” quite fair to Catholics?
Surely, Catholic scholarship has advanced
bevond the eighteenth century. To take
one point that is free, we imagine, from
the pomability of arousing religious contro
versy, the early history of Rome. Dr.
Parsons gives us the arrival of Aineas and
the Trojans in Italy, Romulus and Remur
with the she-wolf and the vultures and
the leap over the ditch and each of the
seven kings, with thetratrcitutes and extet
dates To be sure, he points out here and
there that these are fables, and it would
be a pity to lose the old stories, but nowhere
does he suggest what the real history of
Rome was as modern historians and archa-
ologists have interpreted it. no amall num-
ber of them perfectly sound Cathohes = The
Catholic word has advanced since the days
of Rollin and Cantu

Dr Parsons's judgments in art will per-
a not meet with general acceptance

Peter's is a noble and famous edifice,

too

The Rev

 

      

i

roth

“The Interna

by Prot bran, ere Cay meee
Co.), est its ”

hooks of reference lta particular merit

in putting its information in short com-

‘pact articles that can be consulted without

too many cross-references, after the man-

ner of the excellent German Converse-
tions-Lexwons. kiaborate dissertations
such as the Eneyclopadia Britannica

provides are maddening to the man who
vas only a short life before him. The
fourth volume of the series, containing the
compendium of progress for 1001, is w to
the standard of the earlier volumes re
are more maps than before, and in that of
Africa we are glad§ to notice improve-
ments apd many more pictures Here
the editors seem to be yieldi to the ter

tation of using what is easily procurat

some aang of very transitory intereat
might have been left out with no lows to the
dignity of the work, It might, perha

have been as well, too, to await the reewu te
of the Baldwin Arctic expedition before
giving it so much notice. We note with
Pleasure maps of the Arctic and Antarctic
regions, both are likely to call for study
during the vear

That standard work of reference, the
“American Newspaper Direetory,” is out
for 1902, the thirty-fourth veer of publica-
tion. (George Po Rowell A Coo ia vol-

ume ia decorated with a portrait of Mr
Rowell, who haa been at the head of the
undertaking from the Leginmn \s every
one whe has used i knows, t 4. not only
a careful deseription of all newspapers and
periodicals putilishedt in the Unoted States
hut contains muen other mn-
formation regarding the places where they
are patliebedt Porto Rico, the Philippines
and Cuba are included in this volume,
“American Street Kailway Investmenta,”
the well-known and invaluable compuila-
tion of information and statistics about
street railways, is ust out for 1902, Ms ninth
annual edition. «(The Street Railway Pub-
lishing Company.) This edition contame
teperts for 1281 companies, detaile of all
the impertant consolidations that have
taken place during the vear, and many
vomere maps, some in colors

Phillips's Business Directory of New
York City.” an old-establiat book of
reference in use in every office, is now
ready in its edition of 1002 (the Phillips
Ihrectory Company), with its compact
formation and practical index to business
headings. This is the thirty-second year of
publication,
With the fifth volume the “Histories of
the Several Regiments and Battalions
from North Carolina in the Great War.
1881-45," edited by Walter Clark and pub-
lished by the State (Nash Bros, Goldebere,
N.C) is completed. The series bs in every
way a credit to North Carolina. The fifth
volume contains, with other matter, ac-
counts by various hands of every battle
in which North Carolina troops took part
It has full indexes The work is published
at an amazingly cheap price, inasmuch
as the services of editors and writers were
gratuitous, while the State provided for
the cost of paper, printing and binding.
We have also received

and Canada,

“Principles oof Sanitary Science and
the Public Health " William T. Sedgwick,
Ph DL) (Macmillans +

“The Rise of Religious Liberty in Amer-
jea” Sanford H Cobb (Maemillans >
“The Evolution of the English Bible *
HOW Hoare (John Murray, EP Dutton
& co '

“A Comprehensive Guide- Book to Natural,
Hygienic and Humane Inet” Sidney H
Beard (Thomas Y Crowell & Co4
"Selling the Bear's Hide, and Other Tales ~

 

but Dr. Parsons speaks of it as “the most |] Charles Stewart) Davison (No imprint
sublime and most truly artistic temple | Richmond Hill, Lon Island ) -
wiich man hit hert« » has even excogitated The Service Henry D1 Thoreau, ed-
aoa “6 ited be Frank B Sanbern (Charles FE

English Yiust Gentoqned )
me ane Miss Petticoats.” Dwight — Tilton

{ books on music in the nine
teenth century, published in England

perhaps fitting that there should be a \

In a series 0
«

« oM Clark Pub lishing Company )

Poems Robert Underwood Johnson,
(The Cen curv Company >
The Lower South in American History ”

ume on “English Music in the NINth Cen-] witam Garrott Brown (Macmillana)
tury.” such as Mr J A’ Fuller Mattland “The Rubaivat of Omar Khayvam.dunior °
has written (Cirant Richards; BOP Durte Wallace Irwin. (Eider & Shepard, San
& Go.) The author, fortunately an gone | Franciaco }
bovend ti the range of his title = a . Statistien! Studies in the New York

; le in speaking | voney Market" John Pease Norton,
of foreign music performed in England | ph) pi Macmilians )
and foreign musicians. He tells the story “The Dave of the Son of Man. A Tale of
too, of Engiand’« siender achievement Svria” Rosamond TD Rhone G P
and enumerates many Composers, singer Putnam's Sons)

: _— “Spanish Life in Town and Country”

wt

whose fame for the m
There

and performers,
part is dim even in their own land

have heen, as there are, reapectable British

loins Higgin «G P Putnam's Sons)
4 Grand Duchess The Life of Anta
Amalia, Duchess of Saxe-Weimar Fisenach

musicians, and the British are fond of nd the Classical Circle of Weimar" Two
music; but there seems to be a ludicrous My ines Frances Gerard (EP Dutton
&ior
inaular lack of the sense of proportion in leminiscences of Sixte Yeara in Public
8 division of the century inte two parts, be Affairs " Two volumes George 8S Boutwell
oy and after the “renaissance.” which is | (MeClure, Phillips & Co)
at 1851, and of which the leaders are “Christendom Anno Domini MDCCCCT ®

A
Vil

ne

‘aoa jer Mackenzie, Hubert Parry
Goring Thomas, Frederic Cower
liers Stanford No doubt thes
much toward lifting Britieh n

man standards, but we don't

and
have
usic t

know an Er

ad
ter

2

Teo volumes. Edited by the Rew. William D

Grant, Ph DD (Chauneey Holt >

The Roots of Christian Teaching as
Found the Old Testament" George
Aaron Rarton, Ph D. (The John C, Wins-

ton ¢ '

“The German Empire of To-Day ” Veritas

lish name of the century that will stand in} cuangmans, Green & Co)
the third or fourth rank among the great “folaus An Anthology of Friendship °
composers The nearest approach to it is] Edward Carpenter (Swan Sonnenschein
te Arthur Sullivan. However, the editor | & Co Charles E. Cnedapeed.) -
the series tells us that “England ds no eae Pubivat ing tee
fale to reoecupy among the @o-called tus Marion Manning” Edith Bustis. (Har-
eal nations that position which she has pers |
not held since the day of Purce whatever An Onlooker’a Note-Book” By the
that may mear Mr Fuller Maitland’. | author of ‘Collections and Recoliections’ ”
book is conscientious aceount of the piers, ing for Truth.” (Peter Eckler )
Britien reo “The Government What It Is. Whar It
<= - Toes Saiter Storms Clark (American
A Painfal Tale by Mr. Cable. Book Company
What can have possessed Mr George W “Klementary Physical Geography" Wil-
Cable to writ “Bylow Hill” (Charles ee Uk eee Toon fer ie Oren Gum
Seribner's Sone)? He shows in it all his? mine (The Mutual Book Company.)
artiatic skill and at the same time a woftl “Line Type Lerica * Bert Leston
lack of artistic values The scene is shifted | Tavior ¢Wilham S Lord)
from Mr Cable's familiar South to the Berk De “oe A . . ‘ re . —
ahire Hi lis, and his deme ripti fh of the eour pay ' si ~ a
trv is delightful Sets hisaceount of the peo “ave Never Faileth An Emotion
ple to whom he introduces the reader, they | Touched by Moralities ” Carnegie Simpson
promuse to be charming acquaintances. Un- (Fie ming H Revell Con pany é
luckily, he brings in a story of insane jeal- earl oh, ms hired Sanion” Lan
ousy in which anbpiseopalclergymar “OR ] (Horace Cox +
by an oVersensiiive conselenoe, smashes Uncle Jed'< Counterw Letters" Hilda
a lantern on the head of his guiltless wife | Brenton ‘Henry Ao Dhekerman & Son)
with no harmful results, and does various | "4 Remedy for Tove” Ellen Olney
other unclerical and uagettlemaniy things SS es To-day 7

It is possible that the ineidents recorded | Samuel [wes Curtiss, (Fleming HO Revel

may have occurred in reali life. but that does | Company +

not make them neoessart suitable for ‘Lew at Appomattox, and Other Papers ”

fiction Every daily newspaper has plenty al aries Francis Adams (Houghton, Mif-
in & Cor

of material that, properiv treated, may *Mermonale of the Huguencta in Amer-

serve the novelist for a piot; but it by no | ica The Rew A Stapleton. 4 M. (Alu.
means follows that the novelist should | guenot Publishing Company, Carlisle, Pa.
“Brinton Eliot James Fugene Farmer

present his story in the same form t hat the
does Mr Cable's pevehologt-
though there are startling bite of

Lewepape r
eal study

truth in it, is needlessly mortid and neewd-

(Macnmullans }

“A Foren View of England in the Reigns
of George | and George IL” César de
Saussure, transiated by Mme Van Muyden

lewsiv brutal bven the lapse of time can- (John Murray, Eo Po Dutton & te ' os
* “Health, Speech and Song” J utta 1

not excuse the tad taste of the ending after Rauske. iSwan Sonnenschein & Co; &

the horrible catastrophe in the story P Dutton & Coo
a “Rights and Wronge of the Transvaal!
Other Beck.. War” Fedward T Cook (Lengmans
Charles Stewart Davison's little | Gren & Co) lees

vor of sketches, “The Bears Trail, | NEW PRIESTS TO RE ORDAINED.

and Other Tales” (The Nassau Press, Kieh-
mond Hall, L. 0), is better desenbed by the

Services at the “Cathedral Under Special
Permission From Rome.

running he ~adline “Adventures in the

Open” The sketehes arr of personal ex- At St) Potrick’s Cathedral (his morning

perionces of the auth in Various parts | about 1M voung men are to reerive the

ef the workd, They are slight) but well | various grades of ordination of the Catholic

told and may interest a wider cirele than | Church wey of them will - ee
oft aoacie, a wrest shop O'Connor o ‘ewar

that of the author's personal friend ~ 2 — a 22 ee San po

A little primer of mology with much eon.

has been

from hes seminery, Seton Hall, and from

densed infer “1 ion written OF | st) Joseph's Seminary at Dun woodie

B. Lindsay “The Story of Animal Life” Under Chureh law an adminwtrator
sani letons), & volume of “The Library of | eannet cal! candidates to orders while
Uwe Mt Stories The subjeet lends itmelf a eee is vacant, and permission had to be
to the bref traatment demanded much obtained from Rome, after Archbishop

than others in the series, and the
author's work seems to be well done

A handy littl beck about France, “Pave
de France.” by Pierre Fonein, modelled
somewhat after Stoppani’s deseription of
Italy, “I! Bel Paese,” bas been translated
ito English by a French enthusiast, Dr
H. H Kane (the International Publishin
Company?! Tt tellsabout the geography oan
the products and Government of France
with an outline of what che hap hen in

bret ter

history and what she has done in literature
and the arts. There are careless slips in
the wansiation. We dou't believe, for

Corrigan's death, for Bishop O'Connor to
ordain the New York student«

t.aw tostitute GMecers Chasen.
The New York Law Inativute held ite
forty-seventh annual election of offloers
yesterday in the Inetitute’s library in the

Federal Building. The following were
chosen President, FE. Henry Lacombe,
United States Cireuit Judge; Vice-Presi-

dents, Judge John Clinton Gra Gk
rene = dames ©. Carter; Voeasaser,
> BE. Souther; Secretary, J. J. Rollins,

FIRE MEDAL AWARDS TODAY.

—_——_-— --

MAYOR LOW WILL HONOR THE
MEN WHOM STURGIS CHOSE.

 

The Rank and File Are Not Satisfied With
the Commissioner's Action in Over
riding the Selections of the Committee
ef Chiefs and (Charge Favoritism.

There is much dissatisfaction among
the uniformed members of the Fire De-
partment over the list of firemen selected
by Commissioner Sturgis to receive from
Mayor Low to-day at Fire Headquarters
the medals for meritorious conduct a per-
sonal riek, at fires during the year 1900,

Commissioner Sturgis appointed a com-
mittee of five chiefs to investigate the
claims, but when the committee decided
on a@ list, the Commissioner discarded it
and made one of his own, The new list
included all but two of the names picked
by the committee, but firemen selected
by the committee for certain medals were
put down for others. In addition to this,
two captains selected by the committee
were dropped entirely

The friends of the captains who were
dropped charge that Commissioner Sturgis
had listened to the opinions of personal
friends instead of taking the list
had been prepared by the majority of the
uniformed chiefs, who had gone over all
the reports on file. On the other hand,
the friends of the Commissioner argued
that polities had figured in the list of names
selected by the committee of chief«

The committee appointed by Commis-
sioner Sturgis to © up the 1000 list con-
sisted of Chief Croker, Deputy Chiefs

Ahearn, Duane and Purroy, and Battalion
Chiefs Binns, Gooderson and Kruger

For the Bennett medal for rescue work
they selected Capt. JF, MeArce, but Com-
missioner Sturgis c shose Fireman T. T. Mear-
thur of Engine 47, who rescued a fellow fire-
man at the Tarrant fire

For the Robert Ronner medal for heroic
work the Commissioner accepted the com-
mittee's selection, Engineer J Haggerty,
who was chosen for bravery at the Mallory
steamship pier fire The Trevor-Warren
medal by the committee's decision went
to Fireman Thomas Mulaney for the part
which he took in the rescue of seven persons
at a fire at 415 West Fifty-seventh street
on Jan. 24, 1900, Commissioner Stur
has named Fireman James Monaghan
this medal for his work in rescuing per-
sone from a building on First avenue on
Jan 3, 1900

The Commissioner awards to Mulaney
the Strong medal, for which there were no
funds, but for which money has now heen
ig The committee selected Capt

Brogan of Engine Company 15 for the
John Stephenson, the

medal, provided by
yneral

late car builder = This award is for
efficiency as a commanding officer,
Commissioner preferred Cast John F
Devanney, who will receive the medal to-
day The other captain, whose name is
dropped, MeAree, ia in command of Engine
73

ln |
for

wit the |

which)

After Mayor Low hands over the medals |

to-day the department's life saving corps
and the companies detailed at Fire Head-
quarters will give a public exhibition

BRIBERY IN CHURCHILL TRIAL.

Accusations Involving Both the Defendant
and Inspector Cross.

the trial of Sergt Churchill before
Commissioner Partndge vesterday, Patrol-
man Ayers told of a conversation he said
he had had with Bertha Hitt<, the reputed
proprietor of a Ninth street) disorderly
house The Hitts woman told Avers,
according to his story, that he should net
he ‘too hard” on her as her business had
been poor and she had paid $300 to Seret
Chuorehill Another $500 was paid to one
of Inspector Croge's men for him, the woman
is allegex! to have said

The contention of the defence, vresterday,
was that the Hitts woman was protected
by the Headquarters police

After Otto Rosalsky, Churehille ecoun-
eel. had tried to attack the eredibility of
Avers his crom-examination was finished

 

 

At

The case will go on to-morrow and
then an adjournment will be taken until
Jane? = The defence will call 100 witnesses

BANKRUPTCY CHANGES CRGOED.
Business Men to Send a Delegation to
Washington in Favor of the Ray Bt.

A meeting of business men was held at
the offices of the Board of Trade and Trans-
portation vesterday to urge upon ‘ ngreas
the need of passing the Ray bill which
makes more stringent the existing laws by
providing penalties for fraudulent trans-
ers of property, andempowering the courts
to prevent the harge of bankrop ts
suspected of fraudulent practices It also
provides that a canrupe after being once
discharged cannot apply for another ats-

chara@e until the ouplfanios of six vears

After a resolution urging the passage of
the bill had been passed it was decided to
wend a delegation of the associations repre-
aented at the meeting to Washington
on Monday to press the matter upon the
Speaker and the Committee on Rules

DE FOREST NEEDED INSPECTORS.

Has Been Inspecting Tenements as Best
He ¢@ould Without Them.

Tenement House Robert
W. De Forest, appeared before the Alder-
men's Committee on Public Health veeter-
day in answer to the Aldermen's request
that he explain allegations that the inspec-
tion of tenement houses is neglected and
that as a result smallpox had increased

Mr De Forest presented along statement
The gist of it was that he had done the best
he could, but he couldn't inapeet
ments without inspectors and the Civil Ser-
viee Commission Vad failed to certify the
eligible lists of inspectors recently
The eligible liste had now
Mr De Forest said, and an adequat:
of inspectors would be appoints d at once

ORTHODON JEWS nip HIGHER.

Go Reformed Jews a500 Ketter tn bight
for Baptist Charch Property

 

ime

 

 

Commissioner

tere

nti
heen reoened,

orps

The purchase by a syndicate « f Green-
point Reformed jews of the Old Union
Avenue Raptist Chureh property in) Mar
hattan avenue for $15,500, this being $500
more than a partyot Orthodox dews offered
for the property.ts likely to create hard feel

ings between these two Jewish beocties
The Reformed Jews want to heep the Ortho
dox Jews out of the neighborhood ' Cae

dav the Orthodos Jews offered the trustees

of the Union Raptr: Church, whieh owns |
the property ti4.000, which is $) more
than the Reformed dews offered [is likely

that there will Le liwelw competition forthe
property before a final sale uw effected

rroi ou MEN MEET.

 

No Organization and Ne Action Toward
increasing Prices.
Cincinnati, Ohio, May 23) Representa-
tives of leading plough- manufacturing con
eernms of Ohio, Kentucky, Pennsylvania,
Tennessee, Alabama and Georgia met here
to-day in secret seasion, but claim no or-
ganization Was effected and no action
taken toward increasing prices They said
they simply talked over conditions of
trade os

Great Chance to Insare Bron, Jot.

The Tremont Social Club t« going
give a monster May Walk to 10,090 children
of The Bronx in Crotena Park to-day. Mis«
Mav Wallace will be Queen of the May
and there will be courtiers from al! part«
of the borough All the public ele
will be there to kiss the children of voters

Lawser Saks Fined s10 for Being Late.
Judge Cowing in General Seasions fined a
lawyer named Sake $10 yesterday for being

late when his client's trial was called.
trial had to go over for the day.

 

* ta

 

“I Know of no one
place ne

GEORGE W. CABLE'S

NEW

Illustrations

in color

by

F.C. YOHN

 

tt et tt lll th

fitter to stand in the

xt Hawthorne's.” — Atlantic Monthly.

NOUVEL

lilustrations

in color

by

F.C. YOHN

BYLOW HILL

The scene is laid in the Massachusetts country which
the euthor hase lately adopted for his home . + : +

$1.23
(THIS IMPORTANT NOVEL 1S NOW READY)

The Courage

of Conviction

By T. R. SULLIVAN, author of “ Tom Sylvester,” ** Roses of Shadow.”

A novel of modern American life, the scene New York City.

There are two closely

interwoven themes—one, the very American passion for money getting, the other a

complicated love interest.

$1.

50

 

Next Thursday

A PASTEBOARD CROWN

A NOVEL OF THE

NEW YORK STAGE

By CLARA MORRIS.
CHARLES SCRIBNER’'S SONS, NEW YORK

 

WILLIAM GOUGH'S | nopY FOUND.

Missing Brooklyn Matter Was Drowned |

Had Been Mentally Weak.
The body of William H Gough, a well-to-do
retail hat dealer at 93 Willian street was
found yesterday in the East River off Pier

11, at the foot of Old Slip) The body had

heen in the water for several days

Mr Gough was 43 years old and lived

with his wife and two sons at 312 President
street, Brooklwn About a vear ago he
suffered with nervous prostration and since
that time bis mind has been fatlin: Just
before noon on the morning of May 6 he
walked out of his store in William street
Nothing more was heard from bim = until
his bedv was found yesterday

Edward Gough, his brother, said vesterda
that his brother's mind had become a bian
and he was not accountable for his actions
He believed, he said, that his brother had
fallen into the river w hile wandering about

CORBETT WHIPS ‘RID BROAD.

The Featherweight Champion the Victor
in a Ten-Round Bout.

Denver, Col, May 28) Young Corbett
won the decision over Kid Broad here to-
night after ten rounds of flerce fighting
The bout went the full ten rounds, and at
times Broad more than held his own. Very
few blows were landed in the first few
reunds

In the ninth round Broad had Corbett
going. landing seven blows on the cham-
prot face without anv return In the
tenth round Broad again assumed the
aggressive Corbett fought back vie iously,
but was still unsteady in his delivery

In the last moment of the round, how-
ever, he regained his strength and got to
Broad « head several times Referee Eng-
lish declared Corbett the winner

suor iN Tite STREET “RY WIFE.

at Least, Leon Galawas Thinks le

Was Watching a fire.

While watching a fire in West Forty-
third street last night Leon Gallaway,
works in a bievele shop and lives at 621
Weet Fortv-third was shot in the
hack by a woman said to be his wife She
escaped He was taken to Roosevelt: Hos-
pital and will probably die

Gallaway told the police that he sepa-
rated from his wife a month ago He had
learned, he said, that she had another hus-
hand living She had married again since

So,

street,

he left her, he said
Yesterday he got a summons for her to
appear in the Weet Fiftw-fourth street

eourt and explain her matrimonial ventures

CLEARING BALANCE.

Business Qver a Million (An Odd Incident
in Vesterdas’s Ranking.

Chatham National Bank put into
varing House vesterday checks on
unting to $661.47 11
drew ut check on iteelf amount.
to QOCL S47 OL, giving to VW A ten
eent eredit balance = Thir is the smaties
balanes that any bank has had at the
Clearing H sinee 1873, when one bank
paid the same amount in settlement of i*
exchange:

The smallest Clearing House balance on
record was a debit of one cent . reported
against a bank im 18a? The laraeet detit
balance was one of $14,587,000 last July,

Moving Day tor the Hippepet amuses

"

TEN-CENT

 

The
the Cle
other institutions ame
and
ing

i

moving day for

hippopot amuses

Verterday as epring
the Central Park and
the family of three went out to their sum
mer quarters A barricaded runway was
built between the lion house and the open-
air tanks Old Caliph ambled out first
and Was —, « ed to quarters in the further
tank Then his re Mins Murphy, and
their two-vear-old daughter, Lotus, wad-
dled out to the Learer tank without any
trouble

Churchill Ales the Poster Fund.

F Norton Goddard vesterday acknow!-
edged contributions amounting to 828 to
the fund which being rained for a memor-
ial to Mre Foster, the “Tomi Pe
The fund new amounts to $3,961 43
of the contributors yesterday was Sergt
dames Chure bill who sent $10

Morrts-Hrooks Engagement Announced.
Mr and Mrs Henry 8S Brooks of ae
Lexington avenue have announced the |
engageiner.t of their daughter Litian to |
Mr Arthur Gouverneur Morrie of New
York city

who |

fine |

 

LIPPINCOTTS

FRONTHLY) Ragazine

THE NOVEL

 

FOR JUNE

A REAL DAUGHTER

or THE

REVOLUTION

By CAROLINE CEBHARDT

THE FIRST LOVE
OF AARON BURR

By Mire. JOWN KING VAN RENSSELAER

THE NEW ATMOSPHERE

By CHARLES MORRIS

SHORT STORIES By

CAROLINE LOCKHART
PHESE LYDE

©. L. CULLEN

INA B. ROBERTS

EVERYWHERE -

ENOCH 'STRON E

recalls vividly Mrs.
Ward's ‘¢Sir George
Tressaday'’ and Charles
Reade's **Put Yourself In
His Place.*’ Itisa
strong novel, full of
surprises in plot, ex-
cellent in style and
composition and bound
to become a popular

| Success.

— The Indianapolis Sentinel.

ENOCH STRONE

stands in the highest
rank, in our judg-
ment, of the fiction
of the day.
| —The Syracuse Herald,
Beautifully printed and bound Seid everpe

where, and sent by mall, postage free oo rece!
of $1 # by 7 "

G.W. DILLINGHAM COMP'Y, NewYork

nw ” eres
matter on what. Subject write me. stat De Saohs

| Wanted. | can get you any beok ever publ
wbea In Engiand cal and inspect my stoc { fo.
Jous

 

ee

print

  

tare books HAKER'S GHEAT BOOKSHOP,
night st. Birmingham, Pngiand

KY

Tel

and other
MOORMAN, 1

crNni
beugnt
lam «t

me
ons
5131

TION ARIES
VALRAN I
lirnad

boo«s
Wile

story of Plageliation
the Golden As.
reagT

KAKP
Dianders

hoOoRS
Resana

Mou

141 @th avy

 

ART SALES (ND EXHIBITIONS

‘Bangs & Co.,

| 91 & 93 Fifth Avenue,

| WILL SELL 4T AUCTION

JUNE 2d, 3d and 4th,

| MR. FRANK HAVERTY'S

| eENTIRG COLLECTION of RARE IRISH AND

| CATHOLIC ROOKS This ts one of the LARGEST

and most \V NLL ABLE collections of these interest
ing works whch has been offered for sale m tow

| country In many years

| ee?

Dh erced.

idements of abeolute divorce were
le Frances 1 Rn th from

to Marner th A

granted vesterdes
Howard ©) Srroth
leonard - Aprdel Vipatie
thas annulled the marriage of Josey
i fine and bettie Kufine

| These

 
 

 

 

tases

 

 

——