TWO SHOT AT THE VEN D(

M-CRAZED GUEST ATTEMPTS MUR-
pER, THEN KILLS HIMSELF.

 

aU
oy'm a Fallore,”’ He Wrote to a Letter Found
After His Death--Friend Whom He Shot
LUkely to Die Woman With Whom He
Was Infatuated Had Narrowly Escaped.

a career of dissipation extending over
about eight weeks, in the course of
ja several attempts to kill himself
n with whom he was infatuated,
a Chicago railroad contractor,
yrolonged spree yesterday morn-
friend, Harold H Stridiron,
in the Hotel Vendome and
into hia own brain, causing
Two shots were fired
by Fason at Stridiron. The first bullet struck
bim in the back of the head and the second in
the left ave Neither bullet had the effect of
at once, but he is now in the New

After
a period of
which he mac
and the voma
John Feson,
finished his 1
ing by shooting his
fn the latter's room
then sending bullet
ginost instant death.

{ling him
ot Hospital with very little chanee of re-
covers

Although they searched all day for a motive
for Esson’s assault on his friend, the police
could find none They came to the conclusion
that the attempt at murder was the act of a
drink-crazed man who, bent on killing himself,
had causelessly conceived the idea of killing
pome one with him The day before, they learn-
ed, a woman whom Eason knew came near being
: 1, but his attempt to kill her was frus-
her presenee of mind. That Eseon's
yeditated was shown by a& note
The note read:

the victin
trated |

suicide was pret
@hich was found in his pocket

The better the day the better the deed. The world
and my friends will be well rid of me. Those who
pave been kind will forgive me asT hope God will
I'm a failure

This was unsigned ar d undated. ‘The phrase
he better tho day the better the deed" would
seem to show thatit had been written on
@unday and that Eason hoped to ovrry out his
plan to kill himeelf and perhaps somebody else
on that day.

Peson and Stridiron were friends in Chicago
From what wa- learned about the doings of the
two men, they appear to have been together
here pretty constantly since the Fitzsimmons-
Rublin fight which Stridiron came to see Heand
E-son had offices in the Chamber of Commerce
building in Chicago, Stridiron turned up
at the Hotel Vendome last Friday night. He
registered as being from Baltimore and was
assigned to a room on the eighth floor, On
Bunday Esson went into the hotel with him

ired the room adjoining. For some
he police haven't been able to under-
‘H. J. Ford of Boston.”
through the eventing.

and sec)
reason ¢
stand, he registered as
Both men drank heavily

eft the hotel at last, returning about v
iS yesterday morning. They obtained
their keys at the hotel office and went up in the
elevator (ogether he elevator boy had
hardly had time to make another ep before
two shots were heard and then @ third coming

rom the eighth floor, Bradley, the elevator
te at once Pought of Oe ie men he ~e

én up and he ran immediately to room 307,
fav tire ‘ball he met Stridiren with the blood
pouring from two wounds in his head.

I'm shot! Get some one!” he gasped.

Bradley could see far enough into the room,
the door of which was partly closed, to discern
the body of the other man lying on the floor,
As he looked Stridiron, who Was runaing around
in circles, cried ‘Nh get shot!"

Get away or you ‘et shot!

Rradiev cfd not stop to push the deer farther
open, but ran fo the office and told the clerk,
The latter telephoned to Police Headquarters
and then went upstairs. Stridiron was on the

oor unconscious, Behind the door Esson lay
ad. The room looked like a slaughter pen
rom the blood that had poured from the wounds
of both men. While the clerk was thinking
what to do next, Policeman Dillon appeared on
scene with the revolver Eason used.
Dillon had been peasing ‘he Forty-first street
side of the hotel and the revolver fell at his
feet, It is supposed that Esson, with his last
remaining strength, threw the weapon out,

The poiicernan sent in an hurry call for an
am ulance for Stridiron and the latter was taken
t €.e hospital, where later he regained o n-
@ci usness Coroner Zucea was called and
about 1 o'clock Stridiron was able to make an
@nie-mortem staiement of some length. He
said that he was a lumber merchant in Chicago
and that he had come here to see the Fitasim-
Ro -Rublin fight. He met Esson and
they had been together drinking a good deal.

‘Yesterday afternoon,” eaid Stridiron, “we
pe on Broadway and | got him a room at the

endome. | signed for his meals. his morn-
ing about 3 o'clock he came to my room and
wanted a drink. We went over to O'Rourke's
had something to eat. Then we got an
utomobile and went for aride out Riverside
ve from 5 to 9 o'clock. I told Esson finally

t I wanted a clean collar and he said he
Wanted one, too. After buying therm we went
to the hotel and got our beak,

handed him the key of his room and he
aid ‘I want to goto yourroom,’ I said, ‘John,
you've got a room of your own,’ Then he
sald he wanted to go to my room to lie down,

We then got into my room, and he threw
Mimself on the bed. I stood in front of the

putting on my collar, While I was stand-
there he shot me from behind. The shot
struck me in the back of the head. Before I
@uld do anything he fired another. I ran out
of the room and told some man I waa shot and
f send for a doctor, After firing two shots
at me Esson fired another, and I saw him stagger
toward the window, Het stagge back
and fell toward the door, It was then I ran
into the hall.”
Stridiron said that on Saturday afternoon
mn had told him he had attempted suicide
and had been « topped

On Saturday afternoon,” Stridiron said, “he

| Cod and

 

 

ten had left a will leaving everything to Miss
aves,
Stridiron’s condition yesterday afterneea
and last night was such that the doctors coul
not probe for the bullets. fie is sald to 4
widower with two children, both of whom live
in Chicago. T police are looking for the
jewelry which the Haves woman says Fason
took from her. She believes he pawned it,
Esson, in his short stay in New York, had be-
come well known in the hotels and cafés alon
Broadway, in many of which he was seen wit
the woman who now claims his property. When
his money began to give out he was frequently
heard to make threats about taking his life,
and a week ago he tried to shoot himself in
Corbett's, but was disarmed

CHICAGO, Ill, Aug, 27.--Horace H. Stridiron
was well known in Chicago and had a wide ac-
is

quaintance among poutieiens. Nothing
known in Chicago as to any probable cause of
shooting. According to the Superior |.umber

Company, where Bt work he
left that company about the middle of May,
partly on aceount of his political connections
and partiy on account of a difficulty over a
check

Esson left Chic
20. He had mace
reat

diron former!)

© for New York about July
is home at the Grand Pa-
cifie and the Northern hotels. He was
a contractor for railway construction work,
and had been extensively engaged in track
elevation in and about Chicago, mostly for
the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Rail way.
He was unmarried.

{BANDONED WITH

SAILS SET

Schooner McBack Glides Away, Her Crew
Having Escaped After a Collision,
Boston, Aug. 27.—-Somewhere between Cape
Portland Light a three-masted
schooner is believed to be drifting about, with
her sails set and her port side crushed in al-

| most to the water's edge, but no one to guide

SS ee

asked me to telephone to a girl on West Forty- ,

eight street, near Broadway, that he had at-
tempted to kill himself. Shortl rafter 1 had
wi pned the girl came into Kid eCoy's and

ther, While we were riding in the automo-
* this morning, he said he expected to «et
i090 to give this girl. We had a policeman
the automobile with us.” Esson, Stridiron
said, had no money or jewelry of any kind. A
week ago he had taken Fason's revolver from him
and had given it to Tom O'Rourke at the Dele-
van House
While the Coroner was taking this statement
& blonde-laired young woman was ing the
t of the hospital offlea, She told the clerk
Wanted to see Stridiron, and when
orober was through she was allowed to go
Upto him tn the ward. As soon as Stridiron
Ay ber he said
This is a fine thing John did to me.”
Then he and the woman had a few minutes’
fonversation alone. The woman on the
Proner afterward that she was a close friend
of the dead man and she wished to claim his
Y. Hername. she said, was Lillian Hayes
that she lived at 214 West Forty-elg!.th
ot A permit to take the body was giver!
tab er and she had it removed to an undert
rer *tobe prepared for shipment to Chi
A Pee in searching Exson's clothes hac
Rn in the pockets only 18 cents. The
of — woman, however, told Manager 0' Rourke
@ Delevan House that Eeson'a life was
ated in her name for $15,000 and that he hed

I want my pin.’ He and she went out to- ;

the |

her to port. Half a dozen tugs are hurrying
in search of the craft in hopes of reaping sal-
vage money, for with the sea as calm as it has
been for the last few days there is little like-
lihood of her sinking. This schooner is the
Hattie G. MeBuck, Capt, Flumes, bound from
New York to Bangor, with a cargo of cement.
During a dense fog on Friday night. the McBuck
was run down. when thirty-five miles off
Thatcher's Island by the three-masted schooner
City of Augusta, from Bath, for Philadelphia,
with a cargo of ice. The City_of. Augusta
loomed up in the fo@ and before the helm conld
be shifted on either craft the bow of the ice
schooner crashed into the port side of the
McBuck.

No sooner had the vessels swung alongside
of each other than the captain and all but one
of the crew of the McBuck ecrambled aboard
the City of Augusta and were brought into
this port to-day. The lone tar on the McBuck
was Jacob Brewer. The vessels then drifted
apart and the sails of the McBuck filling, drove
her away in the darkness and foe. The City
of Augusta gave chase to save Brewer if possible,
but owing to her port bow being stove in, she

ad 9 tack ship In order to prevent sinking
reelf.

Sailor Brewer was brought into Gloucester
to-day by a fishi schooner, which picked
him up in an open boat forty miles eastward
rom Thatcher's Island on Saturday mornin

rewer says that as soon as the two Vessels
drifted apart he made for the small boat hang-
ing at the davite and, as hecould get no answer
to his calls, decided that the other members of
the crew had gotten aboard the City of Augusta

n safety. He cut away the falls, and although
e heard shouts in the distance, he could not
make for them, being without oars, He says

the McBuck was afloat when he left her, but
thinks that she will go to the bottom before
any tug can reach) her. The captain of the
achooner chartered a tug here this afternoon
and hopes to find his vessel and tow her into
port.

THE FRONT SRAT, OR NONE!

Two Women ‘‘Hold Up’' a Trolley Road for
Four Hours and Defy the Police.

Mownt Veanon, N. Y.. Aug. 27.—-Two women,
who said they were Mrs. Thomas Milligan and
Mrs, William MeCann of New York city caused
a blockade on the Huckleberry trolley road
last night. They got into the front seat of a
ear bound for New York and refused to vacate
it when asked to do so by the motorman. It
is against the rules of the company to carry
passengers upon the front seat of the cars, so
the motorman and conductor refused to go
ahead. Starter McKay tried to persuade the
women to take another seat, but hia efforta
were fruitless. Then four policemen were

upon to eject them. Mra. Milligan and
Mrs. MoCann arose and dared the police to put
them off. The cops communicated with Chiet
of Police Foley, and he visited the scene of the
disturbance

“We've paid our fare, and we refuse to ride
on any other car,” said one of the women to
him, and he did not attempt to disturb them.
For nearly four hours the women held out,
the whole system was tied up and thousands
of fatigued excursionista from New York city
were delayed. Finally Starter McKay tele-

honed to Supt. Corrigan for instructions.

Bre superintendent did not want to take the
chances in ejecting the women after they had
vaid their fares and told the starter to side
rack the car, leaving the women on it. The
motorman then placed the car on the side
track on First street between Fourth and Fifth
avenues, turned out the lights, ut
on the brakes and went home. he
women remained seated on the car talking
to the crowd of pedestrians which had gath-
ores about them.

“You can't jolly me," said one of the women.

My husband is an officer in the Sixty-ninth
Regiment 7
Ve come of good old Sootch stock,” said

the other, “the people who don't believe in
giving in when they are right.”

Mrs. Milligan and Mrs. McCann had been up
to Glen Island and were on their way home
when ney aot into their wrangle s time
wore on they became tired, and at half past 1
o'clock _ they Jumped of the car As they
boarded another Harlem car the crowd gave
them three cheers.

GOT INTO THE WRONG HOUSE.

A Philadelphia Physician Taken for a Burglar
at Atlantic City.

ATLANTIC City, N.J., Aug. 27.-—Dr. E. 8. Smith
of Philadelphia came home very early this
morning and through an unfortunate error
tried his night key in the door of a neighbor's
cottage, that of Dr. Adler, also of Philadel-

phia. Both physicians live in cottages built
identically alike on South Vermont avenue.
Not  beir able to open the door, he
step ajon e pore to a window,
ore he Sorced. A oolored servant
in the basement heard the noise,
‘erept up. the steps and entered the

| Bhe

. captured phi aician,

ft other property to her. On M " ;
operty to he r. O'Rourke's
| herd she called up Lawyer Emanuel
itera” engaved him to take care of her
told sta. Later in the afternoon the woman
se '@ police that she had knowg Esson for
CH Years. She met him when sne lived in
ange she said anon was a railroad and
Priage contra: (or and had bachelor apartments
, M@ Pullman HKuilding Every five or six
. yo Raid he would go on a prolonged
the; ut the spree he bad just finished was
- ngest «he had ever heard of his having
1 nee ne was a years old,
here in June,” said the woman, “and
Mr. Esson came here about July 2, He began |
hin - 4! once and sometimes 1 wouldn't see
fin on is week or more, Last Sunday | met
[. roadway and he was drunk. We went

iy apartments where he lay down on the
ung ‘ ne asked me to marry him, but I re-
cola en he told me to take shoes
wes ern oh me and Miguell kip
; ) e aod himself. a
the pistol out of his hand and ran out of the
en he went out. When 1 went back
omer | found he had taken $1,000 worth
tas 7 Tilt. Bioce t ot have spoea
ee x, r. Stridi
did not know well,as 1 was only introduced to
’

Deer arent “«

‘cording to the ,

" . \@ Hayes woman, oh

0,000 Searone, to him irom & ee eet
. ‘ontract he had jnst compl.

or the city of (Chicago. These, she sa ats

a fe ened to her in a will which he made

weeks ago. Besides the life insurance.
hy ‘er which she held, she said she had

of having two other polici
wo icles.
va an Bpent most of the afternoonat the

an House in consul i
‘tation with heriawver
a friends. She Seemed to take the

nor
er friend coolly, After consultation
en r. Friend told reporters that
fargo or rther informa-

cago
Property. He added that Fs-

nner cree EET

or as Dr. Smith stepped into the room.
atabbed the intruder and the next moment
the neighborhood was distur’ by cries of

“fire,” “burglars” and “murder.” Capt A
Parker, keeper of the Government Life Sav-
ing station, which is nearly opposite, with
ost of his crew, came to the rescue. Capt
arker had a seven-shooter, which
repeatedly fired. Then came three Po}ice-
men te was sensible on the part of the

Dr, Smith. that he re-

alned quiet and let the domestic summon
yelp. The servant refused to. believe that
she had any thing less than a thief under guard.
When the light was turned on the gathered
company of very scared persons there w
an explanation which ended with Dr, Smit
reaching hia home without further mishap
and thankful that nothing more serious had
happened

SHOT HER THROUGH JEALOUSY.

 

Frenk M. Craig W de Mrs, Collinsand Then
Kills Himeetf.

Boston, Aug. 27.--Frank M. Craig of Chelsea,
formerly a mechanic on the Boston and Maine
Railroad, this forenoon attempted to kill Mrs.
Lizzie Collins, with whom he had been living
up to within a few weeks, and then shot him-
self through the head and died instantly. It
is bellevei that the woman will recover. The
cause of the affair was jealousy. For some
time Craig lived on Division street, Chelsea,
with Mrs. Collins, who was known as his wife.
About two weeks ago they had 4 quarrel and
separated, the woman golng to live with her

tepfather at 173 VWidaieicamet street. On
Bunday Craig came to o er at this place,
and made a request that she return to live with
him. She refnsei. This morning he again
visited the hcu'e. The woman was still firm
in her refusal, und he left the house and walkea
to a hardware store, where he bought a cheap
istol and cartric ges, and then returned to the
Bouse where the Collins woman was staying. ‘

s second call there was a short talk be-
vot Then he whippel

 

tween the man and woman.

out the pistol and fire; at her head. She
droppe! where she hai been stan ing. ani
then he turne: the weapon against his own

head and fire, killing himself.

 

Stop Over at Niagara Falls

nd breathe some of its ozone and get a new lease of
fireby taking the New York Central the next ime

you go West. —Adce.

 

| wrong
} elected or defeated it will end his political

|

a cen climes iim eset eimai sea etacaa aaa cmmacas amass

|

STEVENSON ON THE TICKET,

POPULIST NATIONAL COMMITTEE AC-
CEPTS HIM AS BRYAN'S MATE,

Test Vote Was 24 Against and 72 in Favor
—Three Votes Agatast Finally - Senator
But'er'’s Opposftion. The Middle-of the-
Road Populists Fear ‘Imperialism’ at Home

Cricaao, Aug. 27.-The Populist Fxecu-
tive Committee nominated Adlai FE. Stevenson
for Vice-President to fill the vacancy caused
by the refusal of Charles A. Towne of Minnesota
to accept the nomination tendered him by the
National Convention held at Sioux City, Ia,,
on June 9 last. The committee met in secret
feasion at 266 Lasalle street at 2 o'clock this
afternoon and the decision to nominate Steven-
son was not reached until ® o'clock to-night. Al!
newspaper men were barred from the meeting
and those who attended refused to discuss the
proceedings. It is learned that J. B. Weaver of
lowa moved that the committee nominate Mr.
Stevenson as the candidate of the National Pop-
ulist party for Vice-President, A substitute
was immediately offered that a member of the
National Populist party be nominated, After
nearly six hours of debate the substitute was
lost--24 yeas, 71 nays.

Mr. Weaver's vote was then put and carried
with but three dissenting votes. Senator Pet-
tigrew moved to make the nomination unani-
mous, but Senator Butler, who was in the chair
refused to entertain the motion on the groun
that it was unnecessary, The committee then
adjourned,

Before the committee went into session Sena-
tor Butier saic

It would be well if Bryan_could be delivered
from some of his friends. The nomination of
diai Ntevenson for Vice-President by the
opulists would endanger the chances of Bryan's
election, and it ls because I am working to secure
his election that | am opposed to naming Mr.
Stevenson. The best wuy for the Populists
to help elest Bryan {4 to name a Populist for
secon place Those of Mr, Bryan's
friends who are advising him to the contrary
are harming hia cause and may compasa his
defeat by their advios.”

The young North Carolina Senator who
focentty went down to defeat with the Repub-
licans in hie own State declared that various
rumors concerning his desertion of the cause of
Bryan because of that defeat were so baseless
that he could not dignify thern by a denial

“There is not the alightest doubt as to where
Lam in this campaign,” he said.

Chairmand. A. Parker of the “Middle-of-the-
Road" National Committee announced to-day
that his gathering would probably spend this
eveitng and to-morrow discussing tailed
plans for the campaign ‘

“We do not care whether Bryan or McKinley
is elected,” he declared Our purpose is to
poll as large an independent Populist vote
as possible, with the hope that our party will
be the party of the future. The ‘imperialism
at home is far more objectionable to ua than
the ‘imperialism’ in the Philippines, By the
imperialism at home I mean the disfranchise-
ment of citlzens throughout the South, both
by law and by force [t is that which assails
our institutions with more deadly peril than
practices abroad. Whether Bryan is

career

‘Tf he is defeated the plutocratioc wing of his
party will reclairn it and the radicals will give
our people four vears of misery compared |
with which the panic years of Cleveland's Ad- |
ministration will be as prosperity The
movey power ca do that in spite of any thing
Bryan can do to stop it. Thal surely will ki
Bria) off, politically, and the people will ap-
reciate the necessity of more radical measures

han Bryan propeses.

WERE NEARLY DYING OF THIRST.

Three Wheelmen Rescaed From the Talarosa
Desert North of El Paso, Tex.
FE. Paso, Tex, Aug. 27.—A messenger arrived
here last night bringing the news that three
Fl Paso wheelmen had been found almost
of thirst on the Tularosa Desert,
The party
and two

|
perished
seventy miles north of El Paso.
were Prof. H. R. Cook of this city
others whose names have not yet been learned.
They had been outing {n the Sacramento Moun-
tafns and on their return took the overland
route from Alamogordo, New Mexico, a distance
of over one hundred miles from El Paso. Sev-
enty miles of the route is ai desert;
of sand and when they had gone about thirty |
miles their bicycles punctured and they were
forced to walk. One of them succeeded in
reaching the Coe ranch late the next day, but
was too much exhausted and thirsty to even
apeak. After several hours’ treatment he told
of his companions. Two men with bottles
of water went in search of them. One
waa found fifteen miles back, exhausted and
insensible. The other, Prof. Cook, was found
ten miles further, also unconscious, They
were revived somewhat with water and taken
to the ranch, where they are now in a critical
condition. The Coe ranch {a the only water-
ing place on the Tularosa Plaios for @ distance
of eighty miles.

TO REBUILD THE MACHIAS.

Admiral Sampson Gets Orders to Proceed
With the Work at Once.

Boston, Aug. 27.—Rear Admiral Sampson,
Commandant of the navy yard, has received
orders from Washington authorizing the re-
building of the gunboat Machias, which ts now
out of commission at the yard, and directing
that the work be rushed as much as possibile
under normal conditions. The total cost of
doing the work is roughly placed at from $60,-
000 to $75,000 and will require fully four months
with a lar@e force, The Machias has been in
commiasion nearly eight vears and during
that time has been repairad only temporarily,
Theship has proved her valueas a light-draugh
gunboat to police Central American waters
and the Navy Department intends to have her
put in fine condition to continue this work,
will be thoroughy overhauled
the machinery repaired and the electric light
and boiler plants modernized One of the
most notable changes to be made is the sub-
stitution of fireproof wood for the present in-
flammable wood finish and ned
game thing is being done to the wy
is along the most approved lines of construc-
tion in the navy. complete new set of boats
will be furnished to the Machias and
she goes into commission again she will
practically a new ship.

The hin
ngs. This
mpia and

hen
be

 

SHUT IN; NOSE CUT OFF.

Night Watchman Nearly Bled to Death Before
He Was Released.

George A. Gifford, 78 years old, of 612 Fast
léist etreet, left his keys at home last night
when he went to work for the night as watch-
man in Rogers Bros,, clothing store at 149d
Mr. Rogers locked
At 10 o'clock
Gifford, while on the second floor, dislodged an

fore which as it fell hit him on the
ng half of it off,
down stairs to the door and found
that he couldn't getout. He tried the telenhone
and couldn't makeCentral know what he wanted.
Then he went to the Segond floor and began to
shout “murder!” out of the window. Police-
man Blooe of the Alexander avenue station
came up on a run and Gifford told him what the
poute was. Blooe sent in a call to Harlem
ospital for an ambulance and then got Fire-
eintz of Truck 17 in 143d street
to bring a ladder around to the building.

The watchman was so weak from ipea f blood
that he could not wake down the add:
the fireman and the policeman too

e was taken to Harlem Hospital.
said there that his condition was.serious.

street and Third avenue.
him in the store and went home

are light
ran

man Henry

1
was

 

LIPE LINE BROKE.

New York Man Has a Narrow Escape From
Death tn the Sarf.

ATLANTIC Crty, N. J., Aug. 27.—Life Guards
Parker and Neill rescued George Rogera of
New York to-day. Rogers became exhausted
while quite a distance from shore and called for

assistance. The life guards rushed out with
the buoy and rope, and while pulling him ashore
the rope parted. Rogers drifted toward the
steel pier in a strong current Dut was haule: .

| away in time to save him from being britered |

against the piling.

 

Golf.

Manchester, Vermont—2 open tournaments Sgpt 8
to 8 S cups. Write Equinox House —A dr.

AUGUST 28, 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900,

Mt

mur

ee)
eT

 

TRAIN ROBBERS VICTIM RECOVERS,

Rank Cashier Balch Tells How He Was
Beaten in His Berth.

Omana, Neb., Aug. 27.-Fdward E. Balch, the
Omaha bank cashier who was robbed and
clubbed by train robbers at the time of the
Northwestern hold-up last week, regained
consciousness for the first time to-day and told
a thrilling story of the affair. Balch's state-
ment indicates that at least two bandits were in
the car, if not more, in spite of the statement of
the trainmen that the sleeper was locked and
no one had entered it during the early morning
hours.

Balch says he was awakened by one bandit
and ordered to surrender his money He
grabbed at the man, who clutched him by the
throat, and they were struggling in the berth
when another bandit came forward and began
to beat him over the head with a pistol, This
was the last he remembered. In his opinion
the robbery was the work of two men who en-
tered the sleeper from the day coach

The police have been much puzzled over the
affair, because they have found no one who
eaw a single suspicious person in the car, and
no one heard the struggle. It is supposed the
robbers boarded the train in Chicago, having
seen Balch around the First National Bank,
and thinking his valise contained a larwe sum
of money. The bank officials charge that the
bandits secured a very large sum.

THE ADMIRALS AT BAR HARBOR,

Extensive Preparations to Entertain the Amert-
can and English Naval Officers.

Aug. 27.—The coming
visit of the British and American warehipe
is arousing much interest here. The following
programme has been arranged: On Tuesday,
Sept, 4, there will be an exchange of official
visits between the Admirals and shore author-
ities, followed by a luncheon for the Admirals
given by Mr. and Mrs Henry Redmond at
their Cottage-in-the-Field| In the afternoon
a public reception will be given to the offi-
cers and Admirals of the fleets at

the St. Sauveur, under the auspices of the
Board of Trade. On the evening of Sept. 4
Admiral Farquhar will give a dinner to Vice-
Admiral Bedford and the captains of both
sqiiadronson boardthe New York. On Wednes-
day, Sept. 5, a reception from 8 to 6 will be
given on board the New York. In the evening
a private ball will be given atKebo Dinners
on Wednesday evening will be given by the

Barn Harpor, Me,

following persons: Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery
Sears, E. Curley, Mra. Alexander Van Nest,
Mr. and Mrs, Frank Ellie, Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Emory, Dr and Mrs. Abbe, Mr,
and Mrs. A c Barney, Dr. and
Mrs. W. WW. Seely, Mr. and Mrs. T. G. Condon,

Miss FPurciss and Mr. and Mrs. Edward Coles,
On Thursday, Sept. 6 the Admirals will take
luncheon with Mr. Johnston Livingston. and
in the afternoon they will be entertained ata
arden party by Mr. and Mrs. John 8S. Kennedy,
i the evening Mr, and Mrs. De Grass Fox will
ive a dinner and dance at the Malvern. On
‘ridav. Sept. 7. a dinner to Admiral Farquhar
and the Captains of both fleets will be given
by Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carroll Jackson.
Vice-Adimiral Bedford will be away on Thurse
day and Friday as he goes to Boston with Lady
Bedford, who will sail for Engiand on Saturday,
Sept 8. Vice-Admiral Bedford will make the
trip in the private car of President Tuttle of the
Boston and Maine. The car has been placed at
his disposal by President Tuttle. On Saturday,
Sept. §, the officers will attend a reception at the
Pot and Kettle Club. On Monday, Sept. 10, Ad-
miral Redford will give a formal dinner aboard
the Crescent

CONTESSED TO A MURDER.

Thomlinson T: ld of Killing Famer Lentz, and
His Partner Gaines Then Owned Up.
New ALpawy, Ind., Ang. 27.—Tn the presence
of Deputy Superintendent Alry of the Indiana
Reformatory and Deputy Sheriff Mack Stone
of Lawrence county Oliver Thomlinson, who
is confined in the Indiana Reformatory at
Jeffersonville, charged with Charles Gaines
with the murder of Frank Lentz, a wealthy
young farmer, near Bedford, Lawrence county,
Ind., on July 5, has confessed to the crime.
Thomlinson was brought to the reformatory
for safe keeping. Gaines was out under a
$10,000 bond, but when Thomlinson last night
intimated that he would confess Gaines was
re-arrested and brought to the prison. Gaines

was escorted into his cell, The prisoners
barely nodded, Gaines took a seat on Thom-
een © couch, He was asked if he knew Thom-
inson, lis aneawer was “yes.” Neither man
looked at the other

Deputy Sheriff Stone requested Thomlinson
to make his statement. He sald:

“lam 28 years old. This strain is too much.
As true as there is a God In heaven, I_ want to
tellallI know. ITamaruined man. This will
make my burden lighter and I must confess
Deters you men and my Maker that myself
and Gaines murdered Frank Lentz.”

Proceeding. he said that on the night of July
5 they started out to rob Tyre’s apple brandy
still, and went fo Lentz's place to steal his horse
and buggy. Just as they were driving out
of the atable Lentz came ue onabicycle. Ther
ordered him to stop, but he did not listen and

ttacked them. Thomlinson shot Lentz, tut
e grappled with him and was about to over-
come him when velnee ran up and, seizing |
the farmer by the halr, deliberately cut his
throat.

Gaines at first denied his guilt, but finally
broke down and confessed. The Lawrence
Circult Court meets Monday, but the men will
not be xafe unleas protected by troops if taken
there for trial.

QUEER CASE AT HEADQUARTERS,

 

Boy Brutally Beaten by a Man In Malberry
Street and No Arrest Made.

An overgrown, red-cheeked boy and a man

turned the corner from Bleecker street into
Mulberry last night and hurried to the entrance
of Police Headquarters.

“Wait here,” said the man to the boy, “until

I come out.”

The man had barely disappeared into the
building when a stockily built man came
around the corner on the run. He ran up to
the boy and gave him a wallop with his fist

The boy yelled and his hat flew of.
“You will get away from me, will you?” said
the stockily built man. “Well, I'll show you.”
With that he landed another stiff blow _on
the boy's head, causing fresh outcries. The
boy begged for his hat, but the man struck
nm a third time when he stooped over to get
t. Then the boy started up the steps to Police
Headquarters, and for the fourth time the min
hit him in the head, Just as they were passing
through the door the man hit him agelp The
pe had never made a move tn self-defence,

at had kept “ep a howl for mercy.
The rumpus brought the man who had ao-
companied the boy to headquarters out of the
uilding, and he walke1 away rapicly. Ita
>To! nt ont the newspaper reporters from the

ulloings opposite, a number of persons
the St. Barnabas Home and Roundsman Rehan,
Policaman Dougherty, elevator man Lyons

and several operators and detectives. The
newspaper men rushe@ | across the street to see
what the row was about.

Reret. Carey blandly told them that
had been no row and no arrest. All o
policemen who had witnessed the row
claimed Knowledge of it. There was no pris-
oner in the cells, the Detective Bureau or the
operators’ room. The boy and his assailant
must have n taken out of the Mott street
entrance of the building. The only persons
who have keys to this door are the Central Office
detectives and the personal staff of the chief.

here
the
dis-

Lightaing Victim's Body Identified,

The body of the boy who was struck by the
same bolt of lightning which killed twelve-
year-old Joseph Schoening in the Union Hill
Schueteen Park on Sunday, was identified at
Hoffmann's morgue, Hoboken, yesterday
that of Jacob Ruch, Jr., 16 years old, son
Jacob Ruch of 2008 Arthur avenue, this city.

of

Secret Service Agent Lands In a Cell,

John T. Foleom of 58 Lexington avenue was
locked up last night in the East Sixty-seventh
street police station charged with drawing a

revolver in asaloon at S*venty-third street and
Becond avenue. Papers were found in his

ockeis showing that he had been a Secret
Berviee agentunder Chief Hazen

Uialtimore’s Population 608,057.
Wasminaton, Aug. 27.—The population of

Balt'‘more according to the census is 508,957, |
against 434,439 in 1890, & eain of 74,618, of 17.16

Per cent. The increase from 1880 to 1890 was
02,126, or 80.78 per cent.

 

FIGHTING ALONG THE LINE,

BMALL ENGAGEMENTS WITH CHINESE
BETWEEN PRRIN AND TIENTSIN.

 

 

Alites Take Many Prisoners-Japanese En.
gineers Arrive at Taka to Repair the Rail-
way~Former Generalissimo Yang Lu Now
Said to Be Responsible for the Outbreak.

Specia! Cadle Despatches (o THE SUN.

Rome, Aug. 27.—Admiral Candian|, com-
manding the Italian squadron at Taku, sends
this report:

“According to news from the Italian Minister
the Pekin situation is changed. Small engage-
menta between Pekin and Tientsin are re-
ported, all resulting in tie defeat of the
Chinese. Numerous prisoners are being
brought to Tientsin. A commissariat service
has been established to supply the allies at
Pekin. A detachment of Japanese engineers
have Janded at Taku. They will repair the

railway.”

Lonpon, Aug. 28.—A despatch to the
Standard from Shanghai says that written
evidence is coming to hand that Gen,
Yung Lu was the rea) author of the re-
cent anti-foreign outbreak in Pekin and
Tientsin, while Prines Tuan, Kang Yi,

President of the Board of War, Li Ping Heng.
Generalis:imo, and the Empress Dowager were
all persuaded by him to adopt an extreme at-
titude. Having attained his end he stood aside
and awaited developments Gen. Yung Iu,
who is the Empress's factotum, was formerly
Generalissimo of the army.

The Daily Mail’a Hong Kong correspondent
aays that the refugee American missionaries
there are anxious to return to the interior, The
American Consul, however, has forbidden them
to go, and advises (hat they go to the United
Statea or the Philippines

Brvssera, Aug. 27.—A despatch from Shang-
hai of last Tuesday's date states that the
Japanese cavairy which was despatched to
Mansan reports that the Imperial family, which
left Pekin Aug. 14, Set out for the westward
after a short rest at the village of Mansan.
They were escorted by Gen. Ma and 600 horse-
men, Their train cowprised twenty wagons.

 

 

FRENCH TROOPS.

Gen. Frey Sends Details of the Capture of
Pekin.
Speciat Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,

Paris, Aug. 27.~M. Luoessun, Minister of
Marine, has received through Admiral Courre-
jJolles the followirg undated telegram from
Gen. Frey, commander of the French contin-
@entin China

After protracted cannonude the allies en-
tered Pekin on the night of Aug. 14, andon Aug
15 the legations were saved, The morale of
the French leguation was perfect.”

The despatch adds that on Aug 16 Gen,
Frey, under whose orders the Russians are
operating, seized the Chouenteche Men «Shun-
chi gate?), which the Manchus defended with
a considerable force and twenty cannon,

Gen. Frey, the despatch states, subsequently
wentto the Tsihua gate, which his force captured
after prolonged resistance, The Japanese but-
tulion assisted in the capture.

Gen. Frey then proceeded to Peitang, where
he relieved Bishop Favier, Apostolic Vicar of
Pekin, and the other besieged Europeans.

The whole town comprised between the Mar+
ble gate at Peitang andthe Imperial palace was
covered with Chinese troops, who had raised
intrenchments. Throughout the day M. Pichon
and his suite marched alongside Gen. Frey.
The column, after a severe engagement, finally
occupled Coal Hill.

Major Feldman was slightly and Capt. Marty
severely wounded, One sergeant and three
privates were killed and three privateswounded.
The Russians and the Japanese also lost several
killed and wounded,

The French troops will coéperate in clearing
the Tartar and the Chinese cities of regular
Chinese troops and Boxers, who continue to
occupy numerous points,

The Imperial palace was captured on Aug.
16. Capt. Labrousse was killed during the
defence of the legations on Aug. 14.

WORK OF THE

 

ARETHUSA SAILS FOR CHINA,

She Is the Water-Distilling Ship-—Will Carry
Out a Load of Ammanition.

PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 27.The United States
water-distilling ship Arethusa sailed at 5 o'clock
this afternoon for China, She will lie at the
Breikwater over night. She will carry tn
addition to ordnance and stores 290 tons of
ammunition, Capt. Seccomb of the Navy will
have charge of the Arethusea, but her crew of
forty-five men is made up of sailors from mer-
chant vessels. The voyage to the East will be
made by way of the Suez Canal, and it is ex-
pected she will reach China about Oct.18. From
there the stores and ammunition will be dis-
tributed to the vessels composing the Asiatio
fleet.

The colliers Pompey and Leonidas are being
refitted at League Island for service in China.
They will carry coal, and according to a state-
ment made this afternoon by Capt. Potter,
acting Commandant, will sail about the middle
of September.

REPORT OF

Praises the Bravery of All the Defenders of the
Legations.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Sr Perenssvno, Aug 27.—The OMeial
Measenger publishes the following despatch
from M. de Giers, Russian Minister to China,
dated Chefoo, Aug. 16

“The allies took Pekin after fighting. Before
their arrival the attacks on the legations were
renewed. | consider it my duty to bear wit-
ness to the exemplary bravery of all the de-
fenders of the Imperial legation, who had
been fighting daily for the past two months.

“The Court has fled from Pekin. Who of
the Ministers remain in the city is still un-
known.”

THE RUSSIAN MINISTER.

 

COREAN REVOLT NOT ANTI-FOREIGN.

Government te Send a Force to the Northern
Frontier.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
YoRouaMa, Aug. 27.—The Corean Minister
of Foreign Affairs has informed the Japanese
representative at Seoul that, in accordance
with Japan's suggestion, Corea will send a
force to preserve order on the northern frontier.
The Minister has assured Japan that the fron-
tier trouble is local in its nature, and that there
is no antipathy to foreigners.

 

TO LEAVE PERKIN FOR TIENTSIN.

Women and Children Will Be Sent Out Under
Military Protection.
Special Cable Despaich to THE BUN.

Rome, Aug 27.--According to a telegram
from Taku, dated Aug. 26, a force is being
organized in Pekin for the purpose of escort-
ing the wounded and the women and children
to Tientsin.

The family of the Italian Minister wil) travel
with this convoy, and will go to Japan.

 

HOLDING OUT NEAR HANKOW.

 

Party of Engtneers and Missionaries Hesieged
by the Chinese.
Special Catie Despatch to THR SUN
Paris, Aug. 27. The French Consul at Shang-
hai cables that the engineers and missionaries
besieged at the Chanting terminus of the Franco-
Belgian Railway, north of Hankow, are siill
holding out, although their situation i critical.

 

BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

iss flere Ss sss srr SSS lS sss shi

| seemed to be getting better.

| so notified her family.

|

 

 

BABIES IN DANGER FROM EAGLES.

Farmers About Pond Eddy, N. ¥., Alarmed by
the Raids of Two Big Birds,

Port Jervis, Aug. 19. For the firat time In
many years two eagles made their appearance
in the neighborhood of Pond Eddy, Sullivan
county, N. ¥., two weeks ago, They have
been seen since on several occasions, but It
was not till lately thatany trouble was expected
from the big birds. Abouta week ago John
VanTuy!, afarmer living a short distance from
Pond Eddy, had two young lambs carried away
by the eagles, and since then his hired man
Peter Smith, lost a valuable hound pup in the
same manner. Other farmers complain of
losing young lambs, and parents have become
alarmed, fearing their babies left playing in
the dooryard may become the prey of the birds.
The result is the young children are not al-
lowed out of doors unless accompanied by a
member of the family. Several attempts have
been made to shoot the eagles, and an organ-
ized effort will be made among the hunters 0
the neighborhood for this purpose.

DENVER COMPLAINS OF THE CENSUS,

 

Figures Show an Increase of Only 7,000 in
Ten Years.

Denver, Col., Aug. 27, According to census
returns the increase in Denver's population
since 1800 is 27,000. In that time suburbs witha
population of 20,000 have been annexed, so that
according to the census the actual! gain in ten
years has been only 7,000.

The figures are absurdly incorrect. Probably
7,000 houses have been built in Denver since
1890, and every one of ther is occupied, Based
on the school census at a ratio of five to one, the
population of Denver is 170,000. The eatli-
mate made by the directory publishers is
175,000. Since 1890, the achool population of
Denver has increased 48.3 per cent. The Fed-
era] census shows a gain of only 25.44 per cent.

The Board of Public Works has been inves-
tigating the work of the census takers and has
already found direct evidence that thousands
were omitted from the rolls,

WOODRUFF, TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN

And Senator Stranaban Will Preside Perma-
nently at the Convention.

It was decided yesterday that the Hon. Tim-
othy L. Woodruff, Lieutenant-Governor of the
Btate, is to be temporary chairman of the Re-
publican State Convention, which is to have Ita
first session in Saratoga on Sept. 4 It was
also decided to name the Hon. Nevada N.Stran-
ahan, Senator for the Oswego district, pernia-
nent chairman of the convention, It was made
known that both Lieut-Gov. Woedruff and
Senator Stranahan are to make the speeches
of their lives. They have been named thus
early for the purpose of giving them time to
prepare their speeches, and it was added that
these speeches, together with the platform to
be adopted by the convention, will be accepted
during the campaign as the doctrine to be ad-
vanced by the Republicans of the Empire State
this fall.

FORTUNE BURIED IN A TIN BOX.

 

675,000 Worth of Bonds Dug Up in Williams-
bridge and Secking an Owner.

Richard T. Wallace, a real estate agent who
has an office on Olin avenue, Williamsbridge,
found an old tin box about # month ago behind
his office. Some excavating had been done
there to move the building back for the purpose
of widening the street to make room for a
trolley road.

The box was battered and showed that it
had been in the earth for a long period. * He
put it away in his safe and tried to find its owner,
but was unsuccessful. He examined its con-
tents the other day and found a batch of United
States Government bonds which are said to
be worth $75,000. There were also several
Commodore's buttons of the New York Yacht
Club and a number of documents dated 1859.
Mr. Wallace expects to find the owner of the
property.

GAVE SKIN FOR SISTERS WOUNDS.

 

“Take It Outer Me, Doc,'' Said Young Joe
Kessler, ‘‘h'm Strong’’~Both Doing Weil.

Ten-year-old Olive Kessler was badly burned
on the thigh and right side at her home, 71
Eldridge street, a month ago. She was taken
to Gouverneur Hospital and for a time she
Last Saturday,
however, the doctors decided that it would be
necessary |o graft skin upon her wounds, and

Ther announced at the
same time that as the girl was too weak to
furnieh the cuticle herself, some one else would
have tomake thesacrifice, Alice's fifteen-year-
old brother Joe, who is a messenger, was
present when the announcement was made

“Say, Doc," he raid, “if yer want ski fur sis,
take it outer me. I'm strong."'

The doctors accepted Joe's offer and now both

children are patients in the hospital. They are
doing well. i
STOLEN PAPERS DUG UP.

They Were Taken From the Vaults of New
Hampshire's State Treasury.

Coxcorp, N. H., Aug. 27.--State Treasurer
Solon A. Carter was informed by letter this
morning that on Friday aman whowas at work
in the town of Bow, about four miles from Con-
cord, dug up a tin box containing some of the
valuable papers which were stolen from the
vaults of the State Treasury on June 3, 1895.
The description of the papers which Co. Car-
ter's correspondent gives is very meagre, but
two of the poumnent re are named 4s being
in the box were lodged in arate boxes in the
State Treasury, indicating that whoever buried
the box in Bow must have sorted over the pro-
coeds of the theft before hiding them. Neither of
these papers was pegotiable, Col. Carter iS
once @ steps fo come into possession of the
articles already | found.

 

HORSE TROD ON A SLEEPING MAN.

"Twas an Unbridled Ranaway Galloping
Across Madison Square Park.

An unbridled horse ran out of Fiss, Doerr
& Carroll's sales stables at 147 East Twenty-
fourth street yesterday, and cantered west
toward Madison Square. He ran int the park
and across the lawns, scattering people right

and left. Near the fountain in the centre of
the park Frederick Smith, a plasterer, of 2582
Broadway, sat on a bench asleep. The run-
way stepped on his right footand then bumped
nto a tree, Several stablemen arrived oe
soon captured him. Smith was taken to the
‘ew York Boapitel in an ambulance and his
oot was dress d. Then he went home.

Alleged Women's Poolroom Raided.
James Murray of 242 Prospect avenue, Brook-
lyn, and Gerard De Negros of 627 Fourth ave-
nue were arrested in Brooklyn yesterday by
Capt. Reynolds and his detectives charged with
a anu Fuh a poolroom in the rear of a saloon
1

 

1 606 Fifth avenue. The police say they have
n watching the place for about two weeks
and that it was a resort for women who went
there 16 bet on the races. There were no
women in the place when it was raided.

OREGON'S INJURIES ALL REPAIRED.

The Baiticship WiK Be Ready to Resume Sea
Service in a Week.

Wasuinaton, Aug 27.—The Navy Depart-
ment announced to-day that the Oregon has

been released from dock and wil] be ready for
sea ina week. All her injuries caused by her
accident inrunning on a rock have been re-
paired. and she will soon be in active service
again

Mrs. Huntington Returns to Raquette Lake.

BaRaTOGA, Aug, 27. -Mrs. Huntington, widow
of Collis P. Huntington, accompanied by her
nephew and stepson, through Saratoga

evening on her uplingtoa
Adirondhok Looe ray -

7

>},
am a

Generally fair,

———— ae

“PRICE TWO CENTS.
ALLIES CAN HOLD PEKIN,

 

NO FRAR IN WASHINGTON OF A CHI+
NESE ATTACK ON THE CITY,

Two Thousand Germans Reach Pekin— Work
for the International Force—No More
American Treops for China Now — Gen,
Chaffee Reports the Sixth Cavairy's Fight.

Wasninoton, Aug. 27.-The War Depart-
ment is without information indicating a change
in the military situation in China. One de-
Spatoh was received to-day from Gen. Chaffee,
but it did not relate in any way to the condi-
tions at Pekin. The information from Minister
Conger that 2,000 Germans had reached the
capital relieved the minds of those who were
uneasy over the reports that a Chinese army
was marching north to recapture the city.
Many officers here are of the opinion that the
allies would be able to hold out indefinitely
against any assault on the city and predict
heavy losses to the Chinese should they attempt
to reoapture Pekin,

From press reporta and other sources of
information oMfcials here believe that unless
the Chinese should make an attack the Inter-
national troops will have little to do in the way
of fighting for several days at least, It appears
that order has practically been restored at
Pekin and that everything possible is being
done for the rescued lewationers, It {9 necas-
sary, however, to maintain a force of some
tive in and around Pekin to preserve order
pending negotiations for a restoration of the

‘hinese Government and plans for @ peace
conference

During the delay pending the location or
return of the Chinese court the allies will re-
open the lines of communication south to Tien-
tain, repair the railroad line an clear the
country of hostile Chinese. They will lay out
camps of some size around Pekin and in the
city, and as soon as communication is reéstab-
lished will get suppties northward for the troops
that are to remain in China until peace has been
restored. It is admitted by the War Depart-
ment officials that the international force nowin
China is not sufficiently large to keep o the
line of communication herween Tientsin and
Pekin, and reliance for that duty is placed in
the arrival of troops from Germany and Ruasia.
The delay in the receipt of despatches is at-
tributed to the cutting of the Felegra, h line

rom Tientsin to Pekin, and this condition i«
ikely to continue until there are enough troo;
in China to patrol the country betwee the
coast and Pekin. That the United States
contingent will not be re@nforced unless some
critical situation should arise was stated to-day
by Secretary Root. Itis considered that already
the United States have their share of troops in
China for the purpose of protecting A ican
citizens and helping to restore order.

The despatch from Gen. Chaifee reported
an engagement between the Sixth Cavalry
and a large force of Chinese seven miles from
Tientsin. It says:

‘TAKU, Aug, 27.—Col, Wint on Aug. 19 re-
sorts inarched at 4 A. M., and engaged large
orces of enemy seven miles from city. Dee
versed them, killing about 100
oat five wounded, Will cable names of
wounded soon as ascertained, CHAFFEE,”

Tt was explained at the War Deperepent
that the despatch undoubtedly rete to
the engugement of the Sixth Cavalry under
Lieut.-Col. Wint with Chinese = out
side of Tientsin, and that Col,
Wint. reached Pekin with the command
and there reported to Gen. Chaffee, telling of
the engagement. It is now the opinion that the
casualties reported by Gen, Chaffee laxt week
under date of Tientsin. were sent to that city
by courier by Gen, Chaffee and_ telegraphed
from there to Taku and cabled thence to the
United States. he

Americans

This was probably done
cause of the impairment of the military line
and it is supposed that the despatches received

to-day came the same way, as it has no Pekin

te,
The lack of complete cla! advices from
the coi of the allied forces at Pekin

accounts for the lack of progress of the Powers

in reaching a solution of the China question,

while diplomatic progresa awaits the discovery

of a Chinese Government to d with. In the
eantime the reports from Pekin are
arming:

It appears certain to officials here that ‘he
commanders at Pekin have been unable to ccon-=

unicate with their Governments and have

n left without orders for the last week orso
on account of the inability of the small force in
chine to keep the military raph line open.
As long as this situation confronts the com-
manders and their Governments’ diplomatic

‘ogress toward a definite pian of settlement
will be barred. It ia hoped here that it will be
only a short time before the advancing troops
of relief will clear the way to Pekin.

Officers of this Government do not appear
alarmed at the number of troops and warships
being sent to China by the other nations. It
is pointed out that the prasence of a jarge force
there will do more to hasten a peaceful solution
of the tangle than a small army continually
harassed as at present by roving is of
Chinese whom the [Imperial Government uncer
present conditions apparently cannot put down
and wom the small foreign force In Pekin
is unable to drive away.

Meanwhile the United States note addressed
to the Powers with a view of determining upon
a uniform future policy has not been answe
by any of the nations, according to the act ‘
Secretary of State. In regard to this a hig
official sald to-day

“There is a sort of "You tell me what to do
and I'll tell you what I'll do’ condition of affairs
diplomatically.”

Another factor has helped to delay Ger-
manv's answer, for a despatch received to-
day by the State Department from Mr, Jack-
son, the American Chargé d'Affaires at Berlin,
stated that the Emneror and Count von Buelow
are not at the capital. Mr. Jackson explained
that this was the reason for a delay in an answer
from Germany to the note

not

THANKS FROM MINISTER CONGER,
Reply to the President's Messige on the Ar-
rival of Rellef at Pekin.

WasnHInoTon, Aug. 27.—On Aug. & upon
receipt of the despatch from Minteter Conger,
stating among other things that all connected
with the American legation were safe, but that
efforts were being made to induce those in the
legations to leave Pekin, to do which he re-
garded as certain death, the President seat him
the following despatch
“Conger, American Ministery Pekin:

“Aug. 8, night.—I rejoice, and with me the
whole American people, to receive your cipher
telegram reporting your safety and that of th
other legations. Everything is being done and
will be done for your relief. The acting Secre-
tary of State has to-day sent you a telegram
of inquiry and information

“WILLIAM MoKngsg .

Again on Aug. 10, upon the receipt of official
information of the relief of the legations, the
President sent the following despatch:
“Fowler, Chefoo, for Conger, American Min-

tater:

“The whole American people rejoice over
your deliverance, over the safety of your com-
panions of our own and of the other nations
who have shared your perila and privations,
the fortitude and courage which you have all
maintained and the heroiem ofr you little band
of defenders. We all mourn for those who
have fallen and acknowledge the goodness
of God which has preserved you and guided
the brave army that set you ;

“WILLIAM McKIN er.”

This evening the President received this
message from Minister Conger
“The President,

“All Amerioans here k you for congratu-
lations and succesaful efforts for our relief,
and bless God for final deliverance. Conorr.”

RUSH FOR TRANSPORTS.

France, Germany and Russia Wantto Ship
Supplies From San Francisco.

SAN Francisco, Aug. 27.—Germany, France
and Russia are all hunting eagerly here for
transports to ship supplies to China. Germany
has secured the last option on Kosmos line
steamers, and inquirles to-day on behalf of
Ruasia failed to locate a suitable ship to oarry
freight to China. Tramp steamers bound
with cargoes to Australia and Central and
South American ports, will be discharged and
diverted to San Francisco, The biggest boom
in shipping that thie city has ever known will
surely resuit if the trouble in China continues,

The French Government will want to eend
supplies from cither this city or Seattle. Ger-
many has alreidy placed some large orders,
and will soon arrange for shipment

The uncertainty conerared the num)
of troops that the United States will keep
China makes the army transport service cau.

tious about releasing options on ste t
were spoken for at the outbreak or the bates

The . d the Second I
n n

ft

arrived fro

Battalion of .
‘ort ™ Aa, mtv °
went immediately inte dev at

hei}