Be BIT ee eo

Tee ae

pea

eS

SENSES oP tg te a yt

Sa MET

SLL EE I

 

 

en

a LES Te LSREIT RR em

es
a

The battalion is of

the Presidio, f
headquarters, band and 547 men, pie ho

talfon and two battalions of the vret n en ry
will sail for Manila on the Transpo Logan on

"he Second Hattalion o
‘eft "ee Leavenworth on Saturday
here on Wednesday, |

‘he Logan, Rosecrans, Frederica, Egbert,
Belgian King and Westminster are all being
loaded at once at the transport dock, TheW cot
minater, which arrived only this morning, wi
immediately be reloaded with frei ht for Man-
ila, The officers of the Seventh rullery and
light batteries C and M, which are sehedu ed to
sail on the Kosecrans this week, are anxious
that the Frederica, which carries the horses
and guns, should sail with the troo whip and
keep her in sight all the way, The Rosecrans,
however, is apt to sail several days in advance
of the Frederica and they will take different
routes, the former going Manila, via
Honolulu, and the latter going via N asak |.
This ight artillery, which was originally ine
tended for the plains of China, will not be of

reat use in the Philippines, it Is feared, as the
nad roads in the a make it almost impos
sible to transport fleld pieces.

Three hospital stewarde and 100 hospital
corps men from Fort McDowel) have been as-
signed to the Kosecrans, also 126 recruits,

faturday.
Infantry
and should arrive

to

 

PALACE VACANT, CONGER SAYS.

No Representative of ae Chinese Govern-
ment Found at Pekio,

WAsHINOTON, Aug 27.--The Department of
Btate makes public the following despatch from
Minister Conger, received this morning, and
dated Taku, Aug. 27:

“‘Becretary of State, Washington:

“No important movements sinoe last de-
spatoh. Military 14 trying to restore order.
No representative of the Chinese Government
encountered yet. Several Ministers of the
Teung-li-Yamen reportedin the city and are
expected to appear Foon,

“Generals decide not to enter into Imperial

%, believing it practically vacant,
“Two thousand Germans arrived to-day.
“CONOER,.

This despatch is undated. but from the cir-
cumstance that {t mentions the arriva: ofa
German fore: at Pekin, which has not yet
been revorted from any other quarter, it is pre-
sumed to he of very recent origin :

Secretary Hoot carried Minister Conger'’s
message to the President as soon As it was
translated and the President was plea to
Jearn thai reénforcementsa had reached Pekin,
This Government had not been advised that
such a force of Germans was on Ita way The
fact that so smal! a for e wasable to @o through
to Pekin leads officials to believe that the large
Chinese army reported between Tienteln and
Pekin was somewhat ofamyth.

 

CHINESE REFORMER ARRIVES.

Disciple of Kang Yu Wet to Lecture to China-
men in This Country.

Ban Francisco, Aug. 27.—Leung Kai Tin,
a disciple of Kang Yu Wel, the Chinese reformer
fs here, and plans to lecture to Chinamen
throughout the country to spread the ideas of
the Chinese reformers. He is the brother of

Leung Chi Tso, who has just completed a tour
of the Hawaiian Islands and gained many
members and collected much money for his
soclety. Leung Kai is a bright young Chinese,
but he speaks no English. He declared through
an interpreter that the cause of reform was
increasing rapidly in China, and that no less
than 6,000 members of the reform gsoctety
lived in San Francisco. He predicts a speedy
overthrow of the corrupt officials tn China
and the reinstatement of the young Emperor

MBSSAGES RECEIVED FROM CHINA.

The President, Secretary Root and Adjutant-
General Corbin in Conference.
Wasninoton, Aug. 37.—An important con-
ference was held to-night by the President, Reo
retary Root and Adjutant-General Corbin after
the receipt of several messages from China, the
contents of which were not given out.

 

American Warship Ordered to Amoy,.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.—The gunboat Castine
has been ordered from Shanghai to Amoy
to report on the situation there. There
were riota in Amoy last week and a Japanese |
temple was burned Ly the mob. Japanese
troops had -been landed there oontrary to the
romises made to the Chinese officials and the
noes were somewhat perturbed over the situ. |
ation. " |

 

COAL MINERS WANT A STRIKE.

Anthracite Men May Decide To-day, Pos-

bly, to Go Out,

Aazunton, Pa., Aug. 27.—Contrer, to gen-
eral expectation, a strike was not declared at |
to-day’s seasion of the Mine Workers’ Unton
Convention, athough there is still every prob- |
ability that such action will be taken at to-
morrow’s session. At this morning's session,
which was public, few delegates were present.
Not all had arrived in town. ‘No operators
carne to meet the men in joint conference and
their absence is regarded by the men as con-
olugive that none of their demands will be
@ranted.

During thenoon hour a large number of dele-
gates arrived and the afternoon session, which
was executive, was attended by them all. All
parts of the anthracite regions were represented
by delegates. Ali those soon expressed them-
selves strongly in favor of astrike, declaring
that the conditions had become unbearable
and that they might as well starve at home
as while working The price charged by the
companies for powder and the prevailing dock-
age system seem to be the chief grounds for
complaint. It is understood that at this after-
poon's meeting the delegates from the different
regions were called up one by ona by the presid-
ing officer, President Mitchell of the National
Mine Workers’ Union, and that a preponder-
eting number expressed themselves as in favor
of a strike

Just before the convention went into execu-
tive session Organizer Benjumin James, said to
& reporter:

"The meeting to-day means
You oan quote me as saylig, The operutors
had every chance to prevent such action, They
have failed. The consequences rest with them, |
Notwithstanding the protests of priests, min-

isters and the press, the strike will take place
and in asbort tine every worker in the aithra-
cite coul fleids will lay down his toolx. The |
soft coal operators will not come to the rescue
of the anthracite mine owners this time as was
the cuse before. We have taken all necessary
Precautions in that direction, A hard and
desperate struggle it will beif the operators
#0 wish to make it.”

After the conclusion of the afternoon seasion
President Mitchell gave out this statement

“There were present at this afternoon's aes
sion 257 delegates répresenting 155 locals. We
did not arrive at any do finite conclusion as yet
“ to what course to pursue, or rather a con-

jugion was inconclusive, mainly on account
of the operators not being present. There is
unquestionably a strong sentiment extant
among the delegates in favor of taking drastio
measures. We feel that if a strike were en-

feecd in, it would extend over the entire an-
ite region.

“The scale committee made a partial report
to-day but some changes were thought nec-
essary, and a final report will be made by them
at to-morrow morning's session. The com-
mittee will probably ask for a change of those
conditions which are most abusive. To sum
up, we are atill undecided how to proceed. At

to-morrow's meeting, however, a decision
wi Ibe arrived at.”
guarded words,

strike. This

 

far Mr. Mitchell has used
pewever the “drastic measures” referred to by
im leave no doubt in the minds of those con-
versant with the situation that the declaration
of a strike within a few days is contemplated,
4 matter of fact several delegates have said
that there would be a cessation of work at all

collieries in the region on Thursday morning.
On the streets the talk is all strike and every
~ is convinced that such a course has been
mined upon. If a general strike does re-
sult it is believed that ea jong and bitter struggle
will result and six months Is fixed for the Ume
that it will last. All the large strikes in the
ee this region have lasted that long and
is every reason to fear that the ensuing

one will no shorter.

Republicans to Run for Congress in All of
Virginia's Districts,

RicuMonp, Va.
Execu'ive Committee met at Murphy's Hotel
to-night, and after hearing reports from all over
the State adopted a resolution providing for

nominations for Congress in every district.
,This Was @ surprise, as it had been announced |
that the National Committee had picked out
three districts considered most favorable and

that only these would put up candidates, }

Drowned White Rathing in the Surf,

OckaN City, Md, Aug. 17.—John
of Baltimore was drowned while bathing in
the surf here to-day. He came here this morn-
ing with the excursion of the lron Moulders’
Union and this evening his remains were found

ting in the ocean near the life-saving station
Harry Covington of Snow Hill, who broughe
ins & shore. From the appearance
y it was evident that Kelly had been

Wt apoplexy or heart disease while

ay
ee

    
 
 

Aug. 27—The Republican |

Kelly, |

  
     

KILLED MOBBING A WOMAN,

 

TWO DEAD AND FIVE WOUNDED THE

RESULT OF THE WORK.

 

Constable
Giiman, Ml, for Ca
~—Posse Broke inand One Shot Fatally
—House Set on Fire Mra, Wright Shot.

GitMAN, IL, Aug. 27.—This little village was

 

the scene to-day of one of the most disgraceful |

|

riots in the history of the State, Asaresult of
anattempt to arrest Mrs, Charlotte Wreht,
charged with the murder of Bessie Falter, ‘wo
persons are dead and five are wounded, The
dead are: Mike Ryan, Illinois Central
section man, shot through abdomen;
John Mvers, shot through the heart.
The wounded are; George Willoughby, agent
of the Standard Oil Company, shot in thigh,
wound probably fatal; Lawrence Rvan,
wounded in abdomen, will probably die; Mra,
Charlotte Wright, wounded in head and other
places, will die; Peter Hauer, seriously wounded
with charge of buckshot; Dennis Carr, wounded
in leg with buckshot

Mrs Wright haa lived in a small frame build-
ing on the outskirts of the village, It is known
locally as the “Castle.” Mrs, Wright is 45 years
old and has had an unenviable reputation for
years, The warrant for her arrest was placed
{n the hands of Constable John Milstead,
who was accompanted by five or six men,
friends of the Falter family. The con-
stable early this morning knocked | udly
on the front door and demanded admit-
tance. There was no anawer, The house was in
darkness. Breaking open the door the poss»
found themselvesina parlor, A door ofaninne

  

Went to Arrest Mra, Wright tn!
ing a Girl's Death |

 

ROWS IN CUBA,

 

POLITICAL

 

Special lTnstructions te Civil Governors te

Maintain Order at Meetings.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

HAVANA, Aug, 27.—The Under Secretary of

State hus decided to issue un order to all the
Civil Governors directing them
order at political meetings

break up the gatherings, The most serious
attempt was at Marianao. The
assert that the Mayor and police were present,

but refused to stop the rioters, many of whom
The case
have
caused # protest from the entire presa with

cried “Long live Maximo Gomez,”
is being investigated. These attacks

the exception of the organ of the National
party.

Seflor Lanuza, who was Secretary of Justice
under Governor General Brooke, was asked
a short time ago by the Republican party of
Clenfuegos to stand as a candidate for the
Constitutional Convention. Sefior Lanuza has
replied by publishing a private letter written
by him in April last to Manuel Sangutlly, in
which he gives his reasons for not joining the
Republican party. He says that the Repub-
‘ican party aspires to an immediate cessation
of intervention and to the absolute independence
of Cuba, neither of which views he supporta.
He thinks that if the United States does not
guarantee Cuba before the world there will be
no confidence in a Cuban government. The
‘sland, he says, needs a protectorate The
United States should guarantee Cuba internally
and externally. In conclusion, Befior Lanura
says that if the people wish to elect him after
knowing his frank opinion of the situation he

room at right angles to the front apartment | {8 willing to represent them in the convention.

also was locked. The constable knocked and
demanded admittance, but there waa no reply.
Several of the men threw themselves against
the door and burst it open.

Almost instantly two reports came from ashot-
gun, Mike Ryan, an Illinois Central section
man, aged 25, fell backward, screaming: ‘‘I'm
shot.’ He had received an entire los
of shot in his abdomen. He was varried to
a house nearby, where he died half an
hour later. The crowd had increased by
this time, but no one dared to enter the be-
sieged dwelling, and its occupants were not mo-
lested) Every few minutes persons came run-
ning up armed with shotguns and revolvers,
The village fire bell was rung, and great excite-
ment prevailed,

“Lyneh them! Lynch them! Lynch them!”
came from 200 throats, Cooler counsel pre=
vailed, and the village marshal posted armed
men «bout the house

“Watch the place carefully,” he sald, “If any
one attempts to escape shoot him down,”’

By thistime the mob was convinced that
Mike Ryan had been killed by John Myers, a
60-year-old man-of-all-work, who had lived
with Mrs. Wright for sixteen years. The crowd
clamored for his blood,

“Burn the house,” they shouted. Advice by
the authorities to go slow was laughed at,
Within ffteen minutes the west end of the house
had burst into flames. It had rained and every-
thing was wet. The cottage burned slowly. It
is believed the mob wished to smoke out Mrs,
Wright and Myers, rather than burn them
alive.

After a time the fire department appeared
and made a feeble attempt to extinguish the
flames, but the “castle” was doomed. When
the house was finally ablaze and the dense

AN APPEAL FROM THE POPE.

Seeks Relief From the Intolerable Situation
—Statement on the Change in the Throne.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Rome, Aug, 27.--The Vatican has addressed

ad | &ciroular letter to the Catholic Governments

on the subject of the change in incumbents
of the Italian throne

The letter declares that the Pope renounces
none of the Papal rights over Rome or the
provinces which composed the patrimony
of St. Peter, The letter also states that,
since 1870, the condition of the Papacy
has been steudily growing worse. The Pope
himself has been at the mercy of anti-Clerical
Sectionaries, whose proceedings the Italian
Government has always favored.

The Pope protests against a continuance of
such a state of things, and Invokes the assist
ance of all Catholics and all Catholic States to
relieve him from an intolerable situation

So long as Italy refuses him the rights of the
floly See, his Holiness will decline to recognize
the new King us King of Italy, but only as King
of Sardinia

 

AWARD POR TELEGRAPHIC CODE.

International Code and Cable Directory Com-
pany of This City Honored at Parts,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Pants, Aug. 27.--The highest award has
been made by the Paris Exposition to the In-
ternational Code & Cable Directory Company, of
New York, publishers of the Western Untfon
telegraphic code (universal edition).

 

 

 

SALTING A SUBURB,

ehrubbery a.d trees around it illuminated a | a Temporary Attraction Secured for the Be

half-clad woman Was seen torush out of the
east door and gain the shrubbery on that
side of the house. The Gilman men fired their
guns and revolvers into the shrubbery
at random. The fire was returned.
Willoughby, local agent for the Standard (il
Company, was shot through the lef:
a pistol bullet and is not expeoted to live. He
was taken to a house where three local physi-
cians had established a hospital. Peter
Hauer was” picked = up in the al-
ley back of the “castle.” He was
seriously wounded with buckshot in the
shoulder and chest. The courage of the crowd
abated after this repulse. No one wanted to
rush into the thicket, so guards were posted
around theshrubbery and most of the crowd
sought less’ exposed places.

At 5 o'clock John Myers, revolver in hand,
was seen sneaking from the thicket. He ran
down the street followed by most of the guards,
He fell into a wide ditch and arose covere
with mud. Then his flight was urrested on
che other side by a barbed wire fence. Myers
was not well known fn Gilman and he seized
upon this fact to escape, Brought to bay, he
slipped his pistol into his pocket and claiméd
to be one of the guards,

“You are Myera,’’ yelled some one in the
crowd and s»veral nore shote were fired in his
direction. Mvers's \ace grew determined. He
brushed the mud from his eyes and, drawing
his revolver, fired into the crowd, which was
+eparated from him by a few paces only. Law-
rence Ryan fell, shot through the abdomen,
Several in the crowd had rifles, and a bullet
from one of these took effect in Myers’s heart
the next instant,

Meanwhile the thicket had been searched, In
ita centre, lving besi.e a shotgun, was found
Mrs. Charlotte Wright. A wound in her head
was pronounced mortal. The wounded woman
was taken to the village hall. The mob was so
int ntontaking her that a heavy guird was
thrown about the building. While this prevented
a direct attack it did not deter the angry
mob from firing bullets or charges of buckshot
through the doors and windows and into the
wooden wall’. Fearing that the building might
be burned, the authorities spirited tie wounded
woman away to the Illinois Central tracks
whore an approaching passenger train was
flagged ard the prisoner taken to Paxton, and

then to the county jail at Watseka, Mrs. Wright |

isso badly wounded that she cannot recover.
Mrs. Dr. C. W. Wright was accused of the
murder of Bessie Salter, the sixteen-year-old
daughter of a resident here through a
criminal operation at Mrs Wright's pri-
vate hospital. Miss Salter was buried
secretly on Saturday. The girls body was
exhumed yesterday and a Coroner's jury de-
clared that she had been murdered. A warrant
Was at once sworn out for the woman's arrest.

WASHINGTON'S ATTRACTIONS.

 

President MacFarland on the Causes of Its In-
crease in Population.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.—To a@ question ad-
dressed to the Mayors of the large cities of the
United States asking what, in their judgment,
were the factors coatributing to the increase in
the population of their cities, President
MacFarland of the District Board of Commis-
sioners has replied

“Washington is the most attractive city for |

residence in the United States. This largely
explains the steady and substantial increase of
ite population (278,718), which is larger than
the census reports, because the enumeration
was made when thousands of people were
away. Washington has the best municipal
government in this country—no bosses, no
rings, bo scandals, a low tax rate, fine schools,
fire and police systems, broad, shaded, well-
lighted and well-swept streets, numerous parks,
excellent street and steam railway facilities.
As the National capital it draws people trom all
over the world, and has an unusual proportion
of refined and cultivated residents and of beau-
tiful homes,”

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 27,--The Alexander safled
from Norfolk for Singapore on Aug. 23. The
Stringham sailed from Newport for Wilming-
ton, Del., and the Lancaster trom Antwerp for
Gravesend on Aug 24. The Osceola arrived at
Boston, and the Essex at Amsterdam on Aug. 24.

SHIRT-WAIST MAIL. CARRIERS,
Postmaster of Newark Gives Them Permission
to Lay Aside Their Coats.

Postmaster Hayes of Newark gave out an or-
der yesterday permitting the mail carriers un-
der him to lay aside their coats white on duty,
Nearly every o0.@ of the carriers was grateful
for the permission, and many of them appeared
in the streets in shirt waists of varied colors
and stripes. Postmaster Hayes said that he had
no otders from superiors in regard to this move-
ment, pus we power to acti: such an urgent
case, and that the order would stand until ti
hot weather was over, =

e

 

George |

thivh with |

 

notions,”
“we certainly do
at houses last spring, a moony sort of a chap

guilement of a Tenant.

“We run up against some people with odd
sald a suburban real estate man,
I] had a man out looking

ne was, but a nice man, and I tried hard to

nail him: I though he'd be an addition to the

community, and I thought I'd got him finally,
but then he sald he'd have to see how things

were there at night. Now that, you know,
was the oddest request 1 had had In the course
of a long experience. There was the house
and there was the country; better seen by day
than by night; and what he should want to
see it at night for I couldn't even guess; but,
of course, I said all right, and he came out
from the city again the same night and we
went around to the house that he was looking
at and sat down on the veranda

“It was a beautiful moonlight night, full

q | Moon, our place had never looked so lovely,

and I thought it was a question of when we'd
sign the lease, but pretty soon the man says:

*'No buale!’

“Well, now do you know you could have
knocked me down with a broom splint? Easy.
Because it was only that day that I'd got rid
of a bugler, and here was a man who wanted
to hear one. We'd had in our town probably
the worst suburban bugler that ever was;
aman who could play ‘Oft in the Stilly Night’
and/sthat sort of thing on a key bugle In a way
to make people go into the house and shut
all the doors and windows on the hottest sum-
mer nights. To my great delight this man
had moved away that very day; and now here
was 4 man that wanted to hear him!

“You never can tell. Here was this man,
nice a man as ever was, but chock full of ro-

mantic notions, Freak notions, you and I
would call 'em—maybe we've got some that
he'd call freak notions. But anyhow he'd

lived In the suburbs somewhere before, where
he'd heard the famillar key bugle that you
always hear in these places, played by some-
body in the distance; and he'd got the sound
of that distant bugle tndelibty associated in
his mind with pleasant memories of suburban
life. The moonlight and that sort of thing
didn't seem right without the bugle. He

missed it and [had to do some quick thinking. |

‘We've got the greatest plaver here that
ever was,’ I said to him, ‘but it just happens
that he's gone to the city to- ight. You'd
hear him here, though, to-morrow night, no
doubt, if you shoul’ happen around.’

“Well, I think I'll come,’ he says, ‘because
T must say T rather like this place, and if the
bugler seems natural I'll take this house.’

There was a friend of mine that played a
B flat cornet in a band in the city and I got
him out the next day and installed in the house
that our local bugler had, as I thought so hape
pily, left. It. was another beautiful night,
simoly beautiful; the moon plumb full, a Httle
fuller if anything than it was the night before:
and my prosvective house renter was even more
im ressed than he had been by the beauty of
the place; an. it all rested now with my friend
with the B flat cornet. and when night had
fairly ported nh starter, up.

“And, say! e could, you_know, he coul
play the bugle. I thought asT heard him chat
f T eould close out my business there I'd start
a suburb of my own somewhere and give, to
sell the lets, moonlight. excur iuna only and
have him, an early settler there, blowing the
bugle on excursion nights, as the people strolled
about before the sale

“He played ‘Oft in the Stilly Night,’ and the
‘Last Rose of Summer’ In th» most beautiful
fashion and T thought he'd forgotten the con-
tract, but the next minute I thought he must

the instrument and that the wind was escaping
there, hecanse of all the unearthly bugle notes
Tever heard that certainly was the most awful,

“My friend on the veranda was manifestly
nleased, and my friend with the cornet did not
disappoint him. Of all the bad playing I ever
heard, this was easily the best

“'Oh, but that sounds natural,’ said my

veranda friend, ‘as my friend up the hill ex- |

ecuted 9 combination  staceato-tremolo-
diminuendo-c-escendo-offer-blasto movement,
all in one very remarkably corrugated and
jagged note, the memory of which remains
with me clearly yet, though it ls now pooty
near fall, and this was last epring.’

_“‘Hm-m,’ my friend on the veranda con-
tinned. sort of musing like, as my friend up
the hill went on. ‘Is that figure you named
the best you can do? ;

“*The very best,’ 1 says
“‘Well’ he says, ‘I'll come and sign the
lease in the morning.’ And he did.

“Ten davs later he moved in, That night
he heard no bugle. He was at me about it
the very next day. And I had to tell him that
the bugler had had an attack of hay fever
the day before, and the doctor had ab-so-
lute-ly forbidden him to touch a bugle again
before winter, or late in the fall, at the earll-
est.

“You see you don't hear the bugic in the fall
and winter at all, when the windows are shut,

 

and, not expecting to hear It then, you doa't |

miss it. What 1 am hoping is that by the time
spring comes my new tenant will have he
come so pieased with the place itself that he'll
forget about the bugle entirely.”

 

There Is No Excuse for It.

The idea that many advertisers have of kee

OD expense simply t “keep their names be fk
readers” of so-called Regl Estate mediume whea
Satisfactory results are not realized is purely senté-
mental, member this, and also Tae BUN, whe
placing your orders again The Real Estate ‘Boa!
of Brokers use The SUy for ita reliable news matter
as well as tue coluaus for advertising

THE SUN, TUESDAY, AUGU

to maintain
At three recent
meetings held by the Democratic Union, mobs
of Nationals threw stones and attempted to

Democrats

 

 

GEN, OLIVIER CAPTURED.

HE HAD BEEN ONE OF THE MOST
SUCCESSFUL BOER LEADERS,

Roberts Reports That the Boers Are Making
a Very Determined Stand Against His Ad-
vance Fast of Pretoria~Boers Attack Win-
burg and Are Repulsed With Heavy Loss.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, Aug. 27.—A despatch from Lord
Roberta of to-day's date says:

“The enemy attacked Winbure on three sides
this morning. They were beaten back with
considerable loas by Bruce-Hamilton.

“Gen, Olivier and his three sons have been
captured, This is a very important capture,
as Olivier has been the moving spirit in the
southeast portion of the Orange River district
throughout the war.”

The War Office has also received the fol-
lowing despatch from Lord Roberts, under
date of Belfast, Aug. 26, 10:55 P. M.:

“T have been engaged the greater part of
the day over a perimeter of thirty
miles, Lyttleton’s, with two brigades of
cavalry, the whole under Buller, operated south-
west of Dalmanutha. French, with two
brigades, moved northward and west of Bel-
fast, driving the enemy to Lekenvly on the
Belfast-Lydenburg road,

“When French reached Lekenvty,Pole-Carew,
with the Guards, advanced from Belfast to his
support. The enemy was evidently in considera-
blestrength north and east and stabboraly op-
posed both Buller and Pole-Carew.

“The Boers brought into action three Long
Toms and many other guns and pompoms.
The firing until dark was hot and persistent,

“Buller hopes that his casualties are not more
than forty. Pole-Carew has not reported yet,
French only names Captain Harrison as dan-
gerously wounded.

“The Boers are making a determined stand.
The country Is dificult and well suited to their
tactics, Itialeas favorable to cavalry move-
ments than that through which we have operated
hitherto,

“I recelved a report Aug. 24 from Winburg
that Lieut.-Col. Ridley, of the Yeomanry, with
275 men, while reconnoltring, was attacked
by a stronger force of the enemy and it was
feared that he had been overpowered.

“Lordered Hunter to proceed to Kroonstad
to despatch some of Bruce-Hamilton’s men
to Ventersburg to codperate with the Win-
burgers.

“I have just heard that Ridley was relieved
early to-day by Bruce-Hamilton. Ridley seems
to have taken up his position on a farm and
skilfully defended it against 1,000 men and two
guns” Ridley lost thirty men

“Kelly-Kenny despatched a small movable
column under Ifeut.-Col. White to offdraw the
enemy from Ridley's position, White lost one
officer wounded and one man killed and five
missing.

“Gen, Rundle reports that 109 more Boers
have surrendered at Harrismith.

“Boyes's mounted troops have reached Vrede.”

Another despatch from Lord Roberts, dated
Belfast, Aug. 25, 6:05 P, M., was published to-day:
It says:

“I arrived here early this morning and met
at noon Gens. Buller, French and Pole-Carew,
The latter's casualties in occupying Belfast were
an officer and thirteen men wounded.

“There were 13 degrees of frost here last
night. The health of the troops has improved
at the front and, I am thankful to say, through-
out South Africa,

“Ian Hamilton has captured near Pienaar’s
River Station thirteen Boers, several Cape carta,
600 cattle and 1,150 sheep.”

A despatch from Gen, Roberts, issued by the
War Office to-night, states that th» British
casualties in the engagement on Sunday were
wonderfully few considering the heavy fire
and the long time the fighting lasted. He ese
timates that five were killed and fifty-eight
wounded,

 

 

 

SOME RBORPRS CLOSE TO PRETORIA,

 

British Outposts Fired On—Two Columns Re-
called to the Capital.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

From THE SUN's Correspondent at Pretoria.

Pretoria, Aug. 27.--One of the otposta east
of the town was fired on by Boers last night.
One of the British soldiers was wounded.

Grobler's commando has been pursued north
of the Warm Baths, seventy miles from Pre-
toria. His commando has been greatly re-
duced in numbers. During last week's fight-
ing north rl west of Pretoria nearly a hundred
Boers were killed,

The columns of Gens, Hamilton and Mahon
are returning here.

It is stated that Lieut. Cordua, who wes shot
here on Friday for plotting to abduct Gen.

Roberts and seize Pretoria, wrote a letter to his |

mother shortly before he was taken out to be
executed, in which he admitted the justice of
the sentence passed upon him.

 

SOUTH AFRICAN PARTY'S SPLIT.

 

Leaders Urged by the Cape Town “‘News" to
Make Concessions.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,

Cape Town, Aug. 27.—The News to-day
publishes a remarkable article, appealing to
ex-Prime Minister Schreiner, former Treasurer
Merriman and ex-Commissioner of Public
Works Saver to cease their quarrels and work
together. The News admits that the Treason
bill is not one of those questions upon which
the colonies are entitledto press their views
upon the Imperial Government, The News
asks why it should not be possible to settle
the leadership of the South African party by
holding a convention of members of the party.

This sudden conversion of the Newa is doubt-
less due to the hope that ex-Premier Schreiner’s
support may be gained for Mr. Sauer's motion
in favor of Republican independence.

 

BRESCI'S DEFENCE.

King Hambert’s Assassin Asks a Socialist
Lawyer to Conduct His Case.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Rome, Aug. 27.—Bresci, the assassin of King
Alumbert, has asked Signor Merlino, a well-
known Socialist a\.orney, to defend him at his
trial, Signor Merlino has for a long time re-
sided outside of Italy in order to escape police
persecution,

 

The Weather.

Fatr weather was general over the country yester-
day, save for thunderstormsin northe. Pennasyl-

have'blown a hole through one of the bends of | ‘&0l@ northern Obio, lowa, South Dakota and Minne-

sota. The pressure was low, except over the south
Atlantic and east Gulf States, which indicates a con-
tinuance of the warm weather to-day.

There was but slight change in temperature in any
district, except that {t was cooler In the extreme north
west. At Havre, Mon., it was within two degrees
of the freezing point in the morning. Frost was re-
ported from Montana and Wyoming.

In this city the day was fair, but toward evening
{t became cloudy, and there were Indications of a
thunderstorm. It was warm and sultry; maximum
temperature, 81, at 2:15 P. M.; wind, freah northerly
in the morning, shifted to southerly in the afternoon:
average humidity, 57 per cent.; barometer, corrected
to Tead to sen level, atS A. M., 30,02; 3 P. M., 20,03,

The temperature as recorded by the official ther-
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at
the street level, is shown in the annexed table:

—OMelal— Sun's -OMcial-— Sun's

1900, 1599. 1900, 1900, 1490. 1900,
9A M80" 70° 78°) 6 PM.85* 72° 61°
12M... 6A 71° 54° 0 P. M.A7° 70° vr
3P.M.89° 74° A712 Mid..75° 66° 78°
WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND

TO-MORROW.

For New England, loca) rains; cooler to-day;
to-morrow fair; light southwest, shifting to north-
west winds.

For eastern New York, generally fair to-day and
to morrow: light northwest winds.

For eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Dela
ware, partly cloudy to-day and to-morrow; light
northwest winds.

For western New York, generally fatr today with
cooler in west portion; tomorrow fair; light soutn-
west, shifting to north winds.

For western Pennsylvania and Ohio, generally
fair to-day and to-morrow; cooler today; light to
fresh northwest winds.

ST 28, 1900.

rr

Otis Elevator Company

awarded the

  
       

GRAND PRIZE

GOLD MEDAL
at the

PARIS EXPOSITION
fo

Electric Elevators

ESCALATOR

and in recognition of the great service rendered the world by the per-
fection of Hydraulic and Electric Elevators and Hoisting Machinery

 

THE PIONEERS IN ELECTRIC ELEVATORS

 

G.A. R. MENCROWD CHICAGO

THE NAVAL VETERANS TO THE NUM-
BER OF 7,000 PARADE,

 

 

Large Part of the Population of the City See
the Civil War Men March—Mimic War Rep-
resentations at Night--Programme for the
Demonstration To-day ~Women's Corps,

CHICAGO, Aug. 27.—This city is crowded to-
night as it has not been #inca Chicago Day
of the World's Columbian Exposition, Railroad
agents and others interested in statistios
of crowds as related to transportation say
that at Go'clock to-night 400,000 strangers had
been brought into the city and more than
half as many are exyected before noon to-mor-
row, when the big parad» will start. From the
standpoint of attendance this encampment is
the most successful in the history of the Grand
Army of the Republic, This is true not only of
the veterans, but of the excursionists, who have
taken advantoge of the low rates.

The chief feature of to-day's exercises was
the parade of the naval veterans, escorted by
the men who fought in the Spanish war, Nearly
7,000 men were in line and the spectacle was wit-
nessed by half a million people, This
was in the morning while the weather
was cool and the breeze was off
the lake. In the afternoon the sightseers
rode if they oould or walked if they had to do
80 to Lincoln Park to witness the mimic naval
battle given for their benefitin Lake Michigan,
off the north shore. Those veteruns who pre-
ferred reunions and the renewal of acquaint-
ance with thoss with whom they served in
camp and fleld to sham battles stayed downtown
in the hundreds of reunion halls placed at their
disposal by the Committee on Entertainment.
To-night San Juan Hill was stormed with fire-
works acoompaniment in Lake Front Park aud
a@ naval parade with electrical trimmings was
given in the lake off the south shore.

To-morrow the big parade of Grand Army
men will be the feature. Itisexpected that
$0,000 men will participate, On Wednesday the
business sessions of the encampment will
begin in the new Coliseum. According to
the cfficers, nothing of special interest
will come before the encampment at
this session. The proceedings will be
in the nature of routine business.

The retiring (onmmander-in-( hief and the other
outgoing officers wil present their reports tor
the year. ihe standing committees will make
their reports as tothe stute of order and will
offer such recom: ndations as they
may con ider needful. One proposition
that may come before the convention § is
that of the consoldation o! the smaller
posts in several States Many of
osts have become decimated by death and it
s suggested that two or more such small posts
become con olidated when possible, because it
is beiieved that a few strong posts would be
mor: benefited than a large number of small
and weak posts. This is the plan which was
followed during the war of consolidating reai-
meuts whch had b come reduced in number,
through casualties, below the. regulation
standird

Afier the reports of theofficers and the com-

mittees the officers for the ensuing year will be |

elected. There seams to be no opposition to
the candidacy of Major Leo RKassvur of
Missouri for Commander-in-( iief, Candidates
for the other places have not yet devel ped
Generally these. Meera are chosen in the con-
vention, mostly without previous cunvass for
selection

The Woman's Relief Corps and the ladies of |

the G.A R. will also hold thir conwention on
Wednesday. Tue officers of these organiz itions
said to-day that no hirg out of the cr inary
would come up for consid-ration, Notwith-
standing the crowds, which include an unusual
percentage of the weak snd decrepit, only

three accidents have thus far been reported. |
Sampson Wellman of Fast St. Louis, a Civil War |
veteran, 69 sears old, was krocked down and ,

trampled upon to-day by a horse atta hed toa
cab at State street and Jack-on boulevard. He
sustained severe if not fatal injuries. Excite-
ment prevailed at the corner after theinijury
to Wellman, but Policeman Helleberg of the
eontral detail police section arrested Charles
Peddicord, driver of the cah, and the crowd
dis ersed, The police ambulance took Weil-
man to Michael Reese Hospital, where it was
learned he hed sustained a fractureof the right
lex below the ankle and a scalp wound over the
right eye

BE. B. Sprange, a veteran of the Civil Warin
attendance at the encampment exercise
slipped as he was walkinc at Madison an
Franklin streets, and in falling to the pavement
sustained a acaip wound, The police an bu-
lance removed him to the County Hospital
Sprange is 50 years old and lives in Benton, Jil.

Owing ro the wholesale arrests of crooks for
ten das prior tothe arrival of the crowds no
robberies have been reported to the police.
The Rey. Norman G. Whitney, a Civil War vet-
eran residing at (iray Eugle, Minn, who came
to this city to attend the encampment exer-
cises, wax knocked down and trampled by a
rupaway horse at North and Milwaukee ave-
nues to-night and received injuries from which
ne aied two hours later at St. Elizabeth's Hos-
pital,

 

BRYAN NOT TO ATTEND.

Declines to Go to the G, A. R. Encampment
Because McKiniey Wont Be There.

CHICAGO, Aug. 27.—-Mr. Bryan will not attend
the Grand Army Encampment. He declined
the invitation extended him by the Committee
on Invitations in the following telegram:

“LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 27,
“W.H. Harper, Executive Director, Chicago, Ill.:

“Since President McKinley is detained in
Washington by public business I believe the
proprieties of the occasion demand that I also

decline 3 courteous invitation to attend the
National Encampment of the Grand Army of
the Republic, and thus relieve the reunion of
any appearance of partisanship. 3

“W. J. Bryan.”

To this Mr, Harper sent the folowing reply:

“CHICAGO, Ill., Aug, °

“W. J. Bryan, Lincoln, Neb.: *e
“Your telegram declining invitation to attend
the annual National Encampment, G. A. RK.
because of President McKinley's absence by
reason of his public duties received. The
Executive Committee appreciates your deli-
cacy of sentiment under the circumstances,
while regretting it cannot have the pleasure

and honor of entertaining you.
“W. A. Hanrren, Executive Director,”

 

JANITOR BANGED HIS MEAD.

 

Ais Skull Probabiy Fractured and the Janitor
Is ia Jal,

Four-year-old Rosie Gaedecker had a fall yes-
terday from the fire escape at 1019 Second aves
nue, where she lives, but escaped injury. When
her father learned of her fall last night -
sidered the janitor, (harles Morris, ce
for it and going to the latter's apartments ase
saulted hiro and his wife. Morris finally picked
Up & pair of shears and hit Gaedecker on the

probab} Srnotesing his skull. Gaedecker
was taken to the hospital, after being placed
under arrest. Morris was locked up in a oell.

the |

| phine.

| that

 

Over 15,000 HP. used daily in operating Otis Electric Elevators in New York City

The Dainty

 
  

Appearance

of the breakfast table is enhanced by a snowy dish of

Cook’s

FAST.

Made Oly
roooa ms 60,

Sol Y 1 UNION SQUARE, N. Y. CITY.

 

Flaked Rice.

The appetite is whetted by the dell-
cate odor and the ease and quickness
with which it is prepared makes break-
fast getting a pleasure instead of a task,

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.

Full directions for use and book of
tested receipts with every package.

All Grocers. Large Package, 15 cts,

COOKS FLAKED RICE CO,

 

“DON'T BLAME NOBODY BUT MYSELF."

Queer Letter Left by a Woman Gas Suicide
~Must Have Been Crazy, Husband Says.

When Ambrose 8. Carnell, a designer of ad-
vertisernents, opened the door of his flat at 539
West 169th street last night he was almost pros-
trated by the outburst of gas. When he could
enter the room he found his wife Katie lying on
the bed with a tube leading to the gas jet in her

mouth. In the room was t sheet of paper on
which was scribbled with a lead pencil:

“Don't blame no one but myself. I cannot

live any longer. I don't know what is the mat-
ter with me. For God's sake don't blame
Con. “ LoTrig.

‘‘Adolph—Don't be cross to mother."

Carnell told the police that he believed his
wife must have been insane. He said he knew
no persons bearing the names that appeared in
the letterand alsos iid that his wife would never
have used such ungrammatical expressions
as appeared init. The writing, he said, tended
to strengthen his belief in her insanity. Care
nell said that he knew of no reason why hie wife
should kill herself unless she were insane,
coveras years ago she was a sufferer from epilep-
tic fits.

 

PRISONER TRIES SUICIDE.

Hammond Grew Despondent When Miss Lester
Ceased to Call at the Jalil.

Ware Piains, N.Y., Aug. 27.—John Ham-
mond, known as the “Barefooted Burglar,"
attempted to commit suicide to-day in the
Westchester county jail by swallowing mor-
He was still unconscious at & o'clock

this evening and the County Physician satd

he would probably die. He was sent
to the county jail from Mount Vernon on July
14 on two charges of burglary. When he was

| locked up a young woman known as Grace

Lester of 144 West Thirty-fourth street, New
York, offered $10,000 cash bail for his release,
The offer was rejected) She used to eall on
him at the jail frequently, but discontinued her
visits about two weeks ago. Since then Ham-
mond had been despondent,

 

Rasstan Naval OMcer Ordered From Pittsburg
to Service in China,

PITTSBURG, Pa,, Ang, 27.—Tieut.-Col, Michael
De Barlatkin, a Russian naval officer, who has
been inspecting armor-plate manufactured at
Homestead for Russian men-of-war, was or-
dered to St, Petersburg to-day and will leave
to-morrow, He will have charge of 3,000 ina-
Tines who are to be sent to China,

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

Mrs. Fllrabeth MeClanaghan, 66 years old, while
on her way home from Ireland to Philadelphia after
4 visit to ber birth place died suddenly early yester-
day morning on board the Anchor Line steamship
Furnessia

The Reno electrical stairs which have been bullt
at Third avenue and Fifty-ninth street to the elevated
Station were not open to the public yesterday, as was
expected. The power to run them was wanting.
They may be started up to-day.

The charge of assault made by John H. Springer,
manager of the Grand Opera House, against Winter,
Robinson, theatrical manager and that made by
Robinson against Springer were dismissed yesterday
by Magistrate Hogan, Then the Court advised Mr.
Springer to leave Mr. Robinson alone.

Henry Kepps, who ts accused of shooting his land-
lord, Charles Lang of 521 Kast bourteenth street,
last Sunday night was held without tall for further
examination yesterday by Magistrate Mogan tn the
Jefferson Market police court. Max and Gertle Wage
ner, who were arrested as witnesses, were released.

 

j €ood fighting material

OUOHOnONOHOnONeHeHeHeHS
rs .;
There is no end of

Old Virginia Cheroots§

MONTGOMERY HOME AGAIN

 

WITH 200 PEEL OF GLADNESS TRAII-+
ING BEHIND HER,

Incidents of the Craiser's Three Years’ Ab-
sence From This Port—Her Visit to LAberta
Target Practice in the South Atiantic
-—One Parrot and No Monkey Abeard.

The unprotected crulser Montgomery, now
nearly ten yesrs old, but mighty serviceable
considering her 4ge, came into port yesterday
flying one of the most gorgeous homeward-
bound pennants that has ever trailed over

taffrail. There were nearly 200 feet of it, and
the Up was ornamented with a painted bladder
that helped to hold it horizontal. ‘lhe Mont
gowery has been away fiom this port nearly
three years, and has been cruising in tropic
seas, With the South Atlantic squadron most
ol the time, for sixteen months.

Everybody abourd was glad to get a glimpse

of the towers of Manhattan again, and eVery-
body noticed that afew towers had been added
since the Montgomery was here before. The
feeling of rejoicing was expressed partly in the
elongated “homeward-bounder.” All ands
were su anxious tw get once more into at
mosphere of pure Yankee Doodieiam that they
caused the old ship to do stunta on her trip u
from St. Thomas, where she coaled last, an
she made the very respectable record of four
days and a half from the little Danish island,
going at the rate of about 18% knots, and drag-
ging along a lot of tropical green slime and
varnacies. She did not go at top speed, simply
because she had no right to burn too much of
Uncle Sam's coal. On her trial trlp she made
19 knots during a run of four hours, but she
would be unable to do that now.

The cruiser had a peaceful sort of an expert-
ence while in Southern waters, She made her
headquarters at Montevideo and cruised along
the Brazilian coast as far north as Para, She
was ordered to Liberia for no particular rea
son except t.at Liberia came within her ecru
ing ground, and this gave rise to rumors that
she had gone there to discipline somebody or
take a fall out of folks who were disposed to
ill-treat American citizens. All she aid witle
there was to let the residents of the Black Re
public look at her. While she was with the
squadron she had target practice with the
Chicago and Wilmington off Rio Janeiro. The
ships passed three targe ta in column and blazed
away with all their guns Two of the targets

ere riddled and one was destroyed, The
Montgomery's gunners had the distinetion of
currying away the smashed target, and they
we're the envy of the squadron for a long time

There was only one pet aboard the cmiser,
It is. a South American parrot and it talks nothe
ing but Spanish and a few American words that
are heard chieliy In the forecastie. Neatly
every bluejacket wanted to bring a monkey
or a parrot with him when the Montgomery
sailed for home, but the recollection of what
happens when those two creatures are in prox
imity and numerous caused the issuance of ap
order barring monkeys and parrots,

‘bhe crew of the Montgomery consista of 259
men, including a marine guard of fourteen and
seventy men in the engineer's department.
They are a fine and sturdy Jet. and when ue
Montgomery is laid up in ordinary. which wil
be pretty soon, ali hunds will be transferred
to more modern and larger wars ips that need
This is the list of the
Merrill;

Lieut.

 

eruiser’s officers; Commander J.
Iieut.-Commander, F. H. Sherman:
W. P. White; Lieut. J. B. Patton: ens ms, J. V,
Klemann, JJ. F. Marshall, A. FE. Kalbacn and
1. C. Palmer; aurgeon, A. M. BE. MeCormick, and
paymaster, A. F. Huntington. The Mont-
gomery salled from Montevide for this port om
duly 26, and on her way up stopped at Balda
esnambueo, Barbados, St. lucia, and finally
#&t. Thomas

 
 

 

M@ to waste, as there is no finished end to Ml
m cut off and throw away. When you am
: buy three Old Virginia Cheroots for &
© five cents, you have more to smoke, °
© and of better quality, than you have :

e when you pay fifteen cents for three

@ Five Cent cigars.
@

e Three hundred million Old Virginia Cheroots smoked this
year, Ask your own dealer. Price, 3 for 5 cents,

‘a