DADY SUED FOR SLANDER.

L (GS ACTION
4 APPLETON BRIN
. BONGAINST HIM FOR 850,000,

of the Hitter Factional War tn the

Aseembly District of Kings-Dady's

renlar Yesterday Was the Last Straw

poe primary Dispates in Brooklyn,

the Executive

J, Dady, chairman of

¢ ee of the Kings County Republican

‘om!

«hom R. Ross Appleton ts fighting
ae ioe hip of the Firat Assembly dis-
lor

jeaders!
trict, has heen sued by the latter for $50,000
is
damage’

Dady {aavied
caring himesel

@atcome
First

for slander,
a long statement yesterday de~

fas the champion of “pure” and
{ promising to retire to

° * primaries, anc
erry “kindergarten” if he did not beat
8 po He charged

by a large majority.
seen th being engaged in a bunco

nta wi
bie OPP Oe ee gorting with a “wife beater,” and

nd conser
on erioed Mr. Appleton as “that prince of
characteT :

re,” and contemptuously refers to Col.
fad} an a. Dyke as a “golf player.” Some
Cer ion Republicans, who are more interested
ae election of McKinley and Roosevelt and
a state ticket than the result of a petty face
tional aquabhie, severely criticised last night
intemperance of Dady's language and re-
~ 4 it as unbecoming his high place in the
ene Ja of the party, especially on the eve of
is ; aries in which he expecta fo come out
Oe Said a veteran Republican
“J have beet actively connected with the
Republican organization In this county for
wer thirty years and 1 will admit that we have
M aceasionaly | andicapped by having a
oe eat etateaman at the helm; but T have
poe witnessed such a diagraceful exhibition
pe just been made by the chairman of the
Reocutive Committea The organization is
certainly ina bad way if we must all be forced
% look up to Mict nel J. Dady as our leader.
If Mr. Woodruff, a8 I am sorry to say seems to
be the case, is responsible for the remarkable
politien! advancement of this man, then indeed
Lam not eurt rised that his lucky star appears
e deserted him
ap poo g Dady's statement Mr. Apple-
ton consulted the law firm of Reid, Esselstyn
@ Ketcham of a5 Wall street and the result
was the immediate inauguration of a sult for
$90,000 damages for slander, A notice of the
action was at once prepared and it was served
on Dady last night by Frank Hahn while he
the inner room of his Schermerhom

was Ww

street clubhouse giving final instructions to

his Third ward partisans in regard to the
egic work at the primaries to-day, He pro-

atrat
teased to pooh-pooh the p
ing that he was glad that
to give him ao opportunity to f

mente.
It was said last night that if other efforts

in that direction failed an appeal would soon
be made to the National Republican Com-
mittee to have Dady rem »ved from the politica
management on the ground that he was a
disturbing factor in the Kings county organi-
pation and that his contin led presence at head-
quarters would keep away influential Republi-

cans.
It was rumored last night that the Demo

cratic managers were exceedingly anxious
that nothing should oceur to disturb 'Dady in
his place as head of the organization and that
they were going to ald him to-day by all means
in their power. Some of his opponents say
that even should they be defeated they are
gure to administer such a rebuke to the ver-
eatiie statesman of the Third ward that there
will be nothing left for him to do but retire

from the management.
The contest between Naval Officer Sharkey

and Assistant Postmaster Taylor in the Six-
teenth district ia only sec nd in importance
to that in the First. Taylor has long been

bitious to wrest control fo the district from
Sharkey, and a year ako made & respectable
howing in that direction. For the first time
in hia political career, Sharkey has to confront
@ section of the organization forces, led by
Walter B. Atterbury, chairman of the County
Comnuttee. It is understood that Atterbury's
oppoaltion has been aroused in view of Sharkey ‘3
laaning toward the Hon. Jacob Worth — It

expected that Mr. Sharkey will maintain
K. hold on the district, while the vote is sure
to be close

Mr. Worth has come down from Saratoga like
agood Republican to participate at the pri-
mary in his district and help friends. te
oo desire otherwise, he says, to engage further
in any factional strjfe or to go as @ delegate to
the County Commit, « His only pergonsl po-
litiea! ambition is 12 represent the Fifth district
io Congress. Mr, Worth had this to say about
the Presidential outlook:

*l expect McKinley and Roosevelt to get a
large majority inthisState, I wanttosay, how-
ever, that this result will not be accomplished
without good hard work on the part of every
Republican who has the interests of the party
and the prosperity of the country at hear .”

He also raid that he was much pleased with
the prospect of Mr. Odell’s nomination for the
Governorship

In spite of the representations to the contrary
Comptroller Bird 8. Coler's candidacy for the
Pomination for Governor will come in for very
little consideration at the D mocratic primaries
in Brooklyn to-day. The Brookiyn Citizen
which representa the views of Hugh McLaugiilin
and the rest of the Willoughby Street machine
thua described the situation yesterday

"Comptroller Coler’s candidacy for Governor
willeut little ice in the Democratic primaries to-
morrow. The reason for this is explained by
the unwillingness of the Comptroller to lend
the weight of his name and popularity to
factional disputes.”

The primaries, however, will be lively enough,
much more lively, indeed, than usual. Hitherto
the primaries, with rare exceptions, have been
eut and dried proceedings and the names of
the delegates to the various conventions have
been selected days ahead in the little back
room of the Willoughby street auction shop,
where Hugh McLaughlin holds court.
This year the list cannot be made out come
pletely. There will be bitter factional con-
teats in ten of the twenty-one Assembly dis-
triets. and four of these will be open revolts

ainst Willoughby Street management.
The districts in which the rule of Mr. McLaughlin
is directly challenged are the Fifth, the Seventh,
the Ninth and the Twentieth, the opposition
leaders being, respectively, Warden Patrick
Hares ofithe penitentiary, Assistant Corporation
Counsel Luke [). Stapleton, Senator Michael

Coffey and ex-Justice James F. Quigley.
Senator Coffey has been the chief organizer of
the revolt.
. The regular Democratic managers said yes-

*tday that they were going to carry every As-
bry bly district in the county with the possible
fieeption of the Ninth. Even if Coffey carries
is own Assemnhly district, he wil
Polling his Senate district, unie
Gre also sucessful in the

roceedings, remark-
Appleton waa going
rove his state-

the

 

Seventh assembly

istrict, which is included in it.
a ouncilman William A. Devle is leading the
®ilar forces against Assistant Corporation

Counsel Stapletor
trict, and as the
atic vorers ir

nthe Seventh Assembly dis-
ss than 8.000 Demo-

district the contest has ex-

re are no le

 
   

na, pter s@ interest, and the result, should
ino be beaten, cannot fail to have a depress-
a effe on the Willoughby Street manage-

Mt. Fach side was confidently claiming a

Victory last nigh

Warden Have

of the |} who had long been in control

Of ithe ft) Assembly district, was deposed
n »« 4 to Coffey’s standard, and Com-
Sania erof Jurors Melody was installed in his
cor, , Ha es is a shrewd political warrior
qd the ae A set-back to-day his friends wil

‘ ised
a Ju tice Quigler’s fight against Council-
a 1H ster in the Twentieth district is not re-
nan he 1 venty-firet distriet there is an up-
the regula: Haff against John Maguire,
aveiregue eader, but only personal issues are

MCGUIRE CARRIES SYRACUSE.

He 4
Wilt Controt Eighteen Delegates to the
Democratic State Convention,
SYRAct sy

Guire, of Avg. 27.--Mayor James K. Me-
Bros ad urman of the Democratic State
had at aa mmittee, said to-night that he

ent any letter or telegram objecting

t
MANY way ta the yen

of State Committee letter-

  

  

Cee
ee

fail of con- |
his friends |

| that Mr. Schieren found it impossible to lay

| make this speech, among

| clared his

beads hy

con ex-Senator Murphy He naleao said
® lettar of «

Bigned + ‘ » Warning alleged to have been
‘ y fim 4

Shim ell! Was not written or authorized |

Ser

committer. + r Murphy, as a member of the

‘a eee t right to use its letter-

 
 

 

beads, he dev
Att :
he meeting of the Democratic General
Mayor Met ld here to-day the actions of
mire were unanimously indorsed

ter a sree. ,
oo Speech by Chairman John J. Cummins.
Baries in all wards have been unani-
a r, and he will control the dele-
n Onondaga, Madison, and Cortland
+ Cighteen delegates in all,

Macoln'’s Old Partner Will Speak.

qT t a
oa an mmancial Travellers’ McKinley and
Tener t Club No. 1 of 727 Broadway has ar-
Deed for an

os Naddress to its noon meeti
robe ett |. A. Lituefield of Sprig eld,
ine Gen. tie painer of Abraham Lincoln
4 Paramount Issue Pes SS ee

STATE IS ALL RIGHT.

Republicans Will Poll a Big Vote, Says Chatr-
man Willlam Barnes, Jr.

Willlam Barnes, Jr, chairman of the Re
publican State Executive Committee, left
town yesterday to go to hia home tn Albany,
where he will remain unt after the primaries
to-day, Mr. Barnes has been at his deak in
the State Headquarters at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel continuously since July 1, working on
the preparations for the Republican campaign
in this State, He hasn't had an opportunity
to take many days off and his excursion tofAlbany
will be the firat vacation he has had since he
went to work, During the past two months
Mr. Barnes has canvassed fully one-half of the
counties in the State and bas communicated
with thousands of Gold Democrats to find
out how they intend to vote this year, Most
of them intend to vote for McKinley, it was
said yesterday, Mr, Barnes's work at Repub-
lican State Headquarters has been of a char
acter to make him thoroughly conversant with
the situation in all parts of the State, and be-

fore he went to Albany yesterday he was asked
what his enmes of the outlook waa, Mr,
Barnes 8%

“The first stage of the campaign has come
to a close and, although statements have been
made that the Republicans are apathetic, and
that little work has been done to arouse the in-
terest of the voters, I am in a position to know
that, ln spite of the noise which our friends,
the enemy, have indulged in, the Republican
campaign in this State is to-day thoroughly
organized and equip for the struggle of
the next few weeks. It has not been the
tice of the Republican organization in this State
1o tell what it is = doing, nor is
its record one which makes that necessary. The
Republican party of New York is prepared,
through @ system of organization which has
taken years to perfect, to bring its vote to
the polla. Careful, unprejudiced reports, made
by men instructed to look upon the dark side,
have failed to indicate any Republican, de-
fection from the national ticket worthy of the
name. With the sentiment right, and the
organization competent to get itinto the ballot
box, our friends can ask for nothing more.
A number of dark clouds have been discovered,
but upon investigation they proved to be
composed of wind, not rain.

“Weare not giving out any figures or maki
any predictions regarding the result in this
State at this premature time, but the effective
organtzation of Tammany Hall, combined with
the power which {t possesses because of its hold
upon the city’s administration, will make a
reault in Greater New York similar to that of
1806, when Mr. Strong was Mayor, absolutely
impossible, In the interior of the State, where
the Democracy representa more of a principle
than it does pure bread winntng through poli-
ties, there is a large class of Democrats who are
saying nothing but who are as much opposed
to Mr. Bryanas they wereinis96. To his revo-
lutionary tenets, to them seem{ngly unchanged
since 1894, he has added the policy of surrender
and national dishonor which, to this class o
Democrats, is as offensive aa copperheadiam
was to the war Democrat during the days o
the Rebellion

“From the bi-headquarters of the op
a great many things are announced,
confine our announcements to the
election night.”

rac-

tion
e will
on

 

HOPES OF DEFEATING GOEBELISM.

Good Prospects Also of Carrying Kentacky
for McKinley.

Aug. 27.-John W. Langtry,

 

WASHINOTON,
appointment clerk of the Census Office, has just
returned from a visit to his home in Kentucky
and gives a cheerful account of Republican
prospecta there. He says:

“I was most agreeably surprised to find the
conditions so favorable to the Republican
State ticket. It is the universal opinion of
the Republicans and the Brown Democrats
that there is no foundation for the charge that
there was a conspiracy among the Republican
leadera, as a result of which Mr. Goebel was
assassinated. There are thousands of Demo-
erats who supported Mr. Goebel and who share
in this opinion, and the conviction of Powers,
in whose innocence they have the utmost con-
fidence, has only intensifi d the determination
of the anti-Goebelites to defeat Mr. Beckham
The partisan rulings of the court and the acts
of injustice toward Mr. Powers only add to
this determination

‘I believe that the desperate fight that will be
made against Go-belism will carry the national
ticket, along with Col. Yerkes, although the
latter will get the larger vote may. say.
however that there are many Free Silver
Democrats who under ordinary circumstances
would support Bryan, but who will not do so
this year because of his well-known sympathy
with the Goebel element.”

‘Will not the Goebe! law enable the Demo-
crate to count you oul, Ja tas they have here-
tofore?”

“I do not think so, for the reason that this is
a Federal election, as well as a State election,
which will afford us additional protection.
Not only that, but the intense feeling that has
been engendered among the Republicans and
their allies as a result of the recent trial at
Georgetown is an_ additional security against
fraud. They simply do not intend to have it

“McKinley and Roosevelt will get the elec-
toral vole of Kentucky. Yerkes will be elected
Governor. We will have a Republican majority
in the Court of Appeals and at least four
4epublican Congressmen from the State, I
don't like to speak of politics in connection
with the highest court of our State, but the
Democratic members have been deciding
political questions in the interest of their party
and we feel that we will have accomplished a

reat deal when we have fixed it so they cannot
o that any more.”

 

SCHIEREN WILL NOT RUN.

Gov. Roosevelt Unable to Persuade Him to
Accept Nomination as Lieutenant-Governor,
Gov. Roosevelt came up to town yesterday
from his home in Oyster Bay and had a num-
ber of coriversations with the Republican cam-
paign managers in this city. Gov Roosevelt
has believed that the Hon, Charles A. Schieren,
ex-Mayor of Brooklyn, would make an ex-
cellent candidate for lLieutenant-Governor,
and he and Gen. Francis Vinton Greene, Presi-
dent of the Republican County Committee,
have taken occasion to speak very kindly of
Mr. Schieren, and to say that a ticket on which
appeared the names of Odell and Schlieren
would arouse the utmost enthusiasm through-
out the State. Gov. Roosevelt had a talk with
Mr. Schieren yesterday, and at its conclusion it
was announced that Mr. Schieren had refused
absolutely to be
Mr. Schieren said
Iam not a candidate for Lieutenant-Gov-
ernor or for any other office, and I have just
told Gov. Roosevelt so. | made this answer
absolute in reply to hile request for me to run.
l am a business man, the head of a large con-
cern, and I cannot afford to accept the nomi-

nation
C10yv

considered as a candidate,

Roosevelt expressed the utmost regret

aside his personal business and become a cab-
diate for Lieutenant-Governor, but his answer
was accepted as final. Gov, Roosevelt called
on Senator Hanna, chairman of the National
Committee, with John Proctor Clarke, whois
to accompany him on his speechmaking tour
through the West, as is also Col, Curtis Guild
of Boston, Gov loosevelt then wernt over
and had a talk and luncheon with Chairman
Odell of the Republican State Committee

Ir was announed yesterday that the Governor
would not be able to make the speech nominating
Mr. Odell for Governor, as he very much wished
te. Various reasons have led him to reach the
conclusion that it would not be best for him to
which is the fact
that he is a candidate for the office of Vice-
President. Gov. Roosevelt will, however, at-
tend the State Convention, and it is expected
that he will make a speech. He will come up
to this city next Friday and be here allday. In
the evening he will go to Albany, and on Satur-
day he will hold a hearing in the matter of the
Gardiner charges. On Sunday he will leave
for Chicago, where he will attend the Labor
Day celebration on Monday.

 

WILL SUPPORT M'KINLEY.

George W. McDonald, Gold Democratic Lead-
er in Indiana, Out for the Repablicans.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug George W. Me-
Donald, secretary of the Gold Standard Demo-
cratic State Central Committees and a nephew
of Joseph E. McDonald, who represented In-
diana in the United States Senate, to-day de-
intention ‘o support President

He said this course was now the
Continuing, he

oo
ee

MeKinley
duty of all gold Democrats
said
“There is nothing in this ery about imperial-
ism to deter gold Democrats from supporting
President McKinley. ‘The imperialistic cry
was raised after the War of the Revolution,
after the War of 1812, against Lincoln in the
latter part of the Civil War and later the cry of
Cesarism was raised against Grant, Every
time it has been without a semblance of founda-
tion, and this time it will scare no thinking
mar. I favor a Government so strong that
there will be no riots, such as have taken place
in our leading cities lately; a Government so
strong that American rights will be protected
wherever the flag floats.”

Mr. McDonald also expressed the belief that
a majority of the gold mocrats will support
McKinley. The State organization, he says,
has no reason for being kept up, as there arn
but two parties in the field. The gold men w
not support Bryan under any tances

 

   
 

———
_—_—_———_—

SHEEHAN A STORM CENTRE.
WRATH OF THE CRORER-MURPRY®
SHREVLINS AIMED MAINLY AT HIM.

Murphy Ridicales the Idea of Sheehan Being
in Erie County tn the Interest of Pare
PoliticeBoth Democratic Factions Pre-
dicting Victory at Primaries To-day,

There was more activity yesterday at the heade
quarters of the Croker-Murphy-Shevlin com-
bine than there was at the regular State Com-
mittee headquarters in the St. James Building,
Mr. Croker, Mr. Murphy, Senator McCarren
and others who believe with them that Comp-
troller Bird 8. Coler ought not to be nominated
for Governor by the Democratic party were
about the hotel all day long. Mr. Murphy was
much interested in the atatement given outin
Buffalo by ex-Lieutanant-Governor Willlam F
Sheehan on Saturday night as to the object of
his visit to that city, Mr. Murphy read the
interview and he said in regard to it:

“I notice Mr. Sheehan says it is well known
that he wil, upport the Kansas City ticket this
year, Whoknowsit? If he is really for Bryan,
why doesn't some one know it? 1 haven't heard
of his offering hia services to the Btate Com-
mittee yet to go on the stump. Mr. Sheehan's
activity at this time means that he wants to
make trouble for the Democratic party. The
claim that Sheehan haa gone to Buffaloto purify
politics there is amusing. 1 do not think his
removal from Buffalo a few years ago waa 60
much regretted or that anybody was holding
on his coat taila to keep him from leaving.
We have no candidate for Governor here and
will have none until the delegates are chosen,
I am for the strongest man, and if Coler were

the strongest I would be for him, but I do not
believe people believe in him.”

Senator rar shy and Mr. Croker both de
nied that they had used any of the State Com-
mittee’s letterhead in preparing communi-
cations which they have sent to up-State Dem-
ocrats, They didn't regard the charge a
very serious one anyhow, but they saidasa
matter of fact they had been using no one’s
letterhead and had been sending out all of their
letters on absolutely plain paper. Mr. Croker
waa Quite exercised over the use of the Amer-
ican flag by the Republican party in campaign
banners. He said that he had noticed that the
Republicans were using the flag with the pic-
tures of McKinley and Roosevelt above it.
“That's what they've been doing,” said Mr
Croker, “They think that they are bigger
than the flag. It ought to be stopped, and it
will be stopped.”

Mr. Croker and Mr. Murphy were very much
elated over a letter which they received from
Thomas W. Cantwell, chairman of the Chicago
Platform Democracy, in regard to the Demo-
cratic factional dispute. Here is a copy of
the letter

“Assurning the controversial tone of the
New York press to fairly describe a condition
of conflict of policy and judgment among prom-
inent men in the Democratic party in this State
as to the best means to conserve the interests
of the party in the State and nation, and this
in advance of the assembling of the delegates
to the next State convention, it will appear to
the organization which I have the honor to
represent that the disturbance is not only a
scandalous usurpation of the delegates’ prerog-
atives, but an unwarrantedexercise of presump-
tion that will naturally consign the usurpers
to that political oblivion which some of them
have earned und been under sentence for since
their traitorous conduct of 1896. These men
muy feel that because the mirror reflecting
their past political perfidy has not been ex-
hibited to them publicly that the recerd has
not been preserved, but in that they are mis-
taken, and, if they persist in the attempt to im-
pose a resented and objectionable leadership
upon an unwilling and outraged party, they
will soon learn the effect of the patiently re-
strained contempt which the party has borne
for these false-pretence manipulators.

“The Chicago platform. Democrats, includ-
ing the Bryan League and silver clubs of New
York State, are with you in. your efforts to
solidify the party to the end that success may
be ensured for the gational ticket, and that
nominations for the several State offices will
he made of men who have the confidence of
the voters and will unite the party. Such
nominees are not to be sought from the ranks
of maleontenta, or ambiguous traders upon
the party’s good name, who have lately been
forced to succumb to overwhelming party
sentiment for the renomination of Mr. Bryan
and the support of the principles for which he
and his party have been fighting.

“The time has arrived tor vigorous action
to be taken against the cheap, ostentatious
self-commissioned lieutenants who des rted
their commands in 1896, who are now trying to
reimpose themselves upon the patriots who
led themselves, and can again, in the great
battle for Democratic victory in 1900,”

Friends of Mr. Murphy and Mr. Croker de-
clared yesterday that ufter ull the fight was
over the Democratic State ticket this fall would
ne headed by the names of John B. Stanchfleld
for Governor and William B. Mackey for I jeu-
tenunt-Governor, This statement was made
with « great deal of positiveness, but with
the qualification that while a political manager
might be quite confident of the situation on
Aug. 27, there was 4 great deal of room for a
change before Sept. 11

Mr. Coler came back from Liberty yesterday,
bringme his family with him At his office
in the Stewart Building, when asked how things
are going, he said The entire question of
my candidacy for the Governorship rests with
the Democratic voters as they will be repre-
rented by the delegates in the State Convention,
If they want me to head the aicket, well and
good; the whole matter is in thelr hands.”

Mr. Coler was asked wheth®r there was any
trith in the story to the effect that he had
sought out an agent of Mr. Croker's and had
informed him that Mr. Croker had misjudged
him in believing that he was not a true Demo-
erat. Mr. Coler replied that he had made no
effort to convey any message to Mr. Croker;
that his position was well understood, and that
he did not think that there would be any ques-
tion of his Democracy, He was asked whether
he had ever done anything to cause Mr. Murphy
and Mr. Croker to suspect the integrity of his
Democracy. “They are the best judges of
that,” said Mr. Coler

All the Democrats in. town are waiting
anxiously for the result of to-day’s primaries,
which will determine, they believe, who is to be
the Democratic candidate for Governor. The
Croker-Murphy-Shevlin combine is confident
that it will carry #4 county a8 against Mr
Coler’s friends, and that it will have Erie county
and Albany county. Mfr. Hill's friends say that
they are going to win out all along the line, and
Mr. Coler's personal friends believe that he will
get at least fifteen delegates in Kings county,

 

TILLMAN MAY LOSE HIS SEAT.

Invites Those Who Oppose Him to Scratch His
Name—Why He May Lose.

Couumpia, 8. C., Aug. Senator Tillman
may be defeated for the United States Senate
in the primary election to-morrow without
having a competitor. When preachers and
others protested against his taking a leading
part in the State campaign and fighting for the
dispensary he announced on the stump and
later declared in unequivocal terms that he
would not permit his name to be voted onby
the Legislature and would retire if in the pri-
mary he did not receive a majority,
Then he invited all opponents to “scratch”
him. It is ascertained that the Baptist and
Methodist preachers in the country have been
making a vigorous fight against Tillman on
their country circuits, Their influence is great
and he will be scratched heavily in the towns,
Aside from this the chief interest in to-mor-
row’s election is in the fight against the dia
pensary. Hoyt, the anti-dispensary candidate
for Governor, will lead in the first primary.

27

BRYAN'S MORAL TREASON,
Gen, Isaac 8. Catlin on the Crime of Those
Who Encourage the Filipinos to Fight.

Owrao, N. Y., Aug. 27.-At the reunion of
the 100th Regiment held here to-day Gen.
IsaacS. Catlin made a speech in which he likened
those who aid the Filipinos by moral support
in their war on Americans to the Tories of the
Revolution and the Copperheads of the Rebel-
lion. He said that no matter how high a man
stood politically he was morally guilty of trea-
son when he promised to go to the aid of the
Filipino it the latter kept on fighting. He
further said that if his son, Capt. Catlin, on duty
in the Philippines, should. lose his life or limb
in an ambuseade of the Filipinos his life or his
blood would rest on the head and the gory
hande of those who urged the Filipinos to fleht
against the Americans. ae

Gen. Catlin was elected District Attorney
of Kings county on the Repubiican ticket a
acore of years ago. After this he became a
Democrat. His speech to-day cleare all doubts
as to his loyal sup yort of the Government
against anti-imperialista in the present cam-
paign.

 

Attack the Trusts,

The Commercial Travellers and Hotel Men’s
Anti-Trust League opened its headquarters in
the Revere Houss yesterday with a noonday
meeting, at which there was a brass band anda
jot of oratory. Pre-ident Franz Miller of the
League wasn't able to be present at_the formal
opening and its Secretary, Harry W. Walker,
feeee a8 en, ontene the weave waich the
league thinks la paramount in the campaign.
Speephes were made by William Walpole Heli
and John M. Quinn directed against the trusts.

THE SUN, TUESDAY, .-AUGU

———

ee meng wenn

wtp: peti

 

 

COLER 1

 

Bedford Democratic Clab Urges His Nomina-
tion for Governor,

The Bedford Democratic Club held a special
meeting in their club room at 1236 Bedford ave-
nue, Brooklyn, last night, and adopted reso-
lutions urging the nomination of Comptroller
Coler for Governor. There were not more
than twenty members present. Comptroller
Coler's portrait was hanging on the wall,
flanked on one side by a large crayon of Rich-
ard Croker and on the other by a picture of
Horough Commissioner John L. Shea, who
was absent. Robert W. Steele presided and
in opening the meeting referred to Comptrol-
ler Coler’s excellent service as a  publio
official.

“Two weeks ago,” said the speaker, ‘‘Mr.
Coler was lukewarm in accepting the high
honor that the people want to thrust upon him.
He said his business was pressing upon himt
and he had no desire to become the candidate
for Governor. I think it no more than right
that we should show him the high regard we

have for him.”

William Brothers than handed up to the chair-
man these resolutions:

“Whereas, An overwhelming ublio senti-
ment demands the nomination of Comptroller
Bird 8. Coler for the office of Governor of the
State of New York; and,

“Whereas, His cour us discharge of the
duties connected with the office of Comptroller
of the city of New York has demonstrated his
honesty, efficiency and capability for holding
public offlee; and,

“Whereas, We, the members of the Bedford
Democratic Club, aside from out petponr’ ad-
miration for our fellow metnber, do firmly be-
lieve that the public sentiment expr
through the columns of the newspapers, from
all sections of the State, and observed by us
among our rsonal acquaintances, guaran:

tees the election of the Hon. Bird 8. Coler, if
nominated, by a large majority; and,
“Whereas, We, like all other loyal o-

erats, hope for and have pledged ourselves
to work for the success of our party in city,
State and nation; therefore, be it

“Resolved, That we do hereby place our-
selves on record in favor of the nomination
of the Hon. Bird 8. Coler for Governor; and

“Reaolved, That we urge upon the leaders
of our party {n this county the wisdom of heed-
ing the voice of the people raised in advocacy
of the nomination of the Hon. Bird 8. Coler;
and that they use every influence and endeavor
to the end that he may be the choice of the
Democratic State Convention to meet at Sara-
toga on Sept. 11, thereby taaartag 6 qomous
victory for the Democratic party in s State
at the polla next November.

Rufus L. Scott said he thought the resolutions
were proper to adopt. He said that in 1874
Samuel J. Tilden waa elected Governor by over
60,000 majority, The people at that time de-
manded Tilden justas the people were demand-
ing Coler now.

Bird S. Coler,” said Mr. Scott, “is the Samuel
J. Tilden of 1900, Its true he had not the ex-
perience of Tilden, but he has fulfilled all our
expectations. The leaders here have the
opportunity of their lives. They have the chance
of putting themselves at the head of the pure
Democracy of this State. Coler is the strongest
man that can be nominated and can be elected
if any Democrat can be.”

The resolutions were adopted by a rising
vote,

SIX WEEKS’ TOUR FOR BRYAN.

 

Probable That He Will Spend That Much Time
on the Stump.

Lixcouy, Neb., Aug. 27.—There is little doubt
that Mr. Bryan will devote the last six weeks
of the campaign to almost continuous work
upon the stump. Although he will not dis-
cuss his plans, he is making all haste to get rid
of his literary work and is now endeavoring
to have his time free for doing as he pleases
after the middle of September. Part of Octo-
ber will be spent in the East. There will prob-
ably be four or five speeches in New England,
and New York, New Jersey and Maryland will
be visited. Bryan has requests for many more
speeches than he could possibly make, and his
chief diMfculty lies in supplying the demand.

Visitors from out of town are few in number
these days, and Mr. Bryan finds time to work
uninterruptedly, To-day he devoted almost
exclusively to his mail. His principal steno-
«rapher is ill and the letter of acceptance has
to wait.

In the years that Mr. Bryan has been speaking
fromthe rear platforms of trains, or from
shaky, hastily constructed pine platforms
to acres of people, pronunciation has suf-
fered a curious and doubtless unconscious de-
generation, The words that suffer most are
the common ones. Whether repetition and
the conditions of outdoor speechmaking have
caused the change is uncertain, but he says
*Pe-pul,” ” ub-lik-cunz, ” “bat-tuls,* — all
pPonounced with a strong accent on the last
syllable. “Mv friends” has been corrupted to
“Mutt frenns,"and the free coinage of silver
at the ratio of 16 to 1, without waiting for the
aid or consent of any other nation to“the free
coin-naudge of silver at the ratioof 16 tol,
without wait’n for the ald or cunesent of any
other nashup,” with the last word heavily ac-
cented on the last syllable.

Part of Mr. Bryan's time to-day was taken
upinan unsought task to settle some differences
between the pastor and the elders of the First
Presbyterian Church, of which Mr. Bryan
is a leading member. The elders are nearly
all university professors and they accuse the
pastor, the Rev. Mr. Hindman, of worldliness,
while the pastor says the professors hold to
doctrines which are contrary to the Presby-
terian creed, his opposition to the expression
of which has angered them

 

TO CAPTURE NEGRO VOTES.
Alleged Scheme to Get the Afro-American
Council to Indorse Bryan.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 27.—The National Afro-
American Press Association is meeting here in
annual session, to be followed to-morrow by
the meeting of the National Afro-American
There are indications that the Demo-
erata will undertake to capture and secure
an indorsement of Bryan, The leaders of the
meeting say that the council is designed for the
elevation of the negro race and that polities

should have no proce in it, but the colored men
in this city who have been supporting the Demo-
eratic ticket are holding secret meetings and
are counselling with the delegates with a view
to securing an indorsement of the national
Democratic ticket.

Some of the delegates also charge that J.
Milton Turner of Missouri, Henry A. Taylor of
lowa and Frederick Magee of Minnesota will be
here at the meeting and that these men are
coming for the avowed purpose of turning the
council into a ponies body. The Republi-
cans among the delegates say that they want to
avoid any frietion and will not take any politi-
cal action whatever if left alone, but if a fight
is brought on McKinley, and not Bryan, will be
indorsed

Council,

TOM DUNN SEES COLER.

The Former Sheriff Has a Private Talk With
the Comptroller.

J. L. Freune, E. 8. Egerton and Bartley J.
Wright, members of a committee representing
the recently organized Franchise Tax and
Municipal Ownership League, called on Comp-
troller Coler yesterday and formally notified
him that he was their choice for Governor and
that the 6,000 members who had been enrolled
by the league since its organization on Aug.
18, would work for his nomination at the Demo-
cratic State Convention. ;

The Comptroller thanked the committee-
men and assured them that he would_gocept
if nominated. There is to be a meetinget the
league to-morrow night at the Sturtevant
House and the Comptroller has been invited.

Mr. Coler had nothing to say about the po-
litical situation yesterday. He had a talk
with former Sheriff Dunn after the delegation
from the Franchise Tax League left him.

Stone Starts for New York,

St. Lovis. Mo., Aug. 27.—Ex-Gov. William J.
Stone left for Chicago to-night on his way to
New York to take command of the Democratio
campaign in the East.

 

The Great
Objection

Many persons have to using a

Gas range is the supposed in-
crease in the cost of fuel.

And yet from statistics of 262

consumers living in different
parts of the city, in apartments
renting from 35 to 50 dollars per
month, and who do all their
cooking with Gas, it appears that
the average cost per consumer,
per month, was $1.96 !

 

a a
SS SSS SSS
ee

-

 

PATRIOTISM OF ITS PEOPLE ASSURES
THAT, JUDGE HOLT SAYS.

 

Besides, the General Prosperity and the Good
Prices for Crops in the West Are Very
Potent Argaments tn Favor of Contina-
ing the Present Administration in Power,

Judge William G. Holt of Kansas City, Kan.,
called at Republican National Headquarters
yesterday. Judge Holt was a good deal amused
over the expreasions of astonishment uttered
by some of the other callers at headquarters
because of the unenthusiastic receptions which
Mr, Bryan has met during his campaign in
the West. He said that nobody who lived in
that part of the country in which Mr, Bryan
was now travelling was at all astonished, be-
cause it had been very well known for a long
time that there was very little enthusiasm
among the prosperous farmers and working-
men for the free silver candidate,

“While the people of Kansas do not think
McKinley made their good crops, they do be-
lieve his administration has had much to do
with the prices they have received for the
crops. The people of Kansas furnished three
regimenta of white soldiers and one regiment
of negro soldiers for the Spanish war. The
first principle of the Kansan is patriotism;
whatever else may carry him away, he is still
a patriot. The Kansans are loyal to the Gov-
ernment. They furnished the fighting Twen-

tieth Regiment, which distinguished itself
in the 5 raalnespes. They are naturally ex-
ansionists, ake the ansas farmer for

nstance. If he has 160 acres of land he works
to acquire the adjoining 160 acres if he can get
it. They came to Kansas because they were
tied up in the Fast, and wanted to get away
and expand themselves; so they believe in it.

A great many Silver Kepublicans will vote
fer McKinley this year Men of local fame
and of State fame in great _nunoers have de-
serted Bryan's standard. In one township a
recent canvass showed 150 men who voted for
Bryan in 1406 and who will vote for McKinley
next November. This poll was made by the
State Central Committee, and the Auneaa (tty

ournal afterward took pains to verify it and
found it absolutely correct, and furthermore
published an analysis of the canvass and ex-
plained the reasons for the changes.

“We regard Bryan in the West as a Popu-
list and not as a Simon-pure Democrat. two
years ago we elected a Republican Governor

y 16,000 majority, and we will carry the State
this year by at least 20,000, The Democrats
count on Kansas as a stronghold on account
of a close fusion between the antj-Republican
forces, but we have had a good clean Repub-
lican administration and nobody can justly

criticise any of its acts. A great
many Silver Republicans and Popu-
lists that were formerly Republicans are

turning back. They will not listen to the cry
of imperialism or other false issues. One of
the strongest points with the people there is
that four years ago Mr Bryan, in ris Western
speeches particularly, made predictions which
have all proved false. This fact has been
brought home to the people and they by actual
experience no longer place faith in his prophe-
cies. We are aatisfied with things as they are
now, and I believe that the people of Kansas
contented and happy as they are, will not vote

to disturb the present conditions brought
Snous by President McKinley's Administra-
on.

The Hon. Joseph H. Manley ts going to re-
turn to his home in Maine to-morrow or next
day to close up the State campaign there which
ends with the election on Sept. 10. Mr. Man-
ley said yesterday that he hadn't the faintest
doubt that the election would turn out very fa-
vorably to the Republican party. After election
day he will come back to this city and remain
here until the national election

 

LAST FLING AT SHEEHAN,

Goodwinites Meet and Denounce Him on the
Eve of the Primaries.

The Horatio Seymour Tammany Club, which

{s the Goodwin-Smith headquarters in the

Ninth district, held a final raliv last night at

its clubhouse, 298 and 295 Eighth avenue.
There was a large attendance Frank
J. Goodwin made a speech in which he

paid particular attention to John C. Sheehan
and Coroner's Physician Hamilton Williams. He
referred to Dr. Willlams as “that blatherskite
Wiliams,” and said that Chief of Police Devery
had nothing to do with the fight for supremacy
in the Nfnth district. “After the primaries
John C. Sheehan will be done forever as a poli-
tician,” said Mr. Goodwin, who also advised
the voters to keep quiet, avoid liquor and go
to the primaries early to-day.

Former Judge Edward. Browne @liso ad-
vised the voters to be orderly and assemble
earls He told them to work unceasingly on
behalf of Mr. Goodwin

Tom Smith, who with Mr. Goodwin ts con-
ducting the fight against John C. Sheehan,
said he was bitter against Mr. Sheehan be.
cause he was working against Democracy and
Tammany Hall. “Don't be intimidated to-
morrow,” said Mr. Smith, “by Sheehan and
his gang This isa fight by Sheehan against
Tammany Hall. The Democracy of this dis-
trict is too strong to be driven by any one man
from Buffalo to vote against/Tammany Hall.”

The following resolution was adopted unan-
imously

Resoired,That the members of the Horatlo Seymour
Tammany Clubof the Ninth Assembly district note
with much satisfaction the good work done for the
Democratic party by the National Association of
Democratic Clubs) We congratulate its president,
Willlam R. Hearst, upon the success of his unceas-
ing labor in the cause of Democracy

Afterthe meeting Mr. Smith said
8to 1 shot that Goodwin would win
primaries.

William J. Kennedy, clerk in the Ninth mu-
nicipal court, will try at the primaries to-day
to defeat Isaac A. Hopper for the Democratic
leadership in the Thirty-first Assembly dis-
trict Hopper. defeated Commissioner of
Jurors Charles Welde last year and for awhile
Welde felt bad about it, but now he is among
Hopper's best wishers. Kennedy asserts
that Hopper is not an ideal Tammany Hall
leader, and tells the Democrats of the aistrict
that if they will cive him a chance he will show
them how it should be run. One of Hopper's
supporters said last night that Kennedy's
followers were afew soreheads whose weak-
neas would be exposed at the polls to-day.

it wasa
at the

PRIMARY ROLES PADDED.

Eighteen Names Stricken Off in the Seventh
District by Order of Justice Mattice,

Argument was made before Supreme Court
Justice Mattice in Brooklyn yesterday on the
application of Councilman William A. Doyle,
the Democratic leader of the Seventh Assembly
district, to have the names of a number of
persons stricken from the Democratic primary
rolls on the ground that they were put there
fraudulently. President Bernard J. York of
the Board of Police Commissioners said that
the Police Commissioners were the custodians
of the primary rolls, but that they had no knowl-
edge that these names were fraudulent. He
said there was also a question whether the
Police Board had the right to strike the names
from the rolls
+ Lawyer Charles H. Hyde, counsel for Mr.
Dovle, said that the names were fraudulent,
that he had the affidavits of the men whose
names appeared that they did not live at the
places given and had not asked or given per-
mission to have their names put on the rolls

Upon the statement of Mr. Hyde, Justice
Mattice granted the order compelling the
Police Board to strike the names from the
rolls, Eighteen specific cases were mentioned
by counsel, although he contended that there
were fully 300 fraudulent names on the rolls
in the Seventh and Ninth Assembly districts,
In the latter district it is alleged that Senator
Michael J. Coffev's friends have put fraudu-
lent namea on the rolls in order to aid him in
his fl@ht against Boiler Inspector William
O'Donnell to-day

Lawyers working in the interest of Council-
man Doyle and Boiler Inspector O'Donnell
have secured from Magistrate Steera eighty
warrants for the arrest of persons who may
try to vote illegally at the primaries to-day.

he charge is made that In Senator Coffey's
istrict the rolls have been padded with the
names of men who are not citizens and with
young men who are not of age.

THEIR PLATFORM IN VERSE.

Republicans of Mitchell County, Kan., Defend-
ers of the Flag.

TopeKA, Kas., Aug. 27..-The Mitchell county
Republican Convention to-day gave the com-
mon enemy a new kind of platform to think
over. After declaring that Gen. Prosnerity was
making his headquarters in Mitchell county,
this poem was adopted as the balance of the
platform:

We stand by the Flag of Our Country,
And Its defenders stand by the flag.
Its stripes have streamed In giory
To foes a fear, to Friends a festal robe,
And spread in rhythmic lines the sacted story
Ot Freedom's triumphs over all the globe.

Alleged Shoplifter Had Laudanam tn Her
Pocket.

Mrs. Alloe Elliott, 39 years old, of Croton on
the Hudson, was arrested yesterday alternoon
in the Siegel-Cooper Company store on a charge
of shoplifting. She was accused of taking $8.88
worth of trinkets. When Mrs. Elliott was
searched at the West Thirtieth street police sta-
tion a half empty vial of laudanum was found. |

 

TRADE MARK

Small Steel Capsules Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas,

The troubles of people put on a milk diet are ameliorated by
SPARKLETS. Life and fizz make the milk far more agreeable to

the taste, and the carbonic acid
gas renders it more easy of diges-
Besides, milk so treated
keeps fresh a long time without

tion.

ice,

Mineral tablets and fruit syrups furnished.

Pint bottles, $1.50 upwards.

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 upwards.

Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

 

All Druggists.

Write for Booklet.

  
 

 
 

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way &

QBITUARY.

 

Gen. William A. Morris, who died Sunday at
North Long Branch, N. J., after an illness of
several months, gained his title in the United
States Army instead of the Confederate Army
as reported yesterday. He was born Sept.
22, 1827, in New York city and was the only son
of George P. Morris, the journalist and poet.
He was graduated from the United States
Military Academy at West Point in 1851 and for
four years served as Lieutenant on garrison
and frontier duty. During the War of the Re-
bellion he engaged in the defence of Wash-
ington; was assistant Adjutant-General on
the staff of Gen. J. J. Peck in the Virginia
peninsular campaign and participated in the
siege of Yorktown and the battles of Wi lliams-
burg and Fair Oaks. In September, 1862, he
distinguished himself as Colonel of the Sixth

New York Artillery and on Nov, 29, 1862, he was
Promoted to Brigadier General, | hited States
olunteers. In the campaign of 1863 he en-
aged in seven battles besides the Battle of the
Vilderness. In an action near Spottsylvania,
May 9, 1864, he was wounded and retired from
active service to become amember of the Courts
Martial and Military Commissions. March
13, 1865, he was brevetted Major-ceneral of
United States Volunteers for gallant and mer-
jtorious services in the Battle of the Wilderness,
Gen. Morris was assistant editor of the New
York Home Journal from 1854 to 1881 He was
the inventor of a conical repeating carbine and
the author of a system of infantry. tactics.
He leaves a wife, a sister of ex-Gov, Jonn T
Hoffinan, and one son

William H. Cook, editor of the Milford Jour-
nai and President of the Republican Faitorial
Association of Massachusetts, died at his home
in Milford, Mass., on Sunday of cancer of the
face. He was born in Bennington, V1t., Jan. 7,
1843, and at the age of 9 years learned to set
type in the office of the Vermont State Banner,
of which his father and uncle were the pro-
prietors. When 16 years old he was admitted
fopartnershipand becameoneofthe editors
of the paper. Im 1872 he went to Milford and
bought out the Milford Weekly Journal and ea-
tablished a daily under the same name He
served in the lower branch of the Massachusetta
Legislature during 1876 and 1877, and in 18095
was elected to the State Senate. During his
career in the Legislature he was a bitter op-
yonent to the lobby and an opponent of Civil
Service reform. @ was the father of the
presen’ libel law of Massachusetts and was
argely responsible for ita passage, after a
bitter fight of two gears. e@ was a founder
of the Republican Mditorial Association. He
is survived by a widow

Edward Schreiber, Assistant City Treasurer
of Hoboken, died yesterday in Christ Hospital
Jersey City, where he was removed sever
weeks ago suffering from cancer of the throat.
He was born in Cassel Hassen, Germany, in
1839 and came to this country in 1855 He
served in the Civil War in the Fighth i-
ment, New York Volunteers, attaining the
rank of Becond Lieutenant. He had been As-
sistant City Treasurer of Hoboken since 1874.
A widow, one son and three daughters survive
him

Dr. Ernst Schmidt died at his residence in
Chicago on Sunday. He was for more than
forty years one of the foremost physicians of
the city, having been at the head of the con-
sulting staff of the Alexian Brothers Hospital
for several years. He also had acted in the
same capacity for the Michael Reese Hospital,
the individual supervision of which had been
intrusted to him by the founder, He was born
on March 2, 1830, in the village of Ebern, Ba-
varia,

Charles H. Waterhouse, head of the dpiryt
department of the New Hampshire College 2
Agriculture and the Mechanic Arts, died on
Sunday evening at his residence in Durham,
N.H., of cancer. He had been with the college
for three years. He was the son of Joseph
Waterhouse of Barrington, Vt., and was born
there Sept. 17, 1836.

John J. Landwehr, a wealthy gardener of
Jersey City, died at his home, 187 Oukland
avenue, on Sunday. He was 60 years old and
was born in Germany. He formerly lived tn
New York and was twice President of the Platt-
deutache Volkstest Verein He leaves u widow,
one son und two daughters,

Willlam A. Fletcher, who twenty years ago
was a well-known yacht builder of Hobokan,
died at his home, 52 Congress street, Jersey
City, on Sunday, of apoplexy. He was born
on Staten Island and was 83 yeurs old. He
leaves one dauchter,

 

John Y. McKane's Mother Dead.

Mrs. Martha Young McKane, mother of the
late John Y. MeKane, died on Sunday night
at her home at East Thirty-fifth street and
Shore road, Sheepshead Bay. She was boro
in Ireland in 1823 and came to this country
with her husband forty-five years ago. He
waa a farmer and died several years ago. He
was the founder of the Sheepshead Bay Metho-
dist Episcopal Church and Mrs. McKane was
an active member of the society. Two sons,
James and Theodore McKane, and five grand-
children survive her.

25th St., N. Y. City.

FAITH CURE DIDN'T WORK,

 

 

Woman Christian Sctentist Taken te a How
pital Sick and Raving.

A man who said his name was Fuller called
up Police Headquarters on the telephone last
night and informed the police that there was
an insane woman in a boarding house at 18
Weat Forty-fifth street. The East Fifty-firet
Street station was notified and a patrol wagon

was sent around to that address. At the house
the police were informed that their
assistance was not needed. Shortly

after this a man approached Policeman Mehrer,
who was standing in front of Delmonico’s a
asked him to have an insane woman removed
from the same address to Bellevue Hospital.
Mehrer summoned an ambulance from the hoe
pital, With the assistance of two doctors he
‘ot the woman, who was violent, into an am-
ulance and she was taken to the hospital.

The people at the boarding house said the
woman was a Mias Myra Andrews and that
she was a dressmaker, She had been ill, they
said, for a week and for twenty-four hours
her mind had been wandering. According
to the boarding-house people Miss Andrews
was a Christian Scientist and refused to take
medicine. Last night she was with difficuilty
restrained from doing harm to herself.

 

RETRACTS HIS ARSON CONFESSION,

Police Now Want to Hear From Novotny's
Wite How Their Rooms Got Afire.

Frank Novotny, the tenant of 234 East
Seventy-sixti: street, who on Sunday morning
confessed to the Fifth straet police that he had
started the fire that occurred in his home earlier
in the day, told an entirely different story when

arraigned in the Yorkville police court yester-
day morning. He said that the fire had started
through the explosion of an oil stove.

The detectives who were at work on the case
thought that if Mre. Novotny were found she
could explain how the fire occurred. She he
been seen standing on the fire escape while ha
fire was blazing. Magistrate Meade defer ed
the neorme until to-day and held Novo pay
in $5,000 bail.

Mrs. Novotny was arrested last night ora
warrant issued by Fire Marshal Peter Secry
charging her with having helped to cause he
fire. She was locked up in the East Sixge
seventh street police atation.

 

Saloon Quarrel Ends in Victim's Death.

Joseph McClusky, who has been confined fn
the Yorkville prison since Aug. 2 charged with
felonious assault, will be turned over to the
Coroner to-day. Charles Gerry of 885 Eas
Thirty-third street, whom he is accused of
stabbing, died in Bellevue Hospital vesterdar,
The stabbing occurred at the opening of a
Second avenue saloon. The men in the saloon
had divided themselves into two groups, one
calling itself the “champagne crowd” and the
other the “beer crowd.” The quarrel between
cen? and McClusky grew out of this distino-
on,

Wants His Pay for Selling a Gold Mine,

Papers were filed yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court in a suit brought by Emile
Clare, a French citizen, against John N. Popham
for $318,750, alleged to be due him as half of a
commission on the sale of a gold mine in Costa
Rica The defendant sold the property to a
West Virginia corporation atyling itself the
Costa Rica Union Mining Cormpany
commission received was 637,500 shares o
stock of we igeey at : par value of $1
per share. are says that Popham has never
paid him his half,

Bridge Motor Car Jamps the Track.

The motor car, attached to a4 Bridge train,
Jumped the track while rounding the ourve
near the Brooklyn end of the structure about
2:50 o'clock yesterday morning. The car

bumped along the track for,near|ly twenty feet
before itcametoa stop. There were on aix
passengers in the car, two being women er

all got » bad shaking up and one of them is said
to have recéived a cut over the eye,

R. B. Molineux’s Maternal Grandfather Dead,

MIDDLETOWN, N. Y¥., Aug ~George T.
Clark, grandfather of Roland RB. Molinenx
on his mother's side, died in this city on Sunday
night in his elghty fifth year. We had been
a resident of Middletown since his marriage
four years age to Mrs. Frances F. Mills, widow
of James H. Mills, a surgeon of the army during
the Civil War

27

Court Calendars This Day.

Appellate Division —Supreme Court Receas,

Supreme Court- Special Term —Part 1. —Motion
calendar called at 10.50 A. M. Part Il. Ex-parte
matters

Surrogate's Court -Chambers
of Charles Kerrigan, James A

For probate— Wills
Dennison, Christian

Bruckel, Henry Haulem, Julia A. Grant, at 10:80
City Court--Speeial Term Courtopens at !0 A. M;
~Motions.

WHAT IS THE USE

Of wearing your waists into holes, tearing the trimming and stretching the whole thing
out of shape by trying to get along with the old-fashioned hooks?

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

The

THE HOOK OF 1900.

CLOSED by a Touch.

OPENED by a Pull.

Closes easily by a touch without stretching over, cannot catch in lace or trimming
of any kind, never breaks or pulls out of shape, is unfastened when desired by a slight

pull,

Ideal for plackets and waists closing on the shoulder or at under arm seams.

‘*THE SNAP DOES IT.”
If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cents for a sample card. Say whether

white or black.

SNAP HOOK AND EYE CO., 377 B’way, N. Y. City.