——-

ee

4 .
a PR iS -

THIRE SHOOTS A JANITOR. |

| Complalot of Larceny

WOMWAN SAVS A DETECTIVE SHOWED |
TUR WHITE PEATHER AND PLED, |

Warglae Was Asitetant to the Man Me Shot

—He Hasn't teen Caught Likely to Prove
b @ Murder-Confiicting Stortes Told Aboot
| Detective Joho UM. Walsh's Partin the Affair,

Mra. Frank A. Gundlach, the wife of a drug-
@ist, was awakened at 4o'clock pesterday morn
ing Oy anoise in the kltohen of thelr apartments being
on the second floor of the fathouse at 160 Wert
10th etreet. She awakened her husband by
pcrearning and ran into the hall. Moon fully
fifty night-gowned tenante were looking for
burglars, Mr. Gundlach ran inte the hall and
shouted that he had seen the burglar going out
of the kitchen window and down the fre-escape | the
Thia caused a fresh panic among the other tens | A

at $12,000, when they
Jefferson Market pollee court

cute the palr. lawyer P. if

fended them
prisoners bale filled — the
representative of

to his or her particular room, Mr. Gundlach
hurried to the etreet and returned with Police |
nan Larue of the West 100th street etation. | sarees Pd pn
oti oon ) u
Lariie searched the house, but eould find no | more, the Wagnar

trace of the burglar, A pile of eilrerware in) the Amerign News Company,
© Gundlachs’ kitchen and an open window | said, however, that there were

an ved that a thief had been at work, however. | of fifty complainants
\bout 11 o'clock yesterday tmornoing acting
Captain Kemp of thea Wet
sent Detective John M. Walsh atound to see
Mrs. Gundlach. He questioned her about the
borwlary and when he found he could lear
nothing new he went to the basement and t alked
with Jforton A. Bryant, the Janttor of the bulld-
fig Bryant suggested that they makea search
of (he unrente! flate and of the flats that were
close | because of the familina betng away for
the summer. ‘This was done, but no trace of
the burglar was Then Hryant
pointed out to the detective that the rear walls

to deliver the goods,
NeCONBATY,

eured the $12,000
giaseware arrived at Haledon ac

: three barrels, The detectives found
clacoveral
‘hen they hunted up mith,
fat bull ings nearest the corner and

of (he two { $3,600 a year froin him

sriin " . putt ) hi v i , me ee
fronting on Amsterdam avenue abutted on the | paved smith about the three barrels of @iase-
court of the house In which they were ware and he is sald to have replied that he

“The burglar could have etepped from the

fire-escape of thia house to the fire-escape on

  

 

those flute,” ha said. “Lam Janitor of them, | jice Headanarters,
and wo had better search the unoccupied fats | The police say that Kornfeldt bas never
. heen employed by Smith, but was the conti+
there. : ss : 4 one of the houses | dential clerk of V.D. Salmon, who until recently
Walah and Ir ut meee x pS - “want in the | kent a large market and grocery store at 334
ond found noting | a es hy ra at *. | Past 109d street. Halon Bought goods trom
other house \< i Pht GUEST " Twholesale houses on similar doubtful credit,
Bry aut wail to the ie A of * before, but jt ts } the polle® assert, and then left the eount
i had BOs Ve ee ws aan ataut. Andrew | Gallagher has been charged with having o
mighty strane ut omy ' “ } tained under false pretences liquor valued ut

Cogeer, haa not showed up. tle usually ia
rk before fam, but he lasn't been around

 

 

 

  

at «wi } nt &? joaver atreet The polfce say he is a
tow day at looking man Is he?” asked | Dfothersinslaw of George Towan alias Leprell,
W ivi kind of @ looking man ish who, on the plea of opening a departinent store
the detect ma old, smooth face, blue evog | Af Peekah!! last June, obtained large quantiiies
: About 25 Years Oy, Sm { Bryant. “Why | Of merchandise from cenlers in this city
and mediuin e burglar?” | Lao Schlesinger, Preetdent of the Mechanica
do youl Ask { ti ' wt ‘ ” shed nt the idea | and Traders’ Rank at Broadwat and Broome
Walsh anc Hu ‘a ied ’ tof stairs, | Streets, «ald vesterday that within a few weeks
a a bat ae e of the apartments Gallagher came to him and endeavored to obs

th hie family Ia away | fain aloan of from #5,000 to $19,000,

maimed in the hail
rooms toward tho

of Frank Tierney, %
for the Ssumuner
nd Waish &

  
    
   

itehen, the security, Mr. Sehlesinge !
‘ ” ocwer. ¢ minty ‘ Be Soe . $ ilesinger colle
Jo a moment At «re WS r or, the a . Nene reason why aman should offer a bonts upon
Janttor, cal rr ut ine te i bo eo ont ad a | raw al k, whieh is eonsidered good sectrity,
pli inl ¢ his . ak Rr he tenmw thu mit ita he | He became suspicious and refused
pistol in his hand. ’ agree : the louwn
ley weer W the burglar and afape | ”
Al Mt? ; T i ; red his oer vee fice | ha sreled wore seoutliy for ab gonde,
ane at Bry int tw the shote went wild, | in at Pr veaterda 1 7 >
but the other three strack Bryant's throat and | rated vise, 000) ane aes "
Noo the floce crving “Murder!” j ’ 000, and they were both my
he fell to the : ) Thie case is all emoke amd no_ fire,

Cogger ran down the staira to the basement
and then turned into the court. As he was

oing out of the delivery entrances on Armsters | .
Sam avenue he ran into an employee of the | ASAHst rie -
American Ice Company named Power

“Hello, Andy,” said the iceman, “where are
you going in such_a hurry?” :

“Let me paaa,” gasped Cogger, “Bryant's
been shot and Tam hurrying for a doctor,”

Power stepped aside and Cogger ran along
Amsterdam avenve to 106th street, when he
turredand ran east, That's the Inst the police
have heard of him

In «pite of his wounds, Bryant managed to

roene, T never was on tral

Charch Postpooed.

Street African Methodist Chureh,

In tae ' Cet, as orn BO, ainted. wale non, who had been deposed by the pastor, the
dil iv ons his aaniatance Walsh reports } Rey. J, M. Henderson. When Mr. Henderson
this en he heard the shooting he went out | @ftived he found about twenty-fve members
on the tire eacape, descended to the goor be- oe op pcens fas a thale citiveaa patased te
low, and ran {nto the hall, hoping to head off | Cf the church. As their attitude seemed to

¢ . Mr. Henderson to be anything but. friendly,

jie also reported that he had not
Mrs, Gundlach tells

Coauer
fee Coceer in the flat,
a different story,
“About twenty utes after the detective
called to see me this morning,” she eald to a
BUN reporter, “f heard pistol ehote, and then
fn « very short thme I heard some one trying to

Aa meeting

he left by the rear door,
While the men on the etoo

for the doors to open, Jacob Brown,

e, ant an eves bot, rushed 6 ue dee President of the Board of Trustees, and Na-

was there, and to our surprise we found the Spang een, woe va standing inside a
tect , .| chiureh gate, started a discussion on the chu

fame detective who had called only a few min- | Senubles e hich ended ina fat faht. ‘The nolles

 

utes before. IT asked him what ae was doing
there, and he said that he had found the burglar
ina tiatinone of the Anwterdam avenue houses,
nd that the burglar d covered him with
fi. pistol and had for im to climb down the
ire-eacape to reach a place of safetr. I thought
t was very funny for a policeman to act
bin 1 said nothing and my maid helped to pull

up the fight and dispersed the crowd.

 

fm through the narrow window. Then he Merchant, Dies in Agony,

urried out of the house.”

Walsh tele hoged to acting Captain Kemp
that the burglar had ehot the janitor and was
souiewhere On the block. Kemp and thirty

»licemen surrounded the block and made a} Fast
horovgh search, but of course didn't find
Cog@er, who by that time was probably at his
ooms in East 108th street, near Becond avenue,

n the meantime a hunt was being made for
Bryant. He was floally found in his own rooma
and an ambulance was summoned from tho
J. Hood Wrtaht Hospital. At the hospital it
was said that his wounds were probably mortal,

Acting Captain Kent sald last night that he was
sure Mrs. Gundlach waa mnistaken about Walsh's
having climbed down the fire escape in an
effort to get away from a burglar with a re-
volver,

“ite has an excellent record,” sald the captain,
“and haa been Capt. Schmittberger'a most
trusted detective for over five years. He
never ehowed himself a coward, and I can. A BOY STEALS 850.
not believe that he has etarted at this late day.” nanan

iter In the day {it developed that the Qund-
lacks had heen robbed of $150 worth of allyer
Acting Captain Kemp found it hidden in the
Plano in the Tierney flat.

148th street, of mushroom

near his store,
violent pains, and Dr. P. J.
tended

eltizens in qh Bronx,
in 1893, but h

He was_a member of the
Club in The Bronx, and also of the

He was 48 years old and a bachelor.

 

 

Moys Helped Him Spend It.

 

THE KNIGHT-BALFOUR SCRAP. charge of burglary.

Law Sulit as the Result of the Fist Fight in
the Quaker City National Rank.

Cinctwnath Ohio, Aug. 27.~+As a sequence
to a fist fight in the directar’s room of the
Quaker City National Bank, at Philadelphia
Manager H. 8. Smith of the Jones Brothers prarburion avenue on Saturday night
Publishing Company of Cincinnati has directed | D¢'# 2d Clacer were
his attorneys, Drausin Wulsin of Cincinnati gompanied Kegel an

bere,
‘The three hove were arrested (n

clous characters

the other boys were paroled

tute criminal proceedings against Alexander

alfour, a Philadelphia millionaire paper manu-
‘acturer, who was ao badly worsted by Smith's
representative, Henry W. Knight of Now York
ue he is now in be :

 

night ls a member of the New York pub-
lishing Orm_o Eng t & Brown, and win "ten.
nerly one of the heac men atthe Met odist Book
pavorn in New ¥ rk Balfour
e Historical Publishing Company, which
wpe t ated foor ysare ago for $150,005 and tn
which. Smith was lar nterested. §
was dissatiafied with a don amuth
assignee, and sent Knight to deman e
counting ane - 0 asic Pelpur abet “an
eget rjured stateme fore
ayes, Campbell of Philadetp! we, Si aces
mith's esta whic worth about $150,000,
four is sald to pare sworn that be hed no | Joicing.

nent to buy in Smith's estate at auction
emroees f ’
men sed th “Peltor : ee agree-| wONT SEND mM
h our met at the
Bank on last Friday and in thy eater oy
yoreanen = hens that Smith had
u agains
At that Balfour fp aald to have stmok tae rt
in the face and cal! @name, Then Knight

turned in and th 6
physician's care is n

With Great Fathusiasm,

with prolonged cheers

great reception

Creameries After Sept. 1.

ers of this region

 

KENTUCKY EXTRA SESSION.

 

Legislature to Meet To-day to Consider Changes oo
fa the Goebel Law.

Frangrort, Ky. Aug. 27—About half of the
Representatives and Senators of the Ken-
tucky General Assembly arrived here to-night
in antictpation of the extra seusion to-morrow
called to amend, modify or repeal the Goebel
election law. Under the call of Gov, Beckham
only one subject oan be considered, the Goebel

meeting was he

yoare. At Norwich an
ormed to go Into effact on Sept. 12.

 

election law has been the source of moa

political disturbances occasioned In the State
#éislators arriving bring with them all forms | wil!>
of modifications up to absolute repeal of the

eave her son from arrest

lay. sctive Titus's o "9 wer
The Democratio caucus to consider amends svevpowered the Gama rd ott
nents will not be called for several days yet
he Republican members will probably ‘an- howerts
nounce their polley in caucus to-morrow even-
ing. To a man they purpose to fight any
sndments to the present law, being deters
ed to, if possible, wipe the Goebel election
w off the statute book and enact an entire
ew law. In this they are supported by the
wa Pemoorats in the two branches, ”

w ‘emocratic members gener: , ,
the enactment into a law of the Treon ih
of last winter proposing to remove the party
devices from the ballot. They think a clause
providing for the marking of the ballote of
Iiterate voters would make the hill 4 fair one

# Maas Of bills to be presented all tend toward

carpus @inuatus

Park landscape gardener, several

The flowers are red

Drowned While Hathing.

boards and the sel
Snuhl putabeas mee of election of
the x parties,

the lists procsnted te | Avenue, Bath Beach, last
| drowned, Ris body was rego

 
     

GALLAGHER AND HIS PAL HELD.

Taken Against the
Pair—'' It's All Smoke,’ Saye Gallagher,

A formal complaint of @rand larceny was
accepted yesterday against Francis, alias Luke,
Gallagher, and Ignatz Kornfeldt, his alleged
agent and accomplice, who are nectiaed of hav-
inue awindled city merchants out of moods valued
were arraigned in the
Their exane
ination was postpaned until this morning, bail
Placed at €°.000 on each prisoner
one appeared to offer the security and they
taved in prison. At the hearing Ap
Dietelet Attorney Lyrnes appeared to prose
McMantis de
Credit men and representatives
of the many concerns having complaints againat

ans sshesinaneenpaseenaSRaIENnniaceenenRnII

the Gorham Manulaos
f he burg ) sone | turing Company eald that his concern had aol
ants, as each feared that the burglar had gor $1,000 sort at ailve rware to the two men, but
had become suepictous of them aod had refused
lie came to court to
Among
ented were Davis & Colin-
yrewriting Company and
The detectives
t least forty
A man who sat in the
rearol the court room told the attendants that
he had a summons for Galiagher tn case that
1ooth street etation | individual was discharged In the present case,
to anewer a charge of obtalutug furniture to the
valine of $4,000 by fraud some months ago,

Detectives Hein and Kenny on Saturday

found cut-glass ware valued at $1,000 at the all
factory of Bimon Smith tin Haledon: N. J. Smith,
towether with R. Wel of 708 Broadway
exid to be distantly related to Gallagher, fur-
nished the typewritten jettera of guarantes,
with the ald of which the two prisoners ae-
worth of property
aareaaed to
Kornfeldt, in care of Rmith, and was packed In

SNe

mocked when they sawit at the mill onSaturday,
\ He sald that
Kornfeldt wae his credit man and drew a salary
Detective Kenny

| didn’t need lainp chimneys and he didn’t know
' why any should be forwarded to him
and Kenny then shipped the glassware to Po-

£5,000 from BF. A. Denzig & Co., wine merchants,

He offered
as security raw elk and so anxious was he to
obtain the money that he offered to take the
loan at the rate of 60 per cent, on the value of

to make

Weil, who
who ia rated at
references,

before,
] was arrested, but they couldn't flnd evidence

FIsT FrounT AT CHURCH bDCoOR.

Election of Trustees at ridge Street A.M, EF,

A meeting was called last night at the Bridge
Brooklyn,
for the election of three trustees in place of
vjick himself up and crawl down to his roorns | James Fdward, E. M. Wilson and Joseph Shan-

he went into thelower part of the building where
some of the women of the church were holding
To them he announced that the
election Was postponed for two weeks. Then

were waiting

who had been sent to prevent trouble

KILLED BY SUPPOSED MUSHROOMS,

* | Thomas E. Lyons, an Uptown Dry Goods

Thomas FE. Lyons of Lyons & Chabot, dry
goods merchants at 150th street and Third
avenue, died yesterday at his residence, 704
poisoning,

Last Friday he ate a meal of beefsteale and
mushrooms In a restaurant on Third avenue
That night he was seized with
Byrne, who at-
iim, found Mr. Lyons's condition so
serions that oxygen had to be admintstered.

fr. Lyons was one of the most widely known
He failed in business
ad since paid his ereditors in full.
Bronson. Catholic
Trish Na-
tional League, being one of the foremodt in
all the undertakings of the latter organization.

He Got It From a Yonkers Store—Two Other

Yornens, N. Y., Aug. 27.—Threa young boya
were arraigned in court this evening on a
They were Mortis Glaser,
aged 7, of 63 Riverdale avenue; Abraham Gold-
aged 8 of 86 Riveranle avenue, and

Abraham Kegel, aged 9. of 90 Clinton street.
Van Cortiandt
Park this morning on a charge of being suspi-
Keael confessed that he had
stolen $50 from Murray's grocery store at 15

KL

ot accesaorias, but ac-
aided him in spending
the money and tn having a good time on Bun-
and Horace Hepburn of Philadelphia to insti. | day een was remanded tll to-morrow and

TORONTO TROOPS GET HOME,

Men Who Fonght tn South Africa Recetved

TORONTO, Ont., Aug. 27.—A huge cheering
the assignee | crowd of citizens was at the Union etation th
afternoon to greet the returning foronto Royal
ae Canadians from South Africa Asthe men ap-
Alfour's actions aa peared on the oar platform they were received
Jim Kennedy, the man
who was hit six times at Paardebure, gotu
To-night allover the city fire-
. Auditor of | works are heing exploded, bands are playing,
houses are illuminated and there is general re-

‘LK TO NEW YORR,

Producers, Up Binghamton Way to Sell te

BINGHAMTON, Aug. 27—Tho milk produce
are preparing to with
our 80 badly that a | draw their product from New York on Sept. 4,
At the last meeting of the organization in this
city it was agreed that the producera should
Gicpose of thejr milk as they saw fit until then,
4 was to allow them to sell it in New York
until they could arrange to dispose of it to
creameries and gondensed milk factories,
kl at New Milford on Saturday

and arrangements made to build a creamery
organization ’

Fought the Police With a Knife.

PATERSON, N. J., Avg. 27.—Mra. Miller, a
feeble old negress, fought five police officers
law. The session promises to bo lively as the | to-night with @ carving knife in an effort to
William Miller, the
6 n, is wanted by the rolice tor essault on hie
fle barricx ed himself in a room while
his old mother defended the passageway

The officers
overpowered the Woman and arrested Miller.

Rare Flowering Tree in the Park.

A new flower is blossoming in Central Park.
It is the flower which grows on the Queens-
land fire tree, known otherwise as the Steno-
It has taken Mr, Rose, the
rears
} Cultivate the tree which is now Stoheceniaae
{ 1 The tree In its present
condition is said to be worth no less t! an & 000

John Delurey, a clerk, 53 years old, of 39
| : ‘ lerk, 58 3 ° 4
equal party representation on the election | Front etreet, Brooklyn, was seized with @ cramp

While bathing off the foot of Seventeenth
night and was
vered.

—

CLUBBING OF THE BLACKS.

 

COUMITTAR INVESTIGATING ALLEGED

POLICH BRUTALITY,

Trial of Policeman Powers Incidentally Sheds

Some Bight on It-He Looks Likes @

Nalatte and His Friends Suggest That May
Account for the Glabbiog That He Got,
Police Commissioner York #ent a note to
yesterday in
which he sald that the reports of brutality on
the part of policemen in the recent face mots
in the West Side were being Investigated by a
Commissioners, Ine
cidentally some Interesting testimony bearing
on the police proceedings in the riota came
out veaterday at the trial of Policeman Powers
for conduct unbecoming an officer on the sec-

Acting Mayor Guegenhelmer

sub-committees of the

ond night of the disorder in the Hell's Kitehen
loeality.

Devery. When he appeared for trial it was
noticeable that hie complexion was very dark,
that he had orinkly hatr and a muffled sounding
yolea, His friends In the court room declared
that these things were really responsible for
his trouble, They had caused him first to be
taken for a negro when he stood in plain clothes
in the crowd in the mob district and clubbed
accordingly by his fellow cops. To his pect-
liar voice they sald was due in a large measure
the charge of intoxication made against him,
Acting Captaln Cooney who, according to
Powers's story, struck him at the corner of
Kiahth avenue and Thirty-seventh street on
the night he got Into trouble was the firet
witness against the policeman, Cooney testi-

fied that he had merely seen Powers ip the mob
at that corner, did not know that he was a
policeman and did not see him again until he
came to the Weat Thirty-seventh street station
later to mnake some comp aint, At no time,
said the acting captain, either in the street or
in the police station, had he hit Powers,

Serat. Ryan, who was at the desk in the sta-
tion, said that Powers caine in there in a daved
condition and eaid that he wished to make a
complaint, A few moments later Capt, Cooney
ordered his arrest for intoxication,

Policeman Howard of the Charles street sta-
tion, about whom Powers went to the station
to complain, said he had first seen Powers at
the southeast corner of Kighth avenue and
Thirty-seventh street. Powers's face was cov-
ered with blood, Ashe wasurgedalong Powers
sulled out a revolver and pointe 4 it at him,
ie grabbed for it, and had his hand cut by the
trigwer as it snapped down. Howard showed
a wound which he said had been made in this
way. Powers, he said, then threw back his
coat, showed his shield and eaid that le wasa
polleernan. Howard sald he then let him go,

“Then you let policemen go when they are
drunk?” asked Lawyer Rouss, who appeared
for Powers,

‘This man t not on trial,” interrupted Com-
missioner Abell, “Get at the facts,”

Police Surgeon Neabit teatified that when
he examined Powers after he had been locked
up the pollceman was siightly intoxicated,
fle weemed to be Just recovering from a apres
and waa atlll dazed Tse reporters, who had
heen summoned by Chief Devery as witnesses,
because they had been at the corner of Thirty-
seventh street and Fighth avenue when How-
ard encountered Powers there, said they had
seo Powers struck by a policeman, but could
not tdentify the assailant

Powers then took the stand tn his own behalf.
The day of his arrest he said, was his short day
and he did not have to report at his station
until midnight. tle had been up in Harlem
with friends and was returning to the Mercer
street station, when seeing the crowd and the
policemen along El@hth avenue, he got off at
Thirty-seventh street. He tad not taken a
drink of liquor of any eort all day and he had
never been intoxicated in his life. While he
was standing on the street corner a lot of police-
men approached. Somebody said: “Get out
of this,” and then one of the men, whom he
knew later to be fapt Cooney, struck him
He was clubbed all the way to Thirty-eiahth
street, Powers said. When he remarked that
he was going to make a complaint, one of the
policemen sald:

‘Don't be obstinate, now, young feller; you
better go home. That was Cooney that hit
you.”

Powers sald he did not at any time show his
revolver, Policernan Howard, who followed
him up, took it away from him and with it his
‘billy.”. Then he went to the station to make
acomplaint, When he got there Capt. Cooney
recognized him and, walking up to him, hit
him in the face, saying: "Oh, you're back
again, are you?” Then Chief Devery came
out of the back room and ordered his. arrest,
When the police surgeon came he pasaed all
the testa that were tried upon em to deter-
mine if he was intoxicated. He walked al)
right, i said, held out his arm steadily and
read half a column tna newspaper.

The trial was adjourned, to be continued
next Thursday.

NEGRO MOBBED BY WHITE SAILORS,

 

 

He'd Shot a Roarding-House Ronner After
Having Been Slashed Himself.
Another race riot, with about two hundred
whites to one black in this case, occurred fn
Coenties slip yesterday afternoon, The negro
was locked up afterward inthe Old slip police
station on a charge of felonious assault, A
white man he shot is in bed at his home in

Brooklyn with a bullet wound (n the mouth,
The prisoner ts Charles Uppher, a sailors’

boarding-house keeper of 42 Baxter street
and an agent for a_i shipping office
at 26 Coenties slip. Uppher supplies

sailors for the Standard Oil Company's
vessels and for those of Arthur Sewall of Bath,
Me.. the former Vice-Presidential candidate,
He is a hustier and the white men in the busie
ness who are not #o successful, according to
hin, are jenlous of his prosperity. Among the
Jealous ones, he ssys, is James J. Galvin, an
expressman and a “runner” for boarding -house
keepers, Who lives at 203 Furman # reet, Brooke
lyn Galvin was passing through Coenties
slip yesterday afternoon when he epied Uppher
sitting on an empty beer kegin front of the
saloon on the ground floor of No, 26. Galvin
stopped and made some remarks to the negro,
The latter anewered back and the two were
soon engaged in a heated argument

Then, according to Uppher, Galvin struck

him. Uppher retaliated, and in the mix-up
that followed began to get the best of it. Find-
says,

ing himself worsted, Galvin, Uppher
whipped out a knie and flashed him across
both hands. The negrorushed In the door of
No. 26 and ran up the stairs, with Galvin and
iis knife in hot pursuit, to his office on the
second floor. There he got a revolver out of
his desk drawer and pointedit at Galvin. This
reversed the order of _pur-uit and the two
rushed down the stairs, Uppher doing the chase.
ing. When they reached the street the negro
fired two shots. Thefirat went wide, but the
seoond brought Galvin groaning to the ground,

The rowin the meantime had attracted a
crowd of about 200 sallors and longshoremen
who by this time were velling, “Kill the nieger!"
Uppher placed his back against the bulidin
and held the mob at bay with his revolver ff
Policemen Turley and Mitchell came running to
the scene, With the aid of several other poifoe-
men they succeeded In geting Uppher to the
police station unmolested,

Ambulanoe Surgeon TF. re. who wos aum-
moned from the Hudson street ho:pital found
that the bullet had entered Galvin's mouth
knocking out four teeth, and had then taken an
upward course and come out through the nose,
The wound is painful though not necessarily
mortal. Galvin was putin a cab by some friends
in the crowd, and waa driven to hia home in
Brooklyn. bater Dr, Page called at the police
station and dressed the cuts on Uppher's hands.

SEVERE ON WHITE ROWDIES.

 

Magistrate Brann Sends Breakers of Negroes’
Windows Up for Trial.

Magistrate Brenn severely lectured the pris-
oners whom the police brought before him in
the West Side police court yesterday, as a re-

sult of the rows between the whites and blacks
in West Sixtieth street last Sunday, Two white
men, William MeVey and Henry Schuber, who

were caught breaking windows in houses ten-
anted by negroes, were held see . Several
ers had to be dis-

other ayiegca stone throw
char@ed because the negro complainants didn't
appear in court, William Hepron, a negro, ar-
raigned on a charge of disorderly conduct, sald
he had been clubbed by the police for no cause
at all. He waa discharged,

 

Thorpe's Slayer Pleads Not Guilty,

Arthur Jd. Harris, who was arraigned in Gen-
eral Sessions last week before Judge McMahon
charged with the murder of Policeman Robert
ene e asked for postponement of pleading
an seo requeat Was @ranted, Yesterda -
ria pleaded not gullty. 7

 

ITALIANS STEAL DYNAMITE,

 

Hadn't Been Paid and They Planned to De-
stroy Trestles in Consequence,

Avroona, Pa., Aug. 27.—Because they were
not paid on Saturday night, 100 Italians work-
{ng on the Huntingdon and Broad Top Railroad
extension, near Tatesville, broke into the mag-

azine and carried away all the dynamite thev

could find. Their purpose was to destroy the
five high trestles recently built, T vey were en-
aged in placing the dynamite under the tr

ee when a band of
weg ah ake AST Thee
dynamite was red, = Sry

   

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

Powers ja the man whore shield
was taken from him in the West Thirty-seventh
street station and who waa suspended and
locked up for drunkenvess by order of Chief

 
  
  

 

 

THE SUN, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28

TUSALES WITH BURGLARS.

 

Twe Residents of Greenville Have Hand-to-

Mand Struggies at Their Homes.

lara early Sunday morning.
Francis Houghton,

dining rovm,
the house through « rear window,
lar attacked Mr. Houghton
epike, striking him eix blows on

but the last blow knocked him down,

at Mr. Jioughton'’s head,
move at the peril of his life.

In the meantime Mrs, Houghton had gone
M

downstairs, “Don't let hin bother me” t
burglar sald to Mra, lioughton, “and li go

away quietly,”

lie backed his way to the rear of the room,
) at Ar Hough-

atillkesping his revolver aime
wp, and escaped through the window,

after which she raleed a front window anc
shouted for help. Two policemen who respondec
could find no trace of the burglar. A physician
who was summoned found Mr, Jloughton suffer-
ing from six slight acaln wounds
rank A. Hornby of 771 Bergen avenue, was
arouse! about 6 o'clock and found a negro
searching the pockets of his trousers. He
sprang out of bed and @rappled with the bure-
lar. he two man were fairly fe matched
and struggled across the room without either
aining any advantage until they reached the
iallway. here they fell, Mr, Hornby was
the quicker and got on hia feet first. As the
aro rose Mr. F oraby dealt hin a blow that
Crooked himdown. Thenegro did not attempt
to get up, but rolled over and_over until he
reached the head of thestairs. Than he sprang
to his feet and ran down. He had left the rear
Boor, open, He quickly reached the yard,
aultad a fence and was lost to aight in the
Veet Side avenue meadows.

 

METHODISTS AT LAW.

A Minister and a Deacon tn His Charch Suing
Each Other Over the Keep of a Horse.

Fast Mrapow Brook, lh 1, Aug. 27.—Four
years ago the Rev. Ross Taylot, who is well
known fn Methodist circles as the son of Bishop
Taylor of California, received an assignment
to the pulpit of the East Meadow Brook Chureh,
which he filed for some time Richard Low-
den, a farmer of that section, 1s a deacon of
this church and {a an old friend of Bishop Tay-
lor, He was pleased that the Bishop's son was
to supply the pulpit and entertained the son of
his old friend.

he parish of Fast Meadow ts quite exten-
sive, and the farmhouses far apart, 6o that {t
was necessary for the pastor to have a horse
and carriage, The Rey. Mr. Taylor sent to
New York for a California thoroughbred which
his mother had given him. When Mr. Taylor's
vastorate ended his horse wasin such poor con-
dition that he left him with Mr, Lowden to be
turned out to pasture, Towden says that an
arrangement for compensation was made and
that he aareed to take the horse to hoard at
a low figure

last May Mr powder received a note from
the Rev. Mr. Taylor asking hiro joship bie horse
to him In New York. Mer. Lowden replied that
he would do so upon receipt of a check for ~
horse's board, which had never been paid an
amounted to $102

The Rev. Mr. Tavlor placed the matter tn
the hands of his lawver, who be@an eult in
behalf of his client to regain possession of his
porse When the papers were served upon

wowden he turned the documents over to his
attorney with instriietions to begin a counter
suit for the amount of the board bill,

The sults will come to trial at the fall term
{n Mineola, and the church members are looking
forward to the event with keen interest,

 

STRIKER SPOILED HER MAT,

Shirt-Walst Girle Making a Hard Fight at
M. 1. Nathan & Co.'s Factory.

Since the strike began last week at M. I.
Nathan & Co.'s shirt waist factory, 113 Spring
street, the strikers, most of whom are girls,
have been gathering around the factory in the
morning and at lunch hour and keeping the
non-unlon workers in hot water. Some of the
latter have been frightened into Joining the
strikers and at times the pickets use violence,
Tho strikers were reénforced yesterday morn-
ine before the non-union etris went to work by
the girls in Floersheimer Roman's factory
who won a strike last week. The pickets were
in charee of Ballie Milch.

Suddenly a «irl from Floershetmer & Rom-
an’s factory pounced upon a non-union girl
who was going into the factory, T non-
union girl is known as Rosie: no one seemed to
know her other name. There was no police-
nan in sight and the union girl broke her um-
breil over the head of Rosie, saving with every
blow, “Now, will you be a scab?’

Rosie, whose hat came to grief under this
treatment, was frightened into joining
the strikers. Supt. Lederer of the factory
tried to find ont who demolished Rosie's hat,
but Rosie was too much awed by the scowling
glances of the pickets to tell. During the day
other airls were frightened into joining the
strikers,

The firm denied yesterday thatit had any
rules fining employees for smiling.

 

Qerman Untons to Organiz: a ‘Secretariat.’

Delegates are to be elected this week from
twenty-two German trades unions to attend
a convention that will open on Sept, 8 in the
Labor Lyceum, 64 East Fourth street, to or-
ganize a “Secretariat” or law and correspond-
ence bureau, Such bureaus have been fh Ox.
{stenees in Germany, Switzerland and Belgium
for ten years, nnd their object is to enforce
labor laws, recover cl ims for unpaid wages
and exchange suggestions with labor unions
throighout the world Most of the untons
taking part in the movernent in this city are
socialist bodies.

 

Cloakmakers to Fix New Price Lists,

Tn response to calla sent ont by the Cloak-
makers’ Union eight or nine meetings were
held on the West Side yesterday to prepare new
price lista. These lists will be submitted to the

manufacturers this week, and according to See-
retary Guyer of the unton some ol the treetings
have been called at the request of the em-
provers, who are busy at present and want to
nave the sirikes over as soon a@ possible if
strikes are to be ordered. Guyer anid there
would be fow strikes,

 

A Bootblack's Sulit for Divorce,

Felice Maglio, an Italian bootblack, has ac-
quired in his business a niee little bank ac-
count, owns a house on Gates avenue and a
number of lots in Jamaica. He savs if it was
not for his domestic troubles he would be happy.
He haa pending against his wife, Carmela Mage-
lio, a sult for absolute divorce and names Giu-
eoppl Vinduro and Giuseppi Oria as corespond-
ents. Supreme Court Justioe Mattice in Brook-
lyn yesterday granted an order by which he
is to pay his wife $75 counsel fee and $5 a week
pending the trig) of the suit.

 

Many Knock-outs at the Hercules A. ©,

Five bouts of ten rounds each made up the
programme at the Her ules A. ©. last night.
The opentng combat brought together
Kid Meade aud Tue Reilly of
Brooklyn at 115 pounds. § Reilly was
olever and asturdy puncher. For five rounds
Meade stood his rival off, after that he was
knocked down repeatedly and his strength
saved hin from being put to sleep, Reilly
got the decison, Jimmy Kelly of Boston
next tackled Kid Smith, colored, of Brooklyn,
at 122 pounds. It was a slashing enoonnter until
Kelly got to Smith's stomach, then Smith
hugged the floor until the refereo made him
get up and fight, In the fourth Kelly ham-
mered Smith"s body again. This time the

colored youth dropped to the floor and refused
to getup. kelly received the award.

The third tilt was sensational. “Tug”™ Wilson
of Brooklyn met Mike Craven of New York at

118 pounds. Wilson found. a soft spo
in the second round and laid eee
He convinced the crowd that the referee

had counted him out too fast,
was willing to give him another chanve
and the mill was resumed. Craven again
showed hia @uperiority by Fults Wilson
to sleep in twenty seconds he fourth tilt,
which was between Mike O'Brien and Ed Lovell,
both from Brooklyn, was ehort and aweet,
They Foehed at jos pounds. Lovell,
after einting wit e left, drew
O'Brien into a lead in the first. The
Lovell shot over the right. The blow atric
O'Brien on the Jaw and Mike fell to the floor
comp.etely knocked out. The round only lasted
1 minute and 10 seconds,

The wind-up wrs between Eddie elly
and (harje Lendermann of Brooklyn. Rely
fought at catchweigits, Kelly had Lender-
mant's backers scared in the first round.
He came within an ace of trimming Lender-
mann with a wild right swing. After
that Lendermann was more cautious
and hit his opponent when and

Ri Wal roy Bee a eee
Saxe ig ccxpreery quietus wit a left book

Craven

Two residents of the Greenville district of
Jersoy City, whose homes are about a mile
apart, had a hand-to-hand conflict with bure-

a Wall street broker
living at 611 Garfield avenue, was aroused at
2 o'clock by a noise in the dining room, He
went downstairs and found a burglar in the
He had apparently just entered
The bure-
with @ railroad
the head,
Mr, Houghton had grappled with the fellow,
Then
the burglar drew a revolver which he aimed
warnigg him not to

rs, Houghton helped her busband to @ rind

over the latter’a links, resulting
victory for Mohonk

, 1000.

WOMEN PLAY RECORD GOLF.

MISS HISHOP THRER UNDER MISS
HOYT'S FIGURES AT SHINNECOCK,

   

 

—- ———-

   

 

Good Practice Rounds by Candidates for
Women's Championship Which Begins To-
day~lLarge Crowd Attracted to South.
ampton by the Event-Vardon in Form,

BOUTHAMPTON, Alig. 27.—The beat record
ever made by a woman player over the full
course of the Shinnecock Hills Golf Club waa
broken to-day by Miss Georglanna Bishop of
the Brooklawn Country Club, who returned
the card of 87, That the record of #0 made
during the Boardman cup match by Miss Bea-
trix Hoyt would be broken was not unexpected,
but few thought that the task would have been
achieved by a comparative outalder, Miss
Lishop, although she quulified last year and
bas since won the championship of Connecticut,
waa held in but litte regard, but on to-day's
play she has jumped into a place among the
favorites, The record, it should be stated,
was made over the course used by the men,
of 6,809 yards, for which the amateur record is
74 and the professional mark 64, Not a tee
will be changed nor a concession of any sort
made for the women players, Miss Hishop's

card in detail follows:

4446838656 6 7-45
ee deeer ences 64466 6 4 4 4-44-87

The links was thronged with women players
all day long, and in spite of the intense heat
nearly every oneof the sixty-five entrants
made a round to practise for the fifth annual
national championship which begins to-morrow,
with a qualifying round of eighteen holes, There
was no lack of good soores to be ferreted out.

The usual straightforward question was of no
avail, a8 on the eve of a champiouship every
woman golfer can keep a secret. No one has
been golfing in more consistent shape than Mrs,
A. DeWitt Cochrane, who to her perfect style
is this year adding dashing power not hitherto
noticed in her games, She has been averagin
cloge to. W. Another who is playing in supers
style is Mra. Caleb F, Fox. Bhe has not played
for seore, but no one would be surprised
should she win the gold medal toemorrow, Miss
Pythony has been averaging close to ®) and Miss
ith Collings has been doing nearly as well, These
two Western girls seem to havea good chance,
Totake up the well-known players Miss Hoyt
{4 playing splendidiy, although her best score
this year way @ 90, made two weeks ago, Mrs
Manice reeled off a grandly averaged 9) to-day,
but Miss Hecker, the M. G. A. champion, has
hot been burning up any records Strath,
who is to oasdie for her, says etoutly that Miss
Hecker will not be found wanting to-rmorrow
Phese three are the favorites to-night for tho
championship honors. On her short game
Miss Ruth Underhill has been doing very well.
It is said that she can give a stroke a hole to
the feld on the short game and in putting, On
the long game, however; Miss Underhill has
not been getting off a cleanly hit ball, Yes-
terday in a match with Miss Grisoom Miss
Underhill waa § down at the turn, but she fin-
ished in fours and fives and broke all even

It is evident that the scoring will be the lowest
ever seen at a women's championship, A oume-
ber of professionals were on hand 10 caddie for

 

 

some ol the players, Chester G, Horton, a “pro”
of American development, has come all the way

fromthe kvaneton links, near Chicago, to caddie

Joho Reid, ia on from Atlantic ¢ ity to caddie for
Mre. Work; Stuart Garciner of Lenox will serve
for Mrs. E, A, Manice; Alexander Patrick will
caddie for Misa Mendel of the Century Club, who
recently won the women's chainpionship of the
Holly wood links; Willie Thomson of the Hunt.
ingdon Valley Club will be the coach for Mra, C
F. Fox; Jack Venters will carry for Miss Moyt,
and Tom Hutchinson will be the aid to Miss
Ethel Burnett of the Misquamieut Club.

Old Southampton ia crowded to the doors
with players and onlookers, The one hotel is
chare@ing $4 a day, double the usual rates, and
playing to a packed house, while every club
Mheiber is entertaining a house party. Henry
G. Trevor, chairman of the club Executive
Committee, and Mrs. Trevor are entertaining
Mrs. ©. F. Fox, Mra. 8. C. Price, Mrs. E. Rob-
bins Walker and RK. Kage Kerr, secretary of
the United States G. A. Wiilllam ©, Gulliver
has a large house party, including Miss Made-
line Goddard of Newport, Mias F. Grosbeck of
Cineinnatt and Miss ©. G. Willis of the Mor-
ris County Golf Club. W. B. Thomas, Presi-
dent of the United States G. A., is the guest of
ex-Jiud@e Horace Russell, Mise Suydam, Miss
Wickham and the Misses Chauncey are the
ges of Mr. and Mra. W. A. Putnam, Miss
funice Terry of Ardsley and Mise Lucy Her-
ron of Cineinnatl are the guests of Mr. and Mrs,
Arthur B. Claflin. Mra. A. De Witt Cochrane
{s stopping with Mr. and Mra. George ©. Clark
and Mrs. Manice, with her husband, is at the
Shinnecock Hills Club.

Play to-morrow will begin at 9:20 o'clock.
The first afxteen will qualify for the champion-
ship; the third eight will keep on fora cup and
the fourth eight for another cup, The maker
of the lowest score in the qualifying round
will win a gold medal and there are prizes for
the two next best seores, Miss Beatrix Hoyt
has won every gold inedal for the low score
ever offered by the United States G. A., for
she won this trophy last year with 97, although
she loat the championship. The men about
the clubhouse of aportive views are backing
her at 2to4 to again beat the fleld for this jrophy '

Ban Hannon, Aug. 27,—Harry Vardon {a the
attraction here and to-day he plaved two exhl-
bition rounds at the Kebo Vallev Club. It was i
asizziing hot day for Bar Harnor, but the heat |
had no effect upon Vardon, who made a new
record of 75 for the elghteen holes

In the morniny Varion and Cox played
a foursome against the Kebo pro- |
fessional, Douglas, and Dr. Cushman of |
§'. Louis The pilav was very strong, though
not brilliant, as Vardon had not vet got
!

 

the teel of the course, He and his
partner, however: ue eeded in defeating Doug-
lus and Cushman by Sup and4to pilav. * ue
out the winning pair had a 48 and che
return 42, which was not what the spe

tors looked = for On  ocersion Varo ‘on
showed his wonderful skill by reeovemng
from a bunker in clever style, or in = iy-
ing a 150-vard tron shot dead the

|
}
!
hole, His driving was very good, © -ering
an average of 200) vards thronghour. In
the afternoon he played the best ball of Her-
bert Jaque-. and George Thatcher. the Harvard
cracks, He gota 88 and 37, making 75 for the
elzhteen holes, which is five better an the
record, He played verfect golf on eve.y hole,
and on two occasion. rimmed the hole for tiguros
that were thought impossible, He led by 6 up
on the first round, but Jaques and Thateher
held him even on the second, and Vardon won
by 6 up.

MANCHESTER, Aug. 27. In the finals of the
women’s tournament played on the Ekwanok
links here to-day in competition for the Equinox
cup Mrs. Walter Gorham of Philadelphia won |
from Miss Elizabeth Cassard of Baltimore by 4 |
up and 2 to play. George Low went to Ren- |
nington this morning and defeated Mungo Park |
the Mount Anthony professional, by @up and & |
to go. Although Park made a new record for |
the course, Low excelled in lone play and won

 

the match, Among the events scheduled to be
played on the Ekwanok links in the near future
are the women's and men's tournamenta for
cups offered by Mrs. Gorham and two open tour-
namenta, one for the President's cup and one for
the Equinox House cup Several medals
yi also be presented in the last two competi-
tions.

Lake Mononk, N, ¥., Avge. 26—The firat

challenge wo'f matoh between the Mount Meen-

agha and Mohonk teamea was laved to-day
L asweepi
The scores: one
Mohonk=Ii N. Munger, 2; C. A. Munger, 7; James
Wright, 0: G, B. Perkins, 6; G. K. Croger, Jr.. 2:
B dewing, 2 Total, 19 om, Oh
Mount Meenagha—J. ©. Stout, 0; 8 N. Stick oO
HoH. Suiphen, 0; W, i. Edsallso; BG. Seed oo I
8, Doty, Total, v. 7

The result of the team match betwee
Forest Hill and the East Orange golf Gee
played on Saturday at East Orange fiows:

Forest Hil—R Hunter, 0; J. C. Cary, 0; &
Geoffrey, 0; H. Bingham, 3; A. Hunter, 0.’ Total. ‘s

East Orange—H. GiMn, 11; J. Bradshaw, 6: A,
A. Deeher, 0; W. P. Thorp, 0; B.G. Kent, 1. Total,

Mrs. Edward Hinman of the Pomeraug Val-
ley golf ctub haa presented & cup to be played
foron Monday, Sept. 8, eighteen holes pandie
cap, medal play, limited to members only,

 

A.

 

 

Suppunr, Vt., Aug. 25.—At the wo ‘

nedal handicap ipureamens elahtesn ae
piri on the Hyde Manor go links, Miss Grace

erritt of Brooklyn, N. Y., won first prize wit!
anet soore of 117,and Miss Martha ces °
ST eenen, Mass., second prize with a net score

 

Capr May, Aug. 27.~—In the women's
handicap ths afternoon Miss Mignon Morrous 1
Shannon of New Brunswick, N. J., won the
day's cup, which made her & points toward the
senson's cup. The soore:

Miss Mignon. Shannon, 106, 20-86; Miss N
Williams, 128, 25—04; Mr& Bish S. Bispham. 184,
35—99: MissJ. Eliott, 186, 35-100: Mra. L. O. Og:
den, 125, 25—105; Miss McFillen, 188, 35-109. Mrs.
T. W. Eastwick, 143, 40—103; Mra A. B. Meller
127, 20-107; Mrs M. Dallett, 142, 85-107; Mra
John 1. Rogers, 130, 20-110; Mra. M. B. Leach, 141
O—111; Mra. J.P. Lucas, 143, 20—113: ac RN:
Niilfams, 152, 85-117; Miss F. Coates, 179, 4S—-
194; Mrs Worth and Mra J. No E dildreth Wwith-
Tawn

  

 

Mrs. Feldmeier Saved a Roy's Life,

Sayvitwe, L. 1, Aug. 27.—Mrs. Herbert FPeld-
meler of the place saved a small boy from
drowning In the Great South Bay on Saturday,
The lid was Harold Rogers, 10 years old. He
and Mrs. Feldmeler's son were Jumping back
and forth from the dock to a a@ailboat when
Harold fell into the water. Mrs. Feldmeier saw
the boy's Gy siow! og to the surface, and

Fishin fuchsia rates

li
attention saved bis .

a 9 a

for Miss Beasie Anthony; the Western champion,

 

 
  

 

LSSSAKNNANNSSN SNS SHS SHSSVHEANNS EAS SEN NRENNR SANE N KK OS

Og

Celebrated

| Hats.
Fall Styles

will be introduced on

Thursday, August 30th,

New York, Philadelphia,

And Accredited Agencies in all the principal cities %
of the World. y

SANANANNNA NNN VA ANLNKNNNAABNS ANNES NNSA SAAAN ONSEN AKON

 

Chicago,

     
  

NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN.
Ferry Companies Refasing Motor Machines
Which Carry Gasolene.

There 1s a great amount of activity at the
ferryhouses nowadays because of automobiles
It {s gasolene motor vehicles that make the
trouble. The reason for ft all is an internal
revenue law that forbids the carrying of ex-
plosives on any steamboat that carries pas-
sengers. Some of the ferry companies are
winking at the law. Othera are forgetting
it. A few, notably the Pennsylvania company,
are enforcing it. The enforcement of the
law means that a man with a gasolene auto
must empty the tank of his carriage before
boarding a boat. (Jf he does this the “self-
moving” carriage has to be hauled off of the
boat by horses or pushed ashore by deckhands.
The officials at the Pennsylvania ferry are quite
inexorable, however, and several members
of the Automobile Club have been “held up.”

After the gasolene tank has been emptied
the automouile ils as “self moving” as a hand
truck. Not only must the vehicle be pushed
ashore and out Into the street, but the chauffeur
Tiust find a place to buy gasolene and recharce
before he can proceed on his Journey. ‘This
strict enforcement of the law is a new thing
and will probably be the subject of an impor-
tunt move on the partof the Automoblle Club, f :
One man has taken the matter in his own hands, | formance in pouring rain and on @ sodden
He is wealthy and eres had a reputation for | track gives ground for the opinion that Leong
being a fraud, but he suffered the amnioyvance na jue f o he nlace 7 ie {
of being obliged to etupty his gasolene tauk at ing with Tua ‘compattion ; the Tate I “4 mn one.
the forty. He did it only once. He had an | With barely twenty minutes breathing space,
idea, The next Ume he appeared at the ferry Long won the tinal by inches from J. M fs ne
and was ordered to empty lis gasolene tank | Jane, Edinburgh H, (28 yards), after looks
he declared that he hud ulready done so and ws | ing Hopelessly out of it half-way up the etra ht,
evidence of his truthfulness turned on & cock | hig determined finishing proving to demons
connected with the gusolene tank. Only a stration that he fs gifted with rar | ‘k :
few dropa jpsued and the offi lous ones were | woll as pace.” 6 U Pruck us
satisfied, e subsequently confided to sore In the 100-yard invitation handleap long
friends thut the cock he turned was a “fake won his heat from ecratch, but was peep 24 "4
tout he had bullt especially to meet the de- 4
munds of the ferry companies, It did not eon-
neet with the gusolene reservoir at all, There
is a new type of construction for gasolene tanks
on automobiles that is caleulated to overcome
all the possible objections to motor machines
of this kind on steamboats, It consists of
Jacketing the gasolene with a water tank #o
that the water completely surrounds the fuel | was tired, as he had previously won the 120-yard
ieee "altteaneale” ccome an Seana a e handicap from the one-yard mark and had ruu
asolene motorists will need to have national aper aner a gee ucla oe ie
aws amended before they ean be entitled to near the tape thouah? that he just failed to
travel on steumbouts, no matter how they catch R. Ballantyne, the ea Borders’
carry their fuel. 22-yard champion, who had 8% yards handi-

The Automobile Club of America Is planning | C@P."Tewksbury’s time tn his winning effort

move from the headquarters rooms at the | Was 12 seconds
‘ lott. hetora 0 a clubhouse. It is probable Long scored another win on the final day

at cae thes 4 oD “trol 9 | Of the meet when he gave long etarte to a bic
mato | cauion near the Park Circle will be | field in the 220-vard handicap, In the finrl

At the August meeting of Associated Cycling | heat the New Yorker came through on the
Clubs of New York a dozen clubs were repre= | Inside in the straight and catching M, R. Goldie
sented, The Secretary reported the sending out | Of the Cambridge H., 22 yards, ten yards from
of 1,000 complaint Ad concerning street | the finish won by @ yard and a half in 22 3-5
conditions, The Committee on Streets and | Seconds,

Roads reported that nearly all the complaints
sent to the heads of the various departments
had been attended to, Commissioner Keating
had advised the committee that all builders
must file a bond to restore the atreeta to as
good a condition as they found them

The Rights of Wheelmen and Legislation
Committee reported that the Street Sprinkling
Association was anxtous to codperate with
the wheelmen and desired to have all cases of
excessive sprinkling reported,

The Race Committea reported on the cen-
tury run. Cuff buttens have been decided
on as the souvenn ener y anus Are ready

‘ ve been distributed to the various clubs.
ana on are such that small clube can forced the game throughout and won in four
win a prize as well as the larger ones, The | seta and thus holds the championship trophy
first and second prizes in each class are of equal | for another year, The women's handicap
value. The association has asked for no dis- :

singles were finished, and the winner turned

counts, ao that each rider gets full valuo for |
his money and a much better dinner and ser- | up in Miss Stever of Chicago, who, playing

viee than fs usually provided. Clubs and im- | from the owe 15 mark, won from Mise E

dividuals outside the association will be wel- | ima of Waahindtes ac hall i, Toamnnow
Coma 1 ner o iato . -mo
, — the remaining matehes in the men’s handicap
TO THR EMToR OF THE SUN—Siry Under | will be played. The players still surviving are
“News of the Wheelmen” of this date you state the dis | H. MH, Hackett, E. BP, Fischer, Summer, Hardy
bandmer 4 f the Gutter hure Wheelmen, they being | and F. B. Alexander, The scores;
Mis‘article I tho ght telakt eed eb wrone'in ; Men's Champlonship Singles—Champtonahtp round
Sion regarding our club, which also ts tn northern | at D aes older, eat H. H. Hackett, eballenger,
Hudson county, and I wish to state that we are strong slén'e i 4 ae Min align iF, |
er and more alive than ever before — more so than any r os s Sneae ‘ aing? + rs rounds mn
ener wer e club in the yam ane visit to our house | 4 fe are Sackett aes vety, Owe, a ee 9
* HonOKS RANG S. Aue. 7° sa " Ywne | owe half 15, 1-6, 6-3. 6—1. Second round- Sum
Castle PointCyclera, | met Hardy, owe 30, beat S. G. Tate, 15, 5-7, i-
The Revision Committee of the 1. A. W,, Semt-Final Round—F. 1B. Alexander, owe half 80

appointed by the last National Assembly, | beet ll Wiler, 30, 6-2, 6-2

. e Adios’ Handicap Singles —Prelimtr ary round
will not meet in New York on Aum. 31, a8 orige ladles’ 2 Pee - , 1
inally planned, but in Philadelphia. Miss Roberts. balf 15, beat Miss Dawson, 16, 61,

ATHLETICS.

 

More Great Runolog by ‘Maxey Long in
Scotland,

Particulars of the most recent victories of M
W. Long and J. W. B. Tewksbury, the Amertoay
sprinters who have had such a successful ca
paign in England, arrived by the latest rail
The Americans journeyed to Glasgow and cor
peted at the two-day meet of the Celtic Pootha
Club on Ang. 11 and 15.) The games rank next
to the Scottish champtonships in iraportaner
and in spite of rain before the starting hour and
during the sports, the good card and preset:
of the Americans served to attract 20,000 spe
tators on the opening day.

Long was the hero of the day, and the way
his running impressed the KBnglishmen may
be judged from the following extract taker
from The Field report:

In the quarter-mile handicap Long fair
electrified the spectators by his magnificent
rinning, Starting slowly in his heat, as
his wont in handicaps, he raced at top speed
for the last 300 yards, and won by several yards
in a shade worse than 49 4-5 seconds, thus beat
ing B.C, Bredin’s long-standing Seotch record
of 50 2-5 seconds, To accomplish such @ per-

 

  

\
a yard in the final by J. Ford, Motherwell
4°, yards. J.ong bewan rather lowly, but was
coming up hand over hand at the finish. The
lime of the final was 10 1-5 seconds. In one of
| the trial heats of the invitation event Tewshury
won with the aid of a flying start, but the starter
had signalled no start, and onarerun he tailes
to reach the tape firet. The old Pennsylvanian

  

 

 

 

Lawn Tennis,

NIAGARA-ON*THE-LAKE, Ontarto, Au@. 27
—The champlonship round in men’s singles
in the Niagara international tennis tournament
was played this afternoon, H. H. Hackett of
Yale, the winner of the tournament, challenged
the Princeton champion, R, D, Little, the winner
of the international trophy last year, The
tennis was fast throughout both players hugging
the base line, Litt'e, except in the second set,

 

 

  

    

 

 

     

6—5; Miss Wilks, owe 18, beat Miss Pennington, owe

.. f.0 6 ss ke ' 6 at Miss U
The New York State division T.. A. W. is now Wenn h Alf at r < Imer, bald 16, beat Ml
nore than six hundred members ahead of First Hound—Miss Champlin. owe 89, beat Miss
’ennsylvania, the second largest division, Whitehead. serateh, 6—4, 6—8; Miss Stever, owe !°

- beat Miss Roberts half 15, 6—4, 6-2; Miss E Wine
half 15, beat Miss Wilks, owe 15, by default) Miss
Darker, owe Su, beat Mrs, Burgess, scratch, ¢
6-4

 

 

The following letter, signed od cteran,” but
revealing the identity of the writef was received

 

\' apresy at the 1. A. W. headquarters ti New Semi-Final Round—Miss Stever, owe 14, beat \
» : | . : a . ° ” , t
ps 1 Ch mplin, owe half 80, 5-7, @--4, 6-4; Miss
The trouble in the League of American Wheelmen | Wimer, half 15, beat Miss Parker, owe 40, 6 de
fs caused by the jealousy of the divisions against each | faulted

other, tastead of working together for the benents of beat Miss E
thelr members and protecting their interest Che
oMeiais are working to keep themarives tn ofece, and
to do that they now propose to abolish the divistons
Instead of that, they want to abolish all salaried of-

Final Round- Miss Stever, owe 15,
Wimer, half 18, 12-10, 6—6, 6-2

  

  

Odds and Ends of Sports.

 

!
|
fices, bury all thetr politicians and work for the inter. ‘ :
est of the man that pays his dollar. , , The Howling Club of the Friendship Boat ©
Geena has organized for the season of 100 and ly sit
following officers and members President ¢
A Victory for the Pollywog, H. Jarchow; Vice President, Edward Ebling Capt
irwpo 7 Robert McDowell, Seeretary and Treasurer, donn |
Nr RT, Aug, 27. he race between the Jarchow: Sergeantat Arms, Clares D son, and
80-footers to-day was for a oup offered by | Assistant Sereant at Arms, T. Speck, and mer bers
H. Y. Dolan, owner of the Dorothy, and it was | Messrs, George Allison, William Alive eireh
won by the Pollywog, sniled by A. H. Pag: t, | Robert Dewes, Jolin Dellet, Henry Ebling, | r
The race was sailed in light southerly winds’ | Higbee, Georer Jarchow, Herbert Knoepple, Edward
and when the yachts got out to sea, the wind | Kaysel, T. McKenna, Lou Rossmann, J. J. Mor
rissey, Sam Stern, Robert Schroeder, Charlies Vetter

was 80 light that at one time {t was practically
a drifting match, The start was made from
Brenton’s Cove, then a rach to Jamestown
mark and a beat out to the lightship and ree
turn, The Wa Wa got the stort, but on the
wind the Pollywog got the lead aud held it to
the end. The Hera withdrew, being left far be-
hind in looking for wind, The summary:

mann. It ts intended to enter teams in the severe!
tournaments

The Knickerbocker Football Club wil] startin active
practice next Saturday for the coming season. ‘T)¢
eam, which will be a very atrong one this year, ¥
try to repeat Us great record of last year, namely,
playing twelve wames and not losing a single game
and, asalmost all of the old players are avaliable, te

 

 

 

 

Eiapsed | chances look very bright that the team will have a
Start. Finish Time. very prosperous season. The management wor

Yarn and O: ' H.M.S& FAM. S H.M.&. | like to hear from the following teams for Saturda

Follywor, A 64718 21310 | games.) Murray Hillis of Flushing, Clover A. «of

Wa oF Brook 5 49 20 216 20 | Staten Island, Nyack A. C., Oritant I. C., Alls of

geen, S, Miller........3 8400 64938 21538 | Plainfield, Long firanch A. ©., Borough Park, Bel-

seperansa, W. 1 Duncan monts of Brooklyn, and all other subusban teams

JP... sooee8 8400 65458 2 80 B85 averaging 135 pounds. Address A. C. Fordon, 61
Hera, BR. 33400 withdrawn. West Ninetyssixth street

 

 

Our Last Years’ Patients Testify

THAT

HAS CURED

HAY FEVER

They were completely relieved last year and this year they have had no trace
or only slight attack immmediately dispelled by “ORANGEINE.” Much
testimony reaches us like the following from Mr.’R, C, Brandon of Lord &
Thomas, Chicago.

“For fifteen yeare I have been driven north by Hay Fever andeven then suffered intensely.
Last year ] was perfectly relie i@elve ene r« , . , | c
by two or three Boaacvahe i ‘cotton the Leet elas Pend weg a Serre eee

Mr. A. B. Dick, President of the A. B. Dick ( o, Chicago, and many others sav
substantially the same, Lvery mail brings expressions of evatitude from Pav
Fever sufferers reltexed by Ovangeine.”’ Four soc boxes for season ‘treatment

Orangeine is equally efficient for Asthma, “Headache, Neuralgia, Colds,
Women's Pains and other everyday ills.

Full information gladly given in answer to inquiries—Orangeine is sold in
25c and soc packages by druggists or by mail.

ORANGBINE CHEMICAL COMPANY, 1§ Michigan Avenue, CHICAGO, ILL. |"