|
f
:

ei =

~<

Rad an oe
oe ee.

Pc

 

~ Pres ah ES I

a,

mers

- ener =

ae

Be ae

a Ea a awe ee 7 "
RB ae ae pape a ER ee arr Lh NETS tN a REDE SE TOI a I Ts RO BR

ORS RTE pe tee

OZ

22S PAL ES

are

eta

SS Saar eee

<email DEL ALLEL LLL ALL LOOT

 

    

TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900,

—

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month....-
DAILY, per Year...
GUNDAY, per Year...
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year. ..++ +
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month. «crrseeees

Postage to foreign oountries added
THE SUN, New York® City.

 

PARIO~—Kiceque No. 12, mear Grand Motel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Bouleward des Capucines.

11 owr friends who favor us with marusertpts fer
publication wish to hace rejected articles returned, they
must in ali cases send stamps for that purpose

 

The fame Old Bryan.

The unchanged and essential character
of Bryaniam is shown in these words, spoken
by Bryan at Manhattan, Kan., Aug 24) |

“T do not obteet w the honest accumulation of |
wealth I want a Government that gives every poor |
man the hope of being rich some day, a Government |
that gives to the rich man assurance that his ehil-
dren will be protected If they ever beeume poor What
Lebdject ix @ Government that protects a few men
{n their robbery of the masses and then denounces
everybody as an Anarchist (hat does not like to be
robbed,"

This is the false gospel which DRYAN
and all his minor apostles of discontent
have preached for the last four years. It
geems to be their theory that a majority
of Americans are fools and loafers and
{ncompetents, Fools to believe that they
are being robbed by a few men in a country
where—except in Mr. Bryan's Southern
Btatea—the majority rules; loafera and
{ncompetenta too busy or weak to hold
their own in a country of equal opportu-
nities. A foreigner hearing this flapdoodle |
about the robbery of the masses would
imagine that most of the American people
were serfs, ground down by feudal lorda.

This is a country from which farmers
go to the Paris bxposition and in which
skilled laborers get their $3.60 or $4 a day.
This is a country which contains more
well-to-do, well-educated, well-housed, well-
fed, well-dressed people than any other
in the world; and in which every poor man
has the hope of becoming rich, not by means
of the Government, as Mr. BRYAN says
{n his Socialist manner, but by means of
his own exertions

It {e useless, and it sounds hypocritical,
for Mr. BRYAN to protest that he does no
object to the honest accumulation of wealth.
Every word of his in this vein is a word
against wealth. There can be no other
result from language of this kind, and |
seemingly no other purpose t!n It, than |
to inflame the ignorant, the unfortunate,
the incapable and the poor with envy and
hatred of the rich

Nobody calls anybody that “does not
like to be robbed “an Anarchist, But what
name shall be given to him who calls the
Government of the United States “a Gov-
ernment that protects a few men in their
robbery of the masses.”

Is he an Anarchist or an Ass, or both?

 

Confession That Convicts.

The Atlanta Constitution, smarting now
under the late Gen. Lawton's assertion,
made shortly before he was killed, that
“the continuance of fighting (in the Philip-
pines) is chiefly due to reports sent from
America,” revives the so-called interview
published by the Rev. PeTrR McQuRen,
which Gen. LawtTon’s memorable letter
utterly demolished. In so doing, however,
our contemporary ripe its knife through
the very belly of the Democracy’s Agul-
naldo platform:

“What, then, did Gen. LAWTON mean? Inter-
preting his statement by the light of his conversation
with Mr. McQUBEN, he meant that the Filipinos con-
tinued to Aight on account of reports widely ctreulated
that they were to have no more rights under Aimert-
can control than they had under Spanish rate: shat
they were merely to be transferred from one form of
tyranny to another equally obnoxtous.”

No sane man needs to be told that the re-
ports that the Philippines would have ‘no
more liberty under the United States than
under Spain,’ and that they were to be
** transferred from one form of tyranny to
another equally obnoxious,"’ originated
solely with the Democrats. In attempting
thus to explain away LawTon's terrible in-
dictment of what {ts now anti-imperialism
our Bryanite contemporary doesn't help
ite case.

Whether the Philippine rebellion has been
kept up on account of lying reports purely of
Democratic origin, or through direct Demo-
cratic encouragement to AGUINALDO to
hold on until Bryan's election, makes Ilttle
difference ao far as concerns the Democratic
responsibility for the death of Lawton and
hundreds of other American soldiers.

England and France.

It ts evident from articles lately published
tn the Pall Mall Gazette and other London
newspapers that a great many English-
men are haunted with the belief that the
French will attempt to invade their island
at no distant date. No attack of the kind
is expected during the next three months,
but the theory of the alarmists is that,
after the Paris Fxposition is closed in No-
vember, fhe Waldeck-Rousseau Ministry
will be succeeded by a Cabinet representing
the so-called Nationalists, who are bitter
haters of their neighbors across the Chan-
nel, and who are convinced that their coun-
try’s prestige can be best retrieved at
England's expense.

Is there any likelihood that an English
invasion of Great Britain would prove
successful? Could a large French force
be landed in spite of the opposition which
it would encounter from the British fleet,
and, if it landed, could {it overcome the
resistance of the soldiers which would
he aeaembled for England's defence? Let
W@ tare the latter question firet, and allow
Englishmen themselves to answerit. The
other day about 80,000 men of all arms,
nearly all the so-called “ Regulars” remain-
ing in Great Britain, were collected at
Aldershot for the purpose of rehearsing
such mancuvres as would be necessary
were they ordered to take the fleld. The
Commander-in-Chief, Lord WoLseLry, was
present on the occasion, and, after wit-
neesing the performances of the troops
with disgust and indignation, publicly
pronounced them “ unfit for service.” Now,
if a French army were to land in England
at any time before the end of the war in
South Africa, the men reviewed at Alder-
shot would have to constitute the core of
the forces which England would hastily
array for her defence. But if, in the re-

luctant opinion of its own Commander-
in-Chief, this nucleus be itaelf wnfit for
service, how much more impotent would
be the Militia and the Volunteers to make
head against a well-organized and thor-
oughly drilled French army? When we
add vw once landed, such an invading

'

*

 
 

foroe would find nothing in the way of forti-
fications to check it on the march to London,
we must acknowledge that ite prompt capt-
ure of the British capital would be almost
a certainty. With Lendon onoe in their
poasesaion, the invaders might fairty regard
the work of subjugation as completed,
for the island of Great Britain is not only
relatively small, but it is covered with a
minute network of railways, so that no-
where would there be time enough to organ-
ize resistance on a large and effective scale,
Our conclusion {a one which is accepted
by almost all military authorities in Eng-
land, namely, that, if, under existing cir-
cumstances, a French force of all arms,
comprising from 100,000 to 150,000 men,
could onoe be landed in England it would
find the conquest of that country much
easier than did Wrrz1am the Norman.

But, it may be said, before the end of the
year, when, acoording to the alarmista,
an invasion may be looked for, the greater
part of the veteran troops now serving in
South Africa will have returned to England
and be ready to defend their native coun-
try, How much help can be expected from
that source? It is a fact to which attention
has been directed in the London Times
that, with the close of the war in South
Afrioa and the expiration of one year from
the date of enlistment of the special volun-
teer forces, the British army now in exist-
ance at the seat of war will all but vanish.
The total number of men landed in South
Africa from the outset has been 204,000,
of whom 71,000 belong to the Army Reserve
or Militia Reserve, 21,000 to the Militia
and 20,000 to the Yeomanry or Volunteers.
This leaves 92,000 Regulars still lable to
gervice, from which figure, however, must
be deducted a certain number of time-
expired men-—at least 10,000-another
14,000 to replace the men withdrawn from
India and the coaling stations; and, finally,
the loases from death, wounds and disease,
which cannot fall short of 7,000. The rem-
nant would be 61,000 men, every one of
whom will be needed in South Africa for
at least another six months after the com-
ing September, while 50,000 or more, accord-
ing to the best military authorities, will
be required fora year Thus, by an auto-
matic process, 60 to speak, the bulk of the
British army now serving !n South Africa
will disappear. What there is to put in its
place was disclosed the other day at Alder-
shot.

We now come to the question whether
a French army could land in England,
and we may admit that this would prove
impracticable unless the French fleet cov-
ering the transporte could 60 beat the
British fleet as to gain control of the Chan-
nel for several days. Is such a demonstra-
tion of even temporary naval superiority
on the part of the French within the sphere
of possibility? Again we will let English-
men answer, It was pointed out not long
ago in the English periodical, Engineering,
that British warships would be grievously
handicapped in a fight with American
or French vessels of equal size or arma-
ment by reason of glaring defects in their
engineer department. They are under-
manned in respect of engineers to an ex-
tent that would have seemed incredible
before the recent disclosures were made.
Nor is this all. A contributor to the last
mumber of the London National Review
drew attention to the fact that in July the
French possessed in the British Channel
a naval foroe equal if not superior fn fight-
ing strength to England's. The French
had at Cherbourg and Brest no fewer than
eighteen battleships and fourteen cruisers,
all modern or modernized throughout;
that is to say, where the ships were of anti-
quated construction they have been
rebuilt, reboilered and brought well up to
date. England, on the other hand, had
twenty-five battleships and twenty-three
cruisers in commission in home waters,
but not only were fifteen of the battleships
antiquated in design, furnished in many
cases with old boilers and rendered vulner-
able by a great amount of inflammable
wood in their hulls, but four of them actu-
ally carried the muzzle loader as part, if
not the main part, of their armament.
Then, again, the officer in command of the
French fleet, Admiral Gervais, has been
for years preparing himself for the special
task of directing the combined French
squadrons in the event of war with England,
and has made himself familiar with the
capacity of the ships and officers under
his control. If, on the other hand, a British
naval officer be asked who would take
supreme command of his country’s fleet
in the event of war with France, he will
frankly acknowledge that he has no idea.
No one familiar with naval history needs
to be told that England's lack of prepara-
tion in respect of study of the strategy and
tactics needed to solve a particular problem
might prove a serious disability.

When we add that France has for some
time been keeping nearly 200,000 men prac-
tically mobilized at Chartres, which lies
conveniently near the Channel porta, we
can see that the British alarmists have some
grounds for their fears and for their efforts
to put their country in a better position of
defence.

 

The Dread of Bryanism.

The religio-political Outlook thinks It
will be “a great and perhaps politically
fatal mistake ” if the supporters of the gold
etandard undertake “to secure the election
of Mr. McKrnuey by frightening the coun-
try from voting for Mr. Bryan.”

No such policy has been adopted and
certainly none is necessary. The people
of this country have been instructed thor-
oughly as to the meaning and inevitable
consequences of the 16 to 1 proposition
and the experience of unexampled pros-
perity which has followed Bryan's defeat
four years ago has demonstrated prac-
tically the fallacy of it. When, therefore,
BrYan forced the Kansas City Convention
to reiterate the demand of 1806 for the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 with-
out the aid or consent of any other nation
there was no longer any necessity for
frightening people about it, for of itaelf it
“frightened them from voting for Mr.
Bryan.”

If our politico-religious contemporary
will take the pains to inquire aa to the senti-
ment of men of business here in New York
and generally throughout the Union it will
find that fear of that device of Bryaniern is
as great now as it was in 1806, and that
the only difference now is that the anxiety
lest it should be approved by the people
has been removed by Bryan's overwhelm-
ing defeat in 1806.

Undoubtedly, “the popular apprehension
is not as great,” but it is only because, as the
election bets indicate, fear of the election
of Bryan has departed. If, however, at

any time before next November the abao-
lute confidence in the reélection of Presi-
dent McKINLEY now prevailing should be
seriously impaired and grave fear of the
election of Bryan should begin to arise,
our friend - has graduated from religion

a

£5 Nig sa ¥

 

      

—_——_-_---—-—-—————__—_ a

ES SSS
SS

WN ae abe a) CRA A ornare a ‘~~

“the popular apprehension” of the oon-
sequences of the election of Brran is aa
great as ever, greater even than it was in
1806. The downward courne of the market
would tell the story immediately.

THE SUN, TUESDAY, A

 

into politics would discover speedily that | sumed, is destined to become one of the

most densely populated regions on the globe,
even far down toward Montauk Point. In
fifty years it is not unlikely to have @ popu-
lation of at least five millions and probably

Capital | the elastic Brooklyn boundaries will be ex-

would fly to cover and enterprise would be | tended to include all of them.

brought to a standstill,
four years of Brraw in the White House
would produce alarm in every business
circle, It would not be necessary for
political campaign managers to frighten
the people, for they would be * frightened ”
of themselves and no policy of campaign
management could prevent them from
taking alarm.

Whatever disguise of * anti-impertalism ”
Bryan puta on, the prudence and the
business intelligence of the country are
afraid of him. They do not want him
in any uniform, and it fs only because they
are confident that they arenot going to have
him that “ apprehension” of his election no
longer disturbs their calculations, as the
present marketa prove.

Mr. Epwarp M. Surparp thinks or at
least says that a panic would be a cheap
price to pay for Bryan's election, but that
that price, cheap or dear, would surely have
to be paid is the unanimous conviction of
intelligent financiers and men of business,
Nor is their judgment in any way influenced
by any polloy of campaign management
to frighten them or any mere preivdice of
partisanship, for it prevails among those
who are of Democratic antecedenta no less
than among life-long Republicans.

As we have aald, therefore, it is unneo-
essary to go to any pains to “frighten the
country from voting for Mr. Bryan.” The
sort of men who would be frightened by
the prospect of his election are only “ fright-
ened” when they themselves discern a rea)
danger threatening.

 

The Colonel and the Wild Ostrich.

Col. BRYAN is mounted on his wild ostrich
Calamity again, and {ft fs running away
with him. In his Topeka talk he at once
accounted for prosperity and denied that
there is any:

“The prosperity argument which the Republicans
bring forward to answer all complaints against the
Administraifon will not decetve the farmer. He knows
that two factors enter into his income: First, the size
of his crop, and, second, the price which he receives
for the same. He does hot return thanks to the party
in power for favorable weather and a bountiful har-
vest, and he knows that the Republican party has no
policy which fnsures a permanent increase in agri-
cultural prices, Simee he sells his surplus in 4
forelgen market, he is not a beneficiary of the tariff,
and aince he produces merchandise and not money,
he does not profit by the appreciation of the dollar,
He knows that the much-vaunted prosperity, of which
he haa never had his share, ison the wane, in spite of
the unusual and unnatural stimulation which {t hes
received during the last three years. He knows that
each month of 1900 showsa larger number of failures
than the corresponding month of 1499, and that there
isalready a marked tendency toward @ dircrease in
the output of the factories. He knows, also, that
discoveries of gold, famines abroad, and war on three
continents have not been able to raise the price of
farm products as rapidly as trusts and combinations
have raised the price of the things which the farmer
buys"

First, prosperity {is the act of Gop and
occurs in spite of gold monometallism. Sec-
ond, there is no prosperity, since it is
rapidly shading into adversity.

This is a favorite piece of the Colonel's,
and he is repeating it on the Nebraska cir-
ouit.

The farmers are entirely capable of
accounting for their prosperity. But it is
very annoying to the Colonel. Inthe words
of the poet:

** Large crops,
Few Pops."

In the case of imperialism the Colonel tries
to make people see that which is not. In
the case of prosperity he has to try to make
them not see that which is,

So he pumps at his imagination, The
trade papers, in discussing the statistics of
failures in business for the first six months
of 1900, asserted that these had been the
fewest that have occurred during any six
months for eighteen years. But what does
Calamity rhetoric care for facts?

Wonderful Development of
Brooklyn.

The growth of Brooklyn during the last
decade, bringing it up to a present popu-
lation of 1,166,582, makes that borough of
itself one of the ten greatest cities of the
world. During the last twenty years only,
or since 1880, it has more than doubled
in population and its ratio oi increase in
the next twenty years will probably be
as great.

It is the part of the now consolidated city
of New York which has been growing the
most rapidly for fifty years and there is
every reason to expect that three decades
hence, if not before, it will contain more
inhabitants than the Manhattan borough,
or the old city of New York. Fifty years
ago ita population was less than one-fifth
of that of New York Now it is 1,166,582
to the old New York's 1,850,003.

The building of the Brooklyn Bridge,
opened to travel in 1888, gave the com-
munity a great impetus, the extension
and development of its trolley system
during the last five years sent it still further
forward, and new bridges, tunnels, and
increased railway facilities will drive it
ahead rapidly in the future, The oppor-
tunity for the expansion of New York
longitudinally has been improved by under-
ground trolleys and it will be increased
by the underground raflroad now build-
ing, but the growth of population laterally,
in Brooklyn, will be much easier. Brooklyn
can be extended at far less cost for im-
provement and its densely inhabited area
can be pushed much further, yet kept by
rapid transit within quicker reach of the
busy part of Manhattan Island than is the
Westchester region to which the longituci-
nal extension of New York is confined.
The land in the outlying districta of Brook-
lyn is easily excavated, while in West-
chester county there are hills and rocks to
delay improvement and enhance its cost.

The great mass of the increasing popu-
lation seeking homes in this consolidated
city, accordingly, will have to find them in
Brooklyn more and more as time goes on.
New York will remain the centre of busi-
neas, of fashion and of wealth. As it grows
to the northward the large cost of building
will compel the erection for the most part,
either of expensive residences for the rich
or of towering apartment houses for many
families.

Brooklyn, however, brought yearly into
more rapid and more comfortable oommuni-
cation with Manhattan Island, can be ex-
tended far down Long Island without
making the journey to reach ite extremest
limita prohibitory or even unduly trying
to men whose daily occupations are in this
borough. It can thus provide separate
homes for the vast population yet to be
added to it without taking them too far
away from their work, and thus its character,
remarkable among the urban communities
of the world, as a city of homes rather than
of trade, will be preserved.

Long Island, therefore, it may be as-

The

LORE a oa

  

The prospect of |

 

‘*The German Vote."’

Various newspapers are amusing them-
selves by collecting or inventing opinions
and statistics as to how the German-Ameri-
cans will vote next November, Probably
the German-Americans are heartily sick
of this, Each one of them can tell how he

{ and certain of his friends will vote; and he

{ opinions,

can tell no more, The German-Americans
will vote as they please and they are divided
as other Americans are in their political
You might as well talk about the
blue-eyed vote or the black-haired vote
as about the German-American vote. There
are German-American voters, some of them
in this party, some in that. Nobody con-
trols them but themselves, Nobody is
authorized to speak forthem. Nobody can
lead them by the nose.

We say this for the benerit of all oon-
cerned, and especially of the Hon. Carn
Scuunz and the Demooratic calculators
who are kindly casting “ the German vote”
for anti-impertaliam.

 

Mr. F. T. Bouimy, the author of ‘ The Cruine
of the Cachalot,"’ says a good word for the mod-
ern baitieship, in the London Spectator, He
says that the modern ships are restoring the old
lines of beauty, Monstrosities like the Frenoh
Hoche and Charlemagne are going out, butin
the British Formidable the battleship type ts
reverting more to that of the merchantman,
* Their spacious freeboard catches the -eaman's
eye at once, for a good freeboard means not
only a dry ship, but plenty of fresh air below
as well as a sense of security in heavy
weather.” Then when tested in Atlantic gales
“oneis never wearied of wondering at their
splendid stability and freedom from rolling
Which makes them unique fighting platforms
under the worst weather conditions.” Then
they steer perfectly, a range of over three and
a half degrees on either side of their cour-e
being sufficient to bring down heavy censure
upon the quartermaster."

Mr. BuLLEeN is bothered about the “ flotilla of
bonts carried by these ships,” since “going into
action one of the first things necessary would
be to launch them all overboard and let them
go, secured together, 60 that they might be
picked up again."’ He grimly admits that there
would be no meana of escape in case of sinking,
for nothing would be left to float.

Finally the battleship is good in not having
Belleville bollers, which are {n many of the
cruisers, This must sharpen the Belleville
issne.

 

SrxTo Torrz, formerly Secretary of the
Filipino Commission at Washington, attacks
Governor Roosevelt for saying in a recent
speech at St. Paul that {ff the Filipinos had
gained control “the streets of Manila would
have witnessed such scenes as those of the
streets of Pekin.”

A despatch from the correspondent of the
fondon Timea at Cavité, Aug. 2, 1898, com-
pletely justifies the Governor's assertion and
disposes effectually of this belated Filipino
denial. At that time the Spanish were holding
out at Manila, “It is an open secret,” said the
correspondent of the Times,“ of which I have
confirmation from the best sources, that Manila
will be surrendered any day the demand is
made, provided that assurances be given that
the inhabitants will be protected from the
insurgents, who declare openly their intention
of killing every Spaniard in the city. What-
ever the original purpose of the ineurgenta,
it is now a fact that their only incentive for con-
tinuing the conflict Is revenge and murder.”

This portion of a business letter which has
come to New York from Zoar. Va., shows the
progress of “‘government without consent”
in the Bryan distriot:

* We are all solid here for BRIEN; the Republican
vote ts blotted out by fraud

“ We generate colored children of various shades, but
we will never disgrace ourselves by eating with them
or letting them vote, as they do not want to vot
the Democratic Ucket. ad

 

—

The Regatta Committee {n Newport hasan
unusual chanos of showing what such a come.
mittee isfor, Theseries of ten races between
the seventy-footers leaves the Yankee one
point ahead of the Mineola. If she is entitled
toitsheshould keep it, and {f she t« not en-
titled to it it should be taken away from
her. The question rests on the right and
wrong of the collision between these two vach's
in the next to the last race, in which the Mineola
was put out of action and the Yankee increased
herecore. Unless the case {is decided on ity
merits, regardless of the clamor of such yachts-
men as are possessed of an uncontrollable fear
of *'sea law,” sport will be hurt. The boat that
won the series just over is the one which was
not at fault in the last coll sion,

A Kentuckian writes to the Springfleld Repwh-
lican that he went to the Crank Congress in
Indianapolis, and belfeves that {t waa ‘‘the
grandest demonstration he ever witnessed in
his life.” This is high praise, no doubt, but
what would this Kentuok'an aay could he have
the happiness to hear the Hon, Winuram Luoyp
GARRISON read one of his Tobasco-Tagalog
sonnets to Ervina WInstow, GAMALIFL Bran
rorp and the fanitor of the Anti-Imperialist
Watch Tower, Kilby street, Boston?

 

 

The Prosperous People of Fishkill.

To tHe Eprron oF Tar SvuN—Sir: A re-
cently published statement from the Banking
Department of the State of New York shows a
large increasein the amount due depositors in
the savings banks of this State for the half
year ending July 1, 1900,

Except during the vears from 1893 to 1897,
when persons had to withdraw money for living
expenses, the people of our State have shown
their appreciation of these excellent banks for
savings by constantly increasing their deposita.
What follows is known to many of our
local residents, and bheoause of the ex-
cellence of the showing I am of the opinion
the facta should be pub'ished for the benefit of
the McK Inley-Roosevelt canvass,

There may be other parts of this great Btate
that have made large gains in savings bank de-
posits; yet certain am 1 that the showing made
by the eavings banks of this town of Fishkill for
the past three andahalf vears cannot be exe
celled by any other. In 1899 Fishkill had a
population of 11,840, and{tia unlikely that the
census of this year will show much of an in-
crease

In the town there are three incorporated yvil-
lages, and In each fs a savings bank, vig.: At
Fishkill Landing, Mechanios' Savings Bank; at
Matteawan, the Matteawan Savings Bank, and
at Fishkill, the Fishkill Savings Institute. The
total assets of these three banks on July 1, 1900,
Was $2,633,453 82, and the amount due thelr de-
positors the same dav was $2,386 682.19.

These banks have all increased their deposits
amazing! in the past three and one-half years
and now owe ther depositors upward of one-
half a million dollars more than the amount
die them dan. 1, 1897, In this mited territory,
with nota large population, there is a people
actually more than 8500,000 richer than when
Cleveland was preparing to leave the White
House in 1807, With this one item staring the
Brran men in the face, isit to be wondered at
that the Demo-Pope try to steer clear of the
real issues of this campaign? There is not a
man of them hereabouts who will even ac-
knowledge that they prophesied disaster in
1896 tinless 16 to 1 came in.

Now their only hope (if hope it he) fs “im-
perialism’’ and they are ringing the changes
on that tune with ‘all the strength they oan
muster, On their own ground we can meet
them and are anxious thus todo. When cor-
nered they rush to cover and are not heard
from very soon again

The Republicans of southern Dutchess county
have much to encourage them this year in their
winning fight. The people here are not to ba
fooled by Bryanism. They know a good thing
when they have it, and as they are at least far
better off financially than they were four years
sialpl tens ce este tee sea

0} © the tof t ability,

PISHETLL, Aug. 28, F.V. ¥,

UGUST 28, 1900.

 
  

THE CHINESE SITUATION.

  

It seomn strange that not only haa there not
been any news direct from Pekin since Sunday
| the 10th, but no satisfactory reason is oMctally

given for the cessation of communication with
the Chinese capital and the American cor-
mander there, The only conclusion that can be

come to in the circumstances ia that the Chinese
are holding the roads between Yang-taun and
Pekin, and that it ia dificult for runners to get
through. There are various reports to justify
this belief, the most likely ones being those
stating that the Chinese are collecting In
force in the country between Tientain and
Pekin, It fs much to be hoped that the
convoy of wounded, and women and children,
said to have been getting ready to leave Pekin
under a strong escort for Tientain and Taku
may not have left, as their capture on the way
would place so many hostages in the hands of
the Chinese, supposing they met no worse fate.
All things considered the situation ts not a
reassuring one, and efforta to reopen the road
to Pekin and maintain the communications
cannot be made too soon,

Matters are further complicated by the ab-
sence of further communications from Li Hung
Chang, who seems to have dropped out of sight
for the moment, His ailence may, however,
be put down to histrving to open up corre-
spondence with the court, whose movernents are
uncertain, and into regions with which there Is
no telegraphic connection. One cause of pos-
sible complications haa been disposed of by
the refutation of a Chefoo rumor that
Russia, Germany and Japan had de
olared war on China, A study of the  sit-
uation seems rather to point to the view that
Russia and Japan are disposed to be forbearing
toward the Government of China as represented
by the Emperor and Empress Dowager, while
reserving their severity for the turbulent Boxers
and alleged mutinous soldiers. The object in
following this policy would be to avert the neces-
sity of declaring war against the only recognized
authority with which the Powers can treat, or
with whose delegates they can enter into nego-
tiation. There is no doubt that none of the Pow-
ers concerned in China have a greater interest
in upholding the present dynasty and fortifying
{ta power than Russia and Japan. That, how-
ever, will not prevent Russia from firmly as-
serting her authority In connection with her
railways and other concessions In Manchurla,

which, both for present and future purposes,

are vital to the prosperity of her eastern Asiatio
possessions. For the purposes, therefore, of
negotiation with a recognized authority it will
be necessary to adopt the principle that the
Emperor was not in any way responsible for
recent eventa if he can be persuaded to put
himself in direct communication with the rapre-
sentatives of the allled Governmenta either
directly, which would be preferable, or through
properly authorized agents.

 

 

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

 

The British under Lord Roberta and the
Boers under Gen. Botha huve come in contact
for the second time, and we may now look for
continuous and stubborn fighting for a period.
In his report of Sunday's fighting, Lord Rob-
erts stutos that the Boers are resisting stub-
bornly and that the country ts fuvoruble to
their tactics und disadvantageous to the Brit-
{sh mounted forces, As yet the fighting ts
only on the fringe of the mountuin region,
and must naturully become more difficult us
the Boers fall back and the British are drawn
into the defiles and broken region, descriptions
of which have already appeared tn Tag SUN.
From the order of attack, as described by Lord
Roberts, his object appears to be to cut in be-
tween Gen. Botha and Lydenburg on the north
and to get round his left flank on to the railway
line at Machadodorp. As the country becomes
less favorable for the use of cavalry, the con-
ditions of the fighting grow more equal, the
Boer artillery being numerous and well handled.

South of the Vaal the British just escaped
the loss of a body of Yeomanry, which was
attacked on Friday near Winburg by a more
numerous force of Boers while out recon-
noitring. They were relieved by a column

detached from Kroonstad. Later the Boers
in force made a general attack on the British
position at Winturg, but were beaten off with
considerable loss. Gen. Olivier with his three
fons was also captured: a serious logs for the
burghers, for next to Gen. De Wet he lias given
the British more trouble than any other of the
Free State commanders, it comes somewhat
a a surprise to know that there is still so large
A body of burghers with artillery still in the fleld
south of the Vaal, and if it be true that Gen,
De Wet has again crossed that river we may
hear of some more flgliting along the line of

railway north of Bloemfontein, that, taken
with the reassembling of the commandos in
the Transvaal west of Johannesbure and the

raids on the Natal raflway communications,
will be of great inconvenience to Lord Roberta
in his present operations, the supply of food
for his army being none too plentiful.

PASSPORTS NEEDED IN GERMANY.

Poltce Watching Travellers More Closely Bince
King Humbert’s Murder.

WASHTNGTON, Aug. 27.—The State Department
has received a despatch from the Chargé
d' Affaires ad interim of the United States at
Berlin, stating that sinoe the assassination of
thelate King of Italy travellers in Germany are
eubiected to a more strict police supervision
than has heretofore been the case,and Ameri-
cana are therefore advised to provide themselves
with passports from the Department of State
before going abroad.

In Berlin, as in many other German cities,
the police regulations in regard to the estab-
lishment of identity are strict. All hotel, lodg-
ing and boarding-house keepers are ulred
to inform the police, within twenty-four hours
of their arrival, of the nationality of the persons
who stay in their houses, and as to whether they
have passports, or similar papers.

The Berlin president of police has recently
ordered that these regulations be more strictly
enforced, and, as a result, several American
citizens have been subjected to some annoy-
ance, because they were not able satisfactorily
to establish their citizenship at once

Analysis of Census Figares for New York's
Popalation,

To THE FpITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: In 1890,
according to the eleventh cen-us, the popula-
tion of New York county was 1,515,901, Of that
number, 74,08 were in the Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth wards, now that part of the
borough of The Bronx between the Harlem
and Bronx rivers, which was annexed to the
city and county of New York in 1874, These
figurea show that In 1890, according to the
eleventh cenaus, the population of what ts now
the borough of Manhattan was 1,461,216. The
oensus of 1900 gives the population of the bor-
ough of Manhattan as 1,860,003. The numeri-
oal increase is 408,877, or 20.02 per oent.

Tn 1800 the territory now known as the
borough of The P-onx consisted of the Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth wards of the city and
county of New York and the town of West
Chester, t of the town of East Chester and

art of the town of Pelham of the county of

featchester, In 1800 the eleventh census
showed the population of the Twenty-third and
aeenyce'ee wards of the city and county of
New York to be 74,085, and that part of West-
chester which was annexed to fie city and
county of New York in 1805 and made a part of
the borough of The Bronx in :998 to.be, as
nearly as can be approximated, 18,970, making
atotal of 88,085 in the territory now known as
the borough of The Bronx, The census of 1900
gree the population of the borough of The

Jronx as 200,507. The numerical increase dur-
ing the decade {s 112,452, or 127.70 per cent,

Nn 1800, according to the eleventh census, the
population of Kings county was 838,547. "The
census of 1900 shows the population of the bor-
ough of Brooklyn, which ts coextensive with the
county of Kings, to be 1,166582. The numerical
increase during the decade is $28,035, or 39.12
per cent,

Tn 1890, according to the eleventh census, the
pepelenes of the territory now comprising the
wrough of Queens was, 4s nearly as can be ee-
timated, 87,050 census of 1900 gives the
Pobulatlon of the borough of Queene 48 152,609.
e@numerical increase during the d .
65,040, or 78.75 per cent, . ——.

n 1800, according to the eleventh census, the
population of the county of Richmond was
Al fag, The census of 1900 gives the population
ofthe borough of Richmond, which ls coexten-
aire wite the sounty of {ehmond, as 67,021.

ve numerical increase during the d
15,328, oF 29.65 per cent. eoade te

ene

 

ee aca eisai eieaeniatiamiinaniieniinianemrcies

 
  

{ere is a comparative table:

Population, Popwation, Per cent
| 500 1900, Increase.
Bronk. .cesses... 88,088 200,507 127.70
ste eecers nine ‘ 12e.ee2 75.76

\. +166,54 39.1
Richmo 51,608 67,021 aes
+441,216 1,650,003 20.02
Totalasess..«..2,506,501 8,437,202 87.12

2 Porvunattom,

    

PAYMENT IN SILVER,

The Commercial Harm That Bryan Might Do.
To te Eprron or Tht SuUN--Sir:

{inauguration of Mr. Bryan he would have the

| power to order payments due from the United

States tobe made in eilver dollars;"’ and that

“thie would mean panio—that every foreign |
Government would at least protest against such |

payment to ita citizens.” This assertion has

lately been doubted.

Grant me space for a brief statement of some
of the grounds of my bellef. 1 had sup osed
that the mere assertion would suffice, because
lhad heard of no arguments to the contrery
I did not say that he would have “lawful”
power,

Nor do Isay that Mr. Bryan certainly would
exercise that physical power, That he could,
and therefore might do +o, ie 4 fearful menace
to national credit and the welfare of the peo-
ple. Of a fanatic almost anything may be pred-
icated that comes within the sphere of his fa-
naticiam,

Personally I believe as a lawyer, that the
great remedial writ of injunction should fssue
to restrain an attempt to pay United States
bonds insilver, But that consideration is not
Hkely toaffeet Mr. Brvan, for both he and hia
Chicago and Kansae (ity platforms oppose what
they style “government by injunction.” He
would be likely to resent any attempt to “gov-
ern” his Secretary’s action by “injunction.”

United States bonds, and their coupons, gen-
erally express on their face that payment shall
be made “‘in coin’ neither “stiver’ nor ‘gold’
being actually specified, When the large bond
issue of Mr. Cleveland’s Administration was
about to be placed, it appeared that if “gold
coin” had been specified in the bonds they
would have been sold for about $16,000,000
more than were obtainable with the up-
qualified word ‘coin.’ And this was because
there appeared to be an opportunity for the of-
ficer In charge of redemption to interpret the
word “coin” as meaning either gold or silver;
eo that the option as to the kind of coin would
be within the determination of the bondmaker
and not of the bondholder, The unbroken cus
tom of the United States, from the beginning,
has been to redeem their bonds and coupons in
“gold coin.” And one of the objects of the Cur-
rency act of March 4 1900, was to ratify and
perpetuate that custom.

The first section of that aot declares that the
gold dollar “ shall be the standard untt of value,
and allforms of money issued or coined by the
United States shall be maintained ata parity of
value with this standard, and it shali be the
duty of the Secretary of the lreasury to main-
tain auch parity.’

Every Secretary of the, Treasury who up-
holds the “gold standard” wiil interpret this
section as requiring him to make payments for
bonds and other payments by the Governinent
in gold, in conformity with anoient custom and
publicexpectation and faith, To such an pi.
cer payment of those obligations in sliver w ruid
be regarded as an act of partial repudiation,
astain upon the financial honor of bis country.

Unfortunately, there is no express statute di-
rectly commanding that the bonds and coupons
shall be paid in ‘ gold coin.’

To all previous Secretaries @ just res
custom and public expectation has

flective as positive law
7 If, now, a man urievously afflicted with the
monomania tor ‘Free Silver at 16 to 1" should
become President next March, he would eppoins
a like-rninded Seeretary of the Treasury. What
interpretation would he give to the command of
the act above quoted, and what to the promise
of the bond to pay in ‘coin?’ It he sincerely
believed in the declarations of Mr, Bryan and his
platform he would sy that “‘silver ts equal to
gold; silver is coin; L will pay the bonds in silver
coin, as faras the available quantity jn the
Treasury wil go. By the time that is gone the
magic of silver willee so apparent that Con-
gress will enact a Frye Silver bill, and the silver
of all the wor!d will hasten to our min's.

He will believe tat the factot paying bonds
{n silv or will, of itself, establish the parity com-
manded ‘'.n the act.”
my will be 80 ‘pormsessed’’ by the Bryanistio

et for
en as

idvao tue‘ power’ of silver that he wil not
see that; avment of a nation’s bonds in less
than the “best coin’ is agrave attack upon {ta
horor and eredit; an affront and injury toevery
bondholder at home and especially abr aa,
He will fall to see that the payment of a thou-
sandsiver dollars to a London, Frankfort or

Paris bondho'der for a thousand-dollar bond
would be to pay him in coin worth only its
bullion value (say $590) ottside of the United
Stutes, Such sction would justly invite gov-
ernmental protestsin behalf of the vast nuin-
bers of European bondholders; might justly
lead to serious internationa: difficulties,

Mankind would regard such conduct as re-

udiation to the extent of the difference be-

ween 1,000 silver dollars and 1,000 gold dollars

measured by their buliion value. Now, on the
established custom of our Government bonds
bei .@ actually parable in gold coin, the United
States’ credit is the highest in the world—they
place their bonds at 2 per cent., England at 8
per cent.! With such a measure of repudiation
as that above indicated, we could not place
bond= atany rate above that paid by lurkey!
Whether there be or not (as stated by some
writers) cnly $15,000,000 of available silver in
the Treasury, Goes not matter, At thie writing
statistics are not before me.

One single payment of a hundred-dollar bond
{n silver coin would establish the poxious prin-
ciple of 47 per cent. repudiation, as weil as if
$15,000,000 or $1,0.0,000,000 were paid in that
way, contrary to custom and public faith.

We cannot confine our financial course to our
own domain. Silver, under present laws, is as
good as wold Gave |or convenience) in domestio
transactions—biut,in all our foreign business
our silver coin is nothing but bullion. For the
sake of the Silver Trust shall we embarrass,
risk or surrender all foreign business?

JOSEPH CULBERTSON CLAYTON,

New York, Avg. 24.

 

Stars and Stripes on the Fiffel Tower.

To THE Eprror oF THE SUN--Sfr: In your
Paris letter to-day, dated Aug. 13, permit me to cor-
Tect an error.

The Stars and Stripes had the honor of the Etftel

Tower alone on the 4thof July. No other fag was

there, and |t was there im compliment aud honor of

one who knows. N.
NEw YORK, Aug. 26.

British Shooting on Sunday.
From Golf Illustrated,
’ Sunday grouse shooting has now appeared, for

St. Grouse's Day was om the 12th—a Sunday—and
the temptation was too strong for some.

 

The Man Shirt Waist at Squawville,

From the Denver Evening Post.
We have never raised objection toa decent sort of

dress

When the fashion wasn't earried to the borders of
exrecss

Tolerated starchy bosoms free from wrinkles and
from warps

When the feller that assumed 18 was a bridegroom or
@ corpse.

Never had no kick @ comin’ ff @ feller made a

boun

To the dizzy realms o' fashion when his birthday
come around,

Or would celebrate his freedom by «@ dressin’ loud

an’ gay
A bentiin® of his sperttta when bis wife would run
away.

‘We have practised self-denial by a holdin’ down the
tongue
Fur to scv a feller primptn’ when a goin’ to be hung,
An’ Rave tried to curb our anger when the Honable
4 Swet
Togged himself to go to Denver when his Legislatur’
met

But except on sich occasions we have allus tried to
trainp
Mighty clus to the traditions of our free an’ easy

camp

An’ Whe roller that discarded of the sacred o!* wool
shirt

Fur the polished open-backer stood a chance o’ gtttin’
wurt!

Poker Frank had bin to Cripple lookin’ fur an easy
SUAD
An' had paralyzed the surplus of a tender-footed

chap,

An’ to celebrate his winnin’ his exaggerated taste

led aA nto the assumption of a masculine shirt
wals

"Twas so loud we heerd tt comin’ "bove the rattlin’ of
the Mage

An’ the sight of {t brought on us quite a Mt o' right-
eous rage!

Acted on us modest fellers in our shirts o° faded

wool
Like the Hleht of a red blanvet stirs the passions of a

Batata onataad ge inchameny en,
Srresqonn i fur chuckin’ sich an fnsult at his
An’ Se vue he got his Jag off be would try to make
But me wasin sassy humor, seemed to glory in his

shame.

Asked us upto hit the snakefutce, an' when we de
clined the same

Our unprecedented action seemed to paralyee the

ent
Made ‘him meeker than # woman, fur he
what it meant! moar Se SRS Smt

I remarked to Parson Bfll when Prank was struggtiin’
on ¢ tree
From a trope made of the garment he had sported tn

So free

That 1 really felt sorry we had bin compelled to
make

Sich & Guite extreme example, butour honor was at
s ¢.

An’ his reverence jest only tuk occasion fur

That it was the Lord that giveth an’ thet taketh wen

away,
An' be b ‘'d prove a warntn’
9 hopes prove a in’ to the youth of all

Not to puss the :
| b Suet sin 0° fashion as @ viper in the

Ina
recently published letter I said that “upon the |

    

The Coal and Coke Tonnage Is More Than
Five Times That of Grata.

Ameriean railroads carry in a year the grons

total of 1,000,000,000 tonacf frelult. Tho fre wns
so carried is much diversified and the rates o¢
transportation are cheap, twoimportant! |ten «in

railway freight service. Itia a common beliur
that the obief freight on American roads \y
| grain, and that the earnings of the various road,
are dependent largely upon the harves: f
cereals, Indireotly this is true, for larwe jar.
veata at remunerative prices mean money to
farmers for other articles which railroads tran,
port, but, actually, the profite mode b
roads from the tranaportation of grain are ‘ea,
than from other articles of freight

J.aat vear the American railroads transported
0,000,000 tons of grain of all kinda, wheat, corn
rye, barley and buckwheat, while the lanepon
tation of anthracite or hard oon! wan 06.000 699
tons, or 60 per cent, more than that of aj! +
grains collectively. Coal, which te the enet:.:
and least expensive item of freight to hand\.
furnished the railroads of the United Stato.
with their chief tonnage The fleures of
anthracite coal tran<portation are greitly oy
ceeded by these of soft or bituminous coy
transportation, whitch amounted last re ,
200,000,000 tons; that is to say, abeut one-iiy
of the total freleht tonnage of American rai)
roads ia in Hitumtnous coal and nearly go ,
cent, of the total freight tonnawe of Amer
railroads fain coal, hardand soft. Another vr
important item is lumber. The railroads of t 4
United States carried last year 66,000,000 rons
lumber and the development of the limber {
teresta, Notably in the Southern Blates, «uppi:
ing yellow pine, andin Michigan and Wiseor,
ein, supplying hard woods, is steadily treren.
ina, Another very large item_in the fretgh:

business of the raliroads of the United Miate. «
'
'
|

 
 

ore, partioularly iron and copper ore, and toad
andzine. The railroads transported las: ven;
60,000,000 tons of ore, Stili another iter «
portance is stone and sand, usually crouped +
ether, of which 86,000,000 tons were transported
last vear
Since Englind has beeome an {mroertan:
marketfor American dressed heef, and
Gerinany and France have admitted (t w
invidious restrotions and Waster: beef he
larwely superseded Kastern Lect inthe}
market, the railroads of the country have jac
larwe business in the transportation of meat
products. Louat year they carried 25,000,000 tor
of these--16,000,000 tons of liva stock, 6,000
tons of dressed meata and 6,000,000 for
packing house products, of whieh har, {
and bacon are the chiel. Another conader)!
item of American railroad freight {8 four
bazs or barrels, and of which 15,000,00
were transported Inst year, Cotton, the
one of the moat important of American pr
ducta, is shipped chiefly by steamers except
from fleldtoshipping point, an important {tem
business for southern and Southwestern rovd
Seven million tons of cotton and 12,000,000 ton
of vegetables and fruit were corried by ra
ronds last vear. Some of the other lara@eftern«. ¢
freight tonnage last year were petro:
| 9,000,000 tons; hay, 6.000,000; tobacco, 1,50"
oultry, game and fish, 1,200,000; woo), &.000,04
ides aidleather, 2,000,000; resin and turjws
tine, 1,000,000; sugar, 4,000,000; ime, brek and
cement, 18,000,000; iron, 22,000,000, maechtoory
and castings, 15,000,000; bur and sheet meta
16,000,000; agricultural implements,
Wine, beer and liquor, 9% 500,000; wagons,
ringes and tools, 2,000,000, and coke, 32,000,009
tons, Such are the chief ftemne, but they do not
{nelude what in railroad desivnation {s “me
| chandise,"” drygoods, clothing, household
| @effecta, boots ard shoes, hata aid groe ries
The amount of ‘merchandise’ trans: orted on
|

2,000.04

American ra!lroads lavt vear wor 40,000,000 10

Dairy producta furnish 1,500,000 and miser|-
lane us articles, not otherwise cla-sified,
40,000,000

The groaa revenues of American ratlrond«
from freight armounted last year to $1 000,000.-
000, or about the rate of $1 for each ton of
freight carried, a remarkably cheap rate. Thera
are about a million andahall freight cars in
use on American railroads, carrying from fifteen
to twenty-five tons of frighteuch, The policy
of American railroads in recent vears has been
to Increase the carrying capacity of ireight cars
and to lengthen freight trains and increase
their speed

 

  

 

THE “BOSH” CLUB,

What It ts, and Why Old Democrats Join It.

From the Watkine Erpreas.

Editor Wotkine Erpress: My attention has
Deen called to an article published this after-
noon tn aloeal Democratic paper orfticieing my
conduet in Joining the McKinley and Roosevelt
Club of this village, and saying among other
things that ‘it {s another proof that the
moneyed men are pooling their interests with
Hanna and McKinley, leaving the laboring men
and poorer classeato depend upon Bryan for
relief." Incommon with many other Ameri-
can citizens having property {nteresta Hable to
be affected by political legislation, I confe
that Inaturally sympathize with the party
which seeksto protect rather than destr:
them, In so doing, however, I cannot brir«
myeelf tohelieve that I am antagonizing t)>
interests of any laboring man, or den)
“relief inany way to those people whom the
paner fn question refers to as the “poorer
classes,”

Four years ago, largely as a result of the free
silver agitation then sweeping throug) th.
Sates, many of the employees of what isn ow
the Pennsylvania division of the New York ( 6:
tral were not averaging more than twenty dav.
per month. To-day the same men averace, in
what are called railroad days, thirty-five ;
month, while some of the engineers are abs
earn amonthly wage of over $150. Four v
ago in the mines, in which Iam interested, |

men were not working on an average of moro
than two dava per week. These same mer
now working overtime, and, in addition to

we have increased the rate of wages 9° |
cent. and doubled the number of emplovers I!
there is any laboring manin Schuyler ov

out of employment he oan have work in ple
at_these mines,

In view of these facts ithas seemed to me
that my Interests and those of the dav labors
are governed by the same rules of canse an
effect, and that the welfare of industry nt
property in whatever form wi!l be best
served by the redlection of President McK :

Concerning the so-called paramount issue of
jmperiaiiom, I heartily eympathize wit ,

udgment of some of my friends who have pv =
jely referred to itas “bosh.” It is bes!

Watkins, N. Y¥., Aug. 22. Jonny MAFF

Street Beggars.

To THe Eprron or THE StNx-—Str: I eve
that tn Cleveland the authorities tntend to remove
from the streets all crippled and deformed ees
Why can we not do the same thing here? Every o
knows that not one beggar ina thousand ts deserv
ing of charity.

We have criticised Spanish, Turkteh and Ital
cities forthe display made by the beggars theretr
There ts asturdy cripple whose beat tatn Rareloe
street. He bas seemingly one arm and contorted ee
He siteon the sidewalk and holds out his hat he bas
sat there for years The other day he had the st er
of his shirt carefully turned back to disclose tie sear
made by the oprration—whatever it was—that rr
moved his left arm. This was on apar with the
Italian and Spanishand Turkish way about bere
I presume pegeing may be said to be this sturdy ert

le’s regular business. If itis, {t pays well. Hers
ully, G. B

   

 

Elthu Burritt tn the Hall,

TO THF FEvITor or THY Stx—Sfr: Mifhu Por
ritt (New Britain, Conn., 1410-1879) is. 1n my opini
entitled to position fn the Hallof Fame He did mors
than any other man Inthe causeof cheap postr
He also spent twenty yearsof his Weasa lecturer

upon peace, travelled through F.ngland from ° g
to village at Disown expense. and was more inf
tal than any other qman or menin settling, 4
tration, the dispute between the United States a
Great Britain (the Oregon boundary dispuv
event.” one historian asserts, which posterity ©
perhaps consider the most importantin this century”
T would be glad of an opportunity to prove bi ra
to an honored place among the famous m:
America ROLLIN C, WOOSTER.
New YORK, Aug. 28.

,
‘

 

 

“Votoes of the Night.’’

TO THE EDITOR oF THE SUN—Sfr In
issue of Aug. 1 there was a notice of an arrest!
West Thirty-second street for playing a hand or
after 7 P. M. in violation of the ordinance. There
derits of West Thirty-fourth street took courage !
ing the reform would «xtend two bbocks furtiie
Suppresa the unnecessary yelling of the newsh'
who murder sicep till 2 or 3 A Evident!s
ordinance stops with muste, If there is no ordina:
@gainst such 4 nuisance our City Fathers show
enact one and gtve us a much needed rest

A SUPPERING RESIDENT

New YORE Aug. 25,

 

Shirt-Watee Compromise.

TO THE Eprror or THE SUN—Sir: I have reo"
With mixed amusement and Interest the letters
dressed to you and published regarding the “s!
waist’ formen. I beg to mediate between thr
parties and offer the following compromise. A

less Coat made of “shirt-waist’ material, sings
double breasted and pocketef, with a neckhand
the ordinary shirt and a turned-down collar. 7
would combine the comfort of the ‘shirt waist” e:
the dignity which attaches toa man's

tersmesnt” any objections tom. qs star oe
Durnorr, Mich, Aug. oq 7 ©". COMMMA™

2238.

3

bg 5S35 22525

RB

ee

gz

é, 322253 =

au
>

alue
itw

the