t

4

NEWS
PATNE ND THE
The THEATRE REOPENS A
ant ret K COMPANY REA PPEANS.

  

players Hleartily Welcomed tn
Omeers'=New Sketch at Proc-
OA Peacefal Ending''~What
Fotertain New Yorkers.

Familler
oprother
tor’s « alled
Is Delonas lhone to

rhe fashionable theatres to reopen

The

rs pow wenaon was the Empire, whieh
ad a seventh year last night Charles
Pr he i took company was again on view,
re

| be there only two nights and then three
~ oo will be #pent in travelling through the
nee hefore it will persent a new play in New
= This oraanization has been in cclatence,

te favor, for nine years, two of whten were
apent in Proctor’s Theatre, before the finpire
was built for its tse The play last night was
“Brother Omoera,” which served as a popular

eraion for two months last season, The re-
= ] was an exact counterpart of the oriainal,
bi the single exception of the absence of

che Burton from the cast. Hlor auecessor
srearet Tale, whose abilities were not
tested in the alight part of tradeeman’s society
Joving dauehter. She looked pretty, though,
and fulfilled the slight requirementa of the role.
All the familiar members of the company were
y greeted

ls favorite miselng was Jeasle Mill-
ward, who had no part in the comedy.
Bhe returned from her vacation in England
@aturday, and Mr, Frohman will put on
*Lord and Lady Alay” on Sept. 8 for a single
formance, 80 that she may make her bow

fo New York before going on the tour, Mar-
Ailed the principal feminine role

Blan
was Marea

aret Angin! ,
aie as charmingly and sympathetically as
before, William Faversham had a part in the
honest but uneultured soldier in which he
appeared advantageously, Edwin Stevens
was acain admirable in his tropersonation of
the Australian swindler. The other roles were
flied capails as originally by Mrs Thomas
Whifan, £. Y. Backus, George W. Howard
Gi Standing. doseph Wheelock, Jr, George
8 Jvester \ H. Crompton and Lillian Thur-
gate el

id Daly made his first appearance in
at Proetor’s Twenty-third Street
yesterday, using a new short play entitled
*, Peaceful Ending.” The playbill gave no
| horship, but from other sources

qdiie to 8 thor
plavlet'schtef actorand author

{twas learned they
Its Interesting momenta followed
of its one woran behind a folding
fire screen, Sich screens are very useful to
the writers of short farces for continuous
consumption, and are employed
almost as frequently as are
decanters of red lquor, This short play had
both soreen and decanter, But the interest
that came from the employment of the screen
was of anew sort, and was sufticiently great to
{nsure many repetitions of the short play.
It opened with two men expressing disappoint-
over the fact that two wormen had been

Amo
vaudeville

were one

the placipa

vaudeville
in such pieces

   

ment
unable to take a gay supper at the rooms of
one of them. After one of _ these

chaps had gone, one of the wornen arrived
to keep her appointment, Sho was an

actress and was properly shocked to find that
she waa the only woman in the apartment, in=
gtead of being one of a considerable company;
but she lingered long enough to be caught by
the arrival of the man whom she was engaged
to marry. Ue was @ playwright, a German
with pronouneed dialect and excitable, He
came his friend sbout the concluding act
of his forthcoming tragedy, He explained the
plot with growing excitement, eng of a Jeal-
ous quarrel between two men who, iough fast
friends, loved the same woman, The descri

tion fitted the casas of the three characters of the
jay who were withia he g the woman being
hind the screen, As the dramatist waxed
more eloquent and more comical in his blunders
in Er lish, his friend became suspicious that
he knew his sweetheart was present. So pe
listener tried to soothe t eo declaimer, but the
artistio fires were hot, arél, acting and speak-

 

 

 

{na, the describer raced on to where he
was to kill the false friend and | then
search for tha hidden woman. The friend

argued in vain that the drama should have a
peaceful ending, but the other was indignant
and demanded to know where hia search should
n, Ah, thesemen! and he dove for the one
in sieht, Rut he wee held back, and assured
that it was bad art to have the searcher look first
in the place in whieh the woman was hidden,
Tt would be according to convention, declared the
apprehensive listener, to search first the “blue
room, 4!) dramas had it thus. Then as the
frenvied writer dashed out the door to follow
the suggestion the other gaye warning to the
concealed woruan, Next he demanded that the
other search a “fed room,” and as the latter
acted accordingly the woman started to es-
cape, but was seen before she fot outside the
doorway, She pretended that she was entering
fast id of departing, and the alarmed man
elned readily in her deceit,
The playwriwht had a moment of jealous
scicion but then recovered and in departing
* his sweetheart assured the other chap
the thought a peaceful rather than a tragio
ending to hiswraad play would be better, From
the mome it of tha dramatist’s appearance the

 

tiny play was highly amusing. Its preface
Was too long, and was made so in order that
Mr. Daly contd change the eostume of the

f iracter he assumed at the start. Vaudeville
ollo vers a @ critleal of the quickness of cos-
tume changes and wont excuse much of un-
interesting talk to cover one shift. So unless
the actor can condense hia preface otherwise,
he will do well to give up altogether the Idea
of a second character. He was highly suc-
cessful in the second one

The time in New York theatricals has come
éround when entertainment seekers can find
about an even number of summer and fall
shows to choose from. The supply of both
fs good. In warm-weather amusements the
city's roof gardens, the Victoria, the New York
and the Casino, hold their own in popularity.
The moving pletures of the Fitazsimmons-Rublin
fight attract attention in Mr. Hammerstein's
Tesort. ‘There is some talk of using the Cherry
Blossom (irove as a winter garden. That it
can easily be kept warm enough is assured when
one recalls that Mr. Hammerstein used to uso
it for French balls during January and Feb-
Tuary a few years ago. Manhattan Beach,
with “The Ameer,” Fanclulli's concerta and
Pain's flreworks, ia as popular as a fortnight
ago, when it had fewer rivals

The list of six theatres in use in New York
= be swelled by four more before the week's
end. The Fourteent Stree il ope
Tt , and K as Blal's, a ee
and Hurtig & Seamon’s, Saturday, The run
of “The Cadet Girl” at the Herald Square is
drawlig near to tts ¢ lose,and that of The Rebel”
The e \c wemy of Music ona commenced,
4% Grand Opera Alouse has “The Belle of New

ork,” and sensational melodramas are at the
Star and Third Avenue, - ”

The continuous shows were lively
ree share s

 

huraday

you and a
f their contributors were enter-

 
 
 

 

 

     

e ers of the first class, Proctor’s Palace
a) Luly * HB. Raymond as first specialist, and
& Muehable one-act play, "A Duplicate Hus-
bend, ume with other ipactalt innings,
i ee ud bill provided at Proctor’s 125th
x 4! Was costly, Rice and Cohen, Edna
ng, M rris’s ponies and the Shaws were some
fied wet employed, Henry Lee's mimicry
a a a ng that was made conspicuous at
ieee Fifth Avenue, and Louise Willis
BSI Y ean vaudeville employment. Dig! y
wal . mounced in big types at Proctor s
dns Mn urd Street, Tmogene Comer's songs
fetuit a's equilibrism being other striking
ae he bill, At Keith's Frany Ebert,
Sade te median of the German Lilliputians,
Te ue vat in vau He, and Lottie Gilson,
scen, canine and Grapewin and Chance were
oo Tamar Ones, Gene Hughes was
ey i914 a short play at Pastor's, where
4 fone sand the Emperora were specialists,
Sh i inlesque show, pieced ont by va-

» WaS given at the Dewey, Wax

 

 

   
 
 

   

Works, band music and cinemato rap lawn
mgde up the offerings at the Bplograpa. vi we
f the re enhounced yesterday that th
ie ryt eovenina of the Madison Goward wenn
te fen Saturday, Sept. & Instead of
Hushanda of” Monday, as wtended, “The
Christina” Ja@onting,” and “th and Little
aid hy tha ; early ready for produetion now,
fet * me their first night will not cone
1 other heduled for the both
Walsh rene rev hich Blanche
Ita Get 6 > ut oadway, commenc-
fomanca of been named “Marcella” [tis a
tween oy Lhanes and (uebee in the years bes
. an he a the principal pare will
Art, - Eliot iM ss Wals Ernest \; 1s tings,
and Mrs Ny oseph Li Kilgour, Anna Beaupre
F M 5} M Stevens
is con 4 t ( hawford, accompanied by nis wife,

country to be present at the
ican Lor inert Stoddard’s dramas
1, "In the Palace of the King.”

 

  
  

’ ;
' nW thy Hafton on Sept. 24,
i au Wen prominent part in
Fro} ma, ne melodrama, when Charles
fe Hees It at the Garden nexts
ane ' will eontinue to ¢
. hha figerin “et ’ "
May \ . Heart
to fulg; hes oridganeccent s 2 ee oer
‘ ntwith AH. Chambertyn,

AMes T) Power, rere
: isin London sti ,
oy as played at Daly's there ady ing

comical Chinaman in the

‘San
He will act
New York pro-

Mm. Caroline Kerle
we the leading actroas o has been engaged
RE actraan of Jo .
y in “The Cyphor Colne k. Kellard’s

 

FROM STAGELAND, |

 
 
   

  

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN,

More men who spend their business hours
below Fourteenth street are away on vacations
than ever before in the memory of the oldest
barber, The restauranta are not more than
half filled and the men who rely on the lunch
hour patronage are complaining bitterly. The

 

| thavager of the largest downtown lunch room

SSeS SSS SSS SS SSS SSS
SSS ——

Ls

said last week that if he bad anticipated such
4 general exodus during August he would have
reduced his force one-third, “Men who have
been coming here regularly for years,” he sald,
“and who have been satisted during the summer
with Saturdays and Sundays for holidays have
this year taken a regular vacation. They have
gone away, I suppose it Indicates that the
post year has been a prosperous one for them,
but it has hurt our buainess for the month
more than you can realize. It {a really a very
extraordinary condition of affairs.” The courts
are now closed and a man who looked for eight
different lawyers last week found that every

one of them w. away on @ vacation.
dulnega in Wall Btreot has perm tted Brokers
r

and their clerks, who were worked a year ago
to the limit of endurance, to ao away fora reat,
From. these indications the downtown, men
shuld return in September rejuvenated and
well tanned.

The report that pewter mugs for beorare
losing their popularity in England may, if
true, result in the shipment of some of them to
this country, where the demand has almost
exhausted the supply. Old pewter mugs
which are in good condition, command prices
in the few antique shopa which have them
that are little leas than silver mugs would bring.
William Curtis Gibson, who has been a col-
lector for many years, haa half a dozen pewter
mugs, somewhat battered but serviceable,
which date back more than a hundred years.
Several of them have inscribed on them the
initials of some one of their owners. There
are a few old chop houses which secured stocks

of pewter mugs many years ago when their
chief value, in the eyes of their peoptietora,
was that they could not be broken and for at
least one such place the mvg@s are a valuable
asset hey are untque in shape and show
very little evidence of their long servioe. When
the appointments of the old few ol chop house

 

on Sixth avenue were sold a few old mugs were

knocked down cheapty. e old Nglish
pore have been duplicated and severa
rms of allversmitha have reproduoed the pat-

terna, either in solid or {n silver-plated ware.
It bas long been a tradition, however, that it
{s the pewter which gives a pastioularly pleasing
taste to ale and beer drunk from Jt, and men
who believe this are not willing to accept the
silver substitutes.

The failure of the Earl of Yarmouth's eum-
mer theatricala furnished additional proof of
the unreliability of merely soctal support,
and the resentment always felt at an obvious
attempt to make profit out of it. One or two
of the performances given by the Earl of Yar-
mouth’s company at the Newport Casino at-
tracted large audiences, but the attendance
at the others was small and Narragansett
Pier failed to take any interest whatever in
the visita of the actors. The shrewd manager
who gave the Earl his first opportunity as a

rofessional engaged him at a large salary
or only five wre s, and at the end of that term
offered him half the amount he had previously
received, [le waa grapoyed only fora very brief
peed in yaudeville and now Newport, where
ie might have expected to find a haven, has
shown plainly that it has wearied of him. Yet
{t was only a few months ago that his appear-
anoe there in amateur theatricals was the event
of a swnmer season, The residents of the
summer elty have not exhibited this indifference
in his case alone, Entertainers have not pros-
ered there this year and the malority of Them
nave been made to realize that society desires
a respite from the sort of diversion supplied
so liberally in winter and does not care to be
followed into ita summer retreats Py. the same
cohort of tingers and reciters that It supports

New York. The London plan of expectin

em to ap merely for the sake of the a
vertisement is said to be pop’ now with New-
ort hosteasea, who have @ opted fn this way
he most powerful means of getting rid of
these unwelcome followers.

 

New York has never known a more enduring
plague of mosquitoes than this summer has
produced. The characteristic of this year's
crop is the regularity with which they have
been found. Their appearance formerly in
various sections of the city and not in others
gave rise to the theory that there were certain
mosquito belts and the streeta which bounded
them rr specified. If there was ever any

round in that prpothests it has disappeared

his year and there has practically been no
limit to the fleld of the mosquito® activity.
They have been found high up in hotels where
they were never known before and they are at
home in cable care. The only compensation
for this impartiality in the matter of neighbor-
hoods ia the comparative harmiessaness of the
bites, which leave no marks. The alterna-
tions of heat and rain are commonly ought
to be responsible for the pest this year, an ~
forme atreets in so many quarters have h
their Influence fn aiding this unpleasant feat-
ure to summer life in the city,

 

Evidently Mra, Leslie Carter’s marvellous
red hair is not to be ignored in her plans for
the future, and will be relied on to give its
asalstance to what her great dramatic talents
may accomplish. Mra, Carter's manager,
David Belasco, in outlining her work for several
yeara to come, has shown how much reliance
he places on this feature of the actress's equip-
ment, One of her plays is to be based on the
history of Mme, Dubarry, and Mr. Belasco is
delighted at the historical fact that the famous
courtesan had red hair, Quite a different rort
of a heroine {sto be seen in a play called “The
Red Mouse,” and as she gets this name from
her personal appearance {t_i@ probable that
the color and puaastty. of Mrs. Carter's hair
were a part of the inapfration to the prodnetion
of that play. Still another future undertaking
for the actress is to be a drama adapted from
the French, and called “Little | Red
Head.” So Mra. Carter lias along line of red«
headed heroines in front of her, and any-
body who ever cherished the desire to see her
in a wie might as well give up that hone, Mrs.
Carter's success during recent years ia said to
have had stch a disagreeable effect on the
women of lier profeasion that few of them can
hear her name mentioned with composure.
For the past two years she and Maude Adams
have heen far ahead of any of their colleagues
in prosperity. There ia no better means thay
this of achieving unpopularity tn the profes-
alon and “Zaza” is not a sublect that other ace
tresses can talk about with equanimity. To
most persons Mrs. Carter's great success seems
wholly deserved, as her preparation for it was
lone and laborious and at the outset of her
career she encountered misfortune with dis-
cournaging regularity. Her admirera will be
glad to see_her future red-headed heroines
successful, In themeantime dramatists with
unacted plays can profitably devote some at-
tention to the colorof the heroine's hair before
aubmitting them to Mr. Belasco and Mrs Carter,

Attempts to introduce the @in rickey in Lon-
don this summer failed because the easential
inaredient of the drink was lacking. Limes
are not to be had In London, and the courngeons
Americans who endeavored to introduce the
drink had their trouble in vain, One of the
Tondon hotels much patronized hy New York-
ers is next season to be supplied with limes,
but the demand came this year too late to be
met. The attempt to get the rickey fatled,
but it added one more to the Het of drinks avail-
able in the London bars, and although it. is
known as an American drink, It lacks the pfet-
nreeqne tithe uenally applied in such cases, Tt
fe knovn ae a “gin squash” and a more thor-
onehly Hritish name could not be devised. It
differs from lemonade, which is known as lemon
«quash in London, only by the addition of gin
and the omiasion of the ueual sugar. This
drink was in such demand by Americana in
London this summer that it became a feature
of all the bara they were likely to patronize
and gained a native popularity as well, With
the departure of the American visitors ita
vogue may deoline But it ts rewarded as an
onentng wedge for the gin rickey, which with
limes on hand next summer seems certain to
triumph.

Imbart de la Tour, who Ia to sing here for
the firat time next winter, f= the eon of a famous
French General and prepared for a military
career at St, Cyr before he decided to enltivate
his voice and take to the operatic stage. He
has a title and will be the only neweomer
among the tenors to be heard at the Metro-
politan, as Signor Boncl {a not to be here. It
was thought that he might be engaged to take
the place of Signor de Lucia after he had fin-
ished his seagon in Berlin with Mme. Sembrich.
Rut that will continue into November and the
company is to sail from Europe during the
third week in October. Signor Cremonini
has been engaged at the particular request
of the stockholders, who were anxious to have
Mr. Grau brine ‘im back for another season.
imbart dela Tour has spent most of his oper-
atic career in Brussels, where he sang at the
Theatre de la Monnats after leaving Geneva,
while he nade his début in 1889. He has ap-
eared in P ris at the Opéra’ omique and sings
In Italivn, French and German. So he ought to
be a very useful member of the company at the
Metropolitan. He was born in Paris 35 years
ago.

 

 
 
  

THE
A PARTY AT THE ELYSEE,

CRUSH OF PEOPLE AT THE RECEP-
TION TO THE SHAH IN PARIS,

 

 

DiMculties in the Way of Accepting President
Loubet's Invitation -The Assault on the
Hoffet — Dances to Entertain Persia's
Ruler-Startiog a Souvenir Collections,

Panis, Aug. 11.-Yesterday President Loubet
gave a garden party, The President was the
giver, but there seemed to be some doubt about
the person to whom it was given. In the firat
Place, there was the Shah. He came to town
ten days ago, but owing to the assassination of
the King of Italy Paris hadn't been able to do
much for the Shah, The principal mark of
attention shown him was when some one tried to
assassinate him, This was a delicate little
compliment, calculated to make him feel as if
he too were a big monarch worthy of being
assassinated,

The garden party was a compliment of an-
other sort, but the Shah was doubtless made to
understand that {it was quite as personal an
attention as the man with the revolver had
been. But French diplomacy didn’t stop there.
During the past ten days there have been a press
congress, and a medical congress, and a dental
congress, and a students’ congress and several
other things of that sort, Yesterday the dele-
gates to theae various congresses came to the
reception, each and all of them animated, just
as the Shah was, by the proud conviction that it
was their special party.

It was a beautiful party, infact, though it did
have {ta drawbacks. The hutir specified in the
invitations was half past 4, and aa the time
drew near THR SUN correspondent drew near
also, For several blocks tn all directions from
the Flys4e there was a line of cabs hugging the
curb and occasionally crawling a few Inches
Nearer to the entrance, For ones the cabmen
looked cheerful, 1f people continued to occupy
the cabs they would have to pay for them by the
hour: so the drivers winked at one another and
preserved a calm and restful demeanor, Not
#0 the passengers. To have to pay an extra
20 centa is enough to upset the average foreigner
for a whole day. Torn, therefore, by contend-
ing emotions, nine out of ten of the people who
were going to the President's party abandoned
their cabs and finished the fourney on foot.

The crowd waa packed around a narrow
door at the side of the main entrance, Tho
great gates were open, but the approach was
guarded by a double file of soldiers, who al-
lowed only privileged persons to enter, The
privileged beings were so numerous and came
Bo late that the other guests were still huddled
in front of the strait and narrow side gate when
the clock struck 5. For the last week
the weather clerk has been so tearful that it
hasn't needed anything more than the striking
of the clock to bring on a shower, Conse-
quently at 6 it began to patter smartly
on the headgear of the unprivileged guesta,
Now Joseph's coat of many colors was monot-
onous compared with this headgear. The
women wore a proper variety of what the
French call confections, but they presented
nothing extraordinary except in the case of a
lady from the Far Fast, who wore a gold collar
box with long streamers of silk gauve, But
the men made up for it. They wore high hats,
or, as the French call them, chapeauz de forme,
A most appropriate term, for they are of any
old form, There were students in visored

3 with white crowns, students in large black
velvet tams, students in dark green velvet
tams with inserted puffs of scarlet silk. There
were the little American sailor hata which look
as if they had been cut out with a biscuit cutter,
There were derby hats and Alpine hats an
oolish little Tyrolean hats with what look

6 @ very small chicken pinned the back,
And the rain rained upon thern all, until the
tearful weather clerk had wept bis flimby
way of paradox,

And still the people whom the President had
invited to his 4:30 garden party were doing the
Porj-at-the-gates stunt with what patience they
could command. At about 8:15 one batch of
unprivileged onés were allowed to surge through
the narrow passage into the great courtyard,
Here they stood at the foot of the entrance steps
until 5:30 when the clock struck and the weather
olerk shed some more tears. Not long after-
ward they were allowed to mount the steps and
really enter the mansion, After that it was
sort of a @0-aa-you-please affair, One officia
waved the invaders the right and that was
the end of formality, This wave sent them
through one or two dim apartments toa long
room where the buffet was installed. The or-
dinary observer had to take the buffeton faith
for the only thing visible in that direction was
a mass of men, at least four deep and fifty lone,
hats on, coats awry, pushing and pulling in a
mad effort to get to the lunch counter, veers
there may have been other things but where
there was really champagne. Nobody could
doubt this. There was too much ocular evi-
dence on the coats of the men who escaped,

There were a good many Ameticans at th
President's party. Three went In alongside of
THe SUN correspondent. They had abandone
thelr cab in despair and when the showers ha
descended upon the unprivileged ones It ha
caught the two women in their prettiest cos-
times and the man tn his Tuxedo. Naturally
this did not make them feel as if they loved
above all things to go to President Loubet’s
parties. Still, being Americans, they smiled
and smiled, though subsequent developments
proved that they could be villains still. Whe
he official waved them to the right they obeye
meekly enough and that brought them to the
field of batttle otherwise known as the buffet.

“Joe,” sald one of the women, “your time
has come, I've had all the molsture i want
outside, Now I'll take some inside, If you
please. Storm the works!”

Like the good American man that he was,
Joe stood not upon the order of his going,
but went That was the last seen of Joe
for some time. Five minutes, ten minutes
elapsed and he reappeared, n champagne alass,
a third full, in his hand and abcut half a bottle
of the liquid on his coat. When the glass
was emptied he took ft, put it In his Manila
alpine hat and looked back at the buffet with
an air of tumph

“Thanks,” he said. “I don’t care if I do
Tt won't make me even on this deal, hut it will
atart my collection gf souvenirs from the courts
of Rurope = nd he walked airily away with
his hat In his hand

Tt was almost 6 o'clock by this time and
the inner apartments of the palace, light
only from above, were getting so dark that
one could searcely recognize one's friends
Still the @reat arvstal chandeliers were not
lighted, People who did not know the place,
wandered from room to room. They — had
a vnecue iden that they would find President
and Mme. Loubert somewhere about the place
and they peered vainly up and down corridors
and around corners tn the search, The Presi-
dent and his wife were conspicuous by their
absence. So the guests wandered finally into
the warden, where hundreds of other guests
had already wandered and where the acene
was so beatiful that the tearful weather clerk
and the buffet battles were all forgotten,

The Elysée palace is not especially attractive,
Even the warden front seems low and times
worn. Time does not give it the beautiful
softening of angles and of carving which makes
some of the Enelish castles so lovely, The
tilidines of the time of the last Bourbon kines
of France do not, as a rule. grow old gracefully
Thev nead to be continually freshened up or
elae they look not softened by time, but shabby,
But the garden upon which she palace looked
yesterday offered a charming enough scene
to mike one forget the palace itself. It wasn't
really a garden: it was an enormous shallow
green basin, oirpeted with fine erases and shut
in by beautiful old trees, Tho palace itself
stands on a terrace which forms one edge of
this bowl, Faring it, across the green hollow,
wren etace built for the occasion. From either
side of this «tye ourved two vine-covered
trellises in pale green and white,

At the upper wiidews of the palace were
orette pale French children in pretty, bright
Preach clothes, The long terrace was crowded
with French women, their exquisite summer
gowns delicately relieved against the white
genrden chairs, From the steps of the palace,
straight acrose the great arean basin to the
curtained stage, ran a broad etretch of creen
carpeting striped with dull red And every-
where were the people. Here was a group
of Polish soldiers in velvet uniforms, their
fur-trimmed, gold-embroidered conts hanging
acros® their shoulders, and with a long etraiaht
feather stuck through their velvet cans, Near
them were three or four students in white cans
and with broad hands of red, white and bine

ribbo. neross their many brenete Ar
edce of the basin, outlined agaloet the dark
wall of trees, etood a group of Alwerians, In

white burecow with searlet flachivg out from
underneath, There were Freoeh officers galore
their inevitable scarlet trousers making vivir
bite of color here and there

The etee@e bed been erected for the purpose
of entertaining the anests, privileged and other-
wise, by a series of dances The. President—
the protocol, rather—had done the thing up
with a completeness which. would be rather
hevond the mator domo of
Honse recentions Hae, in the first place, would
aearcealy have thoualt of a historical aaqnence
of dances as an antertainrent for the vielting
world Ttlsterrihle even tot>ink of the nrotests«
which world hacearrived het) enexstmatl But
over here ther don't take dan ina anaertonaly ag
al! that, and the mroetocol basn't received a
ainagie rroteet about his programme: it le safe
to «ay that

Having nicked out, the last form of enter-
talnment which would have occurred to a right-
minded American major-domo, properly preare
of the prejudices‘of a large and va’ con-

SUN, TU

the |

our own White |

protocol went on to do other
would scarcely have been dono
n Washington, He got Chéret to desian the
covers for the prograinme., Chéret is the most
rere of French artista, fie ean put more life

stituenecy “
ialnge hich

nto fewer lines -eapectally eachowing lines
which represent clothes--than any other man
in Parte, lao he

ets a price for his designs,
which would sparalyre @iajor domo who had
not been in the habit o patronising him

President Loubet’s protocol also eniied tn
M. Gailhbard, the director of the opera here,

tand asked him to grrange the programme
’ for a consideration of course, So M. Gailhare
called upon the poeta to write verses and upon
the leading actresses of the Comédie Francaise
to recite the verses, and upon the ballet dancers
of the Grand Opera to show how gaily and how
variously they could foot it on the stage at the
endofthe warden, Firat there were the dances
of the ancient Gauls; then Greek dances: then
venteenth century dances, where the stage
ooked Uke Watteau picture suddenly come
to life; and Analy modern dancera of the ballet
variety. The shadows deepened under the
trees as the programme proceeded and the
| whole aspect of the place crew somewhat fan-
taatic and unreal, he French have a gernina
for making a real acene look like a picture
which only means that In some mysterious way
there la generally a background properly placed,
a vista cleverly arranged, and always rome in-
ducement offered for the stroller to ait or «tand
atill long enough to see the picture arranged
for him gnd to help in the composition of one
planned or some other point of view,
a the programme drew to a close the crowd
began to move toward the palace.

“Have you seen the Shah?” asked an Amer-
fean,

“No.”

“ He ‘a sitting in a dark room back there
having almost as much fun as {f he were a bump
ona log.

Sure enough, there he waa in an obscure cor-
nerofa darkened room. A big official of some
sort. ato in the fore ey: which pe almoat
filled with his broad bulk. Hie was a build suc
aa would be most unpopular with aseasains.
Shah sat in one chalr with an officer by hia side.
Tle could not seq the dances. He anparently
had nobody to talk with, except the ofoer. who
was observing a discreet silence, 1 Sun of
the World reminded one very forcibly of the
dark of the moon. e could neither see nor
be aren, except dimly, and he looked as if hia
whole attitude was: “I don't cara for nohody

nd nobody carea for me.” Marhbe he didn't
{ke It because there were ao many doctors and
dentists and editors and people generally at
hia party. Maybe he was mad beennse he
couldn't put one of the champagne glasses tn

{s hat as a souvenir. There are perquisites
n not belng a Shah.

ART

Parts Awards to American Scalptors. Ftchers
and Architects,

A comp 'ete official list of awards to American
artists at the Pari« Fxpo-ition {n GroupITL., class
7, paintings and drawings, was published In
Tur Sun on July 27. Below is the official listin
the other three classes:

Class 8 Etching and Engraving—Medal of
honor—James MoNell Whistler. Gold medals
Timothy Cole, Joseph Pennell, Silver medals—
FE. Schladitz, Henry Wolf. Bronze medals—
Harry Davidson, 8. G. Putnam.

Class 9, Scylpture— Medals of honor—Augus
tus St. Gaudens, Daniel ©, French, Frederick
MacMonn'es. Gold m+ dals—A. Phimister Proo-
tor, George Grey Barnard, Richard EF, Brooks,
Charles Grafly. Silver medals Kari Bitter,
Solon H. Borglum, Cyrus E. Dallin, John Flane
agin, H. A. MacNeil. Bronze medals—Clement
J. Barnhorn, Victor D, Brenner, J. H. Roude-
bush, Douglas Tilden, Mrs. Bessie Potter Von-
poh. Honorabl> mentiona—Kuehne Beveridge,
Johannes 8. Gelert, Henry H. Kitson, Carrol
Brooks MacNeil, Caroline C. Peddie, Amory C.
Simons.

Class 10, Architecture—Gold medals—McKim,
Mead & White, Boring & Tilton. Silver medals
—Cope & Stewardson, Frank Miles Day & Bro.,
Flagg, Benson & Brockway, Peabody & Stearns,
George B Post, Shepley, Rutan & Coolidge,
Whitney Warren. Bronze medals—Daniel H.
Burnham, Bruce Price, Hayden & Shepard.

 

NOTES.

 

 

 

 

FOUND DEAD IN THE WooDs.

 

Old Simeon Wyckoff Probably Killed by a Blow
on the Head,

SomrrvitiE, N. J. Aug. 27.—Old Simeon
Wyckoff, who has been a resident of Bernards
township for fifty-one years, was found dead
in the woods near his home in the Watchung
Mountain yesterday. His skull was crushed,
his face badly bruised and around him were
evidences of a struggle. An empty whiskey
flask was found in the footpath near the body.

Two boys of the neighborhood, Tim Geherty
and John Fleming, found the body.

the inquest was held in the hotel at Baskin
Ridge thts afternoon, Doctors Wagoner anc
Hecht, who performed an autopsy, snid that
Wrekoff’s death was caused by a fracture at
the base of the brain resulting from a blow

Evidence at the inquest showed that Wyckoff
left the stone crusher near Bernardaville at 3
o'clock on Saturday afternoon in company
with Richard Fleming and John Edwards, and
that the three wentin the direction of the woods.
Wyckoff's companions disclaim all knowledge
of his movernents and say that they left him
near the woods at8 P. M.

DEPORTING MANY JAPANESE,

Major Walker Said to Have Sent Out Some
Who Had Legally Entered,

Vancouver, B. C., Aug. 27.—Major Walker,
the United States Immigration Inspector at
Whatcom, Wash., is being criticised by the Brit-
ish Columbia authorities for forcibly seizing
Japanese residents of Washington State who
were never in Canada, and shipping them to
Vancouver on the charge that they had illegally
crossed the border. he Japanese residents
here have taken up the matter and an appeal
has been made to the Japanese Consul, M.
Shimizu.

Some of the Japanese deported from the
United States have made sworn statements that
they were put on board of trains and hurried
out of the country without any proper ex*mina-
tion, and that they had resided {n Seattle and
Tacoma foryears. For months a steady stream
of pauper immigration from Canada has been

va 3! the agents and elipping over a long,
nely border, which it is impossible to guard.

KILLED AT NEW BRUNSWICK.
Jordan Moody, a Contractor, Strack by a
Pennsylvanta Railroad Train.

New Brenawicr, N. J, Avie. 27.- Jordan
Moody, a contractor of this elty, was killed while
at work upon a city job known as the hoodoo
sewer this afternoon, The new French «treet
sewer is called the hoodoo sewer heeanse of
the many accidents there sines the work began,
It crosses the tracks of the Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company. While Mr. Moody was over-
seeing the work at that point a west-bound
express train struck him and hurled him fifty
feet. fle was instantly killed

 

 

 

Jealous Man Kills His Rival.

Drnvrr, Col. Av@. 27.—Jealousy was the
eause of a murcer last night at Greenland.
While Miss Minnie Hutchinson was «riving
with Orve Miner they were stopped in the
road by Spencer Dicks, who was on hores back.
Dicks pulled a aun and shot Miner, who ciel
soon after. Dik
inson, the bullet hitting a steel in her corset
and glancing off without injuring ber. Dicks
rode off and has not yet been capture!

 

A. G. Vanderbilt's Coaching Trip Ended,

Newport, RR. 1, Aug. 27.—Alfred Gwynne
Vanderbilt and his guests arrived on their

coachivg trip in Newport to-night at 7:25 from
Boston, fHemade the return trip over the route
taken on Saturday, and made somewhat better
time. The brake and four left Boston at 7
| o'elock this morning and had an uneventful
trip home. Relays were taken at Stoughton,
Taunton and Fall River.

Newport Social Events,

Newport, R.1, Aug. 27.—-Events of a soctal
nature were dinners given to-night by Mrs. H

Mortimer Breoks, Mrs. George Hoffraan and
Mrs, Fibridge T. Gerry, the latter taking piace
| onthe vacht Electra, which was i'uminated for
the oceasion, The Karl of Yartne th is now ar-
| ranging for «a musical comedy, ‘Morr eco
Hound,” to be given at the Cisino on the
venings of Sept. ¢4and5

To Select the Marbe for the Soldier's arch.

MANCHESTER, Vt. Atle. 27.-Recorder
B. Goff, Contractor William J. Jovee aid Park
Commissioner George C. Clausen of New York
arrived here to-day on the wav to Dorset. a
few miles north of this place. They will visit
several quarries there, with the view of selecting
white marble to be used ta the construction of
the Soldiers and Sailors’ Monument to be erected
on Riverside Drive

Keltenborn Concert To-night.

The tem erature at the St. Nicholas Garden
is kopt comfor able by means: f the toed air

| that to pun peo into the auditorium, and the
| Kaltenborn cone :rts may be enjoyed even in
this weather. che programme to-night will
| be devoted to selections from ‘Lohengrin’ in
honor of the tiftiethanniversar of ‘he opera's
' first performance and to Beethoven's second
| symphony.

John |

    

     

|

WENT TO LAW OVER POKER,

THE GUAME IN QUESTION WAS PLAYED
IN MID-OCEAN

Nat Goodwin Was One of the Players, and a
Point He Katsed Is Accountable for the
Action Now Pending in the Supreme Court
Here Justice Freedman to Decide the Case,

An ineident of a game of draw poker which
was played on the ateamahip New York in mid«

 

ocean on the way from Southampton to this |

port on Oct. 19 last has resulted in an action in

| the Supreme Court here brought by Sigfried

8 fired again at Mias Huteh- |

 

Steiner of Kirmingham, Ala., to recover about
$125 from Edward Waassermann of the stock
brokerage firm of Wassermann Bros. of this
city, who acte! as stakeholder. At the card
table when the gare at issue was played were
the gentleman from Alabama, J. A. Wilson
from Franklin, Pa.; Nat C. Goodwin, the actor;
T. D. Marxs, theatrical manager, and Wasser-
mann. The court records fail to disclose what
the limit waa or how the players fared, and the
counsel in the case ate chaty of information.

The court takes up the game from a time
when Steiner, In dealing, faced, or exposed, a
card which be was giving to Goodwin on the
draw. Goodwin pushed the card back to the
dealer, and the other players, differing from
the plaintff, say that something like the follow-
ing conversation ocourred;

Steiner You must take it,
Goodwin -Not on your tintype.
Steiner--That's your card and you must take

it,

Goodwin Bet you $26 I musn't take it.

Steiner (io you; here's my $25.

Thereupon Steiner and Goodwin each depos-
ited $25 with Wilson as stakeholder, Wilson
after receiving the money told Steiner he was
wrong.

Steiner—I have $100 more that says I'in

right,
ilson--Here’s your chance to double it (plac-
ing $100 on the table).

As Wilson had now come into the betting as a
petocipa) it was arranged that Wassermann
should be stakeholder of both bets, so the §250
was turned over to him,

But the betting didn’t stop here. “Bet you

100 to $10 that you're wrong,” chimed in Marxa,
ooking ut Steiner, as he sized him upfors “good

Ving.

“Here's the $10," said Steiner, not wincing
under the increasing demand for his money.

Wassermann took the $300 and the poker game
went merrily along without further die ute,

peeunes's version of the matter is altogether
different from this. He declares that he bet
that the faced card must be put at the bottem
of the pack and all the other play’ rs should first
be served, and then Goodwin should receive a
card for the one faced. He does net explain in
his complaint what the position of the other
bettors was, He says that on going ashore he
hunted up a eopy of Hoyle, which said that
when a card was faced the player to whom it
was dealt should have the next card from the
pack in place of it before the dealer dealt to the
other players. He appears to have taken the
position that neither side had won. At any
rate, he demanded his money back from Wasser-
mann on Oct, 27 last. Wassernnann told him
that he had paid over the money to the winners,
and Steiner brought the present action to re-
cover his stake,

Wassermann has not served his answer in the
case yet. He moved before Justice Freedman
yesterday to compel Steiner to give security for
costs on the allegation that he !8 @ nont-resi-
dent, and the Court reserved decision.

DEAF MUTES IN CONVENTION,

New England Gallaudet Association Holds Its
Annual Meeting in Boston.

Boston, Aug. 27.—The first seasion of the
twenty-third biannual convention of the New
England Gallaudet Association, composed of
deef mutes from all over New Eugland, was
held to-day at the Revere House, It was the
quietest convention that Boston has ever had,
inasmuch as this year is the first time the asso-
ciation has ever met in this clty. There were
nearly 800 deaf mutes present when the conven-
tion waa called to order by President John
E. Crane of Hartfiri Conn. He made a brief
introductory address and then introduced the
Key. Mr.Packhard.of Salem, who offered prayer.
Then followed the address of the eae
which was jong, although Mr. Crane is adep'
in the sign language. He remarked in openins:

“Boston, in past years, has attrac many
notable gatherings, but perhaps none more
notable {n some respects than this. For we
have not come here to diaturb the quiet re!
of the people with loud epeechmaking an
shouting, @& som ever atherings are wont
todo. Nothing of the kind, for all our business
and social matters are to be conducted In the
sigu language, as beautiful and interesting
as wny lanmuage ever used,”

Following the President's address remarks
were made by several members of the associa-
tion, and then the reports of the Recretary
and Treasurer were presented, and both were
found satisfactory. he morning session was
coneluded by a paper by Henry ©. White on
the "Progress of Deaf Mute Education in the
Nineteenth Century.” An eDtertainment was
given this evening.

 

LOST HIS MONEY AT CONFY ISLAND,

 

Smith Says He Was Tured Into a Game in
Which He Rad No Chance to Win.

Henry Willett of 265 Kent avenue and
Stephen Boucher of 031 Pacifle street, Brook-
lyn, were before Magistrate Voorhees in the
Coney Island police court yesterday on the
complaint of Henry Smith of 150 Park row,
Manhattan, who charged them with ewind-
ling him out of $100, Smith, according to his
story, went to the tsland on Sunday night and

was hired into a fake camb!ing game in which |

he had not the siightest chance to win, In
jess than five minutes his money was gone,
He reported the matter to the police and the
arrest of Ranoherand wilate followed,
Captain Driscoll
for trial and told the Magistrate that he had
been watching the place where the game was
being conducted for several days,

“We have evidence now to prosecute these
men,” he said, “and they should be tried. I
Will close every sort of a gambling game on
the island and I don't care who knows it,
have warned gamblers to keep away from the
{sland and I will see that they do so, even if
every one of them hasto he taken into custody.”

Magistrate Voorhees held the prisoners for
examination to-day,

CAN'T HEMNENBER HHO HIT WIM.

So John Nevin, Whose Skull Was Fractured,
Sees tils Alleged Assailant Go Free,

Peter MoCarthy of 801 West Fifty-fourth
Street was arraigned in the West Side police
court, yesterday, charged with having as-
sauited John Nevin of 102 West Fifty-sixth
street, on July 21. Nevin was found with his
ekull fractured and MeCarthy was locked up
on suspicion. Nevin who got out of Roosevelt
Hospital yesterday, when he was brought up
before Magistrate Brann, «aid he eouldn't
conscientiously rake acharae against Mecarthy

“My ilness,” said Nevin, ‘hasceft me without
any recollection whatever of the flaht they
tell me IT had with MeCarthy. [can't even
swear he hit me, so of couree, can't accuae hin.”

Magistrate Brann discharged McCarthy

WOWAN SCREAMED AND PELL.

Mrs. Loulsa Que'lhorst, 80 Years Old, Sert-
ousl) Injared in Hoboken.

A gang of men were at work yesterday at

Tietien & Lang's dry docks at Hoboken when |

they heard a scream and saw anol! woman fall
off the Fifteenth street pier Several of the
men Gropped work and went to the woman's
rescue, When they got her out
she Was unconscious, She was removed to St
Mary's Hospital. She was Mrs. Lowsa Quell-
horst, 8 years old. She was in company with
her daughter, Mrs, John Scliutte of 127 Monroe
street. Mra. Schutte said she believed her
mother was overcome by the heat t was anid
at the hospital last night that Mra, Quellhorat
was in no immediate danger, but her condition
was critical

| Capt. Johnsen of the Yoont R yalty Drowned,

SraMeorD, Conn., Attia. 27.-Capt
Johnson of the sioop yacht Reyalty, owned
by Mra, Nathalie Alexandre, was drowned
last night off Mra. Alexandre’s residence, Nir-
vana, near Sound Keach. The body was

| found by a man waiking prong Tha, shore. It
§

was washed upon the beac ere were
some bruises on the body, but these are at-
tributed to its having come in contact with
rocks. Johnson was lagt seen yesterday morn-
ing about @ o'clock, It is believed he muat
have had a fit and fallen into the water

Didn't Belicve tn Expensive Panerals
Hackensack, No J 27. -The will of
Donald I,
who dint» few cay Was  Gmitted to prc.
ba eto-day ity ives bis estate valved at about
$25,000, to his wife One clause of the will re-
Quests that the cost of bus funeral shoud not be
more than $60, und says, “Rather leave for the
living that which unnecessarily gves to
dead.

Aug

Age,

Police }
demanded that they be held |

of the water |

George |

Cameron, a d-ucgis’ in Rutherfor), |

Tay

BUT LIVELY.

Joha Bonnett, Centenarian, Welcomed Home

by His Wife, Aged 07, and His Son, 65.

In the line of prisoners brought before acting
Recorder Jamos Laverty in the Iloboken polloe
court yesterday morning was a feeble old man
who was entered on the blotter as John Ben-
nett, 102 yours old, of 494 Hudson street, this
city, Bennett was found by Detective Thomus
, Guinan wandering along the tracks of the Weat

hore Railroad, He had @ bad cut on his

ead and Guinan took hin {n for safe keeping
made a iniatake

Helieving that Bennett hac
in giving his age, acting Recorder Laverty
asked
' "Are you 102 years old?”
| “That's what t am,” answered Bennett,
“Lam in the oyster business in New York

aed what are you doing In Hoboken?”
naked the Court, -
, .. "Looking for oysters, I suppose, reaponded
Bennett, as he gazed about the court room
“Do you know you were in danger of being
killed on the railroad tracks?”
“Nothing of the kind,” was the reply, “I am
all right.”
“How did your head get hurt?
“My head is not hurt,” quickly answered
the contenarian, and he rubbed his head with
his hand. As there was no charae against
Bennett he could not be held, and acting Ke-
corder Laverty was puzzled what to do, |
1 lot you go can you find your way home?" he
asked,

“Why, certainly,” said Bennett,

The acting Hecorder was loath to take the
ld man at his word, 80 he detailed Detective
Janial Fenton to see him safely to hishome.

When Fenton reached 494 Hudson street,

this city, he met Bennett's sister, who sald she
was 97 years old, and his son, who sald he was
63. Fach hugaed and kissed the old man,
They said that he had left home on Monday and
that they had been searching for him ever «ince,

HARTSHORN- SOUTHERN.

 

fon of a Rich Man Weds the Narse Who Cared
for His College Cham.

Boston, Aug. 27.—-Carda reoeived here an-
nounce the marriage in St. Peter's Church,
London, on July 23, of Stewart [enry Harta-
horn of Short Hills, N. J., and Misa Magdalen
Fmily Southern of Richtnond, Va. Hartshorn
met his bride while a student at Harvard Uni-
versity during 1808, hia senior year in college.
She wos a nurse at St. Margaret's Hospital, in
old Lowebure Square,on the river side of Beacon
Hill. The bridegroom is the son of a reputed
milifonatre, and when at Harvard lived in fash-
ion ble Claverly Hall and was one of the social
eaders of hie clase, One of Hartshorn’s chums
at college was taken sick with appendicitis, He
waa sent to St. Margaret's Hospital and Miss
Southern was his nurs». When he could re-
ceive visitors soung Hartshorn came to see his
friend, but soon his interest In the patient waa
replaced by a deeper feeling for the nurse
feantime, young Hartshorn was graduated
from Harvard, and had gone into business
with his father, When his father's house sent
au exhibit to the Paris Exposition the young
man went over to take charge, and letters passec
frequently between. the French capital ar
Boston. In dune. Miss Southern announe
to the doctors that she was going abroad and
little was heard from her until friends here
Harish ecards announcing her marriage with

i

artehorn. She went to the house of an aunt
n London and her cousin was a bridesmaid
at the wedding. After the ceremony. the
couple went to Paris, The. parents of the
bridegroom sent their blessing by cable.

CAMILLE D'ARVILLE WEDS,

Opera Singer Marries a Rich Young Business
Man of Oakland.

San Francisco, Aug. 27.—Camille D'Ar-
ville, the opera singer, was married to E. W.
Crelin, at the Crellin home at noon to-day. Only
relatives wese present. The Rey. Robert
tiichie of St yaul's Episcopal Church, ofe
clated.

The inarriage license was issued this _morn-

) it the bride is described as Neeltie
i ey ‘ resident of New

yons, a native of Holland
Yor, age 85. Crellin is arich young business
man of Oakland

 

BOTH HAVE COMPLAINTS.

Mrs. H. Wants a Separation and Mr. H. Wants
Some One to Cook His Meals.
Supreme Court Justice Lambert fn Brook-
lyn bas granted Emma Hoffinan $50 counsel
fee and $10 a week alimony, pending the trial
of her sult against Charles H. Hoffman for a
separation. Tho defendant is a clerk in the

Department of Arrears in Manhattan. Mrs.

offman avers that her husband has treated
+5 in a cruel and inhuman manner. The de-
fendant contenda that his wife is a member
of the Ladies of the Bpeyabece and {s known

as Grand Chaplal e is a member of the
Knights of Maccabees. The lodges that oon-
tain women are known as “hives.”

 

The de-
fendant says that his wife, in her official ca-
acity, is out until 2 and 4 o'clock in the morn-
Toe organizing new hives, and that he {s coem-
pelled, after hie day's work, to prepare the
meals for himeelf and children at home.
tte alleges that on one oceasion his wife went
to Newburgh to organize a new hive and that
he remained away from home for several
faye Her answer is that she did this wi
his permission.

 

Fifteen-Year-Old Girl Missing,

Fifteen-vear-old Julla Antonio of 188 Johnson
avenue, Williamsburg, has been mis-ing for
nearly a week. Her stepfather, Frank Curto,
reported her disappearance yesterday at the
Btaga street police -tation, He asaidthat before
the girl had left her home last Wednesday he
ecolded her for writing to and reoeiving letters
froma young man

~ Business Aotices.

a
>

   

“Mra. Winslow's Soothing Syrup for children
tecthing, so’tens the gums, reduces inflammattin,
aliays pain, cures wind colic diarrhama. 25. a bottle,
—_——

pone ae Dimyp.

ADFF.—At Edgewater, West Chester, N. Y., at

his residence, on Saturday, Aug. 25, 1990,
| after a brief {liness, Inthe 48th year of his age,
| Frederick W., son of the late George Townsend

Adee and Ellen Loulse Henry.

Funeral at St Peter's Church, West Chester, Tues
day, Aug. 28, 1990, at 4/30 P. M. Tratno on the
Harlem River Branch of the New Haven R. R
will leave station, 120th st and 3d av., at 3:45
P.M. Carriages will be tn waiting on arrival of
train at West Chester.

ARNOLD. —At Port Chester, N. Y., at her residence
on Saturday, Aug. 25, 1000, aftera lingering fill
ness Mary 1., widow of David P. Arnold.

Funeral service s at Christ Chureh, Rye, N, Y., on
Tuesday, Aug. 28, 1000, at quarter past 11, A. M.
Carriages will meet tratn Jeaving Grand Central
New Haven Railroad, at 10:04 A. M. Kindly
omit flowers,

LYONS,—On Monday, Auge 27, 1900, Thomas EB
Lyons of the firm of Lyons & Chabot. In his 43d
year a

Funeral from the Brownson Catholle Chub house,

| 848 Bast 142d st, on Thursday, Aug. 30, 1990,
' et @i5 A. Mai thenee to St Jerome s Chureh,
Alesarderay. and (4ath st. whereas lemn mass

of requiem will be off red for the repose of iis soul

Rel tives and friends, Irish Nati nai Club, Bronx
Counell No. 265, Knights of Co.umbus, and Brown
son Catholic Club are Invited to attend. London
and Paris papers please copy

LYONS —BrRoNX Councit, 266, K. or C,-Brovn
ERS.—You are requested to meet atthe Hrownson
Catholic Club) 545 Fast 142d st, on Tuesday,
Aug. 28, 1900, at P M., to pay the final duty to

| our deceased brother, Thomas FE. Lyons.

Funeral from the Hrownson Club, on Thursday,
Aug. 39, 19 0, at @ 15 A. M., thence wo St. Jer
ome's Courch, where a solemn requiem mass will

| be heid for the repose of bis soul

T. G. FENNELL Grand Knight

| J. PF. KEBLON, P. J. O'LEARY, Secretaries

| PAGES,—On Aug. 27,1900, at her residence, 15th

av. and 67th st, Brooklyn, after short illness,

Carmen V., beloved wife of John Pages.
Interment private. Clenfuegos (Cuba) papers please
copy.
\
| RISLEY. —On Monday, Aug. 27, 1990, at her

residence, 355 Jefferson av., Brooklyn, Ellza 3
Risley aged 72 years
Interment at Wat rvilie N.Y,
| BROWNSON CATHOLIC Club Members, you are
j requested to attend the funeral of our late member,
‘Thomas —. Lyons, from the clubhouse, 545 Kast
142d at., on Thursday morning. Aug. 30, 1900, at
9:18. Thenee to 8! Jerome's Church, wherea
solemn requiem mass will be held for the repose
of hissoul, Respectfully,
JOHN H. BERGEN, President
GEORGE A, O'ROURKE, Secretary

| — —
Special Notices.

 

RESTORING lost health by growing new bodies:
treat! @ mailed; curioustruths Adipogen Ca 60 W

, duaty
'

| Rew Publications,
6 4 POCRYPHAL New Testaments’ “Buddha's Life
| #Land Teachings,” "Voltaire "PIATT 161 6tbav.
.

 

Rsty oa ®

= Wath’ g
* Qe \ounends
Trousers have a very unpleas

ant habit of fraying at the bot
| toe of baguing at the knee; of
collapsing generally —and the fit
| atally takes them about now.
Ilere are just the neat styles
that most men prefer, with here
jand there a yay one, so as to
interest all sorts of legs.
&5 to #10; “with the foot on
the hard pedal” at $5 and 86—
lots of money savers there.

as

we

Roarrs, Peer & Company,

255 Broadway, oor, Warren
47 and 9 Warren St
649 Rroadway, cor. Prinos.
1260 Broadway, cor, 32d
and 64 West 53d St

-_-__
KILLED BY A MASTIFF'S BITE,

Young Edward Peterson, Who Teased the Dog,
Dies of Hydrophobia ta Great Agony

Thirteen-year old Edward Peterson of 16
East 184th street died of hydrophobia yester+
day in the Harlem Hospital after intense auf.
fering. His death is the seventeenth from
that cause recorded in the city in the last Ove
years.

Young Peterson with several other boys
was playing at 13th street and Lenox avenue
on Aa. 7 when a large maatiff came running
down the street. The boys thought they would
have some fun with the animal and when it
came along Peterson grabbed ita tail, The
dog turned on him and chewed the end off his
nose. Ambulance Surgeon Mooney took the
boy to the Harlem Hospital and gave the usual
treatnient and the boy went home, dle wen
to the hospital every second day afterwar
fo have his wound dresaed and it seemed to
get along well until last Friday, when symp.
toma of hydrophobia began to develop, The
boy was removed to the hoerlial on Saturday
and became so fil that Dr, George Gibler Kame
baud of the Pasteur Institute, a pephew of the
late Dr. Pani Gibier, was summoned,

Dr. Rambaud pronounced the ease really
hydrophobia and said that the boy could not
live fe showed all the symptoms of the
ime nase except that instead of barking like a
Gog he told the nurse thal he heard the barking
and begged her to take the dog awny, In
the thunderstorm on Sunday he asked the
nurse to make the doctor go away, because
the dow said the doctor was trying to fill him
with electricity. Dr. Rambaud said that the
development of the cnse was the quickest on
record

No one knows to whom the dog that Intured
young Petersen belonged. “The animal, there
fore, lias not been destroyed,

We fill orders
by mail

    

“Colleges and Schoois.

ARP LLL ALLL PL AL

 

For Boys & Young Men—City & Country

 

 

NEW YORK, N. Y., 435 Madison Ava

Berkeley School soy.

Boys.)
Twenty-first year begins Oct. 1. Special attention
to preparation for Harvard, Yale, Columbia and
tinceton, with opportunity for ranid advancement
jew fifeproof Wulaing aa Armary, Gymnasium,
Swimming Pool, Lboratories. Light boarders re-
ceived {nto teachers’ families’ For new register and
prospectus, address

J. CLARK READ, A. M., Registrar.
sre aie en > ot

Dwight School

15 West 45d Street, New York City.
2ist Year opens Sept. 26th,

High elass private school for boys from 7 29
years of age. Individual attention given boys whose
education bas been irregular, Large faculty. Labo
tatories, Athirtics th

ST. FRANCIS’ COLLEGE,

BALTIC STREET, BROOKLYN,
CONDUCTED by the FRANCISCAN BROTHERE
Classical, SctentiNe and Commerctal Courses
Entrance 41 Buller street Apply for Catalogue
BROTHER FIDELIS, 0.8, F., Rector.

For Bors

KINGSLEY SCHOOL Under Fourteen,

Individual training to healthy, manly, cultured setfe

 

Gymnasium

  

mastery Ideal location In Atl country, 22 mitee
from N. Yo Chey. HKesidence new, roomy: all Improve
ments ‘Terms, $50 No estras, Office hours, Tues-
day, 9-12 A.M. Room 70 Fifth ave. Send for

booklet to J. R CAMPBELL, Head Master, Essex

Fells, New Jersey

Madison School,

MONT VALE,
New Jersey.

 

Preparatory for the Applied Sclences In Columbia or
any other university course; horsemanship fencing,
laboratory, workshop and OBrid wok: number of
boarders himtted to 20; tndividual attention pald to
every pupil G. VON TAUBE, Principal.

|
= MILITARY COLLEGE

Chester, Pa, 39th year begins sept, wth,
Degrees in Civil Engineering, Chemistry, Arts Also
Thorough Preparatory Courses Infantry, Artillery
and Cavalry Driils "A miiltary achoolul ihe highest
order. '—U, 8. WAR DEPT

Catalogues of Col. C. BE. MYATT, President

~ HAMILTON INSTITUTE,

45 West Sist St.. Manhattan Square, North,
REOPENS SEPT 2617

Vil
Por informatt> logue address

N, ARCHIBALD SHAW, Jr., M.A, Principal,

THE BARNARD SCHGOL

Thorough preparation for ¢
Catalogue

BETTS ACADEMY _

STAMFORD, CONN, O24 LEAR,
THE INDIVIDUAL THE BASIS

niages for saving Umetu preparation
J. BETTS, M.A

yaoredt

‘ ;
olege and Businesa

} Special adv

WM Yale). Principal

New Milford, Liteh
» Head master, Darvey
or Mr Chanes

“eHe RECTORY SCHOOT
field Co, Conn Addr
FE. Taylor, formerly of Porafret. Conn

S Everest, M.A
Reference by permission:
f Ingles

Mrs Wm D. back

| Pattoness de

| GEORGETOWN UNIVEKSITY, |
WASTING TON, I, ©

Arta and sciences. law, medicine Col ege and pre

|

parvtory department 112th year. Sept. 12

For Girls & Young Women—City & Country.

LADYCLIFEF.
of Angels Under the
ranciscan Si_ters,

Formerly Cranston’s
WEST POINT HOTEL,

Send for Prospectus

ST. MARTHA’S gestae"

for girle of good character, BRONZVILLE, NY.
Under the cate of the SISTERS OF 81. JOSIP
DAZALETH (Episcopal). = Ars

For Young Men & Women—City & Country,

Academy of Our Lad
Direction of the

LADYCLIFF

tion, $200 per year.

 

JENNINGTON (N, J.) SEMINARY, on. pow
Brook R. RB; 62d year; both sexes; healthful loca
tion; home comforts, noblity of character and care
ful training our constant alm; $65,000 hew unprove
ments
THOMAS O'HANLON, DD LL.D, President

 

N! W YORK PREPARATORY SCHOOL, 19 Wess
- iad st. broowl. a, 2 Joralem i st prepares
any one for REGENTS, colleges, schools; open how,

need

Basiness Colleges.

Long Island Business Couexr,

14:3 te 14 South &(h St., Brookiye,

The business training school of today fur young
men and young women, Day and Evening sessions
REOPENS SEPTEMBER 10,

NENRKY C. WRIGHT, Prinetpal

“THE MILLER SCHOOL ~

St. James Baltiding, 1244 Kroadway.
SHURTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING,
DAY OR EVENING. CIRCULARS. SO VACATIONS

“Neo lietter Sehool at Any Price."

 

Taw Schools.

Day School, 45 Nassau St
Pvening School, 0 West! 4th St
“Dwight Method" of I
in two years, LLM. to ter
GLORGE

NEW YORK
' LAW SCHOOL

tion, LL.
Send for catalogue