mie YEW NEGRO PROBLEM.

ITTHE
? RV PROPOSALS TO Lim
BOUT HU CATION OF BLACKS,

The First Step
ing Gramm
Thot Edacatl
tented ~ Fhe

ar Schools for Negroes--Theory
on Makes the Negro Discon-
View Vigorously Opposed.

Naw ORLEANS, Aug. 24.—The recent antl-
© troubles in New Orleans and New York

p the
vngead the South into a discussion of
ae and they are likely to lead to

9 question
Sportant resulta, There are two factions tn
we noeth on the negro question, One be-

a negro race will be elevated by
South be advanced by teach-
The other still

lieves that th
education, and the
ving the negro.

nd impro
oe aa the principle of the ante-bellum
coe coda, which made It @ felony to teach a

jand write without the permission
of the master and is opposed to giving the negro
any education whatever, on the ground that
(t ruins him as 4 fleld hand and aives him a
false idea of bis position in society, While not
advocating the denial of all education to the
negro, this faction proposes what is tanta-
mount to tf, ! amely, that the money patd into
the State Treasury by white property owners

1) ha devoted to the support of the white
wee that dertved from negro taxes

pears to reat

1 while
hall he employed In the negro achoola, As
a latter amount would be only $10,000 oF
; in TLoutsiana, it would close

ono a vear
#2. hool In the State except one in

 

ery nearo &
oo pane [he faction that believes in
negro edycation has been in a large mafority
heretofore, an {all propositions as to the closing
of colored eehoola have been voted down
There ts reason to fear that the recent race
troubles have given strength to the reaction-

and have inereased the number of whites

ariee
qho believe that education has a demoralizing
{Influence on the negro

The extreme views of the Southern whites
are well stated by Juetion Campbell of Misais-
sippt, for many years Chief Justice of that
State

“The race riot in New York,” he cays, “simply

' z patent tous down South,

filustrates af

althoust the pest of the country does not seem

fully to understar d it, that race antagonism
isa perfectly instinet and liable to the
same manifestations under similar conditions
fn every part of the country The particular
thing whatever to do with it,

natural

extion has tr

Qtren the same degree of provocation, the
same resiilts will at once follow, Whenever
a case arises which has the effect of creating
an antagonism of race, whether it be in the
North or the South, the results are singularly
unit " It is a genuine human instinct and
it selde ails to assert itself even under widely

difieren' tions

ko much for Judge Campbell's theorizing.
What he proposes is more interesting—-that
the negro shall not receive an edication because
education {s ruining him. “He learns,” says
the Jude, “a great many things at school
which unfit him for his ordinary and necessar,
condition, which make him unhappy and whic
All him with desires impossible of realization,
Education among the race is a great provoca-
tive of discontent. It is true that the educa-
tion given the negro does not amount to much
and diseontent seems to be about the only re-
sult from it. He learns enough to read incen-
diary literature likethe negro Charles in New
Orleans and then he is ripe for disturbance,
The negro should have remained in ignorance,
The methods now used to solve the negro prob-
lem (by education) will make that problem a
fearful one. The negroes are getting further
and further away from the very basis upon
which they can remain peaceably in this coun-
try, @ distinct recognition of the racial supe-
riority of the whites. This gives the only as-
surance of harmony between the two races,”

This is not the view of an irresponsible man,
but of one who stands at the very front in Mis-
slasippt in influence and ability; and the fre-
quency with which this doctrine fs now being
preached, that education ts the bane of the
negro and responsible for the recent racial
troubles, indicates a distinct effort on the par
of the reactionaries almed at the education o

colored race

n the meantime. !n New Orleans, whether
as @ result of the late troubles, or of the burn-
{ng of the Thoiny Lafon Colored Schoola, or in
imitation of Booker \\ashington or for other
reasons, the School Board has decided to make
@ radical change in the education of negro
youth. From this time forward, all gram-
mar schools for negro children will be abolished,

the education furnished the negroes in

public schools will be restricted to the
primary grades. In place of higher or gram-
mar schoo! instruction, a course ef manual
training will be introduced.

The Schoo! Roard of New Orleans has here-
tofore dealt most liberally with the negro chil-
dren, but it has reached the same conclusion as
Booker Washington and others, that ordinary
school education {s of better advantage to the
colored children and that industrial education
would do them far more good. This School
Board has built eleven handsome schools for
fegroes, of which five were constructed from
the fund left by John McDonogh in 1856 for the
erection of school buildings for white children.
It would probably shock that gentleman, a
@reat believer in slavery, who Indeed made
much of his fortune in slave dealing, to find
that his legacy had been diverted to the ereo-
Won of negro schools,

There are some 0,500 colored children attend-

these sehools in New Orleans. ‘Three-
fourths of the teachers are colored, and all of
the schools are {n a prosperous condition; but |
the board finds that the grammar classes are
not doing as well as the primary classes. This
ft attributes to the fact that the newro parents
generally } their children to work quite
young. Of the negroes in the public schools
® per cent. attend the primary grades and
only 10 per cent. the grammar grades, yet the
latter call for one-third of the expenditure |
for negro education. By abolishing the gram-
per Trades it will enable the board to provide
or the primary edueation of 15,000 negro chil-
dren and to teach every colored child in the
city to read and write. very few are growing up
{fn complete ignorance fo-day. As for the
more ambitious negroes, who want more than a
Primary education, they can get it, the board
Says, in the high schools attached to the several
negro colleges, of which there are four in New
Orleans, the Southern University (a State insti-
tution, the New Orleans University (Method-
ft), Sprague University (Congregationalist ),
and Leland University (Baptist)

It Is believed that most of the colored bors
and girls who attend the grammar schools,
and will he shut out of them in future, do
#0 in order to fit themselves to earn a livelihood
from their education; and it is held that more
ood will be done them by manual training

by a book education, As the board pute
ft, a few regro children were benefited by a
thowy system which, in nine cases out of ten,
Meant nothing for the negro, while the many
suffered for want of more practical knowledge
whereby they might become honest, self-sup-
Dorting men and women
¢ change will go into effect atonce. There
I 1 be no mora grammar school education
or the negroes in New Orleans, only a pri-
Mary education followed by manual trainin
t will fit the boys for industrial work, ant
Girls as cooks, seamstresaes, Ac. ‘It is
& practical adoption of the idea first taught
by Prof Washington that what the negro |
uae most t» training that will enable him
#8 living rather than a Itterary course.
hy a “the varee neato population of New
» the experiment will be tasted on
Moe that ip naturally impossible at Wuskeree’
ne i Graham, colored, of St. Jame ‘a
fistean Methodist Episcopal Church, is dee
ts attrece ours of lectures on the necro which
the whites” & great deal of attention among

 

ut

 

 

 

Tn these lectures he Is vi |
Attacking the new schoo) ; ae

7 proposition. Mr.
Graham is a Northern negro

He took a promi-
ne part in the late meetings of colored Then

expresa their opinion on the subject of the
man troubles in New Orleans, and was the
fanlere ‘ee > & conference of all the colored
t canis ere to express thelr opinion on

feet of the riots, and acted as Presi-
= Bronce’ meeting. He expresses hime
ence ne Against any Northern interfer-
thinks the eeero Question In the South and
(an sate rt hern people, black and white,

Hae pee Wuitter best among themselves,
leet Pf Proecsed are perce on the sub-
teased * erations of the races, so well ex-
a cai't oO ner iblished in the - apers here
Spoken nie oneral commendation. He has
te Mout very decidedly ‘and impressively.

Jim Cr j

  

 

 

 

   
 

Wea breuge, ott law he frankly admits
thamealvas vr oot by the negroes
and touche ») Patt rs by the negro hoodlums
thle to the white themselves so disagree-
Were made + that the whole negro race
the negroes b> These were the faults of
of the w) . but who causes the fault

law {is not enforced in ite
travels q des for separate but equal
instead , Cities for whites and blacks, but
’ ing equal facilities, the negro is
dilapidated cars with the most
sons, to witness drunkenness
ear profanity and obscenity,
ind family insulted Cannot,
an that this treatment
cored race rougher and coarser
It has resulted in making all
-eive up travelling except when
nr nd it has had a dermor-
whole race, This is the
ectures that any injustice
negroes, any hardships tn-
reaets, and that the whites
yell is the negroes, if the latter
if all the avenues of improve-
‘o them, and if they are made

tue entri: tt pen

  
   

 

tay

  

FR Is gr) 1] he ae wrk | element in the
+ He Baye, DU
[Re i cera eae eens

Teken in New Orleans ta Cloe |

 

| the mipal classes, if they are compelled to
| travel with roughs in the cars, and to Iive only
in those nections of the city where crime and
vice flourteh
Especiai!y does he protest against the action
| of the Mchool Board in closing the grammar
schools to children, and the substitution of
ma iual training therefor will not sadafy him,
| “Lo Iimit the education of our children,” he
says, “means to give none of them enough edu-
cation to be of any service to them in earning
a living; to deprive therm of that mental dis-
| cipline which renders them obedient to the law
and accustomed to order, to deny
| usefil informadon ax will cultivate in’ ther
a love for good literature, so potent In making
| character: to degrade them i their own estl-
mation, and therelbs render them the easy prey
of vice and immorality, to turn hundreds of
boys and girle ‘orm the discipline of the schools
at the most viral period of their lives to roam
the atreeta and school themselves in erime,
If New Orleans does this she will place herself
behind every other city in the Union and com-
mit 4 crime against a helpless, struggling race’

 

which will leave ite banetul results upon
the city for generation. to come, Instead of
the education of the negro it

cutting do

would pay "ew Orleans a hundredfold inter-
est to make her school attendance compul-
sory, 48 is the case in all of the more progressive
States in the Union,”

Mr. Graham ia making a vigorous fight
against the action of the school board in cloe
ing the negro grammar schools, and he regards
it as @ Btep in the direction of that theory ad-
vocated by Judge Campbell in Mississippl,
Damely, that the education of the negroes
causes only discontent to the race, and that it
would be best for the black man as well as for
the white to abolish all colored schools,

The negroes in New Orieans undoubtedly
sympathize and agree with Mr, Graham, an
‘i-w this manual training proposition as @
Trojan horse aimed to dey rive them of public
school education, The action of the New
Orleans School Board in this matter may
regarded as precipitating in this city the ques
tion which has been dormant in the South for
some time—is it better for the negro and for
the white race to educate the former? It is
more than probable that the agitation will re-
sult in a radical change in negro education
throughout the South,

SURFS FOR DAMAGE DONE BY BFES.

 

Ingentous Plan by Which W, H. Utter Optatued
Evidence Against Mis Hrother.

Newarnon, Aug. 27.—At Warwick, Orange
county, to-morrow will be tried a suit the like
of which has never been seen in the world per-
haps The parties to the suit are two broth-
ers, W. H. Utter and J. W. Utter, and they live
in the village of Amity on neighboring places.
The plaintiff, W. HL, haa about 4,000 peach
trees. The defendant, J. W., is a welkknown
producer of honey.

The suit will be tried before Justice Stage
in Warwick. The plaintiff alleges that his
brother's bees are damaging his ripening frult
by stinging sapping and boring the peaches
#0 that they are rotting and fast peccuuing ot
no value to him. His methods of proving this
alleged fact are as novel as Che suit itsell. He
has taken great pains to obtain the evidence
by which he can prove his case. He has had
not only to obtain evidence that the bees have
damaged his maturing peechsa, but also to
prove that his orchards have been visited by

ee8 from the great bee colonies o1 his brother.
‘The bees are (irst detected extracting the juices
from the peaches. Mr. Utter then approaches
the busy insect with a wire gauze trap
which he ciasps over the bee and
the peach at the same time. Making sure of
his little prisoner he removes it to a box pre-
pered with glass on one side, a movable lid
inged fast and buttoned and a trap door
through which he dropa the bees, Then the
most ingenious arrangement follows, The box
is supplied with a flat dish of honey from which
the os help themselves freely, When ‘they
have regaled themselves to their satisfaction
they naturally look fora place of exit, Indoing
this they craw] over a liberal sprinkling of flour
on the bottom of the box and of course become
covered with the flour which sticks to them,
When thoroughly coated they are released and
they usually make straight for their hives, The
appear like a flock of white millers flying throug
the air and are thus easily traced in their home-
ward flight.

Mr. Utter has carried on operations for some
time and believes he is fully fortified with evi-
dence to win his suit. The case will be watched
with great interest. Bees are known to attack
and damage berries and fruit, but no case is
known it is said, where a recovery has been
sought in a suit at law. Their depredations
are very annoying and costly to fruit growers
and all attempts to drive them away are in vain,
Nothing is therefore left for the owner of the
fruit but to sue and endeavor to collect dam-
ages for the injury they do.

CROOKS AT WORK IN CONNECTICUT.

large Namber Operating Near Bridgeport
—Trolley Oar Passengers Robbed.

BripogPort, Conn., Aug. 27.—A lot of crooks
appeared yesterday when the trolley Hines to
the numerous shore resorta were crowded with
people, and «a dozen persons have reported
loases of money or valuables to the police.
The thieves did not confine their work to pick-
ing pockets, but robbed a number of summer
cottages along the shore, During the tem-
porary absence of the occupants, the cottages
of former Senator Catlin and Judge F. B, Hall
of the Superior Court at Fafrfield Beach were

entered. Silverware in Judge Hall's cottage
und nearly everything of value in the way of
Jewelry and table ware from both cottages
were taken away. William Baldwin of Milford
lost a wallet containing $05 {nu the crowd while
attempting to board « trolley car on the New
Haven line

Edward Smith of 52 Grove street, New Haven,
reported the loas of a vallet containing money
and valiable papers. tHe says his pockets
were picked while boarding atrolley car, Otto

Craft, William Burton and Frank Haggerty
went in bathing at Meadows Fad, Milford,
They left locked in a bathhouse three gold

watches, two rings, two diamond studs and
money, all valued at several hundred dollars,
There was a crowd at the beach, and when
they looked for their valuables they were miss-
ing.

Passengers leaving in the steamers running
out of this city on excursfons report loeses,
most of them amall, The police are confident
that a large gang of crooks are operating in this
neighborhood, working the crowds at steam-
boat piers and trolley starting points.

 

SITVER PLATE IN A BAQ.
J. A. Elltson’s Coachman Was Carrving Wt Off
Kinmes tt All on the Heat,

Mornt Vernon, N. Y., Aug. 27.—Patrolman
George Atwell locked up William Boyle this
afternoon on the charge of burglary. Boyle
ia a coachman, employed by Joseph H. Ellison,
a New York merchant who lives at 585 South
Third avenue. The family went on an outing
to-day, leaving the coachman in charge. At
1:30 o'clock this afternoon Sergt. Beckwith
received word over the telephone that a man
was aoting strangely on the Ellison property.
Patrounan Atwell jumped on a bievcle and just
before he reached the house he met Boyle.

“What have you in that bag you are carry-
ing?” demanded the policeman. “Dynamite,”
answered Boyle. “Look out!” And he drop
ped the baw on the sidewalk and started to
run. The policeman caught him after a chase.
The bag contained all of the Filison silver plate,
The prisoner had put ona pair of Mr, Ellison's
trousers and in lis grip he had an assortment
of his.emplover’s jaundry

Boyle says the heat affectad his mind

HAD

EARRING TORN FROM HER EAR.

Thief Got a Woman's Diemond and Tore Her
Flesh in Stealing It.

Mrs. Rosie Lewis of 26 Ridge street, while
in Grand street near Attorney street yesterday
afternoon, was approached froin behind by a
boy who tore from her ear a diamond earring
which she valued at $250, badly lacerating the
flesh in doing so. The woman sereamed and
Detectives Hadlich and Doherty of the
lancey street station chased the boy into a hali-

way in Attorney atreet and arrested him. The
earring waa tound near himon the floor, The
bev described himself as Otto Diederich, 14
years old, a wrocery clerk of | Ridge street. In

the Essex Market police court he was held in
$2,000 bail for examination

Fands Needed for the Floating Hospitals.

Alarge number of babies and small children
have been overcome by the heat during the
past few days and the floating hosp.tals of St
John’s Guild are greaus overtaxed in oonse-
quence. The trustees say that the smal. lives
dependent upon these hospital boats make it
imperative that (hey be kept open while the hot
wether lasts, They apperl to the pabue for
immediate aid, All contributions will be er ite-
tuily received by the treasurer of the Guild,
William T. Wardweil, 691 Fifth ave vue.

 

Presbyterian Foreign Misston Work,
The sixty-third annual report of the Board
of Foreign Missions of the Presbyterian Church
has just been issued. During the year a church
was organized at Manila station

opened at Iloilo with a force of seven mission=
ipt. of the Board tor tie

and a4 was

  
 
 

 

 

aries, The total re

year amounted to $055,083.77, and the total @ <-
bursements to 8940 ax The receipts from
legacies amounted to $42,342. The total in-

vested assets of the board are given at $1,261,-
926.40, For the famine relief in India $35,406.00
was expended under the direction of the board,

}
|

them such |

|

|

THE SUN, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1900.

THE PRESBYTERIAN CREED.

Ours

 

REVISION COMMITTEE SENDS
TIONS 10 PRESHYTERIES,

The Local Bodies Asked to Say What Changes,
if Any, they Desire to Mave Made in the
Westminster Confession of Falth—Action
of the New York Presbytery in Doubt,

The Presbyterian Creed Revision Committee
haa completed ite seasion at Saratoga and has
sent to the stated clerks of all the Preabyteries

4 statement embodying the report of the work

done by it and a series of questions as to how

each particular Preabytery standa on the pro-
poved revision of the several articles now under
discussion, ‘These questions are:

Firat

Patth? or

Second ~ Do you dere a supplemental, explana-
tory statement? or

Third. Do you desire to supplement our present
doctrinal standards with a briefer statement of the

Do you desire a revision of our Confession of

} doctrines “most surely believed among us," express

|
|

ing in simple language the faith of the Church In
loyalty to the system of doctrine contained in the
Holy Scriptures and held by the Reform Churches? or

Fourth Do you desire the dismissal of the whole
subject, 90 that our doctrinal standards shall remain
49 they are, without any change whatever, whether
revisional, supplemental or substitutional?

Fifth If your preference is for revisional action,
State In what direction and to what extent you would
have revision undertaken. The revision reported
fo the Assembly of 1802 might here be helpful as a
bas for judgment.

Siath If your preference ts for an explanatory
statement, indicate what specific points in the Con-
fession the explanation should cover, The committee
asks for the votes in the Presbyteries for or against
anything that Is recommended to It

The Revision Committee was appointed on May
23 by the Kev, Dr. Charlies A. Dickey of Philu-
delphia, Moderator of the General Assembly,
in accordance with # petition from about forty
Preabyteries asking that some steps be taken
toward a revision of the creed, The General
Assembly determined to proceed deliberately
in the matter, and the committee was appointed
with the design that a series of questions should
be formulated which could be sent to the other
200 Presbyteries in order that their stand on the
vexed questions might be known, The com-

mittee accordingly was made up of representa-
tives of all shades of conservatisin and liberal-
ism. The Rev. Dr. Samuel P. Sprecher of
Cleveland ts perhaps the best known of the
liberals on the committee, while the Rev, Dr.
Willlam McKibbin of Cincinnati is the most
widely known conservative. The Rev. Dr. B
Bb, Warfleld of Princeton was appointed to the
committee, but upon his declination to serve the
Rey, Dr. lienry van Dyke, now of Princeton,
but formeriy of the Brick Church, this elty, waa
appointed to his place

Prefacing the questions printed above the
committee declares in ite statement that the
questions now asked are suggestive mefely,
and that it must be understood that the oom-
mittee places no restrictions whatever on the
scope or range of the replies to be sent by the
different Presbyteries, Whe committee, how-
ever, warns the Presbyteries that is is not em-
powered to consider any suggestions that
would in any manner conflict with the syste
of doctrine taught in the Holy Scriptures and
contained in the Confession of Faith,

It will be noticed that in Article \, of the state-
ment the revision proposed by the conference
of 1892 is referred to, This report of 1892 was
made after three years of agitation, similar to
that going on now, The Briggs controvers
and trial diverted attention from the repo:
Among the articles which it was proposed in
the report of 1892 to strike out of the creed were
the two following:

By the decree of God, for the manifestation of His
glory, some men and angels ate predestined unto
Cran aanng life, and others foreordatned to everiasting

eath

These angels and men thus predestined and fore-
ordained are particularly and unchangeably designed,
and thelr mumber ts so certain and definite thatit
cannot either be increased or diminished.

A number of the conservatives at the Aseem-
bly of 1862, headed by President Patton of Prince-
ton, refused to sign the report advising the
striking out of these paragraphs, but slened
a minority report stating their exceptions to
the general report. They also objected to the
cutting out of the Italicized words in the fol-
lowing paragraph, 4s recommended by the
committee

All those whom God has predestined unto Itfe, and
those only, he \s pleased tn bis appointed and ac-
cepted time, effectually to call by his word and spirit
outof that state of sin and death in which they are
by nature, to grace and salvation by Jesus Christ,
&e.

Among the other sections that the report of
1802 and the forty Presbyteries to-day regard
as too hareli is the following:

Elect infants, dying In infancy, are regenerated
and saved through the Spirit, Who worketh when,
where, and how He pleaseth, so also are all other elect

rsons who are incapable of being called by the min-
stry of the word

Others, not elected although they may be called by
the Word and may have some common operations of
the Spirit, yet they never truly come to Christ and
therefore cannot be saved. Much lees can men not
professing the Christian religion be saved in any
other way whatsoever, be they never so dillgent to
frame their lives according to the light of natu
the law of that religion they do profess; and to assert
and maintain that they may |s very pernicious and to
be detested

As the report of 1892 promosed toamend it the
section would read

Infants dying In Infancy and all other one
not gullty of actual transgression are Included tn the
election of grace, and afe regenerated and saved by
Christ through the Spirit, Who worketh where, when,
and how He pleaseth. Others not elected, although
they may be called by the Word and may have some
common operations of the Spirtt, yet they never truly
come to Christ and thefefore cannot be saved: neither
ia there salvation in any other way than by Christ
through the Spirtt, however diligent men may be in
framing their lives according to the light of nature
and the law of that religion they do profess,

When the various reports are received from
the stated clerks the Revision Committee will
make its decision as to amendments that
are advisable and report the matter back to
the next General Assembly for action. As to

 

 

 

how the New York Presbytery will vote, there !

is considerable discussion and = speculation
among the local Presbyterians, The Brooklyn
Presbytery, it {s believed, will be led by its
younger element and will in all orobability
declare in favor of at least some of the changes
referred to above.

 

NEWARK’'S®WAN WITH THE HOF" CLUB,
Street Cleaners Organize It and Mr. Markham
Sends His Picture and Books.

Nrwakk, N. J., Aug, 26.—An organization
in this city has been christened “The Man With
the Hoe Club,” and when Edward Markham,
the author, was informed of it he waa just as
pleased as he could be, Much to the surprise
and gratification of the club he has acknowk
edged the compliment by sending his largest
photograph (11x14), two copies of his book
of poems and a letter,

The street cleaners decided to hold an old-
farhioned clambake at Meister'’s Hotel in
Bayonne, and a coramittee collected assese-
ments for the expense. Then some one sug-
gested a gh erga organization and it was
called “The Man With tue Hoe Club.” The
delegate who went around to the newspaper
offices with a notice that the club was going to
Bavonne on its “first annual outing” asked if
somebody jadn't written a book by that name,
an! on being told that it was only @ poem
looked relieved,

"Are you going to read the poem at the pio-
nic?” he was asked

Vell, dot vould be all righdt, what?”

And it wus
afierthe hotcorn and while waiting for another
keg to be tapped Then the motion was made
and carried that the Secretary write to Mark ham

, that bis poem had been read and cheered in

|

De- |

New Jersey, also at Bayonne in Meister s Hotel,

Mr. Markham acknowledges receipt of the
letter uinder date of Brooklyn, Aug. 24, as fol-
lows

Dear Mr. Lies: 1 was pleased to get your
good letter informing me of the first annual
outing of The Man with the Hoe Club of New-
ar} My phetogranh is mailed by this post

{ am also sen ‘ing the club my books, with my |

 

cordial compliments. Please bear to the mem-
a my brotherly greeting, and my
wishes for a long, prosperous career Faith-
fully yours, EDWARD MARKRAM.”
\cross the face of the photograph is written
larce. “Fraternaily yours,” and the autograph

 

| of the poet

| Dr. Wix Withdraws Marriage Annalment Suit,

|

| Dr

The action brought by Dr. George B, Wix
to annul his marriage to Emma L. Wix has
been discontinued by Justice McAdam of the
Supreme Court. Mra, Wix was the widow of
John J. Moore of Syracuse and had two
children when she and Dr, Wix were married
last April. He was a widower with one child,
He held aloof from her on their trip to Europe

immediately after the marriage, and thev
separated on their return in May. He sued
on allegations that she had misrepresented

her conduct since the death of Dr Moore and
before Dr. Wix marriea her. The suit was
discontinued by mutual consent.

Schoo'«hip St. Mary's at Fanchal,

Secretary Palmer of the Board of Education
yesterday received a cablegram from the come
mander of the schooishin St. Mary's announce
ing the arrival of the ves-el at Funchal,
Madeira Island-, with all well on board. The
St Mary's i- on her annual cruise with several
hundred youngsters aLoard who ure anxious to
become sailor... .

. and ;

 

|

'

 

The poem was read at the dinner |

|

hest |

|

 

SALMON FISHING IN CANADA,

Many Fish and Some Big Ones Taken To-
ward the End of the Season.

 

Quenro, Aug. 25.--One of the most success-
ful salmon seasons ever recorded in the history
of Canada haa just terminated, Most of the
salmon fishermen have already left for their
homes, though a few, like Walter M. Brackett,
the Boston artist, atill linger in camp to enjoy
the glorious weather and brilliant) autumn
tints of September, and to fish for the gamy
sea trout that follow the salmon to their spawn-
ing grounds, there to seek, with the destructive
kinetishers, the spawn of the king of fishes,

It has been a renarkable season in more re
specta than one, The early fishing was almost
a total failure, All the ralmon fieherinen who
could possibly do so rushed to their rivers ns
usual in the early part of the season, naturally
anxious to meet the firet run of fish, which are
almost invariably the largest to enter the river
But the season was unusually late and the
spring cold and backward, with extremely
high water in all the streams, So by the time
that the salmon were well into the
rivers and rising to the fly
many anglers had got through their fishing,
had exhausted their vacation and were back
again at business, Some fortunate ones were
able to return to the haunts of the salmon a few
weeks later, and those who did were more than
rewarded. There are always some fishermen
who can only get on to @ salmon river at the
tail end of the season. This year these were
the most fortunate of all. They enjoyed the
cream of the sport. Not for more than twenty

years has the salmon fishing in Canada been so
ood in the months of July and August as it was
hia year. Strange to say, these months wit-
nessed the killing of the biggest fish of the
season, as well as of the largest number.

On the Grand River of Gaapé, the average
weight of the fish caught during the first week
of August was 19's pounds, One of these
salmon weighed 6 pounds and occupied nearly
two hours in the killing. Another was 33
pounds, another 82, and the next heaviest
turned the scales at 28 pounds, A Mr. Cabot
of Boston and his nephews fished this river
in June and July, and though they had ex-
cellent sport in July, they had none that would
compare either for the number or the size of
the fish killed, with what the river vielded in
the early part of August, It is one of the best
salmon rivers in Canada, and in one of its pools
the writer has more than once counted 100
large salmon lying

The Grand Pabos River, which has not hith-
erto been a record stream for very large fish,
yielded the largest salmon reported killed on
the south shore of the St. Lawrence this year.
lt weighed forty-two pounds and fell to the
rod of Dr. Shepherd of Montreal, who was en-
Joying hia first season's experience on @ #al-
mon stream. The doctor had a very. tired
feeling about the arms for some daye after his
tussle with the big fish, for being a novice at
the sport he handled it more gingerly than
an old time fisherman would, with the result
that he tas three hours in killing it. For
nearly half the time that the fish was epee
the hook it sulked at the bottom of the river
and could not be got to move.

Mr. Brackett of Boston, who has been already
mentioned, ia still upon the bank of the Ste
Marguerite River, a tributary of the Saguenay,
where he has killed five times as many salmon
this season as last, a fact that is largely due
to the measures adopted this year by the Gov-
ernment of Quebeo to prevent the illegal
netting of the fish in the rnouth of the river.

The many American anglers on the Resti-

onehe had splendid sport this year. Jean

age and his party including William Sage and
Judge flamilton, enjoved good sport at Camp
Harmony, and among othera who were very
fortunate in their conf lect with the salrnon on
the Reetigouche were A. N. Cheney, chief fish
culturist of New York, Archibald Mitchell,
F. W. Ayer, Col. Stackpole, Mr. Stearns of Mont-
real and Mra. John Retd. This clever American
worran angler bent all the men who fished the
same waters, which were those over which the
late Billy Florence fished tor so many years
On one dar she killed fish of 96% and 2544 pounds
and a day or two later in the same pools one of
a pounds. Mr. Mitchell's score wag thirty-one
salmon and one grilse, with a total weight of
403 pounds Only eleven of his fish were under
20 pounds each in weleht. The Florence pools
are noted for thelr large fish, and it was here
that only last vear the young con of Jordan
J. Mott, Jr, killed a salmon of 43 pounds.

On the north shore of the Gulf the salmon
have bean extremely abundant this vear, At
the mouth of the St. Paul River, near the Straits
of Belle Isle, which is so far out of the way that
few anglers have ever reached it, one net fisher-
man and his son captured a hundred barrels of
salmon during the time that the min of fish was
ascending the river. James J. Hill, the St.
Paul railway man, and a party of four took
nearly a ton of salmon while fly fishing for five
weeks inJuneand July onthe St.John, a Lab-
rador river, for which they pay a rental of $3,500
a year to the Quebec Government,

Most of the Boston group of anglers who
come to Canada for their salmon fishing are
extremely well satisfied with their 1900 exper!-
ence. FS, Hodges had an enjoyable time
and good sport on the Natashquan, one of the
most rapid and most justly celebrated of Cana-
dian salmon streams, which was formerly
fished by Senator Edmunds and his party. RB,
F. Dutton, as usnal, fished the Little Pabos, and
John Fottler and his party the St, John's of
the south shore.

BADLY AURT STOPPING A RUNAWAY.
Policeman Ahrens's Brave Deed May Cost Him
His Life--His Legs Broken,

Policeman William Ahrens was perhaps
mortally injured in stopping a@ runaway at
Fifteenth street and Irving Place yesterday.
He is in Bellevue Hospital, and last night his
condition was said to be critical, The runaway
was a three-horse team which was attached
to a large truck of the New York Bottling Com-
pany. The horses became frightened at a
flashlight used by a photographer who was
taking the picture of a store in Irving Place
and Gashed down the street, Ahrens stooc
atthecorner, Seeing that the lives of many pe-
destrians werein danger, heran out in the stree
grasped the bridle of one of the horses anc
threw the animal to the ground, The two
other horses, however, dragged the fallen
animal on the policeman and the policeman
was thrown under the wheels. His legs were
broken and he was injured internally.

The horses were stopped at Fourteenth street,
Ahrens {s 38 vears old and lives at 1118 Third
avenie

 

 

 

 

 

TWO WIVES UNDER ONE ROOF,

AIS

Koch Sent to Jatl for Six Months for Aseauit-
ing One of Them,

Bruno Koch, 42 years old, of 878 Railroad
avenue, whe admits that he has two wives
and that he lived with them under the same
roof for over two years, was convicted yester-
day in the Court of Special Sessions in Brooklyn
of assaulting his second spouse, and sent to
the Penitentiary forlsix months, About a year
ago he induced his first wife to go to Germany,
On her return a few months ago he wanted
to take her back, and it was his second wife's
emphatic protest against this proceeding which
led to the assault.

 

ESTATE NEWS.

REAL

 

At the third auction eale of home sites offered
by the Hackensack land Company, which was
held Saturday afternoon, forty-three lots were
disposed of on Summit avenue, Passaic street,
Lookout avenue and Clinton place, at a total
of $10,685. Among thosé from New York who
made purchases were J. H. Emery, E,H. Titus,
A. J, Furden, Frank C. Osmer and W. G. Os-
goodby, The success experienced by the com-
pany on each of {ts successive sales is an {llus-
tration of the drift toward the suburbs, which
has frequently been commented upon in dis-
eussions on the outlying boroughs of New
York,

M. Kamak has sold the five-story brick tene-
ment, 25x98.9, No, 427 West Thirty-first street:
also the four-story and store brick tenement,
248x106, No, 741 Second avenue, and the four-
story brick and frame flat, 17.6x100, No. 747
East 175th etrer®

No. 615% Hudson street has been bought

by Jacob Kottek.

 

Auction Sales,
BY WILLIAM M. RYAN,

111th street, Nos. 15 and 17, north side, 250
feet west of Fifth avenue, 64X100.11, two five-
story brick flats, to the plaintitl, Edward Oppen-
heimer and Isaac Metzger, for $25,000; due on
judgment, $40,102.00; subject to taxes, &c.,
$204.07.

 

To-day’s Auction Sales,

BY PETFRF. MEYER & ©O,

Union avenue, southwest corner of Dawson
street, 25x100, five-story brick flat and store:
Moses Mendelsohn etal va. Fred C, Burlingame
et al (No. 1); Sondhelin & 8, attorneys; 8. V.
Helmberger, referee; due on judgment, $7,-
£26 40: subject to taxes, 4c., 8394.97

104th street, No. 60, north side, 92.6 feet west
of Fourth avenue, 12,6x100.11, three-story brick
dwelling; City Real Estate Company va, Louisa
Weber etal; William H. Stockwell, attorney;
Edward B. La Fetra, referee; due on judgement,
$5,880.28: subject to taxes, &c., $117.21.

BY MCVICKAR @ CO.
Ninth avenue, No. 623, northwest corner

|
|

V8 LR Bie eher. EaR

wm

Forty-fourth street, runs north 20.1 x weet
66 x north bad west 15 x aouth 40.1 x east 80 to
beginning, four-story brick flat and store
with two-story brick store building on. street;
Frederie K. Coudert, trustee for Loulse Peltier,
vs. Caroline Huerste) et al; Alfred Hayes, dr,
attorney: Eugene H. Pomeroy, referee; due
on Judgement, $6,524; subject to prior liens,
$15,380.28, taxes, Ac., $600.44,
BY ©, A. BRRRIAN,

Sixtloth sireet, No. 167, north side, 185 feet
weat of Third avenue, 20x100.5, four story stone
front dwelling; Thomas J. Melaughiin ve.
Mitchell A. C. Levy etal: Ennever & T. attor-
nevs; William C. Breed, referee; due on Judg-
ment, $4,404.06; subject to taxes, &c., $335.

Real Estate Transfers,

DOWNTOW®S,
(South of Fourteenth st.)
Cherry at, 112, 24.6450.48 trreg; Dernard
Golden to Morris Rosenberg, ', part, rs
Oe, mige $6,000, . ‘
Delancey st, 277, being tear of lot and ad
4) Cannon st, 18.ux14; Pincus Lowentel
and William Prager to Bernard Golden, all
lena, 68 $4.50,, 1
th st, 400 W250 108.1) Bridget HO'Shaugh-
neasy to Herbert C Lakin. 17,500
17,500

 

$1

15th st, 41) W, 25x103.1; Catharine A Deane
to Herbert © Lakin...

Pearl st, 02, 21468,0x Irreg; Pearl st, 144-
150, 43,6 irreg; Pearl st, 8 w cor Wall st,
18x46.6417.5247.2; Wall st, 65-85, 25.65
17.4, Beaver st, ns, lot 4, map of 5 lots of
Anson Blake, made by Joseph F bridges,
22542.Ax10.10245.2; Cedar st, 4, 20.25
59.0% irteg; Cedar st, nes, adj land of John
Stevens, 34.6x irreg; Cedar st, 25-27, 30.10
457.2x80.3x57.8; Eugene O'Sullivan to
Percy 8 O'Sullivan, 1-5 part and all title,
rs $00. ‘ se aeee dens

FAST SIDE.
(East of Fifth ae, between Fourteenth and 110th ste.)
1034 at, 114 F, 16"100.11; Ida E Moore to

Frances Marcus, t 8 $2.50, mtge $5,500. , a1
Same property; Frances Marcus to Max Marz,

rs $2.50, mtge $5,500... cv

WHST SIDE.

(West of Fifth av, Detween Fourteenth and 110th sts.)

56th st, 123 W, 256x100; Robert Blackburn

to Ella Klackburn, r 8 $30... . ss $100
Bistat, 131,06, 262 w Columbus av, 17x102.2;

Mary © Brown to Minnie M Mott, rs $10,

mtge $20,000, .. ; 1
Central Park West, W 4, 25.11 n 106th st, S2x

100; John F Falk to Sarah L Brown, re

$22, mige $35,000... hdbeeneanaee
HARLEM.

(Manhattan Island, north of 110th st.)

117th 4%, ns, 05 w Lenox av, 20100, 11; Adri

an H Larkin, referee, to United States

Trust Co, trustee. ..... . :
117th #4, n 4, 115 w Lenog av, 20100, 11; Adrt-

an H Larkin, referee, to

‘Trust Co, trustee... ’

-

20,000

BRONX.
(Borough of The Brontz.)

Westchester av, n 4%, 262 6 Prospect av, as
widened, 252100; Coleman J Burke to Anna
Burke, r $ $3.50, mige $3,500 + cune

Washington av, 2 w cor Main st, 1003100;
City Island; Frederie S Barnum, referee,
te Jane A Dickie, all titie.. ;

144d st, new line, $e cor Belmont pl, new line
25x 100; Alethea V Williams to Richard J
Fell, r 9 $2, mtge $2,500... ;

13th av, ns, 180 ¢ 4th st, 265x114, Wakefteld;
Hosa Feld to Kathie Masehe, all liens......:

Arnold av, ¢ % 175. % James st. 252x100,
Throgg’s Neck; William D Clarke et al to
Fillen Anderson, 1 4$35....... ee ‘

Lots 135 and 136, map 160 lots of M Morgen-
thau; Iszak Goodfriend to Rosetta Lee, r¢
$1.50, mtwe $1,350.....,-..-e00ee rT

Railroad av, ¢ $, 250 ¢ Fletcher st, 252141;
+k Marx to Frances Marcus, £981, mtge

1,000 . 0s ¢ epoorsce Seaas ‘ ene ee
157th st, 642 B, 105x190; Henry W Gilbert
to Bennett Witkowsky, rs $6.50, intge
BUT, OOO ons cr pserapreneceres rrern
154th st, 4 9, $75 ¢ Courtlandt av, 252100; Ben-
nett Witkowsky to Walter Seaman, r 9
$450, mtge $2,000.......

-

1,425

—_ =

-

2,450

100

_

Recorded Leases,

2d av, 785, store, &c; Wilson Marshall to
Michael Cregan, 5 yra.. x $1,500-1,600
634 st, 44 E; Charles H Cohen to Dr Seymour
Basch, 3 3612 yfe.........+5 . .
3d av, 8 ¢ cor 06th st, store, &c! Patrick Kier-
nan to James Kiernan, 4 10-12 yrs. . ..1,200-1,300

Recorded Mortgages.
DOWNTOWN.
(South of Fourteenth st.)
Madison st, 265-267; Fanny Levien to Isaao

Cohen, corfection, } yr... -. se $2,500
East Broadway, 200; Wolf Rosenberg to

Renben Isaacs, trustee, 5 yrs... . 26,000
East liroadway, 17, and Cathartne st, 13;

Josep Fischman to Bernheimer & Schmid,

saioon lease, demand... . 500
Macdodgal st, ws, 708 w King st; also gore

lot ad!, contains 9 square feet; Samuel W

Johnston to Satah L Loder and Eugenia

B Craft, Syrs.... iiiech: oe

EAST SIDE.
(Fast of Futth ae, between Fourteenth and 110% as.)
105th st, 843-345 F; also poaperty at White
Plains; Isaiah Dahut or s to Rap-
dolph W Townsend, 2 yrB... 6. ccc eee ee
WPRST SINR.
(Weet of Fifth at, Detreen Fourteenth and 110th sts.)
4fth st, n #, 125 w 10th av: Patrick Collins

2,000

to United States Fire Ins Co, 5 yrs... 5,000
fist st, n &, 300 w 10th av; Dora Rodenbach
to Fast River Savings Institution, 5 sts... 8,000
40th st, s @, 462.6 w 10th av; Augustus M
Herring to Chloe P and Eliza M Her-
ring, demand......... . 2,500
| Central Park West, ws, 25.11 n 106th st; Sarah
L, Brown to Henry J Braker, 1 yt... 2,
66th st, 335 W; Elizabeth Bracher, extrx,
&c, to Equitable Life Assurance Society,
2. yrs 0% yonetniae See
BRONX,
(Borough of The Brons.)
167th st, 642 E: Bennett Witkowsky to Enoeh
(op FB, a $2,000
Jerome av, ¢ 8, 124.0 8 Morris st; Willlam E
Brooker and Charlies H Schroeder () Anna
Fischer, 2 mos... 1,000
Same property; same to C Adelbert Becker,
3 mos ’ ‘o 2,500
Same property; same to James A and E T
Woolf, as trustees, et al, 3 mos.. 6,000

Discharges of Mortgages.

Am. Sec. Li Page,
Alexander, Richard, to Lena

 

 

 

 

 

 

sebmidt. ‘ wr tees $750 10 83% 470
Chandler, Katharina, to

William E D Swkes 20,000 4 282 382
Herche. Albert, to Martin

Keogh sees 210 AT 190 228
Johnston, Samurl W, to

William Joinston.. 2 eteeee 2 104 236
Necler, Annie R to Jennie

hi Gardner......-: : 5,000 4 08 802
Rosenberg, Morris, and wife

to Bernard Golden 1,900 1 60 87
Wenninger, Caroline, to

‘Thomas J Fell eee 1,500 11 36 2860
Katz, Sol and William, to

Sarab A Litchfield eoee 2,117 223
Conneily, Patrick, to George

Ehret (chattel Aug. 4},

lsey ‘ eves 1,900 No. 44,264
Keith, Irene, to Ludwig

Baumann (chattel Dee 20,

Sue). 26 No. 69,337
Keith, Irene, to Ludwig

Kaumann (chattel Sept

2u, 1&ev) 5 256 No. 48,073

Assignments of Mortgages.
Baer, Fdward, to G Frances Shaw......... $2,800
Enomet, Richard S, trustee, to Alfred Seton,

Jr, trustee... ene e nom
Garnsey, Erasmus 1D, to Jessie F Koewing.. 15,000
Kohn, Arnold, to The State Bank... ..... nom

Mechanics’ Liens,
Henry st, 148 Tecay Connolly vs Simon Eli+

berg and Bernard Margolls.... es
166th st, $$, 100 w Union av, 50x125; Brad-

ley & Currier Co vs Charles Holdorf, .. . 1,900.00
Washin nm av, ¢ $, 50 ¢$ 170th st, 245x100;

John W Rapp vs John J M Dunlop . $2.80
East Broadway, 203, Barnet Reviin vs Joseph

Barsky and Simon Henderson... ‘ 76.00
Grove st, 70: George Dewr vs Marta Fosster

and Peter Bianchettl,... 600,00
Park ay, ¢ 8, 225 s |S2d st, 205x100, George W

Lockwood vs George Sulzer and William

Guggolz... erry 50.00
1ifth, st, 227-245 W. the Sienna Marble and

‘11 Co vs Willlam S Long...... 1,250.00
124th st, n $s, 100 w Amsterdam av, 100x100

James Bowle vs Will'am Preuss, Jr ‘ie 22.00
1OSth st, 207-211 FE; Filippo QuaglinovesGiu. .

seppi Tuoti.... ‘ : 31.50
Jackson av, $ € cor 164d st, 72x75; the Dan

ville Stove and at Co vs Enoch © Beil,

Thomas Wren and Ellen Mulholland.. . 607.00
Broadway, 663495: Thomas RK Meagher vs

Ray State Hotel Co, John Cannon and W

E Kruger & Co... 840,00
Main st, ¢ $, 210 6 Grant st, 25x60; Canulo

Schattino vs George Jtoseph and Charles

Grossmann..... : . 2425
124th st, ss, 825 w Columbus ar, 502100; Al

fred L Miller vs Salvatore Spailone 1,229.59
1G5th st, se cor Prospect ay, | 8

Av x W4. 10x irreg lo OV X B87 to beginning;

Emerich Billard vs Louther S Horne........ 775,00
Eagle av, © %, 297.2 n Westchester av, 25x

117,6x25x11%.4 ne Danville Stove and

Mfg Co vs Enoch C Hell, Thomas G Wren

and Ellen Mulholland.... Ceeereeenres 528.00

Satisfied Mechanics’ Liens,
Westchester av, « w cor Beach av, 100"125;

Low & Flogaus vs Aaron Abrams, May 21,

1000... ‘ $54.32
Washington av, 1591-1504 Robert F Seiffert

vs Beverly Robinson, Aug 14, 1900,, é 82.15
Rivington st, ne cor Goerck st; Charles Weiss

bere ¥8 Lows Lippman etal, Aug 15, 1900 960.40
Amundson av, Ws 380 n Nelson av, 50%100;

Frank V Rundqvist vs Ernst Moren et al,

Aug 7, 1900,.... 8 69.56
Ath av, ne cor 152d st: James Patten vs John

Farrell et al, July 40, 1000....., iiscne | «SO
Same property; Micharl F O'Neill vs same,

July 23, 1000...6.. 00005 Pew | |
166th st, $5, 800 € 11th av, 60x00,11; George

Grossmann vs George D Krouwer-Ancher,

July 16, 1900... 4 eave 750.00
114th st, 11-15 W: Philip Jacobsobn vs Cath-

arine Fish, March 14, 1800... . 225.00
186th st, $4, 1 ¢ Union av, 50297; Emanuel

Liguori vs Charles liuldort! Aug 1, 1900.. 40,00

 

Foreclosure Suits,

West Find av, w 4, 25 ¢ 8h st, 20x40; Archer V Pan-
coast, trustee, Vs Irving Fish etal, attys, Hubbard
&K

Sth av, nN w cor 45th *t, A7x125x irreg; Walker & Cham-
bers vs James R Roosevelt et al, trustees, de; fore-
close lien, attys, Putney, T & P.

Kingsbridge road, ¢ $s, lots 61 and 62, map 40 lots and
16 villa sites portion of Anthony estate on Kings
bridge Heights; Warren B Sammis vs Jacob D But
ler and wife; atty, W E Sammis

63d 41, 200-213 E; Christy
Pritip Wolff et al;
Bé

Oth st, 44, 102 & Madison ay,
lein, Jr, vs Sarah J Grinnel
alty's, Wilson, Bo & W

Lot 77, map of Arden property,
Vv Taylor vs Thomas Woods

Lochmann and ano vs
se lien; attys, Wiison,

3x 100 5; Henry Han-
et al; toreclose lien;

Westchester; Annie
and ano; alty, JO

de la Mare
Dominick st, 4%, 170 ¢ Hudson st, 20x45; the East
River Savings Institution v6 Matthew Stripp, et al;

atty, M © Grows,
Lis Pendens.

2d st, n 9, lot 44, map of Untonport, 100x108; John
Mierhofer et al vs Sarah A Kauch, action to recon:
vey, d&c; attys, Meighan & M.

 

 

Pians Filed for New Butidings.
NOWNTOWN,
(Suth of Fourteenth at.)

Hudson st, 627; improvement to dwelling and
Store: William Soommer, owner; cost

RAST SIDR
(Ean of Fitth av, between Fourteenth and 110th sts.)

424 st, 82 E: improvement to bank and storage
bouse, Lincoln Deposit Co, owner, WL
Tubby, architect; Cost... ccc ce ie ceeee

WEST SIDR
(Weat of Fifth av, between Fourteenth and 110th sta.)

22d st, 16 W, improvement to store; L Sachs,
owner; cost

$1,000

HARLEM.
(Manhattan Island, north of 110th st.)

Broadway and 112th st, n ¢ cor, seven-story
bachelor apartments and flats: G I Wilson,
owner; Neville & Bagge, architects; cost....$250,000

HRON X.
(Borough of The Bronz.)

Riverdale lane, n $s, 1000 ¢ Mosholu ay; one
story greenhouse; E K Butler, owner, RW

Murphy, architect: cost.... . giant 4600
Webster av, ws, 384. n Southern Boulevard;

one story shop, Fred Allen, owner, H&J P

Walther, architects, cost... ‘ ‘ 250
Lorillard pl, 2344, improvement to tenement;

Mrs Mary Coyne, owner; MJ Duffy, areht-

eet; cost... 2,200

Woodlawn road, n $, 80 e Perry av; improve-
ment to dwelling; R N Quinn, owner;
Muller, architect; cost

FD

severe 850

 

Estate,

Beal

Buse fprdecr

503 Fifth Av,
HOUSES FOR SALE AND RENT,

Furnished and Unfurnished,
ty _ most desirable sections of the city.
Also Westchester County and out of town proper
thee, Telephone 2505—S4sth St

% 44% Px
Money to Loan on
N. Y. City Real Estate.
A. W. McLAUGHLIN & C0,,

146 BWay.,

HORACE 8. BLY ALFRED BE. MARLING

HoraceS.Ely & Co.

REAL ESTATE,
64 Cedar St. 23 West 30th St,

City Real “Estate,

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

THE LAWYERS’ TITLE
INSURANCE COMPANY

OF NEW YORK

furnishes careful appraisements of real
estate at regular rates,

APPLY TO

BUREAU OF INVESTMENT,

87 LIBERTY 87.

 

Auctioneers.
W. J. Van Pelt,

Agents.
Geo. KR. Head.

REAL ESTATE,

Head Office: 60 Cedar St., near Nassan.
Branch: 1 Madison Ave, 23d St

Brokers. Appraisers.

Above 14th at., Sth av. to East River,

FRAME HOUSE ON FULL LOT.

26 Fast 129th, between Madison and Sth aves.;
one of the best locations !n Harlem; bouse is in first
class condition: 12 good rooms; will be sold on rea-

sonable terms.
T. W. SHOTWELL, 291 Lenox av.

 

 

Borough of Bronx—Sale or Rent,

VAN CORTLANDT on the New York and Put

o nam KR. RK, large stone
mansion and stable with ten acres of ground, house
has fifteen rooms and ts well adapted for a school or
institution; will sell Wile Rte erty at asacriice Ap
ply estate of HUGH N. CAMP, 55 Liberty st

Borough of Brooklyn—Sale or Rent,

 

 

 

WO-FAMILY HOUSES; two-story and basement

stone fronts; Just completed: all houses on bivo«

two-story stone; five sold Decatur st, between Howara
and Saratoga avs. OTTO SINGER, Bulider.

 

 

to Let for Business Purpo
~~ §T. ANN BUILDING. —

Sand 5 West 14th St, one door from 5th Av.

LARGE LIGHT LOPTS.,

Passenger and freight elevators.
tents reasonable
WARREN & SKILLIN, 96 BROADWAY.

 

 

A FOUR-STORY AND CELLAR BUILDING;
large show windows; In stove district; rent mod-
er 106 and 108 Beekman st

RULAND & WHITING, 5 Beekman st

Dwelling Houses To Let.
ONLY $900 PER ANNUM.

Nos, 536 to 554 West 140th st.; beautiful four-story

American basement dwellings, 10 rooms, 2 bath-

rooms; deoorations and chandeliers to sult tenant
Caretaker or WARREN & SKILLIN, 06 Hroadway.

flats aud Apartments to Zet—An-
furnished,

  

 

 

 

Below 14th St.
RANKLIN ST., 203, 8. W. cor, Washington—s
rooms $9 per month. mi MRS, HORAN,

Above 14th » East Side,

HOFFMAN ARMS,

MADISON AV. AND s¥TH ST,
Large sunny apartments: unfurnished and fur
nished; can use own kitchen or restaurant; select
patronage.

Above 14th St. West Side.

WO months’ rent free, 1452 Amsterdam av., near

1824 st; new building; brigiteosey flat; 5 rooms

and bath; open plumbing; steam heat; rents, $18-$21;
small families wanted: Janitor on premises

 

 

 

 

 

 

Brooklyn.

11 month. flat, 5 rooms, 940 Myrtle av.
12 month fiat, 5 rooms, 051 DeKalb av.
Janitor on premis:s at both places

———
Furnished Rooms & Apartments ta Let

Mast Side,

2 TH ST, 120 FEAST—Handsomely furnished
large connecting rooms; private baths; running
water; references.

West Side.

THE JULIEN,
16 West 20th at; rooms large and small, en suite o
singly meals optional; exceptionally good home
cooking: a la carte luncheon served for shoppers from

12 to A; references
12
# bedroom and bath for a gentleman; references,
93D ST. 202 WEST Newly furnished, large and
@ smallrooms for gentlemen; central location;
caterer in house

89 ST., 24 WEST—Bachelors’ desirable rooms

Oe private baths; all conveniences; large parlor

floor; suitable dentist or physician; formerly occupled

by physician six years

3 TH ST., 260 WEST—Two nicely furnished
square rooms; all improvements; terms reason:

able; board optional.

3 TH ST. 48 WEST—Cool, comfortable and con
venient rooms for transient or permanent gucsta

 

TH ST, 40 WEST—In quiet house: sitting room

  

|
$500
$80

2a ber

 

-
wT tO

sonmanaemenniieiemianatiin

 
    

   

 

 

420 ST,.65 WEST, HOTEL PARKVIEW-
Furopean; rooms single and en suite: $1.00 day:
$5 week up

6 IHST 142 WES! -Mlegantly, newly furnished

 

rooms; large, small private bath; firsk
class house and nelehborhood; summer rates.
Brooklyn,
ART ST,, 240A Single, double rooms; thor-

H oughly kept and comfortable; near Sumnes,
Myrtle, DeKalb ava. care

Gl MARK'S AV, 196—Cornet ho ise; newly fure
+? pished rooms for gentiemen only; convenient
four ear lines

Usiox ST., 734—Nicely furntshed back parlor: use
é Mn ball room, front parlor; attendance; doetor,
entist,

—————————

Select Bonrd,

Ann nee ~~

 

Kast Siae,

ADISON AYV,, 183, 155, 157—Parlor floor en
suite; private bath; also large rooms, excellent

N

lable; references.
MA sON \V., 87-Large and small rooms; su.
4 perior table; location central, transients accom

modated.

ST. ALBAN'S—B, W. DE FOREST, PROP,
6, 7 and 9 Fast 31st st.—Central location; desirable
rooms; private raths: parior dining room.

Went Side,

ANK ST., 33—Handsomely
and hall rooms; every convenience;
board; references required,

WW AStiNaron PLACE, (117,) near 6th av—
Large pariorfor party gentlemen; also single
rooms; good table.
17 TST. 24 WEST —Nicely furnished <tngie and
double rooms with board to destrable parties;
reference.
QD ST., 344 WEST--Newly furnished rooms;
#0 transients or permanent families; table board;
printed bill fare: parlor; piano; references.

2 THST., WEST-—Newly furnished square
room: all improvements; convenient to all cars

board optional.

8 D ST., 59 WEST-—Rooms with board: central

e location; parlor dintng rooms; reduced rates;

three doors from Hroadway.

7 First-class French boards

 

furnished square
superior

 

 

 

4 TH 8T., 218 WEST
ing house; large, small rooms. with board; table
board, =
SoveeneNURRRRANEROURNEN aaoenaenpeemmemnacenacanneseneniiniil
Brooklyn,
60, Helghts-Iarge and emall

CLARE ST.
jeasnut rooms; all improvements; superior
; table boarders accommodated, references,

YOLUMLIA HEIGHTS, 138—Handsomely fur
/ nished large, small rooms; river view; Sood,
wholesome table: five minutes Bridge.

I ECATUR ST., 391A—Handsomely furnished

front alcove room; every improvement; twe
closets; convenient cars; table board.

ENRY ST., 08 Helghts—Five minutes Brid
cool rooms; excellent board $5 w 86 wee

reference.
} ENRY ST., 101, Hetghis—Nicely furnished
good closets; running water; execilens

rooms
table: five minutes Bridge.

I IVINGSTON ST., 62
4 Heights: new management;
rooms; excellent table; reference.

QT. MARK'S AV., 58—Handsomely furntahed front
%) alcove: square, hall roums; every improvements
superior board references.

4OUTH OXFORD ST., 180—T wo rooms on 24 Seow
WO Ad floor front; table first-class; references.
‘ A, Srareienmnenet
Tear, MAGNIFICENT HOUSE, 82 Pierrepont et,

corner Henry: cheerful bedrooms; comfortable

and healthful: large reception hall: convenient to
business; dining room on first floor; fine meals serveds
gentlemen preferred; rare opportunity.

\ YILLOW ST, HEIGHTS, 146—Pleasant rooma to
rent with board; convenient Wall st. ferry

boar

between Clinton and
newly de

 

 

Bridge.

       

ice Hotties,

LARA

‘Post Oft

post OFFICE NOTICE,

 

 

(Should be read DAILY by all Interested, as changes
may occur at any tima)

Forelen mails for the week ending Sep.
1900, will close (PROMPTLY in all cases) at th
General Post Office as follows) PARCELS POS’
MAILS close one hour earlier than closing time shown
below. Parcels Post Matis for Germany close at &
P. M. Wednesday and Friday

TRANSATLANTIC MAILS,
WEDNESDAY. - At7 A. M. (supplementary © A. ML)
for EUROPE, per steamship New York,
Southampton (mall for Ireland must be dl

“per steamship New York"); at 9 A, M. (supple-
mentary 10:30 A, M.) for EUROPE, es seam-
ship Majestic, via Queenstown; at }6:30
for BELGIUM direct, per steamship Fi
(mail must be direct “per steamship Friee-

land”),
THURSDAY. —At 6:30 A. M. for EUROPE. pay
+ steamship Kalser Friedrich, via Plymouth
Hamburg (mall for France, Switzerland, ¥
Spain, Portugal, Turkey, Egypt, Britteh
and Lorenzo Marques, via Cherbourg, must

directed “per steamebip Kaiser Friedrich”); Hy
6.30 A, SM. for FRANCE, SWITZERLAND,
ITALY, SPAIN, PORTUGAL TURKE
EGYPT, BRITISH INDIA and LOREN
MARQLES, per steamship L' Aquitaine, va
Havre (mall for other parts of Europe must be

directed “per steamship L'Aquitaine”); at 18 4
for DENMARK direct per steamship Norge
must be directed ‘‘per steamship Norge”).

FRIDAY At 11 A M. for NORWA\. direct,
steamship Norge (mail must be directed
steamship Norge’,

SATURDAY. —~At6 A. M. for EUROPE, per steam-

ship Umbria, via Queenstown (mall for G y
must be directed “per steamship Umbria; at
6.30 A. M. for GERMANY, per steamship er,
via Cherbourg, Southampton and Bremen (mail

for other parts of Europe must be directed
steamship Aller”); at A. M. tor NETH
LANDS, per steamship Rotterdam (mail must be
directed “per steamsh{p Rotterdam”); at 89 A. ML
for IT ALY per steamship Ems (mail must be
directed “per steamship Ems"); at 10 A. M it
SCOTLAND direct, per steamship Furnessa
must be directed * steamship Furnessia’,

*PRINTED MATTER, ETC.—This steamer tates
Printed Matter, Commercial Papers, and Samples
for Germany only. The same class of mall mat-
ter for other parts of Rurope will not be sent by
this ship unless speclally directed by her.

After the closing of the Supplementary Transtlantl
Malis named above, additional supplemen
mails are opened on the plers of the Amerioan,
Engitsh, Freneh and German steamers, and re-
main open untl! within Ten Minutes of the hour
of sailing of steamer

MAILS FOR SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERIOA,
WEST INDIES, ETe.

TUFSDAY. —At @:30 A, M. cup Memontary, 30
A. M.) for CENTRAL AMERICA (except ‘ta
Hica) and SOUTH PACIFIC PORTS, per steam-
ship liudson, via Colon (matl for Guate

must be directed i steamship Hudson”);
Yr. M. for JAMAICA, per steamship
Dewey, from Boston.

WEDNESDAY. —At 10 A. M. for INAGUA, HAITI
and SANTA MARTHA gy Steamship Mount
Vernon, at 2 P.M. for BARBADOS and NORTH=
ERN BRAZIL, per steamship Grangense; at &

 

 

 

P. M. for MEXICO, via Tampleo, per stea'
Seneca ‘mail must be directed “per stea
Seneca”), at2 P.M. for BARBADOS and NO

HRAZIL, per ean Sn Gragense

THURSDAYS ats A. M. for BERMUDA,
steamship Pretoria: at 11 A. M. for DENM
direct, per steamship Norge (mall sayst be a
tected “per steamship Norge aA * .
SATAN CANTECHE. TABASCO and ont
AVAS, per steamship Yucatan, via Havana and
Progreso (mat) for other parts of Mexico and for
Cuba must be directed “per steamahip Yu
ati P. M. (supplementary 1,30 P, M.) for
SAU, GUANTANAMO and SANTIAGO,
steamship Niagara: at 0 P.M. for JAM
wr steamship Admiral Schley, from Boston,

PRIDAY.~ Atl 2. M. for YUCATAN, via
ver Steamship Dagery

SATURDAY’. - Avi A. M. for NEWFOUNDLAND;
per steamship Assyrian, from Philadelphia; at
10 A, M. (supplementary 10.30 A. M.) for He
TUNE ISLAND, JAMAICA, SAVANT
CARTHAGENA and GREY TOWN, per eteadi-
ship Alleghany (mall for Costa Rica must
directed “per steamship Alleghany’); at10 A,
for PORTO RICO, per steamship Pouce; at 10:80
A. M. for HAITI, per steamship Oranty Nassau,
via Port au Prince umatl for Curacao, Venesuela,
Trinidad, British and Duteh Guiana must be
directed “per steamship Oranje Nassau’); a& 31
A. M. for CUBA, per steamship Havana,
Havana,

Mails for Newfoundland, by rail to North :
and thence by steamer, close at this office dally
at 430 17. M. (connecting close here every Mon-
day, Wednesday and Saturday.) Matis for Mique
lon, by rail to Boston, and thence by steamer,
close at this office daily at 630 P. Mo Maile for
Cuba, by rall to Port Tampa, Fla, and thenoe
by steamer, close at this office dally (except Mon-
day) at §7 A. M. (the connecting closes are on
Sunday, Wednesday and Friday), Maile for
Mexico City, overland, unless specially addreesed
for despatch by steamer, close at this oMfoe dally
at 230 A. M. and 230 PF. M. Malls for Costa
Riea, by rail to Mobile, and for Helize, Puerto
Cortez and Guatemala, by rall to New Orleans,
and thence by st r, clase at this office y
at §8 P.M. (connecting closes here Tuesdays for
Costa Rica and Mondays for Belize, Puerto Oor-
tez and Guatemala §Registered mall eleses
at 6 P. M. previous day,

TRANSPACIFIC MAILS,

Malls for Hawall, Japan, China and Philippine 4
ands, via San Francisco, close here daily at 6;
P. M. up to September $1 st, inclusive, for despateh
per steamship China Malls for Australia (ex-
cept West Australial, New Zealand, Hawal
Fifi and Samoan Islands, via San Frand
close here dally at 650 P, M. after August (100
and up to September fist, inclusive, of on day of
arsival of steamsiip Campania, due at New Yorks
September gist, for despaten per steamship aa
Mails for China and Japan, via Vancouver,
here daily at 640 P.M

up to September ~
inclusive, for despatch per steamship Emp
{ must be directed
a,

 

  

 
   

China (registered mal
Vancouver’) Mails for Hawan, Chin

and Philippine Islands, via San Francisco, close
here daily at 6.50 1). M. up to September
Inclusive, for despatch per Steamship c,
Mails for Hawa'!, \ia San Francisco, close here
daily at 630 P M. up to September §14th, tnolu
sive, fordespateh persteamship Australia, Mallq

for Australia (except West Austrailia, which 0
via Europe, and New Zealand, which go via
San Francseo:, and t slands, via Vancouver,
close here daily at & 30 1. M. up to September
ith, inclusive, for despatch per steamship
Narrimoo (supplementary matis, via Seattle,
close at 6.30 P.M. September gi6th),

Transpacific mails are forwarded to port of ealing
daily, and the schedule of closing is arranged on the
resumption of their uninterrupted overland transit,
Registeced mall closes at 6 P. M. previous day,
CORNELIUS VAN COPT, Post
Post OMce, New York, N. Y., August aa,

™