LINE,
ac oi.
cepted,
. Provi-

9.
DEAN
nal St.
@ direst
t.
tore.
Saaee

a

ve West

making
Saat

BA

n

1 Foster,
Sunday,
re,gents,
R., 7:20;

repeated;
b and big

lved here
following
hell, 904;
hell, 4045
ht), 404.
ping.

rig. Gen.

aled pro-
se Dulld-
4, 1HOO,
laneous
sprink
wal year
year as
ject any
partment
todian.

sals for
of Yards
. unt t

ubliely
fiding of
y ‘Yard
ay be
vy Yard,

OO TT,

——————————

$Y BADEN-POWELLIS DEAD

yA@UE REVOAT FROM THE AVERS
apovr MAFEKING’S COMMANDER,

Hot Helteved tn London—Gen. Brabant
Holding Ont Against the Boers’ Attack
at Wepener— Boberte Sending Troops
Forward--Boere Still Moving South and
May Agnin Invade Cape Colony—Gatacro
Ordered Home~Baller Bepulses Boers.

< pecial Cadle Despatch to Tae SUN.

Loxt >, April 12.—There {a no confirmation
of the Boer report of@ further British disaster
near Dewetsdorp, and it (snow assumed that
the report 18 baseless, It 1s hoped that another
report {rom the same source to the effect that
Col, Balon-Powell, the defender of Mafeking,
has been killed a also untrue.

Such an event wouldcause @ greater sensa-
tion an! deeper grief tn Fngland than the
death of any other officer in South Africa ex-
cept Wen. Roberts Public imagination has
maa Col, Baden-Powell the object of romantio
her) worship, which has grown in tntensity
with every day that Mafeking has been be-
leaguered

The report comes in @ despatch from Pre-
toria w! ch says only that there ie a rumor
there that Col, Baden- Powell ia dead, No cause
of death is assigned.

There is nothing later than Gen. Roberts's
paws concerning the position of affairs at
Wepener, where Gen, Brabant’s Colonial force
{s besieged, Gen. Roberts eends the following
despatch to the War Office:

‘}poemwontety, April 10.—The enemy has
pecn very active for the past few days, One
commando is now on the north bank of the
Orange Kiver close to Aliwal North. Another
jg attacking the Wepener garrison, which is
holding out bravely, and inflicted serious loss
on the Boers yesterdays.

"Major Springer was killed. No other casual-
ties have yet been reported.

“Troops are being moved up rapidly. A patrol
of six men haa been mnisaing since April 7.”

A later despatch from Gen. Roberts states
the patrol has returned safely.

Apreasdespatch says the British losses at
Wepener on Monday were 11 killed and 41
wounded. The British, it te reported, were
holding thelr own on Tuesday evening.

A news agency despatch from Aliwal North,
timed 1:30 o’eloeck yesterday morning, says:
"Ny pews has been received from Wepener.
The sky has been cloaded and this has pre-
vented hellographing. Six hundred additional
troops have arrived,”

There is no news concerning the other part
of Gen. Brabant’s force, which is at Aliwal
North, seventy miles from Wepener, On
Tuesday parties of Boers were etill trekking
southward from Winburg through Thaba
N’Chu, but their destination is unknown, The
fact that the Orange River is now very low
and easily fordable may be tempting
the burgherg to again raid Cape Colony.

The main Boer position, as described in a
despatch from Lorenzo Marques, is a range of
hi's between Kroonstad and Winburg, a dis-

tance of eixty miles. Itis fortified throughout
and is almost impregnable. Here, it is said,
35,000 Boers, with ninety guns, are concen-
trated.

The British concentration at Bloemfontein
eoutinves. The iown on Tuesday contained
more troops thin on any previousday, The
pen ure reveiy ng new woollen khaki uniforms
and new b ots. The permanent defences of
the place are nearing completion so that the
cityoan be held by a relative y small garrison,
There are no reports of a lack of water. Bcouts
aay that th» machinery and dame of the water-
works near Korn Spruit are intact.

Aecording to the Standard's Durban corre-
spondent, the brigade which has been with-
drawn from Gen. Buller’s army will be com-
manded by Gen, Hunter. Tworegiments have
alrea’y embarked at Durban, and the Dublin
Fusiliers and Connaught Rangers are now em-
barking. AJl will join Gen. Roberts,

Gen, Kitchener was reported to be at Burgh-
ersdorp Wednesday. He has apparently been
in that district for some days. His purpose is
unkpown, but It is doubtless in connection
with defending the frontier against another
possible invasion by the Boers,

The Times correspondent at Bloemfontein
says that owing to the strategical conoentra-
tions which have taken place since the enemy’s
movements became defined there ie little need
for anxlety regarding the safety of the
border of Cape Coiony. Isolated horsemen
are reported to have crossed in the vicinity of
ladygrey into the Inte disaffected districts,
but no organized invasion is now possible, ex-
cept under extreme riske, which Commandant
Olivier is not Iikely to take, especially as his
horses are reported to be much exhausted,

GEN,

GATAURBE ORDERED HOME,

Action Taken, It Is BeMeved, Because of
His Poor Work in the Field.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Loxpoy, April1l.—A despatch from Bloem-
fontein states that Gen. Gataore {s to return to
England. It is not stated that he is coming
home either on account of his health or for
Private reasons, and it ia certain that his re-
turn will be popularly connected with his
fullure to achieve success in the field. He is
beld responsible for the recent British re-
Verses at Reddersburg, as he was for the
disaster at Stormberg early in the war.

Gen, Chermside has gone to Apringfontein to
Mcceed Gen, Gatacre. An eleventh division,
Which will be commanded by Gen, Pole-Carew,
1s being formed.

The Times correspondent at Bloemfontein
Motes in connection with Gen. Gatacre’s re-
tirement an official announcement that he has
been ortered to proceed to Ragland.

BOPR TREATMENT OF PRISUNERS,

Woman Arrives at Cape Town From Pre-
teria and Says They Have Suffered Severely.
Special Cable DespatcA to THE SUN.

From THR SuN‘*s Correspondent at Cape Town.
Care Toww, April 11.—A woman who left
Pretoria on March 20 and who hasarrived here
MDorta that the manner !n which the Boers
fe treatiog their prisoners is shameful, and
that dysentery and typhoid fever are prevalent
&Mong the captives,

At first, the prisoners confined at Waterval
bad no tents, and the sick, as well as those
Whose health had not yet been affectod, were
sbliaed ‘osleep on straw. The medical com-
orts Were scanty, Dr, Haylitt, the medical
Officer, resigning, owing to the fact that {t was
MMpossibie for him to obtain medicines, and he
Ws succeeded by Dr, Van Grelot, a Russian
bbysician, Tha latter, when he learned the
*r2ition of affairs, also threatened to resiga
Sbless medicines and tents were furnished for

the sick. ‘he Boers then partly remedied the

at colonial prisoners are treated as com-
toa efact Some of them are working

On th ata et
‘* streets rather than remain in jail.

FONT DISCUSS PORTUGAL'S ACT.

Freneh Government's Answer to an Inter-
Prladion on the Betra Concession.

p “pecia Cade Despatch to THE SUN
ts on Apri. 11.—Replying to an interpellation
the + harm ber of Deputies to-day in regard to
Cases te @ of british troops at Beira, Portu-
oes ' Africa, M. Deleaseé, the Minister of
ean Affairs, said the Government could not

S \ qdestion of international law.
onene (ia! fet, the Minster of War, ex-
sien Gratification at the honors paid by
b:. Yitish oMcers to the body of Col de Ville:
| Boer g eull,the French Chief of Staff of the

my, Who was killed near Boehef.

\

METAUEN’S REPORT OF VICTORY,

Boer Who Killed Lieut. Willlame After
Raising a White Flug Was at Once Shot.
Special Cable Despatch to Tak SUN.

Lowpon, April 11,—A despatch received at
the War Office from Gen, Roberts states that
Gen, Methuen reports that the Boer party
which he defeated on AprilS made a good re-
sistance for four hours. They only gave in
when the British troops, with fixed bayonete,
were within fiftesu yards of them.

Seven of the Boers were killed, eleven
wounded and fifty-one captured. Lieute.
Boyle and Williams and Sergt. Campbell! were
killed and ten soldiers wounded, Lieut. Will-
jane waa killed deliberately after a white flag
had been held up. The perpetrator of the
crime was at once shot.

Gen. Methuen, the despatch adda, speake in
high terms of the intelligent manner in which
the Yeomanry and the Kimberley mounted
troops behaved. .

ROERS AITA CKED BULLER’S RIGHT,

He Reports to Roberta That He Silenced
Their Guna,
Special Cadle Despatches to THE SUN,

Lapremiry, April 11.—The attempt made
by the Boers yesterday to turn the British
flank near Elandsiaagte and to cut off the
British from their base at Ladysmith was un-
successful. The uaval guns checked the
Boers. The British lost three killed and two
wounded,

Lonpow, April 11.-A despatch from Gen.
Roberts says Gen. Buller reports that the
enemy attacked his right flank yesterday while
he was engaged in changing his position, but
hie artillery silenced the Boer guns and they
did not press the attack. The British losses
were four killed and eight wounded

The Boer attack on Gen. Buller’s camp did
not develop into an action of importance. It is
surmised that the movement was designed
to ascertain the British strength. The Boer
artillery fire was extremely accurate. They
planted shells amoug the tents in the British
camp. Most of the troops were absent drilling,
but they had to retarn and strike some of the
tents. The artillery combat lasted for hours,
and there was some rifle firing.

AMBULANCE CORPS GRITS THROUGH,

Portugal Leta the Chicago Expedition Pro-
ceed to Pretoria.
Special Cadle Despatches to THR SUN

Longnzo Marques, April 11.—The ambu-
lance for service with the Boers, which was or-
ganized with subscriptions ralsed in Chicago,
was detained upon its arrival here on auspicion
that it was a filibustering expedition. The
matter was finally straightened out, and the
ambulance started for Pretoria to-day by train.

It was accompanied by a hundred French. ,

men and Germans. Their departure was only
allowed after several stormy interviews with
the authorities here. They were without pass-
porta or other credentials except a letter from
Misa Clara Barton, President of the American
ted Cross, certifying that she had personal
knowledge of some of them.

Lonpon, April 12.—Aeccording to the Daily
Mail's correspondent at Lorenzo Marques
many of the men accompanying the American
ambulance which recently arrived at that
place for service with the Boers, declared that
it was their intention to fight with the
burghers.

BOER SYMPATHIZER MOBBED,

Mr. David Lloyd-George, M. P., Attacked
for His Speech at Bangor.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, April 11.—Another instance was
given to-day of the intolerance of tho sup-
porters of the Government's war policy against
those who ojpose the hostilities in South
Africa. Mr. David Lioyd-George, member of
Parliament for the Carnarvon district, ad-
dressed his constituents at Bangor, speaking
against the war and against the Government's
{intention to annex the Transvaal and the
Orange Free State.

He was frequently interrupted by opponents
within the hall in whi6b he was speaking, while
a@mob outside stoned the building, breaking
many of the windows. As he was leaving the
meeting he was attacked by the opponenta of
free speech and stunned by a blow on the head.
He took refuge ina restaurant, where he was
protected by the polloe from the mob, who be-
sieged the place until a very late hour, vowing
yengeance on Mr. Lioyd-Georgs.

HOER FORCE AT DON KER’S HOEK,

Two British Soldiers Shot by Boers Near
Farmhouse Fiying a White Flag.
Specias Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,

From THE SUN's Correspondent with Gen. Roberts.

BroeMPonretry, April 10.—A strong party of
Boers has been located across the river at
Donker’s Hoek where Dickson's cavalry is
quartered. There has been considerable ship-
ing.

Two British soldiers were shot from a point
nearafarmhouse from which a white flag was
flying. It ls reported that thirty Boers were
hiding in this farmhouse, and that a man
named Richter, who holds 4 British pass, was
one ofthem. When the British searched the
place Richter’s daughter said he was not there,

NAVAL CVONTINGENT’S WELCOME,

Men Who Aided tn the Defence of Lady-
smith Greeted at Portsmouth.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

PortemovutH, Aprii 11.—The naval defenders
of Ladysmith who arrived here to-day got a
magnificent reception.

Crowds lined the shore as the cruiser Powers
ful came into the harbor.

The naval contingent Janded and paraded
through the streets, being cheered all along
the Iine by large crowds. The Right Hon.
George J. Goschen, First Lord of the Admi-
ralty, Lord George Hamiiton and Lady Hamil-
ton, and many other notables took part in the
reception.

WARNING TO CAPE REBELS,

Gen. Roberts Saya They Will Be Treated
With the Utmost Kigor Under Martial Law.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpox, April 11.—A despatch from Coles-
berg states that a proclamation has been
{ssued by (Gen. Roberts warning the Cape
rebela against further acts of hostility to the
British. In this proclamation Gen. Roberts
declares that no leniency will be shown to
offenders. On the contrary, they will be
treated with the utmost rigor under martial
law.

ALL PRISONERS TOG TO ST, HELENA,

Gen, Roberts Says Messages and Gifts Will
Be Freely Transmitted to Them,
Speciai Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Lowpon, April 11.—Despatches from Cape
Town state that the authorities have decided
to send all the Boer prisoners to St. Helena,

In a deapatch to the War Office Gen, Lord
Roberts intimates that telegrams, books, cloth-
ing and luxuries will be freely tranamitted to
the Boer prisoners.

Duke of Marlhorough On Active Service,
Special Cadle Despatch to THB SUN.
Lonpow, Apri! 11.—The Duke of Man
borough has arrived at Bloemfontein on active
service.

Unequalled Service,

New York Central bas eight trains every day
te tlenees six to Cleveland; three to St. Louts; two
to Cincinnall; two to Toronto; four to Montreal; Ove
to Detrolt; twelve to Buffalo and Niagara Falls, in-
cluding the f pose Empire State Express; sixteca
beween New Y and Albaoy and Troy.~Ade.

| LIEUL-CUL, HAYES RESIGNS, |

TWO VERSIONS OF HIS REASON FOR
LEAVING THE ARMY,

Given nae One Caase
A Difference With

Resign

A Business Offer
for His Action His |
Colonel and a Threat to Re-
ported in a Letter From the Philippines,

A pril 1 1
return to

Orders have been
the United

WASHINGTON,
issued for the
States of Lieut.-Col. Welb C Hayes of
the Thirty-firat Volunteer Infantry. Col, |
Hayes, who isa son of the lute Rutherford B,
Hayes, haa cabled his resignation to the Presi.
dent and It will bu accepted on his arrival in |
thiscountry. His action is explained atthe
War Department to be due to his intentio® of
returning to his business connections fn Ohio,
Before the war with Spain Col, Hayes was
Vice-President and Treasurer of a commercial
company in Ohio, and it is understood that he
hae not given up that offlee. Reeently the
company cabled him its desire for him to re-
turn to his work and Col, Hayes immediately
cabled his resignation on the ground thatthe
insurrection {s at an end and business matters
required his attention, He has been ordered
to proceed to Sau Francisvo and report by tele-
graph to the War Department for further
orders. He will probably get a short leave of
absence and thea be mustered @ut of the ser-
vice.

Lovisvitie, Ky, April 11.—The despatches
from Washington to-day say that Lieut.-Col,
Webb C. Hayes of the Thirty-first Volunteers
has had his honorable discharge at his own re-
quest, This action tends greatly to confirma
letter received in this city last Sunday from an
enlisted man inthe Philippines. The letter Is
dated Zambauga, Province of Mindanao, It
says in part:

“On Feb. 17 Col. Pettit in command of this
regiment took twenty-one privates une ser
meant and three corporala from Company C,
and accompanied by Assistant Adjutant-Gen-
enal Pershing and the Captain of Company ©
all heavily armed, embarked on a small
steamer. Their object was to capture one of
Aguinaldo’s officers ou asmall adjacent island,
Isabella, only a few hours’ trip from here,
When they reached the town where this officer
was stopping the Morro Dado, or Chief, came
out to meet the boat and informed Col. Pettit
that he could not land his men under arms,
but that if he would leave ail of the arms on
board ship he aud his men could come io and
view the town. This waa done.

“The town was found to be a small one, conse
taining probably 400 men and women all told.
The women, as wel) a8 men, were armed with
huge bolos and rifles. After entering the town
in their shirt sleeves the enlisted men had to
submit to having the Morrosa deliberately put
their hands into their pockets and take thelr
tobaceo. When the time for departure arrived
the chief submitted a proposition to Col. Pettit
to surrender the man they were after for $20
in gold. Col. Pettit acceptel the proposition,
leaving his prisoner in charge of the marines
en route here,

“On bis arrival here Col, Pettit had a talk
with Lieut.-Col. Hayes, and Col, Hayes told
him he was ashamed of nis conduct and blushed
forthe entire Thirty-flrat Regiment, and would
immediately have himself transferred from
such a disgraceful vutfit or resign. Col. Hayes
left here yesterday for Manila on an unliniuted
leave of absenoe, carrying his entire be-
longings, Col, Pettit has supreme cominand of
this island.”

The writer, whose name for obvious reasons
is not given, is thoroughly trustworthy

GIVES HIMSFLF UP AFTER 245 YEARS,

 

Gustavus Bates Returns to Rochester to
Plead to an Indictment for Forgery.

Rocnester, April 11.—Gustavus Hates, 55
years of age, suddenly appeared in county
court to-day and announced that he desired to
plead guilty to a charge of forgery. Twenty.
five years ago he was indicted by the Grand
Jury for forging the name of Capt, James H.
Warren, a wealthy resident of Clarkson, to two
notes, He was sentenced on one of the
charges at that time, but escaned before the
other warrant could be served on him. Fora
quarter of acentury he has been a wanderer
upon the face of the earth, and his relatives,
who are prominent people in th’s county, be-
Hleved that he was dead. Bates recently con-
ceived the idea of visiting his daughter and
sister here, but feared arrest. He finally de.
cided to give himeelf up. Judge Sutherland
to-day advised Bates to restore the money he
had obtained and then suspended sentence

Before his disappearance Bates waa one of
the prominent men, politically, in this part'of
the State, He was supposed to have plenty of
money, and he married into an excellent fam-
ily, In running away he broke his wife’a heart
and left hia young dauchter to grow up parent-
less, The daughter is now married to a well-
to-do farmer, Capt. Warren is dead, and there
is nodesire on anybody's part to prosecute
him. Bates saya that his confederate in the
forgeries was a man who has now gained
goutionl supremacy in Chicago. This man,

ates says, promised to make good the for-
geries .n case there was trouble, but ran away
when the forgeries were discovered. A criml-
nal charge, Uniess an indictment is obtained,
outlaws in five years, and this places the
Chicago man where the authorities are unable
to prosecute him, The indietment was ob-
tained Jan. 10, 1876, and when fished ont of
the District Attorney archives was found to be
yellow withage. It has the archaisma that
were formerly usel in indictments and de-
scribes how “with force and arms” Bates
forged the note and obtained $200 therefor,

WOMEN FIGHT A DUEL IN BERLIN,

Jealousy the Cause, Rapiers the Weapons
and One Contestant Wounded,
Special Cable Despaich to THR SUN,

Bentin, April 11.—The Tageblatt states that

a@ duel with rapiers has been fought by two

women, one the daughter of an Austrian officer

and the other a famous beauty who is the
daughter of a Berlin landscape painter, Jeal-
ousy was the cause

The duel resulted in one of the women being
wounded in the left hip

Indiana Horses for South Africa,

Inpranapoits, Abril 11.—Blair, Baker &
Walters, horse dealera at the Union Stock
Yards, on order from an agent of the English
Government at Kansas City, to-day bought
three varloads of horses to be used by English |
cavalrymen {in South Africa, Nenriy all the
horses are from farma in_this State, Th
price paid ranwed from 850 to $100, The
horses will be shipped from here to Kansas
City, where they will be Inapected. From that
city they will be sent to Galveston, where they
will be taken on board a ateamer. The Eng-
lish agents are buying mules in this State,

British Order for 3,000 More Mu.es,

Ex Paso, ‘Pex., April 11,-H. BP. Noake and A,
F, Dismeth of E! Paso, who have been in-
terested in the mule shipments to South
Africa for several months, have received
another contract from the British Government
for 3,000 head of Texas animals to be delivered
in New Orleans this mooth.) This firm has
furnished 7,000 mulas tothe British Govern.
mentthis winter. The mules are now being
collected in north Texas

More Canadians Reach Cape Town.

MonTREAL, Apri: 11,—-A despateh received
here this morning announces the arrival of the
steamer Monterey of the Biler- De mpster Line
at Cape Town yesterday, with the Strathcona |
Horse and the Canadian reiiefa from Halifay, |
‘The men were all well, but 14% horses died
during the trip.

Decided the Mayoralty by a Coin's Toss,

Crsecinnatt, April 11.—Squire D. J. Smith
and ©. W. Paris each polled 151 votes in their
race for the Mayoralty of Mount Healthy of
this county, They agreed to toss aAcopper and ,
abide by the result. Squire Stauvemann of |
Wyoming flung acentinto the air, Head was
up, and Paris is Mayor of the village.

| connect!

| going to retire from the Guard,
| one of Gen, MeLeer’s right-hand men, and for
| the past three years has been President of the

AN My,

WW,

RIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN

MRS, DEWEY'’S WICHITA PROPERTY,

Town Lots Said to Have Been Won by Gen,
Haaen in a Poker Game to Ba Sold,

Wrenrta, Kan,, April 11,—Mra, Dewey may
have to come to Wichita soon, or seod an at-
torney, to straighten out title to some lots

| owned by her former husband, Gen. W. B,

Hazen. The lota were won in a poker game
here in the early days by Gen. Hazen, Little
attention was paid to securing Coit
and now, when Mra. Dewey wants to selifhem,

| she has found that the title ia impatred.

In 1471 Gen. Haren was stationed here,

| Wichita was an end of the trail town and

gambling was the ruling passion. Gen, Hazen
Wasa good plaver. One night he and Dave
Bancroft, areal estate dealer, engaged in a
poker game, and, sitting behind four kings,
Hazen bluffed the real estate man {nto betting
fifty town lots, Neat day the deeds were made
out and after that Gen. Hazen dealt extensively
in Wichita property.

10 ASK DEWEY TO CINCINNATI,

Mayor Tafel Bound to Have the Admiral
Come There-Othera Indifferent.

Cincinnati, April 11,—Mayor Tafel to-day
deeidea to visit Washington within the next
fortnight to personally invite Admiral Dewey
to visit Cincinnati, A committee of citizens
met Dewey when he landed in New York and
asked him to come to Cincinnati. Dewey then
sald it would give him pleasure to come to
Cincinnati. Mayor Tatlel leaves with the de-
termination not to tike no foran answer, and

| he expresses confidence in hia ability to secure

a favorable reply from. the Admiral. He was
one of Dewey's first and stanchest admirers.

Thomas I. Egan, one of the leading members
of the Manufacturers’ Club, and one of the
founders of the National Manufacturers’ Aeso-
ciation, sald that the Jocal organization would
make no effort to_tnduce Admiral Dewey to
visit Cinefnnatt. William B. Mellish of the
Cincinnati League said no attempt would be
pade by that orgauization to get the Admiral
iere,

DEWEY ON TRUSTS,

A Formal Statement of Hie Views Expected
in a Day or Two,

The Hon, Willlam Hoge, Secretary of the
Commercial Travellers’ and Hotel Men's Antl-
Truat League, which booms the Hon. Augustus
Van Wyck/for the Democratic Presidential
nomination at all times, wrote to Admiral
George Dewey on Apri! 6asking him what he
thought about truste. Yesterday Mr. Hoge
received this reply to his letter;

“Deap Sin: Admiral Dewey desires me to
make grateful acknowledgment of your letter
of the Sth inst. It i@ probable that he will
make @ public statement in a few daya, but he
is not yet ready to do #o. J. W. Caawrorp.

“Lieutenant, U.S.N., Secretary to the Ad-
miral.”’

Cuainam, N. Y., April 11.—The Chathem
Cowrier has taken a straw vote, through ite
correspondents, of representative citizens all

over Columbia county on Admiral Dewey's
standing asa Presidential eandidate eporta
so far received give Dewey 14 ont of 387 votes,
the record being Mehiniey, 254; Bryan, 114;
Dewey, 14.

BROTHER SUES BLIND SISTER.

Says He Led Her Around to Beg and Is
Kntitled to Share of the Property,

Vice-Chancellor Pitney heard testimony in
Jersey City yesterday In a sult of Joseph Fisher
of the Town of Union to establish an Interest
{2 some property in that town which, he us-
serted, was jointly owned by him and his
siaters, Catherine and Clara. Each of the
women {is over GO years old. The property is
at Jefferson street and Palisade avenue, Town
of Union. It consista of two tuts, a small house
tn which the sisters live and a two-atory frame
building, the lower part of which fa let fora
store. The income ia barely suffictent to sup-
port the two sisters. Clara is blind and Cath-
erine nearly blind. Joseph bases his claim to
a share of the property on the ground that
when he and his sisters were young he led
Clara around while she begged alms from
house to house and at the ferries. He said
that the vroperty was purchased with the
money thua obtained and that he is entitled to
a share of it

Catherine Fisher testified that when her
father died tha support of her blind mother
and the children devolved upon her. She opb-
tained a piace as janitress of a building and did
washingandother work. The money obtained
by Clara from begging was not enough to pay
expenses, The witness sald that she bought
the property with the money she had earned
wud saved hersel!,

Vice-Chancellor Pitney dismissed the suit.

HELD FOR ROBBING A MINT,

One of the Assayers at San Francisco

Caught With Some of the Gold.

San FPrayersco, April 11.— Benjamin 0,
Bergin, an assayer in the branch United States
Mint in this city, was arrested last night
on suspicion that he i{s the man
who for montha past has been atealing
guantities of gold. Superintendent Frank
Peach has been aware for over @ year that
pal} quantities of gold were being stolen.
thie of Poliee Sullivan detailed two regular
detectives on the case and they discovered that
a man answerin ergin’s description had
sold quantities of gold in various pawnshops
south of Market street

He was arrested last night and when searched
at the city prison a package containing about
$12 worth of gold from the mint was found tn
his pocket. Bergin is about 32 years old and
pag been inthe mint for six years. He is mar-
ried.

This morning Supt. Leach appeared before
United States Commissioner Heacock and
charged Bergin with the embazziement of
250, but the sum stolen {s sald to be much
arger.

SHE’LL GIVE THOMAS

Woman Goes Around to the Police Station
to Make Trouble for a Gambling House.

Mrs. Gazell Walker of 201 Wost Ninoty-cighth
etroet called at the Weat Thirtieth street police
station last night and asked to see Capt,
Thomas. The sergeant on duty sald tnat Capt.
Thomas was not in.

“Well, Serweant,” sald Mrs. Walker, "I want
to give him some evidence againat a gamblin
house that I know existsin this precinot. I
is {in West Thirty-second street. A relative
of mine is there all the time and is equanderin,
allof his money. He has plenty, but [ wan
to keep these gamblers from getting It. [know
that it {sa gambling place, because I have sent
a number of people to make bets there. I will
furnish the evidence against it, and several
other places in this precinet, if the Captain
will only rafd them.”

Mra. Walker waited nearly an hour, and when
Capt. Thomas returned she hadalong talk with
him. Neither the Captain por Mra, Walker
would aay what was the result of their vonfer-
ence. ,

BRIG,-GEN, FROTHINGHAM TORETIRE

i VIDENCE,

Has Been Active in the National Guard for
Thirty Veara,

John 2B. Frothingham, whose

in with the National Guard of the

State has extended over a period of thirty

years, is soon to retire from his place as As-

sistant Adjutant-General on the staff of Gen,
James MeLeer, Commander of the second
Brigade in Brooklyn Gen, Frothingham got
a bad fall from his horse on bia way to the
Dewey parade, aud has pot yet recovered, It
+ at the advice of bis phys elan that he ia
° has been

Brig -Gen

Brigade Board of Examination.

| Alleged Viscount’s Nephew Tries Saicide.

Tacoma, Wash., April 11. —Advieesa by steamer
from Dawson state that W, W. Watson at-
empted suicide at Dawson by shooting on
farch 24. He waa expected to die, He is said
to bé anephew of Viscount Castlemaine and
had Leen io the British Army

Go to O'Neill's for Stylish Millinery.
The Finest Imported and Domestic Noveltics in
town Popular Prices. 6tb av, 201m to 2160 ab. ~Ady,

————

PRINTING AND P

GOVERNOR OF PUERTO RICO,

THE PRESIDENT DECIDES ON ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY ALLEN,

It Ia Thought Mr. Allen Will ¥ilela to the
Strong Personal Desire of the President
and Members of the Cabinet, Who
Believe Him Just the Man for the Place,

Washinaton, April 11,—Massachusetta wi!!!
probabiy furnish the firat Civ!! Governor of
Puerto Rico fn Charles H. Allen, now Assist.
ant Secretary of the Navy. President MeKin-
ley made up his mind to appoint Mr. Allen
Civil Governor of Puerto Rico last
when he thought it would not be necessary to
wait for legislation by Congress before doing $0,

UBLISHI

Rain to-day; clearing to-night or to-morrow,

NG ASSOCIATION.

TWINS KIDNAPPED?

Eight-Year-Old Sons of Hawthorne Hill
Missing From Their Home tn Flushing.

Two children are missing froin their home at

Flusbing and itis believed there that they have |

been kidnapped,
Hawthorne Hill,

are
Saw.

The missing children
Jr, ond Henry
yer Hill, the eight-year-old twin
of Mr. and Mrs. Hawthorne Hill,
live at 205 Sanford avenue. The little ones
were last seen by their motherat 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon, They had returned from
school and had finished thelr luncheon,
Mrs. Hill left them alone inthe dining room
She thought nothing of the fnet that

sons

| her children were not at their places at the

euimmmer, ,

and when he concluded to await the actlo: of |

Congress he simply held hia purpose tn abey-
ance. Since be jearned that Congreaa would
make provision at this session fora elvi! gov-
ernment in Puerto Rico, the President has
been saying to members of his Cabinet and
other public men that when the bill became a
law he would carry out his purpose and ap-
point Mr. Allen as the first Civil Governor.
The President has assured members of his
Cabinet that Mr. Allen will accept the appoint-
ment.

Mr. Allen was unwilling to consider the ap-
pointment favorably when it wae suggested
last fall, because he preferred his present
duties, and because of family and business
reasons, which seemed to absolutely forbid
his acceptance; but the President. believing
that Mr. Allen fe the one man he knows who
is at once eligible and available for the place.
believes that he will yield to the demands of
public duty, backed by the strong personal de-
sire of the President and the members of
the Cabinet. They all believe that Mr. Allen
{a just the man for the place andthe difficult
and delicate duties of setting up and startins
the first American civil government in Puerto
Rico. They believe that Mr. Allen has the con-
fidence of the country and that when his qp-
pointment is made there will be a general
recognition of ite fitness. Their only regret is
that they will thus lose Mr. Allen's services in
the Navy Department, where he has done such
admirable work,

Secretary Long did not realize when he left
for Colorado how near the President was to ap-
pointing Mr. Allen and wi!! be grieved when he
returns in adayortwo to find that he must
soon be separated from his “right arm.” as he
calls Mr. Allen. Mr. Allen has been the alter
ego of Secretary Loug, serving frequently as
Acting Secretary of the Navy and constantly
reliewing hia chief of heavy work, and Secre-
tary Long has repeatedly said that when he re-
tired from the Cabinet he wanted Mr. Allen to
succeed him, ae the man who would be best
for the bluce.

Mr. Allen is now in the prime of life, in full
vigor of mind and body, and fully prepared for
hia new duties. He visited Puerto Rieo when
he went to Cuba lust year, and therefore knows
something of the country and of the conditions
by pbersonal observation. He knows Gen.
Davis, the Military Governor, and will be able
to take the work of government up just where
Gen, Davis lays it down, with appreciation of
what has been done by him.

Asthe Puerto Rico act takes effecton May 1
the establishment of the new government
oughtto begin then, and, it is therefore ex-

| pected thatthe appointment of the Governor
and other officers will be mado immediately,
The principal officials provide¢ for in
the act are the Goverpor, at a salary of
$8,000, and in addition the vecupaney “of the
buildings heretofore used by the Chief Execu-
tive of Puerto Rico, with the furniture and
effects therein free of rental; the Secretary
at $4,000 each, an Attorney-General at $4,000,
a Treasurer at $5,000, an Auditor at $4,000, a
Com missioner of the Interior at $4,000, a Com-
missioner of Education at $3,000, a Chief Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court at $5,000, and two
Associate Juatices at $4.500, with a Marshal at
$3,000, a United States District Judge at
$5,000, a United States Distriot Attorney at
$4,000 and a United States District Marshal at
$3,600. The President's desire is to get first-
claas men for all these places @o that the new
Government may have the respect of this
country and of Puerto Rico from the start. His
belief is that there will be no serious trouble
withthe people of Puerto Rico after the new
Government ie well established.

ANDR!t Ws CALLED TO NEBRASKA,

Kiected Chancellor of the State University
by the Fuslonist Board.

Lincoty, Neb., April 11.—E. benjamin An-+

drews, former President of Brown University,
and now Superintendent of Schools in Chicago,
was elected this evening to the Chancellorship
of the State University of Nebraska. The
Board of Regents consists of four Fusionists
and two Republicans, and his election was by
aatrict party vote. Mr. Andrews's [chief com-
petitors haye beep President Gates of Crin-
nell and Prof. Jinks, head of the school of
political economy at Cornell. The salary has

een $5,000 a year, but It is understood that
Mr. Andrews wil! receive more than this,
enough, at least, to In part reconcile him tothe
difference between itand the $10,000 he re-
cefyes In Chicago.

Mr. Andrews has been urged for Ithe place
ever since it was apparent that the Fusioniate
would eontrol the board. Prominent Silver
men desired to have this Btate express ita
disapproval of the treatment Mr, Andrews
receivediat Prown University in 1806, because
of his espousal of the cause of Bryan. No
positive assurance haa been received that he
will accept, but a Fusioniet member of the
board saya that the step was not taken with-
out the knowlec of Mr. Andrews. The
Chancellorship has been vacant since Septem-
ber, when Chancellor MoLean resigned.

GILSEY HOUSE BED ABLAZE,

Fire Alarm Rung While Clerk and Hotel
Detective Got at the Flames—Mo Panic,

Edward Mayo, detective of the Gilaey House,
while going through the hotel at 9:45 o'clock
last night smelled smoke on the fifth floon
The smoke came from a room occupied by
Henry Johnson of Philadelphia, Johnson was
out, and the chambermaid had mislaid her
passkey, 80 Mayo, not wanting to break down
the door, climbed into the room over the fire
escape from the adjoining room,

The bed was on fire and the flames had
already extended to the carpet beneath it when
the detective entered. He ran to the tube tn
the hall and sent word about the fire to Clerk
Moore, who sounded the fire alarm on each
floor and sent in acallforthe tire department
Then Moore ran upstairs. By using chemical
extinguishers and buckets of water the fre

|

was put out before the engines arrived. A)

epark from a cigar is supposed to have caused
the blaze :

There was little excitement in the hote!, not
more than fifty guesta being in their roome at
that hour. The women went down to the par-
lor floor and were there assured that there was
no danger. Noneleftthe hotel. The damage
was about $250.

STRANGER WOUNDED AND CRAZED,

Mount Vernon Police Belleve iIfim the

Victim of Thieves,
Mount Vernon, April 11.—A well-dressed
man, about 30 years old, who the police believe

‘

is Matthew Benson or Matthew Jacobson ot |

Roek Springs, Wyoming county, was found to-

day in West Mount Vernon, where he had
heen wandering about with a deep wound in

his head, whieh had apparently affected hia |

mind. He cried piteouslyforhia wife and baby,
He was removed to the hospital, It is believed
that he isa victim of an assault and robbery.

Died of Rope Jamping.

Beiievinir, Til, April 11.—Freda Poignes,
11 years old, died here yesterday asaresult ofa
rope jumping contest, She was the ‘champion
rope jumper” of the school until her record
was broken and anew mark set at 150 jumps.
Then she jumped the rope 230 times, when she
became dizzy and soon after reaching home
became sick and died of heart affection,

|
|
|
|
|
|
!
|

|
\

table when she returned. They bad often
played about the village streets, but always re-
turned !n the afternoon,

Mr. Ril, who in oa newspaper
man, end returned from his office
in Manhattan late {n the afternoon, Mrs. Hill
hecame worrled over the absence of the twins
She sent her maid out to look for her children
Their playmates had seen nothing of them al!
the afternoon.

The Hill residence ia located directly opposite
the echool which the children attend. The

house was searched high and low, but no light |

was thrown on the mystery.
The police sent out a general alarm. At
midnight no trace of the boys had been found

BATILES AS WE SEE THEM.

Two Men Wounded While Helping to Make
a Moving Picture of Spion Kop.

Ornanar, N. J., April 11.--Two men were

badly Injured this afternoon tn West Orange at |

a reproduction of the battle of Bpilon Kop.
James H, White, general manager of the Edi-
son kinetoscope business, arranged it. The
acene was on the rocky eastern slope of the
secoud mountain near the Livingston line
About 200 men had been engaged. Half of
them in Boer costume were posted on the
crest, while the others, attired as British sol-
diers, stormed the hefghts. Through some
blunder a cannon was discharged prematurely
and Mr. White and William MeCarthy of 33
South street, Orange, were struck by the wad
and burned by the powder. They were taken
to the Orange Memorial Hospital, MeCarthy’s
injuries were found to be slight. Mr. White,
however, was badly Jacerated as well as
burned and his condition to-night is reported
as serious,

ARMY CANTEEN CHANGE,
Bishop Hurst Informs a Conference That
the President Has Taken Some Action,

Danpury, Conn, April 11.-When Bishop
Hurst in his closing address to the New York
East Conference of Methodist Episcopal
Churches to-day told the ministers present
that only a few momenta before enter-
ing the pulpit he had received information
that President McKinley had taken action
in regard to the army canteen, that proved
that the conference had not misplaved the con-
fidence imposed in the President when it re-
fused on Monday to denounce him for his at-
titude uvon that question, the conference
broke into prolonged applause. Bishop Hurst
declined to explain what action upon the part
of the President his information referred to.

EIGHT FAMILIES ROUTED BY FIKE,
Lively Blaze in a Frame Fiat House in
Williamsburg.

Eight families living in the three-story
frame flat house at 1/12 Weirfleld street,
Brooklyn, were routed out of bed at 11 o'clock
Inst nieht by a fire that started in a
stationery store on the ground = floor,
The etore is owned by Henry Genet
A pollceinan saw a tongue of flame shoot up
from the partition inthe rearofthe store. Ho
ran into the house and aroused the tenants,
Then hesentin an alarm and went back to help
the tenants out. Genetand his wile who live
on the floor above the atore got out through
the hall, as did two othe®@ families on that floor

Willlam Wright, a tenatt on the sevond floor
helped his wife out to the fire eacane and fol-
lowed her down the fron ladder, carrying his
two children,

The tenants on the top floor, four families,
found the halls filled with smoke and ran tothe
windows to escape.

When the firemen reached the scene thoy
found halfa dozen women ready to jump from
the windows. They shouted to the women to
keep cool and goto the rear windows, Then
the firemen got their ladders up and carried
the tenants down. “ae

Lieut. Louis Houk of Engine Company 152
and Fireman Collier of the same company,
reached the top floor and carried three women
down the rear fire escapes.

All the tenante got out safely and the fremeu
extinguished the flames before they guine:!
much headway. The pollee of the Ralph
avenue station sald that the fre was of in-
condiary origin.

TRAIN GOKS THROUGH A TRESTLF.

Four Men Killed—Youth Wades Through
Water Six Miles to Send the News,

BrownsvinLe, Tenn, April 11,—Farly this
morning near Canton, Miss. a freight
train on the Illinois Central Rail-
road ran into the Tilabogue Creek where
the bridge bad been washed away by the
atorm last night. Several men were pinned
under the wreckage and drowned. The dead
are Hull Boyaton, white, Mreman; head brake-
man, colored; flagman, colored; section labor-
er, colored,

Charles Lumbley, @ seventeen-year youth,
sent the news that brought the rescue part
He was on the train, but unhurt. He
waded in water six miles to the
nearest telegraph  atation ani being
an operator, broke into the atation and sent the
neopssary messages that not only brought the
reacue train, but warmed @ passenger train
approaching from the opposite direction,

BAPTIZED HER IN THE JORDAN,

American Minister Writes ofan Frperienee
in the Holy Land.

Prrny, Oklahoma, April 11.-The Rev. J. B,
Boon, an evangelist of the Christian Church
who lives in Oklahoma, !a now travelling inthe
Holy Land, He writes that on March 14 he was
driving up the valley of the River Jordan when
aman who said ha was Thomas J. hdge of
Harrisburg, Pa, asked him to baptize Mra
F.ge in the river as Christ was baptized

+vere! persons had congremate| he
of the river and ¢h preacher expressed his
willingness if he coud get a baptismal suit
J.L Corley, an Atvercan soldier wh
in the Philippines, waa in the
once offered the use of his ponety
an overeout furiished the baptis \

The party was rewed by Arabe toa suitable
‘ace and the bapticm by immersion waa per-
formed

£4,500 FOR WIFT'S ALTERCTION,

Krooger Gets ai Verdict
Charles Bb, Strang.

Ware Pratns, N. Y., April 11,.—The suit of
Otto Krooger against Charlea@R. Strang Yor
$20,000 for alienating his wife's aff:
suited to-night in a verdet of $4,500 for
Krooger Kroogerand Strang were neighbor
During Krooger’s business hours ip New York
eity Strang would take Mrs, Krooger out driv-
ing. At last Krooger objected to the attentions
paid his wife t ran She eontinued her
trivea and Krooger fnallyleft her

Otto

Robbed and Then Drowned by Negroes,

Prve Beer, Ark, April 11 — Passengers on
to-day's train from Louisiana report that at
Collinston, La., across the border from Arkan-
sas, four negroes yesterday held up and robbed
a patent medicine fakir travelling overland

\freraecuring all his valuables thoy seized
the man, boun!t him and threw
stream nearby, hold ng him down with poles
until their Vicum was dead
have been caught and are in jail at Hayville.
offers sone U@eit

“AS8A ful Bacter
1.4 costing $6 and $8 e¢ack~ cde.

iH
lore

ere in

who |

» banks |

had been |
erowd and at}
This and |

Against |

tions re- |

him inte at

pee veneer ——— |

PRICE TWO CENTS.
PUERTO RICO BILL PASSED,

| TUL HOUSL CONCURS IN THE #BENATB
{ULNDMENTS, 161 70 158,

Nine Republicans Vote With the Democrats
Three Democrats
Have Voted Yea Were Abe
With *"*Dead® Ones
Larger Than Expected,

Wasnineron, April 1l—The Puerto Rico
Tarif? bit now goeeto the President for his
fapproval, the House to-day having concurred
Wil to 1s the Senate ameudments theree
to, Including the Foraker Government DIL As
was the case upon the passage ofthe original
bill by the House, the majority in support of
the motion to econeur woe greater than had
been expected by the House leaders, They
counted on Sf majority, with a possibility that
it would be reduced to 5 or inereased to 8; bat
fh was the figure (hey had fixed upon, The rule
forthe cons. eration of the bill, whieh was fa
accordance with the terms given in Tar 8uN
to-day, was agreed to with a majority of 16,
This was a great surprise, but it was accounted
for by the fact that one of the Republicans
| who opposed the bill, Fletener of Mine
nesota, voted for the rule, and five
Democrats failed to respond on that call,
who afterward voted against coneurrence, One
Republican votre was also missed on that roll
call, Which afterward appeared in support of
i the motion to concur=that of Mr. Dahle of
Wisconsin who reached the elty while the dee
bate was in progress. Oathe adoption of the
motion, the Uepublicans lost 3 Demoeratle
voles given for the passage of the bill—those of
Davey and Robertson of Loutstana,
who Were not present but paired with “dead”
ones, and of Mr. Devries of California, who
voted against concurrence, Mr, H, ©, Smith of
Michigan. who voted for the bill on ite passage,
joined other “insurgents,” making 8 fn all,
But their vote was increased 2 because Mr,
Lane of Iowa, who was paired when the bill
passed, voted to-day against concurrence, Mr,
Sibley of Pennsylvania voted to-day, as he did
on the passage of the bill, with the Republi-+

eans

The following were paired for the occasion,
the first named in each inetanes being in favor
of the motion to coneur; Stewart of New
Jersey and Sairnon; Esch and Balleyof Texasg
Boutelle of Matne and Cochran of Missourt¢
Hull of lowa and Hay; Packer of Pennsylvania
and Polk; Barney end Allen of Missouri; Wey-
mouth and Broussard; i!)ette of Massacha-
gotta and Thayer; Hawley and Cooper of
‘Texas; Burkett and Burke of Texas; Mahon
and Otey; Lylrand and Gaston; Kerr and
Carmack; Davey of Loutstana and Crowley;
Meyerot Loulsianaand Robertson of Louisianat
Otjen and Brenner; Wachter and Small, Mr,
Btallings (Dem.) of Alabama was the only
member absent aud unpaired,

The House met this morning amfd consider
ablu excitement over the appronebing contest
ou the Puerto Rican bill. The galleries were
crowded and the atten!ance of members
was greuter than at any time singe the original
passage of the bill,

The journal of yesterday's proceedings have
ing been read, Mr. Dalzell (Rep., Pa.) pree
sented the resolution from the Committee on
Rules to govern the consideration of the bill.
It provided that the Committee of the Whole
be discharged from further consideration of
the bill and thas it can be considered by the
House until 5 o'clock this afternoon, when #
vote is to Le taken on the motion to concur in
the Senate amendments, It also gives all meme
bers leave to print remarks on the bill for tea
days. Explaining the resolution, Mr, Dale
zell reviewed tho history of the — proceed.
ings upon the bill in the House and fn Beoate,
which seut back the bill with @ provision ate
tached for a civil government for the island,
Tho majority of the House believed that thes
matters had been sufficiently discussed, an
that what the public interests demanded was
action, nottalk. The purpose of the rule was
to secure @ vote on coucurring in the Senate
amendments, 7

Mr. Richardson (Dem., Tenn,), leader of the
minority, said thatthe Senate had added the
{niqnity of an imperialistle form of governe
ment for Puerto Rico, (Applause) It bad not
been the original purpose of thg Republisaga
party to enact that legisiation; and he said he
supposed that the change of policy of that part)
rogar‘ing the question of free trade wit
Puerto Rico was acknowledged on all hands,
lie would ask the Republicans to declare the
reason forthese changes, Referring to the ree
ported action of Judge Maxoon, law clerk |
the Division of Insular Affairs inthe War De-
partment, in furnishing Secretary Root wit
ao opinion that the Constitution was extende
over Puerto Rico Mr. Richardson said upon the
strength of that op{nton @ proclamation had
Leen prepared declaring free trade with Puerto
Kico and sent tothe President's summer home
for his signature, butit had not been signed,
The House had asked for a copy of that
opinton, but the Secretary of War had failed to
respol d, And tou personal request by the
speaker for the opinion had paid no attention
Aveording to a paper which published part of
that opinion, Mr. Richardson said, Mr. Magoon
had written another opinion that the Constitue
tion did not ex proprio vigore extend over tha
{sland. He read from the first opinion, and ite
aseertion that the Constitation did go to
Puerto Rico was received with applause by the
Democrats,

Mr, De 4rmond (Dem., Mo.) vlosed the debate
forthe Democrats on the rule, saying that the
presentation of the rule indieated that it was
Jeemed wecessary by that portion of tha Nee
publicana determined to crush independence
in theirranks. He warned the party that they
coud not always suppress conselence and judge
iene Applause

Gen. Grosvenor Rep. Ohio), 9 member of the
Committee oo Kulea, followed in support.ot the
resolution, making aspeech that stirred both
sides of the House with radically different
emotions. It Waa a great satisfaction to him,
he said, to witness the anxiety exhibited by
the Demoerats on the floor, other persons oute
side, and a Muagwumt press, that the Republic
can party shall not destroy itself. In all his

wrienee of sixteen years in the Honse he
‘ro known the Democratic party 60 s#or-
rowlully Zesaious that the ean party
should do itself bhura. The Demoerate had
ransacked every telegraph office in the land to
summon absent members here, and for what
purpose? “To prevent the Republican party
from) bringing Upon fteelf the anger and cone
tempt of ap oucraged majority.” (Applause and
laughter.!

Ashe went on Grosvenor grew more and
more severe and eanste n the Democrats
aod their leaders, his political ussociates ape
plauding him aus he went on and the Demo.
eras interrus ntly with outbursts of

" » Speaker Henderson
in ‘igorous manner, at

ats iaughed, ‘The Speaker
| protect both sides and
the support o

with an em.

Grosvenor said

Was 4 pro-
he said the
Itien! mouftter,

action of the

“” d that oppoe
vet of party loyalty

houtod: “We are
wed by an oustDpuret

nored the Demoe
te and voted fcr
that kind of mea
» ready to excue®
furning thy

h, Mr. Grosvenor
o his teeth the
the inflaence
the gentiemaa
ith passion in his
hypoerite ewerye

le erring tothe
put in inember

n consideration

miien fund, Mr

ihe beheved

! b Hevea that
This charge aroused
| Grosvenor’s further
wth TRASING OX

‘ it he asked,
eho troduced @

th Lverags

Against Concurrence
Vio Would
Patred

sent, but

Majority

Messrs

 

whe

if, Why didn't you
rt helleve [et It
« the line
h hearia
ibliean isa

Twoofthenevroes |

sel with a brie

bereen !

of the Demoerratiec majority upon th
amendments to the Wilsva Tarif

bi,

é