'$ and

BON,

o

GU aa

2 =

RT,

Pr st

e His
e.

street,
hbor's
found
got in
cing to
e found
so that
Dutside,
n, but,
of tha
r with
hich is
pom in
bed! for
inthe
dy had
eman
about
Wwakene
same
roo
in the

’

Dw that

nto the
’

it
out ©

wn and
in a
on the
Was &
haAnnon
on the
of the
well, @&
ms on
to get
ad the
to the
le the
not, to
ere he
137, no
that he
house,
s hel

LATE

Had
red.

Teresa
of 151

womaa
Dp sie
e bac

aftere
t, sent
) tothe
for her
nd the
s Her
that is
ra old,
e wine

veone
28 big
ly com-
ce has
do prace
d intri-
ial ad-
execu
devele
l have
i busie

et,
—

icted.
INGS.
SLs,

effective
id St

 

FUNNEL DRAWS IDLE MEN,

KUSH HERE IN VAIN
oF GHEITING WORK,

Many of Them Already in Want and De-
pendent Epon Charity Unfortunate Ke-
ault of Panceerated Reporte as to the

Kapil Transit Would Furnish.

The put ‘ion of #0 much about rapid
ous the tine ofthe formal breaking of
rework on the subway, together with

 

prRare rns
nore

Work

 

5 ee tstatements asto the number of
ees wou t be required on construction,
se fortunate fruit, and the city is
now ewarm ng with strangers looking
a bs This fact has made
veal? unpeasantly evident to the way-
ear i votown e@treata at night, where
pen who show early by their appearance
that ther are not the ordinary city beggars
have teen asking alms. At the elty lodging
house, t nd at the offices of organized
charities the 1 imber of nameless men who
have reven!'Y ODD (ed for help is larger than at
any * time in late yenre, Many of
these persons tell of having come here in the
belief that ‘ha building of the tunnel waa
going to provide paying work for them at once

aod keep therm busy for the next three or four

ear®
"net ria like this even found their way into

furope, aod two months ago President Orr of
the Kapit Transit Board, Comptroller Coler
and cihers, learning that it wae likely to lead
iaual {mmigration of workmen from

to an ul

Jtaly. asked to have it announced that the
paveontractors would be bound by all
te sys relating to the employment
of om n publi@ works and warned
wou om grants against coming here de-

pending upon getting work on the tunnel.
Whetl this warning Was given in time to
war evil feared will only be known
ater when the bulk of the spring Immigra-
but numerous arrivals within the

two would seam to indicate that
eother unusual incentive is brings
' yen to this port this season,
thousands who erowded about at the

vote

iv r

rested a riot in their eagerness to get
howved that there were already enough

 

b open for some time, and vet there are evi-
«shat more ara coming in daily looking
‘oy work at tunnel dixging. A large number
these are seantily provided with money and

 

x of work in Bleecker street and al- |

ee

n townto fll all the piaces likely to |

withou! friends and are sure to havea hard |

time of it

‘Three week@ ago on Sunday the city lodg-
ree with [te 520 beds had so many ap-

picants that many had to be sent to the shel-

ter at the f Fast Twenty-sixth etreet

ing

foot of
There Were more on that uight than the lodg-
tug house had been called upon to care for

a! the coldest nights of the winter,
and the number remains large every night
Many of these men said they came from
towne up the State or from Massachu-
serie andl) Connecticut, and numbers of
th had newspaper clippings about Rapid

Teansit tunnel work, which they aaid had in-

ducet them to_come here. At the Charities
Organization office applications for relief, in-
steadof falling off as spring advanced, began
to grow early in Mareh, and there were 5u

mee ent. more of them that month than in
ruare

\sa matter of fact, the work of building the
tunne while it may require 10,000 Jaborers

when fully under way, ig not a jobof abnormal
gir for this city, and although there may
be need later in the year for some men
from outaide, it will be well for sueh
to walt until then before they come
swarming here on chanee and with no
resources for waitin The new road is to
os $45,000,000, Half of this may be epent

for jabor, spread out over three years. In this
eity the spending of such sume does not call
of pecessity forthe importation of labor. The
work dope on the Third avenue and Metropoli-
fan systems last year was of as great magni-
tude, and employed as many men or more, yet
workmen already residing in the city were
found to do it all.

 

The Transit Commissioners will aive a pub-
lie hearing to-morrow afternoon to property
ovnerson Broadway above Sherman Square
wooare afrajd the construction ofthe sub-
wey will result {nthe destruction of the trees

an | grass along the Boulevard parkway. Con-
tractor Jobn B, MeDonald is bound by the
terma of his agreament with the city to reatore
all roads, crosspaths, grass plota, shrubbery
and other plants that may he damaged by hia
work and to set out anew. thrifty tree, not less
than fifteen feet high and three and one-half
Incnes in diameter, for every tree removed or
destroyed,

‘BY YORKER CAUGHT BY FILIPINOS,

Young Sexton Supposed to Have Been Cap-
tured While Bathing.

Niehae! C. Sexton of 138 East Twenty-elghth
Prreet has just recelved news from the Philip-
Pines that hie son, Edward F, Sexton, who was
amenmberof the hospital corps attached to
Geo. Schwan’s brigade in Luzon, has fallen
{ntothe hands of the enemy there or perhaps
beenkxied The news came in a letter dated
Banta Cruz, Laguna’ Province, March 7,
Written by Sur@eon Major I’rancis A, Winter of
the Thirty-seventh United States Volunteer
Infantry, who is in commana of the dauta
Cruz hospital, Major Winter says:

Thare the honor to inform you that FE. F. Seaton,
Private Hospital Corps, U.S. A., disappeared from

 

Sor vicnity of this place on the afternoon of Feb. 22,
dy) When last seen by some fellow soldiers he
Wason his way to the river to take a bath, in eom

pany with another soldter Bota were armed with

Perolvers The presumption is that the two men
Wentinto the river, leaving their clothes and arms on
theriver bank While in this position they were pre
Sumabdiy captured by armed insurgents who Infest
theuntrs Tbisis the more probable history of
the sappearance, and they are now in the hands
ef Filip t rectionists. Imay say for your in

forma se people are not subjecting Amer
ery great hardships al present, and
the two men will ultimately be re

ir command

  
   

 

t)

)oung Sexton was well aware of the dangers

ofth we partof the country, and the character
ofthe a y that was lurking at every hiding
pace, Ine Sus of March 18 was printeda

‘ ni him, wriiten on Feb. 7, in which he
Geseriped a spirited Aght with the Filipinos,

CITIZENSHIP PAPERS FORGED,

Crime Said to Have Been Done to Get an
lialian a Job on the Tuunel,

Touis Perry, an Itallan, of 2127 Bergen street,
Brooklyn, was before Magistrate Worth in the
fates avenue police court yesterday charged
With having sold forged naturalization papers
‘o Salvatore Clerco of 1U8 Stone avenue, East
New York, Perry was formerly Italian inter-
Treter in the Supreme Court in Brouklyn, and
“ereo says he paid $12 in order to obtain citi-
Gushiv, Clereoappiied in the County Court
Sloe time ago for citizenship, but as he coud
D swerthe questions put tohim in rela-

 

 

/ to the government ofthe country his ap-
Dileat ion he

 

was denied. Two weeks ago
Wanted ‘osecure work on the new tunnel in
’nhattan and was told that he could not get

Pmplormont

nlos unless he was a citizen. After
ourng the papers, Ciereo boasted of bia citi-

eiship to several of his fellow countrymen.
‘lt inaly led to an investigation and the
Arres Perry on Tuesday night. The

Paper. tr

 

pe eged, had originally been made
y, ! Hernado of 248 Atlantic avenue on
March 4. JSS. An e@rasure of the name was
: Wehaeld and that of Clerco substituted,
! ers had the official seal of the court,
*gnature of County Clerk Peter P,
merce’ Was forged on them, Perry was held
"8.00 ball for further examination.

 
    

‘OMPL4AIND PROW CALEF CROKER,
Fire ¥

Department Dangerously Short of

 

 

Utcers Eligible List Changes.

r, + *' Croker sald yesterday that the
“e Departinent is dangerously undermanned
Wing toa shortage of oNlcers

The ‘burtment is in @ bad way for as-
Bstane en,’ sad the Chief. “Here's
aa , pany 72 in East Twelfth street,
a best engines and equipments
sears tment, and We cannot put it in
har we hove no officers. Every

ert

m one to three officers
. tar ed the establishment of
< ‘ sections of the eity where
ed. The eligible list for

 

‘ = foes

 

' Bhs en published now three weeks,
ih ya there is achange made in
the . ‘oondidates are shifted about on
array ‘iodidute, who was not on the
toy. Tyg’ Levu rerated to pat him on the
Slay ino: < « with eiigible lists and
the Fira indidates must be stopped or
bility w ir'ment will place the responsi-
oa irs '
belongs
Fre .
len! Takes Beatrice Young Away.
An
" eel woman, expensively dressed,
oe » Hospital last nightand asked
sia houng, the English girl who
Home SPS tothe hospital from the St, Dents
*hamony ‘oy suffering from too much
ther att fhe two women kissed each
Miss \ ‘ey ond then the eider woman told
Wey Mie yn she had come to take her

ig laft the hospital with her

plevend, "a ised to give her name,

RORBED MORE THAN TWENTY HOUSES

The Bogus Sash Weight and Weather Strip
Man Caught in Brooklyn.

A we!!-dressed young man went into Friel's
pawnshop, at Myrtle avenue near Throop,
Brooklyn, on Tuesday evening and asked fora
loan of $4 on a woman's gold watch. Tho
pawnbroker became suspicious and detained
the man untill Detectives Grosel and Thomr-

 

 

 

 

son could be summoned from the Vernon ave- |

nue police station. They questioned bim and
he wave evasive repiles and tried to leave. He
was taken to the police station, where the de-
tectives found in his possession forty-seven
pawn tickets and a quantity of jewelry, which
had been stolen from Mrs. Annie Karben-
steinerof 03 Vernon avenue and Mre, Josephine
Aldricks of 71) Monroe street, The pris-
oner gave his name as Henry Alheimer
He lives with his parents at Harmon street and
Onderdonk avenue, In his room, detectives
found enough jewelry, wearing apparel and
other things to stock a store. All this property
was taken to the police station and sorted
Meanwhile the detectives discovered. that
Alheimer answered the description of the
thief who, under the pretence of fixing sash
weights and weather strips, had gained en-
trance to more than fifty private dwellings and
fints since the beginning of the vear, and stolen
el kinds of goods. Word was sent to all the
persons who had reported such robberies, and
within twelve hours more than twenty of them
had called at the police station and fientitied
their property. When Alheimer was taken be-
fore Magistrate Kramer on the complaint of
Mra. Aldricks he admitted hie guilt and was
remanded.

Alheimer’s mother turned over to the police
two rings which he had given her. After the
“young man had been sent to jail his father
vailed on Capt. Velsor and left with him a small
gold ring set with a ruby and an emerald, which
Alheimer had given to agirl living near his
home. It was the property of Mra. Charles
Sammons of 71 Truxton street.

ere

SING BIN@ FUR DEAN SWINDLEBR.

Kellogg Gets Seven and One-Half Years
and Goslin Helped Him to It.

James b, Kellogg, the backer of the Dean
clique of discretionary pool ewindlers, was
sentenced by Recorder Goff yesterday to a
term ofseven years and six monthsin Sing
Sing. His counsel, Vernon M. Davis, gota stay
from Justice Fitzgerald and an order upon the
District Attorney to show cause why a certif-
wate of reasonable doubt should not issue.
The order is returnable April 17.

W.M. K. Olcott, who acted as Special Dis-
trict Attorney in the prosecution of Kelloga,
was asked what he intended todo regarding

the prosecution of Myron Bernard, the “'Presi-
dent,” and Samuel Keller, # member of the
Dean “Corporation.” Keller turned State's
evidence, but bornard testified for Kellogg.
“Lwae retained to prosecute Kellogg only,”
eal Mr’ Olcotr, ‘and ] have not yet consulted
with Col, Gardiner about the others. I ready
don’t want the retainer, and [think the prose-
eution of the others can go on without

me. Kellogg was first arraigned ona charge
of eonsplracy, and if he had pleaded
coy eould have got off with a year’s
mprisonment. He fought the case for

two yeara and during that time evidence of
grand lareeny developed. The case dragged
along 80 that it came within four days of the
limit set by the atatute of limitations in miade-
mneanor cases, I pleaded with the Police
Magistrate to hurry matters and aa a result
we got Kellogw indicted for grand larceny, a
felony with & maximum imprisonment of ten
years. Atthe beginning I did not expect to
convict Kellogg, but Alfred R. Goalin came tome
and voluntarily gave evidence that led to the
indictments, Contrary to a general impres-

| Bion he was not connected with the Dean Cor-

poration, but only with the Dean Company
Another mistake is the impression that Gos}in
was indfeted with the others who actually
were in the Dean clique.”

 

HAD STOLEN BEER STAMPS,

Brooklyn Bartender Arrested at the Astor
House With 810,000 Worth,

Some months ago two large nackages of beer
revenue stamps valued at $10,000 were lost in
transit between the Treasury Department at
Washington and the post offices at Washington
und at Chicago. The matter was not made
public, but the Secret Service officers through-
outthe country were notified and ordered to
be on the look out for the stamps.

A few weeks ago Internal Revenues Agent
Frank G, Thompson of this district got infor-
mation that led him to believe that part at
least of the revenue stamps were ovee in

Brooklyn and the saloon of P. MeCauley at the
corner of Jay and Willoughby streets was cares
fully watched,

Yesterday Agent Thompson learned that an
attempt was to be made to dispose of the
stamps. Thomas Blaney, a bartender at Me-
Cauley'a saloon, left the place shortly after
noon and came over to the Astor House. He
was followed by Deputy Collector Moore of
Brooklyn aud Assistant Treasury Agents Long
and Taylor. Blaney had a package under his
armand it was apparent that he expected to
meet somebody, The somebody didn't appear,
however, and after Blaney had begun toshow
signs of uneasiness he was arrested, The
package he carried contained about $10,000
worth of beer stamps, and 44 their possessor
refused to explain how he came by them he was
arraigned before Commissioner Shields and
heldSiin $5,000 for examination on Friday,
Agent Thompson said that there are others
under surveillance.

HOW MINISTERS SHOULD SPEAK.

An Expeit Opinion Expressed at the Con-
vention of Elocutionists.

The convention of the New York Stata Asso-
ciation of Elocutioniatsa, which began its ses-
sions on Tuesday in the Chapter room of Car-
negic Hall, closed last night withan evening
session at which some of the silver-tongued
members gave recitations for the entertain-
ment oftheir fellows, There was no criticism
invited after these as was done at the other
BessIONS,

Oue of the interesting addresses of the day
wus by J. Po Siivernad on “The Elocution of
the Pulpit.” Mr. Silvernail, who is elocutionary
{natructor in the Theological. Seminary at
Kochester, said ministers shouldavoidtall man-
nerisms and should “talk as folks talk.’ This,
he said, presupposed a course of training and
the real mastery of the art of eloeution, which
was to be natural in public,

‘The way to teach a minister to speak as I
have found,” said Mr. Silvernail, “isto teach
him not to speak-teach him to talk, Christ's
elocution was conversational, and a minister
should have a sit-down tone in a stand-up po-
sition. The minister should use the chest tones
which are the heart tones, and not the head
tones in delivering hia message as the Great
Tragedian must have done. To sum up this
work we must get ministers to talk as folks talk
and to remember when folks talk on such
themes they nse heart tones.”

Mr. Stivernatl gave « recital of the twenty.
third Psalm as fe thought a minister should
give it, It was very impressive,

CONTINUE WATER INQUIRY.

 

Tv

 

Despite Money Cost, Merchants’ Asenciution
Will Comply With Governor's Request.

At a meeting of the directors of the Mer-
ehants’ Association yesterday Proasident Will-
am T. King made a statement regarding the
association’a work touching Kamapo water
legislation and the investigation of the whole
city water supply problem. Mr. hing said that
the work bad cost the association $18,305.06,
and that subscriptions toward it amounting to
$5,400 had been received, leaving a deficit of
Sy, 205.06

Following thia announcement the directora
yoted to eomply with Gov, Roovevelt's request
that the association continue the work tn order
that ita resuits may be placed at the service of,
and that the association may cooperate with
the Charter Kevision Commission, to be ap:
pointed by him, as ay basis for the future
revision of the laws governing this city’s water

supply. asitaiipaiads

MORE ALLEGED POLICY MEN NABBED

On Warrants Issued for ‘John Doe’ to an
Agent of Capt. Goddard's Society,

Four more alleged policy shop proprietors
were held in the EKasex Market police court
yesterday for examination on complaint of
agents of the society recently organized by

Capt. F. Norton God ‘ar! to suppress poicy
pluyiog in New York, The prisoners Were
Charles Wendel of ¢4 Forsyth street, John

Smith of Lo} East Houston atreet, James Ken- |

) naof 300 Madison streetand John Donnelly of

| 44 Montgomery street

The men were arrested
on warrants obtained by Edward J. Reardon,
superintendent of the society, for “John Doe,’
and the policemen who served them dida't
kuow where the arrests were to be made till
the agents took them to the shops Four ar-
rests were made tn the same way last weak.

Express Driver Held for a Jewel Robbery.

Jacob J. Evans of 381 South Third street,
Brooklyn, a driver formerly employed by the
Adams Expreas Company, was arrested vester-
day by J. W. Rogers of the Pinkerton Detective
Agency. on a charge of grand larceny, and in
the Centre street po.ice court Was held for trial
It is charged that while Evans was in the em-
nloy of the express company last Decem ber he
Secamped with a parcel containing $2,000
worth of jewels,

SHOUTING TO MUSIC.

JEALOUS SALKAMAN MURDERS
GIRL AND KILLS HIMSELP,

nis

 

Winds Up a Mauatc Box and Listens to a
Tune Between Shots -Terrified Boy anid
Girl Look On-—"'T Wouldn’t Harm Yoo,
Dear Children,” Marderer Tells Them,

 

Frederick Shore, a salesman, who lived at 155 |

Chrystie street, shot and killed his sweetheart,
Fannie Greenbaum, yesterday afternoon, in the
Apartmenta of Isaac Goldstein in the tenement
at 409 Sixth ostraet, where she was employed
as a servant ‘Then, after winding up a muasle
box and listening to a tune, Shore ahot himself
in the head = He was taken to Bellevue Hospital
and died there of his wound Goldstein's
young niece and nephew, Hannah and Jacob
Samuel, who were visiting him, were terrified
witnesses of the shooting, The Greenbaum
woman, who was 20 years old, had been employed
by the Goldatein family for the last six months.
Shore frequently visited her The Goldsteins
gay thaton account of his agreeable manners
they made him welcome He called yeater-
day about 12:30 o'clock, and in the presence of
Goldstein and his wife and the two children began
to upbraid the girl for having gone to the theatre
the night before with another man.

“If I did,” said the girl, “it's none of your bua
neaa.”

Shore laughed and pulling out a two-dollar
bill handed it @ the Goldsteins. “Here, go out
and have a good time,” he said to them. They

told the police afterward that they refused to
accept the money but wentout later. Shore called
the Greenbaum girl into the parlor and continued
his quarrel with her. After a few minutes’ wrang-
ling he drew a revolver (rom his pocket and began
to shoot at her. A bullet entered ber left breast,
another struck herin the neck and athird hit
her in the right shoulder. She was dead when
the police arrived

The Samuel children had seen the shootin
from the kitchen They were (too frightened
to make an outery and when Shore, with the
smoking revolver, walked into the kitehen the lit
Ue girl screamed. “Please, mister, don't shoot us,
We never did you any barm. Please don't kill
us.

“lL wont harm vou, my dear little children,”
said Shorea. “Don't be seared

He pointed the revolver to bis head and puiled
the trigger, but all the cartridires in the weapon
had been discharged and there was no report
He put the revolver back in his pocket and walked
calmly inte the parlor, wound up an old-fashioned
music box and while it was playing removed
the empty cartridge shells from the revolver, put
in new ones and then fired a bullet into his fore-
head. When the Goldsteins and a crowd of
eteited tenants, whe had heard the shots, rushed
into the room the musie box was etll playing,
Shore lay on the floor with a hole in his temple,
and the two children, too frightened to speak,
sat on a couch with thelr arms clasped around
each other

Policeman Sahm waa called in and sent Shore
to Bellevue The physicians there saw that he
¢ uld not live twenty-four hours, He died in the
hospital atSoclock last night. This letter was
found in his pocket

“Lam sorry for the trouble T am going to make,
but I bad to do this. | hope some kind frend
will see that | am decently buried

MILLER TRIAL HALTS,

Juror the Cause—Motion to Dismiss
the Indletment.

Judge Hurd in the County Court in Brooklyn
yesterday adjourned the trial of William F,
Miller of the Franklin Syndicate until next
Monday, because William F. Hollwede!, one of
the jurors, had sent word that he was confined
to his ted with rheumatiam. Mr. House, coun-
se! for Miller, moved to dismiss the indictment,
Ha contended that the testimony had not

roven that Miller had used Mra. Moes

1,000 for purposes other than he had agreed
with her

“Mrs, Moeser,” he said,
honesty of Miller, depositer OO with him
and received in return a vertificate in which
there was 4 ClAline stating that the money
would be returned to her after one waek's no-
tice had been given. There is no evidenee to
prove that if Mra. Moeser had made a demand

or the return of ber money itwould not have
been given to her at the expiration of the time
limit.” :

District Attorney Clarke. in opposing the moe
tion to dismiss, said that anv person who se-
cured money from another by trick, artifice or
device was guilty of larceny. He said he had

vroved that Miller had secured the $1,000 from

rs, Moeser by representing himself to be a
banker, Judge. Hurd said he would announce
his decision on Monday

Bick

 

“trusting to the

  

MESSENGER 1534 SAILS,
He Carries the Philadelphia Schoolboys’
Greeting to President Kruger.

James Francis Smith, otherwise messenger
1534 of the Amertean District Telegraph Com-
pany, sailed for Southampton yesterday morn-
ing aboard the American liner St. Louie, with
A message of sympathy from 28,845 school-
boys of Philadelphia to President Kroger of
the Transvaal Republic. More than 100 Phila-
delphia bovs anda lotof uniformed messengers

‘

accompanied Smith tothe Ame n Line pier
and cheered hinias he got aboard the ateam-
ship. As the St. Louis drew out of her slip
the boya on the pier waved American and
Boer flags, Smith stood on the promenade
deck, forward, with his hat off, flourishing a
@mali American flag His) stateroom. was
filed with flowers from sympathizers with the
Boer cause,

Afterthe ship had sailed, the Philadelphia
youngsters visited the Stock Exchange and
made 60 much nolse in the visitor's gallery
that the attendants vut them out,

 

 

REVOLUTIONARY AGENT AWAY,

Accumulate at the Office of
Dr, A. Diaz Guerra,

Cablegrams

Dr. A. Diaz Guerra, representative here of
the revolutioniatsin Colombia, has not been
at his offive 1!) Whitehall street since Saturday.

Pifteen telegrams aod cablegrams, some be.
lieved to contain important news of the revoe
lution in Colombia, are at his office awaiting
him, His Secretary sail vesterday that Dr
Guerra had leftthe office without leaving avy
word that he would be gone for several days
The young man fearing that an accident had
befalien Dr, Guerra, or as he aid, perhaps
that the Colombian Governinent agents here
had kidnapped him, went to his home in
Brooklyu Tuesday to ingutre asto his where.
abouts put iearned that be had not left word
where he was going, There is some talk of a
fllibustering expedition for the assistance of
the revolutionists

 

Vale's Debaters Against Princeton,

New Haves, Conn, April 11.—Yale’s dee
baters have selected the affirmative of the
question, “Resolved, That the Senate Should
hatify the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty as Ree
ported,” for the Yale-Princeton debate at
Princeton next month, The Yale debaters for
the annual denate were to-day announced as
follows; Yale~Mason Trowbridge, Chicago;
Fred Ballow. Leadville, Col.; ©. W, Merriam,
Springfield, Mass.: Frank Lord, Moorehead,
Minw,; R. H. Ewel!, Washington; W. 8, Coffin,
New York city,

 

Almost Thrown Under an Flevated Train,

Frederick C. Barber, anewspaper man, living
at 20 Morningside avenne, hadarow on a Sixth
avenue elevated train early yesterday morning
with J. T. Russell, a law student, of 306 Weat
115th street, who insiated on sitting with his
feet on Barber's Jay When they left (he train
at Jltch street Russell grabbed Barber and
almost sueceeded in throwing him under the
departing cars. The train was stopped and the
passengers held Roesel until & powlcenmah Ape
neared.  Liussell was held for trial in Special
Sessiona

Staten Island Woman Missing.

The lusband of Mrs, Rose Powers of 16
Nautilus street, Rosebank, Staten Island,
called at Polico Headquarters yesterday and
paid that she had disappeared from her home
and could not be four He said that when
she was last seen on March 2L she had about
$400 in her possession, Mra, Powers, he said,
was 24 years o14, 5 feet 2 inches in height and
weighed about 125 pounds Under her left
eye he sui! there is asenr and on her nose
Asma wart

 

 

  

 

i littiaiisataiatititeadncenaiiianinumians

|
|
|

|

to read to sea level. at SA. AD, a0

THE SUN, THURSDAY, APRIL 12, 1900.

ee

FRANCHISK TAX HHARINGS,

Brooklyn Union and Flatbush and Jamaica
Companies Object to Valuations,

Avpany, April ll.-The State Board of Tax
Commissioners to-day continued the hearing
to representatives of New York corporations
whose special franchise valuations as fixed are
objected to,

For the Brooklyn Union Gas Company Mr,
W. N. Dykeman appeared co ask a reduction in
4 valuation fixed upon it of $0,500,000, Ha
argued that ite franchises should not be worth
more than the right of way across private
property. He said that the value of the
company's property was $4,086,000, but the
Assessment should show a reduction to 70 per
cent, of that amount, based on the valuation of

Brooklyn property, He contended that the val-
uation of franchiaes ahould not be determined
by the amount of the gross earnings of &
company,

_Mr, Dykeman also represented the Jamaica
Gas Company, the Flatbush Gas Company, the
Newtown Gas Company, the Woodhaven Gas
Light Company and the Kiehmond Hill Gas
Company, No objection was made to the as-
Sessinenta on the Newtown, Woodhaven or
Richmond Hill eompunies, which are $262,100,
$40,500 and $41,000 respectively, but there
Was objection tothe assessment of $87,000 on
the Jamaica company and $324,500 on the
Flatbush company he assessment of $3,000

 

per mile on the Jamaica company and $2,000 |

per mile on the Flatbush company he con.
tended was inequitable and unjust compared
with the valuations fixed upon the other three
com panies, which were assessed at the rate of
about $500 per mile.
similarly situated and the heavy assesamenta
on the Jamaica and Flatbush companies ehould
be reduced.

The attorney for the Consolidated Gas Com-
pany, who wae unable to be present to-day,
will be heard on Tuesday next, when the laat
of the arguments for New York city companies
Will be revelved and hearings will be started
on the tentative valuations placed by the State
Board on the franchises of corporations in

uvurn

Hearings on Thirty-day Bills.

Avmany, April 11.--Gov. Hoosevelt has
arranged fora hearing April 17,at3 P.M, on
Senator Mackey's bill amending section 3,37!
ofthe Code of Civil Procedure so aa to give
courts powertouse their discretion in fixing
costae in actions relative to condemning right of
way for telegraph and telephone poles ant
Wires, where the owner has been awarded $50
damages and pe ceedings have been stayed, if
the poles aud wires were ereoted three years
prior to beginning said actions,

On April 17 at noon, Gov, Roosevelt will give
& hearing on Senator Ford's bill to make it a
misdemeanor for any person other than a city
Inarshal to serve precepts and warrants of the
New York city municipal courts in summary
proceedings. On the same day he will give @
hearing on the Goodsell Automobile Stage bill.

Hearing on the Trading Stamp Bill.

Atpany, April 11.—Gov. Roosevelt gave a
hearing to-day on the O'Connell bill prohibit
ing the use of trading stamps. Laree delega-
tions of merchants, representing various cities
of the State, appeared for and against the bill,
The bill was advocated by Attorney Fink of
Utien on behalfof the Merchants’ Association
of that and other cities, and was oppused by
Attorney LeBoeuf ot Albany and Assemblyman
Fish of Madison county. Brieta on the consti-
tutionality of the measure will be submitted
by the counsel for and against it.

Two Big Claims Against the State,

Arpany, N. Y., April 11.—A claim against the
State for $25,000 was flied by Susan J, Deltry
of Ilion, Herkimer county, with the Court of
Claims to-day. The claimant alleges that in
the recent work of improvement on the Frie
Canal the grade of the street in front of a row
of bulidings she owns waa raised, thus greatiy
damaging the property

(nother big claim was filed with the Court of
Claims by Maude R. Chase of Syracuse, for
$20,000 for personal injuries sustained in
November, IS0®, in a fail on the Salina street
canal bridge in that city,

Claims Against the State for Raliroad
Taxes,

ALBANY, April 11.—Claims against the State
for railroad taxes paid by counties from 1XU0
to 18), and which can
counties undera recent law, were filad to-day
with the Court of Claima by Chautauqua
county for $46,744 and Orange county for
$10,808,

Biils Signed by the Governor,

ArpaNy, April 11.—Gov. Roosevelt to-day
signed the following bills:

Mr. Allds's, placing the management and control of
the Liastern New York RKeformatory in te hands of
the Superintendent State Prisons and making an
apr ‘

     
 
 

ng Sing Sing to issue.
ess on the credito! the

ert

Mr. Cooley's, hanwe the name of the West Chea
ter Firemen s Assou Lot New York cits

Mr. Kelsey's, avthorizing the Land Hoard to ex
change certain parcels of land with the Western New
York and Pennsylvania Railway Compan,

Mr. Fallows's, ixiug the salaries of contidential

  

 
  

clerks tothe J Penne the Supreme Courtin the See
ond Judiclal net, Wings county, at $2,000 per
annuum,

Mr. Konipp's, appropriating $46,000 for the New
York Stuie Reformatory at Fimira

 

euAt tavalan’s, amending the Liquor Vas law
naking more stringent the penalties preseribed for
evasions of the law

Senator Higgins’s, appropriating $59.000 for the
paymentoferpenses ieurred in the prosecution of
the violators of the Election law inthe Metropolitan
flectlon district, the investigation of Distriet Attorney
Gardiner tee tn New York etty, and the salary
and expe of the Deputy Attorney General for the
fuvestgation of the alleged elreulation of false
runiors against the Brooklyn Hapld Transit Com
pan

 

  
    
 

  

   

» Senate Finance Comm|ttee’s btll, appropriating
$1,000,000 for butldings, repairs and improvements
@t the State hospitais for the insane

Funeral of George Huntington Adams,

The funeral services for George Huntington
Adame, who died on Siuday in the Flower Hos.
pital uf apoplexy, were held yesterday morning
at St. Mark's Church, Tenth street and Second

avenue. The Rev. L. W. Batten ofleiated. The
palibesrars, nearly all of whom are lawyers,
were F, H, Allen, Mr, Adams's partner: W. C.

Cammann, . W. Wickersham, 8. Sidney Smith,
George © Holt, H. G. Ward, Peter T, Barlow,
Williagna B. Hornblower and Adrian H. Joline.
Most of those preaent at the services were
members of the Bae Association and of the
Chiba of which Mr. Adams waa a wneinber.
Shere were delewations from the University
Clit, the Harvard Club and some members of
Mr. Adama’s elnse of 1870 at Harvard. Mrs,
Adams, the widow, with her son Huntington
Adams and some members of Mrs, Adams's
family. wa- present, Theinterment took place
{n the family plotin the ehurehyard at Woods-
burg. L. 1, Mr. Adams's birthplace.

 
 

Brought Her Trousseau to Court in a Breach
of Promise Buit.

Fast St. Lovie, I!., April 11.~—Mrs. Annie
Zwingmaon. who Is more than 60 years old
and plaintiff In a $20,000 damage suit for
breach of promise against Dr. Dehaan, ap-
peared at the Court House yesterday with sev-
eral witnesses and # large-sized valiae con-
taining her trousseau, which she said she had
peronased on the strength of her approaching
inarriages.

New Yorker Robbed tn San Francisco.

Ran Francisco, April 11—H. I. Stewart,
travelling salesman
house, has caused the arrest of Tony Felton
for robbing nim of several valuable sample
watches. Stewart went out to see the sights
on Sunday nightand was beaten and robbed
by Felton,

 

The Wenther,

The storm from Texas moved east yesterday to |

Louisiana and Alabama, where the centre changed
{ta line of travel to northeast lifgh winds prevalled
over the Central States, heavy rains fell in Loulsiana,
Mississipp!, Alabema and Tennessee and moderately
heavy
the Florida peninsula. The rain turned into snow In
Indiana, lowa and northern Iiinols; threatening cor
ditions reached the Lake regions and were spreading
toward this nelenhborhood It was colder tn
States bordering the Rocky Mountains and South
west, where the pressure was high and rising

In this city theday was falr, cloudiness Increasing
toward night; wind shifted from northwest to south
77 per cent.; barometer, corrected
34: 3PM

by th ”
vy the oe

  

rains i

 

average humidity

 

Saag

The temperature as recorded ai ther
mometer, and also by THE SUN's thermometer at the
street level, Is shown in the annexed table

   

-OMeial uns -~OMeiaes Sun's
1p00, 1499, 1900 1900, 1899, 1900
9A. M. 37 44 40 #P. M.47? 47° 47°
12M 4? 40 43 oP. M.42? at 44°
3P.M..48° 50° 40° 12 Mid.. 40¢ ace 43°

WASHINGTON PORFCAST FOR
VWORROW

For New Engiand and eastern New York, rain to
day. brisk east winds, clearing to-night or Friday

For the District of Columbia, eastern Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland and Virginia, ratn
today. probably clearing in the afternoon or evening,
Friday fair, with rising temperature: fresh east to
south winds

For western Pennsylvania, western New York and
Ohio, rain followed by clearing to-day; Friday fair
and warmer; brisk south ahifting to west wind

TO-DAY AND TO-

The companies were ,

be refunded to the |

\illageto |

|
|
|
|
'
reommand of Chief OMcer Peters, har
|

for a New York jewelry |

vii tue other Southern States, except j

the

 

J. DOOLING, LIFE

| . .
HERE'S HIS FIFIH RESCUF, AND,

| PLEASE, HE WANTS A MEDAL, |

Thirteen Years Old Is Jimmy; and if Ever
&® Kid Deserved « Medal This One Does,”
Saye Capt. Killilea Latest Feat Is Sav-
ing « Policeman's Son From Drowning.

Jimmy Dooling, 13 yeara old, of SR Front
atreet, is agurieved andthe whole ofthe Firat
ward, including the police, sympathizes with
him, and it ia something for the police to sym-
pathize with awmall boy in the Firat
Although so amaliin stature that he looks not
more thant! years old, Jimmy has reseued at
least five persons from drowning.

“An’ at dat,” he said last night toa Sun re-
porter, “I haint got no medal fer wot I done.
T hope dia one ‘Il git it fer me.”

Dooling’s (i{th rescue was achieved yesterday
afternoon on the remains of Pier 5, East
River. The pier is being torn away, and the
boys from the houses nearby have been play-
ing tag in it, jumping from pileto pile, Jimmy
Dooling was “it” yesterday, He was chasing
James Hart, 12 years old, of 12 Stone atreet,
| when Hart slipped and fell into the water,
Hart cannot swim, and Jimmy Dooling knew
this and plunged in after him. He managed
to boost Hart upon one of the piles far enough
to enable a workinan on the pier to reach down
and pull himoup. Then Dooling climbed out
himeelf and went home to dry his clothes.
Jimmy Hart was put to bed, and his father,
who is a policeman attached tothe Old Slip
station, promised him a whipping if he aver
Diayed on the pler again unless Jimmy Dooling
was there.

Jimmy Dooling acquired the habit of life
faving Inst eurmmer, It began when his pet
dog fell into the river. Jimmy jumped in and
brought the aniinal safe to shore, Within two
weeks he had pulled two small boys out of the
river, Then he stopped life saving until Jan.
) Dary Just, when he rescued ten-year-old Michael
Tague, us ‘The Sus related at thetime A
month later he jumped into the icy water again
and pulled out a small boy whose name Dooling
eannet remember
Lt ever a kid ought to get a medal,” said
Capt. Killilea of the Old Slip station last night,

that kid deserves one.”
| Policeman Quinn of the Old Slip precinet has
); P reputation as @ life saver, too,

Quinn has
more than fifty reseues to his eredit.

 

 

Last
Nighttwo girls stopped to admire him while
THR SUN reporter was talking to Jimmy
Doo'ing about his resenea, Ali the boys inthe
neighborhood crowded around the youthful
hero. Quinn looked at the crowd and scattered
it quickly with many threats,

“He's gettin’ jealous,” saidone of the girls,
looking at Quinn, ‘Dat kid is stealin’ his
business,”

Quinn looked diaguated and Jimmy Dooling

Mayor Will Probably Approve It and the
Drug Clerks’ Bill Alan,

Mayor Van Wyck gave a public hearing yester-
day on the bill which proposes to take the Elac-
tion Bureau out of the Police Department and
put elections in the hands of a bi-partisan
commission of four, ‘Iwo bills, each certifled
| as having passed both houses of the Legisla-
ture, Were in the hands of the Mayor. Oneof
the:n was the original bill, mandatory tn Ite
Provisions that the Mayor should appointto
the commission the men nominated by the
county committees of the two great parties,
The bill did not pass In its original form, but
was amended #0 4s to allow the Mayor to reject

Grinned,
BUREAU OF FLECTIONS BILL.

It passed the Lewislature as

through a mistake of gone
both were

all nominations,

amended, but
Albany clerk, Certified copies of
sent

Under the terms of the bill that was passed
the commissioners would hold oflee for six
years, at $5,000 a year, have the appointment
of all clerks, election officers, &e., and call
on the Police Department only to preserve
order

No one appeared to approve the bill, and ex.
Assemblyman George Lb. Weed of Brooklyn
Was the only person who spoke in its favor He
told the Mayor that the voters of all parties in
kings county were for it. The Mayor didn’t
tell what be though! of the measure, but it is
expected that he will sign it

The Mayor also received two bille, one dead
and one alive, redvueing the hours of work for
drug clerks. on which he gave a hearing in the
! afternoon, The one that didn’t pass made the
State factory inspectors responsible for the en-
foreement of the law. ‘The live bill leaves en-
foreement in the hands of the loeal authori-
en. The Mayor wil! probably approve this

 

 

MACROUM CRIES LIF.

Denounces as Untrue a Statement Alleged
to Have Been Made by Conaul Hay.
April 11.--Charles FP,
nsulto Pretoria,

riding

East Liverproor, Ohto,

Macrum, former |
this morning reg

When seen

the statement that

Consul Adelbert Hay had failed to find any

evidence that the consular mail had been

tamperod with during Mr. Macrum's stay at

Pretoria, said

“This is such a palpable perversion of the
ssible to allow the matter

truth that ft is amy

fo Dass unnoticed, 48 It seemamto have come

   
 

 
 

from the State [6 ‘nt. This statement

 

json aparalle: with ma US Inisrepres

tiona which came from the same Department

before I reached this country. If proofs of all

my charges are noton tlle at the Consulate in
Pretoria if is because they have been wiifully
abstracted therefrom, In short, want to say

that the statement pullished toeday isa lie

nothing more nor less, | have been slandered

aud maligned until | have become cired of it.”

STEAMERS HELD IN) QUARANTINE,

Skipper of One and a Stoker of Another
Dead of Yellow Fever,

The German steamer Kagusa, which arrived
yesterday from Santos and Rio Janeiro, was

having dled of vellow
fever at Rio Janeiro on March 11, He and
Peters contracted the disease at Santos
Peters recovered and took charge of the ship.
Capt, Siemens was 3 { and was a
native ofGermany, The Ragusa will
tained at Quarantine for disinfeetion

James MeGrath, a fireman of the British
steamship Dunstan, in yesterday from Manaos
and Para, died of yellow fever, on Mareh 41,
when the Dunstan waatwo days out. He was
Ho was anutive of Treland and

held

skipper, Capt. Siemena,

 

years ¢
be de-

buried at sea |
was 34 years old, The Dunstan
at Quarantine for disinfection

is also

Wife, Wins,

Intheaction of Abram Israe!, a lawyer, foran
absolute divorcee from Tillle LB, Israel on
allegations of her relations with Dr, Jacob
Kaulman, who attended her as @ physician, a
jury before Justice McAdam of the Supreme
Court found yesterday for the wife. She coo-
tended, through her counsel, Samuel Unter-
myer, that the charges against her were the
result of a conspiracy on the part of Paul
Bieichert, astudent, who Was residing with
thei to learn English, and a former domestic,
She sald that Bleichert had tried to make love
to her.

sued for Divorce,

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

{ Trade and Jranspertation at {te
vesterday voted to petition
he tares collected

The Board
regular monty
Congress to reduce

meeting
nder the War
Revenue act

General treasurer of the Hospital |

Charles Lanier j

  

   

 

   

     

 

|
|
| Saturday and Sunday Association, reports that the
collection for 1Sav ive W foots up over $74,000, |
| Dearly $4,000 more than last year |
{  Polleeman James Keen » West Forty-seventh |
tatreet stathon fell wiile st r A Tow on the stable
at 126 West Forty sixtt ind frac. |
lt red bis ankle fe wa neent’s Hus. |
pila
} Three-ve f Goerck street |
I dled yesterda r Hosptial of carte
acid poisot n the § enor
{ay j ! th potson d
drank the s te
Christan Kel r 1 pa er & Fa 8d
Street, WAS hele et police court
| yesterday, On Susy stealing i nd ting
j valued at $130) from Mr Nilce 4 Ww Wes
Wd street The sina disappeased wiile he was
| working in Mrs. Led wh |
yattar ingle ‘
ber ' the
wal VHeTS _ Ab !
s ' a te st Prin
¢ resst J , f
Ir 'Te t Comy r Cole '
f ’ \ {Lea edi
n “Dew

 

 

Merchandise Sireams

Flow inward and outward, con-
stantly keeping the stock fresh
and bright. Chis is important
to buyers, for they can obtain |
this grand result without doub:
and without extra expenditure, |

Burnhans Phillips |

Custom Tailocing Only,

| Cemple Court Anncz, tio Nassau St, |

SAVER.| °

ward, |

|

offering buyers a

from the point

   
 

The Best Chocolate.,

When placing on the market the new product
Van Houten's Chocolate (for eating), some time ago,
the manufacturers had before them the object of

nutritive and digestible Chocolate

of irreproachable composition, while at the same time
more delicious in flavor than any of the already existe
ing kinds; in other words, a Chocolate which, both

of view as to health as well as to

flavor, should satisfy the most exacting demands. The
universal good opinion concerning Van Houten's Choe
colate, seems to prove that this object has been
attained; and it is recognized as being as superior

to other Chocolates, as Van Houten's Cocoa is
superior to other cocoas. When traveling, picnicking, or bicycling, it

proves of great service.

—_——0000000———_
Sold in Tins of Croquettes and Tins of Drops.

Also in Square

Tablets and Bars.

~ whether

Tea

Table
Thoughts

tea table.

cer's,

é
°
3
;
@
¢
C4
¢
¢
i 4
°
e
°
@
®
°
¢

 

SANITARY COPS ARE AFTER THEM
IN BROOKLYN,

 

Two Tobnaceu Laters Nabbed for Expectorns |

ting on Floor of Trolley Car-Lawyer
Here Causes Arrest of an Elevated
Railrond Passenger for Same Offence,

Tho particular section of the health law

which prohibits persons from expectorating in |

elevated railway cars, streot cars and ferry-
boats was enforced yesterday both in Manhat-
tan and Brooklyn, Dr, Robert Black, the
Brooklyn sanitary superintendent, had made
the declaration that the Jaw would be vigor-

ously enforced and kept his word. Early
yesterday morning he summoned the
policemen detailed on the sanitary
squad and told them that) they would be
transferred they failed to enforce

the Jaw. They remembered that Dr, Black's
wife was aniong the women whocomplained of
having dresses ruined by tobacco juloe, so they
were alert to carry out the instructions given
tothem, Twenty-four members of the squad
listened attentively to the instructions, and
then started out to hunt for violators of the
law, Two men boarded a Flushing avenue
line trolley car and two more climbed
aboard a Fulton street car. Others were de-
tailed to the Court street line, the Myr-
tle avenue Jine, and ail of the cross-
town lines, Si of the policemen were toldto
ride all day on the Brooklyn elevated road and
six more were assigned to duty on the hings
County Elevated, The sergeant ip charge of
the sanitary suuad told his men first to givea
fair warning to tobaeco chewers and ifthe
warning was not heeded to make arrests,

Almost every person caught violating the law
heeded the warning given by the members of
the Sanitary Squad, The result was that only
two arrests were made in Brooklyn, The meu
arrested were Frank B, Woodwell, a salesman
living at 501 Jefferson avenue, and Charies L.
Biiss, a clerk of 741 Quincy street, They were
arrested for spitting on the floor of ?utram
avenue car 102. The arrests were made
by Policemen John J. Higgins and Thoinas
Easop. The policemen got on the car at Broad-
way at SU o'elock in the morning The first
man they noticed was @ tinker who had his kit
of tools with him, He was chewing tobaceo
and spittingonthe floor, One of the policemen
leaned over and said.
the floorof this car. You arechewing tobace!”

“Oh, no, sir,” said the tinker, and ho swal-
lowed the tobacco he had been chewing.

Then Woodweil and Bliss got on tue car and
the polleemen watched them Both spat on
the car floor. The officers waited unti! the car
got to the City Hall and then placed hoth un-
derarrest. According to the story told by the
car conductor half a dozen others in the var
swallowed the tobacvo they were chewing
when they saw Woodwel! and Bliss under ar-

eat.

" Both men were taken to the Adams street
police court. Magistrate Brenner did not
allow the mento be put in the prisoners’ pen,
but directed the pollvemen to give them com-
tortatie seatain the front of the Court roo
Iben the poueemen declared they caught Bliss
und Woodwell in the act of expectorating on
the floor of the car, The men did not deny it,
but explained thatthey didnot know they were
violating any law. Magistrate Brenner said that
fn case (his Wada plea of guilty the only thing

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

  

 

  
 

 

 

 

| left for him to do was to hoid them for trial to
| the special sessions. Headvised them to get
eounse! and paroled them for twenty-four
hours torthat purpose, He said he would aiso
give them a chance to procure @& bondsman
While Me, Woodwell was waiting for his case
be disposed of, he commented upon the fact
that he hud seen at least four policemen spit
on the eourt-room floor
The manarrested in Manhattan was Ambrose
W. Clayton, the doorkeeper at the Grand Jury
room in the Criminal Court Budding. He was
on s way downtown trom his home in |
Ninetieth street and waa nding in a Third
Ave! elevated ratiroad ear Lawyer
Sain L. Welf of 125 bast Pwenty-third
street fects him f spitting ou the
fluor ot the ear Wolf finally
t the tr guard The guard apoke ty
Clayton and Was politely told to mind
his own business, Then @ poheeman got on | >
the tra { Lawver Wolf insisted upon hay
wclayt irrested. ‘Tneentire party left the
train atChatham Square, the police:nan hav.
ing Claytond stody and Lawyer Wolf going
along fo sWear to & Complaint against the
priscnues They wentover ty the Centre street
eourt
What's in thiscomplaint?” inquired Magis-
trate FE! rer
"We i Lawyer Wolf, "I have no enmity
agains! in, but at least one-third of the
leaths tv are due te consumption
Many consumptives expectorate in public
plaves, and inthis manner the germs of the
disease are spread. To avoid danger all per-
sona sho be prohibited from expectorating
in put  I'mtrying to do my share

    

' neg |
“Who w#lse saw this man violate the law?” in-
quired the Magistrate

fhe train guard and other passengers,”
sald Mr. Wolf

Are they here?” asked Magistrate Fiammer.

“No,” said the complainant
“My word's ae good as his,” remarked Clays
’

ai

There's no oven product

flavor allthelrown. At
your caterer's or gro-

  
 

DARK DAYS FOR SPITTERS,.

 

 

. |} General Coyne for the neople
appealed | pear ne before Conmissioner

    

   

it be your

own or the baker's —
that’s so surprisingly
delightful as the new
Veronese Biscuit. They
add another pleasure to
the gathering about the

Veronese
Biscuit

They've a

In large or small
packages—a wonderful
new package that keeps
them fresh and crisp.

   

ton, ‘I was chewing licorice root and did not
expectorate,”’
“He did,” chimed in Wolf,
torated on the floor of the car.
“Where was the car?” inquired Magistrate
Flammer.
| “Approaching the Fourteenth atreet stas
tion,” replied Wolf,
Ii that’s the case it was in the Yorkville
pourt district,” remarked the Magistrate,
You ll have to take him up there.”
Then,’ said Wolf, “I apply to you for a
warrant for his arrest for spitting in this court
\ room. 1 seat saw him spit.”
“Who else saw him?” asked the Magistrate,
| Weil.” said Wolf, “I told the policeman to
waeeh pie, but the policeman turned his head
a '
| “T cannot issue a warrant on that state-
ment,’ continued Magistrate Flammer, “but [
appreciate the stand you take as a public-
| sp rited citizen, Jr is most disgusting the
| way in whioh persons expectorate In publiv
| Dlacea, and it should be atopped. Your case at
| thiatime is weak. You must have witnesses.
| If you want to push the case against this man
| getthe train guard who saw him violate the
j law. Then youcan have him brought to the
| Yorkville court, The prisoner is diseharged,”
| Clayton went upstairs and went to work in
| the Criminal Courts building. He said a mis.
|

 

“and he expee-

take had been made in his case as he had only
chewed Hiqnories root, and had not spat on the
ear floor, Lawyer Wolf declared be would look
for other spitters to-day. So will the Brooklyn
sanitary aquad,

DPATH DID NOT VOID THE

 

NOTE,

Dimon's Landlady Found That Als Gift Was
No Gift at All.

| Charles L. Dimon, as administrator of the
estate of Stephen C. Dimon who died {n 1883,
| obtained judgment from Justice Scott of the
Supreme Court yesterday against Martha
Newry for $8,000 on a note, $2,381 interest and
$250 extra allowance, ,
Dinon boarded for several years with Mra,
Keery and her husband Thomas, and she says
she borrowed the money to pay off a mortgage
jon her house because Dimon did not want t
live ina house that was mortgaged She pai
| interest onthe noteup to the death of Dimon,
) and he had promised to give her the face of the
jbote if he did not demand payment while he
| lived. He had written at the foot of the note:
“At my death this note becomes void.”
Inthe present action ft was contended that
there was no valid gift for the face of the note
| to Mre Keery, Justices Seott decided yeaters
| day that_on her own statement she had no de.
fenee. There was no present gift; a promise
to make a gift tu the future would not be good;
aad {twas not a gift causa mortis because thera
Was Lo expectancy of death when the alleged
giftwas made. The Judge save that property
cane ‘t be disposed of in this way except by
wi

  
 

| SUNDAY EXCURSIONS NOT WANTED

“We're hore to arrest anyone who anpits on | . ~—
We're hore to | Protest Against Ballding a Public Wharf at

Glen Cove Landing.

Mrixcora, L. I, April 11.—Delegations from
Oyster Bay, (len Cove, Sea Cliff and other vile
lages fronting on the Sound appeared before
the Board of Supervisors {n this place yester-
day to protest against the building of a publie
wharf at Glen Cove Landing, for which the

Highway Commissioners have asked an ap-
nropriation of $3,000, The opponents of the
scheie asserted that the only object ofa pub-
lie wharf wasto bring Sunday excursioniats to
points aloug the Sound solely to benefit anum-
ber of hotels along the shore. They eens
a petition to the board in which they aasserte
that the landing of Sunday excursioniste and
picnic parties would be a positive detriment to
the property and the peace and good order of
the villages affected. The gppceition to the
dock was headed by Charles T. Vincent. Lawe
yer Gvorge Stoddard represented the interests
in favorofthe wharf. The Supervisors did not
announce their decision

The Presentment Againat Col. Gardiner,

The hearing before Judge Foster in General
Sessions on the motion to dismiss the presente
ment of the March Grand Jury aguinet District
Attorney Gardiner has gone over to Saturday.

On the theory that a presentment is like an
indictment, und that the people have no appeal
if it Is dismissed, counsel for Col. Gardiner
proposed. yesterday that Judge Foster decide
atonee that he had no jurisdiction in the case
so thatan appeal from that decision might wat
the whole matter before the Appellate Divi-
sion. Butthis fell through Wheeler H. Pecke
ham has been associated with Deputy Attorneys
The Gardiner
Wileox will go

 

| on this morning at 10:30 o'clock

 

Patient: Doctor, | have a bad attack of
malaria.
Doctor: Just one thing to do. Take a

tablespoontul of DUFFY'S PURE Malt WHISKEY
every two hours. It will cure any case of
malaria ina night. All druggists and grocem,
—Ady.

4 Ht:
a
i
i
re

Se een