MAINE REPUBLICANS MEET.

DELKGATIS 10 THE PHILADIPUTA
CONVENTION SELECTED,

MeKinley’s Administration Tndorsed and
Support Pledged for the Convention
Frye Shipping Bill Approved The
Isthwian Canal and the Philippines.

Lewiston, Me, April 11.-The Republican
Btate Convention for the choice of Presidential
electors and dolegates-at-large to the Natlonal
eonvention was heldin City Hall to-day, W. 7.
Cobb of Kockland presided, Those resolutions
wore adopted:

“We heartily commen! thu wise,

nd progressive administration of President

eKinley, under which, with capital success.
fully invested and labor profitably employed,
the country {a to-day enjoying an eraof unex
ampled prosperity. Firmly believing that tho
best interests of our country demand his res
tention in the great ollico Whose rave re-
Bponsibilities and exacting duties, both In
peace and war, he has borne and discharged
B0 wisely and well, we pledge him anew our
earnest allegiance and support.

“Belloving that the best monoy in the worl
{9 none too good for the American people, we

favor the muintenance of the golt standard
established by a Republican Congress, onder
which labor reaps its Just reward, and every
dollar in circulation hus the largest possible
purchasing power
“We ure firmiy convinced that the revival of
for the paasage of
Which wall

”

patriot

Our merchant murine calls
the Frye Shipping bill, a measure
build up our shipyards, regain os oar old-tin
Prestige on th: seas, vastiv ines yur fore
eign trade, endloe American pr 3 ta be
transported in American bett do saiverto

American property. the millions of collars

which th ople ofthis countey now annually

pay to the owners of foreigu ships

“We believe that the interests of an expand-
ing commerce imperatively demand the eon-
atruction of the Nicaraguan eanal anda Pa-

citle cable. 7

While any part of the inhabitants of our
outlying isiauds are resisting the authority of
the Unired states, 16 is the duty of the Goyerhe
ment to suppress such insurrection and astiab-
ish peace and orler The Amerean. tlhig
stands asa guarantee of 4 liberty and the
pursuitof happiness’ No have ever

@oine under its protection save to their better.

ment, and Congress may be safely depended

upon to Kecure to Gi) Who Geveptits sovercigntry
the blessings of a just Governinent aod te pros
ressive civiligation.”

Phos delegateseat-large tothe National Con-
ention were chosen by aeclamnation
y Norton, Portland: Sidney M. Bird, Novk-

Jand; Joseph Ho Manley, Augusta, and Georg
.» Murehie, Caais, Alternates, Emorv 4
rews, Kennebuok; Harry 1 Anstin, Phillips;
J 8. Bigwins, bden, and bo O. Beal, Bangor

ms

Several of the speakers humorously referred

to the cundidaey of Admiral Dewey

BURNS MEN MOLD A CONVENTION,
Got Control by Throwing Qut White Plains
Delegates Talk of Compromise.

New Rocnerre, April 11.—The anti-Robert-

gon Republicans of the Second Assembly dis- |

wurday without
ah |

last &
convention to

trict, who adjourned
action, held another
nominated a full set of delegates to the State

-(lay

Convention and the convention which isto be |

held in White Plainson Saturday to scleot dele-
gates to the National Convention, Thedele-
g@atee are as follow: State=James Irving
Burns, Ben L. Fairchild, C. Hobart Morgan, IL.
CG. Weeks, George (. Menzies, James W. Stale
ford, John H. Bierman and Samuels, Miller.

Congress District— Richard N. Arnow, John M.
Bhinn, Joseph bk, Ennis, John J. Thompson,
George H. Mairs, Daniel 8. Peil, W. H. Kellock
and William Porter Alien.

The Robertson Republicans who attended

the convention last Saturday nominated delo- |

gates after the faction Jel ” ex-denator Burns
and ex-Congressman Fairchild departed, were
on hand to-day, but they left atter the District
Committee organized the convention aud
threw out pine of their White Piaina delegates,
which left them in the minority. A com.
prem 20 prepared, it te said, by direction of the
te Committee, was submitted to the loaders
of the two factions to-day and was virtualiy
agreed to, Leaders on both sides admit that a
truce haa been reached, but decline to discuss
the terms, It is generally believed that the
reflection of W, H. Ten Eyck to the State Com-
ittee ie one of the provisions
ount Kisco, April 11.—The Republicans of
the Third Westchester Assembly district held
convention to-day in the Opera House and
elected State convention delegates und dele-
ates to the Congresa district eonvention, Ag
eual, the Robertson wing of the party control
the majority of the delegates. They are: State
ames K. Apgar, Leveritt F. Crumb, Smith
nt, James W, Bedoll, N. G. Barrett and
ames Lawrence, pope ess district—Joaoph B,
ee, W. J. Haight, FP. L. Reynolds, A. W.Young,
t., George Palmer and James Hopkins

HUGH M’LAUGHLIN IS BACK,
Brooklyn Democratic Leader Returns
From Florida in Good Health.

The Hon. Hugh MecLauch!in, who has been
own atex-Fire Chief Nevine’s resort on the
ndian River, Florida, witha party of friends
since the middle of January, got back to Brook.
Jyn last evening. He was met at the railroad
epot ln Jersey City by James Shevlin, ex-Sen-
tor John McCarty, ex-Sherilf Frank Creamer,
dues John Courtney and a few other
riends, allof whom congratulated him on his
rugged appearance and declared that they had
not seen him lovk better in twenty years, In
eeordance with his usual custom,? Mr,
fcLaughliin decline: to discuss political affairs,
national, State, or local,

POPULIST HUPE IN BRYAN,
Belief That He Can Bring the Democratic
Party Into the Populist Fold,

Perry, Oklahoma, April 11.—C, D. Schrader,
@ Populist politician, who formeriy lived in
Nebraska, where he was acandidate for Lieu-
tenant-Governor and Congress, was chairman
of the Territorial Populist Convention at Enid
yesterday, Schrader ts a resident of Perry
Eee, n his opening speech, speaking of Will-
omy. Bryon, Mr. Schrader said

“We educated ant made a Populist of Mr,
Przan, He told me that the day would come,
@ believed, when he could bring the Demo-
cratic party with him intotho Populist fold,”

Delegates to the Philadelphia Convention,

Scuenectapy, N. Y., April 11—At the Re-
pub! can Congress convention for the Twenty.
fiestdsirete mp isiig tie ounties of Mont-
gour ,Scheneidy, Schohy and
Qwg», held here tiis if erncon, Senator

foburt Krum of Schoharie and the Hon. Bare

attice, Justice of the Supreme Court, of
Otsego, were unanimously selected as dele-

ates to the National Convention. and James H

allangp, editor of the Schenectady Daily Urion,
and I. W. Brandon of Catskill were named as
alternates. Resolutions wore adopted endors-
ing the administrations of President McKinley
and Gov. Roosevelt. No pledges of support
were made and no Instructions were given the
delegiutes

Georiia ou ista N minate a Governo,

TLANTA, Apri 11.—The Midd e- f-the-Koal
Populists of G. rgiay’ t . ay nominated J.
Vravior of froap county for Governor to oppose
Alten D. Candier, Co!. Traylor is one ot the
Jeading agriculturists in the State and com.
mands the vote of that eleament. He has served

ith credit in the State Senate.

(rreene

DIES ON HIS BIRTHDAY,

/

BRADY

Acquaintance Had Just Expressed a Wish
That He Might Live tt Vears More,

Eugene Brady of 132 Hast Fiftieth street
walked into Andrew Blackhurn’s saloon at 75
Third avenne last night and said to Blackburn:

“Congratulate me. [am 41 years old
night.”

“Hope you may live forty-one years more,”

sald Blackburn. Brady went intoa rear room,
gat down at a table and had a drink of whiskey
minute later he tell forward unconscious
hen an ambulance surgeon from

to-

arrived fr
Flower Hospital Brady was dead. Heart dis.

- was the cause of death,
or many years Braty was a member of the
ff of the Tribune. He was night editor when

e left the paper about three years ago. He was
unmarried, His brother, James V, Brady, is a
teacher in Public School 27

Defantting County Treasurer Ingersoll Cap-
tured in Philadelphia,

Irnaca, N, ¥., April 11,—Charles Ingersoll,
the defaulting County Treasurer, who jumpeu!
his bond on Monday morning, ta reported to
have been captured in Philadelphia to-day
The authoritics believe the ramor, for» te!
gram from there asked if Charles I
was wented here, The authorities

sed with the news, as tilststhes nd time
ngersoll bas disappeared when wanted here

t is expected that Ingersoll will receive the
full limit of sentence for his offence upon his
return,

Theve Is Ne Disputing

the 4 ble associations formed through

using the advertising columns ot Tui Sun, A
4 Tug Sun may be relied upon as au
dent American cliizen,—dcu,

at

, lished story
{the eruise that the ship should stop at

! whieh the home office has not been

George |

PILGUINS HOMEWARD BOUND.

of Mishaps on the New England's
Cruise Not Credited Here,

The steamship New England, which left Bos-
tonon Feb. l witha party of S00 excursionists
to visit the Holy Land, will start on her return
trip from Liverpool! to-day, In the meantime
the friends of the excursionists here have been
a good deal upset by reports by mail printed in
the Boston papers telling of the burried de-
parture of the ship from Naples on March .4,
leaving her passengers behind, As a result,
aveording to the letters, there was a good deal
of embarrassment sutte by those
party who had undertaken the exeursion with
only sulileient funds to pay their way in case
everything Went smoothly. The letters have
ulso stated that there was considerable sick-
When the letters were

Storics

ness among the party

| written there had been no explanation of why |
' quarrymen were paid $1,480 for a day of ten
| hours and they now demand $1.50 for elght

the New England had Jeft hor party at Naples,
butit was suggested that it was through fear
of detention in quarantine

The exeursion was under the management
oll, ©. Clark of DLL Tbrowdway, this city,

Mr. Clark himsell is with the party, At his
offive yesterday it was sai! that po information
had reached there of any trouble at Rome, The
manager of the office said that several Boston
people who had triends and relations on the
Now Fngiand had written that some of the ex-
cursionists had been sick aud therefore unable
togoon with the trp. The manager was in-
lined to think that one or two people Who had
been taken sick might have been left at Rome
in eharge of the American Consul.

All but {ity or sixntv ot the GOO tourists were
to baveleft the shipat Naples anyway and
were to ggo overland to meet the New Bnogland
Liverpool lt was) possible, the manuger
sugested, that there might have been some
eoutusion about the people whe were to wo on
with the ship and those who were to be left to
woto Liverpool that would explain the pub.
It was part of the programme of
Nies
reason of
Informed
she cleared for Liverpool when she left Naples,
Vhe New England reached Liverpoolon April l,

ihe home ottiee had a letter from Mr. Clark
at aboutthe time the ship was at Naples,
March 24, in which he said that the trip had
been @ success imevery way aud everybody
Was satistied,

JAPAINSTON

otter leaving Naples, but for some

TALK FROM

C, Emery, Occupant of Hadley's
ser Chair, Hits Out Straight,
11.—Prof, Henry Crosby
sueceed to the classes of
President Arthur T. Ifadley of Yale next fall,
hus come out for espansion, He says:

“The example of iingland’s hurmonious un-
jon of empire and democracy shows that demoe
eratic government in our own country need not
be langered by the rule of distant
possessions; and as to the — Filipinos
themselves, our title to the islands
was aejuired aeceording to the recog-

nized Juw of nations, and the test of the justioa
of wovernment soestablished is not the degrea

VILE,

Prof. U.
re
New Havey, April
Emery, who will

e!

} to which a majority of the governed consent to

it, but the degree to which If guarantees peace,
individual rights and liberty In the pursuit of
happiness

“The recent colonial movement finds its eco.
homie explanation in the unparalleled growth
of population and wealth in the last hundred
years, The United States, far from
being unconcerned {n this move-
ment, ia especially affected by it Al-
ready ourchiefimports aie from southern and
eastern count? nd the civilized races are
oming to have less and less to offer us in ex-
change for our products We have beeome
their industrial rivals, and the expansion
of our eommerce may soon depen upon
activity in tropical regi Furthermore,
nt our present rate — of growth,
we shall number 800,000,000) affer = fifty
yeara, and even the halfofthat number would
inal) probability exhaust ourgrain supplies and
leave none tor exports, ‘The tine has come
When the tropie *rritories must ba opened
uptorthe maintenance of the growth of elvi-
lized races.”

ns,

CHANGE FOR FIVE DOLLARS,

Easy Way Discovered to Get It Without
Having Five Dollars,

A boy went into Baumgarten's drug store at
Filty-elgbth street and Ninth avenue on Tues-
day afternoon and said that Mrs, Starrs on the
avcond floor at 35 West Fifty-ninth street
wanted the druggist to send around two
siphons of seltzer for which she would pay on
delivery. The druggist sent his errand boy,
James Mullarkey, around, He found a four-
teen-year-old boy at the front door

“You'll have to send thoae bottles up on the
dumbwaiter.” he sald, “Go in through the
basement

Mutiarkey went in and put hia bottles on the
dumbwaiter, Just then the door opening into
the shaft on the second floor opened anda volee
which seemed to be a woman's said

“Lye got only a tive-dollar bill, so please put
the change on when you send the bottlea up
and Pilputthe bill on when the dumbwaiter
wets here

Mullarkey complied with the request, but
after a hand upstairs had reached out for the
4.00 which he sent up the door closad and
nothing came down Policeman Anderson
found that no Mrs, Starrs jived in the flat and
that the second. floor was vacant. Thomas
Burke, the Loy who had sent young Mullarkey
tothe basement, was arrested. He protested
that he “didn’t get bo money,”

SOLDIER,

SEARCH FOR

A hoy

Easy to Identify Him for He's Tattooed
Till He's a Walking Picture Gallery.

Willie White, 16 years old, who was in Cuba
with the Twelfth Regiment, is missing, and
the polica have been asked to look for him.
While he waa in Cuba Willie had himself tat-
tooed till he was a walking picture gallery, and
n former comrade, who reported his disap.
pearance at Police Headquarters yesterday, was
out of breath when he had fluished telling
about the marks on the youngster’s body, On
his brenst is tattooed the Lord’s Prayer, on hia
right arm the battleship Maine, surmounted
bya daggeranda man’s head, and on his left
arm the initlal “W.’ enclosed in a wreath,
White is 5 feet 2 inches tall and has dark hair
and eyes. When last seen he wore a brown
suit, a blue cap and russet ahoes 7

White's home ts in Marion, Ind. When the
war with Spain began he ran away with an In-
diana regiment, but left it to join the New York
troons. When he came back from Cuba a
member of the regiment got work for him ina
bakery at 817 Sixth avenue, On sunday White
started ont for a bievele ride on the Hudson
County Boulevard. His friends have not seen
him sines. Hehadonly a tewcents when he
Went away,

WE INTERRUPTED MARIE DRESSLER,

Noisy Auditor Pot Out of a Musie Hall and
Vinced Under Arrest,

and Adele Far-
were doing their sketch entitled
Minutes Shirt Walsts’ at
Seamon'a Musie Hall, in Wost
yesterday afternoon, a
man noneof the orchestra chairs be-
gan tomake remarks in an audible tone dis-
turbing Mias Dressler who was singing.

“Tf you don't stop that racket,” she said,
pointing to the man, “you'll be put out,”

A number of persons in the audience ap-
plauded and Miss Dressler began to sing again,
but the man resumed his loud-voleed remarks,
Mias Dressier stood it fora few minutes; then
she became angry

‘Wont the polleeman
some action?” she asked

Derective Parker walked down fhe aisle and
usked the singer to point out the offender,
She didsoand Parker dragged him from the
theatre, the prsoner protesting all the way
that he had ne nothing, He was taken to
the West L2oth street police station where he
said he was Willian I 40 yeors old, a
bartend f2Qtol Fir >was locked
upon acharge of disorde

While Marie Dressler
rington
“Twenty
Hurtig «

hth street

in

seated

in the house take

ise,

SCARED ULK HUSBIND,

ALL RIGHT,

Pretended to Take Poison-—Doctored, De-

spite ter Protest, and Locked Up,
Annio Baumbae' of 185 Charles street, co
frighten her busband Frank, last
night thatshe was going to kill herseif, She
poured some a glass, drank it and
sank groun!
Baumbach
Charlies street stat

his wife
summoned

declared

liqale in
ng to the flo«

He

ran to the
eclared that
hed swallowed poison The police
an Phone surgeon from
st, Vineent’s Hospita When the ambu-
lanee arrived, Mrs, Baumbach, in spite
of her protests, Wiis taken to the
hospital, She was clad only ina nighteown,
At the hospital the stomach pump was applied
and Mra. Baumbach's story that it was port
wine that sho hau drunk was proved to be

had her
n she was 4 1
terly conduet
us

Was ied
h where

lice lothing sent to her and
up on a charge of dis-
cotniitted h her own

Easter Gloves at O'Neill's,
New Importétion of Jouvin & Cle's Celebrated

Gloves Jurt reectved. Newest Spring Shades, 6th av.,
2¢th to Det onr-sides

of the |

 

THOUSAND MOREON STRIKE

FEAR OF A RENEWAL OF RIOTING IN
WESTOHESTERK COUNTY,

Italians Working tn a Quarry Near Croton
and on the Cornell Dam Cast Their Lot
With the Strikers-Sheriff Molloy Hears
They Are Forming Hostile Bands.

Whore Prats, Aprit 11,—The ranks of the
striking Italians in the towns along the Sound,
who were dispersed on Tuesday by Sheriff
Molloy and a posse after causing a riot at
Mamaroneck, were reénforced to-day by 1,000
men in the western part of Westchester county,
The latest recruits were employed in the quar.
ries owned by Coleman & Brushaw, contrac-
tors, near Croton and also on the Cornell dam,
which is being built to furnish an additional
supply of water for New York efty, The atriking

these men were organizing into hostile bands
and that they intended to prevent any of their
fellow countrymen from working until their
demands should be complied with. The Sheriff
has nearly 200 deputies on duty, and 200

more {hn reserve,

Contractor Griffin, who shot one of the

strikers yesterday and was released on bail,
put
!

his men to work to-day. They were
guarded by Deputy Sheriffs,

10 PROTECT NON-UNION MEN,
Chicago Contractors Fortifying a Building
for the Safety of Their Men,

Crreaco, April 11,—Contractors are planning
to convert the Merchant's Building, Clark and
Adams streets, into a fortress, At present all
the doors and windows are strongly barricaded
and the structure Is guarded by police off-
cers, private detectives, former polleamen and
private watchmen. The plan under considera-
tion is to provide quarters s0 the non-
union men employed in the structure may live
there In order to avoid possible confitets with

union men or strike sympathizers, The step
will be taken a8 soon as it becomes apparent
that such clashes caunot be avoided. Many
contractors intimate thatthat time has arrived.

With the withdrawal of all union workmen
from the structure yesterday the bosses were
left in such_a situation that several contractors
voluntecred to go to work and complete the
plumbing. Feqring that strike sympathizera
might retaliate by damaging the shops of these
men if their identity became known, . the
reatest secrecy was maintained, Behind
marred doors, hidden by rough sereena from
even their companions, several wealthy eon-
tractors worked hard at putting in the plumb-
ing work, It was given out by Victor Falkenau
of the Contractors’ Council that eight bosses
worked with the non-union men that have been
secured, If the situation demands ft 100
bosses are willing to contribute their services,

It ts said on good authority to-night that
Marshall Field has given notice to the con-
tractors that the Merchants’ Loan and Trust
Building, which, sinee the beginning of the
strike, haa eome to be known as the Marshall
Field Building, must be completed by May 1,
regardiess of the labor troubles. To save the
forfeitures agreed upon for failure tocomply
the contractors have appealed to thelr fellow
contractora to help them out, and beginning
vo-morrow morning several scores of bosses
will pick up the tools and overalls abandoned
when thay left the ranks of Journeymen years
ago,and try to till the places of the strikers.
The strikers point to thts fact as evidence that
there are few non-union carpenters, plumbers
and other building tradesmen ready'to take
the strikers’ places,

GLORGES CREUK MINERS OUT,

hours, Sheriff Molloy sald he had learned that

An Anti-Strike Meet That Was Advertised,
but That Didn't Occur,

CumBeRiann, Md, April 11.—The atrike of
Georges creck miners began promptly at
midnight. The miners were much wrought
up over a circular seattered in Lona
coning, calling an anti-strike meet.
ing to-night, Several hundred men headed by
Organizer William Warner, who, it is charged,
precipitated the present strike, were on hand
but no one attempted toholda meeting. It

was openly said that the anti-strike men
would have been roughly handled had they
showed their hands,
An immense meeting of
held in Frostburg to-night to ratify the
action of the committee in. calling the
strike Fred Dilcher of the .National
Executive Board made an address, cautioning
the men to remain away from saloons, The
organization authorizes afew timbermen and
pumpers to remuin at Work so that mine prop-
erty will not auffer, One hundred machine
miners of the Sinclatr Mining Company at Bar-
ton struck to-day. They have been receiving
40 cents or over six Cents more than the seale
The first ug)e feeling was shown yeaterdas,
when twenty miners of the Cumberland and
Summit Coal Company, near Frostbure, who
wanted to return to work at the old rate were
by several hundred strikers and turned
back. The men were inclined to resist at first,
but were cowed before superior forces

miners was

EIGHT-HOUR LAW

Investigation Ordered of Charges Against
Two City Contractors,

VIOLATED,

The Board of Public Improvements voted
yesterday to investigate charges made by two
Inspectors in the Department of Sewers aguinst
Patrick Reddy and William F. Moore, cone
tractors, Who ara accused of having violated
the Bight-hour Labor law. Reddy is building a
sewer in Harlem and Moore is building one in
West Twenty-eighth street. The inspectors
allege that the contractors’ emplovees have
been working more than eight hours. Com-
missioner Kane appealed to Corporation Coun-
sol Whalen for advice as to how he should act,
The Corporation Counsel informed him that ho
must not certifvany payrolls if the law was
being violated, and that if the charges against
the contractors were sustained, the contracts
should be declared void,

Phe board. will holt a public hearing on
Wednesday of next week, at which tho con-
tractors and the inspectors will be heard,

UNION STRIKERS DHFEATED,

to Dictate to Machine Shops’
Management Fails Utterly.

Brpperony, Me., April 11.—The attempt of
the workmen employed in the Saco and Pettee
machine shops to unionize the establishments
hus failed utterly and the strikers have gone
back to fill what vaenacies exist, The men
went outon March 12 alter their demand thar
none but union men be employe! had been
refused by the agent, but jast night it was
agreed to go back to work to-day, More than
one hundred new men obtainet employment
at the shops during the strike. The agent will
retain these and find places for alithe strikers
if possible, as he intends to increase the work -
ing force vonsiderably. Before the strike
about eight hundred hands were employed,

Attempt

Seceders From a Union Muat Give Back Its
Money.

The Tin hoofers Cornice Makers and Sheet
Iron Workers’ Union had $2,258 in the Bush.
wick Savings Bankin Brooklynon Aug. 15!
when some of the members held a special
meeting, and voted to disband the union, Ata

subsequent meeting a motion was nade tore
consider the resolution to disband and it was
carried by a vote ofS4todd. Before the vote
was announced several of the officers left the
had taking with them the t and other
documents, and two of the offleers drew the
money trom tue bank, They then joined the
Amalgamated Assoc ion Manhattan and
park over to this be $1,400, The mombers
who remained in the old union eleeted new of-
ficors and begon mandamus proceedings bee
fore Supreme Court Justice Smith in Br
to recover the money. Justice Smith has de-
cided in favor of the Tin fers, Cornice
Workers and Sheet Iron Workers’ Union,

Hiarmony Between
Bodies,

sat
.

t
min

Short-lived Central

Labor

The Building Trades League, which was
formed about three days ago by tho principal
unions inthe Board of Walking Delegates and
the Building Trades Council, bas already gone
to pieces, the uneil unions seceding, The
object of th was to unite the board and
the conne were continually ordering
strikes against each other

Tuxedo Mechanics Make Demands,

The carpentersin Tuxedo have organized asa
local of the United Brotherhood of Carpenters
and have notified the employers that they de-
mand $2.75 and the eight-hour work day to go
into ¢ on May Land to be enforced by
strikes if refused, The painters and masons
in Puxedo have also formed untons and dee
mand the elght-hour work day alter May 1

Chicago strike Leader Here,

George P. Gubbins, Presideat of the Chicago
branch of the Bricklayers and Masons’ Inter-
national Union, arrived here yesterday to exe
plain the labor troubles in Chicago to the
unions and to collect money for the strikers,
Tho future of trades uatonism in this country,
he suid, depends vn thy issue of the strike,

eat Tae heed he ay ED
Rt eat ree iat

NEW YORK EAST CONFERENC

Appointments for the Various Pulpite An- |
nounced at the Danbury Meeting. |

Danuvny, Conn., April 11.—The New York
East Methodist conference to-day adopted a |
report expressing Its approval of a weekly balf |
holiday for workingmen and passed @ resolu- |

tion against the opening of the Amorican sec-
tion of the Paria Exposition on Sundays. (The
appointments to churehes in New York Ptate |
were
NEW YORK DISTRICT

Joseph Pullman, Presiding Elder, Mamaroneck,
F, M. Upham: Mount Vernon—-Chester Hl, C.J.
North; First Chureh, G. C, Peek; Noth, Hobert Crook; |
New Roehelle-—First Chureh, We eb Wardell) St,
John's Chureh, SO, Curtice, New York Clty |
Allen Street Memorial, b, F, Saxon, Peekman Hill
DW. Couch, Bronxdale, W. H. MeMaster, City Island,
W. ©. Wilson, Cornell Memorial, C. H. ‘Tinker, fast
Chester, to be supplied Eleventh Street, BL. Fox
Forsyth Street, F. J. Shakleton; Grace, J. J. Motmu,
Itallan Mission, FL A, Tagitalatela; Jolin Street,
W. ©. Blakeman; Olin, B,J. Richardson; Prospect
Avenue, Nathan Hubbell, Second Street, A. C. More=
house; Seventeenth Street, J. Ll. Fatrehiid, Seventh
; J. WK. Menry, Siaty frst Street, B.A. Dent;
y seventh Sureet, EC. Hoag; Trtatty, We A,
Richards; ‘Twenty seventh Street, IL DL. Weston;
West Chester, WG, Gitin: West Farms, to be sup
piled: Willett Street, W. C. Steele: Willis Avenue,
W. H. Barton; Port Chester-—-King Street, BOT, Ab
bott: Summertield, W. T. Pray; Pound Ridge Cir
cull, to be supplied; Rye, Nelson bdwards.

BROOKLYN NORTH DISTRICT.

James Montgomery,Presiding Elder; Bayside, Alex-
ander MeNicholl; Bayville, G. PL Stephens; Brook
fyn- Andrews, F. G. Howell; Dushwick Avenue, W.
A. Layton, Central, George Vanalstyne, to settle up
affairs, DeKalb Avenue, J. 1. Hamilton; Epworth,
W. kK. Schoonover; First Chureh, H. F. Kastendieck,
Vleet Street, FB. B. Stockdale; Knickerbocker Avenue,
bh D. Pace; North Fifth Street, Lemuel Richardson;
Sands Street, Memorial, Alan McHossle; Shaw Ave
hue, James P Le kwood; Simpson, 1. 8S. Hender
son, St John's, b. G. Downey; South Second Street,
KS. Pardiugton; Soutn Third Street, William Ham
iiton: Tabernacle, D. A. Jordan; Tompkins Avenue,
W. W. T. Duncan; Union, Wo PL Estes; Williams
Avenue, George Adams, York Street, G. W, Simon
son; Calverton, G,C, Lane; Central Islip, H. EB. Mars
land; Cold Spring Harbor, H. O. Gilman; Commack,
Filwood and Wing's Park, Jullus Nelson, Coran and
Middle Istand,to be supplied; Corona, T. L, Powelson
Culehogue, J. A, Swann; Bast Norwich, Robert Was
son, Eimbhurst, J. WH. brunges; Farmingdale and
Melville, bh. ik, Creed: Flanders, J. FP. Robertsou;
Floral Park, David MacMulien, Flushing, A. Li.
Wyatt; Glen Cove, WUllam MeNicholl; Glenaale, A
J. Pennell; Great Neck, IL, Q. Judd; Greenport, W. J
White, Haupauge, H. W.N. Patt) Hieksville Clrenit,
S. A. Sands, Hempstead, J. E. Holmes; Hollis, Wil
liam Fa y; Huntington, F. D. Walter; Jamaica,
L, bk. Moore: Lake Grove and St, James, bP. Alvord,
lang Island City —Grace, J, Malfour Smith: Third
Church, B.A. Burnes; Tr y, C. E. Barts; Maspeth,
J. L. Brooks; Mattituck and Jamesport, to be supplied;
Middie Villawe, H. F. Shenn: Morris Park, L. ee is
well: Northport, W. MH. Lawrenee; Orlent, BF. L. Strek
land; Oyster Bay, W. J. Bowman: Ozone Park, F. Ht.
Sawyer, Port Jefferson, Ht. i. Sintth) Port Washing
ton, G, BB. Dustuberre; Riverhead, A. Marsland;
Roslyn aod Searingwn, A. A, Clark; Sea Clg, G. W.
Carter; Setauket, Henry C. Millington, Smithtown,
Cireuit, W. EB. Sm Southold, H. b. Miler, Stony
brook, W. M. Panton; Whitestone, G, W. Gray; Wood
bury and West Hills, J. A. Churchill

BROOKLYN SOUTH DISTRICT

James S. Chadwick, Presiding Wider. Amity
ville First Chureh, HH. L. Glover; Simpson, B.S.
Wright; Babylon, Frederick  Stlehier, Baldwins,
G. L. Thompson; Bayport, G. T. Freeman; Bayshore,
H. W. Byrnes; Belimore, B. J. Curtis; Beliport, Wiillam
Dalziel; Diue Point W. Mobrinan; Bridgeham
ton, ‘Il. L. Prices. Hrooklyn- Bay Ridge, W *
Davison: Benson Avenue and Bensonhurst, ©. F.
Benedict; Blythebourne and Morris Park, M. P.
GniMn; Bullaio Avenue, SH. Smith; Cropsey Ave-
nue, J. HH, Slater, Eighteenth Street, Po AL Scofleld;
Embury Memorial, bb. M. ‘Tippie: Fenimore Street,
Cc, A. Knesal; First Place, Ee } Thorpe, Flauiands,
Cc. P. Comer, Fourth Avenue, R. W. Jones; Good
sell, . P. Christopher; Giace, C. S, Wing, Gravesend,
Howland Hill; Hanson Place, C. L. Goodsell, Janes,
C. PF. Bartholow, Lenox Koad, J. H. Hand: New York
Avenue, A. S. Kavanagh; Nostrand Avenue, .J. I
Willey; Hidley Memorlal, E. H. Duteher; Russell
Place, C. S. Willlams; St Paul's, W. M. Stonehtli;
Sheepshead Bay, Henry Medd, Sixth Avenue, WoW
Bowdish, Summerfield, J. Ko Thompson; Sumner
Avenue, H. H. Beattys; Warren Street, A. W. Byrt,
supply, and R. S, Hovey; Wesley, Gustave Laass;
Windsor ‘Terrace, Alexander McLean; Centre Moriches,
J.C. Munson; Bast Hampton, J. H. Leggett, Past
Moriches, H Hurnes; Post Quogue, B. FL Reed;
EKimont, James ‘Taylor: Freeport, James A. Mac-
Milian; Good Ground, Jordan L. Thompson, Isiip,
Edward Cunningham; Lawrenee, James Coote; Lyn
brook, Frank Marsiand; Oceanside, B.C. Miller, Jr;
Patchogue, John Rippere, Rockville Centre, W. M
Hughes; Saw Harbor, Re BL Norton; Sayville, H. S.
Sull, Seaford, Hobert Reedy: Southampton, W. t

“ofleld, Springfeld, John Drier Valley) Stream

sat; West Ha n, W. Bb. A. Gilman
Beach, IL Dubols; Woodmore,

Bh,

I
ton i

BROOKLYN MISSIONS,

vy, HL W. Eklund: Elim, C. PF.
, M. Fagies: Yonkers and Jersey ¢
Wilson, New York, Berman Young

AWUSEMENTS FOR METHODISIS,

Thornblad;
ty, N

Chicago Sentiment in Favor of Allowing
Card Playing, Theatre Going and Dancing.

Cricaco, April 11.-The Methodists of
Chicago, nilnisters as wellas laymen, are tn-
elined to indorse the action taken by the New
York East Conference at Danbury, Conn.,
yeaterday, looking toward a revision of
the rigid rules of the Church regardiug
eard playing and theatre going They say
there is no question but that the General Con-
ference, which wil! meet at the Auditorium the
firat week .in Moy, will be asked to strike
out that part of chureh rules prohibiting sneh
pastimes, and the subject will be one of the
topies to be diseussed by the Methodist Episeo-

al Preachers’ meeting on next Monday, The
Bay John P. Brushingham, D. D., of the First
Methodist Church said to-day

“It was John Wesley's rule that no amuse-
ments should be indulged in by members of
the Methouist Episcopal Chureh, exeept they
be acceptable in the name of our Lord Jesus
Christ, eaving the exact interpretation to cone
acrence of the individual, This was the rule of
Methodists until the act of 1872, which stated
specifically that certain amusements, such as
dancing, card playing and theatre going,
should be prohibited among members of this
Chureh

“LT consider the enactment of 1872 a great
mistake, | believe a great many conseicntious
young people are kept out of the Methodist
Church on aceountof the strict interpretation
put upon amusement”

John Farson of Farson, Leach & Co,, an
ardent follower Methodism, believes that
some modification of the rules of the Church
wWi'l be made at the General Conference

“The equal representation. of laymen may
bring about many revorms.” he said. “Thera
is no question that the strict discipline has
kept and is driving mony young people out of
the Chureh, It is almost as absurd for the
Church to say how the menibers shall amuse
themselves as to pass A rule compelling men to
bave their hair eut pompadour, or wear tooth-
pick shoes.’

¢

SIMPLER CREED WANTED,

Presbytery of Nassau Aske the General
Assembly to Pormulate It,

Nontuporr, L, [., April 11.—There wasa
lively discussion atthe Presbytery of Nassau
inthis place yesterday when the of
amending the ereed of the  Prosbyterian
Chureh was brought up, The majority of the
clergymen present Werain tavor of @ sitnpler
ere and thnally this resotation was adopted

Resolire], That itis the p er of the Pres-
bytery of Nassau that the General, Assembly
formulate a short and simple ereed that wiil
unite and not divide, and be acceptable to, the
Chureh,.”

Another resolution was adopted which reads

“Resolved, That the Presbytery of Nassau
sustiin the action of the Presbytery of New
York in dismissing the case of Dr. Meittert
and do pray that ituse its great influence to
promote peace and harmony of the whole
Charch

subject

LETTER FROM TUE REV, DR. DEWEY,
No Formal Acceptance Yet of Mis Call to
the Church of the Pilgrinis,

The Rev. Dr, Harry Dewey of the South
Congrewgationa! Church of Concord, N. H., who
has been called to the pastorate of the Church
of the Pilgrims in I *kiyn, has sent a letter
in response tothe call, and it will be readat the
services on Sunday, Der. Dewey expresses his
deep appreciation of the invitation to beeame
Dr. Storrs uee hut, it is understood,
does not give a positiveanswer, Hewil!! preach
at both services on Sunday, April 22, and will
] ceareinily over the tlaid ‘aching A
hus any

sor,

the church

‘
nu wom

bt but ie wil aceeprt

¢ 9999999999990 950000000000

ISA

Natural Minera! Waier

known for centuries and

Imported

ONLY IN BOTTLES.
For Disordered Stomach
and Indigestion,

Its value has been testified
to by thousands,

called Vichy tn Syphons
iS NOT VICHY.
Gret the Genuine,

Your Physician
Will recommen tt,
General Agency, 220 B’way,N.Y,

oe ae B ry pers) ae

‘ens ah

eee Ws

BY
oy
oN he EDL

bay

G Ak,

ay Law dup aakigae,

* RR

THE ONL
speciric FoR KIDNE

REV. DR HILLIsS’S FXAMPLE,
Presbyterian Ministers in Brooklyn Take
Exception to Confession of Faith,

The recent action of the Rev, Dr. Hillis of
Plymouth Church in repudiating some of the
tenetsof the Westminster Confession and with-
drawing from the Chicago Presbytery has had
the effect of eliciting statements in reference to
the disputed doctrines from Presbyterian min-
isters in Brooklyn, The Rev, Dr. Theodore L,
Cuyler, the venerable retired pastor of the La-
fayette Avenue Church, said: “There are mat-
ters connected with the Confession of Faith in
which I do not believe, For instanee, Ido not

accept the doctrine of preterition, nor that
referring to elect children, It is roolishness
to suppose that babes are going to brimstone.”

The Rev, Dr, David Gregg, Dr. Cuyler's: sua-
cessorin the Latayette Avenue Church, sald:
“The Presbyterian Churea needs a new and
simple creed. — Though | am a conservative
Presbyterian, I say that some of the items of
the Confession of Faith, on which the Presby-
terian Church stands, are dead. 1 especially
object to the doctrine of preterition and that of
elect children, [ believe in the universal sal-
vation of all children,”

‘The Key, Dr. Johu F. Carson of the Central
Church said: “lL aceant the Confession as a
system. Labhor some statements in the Con.
fession, The doctrine of reprobation is not
Seriptural, as 1 understand the Word, The
implied teaching as to elect children is not
only not Seriptural, but is not human, The
clear teaching of the Bible is that all those
dying in childhood are saved through the
atoning sacrifice of Jesus Christ. There are
many other detaiia that men do not accept
think, however, that the old Confession should
remain as it ia and be allowe! to lie on the
shelf, where it has been for yenrs as an historic
document, _lean see no reason for the present
agitation. Itis wholly unealled for.”

EXPLOSION IN HAVANA HARBOR,

Steamer Gutheil's Boller Blown Up, but the
Ship Was Not Badly Damaged,
Special Cable Despatch to ‘THe SUN.

Havana, April 11.—A boiler of the steamer
Gutheil, from Philadelphia, exploded at mid-
night Jast night as the vessel was lying at
anchor off Regia, Two men were scalded.
The explosion caused much excitement tn
Regia, visions of the Maine disaster rising be-
fore the people. A tank of oflon the deck of
the steamer caught fire, but the oil burned
without damaging the ship, which to-day ts
taking cargo aboard,

To-day is the last chance Spaniards will have
to register under the provisions ofthe Treaty
of Paris in order to retain thelr citizenship.
There was nogreat desire manifested to reg-
ister. Every man who presented himself in
this city succeeded in getting his name on the
rolls, The last applicant was photographed,
The total registrations approximately number
60,000,

AGREES TO

Premier's Declaration About the Crusade
Against Religious Orders,

POPE FRENCH POLICY,

Cable Despatch to THR SUN

ns inthe
tho ree
Waldeck-Rousseau de-

S peciat
Panis, Aprilll.—In reply to 4
Chamber of Deputies to-day
ligious orders Premier

ueatl

about

so intolerable that it was necessary
against them. He stated that the Pope agreed
that something must be done,

M. Méline replied to the Premier, but his
speech scarcely received any attention and the
Chamber, by 75 majority, decided that Premier
Waldeck-Rousseau’s speech should be posted,

KUMASSE REVOLT CHECKED,

British Governor Reports That None of the
Other Tribes Is Affected,

Special Cable Despatch to TUE SUN
Lonvon, April 11.—Sir Frederic Hodgson,
Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the
Gold Coast Colony, under cate of April &,
cables to the Colonial OMleo from Kumassi that
he has prevented the outbreak among the na-
tives from spreading beyond the Kumasst
tribe, and that he hopes to announce shortly

that there is no fear of further trouble

TO COMMAND IN INDIA,

teport That the Duke of Connaught Will
Gio There,
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sus,

Simba, April 11.—It ts reported here that it is
provable that the Duke of Connaught, youngest
pon of the Queen, will sueceed tie late Gen,
Sir W. 8. A. Loekhart as Commander-in-Chief
of the British forces in India,

Queen's Thanktulness for Prince of Wales's
hecape,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Lonpon, April 11.—The Queen, through the
Court Circular, acknowledges the receipt “from
all parts ofthe world of congratulations from
those who share in her Majesty's deepest
thankfulness for the merciful  proteetion
granted her beloved children, the Prince and
Princess of Wales, from the great danger to
which they were recently exposed,”

sir William Overend Priestly Dead,
Special Cable Despatehto THe SUN

Lonpon, April 11.—Sir Willlam  Overend
Priestly, M. ., member of thle House of Com-
mons for Edinburgh and St. Andrew's univer-
sitios, died to-day,
was a fellow of many learned societies. He
was @ grand nephew of Joseph Priestly, the
celebrated chemist

Kipling Sails for Dngland,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun
April 11.—Radyard
from Cape Town for England to-day

LONDON,

Al SILVER

MUste DOLLAR'S,

Neighboring Resorts Listen, Envious
and Empty.

Stlent

Business has been bad in the resorts in the

Tenderloin since the police prohibited them |

from having any music, Among the places ao
prohibited was “Silver Dollar’ Smith's Cos-
mopolitan Club over the saloon at Thirty-
first street aod Sixth avenue, Last night
twodarkiesand apiano began to give acon.
ecortand the place Died up rapidly, some of
the Keepers of Lhe other resorts, such us the
Pekin, the e and the Tivoli, valled atthe
station ond asked the poviee why they couldn't
have ints Smith's cab vonki, Th got
little satis ion th ager of the Coa-
mopolitan Clubsald that iu his opinion it waa
all owing toa nustaukea that the music had ever
been stopped

ay

Reception to Pather B,J. MeCarty,

The members of the Ladies’ Catholic Benayo.
lent Assuciation of St. Augustine's parish in
Brooklyn have made arrangements to give the
Rev. EJ. MeCarty, the re i farewell rp
ception on April 24, the even «departure on
the bie pilsrimage te , The reception
will be held in the roonss S. Grant Post,
inthe Johnston bb hing

“lf You See It in ‘The Sun,’ It's So."

Thos is usually astrueof an advertisement as

of a nows or editorial statement,—Adv,

aE ee a

sch

wn

oe

‘OR LIVER

elared that the congregations were beeoming |
to act |
| etreet he was crowded off the platform and fell
| on his heat in the street

 

He was born in 182), and |

‘ipling sailed |

 

Paes
ES.

1O8T FIRE DOG FUUND,

But the Man Who und It Says It's His
Mr. Seligmwan's Supposed Gift.

Three weeks ugo a man named Witthaus
called at Engine Company & in East FVifty-
first street and told Capt. Henry Friel that he
came from Jefferson Seligman of 11 Last Sixty-
ninth street, whose card he presented, He suid
that Mr. Seligman wanted to give the engine
company a coach dog that was of considerable
value, but possessed one blemish, Ono of
its eyes was yellow and the other was dark,

The firemen accepted the dog and became
greatly attached to it. On Tuesday one of the
firemen took the dog out fora walk and the
animal disappeared. The flremen advertised,
offering a reward, Last night T. J. Frawley, a
liveryman of SOL Sixth avenue, called at the
engine house and said that he hadthe dog, but
that he intended to keep it. . .

“T had that dog for two years,” said Mr,
Frawley, “and he isthe son of the ehamplon
tire dog of the city that used to hang out with
engine. Three days before that dog came to
you he_ mysteriously disappeared. from my
place, Twill give you another dog if you want
one, but you can't have that one,”

LITTLE BOY KILL#KD IN THE STREET,

Didu't Want to Be Led Over a Crossing by
His Elder Sisber.

Rosle Schwartsky, 12 years old, of 273 Hud-
son street, took herntine-year-old brother Isaac
out shopping yesterday, As they were cross-
ing West Broadway Isaac rebelled at the way
HKosie was leading him across the street,

“Let go my hand,” he said, “I'm not @ baby
and can get across all right.”

To humor the boy Rosie went on ahead. Be-
fore Isaac could reach the sidewalk an express
wagon dashed alone and knocked down the
boy. He was inatantly killed. The driver
whipped up his horses and managed to escape,
The police jater arrested Michael Trobert of
xi) Delancey street, who they sald was the
driver and locked him up.

OFFERED $1,000 FOR AN OFFICE,

Citizen of Boston Writes to Mayor Hart
Asking for a Place.

Roston, April 11.—Mayor Hart has had an
offer of a bribe of $1,000 for an appointment to
one of the highest salaried places within his
power. Several days ago a letter was recelved
from a citizen of Boston making this proposi-
tion. The Mayor's secretary took the letter
and immediately notified the writer that he
had committed a criminal offence, He asked
the writer to call and take his letter away,
The writer appeared atthe Mayor's oftiee yos-
terday and proved to be aman well along in
years. The man @uid he believed he was doing
What others were doing who got desirable
offices in the municipal departinents, und he
was indignant when the gravity of his offence

yas pointed out to him

CROWDED OFF THE CAR

PLATFORM,

Serious Accident to a Boy Who Had Given
Up His Seat to a Woman,

oo7

Joseph Lobsenz, 108 years old, of East
11)th street, accompanied bya girl of about
the same age, started for the circus last
night They boarded a Fourth avenue
car. The ear became crowded, and Lobsenz
gave up his to & Woman and
went out on the At Thirty-fourth

sent
latform,

He was taken to
Bellevue where it was suid that his skull was
fractured and that he would not live ten hours,
His father and mother stayed at his bedside
through the night, The father is Theodore
Lobsenz, a ladies’ tailor,

IN BPRONT OF A TROLLEY CAR,

Margaret Meyer Struck by the Fender and
So Hurt That She May Die,

VELL

Margaret Meyer of 2246 Seventh avenue, ex-
pensively dressed and wearing much Jewelry,
gotoffan uptown Eighth avenue car at Listh
strevt yesterday morning, staggered and fell

across the downtown track just as a car ap-
proache!, Vhe motorman managed to stop
the car before she was carried under it, but
she was hurt badly bya blow from the fender,

| She was taken to the J. Hood Wright Hospital,

and it was suid there that her skull was frac.
turedand that she would probably die, The
police did not arrest the motorman

Big Sale of Zine and Lead Mines,

Joptinx, Mo,, April 11.—The South Side Min.
ing and Milling Company's eighty acres of zine
and lead mineral land at Galena, Kan,, con-
taining ten mills and fifteen producing mines,
were sold to-day to Henry Seeley of a London
syndicate for about $500,009, The purchasers
will organize a $17,000,000 stock company to
operate the mines and will erect a 500-ton mill
and do the deepest mining ever done Inthe
Missouri-Kansas zine belt. The syndicate is
purchasing zine properties extensively,

W. L. Elkine’ Horses Sold,

Thirteen horses belonging to W. L. Elkins of
Philadelphia were sold ljast night by W. Db.
Grand at tho American Horse Exchange.
Not one of Mr Eikins’s best show
horses was included in the collection andthe
prices received for them were not very high,
though the animals brought good values under
the hammer, Richard F.Carman paid $1,200 for
the dock-tailed trotters C and Kelipse,
This wasthe higheat price the sale. H, C
Hoskier's well-known show horses Lieutenant
Witkes, Lientenant Weight and Lady Briiliant
were sold afterthe Fikins horses had changed
hands, ‘The trio brought $185, T. James pay.
ing the top price, $750, tor Lady Britiant. The
best sales were
Sunrise, Wg

set, b &., loadte

Jr, New S
Comet t

bg
Blaze, ch. &

AWA eh. &

Hoffmar
Sst bar

ymet

of

3'o hands, 6 year
nands, 7 years

years

7

New |
n
sew York
ter, &

ik
ley, New York
tern Sta

g

oa EE em ee
fs one cf the earliest hurbincers of ¢) Ring —an
equally sure indieation ia that feeling of lan

gald depreséion, any @wallows of i

Ki [ K ES hema

are best fora spring tonle—and fora suinmor
y Se nafor Saente. Weite for
free for inhele

mine Hor

Gram TD. Hires Co,
\ Valvern, Pa.

Post Office Hotiee. 7
Branch Offices of “THE SUN.”

Advertisements and Subseriptions may be leteat
these vtfices, where the rates will be Ue same
as those charged at the main 01:19,

NEW YORK CITY,
1205 Broadway,
Liv West 125th st,

LONG ISLAND CITY, N. Y.,
21 Borden Avy., E.N, Dodsan,

BOSTON, MASS.,
255 Washington St,, T. P, Harrison,

NEWARK, N. J.,

74 Broad St., PF, N, Sommer,

CHICAGO, ILL.,
BOS Stock Exchange Building, O.J. Dillsoa

COLORADO SPRINGS, COLO.,

Hagertoan Block, T. A. Thorne
eae

pest OFFICE NOTICE.

(Should be read DAILY by all interested as changes
may occur at any Um
Foreten mails for the week ending April 14, 190
will close (PROMPTLY in all cases) at the General
Post OMce as follows PARCELS POST MALLY
close one hour eariler than closing Ume shown below,
Parcels Post Malls for Germany close atS P.M. Mou
day and Wednesday, 2
PRANSATLANTIC MAILS.
THURSDAY At 7 A. M. for FRANCE, SWi
ZERLAND, ITALY, SPAIN, PORTUGAL,
TURKEY, EGYPT and BRITISH INDIA
wr steamship L'Aquitaine’, Via Havre oy all
for other parts of Europe must be directed “peer
steamship te ACINIAIHS OE atv A. M (SUuDpi®
mentary 1030 A. Mo for EUROPE, per steane
ship WKalser Friedrich*®, via Piymouth, (her
bourg and Hamburg. .
SATURDAY, At & A. M, for NETHERLANDS
direet, per steamship Maasdam, vla Rotterdam
(mall must be directed I ag steamship Maasdan’y
ato A. M. for ITALY, per steamship Werra,
vin Naples (mall must be directed Vil steaniship
Werra) at tl) A. M. for NORWAY direct, per
steamship Island, via Christiania (matl nose
be directed “per steamship Island"): at 1) 30
A.M, (supplementary 1 P.M.) for BURROW,
per sleainship Etrurfa®, via Queenstown,

"PRINTED MATTER, ETC..-German steamers
sailing on ‘Tuesdays take Printed Matter, ete,
for Germany, and Speelally Addressed Printed
Matter, etc, for other parts of Europe, Amer
fean and White Star steamers on Wednesdays,
German and Freneh steamers on Thursdays,
and Cunard and German stamers on Saturdays
take Printed Matter, ete, for all countries tor
which they are advertised to carry mall.

After the closing of the Supplementary Transation-
tie Matis named above, additional supplementary
malls are opened on the plers of the American
English, French and German steamers, ar
remain open until within Ten Minutes of the
hour of saliing of steamer.

MAILS FOR SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMER.
ICA, WEST INDIES, ETC.

THURSDAY. Atl P.M. for GOANTANAMD ana
MANZANILLO per steamship Santiago de Cuba;
atv P.M. for JAMAICA, per steamship Admiral
Sehley, from Loston.

SATURDAY, -Atizdo A. M. for NASSAT, No 1,
wr Steamer from Miami, Fla: at 6 A.M. for
IRAZIL, per steamship Handel, via Pernambuco
and Rio de Janeiro (mall for North Brazf! must be
directed “per Yandel’); at ® A. M. for MAK
TINIQUE, GUADELUPE, BARBADOS and
DEMERARA, per steamship Talisman, at 0 40
A.M. (supplementary 10 A. M.) for ST, THOM
AS, ST, ¢ Ror. LEEWARD and WINDWARD
ISLANDS, and DEMERARA, per steamsiip
Fontabelle (mall for Grenada and Trinidad must
be directed “per steamship Fontabelle"), at io
A. M. (supplementary 10:30 A, M.) for PORTUNE
ISLAND, JAMAICA, SA VANILLA, CAR
THAGENA and GREYTOWN, per steamship
Altal ‘mail for Costa Rica must be directed
pet Steamship Altai"); at 11 AO M. for
C)’BA, per steamship Saratoga, via Havana
(mall must be directed “per Saratoga’); at
1PM. for NUEVITAS, GIBARA, KARACOA
and PUERTO PADRE, per sipeniahip. tauen:
burg: at2 P.M. for LA PLATA COUNTRIES,
per steamship Riverton

Mails for Newfoundland, by rall to North _ Sydney,
and thence by steamer, close at this office dally
at*30 P. M. (connecting close here every Monday,
Weduesday and Saturday). Malls for Miquelon,
by rail to Boston, and thence by steamer, close
at this otfice dally at &:30 P.M. Mails for Cuba,
by rail to Port Tam Fla., and thence by steam
er, close at this office dally (except Monday) at
7 A.M, (the connecting closes are on Sunday,
Vednesday and Friday) Matis for Cuba, by
rall to Miaml, Fla, and thence by steamer, close
at this office every Monday, Tuesday and Satur
day att240 A. M., (the connecting closes are om
‘Tuesday and Saturday) Mafls for Mexico City,
overland, unless specially addressed for despatca
by steamer, close at this office dally at 2.380 A. M.
and 230 P. M. Malls for Costa Rica, Belize,
Pucrw Cortez and Guatemala, by rall to New
Orieans, and thence by steamer, close at chiles
office datly at §3 PB. M. (connecting closes here
‘Tuesdays for Costa Rica and Mondays for Belize
Puerto Cortez, and Guatemala) sHegistered
maif closes at 6 P, M. previous day. illegistered
mall closes at 6 P, M. second day before,

TRANSPACIFIC MAILS.

Malls for China and Japan, via Vancouver, close here
daily at 6:30 P, M. 4P to April $10, inclusive, for
despatch per seatients Empress of Japan (ree
tered mafl must be directed “via Vancouver’).
Malls for Hawall, China, Japan and Philippine
Islands, via San Franciseo, close here dally at
6:30 P. M. up to April $12, inclusive, for despatea
per steamship Dorie, Malls for Austraila (ex
cept West Australfa), New Zealand, Hawaii, Fin
aud Samoan Islands, via San Franctseco, close
here daily at 6:30 P. M. after March §31 and up te
April 614, inclusive, or on day of arrival of steam
ship Campania, due at New York April $14, for
despatch per steamship Moana Mails for China,
Japan and Philippine Islands, via Tacoma, close
here daily at @:30 P. M. up to April 919, for de
spatch per steamship Goodwin. fails for ( hine
and Japan and Philippine Islands, via Seatwe,
close here daily at 6:30 P.M. up tw April $19, for
despateh per steamship Riofun Maru Uegistered
letters must be directed “via Seattle”). ails for
Hawall, Japan, China and the Philippine Islan
tia San Francisco, close here dally at 6:30 P. M.
up to April §20, Inclusive, for despateh steam-
ship Nippon Maru. Matis for Hawall, via San
Francisco, close here datly at 6:30 P. M. up to
April $27, inclusive, for despatch per steamship
Australia) Matis for Australia (except West
Austraila, which goes via Europe, and New
Zealand, wiileh goes via San Francisco), Hawail,
and Fiji lslauds, via Vancouver, close here dally
at 640 P.M. up to April §28, inelusive, for de
Spatch per steamship Miowera,

‘Transpaciic malls are forwarded to port of sailing
dally and the schedule of closing is arranged on the
ymresuimption of thelr uninterrupted overland transit

PRegistered mall closes at @é P revious day

CORNELIUS VAN COTT, Postmaster.
Post OfMee, New York, N. Y., April 6, 1900,

Public Notices.

PUBLIC NOTICES.
STATE OF NEW YORK.
BOARD OF RATLROAD COMMISSIONERS,

ALBANY, April 2, 1900.
Application having been made to the Hoard «
Ralirond Commissioners of the State of New York,
by The New York and Brooklyn Uniow Transports
ton Company, for a certificate under section o9 of
the Railroad Lew, that the provistons of said section
have been complied with and that publicfconvenieuce
and a necessity require the construction of the appil-
eant’s ratiroad Nort E is hereby given that
& publle hearing on said application will be held t
this Hoard atthe Fifth Avenue Hotel (Parlors
in New York etty, on Wednesday, April 15, luvv, a8
10 o'clock \. M
The railroad proposed to be built by the applicant
Isto be a railway “of theordinary gauge, opernted by
compressed air or electrteity."’ [tis proposed t
said rallroad in a single tunnel, or two
nels, under the following streets, avenues .
private property and the Fast River
of Manhattan and Brooklyn, etty of New York. to
wit Commencin® ab a point under Canal Sitrect
Borouxh of Manhattan, ator near to the Junction t
t
i

epe
highway

1
in the borough

Sullivan, Varkek aod Canal Streets, thence unde
Canal Watts, Westand Vestry Streets back to Can
Street, thence under Canal Street to Bast roadway,
under it to Grand Street, under it to the Bast River
under it to Broadway, Brooklyn, under tt, Wythe
Avenue, South Eighth Street and Kent Aven
Brooklyn. Atornearto the Junetion of Canal, bast
Kroadway and Rutgers Streets, Borough of Man
hattan, braneh tunnels go under Kutgers Street
and Rutgers Slip to the Fast River, under itand
Adams Street, Hrooklyn, to High Street, under it, the
Piaze and Sands Street, back to Adams Street

by the board, JOHN S. KENYON, Seeretary

PUBLIC NOTICES =
STATE OF NEW YORK,
BOARD OF RATE ROAD COMMISSTOS FRY

ALBANY, , ie

\pril 2
Application having been made to the f vard of Hall-
road Commissioners of the State Now York by the
vew York, Brooklyn and Jersey City it 1 Transit
Goinpany, for a certificate ur ju of the
Railroad aw, that the provisi ection have
been lied wit ’ er
neces ! lon of the
railr
higo
thet
rhe

Jer section
ald
nl nda
plicant'’s
bite b
Hoard at
ew York elty,
"* A.M
y tl piteant is
gauge. operated by
itis proposed that
matntalned and oper
Lin the elty and
f ter
King n
its length

nty
and

rely n
whiea
will be

gh
ork af
tern

the Hh

rd, JOHN S. KENYON, Secretary,
—
PUBLIC NOTICE,
VATE OF NEW VoRK
RAILROAD OF MISSIONERS
iy. April 3
ew the
r State of New
Aveute Halle
section )
ise i

HOA Ob
1WOO
ard of
Yor
|

'

Varlot
York tity, @

o'clock PLM

at
KUNYON, Serco

sald apobie © i hy said t

Th. Bees FOC Avenue lel, New

Wednesday, April ts, foo
By the Board JOHNS

Ooluan
Char)
of the
debts
was fa
bia,”
peym
paid m
dy
he un
The
Ptituth
drawn
fs the
od if
hou!d)
e0ond
f ‘edu
recto
y thi
bent of
constit
@rnore

Gradu
Wiliam

Bs
SAAC
Under

fey, “04
Ol;
homa:
Vorthin
Capt,
he had
rra jug
Valter
fore {it
Poted
beriptia
Sekeall
thou
Week o

The L

Lonpd
the aus
Was adj
three of
rounds,
Lee and
between
foished

Ther

lack
Unaber,
pones .,
awrene
_. ee
OMA
fason.

Joeth
Halpern
Chess c
Greded

i’

othing,

ud rr

f
¢