et

iT ~

e
ni
D.

bD STREEP
STREETS.
osses and
ter thas
d Street
ed.
two buffet
leeping Ca@
tts ure.
d Cleveland
ED, --Pull
poking and
Clan Cane
St Lou
XPRESS
Loulsville),

rChicaga

ESS. --Foe
u, Louls

Pittsburg
Shenan-
cland, ex-

)!}man But-
Fast Lib
xcept Sum

UTH.
Cortlands
ing Car) A.
nit Stree
Parlor an
55 (Dinin
&: 25, &: 55
“Congres

ta), 3: 25,
"8 P.M.
25,425 P
AY.~--Foa

uy.
RSA ML

AY.—-7.88
DLK —7:58

.M. (Des
week days
arior Care

B Cortlands
P.M Sum

728,768
110 (Dee

hing ar),
Pam (Dep.
256, & 3
Can, 5:5
2 to night
(Limited),
‘5, (Dining
5 (Dintn

M.; lz]

lt and 261
third Street
and Cort
Street, o8
tion, Brook.
\ Transfer
gage from
tloa
nosylvania

oOoD,
fr Agent

ESS-—Pull-
Sleeping
Columbia,
i Augueta.

Dd, VIA
HRISTOL
Cars, New
nga, New
lee
D SOUTH-
op — Pull
Sleeping
fw Orleans,
Kpnoastille,
ro gervice.
San Fran-
ys. Ture
pnection,
n Buffet
ork to At
Savannah
sfor Nas
r servi
)ADWA

AS reer iiieaih
o—

K,

Vol, LXVIL—NO, 225,
——SS 7

BOERS ACTIVE IN NATAL,

prob ib! y AIMING 70 COT OFF
part OF BULLER’S FORCE

British Holding Their Position at Wepener
Under Heavy Fire--Pretoria Report In-
dicates That Methuen’s Advanced Col-
umn ts Fighting-No Sign of a General
Movement by Lord Roberta's Army.

Special Cable Despateh to THE SUN,

Loxpon, April 13,~The Boers continue their
active movements east of the railway from
Bloemfontein, but, with the exception of the
assvult on part of Gen, Brabant’s command
at Wepener, they donot appear to have attacked
atany point. The British still hold the rall-
way seourely, but though there are many signs
of an impending advanee, no move from Bloem-
fontein is a8 yet rep rrted.

\despotch from Aliwal North, dated April

1) egvs that Major Dalgetty is holding his

ancat Wepener despite the fact that the Boers

have placed (wo or three new guns in position,

The British are husbanding theirammunition,

thoy are said not to exeeed five hundred men,

Gen. Brabant with the bulk of his force being

at \iiwal North.

iHfoavy cannouading was renewed at Wepener
on Wednesday, The garrison is using the
Jommersharg Drift mill fora hospital, The
Joers respected the Red Cross flag and did not
f') that direction,

\ despateh from Pretoria states that heavy
capnonading Was heard on Wednesday in the
direct f Bultfonteta, thirty miles north:
weet of Drandfort, This seems to indicate
that Gen. Methaen’s force was engaged, but
no details have been recetved.,

{ooording to despatehes from Natal the
Pours vgain attacked the British positions at
Flandsiaagta on Wednesday and got within
touch of the outposts, Hifle fre resulted and
then there was an artillery duel of two hours,
atter which the Boers withdrew, There was
no lighting yesterday.

cho object of the Boers’ activity {n Natal
js pot yet obvious, Recent operations dis-
closed that their front extended for about
fifteen miles in a continuous range of
hills It is reported that on Wednes-
day night parties of
{n the direction of Dewdrop and Weenen, It is
siggested by some critics thatthe Boers are
aiming to cut off the British foree at Sunday
River from Ladysmith,

There is no direct news from Mafeking. The
Poly Mail says it understands that private
telegrams have been received in London point-
ing out the seriousness of the situation of the
bealeged town and emphasizing the need of
the speedy relief.

The Daily Mail's correspondent at Lorenzo
Marques reports the departure on Thursday
of several fresh reernits for Pretoria, including
a brother of Col. Do Villebols Marouil, the
French officer on the Boer staff who was re-
cently killed while leading a scouting party.

A despatch tothe Times from Bloemfontein
says that the latest news received from
Wepener was to the effect that Major Dalgetty
was holding a position outside the town, which
itaelf ig occupied by the Boers’ Rouxville com-
mando. The correspondent says that pressure
should be partially relieved in the next
twenty-four hours.

4 Cape Town despatch reports the arrival
there on Tweeday of Strathcona’s Horse, which
was recruitedin Canada, The mea are well,
but an epidemio of pneumonia carried off 160
horses belonging to the troop,

The Times's Bloemfontein correspondent con-
firms Tne Sun's despatch reporting the death
of the Dutch military attaché with the Boers
from the effects of an operation performed in
the hospital at Bloemfontein,

owna

THE RUMOR ABOUT BADEN-POWELL,

Pretoria Hears That He Is Dead or Dying
of Fever.

Special! Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
From THR Sun's Correspondent at Pretoria.

Pretorta, April 10, via Lorenzo Marques,
Aprfi12, 7A, M.A despatch from Kroonstad
dated April 10 states that Smithfield has been
reoceupled by the Free Staters and that the
British troops are retreating in the direction
of Aliwal North,

Gen, De Wet has surrounded another British
division in the vicinity of Wepener. There was
heavy fighting yesterday | Monday).

Despatch riders from the Boer head laager at
Glencoe, Natal, send news that at daybreak to-
day Gen, Louis Botha made a dashing attack
onthe English camps at Elandslaagte, Heavy
cannon and rifle fire was heard for several
hours. The result is not yot known.

Contirmation of the reported killing of Gen
de Villebois Mareuil while scouting between
Poshof and Kimberley haa been received here.
The news has created profound sorrow. If It
{se possible to do so, the body wili be brought
here to receive national honors.

A rumor {s current in Pretoria that Col.
Baden-Powellis either dying or dead of fever
at Mafeking.

BOER PEACE TERMS,

Want Guarantee of Negtrality and Offer
Complete Disarmament,
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN,

Naries, April 12.—The Boer peace envoys,
Messrs. Wolmarens, Fischer and Wessels, have
gone to Milan, Dr. Leyds, the Transvaal
dipomatic agent, has started from Brussels
for Milan to meet them.

CoLtogxg, April 12.—The Rhenish West-
Pholun Gazette says it learns from a source
Connected with the Transvaal Legation at
Brussels that the Boor peace commissioners,
bow on their way to Milan, are travelling under
Sealed orders, which contain the following
bases for peace overtures:

First—That the neutrality of the Boer re-
Dubos shall be assured under a guarantee
from the great powers of Europe and the
United States of Amertea.

second That the fortifleations of the two re-
bullies shall be demolished and the artillery
a other armament of both countries shall be
bbolished

BULIER'’S PRIISK OF HIS MEN,

Their Work During the Two Weeks Refore
the Relief of Ladysmith.
Special Cable Despatchto THE SUN,

Losnoy, April 13,—The Morning Poat prints
the folowing extract from a private letter
Witten by Gen, Buller on Mareh 3 paying a
tribute to the operations of the troops under
- umand preceding the relief of Lady-
eth

We bogan fighting on Feb, 14 and literally
f Veh? every day and nearly every night until
Fob. 27. Lam filled with admiration for the
British s yrs, The manner in which they
fought and Madured during the Jast fortnight
has been something more than human, They
Were broiled in the burning sun by day and
drenched by rain at night. Lying but 300
Yards from the en ‘my, who shoots you if you
show as much as a finger, they could hardly
ps r . ok by day, and as they were usually

thre nt tt night, thay got little sleep, but
‘deh it oll they were as cheery and wil-
lig A> they could be.”

Queen's Thanks for Ladysmith Defenders.
“recial Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

\pril 12.—The Queen has sent a

tothe men of the eruiser Powerful,

port oof the Ladysmith garrison,
then home and congratulating

t work. She adds: “L hope to see
Itivatter my return.”

Taster Hats at O'Neill's,

arf relard stylish. Imported and by their own de-
NYS Popular prices, 66h av, 206b to 2188 sh. —Ade,

Se eee

Boers were moving |

NEW YO

NO BI@ BRITISH MOVE UNDER WAY,

Roberts and Four of His Leading Generals
at a Band Concert in Bloemfontein.
Special Cable Despatches to Tut SUN.

From THE SUN's Correspondent with Gen. Roberts,

BLoEMFoNTEIN, April 12,—The observance
of the weekly half-holiday was re(stablished
yesterday. Gen. Roberts had the bands of the
Twelfth Brigade play in the market square in
the afternoon, and crowds were present to lis-
ten to the music. The residents were very
cordial and mingled freely with the troops.
Gena, Roberts, Kelly-Kenny, Colville, French
and Macdonald and other officers of the horse
and foot regimens looked on from the steps of
the clubhouse, The scene was a bright ono,
and the grim actualities of war wero pushed
into the background.

Lieut.-Col. Inigo R. Jones of the Seots Guards
has been appointed®to the command of the
Guards’ Brigade, with the rank of Brigadier-
General. Gen, Pole-Carew, the former com-
mander of the brigade, has been appointed to
the command of the Eleventh Army Division.

Lieut. Hix, the Dutch military attaché with
the Boer forees, who was wounded at the
tighting at the waterworks and who was
brought here and placed inthe hospital, died
to-day. He was wounded in the spine, and
after being brought here an operation was
performed and the bullet removed. Ho failed
to rally, however. Ho was burted this after-
noon with military heuors,

BLoeMFONTEIN, April 11.—The Chambers of
Commerce of Caps Town, Port Elizabeth and
Bloemfontein recently sent a joint petition to
Sir Alfred Milner, Governor of Cape Colonyand
British High Commissioner, asking him to re-
include the districts of the Orange Free State
in the Customs Union as rapidly as they are
occupied by British troops, When the war
proke out these districts were. of course, ex-
cluded from the union, Sir Alfrod agreed to
do 80,

Gen, Roberts has issued an order perinitting
atrain of twenty trucks of merchandise to

come into Bloemfontein. This will be the first ,

train of this kind that has been allowed to
enter the town since the oecupation by the
British. Hitherto only senger trains with
the personal belongings of the people on board
were allowed to come in.

The Fourteenth Ilussars have arrived by road
from Bethulie.

ACT OF WAR BY PORTUGAIT,

Boers May So Consider the Landing of
British Troops at Beira.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonvow, April 13.—Although there is no of- |

ficial confirmation of the statement that the
South African Republic has notified Portugal
that it will regard the latter's action in allow-
ing British troops to be landed at Belra as a
easus belli, there Is apparently good reason for
believing that such isthe case. The fact, if it
iva fact, obviously opens up possibilities that
will have a most important bearing upon the
present war.

If, says one of the Ministerial papers to-day,
the Boers take action against Portugal, Great
Britaln will not leave her ancient ally in the
lurch and will be bound to help defend Portu-
guose territory if requested todoso. Anysuch
active support will clearly entail the landing o!
a British force at Lorenzo Marques, and {tean-
not be imagined that this step will have any
other sequel than granting the British the use
of the railway to the Transvaal frontier.

The situation is attracting much attention on

the Continent, where Portugal's attitude is |
very generally regarded as a breach of neutral: |
ity under British compulsion. No official view |

ean, however, be quoted,

Portugal's defendera base their approval of |

her action on the treaty of June, 1801, which,
they contend, not only grants the right of

absolutely unrestricted passage of Britishsul- |

jects and British goods through the Portuguese
colonies, but concedes reciprocal terms to Por-
tugal,
construed in the light of anctent treaties of al-
liance and guaranteo under which the reia-
tions between (ireat Britain and Portugal are

of reculiar intimacy, the two powers having an |

identity of Interests which, under certain cir-
cumstances, preclude a strict application of the
neutrality laws,

There is a suggestion which is not supe
ported, however, by any direct evidence that
troops now embarking at Durban, under com-
mand of Gen, Hunter, aro destined for Delagoa
Bay and not Cape Town, as bas been reported.

PEACE PARTY AT CAPE TOWN,
Now Suggest No Alternative to the Annexa-
tion of the Republics,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

From Tne Sun's Correspondent at Cape Town.

Cape Town, April 12, 11:20 A. M.—The peace
party shows signs of renewed activity and
petitions asking that the war be stopped are
being extensively circulated

It is notable that noalternative to annexation
of the two republics {s suggested,

ROOM ON IN HORSE MARKET,
Not Only Is John Bull Purchasing Animals

Here, but Uncle Sam Is Also Buying.

Lovisvinve, Ky., April 12.—Hudson Brothers,
dealers in horses and mules, announce that
they have received word from Chicago of an
intended visit to Louisvillg of a party of Eng-
lisharmy ofcers who afe buying horses for
British cavalry use. Notless than 10,000. and
perhaps as many as 35,000, horses for military
service in South Africa are to be purchased by
the British Government, These purchases
will be made principally in Chicago, Louisville
and Buffalo, Hudson Brothers sald this morn-
ing that this market !s now abundantly
equipped with good stock awaiting inspection,

Besides the prospective trade with England's
representatives. Louisville is now enjoying &
brisk trade with Uncle 8am,who is buying
cavalry and artillery horses by the hundred
and sending them to the Western army posts.
Good cavalry horses are easily bringing from
$80 to $125, according to size and condition,
and artillery horses are fetching even higher
sums, Thelocal horseand mule market has
not for years enjoyed such prosperity as it now
exhibits.

Curcaao, April 12.—Agents of the British
Government will begin buying horses in the
Chicago marke ton Saturday. Agents of local

horse dealers have heen scouring the middle
Weat fur several days !n anticipation of the
coming of the Britisn buyers and the collec-
tion at the stock yards has already heann,
When the sale begins the Chicago market will
be the liveliest in years, If it is noasthle, the
army men dealre to collect the horses at the
rate of 5,000 a week. As none but sound
animals are to be aceepted by the British In-
apectors good prices will be seourad,

LEECH SERIOUSLY ILL
National Union Bank's Cashier Opernted
On for Appendicitis,

Mr. Edward O, Leech, cashier and Second
Vice President of the National Union Bank at
2% Nassau street, underwent an operation for
appendicitis at Mount Sinai Hospital yesterday

afternoon,
Mr. Leech lives with his family at the Hotel
San Remo. He was taken ill suddenly on

Wednesday evening with abdominal pains
while preparing for dinner. Dr, Arpad G,
Gerster was called in and ‘eciared, alter mak-
ing a carefu) examination, that the patient
wan suffering from acute appendicitis, and
thatan early operation would be necessary to
save hia life.

The operation was resolvedon,and Mr, Leech
waa taken to Monnt Sinal Hospital yesterday
morning. Dr. Gerster performed the opern-
tion atl P.M. Last night the doctors at the
hospital said Mr. Leech was gettingon finely

ENWAikpD 0,

The Weat 23d Street Station
Of the Pennsylvania Rallroad Is the gateway to een-
tral and upper Manhattan, A compicte cab service
and diverging lines of cars do the rest.~Ade,

It !s further contended that the treaty ise

FRIDAY, APRIL

UNION TELEGRAPHERS TRY 140 TIK
UP 6,000 MILES OF RAILROAD,

Operators Ordered Ont Along Ail the Di-
visions—Passenger Trains Seem to Be
Running Gonerally Delay in Freights
—Railroad Officials Say There Will Be
Little Trouble-Strikers Assert That the

|  Rond WU) Be Crippled Only a Small Pere
centage of Operators Belong tothe Union
|
‘

Cuartanooca, Tenn, April 12.—President
Powell of the Order of Telegraphers has or-
dered a strike of the telegraphers on the
Southern Railway system, Tho order was
sent over the wires this morning. Trouble
has existed between the  telegraphers
and the Southern Railway officials for
sometime, Of the OO or more telegraphers
employed by the Southern on its 6,000 miles of

| railway between Washington to Greenville,
Miss., it is said that only about 10 per cent, bee

| long to the un‘on, but it is evident that some
non-union telegraphers onthe road are in sym=
pathy with the movement as many of them
walked out after the receipt of President Pow-
ell's order,

To-night it is imposaible to tell what effect
the strike will have on the operation of the
Southern'’s linos. The company has suc-
ceeded in filling some of the strikors’ places,
but is experiencing considernble incon
venience in operating trains,

Four divisions of the Southern Railway radi+
ato from Chattanooga—the Knoxville division,
the Atlanta division, the Memphis division and
the Birmingham division. To-night all the
passenger trains on these divistons left on
achedule time, Lut freight trains are being
operated irregularly, On the Alabama Great
Southern Railway the freight trains are being
operated at six miles an hour in order to avoid
collisions.

The strike is being directed from thia point
by A.B. Stillwel! of St. Louis, chict assistant to
President Powell. He says that all the union
operators have complied with President Pow-
ell’s orderand he predicts that the Southern
system will soon be tied up unless the oMcials
yield,

The principal cause of the strike is the fail-
ure of telegraphers to secure the restoration of
&10 percent. cut made in their wages several
years avo. The matter has been discussed
with the Southern officials, but they did not

,; come to w decision, as they
treat with the telegraphers as individuals,
and not as members of the unton,
The telegraphers recently appointed a
committee to confer with division euperin-

tendents regarding their grievances, but the
superintendents relused to meet them, saying
that they did not represent the telegraphers
on their respective divisions. The telegraphera
say thatthe eompany has restored the 10 per
cent. cut inthe salaries of all the employees
except the telegraphers. They also demand
shorter hours and official recognition of their
union.

the varlous grievances were submitted toa

vote of the telegrapuers on the Southern sys-

| tem by President Powell through correspond.
ence, and there was an overwhelming majority
in tavorofthe strike which has been ordered,
‘The railway officials do not belleve that the
strike willamountto much. They say that all
trains wilterunning regularly soon, aa they
hive made arrangements to fill the places of
ali the strikers with competent men, who have
been telegraphed to report for duty,

ATLANTA, Ga, April 12.—President Powell of
| the KRatlroad Telegraphers is in Atlanta look-
ing after the Southern strike, He says that
the effect will be at once to paralyze the busi-
ness on the 6,000 milea of the Pouthern sys-
He says that a great number of the
telegraphers have gene ont and. it will
be impossible to run the company’s trains,
J. 1, Edwardes, the chief clerk of Assistant
Superintendent Thompson, denied that the
trains would be tled up and said it would be
perfectiv feasible to operate withont the
services of the union operators, He said that
no lines had been blocked so far as he had
heard an’! he believed the road would be able
to get teicgraphers In piace of the strikers,

President Powell’s order to the operators
wus:

| tem.

“Atranta, Ga, April 12.
“To All Telegraphera Employed on the Southern
Railway

“Purn your board red and qult work at 11
o'elh ek to-day, Tuesday, April 12. Perform no
duty service of any kind, Stand firm and
Vv ctory is ours,

“W_V. Powern, President Order of Railroad
Telegraphors.”

Since the order went out over the wires tele-
graph messengers have been flowing into his
room with messages in answer to tho order,
The messages are said to he from the opera-
toraon all lines of the Southern, declaring
that the men will atand firm, i ¥

Train 38, the Washington and New York
vestipuled limited, which leaves Atlanta at
noon, pulled outof the Union depot on time.
Whether it) will be held up by_the red
hoard is a matter of conjecture. President
Powell of the telegraphers’ order said
ral!way telegraphers are  senree and
that it would be impossible for the
roatto hire men inthe place of the operators
who walked out this morning. “I have re.
quests from several roads for numbers of
operitors,”’ he said, “and eannot flad the men
forthe jobs. The Southern cannot get men in
the places of our men,”

The turning of the red board at the stations
means that all trains must come to a stand-
still—freight traina, passenger traina and work
trains allke--uniess the road officials in some
way get orders to the trainmen aloug the line
to disr- gard the rel board and proceed to their
destivation,

Mr. Powell said at noon that bis order. had
tied up the trains on the Alabama Great
fouthern division of the. Southern, whieh
rans from Chattanooga to Meridian, Misa; on
the (nattanooga division, on the Chariotte
division, with the other divisions to be heard
trom

Preatdent Powell in a statement issued to the
public from here to-day saya in part:

“Thave inaugurate 4 strike of the telegraph.
ers on the Southern Kailway. effective to-day,
April 12, at 11 o'clock. This action was made nece
essary by the refusal of the company to treat
with its employees inthe telegraph department,
‘The men made every honorable effort through
thelr committees to reach an amieable and
peaceful settlement of the trouble. Instead
of treating with the men the company
wawed an outrageous secret warfare on the
telegraphers, discharging the men who dared
to stand up for their fellows, I realize
fully the responsibility of eae action, and de-
sire to say to the general public that itis only
taken after patience ceased to be avirtue and
otly after it was clearly demonstrated that the
Southern faliway officials had no intention of
doing Justice to their employees.”

J. L, Edwards, enief clerk to Aast, Gen. Supt.
Thompeon, said to-night that few men have
obeyed Poweil’s order. He says:

“All passenger and freight trains on the likes
out of Atlanta are ruoning on time. I judge
from this that none of our despatchers has
left his post. Mr Hodges, our chief
despateher, said he hasavar of operators out
on the Greenville division, and that all
the places vacated will be fliledatonee. He
says he haa three times as many applications
as he has jobs to fill. The strike cannot be
euecessful in tying up the road. We have
many operators at other work who will go to
therkeyboards in apinch. There ure twenty
op-rators in the Seuthern’s offices in Atlanta
who will goto work again as operators if they
are neeled.”

Macon, Ga, April 12 —The situation inthe
strike of the Southern tolographere is quiet
here, Passenger trains are belug overated on
regular schedules, and ao far as can belearned
the main offices in this division of the road are
Open.
Dames Perry and Holton; two stations on the
Columbus division and the yard offlve at Macon
are Closed

NON-UNION MAN ATTACKED,

Rareton, N.C, April 12.—When the South.
ern atrike took place the company was com.
pelled to send operatorson oufgoing passen-
jrer trains froin this city. 8 O, Barbee,
an operator who — left here on the
morning mail, was s#ssaulted at Selma
by a party of fifteen. Barbee was dragged
from the cabof theengine where he was rid-
ing jie fashe | his pistol and was supported
by a railway oMcial who shoved a couple of
pistols toward the crowd. Thia hat a good
effect and Barbee was permitted to climb
ou the engine when the train pulled out.
The strikers have had possession of the
Southern’s telegraph offlee at Selma ali day.
To-night Gov. Kusgell sent special deputies to
protect the railway employees, The railroad
telegraph Wires nearthere were cut thie afters
noon Vo-nig@ht all trains are operated over
this division of the Southern without inter-
ference

CoartoiTe, N.C, April 12.—Many telegraph
Op rators niong the ilne of the Southern Ralle
way went on strike at LL o'clock to-day, Nearly

You wont have to mortgage your house to buy an
Baster i'gg of Hope 41 Nassau street ~Ade

13, 1900

STRIKE ON THE SOUTHERN, |

desired to}

| reflecting on Dr, Hall b

Two stations on the Atlanta division, |

|

.— COPYRIGHT, 1900,

all trains on the matin line are to-night
reported from one to four hours late,
and the operators say that the ays-
tem is well tied up, Railway officials,
however, say that everything iy moving ull
right, but it [9 am fact that few tralns are on
time. Division Superintendent Ryder of Char-
lotte says that his offices are all open and
operators om duty. From Charlotte to
Columbla, 107 miles, nearly all the operators
are reported out, whilo on other branches
few men are ut work,

CoLtumata, 8. C., April 12.—The strike of
telegraphers on the Columbia division of the
Southern Railway has proved, so far, a failure,
In this division there are about 650 iniles of
road, Only one man struck in Columbia anda
pew on the Columbia and Savannah tine, but
usiness ja not. inecommoded, Several men
who went out at 11 o'cloek this mornipa have
returned, An officer of the Orderot Railroad
Telegraphers is here,

Wasninoton, April 15.—Frank 8. Gannon
Third Vice. President and general manager ot
the Southern Railway, made the following
statement this afternoon in regard to the teleg-
raphers' strike:

About 5 per cent. of the men have thought
of no such thing as a grievance, There has
een no ‘disturbance and agents of tho
Order of Raliway Telegraphera have been
engage here for three years in trying
to get members. Recently the order pre-
sented to a committes of their own selection
rules, regulations and rates of pay which
Were unreasonable in the extreme, Mr.
Powell, President of the order, telegraphed to
Agents an! operators this morning to quit
work at Ll o’clock to-day, and 80 far about
twenty men onto? 1,400 seem to have gone
out, Thero is no disturbance and no delay
Whatever has been caused. atters ore
moving regularly,”

In reply to a question whether the road
would take any action regarding the strike,
Mr, Gannon said that provided any of tho
striking operators had had a good record, such
men would receive favorable consideration
upon applying for relastatement.

DR, JAMES R, COCKE FOUSD DEAD,

Well-Known Boston “ Hypnotist Surgeon ”’
a Suicide or Murdered—His Wife Detained,

Boston, April 12.—Dr. James R. Cocke, the
well-known biind hypnotist surgeon and
author, was found dead in his room
at 23 Pinckney street shortly after 2
o'clock this afternoon, a platol bullet
being the supposed cause of his death. His
wife, Charlotte Harrington, whom the doctor
made his third wife seven weeks ago,
is detained by the poliee to-night,
pending an autopsy by the = madical
examiner, The case is regarded as myate-
rious by the police owing to tha fact that
there were no witnesses to tell whetherthe man
died from his own hand or was murdered,

The woman, who was formerly employed as
& clerk In Dr. Cocke's office, was in the
house at the time he met his death,
but a report of the affair did not

reach the police until after 8 o'clock
to-night, At that time, over five hours

after the man had been discovered dead,
two lodgers in the same house came
to station three and reported that there had
been a suicide at 23 Pickney street.
Mrs. Cocke says that she did not leave the
house untiiafter 7 o'clock thisevening, when
she went out to send a despatch to some friends
tn Washington and at the sametime to pay a
visitto Dr. Dwight of Beacon street, reeking,
she says, advice as to what to doin the case.

This fallureon the part of Mra. Cocke to
notify the authorities and other detaila of
the story she tells made the _ police
suspicious and resulted in the woman
being detained. Dr. Cocke, {tn addi-
tion to being blind, had both feet
paralyzed. His wife says that they were ex-
pecting some friends from Washington this
afternoon and that she kept running down to
the door to see if they had arrived.

On returning from one of these visits, Mra.
Cock» says that she found the doctor sitting in
& rocking chair with blocc runa'ng from
his mouth and nose, In his lap
was 8 revolver with one shell empty
She says she picked him up, put him in the
bed, and tried to force whiskey down his
throat. Failing to revive him, she washed
the blood from his face and remained in the
house until shortly after 7 this evening.

‘he woman told a story about the doctor and
herself being agents for the Russian Gov-
eroment and for this reason she
thought it best to send her tele-
grams before taking any action as to the
dispoaition of the body. As s00n as the police
wore notified a physician examined the body,
but could find no bullet wound upon it. He
was of the opinion that death had been caused
by a bullet fired into the mouth,

Dr, Cocke was one of the best known allen-
fatsin the country. His work in the fleld of
hypnotism and his books upon the subject aro
called standard. Ho had alao lectured widely.

Dr. Cocke had made technical scientific tests
of hypnoties before learned bodies and had
been honored by tributes from Russia, France,
Germany and England, Although entirely
blind almost from infaney, he was considered
one of the most powerful experta in hypno-
tism known. He was graduated from Har-
vard University school of medicine in June
1892, and it is said that he received
V8 per cent, upon his examination in practical
anatomy. He was the author of many books
upon hypnotic subjects, among them “Hypno-
tism, Its Uses and Dangers,” “Mind in Modern
Medicine,” “Hypnotism in Surgery,” and an
interesting book upon “Blind Leaders of the
Blind,” ;

His first wife was Carrie Green of Springfield,
and in December, 1883, he wedded, as a sup-
posed bachelor, Ellie Townsend of Hartford,
Conn. The second wife sued him and his first
wife for conspiracy in keeping their wedlock
secret, Divorces ensued in the cases of both
these wives. He was 37 years old and his third
wife is about the same age.

REQUIUSCUNT,

A Too Inclusive Scriptural Text on the Dr.
John Hall Tablet.

There is a discussion amounting almost to a
seandal in the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian
Church over the tablet recently placed in the
vestibule in memory of the Rev. Dr. John Hall.
The text of Scripture which is inscribed on the
tablet has caused much comment in the church

and outside of it, and there are not a few of the
congregation who feel that something should
be done to modity the work of the committee
that had the preparation of the tablet in charge.
A well-known member of the congregation
said yesterday :

“O) course nono of us believes that the com-
mittee orany member of it had any idea of
selecting that inserip-
tion. But the hundreds of men and women
who have belongel to the congreszation in Dr.
Hall's time hate to feel that the only memorial
to him is to be a tablet that cannot but provoke
a smile on the face of every vieitor to tha
church. Theehurch had altogether too much
of the attention of the general publie the
months just preceding Dr. Hall's death to
endure another commotion just now for any
cause, andit may be for that reason, that noth-
ing will be done about this tablet if the con-
mittee show a disposition to_ stick to their
very unfortunate selection. But we will not
let itremain forever, That is certain.”

The tablet {se on the wall of the vestibule of
the church, atthe right of the principal door,
It is thus inseribed:

: Rev, JOHN HALL, DOD, LL. D.
horn County Armagh, Ireland,
July 41, 1829
Died County Down, ireland
September | /, 14048
For forty nine years
A_Presbvterfan Minister,
Pastor of this Church
From Nov. 3, 1267, to Sept. 17, 1898
* There remaineth therefore a rest
to the people of God."

Lightning Kills a Schoolboy.

Norroc, Va., April 12 —During a rain and
hail storm to-day lightning struck the frame
publie achoo!l hotfse at Currituck, twenty-five

miles aouth of Virginia Beach. Thomas O'Neill,
a pupil, was instant y killed and another boy
was burt mortaily. The buliding caught fre.

Keiy Upon Platt's Chlorides
fog household disinfection. Udoriess and cheap —Adq

BY THE $

|

|
|
|
|

NO DOUBLE DECK TURRETS.

IWPORTANT ACTION OF
BOARD

THE NAVAL
ON CONSTRUCTION,

Ly a Vote of 4to 1 They Adopt a Battery | day.

Arrangement for the Battleships— Eight-
Inch Guns Increased From 4 to 8, to Be
Mounted tn 4 Turrets, 2on Each Beam.

Wasnixoron, April 12.—By a vote of 4tol,
Rear Admirals O'Nell, Melville and Hichborn
and Capt. Sigsbee voting in the affirmative,
and Rear Admiral Bradford in the negative,
the Naval Board on Construction to-day
adopted a new battery arrangement for the
battleships Pennsylvania, New Jersey and
Georgia, authorized by Congress at its last
session, While the vote was had on
the question of the addition of four 8-ineh
guns to the maln battery, making eight guns of
that calibre on each ship, the principle of the
adoption of turrets of the suparimposed type
forthe new vessels was involved, Rear Ad-
miral Bradford advoeated the Installation of
superimposed turrets and opposed the battery
arrangement proposed, because it did not pro-
vide for mounting the big guns in structures
of that character,

The session was devoted almost wholly to a
discussion of tho composition and arrange-
ment of the main battery of these powerful
and fast armorclads. A proposition that the

|
|

Showers, followed by fair to-day,

UN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

MARRIVI 1¥ TELEGRAPH,

Bride Was in Oklahoma and the Bride-
groom and Minister in Kansas,
Kansas Crry. Mo, April 12.—Andrew M.
Candell of Washington D. ©, and Penelope
Cundiff wore married by telegraph on Thurs-
Mr. Candell waa in Kansas City, Kan.,
and wanted Miss Cundiffto leave her home in
Perkins, Oklahoma, and come to Kansas to
marry him. Misa Cundiff's parents did not
waut herto leave homo until ahe was a bride
and the idea of being married by telegraph

was suggested.

Mr. Canidell went to tho Probate Judge's
office and secured the marriage license. He
then went to the telegraph office in company
with the Rev, Albert H. Linder, pastor of the
London Heights M. FE. church; Joseph Cripe,
his brother-in-law, and Miss Anna Epperson.
The telegraph office at Perkins was signalled
and the answer came back that the young lady
was there. Then the Rev. Mr, Linder sent
this message:

“Mr. Candell and Miss Cundiff, do you
mutually agree to be joined together In mar-
ringe?”

Miss Cundiff answered: “Yes.” The bride-
aroom, who was standing by, answered {n the
affirmative and the minister sent another
message which read: “I therefore rronounce
you man and wife.”

WAS CAPTIVE ON A FENCE,

TRAMP

number of 8-inch guns be increasod beyond | Pog Held Him a Prisoner—Caused Him the

the number practically agreed on yesterday,
while retaining the powerful broadsides of
sixes, met with favor from all ex-
copt Admiral Bradford. This proposition
was that tho main battery be aug.
mented by increasing the number of
s-inch rifles from four to eight, to be mounted

Loss of a Night's Rest.

Reapino, Pa, April 12.—George Glasa of
Wernersville relioved a tramp of a great deal
of misery this afternoon. Glass had been out
over South Mountain and returning by a
lonely road came across a man astride a five-
rail fence. On the ground was a ferocious

in four turrets, two on each beam, thus giving | black and white hound barking and snarling

the new ships the sane number of twelves and
eights asthe Iowa. There has been no ques-
tion about the number of 12-inch rifles or
thelr arrangement, but it was believed hereto-
fore by some of the members of the board
that with the broadsides of twelve 6-inch
rapid-fire rifles, four oights would he
sufficient. To counterbalance, to some extent,

the additional wetght of the four extra eights | chased him the day before,

and two more turrets, the board may reduce
the broadsides from twelve to ten 6-inch rifles;
five Instead of six on each beam, Inthe main
battery each of the new ships will be superior
to the Iowa in having ten or twelve 6-inch rifles
to the Iowa's six 4-inch rifles,

The board discussed the successful tests of
the Strauss superimposed turrets of the battle.
ship Kearsarge, but there was no inelination
shown to adopt structures of that type for the
hattleships under consideration, Itis evident
that there is a disposition among members
of the board to damn the superimposed
turrets with faint praise, the principal rea-
son given for that attitude being that the
tests which have taken placa are of
liltie value in determining the comparative ad-
vantages of the superimposed over the ordin-
ary turret, and some members are not will-
ing to admit that the ordinary turret arrange-
ment {is inferior, There was no dispost-
tion manifested at to-day's

change the main battery arrangement of the ; 4re

new ehips so as to provide for two double-
deck turreta, one forward and ope aft,

each mounting two 12-inch and two &-inch
rifles. Some time age the board decided that
it would recommend the installation of ordi-
nary turrets on these vessels, but agreed to put
in the contract a proviecs that the battery ar-
rangement might be changed by the Navy De-
partment within six months alter the dato
of the execution of the contract go aa to permit

at the inan, who shouted to Glass that the
brute was mad. Glass halted and, when satis-
fled that the animal was afflleted, he got a
gun and killed the dog. In sheer exhaustion
the tramp fel!, and Glass thought he had killed
him.

When revived, the tramp said he had been on
the fence all night in terror of the dog that had
It was tho first
night's sleep he had ever lost,

CALLS SOCIETY WOMEN SOCIALISTS,

Their Crusade Against Sweat Shops we-
clared to Prolong a Tailors’ Strike,

Cntoaco, April 12.—Socialistic views enter-
tained by persons of wealth are declared by
President M. H. McCarthy of the Merchant
Tailors’ Association to constitute the chlof
cause of the prolongation of the strike in the
tailoring trade of the city. Because of the aid
and comfort extended to the strikers by such
crusaders against sweat shops as Mrs. Em-
mons Blaine, Miss Jane Addame of Hull House
and Mrs, Ellen M, Henrotin every attempt at u
settlement of the strike, according to Mr.
McCarthy, has been rendered futile. A severe
shock was experienced by President McCarthy

and others of the merchant tailors, when tt
dawned upon a delegation of them in confer-
ence with the women of the Oonsumers’

meeting to League that a majority of the women were and

out-and-out socilastics,”’ as Mr. MoCarthy
expresses It,

The discovery in regard to Mrs. Emmons
Blaine’s socialistic views wes particularly sur-
prising tothe delegations of tailors, none of
whom had 60 much as suspected that a daugh-
ter of the wealthy house of MoCormick had be-
come fascinated with the theory that socialism
wha the panacea for the industrial ills of the
time. rs, Emmons Blaine is one of the Vice-
Presidents of the Consumers League and ao
active worker in the organization. When tol

the aubstitution of euperimposed turrets, This | that Mr. McCarthy had asserted she was “an

provision will stand if the present sentiment of
the board does not change, Every action taken
by the board must be referred to the Navy
Department for approval, however, and tho
Beoretary of the Navy has the right tochange
apy pinns he may «ee fit.

Asthe detailed designs of the new vessels
will not be ready for six montha at least, more
than 4 year must olapse before the contractors
will reach the limitation of time within which
changes In the character of the turrets
may be made. If before that period of limita-
tion expires the superiority of the super-
imposed turrets on the Kearsarge should
be demonstrated in & way to satisfy the Navy
Derartment that they areadisticnt advance
over the ordinary turrets, the chances for their
adoption for the Pennsylvania and her sisters
must necessarily be improved, despite the pro-
fessional opinions expressed by members of
the Board on Construction. The next oppor.

tunity to judge of their value will be given |

when the Kentucky is tried. The trial will
take place shortly, :

While the action of the Board on Construction
to-day was not directly on the question of in-
stalling the Strauss turret on the new battle.
ships, it indicates, to sxy the lenst, that four of
the five members of the beara are not will-
ing to sanction the superimposed | type,
Of the four, only one, Rear Admiral
Hickborn, has come out flatly againat the
enporia peed structure. Rear Admiral Mel-
ville was regarded as favorably inclined toward
the new turret arrangement. The plans now
under consideration are intended alav for tha
two battleshins authorized by the Naval. bill
now before the House of Representatives,
Should these >attieships he authorized, they
wil! be constructed, If the board's desires are
followed, on the pians being drawn for the
Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Georgia.

The question of sheathing onme up at to-
day's session, but was not decided, Four of
the five members of the board recently advo-
cated the repeal by Congress of the provision
that the three battleships be sheathed, but the
Honse Committee on Naval Affairs haa re-
ported in favor of giving the Secretary of tho
Navy discretion in the matter,

TO FORM A FACTORY SETTLEMENT,

The Provident Realty Company to Start a
So-Called Altroistie Enterprise.

Trenton, N. J., April 12.-The Provident
Realty Company has been formed to establish
an altruistic factory aettlement at Belle Meade,
about twelve miles from this city. The com-
pany has already organized itself, secured a
charter from the Sveretary of State and elected
itaoMfcers, The President of the company is
John Guild Muirheid of this city. William G.
Moore, cashler of the Trenton Trust Company,
fe Treasurer and Seott Seanimel,a lawyer, is
Secretary and genera! counse!, The prime
mover inthe company ta William J. Robinson
of Red Bank, who ja the general manager of
the real estate départment of the
boeker Mortcage Company of New York, Thea
capital stock of the company is $450,000, of
which $150,000 |s treasury stock and guar-
anteedl ty the trustcompany. All the stock ia
maby paid up and non-assessable, ;

The pian is to start a settlement similar to
those of the Krupp Company in Essen, Ger-
many, andthe National Cash Register Com-
pany of Ohto. In this inatance, however, the
settiament will be made up of many small
manufacturers who find it impossible to ecom-
pete with their large contemporarias, tnateat
of one large concern. The buildings of the
settlement will be constructal so as to pro-
vide for emrloyees especially tha best possi-
ble surroundings, and it ia pronosed to erect a
number ot large buildings whieh will be given
over rent trea to manufacturers who are
eramped in lofts in New York and other c!ties.
JWENNFSSY’S WILLS,
Two Later Than the One Probated Have

Been Discovered,

Dusvere, Ia. Apri! 12.— Tho late Arch-
bishop Hennessy’s brother, Michael, has peri.
tioned the District Court to annul the Arch-
bishop's will dated Jan, 17 Inst, alleging that
two wills dated the following day and wit-
nessed by the priests who witnessed the pro-

bated instrument have been discovere | among
the Archbishop's papers and are attached to
this petition

AKCH BISHOP

|

|

!
|
|

Kutcker- |

| yoted unanimously guaiantes $70,000,

In the probated instrument the Archbishop |

gave his brother, sister and nieces three
Gvellinga only, the remainder of his

estate, except a iew small bequests, going to

vast |

the Catholic Univeralty, to the proposed sem). |

nary here and to re izious communities and

charities
regarding the estate of his brother, the late D
J, Hennmeasy of Sr
bishen fell beir, [tis understood that this ts
inentioned in the later [natruments, but the
witnesses cannot say whichof these larerin-
strumonta they signed last for this reason it
{s thought prohabe that the entire estate will
falitothe heirs at law

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!
Millions of bottles prescribed annually.- Ade

The probated instrament isallent |

Pau!, te whieh the Arch. | Church,

I

avowed Socialist,” she answered: “I have
nothing to say.” She deciared, however, that
she was in thorough sympathy with the anti-
sweat shop crusade of the Consumers’ League
and that ebe was connected officially with that
organization. Associated with her in the work
of the league are many of the leading society
women of the city whoare determined to put
an end to sweat shops in the talloring trade.

FE, BOUDINOT COLT FOUND DEAD,

Discovery Was Made There.

FE. Boudivot Colt, a director of the Equitable
Life Assurance Soclety, was found dead Inst
evening in a lavatory adjoining his private of-
flee in the Equitable building at 120 Broadway,
Death is supposed to have bean the result of
apoplexy, Mr. Colt came in from Newark yess
terday afternoon to attend a meeting of the
Committee on Finance, of which he was a
member, After the meeting he went to his
private office on the second floor to get his
things togohome, About 8o'clock, when the
offices had closed, a porter went into Mr. Colt’s
office to clean the windows and saw
Mr. Colt's overcoit and hat lving on the table.
He summoned James Griff_lo, & son of the
superintendent of the building, and Griffin un-
locked the doorof the private. lavatory, ad-
jolning the offlee, Mr. Colt was found on the
floor. He had evidently been stricken while
washing his hands, Coroner Mart gave a per-
mit for the removal of the body to an under-
taker’s at S2 Liborty street, ;

Mr. Colt had teen adirector of tha society for
nore than fifteen years. He was a graduate of
Princeton clase of 1843, asen of John Colt of
Paterson, and a cousin of Col, Samuel Colt of
Hartford, the inventor of the revolver,
L. Boudinot Colt was born in Pater
eon US years ago, and nearly all his
life was connected in one way or another
with the Soclety for the Promotion of
Useful Manufactures, which controlled the
water power at Paterson } ais and incidentally
the water supply of Paterson until the Last
Jersey Water Company acquired the jatter
Interests some yearsago. Mr. Colt moved to
Newark about ten or twelve vears ago and
lived in Broad street with his vite, a damwehter
vapndtwo sons Thetwosonus cane tothiseity
yesterday to make arrangements for the re-
moval of thetr father’s boly.

NO CANAL BILL THIS SESSWON,

The Senate Votes, 53 to
Up for Consideration.

Wasuineron, April 12.—In the Senate to-day
Mr. Morgan (Dem,, Ala.) asked nnanimons
consent to have the Nicarngua Canal bill made
the regular order for April 30,

Mr. Lodge (Rep., Maas.)—I do not see howl
ean consent to that in view of the bill which I
have in charge (the Philippine billy.

Mr, Morgan—I shal! fee! bound tu antagonize
that bill with the Niearagus Canal bill
Later in the day Mr. Morgan. moved to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Nicargua Canal
bill, As the suceass of this motion woul
place the Philippine bill, Mr. Lode! liep., Mass
demanded the yeas and nays
The notion was defeated—yeas, 1;
—~as follows:
YEAS
Daniel,
, Junes
15,
NAYS —Messrs, Aliison, Bate
Jom, Davis, Deboe, Depew, Faltha
lhnger, Hansbrough, llawley. tooa
Mecumber, MeMillan | Martian leon
Platt (Conn.), Platt iN. ¥.), Quarles
Sewell, Shoun, Stewart, Teller, ‘J hursu
and Warren—33
(Republicans and Silver Republicans tn roman
Democrats in Italics and Popul ti sniall capitals]

!
Gis-

hays, 33

Messrs, Bacon, Hate, erry, Clay
Foster, HARKKIs, HEIR eb
Nev,), Money, Perkins

870,000 for (nban Teachers at Harvard,

CamBRinGE, April 12.--The following tele.
gram went lust evening te Gen, Wood in Ha-
vana

“President and Fellows Harvard University
Wel-
come 1 450 Cuban teach ors.’

This action on the part of the Presilent and
Fellows of Harvard University wnarantees
the success of the seheme to bring Cuban
teachers here.

Dr. van Dyke Buys a House,

Trenton, N. J., April 12.—The Rev. Dr.
Henry van Dyke, formerly pastor of the Brek
New York, and who was lately ar-
jointed Professor of Englich Literature at
‘rinceton University, has purehased the Con-
cer homestond, direetiy opposite that of ex.
Cleveland at VPeineeton, and will

Presiient a
sO0D The purehuse price was

ocenpy it

| $41.04

\

The Super® Phytteoal Condition

Of the Pennsy!vania Rallroad renders its trains swift,
eale and sure.-Ada

16, Not to Tako It |

fair to-morrow.

—
PRICE TWO CENTS.
aa ee

| MISS ROCKEFELLER TO WED,

HER ENGAGEMENT
TICK OF CHICAGO

To Wr. PP, PRENe
ANNOUNCED,

The Second Daughter of John D. Rockes
feller A Musician and an Expert Swime
mer and Skater—Mr, Prentice a Lawyer=
Dinner Given Last Night in Their Hover

Mr. and Mra, John D, Rockefeller announce
the engagement of their daughter Alta to E
Parmalee Prentice of Chicago, who has been a
practising lawyer in that city for a number of
years, He is about 35 years old. Mise
Rockefeller ts the second child of John D.
Rockefeller. The oldest, Bessie, married
Yrof. Charlea Strong of Chicago University,
anda younger sister, Edith, married Harold
M'Curmick, son of Cyrus H. M’Cormick of Chie
cago, the nianufacturerof reapers, Miss Rockes
feller ie 30 yearsold. She isa proficient pete
former on the piano aud the violin, and when
she lived in Cleveland used to lead the singing
in the Sunday school of the Luciid Avenue
Baptiat Church, with the assistance of her sister
Edith, She also taught a class in that Sunday
school, and aince the family came to New York
she hae had a class in the Fifth Avonue Baptist
Church, to which the family bolong. She isa
good Itngulet, speaking French and German
fluently. She is very fond of swimming and
skating, and In the winter the court around
the house in Fifty-fourth street is flooded and
made a private rink forthe use of herself and

her friende, She has one brother, John J,
Rocke!eller, Jr,

Mr. Prentice {sa first cousin of Ezra Parma'ee
Prentice of  Weat Sixteenth street, who tea
stuentin the New York Law Schoo!,

Carcaao, April 12.—The announcement that
Miss Alta Rockefeller is to marry FE. Parmalee
Prentice of Chicago, was made to-night ata
dinner given by Mra, Harold McCormick for
her sister and Mr. Prentice,

Mr. Prentice is a member of the amart set
and i6 a son of 8. Ardell Prentice, a well-
known attorney. The young man is 35
yeara of age and is engaged in the practice
of law with hia father at 115 Monroe street.
He ts a member of the Chicago and University
clubs of Chicago and of the University Club of
New York. He has been tuterested in ath-
leties and stands high as a golf and tennis

| player. Hie father is quite wealthy and
much of the young man’s time is
taken up in the management of the family
estate, He lives with his parents at 10 Tower
court. The announcement to-night came asa
surprise, as it was not known that there was
Anything but a passing acquaintance between
Miss Rockefeller and Mr. Prentice.

AMERICAN FLEET AT BERMUDA,

FPritish Welcome Admiral Farquhar and the
Men of the North Atianthe Squadron.
Special Cable Despatch to ‘THE SUN

Haminton, Bermuda, April 12.—The Ameri-
ean North Atlantic equadron, under command
of Rear Admiral Farquhar, arrived here this
morning. All on board are well. The ships
anchored off the British dockyard,

Admiral Farauhar, accompanied by tho
members of hie staff, landed at 3:30 o'clock
this afternoon, The party came ashore at the
club steps and were received by a guard of
honor from the West India Regiment and the
regimental band, whieh plaved “Hail Colum-

| bla!” All the officers of the station were prose
nt. A salute of thirteen guns was fired from

‘ort Hamilton. The party took carriages and
were driven to Government House, the people
along their route cheering them heartily,

Great preparations are being made by the
officers of the Hritiah fleet for the entertain-

mentof the American officers, A ape ball
will be given to their honor on April 17.

FOUND BOTH PARENTS DEAD.

Elevatot Boy Discovers a Double Suicide on
Reaching Home From Work.

Carl Wilstrom, Jr., the elevator boy in the
Roee Building in West Forty-second street,
when he went home to 325 East Thirty-filth
street last nlaht, found the door of his parents’
flat on the fourth floor locked, and had to climb
{n by way of the fire escape, There was a stron
smellof was when he opened the window an:
he called the janitor, who went in with him.

Carl Wilstrom, the boy's father, was lying
dead on the dining room floor. His wife was
dead on the bed inthe next bedroom, Allot
the gas jets were turned on and the erovices in
the windows and doors had been stopped up,
youas Wilstrom said that his mother had been
fll lately and that his father, who was a tailor,
had been despondent over bad business, They

| hadgiven no hint of suicide when he left the
| house in the morning.

FAMOUS CONCORD CHURCH BURNED,

Stood Where the Provincial Congress Met
~Emerson and Thorean Attended It.

| Coxcorp, Mass., April 12.—The First Parish
church was destroyed by fire early this morn-
ing, The cause of the fire is unknown,
Workmen had been engaged about the charch
recently, renovating the interlor. The chureh
was on the site of the famous structure whic
was builtin 1712, in whieh the frat Provincia
Congress was heliin 1775, Tt contained many
of the timbers of the old edifice, It was here
that Ernereon, cate and other literary
men worshipper

Literary exercises in celebration of the 125th
anniversary of the Concord fight were to have
been held in the church next week,
STATI SMEN IN A ROW,

The Hon E. HU. Nebeker and the Fon. F. Be

Posey in an Altercation in Indlanapolle,

Ixpraxaponts, April 12.-E. WH. Nebeker,
former Treasurer of the United States, and
Frank P, Posey, former Congressman and cane
didate for the Republican nomination for Gove
ernor, met in she Denison Hotel lobby toeday

,aniarowoeonrred. Nebeker accuse] Posey of
| having written to a delegate reflecting on hie

political methods. Posey replied that he had
|owritren ‘ho letter and that he was justified in
l av dtoing by Nebeker's own assertion that he
| ofthe district. One word led to
|

was the bos
another till both heeame very much excited
int of assault when pore

and were upon the 4
futerfored and separated

eons in the lobby
| thor

| .
\ LAND FOR THE VOLUNTEERS,
|
|
|

Hiears Fro:n Tle
itt.

fallington B oth
Wife of a Valun

Mosterarm, N. J, April 12 Uallington
Booth has just receive } from Mrs, Booth
that some friends of the Volunte of Amertea
have been so gratifed with the large number

ehed throughout the country in

er halis, snd with the number re
the dilferent ites prisons, that
tievy bavedee@ led a valuahl pore of ground
hear San Jos 1 eomotes yerai ucves
to ail in carrying Oui Chess |

Gen.

Gen

! word

of people re
their Votan
formed in

President Schwet's Pler
Vresidant
Atlantie City
bay and jo 1 is fasilly at the
Sohwabis in needlof rest and
Hie will
»make

ATLANTIC ClTY,
Chiries M. Sehwat
y er
Brighton.
will go to Evrope ir aboat two weeks,

| probably go to Pittsburg in
preparations for his trip abroad His journey
abroad will doubtless start a rumor of some
kind a4 Mr. Cramp is now on the high) seas and
Sir. Carnegie will shortly leave New Yors tor
hos residence in Seotland

Mr

afew days

Deaconesses Mustn't Ride Bicyeles,

At the meeting of the
Poard of the Bethesda Densonesses and Hote
pital as ‘tions to-day it was decided not to
give permiss| to the Joreoness to ride ble
eyeles, Henry A. Saver, the Treneurer of the
board, brought up the subject, at the request
of the deaconesses, but the proposition, after &
short debate, wis voted dowo

CINCINNATI, ‘pril 12

Gen, Harrison Coming To- lay,

Fx-Preident Benjamin Harrison and hi /
wife willarrivein the eity to-day and wille
main for severnl days, Gen Horrison is tf)
President of the EFeumen eal Convention wh)
fe to meet in this eit

From 7 A.M. to Midnight
There is a theo train every iv leaving ¢ n4
Central Station the w York Cential 1 wo-oent
Milruge tc .ets are [ralos judd &

gvod.
Pinweh Light.~ Ads

—

rn