\

a a

MR. ALLEN WILL ACCEPT,

HE WILL SOON BE APPOINTED CIVIL
GOVEKNOK OF PUERTO RICO,

The President Desires That Ho (io to San
duan as Soon as Possible—He Will Leave
the Navy Department as Suen as Secre-
tary Long Returns From Colorado,

Wasutxaron, Aprill2.—Mr, Charles H, Allen,
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, whose aselec-
thon for the Civil Governorship of Puerto Rico,

| aa announced in Tue SuN to-day, told the |

‘

President this afternoon that he would accept |
the place. After leaving the White House Mr. |
Allen said to Tuk SUN reporter: |
“Tt is true that the President has asked me |
to go to Puerto Rico as the Civil Governor, I
regard this tender in the spirit in which it is |
made as & great complimont, although its ac- \
ceptance means undertaking grave responsi- |
biliti}@ My @wn inc! nation and my personal
fMtereets urge me to decline, but one should |
not always choose the easy way; there is a
patriotic duty sometimes to be performed, If
I can arrange my affairs in such way as to
enable me to do so, I shall accept the position,
end I shal! then be ready to start at once for
this postof duty. My effort will be to auminia-
ter the government provided by Congress in
atch manner as to commend and hold the con-
fidence of the people, to help them 60 far as I
may to realize the best there !s inthem and
to assist them in the development of the Island
along the lines which have made ussucha
prosperous nation. My deep regret is leaving
the Navy Department. My service there has
been of the happiest sort, and the attachments
there formed will always remain a pleasant

memory.” .

General regret was expressed at the Navy
Department to-day over the prospective resig-
nation of Mr. Allen from the office of Assistant
Secretary. In his two years of service there he
bas won the friendship of his naval and civil
subordinates, most if not all of whom regard
pie outao! @ a6 a personal lose. From what

retary Tong has sald tn regard to his: prin-
ipal istant it is certain that he will be
deenly isappointed over the severance of close
official and personal relations with Mr, Allen.
They are intimate friends and there has always
been perfect harmony between them in the
onduct of naval affairs. Mr, Long's confidence
fo r. Allen‘s judgment and ability has been
demonstrated on a_ great. many occasions
{in leaving him in charge of the department,
with full Siscretionary powers, and in placing
ubcer the Assi«tant Secretary several matters

f great importance to the naval service. Mr.

Long has been 1 Colorado for a week, visiting
his daughter at Colorado Springs, The Presi-
ent telegraphed him there this afternoon that

r. Allen would be the first Civt! Governor of

uerto Rico, It is supposed, however, that the

ecretary had started for Washington before
the telegram was sent.

Mr, Allen's nomination for the Governorship
will be sent to the Senate In the next day or
two. He will remain here unti! Mr Long returns
and wil! then go to his home in Lowel!, Mass,
to arrange his business affairs, President
MeKinley desires Mr. Allentogo to San Juan |
a8 s00n as possible to consult Gen, Davis, the
present Military Governor of the f-land, over
poiitiea) soolal and industrial conditions there.

When Mr, Allen has obtained an idea of the
eneral conditions in Puerto Rico he will re-
nrn to Washington to recelve personal in-
structions from the President, based on what
the new Governor learns in the island, unless
Mr. Allen decides that there {8s no o¢easion for
making the Journey home, He will be in-
stalled as Governor on his arrival in San Juan,
reyeviug Gen, Davis, \
he suggestion his been madein Adminis-
tration cireiea thata proper compliment to Mr,
Allen wou'd be to send him to Puerto hieoina
paval vessel. This, it is contended, would not
only serve to impress the people of Puerto Rico
with the regard in which the Government of
the United States held tho office of Governor,
but would indicate the personal esteem. in
which Mr. Allen is held by President McKinley

It is the President’s intention to wait
awhile before appointing the members of
the Executive Council and other officials
lo Puerto Rico provided for in the
bill which. passed the House yesterday,

cept possibly the Chief Justice, Should

r, Allen decide to return home for_con-
aultation in accordance with the Presi-
dent’a suggestion, alier ascertaining some-
thing from Gen, Davia about insular con''{- |
tions, the Pooretary of State will probably be |
appointed and designate! as Acting Governor
for the period of Mr. Allen’s absence, As are. |

ult of the establishment of Civil Governor of |

nerto Rico, the military department embrac-
ing that island may be abolixshet and the |
island designated for military purposes as a
braneh of some other military department,

The President signed the Puerto Rico bill
to-night. Ouly Secretary Koot and Assistant
Seoretary Cortelyou were present, The civil

overnment features wil! become operative on

ayl. Mr, Allen will hardly reach San Juan
before that date, but should he do 60 he will
not be installed until then,

7HK SHIP SUBSIDY BILI,

Bewatora Frye and Hanna Will Insist on Ite
Consideration at This Session.

Wasninoton, April 12.—Senator Frye, chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, extresses |
adetermination to insist upon the considera-
tion of the Hanna-Payne Ship Subsidy bill at
this session, notwithstanding the Informal de- |
cision of the Steering Committee to bring about
adjournment as soon as possible after the
Philippines resolution, the appropriation bills |
and other necessary matters of legislation are |
disposed of, In this determination Mr. Hanna |
concurs, He says it would be cowardice for the |
Republican party to abandon the measure now |

ter boving declared for itin party platforms. |
he advocates of the inexsure will, therefore, |
endeavor to have it made the spacial order |
alter the Quay case is disposed of on the 24th
inat,, by which time they hope the Filippines
resolution will have been passed. The Demo-
crate Will oppose this pian, however, and will
probably delay a vote upon the Philippines
resolution, if they find that there isa chance
roe shipping bill to get the right of way.
ut the policy of the Democrats {8 not so

important as the attitude of the Repubjican
Senators generally, They are strongly opposed |
to the attempt to get a vote upon the Ship
Subsidy bill, the Niearagua Canal bil! or any
subject of iinportant legislation not already
provided for, and are working to bring about |
adjournment as near the Ist of June as pos-
sible, The Senators who take this view of |
what ought to be cone include” the most
influentia) party managers in the Senate, and
they will probably succeed in keeping the
Senate up to the programme of early adjourn-

ent, and @ do-nothing policy in the mean-
time. Asameans to thisend they may allow
the canal and subsidy billa to be taken up, but
with the knowledge that they must give way to
appropriation bills and conference reports,
‘Then when they are all disposed of aday will
be fixed for adjournment, leaving everything
else to go over to next session, Senator Mor-

nis as determined to get consideration for
the Nicaragua Cana! bill as Senators Hanna
and Frye are that the Shipping bill shall not be
put over until next session,

NICARAGUA REPUDIATES IY,

Denounces the Members of the Expedition
to Costa Rica as Fillbusters,

Wasninoton, April 12.—The State Depart.

ment has been informed that the Government.

of Nicaragua denies all responsibility for the
armed expedition which recently went from
that country to the Colombia-Costa Rica
border, apparently for the purpose of attacking
one or the other of those States. Naaragua
saye she had nothing to do with the expedition
and denounces its members as fiibusters,

Lieut.-Col, Hayes to Spend a Month in Paris,
Wasainaton, April 12

from New York as provided in the orders is-
sued by Gen. Otis, March 5. The order has
been changed so as to permit Col. Haves to

oose his own route and

onth delay, Col. Hayes bas already left

anila, Advices received at the War Depari-
ment to-day from him at Hong Kong are that
he will go to Paria and spend a month at the
Exposition before coming to the United States.
This ta taken to indicate that he willcome by
way of the Suez Canal, and will probably come
to New York instead of to San Francisco,

Two More Spanish Ships Added to the
Navy.

Wasurnoaroy, April 12.--Two more desirable
warships, modern in every respect, were added
to the naval list and to the Asiatic fleet yester-
day at Hong Kong. They are the former
Bpaniah ships Isla de Cuba and Don Juan
d’Austrias, sunk by Dewey's squadron in the
battie of Manila Kay, raised under the direction
of Naval Constructor Capps and repalred at

ong Kong under the supervision of Lieu-
poant-Commander Veeder and Naval Cone

guctor Hobson. I[t is supposed here that
ofY Will proceed immeuiately to Manila

ate ee

wilin Again Offers to Sell the Dry Dock
fi pa at Havana.

ihe é#81NGTON, April 12.—The Spanish Gov.
eruW ont has again offered to sell the floating
steel dry dock at Havana tothe United Brates.

This time the price has been reduced to
200,090, but the Navy Department regarda it
as too and will probably decline to con-
elder thy of4,,

Lieut.-Col. Webb ¢, |
Hayes will not come directly to San Franaiaco |

allows him one |

——-— ——-—--

SENATOR CLARK WILL NOT REBIGN,

If His Seat Is Declared Vacant He Will Go
Back to Montana and Seek Re-Election,

Wasninoron, April 12,-—Senator Clark of
Montana will not resign from the Senate in the
face of the report from the Committee on Privi-
legos and Elections that he is not entitled to
his seat. When the committes took this action
Mr, Clark was inclined to resign at once, but
his friends here persuaded him that It would
be wiser for him todo nothing in advance of
action by the Senate, When hie seat is de-
clared vacant Mr. Clark will go back to Mon-
tana and seek the vindication of a reflection,
which he expresses confidence of getting. He
has received, it ia sald, several thousand telo-
grams of sympathy, nearly all of them from
Montana, ant these he and his friends regard
assignificant of the general sentiment inthe
Btate and throughout the country.

Ip advising him not to resign Mr. Clark's

friends are actuated largely by the fact that the
report of the committee, which, itis thought, will
be submitted early next week, does not sustain
the direct charges of bribery against him, but
merely condems the wholesale use of money |
the contest before the Legislature that ender
in his election, If the committee had found, as
A result of their investigation, that Mr. Clark
had been guilty of absolute bribery, he would
have regarded the rebuke a8 of such a pere
sonal nature as to compe! him to resign.

OUR FORCE IN THE PHILIPPINES,

On April 1 It Consisted of 23,397 Regulars
and 30,847 Volunteers,

Wasutnoton, April 12.—The War Depart.
ment has prepared a statement showing the
strength of the troops in the Philippines on
April 1, 1900, It shows a total foree of U4,545
men inservice, including 158 Regular army ofl-
cers and 1,356 officers with Volunteer rauk.
Of the men, there are 24,307 Regulars and
30847 Volunteers, The army is distributed
among the different branches of the service as

follows: ‘Total men and officers of the staff, in-
cluding 15 General oMeers, 2,730 ; cavalry,3,007;
infantry, 65,120; artillery, 2,228,
ganization is aa followa: Adjutant General's
Department, 7; Inspector General's Depart.
ment, &; Judge Advocate General's office, 2:
Boaretmastey® Department, 37: Substatence

epartment, 3%; Medical Department, 1,041;

Pay Departinent,18; Ordnance Department,10; |

Engineers, 262; Signal Corps, 37)); Chaplains
144. The statement shows 4 regiments of
cavalry, 5 of artillery and 43 regiments of
infantry.

A TOWN DIVIDED BY A STATE LINE,

The Governors of Tennessee and Virginia
to Agree on a Police Service.

Wasnincton, April 12.—Gov. MeMillin of

Tennessea and Gov. Tyler of Virg!nia are to

, hold a conference in this city to-morrow to de-

cide the fate of Bristol, a emall town either fo
Tennessee or Virginia, as its individual resi.
dents may choose, The boundary line between
the two States conforms to Bristol's main
atreet, an? the lawbreakers, who now and

take advantage of that fact,
on thelr part which prompts the conference be»
tween the two State Executives. Gov, MeMil-
lin is already in the city, a day before Gov, Ty-
ler ia expected, It is understood that the two

| do not intend to interfere with the State jurie-

diction over the two parts of the town, but to
agree on a municipal police service which shall
cover the entire settlement,

THE KANSAS CITY CONVENTION,
Chairman Jones Says a Hall Is to Be Bullt

Far Better Than the One Destroyed.

Wasutyotos, Apri! 12.— Senator Jones,

Chairman of the National Democratic Commits | *

tee, sald to-day that he had reee'ved word
from Kansas City that thoae in charge of the ar-
rangements forthe convention had more money
in band now than ever before, and that, ine
stead of erecting a temporary structure for the
eonvention, they intend to put up a convention
hail which will be far better than the one
destroyed. It will be ready inamople time for
the convention, Mr. Jones will therefore take
no steps toward calling a meeting of the come.
mittee on this subject.

Bids for Department of Justice Building.

the Department of Justice to-day for construct.
ing a new building for that Department,
Fight proposals were submitted, varying
greatly tn price, time for completion and qual+
ity of marble, V. J, Hediden & Sons of New
York agree to erect the buildin
est time, sixteen months, for $1,760,890, and
the lowest bid was submitted
MeCaul of Philadelphia, at $1,419,543, on a
limit of twenty-six months, ‘athe appropra-
tion torthe building was $1,000,000 only, Con-
gress will be asked to increase the limit of
cost,

Proposed Monument to Gen, Daniel Morgan |

WasuinoTon, April 12.—Senators Daniel and
Martin of Virginia accompanied Representa.
tive Hay and

Winchester to the White House to-day to urge
on the President a plan for erecting in Win-
chestar a monument to Gen, Daniel Morgan
of Revolutionary fame. Mr. McKinley not only

; manifested the most decided interest in the

project on the ground that Gen. Morgan is
buried in Winchester, but promised to urge
Congress to appropriate $10,000 for the monu-
ment fund,

Army and Navy Orders,

Wasutnoton, April 12,~These army orders
were issued to-day:

Lieut, Col. Oswald H. Ernst, Corps of Eagineers
in addition to his duties as a member of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, ordered to Baltimore, rellevin
First Lieut. Charles W. Kutz, Corps of Dngineers. of
the duties now under his charge

Second Lieut. Willlam O, Wright, Jr., Company L,
and Second Lieut. J. Millard Littl, Company kK,
Nineteenth Infantry, exchange companies,

These naval orders have been issued:

Passed Assistant Surgeon FW. Olcott to naval re-
crulting rendezvous, Philadelphia

Ensign bP I,
to the Prairie a

Commander |
to command of the

wateh and division officers.
Garst, from the Washington yard
Michigan

Naval Cadet L. 8S. Shane, from the Massachusetts | tions, declaring that he wanted Conwress to re-

to North Atlantic

Naval Cadet W. G. Roper, from the Indiana to
North Atlantic squadron,

Lieut. H. B. Price, from th
orders

Lieut H. G. Gates, to the Indiana.

Naval Cadet W)C. Watts, from the Dolphin to North
Atlantic squadron

Ensign WS lurpin, from the Essex to Naval Prov-
ing Ground, Indian Head

Lleutenuot Commander N. T. Houston, from the
Lancast: home and awatt orders,

Lieut. \\ ! Pullam, to the Lancaster as executlve
oMcer

Lieut. 1

\s-

adror

Dixte to home and wait

KR. De Stigeurt,to the Massachusetts,

| Bureen of Construction and Repair, to Norfolk yard

LAvutenant Commander Willlam Winder, to addi
tlonal duty as navigator of Michigan.

Army Nominutions,

WASHINGTON, April 12—The President to-
day sent the following nominations to the
Senate

To be Captain Forty-sixth Infantry. First. Lent,

Henry H heen; to be First Lieutenant, Second
Lieut. Richard Bb, Kavanagh.

PERFECTION

in whiskey, like all things, is only attained
by experience,

is perfection,the
result of time
and labor.

It tastes rich
and smooth be-
cause it is old.

S0LD EVERYWHEAB.

CAHN, BELT. & CO., Baltimore, Md.

The staf or- |

,ence report on the legislative,
| Judicia
| The bill now carried $288,000 more

} grossional
Wasnrnaton, April 12.—Bids were opened at |

) expenditures: by

in the short.

by Charles |

a delegation of citizens from |

Pratt and Naval Cadet William Hunt, |

| that so desirec

tant Naval Constructor E. F. Eggert, from the |
* | open the door to consideration

THE SUN, FRIDAY, APRIL 18,

THE INSULAR BANK BILL.

TUK HOUSE BY
Tv 110.

Ivf 18 PASSED IN
A VOTE OF 123

Authorizes Government Depositories iu the
Philippines, Puerto Rico and Cuba—
The 111 Providing for the Election

of Senators by the People Discussed. |

WASHINGTON, April 12.—The House today
passed the bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to designate banks or bankers in Cuba,
Puerto Rico and the Philippines to act ag deposi
tories of public money. An amendment pro
posed by the Committee on Insular Affairs, which

reported the bill, limited its operation in Cuba |

to the period that the United States occupled the
islands, and it was agreed to. Mr. Brewer of
Alabama offered an amendment of the same pur-
port applying w the Philippine Islands, and it
was lost 121 to 185

Mr. Cooper (Rep, Wis), chairman of the Com
mittee on Insular Affairs,explained that the moneys
comprehended in ihe bill were not those col
lected by the War Department as customs, &c.,
but the moneys forwarded from the United Sutes
Treasury to defray expenses in the islands, pay
ment of troops, and the like, ‘The bill, he said,
had come to be called the “Standard Oil bill,”
but why, an investigation of two or three weeks
had failed w disclose. ‘The origin of the bill,
Mr. Cooper said, was a letter written last Decen-
ber by Paymaster Kenney of the Navy, who sug
wested that for the rollef and safety of the pay-
masters depositories in the Philippines, Puerto
Rico and Cuba should be provided, Secretary

Gage prepared the bill and requested Mr. Sibley
tu introduce it. ‘That was the entire history of
the bill. ‘The committee had added to the bill
4 provision that it should apply to Cuba only
while occupied by the United States, —

Mr. Brewer (Dem., Ala.) moved to insert after
Cuba “and the Philippines.” The amendment
Mr. Brewer said, was offered for the purpo@ of
intensifying me protest against holding the isl
ands permanently .

Opposing the bill, Mr. Jones (Dem., Va.) said
that If Mr Cooper had investigated more thor-
oughly he would have found @ better reason why
tie bill was called the Standard Oil bill, It granted
such a privilege as was demanded and received
from Secretary Gage by the Vice-President of
the Navonai City Bank of New York, a Stondard
Oil converu, on the ground that its directors had
rendered good service in the campaign that brought

about the selecuon of Gage as Secretary of the |

‘Treasury. ;

Responding to questions, Mr.
there were banks In Cuba, Puerto
Philippines The Cuban banks, he said,
owned by American capital z

The bill was turther oppased by Messrs. Fitz
erald (Wem, Mass), Gaines (Dem., Tenn.), and
fe Armond (Dem., Moo, who asserted that there
was no need for its passage. Mr. De Armond
sad the bill was an Indication of a purgose lo
hold Cuba in violation of the promise solemnly
wade when the war was begun.

Mr. Cooper, replying w these remarks, sald
it Was astonishing that a plain business propo

Jones said that
Rico and the
were

| sition lake this could not be discussed in 4 business
, way,

but that politteal harangue must be in

dulgedin, The billeonformedexactly w the lan-

guage of the act suthorizing the appointment |

then find their way to the town, are quick to | vf national banks as depositories, and the Secre

Itisthia tendency ,

tary of the ‘Treasury had stated his Intention
to accept nothing but United States bonds as
security. There was a bank in Manila, capital

ived at $10,000,000 all over the

with branche

| world, including New York, which had intimated

its willingness to deposit United States bonds
as security for moneys deposited with It

Mr. Brewer's amendment making the bill ap
Iy to the Philippines only while they were held
at the United States was lost, 121 to 155 ihe
the operation
weupation by
The bill was

commities amendment resins yng
of the bill in Cuba to the period of «
the United States, was agreed to.
then passed, 426 to 110.

Mr. lawney (Hep., Minn.) intr
erent that section of the War Revenue act which

+4 for stamps on memornnda of stock
soles, conveyances, mortgages, lease, power of
attorney, &¢.

Under eall of committees Senate bill making
he Pension law applicable to the dependent parents
of Confederate soldiers and sailors who served in
the war with Spain was taken up. With a brief
explanation of the bill by Mr. Loudenslager,
(Rep., N. i) it was passed

Mr Bingbam (Rep, Pa.) presented the confer
Executive and
The report, he sald,
cts in the bill
than when it
passed the House ‘The pr neipal items of this
increase were. Senate expenses, 850,000) Con
Library, 866,600; Court of Private
$41,500; Hydrographic Office,

Appropriation bill
was @ final agreement on all sud)

tand Claims,
820,000.

The report was agreed to, 67 to 48. ‘The vote
in opposition was said by Mr. Underwood (Dem
\la ty be & protest against the extravagant
the Senate

‘A conference was ordered on the Senat amend
ments to the bill making appropriations for the
expenses of the District of Columbla for the year
ending June 30, 1901 sae

Callof committees was resumed and Mr. Corliss
Rep., Mich.) presented the jolnt resolution propos

ing an amendment to the Constitution so 48 to |

permit the election of Senators by 4 direct vote
ft the people. Mr. Rucker (Dem.. Mo) otfered a
substitute making obligatory the election of
Senators by the people

Discussing the resolution, Mr Corliss said
that the change proposed in the resolution sub-
mitted by him had been asked for by the Legis-
latures of thirty-two States of the Union. His
proposition, Mr, Corliss said, was that the people
of the States might chose the manner in which

| their United States Senators should be elected.

That bad been the idea of Mr_ Brvanin the Fifty.
third Congress, and he said he was surprised

that any Democrat should now propose any other |
State should exer- |
cise their sovereign rimit and determine how |

plan. The people of every
yw chosen. To illustrate his
argument, Mr. Corliss introduced a large car-
toon. It represented the “Senatorial Brook”
flowing through the territory. On one side sev-
eral pot-bellied men Iabelled “State Legislators”
were Oshing in the brook One of them, with
a highly gratified expression, had secured a yel-
low pot with a dollar mark on its side. On the
other side of the brook stood Uncle Sam with
a fishing rod in his hand, which he was handing
to a little fellow labelled “Voter,” saying: “Those
fellows have been making some mighty poor
catches of late, I think I'll let you try your hand
at catching Senators for me.” The cartoon at-
tracted much attention, and ihe pitin front of the
desk was filled with members

Mer. Brosius (Rep, Pa) made the point of order
that the members should be seated

Mr. Corliss expressed his surprise that Mr,
Brosius did not like the cartoon, and asked, amid
much laughter, “Do you think it reflects upon

Senators should

| your State?"

Mr Powers (Rep., Vt) opposed both proposi-

tain full control of the election of Senators and
Representatives, He fave red the election of
Senators by adirect vote of the people; butitought

| to be so in every State and the control of the elec

tion ought to be retained by Congress. The rea-

son for the agitation was a desire to get rid of the

scandals in the elections of Senators; but Mr

Corliss’s proposition would permit the States
{ to retain the oecasion of scandals.

Mr. Corliss asked if the proposition advocated

by Mr. Powers had not been three times presented

| w the Senate and ignored

Mr. Powers replied thatit had.
Mr. Corliss —Well, | suggest another plan to

Mr. Powers— Well, | propose to bombard the
Senate with a good proposition until they come
to their senses and adopt it. (Applause

Mr, Zeigler (Dem., Pa.) advocated the adoption
of the substitute proposed by Mr, Rucker, fol-
lowing generally the argument of Mr. Powers,
The substituce was further advocated br Mesers
Kluttz (vem. N.C), Breazeale (Dem. , La., Ryan
(Dem,, Pa), Sulzer (Dem, N.Y), Robb (Dem,
Mo.), Hidgley (Pop., han.), Me Dowell (Dem, Ohio),
Lioyd (Liem, Mo.) and Jones (Dem., Va.)

Mr. Rucker withdrew the sub-titute previonsly
offered by him and submitted one providing for
the election of the Senators by a direct vove of the
people, retaining to Congress the power to control
the elections

At 5-20 the House adjourned until to-morrow,

SENATK PLOCKEDINGS,

Senator Burrows of Michigan Speaks Against
the Seating of Quay.
Wasninoton, April 12.—In the Senate to-day

the conference report on the Legislative,

| Executive and Judicial bill was presented and
! agreed to,

The Quay case was then taken up, and Mr,
Burrows (Rep, Mich', who hal made the

| majority report from the Committee on Privi-

leges and Elections, addressed the Senate in

defence of that report and in opposition to the
seating of Mr. Quay under appointment from
the Governor of Pennsylvania,

Senate bill fixing the fees of jurors and wit-
nesses in United States courts was passed,
also Renate vill for the relief of the Brooklyao
Ferry Company, New York. This bill allows a
suit to be brought in the United States District
Court for the Fastern district of New York ror
damages caused by collisfon of the ferry-
boat New York with the United States steamer
Dolphin tn the Kast River on Aug, 1, 18s")

A motion to take up the Alaska bill was de-
feared, 22to 24

On motion of Mr, Allison the Senate agreed
toadjourn over Good Friday and to meet on
Saturday

Mr. Pettigrew (Sil. Rep., 8. D.) addressed the
Senate in favor of hia resolution extending
sympathy tothe people of the South African
republics in their struggle for indepen lence,

Without finishing his apeech Mr. Pettigrew
yielded the floor, and Mr. Morgan gave notice
of an amendment to the Philippine bill, direct-
inw the President, in conducting the Govern
mentofthe Philippine Islands, to execute in
fivor of the Filipinos the pledges of the Spanish
Government in a treaty with the revolutionary
party in Luzon, so far as such treaty is con-
sistent with the change of sovereignty.

After an executive session tthe Senate ad-
journed until Saturday,

;

Sle hee oi ~ ar a wD ee
SAE Re hae ae

«duced a bill to | ington & Sherman Company, safe movers, at 23

QUBEN'S BUTION UNPOPULAR.

Veechner Wore It and Had a Stormy Time
—Out of a Job Now.

Joseph Veechner. who, untila few days ago,
was a conductor on the Grand street horse car
line, had John Fagin, a driver on the road,
summoned to the Essex Market police court
yesterday for persecuting him, because
Veechner persisted in wearing a button in the
Japel of his coat, bearing a likeness of Queen
| Vietoria and the iuscription "God Bless the
| Queen,” About half of the employees of the
; road are Irishmen. Most of tho others are

Hebrews, Veechner and Fagin were both
' born In Ireland,

When Veechner first appeared with the
button he was chased into the Han-
| fleld House, which is acrosa the atrect

from the car barns, He escaped by being

hustled through a scuttle to the roof,
“Yer Anner,” said Veechner tothe Magis-

| trate, °
therin’ Peep-o’-Da
road are thryin’ ter

ean’ his frinds an’ ther,
i Ime becase I wear th
button av me counthry un the pietoor av the
Quane, God bleas her. Ot lost me job on ther
! nig Ov pt, but O'lll shtand by the ridan’ the
yeller,”
| “Judge,” said Fagin, “this renegade Orange-
MAN comes glo ther shtable wid that, ineult-
| In’ button, 6 didn’t do a thing ter him for
| that, but phwen he walks in morn n’a,whiatlin’
|*Croppies Lie Down’ an’ ther’ ‘Boyne
Wather’ well—, Ol suppose Oi cid get a bit
rough wid him.”

“it I was an Irishman,” eald Magistrate
Crane, “l would not wear that button, There
is no evidence here that an assault was com-
mitted, so I will diamiss the proceedingn. it
| this man {is a renegade to your race, Fagin,
| pace atm by in silence and don’t disturb him in

ne future,”

'

HAPID TRANSIT BIDS,

Contractor McDonald Not to Take Sub-Con-
tracts on His Own Acooust,

The Executive Committees of the Rapid
Transit Subway Construction Company met
yesterday at the office of the President, Augus

Belmont, to consider further the bide for sub- |

the Sub-

contracts already passed upon bY Neb
r. eDon-

Committee on Contracts, of which

| ald is amember, \
Mr. Me Donald will not take any aub-contracts

on his own personal responsibility, it was said

yesterday by one of the directors of the con- |

struction company, because of his relation to

the company. Any ection that is not finally |

awarded to some outside sub-contractor will
be done by the company itself with Mr, MeDon-
ald acting as its contractor.

SHOP GIRL DISAPPEARS,

Seems to Want to Bo a Nuarse—Police Look-
ing for Her,

The police sent outa general alarm vester-
day, for Lillie Lyons, 16 years old, of 403 First
avenue, The girl worked ina Fourteenth street
department store, Tuesday was pay day there.

| Bhe failed to come home at night, and her |
mother found a paperin her room from which |

numerous advertisements had been clipped.
By comparing it with an uncut paper he

mother found that the advertisements clip od
were for nurses. She visited the advertisers, but
failed to tind the girl: so she called onthe police
for help. Lillie is talland fair She wore a blue

‘skirt, a felt hat with red roses and a dark

jacket.

SEVEN-STORY FALE TO DEATH,

Safe Mover Instantly Killed in the Battery
Park Building Elevator Shaft.

Charlies Harper, adriveremployed by the Renm-

Park place, fell seven stories through the ele-

vator shaftof the Buttery Park Building yeater- |

day and was inetantly killed, With three other
wen Harper was moving athree-ton safe into
an office on the seventh floor. The safe waa
taken up In an elevaior to the seventh floor
and rolled out on iron atrips. As the elevator
| started upward it threwthe ends of the strips
into the air. Harper jumped backward to
avoid being hit by one and fell into the shaft.

COURT DIVIDED OVER A COP.
Majority Verdict Keeps Him Out of His Job
for Not Holding Hia Tongue.

By a divided court the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court held yesterday that Police-
man John *. Donaelly was properly dismissed
from the foree. While Roundsman Sullivan
was testifying against him at his trial for being
off post he said, according tothe Polica Com-
missioners, ‘You Ife,” and according to him-
self, ‘That ig false.” Justices McLaughlin,
Van Brunt anu Patterson say that a policeman
who spoke out in such a way at a judicial in-
quiry is better offthe force than on It, Justice
Ingraham holds that the punishment is too
strong for the almost involuntary statement
Donnelly used.

Grand Jary Fails to Indict Dr, Jones for
Shooting His Coachman,

Mippietown, N, Y, April 12.—The Orange

County Grand Jury, which closed its labore at |

Newburgh to-day, failed to find a bill of indict-

| ment against Dr. William T, Jones, the Pine

Bueh pbysician, committed to await their
action on the charge of shooting his colored
coachman, Charles Lewis, in January last.

Judge Jenks reserved his_devision on the
request of District Attorney Powelson to grant
an order holding the accused for the next
Grand Jury to consider the case, on th
round that only circumstantial evidence h
Geen submitted before the Grand Jury.

Recreation Piers to Open Early; Music
Nightly.
The recreation piers will all be opened to the

public on May 25 this year, or as near that date

| asis possible. There will be music on each

includjng Sunday. The
reason for opening the piers%so early is that the
Dock Commissioners think they do a vast
amount of good, and that the public should re-
evive all the benetit it can derive from them,

pier every evening,

Caught After Four Lynchings,

Browssvitie, Tenn, April 12.—Heory and
Rodger Gineryré, the chief participants in the

| mearder of Policemen Turner and Durham of

Lauderdale county, have been arrested in New

| Madrid, Mo. Officers went there for them to-
| day, A reward of several thousand dollara has

been offered by the State and county. Four

, negroes have been lynched siready in the ef- |
fort to arrest the men just captured.

Dr, George E. West Has a Leg Amputated,

Dr. George FE. West, who was formerly Secre-
tary of the Health Department in Brooklyn, has

had his left log ompatated at the Brooklyn
Hospital for tuberculosis of the bones. The
disease is hereditary in the family. A brother
of Dr. West_also had a leg amputated a fow
| years ago. He died soon after the operation.

Police Captain Chapman's Wife Dead.

Frances E. Chapman, the wife of Capt.
Goorge Chapman of the Mercer street police

station, died on Wednesday night at the home
| of the captain's sister, Mra, Alfred Deas, at
| New Brighton, Staten Island. Mre. Chapman
waa 30 years old, She had been an invaltd for
a@ number of years.

Fire Department Doctor Reinstated,

The Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
has affirmed a decision of the lower court hold-

ing that Dr, Francis M. Banta is entitled to re-

instatement as a physician in the Fire Depart-

ment, from which, after a service of three
years, he was dismissed without charges by
‘om missioner Scannell on Sept. 22, 180s,

Paralysis from Coffee.

“Sometime ago | had a shock
of paralysis, which resulted from
the continued use of coffee.
Dizzy head and confused feelings
were constantly with me. 1 was
induced by a physician to leave
off coffee and try Postum Food
Coffee, with the result that | am
now clearheaded and in perfect
health.” Mrs. F. E. Willoughby,
Amherst Station, N. H Made at
the pure food factories of the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle
Creek, Mich,

99OSOOOO009 0000

bis man Faaio. the traithorous mur- |
y

1900,

‘SAMPLE LIE ABOUT CUBA.

GEN, WOOD INVESTIGATES A NEWS-
PAPER STORY OF A GREAT PLOT.

; Editor sald Hia Landindy Told Him About
It, and the Landiady Said She Heard It
From a Drunken Soldier and a Dissalute
Woman- Revolt Not Likely to Occur.

Special Cable Despatch to ‘THE SUN.

Havana, April 12.—The Journal, whieh is
Printed in English, published this morning
story of a great plot among the Cubans to etart
&4n (nsurrection on Junel. The writer alleged
that tho Information came from a former ex-
non-commissioned offleer in tho Caban Army.

The editur of tho paper was summoned by
Governor General Wood, who demanded that
he give the name of hia informant, The editor
referred Gen. Wood to the landlady of the
boarding house where he lived, The landlady
was summoned, She said she had told the
editor that she met a drunken man witha dis-
solute woman on the street. The man sali the
Americans had promised to frea Cuba by Juno
1, and if they did not do eo, something might
happen.

On this basis the editor worked up his sensa-
tion. Such ridiculous stories appear here from
time to time and are oceaslunally cablod to the
United States, Neither Cubans nor Americans
here give such stories the slightest credence
but it ls feared that such reports will prejudice
the country in the eyes of the people of
, the United States, thus injaring Its material
growth.

Gen, Wood is considering some plan to stop
the constant and deliberate lying indulged in
by many of the newspapers here, both Cuban
and American, but he ia not at all inelined
to interfere with the legitimate liberty g tho
press,

The tables of the Spanish registration
throughout the island have not yet been com-
pleted, Tables printed by the Piscusion show
4 total of 50,087, with 38 out of a total of 120
municipalities missing. The registrations in
Havana city reached 27,715. Most of the miss-
ing munioipalities are rural, where compara-
| tively few Spaniards live. The grand total is
likely to reach 70,000 if the Discusion’s figures
are correct.

To-day being a religious holiday the public
offices were closed and the newspapers printed
sermons, No papers will be published to-mor-
row, Good Friday, the day being very strictly
obsarved here.

FIREBOATS SAVED GREENPOINT.

Reports on the Recent Fire Show That the
Mains Could Not Supply the Engines,

Fire Commiasioner Scannell! received reports
from Deputy Commissioner Tully and Chief
Croker yeaterday on the recent disastrous fire
in Greenpoint. Both officials reported that
had it not been forthe water taken from the
Newtown Creek by the flraboata the fire would
have extended overa much larger area than it
did. Half an hour before the flre occurred
Commissioner Scannell received a despatch

| from Bayonne, N.J., asking him to send the

New York flrebouta to a big flrethere. The
Commissioner replied that to send the
fireboatsto Bayonne would uncover the most

| important shipping districts in the world and
Had he com- |

declined to grant the request.
plied the Greenpoint fire would probably have
swept across Newtown Creek tl! rs)
Island City, ne See
This Greenpoint fire. has revealed eon ii-
j tons in that part of Brooklyn and Queens
| which va
the clty,” said the Commissioner after read-
ing the reports,
ceives its water through -ineb mains, known
as dead ends, which do not give free cireula~
tlon to the water. Thero was, consequentiy,
ho pressure on the fire streams because tha
engines could not gat a supply from the hy-
drante. The hydrants, moreover, were eutirely
too small for fire purposes. In the district is
stored millions of dollars’ worth of combusti-
ble material. Larger maing with anti-freezing
| hydrants should placed along the atreets
and I shall aleo recommend the placing of an
auxiliary waterpipe system.”

WONT BE HANGED OV GOUD Fripnay,

Reprieve of Twenty-four Hours Granted to
the Toronto Murderer.

Toronto, Ont., April 12.~The Hon. David
Milla, Minister of Justice, has granted a ree
| prieve of twenty-four hours in the sentence of
death pronounced on murderer “Willians,’”’
who was to be hanged here to-morrow, Good

| Friday. There was a general protest against a

hanging on that day.
The man, who is believed to be of goud fam.
fly, atill nefuses to tell his real name He killed
Q merchant whose store he was caught rob-
bing. His lawyer holds that the postponement
interferes with the execution of the sentence
and has asked on that ground fora new trial

On Trial for Poisoning Her Husband.

CotumB1a, 8, C., April 12.—Mrs, Belle Gra 1-
dick, 24 years old, was put on trial here to-day
for poisoning her husband two months ago.
An eighteen-year-old boy has been implicated
inthe case, Jesse Graddick conducted a gro-

cery store in Columbia. He was poisoned with
arsenic, the testimony being that it was ad-
ministered in small doses for five orsix daya,
The attendant physician suspected nothing
until the man died.

Tighe Will Litigation Settied,

The Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
ordered yesterday that the decree for probate
of Richard Tighe’s will be amended so that
the will shall be admitted, with the bequests
in penctl as wellasink valid. The order isthe

result of an agreement to acitia the litigation
over the estate, made several months ago, by
which about $400,000 waa given to the con-
testants and those persons left out under the
decision of the Surrogate.

Yale Divinity Commencement Speaker.

New Havey, Conn., April 12.—Dean Georgo
P. Fisher of the Yale Divinity Schoo! announeed
this morning that the Commencement Day
speaker at tho anniversary exercises of tho
sehoo! this year will be the Rey, Dr. Alexander

McKenzie of Cambridge, Mase, The exerejses
will be held on Wednesday, May 14, President

| George Harris of Amherst College wil! deliver
the annual address before the graduating
class on Sunday, May 13.

Money for the Hospitals.

The collections of the Hospital Saturday and
Sunday Association, as reported by the Goa-
eral Treasurer, Charles Lanier, amount tomore

| than $74,000, nearly $4,000 above last year.
The Woman's Auxillary collected over $9,000,
The books will be closed In a few Jays, and the
, money collected will be distributed among the
| hospitals,

The Weather.

‘The storm was central yesterday over the lake re-
gions, where the winds were high. The belt of rain
covered all the Southern States and all the Atlantic
States from Florida toMaine In the Ohio Valley
there was rain and snow, and snow from three to
twelve juches fellin Michigan, Indiana, lowa, north-

) ern Iilinois, Wiseonsin and easter: Minnesota, West
of the Mississipp! the weather was fair

It was warmer in the Atlantic States and the east
ern part of the lake regions, butin all other districts

| tt was colder: in the upper Misstasippl States, Iilinots
and Indiana, |t was below freezing, and a belt of
| freezing wea(ber spread from Montana south to north-

ern Texas, the coldest was degrees below xero at | |

Denver

Heavy frost occurred In Tennessee, Mississippl, Ar
kansas, Kansas, Oklahoma and northern Texas.

In this city the day was cloudy and ratny; averawe
humidity, 93 percent; wind northeast to east, aver
age velocity sixteen miles an hour, barometer, cor
rected to read to sea level, at 8 A. M., A016: 3
P.M. 20.98

The temperature as recorded by the offclal ther
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the

| street level, is shown in tne annexed table

-O Mcial~ Sun's.’ -OMeciai~ Sun's

1909, 1699, 1000, 1900. 1899. 1990

| @OA.M. 42° 45 42 6P.M.48° = 512 $9°
} 13M... .489 45° 15° OP. M.44? ia "4°
SP. M.44° 46° 44° 12 Mid... 42° 4h? 49°

WASHINGTON FORECAST POR
MORROW

TODAY AXD TO

For New England and eastern New York, showers

| followed by fairto-day; Saturday fair, (resn east winds

For the District of Columbia, eastern Pennsy!vanta,

| New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland and Virginia, fatr,

possibly preceded by showers carly ( Saturday
fair, variable winds,

For Tennessee, Kentucky, western New York
western Pennsylvania, Ohto. Indiana and Iitnols,
fair and warmer Wday and Saturday; southwest
winds,

»day

vall for prompt action on the part of |

“That part of Brooklyn re- |

| FULTON AND

heat taal
oe eed

YBa

 

Also “Elastic” Bookcases
Card Indexes, Desks.

TEST OF RATE OF WAGES LAW,

Can City Employees Still Sue on Work Done
Before May 12, 1899?

In an action brought by Hugh McCann, Jr.
as administrator of Daniel F, McCann, to re-
cover $71.37 from the city under the Prevail-
ing Rate of Wages law, argument was heard
by Justice Bischoff of the Supreme Court yes-
terday on a demurrer interposed by Corpora-
tion Counsel Whalen, who saya that the plain-
tiff has no cause of action. Dantel McCann had
worked as a rammer in the Department of
Highways prior to May 12, 190%). Justice
McAdam recently gave {t as his opinion in the
case of George Bock against the city that the
act of May 12, 18%, not only repealed the pre-
vious law under which the prevailing rate of

wages could be collected from municipalities |

direct, but took away all right of action which
hal already avcrued under the previous acts,

Assistant Corporation Counsel Hill set up the |

opinion of Justice McAdam in the preaent

action.

Carlos C. Alden, who was also counsel for
Bock, said that the Bock case had not been
argued before Justice McAdam on the effect of
the act of 180, The Judge had, however, gone
beyond the argument and given his opinion
that the act of LXOl) took away any cause of
action that had arisen under the laws of 1X4
and 1847 for work performed before the act ot
180)
parently overlooked the Statutory Construc-
tion act which preserved rights accrued under
statutes afterward repealed. ‘This act is Bec.
tion 31 of chapter 677 of the laws of 1802, said
Mr, Alden, and the pertinent part reads:

“The repeal of a statute or part thereof sholl
not affect or impalr any act done or righ! ac-
cruing, accrued or acquired, or liability, pen-
alty, forfeiture or punishment {nevrred prior
tothetime such repeal takes effect, but the
same muy be asserted, enforced, prosecuted or
fiflicted us fully and tothe same extent as if
such repeal had pot been effected,”

Justice Bischolt reserved decision,

FINED FOR RINGING A THIRD ALARM,
| Fire Captain Who Called Reserves to a
small Blaze Forfeita Ten Days’ Pay.

On the testimony of his superior ofileers that
he had committed a serious blunder and vio-
lateda Fire Department rule by sending out

| unnecessarily a third alarm Capt. James D,
Clifford of Enginu Company Y in East Broad-
way was fined ten days’ pay by Commissioner
| Scannell yesterday, The fire waa in theengine
room of the steamer Old Dominiun of the Joy
Line under Brooklyn
morning of March 30. Capt. Clifford was the
| first fire officer to appear, and he at once sent
out a third alarm. \

Deputy Chief Ahearn, Battalion Chiefs Mar-
| tin, Terpeny, Kruger and Guerin and Activ

Chief Larkin testified yesterday that the thirc
alarm Was unnecessary and that one company
| wae sufficient to putoutthe fire, Chief Croker
eaid that Clifford’s alarm unnecessarily ex-

raed a large section of the city downtown to

anger,

Capt. Clifford said that in his judgement a
third alarin was necessary,
the steamship he found a good fire there and
he considered his action justified, His only
witness was Fireman Tour of his company,
who turned im the third alarm on his captain's
order

It was Capt, Clifford who, at a recent mass
meeting inthe Grand Central Palace, made a
speech urging bis hearers to vssist in passing,
over the opposition of the elty authorities, the
bill dividing the Fire Department into day and

had condemned,

HULL OF AKIZONA NOT RELEASED,

Arrest on a Telegram From Providence
Held to Be Legal,

The application of George W. Hull, the Ari-
zona mining man, to be released on habeus
corpus from commitment by Magistrate Brann

| for examination to-day was dismissed yester-
day by Justice Fitzgerald of the Supreme
Court. He was arrested on a telegram from
the Chief of Police of Providence, RB, I., tothe

effect that he was wanted there for perjury, for
swearing in his divorce suit there that he was
aresident of the State, Justice Fitzgerald satd
that the procedure in Huil’s case was legal
and usual. The Justice said also that he could
not x ball while the case waa penuing before
'a Magistrate. Counsel for Huli applied to
| Judge Foster in General Sessions later in the
| day tor another writ of habeas corpus, Judge
| Foster told the lawyer that the second applica.
tion was very improper, as Justice Fitzgerald

 

had gone intothe matter aud rendered a de-

cision, No wril was granted.

GUILTY OF CASSIE BOAN'S MURDER,

|

{

| Two Men Who Helpedto Kil Her ana Burn
Her Body Get Life Imprisonment.
|
i

Couumpr, 8. C., April 12.—The jury in the
Cassio Boan murder case found the defendants,
Harvey and Johu Jackson, guilty of the mur-
der of the girl, but recommended them to
merey. Why these men, who took the girl
into the woods, kept her there for more than

a day, then to save themselves killed hor and

set the body and clothing on fire, should get

merey is @ matter that the back woods of Ches-

terfleld only can solve, It was probably a com-

promise with one or two friends of the accused
onthe jury, The court met two hours before
daylight to hear the verdict.

the recommendation to merey saved the

necks of the men, They were sentenced to im-
prjeonment for life at bard labor. Solicitor
Johnaon, it is understood, has information {m-
plicating several other white men in this
crime and more prosecutions are expected,

\

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

Fire In the Standard Gas Works at the foot of Eas.
115th street caused a loss of $1,500 yesterday morning
A verdtet for Robert J. Lusk in hts suit for absolute
divorcee from Isabel Lusk on the ground of her rela
| Hons with Richard Kenworthy was given yesterday
by the Jury before Justice McAdam
Fronk BE. Sherwin, the broker arrested Inet Friday
on «a charge of swindling made by Mrs Ann Suss of
200 West Elghty-seventh street, one of his clients,
| was held in $2,000 batl yesterday for trial
\ petition in involuntary bankruptey was filed
yesterday against the Mechanical Engineering and
Construction ¢ company of 63 Filth avenue by weveral
small creditors. rhe company seld acetylene gas
machines for household use
James Moran of South Hadley Valls, Mass,
removed from a Raines law hotel in Thirty fourth
treet to Bellevue Hospital yesterday — It 1s doubtful
whether he If insane or suffering from delirlum te
mens. He bad lettersreeommending him as an expert
accountant
A hospital for sick horned animals is being con
| structed between the deer paddock and the enst bridle
sath In Central Park rhe t otng Will contain four
Another hospital for igvalia i
“up in another part of

was

stalls
other caged animals ts to be 5
the menagerie

AM

But, he said, Justice McAdam had ap- |

Bridge early on the |

When he reached |

night shifts, which the department officially |

; thought that al! would die,

j ally with the grouade, and

The Globe“Wernicke Co.

PEARL STS.

Globe - Wernicke
“Elastic” Filing

Cabinets

are invaluable for
lawyers. No Search
necessary to find
papers.

 

$16,000 JEWELRY ROBBERY,

Robbers = Enter by Second

Windows.
Take warning by the
misfortunes of others and
protect your property
| while you can.

Put it now in the
Mercantile

SAFE DEPOSIT

VAULTS in the

Equitable Building,
120 Broadway,
where it will be SAFE,

When You Buy

Furniture Here

You don’t have to pay extravagant: profits,
You don’t have to pay for costly experiments,
You don't have to pay for mistakes for
waste of any sort,

But you do have to pay for selected wood, fo
skilled work, Your money commands excel-
lence, Itcommands certainty, In no way that
we know of could it be more wisely invested.

Schmitt Brothers,

} Cor. 25th St. & 4th Ave.) Two
40 East 23d St. § Stores

Story

Two
Stores.

TEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL SHO},

Supposed to Bethe Result of the Careless
Use of au Airgun by a Boy.

Tarrytown, N. Y,, April 12.—Kittie Booek,
10 years old, was shot by some one with an air
rifle this afternoon while returning from
schoo! and is now lying In her home dangers
ously wounded. She was walking along Washe
ington street when she was hit. The bullet ene
tered just above the jefteye and penetrated, it
| is said, about one-half an toch, Bhe was taken

to the Tarrytown hospital, where Dr, J.C,

Todd was forced to use a knile in order to ree

move the bullet.

The police suspect she was shot by a boy, the
s0n of wealthy parents, but no arrests have as
et been made. It 1s not suppose! she was hit
ntentionally, The people are much worried
over the affair. Presideut Gross of the village
has caused @ notice to be published that boys
using aad guns on te plgnware ooer ane are
rested Miss Boock is the daughter of Mr, and

Mrs. Fritz Booek of Wildey street,

ONE WOMAN KILLS ANOTHER,

Mrs, Johnston Shoots Miss King, Whe
Threatened Her—Petty Gossip the Cause.

CuHarLeston, W. Va., April 12.-News has
reached here to-day of the fatal shooting yes
terday of Miss Maud King, who resides near
Handley, in Kanawha county, by a neighbor,
Mrs, John Johnston. The shooting was the
outcome of an attempt of Miss King to enter
the home of Mrs, Johnston for the purpose, as
she said, to whip her, The affair grew out of
some trivial talk indulged in by two small sons
of Mrs. Johnaton, rs, Johnston tried to
preity the King woman without success, Then
Mrs. Jobnston secured a pistol aud fired threa
shots into the air to frighten Ler away, but she
continued advancing toward her, when the
fourth shot from Mrs, Johnston’s pistol passed
into her head, Mrs. Johnaton is the wife of a
miner, It is reported to-night that Miss King
died this afternoon,

POISON IN THE COFFE”,

An Attempt to Killa Preacher's Family ta
Fort Wayne—Four Lives in Danger.

InpIANAPOLIS, April 12.—The Rev. U. 0,
Cissel, pastor of the Berry Street Method'st
Church at Fort Wayne, his wife and Mr. and
Mra. Keisling, parents of Mrs. Cissel, wera
victims of poison lastnight, and foratime it was
The symptoms in-
dicated arsenical polaoning, butthe members of
the family contended that such a thine was im-
possible, as they did not keep any servants and
the meals had been prepared by Mrs. (iss
herself. An analysis of the coffee tol.”
showed that rat pofson had been mixed |ihe:-

It is supposed
someone entered the kitchen between the no.
Junch and the evening meal und yp 'aced the
poison in the eoffee,

FELL WITH A STA

John D, Runyon and Joseph DB, spiccr ef
Piaintield Injured.

Praisrieny, N.J., April 12.—A stairway io

IRCASE,

 

ems, tigers and |

the large Jumber shed of Boiee, Runyon & Co,
in Park avenue, gave away this afternoon as
| John D. Runyon, one of the firm, and Joseph
D. Spicer of West Fifth atreet were cliinbing

it, Both men were thrown to the ground. @
distance of thirty-flve feet, and were seriously
injured. Mr. Spicer sustained a fracture of the
right thigh and nose, and the physician thinks
the base of his akulhiatractured. He haa not
regained consciousness since the accident Mr,
Kunyon fractured several ribs, and his breast
| bone was tnjured, Mr, Spicer’s chances of ree
| covery are slight, and Mr, Runyon’s are not
| much better,

Silver Service for the Albany.

The citizens of Albany will present a silver
service to the United States cruiser Albany, A
committee appointed by Mayor Blessing

awarded the contract for the service on Sature
day evening, The design forthe service is tha
, work of Designer Storrs of the firui ot Wilcox
| & Eversten ot Meriden, Conn., and Robert D
Williams. The service ineludes a punch bow),
which ha@ a capaeity of 48 pints. Lhe bowl
will be 21 inches high and will weigh 800
ounces, Withit are 24 goblets each weighing
Sounces, Each piece will he appropriately in.
scribed, ‘The service aloo includesa platter for
-Aplatter for gama, ty ‘entre dishes,
| Sen jane Hifres, ao Ji-inch vewetable dish, two
candelabra, six bon bon dishes, six salts and
SIN SAL apPOONS, SIX Dep
| all of which Joealeymb
engraved, Theservice

} roasts

“rs and Six vases, on
| decorations will be
t $4,500

LD SEAL

ERICA’S BEST

CHAMPAG:

FERMENTED IM Th
aM oo

Yrevuatdsed as a Toric

Jer Cozvale.

CRPOLU?T LIN"
ZESS TAIT C
PRICK OF Tris

ANA WI

"COIZES,
Py
Ie

IMPOR

_ AT

Sa

NE Co,

RBAVA,N.