he.
has

yese
near
bor,
the
nter
P, as
pt of
sons
1 to
hen
rea
she
the

oft
ing

med
oon

the

 

 

 

yor TO KEEP, KUT JUST TO HEAD
Orr “MAMMA” FECKER,

Woman Flashed a Writ of Habeas Corpus
on Her Masband and Benny Went to
the Gerry Society Temporarily—Childless
couple on the Lahn Wantto Adopt Him,

Conrad Benjamin Fecker (as he is called by
the only parents he ever knew), the five-yeare
oli boy who sailed from Bremen on April 3 io
charge of the stewardess of the North German
Lioyd steamer Lahn, arrived here yesterday
mternoon, He was met at Quarantine by
Charles Conrad Focker,whom he believes to be
his father, and at the North German Lloyd ptor
in Hoboken by Mrs. Amber Rhoda Cannon
Fecker, whom he calls “Mamma,” but whom
he says he doesn’t ike because she’s “bad.”
With Mrs. Fecker was George Robinson, a law-
yer, who, a soon as Feckor stepped upon the
pier from the steamer, served upon hima writ
of habeas corpus issued by Justice Fitzgerald,
by which Fecker was commanded to produce
the bey in the Supreme Court in this county
at 10:30 o'clock yesterday morning. The writ
was issued on the representation of Mrs.
Fecker that her husband was holding the enild
for ransom.

Ashasbeen told {a Tae Sun, Mrs, Fecker
wants to obtain the custody of the child, allog-
ingthatitis hers by adoption, although she
says shacan show no paper or document to
prove it. Fecker does not profess to have any
legal claim upon the boy, but asserts that his
wife isan unfit person to have charge of him
and wants him committed tosome Institution,
pending an attempt to find his parents or other

relatives, He says that h!s wife has told him

that she kidnapped the boy. [In order
to make sure that neither his” wife
nor her representative should get hold

ofthe child first, Fecher obtained a pass to go
down the bay on @ revenue cutter and board
the Lahnat Quarantine, When Fecker boarded
the steamer he saw on the forward deck aamall
mite of humanity dressed in a blue sailor sult,
pea jacket, brown kid gloves «nda velvet cap,
surrounded by @ company of men and women,
each of whom seemed to be paying court to the
little traveller, As he approached the group,
Veeker valled out:

“Hello, Benny!

The little fellow looked up, saw the man and
burst through the crowd, erying:

“My papal My papa!’

Fecker caught up the boy in his arma and the
next few minutes seemed to be especially
pleasant for both, The little chap was booked
from Bremen a8 @ second-cabin passenger, but
the steamer had not been out two days before
Benny had made friends witha man and his
wife from Philadelphia, and they, learning that

he hal no one to look after him but the atewe
ardess, insisted on taking him totheir own
stateroom tn the firsteabin. When this couple
heard hia story from Fecker, they said they had
no children and offered to adopt him as secon as
the necessary papers could be made out. A
man and wife, living in Pourteenth street,
nace the same offer and took Fecker's address,

Mrs, Fecker and her lawyer were on the ex-
treme end of the pler when the Lahn hove in
sight, and as soon as the woman could distin-

suish the boy in the arms of her husband she
Cegan erving: “Benny! Benny! Benny!” She
kept this up at intervals of about ten seconde
until the steamer was warped into the pler and
the gangplanks were hauled aboard. As soon
as Fecker with the boy on one arm and his
satche!| and some other belongings tied up in
a sheet on the other stepped on the pier the
woman rushed at Benny to embrace him. The
littlachap took no notice of her. When she
tried to kias him he hid his face on Fecker's
shoulder. When she did finally succeed in
finding a bit of his cheek which he couldn't
hide and kissed St, he promptly wiped that part
of his face with his gloved hand. Mrs. Fecker
burst into tears and exclaimed:

“Isn't it awful to see how
turned the child away from me?

Then Lawyer Robinson served the writ of
haheas corpus, . =

“That's all right,” said Fecker, “I'll go be.
fore the Judge all right. That's what I want
todo, but I'll go in my own way and take my
own time,”

“Don't you let him out of your sight,”
ecreamed Mrs, Fecker, “or he'll run away with
the child.” Then, turning to some of the news-
paper men, she said:

“If he don’t give up that child there'll be the
bloo tiest sort of a fight here in a few min-
utes.”

“What's that?” exclaimed Fesker, overhear-
ingthe remark. “I suppose you_think you'll
try to shoot somebody again. That's an old
game of yours.”

“There wont be any shooting here,” aaid
Robinson, “If you think she's gota gun, have
her searched.”

“Yes, that's it,” said Mra, Fecker, “have me
searched. Do it right here.”

“Youcan bet there wont be any shooting
here.” said Capt. Hayes of the Hoboken lice
pushing his way through the crowd. “And it
you folks don’t goon over to New York quietly

‘lL lock you all up.”

Fecker started down the pier, but was {nter-
ppoeeg by a Hoboken lawyer, who told him a

ew York writ was not operative in New Jersey
and advised him to remain jn the State where
he was. Fecker thought it over for a while
and decided he'd go to New York anyway.

Kobinson called a carriage. Mrs, Fecker got
{o, and Robinson motioned Fecker to follow
withthe boy,

"What!" exclaimed Fecker, ‘Ride to New
York in the same carriage with you and that
woman! I guess not. I guess I'll go to the
Station house and settle it all here.”

Xo the whole outtit, followed by a big crowd,
perched off to the police station. Then Capt

ayes explained the situation to the Chief, but
eald he had nocharge to prefer against any one,

What did you bring them here for then?”
asked the Chief." I taid you notto arrest them
Unease they became disorderly.”

But he wouldn’t go on to New York,” ex-
Plaine: the captain.

hat's none of your business,” said the

Chief. ‘He can stay here long as he chooses
if he behaves himself.”

. Well,” said Robinson, “if he wont go to New
York, we'll prefer a charge of kidnapping
againet him right now, and you ean hold him
on that,”

The Hoboken police were evidently not
anxious to be mixed up in the case, and finally
the Chief agreed to anne two detectives along
with the party to New York, and Robingon tel-
McClusky to have a de-
tective or two at the New York side of
the ferry to escort all hands to Justice
Fitzgerald's court, Fecker assented to this,
On the wav over everybody in the men’s cabin
tried to make friends withthe boy. Anybody of
Whom his “papa” approved he would talk tu,

hen some one who had got on speaking
terms with him playfully remarked that he
didn't like his “papa,” he began to hug Fecker
for all he was worth,

But you like your mamma, too,” said the
Bew-found friend
. Nix,” sald the little fellow emphatically,
‘Why not?” asked the man.
Cause my mamma ts bad.”

Justice Fitzgerald signed an order commit.
ting Denny to the care of the Gerry society till

chley, Assistant District Attorney Blumen-
tha! said that the District Attorney would now
taken hand in the case in the interest of the
ehiidand conducta searching investigation to
flod cutto whom he belongs.

that man has

ephoned to Capt.

THE FOWLER HOMESTEAD BURNED,

Staten Island Firemen Stand By and See It
Destroyed,

An old landmark in Richmond Terrace, New
Brighton, Staten Island, known as the Fowler
homestead, was destroyed by tlre yesterday
afternoon. It was a frame building about ffty
years old and standing on an eminence, It
Was owned by Miss Margaret Fowler, a daugh-
ter of Hortimer Fowler, who' occupied the
house for many years, It had not been occu
Died for five years and had been falling to
birces, Miss Fowler, the owner. isanunina

Baltim ‘re convent and has not pald attention
pone building. ‘Tramps have frequented the
mite asa place of rest, and it ia said that
Children have built flres in the cellar. The
Sructure has been afire seven times within tha
Past six weaks and, as there was no insurance
on the builting, and, as it would be only a
dvestion of tine, they considered, before it
Prat fall to pieces, the flremen. allowed the
dred o& to burn tothe ground, Several hun-
Whe ersons Watched the building burn,
while the firemen stood by to prevent any
‘amage from sparks to adjoining buildings,

The Seventh Regiment's Great Anniversary,

The veterans of the Seventh Regiment ore to

haven great dinnerat the armory on April 19

at o'clock, and the occasion ia to be made
lt ‘Aly memorable because it is the anni+
the ot? {the departure of the regiment to
i vl Wer in N61. Over four hundred

vy oF '

to Pius have alre uly signified their intention

Sy ain * dinner tis to be one of the great
HTS in the regiment's social history,

‘Salleate Bays the Jamaica Bank,
“Jamaica Bank has been sold to a syndi-

car,

. heaved by Alvin Young, Secretary of the
‘ hrust Company, The bank was or.
ere - | ISS and the en; itul stoek is $50,.
Prore att ourplus of 350,000 and undivided

 

ts anvonr
terest
hat br
ichm

ing to $7,000, —& controlling ine
Was secured at 250, It is understood
Hiches may be established in Newtown,
nd HN aud other places,

 

“PAPA G ETS BENNY FECKER | NO PREACHER, ae. JUST A COP,

’

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
   
  
  
     
   
   
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  

 
 

SO

 

Lowe, the Policeman Evangelist, Conducts
@ Brother Officer's Funeral,

Policeman Herbert Lowe of the Ralph avenue
station in Brooklyn has served fifteen years on
the force and has achieved a name as a brave
offcer, Ile is sometimes called the “singing
evangelist.” He lives with his wife and daughter
at 161 Bleecker street. When he bas a day «ff
he visits police court prisons, the Kings county
penitentiary, the Raymond street Jail and other
public institutions, where he prays with and sings
to the inmates. He is not regarded as a fanatic,
and he is popular with bis fellow policemen, On
one occasion he said

“Lam no religious crank. Ltry to talk common
sense. I don't want to be known as a preacher,

butam content to be known as ‘Lowe, the Cop.”

When Henry Lillenthal, who for many years
was attached tou the Ralph avenue station, died
on Monday there was mourning in the Bastern
district, where he was known to almost every
min, woman and child. His brother officers
held a meeting to prepare for the funeral. There
was none among them whe knew what Lillen
thal’s religion was, eo they consulted his widow
and she agreed to leave the arrangements for
the services in theie hands, Policeman Lowe
was selected unanimously to conduct the funeral

Shortly after 1 o'clock on Wednesday after-
noon those of the command who could be spared,
led by Capt. Ennis and Sergt. Sutton, went
to the home of the Lillenthals at 14 Van Voor-
hees street. There were no clergymen present.
“Lowe, the Cop,” offered prayer and read from
the Bible and then mnade a litte address,

“There is no particular creed in these services,”
he said. “We are here as brothers, One of us
has departed to the home which awaits us all, A
man whois just to his fellow men, obeys the Com:
mandments and by his example makes the world
better, is sure of a place in heaven,”

Lowe then sang “In the Sweet ye and Bye.”
Many of the other policemen joined in the singing
and those who didn't know all the words con
tributed to the deep volume of the chorus. The
body was buriedin RvergreensCemetery, At the
grave Lowe spoke briefly and all who were present
repeated with him the Lord's Praver.

Sergt. Sutton, who was on duty at the Ralph
avenue station yesterday, said to a SUN reporter:

“[ have been thirty years on the police force,
There ts a lot of us policemen who don’t take after
religion, but Herbert Lowe's words.at that funeral
moved every nan who attended it. There was not
a cop there who did not admire Lowe, Some of
them cried. He is no hypocrite. He can go out
and fight the worst tough that ever lived and he
can be as gentle as an angel. If there ever was
4 man who was a good Christian and who lived
as he talked, that is Lowe. I tell you when you
find twenty tive policemen standing up in 4 line
crying there must be something in what Lowe
said. He's all right) Every man in the house
will tell you the same.”

$10,000 FOR MKS, BARRY’S INJURY,

Testimony That the Jar of a Train Looe
ened One of Her Kidneys.

Robert McKean Barry and his wife of this
city obtained a joint verdict for $10,000 yeater-
day {in a suitagainstthe Pennsylvania Railroad
Company, which was tried in the Supreme Court
in Jersey City. On Sept. 21 last Mrs, Barry
and her husband and infant child were return-
ing home from Baltimore ona Pennsylvania
Railroad train. Thetrain stopped at Tarleton
atation, near Philadelphia, to have an addl-
tional car attached to it. The jolt resulting
from attaching the extra car knocked Mrs,
Barry down, and Dr. Dickinson, her physictan
testified atthe trial that the accident oauge
one of her kidneys to become movable, Dr,
John D, MeGillfor the defence testified that
Mrs. Harry hada floating kidney, which oeca-
sionally occurs in women. The jury awarded
Mrs. Barry $8,000 and her husband $2,000 for
the loss of her companionship. The verdict
will be appealed. Mr. Barry |e conetruction
paymaster inthe employ of the Metropolitan
Street Railway Conpany in this city.

NAVY YARD NEWS,
Prairie to Leave for New Orleans on Sunday
~[tinerary of the Buffalo.

The schoolship St. Mary's was floated into
drydock atthe Navy Yard in Brooklyn yester-
day. She will be put in condition for the spring

cruise.

The cruiser Prairie will leave for New Orlgans
on Suncay morning next. Her battery of
6-{nch guns were mounted yesterday.

The converted cruiser Buffalo, which has

been turned Into a training ship, will leave the
Yard on April 21 for the League Island Navy
yard, where she will take aboard JOU lands-
men. She wil! then proceed to the Norfolk
Navy Yard, where 450 landamen will be taken
on boar!. Capt. Charles T. Hutchine has ar-
ranged this itinerary: She will arrive at Faval,
Azores, May 1%; Gibraltar, May 25; Liabon,
May 28; Gravesend, June 11; Christiania, June
26; Copenhagen, July 4; Stockholm, July 13;
Kiel, July 21; Havre, Aug 3. She will remain
at Havre until Aug. 31, giving the crew time to
vialt the Paris Exposition. The Buffalo is due
at this porton her return trip about Sept, 15,

SEEKS SPITTING ORDINANCE TEST,
Lawyer Wolf Keeps After the Elevated
Passenger Whose Arrest He Caused.

Lawyer Samuel L. Wolf of 125 East Reventy-
third street went tothe Yorkville police court
yesterday and asked fora warrant for the re-
arrest of Ambrose W. Clayton, the doorkeeper
of the Grand Jury room, whose arrest he caused
for expectorating {n a Third avenue elevated
railroad car on Wednesday, and who was die-
charged in the Centre street court. He wanted

to have the apitting question tested in court,
Wolf said.

“Suppose a man in a public conveyance was
suffering from catarrh and was obliged to
cough and expectorate," said Magistrate Mayo,
“would you advocate hia arrest?”

“Let him use a handkerchief,” replied Wolf,
“It he had no handkerchief he should awal-
low,”

“Would you?”

“T believe I would.”

The Magistrate gave him a summons for
Clayton and set the examination for to-day,

 

TO BE PUT OUT OF COMMISSION,

The Monitors Monterey and Monadnock to
Be Withdrawn From Active Service,

Wasuinaton, April 12.—The Navy Depart.

ment has decided to retain the monitors

Monterey and Monadnock permanently on
the Asiatic station. One will be put
out of commission soon and the
other, if not _similariy disposed, will
be sent to use 48

Nagasak} for

a gunnery practice ship. Life inthe tropics on
these low freeboard craft is almost unbear-
able, and there {s a standing order that no
officers or men must serve on monitors
in the Philippines for more than six months,
The principal reason for the determination
to withdraw them from active service is that
the occasion for that service has passed and
that they will not be needed again except in
the event of foreign complicattona involving
the Philippines. Their craws will help fill out
the short complements of other vessels in the
archipelago.

GAGE ON OUR BANKING SYSTEM,

 

 

 

The Secretary Says Onr Banks Should Be
Much Larger, but Fewer in Number.

Wasninatosx, April 12.—Secretary Gage
lectured to-night before the Columbian Unl-
versity School of Comparative Jurisprudence
and Diplomacy His talk was an aca-
demie exposition of the American bank-
Ing system, followed by personal ob-
servations on various aspects of his

subject. The most interesting potnt made was
that our banks shoud be much larger but
fewer in number, somewhat asthey are in Eng-
land, “In timeof panic the anbstantial banks
—large institutions with sufficlent reserves—
are not affected,’ he said, “itis the amall and
weak concerns that fail, But while the public
attitude towards trusts and corporations re-
mains as it is, any movement toward thisend is
a practical impossibility.”

Movements of Naval Vessels,

Wasurnoton, April 12 ~The gunboat Vixen
has arrived at San Juan, andthe gunboat New-
portandthe tug Standish at Annapolis. The
collier Marcellus is to be withdrawn from ser-
vice on her arrival at Norfolk, but metained in
commission with a skeleton crew

 

 

Barney — Wise.

Ricumonp, Va, April 12.—News has been
received here ot the matriage yesterday at
Cane Charles, Va, of Miss Eva Db. Wise,
daughterof Capt. John 8, Wise of New York,
to Mr. James VP. Barney, the son of the lute
Edward — Barney, & wealthy planter, Ho
served as a Captain in the Volunteor army
during the Spanish-American War.

 

Barnes ~ Craig.

Greenwiew, Conn,, April 12.—Robert Barnes
and Miss Jesste Garvin Craig wore married at
the Presbsterian Church by the Kev. R. L
Jnekson at4P M, to-day. Misa Hattie Terry
of Brooklyn was maid of honor, Frederie Tal-
bet, best man, Franklin Moshe, and Chester
MeCord, ushers

Buy Your Easter Gloves at O'Netil's,

New Importation of Jouvin & Cle's celebrated Gloves
just received. Oth ay, 2uth to Zistst~Ade,

 

  
    
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  

|

|
|
|

THE SUN, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1900.

 

 

———

VICTIM OF EAR DISEASE,

KIMBILL DIES AFTER 4
OPERATIONS,

 

Fr. DD,
SERIES Or

DR,

 

He Was the House Gynecologist at the City
Hospital and a Brilliant Career Seemed
Before Him—Mastolditis
Attack of Grip - Hts Death na Surprtae,

The friendsof Dr. Prank D.Kimbal!, the house

a

Followed an |

gynecologist of the City Hospital on Blackwell's |

Ieland, were startled to learn yesterday that he | day

had died in the New York Eye and Far Infirm.
ary in this city
his absence from the City Hospital, the surprise
was the greater and gave eolortoa rumor that
was circulated that suppurative meningitts,
which caused Dr. Kimball's death, was the re.
sultofa fracture of the skull and that the
doctor had possibly met with foul play.

The rumor was disposed of by a certificate
filed with the Health Board yesterday, after an
autopay had been made at the Hospital
setting forth that Dr. Kimball's death was due
tosuppurative meningitis following mastoid.
itis, a well-known disease of the mastoid, that
portion of the bone behind the ear, Complaint
was made, however, that the autopsy had been
performed without the consent of Dr. Kimball's

relatives, most of whom live in Vermont, and
that they were not represented at the autopsy,

Dr. Sidney P. Phelps of the City Hospital
atafl, who waa Dr. Kimball's roommate in the
Biack well’s Island institution, said yeaterday
that the rumor that Dr. Kimball's death was
due to violence was too ridiculous to be worth
denial, 2

“No one supposes for a moment,” said Dr.
Phelps, “that averything possible waa not done
to save Dr. Kimball's |ife. He bad any number
of friends and his professional career had been
extraordinarily successful. He was often
called in consultation on important eases in
various parts of the city, a high honor forso
young a physician, and he was devoted to his
practice,

“A few montha ago Dr. Kimball contracted
the grip and was ill fora week. He recovered
and did not complain of illness again until
about three weeks ago, when he had another
gripattack but remained on duty. Two weeks
ago to-day, while at work ou a case with Prof,
George Brower, he complained of asudden pain
in his right ear, The pain increased and on
the following night he went to bed, He re-
mained in bed until Sunday, when I called in
Dr. F. J. Quintan, At his request Dr, Kimtatl
went to his office for an examination and Dr,
Quinlan found that Dr. Kimball was sulfering
from a disease of the rightear He was oper
ated upon in Dr. Quinlan’s office and was thea
sentto Miss Alston's private hospital at 143
West Forty-seventh street. His condition not
improving, a second operation was performed
on the same ear. A few days later the left ear
became affected also, and un operation was
performed on that ear,

“Dr, Kimball's condition seemed to improve
after this until last Sunday night, when he re-
lapsed, Consultation in his case was then
held by Dr. Quinlan, Dr. Gorham Bacon of 47
West Fifty-fourth street and Dr, Frederick
Whiting of 47 West Fiftieth street, Asa result
an operation was deemed advisable mpen the
mastoid, Dr. Kimball was transferred tothe
New York Eye Infirmary lust
Monday — afternoon operated on by
Dr. Whiting at  l0o'clock that night.
He apparently did_ not. suffer much
from shock, but about three hours later he bes
came delirious and then passed into a state of
coma. He died at 5:10 o'clock on Thursday
morning.” :

Dr. Whiting is an authority, on mastoiditis,
He sald last night that Dr Kimball was un-
conscious at the time he was taken tothe ve
and Far Infirmary on Monday. “He waa too
far gone to be saved,” added Dr. Whiting. An
autopsy performed to-day proved that the dis-
ease had affected the brain. If he had been
operated on before this happened his life
would probably have been saved. We perform
on an average 200 of these operations a year,
and nearly all prove successiul. Mastoiditis
often follows the erlp. Is appears to be epi-
demic just now, and we are treating more
cases than were ever heard of before.

Dr. Kimball was a qraduate of Dartmouth
Collage and of the New York University
Medical School. He was appointed on the City
Hospital staff in December, 1808

and kar
and

 

STATE BOARD OF CHARITIES,

W. R, Stewart Re-elected President ~Insti-
tutions Approved and Licenses Granted,

ALBANY, April 12.—The State Board of
Charities, at its annual meeting to-day, re-
elected William Rhinelander Stewart of New
York city as its President for the elghth con-
secutive term, and Dr. Enoch V. Stoddard of
Rochester as Vice-President for the sixth cone

secutive term.

The incorporation of the following Inatitue
tions waa approved by the board: The Dobbs
Ferry Hospital Association; the Maronite
Benevolent Society of New York City; Guild for
Crippled Children of the Poor of New York
City; House of Calvary, New York city; Ladies’
Hebrew Benevolent Association of Green-

voint; Hebrew Ladies’ Relief Association of

heater, and the Corning Hospital, d

The board also approve! plans tora hospital
for both the Monroe and Onondaga County
Almshouses and plans forsmal! buildings at
the Craig Colony and Weatern House of Kefuge,
as well as plane for building improvements by
the Brooklyn Charities’ Department.

A letter was sent to Gov. Rooseve't objecting
to Assemblyman Piatt’s bill, which the letter
saysis designed to prevent the board from
continuing the investigation at the Soldiers’
Home at Bath or to permit of a future investi-
gation.

Dispensary licenses were granted to the fol-
lowing institutions: The Vanderbilt Clinie,
Sixtieth street and Amateriam avenue, New
York city, and Dispensary of Loomis Sanjta-
rium for Consumptives, City Branch, 104 West
Forty-ninth street, New York city.

 

Bills Signed by the Governor.

Avpany, April 12,—Gov. Roosevelt

signed the following bills:

Mr. Allds’s, establishing the New York State Hoe.
pital for the care of cripples and deformed children tn
ornear New York city and appropriating $15,000
therefor

Mr. Ahearn's, authorizing Troy to expend $1,250,.-
O0v for an increased water Supply

Mr. Costello's, authorizing Boards of Supervisors
of each county to provide for the holding of bienntal
town meetings on the second ‘Tuesday of March

Mr. Knipp's, providing for the appointment of an
Assistant Superintendent and Chaplatn in the El
mira State Keformatory

Mr. Metzler's, permitting the County Treasurer of
any county andthe Comptroller of New York elty
with the consent of the State Comptroller, to settle
the transfer taxon “remainder” portions of estates,

Mr Wheeler's, amending the Election law by pro-
widing for additional ballot boxes at town ineetings.

Senator Drackett's, amending the Taxable Transfer
act relative to the refunding of moneys which the
Courts have held to have been erroneously assessed
by the State

Senator Humphrey's, appropriating $15,900 forthe
establishment and maintenance of « State Sehool of
Clay Working and Ceramics at Alfred University in
Allegany county.

toeday

Claims Against the State,

AuBayy, April 12.—Four more counties to-
day filed claims nogainst the State with the
Court of Claims for State taxes paid on rafl-
road property from 1880) to 180% They were
Suffolk county, which asks a retund of
$10,804; Tompkins, $5,758; Rensselaer, 88,502,
and Herkimer, $10,714.

Paterson Election Vight Proves Fatal.

Paterson, N.J., April 12.—Joseph MeGlade,
who wasshotin an election row on Tuesday in
the saloon of Garry Gould at 7 Peach streot,
died to-day at St. Joseph's Hospital. William
Francis, who did the shooting, wae committed
to jailon a charge of murder. Franels col.
lapsed When he learned ot the deatho! MeGiade
and stimulants had to be given to him before
he coulll be taken to acell. In his ante-mortem
statement MeGlade declan that he had had
no trouble with Franeis, ancis, however,
pays that MeGlade,who wasatone time a prize.
fighter, had been annoying and threatening
himon the street aud followed him into the
enioon. He did not draw the revolver, he sava,
itil MeGiade seized the collar of his coat and
began hauling him about

 

Miss Vermeule to Wed Lieut. Pearson,

Pratnrienp, N.J., April 12.—Announcement
has just Leen made of the approaching mar-
riage of Miss Marguerite Vermeule, daughter
of Mrs. Sarah Vermes f Watchung avenue,
and Vlent. Samuel B. Pearson, U.S. AL, whois

stationed at Port Duchesne, Utah. It was
planned that the wedding should. tace place at
the home of the bride, bat Lieut. Pearson eouid
not get wsulliciently long leave of absences
Miss Vermeuie will, therefore, start: West next

 

  
  

week Abd meet her future husband at Salt
Lake City, where they will be marred. They
willthen take up thetr residence at Fort) Du-

chesne

Three Men Hurled Under a Locomotive,

BELLEFONTE, Pa, April 12.—A Ponnaylvania
Railroad engine was returping empty to
Snowshoe to-day after a trp to the Sugar
Camp mine, Your men were on it, three
of them riding on the flreman's — side.

When round.ng w sharp curve the engine left
the track and after running about sixty feat
on the ties tell over a 4-loot embankment into
aswamyp, burying three of the men underneath
it The engineer escaped through the cab
window, The others were killed at onee,

“If You See It in ‘the Sun,’ It's So,""

This is usually astrueof an advertisement as
Of a news or editorial statement, Ade,

As few of them had known of |

 

 

“SPORT” KNKW IS MASTER,

 

And That Settled a Controversy in a
Brooklyn Court,

There was a ispute in the Adams street

court in Brooklyn vesterday over the owner-

ship of a little fox terrier, that had almost

caused a riot In the Fulton street shopping dis. |

trict on the previous afternoon, The dog was
presented to Mrs. H. EB. Ludwig of 408 Degraw
street by a boy a few days ago and when she
went downtown on» shopping towron Wednes-

with her sister she carried the dog
along. While she was inspecting the shoe
window of # large department store Mrs,

Charles Dickerson of i408) Lawrence street
espled the dog and declared that it belonged to
Philip Gerhardt, her sevon-vear-old nephew of
2s Jay street, who had been inconsoiable
since its disappearance, She said itsname nas
Sport. There was a great hub-bub over the
matter and the controversy got so exciting that
the participants and the dog were all conducted
tothe Adama street station,

The poliee took possession of the dog for the
hight and the claimants were told to be in
courtin the morning. When Magistrate Bran
rer heard their statements be said to the of-
fleer who had charge of the dog:

“Let him loose and T will award him tothe
nerson he follows.” The dog on being fread at
ones bounded to little Philip Gerhardt and fol-
lowed him out of the court evident joy,
Later the boy returned to the cofft with a sil-
vercollar, with whieh Mra. Ludwig had daco-
rated the dog, and which he considered he
had no right to retain.

 

GUT BY UNI@N LABOR PICKETS,

 

Work Resumed on the Merchants’ Loan
Building in Chicago,

Caicago, April 12.~Eighty non-union work-
men passed 100 union pickets this morning
and resumed work on the Merchants’ Loan and
Trust building. They will sleep in the big
building guarded by twenty private watchmen,
Meals will be served them and it will not be
made necessary for them to leave the building
again until the work is finished. This
was decided at a conference of tne cone
tractors held this afternoon. An unusually
large) number of union pickets sur-
rounded the building. They approached
the workmen and sought to keep them trom
going to work. Twenty policemen, sworn in
W the contractors, and a half dozen city police
otfeers were on guard. and their presence had
a good affect. Several non-union workmen
Were persuaded to abandon the job, but the
majority absolutely refused to listen to the
picketa’ arguments,

Interior carpenter work on. the building has
come toa standstill asa result of a failure on
the partlof the Carsley Manufacturing Com.
pany, 2252 LaSalle street to deliver any more
mi!l work to the contractors, This action was
taken in accordance with a rule adopted which
provided that no work shall be Gelivered to
non-union jobs. The Woodworkers Union
threatened ty call @ atrike it any of the work
was delivered,

Several large manufacturing companies of
Chicago are said to be figuring on re-
moving their. plants to other cities
where labor difleulties are uncommon, A
mass mecting was held in Aurora to discuss
means of securing manufacturing industries
which are being driven from Chicago. The
meeting, was held upon invitation of the
Aurora Merchants Association, which had com-
munications from four Chicago manufacturing
concerns,

WANT JAPANESE BARRED oOvT,

Labor Unions of the Northwest Have Started
a Crusade,

Tacoma, Wash.. April 12—The leaders of or-
ganized labor on Puget Sound are preparing to
Join the California labor unions in demanding
that Congress pass a law excluding the
Japanese from this country. The present Ine

flux of Japanese laborers started to Puget
Sound two years ago, when the northwestern
fajiroads began to hire them in place of white
aborers, Ten thousand gape are now at work
and whenthe rush to Alaska ceases there will
be trouble over the question of whether white
or Japanese labor shall work for these great
corporations.

Several members of the old “Committee of
Thirteen,” which in 1885 drove the Chinese
out of Tacoma, eciage that they are ready to
undertake similar work in the case of the
Japanese,

President McKinley Can't Be Expelled From
the Union.

Both President Klein of the Bricklayers
and Masons’ International Union, which has
its headquarters in this city,and President
Gubbins of the Chicago branch of the union
whois now in New York, said yesterday tha
President McKinley could not be expelled from
the Chicago branch, of which he is an honorary
member, because he did not act asthe union
would have him regarding the imprisonment
of the riotous miners tn Idaho.

Reading Street Car Men Ask More Pay,

Reapina, Pa, April 12.—The employees of
the United Traction Company have asked for
a second increase in wages. Some time ago
they were advanced from 12 to 13 cents an
hour and now they request 15 centa an hour,
which they say traction companies in other
third-clasa cities are paying. The men say all
necessaries of life have advanced,

 

 

Captared a Pair of Highwaymen.

Paterson, N. J., April 12.~John Leddy and
George Vanderveen were ov their way home
early this morning when they were held up o
West street by two roughs who demaniad
money. Refusal to give up precipitated a fight
that soon becaine desperate. The two young
men finally took the footpads captive to police
headquarters, The prisonera said they were
Joseph Connors of Port Oram and James
Thomas of Scranton. They were committed to
jail by Recorder Senior.

Mrs. Jennie Geib Gets a Divorce,

Stamrorp, Conn, April 12.—Mrs, Jennie
Geib gota divorce to-day from Dr, Geib, who,

{n 1807, eloped with Bessie Hall, a nurse in the
Stamford Hospital. He married her in Okla-
homa, where he secured a divorce, Mrs. Geib
went to Denver and there secured an annul-
ment of the husband's divorce. That made
Geiba bigamist. Mrs. Geib waa formerly Mrs.
Leeds. Geib married her soon after her hua-
band died and after he gota divorce from his
first wife,

The Damage Heavy at the Catholic Club

The fire on the top floor of the Catholio Club
in West Fifty-ninth street early yesterday
morning gutted the up i aery. of the building.
The flames did about $9,000 damage, but the
water which soaked through to the
on pulntings, books and
much greater loss,

oorsa below

urnishings added a

 

Going to bed to tumble and toss and
dream; to pursue in vain the phantom
sleep through long weary hours and rise
to a new day unrested and unrefreshed.
That is the way with many a woman, who
is tormented by the aches and pains re-
sulting from female weakness, and other
diseases of the delicate organs of woman,
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription was
made to cure just such cases and it does
what it was made for, Tt heals ulcera-
tion and i{M@ammation, dries debilitating
drains, cures female weakness, strength-
ens the body, soothes the nerves and
enriches the blood. It gives lasting
strength for the day and sound sleep
for the night,

"For three years I sutfered continually,” writes
Mrs. 1, J. Dennis, of $25 Bast College St.. Jack-
sonville, His. "J sompht vehef among the midial
f; fesston and found none, until induced to try

Ir. Pierce's Favorite Prescription When I
cominenced taking this medicine I weighed
Binety-five pounds. It built me up until nowt
weigh one hundred and fifty-siz pounds—inore
than T ever weighed before. I waa so had I
would lie fromm day to day and long for death to
come and relieve niy suffering. 1 had internal
inflammation, @ disagreeable drain, bearing
down pains and such distress every month. But
now I never have a pain—do all my own work
and amastrong and healthy woman. Thanks
to your medicine.”

Biliousness is banished by the use of
Dr, Pierce’s Pleasant Pellets,

   
 
   
  
   
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
    
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
 
   
 
 
  
  

LLL LLL SS | ES Ss Se Sasa s/o eee eee

 

EVANGELIST KROM QUITS,

ABANDONS 17H! FIELD IN ULSTER
AND SULIIVIN COUNTIFS,

 

Says He Had a Hard Time Preaching toa
“Generation of Vipers.’ and Now He
Will *Let ‘Ea Sizzle Through Eternity.’

Montice..o,N, Y., April 12.—Solomon Krom,
the missionary who is travelling through Sul-
livan, Ulsterand Delaware counties, laboring
with the unregenerate, and, as he expresses it,
“trying to vivilize the many heathens in those
counties,” is having much difleulty in) accom-
plishing his mission. The history of his labors
in this region dates back many weeks, when
at Bast Branch, Sullivan county, one of his ads
mirers made him a giftof a pairof homespun
mittens, Which he accepted with many thanka,
andthe next day syld for 25 cents, which act
immediately brought down the wrath of the
fair sex unon his head. A short time after,
while continuing his missionary labors in Dela-
ware county, he left his horse undera church
shed, and, after the meeting, when he went for
the animal, discovered a white horse instead
ofa dark bay, some one having covered it with
a heavy coat of whitewash,

Shortly after his Delaware county experience
Mr. Krom went to Ellenville, Ulster county,
where he got in trouble with Hyle Sheeley, who
boxed the missionary's ears, and Mr. Krom has
now appented to the law for revenge. After
leaving Ellenville he went to Old) Morsston,
Sullivan county, and exhorted there last Sun-
day night. After service he Sorted for Liberty,
and after driving a short distance da the bigh-
way switched off on the Ontario and Western
Railroad track, where his horse soon became
fast in atrestie. He then abandoned the horse
and wagon, and it was discovered by a ulght
track walker just before the arrival of the mid-
night express, The train was tlagged and the
horse and wagon removed, which undoubtedly
would have caused a serious wreek, Mr. Krom
thinks he has been imposed upon and sees to
vindicate himself tna letterto the Monticello
Watchman, dated at Ellenville, of which the fol-
lowing is A correct copy:

Rey. Solomon Krom has a hard time of it
Preaching toa generation of vipers in this part
of New York state. He had a new suit of cloes
and bout 15 dollurs in cash in his pocket book,
whch contained fifteen dollars in cash. His
moRey and his cloes and whip was stolen, and
the theaves laid a plot to drown him in the
Delaware but he got notes of it in tim to save
his life now he thinks it Is time to etop preach-
Ing to such an accursed and unregenerate cattle
for there ano hope forthem. He has striven
to save Them as brands from the burning, and
now let em sizzle through eternity in lake
burning with fire and brimstun, 7

Rey, Soromon Krom.”

   

 

HARD WORDS FROM DR, MQMENT,

 

Attacks the Presbytery for Ita Action inthe
MacClelland Case,

The Rev. Dr. Alfred H. Moment, who suo-
ceeded the Rev, George L, MacClelland as pas«
torofthe Immanuol Presbyterian Church tn
Flatbush, has written an open letter severely
criticising the Brooklyn Preabytery for its
action in dismissing the charges against the
Rev, Mr. MacClelland a few months ago, The
letter is addressed to ‘Mr. Moderator and

brethren.” and is to be published in pamphlet
form. He says among other things:

“We all have our severe condemnation of the
mother that wilfully strangles her own child,
The Brooklyn Presbytery isthat mother, Three
years ago she brought forth this legitimate off-
aeerag with prospects ag bright us any child
she everhad. Last winter, however, she saw
fit to put the rope about this little one's neck
and pull with all her might, Dr. Carson being
at one end of the rope and Dr. Foote at the
other, while the majority cneered them on

“Of those twenty-five members of the
Presbytery whose vote dismissed tha
MacClelland case, at least twelve knew
absolute nothing of the facta” in-
volved, ere, then, {9 the lamentable thing
that has called forth my mild rejoinder:
Through the intluence of dishonor, prejudice
and ignorance you did what no just and self.
respecting Loly of men wonld everdo, Last
October you were deeply imbued with the
thought that Brooklyn was in great need of

ou in the work of evangelization. Since then,
nowever, you have demonstrated your own
need of the evangel of the first principles of
right and wrong.”

r, Moment’s letter will probably come up
for discussion at the next meeting of the
ELrooklyn Presbytery.

 

REV, F.W. CROWDER AN EPISCOPALIAN

 

Methodist Minister Becomes a Lay Worker

in the Pro-Cathedral,

Té was learned yesterday that the Rey, F. W.
Crowder, formerly a Methodist minister of
Stamford, Conn., had just joined the Pro-
Cathedral in Stanton street as a lay helper,
preparatory to taking orders in the Episcopal
Church, Mr, Crowder was the pastor of the
largest Methodist church in Stamford. He
and hie wife were couflrmed last Sunday at
Stamford by Bishop Brewster of Connecticut
and were admitted to the Episcopal Church,
Mr. Crowder then came here and Bishop Potter
gave him the place of lay helperin the work
done at the Stanton Street Mission. It is Mr,
Crowder’s intention to remain at the Pro-
patnears: until his ordination to the priest.

ood,

 

BLIND MAN NEARLY A GAS VICTIM,

Life Ruined by Two Accidents Which Left
Him Sightless—Third Attempt to Die.

Louis Minicus, a blind saloonkeeper who has
extensive real estate holdings on the Fast Side,
attempted suicide yesterday morning In the
store room behind his saloon. His bartender,
opening the saloon in the morning, found him
seate | in oa chair, with both gas jets turned
on, and a handkerchlef knotted tightly
around his throat, Policeman Kahn, who was

called in from the atreet sent a hurry call to
Bellevue Hospital for an ambulance, and until
it came worked over Minicus himself, trying to
induce artificial respiration. His efforts proh-
ably saved the man’s life. Minicus was taken
tothe hospital and will recover, He is now in
the prison ward on a charge of attempted sul.
cide and will be taken to court as s00n as he js
able to leave the hoapital.

Minicus is 54 years old and has a wife, a son
and a daughter, He came to this country thirt
years “go poor as the proverbial church
mouse and started a saloon. Ten years ago he
was worth several hundred thousands ot dol-
lars, Then oneday, while walking along the
atreet, asmall boy threw a snowball at him.
hitting him in the eye and destroying the
sight. A few months later a bung ina beer
barre! blew out and destroyed the sightof the
other eye. Then Minicus lost some or his for-
tune, though he remained well to do,

Blindness ruined the man’s life. He would
sit in the back room of the saloon and imagine
he heard the voices of dead frienda come
back to visithim. Twivre before in fits of deep
despondency he has attempted snicide, but in
each case was discovered before he succeeded,

ALTAR BOY TAKES

Found Dead at the Church Club Where He
Spent Hits Evenings.

James A. VY. Carroll, 20 years old, who lived
with his mother, a widow, at 112 Bushwick
avenue, Williamsburg, committed suicide on
Wednesday night in the clubhouse of S¢
Mary's Literary Union, attached to the Church
of St. Mary of the Immaculate Conception at
24) Lorimer street, by swallowing earbolic
acid, Ho was employed by the brokerage
firm of Luak & Co, Because he was an altar
boy in St. Mary's Church he bad leave of
absence during Holy Week, He was in the
habit of going nightly tothe club and meetin
his friends, He went thera enriier than sana
on Wednesday night and played earda and
rematned until all the other membera had
departed. Asthe janitress, Mra. Fox, and her
laughter were about to pat ont the lichts they
sew Carro!l seated motionless in an armchair
On the floor beside him lay a glass which
amelt of earbolic acid. The young man was
dead Alia mother sald she know of no reason
why he should take his life

POISON,

Oscar Brown Kills Mimself,

Beprorp, N. ¥., April 12.—-Oscar Brown, 32
yeors old, of North Castle shot and killed him-
selfthis morning, He hal been fil with erp
and committed the act while the nurse was
outofthe room Itis supposed he was suffer.
{ng from mental aberration His wife, who
has also beon sick, Was prostrated ty the news
anditis feared that she muy alsodie. Brown
was Well-toedo,

  
  

Seeret Trouble Made Her Try to Die.

Mrs. Kose Scher of 1785 Madison avenue at-
tompte | anielde yeaterdoy afternoon by inhul-
ing Uluminatingaas. She lefta letter to her
sister saying she had troubles of which the

fam ly knew nothing and that she thonehe it
wistime ferhertoleave theearth Her brother
Joseph found her uneconselous in her room and
ahe was sentaprisoner to Harlem Hospital

Preamona Victiin Kills Homself,

Albert Noethiger, 58 years old, a real estate

| dealer at 707 Bedford avenue, Brooklyn, yes.

terday committed suicide by shooting himself
at his oMce, He bad poeumonia and was
underthe care of members of hia family in
their rooms over his store, but he eluded thei
watch,

THE GORHAM COMPANY

SILVERSMITIIS

ARE SHOWING AN EXCEPTIONALLY ATTRAC-
TIVE AND SUITABLE SELECTION OF GIFTS
ESPECIALLY APPROPRIATE FOR

SPRING WEDDINGS

THEY RANGE FROM COMPLETE TABLE SETS
IN HANDSOME CHESTS TO THE SMALLEST
SINGLE PIECES. IN DESIGN AND WORK-
MANSHIP THEY REPRESENT THE BEST IN
MODERN ART SILVERWARE.

GORHAM COMPANY, Silversmiths
Broadway and Nineteenth Street

 

 

ALASKAN INDIAN ONILE*S PLAN,
Wants Tribes to Subscribe to a Fund to
Send Him to Washington.

Tacoma, Wazh,, April 12.—Chief Johnson and
Fred Moore, another Indian, are urging the
Alaska Indiantribes to contribute to a fund
with which Johnson is to be sent to Washing-
ton, D.C., as their delegate. Moore will go as
the chief's secretary and they will take with
them one member from each of the Kaka,
Stickeen, Hyda, Metlakatla, Auk, Chilkat,
Sitka, Taku, Hionah and other tribes.

Johnson's plea is that his prosenca at Wash-
ington is necessary that entire justice may be
done to the Indians. He wishes to raise
$10,000, The Indians of the Auk tribe about
Juneau have been worked up toa high pitch of
excitement by Johnson's story that Gov, Brady
istrying toinduce the President to make an
Indian reservation near Sitka, move all the
Indians of southeastern Alaska on to it, build a
high board fenee around them and keep all
inside, Johnson tells them that if any tried
to escape they would be shot by the soldiers,
and that by going to Washington he can avert
this calamity

 

PITTSBURGH, April 11, 1900

_ Announcement.

We have established a tem.
porary office at the Pittsburgh
Dry Goods Co,

Our imported millinery and
imported costumes and dress
making departments are doing
business in 8 story building,
427 Liberty Ave.

Information concerning ships
ment of goods from New York
will be furnished by our New
York office, 47 Lispenard St.

We beg to acknowledge very
gratefully all expressions of
sympathy received on account
of recent fire.

Yours very truly,

Joseph Horne & Co.

 

710 CONTEST HER FATHER’S WIL!I,
Wheelock Jetts Cut Off His Daughter After
She Had Him Arrested for Striking Her,

Worcester, Mass. April 12.—Misa Edna
Jefts, only daughter of the late Wheelock Jefts,
has retained David Manning as counsel to con-
test the willoi herfather. The objectionable
feature of the will is:

“T distinctly wish that my dauchter, Fdna

Jefts, shal not enjoy any part or portion of my
property,

A few weeks ngo Miss Jefts had her father
arrested for striking her. In court Mr. Jefta
said he hadaright to punish the girl because
she kept two lamps burning in her room, and
that this was a needless waate of kerosene,
The case was dismissed by Judge Utley, and
the father immediately made his will, disin-
periting his daughter. He died a few days
ater.

The Jefts estate is worth $100,000,

 

 

 

OBITUARY. ——— mesineeeen
Julius Binge, 75 years old, dled on Wednes- BEST&CO
day at his home, 68 East Eightieth street. of ~ " ‘
Wessel rol

Pneumonia, after a brief illness. He waa for-
merly ofthe firm of Binge & Currie, Custom
s
Boys’ & Youths’
Dress Suits.

 

House brokers, at 44 Exchange place, and
retired from business in 1802. He joined
the Harmonie Club of this eity fn 1852, and
was its Treasurer thirty-seven years, A few
days ago he was elected Treasurer for the
thirty-eighth time, He was a member of the
Ethical! Culture Society, of which Prof. Adler is
the President. He leaves a widow and one
daughter.

‘Tunis Smith, the last of three brothers who were
founders of the first Albany day line of steamboats,
died in Nyack on Wednesday night, in his eighty-

first year The three brothers were Isaac P
Smith, David D. Smith and Tunis Smith They
ran the steamer Armenia 4s a day boat between
NewYork and Albany many years ago, and then
established the line along the lower Hudson, now
controlled by the North River Steamboat Com-
pany. Isaac VP. Smith died many years ago,
and David D. Smith, who was appointed Inspector
of Steamboats by President Grant, died in 1887.

The Rev. John Vo Naddy, an assistant to
the Rev. James J. McEnroe, of the Church of the
Holy Rosary, at Chauncey street and Heid avenue,
Brooklyn, died from pneumonia athis parents’
home, 111 erry street, Williamsburg, on Wed-
nesday night. Tle was born in Williamsburg
twenty-six Years ago and was ordanied to the
sriesthood in St. John's Seminary in 1897. Hie

rst appointment was as assistant in the Church
of St. Stephen's in South Brooklyn.

Henry G. Smith, one of the stenographers of
the Supreme Court, died of pneumonia yesterday
morning at his residence, 419 St. Nicholas avenue
Ile was 44 years old and leaves a widow
and several children He was brought up in the
office of Elihu Root and remained there until jis
appointment to the Supreme Court in 14e5 He
was an expert in the business He did duty up
to a week agoin the Supreme Court

Platt Rowland of Glen Cove, L. L, died at his

A dress suit is an important
feature in the wardrobe of every
well-dressed boy and th, and it
goes without saying that it should
fit correctly and be perfectly
adapted for his years.

Our dress suits are the work of
specialists who make boys’ and
youths’ clothing only, giving to
each garment the style and finish
that only specialists can impart.

Eton Suits made of black dtagonal,
with short trousers, $12.00; with
long trousers, $14.00, Same suit
lined with stlk, $2.00 extra.

Tuxedo Suits of fine English worsted
cloth, with short trousers, $22,503
with long trousers, $27.50,

   

home there yesterday He was born in this

city in 1823 and went to Glen Cove about 45 60-6 W

Years ago He leaves three children, Mra. 2 est 23d St.
Coles A ' Carpenter or a Clif! and A. T) Rew —— . ” ——
land and Edwac wland of GlenCove ‘The . , , , »
funeral services will be held at the Glen (ute | FRONT OF 4 BUILDING COLLAPSES
mretheaiat Chused Ot 5:00 u'core to-mertow alter Three Persons Killed, One of Them @

noon.
Edward G. Mayo, @ translator in the Stata | Woman, in an Accident in Pittsburg,
Pepariment as Woabington, aed in Richmond, Pittspune, Pa, Aprill2.—The front part of
a, last ni@h e spoke and wrote eleva R ;
languages, Mr, Mayo was a graduate of Yale, & building occupied by the Armstrong MoKele
and he ang eee momen: enjoyed the dis. | vey branch of the National Lead and Oil Com.
tinetion of being the only honorary M. A.'s of pany coliapsed this morning, burying four
that Institution, He married a daughter of tha persons In the rufne The building was @
four-story brick. The front was used as @

late Gen, Henry A, Wise.
paint store and the rear, a newer part that

 

Dr Charles C. Fastman, a leading insanity
expert of this State and assistant manager {|

the Hingharmion,, Sie used. died yester had been built to join it, was occupied by the
) ’ en connecter ‘
the hospital since it was opened in 1sAI "ile | offices of the company.,, The bricks of the new

mart wera not ‘tied in,” 60 that when the store
yuilding fell the rear remained standing, and
the nine managers and clerks in the office
| escaped unhurt.

MeGovern & Lytle, contractors, were remode

is survived by a wife and daughter |

Joseph Co Phillips on early member of the
New York Produce Exchange and for a long
time engaged in the flour and grain transportation

business, died Yesterday at his home, 49 Scher- | elling the ground floor in order to make one
merhorn street, Brooklyn, in bis seventy ninth | storeroom out of two, and had removed th
yent. # | intervening wall on the ground door The wal
Mrs. Tryphenia ©. Rice, the widow of the late ; hod been replaced with a airder In ten mine
Rey Chauncey DD Rice whow death oceurred | utes after the building fall 100 flremen ap
SIX weeks #@o. died on Wednesday at the home | laborers were at work on the débris, Noe
of her soniudaw, Dr TS Jewett, 220 Marion | Casper, @ salesman, was dug out alive in two
street, Brooktyn, in hereigats Ofth sear hours. His leg was broken. The dead bodi
Osear Ply. a well known resident of Holyoke, | 0! Oscar Bigler, a carpenter; F.C, Bernhard
Maas, died ‘yesterday. He was a graduate a a salcsman, and Mra Martha Jones, a cuss
Harvard and had served in IS#0 i} the State | tomer. were found in the ruins. Bernhargt’s
Senate. u slate | hand clutched @ five-dollar bill, and. Mrs,

kvidently

Jones's hand still held her purse
Lullding fell ene handed Berne

 

Cherles S. Quidor, one of the leading merchanta | just before the
of Nyack. died on Wednesday f pneumonia, i it the money to payfor some purchase she
aged Al years had made

 

       
   

    
    
 

  
  

 

a

RNANDINA

CLEAR HAVANA CIGAR

     
    

      

   

   

    
 

 
   
 

 
     

 
    

   

    

      
  

    

   

1
; A gentleman must be fastidious ay to the quality of a
pi cigar in order to enjoy La Fernandina. This is a clear
a Havana cigar, made of an unusually fine grade of tobacco
ie and equal to the best imported brand, but less expensive.
. Sold at all leading hotels and cigar stores,
4 According to size, 10°16"=2@-25c,
Roca: amr enero ;
MICHAELIS & LINDEMAN 4959 Broadway N. Y.
BBERNARD STAHL & CO., Makers. DISTRIBUTORS,
‘ ez r _

   

 

  
 

 

a

a.
y
1 Y
my.
i
Aa!
a TE
y uF
iN

hy
? i
14
Ou
i