TWO BIG CANAL PROJECTS.

PLANS FOR A DEEP WATERWAY
INSIDE OUR COAST LINE,

Inland Route From Boston to New York
for Our Fleots in War and Our Shipping
in Peace—Bill Introduced for a Canal to
Connect Delaware and Chesapeake Bays.

Two projects for building ship canals within
the Atlantic coast line have been brought before
tho public recently and appear to deserve serious
consideration, both for their possible commercial
value and also for their use in case of war, and
when a necessity might arise for sending war
vessels from one Atlantic seaport to another with
out using 6 sea roule.

One of these plans was brought to the attention
of Congress last woek by Congressman Mudd
of Maryland, who Introduced a bill providing
for the construction of the Maryland and Dela
Ware Free Ship Canal across the States of Dela-
ware and Maryland, connecting by a deep water
way Delaware [ay and the Chesapeake, The
other, suggested by Parker ©. Chandler of Wey
fouth, Mass., is for a similar ship canal from
the Weymouth Fore River, at Boston harbor,
fo the Taunton River and arragansett Day
at Fall River.

Congressman Mudd's bill directs the Secretary
of War to lay out and construct 4 canal through
the States of Delaware and Maryland to eonnect
the waters of the two bays by the most practicable
and convenient mute ata cost not to exceed 810,000,
000. The canal is to be not less than 100 feet
wide at the bottom and 80 feet deep at mean low
water, Locks are to be 00 feet wide and 600 feet
Jong in the clear, The bill appropriates $1,000
000 for the first year, and this is to be used by
the Secretary of War to make preliminary sur
veys, t© purchase land and conduet condemnation
Proceedings

Congressman Mudd declares that he is going
40 press the bill with vicor both in committee
and upon the floor of the House, and asserts that
he foels certain that he will get it throngh the
House before the entofth

There is already a canal the two
bays, It is thirteen miles in length, and was
ullt fn 182420, It is divided into three levels,
The summit level is ten miles long And is 46 feet
above tide level. Water for it is supplied by
pumps, A better route would probably be found
for a larger canal

The
vovagce
the dangers of that route for
has long been
clares, however chat for purposes the
proposed Chesapeake Delaware toute would not
most the needs of the country, because the ter
minals of the canal would be in waters open to an
enemy and not defensible On the other hand,

he asserts that the canal which he has mapped
out would meet every condition desired, while
at the same time being easily and cheaply built
and having the added advantage of
through a numberof impo rtanteities and virtually
making these seaports

"The wreat anal builder of the
eaysin bis argument, “has ob
canal must have land locked harbors as terminals
of suff.cient capacity and depth for the greatest
demands of trafic in tims wid peace and
such a width and depth in the
enable it to be econoriically and rapidly
and preferably a sea canal
ing two bodies of water fr wth of which itde
Tives its water suppl: ~ |

present session

connecting

euttinge off
doand da

dosirabalit f
arene pe ¢
ur con
recor ribet Mr {
nillitary

century.” he

war

operated
connect

The: wosect canal from
Boston to Taunton “meets all the requirements
of M. De Lesseps's ideal canal
Weymouth Fore Piver may be reached fron
joston without a vessel leaving the inner harbor
he route would be up this harbor two miles to
raintres, where the canal would) begin The
cut would follow the valley alongside the New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad to
Brockton, where the canal would pass
Tailroad, and thence it
the low marshy lands that feed the Taunton River
to navigable water at Taunton The whole di
tance from Fore River to the month of Weymouth
Fore River is about thirt
while the canal proper wyild be nineteen nlestong
Tt has been figured that fo secure a canal of the
same capacity as thatof the SuezCanal with twen
wes feet depth at low water { with approved
slopes to the banks would require the removal
of 57,600,000 cubic vards of earth
could all be profitably used near the canal along
its whole length. The harbors.at either end are now
used by vessels of lance sive and when Govern
ment work on them now in progress ts completed
Mr. Chandler says they will be navirable for ihe
largest vesselsin use ‘The cities at the terminals
of the canal and the towns alome is route
contain nearly half the ponulation of Massa
chusett In setting forth the commercial ad
vantages of the pronosed canal Mero Chandler
says that ti would reduce the distance from Point
Judith to Boston to seventy five miles, while the
distamce via the proposed Cape Cod Cunal atthe
head of Buzeard'’s Bay would be 110 miles The
sea route is 170 miles long on the inside course
through Nanmelket Sound and 225 miles long
on the outside course
The daagers of the trip around Cape ¢
cause of fogs, narrow channels, adverse o
and shifting sands are evidenced bw the re
which show that in twenty-six vears t hav
been 1,233 wre ks with an average loss of thi
ives and half a tillion dollars’ worth of properts
t has been flcired ont that the trip around Cape
Cod adda 40 cents a ton to the cost of carrying
8 to Boston, and that mere than 40.000 ves
Gels and %,000,000 tons of freight go over the
route annually The four outside lines of steam
ers frem Boston to New York, Baltimore, Phila
phia, Savannah, and the steamers fron) New
ork to Portland and Bangor, Mr Chandler
sears, handle over 1,500,000 tonacof freight
and by this route would) save in distance
150 miles. The Sound steamer % operated
from Fall River and WV revicence cod load and
Unload their freight at Mosion 400 days in’ the
year, and the tell through the canal would not
exceed the expense they are now under of
loading and loading freight on the cars at fall
River and Providence Moreover, day boats

od be-
rrenis
ords

of the Old Colony Sieamboat Company eould be |

operated in summer between New York and TH
fon #0 as to brealfastin one city and dine in the
other, and the night beats could be operated a
under the presen. arrangements, with a litte
more than an hours dilfere: in the time tabl
Mr. Chandler enlls particular attention, bow
ever, to the usefulness of the canal in times of
war “The nat aL authorities
for vears, and i vetively during and since the
late war with Snrain, @iven much study te the
permanent defence of our coast line
War it may be necessary to close the harb:
several inieta from the sea, whieh intersect the
lines of titernat bcommunication, and te
tect our great iavalestablishments The s¥stem
of defence deviaed not only comprenends fortify
cations to secure t HW harbors agaist capture
or control, Sut alse provides for a mest compre
hensive plan for inland navigation, by canals,
alack water or interior rivers | lagoons, in
placed

he sevs have

wand

which in time of war reliance must he
as the substitute for exterior navigation Re
ginning at Bocton, thisinian! route outof reach
of the enemy's gun samned to reach Narra
angett [ay, theres by a short cnnal through
the salt water lagoons ant shoals in the rear of
Point Jivelth and Narragansett: Pier, thence
through Long Island Sound to New York harbor,
thenoe by the Karitan Piver to New Brunswick,
awl by the Delaware an’ Raritan Canal to the
Delaware liver at Bordentown:
to Delaware City. ona thence by
and Chesapecke Cane] to
he Chesapeake, up tlampton Roads and the
izabeth River, thenee by the Dismal Swamp
Canal to the Albemarle and the Chesapeake canals

» Albemarle Sound, thence through the swamps,
and-locka, sounds and lagoons of the Carolinas
an! Georgia to Plorida: thence to the Gulf of
Mexico, and then tirough  intenor sounds
and bays to New Orleans

“The impeliments to this extensive line of in-
ternal navigation were never many, most of them
have alrea'y (isappeared before the enerey of
local or State enterprise, and survews have been
made by the National Government, and work
already begun under annual appropriations
to remove the remaining ones \lrealy gun
boata and modern torpedo boats can pass from
Narragansett Ray to a point '00 miles south of
Cape Hatteras without once passing outale
the landlocked system deseribed above, and by
a few short cuts outeide can continue on the same
lines to the coast of Florida.

“This great traverse line of navigation along
our most exposed frontier, and witha the front
of operations, is already practically
with the exception of the canal acrosa the State
of Massachusetts, which would long aeo have been
constructed by the National Govornment except

the Delaware
hesanpeake Bay, down

that the hitherto proposed canals, acrosa Cape |

Cod, ¢
of the

even

not moet the requirements of being inside
ront or exposed line of operations in the
of a foreign war.
is would be an absolutely inland canal
a feature essential for war purposes, where the
ability to transfer a blockaded fleet from Boston
to New York would of itself be an incaleulable
advantage in case of war, ani also a erent econ-
my, because one American fleet could be made
> answer for two fleets by the concentration of
Wrasetve force in Narragansett Bay, whiel) could
te used either in defence of Now York a Boston,
da occasion demande:l.’

oP, Puerto Rican Brings Another suit.

A -apers were filed yesterday with the Clerk
y the United States Cireult Court ona suit
jrought by Jora Cruz to obtain $50,000 dam-

es from United States Commissioner of Im- |

station Fitehie for false
u the man brought from P@erto Ricorb
Weert to make a test case of the status a
cierto Ricans in the United States, He was
ained by Commissioner Fitenie on the
nd that he was an alien contract laborer,
2 is for this detention phat he now seeks
steel ges as 4 citizen of the United States. The
hie \ for Semone Simply brings ALY caso
200, uu b another shape, and the ques-
£008 fors's ofti 2 will necesearily be
eider then If the m6 to trial,

IM prisonmoent,

ee

passing |
ryvead thatthe ideal |

anal itself as to |

under the |
sould be carried through |

ven anda half miles, |
Jes] | coming so soon after his veto on inereased pay,
It was |

This earih |

of “Sha”
; paimist,

| afnint

| HELPED

Tn time of |

| the shape of a rabbit was missing.

down this river |

secure 1, j

GUT YOUR AIRSHIP BERTHS,

Company Formed in Texas—Regular Lines
to Be Kataplished to Europe,

Austin, Tex, April 12.—The charter of the
Custead Airship Company, with a capital atock
of $100,000, waa filed in the offlee of the
Secretary of State here to-day. The ineor-
porators aro ‘Texas and Eastern capitalists,
The purpose of the corporation is “to manu-
facture and sell airships.’ The inventor of the
airship ia W. FE. Custead, a ratiroad etation
agent of Elm Mott, Tex. He was here to-day
and gave somo ofthe details of his invention.
Ho says that the airship which ho has invented
is constructed and operated on tho “projectile
foroe principle,” which he discovered six years
aKo. He completed. a working mnodel a short
time ago and It had a test at Elm Mott two
weeks ago. ‘The demonstration was 4 success,
itis declared.

This airship ia constructed and operated on a
principle entirely different from any heretofore
attempted, Ithag been carefully examined by
Octave Chanute of Chicago, who fa said to be
an authority on afrial navigation, and pro-
nounced as practical. The company 1088 ore
ganized will bewin the construction of “airships
for practical use.” Tho first one will be com-
pleted about July 20, It will be onerated with
a ‘ten-horse power compressed carbonic acid
gaa motor.” The hull will be 40 feet lon
and 12 feet wide, It will have a capacity o
500 pounds lifting power and will cost $5,000.
Ita maximum speed will be twenty-Ove miles
per hour,

Custead says that Immediatel upon the com-
pletion ne willsailto New York in it and after
remaining there a few days he will cross the
Atlantic in the wonderful adrial conveyances,

' and exhibit at the Parts Exhibition. He ex-
pecta to reach Paris about Aug. 1, He says
that there is no chance of failure,

After completing the first. flve-thousand-dol-
Jar machine the company will construct smaller
ones witha capacity of one man each. These
will coat about $500, The company intends to
establish regular lines of airships between all
the principal cities of thiscountrs anid between
New York and Purope,

PUERTO RICAN'S PETITION DENIED,

Supreme Court Holds That Baez's Applicas
tion for Habeas Corpus Came Too Late,

Wasnixeron, April 12.—~The Supreme Court
to-day denied the application of counsel for
Ramon Baez to dle a petition for a writ of
habeas corpus, Baez was convicted of fraudus
lent voting at the recent election in Puerto
tico and sentenced tothirty days’ Imprisonmen
by the military court appointed by Governor
+ General Davis. In their brief counsel for Baez
| setup the unconstitutionality of the court and
Puerto Rico was part of the
residents subject to the
Constitution in the
is'unds Sollejtor General Richards replied
that Baer, having voluntarily put himself
within the jurisdiction of the court, could not
be heard to attack it.
Chief Justice Fuller, in disposing of the case,

sald that the court was not. satisfied with the

deimy in Ailing the petition; that half the period
| of his sentence of thirty days had expired be-
fore the application was made, and that this
rendered it practically impossible forthe court
to decide upon the case in time to relleve him.
| The court had uniformly declined to discuss or
| decide merely moot questions, and as Baez's
imprisonment would) have ended before it
the application for

be denied, In reaching this conclusion, sald
| the Chief Justice, the court has not considered
any of the constitutional or other matters
pressed upon its attention.

OBIRCT,

asserted that
United States and its
passed under the

laws

; could aet

CHICAGO POLICK
Don’t Like the Mayor's Orders to Look
Smart at the Dewey Day Parade.

Cutcaco, April 12.—Mayor Harrison is
| threatened with a mild mutiny in’ the Police
; Department because of his order that every
policeman must look smart and trim in the pa-
rade arranged for Dewey Day. The precinct
commanders are interpreting this order asa

| ban on a'l clothes that show the slightest indi-

cation of wear. The mandate from the Mayor,
added tothe wrath of the patrolinen,
on the ground of expensive apparel that they
had made such a determined tight forthe ad-
vance of $LUQ a year, The patroimen said the
Mayor had besn contemplating the order for
several Weeks, but postponed its publication
until after election, thinking the bluecoats
| might be placated in the meantime,

The titention of the department is to have
adress parade the last week of the month on
the lake front Penalties wil! be meted out to
all those who have not complied with instruc-
tions,

SS

leave to file must |

| dard,

| men

Lene

_e

THE SUN, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1900,

JEFFERSON, GEORGE, BRYAN

SINGLE TAXERS DINE
AND TAK,

MANHATTAN

What Lentz Would Like to Do to the Presi-
dent-Goddard Retuses to Give Up the
Fight—Murphy Wont Talk and Hill Has
Lost His Voice--Oregon Is for McKinley.

The Manhattan Single Tax Club had its
Jefferson Day dinner last night at the Marl-
borough Motel. About one hundred and fifty
and women were present. Andrew
McLean of Brooklyn talked on
moecracy and Intiminated that there wasn’t
any such thing to be found in this neighbor-
hood just at present. Comptroller Colertalked
about the city of New York as he has found it
and said It would be a groat deal better gov-
erned city ifall its citizens were men of the
stamp of Henry George and Thomas Jeffer-
son. The single taxers were loud in their ap-
plause of the Comptroller's advocacy of muni-
cipal ownership of waterworks and transpor-
tation lines

Jakichi Takamine, a distinguished chemist

of Japan, was set down on the toast list for |

Q speech on “Democracy in the Far East.”
He sald that he had been told many times that

this was a free country, but that his own ex. |

perience with this dinner was not of the sort

to prove it. The committee had come to him
with its subject and he had replied to them,
‘Why, gentlemen [ cannot talk h
Whereupon the committee had said “you
must.” Waa this the land of the free speech
whore committees were allowed to talk ta this
wise? There was no such thing in the Far East,
ha said, as Demoerasy was understood in this
enlightened land, But that did not make uny
difference, he sald, beeause Mr. MeLean had
ust informed him that there waa no Democracy
ere. Within forty years, he satd, or perhaps
within twenty, he believed Japan would be
under the Henry George system of taxation

which was already deeply interesting Japanese |

economists

Congresaman John J, Lentz of Ohio had
“Jefferson” for histoast, He sald that William
Jennings Bryan was the ony man in this de-
generate day who was fit to follow in the foot.
steps of Washington, Andrew Jackson and
Lincoln. The true patriot was the manwho
loved his neighbor as himself, William Men-
nings Bryan. In the Senate with all its
millionaires, and in the lower house with al!
ita sophists there was not the material to be
ground up and rolled into one Henry George,
But since Henry George was dead the hone of
the true patriots was centred fn one man,
ryan, Mr. Lentz begwed the pardon of the
dinera for talking #0 much about Bryan, but
explained that they did not) know Bryan
as he did. Mr Lentz atteeked the Philip.
pine poliey ofthe Administration, and said that
if he were President of the United States he
wonld Ask nothing better than to be allowed to
ropose that 10,000) Boers meet an equal
oree of British soldiers on some level plain in
South Africa and settle their nation’s differ-
ences then and there. Aa l’resident he would

have no hesitancy about offering mediation on ,

behalf of Great Britain within thirty minutes
after the fight started,

NOY’ DONE FIGHTING,

GODDARD

Will Appeal to the Courts to Review the |

Work of Hess's Convention,

Justice Freedman of the Supreme Court has
declined togrant the Injunetion sought by the
Hon, Charles A. Hess, Republican leader of the
Twenty-ffth Assembly district, to restrain
the election oMcials from issuing certificates
of election to Moran and Stewart, two Goddard
delegates, to the Twelfth Congress district

convention, declared elected by the inspectors, |

The convention was held a week ago and the

!
Hon. Johu Sabine Smith, who called the eon- |

vention to order, declined tu let Stewart and

De. '

on. that.” !

tory. We have confidence that the American
people, without departing from their tradi-
tions, will give security to personal and prop.
erty rights, justice, liberty and equality before
the Jaw to all who live beneath tts fag. We in-
dorse the policy of the Administration In sup
rressing the insurrection in the Philippines,
neaded by Asuinaldo,

“We regard trade with the Orient.as one of
the great sources of our national wealth inthe
future and an open door in China as an impor-
tant ald to the growth of our trade tn the
Orient, Woeommend the successful efforts of
the presené Administration, and especially of
ita Secretary of State, to secure by treaty with
the several Muropean powers the right tothe
free introduction of American goods tnto this
great Empire.”

The following delegates were elected and
instructed for McKinley: J. B. David, George
Steel, Wallace MeCamant, Houry Akeny, H. 1
Kuck and John B. Daly, Two more will be
elected at the Congress convention to-morrow,

The Demoeratic and Populist State conven-
tions In session here at 10 o'clock to-night de-
cided upon fusion.

INSTRUCTED FOR BRYAN,

North Carolina Democrats Reward His De-
fence of the Principles of Democracy.

Raveran, N. C., April 12.—Tho Democratio
State Convention adjourned this morning at
o'clock afte continuous elghteen hours’ 6es-
sion. The platform, which waa the last work
of the convention, pledges the delegation from
this State to Chicago to William J. Bryan. The
reference says:

“We admire the neroffm and ability with
which William J. Bryan has defended the
prine!ples of the Democratic party and hereby
instruct the delegation from this State to the
next National Democratic Convention to vote
for his nomination asa candidate for the Pres-
ideney,”

No reference was mode in the convention to
Dewey's candidacy, The platform jadorses the
Chicago platform, denounces the Republican
party for the passage of the Gold Standard vet,
denounces the poliey of Imperlalism, but
declares “in favor of peaceful commercial
expansion.” The election of United States
Senators by the people is urged and a primary
) is ordered forthe selection of a United States

Senator to succeed Senator Butler, The pri-

mary isto take place at the general election in

Novem ber.

The State nominations are: Governor,
Charlies I. Ayeock; Lieutenant-Governor, W,
D. Turner; de ary of State, J. B. Pryan
Grimes; State fitor, B. FF. Dixon; State
Treasurer, B, Rh. Lacy.

ALTIGELD AGAINST PATTISON,

Says His Nomination for Vice-President
Would Be Worse Than Sewail's in 1896,

Cuteaco, April 12.—Former Governor Alt-
geld to-day came out atrongly against the pro-
bosed nomination of former Governor Pattison
of Pennsylvania for View-President, Said Mr
Altgeld

“Those papers and those men who have been
hostile to Mr. Bryan and are still hostile to
what he represents, and would like to see him
defeated, and yet wish to go withthe Demo-
| eratic party this year, are urging the nomina-

tion of Mr. Pattison. Peraonally, belleve

that the nomination of Mr Pattison

for the Viee-Presidency would be as great a

rtune as the nomination we
rthat place, if not greater. Our eandi-
date for that piace in INth) was at least post-
tively with us on the silver question, but he
did not command the confllence ur peope
on anyother question and greatly weakened
ourticket, Mr. Pattison has not been with us
many proposition and it Is safe to say that at
leust SD per cent the Democrats of America
would be disappointed at such a nomination

The latest eandidat

mentioned here is

New York,

Judge Alton i. Varker of

COUNTY REPUBLICANS,

They Land and Indorse the Administra-
! tions of McKinley and Roosevelt.

| ALLEGANY

Moran vote because of a pending temporary |

injunction, This gave the organization of the
convention to Hess and he was electe ta dele-
gate to the Republican National Convention
over Capt, Goddard

The Hon, Jonn H. Hammond, counsel to
Capt. Goddard, said yesterday that he would
begin proceedings at onee tor a review by the
eourta of the nection of the convention. He de-
clared that both he and Capt. Goddard were
confident that the courts would order that the
certificate of eleetion be issued to Capt, Goud-
Some of Capt. Goddard's fricnds are
anxious. that proceedings should. be hewun

' against Mr. Smith for violation of the Primary

Gen. James F, Wade, acting commanier of |

{ the Department of the Lakes, consented to-

dayto act as general marehal of the Dewey

Day parade,

SORCERESS IN GREAT FORCE,

When She Snid No to a Gas Solicitor He
Fell in a Faint,

Mrs. Amelia Hansen of 31 Wost Forty
seventh street, who advertises under the name
as an astrologiat, phrenologist and
called at the West Forty-seventh

street station last night and asked the ser-

| geant tosxend a policeman to her house to re-

move & man with whom she said she was

slightly acquainted, who refused to get out.

Policeman Esterbrook went to the house and
found a man lying on the dining room floor

| Medraggethim to the street and locked him
! upon acharge of intoxication,

Mrs. Hansen
called at the station an hour later and said that
she did not mean to have the man arrested,
She saidthat he was a gas solicitor who had

| called at her house flve or six months ago and

had continued to call at intervals ever since,

“He came in last night,” she aaid, “and told
me that business was so bad that he was goin
to Chicago, He wanted. me to marry him an
co with him, and when Isaid that Leould not
go, he gave a wasp and fell down on the floor in
He was not drunk at all.”

Mrs. Hansen refnsed togive the man’s name
and the police refused to let him go.

WAMSELF TO

DIAMONDS,

Jewelry Salesman Pursued Him and Gave
Him Some Points in Athlettes,

A tall, slender chap, wearing good clothes
anda diamon:! and eat’s eye scarfpin, entered
the jewelry store of Black, Starr & Frost at 458

' Fifth avenue yesterday afternoon, and said to

Frederick W. Franke, @ salesman, that he
wanted to look at some watch charms. Franke
brought forth a tray and after looking over

} many charma the man left without making a

surehase, Before he was out on the street
Franke saw thata diamond-studded charm tu
He put
alter the tall, thin chap and followed bim
toward Broadway. Nearing Seventh avenue
Franke got near enough to aee that the chap
was examining the stolen charm,

“You'd better han! that over and avoid
trouble,” said the salesman,

“Not much,” replied the chap; “I got it and I
expect to Beep it,”
Franke pitched into him, knocked him down
nd was Wiping up the street with him when
*oliceman Tyrre, arrived and took charge of
the prisoner, who says he is Henry Lewis, a
bartender.

PRESIDENT ALBAUGH RESIGNS,

Leaves North Manchester College Because
He Is an Active Republican,

Wanasu, Ind., April 12.—President H. P. Al-
baugh of North Manchester College, the
| leading edueational institution of the
German  Baptlst denomination in the
United States, has resigned and the

truatees have accepted his resignation,
A year ago “resident Albaugh was connected
with the /oyat

cation at Chieago. His work thero attracted

 

Seroll, a German Baptist publi- |

attention and he was urged to aeeept the | res|. |
{

deney of the college. He has decided political
opinions, and he spoke for
principles while directing the educational tn-

tereats of the college, The trustees remon-

Republican |

| strated, but the climax came when Albaugh |

accepted the chairmanship of the Republican
| county convention, and made aringing political
; epeech. A meeting of the trustees followed,
and Albaugh handed in his resignation.

“tT intend that my conscience shal| be my
guide.”’ was the only expression he would
make when asked to give reasons for his ac-
tion,

TEFT BABY IN THE ARKA,

Harlem Mystery in Which a Veiled Woman
and a Coupe Had Part,

A coupé, containing a veiled woman who wore
along cape, stopped in front of the Unitarian
Church at 121st #treet and Lenox avenue at
10 o'clock last night. The womaa got

}out of the coupé and walked along

until she came to 138 Weat L21st etreet, There

| she stopped and wentinto the area, A minute
jater she hurried back to the coupé, which
drove rapidly away.

} Ashort while afterward Assletant ( orpora-
tion Counsel Charles Blandy, on his way home,
heard a cry coming from the area of 13s,
He tnvestigated and found a boy baby, about
10 days oli, 7s in the area wrapped in a
red piaid shawl, @ awakened the people in
the house, and J. P. Rockwell, who lives there,
poplared tyes he knew of RO Fenson why the

aby should ha 0 o his area, The
baby was sent to be evue Hospital,

} Edward Murphy, Jr.,

| been at Hot Springs, Ark

| Committee isto

law

Mr. Hess said yesterday that he regarded his
position as secure, and believed that the court
would hold that the action of the convention
was legal

The anti-Hoss Rennblicans of the Twenty-
fifth Assembly district held a meeting last
evening at the Sturtevant House and appointed
James W, Auten and Henry Birrel! acommittee
to look the political situation over and report
next week, Thursday, whether it was) worth
while to keep up the Nght against Mr. Hess, hb,
T. Keahn, one of the most earnest anti-Hess
campaiguers in the district, declared that Mr
Hess was “a Twenty-fourth street lobster.”

HILL AND MURPHY SILENT,

Democratic State Convention Likely to Be
Held at Albany.

Ex-Senator David B. Hill and ex-Senator
were the shining lights
town yesterday.
the evening

of the Democratic
Mr. Hill returned to
andadhered to his

Cratic polities theae

party ip
Albany in
rule not to
days, Mr. Murphy had
with hia family fo:
seven weoks, and stopped on his way home to
Tray at Atlantic City and New York, Mr. Mur-
phy was also reticent as to the Democratic
situation in the State ;
For some time all the Demoerntic leaders in
the State have been alert and vigilant but
silent. As thelr Democratic brethren down
South, headed by “Pitehfork” Tillman, sav:
“We are watching out.” The Democratic State
assemble at the Hoffman
House on Apri] 20 to name a time and place for
the Democratic State Convention which is to
relact Kolomaten-at- large to thea Demoocratie
National Convention, The general impression
laat night wasthat the Democratic State Con-
vention would be held in Albany.
ORVGON INDORSES M'RINLEY,

Republican Convention
Gold Standard and

Declares for the
Expansion.

PorTLAND, Ore,
convention to-day renominated Judge Charles
hk, Wolverton for Supreme Judge, Congress-
man Moody of the Seeond district will be re-
nominated without opposition to-morrow

The Republican platform favors the Panama
Canal,opposes the lease of publiie ands and de-
claves against trusts, Tho principal planks
are:

“The Republicans of Oregon, in convention
assembled, reaflirm thelr belief in and loyalty
tothe gold standard, We commend tho
publican. Congress for its recent legislation
making the gold standard apart ofthe statutory
lawofthe land, So long as either of our gre:
political parties advoeatea the free
age oof silver, the matptenance of
rola standard is the most important political
saue, affecting as it does the value of the
farmer's crops and the laborer'’s wages. We
call upon all who believe in sound money to
unite with the Republicans of Oregon In the
important elections of this yearin orgerthata
victory may be won for the gold « ard #0
decisive as to forever preclude the debasement
of our currency by the free coinage of silver

“We indorae the policy of tha Administration
in securing the Philippine Islands and demand
that they shall be retained as American terri-

There Is
No Question

muti Flavor

Pron i) J t
WU LANAHAN & SOM
ler R dL LL!

Is the Leader
Everywhere,

RT & FRANK MORA, Representatives, |
William st New York Neyo

talk Demo- ,

April 12.—-The Republican

Wenrsvitir, N. Y., April 12.—In convention
this afternoon Allegany county Repubiicans
indorsed the administrations of President
McKinley and Gov. Roosevelt and the candidacy
of the Hon, Frederick Kruse for renomination
as Justice of the Supreme Court in this dis.
trict. The convention lasted twenty minutes
andit Was an aeclamation af
delegates are William J. Gleon, Dr. G. H,
Kitter, A.W. Litehard, Charles Ricker, Lloyd
Miller, Ho A. Corbin, John VP. Herrick and A
B. Burrows, [tis understood that Williamd
Gienn will be reflected State committeeman
forthe Thirty-fourth district by acclamation
Hon, Charles H, Brown introduced the follow:

ing resolution indorsing President MeKinley !

and Gov. Roosevelt
The Republicans of Allegany eounty, ever
loyal tothe administrations of President Will-
fam Mehin's id Gov. Theodore Roosevelt,
ve that the wise, conserva.
, Matesmantike, loyal and patriotic devo-
noof the President to the interests of the
people, the flag and the nation, has illumi
wed our party and its principles with new
Inatre, fame and glory, and under the leader-
ahipof William MeKinley we enter the cam-
paign of LOU confident of the larwest and most
emphatia Repal n majority that has ever
| been giver intry
Reaolve * pure, upright, stainless
and many attitude of Theodore Roos
Governor of the Empire State has end
him toour party, n » Republicaniam
State an i *hword, identi wit!
the in and gives the as
surance ft ye been raised to
the high plane of national patriotism,

Melancholy Persistence of the Van Wyck
Boom,

The Hon. Joseph J. Willett, chief nurse of the
Augustus Van Wyck Presidential boom, tele-
graphed yesterday to the Hon. William Hoge,
Secretary of the Commercial Travellers’ and
Hotelmen’s Anti-Trust League, saying that
the > thern newspapers had printed a New
York despatch, declaring that Judge Van Wyek

had called on Admiral Dewey in Philadelphia

The story printed here sala Mayor Van Wyck

Mr. Willett wanted to know the truth of the

report, Mr. Hoge at once informed him that

there was no truthin it. Mr. Willett will speak
at the Brooklyn Democratic Club's Jefferson
dinner on Wednesday evening. Among other
things he will say forthe South to the Demos
erats of New York

Wyck their candidate for the

nomination, “We will cooperate with you by
} taking your eandidate, Judge Van Wyek, who

tothe mep of the South is bone of their bone
and flesh of their Mesh,”

Broome County Republican Delegates,

Bivontamtos, N.Y, April 12.—The Repub-
licans of the First and Second
triets held conventions this afternoon to select
delegates to the State Convention. Inthe Pirst
district the following were chosen: Col, GW.
Dunn, Hon, George Bo Green, G. T. Rogers,
W.L. Griswold, CB, Perry and os. PL Quick;
in the Second diatrict, George B. Curtis, FL bs.
Newell, E. B. Powell, J. H. swift, Dr. Dwight
Dudley and Alonzo Lewis. Resolutions were
adopted indorsing the President and his policy
and pledging the support of the
toward his renomination, The Administration
of Gov, Koosevelt was also indorsed,

| Cincinnati Delegates to Philadelphia,

The First and Second
lican Congress districts, consisting of
and Hani county, to-day at
their conventions adopted resoluttons indors-
ing the administration. Delegates were in
structed for McKinley. In the First district the
delegates to the tional Republican Convei-
tion are Charles P. Talt, editor and_ proprietor
of the Times Stor, and George B. Cox, the
noted local bogs, In the Second district the
delegatesare John A. Caldwell, Lieutenant
Governor of Ohio, and Henry Bremfoeruer,
| merchant,

Crnctnnatt, April 12
Rey

Cincinnati Iron

Wyoming County Republican Delegates,

Wansaw, N. ¥., April 12.—The Wyoming
County Republican Convention met here this
| afternoon and elected the following delegates
to the State Convention, t ” held in New
York April 17 L. Humphrey of Warsaw,
Frederick (©, Stevens of Attiea, Joseph M
Duncan of Silver Springs, Robert A, Wood of
Warsaw, Simeon wird of Wyoming and
George P. Tisdale of Aresde Kesolutiona in-
dorsing the administration of President

| McKinley and Gov, Roosevelt were adopted,

| Republicans May Look Outside of New York
for a Vice-Presidential Candidate,

| Wasnisctosx, April 12.—It appears to bea

the concensus of opinion among Republicansin

| Washington that the refusal of Gov. Roosevelt

and Cornesius N. Bliss to be acaudidate forthe

| Vice-Presidency makes it eertain that no New
York man will be hosen, Some consideration
has been given to the name of Gov, Roger Wol-

| cott of Massachusetts, and he may possibly be-

' come a candidate if New England has any

| chance of obtalning the honor,

| aoe J

| Delaware County Republicans Favor Roose-

| velt’s Renomination,

|

Devrnt, N. Y¥., April 12,—The Delaware
| eounty delegates to the Republican State Con-
vention are Delos Axtell, D. H. MacKey,
Thomas J. Weyl, W. ‘T. Diack, H. &. Sewell,
Thomas Crary, James W. Dickson, M. |
Coombs and J, K. Hood, Resolutions wera
adop commending both State and national
administrations and favering the renomina-
| tion of McKinley and Roosevelt,

There Is No Disputing

| the desirable associations formed through
using the advertising columns ot THe sun, A
realerof Tne Sun may be relied upon as ap
) Indepeadent Amevican cltizen,—ddu,

bd MAES! 5

} Shields,

made tn |

} with Blaney,

for the Vice-Presideney |

| broken into,

Yair The State |
le ‘ | the guests being Admiral and Mrs. Dewey,

| Adams and Mr. De Minster.

that if they will make Van |
Presidential |

Assembly dis- |

delegates |

 

| vote cast for Councilman. at- Large at
| @leetion on Tuesday, whieh resulted in favor of

THE BEER STAMP ROBBERY.

WHO WAS IMPLI-
ARRESTED,

THOMAS RILEY,
CATED BY BLANEY,

Binney Says That, to Accommodate Riley,
He Took the Stamps to the Astor House
Where He Was to Meet a Brewer Who
Was to Give Him 2,000 for Them,

Thomas LBianey, the Brouklyn bartender,
Who was arrested on Wednesday on a charge of
Wronefully having in his possession a package
of beor stamps, has retained Robert A. Ammon
to conduct bis case before Commissioner

Mr, Ammon said yesterday that
Blaney says he is the innocent victim of a gang
of thieves and crooks, Blaney says that a few
weoks ayo he lent Thomas Riley, an ex-con
vict, $22, A few days ago Riley came to him and
told him confidentially that he bad arranged
to meet a brewer at the Astor House on Wed-
nosday afternoon and deliver to him @ pack-
age of beer stamps, for which he was to re-
cvive $2,000 eash,and Riley assured Blaney

that there was nothing wrong with the stamps,
but said that he was unwilling to deliver
them in person because he was an ex-convict,
and if by any chance he should be found with
oat nam be his baat sppere youls make it difli-
cult for him to clear himself,

Kiley therefore suggested that Blaney deliver
the package, and after securing the $2,000
take his $22 out before handing if over tu
Riley. Riley left the package at MeCauley's
saloon, Jay and Willoughby streeta, Brooklyn,
and Blaney undertook the mission, he
brewer failed to appear, and the revenue offi-
cers, Who had shadowed Blaney from Brook-
Iyn, took him into custody,

This is not the first time, according to
Blaney, that he haa been made a catapaw by
crooks, He says he once had considerable
property, but lost it through the machinations
of supposed friends. With this persecution bu
connects the pame of a former official «f
prominence in Brooklyn, through whom, hv
says, he was induced togoonthe ball bond of
a prisoner who jumped his bail, an act which
yas followed by the confliseation of Bianey’s
1OUSe

Treasury Agent Frank G, Thompson cor-
roborates a. part. of Blaney's = allega-
tions regarding Riley, and = says that
he had also beard a statement counecting &
well-known Brooklyn vitizen with the crooked
work, but he would say nothing further,

Detectives Ruddy and Keelan tound Riley
standing at the bar in Brown's saloon at the
corner of Adams street and Myrtle avenue,
Brooklyn, at o'clock laa night
and = arrested — him, He said he knew
nothing about the revenue stamp affair. At the
Adame street police station he deseribed bim-
seifas Thomaa Riley, 32 years old, of 165 Bute
ler street, Brooklyn. The police told him he
was lying when he sald he lived at the Butler
streetaddress, He persisted in saying that he
did live there, \n officer who wae eent to fint
ont returned with the information that he did
notlive there, Collector Moore was then sent
for. When he reached the police station he
took Riley into the captain’s room and ques-
tioned him He said afterward
that with the
affair

Iv is said that Riley called at Blaney’s home
while the revenue officers were there search
ing the house. He had rung the doorbell and
Mrs. Blaney had gone _to the door to see who
called. The revenue officers were aware of the
act that some one had called, but did not
learn thatit waa Riley until yesterday. They
also allege that Riley and Blaney were chums
and that Riley was seen at the Astor House
Collector Moore was within a
fow feet of the men when they had the revenue
t ps With them, but the collector was not in

for ap hour

Kiley denied all connection

| # position to make arrests, as he was anxious

to wait until he could capture the pringipal in
the case, who ie said to bea former otflceholder,

Kiley was convicted in 188 of larceny, the
police say, and sentenced to a vear in the peni-
tentiary, They also say he waa tried and con-
victed on a charge of burglary, the crime being
committed on Aug. 16, 1808, when A, D. Mat-
thews's dry goods store in Krooklyn was
He was sentencad to ten yeara in
prison, but got a new trial and the second trial

| resulted in his aequittal

BELMONT IS FOR DEWEY,

Hie Said So Last Night After Attending the
Dinner Given by John R. MeLean,

Wasainotos, April 12.—John BR. MoLean

gave a dinner to-night at his city residence,

PERKY

Mr. and Mra Belmont, Mr. Brooks-
It was reported

this afternoon that several influential Demo-

Perry

| ovratic politicians would be present and that

candidacy for the Pres-
subject of a Vice-Pres-
sntial eandidate would be discussed,
but according to. the statement of those
atthe dinner it had no polities! significance
After the dinner Mr. Belmont said to a revorter
of THe ScwN that he_favored Admiral Dewey
for the Tresideney. Mr, Beimont disavowed
intention of speaking for the New York
nocvracy and spoke merely for himself, He

Dewey's
ideney and the

Admiral

may say that I am in favor of Admiral
ewey as the candidate of the Democratic
irty for the Pregidency, The New York State
omiittee, of which am & tember,

eels next week to. arrango for a

‘Negation to the National Conven-

- T am in favor of. an uninstructed
ielegation, and think the New York delega-

n will be uninstrueted. It may not go for
Dewey, but, personally, I may say that I think
that he would make a good candidate and an
excellent President,’

Mr. Belmont added; “While the Admiral
has suffered a great deal of criticism by the
people because of his frankness in speak-
ig of bis alfairs, he showed while
at Manila that he was a diplomat,
discreet and rm, The qualities he

| dispayed there, when the fleets of other na-

tions were hovering about, prepared to take
advantage of any false step on the part of
the United States, gave evidence that he
Dossesses to an unusual degree the at-
tributes which Americans admire and which
they Wish the President of the Chited States to
possess, Asa satlor he spoke his mind bluntly
and freely when he was dealing with his own
versonal affairs, and his frankness was refresh -
ne Hehas yet to give evidence that he will |
not treat puvlic affairs intrusted to him with
all the caution and care necessary.”

Edward M. Watson and J. Flavel McGee
Delegates,

The Republican Convention for the choice of
delega'os from the Seventh Congress district
of New Jersey to the Natienal Convention was

held in Jersey City Jaat night. Edward M. Wat-
son and J.Flavel Metice wore elected, They were
instructed to vote for Franklin Murphy of
Fasex to succeed the late Vice-President
Garret A. Hobart aa New Jersey'a member of
the National Committee. They were not in-
structed as to the choice of candidates.

Negro Delegate to Philadelphia Chosen,

Pererssuna, Pa., April 12.—The Republican
Congress Convention of the Fourth district of

Virginia at its session to-day chose A. W, ar-
ris, colored, of Dinwiddie county, and ex-Con-
gressinan h. T. Thorpe of Mecklenburg county,
delowates tothe National Republlean Conven-
tion at Philadelphia, The convention decided
that it was inexpedient to nominate @ candi-
date for Congress from this district,

Disputed Election iu Montclair,

Mongoratm, N. J.. April 12.—The Roapubll-
eans of this town will demand a recount of the
the

Ilarry C. Hatlienbeek, the Demoeratie and
}.iteral League candidate, by a majority of 13
over Joho ID Parsons, the present Republican
incumbent. The assertion is made that ifthe
valid ballots rejected were counted they would
eleet Pursons

Congressman Burdett Renominated,

Linco.n, Neb., April 12.~Congressaman E. J.
Rurdett was unanimously renominated at the

convention of the First Nebraska district to-
night. Mr. Burdett made an explanation of his
vote in favor of the Puerto Rican tariff, asaort-
ing that |\t was the only sound alternative of
international taxation, outright gift or loan,

Shelter Island Votes Wet, but Not Too Wet,

Sue.ven Istanp, April 12.—A special excise
election was held on this island yesterday,

There were 208 votes and the hotel licensea
were granted by a majority of 32, All other
licenses were defeated, including those for
drug stores,

1,300 Telephones
in Manhattan.

The rapid growth of the New York
telephone system makes the
service of daily increesing value
to all users. Telephone users can
now communicate with over

75,000 Telephones

In Wew York City and Vicinity.
Rates in Manhattan,

Business or Residence use,

From $5 a Month,

One-year Contracts. Monthly Peymeats.

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY
15 Dey Street 952 Broedwey Iti West 38th St.

ANOTHER DUEL IN PARIS,

Count de Lubersac Wounds Baron Edouard
de Rothsehild,

Special Cadle Despatch to Tu SUN

Pants, April 12.—Count de Lubersac and
Baron Edouard doe Rothschild fought a duel
to-day. Baron de Rothschild was slightly
wounded in the right arm,

The duel was the result of a college quarrel
between Hobert de Rothschild and Count de
Lubersac. Tho latter called Kobert de loths-
child a “dirty Jow,’ and there were a number
of challenges to duels, Count de Lubersac
fought one duel with M. Ephrussion April 4,
{n which the latter was wounded tu the breast.
Count de Lubersac refused to tight Robert de
Rothechild, on the ground that he isa minor,
whereupon the seconds of the two men, Comte
de Dion und M. de Saint-Alery, took up the
quarrel andfoughta duel on April 7, tn which
haint-Alery was wounded inthe arm. In the
meantime Count de Lubersac had addressed
an insulting lettor to Baron EAouard de Rotha-
child, a cousin of Robert de Rothschild, which
brought on the latest duel.

FIGHTING AT KUMASSI,

Unconfirmed Rumor That the British Gov-
ernor Is a Prisoner,
Special Cable Despatehes to THE SUN,

Accna, April 11.—There is an unconfirmed
rumor that Gov. Sir Frederic Hodgson is a
prisoner at Kumaasi, A European missionary
writes that five English officers and forty
Haussas have been killed in the fighting with
the tribesmen.

Lonpon, April 12.—The alarmist rumors in
regard to Ashanti are discredited. The fort at
Kumasei, whore it is said that Gov, Sir Fred-
eric Hodgson l6 a prisoner, ia regarded as im-
pregnable,

THE

BIGHT LIFF-SAVERS DROWNED,

Stenm Lifeboat Overturned—Engineers
Caught Under Battened Hatches,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Lowrpoy, April 12.—The steam lifeboat from
the Padstow, Cornwall, station, while at-
tempting to assist a fishing smack which was
in trouble, was overturned. Eight of the
crew, including two engineers and two fire-
men, were drowned. The latter were in the
engine room and as the hatches were battened

down they could not escape.

BIG LANDSLIDE IN BOHEMIA,

Fifty-two Houses Fall In and a Whole Vil-
lage Is in Danger.
Svecial Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Vrenwa, April 12.—A landslip has occurred
at Klappai, Bohemia. Fifty-two houses built
onthe hill have fallen in and it ds apparent
that the rest of the village will follow.

RUSSIA’S DEMAND RENEWED,

Crar’s Government Insista on the Right to
Land Troops at Masampho.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
YoxwanaMa, April 12,--Advices from Seoul,
Corea, are to the effect that Russia has re-
nowed her demand for the privilege of landing
troops at Masampho.

Warships Gathering in Chinese Waters,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
TiEN-Tsty, April 12.—Tho Italian feruiser
Fiba has arrived here, The British third-class
cruiser Brisk has sailed for Taku.

NO EXTRA SESSION IN) MONTANA,

Gov. Smith Wont Summon the Legislature
to Elect a Successor to Clark,

Hetrna, Mon., April 12—In an interview
this afternoon Goy. Smith announced that
under no circumstances would he call an extra
session of the Legislature to elect a auccessor
to W. A, Clark, whose seat, it is expected,
will be declared vacant by the Senate. The
Democratic press of the State is clamor-
ing for an extra session on
that the present Legislature is Democratic
and would naturally elect a  Demoerat.
The Governor ia plainly warned of the

robability of the Legislature to be chosen this
all being Republican, in which event bis ap-
pointee to the Clark vacancy would be sue-
ceeded by a Republican, thus costing the Dem-
ocrats a Senator for five years at least. Senator
Carter's term expires on March 4 next, so

| that the Legislature this winter will elect two

Senators,

There is consiterable doubt expressed hera
regarding the Senate’s action on an appointee
of the Governor. Many

that the case would depend upon the Senate's

| action in the Quay case,

MAYOR TIRED OF HIS JOB,

Will Be Glad to Leave His Office When
His Successor In Chosen,

The Mayor has been giving up most of his
time since the adjournment of the Legislature
to public hearings on bills affecting the city,

| He has listened to oratory on all kinda of sub-

jects, and the strain has been 80 great that he
istired out. One of the hearings yesterday
was on Assemblyman Fallows’s bill, providing

for the designation by the Mayor of eorporn-
tion newspapers in the boroughs of Queena,
The Bronx and Richmond, on the nomination
of the chairman of the county committees, to
receive city advertising. The bill provides
that these papers ahall receive the same eom-
pensation asthe Brooklyn newspapers. There
were several persons at the hearing anxious to
talk about the bill, but after the Mayor had
read it by title he sat down in his chair and
stopped the hearing

“Tam tired of it all.” he said. “When my
term expires I will be glad to luave this oMfce.”

DYING SIOWLY OF POTSON,

Woman Physician of Pittsburg Says She
Will Live Only a Few Weeks.

Pirrsnure, April 12.~—Dr. Poarl Starr, a

wel!-known woman physician of Pittsburg, ts |

dying of blood polsoning, how contracted, no
one knows, She has been attending to her
practice right along, but in conversation
with her mother yosterday she said she
would die in a few weeks. She had diagnosed
the case herself. To-day she wentto Cleveland
with another woman physician to have her
case diagnoaed at the college where she gradu-
ated. She returned to-night. The story was
told by her mother to some friends,

Physicians say thera are cases of blood
poisoning Whose progrosa ia so gradual, yet
certain, that patienta may pursue their oral-

y vocations. Dr. Starr is a daughter of a
former army surgeon and her sister is a
Methodist Protestant preacher in the town of
Ohio, Ti. Her father was a cousin of the
Countess Waldersee of Berlin,

CALLS HUR AUDITORS LIARS,

Mre. Perley Hires a Hall, Berates the
Women She Invited, and Orders Them Out,

Cnicaa , April 12.—Mrs. Annie Lawrence

Perley, a prominent club woman and lecturer, |

called members of the Contury Club of May-
wood liars yesterday. The dispute, several

weeks old, which arose over the disposition of |

the proceeds of a Jecture course given by Mra
Perley at Maywood, caused the outburst, Mre
Periey hired a hall at Maywood yesterday
afternoon, invited all prominent elub women
of the suburb to attend, and then gave them a
plece of her mind, She said that they wera a
pack of liars and scandalmongers, that they
were trying toruin her reputation by cireulat-
ing slanders of the vilest nature against her,
and they were uttering worda any generous
hearted wornan would be ashamed to utter
against another, When she fluished berating
them she ordered the whole audieuco out of
the hall. They went.

TAYLOR DETERMINED,

He Writes That Come Weal
Kepublicans Will Not

aor,

or Woe the
alter,

PHILADELPHIA, April 12.—James H. Seoye!
to-day received the following letter from Goy,
Taylor of Kentucky:

a EXECUTIVE MANSION, |
“Frasgronrt, Ky., April 10. §

“James H, Scovei—Dear Swe The large
perjury fund which you refer to is bearing
fruit. A ref@n of terror, simiiar in many re-
aspects to the conspiracy of Titus Qutes and
others is about to be inaugurated No one can
tell where it will end. We are struggling on
the best we can, treading the ‘winepress’
alone, trusting that He who rules
may guide oursteps aright and jead usa out of
the crucial test unharmed But come weal or
woe, our face is fixed upon the star of truth,
and we mean to preas toward it with unfalter
ing fidelity, Yours truly,

“W.B, Taytor.”

“If You See It In ‘The Sun,’ It’s So,"’

This is usually as true of an advertisement as
of a news or editorial statemout,—Adv,

the ground |

¥

lawyers believe he |
} would not be seated, although the opinion is

al! things |!

— — —— me

“ Buy China and Class

SIGGINS & SEITER:

FINE CHINA
RICH CUT GLASS.

The Easter flowers will
be more appreciated if
sent ina handsome Cut
or Gold Glass Vase. We
have made unusual pres
parations, Here
suggestion:

Vases

is one

8 in. $1.90 ea
10" 3.00 “
2" 4(0"
4" §.00 “
16“ 6.00 “

50-54 West 22d St.

| WEDDING GIFTS A SPECIALTY,
|

HAROMAN
~ PIANO.

“The Only Piano that Improves with
Use.’’ 52,000 MADE AND SOLD.

Adinirable in workmanship and Materiah
Very Low Prices--Fasy Monthly Payments.
24,000 MADE AND SOLD.

Pianos to Rent for City or Country.
HARDMAN, PECK & CO.,

136 and 138 FIFTH AVENUE

PENCERIAN
TEEL PENS

ARE THE BEST

In the Essential Qualities of
Durability, Evenness of
| Point, and Workmanship,

Shoose a Pen to Suit Your Hand.

Assorted box of 12 PENS, for a!! styles of write
ing, sent for trial on rec eipt of 6 CENTS in stamps.

SPENCERIAN PEN CQ, NEW YORK,N.Y.

CARPET CLEANSING,

826 7th Av., Near 28th Ste

Fatb, 148%, Tel, 1182 88th Bt,
Send for Circular.

T. M. STEWART,

Sporting News From Columbia,

Columbia Oval at Williamsbridge la to be ime
pressed into athletic service again this vear,
The grand stand, dressing rooms and clube

house have been repaired, a baseball diamond
Jaid out, gun butts and tennis courts builr and
the running track put in fast coudition. Cute
ler, Trinity and Columbia Grammar achools
have obtained training privileges for the sea-
son and the university track team hastsken
up quarters there. The Hoskiaa-Trinity Behool
dual track meet will be hela at the oval on
May 24. The interscholastic baseball cham-
plonship will be played on April 14,17, 20, 24,
27 and Mayland’. A Columbia Oval Croket
Association has been formed which will pay
ames everyother Saturday, beginning with
fay 40. The University Gun Club ts holding
practice shoots at the oval several times a
week, The new Captain will be selected by tha
best score in the practice shoota instead of by
ordinary bailot. Manager Hildreth has ar-
ranged a dual shoot with Princeton, to be held
in a few weeks,
The Advisory Committee of the Columbia
Athietic Association has again shown its dia-
' position to keep athletic affairs straight by
| suspending Capt. 'T. H. Allen of the freshman
| basketball team forthe rest of the season for
neglecting to put in an appearance at the late
Columbia-Yale game, H. ©. Townsend has
been appointed temporary Captain of the team.
To help the financial situation an agreement
has been effected whereby the crew and base-
ball teama of the freshman class will divide the
funds in the college and acience class treas-
uries, and the net profits of the baseball team
will be turned over to the crew.

Jantors Compete at the K. A. C,

The younger athletic element of the Knickere
bocker A, C. furnished good sport in the eyme
nasium and swimming pool yesterday for the

crowd of women who attended the clubhouse.
In addition to its being “Ladies Day” the occn-
sion Was set apart as the firet annual Juniors

| day and with the exception of aswimming race,

open to members of the Interaeholastic A. A. A.
ine ovens were confined to juntor members ol
re club.

Cutler school won the relay after a elose race
with the Woodbridge School boys, The sum-
mary:

ATHLETIC EVENTS,
Won by Castle beer:

Time, 2 4-5 seeond

20 Yard Hurdle Won by Poor; Carter, seoondg
Skinner, third Time, 8 4-5 aeeands

Potaty Hace Won bg Carter; Reed, second Hud
son, third, Time, 35 1-5 seconds

Obstacle Race -~Won by Poor: Vietor, second: Dob
ney, third

20 Yard Dash
ond: Wood, third

Skinner, see

g Board Jump-—Won by Connell, with 6 fet
Sinches; Victor, second: Dobnev. third
SWIMMING FVENTS.

100 Foot Tub Race—Won by C. M. Chauncey: Me
LaRoche, second. Time, 57 £.5 seconds.

100 Foot Novice~ Won by G. Vietor: Poor, second
rime, A425 seeond

100 Foot Han leap-Won by
onds: T. O'Callaghan, seraten
2.5 seeonds,

409 Poot Interseholastle Relay Race Won by Cut
ler School, with Manson, Littielonn, Luek and Vie-
tor, Woodbridge School, second. De La Salle Sehool
third

THE SPITTING
NUISANCE,

Disinfection of Rooms and Cuse
pidors.

Rely upon Platt's Chlorides as the proper
disinfectant,

M. ¢
second

Hassell 4 sro
Time, 20

The Poards of Health in ail parts of the
country agree that consumption {4 an infers
tious and communicable disease, and is uaue
ally transmitted from the sick to the well bys
means of the dried and pulverized sputum

floating aa dust in the This being the
ted t

vreat me oe he rest
att's Chlore

case, itean
the use of prop baiiileetaat I
jes, eparttor vt puentiy sioitie
kied about the roo ‘arly beforas we
ing, ard the ‘dinint mit, one purt to four
orw t us! t ' revere
the potsonone ane naive Tpecrrorat 4,
especially applicable, as it ist id witt
odor or color, and its frequent uae ia not
tended with any annoying features

A quart bottle will last an average family @
Month and it can be obtained at all drugs
ists, high-clasa grocers and house-furnishiug
ealers,

part '

Dh eh
dies

Smyl
men
Mon
hole:
round
matecq
EI
oun
loyd
mad

Th
Rari
bor
the
ner:

Mores

Qul
way a
Club.
chan
will
Fairfl
enlar

Val
an
om
He is
tors a
ind

Jniv
the

Country
Nh: A it
Baul Gol
AnSAS
troit,
uls,
eheva
Forest 4

The D

Ani
Greate
city oln'
Fulton
The cal
by Will
lyn Bo
He sta
Dew org
Ught-ha
riders o;
the hor
Bection
commit
Btate,”
way Dr’
bers the
Drivors
Petition
Membeg

he foll
last nig
Wane ant

Plea
Broly.

lillam

arkw,
Loga n,

Upon
Dr. Kan
Membe

very pl
York to

~pon
Mr, Behl
OTY ang
Qnd hig
followin
Chosen:

Dr it. g
Won, enat

Soclatiq

an; W
Secretary
Walker,
W. Log’y
Bedturg