Se ere

acme tne

ser

SS SS OS —

'

FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1900,

Sabscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month

DAILY, per Year

BUNDAY, per Year ‘

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year...
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month

Postage to foreign countries added
Tur SuN, New York City,

PARIS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Klosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines

Vour friends who faror ua with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose.

—-
—_—_.

Expansion and Centralization.

The Pacific Cable bill that passed the
Benate on Wednesday inarks a new depart
ure and establishes a distinet principle.

This cable is to be a Government cable, It
{sg to be laid by the Navy Department and
operated by the Post Office Department.
The Treasury is to pay for its construction,
The nation is to own it.

There ere alternative measures before
Congress providing for Pacific cables to be
laid by private enterprise backed by subsl-
dy agreements which put the lines sub-
stantially under national control in time of
war or other emergency. But the bill
which has gone through the Senate is the
Hale bill contemplating absolute owner-
ship and control by the United States Gov-
ernment.

It isa significant fact that this measure,
involving as it does a radival departure
from previous policy, encountered no oppo-
sition in the Senate, It was unanimously
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Nobody spoke against it in the Senate, ex-
cept as to details not affecting the main
proposition. The Hale bill passed without
even the formality of a division,

Under the inspiration of the country’s
new policy and manifest destiny the prac-
tical requirements of expansion are met
promptly by Congress as they arise, even
when previously accepted ideas about cen-
tralization have to be reversed,

The government of distant posaessions
necessitates centralization, Expansion car-
rice with it an enormous, an unprece-
dented aggrandizement of Federal power,

Two years ago the Hale Pacific Cable bill
would have been debated for weeks. It
would have been opposed as strenuously as
{f it threatened the very foundations of our
institutions. Now it is accepted as a mat-
ter of course.

Such, likewise, we believe, would have
been the case with the parallel proposition
that the Government shall construct, own
and absolutely control the interoceanic
canal across the American isthmus, if the
Hay-Pauncefote Treaty had never been
negotiated and submitted to the Senate,

The Chaotic State of Politics in Ger-
many.

The day is long past since Bismarck had
at his beck in the Reichstag a homogeneous
majority, and even since he brought about
a “Cartel” or arrangement by which Dep-
uties, differing materially on certain points,
combined nevertheless to support meas.
ures in which the Government was deeply
interested. Now, on the contrary, the
Government finds itself upheld on one day
by certain political elements in the Cham-
ber, and on the next day by elements
entirely antagonistic. The Naval bill
itself, the passage of which is earnestly
desired by the Kuiser, and is represented
as essential to the welfare of the Em-
pire, is in a precarious position, the
Agrarians being inclined to hold it up in
the Reichstag until the Meat Inspection
bill, in its amended form, shall have been
approved by the Bundesrath and signed by
the Chancellor,

The confusion which prevails in the
popular chamber may be exemplified by
the reception of the so-called Lex Heinze
on the one band and the Meat Inspection
bill on the other. The former measure
was framed inthe interest of morality, to
regulate the exposure and sale of objec-
tionable books, pictures and prints,
Heartily welcomed as it was by the Con-
servative and Centre parties, it commands
a large majority in the Chamber, but it is
bitterly opposed by the Radicals and
Bocialists, who are assisted by some emi-
nent Liberals, including Prof. Momsen.
On the other hand, it was almost exelu-
sively from the Socialist and Radical Dep-
uties that the Government secured assist.
ance in its opposition to the amended form
of the Meat Inspectien bill which the Con-
servatives, aided by most of the Centre and
the National Liberals, are determined to
carry. The lastenamed project, it may
be remembered, was a purely sanitary
measure when it was introduced in the
Reichstag, but, having been referred to
@ committee, was so altered as to make
it practically prohibitive of American food
products, thus alarming the industrial pop-
\ulation by a threatened increase in the cost
of the necessaries of life, and by a well-
founded dread that the United States may
retaliate by prohibiting the importation of
German manufactures, The Government,
anxious about the Navy bill, refraine|, for
atime, from expressing any opinion about
the committee's recommendations, but,
ultimately, speaking through the mouth of
the Imperial Chancellor, declared itself
firmly against the prohibitive clauses.
Nevertheless, these clauses were passed by
168 votes to 99. If they are retained on
the third reading, Prince HonENLOHE is
said to have asserted that he will not sign
the bill. The Agrarians reply that, in that
event, the Navy bill will be defeated,

The principal cause of the present con-
fused and intractable state of things in the
Reichstag ia the recent rise of the Agrarian |
party to almost dominant power, This |
party was organized by the Squirearchy,
who have behind them, not only their ten-
ants and laborers, but also the large body
of amall freeholders and the considerable
section of the middle class which, on social
questions, is disposed to side with the
landed aristocracy. Formerly, the Squire-
arches were not united, for, although a
majority of their spokesmen, being Protes-
tants, were to be found in the two Con-
tervative parties, those who were Catholics
d&ye been members of tho —s party,
Bile those who were Poles®by descent,
ba sympathized with the deposed Han-

ontingents to the popularchamber, There

Gs never been much doubt that, if a com-
= te union of them could be effected, they
wed control the Reichstag, and @ close

rpl@roximation to a perfect consolidation

« “been now effected by the necessity of
ers ing any further fall in the prices of

ten

ford staples,

erlan dynasty, sent Polish or Guelph
a

They are resolved to impose such ise Lee

PU CNP COOL. Mere da mt an tre

, control of

foa, Australia and elsewhere, as will enable
them to command much higher prices for
thelr own commodities, If they can get
enacted {nto law the prohibitive clauses of
the present Meat Inspection bill, it is
extremely improbable that they will stop
there. They will go on increasing thelr in-
comes at the expense of the non-agricultural
class, and the result will be immense ad-
ditions to the Socialist ranks, and, owing to
the decline of the German export trade, a
gradual impoverishment of the whole land.
At the present time, 124% per cent. of Ger-
many’s foreign trade is transacted with the
United States, If she refuses to take our
wheat, our flour and our meat, we shall
naturally turn to other countries for the
wines, the toys, the porcelain and the
various products of textile and chem-
jeal industries which we now import
from Germany. Under the circumstances,
it is not surprising that vehement protests
against the Meat Inepection bill should
pour in from all the trading and commer-
cial centres, What is the use, say the pro-
testers, of increasing the Navy by one bill,
while, by the other, we discourage the
mercantile marine which feeds it? Then,
again, what is to be done for the hundreds
of thousands of German operatives and ars
tisans who will be thrown out of employ-
ment by the cessation of exports to the
United States? These are questions which
the Government finds it so difficult to
answer that it will probably refuse to let
the Meat Inspection bill become a law. In
that event, the attempt to carry the Naval
bill through the present Reichstag might
as well be abandoned.

No doubt the Government can have
recourse to the expedient of dissolving Par-
HNament and ordering a new general elec-
tion, but it Is the opinion of close observers
that the Agrarians will be stronger in the
next Reichstag than they aro in the pres-
ent Chamber. There are signa, in fact, of a
distinet cleavage between the Prussian
monarchy and the Squirearchy from which
formerly it derived its most trustworthy
support. If we may judge by England's
experience, it is an insoluble problem to
reconcile the interests of the classes which
make their living off the land with those of
the industrial and commercial elements of
the population.

Is His Small Royalty More Than Four
Per Cent.?

On January 30 of the present year, the
leader of the Democratic minority in the
House informed a deeply interested legisla-
ture that he was not responsible for the
methods of the ‘‘Committee on Distribu-
tion.” We quote from the Hon, James D,
RICHARI»: oN'S remarks that day:

“Now, i! the solicitor, TAYLOR, to whom the
gentleman from Minnesota refers, is practising the
fraud which the letter {ndicates, he ought to be
branded, as the gentleman from Minnesota has
branded him, asafakeandafraud. * * * That ts
about all | can say, Mr. Speaker. I should add that
my connection with the matter grows outof the fact
that the publishers pay me a small royalty on the
sale of the ‘Messages and Papers,’ but with the
methods they pursue I have nothing todo."

Yes, there is something else that Mr.
RICHARDSON can say to the House of
Representatives.

He can tell it whether the “small roy-
alty” to which he refers is in excess of four
per cent, of the receipts of the “Committee
on Distribution” for coples of the Govern-
ment publication originally known as
‘*House Miscellaneous Document No. 210
Second Session, Fifty-third Congress.”

Four yer cent. is the limit the Hon. James
D. Ricnarpson desires to place on the
profits of certain corporations which he de-
nounces as monopolies. He is the author of
various resolutions proposing to employ
the power of the Federal Government, by
means of the Inter-fate Commerce law and
otherwise, to restrict the dividends of these
manufacturers to four per cent.

Somebody is making a fortune by the
private sale of a Government publication,
a monopoly granted to Mr. RicHarpson,
upon his personal request, by a good-
natured Congress somewhat too careless

ee =

—_——

| formality even of being timed, and with

of the dignity and interests of the United |

States Government,

Is the enterprising Barcvs making more
than four per cent. out of this monopoly?

Is poor SPOFFORD making more than four
per vent?

Is the Hon. James D. Ricnarpson him-
self making more than four per cent?

Is the “Committee on Distribution” col-
lectively exceeding the percentage of prolit
which Mr RicHARDSON would sternly fix In
the case of other monopolies?

A great Democratic principle is involved,
It is not indiscreet to ask these questions,
It is the Hon, James D, RicHarpson’s
duty to answer them.

Congress took him largely into its con-
fidence when it voted to him, at his own
urgent appeal, a free set of the Govern-
ment’s plates of a public document. Is
it too much to expect that the Hon.
James D, RrcHARDSON will take Congress
into his confidence now, even if the result
should be prompt legislation cutting down
the excessive profits of the industrious
SPOFFORD and the persevering Barcus?

Republicans and Western
Populists.

A harmonious Republican State Convene
tion in Virginia in a Presidential year,
without contests, factional recriminations
or personal controversies, is a remarkable
incident, The Norfolk convention of Tues-
day is certain to remain notable ae the first
of that kind in that State, where such
factional differences have been among the
obstacles to Republican success in Presi-
dential elections.

The Republicans of Virginia, long es-
tranged, are getting together. Tho Repub-
licans of some other Southern States from
which come the ehlef contests in national
conventions have done or are doing the
samething, But, while the Rapublicans in
the State administrations of
nearly every State in the country, impor-
tant in this year’s election, have been har-
monizing their differences, the Populists,
by a curious manifestation of political way-
wardness, have become entangled in a dis-
pute, the story of which should be instruc
tive to all ‘outside ticket” men.

On Sept. 6, 1898, the Populists held a
convention in Cineinnati more than two
years in advance of the election, They put
in the fleld at that time, on the longest plat-
form ever adoped by a party convention in
the United States before or since, WHARTON
Barker for President and Ianativs Don-
NELLY for Vice-President. The delegates
adopted, too, this postscript or envoi;

*The sole object of this convention has been, and
1s, to secure to the rank and file of the People's party
an absolute certainty that a straight Populist ticket
ona ‘traight Populist platform shall be presented in
1900,"

The prewature nomination of candidates,
two years before the fight, had no visible
resnit in the State contests of 1898, or in
those of Jast year. The Barker-Donnelly
have been making sundry turns

Southern

no entries against them,

In contemptuous disregard of the action
of the Populista in 1808, what is known as
the Populist National Committee met seve
eral weeks ago at Lincoln, Neb., and issued
a clarion call to the rank and file of the
rapidly diminishing Populist party to send
delesates to a convention at Sioux Falls on
May to nominate Presidential and Vices
Presidential candidates,

This would be the first of the party con-
ventions of 1900 but for the fact that
another and rival Populist National Con-
vention has been called to nominate a Pres.
idential ticket at Cincinnati, alsoon May 9
Coincident with the first elections for del-
egates to this convention, the Hon, 1GNA-
TIUS DONNELLY, already a nomineo for
Vice-President, is reported as proposing to
secure “the backing of the business inter-
ests of the country" in aid of the Populists
if they will forego some of their projects,
It is scarcely to be supposed that such in-
trepid foes of everything tangible and well
established as the Middle-of-the-Road rad-
icala will tolerate his backsliding.

Meanwhile, the disintegration of the Pop-
ulists has continued. In Montana, at tho
recent State Convention, there were only
twenty-three delegates in attendance, In
North Dakota, despite its position of propin-
quity to Sioux Falls, two rival Populist
State conventions have been called; a merry
war jis in proxress between two Populist
factions in a State which McKrniey carried
by 5,500 in 1896 and the Republicans by
7,800 in 1808,

Three rival Populist tickets would be an
absurdity; but since the Virginia Republi-
cans got together in Norfolk on Tuesday
nothing can be considered as impossible in
American politics,

Mr. Cleveland's Princeton Lectures,

Mr. CLEVELAND has announced with good
taste and good temper that he is now so
far removed from the activities of polities
andthe temptations of personal ambition
that he can view his past experience
without bias or irritation.

This is a position at once dignified and
promising of usefulness.

For example, before Mr. CLEVELAND en-
tered upon his first term in the White
House, he was firmly convinced of the im-
policy of electing any President for a
second term.

“When we consider,” he said in his letter
accepting the Democratic nomination in
1884, “the patronage of this great office,
the allurements of power, the temptation
to retain place onee gained, and, more
than all, the availability a party finds in an
incumbent whom a horde of officeholders
with a zeal born of benefits received and
fostered by the hope of favors yet to come,
stand ready to aid with money and trained
political service, we recognize in the eligi-
bility of the President for reé#lection a most
serious danger to that calm, deliberate and
intelligent political action which must chars
acterize a government by the people,”

This declaration of principle, or pledge,
if it be so considered, was uttered in tho
very morning of Mr. CLEVELAND's career
in national polities, It would be highly
interesting to have his calm, impersonal
judgment on the same question now that
he stands in the mellow light of sunset.

A single word from the estimable founder
of the Cleveland Professorshipof Executive
Independence, Mr. StaFFORD H. Lirrve of
Trenton, or from any member of the Prince-
ton faculty, would probably be enough to
induce Mr, CLEVELAND to consecrate a lec-
ture to this subject.

The Remedy for Expectoration,

The efforts of the sanitary authorities of
Manhattan and Brooklyn to break up the
habit or curse of expectoration will be
eugerly praised, and should they sueceed
statues of ivory and gold will be raised by
a grateful people to its chief benefactors,
But the expectorators are multitudinous
and the prosecutors are few, You see men
in evening elothes expectorating in ears,
Small boys regard the habit as a sort of
manly gown. Apparently hundreds of thou-
sands of persons expeetorate either from
thoughtlessness or because they have no
other way of expressing thought. Men and
boys of all ages indulge in this pleasing di-
versionabout as unconsciously as they walk,
Native and foreigner, Jew and Gentile,
brown and white are engaged in this act of
distraction or unconscious reflection a large
part of their waking hours, We have even
seen it defended in saffron sheets as an act
of free and equal citizenship. Shall the
“workingman” be deprived of this pre-
cious right in order to satisfy a lot of
medical humbugs and aristocrats ?

But of course there is no serious defence
of it; and yet it seems almost impossible
to put it down, A society for its suppres-
sion by means of educational
might be valuable.
that expectorators should be required to
take out a license in order to practise this
sport. And every licensee
required to wear upon his proud chest a
brass badge with a number and the words
“Common Expectorator,”

In the dehate on the Puerto Rico bill,
Mr. Watson of Indiana spoke of the Demo-
crate as ‘preachers of pessimism from the
windows of Noan's Ark.” It is to compliment
the Democrats too enriously to compliment
them so, Had the Demoerats lived in Noan’s
day, they would have passed resolutions
against him as a monopolist and friend of ship
eubsidies and Trusts,

influences
Our own supyestion is

should be

Germany has been disturbed for some
time by rumors of strained relations between
Reuss-Greiz and Prussia, rumors that went so
far as to suggest on the one hand that Reuss.
Greiz intended to secede from the German
Empire and on the other that Prince Henry
XXII. proposed to give up his little prineipality
to Prussia. Such reports have no foundation
in fact, It ia true that the elder line of Reuss
{s likely to die ont; Prince Henry XXII. jis an
elderly man and stone deaf, and his only son is
aphysical and mental wreck, who is officially
declared to be incapable of ruling, regie
unfiihig, But by @ family compact made in
1600 it was provided that in cose the elder line
became extinct its domains should go to the
younger line, Retuss-Sechleiz, and even should
that be eliminated there are conntieas Henrys
of the Reuss-K“atritz and other branches to
keep the family up. It ia true also that, as
Reuas te far distant from the sea oreven a nav-
igable river, the reigning Prince of the elder
line is not enthusiastic over the Kalaer'a naval
schemes and that owing to the smal!ness of
his domtnions he has felt onliged to stand up for
his rights as a sovereign Prince, where mora
important rulers might have heen less senal-
tive. Still, he bas no idea of shattering German
unity by the withdrawal of Reuss-Greiz, This
was clearly shown ata recent dinnergiven by
Prince STOLBERG-WEENIGERODE to the Kaiser,
when the German War Lord sat in peace and
harmony at the same table with Prinee Henny
XXII. of Reuss-Greiz, elder line, and Prince
Hewny XIV. of Reuss-S8chleiz, younger line,

We regret to learn that the Hon. Georar
FrisBre Hoar means to take up @ whole after-
noon of the Senate's time in explaining that

Unga

obouud the Kinaiep tial cousem Withoutthe: be ip siebs aod the saat of the sonny wrens

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

APRIL 18,

| about expansion, Mocdosty is lovely to look up-
| on butis easily carried too far, Still, it will bea
| Riotlous aight to eee the fine old Massachu-

so'ts Senator jangling his keys and his quo-

tations and making the gatleries happy by,

is amiles

A large, though not at allimportant, part
of the news of the day consists of polite Cerli-
nations from gentlemen for whom the Demo-
eratic nomination for Vice-Preaident would
have nocharms, In some cases this coyness
may be affected, but a paste bauble is lightly
waved away. Woe still believe that Col. Mose
Wetmore of St, Louis is the man of mento
take second lead in the Democracy at this
awful hone, If the Colonel refuaea, the Hon,
Geonor Frep Witiiams can be induced to
reverse himself and accept, Few nominations
have any terrors for that intrepid spirit.

Westward the course of Dr. Euisia
BENJAMIN ANDREWS takes its way. From
lrovidence to Nebraska and Bryan by way
of Chicago and the silver road, He should be
ina happy home in Nebraska, and the Popu-
lista will venerate him asagsage. But he will
not linger among them long. The fire of
wandering is in his blood, He isa born post
patetic and his road lies through the West to
the East and to the morning, which cannot be
fresher than himself. He will come back to us
from Goa and the Celebes, He will amass the
wisdoma of the world and be thenceforth his
own University and Chancellor.

Perhaps the high erities of politicians
may read with profit this deliverance by a
member of the Chicago Presbytery, the Rey.
8. M. Jounson:

“We are suffering to-day from a species of bossism,
This polley has nearly ruined the Chureh tn certain
quarters, and cannot be too strongly eriticised. At
the last General Asse:nbly a committee wasappointed
toconsider the case of Dr. BRIGGS. We know that
the committee was packed and that each member was
named to perform 4@ certain duty, This system of
one-man power is really worse than the dictation of
any political machine Leversaw. It should be abol
ished immediately and this Presbytery should have
no hesitation in taking a bold stand on the question
today.”

The high erities of polities and, we fear, the
Rev. 8. M. Jonunson, are kicking against the
pricks ant human nature, Every institution
where two or more are gathered together has
or is getting to have a boas, from the domestic
hearth to the national Capitol.

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

While the fate of the British enc!osed by the
Boers at Wepener remains undecided, a
curious report comes from Pretoria dated
Wednesday, that heavy cannonading had been
heard in the direction of Dultfontein. This
place is about forty miles nearly due west of
Smaldeel, the Junction of the railway from
Winburg with the main line from Bloemfon-
tein to Johannesburg, where there is a con-
siderable Boer laager. There isa goud deal of
significance in this, as, taken in conjunction
with the reconygoitring expedition in which
Col. De Villebois Mareuil was killed, and
with tho reported movement of Gen. Me-
thuen’s force toward Hoopstad, it may
mean that he is operating a turning
movement round the right flank of the Boers
at Brandfort toward Smaldee!l, which it would
also threaten, and, if successful, would entirely
compromise the whole of the Boer forces now
in the south of the Free State. Further news
of this reported cannonading will be of great
interest,

The statement telegraphed from Lorenzo
Marques that the main Boer position in tho
north of the Free State is on the range of hills
crossing the railway at right angles about mid-

way between Kroonstad and Smaldeel, and is |

held by 45,000 Boers with ninety guns, is a
manifest exaggeration, Iftrue it would leave
only 15,000 out of the 59,000 Boers said to
be still left under arms to carry on thea
campaign over the rest of the = fleld
of action, There may be a larger for-
elgn element with the Boers than we
are aware of, for the German and French
steamers to Delagoa Bay are sald to be landing
large numbers of passengers about whose in-
tentions there is hardly any concealment
Still they are not in sufficient numbers to raise
the Boer army to such an extent as
despatch alluded to would imply
Meanwhile the British concentration in and
about Bloemfontein continues, and warm
clothing and new boots to fit them forthe next
movement were being isaned. The brigade
that has been detached from Gen. Puller’s
| army in Natal is, it appears, to join
Tord Roberts, and will be sent
Orange River, where it will
the operations necessitated by
ence of the Boers in that neighborhood,
The Boers renewed their attack on Gen,
Clery’s division at Elandslaagte on Wednesday,
hut, according to the British report, with-
drew afteran exchange of rifle fring between
the outposts and the artillery. This action of
the Boers in Natal has probably no other ob-
ject than to detain Gen, Buller at Ladysmith,

take part in
the pres.

 

would appear to indicate that in the last phase
| of the frequently changed plan of campaign, it
isnot intended that he should assume the ag-
gressive untilevents west of the Drakensberg
eall for him.

There seems just a possibility that the au-
dacity of the Boers may lead them too far, and
that their latest raid past Lord Roberts into the
south of the Free State ia not wholly free of
danger. There is not much time left now for
such operations as they are engaged in, aa the

 

will begin to dry up with the coming of the
winter,

It would appear that the number of Boer
prisoners taken by the British haa been over-
stated, andthatthe total of 5,000 given out
was arrived at through the inclusion of the
women and children captured with Gen.
Cronje's force. A Cape Town paper states that
there were only some 3,500 actual fighting
men prisoners {In the hands of the British up

to March 14. The majority of those captured |

previous to his surrender at Paardeberg were
from the Winburg and Wepener districts.

Religious Wants of Downtown Districts,

To tne Epttror or Tur Sun—Sir: My at.
tention has been arrested by your editorial en-
titled “Why Churehes Decline,” in which you
eall attention to the fact that Protestant
churches have very largely withdrawn from
the lower districts ofthe city. This is a fact
ensily Cemonstrated,

During the past twenty-five years something
liketwenty-five church organizations have
either gone out of existence or have removed
from below Fourteenth street to other and
more favored localities. You are right when

you say that in many cases this has been an |

absolute necessity, Protestant population able
to contribute with sufleient liberality to sup-
port churches having gone northward, the
churches were obliged in self-defence to follow

It istrue that there are some chureh organi. |

zations which have still held their own nobly

in the tenement house districts; but, on the |

whole, the tendency hos been to go elsewhere

In view of this may Ibe allowed to eall attens |

tion tothe work done bythe New York City

Mission and Tract Society in just this locality

from which other churches have withdrawn?
The City Mission has bullt three massive and
roomy churches south of Fourteenth street,
one in Broome, one in Second, and one in

Rivington street,

In addition to the work done In these large
institutional churches, the City Mission senda
its corps of missionaries, numbering now
about seventy, in'o the tenement house dis-
tricts, striving thus to bring Divine truth to
bear unon the hearts of our fellow citizens in
their homes. We alsosend regularly trained
nurses into the hones of the poor to do for
them physically what they are unable or in-
competent todofor themselves. In this way
the society above named is doing ita very best
to minister tothe wants of those who other-
wise would be left in spiritual darkness, This
work the City Mission is able to prosecute
steadfastly, jn spite of the adverse surronad-
ings in its fleld, because of the Christian lber-

J alitv of those inthe more favored sections of
| onrtown,

' A. F. Scuaurrias,
ABY Yosis APIA bdo

: SL eG 4
BAR Soca baal hey seth 5496

the |

up to the)

but the weakening of his army by a brigade |

season is advancing and the grass on the veldt |

1900,

_—-.—— —_——

!
“CHRISTIAN SCIENCE”

Mr. Purrington Replies to Messrs, Norton
and Mattox, and Asks Questions.

| To tir Eprron or Tar Sux-Sir: dn THE

'

SUN of April G Messrs, Carol Norton and
Willard S. Mattox, both I believe professional

thd practising “Christian Seientiate,” eriticiae

at length my address delivered on Sunday,

April 1, at the request of the Problem Class of

the Broadway Tabernacle, These gentlemen

have fallen {nto errora of statement, owing

bartly to reportorlal mistakes In condensing 4
long adlress, May I ask suffictont space to
make clear the issues, once for all?

Thave never said that Christian Selentiats as
aclassare vulgar and ignorant, So to pretend
Isto shift the question from principles to pers
sons, On the contrary, I have cheerfully ads
hiltted, and now admit, that among them are
humbers of charming, intelligent persona,
I believe that, except for some who live by the
delusion, they are all sincere. But Il doubt if
many of them really understand what Eddyisn
really Is, and their faith in its alleged cures
‘loes not prove that it ia worthy of bellef, or
that the so-called “Science” is not “a product of
ignorance, vulgarity and irreverence,” terms
used by me in perfect good temper as
alone adequate for description, and = only
Improper if they cannot be justitied
by citations of Mrs, Eddy’s own words, There
has never been a delusion, financial, political
or spiritual, no matter how absurd, that has
not duped such persona, Terdinand Ward
boasted that he had tricked not widows and
orphans but the “old hands” of Wall Street.
And despite his conspicuous example his tricks
have been worked over again of late on an
enormous seale right here in New York. No
one disputes the general Intelligence and sin-
cerity of those who accept the fallacy that
value can be given to money by legislative flat,
Cagliostro, the mountebank, whose cures
equalled or outnumbered those of Eddyism, had
the Court of France in his ellentela.

Mrs, Eddy saysthat the discovery of Christian
Science caused almost all that she had learned
from schoolbooks to vanish Ike a dream
(“Retrospection and Introspection,” p, 19), She
dissuades her students from the study of lit-
erature, languages and general sclence ("Mise
cellaneous Writings,” p. 64); and violently de-
nounces the study of all branches of medical
learning, even anatomy, physiology and hy-
giene (“Seience and Hea'th, thirty-second
edition, pp. 183, 374 and passim”), Is not this
proof that her teaching rests upon ignorance?
She thus writes:

“It is diMeult to say how much one can do
for himeell who is divided between catnip and
Christ” (“"Migcellaneous Writings,” pp. 51, 52).

She has even had herse!f pictured in her
jingle, “Christ and Christmas,” as presenting
her book to the Saviour, who presses her hand.
Are not such performances vain and vulgar to
Persons of good taste, and grossly irreverent
to the plous? Is it not greedy to teach that
Christian Sclence is the only cure-all and that
“he who paya whatever he ts able for being
healed is more apt to recover than he who
withholds a slight equivalent for health’?
("Miscellaneous Writings,” preface), Would not
a physician be disgraced who should advertise
that his success depended upon receipt of fees?
Your space does not permit further citations;
but Mr. Mattox or any one else can find them
muiltipiiedin my book on Christian Seience,
largely made up of citations by book and page
of Mrs. Eddy's words which no “Scientist” has
yet ventured to say are misquoted, He also
asks how I know that she considera food de-
sirable. Let her answer: ‘The truth is food
doea not affect the life ofman. * * * Butit
would be foolish to venture beyond our prea-
ent understanding: foolish to stop eating until
we gain more goodness and a clearer compres
hension of the living God” ("Science and
Health,” thirty-second edition, p, 332), Ap-
parently Mr. Mattox thinks that those words
are mine, not hera,

_ Mr. Norton intimates that I published in THE
SuN and the appendix of my book our private
correspondence without hia consent. This is
disingenuous and unfounded infact. T never
had any private relations or acquaintanceship
with him. Ina copyrighted lecture delivered
from a public platform and printed in the
newspapers he offered to any one “regular
medical confirmation” of cures by Christian
Selence of “inenrable” diseases. Accepting
his offer, I wrote asking “what persona mada
the diagnoses in these cases, the course of
treatment followed, the method taken to ex.
clude tn the cure other factors than treatment
| by Christian Seience and the present con-
dition of the persons cured.”

In his last Jetter to me, dated May 12, 1880,
ho sald: "7 beg that you quote me correctly iP
erer you quote me That was distinet pere
| mission—had it been needed, as it was not—to
quote him, and T have only done 80 in tpatsainia
verbia, Therefore the implication that I pub-
lished private correspondence without consent
is demonstrably untrue

Nowast: the merits of the matter, Read-
‘ne Mr. Norton's letter one would suppose that
Thad taxed htm with sophistry and lack of
candor for not answ i@ my above request
forthe proffered “regular medical confirma.
| thon’ ofallegedcnures, It is only fairto say that,

asto this, he seems to have been misled by the
press report of my addreas, He did show to
me brief typewritten statements, by persons
whom he names in vour columns, that the
eures mentioned had been effected, But those
statements did not comply with the condi.
tions of my request and had no more eviden-
tial value than like certificates from obscure
persons {n remote parts of the country that
accompany every quack remedy in the market,
Moreover, he admitted, what does not appear
{n his letter, that. they were all made by Chris-
tian Setentists, But the questions referred to
us unanswered are these, printed in Tor SUN
of June 180, and forming the appendix
spoken of:

“What course would you or Mra. Eddy adopt
fn any of the following cases:

a) Walking along the street, a brick falle
{rom above and cuts your head, causing the
Non lto flow?

“\b) Achild atthe table awallows a fishbone
and isin peril of stranaulation?

‘“e) Your child is riding in a street caranda
person with confluent smallpox sits down be-
tide it? J

‘“d) Achild in the street isrun down bya
cable car and Liceds from a severed artery?

““@) A baby falls from a window and {race
tures ftaskull?”’ y

I have waited near'y a _year for a
reply, Now. it comes in. Mr. Norton's

column-ltong letter and this is all he bas to say

of those inquiries He [| wrote me a

series of letters of A purely controversial na-

ture. conspicuous for the extreme and une
reasonable character of the questions in-
volved, Finally on April 20. 1800, he sent me

a grounof questions elearly designed asa
|} means for making the whole subject of our
correspondence ridiculous, They were quer.
tiona wholly Irrelevant, and while answerable
they were of no relative value to the question
under consideration

Has Mr, Norton no sense of humor? Of
course my lettera were controversial, dealing
as they did witha controverted point publicly
advanced by him But were mv questions,
which he says are answerable, more extreme,
unreasonable and irrelevant or of less “rela.
tive valueto the question” than thoae which he
consumesa column of your space in trying to
answer? t

Let uasee, Hia sixth ense is that of a seven-
veur-old boy restored to life, after drowning,
by “Mental Therapeutics.” Mr. Norton, in this
wonder’n! feat, was himself the diagnostician
aud practitioner; one or both of the witnesses
being, as T remember, lads of his kin—hut os
tothat Tanerk anhieet to correction. In his
letter of May 12, Mr. Norton vehemently denies
| the dislovalty of making diagnosis, in mortal

sense, or making differential diagnoses, e. g.,

between cancers and boils, pneumonia and ap-

pendicitts, He said: “IT make no dingnos(s ex-

cept along the lines of conaistent mental thera-

peutics, An expert in mental therapeutics
| will naturally know the character of this diag-
nosis. Discord is diecord, Pain ja pain, Dts-
ease iadisease, The principle that curea one, if
rightly applied, will cure all.” Tf, as thua
distinetly stated, the dingnovts of Christian
Selentists fa not the dfagnosia of selentife
medical men, what naasurance ia there from a
selentifie and medical stan Ipoint that anv one
of the diagnoses in the cases he refers to was
correct, or that the dead boy whom he “reans-

{rated was really dead, except, perhaps, ‘in
| treepasses and sin,” apparently the only death
recognized by Christian Selence?

It “the principle that cares one if rightly
applied, will cure all; and if Mr Norton ean
anply it #0 well as to restore little drowned boys
to life, how [a itirrelevant to ask him if it ap-
plies to litt!e hoys with severed arteries? And
why did) Mr Noron, having this power over
lifeand death, refuse my elient'a offer to pay
him $5,000 if he would eure an undoubted ease
ofennecer? Why did he let the poor patiant die
In avony without even giving absent treat.
ment? Wonld any medieal man, if asked
whether his sefence and art cou'd afford rolfef
in a particular classe of eases ynsider tha
queation irre'evant or cesizned to bring him
or hia profession into ridtenta’
Irs Pddyand Judge Fwing,

hed leeturer, diatinetly say that the

olie signs follow them that belleva tn

tian Seience and, therefore, “if they drink

any deadly thing ft shall not hurt them" She
save: “When the mental malpractice of
poisoning people was first undertaken by a
mesmeriat, totest that malpractioe I expari-
mevted hy taking doses of mor.
phine, te see if Christian Selence eonld
net obvinte Ita effects: 5 I soy with tear.
fulthanke, "Toe drug had no effect neon mea
| whatev The hour nas ateuck; If
rink any deadly thing it shall not
i then’ (°Miseellaneons Writines,” 9 249) Does
sine person bedeve that? Will Messrs.

\Noctow Susinos King gs Hanae aay Jos 9nd

 

her moat ac-

 

come inrge

they
hurt

% ; ‘ ‘
- Pie” ft Keeryy owe
.

| tlan Sclence,

Se ————

polumne that he honestly and candidly belleves
it? Will they jointly or severally prove their
faith by tossing olf Cemeere of carboliec acid or

| attempt toobviate the characteristic symptoms
| of atropine, morphine or otrrehpine hy poder.
ur

mically administered? If . Norton should
by mistake swallow poison, would he rely upoa
“mental therapeuties” for relief and eschew
material antidotes?

Far from being irrelevant, these questions are
the crux of Eidyism and its false pretence to
being a peculiar and divine method of curing
thesick. Mr. Norton may not answer them;
but according tothe newapapers of tho gay
Mra. Goodall, a Chriatian. Seientist, of 3
Massachusetts avenue, Boston, anawered
them very prvetically thua: On Jan, 13 lasta
Mra. Cariton of Plymouth, Mass,, returning
from Mra. Goodall’s lecture on  Chris-
ia reported to have alip-
md in taking the train, with the = re-
anit that her foot was crushed by the car
wheels. Sincerely believing that the Christian
Sclence principle rightly Spied would cure
all, ahe declared that she felt no pain and in-
sisted upon being taken to Mrs. Goodall's for
treatment; but that lady refnaed the ense and
sent her to the hospital, where amputation was
performed; and yet Mrs, Eddy tellsus that she,
hy absent treatment, cured the crushed bone
in the foot of one Radgeley of Cincinnati
("Science and Health,” p. 19)

Ia it credible that thia divine power ia effect.
ua! in obscure medical cases of uncertain «i-
agnosis, but inapplicable to surgical cases
wherein malpractice is more demonstrable to
the mortal mind of jurors ?

It may be said confidently that there ts neta
ecintilla of carefully weighed evidence to prove
that the cures of Christian Sclenees are peculiar
to it rather than to the principle of anagestion
and that they do not differin. kind and degres
from those occurring under faith cure, mental
healing, mesmerism, voodooism or any of the
sug@estive methods: all of which Mrs, Eddy
vehemently condamna in common with all
forma of medical practice.

Tam conaciona of having treapnased unduly
upon vour apace, but this is,T truat.a final word,
It is idle to combat misstatement and evasion,
Mesars. Norton and Mattox are in the prev.
tice of Christian Sciences aaa business, Mv
interest in it is merely collateral--that of a
lawver, who having seen in his practice some of
iteevils has been asked to point them ont,
Mr. Norton rightly assumes the sincerity of
my belief that the attempts of Christian Seien-
tists, ignorant of medical and surgical know!-
edge, to cure without Ag digenoais con.
tagioue and_ infectious diseases—ernecially
in tenement districts and by absent treatment
--or of serious traumatic injuries, with no
other methods or remedies than “My latest
revised edition’ are a menace to the
public health and a _— grievous sin
againat the patient, especially if ha be
a child or helpless adult. If these neonla wera
content to teach that theirsystem aided natura
and medical care it would not be so bad, All
beneficial suggestion {js desirable. But Fi.
dyfam in {ta @reead tenchea that all material
aids, even bathing and exercise. even prayer
to a personal God, are harmful (‘Science and
Health,” pp 354, 200, 484, $02 and passim),
Thia is ita chiefest harm, that if its practitioners
are honeat they preqade all forms of treatment
orauggestion, If they donot so practise they
are donfersedly chariatans and humbugs.

Thave neither time nor Inelination to pro-
long the newananer discussion; certainly not
unless Mr. Norton or some one of equal
authority will anawer the foregoing queations
frankly and unequivoenlly. The facet that my
book has been reviewed from Maine to Texas
and from Oregon to New York without once
having heen noticed by Christian Science pa-
Ders aeemea fairly to prove that its citations of
Mra. Fddy's words cannot he attacked, If itor
this discussion has opened the aves of one per-
eon or saved one life from sacrifice to this de-
luston my reward has been very grent,

If any words of mine, carefully chosen asthe
only adequate terms of description but cer-
tainly with no desire to offen) needlessly, hava
seamed harsh I regret the necessity for their
use, But the surgeon's knife must be sharp,
Let any one who thinks them overatrong aug-
gest others that. will adequataly describe the
quoted words of Mrs, Eddy to which they were
anniled, W. A. PurRinaton.

69 Watt Street, April 8,

DEATH OF A HISTORIC OAK,

It Saw Many Queer Sights in the Course of
Its 300 Years of Life,

From the Wilmingtom Morning News.

Easton, Md, March 24.—Another of the his-
torlo trees of Telbot hasperished. Nearly three
hundred years ago the onk of Lloyd's Hill, near
Hillsboro, on the Tabot side of the Tuckahoe
River, was doscrib*d in a writing atill extant.

There is no known record of ite dimensions,
Bit it had a mighty trunk. Its magnificence
was in its beanches, whose amplitude was extrac’
dinary. The shadow cast on the ground b+
the outspreading lin b+ undera vertical sun made
a circle whose diameter was more than 100 yards.
Decay fastened upon the tree; then, some years
ago, an axeman made a huge wound In oneside
and the tree, being too old to heal itself, grad-
ually rotted. Hecently some one stuffed the
hollow with dry leaves and brush and set it afire
at night. The country for miles around was
filuminated. Af‘ter the fre burned out there.
mainder of the giant oak was cut down andcarted
away

The high road over the hill where this oak stood
was a line of travel across the peninsula from
Delaware to Hadaway's Ferry, on the bay side
of Ta'bot, whence there was a packet ferry and
mail route across the Chesapeake to Annapolis

The oak in these olden days was sometimes
called “The Qualer Tavern,” becanse the Dela-
ware Friends, after having assembled at Cam-
den, made their pilgrimage be this route to the
Third Haven peeing House -where George Fox
preached and Lady Baltimore met Wil'iam Penn
—to attend the vearly meeting long before thera
was anv town of Faston to extend to them its
hospitality. The oak on Lloyd's Hill was their
regular noonday stopping place. Here they
would rest and feed their horses and unpack and
eat their lunches

Heron Island, in Miles River, is now treeless
An old and gnarled cedar, for many vears the
only tree on this Dirren waste of sand, was re-
cently cut down and birned for fuel by some
ovstermen who were cast away there in a storm,
The cedar was a valuab'e landmark to the river
sailors. Territorially, Heron Island is in Queen
Anne county. It belongs to the estate of the
late Col. Richard 8, Dodson.

OVER THE FALUS WENT THE DEFR.
Standing on a Cake of Ice the Animal
Safely Made a Perilous Plunge.

From the Boston Herald.

This seems 4n !mprobable game story, but it is
vouched for by Fish and Game Commissioner
Henry 0. Stanley of Maine, who was in the city
yesterday

One day last week he and his colleague, L. T.
Carleton, and P. O. Vickery of Augusta, Me,
were in a clubhouse in that city that overlooks
the Kennebec. The room they were in affords
a good view of the dam and water pouring over it,
The gentlemen were admiring the scene, the waters
rushing madly over the rapids loaded with huge
cakes of ice, The ice was just leaving the river
above, and was bringing down all sorts of dobris,
including mighty sawlogs that would make the
plunge of twenty feet over the dam, down through
the undertow and up aud on again through the
quarter mile of rapids

All atonce they saw alive deer, standing trem-
wring ga 4 cake of ice. Rapidly he approached
the falls. He seemed to gather himeelf fora final
fdunge for life. The gentlemen watchi SAW
destruction coming to a handsome buck, and were
Pr wwerless to hinder. They held their breaths

or the final plunge. The great cake of ice rolled
up, 4s the lower edge tipped over the mighty
cascade, but the deer stood his ground

He went under the water below the dam. He
could not be seen for quite a distance down, and
the gentlemen watched for his dead body to come
to the surface. But he appeared after a moment
of great suspense, alive, and immediately swam
bravely for the shore. He reached the bank on
the other side and quickly serambled up, then
bounded over the fences and disappeared tn the
fields bevond, going rapidly for the woods.

A Card From the Kev, W. Brokaw.

To THE Epiror ov THe Stx-Sir: Your re-
port to-day of the Utica Presbytery meeting at Little
Falls badly misrepresents my position regarding the
Westminster Confession laccept the Confession as [
understand It—interpreted in its own light.

Twas only arguing fora briefer and more modern
statement for subser'ption by ministers and elders,
Nota brick did I throw W. BROKaW,

Pastor First Presbyterian Church

Utica, April 11

Tink Will Do if He's Alive.

To THe Fnrron of THE SUN-Sirt: Would
Tink Stunkard stand a chanee of election to your
What's-In a-Name Club® In 1485, when I lived in
Terre Haute, Ind., Tink wasa prominent’ real es
tate dealer, and @ good deal of a politician

BosTon, April 10, Lewis S. THOMPSON

Fine Arta Federation of Philadelphia,
From the Philatelpata Press
The organization effected yesterday atthe Art Club
by whieh all the (nstitutlons, organizations and
departments of the city government that are con
cerned in the embeliishment and improvement of the
etty are brought into eodrdination as the ‘Art Federa
tion of Philadelphia.” if wisely managed, promises to
lead the most {mportant movement for the msthetie
advance of the city ever wien,
A Paralte! Case,
From the Indiana poita Press
“Dewey's iden about the ease of being President,’
seid the Cornfed Philosopher, “kinder reminds me of
the old story of the young feller that was asked if o
could play the Maddie. He answered that be didn't

snow, pecaure be had aeves Wap de” seremnpncttnat te

ROTATION OF THE PLANET VENUs,

For many yorrs tho planet Venus was sup.
posed to route on its axis ina period of about
twenty-four hours, In 188 Prof. Schtapare|)
of Mian announced that the planet Mereury
revolved once on ita axis in going ones around
the sun, and in 1400 he came to the conclusion
that Venus was in like case. Schiapare!|i's cone
clusions were that, at any rate, the rotation of
Venus must be very slow, because the mark.
ings sometimes seen on ite surface did not
seom to move with respect to the terminatos,
aa they should do of course if the globe of th»
planet revolved in any short time. From the
few definite observations, his own and others,
that Behiaparelli waa able to obtain, he cons
cluded that the period of rotation was 205
days, which is the period of the planvt's revo.
lution in its orbit about the sup, He also ies
cidod that, whatever the period of rotatiog
might be, “a rotation period of about twenty.
four hours was entirely excluded ;" so that the
observations of the Cassinis, of Schroeter, of
Bianchint, of DeVico and others who fled ona
twenty-four-hour period were either ereone vig
in themselves, or else wrongly interpreted

Schiaparelli’s announcements were received
with @reat interest and with the respect dug
to his distinguished ability as an observe;
The Lick Observatory had paid) much
attention to the observations of the fant
markings on Venus during the cary
years of its activity and many drawings were
made by its observers, but no definite conclue
sions as to the time of rotation could be
reached, The observations of theae excess
sively faint markings are, as is we'll known, of
great diMeulty, It is more than likely that
very many of the drawings made by unskilied
observers do not represent any real markt: a4
onthe planet at all, but only optical illusions,
Ariuny rate, skilled observers atthe Lick Obe
servatory and elsewhere failed to verify sch.
apurelli’s conclusions, though they were not
absolutely disproved. This matter, like so
many others relating to planetary detail, res
mained undecided. In the moantime there was
no lack of saneuine amateurs who verified
Schiaparelli’s conclusions to thelr own satis.
faction, Mr, Percival Lowell, for instance, tela.
graphed frot his observatory at Fiagstaff, in
Arizona, in October, 1806, @ positive statement
that “Mereury and Venus rotate once on theve
axes ina revolution round the sun.” and his
observations have often been quoted since that
time as definite and final,

It is interesting to note that a telegram
has just been received in this eountry
saying that M. Belopulskyv of the observa.
tory of Pulkova, Russia, has succeeded in
photographing the spectra of the two
linda or borders of the disk of Venus. Ona
of these limbs fe, of course, approaching thea
earth as the planet rotates, while the other is
receding from it, The relative velocity of tha
two limbs can be determined from the photo-
graphs. The exact rotation time of the planet
has not yet’ been determined, but the photo.
graphs prove that the rotation time is short,
notiong. It is not 225 days, The spectroscopia
photographie method contradicts Schiaparelli's
conclusions. Therefore astronomers and the
general public will look forward with intercst
to further announcements in this matter.

PAGO-PAGO A FINE HARBOR,

The Water Smooth There When Apia Hare
bor Is Unsafe for Ships.

Wasurnoton, April 12.-Commander Tilley
in areport tothe Navy Department on the ad-
vantages of Pago-pago harbor says:

“On March 8, while I wae in the port of Apia
withthe Abarenda under my command a heavy
gale from the northward came on very sud-
denly and I was obliged to proceed to sea at
once, In less than half an houra heavy sea got
upand the anchorage at Apia was unsafe for
any vessel, The German cruiser Cormoran
andthe American mail steamer Alameda left
Apia immediately after the Abarenda came out,
It was with some difficulty that the Abarenda
cleared the reefs, as she has not much steam
power. After we got outeide, the weather got
much worse and the gale continued to biow for
two days, I stood down towards Pago-pag,
but the weather was so thick and boisterous
that it was unsafeto run in on the land, On
the J0th inst. Lentered this port at 11 P. M,
and, although it was atill blowing a gale Oute
side, I found the harbor as amooth asa pond

“To show the value of Pago-pago as acom.
mercial port, as compared with Apia, [I will
state what eccurred to the mail steamer Ala-
media on her last voyage southward from San
Francisco. The Alameda had thick weather
for two days before reaching the island of
Upolu, which she sighted when well to tha
eastward, She arrived off the port of Apia
about halfan hour before sundown on the 7th
inst. Although she brought the mail, her cap-
tain decided not to come near the port ant
stood out to sea. The next day, March 4, hs
eame in_and anchored, having lost sixteen
hours. The same day the gale set in and
the Alameda was forced to put to sea at once.
Had the port of call of the Alameda been
Pago-pago instead of Apia she could have
entered it at any time, night or day, dis-
charged her cargo and embarked freight iu
two hours, and then proceeded on her way
make this statement of facts so the Depar'-
ment may realize the value of this port. It is
for the interest of the Germans to have the
steamers trom San Franetsco stop at Ania,
but it is for American interests as well as for
their own advantage that they should stop at
Pago-pago.

Great Increase inthe Sale of Postage Stamps.

Wasnixaton, April 12.—An enormous jn-
crease in the sale of postage stamps has been
noted by Third Assistant Postmaster-Gen-
eral Madden during the pam ayserter The whois
number of stamps sold was 1,433,2000,515, ao
increase of 151,3 1,500 over the same guarterin
7x), In value this increase is $2,050,415.12.
The whole issue for the quarter is $2').280),-
uo7.34, Nearly all of this sum was derived
from the sale of ordinary stamps.

Second Rainiest District.
From the Geographical Journal

A record of the rainfall at Debunja in West
Africa, a plantation on the western flanks of
the Cameroons, which has been kept regularly
since 1805, shows that that locality is vot ony
the rafniest in all Africa (so far as can be afe
firmed in the present state of our knowledge),
but the second rainiest district on the giobe.
The results of the observations for HS with
a comparison with the total of the three pre.
ceding years, are given in the Mitteilungen
aus den Deutachen Schutegeliete n for Iso) the
mean for the four years being 872.5 inches, aa
compared with a fall of 475 inches at Cherras
punji. : Aart

Hard to Beat.
From the Somerrtile Journal

Mrs, Wiggles -Mrs. Rachet played whist with
us this afternoon n

Mr. Wiggles-Is that so? What score did she

nke?

Mre. Wiggles—Three hundred and eighty
words @ minute,

More Wrangling in the Chotr.
From the PAlladelphia Press.

“Why can’t you be obliging?” cried the faces
tious muste rack. ‘The bells play when they're
tolled. Come! give usatune”

“No,” grumbled the organ, [In deep diapason,
“T'll be blowed if Ido!”

Killed by a Bug in Mis Ear.
From the Cincinnati Enquirer

Mewcerr, Ind, April &—Johbn Mansfleld, @
farmer, ied tn agony to-day from inflamma.
tion of the head, caused by a bug which flow
into his ear two weeks ago. The Insect was
removed in two pieces Saturday, but too late to
save the man’s life

Might Have Known It.
From the Buffalo Commercial
An austere-looking lady walked into a fur:
rier's the other day and sald to the salesman:
“T would like a muff.”
“What fur?”
“To keep my hands warm, you idiot!” ex-
Claimed the lady

Puerto Rico and the Docirine of Secession,
From the Florida Times t'nion.

The questions involved !n Puerto Rileo should not

be considered as affecting the newly

tory alone, They tnvolve the econstructior

Constitution ttself, and may reverse th

acquired terrl
of the
accepted doc
trine of the relations of the States to the (general Grow
The debate of 18640 Is on agat That
Issue settled among® An@lo Sasons ull ithas
been settled right,

ernment
snever

Manners in England,

From Bally's Mage:

the master. (s wrow tt ce a

quiet wedding at 1) and the fact that at

tS hewas hunting with bis bounds made quite @
little fluiter of excii@ment and toterest In the buy

The master and bie bride bad 00d days ama

Phe Sr ste Shilo il od Ai ae os Het eee J ase

Sip,

4
AN

wer
re not
solaim
nief, I d
Dido's
justifi
pficial,
“1 did
“Tf suc
ould yo
jon?” ¢
pould an:
huestion
aictume

pf ite pret
holiee OI

OW

Cc y re
ae
r. Hol
porter wh
ey imm
wyer D
ablished
rdiner
jam of p
igher 0
florney
Holt was
rate,”
This p
f witne!
hich we)
ull W. qd
ng the de
hrough
rts,
pounsel hi
n oa
ne polle
put Heto
Diatriet A
ary and
ndietmen
‘he Dist
pened.
nApers
TMatrict Al
Dr. Cleave
ing his
ted
remove:
6 into
7 ne
Molineux
oroner
wo apeed
ow the h
the a
rtofa
to get
ineux

nd gon

Fret t

h

ent an

) 0 .

Mr. Unt
mong ae!

lght bete
“Remini
jaritime
ho hes rn
9 One of
Uh Ly
| Mr
Governme
General in
he invited
Were Capt,
Sampson
Smith said
“Everyt
“antile m
the old ti

Story of m
‘ng ineid

ei
fs
Marleston

sent «
&eReon, t
and several)
fin
b 1834
East ndia
Changed
Much in u

Dters wif
breadth e
sonment
enon ship
upto
of Ny ro
Ange a
his
ine inturey
“ition of
"hie nar
eonld stton
of th Old
™Mpel
'ereign
VY Bere
oyages hy
{ to us

deck o

Sacred
Seton Ws