x vay Lv ae Ss re aye oF me 7 err ERS yee:
AS ERS RMT Veet TU CAE eee ROR EE ae fae aie ed tt BENT Pa PRN SANE EP

e NOSE REN ee ae ee ot * Pat 9 eer Ree: J. mY 2 ONE m4 Bis eos m
ye. ay 2 ? : : nt. 5 . ~, ‘
re Ne, \\( lf ‘ he ! SarorpaT, AvGvsT 29, 1008.
LJ i ae = r Pair and warmer to-day; perhaps cloudy
3 ' Lisle a * hy ht y a ; to-morrow.
< ' * _ Sr Ah es eters yan a os

.

 

 

eed 9 ogg

08, —copvright, 1908, by Ss | PRICE TWO CENTS.
BXCISEVICTORY FORGOV.FORT| %4U7P#U2_seN7 70 747 110 ARREST W, 8, 6, WILLIAMS

Driver for Seymour Johnsen Sentenced for
Reckless Driving.

Newronr, Aug, 28,—In the District Court
| here to-day Warren Cortlise, chauffeur for
Saleon Keepers Driven to Cover by Judge | Seymour Johnson of New York, was eon-

Higbee, Whe Tells Them After They | tenced to serve ten days in jail and to pay

Have Decided-te Fight That It Was Up | % fine of $100 for reckless driving. The case
| grew out of a collision on the evening of

 

 

The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

VOL, LXXV.—NO. 364.

* $20,000,000 OWED T0 SAGE

           

+NEW YORK, SATURDAY, AUGUST 29. 19
and the gross realty at $1,945,600, a total
of $66,956,718, From this deductions total-

he AR Bede ng i Bat | GET TYSON FOR AUTO KILLING ‘MANY KILLED BY CLOUDBURST.

Comthissions to the 5 ‘ , ,
P Mane and Che ee we Oe e ssooian | INDICTED FOR MANSLAUGHTER

Expenses of administering theestatc...._ 170,000 | COMMITTED ON. FEB. 23. |
37,862

Debts of Mr. Sage
Funeral ¢xpemees... 6.6.6.6... cece eens i 3,784

As told yeaterday, the State will receive |
$067,688 from. the legatees as transfer tax |
on the estate. The executors will come in |
for $006,686 each, as against the $25,000 |

 

 

 

Twenty-three Known te Be Dead and Many
Missing From Folsom, N. M.
TRmmipaD, Col., Aug, 28,—Twenty-three |
perhone are kacwa jo: Gest: Sus Beeeet |
Son of Ticket Man and Winner of Briareusr | are missing as the result of a cloudburet |
Race Left Steward of Columbia | which sent a wall of water eight feet deep
Y. ©, Dying tn Street—Garrulous | down upon Folsom, N. M., a mining,camp |
| of 8,500 people, at the foot of Mount Capulin, |

 

——
ATLANTIC CITY TO NAIL DOWN
LID ON SUNDAY.

 

HE 18 THE HUSBAND OF WOMAN
IN BOARDWALK SHOOTING.

 

“9 THAT AMOUNT OUT ON CALE
LOANS THE DAY HE DIED,

 

 

 

 

May Be Taken Into Custody at Baltimore
Te+tiay—Cenficting Statements From
Mrs, Williams and Her Husband—Tras-
ing His Mevements on Wednestay.

 

‘ Oficial Appraisal Reveals a List of His
Gteady Custemers—Some of His 630,-
000,000 Holdings in Stecks and Bonds

pee

 

 

 

See

eee me

a

~-Mrs. Gage & Debtor on His Hooks,

The official appraisal of the estate of
Russell Sage, now on file in the Surro-
gates’ office, not only discloses the value
of the property but also throws an inter-
esting ight on the extent of the call loan
business, for which Mr, Sage was best known
in Wall Street.

The report of the appraiser shows that
right up to the day of his death, which oc-
curred on July 22, 1006, Mr. Sage’s, treasury
was open to call loan borrowers and that’
it was no unusual thing for him to loan
several million dollars in a day,

The executors, Charles W. Osborn and
John P, Munn, on taking charge of the
estate found @ great many call loans still
outstanding on the day of Mr. Sage’s death,
some of which had been made as far back
as the beginning of the year.

A partial list of Mr. Sage’s loans in the six
months preceding his death’ shows the
amounts he loaned and the firms that came
to borrow from him. It will be noted that
no single loan is for more than. $500,000.
The'list, with the date when the loan was
made, the name of the borrower and the
amount of the loan; follows:

  
 
 

1905, Borrower. Amount
Jan. I ,...d. We DEVIS... 0... ese nreeals $500,000
22 ....Moore & Schley.....,.....-+.. 250,000

2 .,...B. B. Havens & Co........ 200,000

2 =... Stout & O0.......... 100,000

23 ....8. B. Chapin & Co 200,000

2 ,...C. B. Morse & Co 250,000

2 ,., Haligarten & Co.. ....--.65+6 500,000
feb. 2 ,...BE.@C. Randolph............. 500,000
5 ,...Dominick 4 Dominick........ 250,000

7 ,...E.@C. Randoiph...,......... 250,000

& \...Byrne & MeDonald.,......... 200,000

® ,...Webb & Pratt..,......- .. 200,000

9 ,...E. Meyer, Jr., &Co.... 500,000
13... Sharp & Montgomery 220,000

The total amount of these joans, with
the interest, which the exeoutors called in
and collected, was more than $28,000,000.

Mr. Sage also owned large blocks of
gilt edged bonds and stocks, the total
value of which, figured at the market price
of the day of Mr. Sage’s death, exceeded
$30,000,000. Among these were 2,071 five
per cent, gold bonds of the St. Louis, Iron
Mountain and Southern General Con-
solidated Railway and Land Grant, valued
by the appraiser at $2,906,117; 1,462 first
mortgage five per cent. bonds of the Més-
souri Pacific, valued at $1,527,700; 1,737
firat collateral bonds of the Missouri Pacific,
valued at $1,838,860; 1,100 six per cent.
bonds of the Wabash Rallroad, valued at
$1,190,500; 12,401 shares of Manhattan Rail-
way stock, valued at $1,822,047;
15,286 shares of Missouri Pacific common,
valued at $1,300,085, on the basis of $01
a share; 86,800 shares of Western Union
Telegraph’ Company, also ‘at 91, total

BEE

a

by the appraiser at $626 a share,

a3

Mr. Sage also carried on

E
“

|
$
oe

the list of théee “open
his wife, Margaret O
as owing her husband
The other names on
amounts owing include Edgar T.
$40,816; Decker, Howell & Co., $47
Sherman Flint Trustees, $28,102; 8.
Slocum, $27,200; H, L. Slooum,
F. Rothschild, $7,500; Charles W.
£6,907; Rose Schurman, $8,487; Charles R.
Sage, $462, and “C, E. Chapin (outlawed
om."

Efe
an
eohel

which were eight on a block of houses
from 118 to 188’ West 117th street, aggre-
gating $142,000. Other mortgages were for
$182,600 on 61 to 60 East Eighty-sixth street,
$2%,000 on the southeast corner of 120th
treet and Lenox avenue and $45,000 on
the Western Presbyterian Chureh prop-
erty

Summarizing the -whole appraisal, the
grees personalty ia valued at 004,411,218

’ tthee

il

 

left by Mr. Sage to each of his twenty-six
nephews and nieces. Mrs. Sage's ehare of
the estate is $63,778,800,

 

MADE CROOKS BY HARD TIMES,

 

Plea ef 20 First Offenders in s Lineup
of G7 for Sentence,

Long before the doors of Part I. Court
of ral Sessions opened yesterday
morning policemen, men, women and
children, all witnesses, pressed at the
doors, There were sixty-seven prisoners
to be sentenced, an unusual number, and
in a way it was a housecleaning of the
Tombs. There were more than 200 wit-
nesses and they took up every inch of room
in the courtroom. Each witness was ques-
tioned by Judge Crain before a prisoner
was sentenced, and it took Assistant Dis-
trict Attorney Garvan hours to run through
the line of prisoners,

‘ There was one very unusual feature.
From the investigation made by the Court
and Mr. Garvan it was learned that at least
twenty of the men were prisoners for the
first time. It was the first time they had
committed any crime, they. said. They
were men between 380 and 50 and they looked
like men who had done physical labor and
lote of it. And they all said, and Mr. Garvan
could find nothing to disprove it, that
they had become thieves because they had
been thrown out of work and had to steal
to get money to support themselves. None
‘of them had taken a large sum of money
or used violence. There was no doubt that
Judge Crain and the District Attorney
sympathized with them and in almost
every instance Judge Crain suspended
sentence. .

There was almost every type and char-
acter in the line of prisoners,
women. Burgilare and
have seen the inside of prisons in this
other countries pushed along the
who had never faced a Judge before
had no idea of what was going to happen
to him.

Johann. Jackstrom, a sailor who had
deserted from the battleship Rhode Island,
pulled out of his pocket a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy. praising him for
making a daring attempt to eave a drown-
ing man. Jackstrom shot at a policeman

strom, for Judge Crain sent him away for
not less than three years.

Of'the batch of prisoners nine went to
Sing Sing, seventeen to the penitentiary
and eleven to the’ Elmira Reformatory. The
others were disposed of in various ways.

MORE LIGHTERS MAY QUIT.

-—oe

Strike Against Weisbach Company Ordered
te He Rxtended.

New York and Vicinity, which ordered a
strike against the Welsbach Gas Lighting
Company in the upper part of Manhattan
and in‘part-of Brooklyn on Thursday, met
yesterday afternoon in Motropolitan Palace
Hall, 64 East Fourth street, and decided
to extend the strike to the whole territory
embraced in its jurisdiction. The strike
was ordered for recognition of the union.
A general strike of the union lamplighters
last April for higher wages was settled by
a compromise after the city had been in
darkness in spots for part of two evenings.

F. Yaanioula, the business agent of the
organization, said yesterday: “The strike
order extends to all Manhattan and The
Bronx, Brooklyn, Long Island City, Staten
Island, Flushing, Rockaway, Far Rook-
away and Jamaica, to go into effect as
soon as the order reaches those places,”

P. J. Prendergast, superintendent of
the Welsbach lighting company, said he
could get two men for every one who struck.
The strikers, he said, quit without warning
or making any demands. °

Acting Police Commissioner Baker ordered
yesterday patrolmen to see that all the
lamps on their posts were kept lighted
during the night tour and to light those
that weren't burning. He also ordered
precinct commanders tc detail plain clothes
"men to prevent strike sympathizers from
putting out the lights.

LA FOLLETTE OUT FOR REVENGE.

Wilt Suppert the Ticket bet Will Lambast
the Platform Builders.

MiLwavUKEE, Aug. 28.—Senator La Fol-
lette to-day promised to get revenge on
the Republican leaders who refused to rec-
ognize his ideas in framing the platform
at the Chicago convention before an audi-
ence at Menomonee Falls.

He was campaigning in behalf of the can-
didacy of Henry F. Cochems, the former
football star, who is trying (o get the nomi-
nation for Congress over Congressman W. H.
Stafford.

In his’

 

 

ears on
fescue of Walton , 10 years old,
pabere.
carried th of {
Ey, hehe an eigh' & wile
Joseph Patterson Revises His Book.

Cu1caoo, Aug. 28.—Joaeph Medill Pat-
terson, the rich young Socialist, has cen-

 

sored “A Little Brother of the Rich,” a
second edition is being yanhs
publishers. After the edition ap-

Patterson deci to tone down
some of the sa of society

Mivweapotis, Minn,, Aug. 28-~Frank

B, Kellogg, special counse! for "
ment in the rebate prosec ition against the

h Ob Cra waite Sealey te
new w

ae (0 New York, where the case be te

| ey Thursday efore Judge lin
‘erris, epecial commissioner.

af E aphltsi= 2 i

John Hamilton Tyson, whose automobile,
driven by Lewis Strang, won the Savannah
and Briarcliff stock car races, has been
indicted for manslaughter in the second
degree for killing with his car Olaf Gunder-
son at Eighty-fifth street and Amsterdam
avenue at 2:30 o'clock on the morning of
Februafy 28. Tyson, with a party of
friends, left Gunderson, who was the
steward of the Columbia Yacht Club, at the
foot of West Fighty-sixth street, dying in
the street,

Through the activities of the members of
the yacht club and because of a garrulous
young woman to whom Tyson confided
that it was his car that had killed Gunder-
son detectives after a search of months
got the evidence to prove that it was Ty-
son's car, Tyson driving, that killed Gunder-
son.

Tyson, who is a son of George I. Tyson,
the ticket agent, is now in Massachusetts,
His lawyer informed Judge Crain of General
Sessions yesterday that his client would
surrender next Wednesday. Detective Fitz-
simmons of the District Attorney's office
was in Albany yesterday making arrange-
ments for the extradition of Tyson. Gov.
Hughes wasn't in Albany, #o the warrant
wasn't signed.

Tyson, who married Grace Ethel Starr, a
daughter of John H. Starr of 10 East Ninety-
second street, at Stamford, Conn., on May
28 and went on his bridal tour in his Briar-
cliff winning car, has not been in this neigh-
borhood for a long time, the detectives
say.

Gunderson had just left the yacht olub
and was crossing Amsterdam avenue on
the morning of February 28 when a big
eatomobile hit him. He was thrown about
fifty feet and the automobile went right on.
Three policemen and two late stragglers
saw it whis by. They yelled to the driver
to stop and the policemen, seeing that he
had no intention of doing so, tried to get
the number of the car. They failed.

réward of $280 was offered by
private detectives and lawyérs were hired.
Nothing happened for some time. Thea

bureau, and all of Mr. Jerome's detectives
were told to do what they could. Anony-
mous letters were received and investi-
gated. One whole Sunday morning De-
tectives Fitzsimmons and Flood went up
and down the Speedway in a runabout on a
tip that the automobile owner would be
pointed out to them.

Tyson had a friend, Virginia Laurance,
who has played in one of the “Cinderella”
companies. He was indiscreet enough to
tell her that it was his oar that hed killed
Gunderson. He added details, The next
morning he had the tonneau removed from
the oar to prevent the possibility of it being
identified, He said also that he was very
sorry over the accident and wanted to send
$500 to the widow, but he thought if he
did he would be sure to be discovered.

Virginia Laurance was indiscreet. She
talked. What she had to say got to Charles
8. Berry of the Berry Detective and Com-
mercial Agency, who had interested him-
self in the pursuit of the automobile owner.
Berry got on the trail of Tyson and worked
ig conjunction with the District Attorney.
Bit by bit they pieced the evidence to-
gether, working day and night, One day
last week they landed Virginia Laurance
and Henry P. Fox, who lives at Stamford,
Conn,, in this gity at the same time. Miss
Laurance and Fox had been showing a
keen desire to keep away from the city for
the summer at least, Detectives had been
watching them for a long time.

Virginia Laurance and Fox were taken
before the Grand Jury. They were not
sure that something wasn't going to happen
to them and they told the story. In sub-
stance it was that Tyson was driving the
car in whiqgh were Fox, a man named McKen-
sie and the chauffeur, Daniel Rohrer. The
party was returning from Stamford and
the Grand Jury was told that the occupants
of the car pleaded with Tyson to return and
pick up Gunderson and take him to the
hogpital, but Tyson wouldn't listen to them.

The Grand Jury returned the man-
slaughter indictment a few days ago. It
waa said then that Tyson was at Riverside,
Conn., and Detective Fitzsimmons was
sent to Albany yesterday morning to get
the extradition warrant. He was making
the arrangements when Charlies Ridgway
went before Judge Crain of General Sessions
and told him that he understood that Tyson
had been indicted and promised to produce
him next Wednesday. That was satis-
factory to the Judge.

Tyson's driver, Rohrer, is suing him for
000, alleging that hie heart and nerves
been affected from riding in Tyson's
because Tyson had run the car into a |
oows at Harrison, N. J.

Tyson was married he got away
process eervera in the civil suit,
waiting outside of Dr. Starr's
home at Stamford, while the
wedding reception was on, by slipping
into his high power car with his bride and
epeeding away. |

os

cca
>

i

gE
3

4
:

Tyson has entered a car in the twenty-
four hour race at Brighton Beach on Septem-
ber il. °

Sramronp, Aug. 28.--Mr. and Mrs, John
H. Tyson have been living with Dr. and
| Mra. Biarr at aren ee their mar-

riage, Dr, Starr said to-night he had not
| heard and hie dsughter since

from
left here yesterday. He did not
Weis went_or when, they auld te:
P,

turn hey were on an automob
wigetes tes SS Sas

he aaid.

Woman Teld—On Honeymeon Bince. |

 

forty miles south of the Colorado line.
The identified dead are Daniel B. Weng-
er, proprietor of the Wenger Mercantile
Company his wife and daughter Daisy and
Lucy Carighton, a young woman living with
the Wengers; T, W. Wheeler, a mine oper-
ator, wife and two babies and a sister-in-
laW and her baby, living with Wheeler;
Della Rooke, telephone operator. washed
away with the telephone building. Edward
Wight, president of the Trinidad -National
Bank, who was visiting the Wengers, is
missing
Already nineteen bodies haye been found
buried under the silt. The hotel, in which
five travelling men were stopping. was
washed away and they were drowned.
The town ia completely blotted out,
nearly all the houses being carried away.
and hundreds of persons are without shelter,
food or clothes. Relief is being rushed from
New Mexico and southern Colorado towns.
Raton, N. M., also suffered severe loan,
many homes being washed away.

SPEND 8100 TO GET. 335 CENTS.

Navy Department Determined to Get Back
Its Meney.

Wasninrron, Aug. 28.—Actiog Secretary
of the Navy Newberry to-day filed a forimal
complaint with the Intetstate Commerce
Commission against the New York, Chicago
and &t. Railroad Compauy and the
Delaware, wanna and Western Rail-
road to recover the sum of % ceate, which,
he alleges, is an unjust, up and
made on the

 

 

New York. a,

‘The complaint sets forth that the rate of
fare from Cleveland to Buffalo is 63.06 over
the first named railroad, and from Buffalo
to New York the rate is $8 on the second

Coptes of the complaint have been served
on the carriers and a date for a forma! hear-
ing will beset. The printing alone incident
to the hearing of this complaint will cost
in eaceas of $100.

CO at en ee et ne
WRIGHT AEROPLANE DAMAGED.

‘Te Baidwin Balloon te Be Shipped to
Maneas, ©

Wasurmnoror, Aug. 28.—The Wright sero-
plane which is being; for its official

8. Baldwin of New York, the eeronaut,
made several successful flighte to-day.
Firet Lieut. Richard B. Creecy of the Marine
Corps, who has been detailed to attend
the balloon and aeroplane trials as a special
observer for the Marine Corns, made his
first aerial trip in the dirig¢dle halloen.
Lieut. Creecy handled the engine while
Lieut. Frank F. Lahm of the Signal Corps
handled the tiller ropes.

It is probable that the dirigible balloon will
be deflated in a few days and shipped to
the army signal school at Fort Leaven-
worth, Kan.

 

BLONDE KISSES GOV. HUGHES.

Warm. Incident for the Geverner at the
Tompkins County Fair.
Irnaca, N. Y., Aug. 28.—Tompkins conaty
farmers gave Gov. Hughes @ hearty recep-
tion when he spoke to them at the Trumans-
burg Fair to-day, and there was no doubt
in the minds of the 6,900 people in the
audience that the Governor could have
another term if they had the say.
At the close of the addreas even the old
disgruntled politicians who grow! becanse
of “the Governor's lack of tact” and be-
cause he “did not consult them” declared
that he was all right, that he had made
a great speech and that if he had only
given them a little consideration he could
get anything he wanted. The farmers
were with hiin throughout. At the olose
of his address the Governor shook hands
with 1,000 people before leaving for Bur-
dett to catch his train.
A feature of the reception was when
ove striking blonde impulsively threw her
arms about the Governor's neck and kissed
hisn, .
Tbe races began when the Governor
finished his speech, at 3 o'clock.
The Governor arrived at noon and waa
entertained by President Riggs of the
local agricultural euciety.

 

 

WRIGHT GOING TO BERLIN.

 

 

Longworths at Dinner en Corneiias Van-
derdtit's Yaeht.

Oversn Bar, Aug. 26,—President Roose-
velt's eldest daughter, Mrs. Nicholas Long-
worth, and her husband, Oongreseman
Longworth, who have been visiting at
Sagamore Hill for sev days, were the
gueste at dinner to-night of Mr. and Mrs.

| Cornelius Vanderbilt oh board Mr, Vander-

bilt’s yacht, which is e@nchored in the
harbor near the Roosevelt lending.
—_--—_—— oe or o>

Railway Conduetors Independent Pelit
cally

IwpiaN APOLIS, Aug. th--Ataoalled meoet-
ing of the legislative committee of the

t
to any

 

to Them to Obey Law—They Give In.

Atigust 7 between the Johnson automobile

ATHANTIC City, N. J., Aug, 28.-Gov. Fort | and a bicyoliat.
has won bis sensational fight to fit an un- |

popular lid on Atlantio City Sunday. The

 

TAXICAB KILLS WOMAN.

 

break in the bold defiance of the saloon men Was Ron Down on Eighth Avence and Ded

came late this afternoon, following a state-
ment issued by Judge Enoch Higbee of the

i
'

in Reosevelt Hospital.

An unidentified woman was knocked

District Court, recognized as next to Con- | down and mortally injured by a taxicab

gressman John J. Gardner in the control of
the county mactine, in which he warned
rebellious café and saloon proprietors that
they must comply with the law.

{

|

'

|

at Thirty-eighth street and Kighth avenue
at # o'clock last night. She was removed
to Roosevelt, Hospital by Ambulance Sur-
geon Milla and died there half an hour later.
The chauffeur, Charles Gibney of 417 \Vest.

The Judge's edict reached a secret seasion | Forty-third street, who is employed by the

of the political and rum leaders this after-
noon just after they had arrived at a de-
cision to brave the consequences of the
Governor's wrath and the possibility of
sending troops to enforce the law. It
threw consternation into the ranks of the
heretofore defiant element and an order
immediately was gent to the odd 216 saloons
to prepare to close down Sunday.

Judge Higbee learned of the sersion of
the rum men and sent them a letter by
special messenger before leaving the city
for his summer home at Somers Point.

“A orisis has been reached in the history
of Atlantic City," hesaid, “I want to say to
the liquor men that the time haz come when
they must realize that the city is a part of
the State of New Jersey and that they must
comply with the laws of the State.

“I am confident that Gov. Fort means

Governor is determined, and every
who has followed the Governor's history
should know that he is firm.

“I would not like to see any one get into
good many of the license hold-

trouble,
pieied, I take it, into f

tight on Sundey.
Judge Higbee would line up with the liquor
interest. His sudden change of attitude
has thrown the liquor men off their feet.

‘fhe belief here is that this city has been
singled out from among the list of towns of
the State where people demand Sunday
drinks as the suapegoat of the Governcr’s
displeasure and that politics is behind the
Executive's action. It was reported early
to-day that last night there had been a
of representatives of interests
most vitally affected by the Governor's
action and Mayor Stoy, Louis Kuehnle,
who holds the whip over Atlantic City;
Sheriff Johnson, Chief of Police Woodruff
aud others in the Republican machine.

At thie meeting, according to the report,
it was the unanimous decision that tho
Governor was in earnest and that such
a thing as the incursion of State troops
into Atlantic City would “put the queer”
on the place for all time to come. The
meeting of the powers had to take its
choice of one horn of the dilemma. To
out off the Sunday trade in wet stuff perma-
nently would surely injure the prestige
of this summer town as a place where all
sorts of folk could find their pleasure.
Yet to opposs Gov. Fort in the face of his
manifest determination would be to invite
awifter ruin, The decision of the joint
delegation, as pretty authentically noised

what can be done with the Legislature.
This adroit decision kills two trouble-
some birds with the same stone, as the
Atlantic City politicians figure things out.
It halts for a time at least the Governor's
known determination to suspend Mayor
Btoy, if he can find the power to take such
a radical Sten, Spd copes him with a man
. It
a

 

eT GMM GA Uy eteptasts Uy HE PEE: TE LTESUEn FE NPUTEHTTaTpTe fa Ueadtes eee

 

 

New York Transportation Company, said
thut he was coming down Eighth avenue
in front of a car and at Thirty-eighth street
saw the woman, who was evidently waiting
for the car. She stepped out in front of the
taxicab and before Gibney could stop his
machine he had run her down.

The woman weighed 100 pounds and wore
a light skirt and a black hat, trimmed with
blue feathers.

Gibney «as locked up in the Vest Thirty-
seventh street station on a charge of homi-
cide by Policeman Ullman of the traffic
equad, {

NO HARRIMAN CONTRIBUTION,

But Treasurer Sheldon Won't Say Anything
About Cromwell Giving 850,000.

Concerning the report that William Nel-
son Cromwell had given $60,000 to the na-
tional campaign fand on behalf of Edward
H. Harriman, George R. Sheldon, treasurer
of the Republican national committee,
said yesterday:

“The report is not true.””

“Did Mr. Cromwell give it for himself?”

“I will not deny or affirm any report
concerning any contributions to the na-
tional committee,” replied Mr. Sheldon.

TIME CARD FOR POLICEMEN.

Scheme te Step Them From Shirking Their
Work.

The District Attorney and the Police
Commissioner are cooperating to prevent
policemen who go to the Criminal! Courts
Building as witnesses from using that as
a means of shirking their work. Now
a policeman must report to the lieutenant
at his station when he starts out, to a lieu-
tenant stationed on the ground floor of the
Criminal Courta Building, to Mr. Jerome's
assistant who has charge of the case in
which the policeman is a witness, to the
Heutenant again as he leaves the building
and to his lieutenant at the station house
when he returns. The time of his arrival
is marked

 

 

 

 

THREW MONEY TO THE CrowD.

Mrs, Ford Thos Saved From Damage Auto
‘That Had Run Over Boy.

An automobile belonging to Eli Aiken
Ford of Oneonta, N. Y., and containing
the owner and his wife, ran down Philip
William, 10 years old, of 306 West 144th
street, at Eighth avenue and 144th street
last night. Mr. Ford took the boy to
Harlem Hospital. He has a fractured
ekull and will probably die.

A crowd of boys tried to wreck the
machine in front of the West 126th street
station, where J. N. Scott, the chauffeur,
was locked up, but Mrs, Ford threw out a
shower of nickels and calmed them.

CASTRO HOLDS UP U. 8S. MAIL.

Refuses Clearance for Curacoa to Red D
Laner at Puerte Cabelie.

Wasuinaron, Aug. 2&—James W, John-
son, American Consul at Puerto Cabello,
Venesuela, reported to the State Depart-
ment to-day that the steamship Merida of
the Red D line recently stopped at Puerto
Cabello.

She was bound from San Juan, P. R.,
United States mail. The Venesuelap

 

 

 

authorities at Puerto Cabello refused to.

grant clearance papers for Curagoa, and she
was delayed forty-eight hours.

VACATION FOR COL. STEWART.

But He Wen't Be Ordered East to Get
Travel Pay.

Wasmroron, Aug. 28.—Col. William F,
Stewart of the Coast Artillery Corps, the

 

 

 

 

 

AD ES Aaa le ae ie tel

’ Bavrmore, Aug. 28—One of the police
officials of this city said to-night that W, 8.
G. Williams would probably be are
rested to-morrow. This statement was
made in relation to the shooting of Charles
B. Roberts of this city at Atlantio City on
Wednesday night. Mrs. Williams was in
a roller chair with Mr. Roberts when he was _
shot.

The police official said that the authorities
believe that they will be justified in taking
this step in view of the fact that they are
not satisfied with the statement made by
him with reference to his whereabouts on
the evening Roberts was shot. Williams
is not in condition to-night to make any
statement.

’ H. Cavendish Darrell, who is associated
with Williams in the latter’s law office in
the Fidelity Building, made the following
statement for him: vos

“Mr. Williams has been very much an-
noyed by the reports that he was in Atlantia
City on Wednesday night. He was nov
where near the place. He returned from
Europe on the Kronprinzessin Cecilie on
Tuesday morning and after spending a few
hours at the Waldorf-Astoria in New York
he came to Baltimore. He spent Tucseday
night at the Maryland Club and went on
Wednesday to his country home in Long
Green Valley.

“I talked to him on the telephone as late
as 4 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon and
again on Thursday morning. Mr, Williams's
movements from the time he reached hig
home on Wednesday until he came to Zalti-
more again this morning are known te
every one about his place and it is ridiculous
to intimate that he was in Atlantic City,

“Mr. Williams did not know that his wife
was at Atlantio City until he returned to
Baltimore on Tuesday. She had sent hima
wireless message, but directed it by mistake
to another ship that was due to arrive about
the same time as the Kronprinzessin, When
he got to Baltimore we talked over the long
distance\Nelephone to Mrs. Williams at the
Brighton. We also talked to her again on
Wednesday and yesterday. She told us
this morning over the wire that she would
be home this evening.

*Mr. Williams of course regrets the noto-
riety ‘that followed the shooting. He is,
however, a friend of Mr. Roberts and is ein-
cerely sorry that Mr. Roberts should have
met with such a misfortune.” y

AtTiLaNTic Citr, N. J., Aug. 28.—Charlés
B. Roberts of Baltimore, who was shot
while riding with Mrs. Williams ye
Wboslel chllr dm tho’ Bohitwa -Siine
Wedneeday night, still lives and the
physicians who have been a
him at the City Hospital said to-night. that
unless unforeseen complications occur -he
will probably recover. While the iesuo ‘of
his convalescence hangs in the balance the
cloud that has been thrown around the
incidents surrounding the shooting remains
almost impenetrable. ;

Both of the principals and Atiantio City
in general, which means the hotel keepers
and those interested in the maintenance of
the reputation of this place as a summer
resort, are in accord in the effort, which
was partially successful, of keeping the
facts of the shooting of Mr. Roberts
screened. Contradictory statements and
the refusal to make any statements con-
cerning

I

Because this shooting came unfortu-
nately at the height of the excise troubles
between Atlantic City and Gov. Fort of
New Jersey various of the informed have
been prompted by different motives
silence. Capt. Richard E. Whalen, head
of the local deteotive bureau, to-day refused
to make any statement concerning the
facts of the shooting which had been ip
his possession over twenty-four hours
before they became public. ©

Heo said that he was too busy totalk to
the newspaper men, and that anyway a
far as he could see there was little in thy
ocourrence to denote anything except ‘a
case of holdup. From another source ia
the police department it was
that more importance than Capt.
cared to make public was being attached
to the shooting of Roberts and that active

s

i

F

h

z

z

¥
iE

7

i
<
o

oy
y
i
5 E
fil
ob

gE
i
|

i
|

i
ft
if

ge

:

E
z
E
F

ie
Hl
E

a2
£
fh

be

5
:

i

i

i

i
z

E
E

i
gs

!

a

$
z

S09 >) ANE