rr .

ce

“VOL LXVIIL—NO, 9%,
PLAN TO INVADE ENGLAND,

 

GEN. MERCIER STAKTLES THE FRENCH
SENATE DY SUGGESTING ONE.

Ought to Be Prepared, Me Saye, as a Means of
Inserting Respect for French Rights - His
Speech Cut Short and His Resolution on the
Aabject Raled Out He Has a Pian Ready,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Panis, Dec, 6.--Gen, Mercier, who @ained
upenviable notoriety in the Dreyfus affatr,
startied the Senate to-day by urgently ad-
vocating that the French naval authorities
etudy the question of {nvading England, and
aloo by offering 4 resolution on the subject
It was during the discussion of the bill to
augment the navy that Gen Mercier threw
his bomb. He had been urging the general
principle that the main object in war,
whether on land or sea, was to be able to take
the offensive He contended that the bill
Mid not provide means for the French Navy
to do this, and said it was desirable in the
event of a conflict with England that the
French should aim at landing in that country

So far he had not aroused special atten-
tion, but suddenly he began to treat
aubject as if an Anglo-French conflict were
impending He said that times had changed
since the bewinning of the century, Steam-
ehips, railways and telegraphs made landing
in England easier than then. Moreover,
at present the power of the hostile army
was far different) Events in the Transvaal
had shown that the British Army, though
gallant and sound, no longer fulfilled the
expectation of the country, which had been
disillusioned regarding its military power

The British Navy was doubtless powerful
and gave France's eventual adversary the
command of the sea, but it had to protect
many coasts all over the world besides a
largemercantile marine. France coald there-
fore equal the British numerically, while her
guns were superior Furthermore, history
afforded several {nstances of mutiny In the
British Navy at the very moment of battle
A landing in Engtand was therefore not be-
yondrealization. This was alsothe opinion of
the German General Von der Goltz and other
eminent military authorities. Even the Brit-
ish Prime Minister had lately shown a sig-
nificant apprehension on the subject
Gen. Mercier then proceeded to announce
that he himself had formulated a provisional
ectreme for the invasion of England, and said
he thought {t would serve as a basis of an
ultimate plan. He was proceeding to launch
into particulars when many of the Senators
shouted proteste and the President begged
Gen. Mercier to refrain from making the
details public. Gen. Mercier complied with
somewhat bad grace, but said the plan was
elmilar to that employed by the Japanese
in 1895 in their war with China with excellent
results He added that the plan would
be inexpensive. Its preparation in France
would not exceed 10,000,000 francs for a land-
ing on the Channel coast or 20,000,000 francs
for landing on the Atlantic coast or the Brit-
ish possessions in the Mediterranean

Continuing, he said it was needless to af-
firm that the preparations would not con-
atitute a provocation to Great Britain or
even show a desire for war, but to be ready
to land was to possess the means of insuring
respect for French rights and interests. If
{t only resulted {n compelling England to
assume the same military burdens as the
Continental nations, it Would be a most happy
achievement, being an additional guarantee
of peace. He declared that he would eup-
port the bill to augment the navy, but moved
to add the following resolution

“The Senate calls on the Government as
a matter of urgency to complete the mobili-
zation scheme of the army and navy br mak-
ing all the necessary preparations to embark
and disembark as rapidiy as possible an
expeditionary ——”"

Gen. Mercier got no further than this when
he was interrupted by protests from several
parts of the house, and the President ruled
that the resolution could only be put as the
conclusion of an interpellation

M. de Lanessan, Minster of Marine, evoked
applause by declaring that the Government
could not possibly acecept the resolution

The Senate then adjourned until Thursday,

the

MARRIED AT 14.

Edith Leemer and Her Twenty-Year-O1d Has-
band Captured by Her Mother.

Mornst Vernon, N. Y, Deo. ¢—Pretty
Edith Leumer, the fourteen-vear-old daughter
of Mrs. Rosalia Leumer of Wakefield, borough
of The Bronx, and Daniel Taggert were se-
cretly married on Monday by Father Talbort
of St. Augustine's Church. To-night the
bride is in the care of the Gerry society while
the bridegroom Is a prisoner in a cell at the
Thirty-ninth precinct police station, charged
with abduction by his wife’s mcther. He is
20 vears old and he lives at 1856 Boston avenue
He was arrested by Detectives Henry Duncan
and Bernard F. Birmingham at the home of
his sister, Mrs. Reynolds, at 380® Thirdavenue,
where he had taken his bride on thelrhoneve
moon trip

The couple were brought back to the Wake-
field station, where they were confronted by
the girl's angry mother They fell on their
knees and besought her forgiveness, but she
was obdurate and told Seret. Tierney to lock
them both up Taggart, who is a motorman
on the Huckleberry Kailroad, had courted the
girl for nearly & year against her mother's
wishes Mrs lLeuiner is a member of the
Tutheran Church, and she was opposed to
her daughter's intimacy with T¢ art because
he is a Roman Catholic Th ners lived
near the trolley road, and Miss Leumer daily
watched tor Tag@art as he passed by on his
car. He general, heralded his approach by
a loud jangling of his gong, which especially
angered his prospective mother-in-law

On last Monday Mrs. Leumer took her
daughter, who. {sstill In short dresses, to
task and told her that she would have to
either give up Tag@art or be sent away to
schoo]. Soon afterward the girl left the house
and met Taggart, Then they proceeded to
Bt Avugustine’a Church at i8?th street and
franklin avenue, where they were married

t is sald the girl gave her age as 18 in
ordeg to induce the priest to perform the cere-
mony. Tag@art will be arraigned in the
Morrisania police court to-morrow morning

   
  

 

 

MARRIED ON HER DEATHBED.

Raby Jerome, an Actress, Becomes Mrs. James
Barke Before Passing Away,

CINCINNATI, Dec. 6.—Ruby Jerome, as she
was known on the stage, and in real life as
Jennie Williamson of New York, and James
Burke of the Ramblers’ Dramatic Company,
also of New York, were married at noon
yesterday {n a private wardof theCity Hospi-
tal by the Rev. Hugo Fisenlohr. The hus-
band wor obliged to hurry away at once to
fill an engagement with his company in In-
dianapolis.

iss Jerome was suffering with peritonitis
and a telegram was sent to Burke He ut
once hastened to her side and although he
was told that his sweetheart could not live

e insisted that the marriage ceremony should

e OT Se before the end came To this
oes rl consented) About midnight death
c

Burke arrived this morning to take charge
of the remains, awaiting the arrival of the
erl's mother from New York The couple
were to have been married next week

lived to Bo 108 Years Old.

GREENSBURG, Ind, Dec «¢-Mrs Margaret
King is dead at the age of 109 years She was
born on Dec 25, 1791, near White Oaks, Obio, and
in 1803 moved with her parents to this State,

while it was yet a Territory. She waa one of
thirteen children and the mother of thirteen
King’ w She was married four times. Mre

 

was able to do housework long afte:
ing the century mark. oo

f
t
h

Che

DECEMBER 5. 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION

POISONER AMONG THE pos,

Ten Dogs Killed on Cathedral Heights in ne
Many Days.

Ten good dogs have been shot or poisoned
on Cathedral Heights within aa many dave
And to-day the residents of that neighbor.
hood whose dogs are stillalive and wellappeal
to the Bergh society for protection All
of the dogs that have been killed were owned
by persone living in West 1i2th street, be-
tween Broadway and Amsterdam avenue
There {9 a row of flathouses on the avenue
between i12tl, and 118th streets, occupied
principally by Columbia students, and one
of the explanations offered is that the dog
slayer is one of the students A person in
the rear room of any one of the flate hus @
good view of the yards of the 112th street
houses and plenty of opportunities to shoot
dogs without going out of his room
About @ year ago somebody sent an anony-
nous letter to the Bergh society, saying
that there were too many dogs on Cathe-
dral Heights, and asking that something
be done about it Nothing was done The
second explanation of the present crusade
againat the dogs is based on the recollection
of that anonymous complaint of a year ago
The dog owbpers think that the letter writer
has undertaken to reduce the dow poprla-
tion himself by the distribution of poisoned
meat and the use of the air gun
Mrs. George Dodson cf 599 West ti2th
@treet has more to complain of than any-
body else on the block She has lost six
Valuablo dogs within a year at the hands
of the polsoner of the man with the air gun
Three of tham have been killed recently
Her bull terrier was poisoned ten davs avo
Three days later a prize-winning greyhound
or which $500 had been offered was killed
in the same way, and last night Prince, a
oe collie, was poisoned Prince had not
een out of the house fifteen minutes before
Bomebody managed to give him a dose of
strychnine Mis Dodson war telling a
SUN reporter about the death of the other
two dogs when a neighbor ran in
“Prince has gone, too,” sald the neighbor
Mrs. Dodson became hystertcal for a mo-
ment, Then she started out among the
he sghbors to wet signatures for a petition
to the Bergh society and to arouse the netalh-
vorhood against the poisoner

William Kennedy, one of the few remain-
ing squatters on Cathedral fieights, where
he has lived for forty veatsa, has also Jost
three dows in lass than two weeks Kennedy
lives aloneinthe rear of 500 West 112th street
and his dogs were his only companions. His
fox terrier was shot first The next dav hie
collie was poisoned, and last Friday Ken-
nedy's last dog, a fine Irish setter, was shot

through the head
PJ. Molntvre, a Tammany Hall man of
628 West 112th street, has a pointer whieh

© ways is Worth $1,000) Since the mortality
among the dows increased he never lets lis
dog go out without him

TO GIVE INDIANS THE BALIOT.

Gov, Roosevelt to Carry Ont His Plan -Reser-

vations in This State to He Abolished.
Arpaxy, N Y, Dee @ Gov Roosevelt
believes the Indians in this State should
the same rights as emigrants
who come here He has therefore initiated
a movement tending to give the Indians
{in this State the right to vote and has ap-
pointed a commission to suggest a feasible
scheme whereby the Indian reservation
system in this State may be abolished and
the land divided and the ownership thereof
vested in the individual members of the
tribes The members of the conimussion
are Philip C Garrett. of Philadelphia, who
is the head of the United States Indian Com-
mission, Darwin K James of the Produce
Ree ange and Usear S Straus, former United
tates Minister to Turkey, both of New York
city. the Rev. William J. Walker, Episcopal
Bishop of Buffalo, and Daniel Siniey of Lake

ohon

The Governor appointed this commission
upen hiv own motion after he had made a
careful omer of the question and had con-
ferred with the commissioners named by him

For the past two years or more Gov Rouse-
velt has been struck by the unsatisfactori-
ness of keeping up the system of Indian
reservations in this State and become con-
vinced that it sometimes brings about fraud
and injustice to the tribal members and
renders unusually dificult the work of assimi-
lating the Indians

fast summer the Governor corresponded
with Mr. Garrett to ascertain how the Indian
quegton in this State conld best he met Te
t
t

have at least

nally decided that the first step was to get

vweether some men to decide upon the lines
along which the question might be solved,
with a view of abolishing as rapidly ae pose.
ble the reservations and substitute individual
tribal ownership of lands. and to give the
Indians all the rights of citizenship. Then
they will be in a position to seek a home
where they may best thrive as individuals
and will have the opportunity of entering
any of the pursuits of ymerican citizens

Some years ago, when Gov Loosevelt
had a hot primary feht on in New York cite,
one of his supporters was an Apache and
the Governor had considerable difienity
in getting his Indian friend's vote accepted

  

and counted he Governor has another
Indian friend in New York city, who is a
motorman. In his Rough Rider regiment,
Col Roosevelt took the opportunity to select
a Choctaw as a trooper There are about

the reservations in this
Roosevelt's aim to have
a plan adopted wh by they may be readily
assimilate and ave an opportunity to
enioy all the benefits of American citizenship

5,000 Indians unon
State and it ia Gov

   

POWER HOUSE DESTROVED.

Many Lines of Cars in Brookiyn Brought to
a Standstill.

The Ridgewood power house of the Brook-

lyn Rapid Transit Company in’ Wyckoff
avenue between Madison street and Putnam

avenue was burned vesterdey afternoon
The building was of brick, 88 feet high and
had a frontage of 125 feet and a depth of
100 There were in it three 7i0-horse-power
engines and eight boilers, and fifteen elec-
tricians and firemen were employed It is

believed that the grounding of a wire on the
Putnam avenue side of the building set fire
to the oilesonked floor. The flames spread
go rapidly the chief engineer had hardly
time to shut off the steam in the three engines
before he was forced to flee Before the first
engine arrived the wallon the Putnam avenue
side fell inward fhe roof collapsed next,
the flames shooting high in the air) On the
Madison street side of the building is the
company's one-story brick repair. shop and
adjoining it a lar@e car shed Phe flames
reached the roof of the repair shop, but were
quickly put out there and then the firemen
concentrated their efforts on a erall brick
building in which twenty-eight barrels of
oll were stored

A fear that the blaze would reach the ear
shed caused the company to enlist the aid
of every person it could find to help in pulling
the cars into the street) It wae fortunate
that the wind didn't chanwe. Had it veered
t) the north as it did later, the big brewery
of Welz & Zerweck would have been burned
Volunteer fremon from Queens county kept
the brewery building cooled with water
Three additional alarms of fire brought
plenty of apparatus and after two hours
work the fire wae out) To a Sus reporter
Clinton B. Rossiter, the President of the
railroad company, sala that the total loss
would be about £150,000

The fire deprived of power all the care on
the Gates avenue, Myrtle avenue, Kricker-
bocker avenue, Putnam avenue, Fulton
avenue, Cypress Hills, Bushwick avenue,
Lutheran Cemetery and the Richmond Hil
and Jamaican lines. After a long delay
the Fdison Flectrie Light Company and the
Brooklyn and Newtown Railroad Oompany
supplied power to operate the eara Within
ten minntes before the re was discovered
the lights in the pawer house went ont and
while an examination was going on the fire
broke ont The power house wae the firet
one started by the company when it changed
its motive power about six vears ago

  

 

Jadge Reagan to Retire From Pablic Life.

AUSTIN, Tex, Dee ¢
political eervier, Judge Reagan, Railroad

Commissioner, will hand his resignation to
the Governor next month Like Cincinnatus
be will retire to his farm

After sixty vears of

 

Actor Faversham Not So Well.

Wiliam Faversham, the actor, who

operated on for appendicitis recently,
said last night to be not so well

was
was

New Train to St. Louts
leaves Grand Central Station 530 PM. reaches
St. Louls #50 next night This isthe-'st. Louls
ltmitea” of the New York Central, Lake Shore and
Dig Four, Noexcessfare.—Ace,

 

 

 

NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY,

 

 

TUNG FU HSIANG PUNISHED,

DEPRIVED OF HIS RANK, BUT LEPTIN
COMMAND OF HIS TROOPS.

Ordered to Take Them Away From the Court
If He Does the Empress May Feel Free

to Panish Him Further - Ministers Make No
Further Progress in Conferences at Pekin,

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
From @ Staff Correspondent.

Smanomat, Dec. 4--An imperial edict has
been Issued denouncing Gen. Tung Fu Heiang
and depriving him of allrank, Heis, however,
left in command of his troops, but 1s ordered
to take then back to the Province of Kanau,
It is stated here that this Is only the first step
against him by the Empress Dowager and
that he wil receive full punishment after the
treaty of peace is signed

it is said bere that negotiations at Pekin
opened on Sunday as the result of an agreé-
ment between the Chinese plenipotentiaries
and the Foreign Ministers that the punish-
ment of the guilty officials should not be first
required, but that the demand for their pup-
ishment should be made a clause of the note
to be presented to the Chinese envoys

There is no ground for the statement that
{s current here to the effect that the Court
will soon return to Pekin from Singan-fu
Sheng. Director of Railways and Telegraphs,
says that the Court will only return after
the peace treaty is signed and the foreign
troops are withdrawn from Pekin and Tien-
tein

The visit of Admiral Seymour, the Brit-
ish naval commander, to the Yangtse Vice-
rovs has been productive of no result. He
found that the attitude of the Viceroys was
the same as formerly, and no new relations
were proposed or promised

MINISTERS MAKE NO PROGRESS.

Some Awatting Instractions Boxers Misiead
Allies Into Killing Christian Chinese.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
From a Staff Correspondent

PrKIN, Dec.4.--The Ministers held another
meeting to-day, but they accomplished
nothing definite. Several of them announced
that they bad not heard from their Govern-
ments concerning the provisions of the pre-
liminary note to be presented to the Chinese
peace plenipotentiaries The meeting was
nevertheless productive of a better under-
standing among the Ministers themse ves.

Phe German column that was sent to Kalgan
returned here to-day. The Germans re-
port that they met with no opposition any-
where At one town they killed a Boxer
who had shot at them. In another town
they killed three head men because of their
sytopathy with the Boxers They also levied
tribute on all the villagers along their line
of march, but where they obtained the right
to do this i# not explained They also re-
port that at Kalgan the Chriatlans asked
them to proceed to the interior of Mongolia
to rescue Christians there, but the request
was refused for political reasons

Advantage is being taken of the German
and Japanese custom of killing alleged Boxers
on fiimev evidence. The American board
complains that at Tuna Chow @ notorious
Boxer succeeded in obtaining employment
with the Japanese, his duty being to point
out Boxers. He pointed out six men, whom the
Japanese killed Later it was ascertained that
some of the victims were Christians. Tt is
asserted that similar cases have occurred
frequently in Pekin, where the Germans are
made the dupes of the wily Boxers Many
Boxers are looking for the position of inform-
ers with the Germans and Japanese in order
that they may without danger to themselves
procure the death of innocent Chinaman

SAYS THE GERMANS PAILED.

 

 

New Story of the Kalgan Expedition Mission-
aries Fear New Outbreaks.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Towxpos, Dec 4—-A despatch to the Pall Maa
Gasette, dated at Nankow Pass on Dee 3, con-
tradicts the statement made by Field Marshal
Count von Waldersee in his despatch to Berlin
las! night regarding the Kalgan expedition
Count von Walderses said the expedition
Was a great success and that several
thousand Chinese troops under two Generals
had been driven in wild flight from the Province
of Chui to Shansi

The correspondent of the Paid Mali Casette
declares that the expedition was ineffective
Some towns on the way to Kalgan were oocu-
pied without opposition

Repeated attempts were made to engage the
Chinese regulars, but they were only success-
fil on one occasion, when the cavalry came in
contact with a hastily retreating force, and
killed thirty. They algo captured the baggage
of the Chinese soldiers and 20,000 taels in money.

Three mandarina, who were the Inatigators of
the massacre of converts, were putto death at
Tsirping, but beyond this the Germans made no
efort ty exact reparation for outrages by the
Chinese

The German officere also generally ignored
all evidences of anti-forelan activity. The
correspondent concludes by stating that the
excessive withdrawal by the allies of troops
from Pekin and the apparent complacency of
the Powers has created a bad Impression and
the missionaries expect a recrudescence of
the outrages in that vicinity and o renewal of
the disturbances in the interior

An undated despatch from Tientein, by way
o° Shanghai, to-day says it is reported that
the Germans lost twenty killed and many
wounded west of Paotung-fu, where they were
attacked by 2.500 Boxers

SUES FOR A LOST MANUSCRIPT.

 

Prof. Parker of Yale Demands $6,000 Dam-
ages From the ‘New Haven Palladium."

New Haven, Dec 4—Prof. Horace W
Parker, the Battcll professor of music, and
head of the department of music of Yale,
as well as the conductor of the New Haven
Symphony Orohestra, and organist at Trinity
Church, Boston, end who, as he save, “has
devoted his whole life to the study of the
skeleonee of music,” brought suit for $6,000
dareages in the Superior Court to-day against
the New Haven Daily Palladium, a local morn-
ine newspaper, for the loss of a manuacript
of a lecture on church muete, the composing
of which required much time, “extensive
research, wide experience, keen perception
and profound learning in the science of
mish Prof. Parker says that by his prac-
tice of music he “has gained a reputation
4s an authority on the eclence of inusic in
France, Germany, England and the United
States, he has beer honored by the confer-
ment of various musical degrees, and he now
holds and occuples the position of Battell
professor of music of Yale University.”

On April 10, last, the Palladium tarough
one of Yes agenta, “secured the loan of the
faid manuscript for publishing parts thereof
and agreeing to return it Yefendant has
neglected to return the manuscript and the
plaintiff! is unable to reproduce it. The
plaintiff had delivered the said lecture many
times for hire to his great profit. and has
many future engagements to deliver the
same which he has been obliged to cancel.
The intrinsie value of. the manuscript was
1.0) and the financial loss to the plaintiff
in not being able to deliver the lecture from
the said manuecript is $5,000

Prof. Parker's lecture made a sensation
when it was first delivered In it he eriti-
cised the Revised Hymnal of the Protestant
Episcopal Chureh ‘severely and declared
the music absurd

 

Barnett’s Vantila Extract

is the best, and the beat is mone too gond for food and
oes. Iosist op baving it. Avoid cheap substitwtes

   

  
 

 

\

WY,

HAVERHILL SOCIALISTS NEATEN.

The Massachusetts (ity Goes Republican by a
Tandolide.

Havenutnt, Masa, Dee 4 RKepublicane
of the city dealt a knockout blow to seciallemn
in the municipal election in Haverhill to-day
by electing a Mayor, a full board of seven
Aldermen and a full Council of fourteen mem-
bers, with the exception of two members
from the Fifth ward, who remain Social Demo-
crates. The result is in the nature of a land-
slide, and the vote also went for license, giving
@ substantial majority

Mayor John G Chase,the Social Democratic
candidate for re@lection,was defeated by the
Republican candidate, Isaac Poor, Thomas
Kelley, the straight-out Democratio candl-
date, only received 186 votes, while Mr Poor
Got $,951 votes and Mayor Chase received
2,874, falling largely behind the vote given
him a year ago

For two years the Social Democrats have
elected a Mayor, Aldermen and Counctl-
men, and this year they were confident of
increasing their strength at City Hall Dur-
ing the State and National election, how-

ever, the Republicans made a concerted
effort to regain their power The Social
Democrats received money from practl-

cally every braneh of the party in the United
States The party workers felt confident
that they would win

The reign of socialism in Haverhiil ts at
an end for a year. Mayor Chase was sur-
prised at the result and made no effort [to
conceal his feelings The total vote cast
was 7,071, the largest ever recorded in a city
election The day was very stormy.

SPRINGFIELD, Mass, Dec. ¢—William P.
Hayes, Democrat, was reelected Mayor in
the city election to-day over Edwin W. Blod-
gett, Republican, by a majority of 8,389,
The city went for lMecense by 4,000 majority,
and voted for pensioning firemen by 2,390

At Pittsfield Mayor Russell was reclected,
The Board of Aldermen will consist of three
Republicans and four Denocrats, and the
Commun Council, seven Republicans and
six Democrats. J.icense was carried by an
increased majority.

At Northampton Afthur Watson, Dem,
was elected over W. H. Feiker, Rep, The
City Council is Republican and the city voted
license.

 

FUNERAL BY INJUNCTION.

Everall Left His All to Fis Wife, and She Heid
His Body Until the Courts Intervoned,

The funeral of George Everall of Everall
Brothers, tailors at 280 Fifth avenue, who
died on the day after Thanksgiving, at his
apartments in the Wyoming, Fifty-fifth street
and Broadway, was Leld up until yesterday
on account of trouble between his widow,
Mrs. Katharine Everall, and his son and two
daughters by his first wife, over the dispo-
sition of the body ‘The children wanted
the body buried beside their mother in the
Everall plot in) Woodlawn The second
Mrs Everall objected and the children say
she proposed to have the body cremated
This allegation is denied by Mrs. Everall's
attorney

The son, Harry J Everall, and the daugh-
ters, Florence E. Mannigan and Aunie E
Archer, through their attorney, Francis W

Aymar, applied to Justice Blanchard, in the
Supreme Court, on Monday for @ temporary
injunction restraining the widow “from
interfering with the peatntitte in the possea-
sion of the body of the late George Everall,
deceased, andfrom placing said remainsinany
other place than the un of ground known
as the Lverall plot in Woodlawn Cemetery “

Harry J) Everall made affidavit that his
father had requested him to see that he wae
buried beside his first wife, in the plot on
which he had built a tomb On this tomb
are inscribed the name, date of birth and
date of qogth of his firat_ wife and his own
name and date of birth The son set up that
the children, as heire at law and next of kin
pe exclusive right to the custody of the
vody and the right of burial, that the widow
had threatened “to cremate, burn and de-
stroy the body and conceal the ashes.” and
that the children had no adequate remedy
at law, Wherefore the injunction was asked
or

The application wae granted by Justice
Blanchard and the order was staned But
the widow was in possession of the remains
and was obdurate. It was desired to avold
acandal and to hasten the burial. So Mr
Ayvmar had a talk with James W) Osborne,
who represented the widow and, yesterday,
the children got Justice Blanchard to vacate
his order and make another, restraining every
body from making anv disposition of the
body than to deposit itin the receiving vault
in Woodlawn Cemetery, untilthe further order
of the Court,

The funeral was held vesterday The die-
yute over the place of burial is likely to be
Ry owed by a will contest Mr overall
eft al! his property to his widow. Mr. Oa-
borne said yesterday that the son and daugh-
tera were not remembered in the will, be-
cause they had received considerable property
from their father Mr Fverall married his
second wife, who was the widow of William
Hayden, the theatrical manager, a little
more than a year ago Mrs” Everall ts
several years younger than he was

eewewee —

THREE BURT IN RUNAWAYS.

 

Litde Boy Will Me—Crowd Cheers a Plocky
Motorman Who Stops a Wild Team,

John Nutley of 746 Greenwich street was

driving a distilled water company’s truck
through Forty-second street at 6 o'clock last

night The team ran away at Lexington
avenue Nutley was thrown under the truck,

and the wheels passed over him. He was
taken to Flower Hospital with a broken leg
and serious internal injuries In front of the
Grand Central Station a Madison avenue car
had stopped to take on passengers The
motorman, Henry Renking of 2003 Third

avenue, saw the tom, coming, and jumping
from the car stopp the horses He waa
cheered by the passengers on the car and by
a crowd who witne his brave act

A horse which Solomon Uliman, an express-
man, of 435 West 120th stre was driv-
ing up Second avenue at 6 © k got be-
yond his oontrol at Seventy-seventh street
and knocked down eight-year-old May Lar
of 837 Fagt Seventy-fourth street, who was
crossing the street. Two blocks further on
Tobias Franklin, 9 years old, of $16 Fast
Heventy-seventh etreet, was knocked down
The boy's leg was broken and his skull waa
fractured he girl was badly bruised
Hoth were taken to the Presbyterian Hos-
pital ‘The boy cannot recover

The runaway continued to Eighty-fourth
street, where Uliman turned it toward Third
avenue and Koundsman Laskey stopped the
horse Ullman was locked up

 

 

 

NOTHING DOING.

Police Welcomed When They Got to Alleged
Gaming Mouse a Little Late.

A man went to tho Weet Thirtieth street
police station at 11°90 o'clock last night and
told Capt. Thomas that he had lost $20 in a
crooked red and black game at a gambling
house in Thirty-elghth street near Sixth
avenue. Shortly after midnight Detective
Glennon, with fifteen policemen, went to the

house. The uniformed men stood on the
corner while Glennon and two detectives went
to the door. The door was opened and the
man who came to it said

“Hello, how are you? Come inside ”

“1 don't know you,” replied Glennon.
never saw you before *

“Sure you do,” insisted the man

“1
“Walk

rightin.”
he detectives went inside and found a
few men sitting around smoking and no

evidences of gambling

It was said, however, that there was a
general exodus from the windows and doors
of the building just before the police arrived

Storm Turned the Hosedale Back.

The Bridgeport boat Rosedale, which left
Pier 30, East River, at 3 P M yesterday on
her usual trip, with a hundred passengers
q@ot as far as Fort Schuyler in tue storm an
then turned back and tied ur€at the foot of
East Thirty-first. «treet She ‘started on
again about # o'clock P

 

Are you omrworked? Try

la your brain fagged?
i Fale Ale at meal thie. -Ade,

Balisntive's india

_—
(Oar

|

THE FORGED NOTE IS GONE,

FORGER'S ALLEGED STORY OF “FIXING”
ITS DISAPPRARANCK.

Victim of Masher's Forgeries testifies That
the Prisoner Told Him He Had Arranged
for 62,700 to Have the Paper Vanish From
the District Attorney's Flies Denials.

Isanc Blumberg, a Pike etreet financter,
testifving before Judge Newburger in General
Seasions late yesterday afternoon on the trial
of Nathan Musher charged with forging 4
promissory note, declared that Musher had
told him in the Tombe that he had paid $2,700
to Lawyer Abrabam Pinkus to secure the dis-
appearance of the note from the District At-
tornoy’s office. The note has disappeared

Musher was indicted for the forgery of a
promissory note for $2,000 which Dr Alexander
Rosenthal of 154 Honry street discounted. It

was drawn on Jan 20, 1900, payable to the
order of Moe Levy, the East Side clothier
and signed “Solomon Feinberg,” the name o

Tevy's brother-in-law Signature and inh-
dorsement were forg Musher is accused
of having raised ($110,000 on forged notes

bankers

among Fast Side business men an
He fled to England on March 6 Jast and was
arrested there upon hia arrival

Lawyer Pinkus went to Europe while Musher
was there in the interests of Blumberg, who
wanted to recover from Musher as much 4
he could of $70,000, which he says Mueher
obtained from him on forged notes. Pinkus,
when be reached America again, had become
Musher's lawyer. Later he was superseded
by Congressman Goldfogle. Biumbere vis-
{ted Musher in the Tombs and the latter
told him that it was useless to try to cone
vict him, as the original note had been epir-
ited away Subsejuently Lawyer Gold-
fogle tried to see the original note and then
it was publicly made known that the note
had disa>peared. Jo prove that it once
existed, Mr. Bluinberg, among others, was
called to the stand yesterday for the prose-
cution

“Musher told me,” testified Blumberg,
“that he had not got any money and the
Treason that he had not got any money was
that he had paid a good deal of money to
Mr. Goldfogle, his attorney, and then, in
addition, he paid about $2,700 to A man named
Pinkua, that he, Pinkus, should be instru-
mental in getting the note from the Dis-
trict Attorney's office, about $1,000 to go to
Pinkus and about $7 to go to others ofmi-
clale in the District Attorney's office I
said ‘It is rather queer that a note could be
stolen froin the District Attorney's oftice,
and he says, ‘Don't you know that Pinkus
and a man named O'Reilly, who ts also an
Assistant District Attorney, are very friendly
together, and by his assistance the note has
been stolen away, and for that reason they
can never convict me on that indictment,
because the note ie not there?” —

When Mr. Blumberg made this statement
Musher turned to Lawyer Goldfogie and said

Lnever had such a conversation and never
made such a statement ”

Mr O'Reilly, who. was busy on a case in
Special Sessions, when told of Blumberg’s
testimony said

“Of course, there is nothing In the charge.
Any one of Musher’s character might make
such « statement concerning a lawyer and
havenoprotection. Aslam theonly O'Reilly
in the Distriet Attorney's offlee Ll presume
that Lam theonereferredto. Iknow nothing
about the case at all. A similar charge con-
cerning Judge Newburger was made a few
months ago by another Tombs prisoner,
you'll remember.”

THROAT NOT CUT AS HE WILLED,

 

Hot the Arteries of Moore's Wrist Were Opened
and the Hody Was (remated.

Henry F Moore told yesterday what bad
been done toward carrving out the instruc-
tious of the will of his father, Henry G Moore,
that a carotid artery should be cut In his

neck and that his remains should be cre-
mated The will prov ued that whoever
cut the artery should have $100 and that

if he died away from New York, whoever
carried out his instructions about cremation

should get 500

Mr Moore, who is a member of the firm
of H BR. Kirk & Co ,tquor dealers, with which
hia father had been connected years ago,
said that when his father died in London on
Get. 20, he and his brother, Willian G Moore,
received a cable asking for instructions about
the disposition of the body

It Was repugnant fo us to have bis throat
cut as provided tor in the will,” he said, “so
1 cabled to have a physician in London sever
the arteries of his wrist so that the terme
ef the will should be earried out to all intent
and purposes | also directed that the re-
mains be cremated The London physician
who cut the arteries in his wrist, whose name
1 do not recall, will undoubtedly receive the
Siow, and the persons who carried out the
{ostructions about the cremation will receive
the s500 His ashes were buried in the grave-
vard connected with the crematory at Woking
Ve have no present intention of bringing the
ashes to this country’

 

 

 

 

 

 

TO BUILD ON WINDSOR SITE.

Mr. Gerry Decides to Have Erected There a
Unique Commercial Structure.

Flbridge T Gerry announced yesterday
through his agents, E. A. Cruikshank & Co,
that he has decided to put upon the siteof the
Windsor Hotel, Forty-sixth street and Fifth
avenue, a building to be called the Windsor
Arcade, to be used for stores, tees and
studios It is expected that the building,
work on which has already begun, will be

ready for occuvaney on April 1, 1901) Tt is
anid that it will be the only building of the
kind in the United States and that it will
the famous Lowther Arcade in

resemble
London
The building will occupy the entire block
in Fifth avenue, between Forty-sieth and
Forty-seventh streets, running back 180
each street. The materials used
will be gray stone, terra
cotta and iron. The Fifth avenue front will
be very imposing, having columns thirty
feet high supportune the roof. Through the
centre of the building an arcade, twenty feet
wide, will run from Fifth avenue to an open
court 52 by 7o feet, around which will
run what the arehiteets call a “court colon-
nade,” Whien may be reached by wide
driveways from Forty-sixth and Forty-
seventh streets, a8 well as from Fifth avenue
In the centre of this court will be a conser-
vatory. The ground floor will be laid out
in stores, extending from street fo court,
while the second floor will be used for stores
or offices. The top floor will be reserved
for studios and offices for engineers and
architecta

feet along
in construction

JAMES AFFLECK'S WILT.

 

Two Thousand Dollars to Charity-Two Ser-
vants Remembered.

Wuitk Prains, N. Y¥., Dee. @—The will
of James AMfleck, who died in Yonkers on
Nov 24, was filed for probate tn the Surro-
gate’s Court to-day. It was drawn June 26,
1890. While no estimate of the estate is given
it is believed it will amount to $190,000 The
testator directs that a monument to cost
$1,500 be erected on his plot in Woodlawn
Cemetery To his widow Lizzie DPD AMeck
he leaves $5,000 outright and directs that
she receive 7,000 per annum from the estate
during her lifetime. She also receives all
the ;aintings, books, silver, horses ard ear-
ringes together with the residence and stables
at Yonkers. Annie Costello, a ®ervant. re-
ceives $1,000and Nora Costello, servant, $500
these bequests are forlon@ and faithful ser-
vice and each is to be free of any tax ‘Two
nieces Jennie and receive
2.4") each, Samuel A Halley, a brother-
n-law gets $2,500 Other bequests — are
Young Men's Christian Association of Yon-
kers, $1,000 Yonkers Hommopathic and Ma-
ternity Hospital, $1,000. The residue goes
to the widow

KILLED BY ELECTRICITY.

While Hamilton Was Winding Wire About His
Arm It Became ‘Live."’

 

Mary Burgess

 

BornpeEntows, No J, Dee 4 Alexander
Hamilton discovered a wire of the Home |
Telegraph Company down in) Carpenter |

street to-night. He picked the wire up and
commenced to wind It about his arin to get
it out of the wav
rent of the Bordentown Electric Light Com-
pany was turned on The electric light wire
was in contact with the broken wire and the
current killed Hamilton almost instantly.

Physicians prescribe Ballantine's India Pale Ale
Ser run-down men and women,~Ads

 

About this time the cure |

Pair and colder to-day and to-morrow.

— ee -

LIKE THE ASTOR TRAMP.

A Nargler Selects dine of Mre, Williame's Best
Heds for a Nap.

Massarrara, L 1, Dec ¢ Like the Astor
tramp, Garvey, an unknown intrader was
found this morning cuddled snugly in a

blanket in a bed atthe residence of Mra ©. G
Williams, a widow and a member of the Floyd
Jones family of Long Island, in this place
It happens that the residence is at present
in possession of a caretaker, who discovered
the intruder early thie morning sound asleep
in one of the best beds the handsome house

affords Heapproached the sleeping stranger
and said

“Shoo! Wake up! What are you doing
here?”

But the intruder neither shooed nor waked
The oaretaker then sent for the Rev, William
Wuey, the rector of Grace Episcopal Church.
He in turn got Deputy Sherif? Baldwin and
with him went to the house. The Deputy
Sheriff pulled the intruder out of bed

When arraigned in court he declined to
gtve any account of hia doings, so Justice
Hawkins held him for further examination
He is about 30 years old. An inspection of
the house showed that he had packed up
considerable silverware but was probably
overcome by the good wines which he had
sampled during his investigation Mrs
Williame is at present living at the Manhattan
Hotel, New York

THREATENED HOUSEMAIDS' STRIKE.

 

Domestic Servants' Union to Be Organized
To-night.

Aooording to Mra St. Justin Beale, who
has undertaken to form a union of servant
girls, 800 domestic servants who are enrolled
as membera of a union to be formed to-night
are prepared to go on strike, ‘The organiza-
tion meeting will be at 45 University place,
the headquarters of the Social Reform Club,
where Herman Robinson, an organizer for
the American Federation of Labor, will be
on hand

Mra. Beale lives, at present, in a home for
workingwomen At 219 Second avenue She
aays her present occupation is that of a novel-
{st But she has been busving herself recently
with the servants’ union and has taken sev-
eral places tn service in order to get her facts
She is a massive woman, with @ pleasant
face

It was proposed, she said, vesterday, to
charge an Initiation fee of $1 and monthiv
dues of 25 centsto members of the new union
Out of this a fund would be established for
cooking classes, free intelligence offices,
free ancred concerts for Sundayve, a head-
quarters for the union and several other
things

 

FOR A RACE WAR IN AMERICA.

Canadian Minister of Poblic Works Urges All
French-Canadians to Unite.

MONTREAL, Quebec, Dec 4—-Mr. Tarte, the
Minister of Public Works for Canada, and one
of the leading members of the Laurier Gov-
ernment, made a@ sensational epeech ata
political meeting here to-night Mr Tarte
openly advocated the unton of the French-
Canadian race throughout America against
the fanatical Anglo-Saxona He eald that
a certain section of the English people in
Canada was conducting a race war against
the French-Canadians There were, Mr.
Tarte added, 3,000,000 French-Canadians on
the continent, 2,000,000 in Canada and 1,000,000
in the United States

"We should unite,” he concluded “We
should extend the hand of brotherhood to
our friends across the line and form one come
pact and united people "

 

 

DOUBTS VALUE OF THE CANAL.

The London ‘Times’ Says It May Not Be Worth
Constructing.
Special Cable Lespah to THE SUN,

Lonpon, Dec. 6. The Times, commenting
on the preliminary report of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, which was transmitted
by President McKinley to the Congress yese
terday, cites American authorities to show
that it is doubtful whether any canal is worth
constructing. It supports its dontt by vart-
ous data, and concludes

“The great currents of British trade are
little likely to pass through the Nicaragua
Canal. It is rather sad to think that such @
striking correction of nature may fail to pay,
but the objections are serious and have not
yet received all the attention they have de-
served.”

PHILLIPS BUYS MORE CORN.

600,000 Bashels Purchased tn His Name tn
Chicago —Speculators Guessing.

Cnicago, Dee. @-—-The corn pit was con-
siderably excited to-day over the buying
of at least 690,00 bushels of December corn
on which the name of George H. Phillips
waa given up A procession started up on
the buying side after this purchase and the
price was advanced nearly one cent hefore
the buying ceased. It was not known in
the corn crowd whether these purchases of
December corn were against cash sales made by
Phillips or whether the young man intends
to embark in the December option on a large
scale

MRS. M'KINLEY GOFS HOME.

She Takes With Her to Washington a Stock of
Christmas Gifts She Came Here to Buy.

Mrs. McKinley left for Washington yester-
day afternoon on the 8:25 train and took with
her a wagonload of the Christmas gifts which
she had come to this city to buy, She trav-
elled in the private car CGirassinere on the
Pennsylvania road. Among Mrs. McKinley's
callers yesterday morning was Mra. Hobart,
who with Mrs. Abner McKinley and lor Rixey
accompanied the President's wife from the
Hotel Manhattan to the railroad station.

During her visit Sere Mra. McKinley made
several suggestions as to tle decorations for
the suite of roome in the new part of the Hotel
Manhattan, which are to be known as the
President's apartments and. be reserved for
the exclusive use of Mr. and Mrs. McKinley
These suggestions will all be adopted by the
hotel management

 

TIEUT.COM. HAIL I8 DYING.

Inflammation of th: Brain Set In Eariy This
Morning.

The condition of Lieutenant-Commander
Reynolds T Hall, whose skull was fractured
by a piece of timber falling upon his head in
the Brooklyn Navy Yard Monday morning,
became critical early this morning when in-
flaromation of the brain set in The surgeons
said that his chance for living through the
day were very sheht

Rear Admiral Barker, commanding the
Navy Yard, has appointed Capt Albert 5
Snow, Commander I Reid and Civil Fu-

ineer EO Po Goodrich as a special board to

x the reaponsibility for the accident to Lieu
Tieutenant-Commander Hall

RUNAWAY GIRL SAYS SHE'S MARRIED.

Sent to Hed, and Her Alleged Bridegroom
Clapped tn a Cell for Abduction.

Edith Leumer, 14 years old, who ran awny
from her home at Westchester avenue and
White Plains road on Saturday, returned to
her parents last night with Daniel Daggart,
2) years old, a clerk, living at 1856 Boston
avenue, to whom she said she had been mar-
ried. The parents detained the voung man
by telling hin what they thought of him
while they sent for the police He was ar-
rested on a charge of abduction Then they
bored Faith's ears and put her to bed

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived: Ss Lampasas, Barstow, Galveston, Nov. 88.

 

-< ———————

“PRICE TWO CENTS. —
JOHN A. CHANLER ESCAPES,

 

WALKED OUT OF BIOOMINGDALFE ABY-
1UM LAST THURSDAY.

He Was Harmiess and Contented There, and
Practically No Hestraine Was Pat on Him
He Had Oniy to Walk Ont to De Free
Friends and Keepers Looking for Him,

John Armstrong Chanler, a @reat-great-
grandson of John Jacob Astor, and onee the
husband of Amelia Hives, the novellet, es-
caped from Bioomtngdale Asvlum in White
Viains last Thursday, He had been there
for more than three years. Hoe is etill at
large and neither the officials of the asviam
hor his friends have any clue as to his whepe-
abouts. lt was not hard for Mr. Chanler
to escape, In fact he had only to walk out
and not come back, as he had the freedom
of the place. His mental trouble waa of
such a character as to render him perfectly
harmless and to make {t diMecult to detect
in ordinary conversation with him that he
Was hot under complete control of hisreason,
He had never shown any disposition to leave
the asylum,althougb his opportunities t doso
were ample

On Thursday he was about the grounds
as usual, but @t nightfall he could not be
found Inquiry showed that he had been
been going in the direction of Mamaroneck
eepers were Bent out in search of bin with-
out success flis relatives were notified
and they took steps to find him, but as yet
no trace of him has been found He {s said
to have had mone’ with hito,as he was kept
supplied with funds by the trustees of his
property

Mr. Chanier entered Bloomingdale tn the
Surnmer of Isu7, He was able to understand
that his nervous system was broken and
he consented to the retirement. ‘The cause
of his breakdown was said by his friends
to have been overwork, but it was also said
that his domestic troubles had @ bearing on
it He wes married to Miss Rives in 18s
hor a time they lived abroad, but in 1995
Mra. Chanler obtained a South Dakota di-
vorce. Six months later she was married
to Prince Troubetzkov, a Polish artist. Afe
ter the divorea’ Mr. Chanler failed rapidly.
Ho had delusians of grandeur and was evi-
dently unfitted for active life. His friends
Erevatied upon him to retire and he chose
Hloomlnedale as his retreat Much to the
disappointment of those who knew him,
there has been no change for the better in
his mental condition and he ts now thought
to be incurable

Mr. Chanler is_a son of the late John Win-
throp Chanler. He has three brothera—WIl-
iam Astor Chanler, Winthrop Chanler and
lawia Stuyvesant Chanler. He {3 40 yeare
old, is a lawver and prior to his confinement
was well known in New York club life

 

WHAT HUSBAND AND WIPE EARN

Cannot Be Seized for Individual Debts of
Either, Says a St. Louls Court.

&r. Lovis, Mo, Dee. ¢.—In its deciston in
the case of J. I. Macks against the Columbia
Theatre Company and Sidney Drew, rendered
to-day, the St. Louls Court of Appeals lava
down the doctrine that what husband and
wife earn by thelr combined labor belongs
to them jointly and cannot be considered
the sole and absolute property of the husband.

The conclusion, therefore, is that it cannot
be applied to the husband's individual debts
and is sacred from the obligations of the wife
as well, It oan only be taken in payment
of their joint debts.

The case was brought into court on a fude-
ent obtained in California against Sldnev
rew for an individual lodging bill The
theatre mauagers answered that they did not
owe Drew anything, but that they owed
Drew and hie wife $150 for the presentation
of their sketch The Court said:

“Mre Drew, in her own right, was jointly
entitled with her husband to the money in
the hands of the garnishee, and if wre
not subject to garnishinent for the individual
debt of the husband) The contribution of
her ekill was essential to the rendition of the
performance. The histrionic ability on her
part constituted her earning capacity.”

 

SAYS HE'UL CUT COMPANY'S WIRES.

 

Tax Collector Wants Postal Telegraph to Pay
Up Back Taxes or Get Out of Union Hill.

Collector of Arrears of Taxes Fugene D.
Knox of Union Hill, N. J, has a fight on his
hands with the Postal Telegraph Cable Com-
pany Two weeks ago he sent a delinquent’s
notice to the company notifying it to pay

up its personal property taxes, alleged to
be owing for two yeara, or he would cut all
the wires and uproot all the poles it had in
the town
Willlam W. Cook, general counsel for the
company, has written Mr. Knox, drawing
his attention to & New Jersey law (Rev. p
247, sec. 115) which provides that inter-
ference with a telegraph line shall be pun-
ished by imprisonment at hard Jabor for
a period not exceeding two years or a fine
not exceeding $200, or both

“That letter,” eald Mr. Knox, “fs the cheap-
est and most transparent kind of a bln.
If the oficlala of the company do not pay
the arrears due they will discover they can-
not continue to own property in this town
and escape paying their just share of the
taxes. If they don't, | will seize and sel!
their property, and] guess I will not spend
any time in prison or pay any fine.”

SHE BLAMES HIGH HFEIS.

Woman Who Broke Her Knee on Shaniey'’s
Staire Will Wear Sensible Shoes Hereafter.

Misa Chloe Campbell, the woman who
pitched headlong down a steep flight of stairs
at Shanley’s on Monday night, as the result
of catching the high French heel of her shoe
in the carpet is still at Bellevue, suffering from
a broken knee-cap

“Ob! those miserable French heels,” she
said, “why did 1 ever wear them" I knew
they would bring me sorrow some day and
they have succeeded 1 wore them simply
because they were stelish They are very
uncowfortable and hurt my feet when | walk
It ie very difficult to walk without slipping
when the sharp edge has been worn off a little
1 have «lipped several times but | persisted
in wearing them. If ] ever get out of this T
shall never let the follies of etvle run away
with my better Judgment again “

 

SCHOONER ON JERSEY

SHORE.

  

The Oliver Schofield a Complete Wreck — Crew
Taken Of by Breeches Beoy.

Ganter, N. J, Dec. 4--The three-masted
schooner Oliver Schofield bound from Nor-
folk, Va, to New York with lumber went
ashore thia afternoon at 3 o'clock Ina
southeast gale blowing fifty miles an hour.
Capt A. Sprague and his crew of six men
were hauled ashore in the breeches buoy by
the life savers at (hadwick

The Oliver Sehotield, which is_owned by
bP. Brockway, was built at Tottenville,
Staten Island, In 1867. She is a complete
wreek

Another sehooner apparently In distress
is about half a mile off shore

 

$2,000 A YEFARNOT TO RUN FOR WAYOR.

Clerk Bouton Geta a Higher Salary and Col.
Smith Has a Clear Field.

The Jersey City Street and Water Board
by a unanimous vote yesterday afternoon
passed a resolution increasing the salary
of Clerk George T. Bouton from $3,000 to $6,000
a year, over the veto of Mayor Hoos. Mr
Bouton announced some time ago that he
intended to be a candidate next spring to
succeed Hoos The Democratic machine
wanted to get him out of the way to make
clear sailing for Col Mobert G Smith, Presi-
dent of the Street and Water Board, who
has been slated for the nomination, and pree
vailed upon Bouton to accept a raise and
et out of the race es

 

 

Refosevelt to Hous Mountain Lions in Colorado, |

Dexver, Col, Dec 4-—-Theodore Roose-
velt, Governor of New York and Vice-Preal.
dent-elect, is coming to Colorado this winter
for a hunting trip Rooms have been re.
served in a hotel at Mecker for the week
before the New York Legislature meets in
January The object of his trip is te kill

mountain lions, and they are nu
troublesome in the country eround Meeker, .

-

SAS a

aa

a ee —

——

Peereangnc oe GS

i
|
4
3
!
j
EB