STEYN EXMORTS THE BOERS,

——— =

TRIPS THEM RAC ORR RAPRres roarr
si Wy RU ROTF

Bare He ond the Wet Will Invade Cape f alone
Where Mane atch Are Meads to doin Them
Pian ta Organtoe « Porce of a on0
Armed firitioh Residents of the Mand
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN !

from a ttn? Corteepondent

A peallent ¢ |

 

lopawevamono, ie i

fierkeadorp, who has heen arrested here,
states that that town ia how «ft . ware
eoned (ien De Wet and et-VPresident Steva
yelled the place a month ago aud the latter
addressed the tnhab.tante He tol ithem |
that the number of Boera killer {1 during the
war wea only 1.200, while 40,000 Rritieh had
perished. He asked the burghera to

tinue the faht He eaid that Mr. Kroger

had gone to Purope address the nations
tn behalf of the republics, and that he had
every hope of success it wae untrue that
Mr. Kroger hed taken a large quant ty of
gold with bim) He wae a true patriot

Mr Bte:n added that he wae going with
Gen De Wet to the Orange Free Stato to
reorganize the commandoes there. Ther
would then go into the Cape Colony, where
many of the Dutch were ready to take up
arme against the British, and where they
would obtain plenty of supplies

Liebenberg's commando of @0 men ‘e in
the hille north of Klerkedorp. It ts expected
that Gen. French wi!! capture this commando.

The Caledonia Society gave a banqnet Jast
Bight {n celebration of St Andrew's day.
There was a large gathering, including repre-
eentatives of the army and the administra-
don.

Gov. MoKenzie made an important epeech.
He said that™he would follow the custom
obeerved by Ministers in many of the colonies
of making A forecast of the Government's
policy at the banquets given on St. Andrew's
day. He declared that it had been decided
thet all British subjects of suitable age should
in the future bear arms. Hie expected that
when the citizens of Johannesburg returned
to the district they would organize an armed
ferce of 20,000 men, which would be named
the Rand Rifles. This force would be able
to defend the district against any possible
hostile force in South Africa. This waa in
the Interests of the people, who would thue
be enabled to resume industry without fear
of interruption

A probable result of the war would be that
the principle of a nation in arma instead of
a grand standing army would he accepted |
throughout the Empire He believed that
the beneficial training, physical develop-
ment and tndependence of the race would
not interfere with its commercial and in-
dustrial progress. Germany, with con- |
ecription, was making A great industrial |
advance. The plan he mentioned waa not |
conscription, but voluntary training Gov. |
MoKenzie thanked the soctety for the ref- |
erences made to the administration, and
said he was doing his beat to continue the
government until the civil authorities were
replaced

Messrs. Hoskin, Dunn and others referred
to the war aa inevitable, saying it resulted
from the irreeoncillable conditions pre-
vailing in South Africa, which were due to
the Boers having diverged from their peace-
ful progress of fifty vears ago

 

ENGLISH WELCOME CONSUL STOWE.

Our Representative at Cape Town Arrives in
Lendon Wearing a Bullet-Marked Coat.

t Special Cate Despatch to THE SUN.

BovTHaMPToN, Dec 4— James G@ Stowe, the
American Conaul-General at Cape Town, whose
attitude during the Boer war mace him
very popular, arrived here this morn-
ing on the transport Assaye He was
loudly cheered as he walked down the gang-
plank, and several persona in the crowd waved
the Stars and Stripes. It appears that when
the Boers attacked the train on which Mr. Stowe
was travelling to Pretoria several bullets struck
him, but he was not seriously injured. When
Mr. Stowe landed he had on the same coat which
be wore when the train was attacked and a bul-
let holein the collar was plainiy visible. When
the train was captured Mr. Stowe secured the
release of the British oficera who were aboard
{t with him

In a talk with a correspondent of Tam SUN
Mr. Stowe said that the present guerrilla war-
fare in South Africa reminded him of the close
of the Civili War in the United States. He will
eal) for New York on the American Line steame
ship St. Louis on Dec. 15

Mr Stowe deciared that the remaining
fighters were mainly what are called road
agents in western America A large pro-
Portion of them are mercenaries, and their
operations indicate that they are seeking
plunder rather than peace Mr Stowe says
that the farm burning done by the British
haa been confined to buildings where treachery
bad been practised or which had been used
for military purposes

 

THIS BOFR URGES SUBMISSION.

Paal Botha Denounces Steyn, and Says All Cun
Live Peaceabls Under British Rale,

Special Cable Desrateh to THP SUN

Cape Tows, leew 4) Paul Botha, who
Wan a member of tie Granwe Free State
Volksraad for twenty-one vears. haa issced

@ pamprlet appesiinme to!
men to accept the inersit
British rule, which, he sas
in South Africa, although Creat Britain's
weak and epasmodic policy in the past
@ gwrave mistake He says that he has re-
peatediy but vainly appealed to Stern and
De Wet to cease fighting. He bitterly at-
tacks Steyn He predicts that Brittons and
Boers will eventually live peaceably to-
gether under the British flag

Ex-Chief Justice De Villiers, of the Orange
Free State, has written to the press deplor-
ing the continuance of the fighting He
urges the clergy to intercede with ex-Presi-
dent Steyn and the other Boer leaders to
bring {t to an end. He saye that the Dutch
Reformed Church could not fulfll a higher
mission than that of securing peace, and
adds that it {i@ ite plain duty, however
tasteful it may be, to induce ite people to
yield to save the oountry from misery and
ruin

 

s ntrv.
le and recognize
. is alone possible

 

 

Wan

 

ARUGER WILL TRY THE CZAR.

Dr. Leyés Says He Has Not Given Up Hope of
Furopean Ald.
Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN.

Panis, Dec. 4— The Echo printa an interview
with Dr lLeyds, the European agen! of the
Transvaal, in which he save that ex-President ,
Kruger's courage will not falter because of |
bis rebuff by Eimperor William and the Car's
Ulnesa, and that he will still try to secure Buro-
pean intervention. He will remain in Europe,
for weeks if necessary, for the Czur's recovers
He expects to meet the Czar either at Mentone
or Nice, aa it is thought the Russian Eny eror
will be ordered to one of these places for the
restoration of his health

The Feloiy says Kruger will go to Livadia
before the Czar leaves there

Viexva, Dec @—The Allgemeine Zeiting
@ays that Austria and Italy are in accord
with Germany in they attitude toward +
mission of Mr Krugef, who, it adds, is no

likely to visit either Vienna or Rome

COLWONR, Dec @—A gang of rougiis. shout
ng ‘Down with Eng@land’’ approached the
ritish consulate jast night and alteraptes
to tear dewn the consular shield The
mounted police interfered and prevented |
thie Some arresta were made

(11-DAY BATTIFP WITH ROFRS

Seon, Bow Drives Them From Bethulle to the
Northeas:
Special Cadle Desnaich to THR SUN
Lonvon, Dee 4--Lord Kiichener notifies +

 

War Office that Gen. Knox wasengaged witht
Koers all day on Sunday, near Bethulle. The

jin offfeial «

wattn or comin nerinii, @
Convention Necides That 1 Shall He Cattery,
Not Bederat
Spetrad ( athe lrespaien '
Havana, The ‘ i ‘ al ton
ventler reassembled ‘9 rveral
oiplete piane for Core pre
aetna later he deleg acre
erasing I de ided tha id
be unltar mint ¢ era
“ t 1 4rat
hig oe ly eeeny ! "
feat pin ‘
eer i Kefior | ! pian
‘ baoaw fr j
acvereuan ft ' i a) ‘ "
'" fe ipal district ahall “ tore
The elector f each province ‘ sand
elect even membera to fit | ture
Theee eleven ahall eleet four ser ra and the
frovernor of the province bie joint belt
latures of the 4% provinces @hail elect a
President of the republic, who must be a
nativeehor Cuban A popular Hioune shall
be elected by the direct vote of the people,

one representative being returned for every
inhabitants This plan makes no

provision for an army of navy It provides
that the laws of all the provinces euall be the
aame Nobody can be a Senator Who has
not 91.500 a year private income

Senor Morua submitted a project modelled
on the Constitution of the United States
It provides for two houses, and that the
President shall be elected like the American
President. Any one who fought in the war
will be eligible for the Presidency There
is a clause providing that the | nited States
shall have the preference of all nations tn
oommercial treaties The few differences
between this and the American Constitution
are suchasto make the Cuban plan harmonize
with the conditions prevailing in Cuba

Another plan was presented by Sefior
Quesada. This provides for the election of a
President by a popular vote The suffrage
is restricted to these who can read and write

Sefor Zavas proposed that a body of nine
men bers be elected to form acourt of appeals,
which will have the power to reverse deci -
sions of the Supreme Court. He also pro-
posed that any Judge could appeal to this
body in the event of his thinking himself
unfairly treated or in the event of his losing
bis place

Sefior Ferrer prosented a project for the
organization of education throughout the
island

All these projects were ordered printed
and sent to the several sections of the con-
vention, who will proceed to study them

Gualberto Gomez again moved that & reply
be sent to Gov. Wood's speech opening the
convention despite the fact that the con-
vention had previously refused to accept the
suggestion. It was again rejected to-day,
the vote standing 22 to 4. The delegates re-
alized that to adopt the motion in face of
{ts previous rejection would stultify them-
selves in the eyes of everybody

PRENCH SONS OF THE AMERICAN WAR.

80,000

Committee Preparing Lists for Organization
as Ally of the 8. A. R.

Sperial Cable Despatch to THE suN

Paris, Dec «4 —The Figaro to-diy says:
*A committee is preparing lists of all those who
took part in the exped.tions of Rochambeau
and Lafayette. When these are ready the de-
scendants of the soldiers of 1780 will be sought
outand aeociety similar to the Sons of the
American Revolution will be formed in France,
with the object of grouping the French and
Americans at university centres, Thus
these descendants will mingle their so iis as
their ancestors mingled their biood ©

our

 

NOT EDUCATED AS A_ KING.

Senor Robledo Says Alfonso Is Ketng Trained
to Obey, Not to Rule.

Special Cadle Despatch to 1 HB SUN

Manpnip, Dec. 4. —During a debate In
Chamber of Deputies to-day over the coming
marriage of Princess Meroedes, of the Aus-
trias, to Prince Charles of Bourbon, Sefior Robles
do, the former Minister of Justice, referred to
the education of King Alfonso and attacked
the Ministers on the ground that the young
King was being educated to obey and not to

rule,

the

| AMERICAN PLANS FOR LONDON.

New York Company Planning to Baild Electric
Surface Line to the Subarbe.
Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN,

Lonpon, Deo. 6.--A newspaper here as-
cribes to Mr. Frank Ws Hawley, Vice-Prest-
dent of the Erie Canal Electric Traction Com-
pany, who is now in London, @ statement
that a syndicate of capitalists has been formed
{n New York to develop electric traction be-
tween London and places within a radius
of thirty miles by means of surface lines
connecting with the existing and proposed
underground lines. The syndicate is pre-
pared to expend from £1,000,000 to £4,0000,000,

 

JAPAN TO BUILD HER OWN WARSHIPS.

 

Has Invited Bids for the Erection of an Armor-
Plate Plant at Tokio.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Loxnon, Dec 4.—The Central News aars
that Japan is inviting tenders in Great Britain
for the erection of an armor plate plant at
Tokto. This is construed as an intention
on the part of Japan to build her own war-

slips

 

TO DEPORt BOER PIOTTERS.

Men Who Planned to Aassassinate Roberts Will
Not Have a Trial.
Spectal Cabie Despatch to THE SUN.

Cape Tows, Dec 4--Fleven persons who
were arrested at Johannesburg in connection
with the plot to assassinate Lord Roberts while
he was at church, a couple of weeks ago, will
be deported. The evidence against them ts not
sufficient to Justify their trial

VISCOUNT HALIFAX A CONVERT?:

Dublin Paper Saye He Will Soon Be Received
Into the Church of Rome,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpon, Dec. @— Viscount Halifax, Pres.
ident of the Erglish Chureh Union and ta
leader of the English ritualists, will shorth

according to the Dublin Herald, he rece ved

in the Church of Roine

 

(zar Ie Able to Sit Up,

 

 

Special Carle Despatch to THR SUN
Ma pia, De + Lhe Crar passed the
twenty-four hours very satisfactorily. Last
evening his terperature was 100.6 and pulse j
s). This morning his temperature was 964
and pulse 6¢ His condit is vety acod and |
heis able to sitin aninvaud’s chair atintervals
Flood ( anses Great Damage tn Rome.
Special thle Dee h to THE StN
Rome, Dec 4 the ris ‘her ie in A \
andthe bank bas¢ wey between tl dees
Cesto and ¢ ne dance

 

amount of $7,500,000

Salutes in Honor of the Empress Dowager

Spertai Cadie 1 tspate? Her Sts
SuanonHal, Dec 4 The frreign w
sels at the YVangtse-hiang ports dress
and fired salutes bonor { the }
bovwager's birthd

france Pleased With the Meesage

1 Cate Despetch to TH

Pat Dec. 4 —Much satisfaction is ext
rcles
message, especially in regard t .
references France

To Cure a Cold in One Dar

asks 49 : Tat
Deore ere to the northeast The British " ts serena’ the seamen” a “tal 5 t0 ¢ ; i. ‘
bh touch with them Tove s signature ison each bua 250~-Ade ;
- = = ey we =

a. ae

 
 
 
 

 

The SUN

ATTERBURY I8 RE-ELECTED,

FOR FOURTH TIME CHAIR@AN OF KIVOS
(OUNTY commitTee

finty Powe Votee Cat Againet Him Waker @
Spee hin Which Me Defines Mie Att
fade Hegording the Place Uaped Same.

hed Blee Would He Found Acceptatic

') \trerhoury woe reflected Pre
the 4 ' ‘ rt ‘ ive
tv ot the erunad the or@anica
the Johnaton Wuilding, FI nM
1 Nevinge etreet " at
fn ‘of voles were caat gainat

! leider of this small to i
! . ¥ the eandidate for ¢ goose
fiat t at the recent election

and was defeated

HK. karrer of the Twenty-third ward
bitced Mr. Atterbury in nomination in @
eniometic speech Record Commisshoner
Ceotme Eo Waldo seconded the nominaton
aod #ito e@ulogized) Mr Atterbury Hert
Keiss then placed in nomination Col. Andrew

I) Baird Hoe opposed the reélection of Mr
Atterbury, he said, because Mr, Atterbury
had publicly said he would not accept the
place under any circumstances. He said
that Mr. Atterbury hed accused Lieut -Gov,
Woodruff of breaking faith with him and
what was wanted as J’resident of the cuim-
nittee Was a juan who was broad and liberal.

Congressiman-eleot Harry A. Hansbury said
that Mr Atterbury did say he would not
aceapt the place, and why? He desired
to go On record as not standing in the wa

of any man who was willing to serve an
Who would have been satisfactory to the
tuembers of this committee Didn't Theo-

dore Koosevelt say that he could not accept

 

the nomination for Vice-President of the
(nited States, and isn't he the Vice-Preai-
dent? (Applause) Mr RKetse must have
some personal animosity against Mr At-
forbury, When he wets oider he'll know
wetter

George F Elliott asked Mr. Reias to with-
draw the name of Col Baird and make the
nomination of Mr Atterbury unanimous

Mr Kieiss declined to do eo. The vote was
then announced as follows

Total number of votes cast 181, of which
Mr Atterbury, who is a member of the com-
niiftee, received 127 and Col Baird, who has
hot qual.ded as a member, received 4

Mr Atterbury was then escorted to the
platform In accepting the office he anid
in part

can truthfully say that I did not seek
this reflection At the mere suggestion that
it might be for the parts’s advantage for
sole tian not heretofore particularly active
in local polities to be selected to preside over
your deliberations during the year i901, 1
readily assented to the change suggested
“LT have at all times been not only read
hut anxious to do what may have seeme
for the best interests of the Republican party
A vearanda halfago, without the siightest
Puggestion from any one, Linvited Mr. Schie-
ren, Mr Oeden, Mr. McKeen, Judge Steele,
Mr ftussell and Mr Richards to a conference
which was held inMr MeKeen's office, and
there suawested to them that one of their
number, or some one they might Dame, take
mv place as chairman of rour body, if this
action met with vour approval, and if the
varty’s prospects could be improved thereh:
hese gentiomen assured me that they did
not desire me to resign JF would not have
referred to thie yuatter were it not for the dis-
eussion which fie heen precipitated in the
putilc press recently and whieh hae caused
undue comment
nelusion T beg to say that IT have not

  

  
 
 

    

 

 
 
 

a fois oMoe under conditions nor have
I gized to any one as stated in the presa
1 ve said that only one maninthis commit-
tee has a just grievance, and all other criti-
‘ isof my official action are based upon @
mi atement of facts

ide enemies because TU have ope
ders who maintained no
ganization worthy of the name If this
n polities is worthy of eondemnation
oy the people Tam ready to retire “

These offcers were also elected: Cice-
President, Adolph Kiendl. Secretary, Clarence
4 Rarrow, Assistant Secretary, Frank A
Gardiner, Treasurer, John Drescher, Jr

At the conelusion of the meeting

‘Thaye +
yaad district lé

t
co rae}

Col

 

Michael J) Dady, chairman of the Republi-
ean Executive Committee, and Congressmen-
elect Hanbury and Bristow. started for

Washington, Col Dady to seek information
War Department concerning bis Ha-
vana eontract nffaire and the Congressmen-
elect to visil Congress and get an idea of the
duties they will have to perform when they
are aworn in as Representatives of the next
Congress

a! the

 

KINGS COUNTY DEMOCRATS.

Connty Committee Reorganizes by Re-electing
All Its Officers.

The Kings County Democratic General
Committee met in the Thomas Jefferson
Ruliding in Brooklyn last evening and or-

ganized for 1901 by reeleeting all the present
oMcers, who are James Moffatt, President
dames D. Bell, First Vice-President. James
ennon, Second Vies-President, Frank J.
O'Reilly, Secretary: Michael J. Cummings,
Corresponding Secretary, Arthur C. Salmon,
r irer, and Frederick Rumrnell, Sergeant-
at-Arms The several Assembly apict
associations were directed to meet on Mon-
day evening next to elect members of the
tounty Executive Committee
Bridge Commissioner John TL. Shea aaid
that the Seeretary had the letter of Otto
Kempner, in which he resigns as a member
of the Democratic organization, and he moved
that the resignation he accepted The let-
ter, whieh was printed in Tar Sts on Sunday
last. was not rend to the committee, but th
motion of Commissioner Shea wae adopte
without diseusaion
With reference to a statement in the Foole

   

yesterday afternoon that Comptroller Coler
would not be reappointed chairman of the
Finanea Committee of the Democratie or-
ganization, Cominissioner Shea said, after

the meeting, and in reply to a question, that
Mr. Coler would undoubtedly be reappointed.

OFFICIAL COUNT IN KINGS.

Board of County Canvassers Files Ite Report
Final Election Figures.” -
The Board of County Canvassersin Brooklyn
yesterday finished its labors, and its report,
mes the official election count, was
filed in the County Clerk's office and a copy
sent to the Seeretary of State The result
of the count shows that President ee
received 100,085 votes, and that Willia
Bryan received 108,221, @ plurality for MoRin-
ley of 3.764. The vote for Governor was
Scancliflield, 108,577) Odell, 106,220; Stanch-
feid’@a plurality, 2,865 Lieutenant-Governor:
Mackey, (08,097, Woodruff, 106,628, Mackey's
plurality, 1,7

which bees

 

 

You
want to

et well. Who

oesn't? But

you are discour-
(7 aged. You've tried
J medicines that prom-
ised much but didn’t
keep their promises. If
you want to get well
try the medicine that

makes people well,

Dr.Prerces
GOLDEN MEDICAL

DISCOVERY.

For diseases of the stomach
and organs of digestion and
nutrition, this medicine offers
a practically unfailing cure.
Ninety-eight per cent. of all
who use it get well

ipnot cxpress half my feel.
f gratefulness to you writes

e E Clark, of Futerprise
"o., Mc 1 had de

spaired of ever getting well. 1

had bad health for
twelve years Hac aches all
through me, numb hands, cold
feet. and evervthing late dis
tresse] me, Lowes constinated
was very nervous, depress-
edand despondent When I
first wrote to you I thought
1] could never be cured
have taken six bottles
Dr Pierce's Golden
Medica! Discovery,
and ity health
is now good."

been in

   
 
 

|
|

|
|

t inspection.

PORTO RICANS ITN ARAAION.

Plan of Government Presented to the Mouse
of Delegates

Special Cattle Despaich to THE AUN

lee «@ The first
Hovew of Dele
and another

fan
aeaalon

duas, Porta Hieo
of the Porte Rican
antes as opened
seeaion Was held thie morning at which Ges
Allen presented hea mage Mr Hunt
f Porto Ri ind President of the
hove well, called tl rider
There are thirty-one membera of the House

{ Delegates and al

The
bullding, which wa
Alen lara@e crowds in
unable to obtain admiasion All
buildings were decorated in honor
occaaion

The delegates were welcomed by Mr Hunt
on behalf of the Executive Council, the mem-
bers of which retired after the House had
heen called to order and the roll of members
announced Then the oaths were adminis.
tered in Spanish and English by Sefior Qui-
nones, the former Spanish Chief Justice of
the island) = After this a committse of seven
was appointed to consider nominationa for
Speaker, They reported the name of Sefior
Quinones, who declined After further de-
liberation the committee named Sefior Man-
uel F. Rossy, who was unanimously elected,
A eecretaTy and sergeant-at-arms were
named

The committee of seven then notified Gov
Allen and the Executive Council that the
House had been permanently ortganized
The Governor sent his congratulations and
said he would send a message to the joint
session of the House and Executive Council
to-day The rules of the House of Repre-
sentatives at Washington were adopted
for the government of the House, and an
adjournment was taken until to-day

The Executive Council met in the after-
noon and reelected Mr Hunt President with-
out opposition The Council refused to
grant the French railway franchise and also
adopted a resolution against granting any
subsidies The members of the Counetl
are very anxious to grant any concessions
compatible with the economic welfare of the
island, but are unable to guarantee any
interest on the investment. J. D. Luco re-
ceived a franchise for the erection of a wharf
and pier at Ponee

The House of lalegates and the Executive
Council met in joint seesion at 11 o’olock this
morning Gov Allen was ascorted from the
Exeoutive Manalon by a Joint committee
and took a feat beside the Speaker. His
message waa read in English and Spanish,
after which the House adjourned

The message contained valuable recom-
mendations It gave the details of a complete
plan of governmental reorganization, touched
upon the finances, education, judictary and
municipalities, and advised the adoption of
the New Fn@land town and county plan. It
further advised the establishment of asylums
fer the poor and crippled, and recommended
the building of roads

Thus far the Treasury receipts have ex-
ceeded the expenditures The balance on
hand is $290,968, in addition to which $1,061,606
is due on the customs refunded by Congress

veatetday

Secretary
itive C« s anation te
hut
held
eroded

the «treet

five were
inthe Post
There
who
the

present
meeting waa OMece
wore
wera
publie
of the

FOLEY TO FIGHT DIVVER

And Try and Wrest the Tammany Leadership
Away From Him,

Big Tom Foley, as he is known through-
out the East Side, who, with Congressman
Daniel J. Riordan, resigned from the P. Divver
Association of the Second Assembly district
on Monday evening under pressure from
the Hon. P. Divver, announced yesterday
that he was going to fight Mr. Divver for the
Tammany leadership tn the district from
now untU the primaries next fall, and that
he expected that every young man in the dis-
trict would help him. Politicians around the
City Hall said that if Mr. Foley decided to
fight Mr. Divver, the Hon. Timothy ID. Sul-
livan, leader of the Sixth district, might help
him and that the ea-Police Justice would
have to hustle. Mr. Foley has been regarded
as an anti-Divver man ever since Mr. Divver
knocked out ex-Alderman Nicholas T, Brown
in 1897 and returned to power in the Second
with the return of the Hon. Richard Croker
to Tammany 's leadership. Mr. Foley didn't
appear to feel very badly vesterday cause
he had been forced out of the Divver asso-
elation

“| resigned,” he said, “because the Divver
club doesn't represent true Democracy I
made up my mind 1] could use the money |
put into the club to better advantage among
th: poor peopletnthe district. Divver doesn't
give anything to our poor people but a bluff,
and a bluff wont buy a dinner He showed
what kind of a man he was in 1908, when
lot of his election offlvers were arrested aan
sentenced and he went away to California
until it blew over Look how he turned the
Congressman down! Riordan didn't know
anything about it, IT met the Congresaman
on Thanksgiving Day, and he said ‘Foley,
why don't vou go in for the leadership?’ 1
didn't care for it, but Lsaid ‘Why not?’ That's
alithereistoit. Asto dislovalty, that charge
isa lie, [ worked for Creamer all through
the campaign The Democrats wanted Rior-
dan, but Creamer just pulled through.”

Congresarnan Riordan said vesterday that
the Divveer Association waa full of talebear-
ere and petty factions, and that he, ae Presi-
dent, had been subjected to backbiting until
he got tired and decided to get out. Riordan
worked for Creamer during the « paign

Divver's friends think that he {s safe tn
the leadership because they expect Croker
to help him carry the district Mr Croker
interfered pertonaliy in the affaira of the
district last fall and dictated the nomination
of Creamer for Congress

DERS ON THE DEMOCRATIO PARTY.

 

 

Says It Is Breaking Up. and the Social Demo-
crates Will Gain Thereby.

Terre Havre, Dec 4¢-—Inan address pre-
pared for his followers Eugene Vo Debs
makes clear that be hopes for the growth of
the Social Democratic party through ae-
cessions from the ranks of the Democratic
party After saying that the triumph of
the Republican party will incite the truate
to“runriot” and bring about over-production
that will result in a panic before the end of
the second McKinley Administration, he
faye

“The Democratic party presents a picture
never before exhibited in the political gal-
lery Its platform looks as if a cyclone had
revised it and ita demoralization is com.
plete. There ia no longer room for a party
that seeks to ride into office by straddling
the class issue With the double-dealing

Democratic ye doomed, the political at-
mosphere will clear up and the working class
will rally with the Social Democrat party
And vet the capitalist class cannot afford
to allow the Democratic party to retire from
business It giuust be used to arrest the
pe er sa of s@cialism, and eo it is entirely
vat

pro le that the radical element will be
given full permission te aut anize the corpse
with an iniection of public ownership ”

\ cal) ts issued for a national convention
to be held in Chicago on Jan 15, to adopt a
plan for an aggressive campaign of organinza-
tint Heferring to the vote polled hy the
party, Debs saye the total will be between
100.000 and 150.000 He thinks that 200.900
voters trjed to vote for the party tinket The
report of the campalgn committée shows
the total receipts to have been $8,597

V\EW COUNT,

 

 

   

cOoTT WANTS

Asks Court to Order Inspection of Batlote Re
tarved Vold or Defective.

van

 

Richard Van Cott according to the
oMecal canvass wa ted for Congress
in the Bighth district on the Republican
ticket Dy 71 plurality by Thomas J Creamer

\oved before Justice Laventritt of the Sue

 
     

preme Court veeterday for an examination
of the vold and defective ballots. His coun-
sel, Alfred Ro Conkling said that these

ballots are kept under the present law in en-
velopes by the County Clerk for @ix months
{1 ui , purposes of such in-
1 that in one election dis-
te should have

    

been ac-
cepted which were rejected
Assistant Corporation Counsel Alfred C

Butts opposed the motion because the al-
legations of Mr. Van Cott were on informa.
tion and bellef and he did not show what
change would be made by the acceptance
of ballots improperly rejected.

Justice Leventritt said that even if there
were incidental defects in the motion papers
it was the policy of the law to permit such
e reserved decision.

SS

WhKVUNESVAY, VECHMienK 5, 1900.

ee

    
 

UNCLE SAM NABS A BROKER

meee ee

JOSFTH WALK ARnEATED FOR VIOLAT-
ING WAR TAX LAW.

Placed in Castody on the Floor of the Coneoll-
dated Kachange Forty (ther Hrokers of
the Mack] tet Hevenar Inspector Save
They Vatied to AMs Stamps to Memoranda.

Joseph Halk, one of the larweat tradere
Conpolidated Stock and Petroleum
Feohange, wae arrested on the floor of the
Fechanae vesterday afternoon charged with
violating the Internal Kevenue laws Atl
| o'clock, when the trading waa at its helabt,
men approached the gateman on the
(floor, bat were stopped when they attempted
They then asked for Mr Halk
When the broker came to the gate he was
toformed by the strangers that they were
Deputy United States Marahal MoAvainoy
and Deputy Kevenue Clerk Taylor and they
served a warrant charging Halk with not
complying with that part of the War Tax law
by which every person selling shares of stock
is obliged to affix $2 worth of revenue stamps
to every memorandum of a sale or agreement
to sell $100 worth of stock. Halk was per-
mitted to finish up some trading, after which
he was taken before United States Com-
missioner Shields. At the request of his
lawyer, Charles F. Bauerdorp, the !Com-
missioner held the prisoner in $1,000 bonds
for hearing on Dec, 14,

Halk went directly back to the Consoli-
dated Exchange and resumed his business
dealings, When he had concluded he in-
formed a number of his associates of what

had taken place and they were much sur-
prised So quietly had Halk's arrest been
effected, although thie was Just the reverse
of whatt officers had hoped for, that only

in the

fo enter

those immediately concerned knew of it
When the hearing ended Internal Revenue
Inspector Thompson gaye out the following
statement in regard to the matter

“The arrest js but the beginning of a war
we have started against many brokers againat
whom we have evidence. Halk was taken
firat simply because of the violators we are
about to move against he was the most fiage-
rrests will follow at any time

rant. More
rave evidence against alinost

now, as we
forty brokers

“When Congress first
brokers regarded it lightly and several made
boaste that they would not comply with
it. We heard of this and I wrote a long let-
ter of warning to the officers of the Consoli-
dated Fxchange which wae read to all the
members on the floor, 1 watched the mat-
ter closely and found that this warning had
but little effect

persed the act many
a

Certain of the brokers went
on in the same manner they had followed
before the passage of the act. Others would
affix stamps in about one in a dozen cases
Then | summoned seventy brokers. whose
stamping of memorandum of sales I knew
to be irregular to my office. 1 explained
to them aif that we were fully aware of the
flagrant manner In which thev were violat-
ing the law. They admitted their guilt and
1 allowed them to compromise by payment
of certain suis. At that time we warne
these tradere that the first time we founc
them violating the stamp law thereafter
we would show them no meroy

“Wehave since ascertained that this warning
only served to organize these brokers eo tha
they could assist each other in ovading the
law. In some coses they gave up making
out memoranda aitogether, while in others
they made records of sales over the telephone
To catch these offenders we secured the as-
siatance of several members of the Exchange,
who we knew were complying with the law,
as well as several messenger boys and tele-
phone operators employed there, and in this
way we obtained enough evidence to warrant
making arrests at once

“As for Halk, he ia one of the largest traders
on the Consolidated Exchange and also the
niost fiagrant violator. His arrest was made
at the Exchange simply to give intimation to
the other suspects of our intentions to prose-
cute. From the books in our possession we
find that on only one of about thirty memo-
randa did Halk affix the required revenue
atamps. The penalty provided by law calis
fora fine of #1,00orsix months’ linprisonment
for each failure to affix stamps.”

Joseph Halk, who i# 42 years old, has been
a member of the Consolidated Exchange for
His average transactions are

He is a member
hia office ia in the
He lives

fifteen vears.
about 1,000 shares a day
of the Liederkranz, and
Coneolidated Exchange bullding.

at the Hotel St. Andrew

 

 

TO INVESTIGATE BOOZ HAZING.

 

Representative Driggs Introduces a Resolution
in the House of Represensatives.

WassIncton, Dec. 6 Representative
Drigas of New York to-day introduced a
resolution providing for the investigation
by the Secretary of War of “hazing” at West
Point, especially the “hazing” of Oscar L.
Booz, who died recently, it is alleged, from
the effects of injuries so received

PHILADBLPAIA, Dec. 6. William H. Boos
father of Oecar I.. Booz, the former West
Point cadet who died at his home tn Bristol
yesterday of consumption of the throat, said by
members of his family to have been caused
by injuries received while being hazed by

the cadets two years ago, thinks that the
hazing wae due not to a dislike of his son
personally. Mr. Booz said to-day

“Osear went to West Point to study. He
was no boxer, and did not think it necessary
to be a pugilist in order to maintain his po-
sition in the echool. The atatament. that
he was a coward is disproved by thegforti-
tude with which he bore his eufferings and
the determination with which he refused to
of those who par-

give the names of an
sport of which he

ticipated in the bruta
was nade the subject.”

Dr_ 3. Solis Cohen said there were evidences
of injury to the young man's throat which
caused by swallowing

might have been
or unwillingly Mquid like

either willingly
tabasco sauce.
“I was told by his aleter when I examined
him that he had been haved and thet they
had given him tahasoo sauce, but at no time
did he intimate that to me. J think I told
her at the time she told me about the haging
that that could not have caused tuberculosis
and that her brother was a hopeless case.”

 

WANTS HONORARY NOMINATION

 

As Jersey Senator, Say Friends of ex-fenator
James Smith - Back itn Politice?

It was reported in Jersey City yesterday
that former United States Senator James
Smith of Newark had made overtures to the

Hudson county legislators to secure the
complimentary nomination of Senator to
succeed Wiliam J Sewell, who will be re
elected by the Republican inajority In the
Legislature Mr Smith said some time ago
that he was out of politics, but hia friends
say he now wanta to get back obert Davis,
the Democratic lea. er in Hudson county
aspires to be State leader and |:

to give Mr Smith any eid In
oiftical aspirations onsequentiy the eleven
Judson Assemblrmen and one State Senator
are opposed to giving Mr,
plimentary nomination he
comprisefa majority of the
ity

not disposed
urthering his
e

mith the com-
Hudeon men
emocratic minor-

J. Pierpoot Morgan, Jr., to Sail To-day.

J Pierpont Morgan, Jr. leaves for Europe

to-day on the Teutonic, accompanied by his
nephew, Junius Spencer Morgan

    

   

ANTIQVE
FURNITURE

OF RARE MERIT.

Rare Old Portraits.
Modern Paintings.
Spanish Water-Colors.

An Artist's Collection ia aa Artistic

Settiag.

    
   

    
     
    

H. DEARBORN GARDINER
422 Fourth Ave. 50 E. 29th St.

    

 

VIN MARIANI

World Famous Mariani Tonic

It isfound especially useful in Ner-
vous Troubles, Dyspepsia, Malaria, Con-
| sumption, Overwork, Indigestion, La
| Srigre, Nervous Prostration, General
Debility, Tardy Convalescence and
Throat and Lung Troubles.

All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes

Ree -

 

      

| Have you noticed the large number of jewel robheries lately? One of our
special steel house Safes is an effective preventive, Call and see theny

Prices right.

Hall’s Safes.

| Vour old sate exchanged. ~= KINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON,
for a Modern ‘‘Hall.’’ GENERAL AGENTS,
|

Second Hand Safes for sale. 393 BROADWAY, N. Y.

Safe moving and repairing. TEL. 307 FRANKLIN.

 

| NATIONAL SUFFRAGE FAIR.

Tiffany & Co.
Diamond and Precious
Stone Jewelry

Grand Prix, Paris Exposition, 1900

Tiffany & Co. have been fos
many years the largest dealerg
in diamonds and precious stones
in the United States, and their
trade now exceeds that of any
similar house in the world,
Their connections in many dif«
ferent countries and their facilis
ties for securing the choicest

ems from first hands enable
them to maintain the most coms
prehensive stock, and to offer
patrons many other advantages
not obtainable elsewhere. Their
workshops are under the im-
mediate management of the firm,
and every piece of jewelry, be-
fore leaving the shop, must pass
critical test and examination for
assurance that it is worthy ta
bear the stamp of the house.

Tiffany & Co.

UNION SQUARE
NEW YORK.

Gifts
Glassware

in gteat vaticty and beaoty,
and withal at a
fait price, are shown at

C, DORFLINGER & SONS
915 Broadway and 36 Murray St., N.Y.

NOVEL BAZAAR IN MADISON SQUARB
GARDEN CONCERT HALL.

‘The Entertainment Is Under the Direction of
the National American Woman Soffrage
League —Character Reading An Attraction,

The National Suffrage baraar, which is going
on in the concert hall of the Madison Square
Garden under the auspices of the National
American Woman Suffrage Association, was
devoted yeaterday afternoon to phrenological
demonstrations upon the heads of two mem-
bers of the association and in the evening to
a procession that was intended to give an
allegorical presentation of the surrender of
the fighting men of the earth's peoples to the
spirit of liberty and peace. Owing to the
inclemency of the weather and the difficulty
of making a procession of persons who did
not understand English know what they were
doing, and the lack of general head to the
procession the planned surrender of arms
did not take place. But the procession
marched around the hall seven times and
Jiberty in the person of Mrs. Alvah H. Hal-
stead reviewed the marchers

The phrenological demonstration in the
afternoon was made by Prof. Jessie A Fowler
Mrs Carrie Chapman Catt, the chairman of
the Central Committee of the Woman Suf-
frage organization, was the first eubject of
Prof. Fowler's powers. The examination
diaclosed nothing new about Mrs. Catt’s
character, although it confirmed many pre-
vious impressions people have had about
her. For instance Prof. Fowler discovered
that Mrs Catt's most remarkable character-
istic was executive abiity. Mrs, Catt, it
also appeared would have seemed ahead
of her time in any age into which she might
bave been born, she was so remarkably pro-
gressive.

She had the head of a great reasoner on
questions, Prof. Fowler discovered, and
was a moving public speaker. She was one

bound to shine in any movement, but par-
ticularly in any movement in which she was

a pioneer
Nirs. Priscilla 1)

   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
  
  
  
  
    
 
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  

great

Hactstaff, who is the
Treasurer of the Central Committee, was the
next oné to submit to an ex@inination Prof.
Fowler said that agwressive energy was Mrs
Hackstaf’s most prominent characteristic.
“If your husband f a lazy man,” she said,
“he is a very unfortunate individual because
you are likely to build a fire under his chair
to wake him up “ 3

The pleasure of the afternoon's entertains
ment was marred by the lamentations of @
sinall colored girl about 4 years old, who
trotted about the floor and wailed with no
uncertain voice that she wanted her erand-
mother. She was a comical little thing and
was more provocative of laughter than syin-
pathy for @ lew minutes. But her tones
grew more insistent and a circle of young
and old women gathered around her ana
wanted to know what the trouble was

‘T've lost my gra-@-aand-ma,” eald the
baby

Volunteers were at once sent out ainon
the booths to look for an otderly colore
woman They came back empty handed

“Whet is your grandmother's name, litle
girl?” asked one of the volunteer comuittee

the young one announced solemnly: “My
grandmother's name ts Elizabeth B. Grannis

Mre. Grannis was at once sent for and ex-

bited the infant with great pride as one
that she bad adopted and had named Chris-
tlan League of Purity Grannis. The infant
spent a good part of the evening in hanging
over the balcony railing and hurling remarks
at white children that appeared on the floor
below. Miss ©. J.. of P Grannis was one of
the prominent figures in the peace and liberty
procession, There were a number of Japan-
ese and Chinese and other Oriental peoples
in the parade which was headed by a country-
man who pushed a plough before him through
the alsies of the fair.

One of the booths of the fair that attracted
a great deal of attention was that of the
State of Kansas. The sunflower State sent
two young women fo the fair with two car-
loads of Kaneas hard wheat flour. The prod-
uce of the State and samples of the flourare
piled high about the sides of the booth and
vrovident matrons were observed to be buy:
(oe the flour by the barrel yesterday. The

ansas Millers’ Association alone contri-
buted 350 barrels of flour. There are also
a lot of loaves of bread prepared freghly
every day from the Kansas flour is
afternoon there will bea musical programme

 

     
        
     

    

Dr. Lyon’s

Tooth Powder

Tined bv people of refinemen’

7 \

for over a quaiter of a century.

   

years there were few cases, but in 180% there
were #64. The only break of consequence
fn the series was in i504, when there were
770 cas Counting from 1804 this is a sixth

at the fair. Madam Alice Ceresefo will play
the violln and Biss Charlotte Hulley will sin, year ag ea
d in the evening there w songs bY _—-
William Earle Van Buren, Mme. Abbie Kried- Stock Exchange Employees Must Get VWac-
enberg, and plano solos by Mme. Marle cinated.

Merrick.

 

The employees of the Stock Exchange
and the employees of various brokerage
concerns whose duty it {s to take charge at
the Exchange of their firm's telephones were
all notified by Supt Dillon of the exchamee
yesterday that they must be vaccinated at
once by their own physician or submit to-day
to vaccination at the Exchange by phveictans
ef the Board of Health There are more than
three hundred persons affected by the order.

WHOLESALE VACCINATION.

 

Forty-twe Cases Altogether of Smallpox So
Far and One Death.

The Health Board vaccinators kept at work
yesterday until the supply of virus on hand
was nearly exhausted Physicians who
applied for vaccine in vials were referred
to wholesale drug houses The Health De-
partment had already sold enough to vaccinate
15.900 or 20,000 people, and its doctors have ric
cinated about 6,000 people themaelves” Health
Commissioner Cosby caine around andtold Dr
Blauvelt, head of the Contagious Disease
Bureau, to notify his men that they must
expect to work ni@bt as well as day if neces-
eary and would lose their jobs if they ob-
Jected,

Most of the vaccinatora were bury yeater-
day on the upper West Side. Several were
sent around throug@i: the residential dietrict
around Weet Seventy-second street to fol-
low up the case of the son of Edmund Nash
of 222 West Seventy-second street They
alao went to Public School 4 at Amsterdam
avenue and Sisty eighth street and vacci-
nated nearly one bundred of the pupile’ The
sohool was pot closed

‘aroline andon of 101 West End avenue
and Lizzie O'Leary, a dressmaker. of 201 West
End avenue, were removed yesterday, auffering
fromsmallpox There are several cases unde
observation. Mary Holmes, who was ramorea
to North Brother Island from 285 West Seventy-
sixth street, has died there. It is the first
densth in forty-two canes.

Vaccinations at the bureau in the Health
Department at Fifty-fifth street and Sixth
avenue have averaged about three “hundred
a day since Thanksgiving Day. Those who
came at first were nearly all residents of the
infected district, but on Monday and yeater-
day people came from all over the city A
number of them were employed in hotels,
on railroads, on steamship lines, in stores
or in places where a lot of men or women

thrown together in their work. The
octors used@ordinary sewin eedles to
ecratch the ekin on the arma of the patienta,
and the virus was applied with no more im-
portant an article than a toothpick, afresy
needie and @ fresh toothpick being used on
each case

While a Sun reporter was in the bureau

@ tal] young man who appeared to be very

 

Police Watch for Disease in Lodging Houses.

A general order was read in all the police
stations last night instructing policemen to
be on the watch for any cases of disease in
the lodging houses

EIGHT KILLED,

Freight Train Crashes Into a York Train on
the Southern Pacific.

Baw Francisco, Dec 4--During a heavy
fog this morning a westbound freight train
on‘the South@rn Pacific erashed inte a work
train of five cara and an engine. near Suteun,
Cal, killing eight workmen and inturing
twenty. The disaster was due to the care.
lessnens of the conductor of the work train,
who knew the freight train was due, hut cone
tinued to back his train Upon the main trae,

 

 

TWENTY INJURED.

 

  

Pan-American Banners Over Broadway.
The Mayor has approved the ordinance

permitting the Pan-American Fxepesition to
string banners across Broadway

Se
DON’T NEED REST.

Starved Nerves Need Food.

A food that will naturally stimulate and
nourish a man so weak that be cannot fead
himself, must have intrinale merit and be
worthy the attention of any person with a
weak stomach S I) Horine of Grinnel),
Towa, writes) “Ry pure food seems to m»
the true way to get wel After a long time
at one of the best equipped sanitariume
without benefit, IT was put under a farn
doctor who said that J did not need rest «>
much as [ needed rich pure blood, nade fror

vine

   
   

healthy was being vaccinated. He sud- | pure food, and 1 was put on Grape-Nu's
deniy compseined OF faintness One of the “At that time I had to be lifted from mr
a
sectors, neon me the man flat on his bed like a baby his was only a few weeka
“That's nothing to be ashamed of,” eald | ago. Now Eocan walk, read, write, and per
the doctor “IT have seen big policemen | form little tasks To have‘) f
keel right over at the sight of blood The |] reco strength, by any on a3
vaccination affects the heart a littl and|{ I have » a most wonderful pr oss
some of the @trongest men can't look at | Grape-Nu'ts feod It leads me tot know
blood.” edge that nervous prostration is
br. Blauvelt said last night that he had | nerve starvation rhe herves are

 

trated because they ary
man does not need re«et
To be sure the f

been g@reatiy bothered by people who get
him on the telephone One woman aaked
him to look over a couple of servants she

starved A starved
t he needs food

hed nerves are forced

 

 
 

 

 

had just emnpiered. a8 she was afraid they | to rest, but rest « t restore them TT}
might have smallpox Aman sent a basket | can binid up on food alone With my
of clothes to the Health Department yesterday | meal of Grape-N: food T was too w ’
witha noteasking that the clothes be “haked feed myself, but after part wot the f

br Roger 8S. Tracy of the Bureau of Vital | a hopeful spirit, almost amounting
Statistics hunted up some of his records yes- | ancy, possessed me
terday and discovered what he regarded can aecount for the «per om '

as a curious series of pertedte outbreaka | food onnoother eround than thacat isso.
th

of smallpox. Every six year sinoe 1874, | digested that only a lttie tine and rere
according to Dr. Tracy, there has been an | required to prepare if for the blood
outbreak of the disease. In 1875 there were | ordinary food requires <0 9 force t
4,307 cases. In 1876 and 1877 the number | gest it that it exlansts wats reneth a we
dirninished, until in 1878 there were only five. | man has and leaves the food wodigeste
In 1881 the number jumped up to 1,398. In | ready for decomposition, and changes w
1a82 there were only 702 cases, in 1883 only | should be good food into a veritable polse

24 and in 1884 only five

n In_ 1887, the gixth
year again, there were 343.

Basy digestion and rapid aesiniiation ma.
In the next five fi

Grape-Nuts the ideal food for any on@*—Ad

$<

Le

eae we o>

ae