ee owe :

10 REORGANIZE THE ARMY, |

nee nerorrep to He Hot SF ARO
ISHS CANTERS

wu hetlinte for Secretary Hoot's Pien for Filling

 

Varanctes How Stall tice Shall He
detected Hank of Lee, Wilson, Shatter,
WaemisaTox, Tee 4 the Army Reorgant-

on bill was reported by the House Committes

Military Affaire to-day with many changes

'

 

’

or

from the draft as reported by the War Depart.
ment Provision i nade for the apport nt
of Gen. Fitzhugh Lee and Gen Janes Wilson
of Delaware as Hrigadier Generate, and Gen

Shafter as a Major-General, of the Megular

Arnis

 

The chief of artillery is to be enti led Tis peo.
tor and attac to the staff of the General
commanding the atinny The provision retiring

the artillery chief as Rrigadier-General satrick-
officers is

en out The increase in artillery
made proportionate to Che increase in mens
the rank of Adjutant-General ix limited to

Brigadier-General after the retirement of the
present incumbents, appointments of
Majors in the dudge Advocate General's office
may be filled by appointment from officers
holding commissions as didge Advocate of
Volunteers since April 2! to Captain in
the Quartermaster’s Departme
of Volunteers commissioned since April at,
1808, and to Captain in Ut Subsistence Depart-
ment, from Volunteer oMlcers commissiot ed
since April 21, 1808

Phe Surgeon-General of the @ toy is authors
{zed to appoint emergency contract surgeons
atgiso a month The age limit for appoint-
meat of additional Paymasters is abolighed, and
Captains tnay be appointed from Volunteer
officers serving since April l, 1808, a! d vacancies
in the Signal Corps may be filed in the same

the

Isu7

  

 

 

manner

Secretary Root'’s plan for filling vacancies
iu the bureaus by detail from the line ts stricken
out and the following section inserted

That whenever there shall occur a vacancy,
which cannot be filed by promotion or appotnt-
ment under the provisions of preceding sections
of this act, in offices of the grades of Lieutenant-
Colone) and Major in the Adjutant-General’a
and Inspector-General’s departments, Captain
in the Quartermaster’s,
departinents, and of First Lieutenant in the
Ordnance Department and the Signal Corps,
such vacancy shall not be tilled by a permanent
appointment, but shall be tilled by the detail,
by theSecretary of War after con)peutive ezam-~

ination, as hereinafter provided, of an officer |

of the line, who shall serve for the period of
four years tinless sooner relieved, and shall not
again be eligible for detail in any staff corps
or department tint he hall have rendered ac-
tual service for two years with troops of the
arin in which he ty coutnissioned.”

Any offfeer detailed for staf! duty under
the provisions of this section shall be selected
from: the grade corresponding to, oF from

the grade pest below, that to whieh the detail
is to be made, and shall have the rank, puy

and allowances of the grade to W hich de-
tailed No detail for staf duty as) heretn
provided stall le on ade in the case of any

officer until he has actually served with troops
for at least four years, if his rank is above
that of a Second Lieutenant, and for at least
two years if he is a Second Lieutenant, and
no such detail shall be made in the case o
any officer until he shall have passed a satis-
factory competitive examination by an ex-
amining board composed of taree ofteers,
of whom one may be a line officer and two
shall be permanent or detailed ofleers of
the department or corps in whieh the detail

 

is to be made, said examination to be con.
ducted under regulations to be prescribed
by the President, and to be announced in

General Orders to the army.
kxamining boards, to be constituted ns

herein preseribed, for the various depart-
ments and corps in which details are to be
made, shall be convened by the Seeretary
of War at such times and places as the ex-
igenciea of the service may require, and said
boards shall examine and report Spon. as
far as practicable, all line offleers who may
be applicants for details to stall duty, and
who shall have been recommended by their
commanding officers for such details. A
eeparate list of © Ticers reported on favorably
bv such examining boards sf ill be kept for
each department or corps in which details
are to be made, the officers on said list to be
arranged in accordance with the ratings
given them by the examining beards and
to be detailed for duty in the department
or corps to which the list pertains, in the
order of their standing upon said list, be-
ginning with the leers having the highest
rating, but no officer shall remain eligible
for detai! for more than two \vears unless
he shall again successfully pass the examina
tion herein before prescribed
Provided, that nothing In this act st
ao construed as to require the detay for
duty of any offlcer whe, in the jude:
the Secretary of War is mentally, mora
or physically unfit for sneh detail
That whenever there shall occur a caeaney,
provitions
the pr
ape

ole.

 

ill be
taff

  

which cannot be filled under the
of preceding seetions of this act by
motion of officers holding permanent
pointmenta, in oMees of the grade of ¢
nel in the Adjnutant-General’s and Inapector-
(ieneral’s departments, of Major in. the
Quartermasters and Subsistence  depart-
ments, of Major in the Pay Department,
after the number of payinastera of that
grade shall have been reduced below nine,
and of Captain in the Ordnance Department
Signal Corps, such vacancy shall

 

 

and the
he filled by the appointment of an officer to
be selected from among those who have

served by detail, under oan eee of this
act, in the nest lower grade in the depart-
ment or corps in which the vacaney occurs

The canteen is abolished by the follow-
ing section:
hat no officer or private soldier shall

sell intoxicating drinks of any kind, as a
hartender or otherwise, in any army post,
oron any army transport, or in any encamp-
ment, or fort, or on any. premises used for
military purposes by the United States
and the Secretary of War is hereby direct
to iasiie such general order as ray be ne

 

essary to carry the provisions ot this sec-
tion into full force and effect
The bill further provides that no oMecer

of the army shall be deprived of his commis.
tion by this bill
Chairman Hnll,
unanimous consent
the Army Reorganization
to-morrow. objection beng made by Mr
Kulzer, introduced a resolution fer a
rule to make it the business before the Honse
to-morrow after the reading of the journal
The resolution provides that there shall be
three hours of @eneral debate and then the

after falling to secure
for the consideration of
bill in tie House

 

 

  

 

 

hill be considered under the five-minute
rule until it shall have been disposed of
A meeting of the Committee on Rules « il

he held to-morrow morning to act on the reso-
lution

CONGRESS,

BROCEEDINGS OF

 

Senator Frye Speake for Two Hours on the
Ship Sobsidy [5t'1,
WasmincTos, Dec. 4— The Senate got to work
this morning as coolly as if the session had been
running for weeks, instead of tor one day rhe
floral exhibition was closed, only a few desks

 

 

 

 

 

Subsistence, and Pay |

|

 

| of the bill, Mr

'
| for the bill, whieh was ordered printed — It
\

at, from oMfecers

| by

 

to the eseluctog of the Uplted tates last
year, between Europe and the United Staten
the exports and tmporte cattiod under the
Atuerioan flag were only 2') per cen and
between the | nited States and the world |
per cent laet year the United States had
| yela to foreian hations, principally Creat
iritain and Germany, 00,000 in mold every
lay for doing ite carrying business ile
, fatied to eee how any Senator could be blind
to the danwer of that) condition
| lhe aubeidy which Germany was now pa

| ing was 26 percent bigher than that pronased
for Amerioan ships onder the pending tal
Aa ty f) crittotam that the pending tl
allowed jarger subsidies than the braitel

hips received, Mr Frve dented that such was
the fact and instanced the ooae of the Pont

Silarand Oriental Line, which recelved fron
the Englich Government $1,000,227 a year,
whereas an American line, under the pend

| ing bill, would receive only $1,140,501, of half

 

4 tiilion leas than the Enallah ine
After occupying two hours in explanation
Frye said he would postpone
his closing reriatks till to-tiorro®
Mr Vest (dem, Mo) offered a eubstitute

uthborizes the purchase of foreian-tullt shins
yY citizens of the United States for
the foreign carrying trade, and repeals oil

tse oith

existing laws that prohibit or resttiet suck
burchase and use
The Senate went Into executive
and at @40'clock adjourned until to-morrow
HOUSE PROCERIUNGS

Speaker Henderson announced the following
irk tor eppoutwents: Mr Hanulton (Rep
M

session

ch.) to the Committee on Tnsular Affairs

r. Overstreet (Rep, Ind) to be chairman of
the Comunittee on Expenditures in the Depart.
ment of Justice: Messrs Davis (Dem, Fla)
and McDermott (Dem. No do) to the Commie
tee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries

Cnder call of committees the following bilis
Bere passed: Hlouse bill to prevent the fallure
of inflitary justice, by making it a misdemeanor
for a civilian witness before a military court to
refuse to testify, and to authorize a court-

martial, in fixing the punishment of an
officer or enlisted ian convieted — of
embezelement, to make it inelude fine,
imprisonment or any other punishment,

House bill authorizing the President to
Getall, in addition to those now authorized
by law, active or retired officers of the arniy
of navy to aasiet in nulitary instruction ihechools
in the United States, where such instruction
shall have been authorized by the educational
authorities thereof, and where the services o
auch {natructors shall have been applied for
by said authorities

Bhi

 

NATIONAL W. €. T. U.

Work of the Young Women's Branch Resolu-
tions Adopted.

WaSHINGTON, D C, Dev. 4--At the second
day's session of the National Women’s Chris-
than Temperance Union Convention reports
were read from the “¥," or Young Women's
Branch, and the Loyal Temperance Legion
Branch. In presenting the report of the de-
partmeut of peace and arbitration Mrs Bailey
stated that not less than 150 disputes between

! nations in the past century had been settled

arbitration. The department opposes
military drill in schools and colleges, capital

punishinent, prize fahting, Ivnehings and
suppiving children with toy firearms
Resolutions were adopted, asking the
President of the United States to extend to
the Philippine Islends by Executive order,
or through the Philippine Commission, the

fill prohibition now in force in Indian Terri-
tory, or at jeast the prohibition for native
races now in effect in Alaska, with an addi-
tional anti-saloon amendment for whites
that Congress be requested to enact these
measures info parmanent law and to reenact
the nullifled Anti-Canteen law

Resolutions were also adopted to send pe-
titions to the principal nations of the world,
favoring an international treaty, forbidding
the sale of intoxicants. opium and firearms

in all istinds and other regions inhabited
chiefly by aboriginal tribes and races
At the afternoon session reports were

presented by the departments of State and

county fairs, flowers, missions and purity
in literature and art) The evening session
was controlled by the “Y" branch, the exer-

cises being conducted under ifs auspices

RAILROAD SWINDLERS JAITED.

 

They Thrived by Selling Passes They Secured
by Means of Forgery.

George H~ Daniels, general passenger
agent of the New York Central Railroad,
has seut out copies of the report of F. ¢
Donald, commissioner for the Central Pas-
seuger Association at Chicago, on the arrest
and conviction at Chicago of two of the most
expert railroad swindlers in the United States
The men are [) N. Van Sickel, alias Gilbert
EK. Meirs, and John H. Jones. Thev were
arrested on Oct) 26 on the charge of forging
A pass over the Norfolk & Western Railroad,
and the Grand Jury of Cook county found
five indictments for other crimes against
them. They were arraigned before Judge
Tuley on Nov 27, pleaded guilty te the charee
on which ther were arrested and were
tenced to an indefinite term in Joliet Peni-
tentiary

Their plan of operation was to obtain passes

Selie

from the railroads and thea sell them to
ticket scalpers. To obtain some of the passes
they would present a forged letter from an

 

road to an offleial of another,

mass for the bearer) Prom
they would forge others In
had fac simile letterheads and
the general superintendents of
many of the leading railroads of tt niry,
as well as rubber stamp signatures of many
railroad officials. They got ont of one scalper
in Chicago @210 for bovus pusses

Mr. Daniels says that if there were no
scalpers such frauds would be impossible

 

oficial of one
t testing a
these passes
their kit they
envelopes of

  

   

 

 

 

SHOT HIMSELF AT GRANT UTNION,

George E. Maltby, a Collector for a Gas Com-
panv, Attempts Suicide.

A man who reglatered at the Grand Union
Hotel Monday nigh! as George i. Maltby
Jr, of Omaha attempted su cid: ina bathroom
of the hotel at 1 o’cloek this morning by shoot-
ing hinwe'f inthe head. The only person near
him wasofR LL. Chase of 7 Broadway
told the clerk and Policeman tovee of the Fast
Thirty-fifty street ‘lice Station senta
Bellevue Hispital for sn ambulance, The man
wostaken to the hos; ital ina dving condition,
He was placed in the prison ward and itis not
thoueht that be will ive over a few hours

 

on

Chase

call to

 

   

THE SUN, WEDNE
BOYS THE CORESPONDENTS, |

 

SATVATION ARWY HAZAAN

Succeestal Opening Vesterday tt te for the

   

 

wnoormiren Strs Wis vorrei | Neneft of the Cherre Tree Mame
wrk for nivonee The Salvation Armee bavaar, orwaniged for
the henefit ef the Cherry Tree Home, wae
Youre Smith and Germeinder Visited Were | copernevel at the Fourteenth «treet barracks
Munfort While t Muchand Wee Away at | ,,, terday afternoon Had weather utterly
School Love Letters Netween the Defend
foiled te dampen the Arroy  enthusiaam
ant and Carespondents Head in Court although i prevented Mere Direwell Same ftom
Iwo bow correspondent tearful and | presidfog at the formal opening of the bazaar
pretty aiel wife vod a hehand, a countey } aa she bad intended te doo Consul Mooth
hoolteneher, fen ears her senior, were Tucker read a letter from Mra Sage, express
the principal aetore in the it for divorce ing regret at the non-fallliment of her prom
broueht bs Prank bh Monfort, principal | tse aod ber keen svinpathy with the work of
of the Bas Sided. 2, potable hook the pro which the baveor is a part
coodings nh whieh ere bear saterday Consul Booth Tucker, who shows in face

before Justices Garreteon in the Supreme — and voiee the «train of the tremendous volume
Courtat Long Ishind City, and Insted throuah- | of work passing through her hands at) this
out the dav The case went to the furv oat | season, made a short addresa in which she
£0 o'clock and a sealed verdict will be hand- | etplained the purpose of the bazaar The
ed up this morning The case has attracted | Cherry Tree Home at Rutherford, No, has

long been too small to fill the Army's needa,
and it has been inpossible to aecommodate
there half the children for whom the Anny
has Wished to furnish a home The Consul
conceived the idea of a Prairie Home for city
children, and with the usual Salvation Army
eptinolam, so often justified in the past, work
wis ateonce begun upon a children’s home,
located in the Salvation Army colony at Fort
Amity, Col The foundation of the two-and-
a-hali-story frame bullaing is already laid,
and the workers nope to have a home tor
fifty children ready by next spring

The Army colony in Colorado, planned
and organized by Booth-Tucker, is succeed-
ing beyond his hopes The climate is ideal,
the ground is fertile, and there is room and
work and health for thousands of city

considerable potice in Queens borough and
the court room was Mlled witha curious crowd
of apectators

Mrs. Frank Anderson of Bay Side wes the
first witness called. She testified that from
the windows of her house she lad often seen
Chatles Germetnuder, the boy core.
spondents, enter the Monfort house after Mr
Monfort had gone to school, Mra. Anderson
testified that Germeluder was seldom a vis
tor at the house when Monfort was at home.
The witness said that she had seen Mrs. Mon-
fort and Germeinder together in a hammock
in the ward, and that during Gerineinder’s

 

one ot

¥ . dwarfed met and women there No better

visits Mrs. Monfort was alone in the house place could be selected for children's homes
with hun, as the Monforte did not keep any | and $6,000 is needed to start ft, A part o
house servants at the time. Frank G,. Haak, the monev has been lonned, so that there
be no delay in carrying on the work

A carpenter of Bay Side,testified that he had

often seen Mrs. Monfort and Germeinder

together while he was at work on a building

in the vicinity of the scloolmaster’s house,

and that he had seen them together in the

hammock Miss Daisy Jolinston, assistant from canned pickles to winter cloaks is on
”

, } on A s sa.
Postmaster of Bay Side, testified that she had The opening day of the bazaar also marked

rented a private letter box to Mrs. Monfort, | the opening of the Salvation Army Tndusirial
which is on Thirteenth

The rest of the money will be obtained by
the usual Artay methods, and, for much of
it, the Army workers are relying upon the

dar
Wemorial Hall is attractively decorated
and filled with booths, in whioh evervthing

although Mr, Monfort already had one for some ie, Face, the barracks It is de
, street, just back of the barr. » (de
their use Mrs. Monfort tuld Miss Johnston signed 1uMurther the work of the East Pit.

teenth Street Refuge Home, and provides
an attractive home for about twenty eifis,
who will be trained in the higher branches
of domestic work, bookbinding, dresamak-
ing, tailoring and so on, and for whorn places
will be found as svon @ the girls are vom.
petent to fll them

Mrs Sage and Miss Helen
Promised to Visit the bazaar
possibly make short addresses

that she wanted to receive her brother Ira‘s
mail in the private box as he and ber husband
had fallen out, and she wanted to correspond
privately with hitn

After several other witnesses had been
examined Lawyer Rounds, for the plaintiff,
read a letter allexed to have been written
by Mra. Monfort to Edward De F, Sinith,
one of the correspondents, When Smith
discovered that the letter was to be read in
court he blushed and became very nervous,
Mrs) Monfort, however, remained unper-
turbed. The Jetter, which was referred to
us the “dreai letter,” was as follows;

Bay Sipe, L. 1, April 16, 1900
“My Drak Eppie: I wonder if you were

Gould have
to-day and

 

 

WINTER CYCLONE PASSES.

 

92-Mile East Wind Shifts to a 68-Mille North-
wester 1.36 Inches of Rain.

A modest little cyclone that might have

thinking of me last night. I don't suppose | blushed at the lofty meteorological desig-
you wore, owever, | had quite an ex- | nation was unwound from its vapory swad-
penance wrth ae ta Tully arcane gant, teens dies the other day in the Gulf of Mexico
At a . ror “ {
miCh 2 DOS PMLOE AO ve sb Ns So awe It grew with a rapidity that is unusual with

me think of writing to you and answering
your kind letter and to send you @ ‘thank’
for the same, Now for the dream. We
were in a trolley car in some place— with
inamma and Ira and when we got off you

circumambient
howler,
lassoes

infants of the
wild southwestern
its belt and

December
air and was u
with shooting irons in
whirling when it got up to this neighorhood

said: ‘Walk with me,’ which | did, of course,

and we all went to a lovely big hotise When yesterday morning It blew in) most un
we got inside you said, “Now we can lose | becoming fashion for a December cyclone,
them,’ and we hurried from one room to | 1P yas really contrary to all the cyclooic
another and upstairs You laid your head laws, as expresaad in the namical verse

covered your face with your

on my arm anc Y
handgand. commenced to ery 1 said: ‘Kd, June, too soon
we had better take a walk out of doors,’ and July, etand by

September, remember
August, look out you must
Getuber, all over

up in his lofty tower, noted

I put my arm around your neck. I|_ecan't
remember what happened next, but I was

writing you a letter and I had very hard work : .
Observer Emery,

 

 

 

to keep it from bem seen. Finally, we

were in the hall alone and I gave you the | that the blast waa from the east when it was

letter and you gave me (shall T tell vou% fiercest at 350 P OM There was a lot of

a kiss! Then mamma appeared and as we rain mixed with it and ait dashed along at
the rate of seventy-two miles an hour It

were getting rather loving she broke us up
and while she was giving us 4 lecture we were
winking at each other But [ can't remetmne
ber any more until | was dressing to take a
walk with vou and | was telling you how I |
dreamed a man was choking me and 1 could
feel his (ingers at my throat) Now, Ed, I
suppose you will have a good laugh at my
expense, but T thought it might (7) interest
If vou answer this, wait

waa easteriy all day and the low-lving clouds
that rushed pust one’s head like the stuoke
from a heavy battery made the gale appear
at times to be swifter than it reaily was, al-
though seventy-two miles is respectable for
a winter storm The centre of the disturb-
ence was in this neighborhood at about 6
o'clock last night) [t was blowing great
guns then along the New Fngland coast

 

you just a little bit ; | ‘
you 7 : ted t thwest » ji
Wit dost mec ner Mol tabinewmtier | yok gat tah cetetonney ma heat
short oe and ! Sons - ant your telier te re- | Guarter at a sixty-eight-mile speed = The
ain e ‘ost Mice PAN uC couse 7
thishorrible paper, butit isall there ix around | temperature, which had been | 62 te
t ent at vaunted to write to you before a RS | . ge! ’ ’
1 Vt aid ane © wan + ae ae yo y Perore scrubbed by the watery brushes of d
bok eek , : oe ae Pluvius, became dry and whiter than they

been in Florida with) me. Tam sure we could |
have hud some fun Don't you think so? |
Now Vil ring olf Shall I send vou some
love and a Kiss or two? Your sister,
“HatTtin ”
The letter was admitted in evidence, and
the defence made no attempt to prove that

have been in many a day Belore the sun
shines into the windows of sleepers this morn.
ing the merenry taay wet pretty close to the
freezing point) ‘The clouds dripped 1 46
inches of rain vesterday

 

 

       

 

 

 

      

 
 

     

   

 

 

 

 

Mrs. Menfort had not written it S4VE WORE SENT TO AN ASVIUM,
Mrs. Monfort took the stand in the after. >
t try t he t srl yer.
snaiiie oe ' jd de , , re ee poe ee Husband Accused of Plot to Get Possession
nende lie weet een isite ie
house She testified that they were friends of Her Prospective Property.
of hers at f her husbana She said that Oo Mak enten in wita af 3:
her listen Wiis Very eal is of her and that | Mra \da I Re bertson, ¢ eyes . anes
he had often treated her. brntally. Mrs, | E. Robertson, a mechani of # Powell street,
Monfort’s 1 he r, Mrs onde — ed that Brooklyn, was brought into the Special Term
’ often treate ua Wile cruelly ¥ wreme ‘or . "peter >
id abusive and brutal language of the Supreme Court in Brooklyn yesterday
in her presence morning on a writ of habeas corpus secured
Fdward De PoSn rh, ane pr e< croenons. by her father, Charles Thomas, a retired
ents, testit 1 that he hac often visited the | 4 a “i a es . ava s ani
Monfort home. He said that he was so friendly | ttadesinan living at 1336 Herkimer street,
with Ty ol nh the house that he had been | whe alleged that she had been wrongfully
considered a meriber of the family He said | sent to the insane asylum in Flatbush, where
that all the inuendoes in the correspondence | she had been since Sunday last Justice
between hinieelf and Mrs. Monfort referred | Maddox after hearing the argument of Lawyer
to advice he had given Mrs. Monfort as to the | A.J. Perry directed her train ediate discharge
best course for her to pursue when Monfort | and said the circumstances in the case war-
treate rouinkindl ranted the action of the District Attorney
Charles Germemder, the other corespond- | aud Grand Jury
ent, testified that he had also been very The voung woman's husband is accused
friendly with the Monferts He said that) of laving put up a fob to have her kept in
he had offen gone out with Monfort, and | the asylum asiinsane, and his obiect, as stated
that tt latier had giver m to understand | by Lawver Perry, was to get control of any
that he was always welr eat his home roperty which might be. left her by her
jis Visits, the witness said, were always of ather, who is in a feeble condition The
a merely t t A letter from | accused husband was not represented In

Monfort was then read

 

the court proceedings, but it is understood
that he insists that his wife has really
fnsane

Montort - -

young Sn
to the ju

ry
Mro and Mrs. Montfort: wer

been
married five |

 

 

 

vears ago at Florida, N Vo. where .
yas egobing schol. Ne eee ae COP ACCUSED OF THEFT.
eae , “\ ‘ator : LP, ond te oy Routed Ont of Bed and Locked Up fora Watch
| Side several years ago, when Monfort took Robbery Brother Jailed, Too,

charge of the Bay Side schoo! dine of saa Mareet

Little eould be learned from the hote) people |
jf about Meltby. Three letters we ound in the
man's ockels. One of them wee addreseed to
“Mir<s George Bo Malt! dr. i7 Morton street,"

street

| WORK

|

showing a reminiscence of 5 erdav'’s dis-
5 ies

\ bill to create a Supreme Court for the Philip-
pie Islands, the member thereof to have
P2000 a vear, was introduced by Mr. Stewart
they Nev) and was referred to the Comimit-
ter he Philippine Islands

Ai to repeal the Bankruptey law was in-
treduced by Mr. MeCumber (ep, No. Do
and referred to the Judiciary Committers

A bill ' idmit Oidahema as a State was
introduced Mr. bairbanks (Rep, Indo
and wasreforred

The two Senators Dillingham (Re
\ and Polliver (Re; j were assigned |
to the ft ne «« tims Nlr Dilling- |
ham, To bxainice the Several Branches of the
Civil Service, bre { Bills, ‘Territores,
Transportatic ' ts to hoerd, Addi-
tonal Accommocdat tor the Library of
Congress, Tidian Qepredations Mr Dodlver,
Pacific Railroads, ver ture and Forestry,
Devention and Laber, torerstote nerce:

 

Post OMeces an i
tle Missise pad Rity Its Tributaries

4 bill to encourage the holding of an Inter-
state and Weer Indian exy nin Charles

rapre ent ol

  

tom, SC, in TO, was alse sed Tt ayy
Priates $250.00 und at s ethibite fre
uty

At? P. M.Mr. Fr Me), having left

   
  
  

tie chair as Preside In. moved totake

     

 

 

  

Mis city There was anothertetrer addressed
‘To whom it maveoreern" The third letter
was addr sed to “Thomes Dwyer, toly Cross
Honse, Westminsrer, Md”

Maltby was 26 cecra ald Hewas a collector
for the Consolid:ted Gas Compa vo His wife,
who ‘ives at 17) Morton strem, said lost
neitthat he hed often threatened sueide

if geiting money from his father,
nomerchant ov Washington
lives at 422 Wese Twentieth

ns a means
whois Conse
and woe

 

 

treet

OF A WEIT-KNOWN CHARITY.

| The Cooper Union Labor Bureau Abandoned

Recause of Better Times,

 

 

     

Policeman William B
@treet station was rented out of bed at his
hore, 120 West Tifteenth street, at 7 o'clock
yesterday morning by Detectives Lockwood
and Sheehan of the West Thirtieth
who told bim that he was under ar-

CHIEF CLERK OF BRIDGES GONE.

Hirnes Loses His Job by Sit Weeks’ Absence

Without Leave.
| station

Bridge Commissioner John T. Shea wave | poate on a charge of larceny Mills's brother
notices in vesterday’s Caty Record that Join | Frederick, who was sleeping with him was
Ho Byrnes, ehief clerk in’ his department | also pulied out of bed sad taken slang on a

j s charge of assauli enher o we brothers
had been d issed, his discharwe to date | ae <b at io wake wp enough to fealize what
from Nev because of absenee without > pad happened until the Tenderloin men got
leave. One dev in the middle of Getober ) them down on the sidewalk Then Police.

Byrnes put on his hat and eoat and went out) man Mills and lis brother saowed fight and

   

 

 

 

of his offlee in the Park tow Building. Since | their captors were obliged to send for a patrol
then he las not been back, nor has Com- | wagon

missioner Shea been able to met any trace At the West Thirtieth street station Mills,
of tam Byrnes is a methodical man, Was | the cop, was told that dames Lyneh of twos
always altentive to bis duties, and there 1® ) pase Kiehteenth street accused him of steal-
nothing wrong with his accounts Deputy | ing his 250 wateh, and the other Mills was
Commissioner York satd vesterday that) told that the same complainant accused him

Byrnes was one of the most elicient men in | of assault
the department, and that there was foe come
shaint against hing of any kind Previous to
Vis disappeumance he had been in poor health
ea held tae job as long ag |

KEITER TO SWING THE AXE.

on isstome s
ee nid ie aes and Sent several notices | Will Abolish a Few Jobs in the Charities De-
Pte his heme at 21s West Righty-third street, | partment to Make Ends Meet,
directing him te return te the office and ex- ,
lan bes absence. No reply was) received John W. Keller, Commissioner of Charities,
es apy oof these and the Comnmussioner dee | had a conference with the heads of the de.

) clared Byrnes

The fiftv-seventh annual report of the |
New York Association for Thuproving the
Condition of the Poor, of whir R. Fulton
Cutting is the President, bas ist been jae
sued The report shows that during the
past vear the department of relief has spent
$26,000, the total nnmber of persons bene.
fited being 19,514, rewresenting 4.704 familie
Work was obtained for 146 inen and women
Ih) the sumroer i405 methers and ther ehil-

nowere kept at Sea Breeze, 1 association's
ice at Coney Island, for an average period
fl thirtesr Aanves After five venta’ trial,

 

ssociation decided te abander

'
the
Trion Laber Rurean, largely because of the

 

 

   

    

   

improved business conditions, Sistv thou.
sand dollars t required for the work for
| next vear
Dewey Arch Vanishing Qatckiy,
The vovel of the Dewev Arch will be
| completed within a few days lhe agents
of the Charleston Expositior ive succoeded
in getting mort of the figures o @ columns
down it suc midition teat they em be
red to decorate the exposition grounds
The flaures ot Adnurals whiel surrended
the attie o e structure wil aiso be remove
lt woes found tnpessible to take down the
quadriga i # plece
flie proce = Of thee ber performance
wt 1 Whe given ast Ww t for the Areh
fund are het quite enone ‘hay The expense#
of the cominitiee, wii “neunt to $8,000
efleat Will be toade up by the members
Paecutive Conimitter

up the ship Subsia ih ented “A Rilbte
Promote the Commerce ang Inerense the
Foreign Trace of the Ut States and to
Provide Anxilury spor's and Seamen
for Government The motion was
acreed to, veus s me |
The bill having been taken up Mr. Prvead-
dressed the senat: [he position of the
t nited States, he is A great maritime
Nation, Was hari) bers the power
of expression = W thousands of miles of
BEA Coast, Equipped With tine harbors, with

 

boundless forests, with ironande enough to
supply the whole world, with skilled mechan.
ics, an abundance of capital, with the largest
exports of any country ip the world, the
nited States had permitetd other nation
commerical rivals, to seize the pathways o
the great ocenn and to hold them practically

 

Wants Part of Rice's Portune,
Wastingion, Dec 4 Frederick A
messenger in United S
Bureau, living in this city,

Nice, a
Weather
Will set up a elaim

the tes

 

 

for part of the Thee millions He save he is
half-brother of the dead Texas milienaire
Phe soecntied seeond will be quenthed 50,000
to Frederick AO Rice, and tie Weather Bureau
Inessen@er sars he can establish tus identity

n the Free List -Trust-Made Artictes.

Wasninoton, Dec. 4-4 bill introduced
by Senator Clay of Georgia to-day places

on the free list articles manufactured by
iruets

ts Cooper |

 

 

dismissed for neglect of duty

Byrnes is inarried and has four children
His wite informed Mr. Shea that he had dis-
Appeared from lus home It was satd yer-

partments under him yesterday in his office,

to tell them that expenses must be reduced
j and to find out how best to do it, Each man
| brought with him a lixt of salaries tn his de-

  

 

 

    

 

   

 

terday thot Byrnes's family knew where he
wa thar they « , m hone ¢ } partment and au estimate showing the lowest
was and th pected tim lion ron '
Phe salary of his lost job is 2,000 a vear jjigure fer wineh the werk could be done,
ie et ee | Mr. Keller explained that his salary appro.
} priation for 180) Was $449,316, and if the de-
POISONED NOT DRUNK. artinent were to continue business on the
‘caine wember basis, he would apepe next vear
Prisoner Locked Up for Intoxication Was Dead fild ongnee oie, 3it ” ‘ ica ; Uwe Gercer ia.
ton hee Perec decided on oO abolw
When Thes Eooked Him Up. } nome superfluous jobs. This) will effect
John Fleming of 50 TLalsew street, Newark, ' Bellevue The spital, the Outdoor Poor De~ }
: ; 5 | pertment, Ward's, Randall's and Blackweil's
N J sas found dead yesterday morning |? . ands
ina cell in the West Pwentieth street police | aa =

tation here He had been tound helpless DUKE BUYS ANOTHER DOG.
hi “Peonte street and Eiahtits avenue six _--- =
hours eacher and had been locked up for ine chester Evidently an Admirer of the
Hernient At2 A M the doorman in making Mane art ve T Roston
his rounds found bleming dead Terrter Type.

When Coroner's Physician O'Hanlon made : whe oa sheste a .
in no the body at the morgue, he The Duke of Mancheste r bought another
faa ming died of Paris green poison. | dow yesterday, a mahogany brindle Boston
ine aid at the police station that terrier, fer which le paid $2,000, it is said
tle man was caretully searehed betore ha ) frernoon the Duke’ fo
wa ithe cell and that he had ne poison In the afternoon ae : - s informal luach-
abouth th py ooheimusthavetaken the poron | eon party, to which He had z invited) Joln
~" re hos arrest ; ; Jacob Astor and the Barl of Yarmouth, took

‘ tr worked for a Sixth avenue dry 4 i
i Yo place at the Waldorf-Astoria. Those a
ond icvre way t vant inde, when he lost his ie luncheon were’ Paris Singer Melville

ho The lenves a widow and several children. | yilis and Col. Astor, the Earl of Yarmouth

| failing to appear The Duchess and her
ORITU AR, | father remained at the Holland House be-
cause of the rain’ In the evening the Man-
jue Mev bdwerd Wo Gilman died yestere | chesters dined in ther own apartments and |
dav, after a hnwering ilnes-. at his home } then went to see “Florodora” at the Casino
in bl he, at the uee of years For ome

Pat inty years he head been Secretary . » s
of the American Bible Society andshad ale tonds for New Park Entrance Approved,
was Howrent interest in its work He | Mayor Van Wyek vesterday approved the
w“ Norwieh, Conn Ilis brother

| resolution authorizing the issue of @8,200 of

| bonds for a new entrance to Central Park for
pedestrians and equestrians at Sixty-@ixth

 

( Gilman of Johns Hopkins
L niversiy

David

 

Mills, senior tcember of the firm . is
of Mils & Ferguson, Hoboken, one of ghe | Street and Central Park West.
largest! jton foundry concerns in New Tr ap NE

Old Enough for a Beard.

| X. Barin's Shaving Cream was the first made—
1835, 62 years ago. ‘Ihe best then and alsonow —Ade.

 

es died at his home, 158 Thirteenth street,
Hoboken, on Monday night, after a lingere
ing iliness

 

street)

DAY, DECEMBER 5, 1900.

PARK SIDE AIR FULL OF FUR |

GOT INTO THE COPFRE (Nn sot AND
wink FPP A HERDS

Neighbors After the Wan Whe Started «a Far
' Factors in a Restdential IMtertet On Trial

for Waintaining «a Saleance Favelopes
' Yall of Stray Por ta Confront Him

A eer or more reaidenta of diatrict
about Sinety-ninth street and Central Park |
West appeared in the Court of Special Sessions |
yesterday and testified that owing to a fur
factory operated by Herman 8 Bindaail at 42 |
Weet Ninety ninth street there was entirely
too much fur and teo many offensive smetia
In the atmosphere for their health and com-

| fort Hindseil was tried on the charges of
maintaining a nolaance in violation of section

|
| liv of the Sanitary Code

| The evidence showed that last April Bind-
|

|

the

 

seil began to use @ three-story building at

2 West Ninty-ninth street for cleaning and

dyeing skina and furs The rear of the

building opens upon a quadrangle made up
of apartment houses and private dwellings
| About the middle of April the dwellers in
| the houses looking upen the quadrangie were
| gurprixed to aes the roof and aides of the
| factory decorated with skins of every
' kind known to naturaliatea Their surprise
was succeeded by anger when disagreeable
amella beganto come from the factory, Then
as the «kins dried, the hair began to come
out and with every whisk of the wind @ seud-
ding shower of bear fur, tiger fur, deer fur
and the fur of a score or more other anl-
! mals wild and domestic was scattered in the
| windows of rear apartments. The fur got
into the soup, the coffee and tea and flavored
| the meals and then the tenants decided to
have something done about it,

Charles Sotheran of 26 West Ninety-ninth
street wont to the Health Department, the
Building Department and the Factory De-
partment and asked that action be taken to

bate the nuigance and Health Inspector
falter after an investigation had Bindseil
arrested Among the exhibits produced at

the trial yesterday were two envelopes of loose
hair) One inarkedexhibit 5 contained a bunch
which according to an Aecompanying state-
ment floated into the window of Mr Sotheran'’s
dining room at breakfast one morning in Sep-
tember Exhibit 6 was another bunch of hair
obtained one afternoon tn October

Hindseil produced witnesses who tonpifed
that they lived near the fur factory and ha
ne cause tocomplain The Justices reserved
decision

 

PIRE ASSOCIATION FLOURISHING.

 

Membership Going Up, and the Firemen Say
They're Not Abused.

The first annual meeting of the new Fire
Department Benevolent Association was held
last evening at the quarters of Hook and

Ladder 20 in Mercer street. It was attended
by 200 firemen from all parts of the city
The oMcers were reelected. The Secretary
reported the election of 114 new members,
of whom 100 were Brooklvn firemen, making
the total membership. 1,285

Fireman O'Neil defended the present ad-
ministration of the depariiment. Ho said
that it was a matter of record that in the
last fow months there had been fewer trans.
fers and trials than during any strailar period
in the history of the depariment, and the
assertion that the men were being perse-
euted by being transferred fo companies
away from home and having charges pre-
ferred against them uniustly was unjust
The present administration had granted to
the fremern more time for meals and vacna-
tion than. they had ever enjoyed before
He wanted these facta brought to the atten-
tion of a newspaper which has been criti.
cising the department. A committea was
appointed for that purpose

tt was decided to inetease the death benefit
from $200 'o $500 after January next

  

WANTED

LOCKED UP.

And Was, for Punching a Cop~ Wife's Charge
Against Him Comes Second,

Arthur |) Murray of 1907 Second avenue

went into the Mast loath street station last

night and asked Beret Fitzpatrick to lock
himup The sergeant told him that he would
have to do something to deserve the privi-

 

lege

“Well, UH do something damn = quick,”
eaid Murray, and then he went ont and
punched Policeman Joree on the Jaw He
was brought back smiling and happy and

locked up

Ten minutes later another policeman came
in and said that he wanted Murray for spank.
ing his wife with a strap

“IL fooled her, velled the prisoner
gotacall againstime chead of hers”

“I've

PLAINFIELD ELECTS DR. JENKINS.

He Defeats Col. Mason W. Tyler for Mayor
KRepoblicans Carry Eversthing.

Pramsrivrup, N J, Dee 4-Dr oO L Jen
kins. the Republican candidate for Mayor,
was elected to-day by a plurality ¢f s76 The
Detnocratic candidate was Col Mason W
‘Tvler, who ran ahend of bis tichet) All the
other Repntliean candidates were elected

Mrs. John §.. Stoddard Sacs for Divorce.

Boston, Dec 4- Mary H~ Stoddard
Newton, wife of John 1, Stoddard, the well- /
known lecturer, haa filed a libel for divorce
at East Cambridge The libel represents
that Mr. Stoddard wholly deserted her in
1400 and has continued to do so One child
Vheodore L Stoddard, now 17 ,ears of age,
was the result of the union

of

  

White Earth Lands Open to Settlers,

Croonstos, Minn, Dee 4.—The White
Farth Jands were thrown open here to-day
The total number of filings was 115 and the
applicants numbered 170 The work will
continue to-morrow and a large number of
applications taken before United. States
Commissioner Brown at Bagley will arrive
by mail

 

Maniey Resigns From the State Committee.

Avcusta, Me, Dee 4 -The Kennebec
County Republican Committee met to-day
and accepted the resignation of Joseph H
Monley asa member of the State Committee
The committees adopted resolutions to record
its high appreciation of his services to the
party in the State

 

 

 

| Commiastoner Heas Very Til.

| Police Commissioner Jacob Hess is very til

‘at his home, 6S West Sixty-eighth street tle |
has bad pneumonia, eemplicated by kid-
ney disease, and though it) was said

at the house last night that he had been sitting
up yesterday his condition is said tobe grave

 

  
  

Aa

aerenat

| Needn’t play the game to sport
| the clothes.

| For bicycling, golfing, auto-
'mobiling, tramping, driving or
riding in the country — doing
anything where loose, comfort-
‘able, rough and ready clothes
are wanted, these yoke-back golf
suits in bright fancy mixtures
| are just'the thing.
| Knickers separate.
Everything the outdoor om
| wears, Whether it be clothes,
_shoes, hats or furnishings. |
| So that the remainder of |
‘these ®14 Harris tweed riding |
breeches will gallop out, we
mark them &7.

Correct in every detail.

Roorrs, Peet & Coxrpanry.

258 Broadway. cor. Warren
end 7 and # Warren St.
Broadway, cor. Prince.

iertaisre

 

We All ord
r by mail.

Steinway

Pianos Ideal Gifts
for Christmas.

welcom
more cndtur

What
Piano

more
What

present can vou give than a Steinway
itr momento of the donor?

Stemmwav & Sons.have carned prano- making to its utmost

* perfection as an originals nd creative art

As objects of art Stein-

way Pianos offer value of permanence equal to that of ecramics
or plate and ascompared with paintings are farimore intimate in

association and reseurees of pleasure giving

Indatly usein twenty

roval familiesthey are the ornamentof more than ninety-thousind

American hom

Steinway Pianos, universally imitated but never

reproduced, constitute the one uniform and invariable standard
of value by which all other pianos are judged and appraised.

Steinway Grands, manufactured in four sizes.
Steinway Uprights, manufactured in three sizes,

are finished in ebonized and natural woods and

also made to order in

cases of special design.

Steinway Pianos in specially desi¢ned cases, hand.
carved and hand-painted. On sale in the Steinway

Art-Piano-Rooms.

Pianos in Greek and Colonial designs and*in Renaissance cases of
the periods of Louis XIV, XV and XVIoin gold, satinwood,
mahogany, prima vera, marquetry, oak and enamels in delicate
shades, the case of each instrument an original work of art.

STEINWAY HALL,

asterpieces of the

 

107 & 109 E. 14th St.

ilversmiths’ At

Gifts of Handwrought Silverware made by
the Goruam Co. will have the added distince-
tion this vear of being similar in character

to those awarded the

Granp Prix at Paris as

representing the most original art and the
best workmanship of the modern silversmith.

Selections for WINT

ER WEDDINGS and

rue HOLIDAYS can be made now for

future delivery.

GorRHAM COoO., Silversmiths
Broadway and 19th St., New York

A HUNDRED WOWEN DRIVEN OUT.

Wherever They Go Two Fast Side Precincts
Are Closed to Them,

 

The activity of Capt. Titus of the Fldridae
Rtreet station and Capt. Diamond of the Kast
Fifth street station, in regard to the trmmeral
conditions in their precinets, resalted in a

general exodus of immoral women from the
Red Light district Something
like a hundred dispossess notices were served
on Monday, and the women had only until

9 o'clock vesterday morning ino which to

vesteraas

 

 

 

move their effects The result was that ex-
pressmen got all sorts of prices Phe worn
we in-every direction, the police follow.
the wagons until they crossed the tb
ders of the precinets Very manv went ,
Jersey City and Hoboken, others went to

Brooklyn, and still others went up town
The exodus wos the direet result of the
netiees to) landlords Vitus

sent be Capt

     
 

  

  

Many of the women were ordered to move
by their landlords without process of law
several days ago. The greater part) move

over into the next precinet, commanded by
Capt Diamond Thev hadn't there
long when Capt. Diamond told the landlords
that he wouldn't have them Phe resul
Was a perfect rush of age bast Side
rroperty to the Pourth d court oon
Monday to apply for disp. warrants
Justice Roesch issued ther i= fast as they

 

» asked for, and the agents served therm

ice

  

call far a meeting of the Citizens’ Come. |
™ eof Fifteen has been sent ivet. James
;C. Catter, the chairman, didlo not) return to
the city yesterday If he is detaind mueh

etinw of the

 

longer the chanees are that a

 

committee for the purpose reanizaing
will be ealled anvwuy Charles Stewart
Smith said vesterday that he thought all of
those he named for the conrittee would
Accept the appointment He said that they
were men of courage and perststen md
that ther would. not be t the least by

 

vice

the present activity of they

PARTED COUPLE TRIED 10) DIE.

Drink Polson in Different Porte of the City and
Arrive at Hospital at the Same Time.

 

ST. Lovie, Mo, De ‘ Anna Lambert,
22? vears old, drank carbolie acid at her home
to-day because William MeGverk, who had
promised to marry her id failed to do se,
and at about the same time MeGverk alse
drank the acid in another part of the city

Both arrived at the City Hospital at the same

 

thre The woman is A preeartions con
dition, but it is thought that the man will
survive

Court Calendars This Day,

Supreme Court. Now, 1%, 19, 20

Appellate Division
4 ; 41, ON 4

 
      

 

 

  

ferm Part 1 Motion eal-
Va 1 RA parte mea
Nos M

$9, 2295, 3 1904 ur

208 0M ! 2. 221m

P50, TONS, 1548, PMN, TWST. 167s Part iN ( ear
and Fact Nos. @25. 1802, oer Part \ ear Cases
from Part IV. Part VEO Ciear ases from Part LV
Part Vile Fiewatet bh. Case fay calendar trial
1 1) Clear ‘tines Nos, 7482
a" 7 ‘ Wi eur Nos
late 1 4. MM 1 4752
anne ‘ wal we He

 

131 1 “

 

 

1252, S358, 38

IV. Case unfiniahied Cas rom Par
\ Clear Cases trom Part Til Mart . '
finished (as com Part Hl Part \

 

   
     
    

  

 

  

7471, 175 7. 5266, lee 1685 vt at <4,
BATH, HIPS, NAL? ad40 SoVe NITE =} oa Tet
20, 1000, 1084S 442. 1hME Shun tet . Pact VIN
Cases from Part Vil Vat i\ wr Ce
from Part Vil. Part \. ¢ Cas Part
Tart XL. Case shest fr Part Vil
NIL. Cases untinushedt ny Mar
Sorrogate« ( i? bers fort tea te \\ °
Jane AOA. Ebbets, Jens Clarke, Catharine Cn
Ragene Fagen Margareriva t achmidt, Ha
BE Maries Catherine OF fir . : 4 \ aan
lerm Case on No thea W Henry (. F. Koch
ariw20 A.M. So day ments
City Court Spectat Term ¢ r’ ene at ioa
Motions. Trial term Partl « ar. WN
2140, 1102, 1841, 1AOA, Sts. 192
23, 1008, 1172, 874 PN4Ghy il
Clear, Now ler), 427. 1 » 108% San
1288, 1084, 1AGs BTS. Me UTA Ws -
Noe 101%, 1510, 1607 +4
1661, 1677, 1738 :
W793, I87H, 4155, 1
1i%0, 32792 s
. 104, 10%
, S974, Beli, 823"
70, 3207

 

 

 

Court of Appea

 

 

AT BANY, Dee 4 he Court seal t
for Wednesday, |» s as
759, 767, 768, 770, 7, 702, 772

Court of Appeals Decision«

Aurayvy, Dee 3 The Court Ate to
handed down the following deristons Ald Kh 4
Manhattan Tafe Insurers
and judgment atrs e ordered fo
Supulauon, With costs

raft, Hows. Phipps. appesi withdrawn onsupe ation

 

   

   

Teslor, A, va. Anio-Swies Conds {Mik Commeny
Motion to dismiss eppeol erented ane l apres distuieeed
wiih costs

Conklin, R., vs. Wootbury Derma sal Institute

Motion to dismiss appeal denied e:

la re grade crossing, Commisanoner Hefaio ipro.

 

   

ceeding No 3g) in re Nestue ar er ik for cert.
orari to | erhili et al, Anse tt Yonkers. orders
affirmed with cmt.

Montgomery, A.. vs. Buffalo hel way Comnpeny, The
baud et ai Res The Pheni« Insurance Company. Tooker,
RK. va. Security Trust Compeny, Wheeler. survivor A

ve. Sweet et al, erecutors, Renin k and another
ve. Hansen, Hubbard, KH. vs Chepman, jidgments
oMfirmed with coats vob »

People et rei Wagner, A. ve. York et al, People ex rel
Donnelir, A., vs. Moss et al: People ex rel Werser. A.
\*. Hagan, warden (ity Prison, New York; orders afe
Sno™ with costa

 

    

M.Knoedler&Co.

invite attention to their
carefully selectet collection of
Paintings of Various Schools,
Water Colors, Etchings,
and Engravings.

355 FIFTH AVE.,
COR. 34TH ST., N.Y,

CHESTER BILLINGS & SON,

® Successors to

RANDEL, BAREMORE & BILLINGS.

<8 Nassau Street. 29 Maiden Lane.

The Weather.

The depression which waa in the Southern States
moved northeastward to the Virginia coast yesterday
with in The winds along
the east Gulf and Atlant: increasing [oO & gale
and blowing from the northeas! from Delaware to Massae
chusetts, and off shore south of Virgina

Hieavy ratn fel

reasing force were high

Const

in all the Southern States, the Ohne

   

and Tennesses valleya and along the middie Atianoe
coast, and l@bter rain tnland over the lakes, turning
into show in eastern Minnesota. Fair weather was
genera: west of the Miseissippr

Ihe rature was generally above freezing pont,
except Montana south to northern Texas along
the eastern side of the Kocky Mountaina No cod

nh sight &

fay was miny from eariy morning;

Wave is

In this city the
winds northeasterly and increasing from fresh to brisé
barom

vos.o PM

average humidity @) per cent

ats aM

and bie!
wrested to read
4

0 8e8 love

The temperature as reeorded by the official ther-

 

motmeter, and also by PHeE SUN'S” thermometer at
the street level, (s soown in the annesed table
-—OmMeu Son's —OMea— Sune
TA, suo win 180 isgo. 1900,
9A.MOS ' ho” 6P.M.4e ae jue
wo ie 4° 7 sur a6° e
lp i: dethua ese 88 “
} caatorn New York *faw to-day, colder im ertrare
sooth perton morrow, fou, weat gales, alowly dumine
whing
bor Maseeehousetts. fair in west ran or enow and
vider in east portion to«lar, to-morrow, fair, wiade
woito nerth and northwest For Connecticut,
fer with pair
for Western New York, fair to-day, eascept snow
formes near the Lakes, to-morrow, fair, brisk norte

  
  

Camerden
| & Forster

A noveland inspirin:

Holiday Exhibit.

Art Objects,

Jewelry,
Stationery Novelties,
Clocks,

Statuary, &c,

273 Fifth Ave.,

| Between 29th and oth sts.

—

 

ee i ae

 

cet Sarena ae ete

i

 

ewe

OT eee