os

ee ee

 

1 RE

=

eM

ae

ap

” WEDN LSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1000.
a Sabecriptions by Mall, Postpald.
DAILY, per Momtm. cece eo 606
DAILY, per Year . a00
SUNDAY, per Year 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year #00

per Month 70

DAILV AND BUNDAY,

Postage to fore’an countries ad led
Ine SUN, New York Olty

PAnis—Kiosque No 2. near Grand Motel, and

Kiosque No 10, Noulerard des Capucines,

 

Tt our friends who farer us with manuesripte for
publication wish fo hace rajecied articles returned, (hey
must in all cases send same for (hat purp oe.

——--

 

 

——

 

The Treasury.

While the broad statement may be made
that the annual! report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, sent to Congress yesterday,
comprises little that ia not already known
by the people {na general way, it covers a
period which will remain memorable in the
financial history of our country. During
ft our national prosperity has reached
{ts highest point so far. What Secretary
GaGF does not state in his report but what
people will remember is that the Adminis-
tration of the Treasury Department in
his time has been marked by sound busi-
ness sense; what wight have happened with
a Bryanite in the Treasury Department in
the past four years or what might occur
under like conditions in the four years to
come makes a business man shudder.

Mr. Gaoe estimates that the revenues
of the Government will afford a surplus
over expenditures of about $80,000,000 in
the current fisea! year, though he thinks
this will be less in future, and he therefore
joins with the President in recommending
a reduction in the taxes imposed by the
War Revenue act to an amount not less
than $30,000,000, The total amount of
money in circulation for the year ending
Nov. 1, 1900, was $2,139,181,412, an in-
crease of over $175,000,000 for the year,
giving an estitnated circulation per capita
of $27.42, much the largest ever known
before, Despite the increase of circula-
tion, owing to the increase of national banks
under the Refunding act, Secretary Gage
says that our currency system is stil! faulty.
He declares that with the 2 per cent
bonds at the present market price the net
advantage to a bank tn taking out cir-
culation is 1.05 of 1 per cent, per
annum: on the & per cent. bonds of 1904
there is a loss of substantia'ly one-half of 1
per cent; and on the remaining bonds
only a profit of a very smal! fraction of 1
per cent. These figures show that the
volume of the country’s circulating medium
at the present time is more responsive to
the market price of Government bonds
than to the requirements of trade and in-
dustry

Our foreign commerce for the year ended
exceeded that of any preceding year, and
for the first time the grand total of imports
and exports passed the two billion dollar
mark; manufacturers’ materials formed
a Jarger proportion of the imports than
ever before; and manufactured goods
formed a larger proportion of the exports
than ever before; while the gross total of
exports themseives reached a much larger
figure and were more widely distributed
than in any preceding year. Examina-
thon of these statistics of exports and im-
ports shows that American securities on
@ large scale inust have been returned to
the United States, and to that extent we
have as a nation greatly reduced our ob-
ligations abroad.

Owing to the operations of the Refunding
act and because of our exceeding prosperity,
the gold in the Treasury now belonglng to
the Government amounts to over $242,000,-
000, while there is a gold holding besides
of over $230,000,000 against which certifi-
cates have been issued. There is an in-
crease, too, of some $77,000,000 in bank
note issues. The Secretary deciares
what all intelligent citizens know to be the
case, that the Currency laws yet need re-
enforcement in very many important par-
ticulars. While the powers conferred upon
the Secretary are sufficient in case he is
vealous and watchful, they are not yet
sufficient'y mandatory upon the point of
enforcing the continued parity between
all our forins of metallic money,

Kruger's Rebuff,

Emperor WILLIAMS refusal to receive
Mr. Krtoer has compelled the latter to
renounce hia purpose of going to Berlin.
Apparently, he also means to avoid em-
barrassing the Belgian Government by a
visit to Brussels, and will proceed from
Cologne directly to Holland, the mother-
land of the Boers, where he is sure of sym-
pathy from the Sovereign and her Ministers,
as well as from the people.

The hopes of mediation, which had been
aroused in Paris, are thus abruptly dashed,
and there is no doubt that Mr. Krtcer
recognizes the seriousness of the incident.
There is reason to believe that France,
while loth to take the initiative in the matter,
would have heartily supported Germany,
had the latter Power requested the British
Government to grant terms less severe
than unconditional surrender to the Boer
commonwealths, Such a request would
but have seemed consistent in the mouth
of the Emperor Witiiam I], who tele-
graphed congratulations to Pretoria on
the defeat of the Jameson raid. That a
compassionate and generous act on the
part of the German Sovereign at this time
would have met with the cordial approval
of his subjects is evident from the recep-
tion given to Mr. KkUGER at Cologne. While
anti-British sentiments, however, are still
evinced by a large majority of the German
people, the relations of the Berlin Govern-
ment to England have been materially
modified during the last four yeara, Not
only have the German and British Foreign
Offices entered into a kind of partnership
with reference to Chinese questions, but
they are engaged in the negotiation of
atreaty of commerce, to replace that: which
was denounced at the request of Canada.
Under the circumstances, Germany can
hardly afford to affront Great Britain,
which, by the tenor of her reply to the
overture made by our State Department,
{intimated that she would regard an ex-
plicit offer to mediate between herself and
the Boer republics as an unfriendly act

Neither can Holland, however earnestly
the young Queen and her subjects may wish
to be of service to the Boers, venture to
offend Great Britain, for her existence as
an independent State upon the European
Continent is threatened by Germany, and
her Last Indian empire is at the mercy of
the British naval power. The Dutch are
not likely to forget the ease with which
the British took and held Java during the
Napoleonic wars. It is said that Mr,
KRUGER, after ashortsojournat The Hague,

 

= ———

contemplates a visit to St Peterehure,
but there too, a at Herlin, he would find
the Sovereign and hie Ministers oon.
atrained to withhold any practical am
sistance by the serious complication in the

Var Fast) To aeek aid from Austria and
Italy would be obviously fruition: seeing
that the foreign policy of those Powers
le in most matters virtually formulated
by the German Emperor

We repeat what we eal! in * pre
vious discussion of this subject that Mr
Katorn« beet chance of securing a mods
fleation of the unconditional surrender
programme ties in an appeal to Queen
Vicrowta and the British people. That

he has in mind such a petition, aa a last
resort, may, perhaps, be inferred from
the circumspection and moderation of
his public references to Fngland Not
even did the fervor of the welcome which
he received in Paris betray him into a
harsh denunciation of the treatment which
the Boers are said to have met with recently
at British hands, The sobriety and caution
of his utterances have been appreciated
by the British press, and there are not
wanting indications that British public
opinion is beginning to veer in favor of a
more generous course than hitherto has
been pursued. When Parliament meets
and is informed that. not only can no fur-
ther reductions be made from the forces
stationed in South Africa, but that 20,000
additional soldiers must be sent thither,
not a few advocates of a more conciliatory
policy may be found even in the Conserva
tive ranks. Especialiy will the expediency
of conciliation become  unmistakabio
should the agitation in the Afrikander ele
ment of the Cape Colony population ac-
quiro formidab'e proportions.

 

Who Will Guarantee the Guarantor?

If the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty should
now be ratified, and the canal be built
and paid for by us under that compact with
Great Britain, the situation in caso we
went to war would be thia:

Great Britain standa responsible for the
neutrality of the waterway. She has not
paid one farthing toward its cost, but she
has pledged herself to see that neither
we nor our enemy shall violate that neu-
trality, It is her business to make sure
that the use of the canal, as a war con-
venience, is open equally to the Capt, CLARK
and the Admiral Camara of the future,

The mouthpieces of the State Depart-

ment have told us over and over again |

with fatuous pride that Secretary Hay's
diplomacy has thus gained for us a price
less benefit. Whatever paltry naval advan-
tages we may lose by not being masters
of our own canal,
for a thousand fold by the assurance of
Britiah protection against our enemy,
far as the safety of the canal is concerned,
That great naval power has taken off our
hands the job of defending it. In view of
the enormous superiority of England at
sea, no other nation at war with the United
States would ever undertake to seize our
canal, or to turn it against us in any way
not permitted by the treaty and by Eng-
land's guarantee.

But suppose that the enemy with which
we are at war happens to be Great Britain
herself?

The answer of the organs of Mr. Hay is
prompt. In that case Great Britain would
not leas be bound to preserve the net-
trality of the canal. Her guarantee would
stand. Even war with the Luited States |
would not nullify her obligations. Mr,
Hay proposes to call in some other nations
of Europe and make them parties to the
compact; and England's faith would still
be pledged solemnly in treaty form not to
violate the canal.

Yes, but England's faith was solemnly
pledged once before in a canal treaty to
which we were a party.

80

The first article of that same Clayton-
Bulwer convention which Mr. Hay under-
took a year ago to revive as a living
and binding instrument, pledged Great
Britain not to “ occupy or fortify or col-
onize or assume to exercise any dominion

over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Meawuit 0
Const, or any part of Central America.”

A few months after the Clayton-Bulwer
Treaty had been signed, and subsequently,
to its ratification by the Lnited States Se nate,
Sir Henry L, BuLWer filed at the Dep
ment of State a declaration stating that
“her Majesty's Governnent dows
understand the engagements of that
vention to apply to her Majesty's settle-

not

con

ment at Honduras, or toits dependencies,’
CLAYTON, the Jomn Hay
without sending this

and Secretary
of half a century ago,
vital amendment back to the Senate, wrote

a note saying that he, understood
the treaty in that way;
accepting this extraneous stipulation upon
his own responsibility, Mr.
changed ratifications with
BuLWER, merely filing

of State this astounding memo-

tor oF
and, thereupon,
CLAYTON
Sir

OX-
Hienny
at the same time in
our archives
randum:
“After signing my note last night I deitwered 't to

Sir HENRY, and we tmmediately proceeded,
any further or other action,

Without
to exchange the ratt!

cations of said treaty. The consent of the Senate to
the deciaration was not recuired, and the treaty was

ratified as It stood when mace.”

If the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty that is sup-
posed by Mr. Hay to bind Great Britain
and the United States is the treaty which
our Senate ratified, Great Britain has per-
and = deflantly

directly, openly,

sistently,
violated its provisions;
pied, fortified and colonized a large part
of Central America, and
dominion therein and exercises it to-day
And in 1862,
engaged in the war for the preservation of

for she has oceu-
has exerejsed

when our Government was

its own existence and the union of States,

the other party to the Clayton-Bulwer
Treaty seized the oceasion to erect that
part of Central America which Sir Hexpy
Briwer described as “her Majesty's
settlement at Honduras" into a colony
of the British Crown. She has steadily

extended the frontiers of a Central Amer.
ican territory to which her title at the ume

oh oe

|

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1000.

of the Clarton-Bulwer Treaty was « sleasy
claim to certain righta of wood-chopping,
derived from Spain. The violation by
Creat Britain of her obligations under the
Instrument which Mr Mav eecke to revive
now as againat ourselves only, haa never
heen deseribed more tarsely, in ite procesa
and consequences, than in a report of the
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
in the Fifty-firat Congress

(ne of the proviatone of the sonvention ef 1460
mos! |mportant to the United States and to the preeer-
vation of te republican governments on thie eontt-
Which declared that neither party
to the convention should ‘occupy of fortify or colonize
of assume to exereine any dominion over Nicaragua,
Costa Rica, the Mosquito Coast, or any part of Central
America.’

“At Unat time the ‘settlement’ of Britieh eubjecta,
as it wae enlled, at the Belize on the coast of Central
America, Was of the emaliest dimensions and had
no substance or form of territorial dominion, British
woodeulters were there under an ancient Spanteh
Neense of timber cutting, and nothing more. ‘These
settlers, in & country not belonging to the Britieh
Crown, had off and on attempted to form a kind of local
government for preserving order among themeelves,
and, after going through various phases, had reached
the point In 1450 of some jocal Magistrates and an
imperial Superintendent, merely and clearly for the

nent Wae that

| Purpose of preserving internal order among the En g-

|
|

they are compensated

|

nese ee

| forelgn eountry.
} dition of things when the convention of 1850 (the Clay-

lish adventurere engaged in the lumber trade in that
This was substantially the con-

ton- Bulwer Treaty) was entered into.

“The next step after the convention of 1850 wae In
1453, when a legislative association was constituted
to manage the affairs of the settlement. This was
followed bY a convention between Great Britain and
1459, for the establishment of the
boundaries between what
‘ber Lritannic Majesty's setilements and possessions
{n the Bay of Honduras’ and the territories of Guate-
mala. Tue country, or the largest part of it, belonged
to Guatemala as the successor to all the sovereign
terriwrial rights of Spain tn that region; but by this
treaty that which was before a licensed Industrial
establishment became instantly a colony of the Britieh
Crown, and a regular colonial establishment was eet
on foot (in 18462); and so from that time to this the form
and substance of a regular colontal Government es
& part of her Majesty's domiolons was continued.
lt is understood that ite geographical dominion has
been vastly enlarged from the licensed wood-cutting
limitations and boundaries that existed in 1850,

“All this has taken place aystematically and per-
notwithstanding the declarauons of her
Majesty's Government that It should not ‘colonize
or assume to exercise any dominion over any past
of Central America.’

These are the facts. Now observe the
conclusions reported by the Senate Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations as recently
as the year 1891;

Guatemala tn
the treaty chose to call

aistenuy,

“If these proceedings on the part of her Majesty o
Government, In respect of one of the most important
subjects of the convention and in absolute opposition
to it, do not discharge the United States from all and
every of their declarations and engagements stated
in that convention, it Is Impossible to conceive what
could

“In view of all these considerations, the Committee
ja of opinion that the United States le at present
under no obligation, measured either by the terms
of the eonvention, the principles of public law or good
morals, to refrain from promoting, In any way that it
may deem best for its Just interests, the construction
of this canal without regard to anything contained
in tha conrention of 1859,”

This report was unanimous, Among the
Senators who signed it were some of the
best internationa]) awyers that ever sat
in the Senate, Two of these statesmen,
JOHN SHFRMAN and WiLLiam M, Evarts,
have preceded the Hon. JoHN Hay as
Secretary of State. Another name ap-
pended to the report is that of Grorar
F. Epmunps. Wha ought to be an en-
couraging circumstance in the present
crisis is the fact that two of the signers
are members of the present Senate Com-
Foreign Relations having to
report shortly on Mr. Hay's proposition
that the treaty which Great Britain so con-
spicuously violated binds us now to her
advantage and our disadvantage. We refer
to the Hon, Joun T. MorGan and the Hon,
Wit.iaMm P, Frye.

The unanimous and unqualified declara-
tion of all these distinguished Republicans
and Democrats that the construction of
the canal may justly and honorably proceed
without regard to anything contained
in the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty, ought
to convinee the President that he has been
misied by the Secretary of State into the
belief, expressed in his message, that the
convention commonly called the Clayton-
Bulwer Treaty is an obstacle to our inde-

mittee on

pendent action on the isthmus,

. on the grounds
urged by the State Department in defence
of its stupendous blunder of a year ago,
tohaveinour own interest Great Britain's
guarantee that she will never attempt,
even in time of war with this country, to
aeize the cana! which we shall have built
and paid for, what value would that guar-
antee possess, in view of the facts above

ut if it were desirabl

recited?

 

Good Highways.

During the last few years, particularly
during the last twelve months, the good
roads movement has gained greatly in
strength. The wheelmen, who gave it
its first impetus, have been effectively reen-
foreed by the automobilists, who are in-
creasing in numbers and whose tremen-
dous possibilities of speed makes them
even more clamorous for smooth, hard
roadbeds.

It was learned last week from the Presi-
dent of the Good Roads Department of the
National Good Roads and Irrigation Con-
gress, who, as the head of a committee, has
recently returned from his mission to Wash-
ingion, that steps taken by the congress
to secure an appropriation and. legislation
in furtherance of its cause promise high
si President MCKINLEY assured the
committee that its recommendations had
hia approval, and Secretary W1ILson of the
Department of Agriculture indorsed the
project without hesitation. Moreover, it
is reported (hat fully two hundred Senators
and Congressmen have promised to aid in
securing the appropriation asked — for,
namely, $150,000 for (he use of the office of
Public Roads Inquiries, recently instituted
by the Department of Agriculture.

The proposition of the Good Roads Con
gress is that one mile of model highway be

is

built by the Federal Government in every
State of the Union, one quarter of « mile
to be constructed in four parta of each
State. In addition, the State Legialatures
which convene next year will be maked
individually to enact laws for road improve
ment The President of the conaress
intends that it ahall have a representative
ia every county of the United States, whoee
funetion will be to atimulate the sentiment
for good ronda throughout hie territory

During the past year several organize
forces have been engaged in this work
many of which have a national reputation
Bosidos the organizations referred to there
are the Teague of American Wheelmen,
the Automobile Club of America, the Na
tional Laague for Good Roads, and scores of
smaller organizations with similar purposes
Through the instrumentality of one or more
of these bodies sample roads have been built
in various parts of the country, and much
pertinent literature has been circulated
All of the organizations have been untir-
ingly energetic.

It has been shown here and abroad that
the country which has good roads pro-
vides itself with an admirable equipment
for commercial superiority; that the United
States should possess the poorest public
roads system of any of the large nations
has long been deplored.

Oe ee ee

‘The Passing of the Synagogue."’

In ZanGWiL.'s “ Children of the Ghetto "
the lessening regard of the Jews for their
peculiar religious customs and observances
as they pass from poverty to riches is
pointed out; and along with it goes a diminu-
tion of tenacity in the preservation of their
race distinctions and characteristics, With
assured prosperity, names are changed to
conceal a Jewish lineage and there comes
in a social ambition which conflicts with
religious duties once regarded as impera-
tive. That is n England, but here, too,
like tendencies appear.

A very considerable part of the Jews,
made up almost wholly from among those
who have attained to prosperity, are prac-
tically without any religious faith at all.
They pay no heed to the Law intheir meata
and drinks, and thus outrage the convie-
tions and susceptibilities of the orthodox
So far from being averse to marrying with
Christians, some of them are ainbitious of
euch alliances; but in giving up Judaism
they give up all religion and such respect
as they pay to Christianity is merely per-
fiinctory. Meantime the synagogues sup-
ported by the more prosperous Jews have
undergone so radical a change in character
that Dr. Hirscn, the editor of the Jewish
Reform Advocate of Chicago,  disctisses
very earnestly in the last number of his
paper “ The Passing of the Synagogue.”

Dr. Hirscw’s cone'usion is that “our
synagogues have every where lost influence
over their own members." They may he
well attended and the sum of their volun
tary contributions may be large; and un-
questionably their architectural beauty and
impressiveness have made them notable
structures in all our great towns, “The
ambition to give Judaism a atriking
representation among the church edifices
of their cities has been almost excessive
among the Jews of this land;" but, con-
tinues Dr. Hirscn, “ unless family affliction
induce a temporary personal interest in
the ordinary services, our members are con-
tent to support the sy nagogue by proxy,”

The main reason for this negligence he
finds in the secular necessity which keeps
so many Jews from the old-time observance
of the Jewish Sabbath. “On Saturday
the majority cannot attend and on Sunday
they are urged to stay away” by “ the
fanaticism which resulted in the prepos-
terous declaration that he is a more pious
Jew who will not go to the synagogue on
Sunday than he who will.” This, of course,
has “handicapped” the movement for
Sunday services or “to reclaim the seeular
day for religious culture.” Moreover, fas
he says not untruly, the innovation needed
the assistance it would have got “ while
the yearning for religious culture was
still deep and earnest,” but it was pro-
jected at a tine when in this feeling there
was a “decline engendered by years of
disregard.” “Among the majority of the
Jews of this day,” Dr. Hinscen fears, “Ju-
daism has largely shrunk into a memory and
stands for nothing vital.”

“Whether our rabbis
writes a woman in the same number of
the Reform Advocate, “the outlook for
anything but woinen in the pews is not
promising.” “ Saturday is universally dis-
regarded except insentiment.” “ The good,
pious grandmother does the praying and
the boys who are faithful believers in Juda-
ism do not smoke cigars on Friday night —
that expresses the Judaism of the family.”
Among Jews, as also among Christians,
religious faith is preserved most by women
and it is among Jewish women that the
tenacity of race prejudice is the strongest.

It must be borne in mind that in quoting
from Dr. Hirscu we cite the opinions of
the “ Reformed " school of Judaism; but
unquestionably the decline of religious
feeling which he regards as so ominous is
extensive, and frequently if not generaily
it accompanies a rise in wealth and social
condition,

like it or not,”

 

Conductors in New York and Chicago,

Some distinguished women of Chicago
do not approve the Anti-Conductor League
lately formed in this town, ‘Their opinion
of the Chicago conductors is high, Miss
JANE ADDAMS says that they are “ typical
American gentlemen.” Miss CATHERINE
Gooain asserts that “there is no more
sense in a league of women against con-
ductors than there would be in a league
of conductors against women.” Dr, Juntra
HoLMes SMITH declares that “there is
more courtesy in a street car conductor
than in any dudeshe knows.” Dr. Strven-
fON uses almost the same languag
“They are more genuinely courteous
than dudes.” Dr. Dick1Nson admits that
they are sometimes too zealous but still
“always gentlemen.” Miss GoGaGIn chides
her sex for asking 80 many “ fool questions,’
and suggests the formation of an Anti-
Woman League for the protection of the
conductors. Inthe opinionof Miss Gogain
apparently, a gentieman is not required
to answer questions which he = esteems
foolish. It is a failing of a great many
other officials and persons than conductors
to regard as a fool everybody who doesn't
know what they know.

We fail to remember anything especially
Chesterfieldian in the manners of the Chi-
cago conductors as compared with those
of this town; nor can we judge how much
of a worthy desire (o praise their own city
may enter into the Chicago ladies’ defence of
their own conductors. We content ourselves
with giving their testimony and with saying
that there are so many lines in a city like
Chieago and so many passengers riding
onther that personal opinion of the manners
of conductors must vary greatly. Often
certain lines get, and perhaps deserve,

the reputation of employing unaivil sen-
ductora, The case ia the same here, but
here peculiar conditions, the shape of the
city, the vast crowd to be carried, must
Inorease the atrain upon the conductors

pationce Tt asema to ue, but we may be
mistaken, that the older men are, aa A
rule, more courteous than the younger;

and there seems to be a remarkable num-
ber of boys amon the New York con
The tension of long hours upon
them must be great and their sense of their
oMcial dignity and of thetr eupertority
to the public muat be high. Many of them
have had no chanee to acquire the rudi-
ments of good manners. The company

ductore

| does ita best to teach them clvility, but

might not a School of Courtesy for Con-
ductors be a useful inatitution?

In these remarks we must not be thought
to cast discredit on the great body of New
York street railway conductors, the ma-
Jority of whom we believe to be civil and
courteous, But there are too many ex-
ceptions, You expect to be run over sooner
or later; one can put up with death, but
not with insolence,

By the way a committee might be se
lected to report as to the comparative cour-
tesy of Chicago and New York con-
ductora,

 

—

Town and Country.

The population of American cities has
grown during the last ten years at the ex-
pense of the rural districts, but not In the
degree foreshadowed by earlier experience.
This year the population of cities and towns
containing 8,000 inhabitants or more will
reach 83 per cent. of the total, as againat
29 per cent. in 1890 and 22.5 in 1880. The
increase of such city population, therefore,
though steady is slow, The rate of such
increase is diminishing and this year's
census shows no falling off in population
except in Nevada, but a healthy and some-
what unusual increase in the farming dis-
tricts of New England and rural New York.

Six American cities only, twoin Nebraska,
two in Michigan, one in Iowa and one tn
New York (Lincoln, Omaha, Bay City,
Saginaw, Sioux City and Albany) show a
decline in population since 1800, All the
other cities have gained and the general
movement of population, consequent upon
the increase of manufactures and the gen-
eral concentration of business into the
cities and large towns, has not, it appears,
diminished the ordinary and healthy growth
of such minor political divisions as villages
and farm-land settlements. To some ex-
tent, too, the apparent increase in urban
population in the "United States is due to
the annexation of suburbs by large cities,
of which New York furnishes a conspicuous
illustration,

 

 

ALFRPD BRIT te accounted in Landon the richest
man inthe world, His ambition ts to run hie pesoel
holdings up to the stupendous eum of §1,000,000,000.

Atlanta Constitution,

Mr Brir is primarily, we believe,"a miner,
and we doubt his ever reaching his alleged goal
But in this still dawning day of colossal in-
dustrial energy, with the forces of electricity
yet in their infancy and other greater forces
but little more than dreamed of, it is not asking
muchof the imagination to predict the time
when the “multi-millionaire" of the moment
Shall have bloomed into the actual billionaire.
The Hon. Jom BatLey began the session
with a poigt of law, but we depend upon
him te throw his @gis over the Constitu-
tion to-day,

 

There is not a great journal in the world whieh
would not ," wise to give Lord ROSEBERY five
thousand a )ear as editor, and not a publle n
who would not doubt In his heart, if he Pruled Ene.
laud, whether England were safe.— Spectator.

Is that the principle on which our positive
British contemporary is organized? If go, it
had better change {tself; if otherwise, it is
dreaming If any quality can be placed first
as desirable in an editor it is the soundness
of judgment that invites public confidence
No man is fit to edit a great British Journal who
is not fit to be Prime Minister

 

 

Pommaey
Urntas Ropes, who has been selected by
Mr W. B Drwscan, Jr., to sail the yacht now
building to defend the America’s Cup against
Shamrock I], can be counted on to sail her
well He is a cool-headed skipper who knows
his business and whose judgment fs not of
the kind to be blown overboard by an eddy
inthe wind) And when it comes to knocking
nbont fer the better position at the start
Capt Rroprs need ask odds of no man
All this was proven when, under Mr, Den-
CAN'S management, also, he held the wheel
of the Defender when she tried out the Co-
lumbia. And the publio, so vastly inter-
ested in the coming contest, may be aseured
that Capt. Kaopes ts also of the kind that
there need be no worry leat his craft be
steered into any trickery that her Master
id the public would have to blush for. It
will all be straight sailing as well as good
sailing on the -—-—~——~ er, what's her
name, whether Mr. Duncan happens to be
on deck or below,

 

Mr. THomas W. Lawson of Boston has
acquired, as is well known, & goodly portion of
the cream of the American trotting track. He
is said to be negotiating for more. Rut we
cannot commend his reported plan to take his
horses to Europe and have them travel there
forayearortwo. There may be more “ show ”
in the European trip, but in keeping his horses
going at home there will be more fun for all
the American people, including Mr. Lawson.

It is Impossible for PETTIGREW to stop
pettigrewing, and so nobody will be aur-
prised by his solemn resolva to interpose
his corpus, the Anti-Trust bill and the Con-
stitutional amendment for the election of
Senators by direct vote between the Ship
Subsidy bill and the passage thereof. [Prr-
TigneW mistakes his capacities in most di-
rections, but not his power of wind. Still,
there may be ways of laying even that per-
pelual gale

We drift: Springteld Republican.

Ah, SaMbo, SAMBO, Is ft safe, and with so
little ballast? e

 

 

 

—

An exodus of the characters classed as
“disorderly ” from the East Side is now in

progress, The immediate reason for it is
activity among the officials subject to
Tammany Hell but the real reason for

it is the agitation that has been set in motion
by private citizens And the only way of
making permanent something of the good that
may come from it is to put the police in other
hands ‘That requires a change in the city
government

Terrible Arraignment of Bryanism,

From the St. Louis Globe Democrat,

Twenty two heavy Demoeratie counties tn this
State have gained only 1,610 inhabitants tn the last
ten years, While the other ninety-two counties and the
city of St. Louls have gatned in population 425,87)
At the recent election the twenty-two Demoeratic
counties referred (to gave Bryan 77,740 votes and
McKiniey 30,594, a Democratic plurality of 34,237,
Bryan's plurality in the whole State was 47,820, so
butior the surplus in the twenty two decaying counties
the verdict of Missourl was against them. Ten of
the counties have lost 5,054 inhabitants since 1490,
while the other twelve counties have gained but 7,463,
a net gain in population of 1,619, of an average gaia
for each county of less than eight for each year of the
past decade, Of cogirse, the excess of dirths ls much
than eight per year. It follows that all the
twenty two heavy Democratic counties are losing
adult Inhabitants

Progress and enterprise are strong magnets for
young manbood ‘

more

JOHNS WOPRING'S §=PAREAIDENCY.
Treetecs Tath trver the Hest War of Finding a

Muccemer to Ur, Ctiman.,
Rattivonr, Pee 4 the question of a
ayoressor io Dr PD © Gilman aft Preatdent

of Johns Hopkine Univeratty oocupied cor
siderable time atthe monthiy meeting y ester
day afternoon of the Hoard of Trustees
Throv@hout the dieenosion no name Were
tnentioned in connection with the efflee and
no definite action was taken. One of the
trusters said thie morning that the board \«
ansious to make a selection by spring and
sooner if possible It wasunderatood gener
ally among the trustees that in the selection
of anew President the wishes of the academi:
counoll and the alumni wiil be taken into con
sideration

“We desire to have a man,”

“who te eminently ou
the university and give it
administration The rieht

said a trustee,

1 wise and efficient
man mist pos

fees business acumen as well os intellectual
ability He must be an administrative as
well as an executive officer This is the

kind of a man we want and there is no telling

nor where he may be found By 4 wen.

interchange of views among the faculty,
the suggestions of the alunini and by cor-
reapondence with educational lehts br! ne.
ing thelr ideas, we hope te centre upon some
one man o far we are all at sea with ne the
ing tangible in slight ”

The People and the Canal.

To Tax Epitonr or Tak Styx Sir’ It is hard
to understand why there should be any nu-
terial difference of opinion onthe Hay-Paunce-
fote treaty. Your editorial of to-day
ing that the ratification of that treaty would
be a deathblow to the Monroe Doctrine is
lucid and convincing

Our State Department should shrink from
filing such a paper among the archives of
the nation. If filed it should entitled
“A treaty providing for the construction of
the Nicaragua Canal at the risk and expense
of the United States for the benefit and free
use of England, Germany, Russia, Frances
&c.”

Hardly a fit monument to
plomacy and Yankee pevet ration!

BALTIMORE, Dee. 3

 

 

be

American di-
M.L.

 

 

A Housekeeper on Her Servants.

To THE Epitorn oF THE SUN In your
issue of Friday the 30th I saw an article stating
that there was a project afoot to forma servant
girls’ union, “as an effort to reclaim household
servants from the tyranny of conscienceless
mistresses.“

Now, while there are some, of course, ans wer-
ing to that description, it seems to me that they
are in the minority, and that the union most
peeded is one to protect mistresses from the
tyranny of conscienceless servauis The ser-
Vant question at present ia this: Any incompe-
tent woman can go out to service, demand and
receive any wages she wishes, and when she
wastes and spoils her employer's food, burns
and in other ways destroys her kitchen uten-
sils, breaks her china, ruins her furniture,
refuses to do the work she is paid for as it should
be done and is impudent when the right way
ia mildly suggested to her, the employers
have no redress They have a gieam of happi-
ness when they see the worse than useless
domestic departing and then, when they realize
the enormity of the wreckage she has caused,
hey can only sit and weep among thelr Lares
and Penates, which are ruined

Mrs. Beale seems to have tried a variety of
occupations and to have been unfortunate
in her selection of situations, 4s she says slie
was abusedand cheated inallof them Ladies
and gentlemen do not abuse and cheat their
servants. In my house, and in the houses of
y friends, the same consideration is shown
the servants as to all of the family. They
have comfortable rooms and every conve-
nience, including steam heat, and their food I>
exactly what their employers have, unless
they ask for other things (which are given
them) except where a good many are kept and
ere is a servants’ table, and in those houses
know the fuod to be both good and abundant
n my house they may go to clureh every
unday, have one afternoon or day during the
week, or they may go out whenever their work
done,and as we live in the country they often
have é friend to spend a day with them, 1
ae iS erarenty call this abusive treatment

convinced that suffering employers,
of which I am one, will never receive protection
until the German servant syste is established
here. There a servant who has tried to give
satisfaction in one situation- for a year or more
receives a certificate to that effect when she
leaves She must stay in her place for a cer-
in length of time, and if she does not do so
cannot obtain her certificate, without which
she cannot secure another situation. This
mops of protects the employers from the incur-
“rounders,” most of whom are drunk-
or Floto or both, and so they are seldom
fraposed upon wish with all my soul that
it would be edapted here, where there is crying
need for it. Persons in moderate cireum-
ptances, who can only have one servant, pave
from $16 to 820 a month, cannot obtain even
airly efficient one in the country, and they
are rare birds in New York
, A SUFFERING HOUSEREFPER.
Honogcs, N. J

su

 

 

Japanese Prince Condemns French Army.

Prom the Indianapolia Journal

&r. Paci, Minn, Nov 30 A Winniper de-
spatch says: “The Japanese Prince, Komora,
en route home from the Paris Extiibition, was
interviewed here He says ‘The Frenen are
@ great fuz7-fiizz people, who get very much
excited and want to fight somebody They
are not ready to fight anybody any more than
pain was, if the truth was known Their
army is very rotten, so far as 1 can judge’ ”

 

Sims Reeves's Singing.

From the London Truth

Had Sims Reeves died twenty years ago, bis loss
to music In this country would certainly have been
proclaimed as trreparable. By the end of the century
however, he had outlived his fame, and his death last
week called forth little more than the usual number
oflengthy obituary notices. Mr. Sims Reeves, inderd,
belonged to a past generation. and even his vocal
atyle was more or leas obsolete. For Mr. Reeves
Delonged to a school which thoroughly believed itn
the theory of Mme. Balfe, who, when cheery Arthur
Mathison asked for something more than the then
usual thirty guineas for the libretto of " The Talis
man,” laid it down as an axiom that “nobody caves
for de vords” A foreigner, however intelilg ent,
who in the last generation heard Mr. Sims Reeves
warble * Come into the Garden Maud,” or" My Pretty
Jane,” or “ Tom Bowling.” would have been puzzled
to determine In what language he was singing. in
those days, perhaps, librettos were so thoroughly
illiterate and absurd, that the less that was heard
of “ de vords ™ the better, Rut John Braham, if we
may credit those who knew him, had rather a fault
the other way.

Apart from his indistinct enunciation, Sims Reevea's
singing was, fora pure tenor voice. as near perfection
ae we are ever likely to find it. He had well-marked
mannerisms, of course But perfect production and
phrasing, absolute accuracy both ip intonation and in
florid music, were features of his singing, which was
of course, quite foreign to the shouting that marks
the modern German school. Yet tn hie day Sims
Reeves beyond question exercised an immense. and
for the most part salutary, influence over English
vocalism. He had no trace of the vibrato, whieh
even then Was @ vocal defect sometimes cultivated
by the Italians. Every Cetail was thought out and
studied, and art considerations preceded all others
Sime Reeves was perhaps the first really great tenor
who ever won success under his own Hrithkh name
in the opera houres of Italy, @ success which was
repeated both in English and Italian opera im Eng
land, his operatic career thus extending over about
twenty years. His whole artistic life lasted about
eiaty years; butal theend the once proud “star” was
forced by straitened circumstances to accept a Civ!
List pension of £100

Manners Among Condactors.

TO THE FpITOR or THE SUN--~ Sir’ 1 wish to
putin my little “say” about condnetors, about whose
manners (here as lately been considerable discussion,
Saturday at 1.15 1 boarded a Lexington ave
nue cor ot Mieventh street and Broadway. got
north, At ‘wenty third street a young man ard
woman got upto goont. The conductor wes
and in @ genilemaniy Way took hold of the lady's
eipow ‘The look she gave him was enough to ois

courage any one. As I went the length of bis route
T took particular notice of bis politeness. | bave
been In carts in every city tn the | nited States ana
several in Burope ond I find the New York conductors
among the mos polite. ‘Tis barticuiar man’s n utr
ber was 427 and the car(asl remember) 31¥. | noticed
the man had three stripes on bis arm.

NEW YORK, Dre, 2 Mrs. GRORGE F

Free Silver Will Live.
krom the Cineinnati Commercial Tritune
S10Ux CITY, la. Nov, 28.-..Senator Wilham V
Allen of Nebraska, while bere to da), declared: ° Free
silver will live.”

 

 

COLE.

 

 

alified to take held ot |

shows |

 

wor araine 1% THR sotTH.
fen, Gordon's Rnthusiaetic Indersement of
Kepansion Renefits to the Santh
New Ontraee Thee 4 The Southers
Industrial Convention opened ite third annual
eouslon here to-day at Tulane Ila) with | ae
deleg ites present, ineluding net only the

from the Southern States, but -
Wh Thurber of New York, President of the
Trhited States Paport Association, lt tn
Kelly, Seeretary and Treasurer of the Trades
league of Philadelphia, Mayor Wiehl of
Biffalo, John Weber, Commissioner of the
Hulfalo Pan-American Exposition, and num
erous other visitors from the North, The
addresses of welcome were delivered by Gov
W W. Heard of Louisiana and Mayor Cap
devielle of New Orleans

At the night session Dr. Alderman of Tulane
University spoke, and the Nicaragua Canal
was discussed atlength The convention will
probably be in session for several days. The
principal tonics set for discussion are the

Nicaragua Canal, Technological Education,
Kalilronds, the Improvement of the Toterter
Waterways, Immigration, Agriculture Prod
nets, Latin Anerican Trad), Cotton Manufacture
{ny the South, Education and the Public Schools,
Lumber and Tumber Interesta in the South
and Commercial Organization

The principal speech of the morning was
made hy Gen John B Gordon of Georgia
He said that whatever the South and people
of the South may have favored in times past,
they now favor no contracted policy for the
national Government. They want the Nica-
raguan Canal to carry their products and
their manufactures to the Philippines and
the Orient) They want an open door in China
and everywhere He said the time would
come when the brown people of the East
would rise up and call the United States
blessed) He wanted to carry the blessings
of our liberty and advancement into both
China and the Philippines, but “above all
said he, “let us forever wave the beautiful
honner of the Prince of Peace, and the time
will come when these benighted people wil!
shout aloud hosanna to Cod that the people
of this greatest and grandest country on
earth, the moet juat and eauitable govern-
ment ever framed by mortal hands, appeared
among them ”

delegates

 

Letter on Cadet Booz's Case,

To THe Epitor or THe Sunx--Sir: Tartss
to define a condition of apparent confusion
at West Point

A former cadet is said to be dying hy
acts, Of fellow cadets who are alleged to be
defended by the superintendent of the Mill-
tary Academy, who, it is said, admits In aub-
stance that a cadet duly appointed and re-
ceived may be subject to what amounts

to lynch law in the general interest of manli-
ness, If so, it may be noted, therefore,
that a portion of the curriculum at the Acad-
em’, if one takes stock of the public
prints, is administered at night, in the woods,
and possibly under such conditions of secreey
that any admissions may have to be forced
before facts are revealed.

The situation ts one of a confusion of fun
with eruelty, of law with disorder, and of
discipline with riot. Vers respectfully yours,

Joan B. Mayort.
Rocnesten, N. ¥

28 Water Sr,

Religions Intolerance,

‘TO TRE EDITOR oF THE SUN—Sfr: 1 wenture
fo suggest what seems to be the answer to the main
question asked by your correspondent of this date
who writes from the “State of Penn"—the question
of religious Intolerance,

‘The Rev. Dr. Christian only erra by excluding
Pennsyivanta from that Ist of States, which com
prises all the States of the world, from the accusation
of Intolerance: the reverend and learned gentieman
in his theological “cru” between the formed, the re
formed and the unformed seems to have forgotten
entirely the Soctety of Friends, which even Itself
would fain admit to be no broader than !ts depth.

None hates the socalled ‘liberal’ view of religion
and life as does a High Churen Anglican; no Catholic
would have any other feeling than pity for those who
attempt to divorce Reauty and Truth.

lhe hardest prejudice to overcome Is that one has
toward his neighbor's house, which he !s forbidden
by the anclent law to covet. It fs as natural as life
itself to be Intolerant. How otherwise could the
Christlan law “Thou shalt love thy neighbor’ and
Sin live side by side?

The only solution and the answer to your corre
spondent's question can be written in a very few lines.
‘There la no fourth dimension; breadth cannot exist
without length, nor can depth, nor can any one of
them without the others. The religion containing
all three, if I may say !t for {t, suggests the hypothet-
fea! fourth, id est, Tolerance. AN EX-RITUALIST.

HEMPSTEAD, L. L

 

Boston's Muanicipal Printing.

TO THE EnIvoR or THR SUN —Sir; On my re
turn to Boston to day my attention was called to an
ecitotial which appeared in THE SUN of last Thuts
ay under the caption” The City and Municipal! Print
tng.” and which contained the statement that the
munletpal printing plant Im Boston had been aban
doned. This ts an error. The plant has not only
not been abandoned but ts running at full ferce,
and bas ceased to be a subject of controversy. This
fact is fair evidence, at least, that the experiment in
municipal printing tn Boston ts not a failure.

THOMAS A MULLEN,
Tate Secretary to ex Mavor Quincy.
Loston, Dee. 8.

 

In Illinois It's 'Stabboy."’

or THE SUN—Sir: You seem
to be seeking Information. Out in “Tilinoy"~ where
the boys drive the bogs to market, its “Forty cents
a day and no dinner Hill you get to Shaw's—Stubbo)!
Stubboy! Stubbey!’

Livery time an Iilinols hog driver yells “Stubboy”
he turns a hog “end forend.” A Yale yell would not
bein tt fora minute. It's s cross between a fog horn
signal and a Comanche war whoop, and can easily
be heard three miles down the “pike.”

NEW YORK, ec. 3. FELt BALDWIN,

Philadeiphia Police Demoralized,

From the Philadelphia Presa.

Although ft is now almost a month since election
and the members of the city's police force are com-
peratively free from their political duties, yet the force
has not recovered from the demoralization into which
it fell during the campaign. Robberies, hold-ups and
small thefts occur daily in large numbers, the wave
of money and goods stolen amounting to hundreds of
thousands of dollars. But the policemen and the de-
tectives make few arrests and are totally unable to
meet the emergency.

In the last two weeks alone the vaiue of the stealings
inal! parts of the «ity has been at least $10,000, yet, with
the exception of one man arrested on suspicion of steal-
ing a tronk worth $1,000, the thefta for which arrests
have been made will not amount to $29. Philadelphia
under the present conditions is @ “thieves’ heaven”
and the professional thieves ei! over the country are
learning of it rapidly.

New Departure in Letterheads.

From the Boot and Shoe Recorder.

The Root and Shoe Recorder frequently finds eu-
rious specimens of business cards and letterheade,
but one which was sent to us by the Wolfe Bros. Shoe
Company, recently, seems to be worthy of more than
&@ passing notice. ‘The letter reads:

NOT JEW STORE.
Woon RAINWATER, NIGHT RAINWATER,
Toss Jew Chicken and Egg Getter.
MORRILTON, Ark., Nov. 23, 1900
The Wolfe Shoe Company, Cohumbus, Ohio:

Dar Str Enclose please Ond check for $1,160,
in payment of Invoice of 19-17

Piease place same to my credit, acknowledge receipt
and oblige, Yours truly, Wood RAINWATER

To THE Epiton

 

 

This Really Happens.

From the Cooea River (Ala.) News.

Rome queer notion possessod our local and nearby
subsembers to Lquidate ther subsenption arrearages
with potatoes inst Saturday and the streets leading to
this shop were busy. All kinds of potatoes, big ones,
bad ones, and indifferent. were forced to make ther
home with us. Some of them were straight, soma
crooked tacornered, octagon, round and lop-cared
but none of them had been rolled. Like siiver-eide
fish some of them began to decompose as quick as they
left the sacks, baskets and wagons, while now and then
a stray yamn would almost jump up and down to fis
rosy and plump estate of health We trust never to
sre *o InSnY Muse roots again. Serious y we beve
& marginal si iateniaticdh of them on arrearages.

 

Labor Dividend.
From the Barlingion (Ky) Bee.

The directors of the St. Hernard Coal Company
at the regular meeting tn October, ordered the pay
mertofa labor divtdend of $A. fv
that company atthe Christinnas pay day. A similar
Civicend of $7,000 was deciared at the April meeting
of the Clrectors, thie mak ng @ tots! lahor dividend
@f $10,000 to the employees for the year

to the emploveers

N"
|

 

 

 

\