*

THE WEATHER

Fair and colder to-da
and continued cgld;

FORECAST.

; to-morrow fair
west winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 40; lowest, 31.
Detailed weather, mail and marine reports on page 15.

VOL. LXXXIV.—NO. 104.

 

++

 

 

NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1916.— copyrigne, 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Assoctation.

In Greater New York,
Jersey City and Newark.

“ONE CENT

} rwo Cente.

‘TEUTONIC POWERS ASK FOR PEACE PARLEY WITH ALLIES;

SURE OF VICTORY; HOPE.TO AVOID NEEDLESS BLOODSHED;

 

GERMAN CHANCELLOR SEEKS AID OF 3 NEUTRA

STOCKS TUMBLE
ON PEACE NEWS

Transactions for Day Total 2,-
358,000 Shares and $5,-
052,000 in Bonds.

 

 

“WAR BRIDES” DROP FAST

 

Selling Wave in Last Hour
Causes Extreme Confusion
—Rails Hold Well.

 

The biggest day In stocks since the
war began followed the news of the
German Chancellor's peace proposals.
So far as Stock Exchange reporters were
able to record the transactions the turn-
over was 2,358,000 shares, and $5,052,-
000 in bonds. Actually the total’ trans-
actions were much greater, for odd lots
were not taken into the reckoning, and
in the busy times of the session trans-
actions were made with such extreme
rapidity tha€ it was a physical impossi-
bility to make records of them.

The Stock Exchange has had many
two million share days since the war
began, but almost without exception
these have been days of buoyant upward
markets, with the war stocks predomi-
nating and all bullish traders making
paper profits excessively, Yesterday's
market told the reverse of that story.
It was altogether the widest break in
stocks in the last two years.

News of the German Chancellor's! pro-
posals was flashed ‘on the tickers about
half an hour after the market opened.
In the first half hour of trading there
had been little excitement, some of the
industrials declining a bity but most of
the speculative shares ruling steady.
Heavy selling by professionals on the
floor was the first sign of what was to
happen. The selling was followed im-
mediately by liquidating orders from the
commission houses, and soon the market
was seething.

 

 

Confasion in Last Hour.

This selling movemen® continued un-
til noon, by which time more than a
million shares had changed hands. It
then occurred to a great many specula-
tors that the German proposals might be
more of a diplomatic mancuvre than a
serious proposition and there was much
covering by short contracts and a cessa-
tion of the affrighted selling of the morn-
ing. In the noon hour the market be-
came steadier and more orderly and re-
coveries were general.

A second wave of selling and one
which swept all. before it, producing ex-
treme confusion, started in the last hour;
on receipt of reports of the nature of
the German peace proposals. It seemed
then to the great majority of speculators |
that the proposals had at least eufficient |
reasoning in them to produce counter
proposals from the Allies. The war
sto. ks broke widely between sales, ey

 

gins were uncovered in all the brokerage
Stocks were thrown over in|
abundance on stop loss orders. Declines
wiich in the morning had seemed great
looked small by comparison. There were
trifling recoveries in many issues at the
close, but no one attributed these to
eovthing more consequential than short
covering, and closing sales in most of
the active shares were ator little above
ow prices of the day.

Vhe railroad shares held up well, al-
though, of course, the necessity of un-
losding stocks for the protection of mar-
gins in other stocks affected them.

Decline Shown in Table.

Just what happened to a score of in-
dustrial stocks active in the speculation
of the last two years is shown by the
following table giving the high price
fince the war, the low price yesterday,
Monday's closing, the gross decline from
the high price and the decline yesterday :

Net

houses

  
 

   
   
 
 
 
  
 
    
  
   

 

Yes- Grose Loss
High. ter. Mon- Loss Yee-
Since day's day's from ter-
War. Low. Clos. High, day
AlleChalmers .... 4989 20% 32ta 14% 1
AM Reet o.cccccece DOBlg OS%q 104 Wig 6%
Am Can , 6, 59% «1% 4
Car & Fdry 71% 7 26tq Sty
Am Loco .... Rilg Wy 14 "
Smelt & Ref. 113 Wit 6%
Baldwin Loco . 7s 4b, 5%
ANACONdA .oceceeeee uo 18% 7
Bethlehem .....e++ 626 1M 7
Cent Leather 110% «21% 9%
Crucible sosscereees 83 31% «8
Cuba Cane Sugar.. 61% 21 OMe
Kennecott & “ 4%
Marine 41% im 46
Marine pf ......006% 5% 8% OM
NY Air Brake.... 165% 30%) 9%
Steel Springs ..... bi OAM OC
Republic Steel ..... 85% 18% 6
In Alcohol 126 47% 13
" S Steel... 128% «13 6%
Vrah Copper 100% 13 7%
West Elee 59% 18% Ble
US Rubber. O8% «5%
Net Gains Since 1014,

A table showing some twenty stocks at
their low prices on the day the exchange |
‘losed in 1914 and their closing prices of |
yesterday, with net gains, follows:

Net

Low day Yester- gain
Exchange day's since
closed, 1914. closing,

 
  

 
  

 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  

Allie Chalmerq ....sceccees 8 20% 23%
American Beet.... - 19 Aste 79% |
AMeriCAN CON. .ccccsecereees 19 M4 36% |
Am Car & Foundry,... Tg 27% |
American Locomotive...... 20% 85 5M
An. Smelting & Refining. %% = 108 5814 |
Baldwin Locomotive...:.... 41 7% 32%
ANACONAB vrcrseseeoere 2 87'4 6244
"ethlehem Steel... 30 6 569
Contral Leather. 6 10114 5%
Crucible sessesecee ° 754 e
‘uba Cane Sugar. ° 8 ®
KONNCCOLE ceceseereere ° bi .
Marine 1% 39% o7%
Marine y 6% lly 101%
New York Air Brake ° 1 °
Steel Springs... 19% 58% 23% |
Republic Steel.. 18% Sle 67%
In Alcohol... s 123 ®
bh eh we HM ge:
tal) Copper. 7% |
Wes inghonae “ 56% i |
Us. Rubber....... 3 6% Wh

 

“4
"Not listed on Stock Buchange.
\Var stocks in the outside market were
ard by the peace proposal. Submea-
Hoat sold down to 85 and plidvale
‘ closed at 64, Magma ‘Copper,
ih recently expertenced a sharp rise,

“1 off about 4 points. ve a

‘ ere was no indication peace in

ys fopetgn which

voually reflects of kind Gret.
Be ht iia A

BERLIN MADE OFFER TO

BELGIUM WITH THREAT

 

Restoration of Country Prom-
ised Only if End of War Is
Urged at Onee.

 

Lonpvon, Dec. 13 (Wednesday ).—The
Daily Telegraph to-day prints promi-
nently the following:

“We have received information from
an unimpeachable source that the Cen-
tral Powers recently offered peace to
Belgium on the following terms: ‘The
Belgians are invited to insiag upon im-
mediate peace. In return for this their

country will be restored to them, its in-
dependence guaranteed and financial as-
sistance given for its economic rehabili-
tation.’

“In the event of these terms being re-
fused the intimation has been given to
Belgium that her very existence—her
monuments, her public buildings and
even her towns—is threatened.”

BERLIN ASKS HELP
FROM THE VATICAN

Pope Told Germany Realizes
Europe's Sad Future if
War Continues.

 

 

 

BERLIN, Dec. 12,—The note presented
by Dr. von Muhlberg, German Minister
to the Vatican, to Cardinal Gasparri,
Papal Secretary of State, follows:

“According to instructions received [
have the honor to send to your Emi-
nence a copy of the declaration which
the Imperial Government to-day, by the
good offices of the Powers entrusted with
the protection of German interests in
the countries with which the German
Empire is in a state of war, transmits
to these States, and in which the Im-
perlal Government declares itself ready
to enter into peace negotiations, The
Austro-Hungarian, Turkish and Bul-
garian governments also have sent simi-
lar notes.”

“The reasons which prompted Ger-
many and her allies to take this step
are manifest. For two years and a
half a terrible war has been devastating

the Suropean continent. Unlimited
treasures of civilization have been de-
stroyed, Extensive areas have been

soaked avity. blood. Millions of brave
soldiers have fallen in battle and mill-
ions have returned home as invalids.
Grief and sorrow fill almost every house.

“Not only upon the belligerent nations
but also upon neutrals the destructive
consequences of the gigantic struggle
weigh heavily. Trade and com-nerce,
carefully built up in years of peace, have
been depressed. The best forces of the
nations have been withdrawn from the
production of useful objects. Europe,
which formerly was devoted to the prop-
agation of religion and civilization,
which was trying to solve solutions for
social problems and was the home of
science and art and all peaceful labor,
now resembles an immense war camp
in which the achievements and works
of many decades are doomed to annihi-
lation,

“Germany is carrying on Aa war of
defence against her enemies, which aim
at her destruction. She fights t> as-
sure the integrity of her frontiers and
the liberty of the German nation, for
the right which she claims to develop
freely her intellectual and economic en-
ergies in peaceful competition and on
an equal footing with other nations, All
the efforts of their enemies are unable
to shatter ,the heroic armies of the
Teutonic alfies, which protect the fron-
tiers of their countries, strengthened by
the certainty that the enemy shall never
pierce the iron wall.

“Those fighting on the front know that
they are supported by the whole nation,
which is inspired by love for its country
and is ready for the greatest sacrifices
and determined to defend to the last ex-
tremity the inherited treasure of intel-
lectual and economic work and the so-
cial organization and sacred soil of the
country, ;

“Certain of our own strength, but
realizing Kurope’s gad future if the war
continues; seized with pity in the face
of the unspeakable misery of humanity,
the German Empire, in accord with her
allies, solemnly repeats what the Chan-
cellor already has declared @ year ago,
that Germany is ready to give peace to
the world by setting before the whole
world the question whether or no it is
possible to find a basis for an under-
standing.

“Since the first day of the pontifical
reign his Holiness the Pope has un-
swervingly demonstrated, in the most
generous fashion, his solicitude for the
innumerable victims of this war, He
has alleviated the sufferings and ameli-
orated the fate of thousands of men in-
jured by this catastrophe, Inspired by
the exalted ideas of his ministry, his
Holiness has seized every opportunity in
the interest of humanity to end so san-
guinary a war.

“The Imperial Government is firmly
confident that the initiative of the four
Powers will find friendly welcome on the
part of his Holiness and that the wory
of peace can count upon the precious
support of the Holy See.”

os

KILLS 2 CHILDREN AND SELF,

Secretary of Naval Training Ship
Uses Magasine Pistol,

Gustave Blum, 35, secretary of the
United States naval training ship
Granite State, early this morning shot
and killed his two children, John, aged
10, and Elsie, aged 4 years, at hie home
at 939 Morris avenue, Dunton, Richmond
Hill, L.

Blum committed the act in the bed-
room of his home, using a magasine
pistol, He then Curned the weapon upon
himself, and committed suicide, All
three were dead when Dr. Barber ar-
rived with an ambulance from St. Mary's

pout.
; | an

 

 

 

edit Tear

i

 

WILSON AWAITS
PROPOSAL TEXT

 

Unofficial View Is That It Pro-
vides Opening Wedge Yor
Peace Talk.

 

—

DANGER OF REJECTION

 

Possibility, However, That
| Terms of the Entente May
Be Revealed.

 

WaAsHINGTON, Dec. 12.—Out of the
gloom caused by the’ continuance of the
devastating war in Europe, has come the
| first real ray of hope in the peace pro-
| posals made today in the Reichstag by
{Chancellor von Bethmann-Hollweg, and
| communicated through neutral Govern-

ments to the enemies of the Central
| Powers. :

Regardless of whether or not Ger-
| many's proposal is acceptable—and no-
body believes it will be in its present

| form—the feeling in official circles in
| Washington is one of hope that this may
| be the entering wedge for a discussion ;
of peace. Once the discussion is initiated
it is the opinion that it will sooner or
later lead to a termination of hostilities.
At any rate, this is the first eens |
move by aagy of the belligerents in the

direction of peace and marks the be-
ginning of a new chapter in the his-
tory of the conflict.

Proposal Not Yet Received.

Germany's proposal had not been re¢
ceived here up to a late hour to-night.
It was handed to Joseph C. Grew, the

American Charge d'Affaires in Berlin,
; to be sent here for transmittal to Great
Britain, France, Russia, Belgium and
Rumania, whose interests the United
States Government represents. Al-
though official word is still lacking ow-
ing to the slowness of the cable, it is
understood that identic notes are be-
ing sent by the other Governments of
the Central Powers to thelr enemies,

It Is the understanding that this Gov-
ernment has been asked merely to for-
ward Germany's proposal or, in other
words, as Secretary Lansing describes
‘it, “to act as a messenger" in the matter,
| Word from Mr. irew was anxiously
| awaited at the State Department to-

night and instructions had been left to

inform Secretary Lansing at once so that
{he could communicate with the White
| House. If the message is received dur-
| ing the night it will be laid before the
| President the first thing in the morning,
| ‘The question that {s agitating «flicial
| circles to-night is whether this Govern-
iment should take advantage of Ger-
many's peace proposal to offer in a sepa-
rate communication § its good offices as
a mediator or to suggest that discussion |
of peace would be desirable and express
its earnest hope that {it could be brought
about, with Germany's offer forming a
basis of negotiations, !

1

Solely for the President.

All eyes to-night are turned toward |
the White House. It is realized that
this is a matter for the President solely |
to deal with. Not until he knows the!
exact nature of the communication can |
he decide upon the course to follow in’
whkt is generally recognized as an ex- |
tremely delicate situation. The only|
statement forthcoming to-night from the |
White House was that the President was
giving the most serious consideration to |
the method to be pursued. }

Germany's move to end the war was,
discussed at this afternoon's Cabinet |
meeting, but only in an informal way, |
as up to that time only the most frag: |
mentary press despatches had been re-
ceived. The President remained at Sis
office until 6 o'clock. At the Cabinet
dinner to-night. he had an opportunity
to talk further with the members of his}
official family and also with Col, E, M
House, who came from New York this
afternoon for the dinner and is a White
House guest. Col. House's visit at this
time is thought to be particularly oppor-
tune, inasmuch as his advice has been
continually sought by the President, and,
furthermore, he has visited Great Britain
and Germany during the war and is in-
timately acquainted with the leading
statesmen of both countries, |

|
|

 

Desire to Be Peacemaker.

Tt has long been known that the Pres-
ident above all other things has de-
sired to act as a peacemaker. But he
has taken the position all along that
until a proper opportunity arrives his
hands are tied. It is recognized at the
White House that there is an Intense
feeling on this subject in this country.
The President has been urged by many
leading citizens In the last few months
to make some move toward peace, but
having made an offer of mediation at the
beginning’ of the war, he has felt that)
in the absence of any request for him |
to act in this role from any of the bel-
ligerents it would be unwise for him
to take such action,

The disposition of the leaders in Con-
gress in both houses is to leave the
President absolutely untrammelled in
this situation. Any action in Congress
designed to move his hand will be dis- ;
couraged,

 

 

Cengress Appears Divided,

As to the wisdom and propriety of
any action by this Government beyond
that of merely forwarding the German
proposal, the opinion of members of
Congress is divided, The preponderance
of sentiment, if anything, appears to be
againat it.
members of the Foreign Relations Com-

BASIC ‘FEATURES OF

PROPOSAL

BY GERMANY

 

| All Territory Conquered on Either Side to Be Given

Up Except Serbia, Poland and Lithuania—
Last Two as Independent Kingdoms.

 

WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.—Though no definite word has reached the

German Embassy here with respect

offers, it is‘understood on high authority close to the embassy that they

are to be regarded as incorporating:

Evacuation by Germany of all territory captured in north-

nd Lithuania as independent

1. Complete restoration of Belgium.
2.
ern France.
3. Establishment of Poland a
kingdoms.
4.

neighborhood of the Adriatic
5.
6.
7.

Restoration to Austria of territory captured by Italy in the

Restoration to Germany of all her colonial possessions.
Retention of Constantinople by Turkey.
Retention of Serbia by Austria-Hungary and the restoration

to Bulgaria of all territory lost by that country in the second

e Balkan war.

(Though these terms are not regarded in German circles as an irre-

ducible minimum, they are viewed
cussion.)

 

ARMIES GIVEN
TO GEN, NIVELLE

 

Verdun Defender Gets Forees|
of the North and North- |
east.

 

|
|
Paris, Dec, 13.—Gen, Nivelle, com-
mander of the French troops at Verdun,
has been appointed commander in chief
of the armies of the florth and north-
east. The ofiwial announcement of this
appointment says it is the first step
toward the reorganiuztion of the higher

command.
|

Sketch of Nivelle.

Gen. Robert Georges Nivelle, who suc-
ceeded Gen, Petain as the defender of |
Verdun, was born of a French father and |
an English mother. He ie about 60 years
old, having been reared in the Depart-
ment of Correze, Tulle, where hie mother |
died in the early 806, j

When the war begain he wae a colonel |
in command of the Fifth Regiment of
Artillery and was about to be retired, |
But in the days when Paris was threat- |
ened ht displayel remarkable genius and
in the battle of the Marne he did splen- |

did work, He was promoted to be gen- |
eral of brigade on October 24, 1914, and |

a few weeks afterward was placed in
command of the Sixty-firet Infantry Di-
vision. On December 23, 1915, he re-
ceived his three stars and was made
commander of the Third Army Corps
During those months he was frequently
under the eye of Joffre, who almost in-

(stantly selected him as a promising sol-
‘dier and placed great reliance upon him.

Joffre always speaks of him as a “‘dis-
covery.”

Nivelle has the reputation of being a |
strict disciplinarian, a great strategist |
and the greatest gunner in the French |
army. He is awemarkably open minded
man, alert for new suggestions and new
inventions that he may turn to advan-
tage. His associates say of him that he
is such a skilled gunner that nobody
needs a range finder when the Genera! is
around,

A Magnetic Leader.

Gen. Nivelle won Joffre’s admiration
because he is such a magnetic leader,
Despite his strictness he always has
commanded the enthusiasm of his sol-
diers. He is is said to resemble the
portraits of Cardinal Richelieu. He is |
quick in action and gives the impres- |
sion of having great physical strength |
and mental energy.

The General, proud of the nationality |
of his mother, speaks English fluently |
and professes a ‘keen admiration for,
England. He is fond of old time English |

war verse, like “The Battle of the Baltic,”

“The Burial of Sir John Moore” and!
“Hohenlinden,” He translated = into
French “The Burial of Sir John Moore.” |
Speaking of his relationship to the)
English he wrote recently: “Since the
beginning of the war I have followed
with the greatest interest and admira- |
tion the British navy's methodical as-
sertion of the command of the sea. I
only hope that some day the German
fleet will come out and give it the op-
portunity it so anxiously awaits,"

A visitor to Gen, Nivelle’s division
wrote recently ;

“Gen, Nivelle, with his gray mustache
and his small imperial, is a magnificent
type of the French soldier whose energy
and gndurance checked the rush of the
Gerntan invasion across Europe, He is
never so happy as when in the first
trenches and under fire, and his deter- |
mination to see for himself everything
that happens often leads him into posi-
tions of considerable risk, His men would
follow him anywhere,”

“WANTS CARTE BLANCHE”

Amaterdam Says German Offer Has |
Sinister Parpose Rack of It,
Special Cable Despateh to Tue Sun from the
London Times.

AmsrTwrDaAM, Dec, 12.-——-The Telegraaf,
commenting on the German peace offer,

 

The general disposition of | says:

“It is meant partly to convince the

mittees of both houses was to look upon | armies and peoples of the Central Pow- |
the peace proposal, as reported in press |ers that peace is impossible because the |
despatches, as probably fruitless. Some] Entente rejects all the proposals and ,
Senators were of the opinion that any | therefore the supreme command must be
move by the President at this time would | given carte blanche in the prosecution of |

be 111 advised, Others, however,

be-jall further requisite measures.

Partly |

lleved that the President would be justi- iit is intended to persuade neutrala to
fled and pointed to the action taken by | grant Germany carte blanche in all the |
President Roosevelt and the resulta. that | frightfulness necessary to produce peace,

flowed from it.

which is possible only with further Ger-

The diplomatic representatives of the| man victories.”

Entente Allies are aceptical and expect
Continued on Sccond Puge.

 

Rabat tes niles salt a i tes oie

 

 

 

      

 

 

Dr. Rrueh’s Kumyee—Bvery drink adds
pew strength and courage.—Advertisoement,

as embodying a fair basis for dis-

.

to the peace terms which _

GERMAN ENVO
OUTLINES MOVE

Bernstorff Believes Entente
Will Now Reveal What It
Is Fighting For.

 

 

WasutIncton, Dec, 12.—Count von
Bernstorff received word from the Ber-|
lin Foreign Office early to-day regarding
the peace proposals. Afterward he au-
thorized this statement:

“lam gratified by tte steps taker-ty
my Government and I think that even
if they should not result in peace they
at least are proof that Germany, even!
in the height of a victorious campaign,
has no desire to prolong numan woe and!
suffering.

“Germany wants peace and does not
want conquest I cannot say anything |
about terms for the reason that 1 do
not know what they may be.” |

‘The Ambassador is understood to re-
gard the possibility of a discussion of
peace by the belligerents as the all im-
portant point involved in the proposal, |
He gloes not believe that the Entente |
Alli will refuse even to “talk about |
peace terms,” and is understood te be- |
lieve that an opening wedge ‘may be}
fortheoming which ultimately will lead}
to an armistice and an understanding.

Tt ts not believed that the Ambassador
expects Great Britain or her allies to
agree to Germany's proposal at once, or
to consider an immediate cessation of |
hostilities. The most he hopes for is that,

 

they will be willing to discuss the matter, nation and the empire,

He believes that public opinion, not only |

of the Entente, will sanction giving con-
sideration to peace discusison,

Should the Entente decline to consider
Germany's proposal the Ambassador be: |

inform the world what they are fighting |
for. Hie position is that Germany has |

;now made it clear that conquest {8 not) said;
the object of prolongation of the war S80) yvre designed to impress the world as a!

far as Germany is concerned, and that}
admit that they are fighting to “crush
Germany"
fighting.

And if the Entente goes on record as
continuing the war to crush “Prussian
militarism'’—which to the Ambassador
means the German nation-—he belleves
that neutral nations as well as belliger-
ents should fully understand it.

or consider the offer to stop |

{

WHEAT PRICES BREAK. |

 

\
Peace News Causes Wild Excite-|
ment in Chicago Pit,

Cnieaco, Dee, 12,— Wheat values:
plunged wildly downward twice to-day - =f
first, on account of Germany's reported
overtures for peace, and secondly, owing
to traders’ assumption of a likelitiood
that the character of the terms reported |
to have been offered for discussion would |
bring about an acceptance, Extreme
breaks in prices reached 11'4c, a bushel
and were accompanied by transactions
amounting to millions of bushels,

Closing quotations of the day were at!
nearly the bottom level touched, with |
the market as a whole 4% to 10% under
yesterday's finish and with May at 1654, |
to 165% and July at 142% to 143, Ex-
citement in the pit reached the acme in
the last half hour, when attention was|
concentrated on Washingon adviees sata ,
to emanate from the German KMmbaesy
and giving an outline of the offer that |
Berlin was presumed to have submitted |
for transmittal through Washington to!
the opponents of Germany, It was not |
until hours later that the fact was)
known in Chicago that definite terms of,
peace had not been detailed in Chan-)
vellor von Bethmann-Hol)weg's speech |
to the German Reichstag, |

Corn and oate felt the effects of the|
peace news to a much less extent than
wheat,

1,000 KILLED IN HAMBURG RIOT

——)

London “Daily Express’ Hears ot)
Outbreak Quelled by ‘Troops.

Lonpon, Dec, 13° (Wednesday ),.—The}
Express claims to have reliable infor-
mation that the most serious riots took
place in Hamburg on December 7, 8
and 9 It says that it ie estimated
that more than 20,000 peaple partict-|
pated in the rioting and that a thou-
sand were wounded or killed,

*Acoording to thia story the local sol-
diery was unable to quel) the disturb-
ance and it was nece y to send
troops to Hambure on wlal trains
from Berlin, There is no confirmation of
this atory from any other source,

Xo

 

 

| Lords who is identified prominently with
the

| future peace,

L NATIONS

 

PEAGE REMOTE, Special Note Sent to Pope Benedict

LONDON VIEW

Germany's Move Regarded as a
Dramatic Stroke Lack-
ing Sincerity.

 

 

OFFICIALS ARE RETICENT

 

Press and Public Are Inclined |
to Be Sceptical of the
Situation.

 

Lonpon, Dec. 13 (Wednesday).—A |
strong current of public sentiment op-|
posed to the German peace proposal was |
evident in the first expressions available |
last night both from public men and the |
British press, although these were with- |
out knowledge of any definite terms and |

Embodies Text of Overtures
Through American, Spanish,
and Swiss Ambassadors in
Berlin---Sees War Folly

SPEECH IN THE REICHSTAG
DEVOID OF HATE FOR FOES

 

 

'

“Our Aims Are Not to Shatter-or to Annihilate
Our Adversaries,” Says Kaiser’s Spokesman
---Bulgaria,Austria-Hungary and Turkey
Make: Similar Proposals to Entente

 

BERLIN, Dec. 12.—Chancellor von Bethmann-Hollweg
announced to the Reichstag that Germany and her allies

without any word from high authorita- | to-day proposed to enter forthwith into peace negotiations.

tive sources indicating the attitude of the
Government. |

Those in close association with
new Government took the view that the!
proposals would prove entirely unaccept- |
able, mainly becauge they were not likely |
to touch what the ruling authorities re-
gard as the most essential basis of any
peace, namely, such guarantees against
German militarism as will permit Eng-
land, France and their allies to demobil-

ize their vast armies, reduce their enor-
mous military expenses and return to
lasting conditions of peace.

The only information in the press re-
ports was from Berlin and in the ab-
sence of some tangible official proposi-
tion British officiala were disposed to
maintain reserve. It was noticeable that
the proposal had not created any gro-
found impression. among the average
Londoners. There was little talk in the
hotels or other public places, and this
discussion was far less animated than in
the recent ministerial crisis.

—— Gevernment Circles Aloof.

Government circles also held aloof
from any discuasion, with an evident de-
sire to learn more of the setails before
committing the new Administration to a
definite course of action. The Foreign
Office would make no comment in the |
absence of the terms, but indicated that
the British attitude up to the present |
was embodied in the declarations made
from time to time by the former Premier
and Viscount Grey and that any new
proposals would have to be considered
by all the Entente Allies before a definite
attitude was possible

Some early expressions, indicating the
general drift of sentiment, were as fol- |
lows:

Sir Arthur Conan Doyle: “We want to
know more about the terms, for, without
them, the Imperial Chancellor's sugges-
tion of peace is preposterous and ridicu-
lous. We, too, are conscious of victory,
and his boastings will be laughed at.”

The Marquis of Londonderry: “We |
have got to win the war. Peace at the
present time would be disastrous to the
Tt is only a ques- |
tion of time, and we will win out abso- |

{in neutral countries but in the countries | lutely.” |

Would Demobilize Armicsa, |

Principal Burrows of King's College : |
“No peace is possible on the basis that

| Heves they will be at least duty bound to) Germany is victorious.”

Sir Gilbert Parker after mingling with |
his associates in the House of Commons |
“This ts clearly a political maneu- |

Iramatic etroke but having little serious |

; Great Britain and her allies must either | purpose toward securing an enduring |

peace. One of the chief essentials of |
any peace would be such a curbing of |
German militarism that a resumption of
the present conflict would be impossible. |
Without such a guarantee England and |
France would be compelled as a matter |
of self-defence to retain vast armies and
thus continue the enormous war burdens |
of the present instead of being per-
mitted to resume peace with the assur- |
ance that they will not again be plunged
into war." |

One of the members of the House of}
league to enforce future peace, to}
which President Wilson and Viscount}
Grey have given approval, said:

"The question of present peace is an
entirely different question from securing
an arrangement for the maintenance of |
Germany has chosen an!
unfortunate moment for proposing pres-
ent peace, She probably thinks that her}
successes in Rumania make the present !
moment auspicious; but, on the contrary,
British public opinion is just now deeply
aroused by the German atrocities in the!
deportation of Belgians and French
under cireumstahees of incredible
eruelty, There will be no prospect of}
peace while German Zeppelins make |
raids over London, killing women and}
children in an unfortified city, and while |
deportation of the defenceless peasantry |
of small countries is kept up. The stop-|
ping of such conditions will do more to
have a peace proposal favorably received
than any boust of victory in Rumania,”

No Reply, Says “Datly Matt.’

Lord Northcliffe’s Daily Mail scorns}
the German peace proposals,
“The nation has wound up the ola|
gang in the very nick of time,” it says,
“It must have been a source of no little
annoyance to Von Bethmann-Hollweg-
when he once more produced in the
Reichstag the impudent old peace trick,
which by this time is becoming as hack- |
neyed as conjuring rabbits out of a ‘hat—
that the Haldane camarilla were no
longer in office in Great Britain to argue
seriously with him and be fooled into
inactivity by his meaningless speech,
“Bethmann-Hollweg is no more en-
titled to the courtesy of a reply than if
he were an armed burglar in a private
house. His offer would never have been
made if he were in his heart half as con-
fident of victory as he professed to be,
“The Allies know thal no peace with
a nation of tigers and murderers ana
statesmen Who regard all treaties as
scraps of paper would be worth the
paper and ink, So long as Gerinany has

 

a

(Continued ‘on Second Page.)

|; overcome,

| neutral power addressed ino each instance)

 

 

The propositions which they will bring forward are, ac-

tne|cording to the Chancellor, appropriate for the establishment

of a lasting peace.

The Austrian, Turkish and Bulgarian Governments are making sim-
ilar proposals. These proposals have been transmitted also to the Vatican.

The following announcement was given out to-day by the semi-
official Overseas News Agency:

“The Chancellor this morning received one after another the repre-
sentatives of the United States of America and Spain and Switzerland,
that is, of the States protecting German interests in hostile foreign coun-
tries. The Chancellor transmitted to them a note and asked them to bring
it to the knowledge of the hostile Governments, The note will be read
to-day in the Reichstag by the Chancellor.

“In the note the four allied (Central) Powers propose to enter forth-
with on peace negotiations. The propositions which they bring for such
negotiations are, according to their firm belief, appropriate for the
establishment of a lasting peace.

“The governments at Vienna, Constantinople and Sofia transmitted

identical notes and also communicated with the Holy See and all other
neutral powers.”

Text of Peace Note to Entente Powers.

Following is the text of the note addressed by Germany and her
éllies to the hostile governments:

“In the midst of the most terrific war ever experienced in history,
which has been raging for the last two years and a half over a large part
of the world—a catastrophe which thousands of years of common civili-
vation was unable to prevent and which injures the most precious achieve-
ments of humanity, our aims are not to shatter or annihilate our ad-
versaries. In spite of our consciousness of our military and economic
strength and our readiness to continue the war (which has been forced
upon us) until the bitter end if necessary; at the same time prompted
by the desire to avoid further bloodshed and make an end to the atrocities
of war, the four allied Powers propose to enter forthwith into peace
negotiations.

“The propositions which they bring forward for such negotiations
and which have for their object a guarantee of the existence of the honor
and liberty of evolution for their nations are, according to their firm
belief, an appropriate basis for the establishment of a lasting peace.

Defending Justice and Liberty.

“The four allied powers have been obliged to take up arms to defeng
justice and the liberty of national evolution. The glorious deeds of our
arminies have in no way altered their purpose. We have always wmain-
tained the firm belief that our own rights and justified claims in no way
control the rights of these nations,

“The spiritual and material progress which were the pride of Europe
at the beginning of the twentieth century are threatened with ruin, Ger-
many and her allies, Austro-Hungary, Bulgaria and Turkey, gave proof of
their unconquerable® strength in this struggle. They gained gigantic ad-
vantages over adversaries superior in number and war material. Our lines
stand unshaken against ever repeated attempts made by armies,

“The last attack in the Balkans has been rapidly and
The most recent events have demonstrated that further eon-
tinuance of the war will not result in breaking the resistance of our
forces, and the whole situation with regard to our troops justities our

vietoriously

expectation of further successes,

“If in spite of this offer of peace and reconcillation the struggle
should go on, the four allied powers are resolved to continue to a vie-
torious end, but they disclaim responsibility for this before humanity
and history, The Imperial Government, through the good offices of Your
Excellency, ask the government of (here is inserted the of the
to bring this communication

to the knowledge of the government of (here are inserted the names of
the belligerents),”’

hame

Chancellor in Side Remarks.

Chancellor von Bethmann-Hollweg | never seen before Giod will be the
| in his speech to the Reichstag said that | Judge. We ean proceed upon our way
Germany, together with her allies, Phe Chancellor outlined the extraordi-

nary political sliuation and then, ineist-

“conscious of their responsibility be-
ing upon the achieverments of the Cen-

fore God; before their own nations, be.

’ 7 tral Powers, s¢
fore humanity,” had proposed this | “The R Hae
morning to the 1} le Power, ne Reichstag had not been adjourned
g to the hostile Powers to enter] for a long period, but fortunately w
ace > or £ sy a _ ey i? a
on Peace negotiations, left to the discretion of the president as
The Chancellor then read the text of | to the day of the next meeting. This de-
the note to the neutral countries and} cision was caused by the hope that soon
eonunune . R ; happy events in the tield would be re-
fentlemen, in August, 1914, our} corded, a hope fulfilled quicker almost
enemies challenged the superiority of} than expected. 1 shall be brief, for a
power in the world war, To-day we) tions speak for themselves.” s raf
raise the question of, peace, which is a , :
question of humanity, We await the . .
answer of our enemies with that serene- Bamania’s Failure in Knot,

ness of mind which is gtaranteed to us
by our exterior and inererior strength
and by our clear conscience, If our}
enemies decline to end the war, if they
wish to take upon themselves” the)
world's heavy burden of all these terrors
which hereafter will follow, then even
in the least and smallest homes every
German heart will burn In sacred wrath
against our enemies who are unwilling
to stop human slaughter in order that
their plans of conquest and annihilation
may continue,

The Chancellor said Rumania had en-
tered the war in orler to roll up the Ger.
man positions in the east and those of
Germany's allies. At the same time tie
grand offensive on the Somme had ap its
object to pierce the German western
front and the renewed Italian attacks
were intended to paralyze Austria-Han-
gary.

“The situation was serious,” the Chan-
cellor continued, “But with God's help
Our troops shaped conditions so as to
give us security which not only is eom-
plete but still more so than ever before,
The western front stands. Not only
does it stand, but in spite of the Ru-
manian campaign it is fitted out with
larger reserves of men and = material
than it had been formerly

“God Will Be the Judge."

“In the fateful hour we took a fateful
decision. It has been saturated with the
blood of hundreds of thousands of our
sons and brothers who gave their lives
for the safety of their home. JTuman
wits and human understanding are un-
able to reach to the extreme and last
questions in this struggle of nations,
which has unveiled all the terrors of

earthly life, but also the grandeur of] Carao the drum fire resounded while the
buman courage and human will ia ways’ Rusetans launched troops againat the
t v

Precautions Against Onruash,

"The most effective precautions have
been taken against all Italian diversions,
And while on the Somme and on tho

one ae I Nat le ie wea an et ta ate

woe sasee sees

}

 

    
  

PRESS

.

1
}
}
7
!
t

4
4]
}
eI
i
i

i
«|

Sree ee ee
a are eee wn