v

— The

     
 

   

WEATHER FORECAST.
Cloudy and not so cold to-day; fair and

to-morrow; south winds.
ature yesterday, 24;
weather reports on last

”

Highest tem
Detail

  

lowest, 13.
page.

 

Sun | YT SHINES FOR ALL
ye . ;

 

 

VOL. LXXXV.—NO. 119. - NEW YORK, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1917.—copyrione, 1917, dy the aun Printing and Publishing Association.

KAISER HASNEW| BONAR LAW WARNS (CHINESE DEFEAT\CONGRESSSURE |U. S. TAKES ROADS TO-DAY;
PLAN; RUSSIA TO; OF CONSCRIPTION OF _ BOISHEVIKI AND| 10 BACK WILSON) 7O BE RUN AS ONE SYSTEM;
] BEPEACEPAWN, W2ALTH AFTER WAR TAKE GARRISON’ INRAILPLANS © HELP FOR WEAKER LINES

|

|
iti cello xchequer Taci ugges-| | —— em &
J ton of Succive Leveson Capt of F000e" McABOO ASKS AID OF PUBLIC |

+++

 

 

ONE CENT t creator xew rere fp thorhere,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Idea of Separate Pact Aban-

tion of Successive Levies on Capital of $5,000,- Maximalist Troops Are En-| Radicals Will Complain, | MeAdoo Will Operate Vast

  

   
  
 
 

doned; Will Try to
Coerce Allies.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sty.
Copyright, 1917, all righte reserved.
Lonpon, Dec. 27.—Andrew Bonar

Law, Chancellor of the Exchequer, in a

recent staterment to a labor delegation

which demanded the conscription of

| declared against such a pro-
gramme during the war, but practically

Pledged that it would be adopted after

| Peace was won. This. declaration gives
|

!

ASTOUNDS BOLSHEVIKI

 

Big Rift in Parley After
Czernin States Teuton
Terms in Detail.

| the force of semt-official inspiration to

7. ( stamp | & remarkable artici lis
WILL USE MAILED FIST | wiley se@npaner euuinine a ran foe

| oo conscription of wealth after the
war,

The writer assumes a debt at the close
of the war of $25,000,000,000, of which
$5,000,000,000 would bo cancelled by the

_ conscription of wealth, Saving the in-
| terest on that amount. This interest
j thereafter would be applied regularly
; tO retiring more of the debt,

London Times.

he | After a few years of this procedure
¢ Bena $5,000,000,000 levy on capital
wou
. Copyrigas, 18, alt rlehte née ‘0 retire another $5,000,000,000 of
PETROGRAD, Dec. 27.—A rumor is cur-
rent here to-night that pending the

the debt, thus doubling the amount of
interest saved, which would continuesto
be era? the reduction of the re-
malin t,

resumption of formal peace negotia- rand a Wen eee mee

tions at Brest-Litovsk the German and

Austrian delegates there have pro-

nosed that Russia undertake to medi-

be refunded at a much lower interest
rate, and its entire extinction could be
ate between the Central Powers and
the Allies with a view to the conclu-

accomplished !n a remarkably short time.
sion of a general peace. The Central |

It was suspected when the article
NO REPUDIATION. .
Powers, it is said, see no advantage | P

was published that it was inspired;
Bonar Law now substantially accepts

it as the Government's policy.
in a separate peace with Russia. {Bonar Law Promises Britain Will |
It is proposed that should Russia fail | Pay War Debts.

i this attempt the Central Powers | .

LONDON, o 16 Fp —G {
would proceed to the occupation mith ail Hee heibins ee eet

: , | Britain will not repudiate her war debts,
strategic points in Russian territory, | declares A. Bonar Law, the Chancellor |

thus bringing pressure to bear on the SS
Allies in furtherance of Russia's rep- |
resentations,

|
These unexpected proposals have | T
caused consternation at the Smolny In- |
stitute, the Bolshevik headquarters.

UTONS IGNORE
CZERNIN OFFERS TERMS. BASIC DEMANDS

First Detailed Statement Made iu,
Reply to Bolsheviki. ' Peace

Prrroorap, Dec. 26 (delayed).—The |
Central Powers are ready to make an!
immediate general peace without com- |
pulsory a@hexations and without con-
wibupions, me +A 4 |

This Is their answer through Count | NOT A RIPPLE IN CAPITAL!
Czernin, the Austro-Hungarian Foreign |
Minister, made on Christmas day at)
Brest-Litovsk, to the Russian proposals, '
which they are ready to accept In mont |
particulars as the basis of negotiations.

 

Role of Mediator Between Op-
posing Sides Cloak to
Foree War's End.

 

special Cable Despatch to Tur Svx from

 

 

 

 

 

Reply to Russia Is|
Called Vague and Will Not
Be Considered.

 

 

Offer Meant for Home Con- |
sumption and to Eneourage |

They insist, however, that the Central Pacifists Abroad. i
Powers cannot bind themselves one- iibsenas chiens
sidedly to such conditions without a !

Special Despatch to Tar
Wstinaton, Dec. 27.--President Wile|
son, according to all indications here,
Will not regard the Teutonic peace terms
as outlined by Count Czernin, the aut |
Hungarian Foreign Minister, as forming
a basis for peace. The United States!
| @nd the Entente nations are pledged to!
terms involving restoration, reparation,
and guarantee against repetition, The;
carefully worded effusion of the Central |

a F cieens. fh vat, thatthe Powers at the Brest-Litovsk conference |
indicate most clearly, however, ; es ace 3 {
Iiussian proposals could be realized only | is regarded in official circles here as vil
in the event that all belligerents obli-| no sense meeting these basic demanda, !
sated thempelves to adhere to the terms! The Government here presumably had |

nf such a peace. ‘ aint , advance intimation of what to expect. !
me Ne See rae reraien Seoes News of the so-called German terms did
i not cause a ripple of excitement in!

id not intend forcibly to annex terri- |
tories seized during the war, nor to de- official circles, Secretary of State Lan-|
sing found the terms vague and of the

prive nations of poiitieal independence
' old familiar brand which may mean

lost in the war,
much to Germany and which are cal-}

The question of the subjection of na-
tionalities who have not political in-

, culated to strengthen pacifist propaganda |
in enemy_countries, but which fail to;

uependence to another country cannot be
solved internationally and must be met
by each Government and {ts people in trap Engénte Governments {nto giving!
the manner established by the Constli- thein serious consideration.
tution of that Government, he argued. While it is realized that the opinion
The protection of the right of minorities may be held by some that the United
is an essential part of the right of peo- gtates and the Allies should not abso-
ies to self-definition. lutely ignore the offer, even though it be
we, unsatisfactory, and that it might be g
Would Adjust War Damages. politics ly an international point of
In the event of a mutual renunciation view at least to seek to ascertain from |
of indemnification for war costs and war Germany how generalities might be re-
damages, Count Czernin continued, each duced to more detailed form, the respon-
belligerent would have to bear only the sible officials of the Government are ab-
expense incurred for its subjects made solutely opposed to this,
prisoner and to pay for damages caused There is and has beet? here and abroad,
nits own territory to property of civilian it is true, sor sentiment in favor of |
subjects of an enemy country by viola- encouraging an exchange of views |
the enemy over ultimate peace terms on |

tions of international law. The creation
of a special fund for this purpose, as the ground that this would not necessi- |
7 i bs tate a weakening on the part of the |

Suggested by Russia, could be discussed tate . -
only in the event that the other belliger- United States and the Entente as to ul- |
timate satisfactory terms.

$s withi etl
SOs ZR Hh SIA FORGES BOGDUS HOGS SALRIO This Government, for reasons which |

oe le
f Tho alae of the Russian delega- have been very carefully conaisered, is
tlon ‘expressed gratification at German, against any policy of talking peace or
willingness to make peace without an- | considering peace negotiations in any
uexations and indemnities and with the | form inspired by the enene at ond air
sel(-definition of peoples. He demurred, ent time, and believes it is in accor w
the other Governments of the Entente. |

however, at the German statement on t
elf-defin President Wilson and Secretary Lan-
self-definition as belng incomplete. He aike tate Gis Sinw Link poate dineees |

said the war could not end without the |
al > ights | sions now are bound to assist Germany
reestablishment of the violated rig oa ete the cay ae tamaemetees |

of little and oppressed nationalities, and |
Russia would insiet en that ;

guarantee that the allies of Russia will Sty.
recognize and fulfil these conditions.

The Russian delegates asked for a
ten day recess in the negotiations in
order to put the proposal before Rus-
sia's allies,

Count Czernin deciared that the Cen-
‘val Powers believed that the basic
principles uttéred by the Russian dele-
sates could be the basis of such a peace.
tle said they shared Russian condem-
nation of a continuation of the war for |
the sake of conquest.

It is necessary, the Count added, “to!

 

 

This view is predicated on information |
their lawful rights woul be protected {n| not generally available which hag led |
& general peace treaty. to the conviction in their minds that the |

‘ount Czernin made thts announce-! Central Powers will consider only @ peace |
ment in a statement which he read at|based on Prussian military victory.
the second session of the peace con-| This information has led to the belief’
ference at 10 o'clock Tuesday evening. that all the art and cunning of Teuton !
Nis statement follows: | diplomacy are now to be persistently in-

“The delegation of the allied | yoked to make these terms appear at-
(Teutonic) Powers, acting upon the! tractive to the peoples of their enemies.
‘learly expressed will .of thelr Govern- izing that peace along the lines |
nents and peoples, will conclude as s00n | which the United States and the Entente |
48 possible @ general peace. The deloga- | w13; demand is now out of the question |
tons, in ¢omplete accord with the re-|in advance of a military victory over |
yeatedly expremed viewpoint of their Germany, officials here and in Entente |
Governments, think that tie basic prin. | Countries apparently do not want to}

Ciplee of the R in di can be) atvall.
made the basis @f such a peace. consider peace plans
met . “Same Old Teuton Feace Game.”
t one h official here, the
wnaisie ta this 8 is outlined as

is doing everything in her
keep peace before

 

  
 

 

JOHN

| Secretary of State

| tion

000,000 Each to Retire Debt.

 

of the Exchequer, in an open letter
which he has caused to be published
and im which he denounces r@mors that |
the country would fail to Meet some |
of the Habilities incurred in the war.
In his letter the Chancellor states:

“I am glad to have an opportunity of
dealing with the rumors that are I find
current throughout the country with re-
@ard to the possibility sof the Govern-
ment repudiating its Mabilities. |

“I should like to state, and to state |
as strongly as I can, that In my opinion |
no British Government, present and|
future, will seek to break faith with
those who have placed their financial
resources at the disposal of the ate |
in this crisis of its history. Such a}
policy would not only mean that the
Government of the United Kingdom was |
in the hands of men who were blind |
to all conaiderations of national honor

but would to my mind involve the
overthrow of any Government that!
adopted it.

“The repudiation of State: liabilities |
would in my judgment be as disastrous |
as it would be dishonorable. Nothing |
after the war will be more important |
than to preserve and buttress the fabric
of the national credit, and nothing
would so easily undermine it as the re-
fusal of the Government to honor its
debts. It would indeed be impossible |
for a Government which had destroyed
its credit by repudiating its‘ Mabilities
ever to borrow again should circum-

stances arise in which it was necessary | PFOBress of hostilities between the Bol-|

to do so. In short, repudiation spells |
national dishonor and national disaster.

“I will only add this: Whatever be |
the financial policy of the British Gov- |
ernment after the war, I am certain of

|; this, that any discrimination there may | ious

be will not be in favor of those who!
have withheld their money from the |
State at a time when its needs were |
greatest,” |

E. ANDRUS
GIVES MILLIONS

Rich Yonkers Man Charters

Foundation Like John D. |
Rockefeller's, \

|

$2,000,000 FOR ORPHANS |

 

 

 

Fortune of Former Congress:
man Estimated at %40,000,-
000 to 875,000,000.

|

 

John Emory Andrus, former Mayor
of Yonkers and member of the House of
tepresentatives for the Fifty-ninth to
the Sixty-second Congress, obtained
yesterday the approval of Justice Arthur
8. Tompkins in tne Supreme Court at
White Plains for a certificate of incor-
Poration for the Surdna Foundation,
through which he expects to bive his
millions to charity,

The wealthy Westchester manufacturer,
whose estate is variously estimated from
$40,000,000 to $75,000,000, announced
last night that his iret ‘benefactidn |
would be a $2,000,000 institution for
orphans, to be established at Yonkers.

The Surdna Woundation, which takes
its name from the reversed spelling of
Mr. Andrus's name, is modelled after the
Rockefeller Foundation in its general |
plan, and it is the purpose of the founder |
to make it the vehicle for many future
gifts for the benefit of humanity,

The charter will be sent at once to the
with the approval of |
It was filed on the eighth an- |

the death of Mm@ Andrus, ,
who was Miss Julia M. Dyckman of Yon-
kers and to whose memory the founder
is warmly and touchingly attached.

the court.
niversary o,
'

Charter Is Perpetual.

The certificate of incorporation states
that the object of the foundation is |
“to donate or contribute anything or
everything to any corporation, arsocip-
and orgayization for religious, |
charitable, scientific, educational or elee- |
mosynary purposes.” |

The duration of the charter is per-
perpetual, and the direciors named are
Mr. Andrus, Orville C, Sanborn, Thomas |
F, Dougherty, Stewart M. Seymour and |
Lewis H. Freedman of Manhattan. |

The founder unfolded his plans in a
statement issucd iast night at his home
in Yonkers in which he sald;

“For several years 1 have been giv-
ing some thought to what I could do}
for humanity in a way thate appeared |
to me as the mest useful philanthropy,
Ciesociated from the customary at
of charity. My present plan ia the out- |
come of discussing with and of Bug- |
gestions from my devoted wife, who |
has gone before me. |

Orphan Home Firat on -List,

“We always thought that Little ehil-
dren and old people were equal subjects |
for our loving consideration, 1 have
conchided, first, to erect and endow in the
city of Yonkers on lands formerty |
owned by my wife an orphan home for |
ttle children, preference being given to
those, if such there unfortunately be, of
soldiers ‘who have given their lives for
us and for our country, those from our
own city (Yonkers) to be admitted first,
then from the towns and cities adjoin-
ing. and then from Westchester county.

“The plan will differ somewhat from
the usual scheme of a great orphan |
asylum. We will construct detached
homes and place them in charge of
trustworthy guardians who will take the |
places as mearly as they can of the:
absent parents. The land is beautifully |
situated an® appears to be admirably
located for this purpose, The carrying
out of my present plans for the con-.
atruction of these detached houses and |
their endowment, exclusive of the value |
of the land, will involve the expenditure
of about $2,000,000 and posalbly more.

Of{Rer Plans ts Reserve.

“I intend to arrange the endowment
#0 as to eliminate the possibility of can-
ne for subscriptions to obtain the

[i sent with the Russian revolutionary

| Moscow troops.

| according

°

, the American Minister at Jassy,

| the
; American

gaged at Harbin, Is Re-
port in Tokio.

 

MANY PRISONERS SEIZED

 

Cossacks and Military Cadets
in Offensive at Irkutsk,
Siberia.

 

Tokio, Dec. 27.—In a fight between

Chinese and Russian Maximalist troops |
at Harbin, Manchuria, Wednesday morn- |

ing, the Russians surrendered and were

disarmed and made prisoner, according |
to a report, which 1s considered reliable, |

received here from Harbin.
The advices say the Chinese now oc-
cupy the garrison at Harbin.

LULL IN HOSTILITIES.

Both Bolshevik and Ukrainian
Troops Holding Back.
Special Cable Despatch to Tun Sun from the
London Times.

Copyright, 1917, all rights reserved.
PETROGRAD, Dec. 25.—There appears

to be a certain hanging back in the

 

 

shevik and Ukrainian troops, probably

due*to a desire on both sides to avold!

further bloodshed.

The people's commissioners are anx-
to employ al! available
against Gen. Kaledin, whom they
gard as identified with the cadets, or
Constitutional Democrats, and the bour-

forces
re-

' geoisie pledged to reaction, even to tle’

restoration of the monarchy. For this
revson they are willing to make con-
cessions to the Ukraine, or even to the

Germans, so far as they are compatible
with the revolutionary programme, the
war of the classes being the main pre-
occupation.

The Peasant Congress also is anxious
to avoid the exaggeration of the con-
flict between the people of Great Rus-
sia and Little Russia. <Acténg on its
suggestion, Leon Trotzky, the Bolshevik
Foreign Minister, telegraphed to Ensign
Krylenko, commander of the Russian
armies, instructions to come to terms
with the Ukraine divisions under his
command to cut off Kaledin, “who alone
ruins both the Ukraine and the Russian
republic. The Ukraine regiments must

troops against the Cossack leader. The
Gespatch of an army against Kaledin is
a question of life or death for the revo-
lutfon'** *.

A mutinous epirit exists among the
Gen,
commander of the
against Kaledin, is reported to have
made vain efforts to induce the soldiers
of the garrison to take part in the ex-
pedition. . The men declared they had
not desisted from war on the frontier jn
order to begin another war at home.

army proceeding

FIGHTING IN SIBERIA,

Cossacks and Military Cadets
tack Garrison at Irkatek.

Lonpon, Dec, 27.—Ukrainian forces,
to a report received from
Petrograd from the Ukrainian Rada and

 

Ate

| forwarded by Reuter, have occupied the
; headquarters of the Fourth, Ninth and

Eleventh armies on the Rumanian and
southwestern fronts. Those who ree
sisted were disarmed and a quantity of
guns and rifles was selzed. The
Ukrainians have occupied the station at
Braijlo& and disarmed the guards.

A telegram received in Petrograd from
Tomsk reports fighting in Irkutsk,
Siberia. Coesacks and military cadets
have engaged the farrisgn there for two
days with alternating success,

 

The Putiloff! works, employing 30,000.
; men,

and the Petrograd
works, employing 8,000, have begun to
pay off thelr men, according to a
Reuter’s despatch from Petrograd. :

metallurgical

U.S. DID NOT AID REVOLT

Ambassador Furnishes Proof as
Against Charges by Bolsheviki.

Special Cable Despatch to ‘Tur SUN From the
London Timea,
Copyright, M7, all rights reserved.

Perrocrap, Dec 25.——-Ambassador
Francis has published two letters of
tuma-
nia, which dispose finally of the charge
that aid was being extended to the
Kaledin revolt. The letters show that
funds employed to transfer the
ambulances, which were
seized by Bolshevik troops at Rostov,
were drawn from the American Red
Cross, not from the Embassy,

Other letters are published showing
that the object of the transfer of am-
bulances was to prevent them from
falling into the hands of the Germans
in case of a further invasion of Rus-
sian territory. The Ambassador con-
cludes by stating that additional evidence
is not necessary to disprove “the in-

 

| cendlary, allegations intended to arouse

animosity toward the American Govern-
ment, this Embassy or the American
people.”

A deputation called yesterday at the|

Embassy and presented a fovral offer-
ing in recognition of the efforts of the
Ambassador to obtain a million fairs
of ‘boots and shoes from America for

members of the railway union and ther |

wives and families.

 

STORM DELAYS GIFT SHIP.

Four More Carlonads of Presents tn
France for Americans,

Paris, Dee,
Christm: mail which arrived at a
French port from the United States were

 

forwarded to-day for delivery at the!

headquarters of the regimental units of
the: American expeditionary forces, The
bulk of the Christmas mail, whith con-
sisted of 80,000 sacks and required ninety
freight cars to move, was delivered at
the headquarters of the varous units on
or before Christmas Day, but a storm at
wea delayed for three days the arrival
of the mail sent forward to-day.

Besides the mai) delivered by the army

y to ke up the usual annual post office there were several carloads of

 

Continied on PIR Page, — |

rge* packages weighing over seven
nds each which were handled by the
Bearteraaster's Department.

Pr % /

 

Muravieff, the new,

27.--Four carloads of

but President Will Get
All He Asks. |

1G. 0. P. WILL ACQUIESCE

 

 

| | ficiency; We Can Get
| MeAdoo's Appointment Criti-

|
cised Chiefly Because He |
'

 

Special Despatch io Tue Sx.
WASHINGTON, Dec, 27.—William G.
McAdoo, as Director-General of Rail-
| roads, to-night issued a statement as
| follows: -

: Now Holds 4 Big Posts.

Special Despatch to Tnm Srv.
Wasntnaton, Dec, 27.—Congress will

. | e
accept the President's eS a “This new tack fe of great magnitude
| reeera to 208 NOnty scr thee suere ‘and difficulty. It cannot be done in a
Government in its relation to the rall-

moment and it cannot be done at
| unless the people of the United States, as
well as the officers and employees of the
Considerable adverse comnrent WAS) oo iroads, give to the Railroad. Director

|
{
‘levelled to-day by some at the capital | their intelligent and patriotic support. I
| sgainst the arbitrary establishment of | earnestly seek the cooperation and as-
'
'

roads without serious resistance, if not
with any particular joy.

a basic rate per cent. of compensation | sistance of every good citizen in this
Y 5, | great work,

to the lines based on the years 191 & Maiti, Guubatin <o8 the validate aa ak

thoroughly unified system is of funda-

mental {importance to the success of the

war. Without it we cannot get the

effective use of our resources. The su-

1916 and 1917, or based upon anything
else than the actual investe@ capital.
This came from certain radical Senators
| and Representatives.

| Tire was also a measurable dissat-

| isfaction expressed at the choice of Sec-
'

 

 

to justify the prediction that the Presi-
dent's plan. This is not the determina-
Commission.

| :
retary McAdoo as the Director-General |
of the temporarily Federalized system. |
| But there is insufficient dissatisfaction | MAY ELEGTRIFY
|
) dent will not receive from Congress all
that he seeks in the way of legislation. :
Republicans of neither house will ‘ - e
make any formal fight against the Presi- | Gigantic Project Is Proposed
re . .
tion of any caucus other formal by the Coal Economy
fathering, but the consensus gleaned |
from direet contact with Republicans
in Washington. iheasincareacnialapens
' ° > ”
{Think McAdoo Busy Enongh Now. WOULD END LONDON FO@S

The opposition to the selection of Mr.
McAdoo was not based on any question
as to his ability to deal with the prob-
Jems which his new responsibility con- |
veys, but it is felt among the Repub-
licans that the multiplicity of duties al-
ready delegated to the Secretary are
sufficient to keep him busy or to war-
rant his relinquishment of the Cabinet
office if he is to assume the additional

 

Railways and Factories to Use
New Power at $500,000,-
000 a Year Saving.

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sts.

burden. One Republican view, that of o ° ; :
- Oopyright, 1917, all rights reserved.
acting Hguse Leader Frederick H. Gil- Semen Dec, 27 with nani vend

lett (Ma¥sachusetts)
forth as foliows:

“L deeply regret the appointment of
Mr. McAdoo as controller of the rail-
| roads of the country. Hg isnow Secre-
itary of the Treasury, chair,

Federal Reserve Bank system. chairman

tets this opinion
b electrification of all Great Britain, in-

cluding the railroads and all factories,
‘is the gigantic project promulgated by
| the Coal Economy Committee for the

reconstruction commission and an-

of the Federal Farm Loan Board ane | oun eee Hirata dita die of ce cote
chairman of the Tuternational High ae aatio: uepekeke. i
Commission. 1 think these places give f% domestic pury : ing! ;
| 3 ; It is proppsed to consolidate all the
ample scope to his ability tn addition : s :
{he {s recognized as the great dispenser | Cléctrical establishments of the T'nitec
 anttny “fh 1 tha: s tant eat egn Kingdom and create sixteen gigantic
xe ae tt a fan aia otee a 7 : tl ,' central super-power stations of 20,000)
Bo } “p Be thie Ad 1 at ation. YUN’ to 50,000 horse-power each, supplying
He Pes oe i ae ae ‘ eee yo. their districts through trunk lines. It!
ae Pe etme ey le BP ig calculated that this project would
polntment should he a political one there |* calculated projec ’ I

save $500,000.000 in coal annually and

: he rs of the
are other members of the would end the notorious London smoke.

Cabinet who

would have excited less distrust, but J Probably it would end the London
think the appointment to this position fogs ulso, as they are caused by pe-
of transcendent power should have been ciuliar atmospheric conditions through
a business one and not a politieal or Which a blanket of smoke is he!d over
personal one. Jit should have recipro- the cits

cated the general non-partisan support an immense cheapening of power is

that has been extended this Administra-
tion.

“Since the loss of the Lusitania T have
earefully repressed all criticism of the
Administration, It has required at times
much self-restraint. T have loyally sup-

promised, resulting in the greater em-
ployment of mechanical power and an
increase in the industrial outpywt. The
commission finds that America employs
nearly twice as much power per work-

 

 

man as Great Uritain, which explains
ported the I ident in the House, and tne greater American production per
at some critical times when many of capita,
his own party deserted him. intend to | Pr a ol sana en ee
continue that support, but think it ’
Proper to express my regret that this WAGNER'S WIDOW SHIVERS.
great appointment has not been a less

partisan one and has not been given to
one whose experience and impartiality
would inspire more confidence, ver duasial Cable Dituaicd 26 Dak Woe Josm ihe
London Tiines.
Copyright, i, alt “rights veaerved

LOTTERDAM, Dec. 27.—-Frost is increas-
ing the difficulties of Germany, where
coal famine is universal. Richard Wag-
ner’s widow, celebrating her eightieth
birthday on Christmas, requested her
friends to refrain from paying her visits
of congratulation at
reuth, as there was no coal to warm the
house,

This request was made in an adver-
tisement in the frunkiscehe Zetung. It
jllustrates a widespread discontent which

Warns Friends Away on Birthday
an She Can't Heat House.

Earnings Guarantee Questioned.

In the opinion of legislagors the
phraseology of the law of August 29,
1918, annarently is broad enough to eive
the President power to operate all the
traffic on the railways, and that while
the movement of troops and supplies is
specifically mentioned the concluding
phrase, “or for such purposes connected
with the emergency as may be needtal
or desirable,” is sufficiently embracing
fo include the whole war situation,

Where a clash of opinion comes, how-
ever, is the point made by the President
that he shall guarantee the earnings of
the lines and the return to owners of
railway securities of their dividends and

poorest classes, ®

JAPAN PLEDGES AID TO ALLIES.

Cooperation Assured by Emperor in
Addreas to Parliament.

Continued on Second Page.

Blue Ribbon Fowl Aid
‘The Sun’ Tobacco Fund

THE gift of Charles A. Phipps,

a pen of four blue ribbon
chickens, goes on exhibition to-
day at the Poultry Show in Madi-
son Square Garden. Pretty

 

Toxo, Dec.
i with her allies in the war to the fullest
extent of her ability was pledged by
Emperor Yoshihito in the speech from
the throne at the opening of Parliament
to-day, The Emperor sald Japan's rela-
tions with the Entente Powers were ex-
tremely close, whicli was greatly pleas-
ing to him, and continued:

“The European war

girls from the Strand Roof will

is becoming

receive bids, and on Tuesday more and more important, Tt becomes
night, the last session of the | us to devote our efforts toward more
show, the birds will be sold, the | effective cooperation with the allied
entire proceeds coming to THE | Powers. We expect the alliance to se-

cure the full fruits of victory and to
‘obtain the objects with which we
heartily sympathize. We are prepared
to cooperate to the fullest extent of our
ability »while maintaining peace in the
Orient.

“In consequence of present conditions
we have ordered our
sent plans having to do with the neces.
sities of national defence.”

{| SUN Tobacco Fund.

A fund benefit which promises
to be both a great artistic and a
financial success will be that of
the Akron Club at the Plaza
Hotel to-morrow night. A clever
|| original musical farce will be
|| produced by some of the best

IN RUNNING THE RAILWAYS

\“Victory in War Will Depend Upon Speed and Ef-

Are Equal to Demands.”

 

all |

 

Wahntried, Bay-|

is assuming a serious aspect among the |

27.--Cooperation of Japan |

Ministers to pre-)

Mileage as Post. Office, Us-
. ing Shortest Routes.

TRAFFIC TO BE POOLED

 

Neither Unless Roads

Their Freight to the
Nearest Depot.

Dreme test in this war will probably
come in the year 1918. Victory will de-
pend upon our speed and efficiency. We
can get neither speed nor efficiency un-
less the railroads are equal to the de-
| mands of the situation.
| “I ean only say at the moment that
| the problem will be taken hold of vigor-
ously and that plans and policies will be
; Announced from time to time as rapidly
as it is possible to mature them. Mean-
while the business will be conducted
through existing railroad organizations
| with all the support and power of the
Government asserted in behalf of more |
efficient and satisfactory operation. ‘ Special Despatch to Taw Sty,
“The Director-General of Railroads. wrasiuinarox, Dec. 27.—At the stroke
upon invitation of the Interstate Com-
'merce Commission, has accepted offices | °f noon to-morrow the railroads of the
in the Interstate Commerce Building. | country, comprising one-third of the
The commission has also placed at the | world's total mileage, will pass under the
disposal of the Director the entire work | control of the United States Government

”
Bod facilities of the commisaion. ' thereafter to be operated by William G.
| McAdoo as Director-General of Railroade
jin fact as well as in name. Every car
and locomotive on the railroads after this
change takes place will have as it were
the letters U. S. A. written on it and be
| Tewarded by the Government as inter-
|e tats ain units on the different lines

‘PLAN PLEASES COUNTRY

| President Expected to Address
Congress on Subject When
Houses Reconvene,

‘UNIFORM CLOTH
"THEFTS BARED

| ——__.-___-

of this single system. For the Govern-

| ‘ ves hey, | ment’s purposes it will be as if individual
| Purloined Olive Drab W hile railroads like the Pennsylvania and the

Soldiers Suffered Mav New York Central had disappeared from

' 1, } the railroad map and their identity been
Reach $500,000. merged in a single Government system.

ellen ote The effect of this momentous change
(may not be appreciable to the publio,

MANY ARRESTS SLATED 444 it is promised that within a short

= | time changes will be brought about likely
to affect the whole economic situation.
For ove thing hereafter every railroad
freight station and terminal will bear
; the same relation to the country's traffic
he the individual post office does to the
|mail system, Jt will be for the shipper
to take his freight to the nearest station
” ” ; and the Government will route it as it
Thefts of olive drab cloth, intended | Sees fit, just as it does the mail package
| for uniforms for soldiers of the United | deposited in the post office.
| States Army, were unearthed here yes-
jterday and, according to detectives of |

on ¢ con-
| the bomb squad, the sum involved may | eriiiiare Calan eMeR eae ae
| reach $500,000. | the White House and the office of Sec-
| One man is under arrest and jp she, retary McAdoo to-day it would seem as
| Tombs. It is said that h@atone is {f the country as a whole had approved
} ; a Atma Re ‘ | of the act of the President yesterday in
sponsible for a diacrepancys of $45,000 j taking possession of the railroads. These
and that several employees of the Quar- ! telegrams came from humble citisena,

Collusion of Officials in U.S.
| Quartermaster’s Depart-
| ment Also Alleged.
|

 

 

Country Seems to Approve.

re-

termaster's Department, United States | bankers and railroad presidents. Jacoh
Army, made it possible for him to steal | 1. sohitt, Daniel Willard, Newman Erb
lot} : f Unel and 8S. Davies Warfield, the latter being
MO : 1" 1 i oes icle }
Pear ee A OST OU hele | head of the Rajiway Investors Associa-
Sam's soldiers were without overcoats. tion made up of 20,000 owners of rafl-
Frank M, Roosa, Assistant United road securities, were among those who
States District Attorney, said yesterday | S¢7C messages of congratulation to the
| that at least fi i soit *_ President. Mr. McAdoo’s desk at the
j Mat at least tive urrests will follow Treasury was heaped high with similar
to-day and that this number may be me:

 

sages from every part of the country.
Congress will approve the President's
plan, ingluding the proposed guarantee
based upbn the three year average.
Tt is expected now that the President
will address Congress the day after ft

doubled. According to Mr. Roosa, scores
of eloth sponging houses cof New York |

are implicated in the conspiracy. Falsi-

of the Quarter. ,

fication the books of

master's Department alone made the Teconvenes and the legisiation is ex-
thefts possible. Two auditors of this Dbected to go through without mueh
Department, one stationgd in the Army 4é@lay. Congress is still subservient to
Building in Whitehall street and the the President's wishes on matters of

 

jother in the supply depot. are under
| surveillance und their arrest, according
to Mr. Roosa, may be looked for to-day,
litneathan with many spongers implicated
in the wholesale‘plot to rob the Govern-
ment and freeze the soldiers.

/ war policy, and while some mutterings
were heard to-day from radicals that the
Suarantee was too liberal and also that
the President had exceeded the authority
vested in him by the law of 1916 in
Virtually fixing such a guarantee in his

 

On November § the army intelligence PT ‘lamation, there was no indication
| bureau reported to the bomb squad that ‘8 the opposition would amoynt to
j the Quartermasters Department of the ™Uch more than talk,

army was being robbed of cloth whieh

nad’ teen Rt th sponging houses in "President to Be Left Alone.

| New York for shrinking. All this cloth The President is to be allowed, {t
was Woven in Philadelphia mills and would seem, to handle the railroad situ-
, Much of it was shipped direct from the ation as he sees fit, Congress with an
‘mills to the sponging houses. Some of election facing it in the autumn being
jit was shipped to the army stores and giad enough to es: ape in this way any
; from them transferred to the sponging responsibility for the failure of the
| concerns, Government vontrol plan, should such

eventually be the verdtet of the people.

Sponging Houses Shadowed, No definite plans have been formed as

 

| / Detectives George Barnitz and James, ¥et. for the operation of the railroads
| Coy were assigned to the cases and they under the new system Secretary Me-
}at once planted fellow detectives in | Adoo is to tackle his new task in real
!sponging houses and in the factories S2PNest to morrow with the object firs

Where the cloth was being manufac: | Of drawing up an operating plan. For
j tured into untforms The first lead, thie purpose he has invited the members
;came fram the Universal Cloth Spong- | 0f the tailreads' War Board to meet
lis &® Company, 147 West Twenty-second | him at 11 o'clock He will then ask the
Istreet, of which Louls Davidson is the | board for Suggestions, particularly with
| head, he detectives informed the Fed- "esard to the elimination of obstacles
{

eral authoriti that Davidson's coneern

 

they have found in ~pecding up freight

 

{wits in reality the clearing house for the and relieving congestion which ean. be
j aNeged conspirators and that by wateh- relieved at once by Secretary McAdoo
ing the output uf cloth from this house @Xereising the unlimited power he will
the thetts could be traced, have,
', Later it wae learned that quantities
ef eloth sent by the Government to Plans Tentatively Vade.
' Davidson were being transferred to the The future of the Railroads’ War
Reliable Sponging Company, sometimes Board was still among the un ertainties
known as the Crown Woollen Company, to-nigul, Secretary McAdoo dex lined to
69 Fast Mleventh street, The detectives state to-day whether the board would
said that thfs concern, or fis agents, be coutinued. In a general way these
'would market the cloth. Soveral ef its features stood out to-night as having
salesmey attempted to sell it in good’ heey developed or clarified during the
arin, ay:
The Government in the first instance |® “The Buarantee is to be a inaximuny
paid all the way from $2.25 to $3 a yard and minimum equivalent to the go

rent

: ® sales r |
for the cloth, Th salesmen were told, paid a leased line, and any earnings

the detectives said, to sell it

at the best

: over this will rever ioverne.
price obtainable. One of these salesmen | ment and tit oa ay a Jae § sta
offered 300 bolts of about sixty yards tev Alennee Lon fe r the railroadae

, ‘ 0 > (ovVernm
each to the Government buyer for $2.25 Boss e Government, if it

sees fit, can put some of these excess
earnings bach in the road or divert
; them to other purposes, such as mak-

as]

a yard. The lot offered was one for
i which the Government already had paid
|} $2 a yard. When this lot of cloth w

 

 

,

offered to the army luyers they got in ae up the deficit of weaker TOnGs Tho
touch at once with the detectives, and) TelaUon of the railroads to the Governs
Davidson, to whom the cloth was traced,, Ment will be virtually the same as

| " 5 kaa tc; pape leased lines to a parent system,
. The embassies and legations were! was arrested. } ; ,

|| amateur talent in the city, novel- fully represented in the diplomatic! Davidson did not seem worried by his Maturing obligations in 1918 amount:
|] ties will follow, and the evening's | joxes. After the delivery of the speech | arrest last night.. When the handeufre | IN to $260,000 000 are to be talon uD
entertainment will conclude with | from the throne the Parliament ad-! were clasped about his wrist he liughed py ine nade peas) eed Mr. McAdée
; Ji ry 20, Ath th » ty Marsh; anticipating no trouble with renewals
general dancing. ’ Journed until January : — at and joked with the Deputy farshal. how that the Government stands be-
Me iickien Auk mined ne the er Inquiry to Be Conttnued, hind the raflroads. Refunding plans

fund for the good which these
tobacco contributions are doing
the soldiers at the front. Read
what the soldiers themselves have
to say. Some of their messages
are printed on page 5 this morn-
ing.

WARNING! THE SUN TO-
BACCO FUND has no connection
with afy other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs
no agents or solleitors,

‘Bomb Wits Ammunition Train:
Roulers Nearly Laid Waste,

AMSTERDAM, Dec, 27.--The town of
Rousselaere (Roulers), in Belgium, was
almost laid waste recently by the ter-
rific explosion of an ammunition train
caused by bombs dropped by a British
‘airman, according to the frontier corre-
spondent of the TAegraays.
| The airplane itself was brought down
by the aerial pressure. Many Germans
and a few Helgians, the latter engaged
in forced labor, were killed.

)

 

AIRMAN DEVASTATES A TOWN. |

 

Major Nixon and Capt. R. R. Loening ;
fof the Qudrtermaster's Department as- |
| sisted Mr. Roosa in working up the |
; cause, Capt. Loening was an Assistant
| District Attorney under Gov. Whitman
They said that so far: 850 bolts of |
! cloth, valued at $45,000, are missing from
‘the lots shipped to Davidson, and that:
‘they hope to trace other lots of even |

| greater value before their investigation

may be entered into with his approval},

Each Corporation Must Approve,

The President and Mr. McAdoo re-
gard the guarantee as merely a sug-
Kestion to Congress and which, if Cone
Kress authorizes, must then be offered
to the railroads to accept or reject.
Each corporation must meet and de-
cide whether it is acceptable ana if

| ends, } not acceptable must take the matter to
: Several persons supposed to know | the courts, Such action in no wise
about the plot were before the Federal will affect the Government's selzure

authorities yesterday, and it was sald

and control of the railroads in quese
tion,
Mr. Director-General

 

Continued on Second Page. MeAdoo as

‘
Shippers Will Merely Send