=

eo ae

oS

rea le ee

 

SO

 

 

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

 

 

 

ad

DECEMBER 28, 1917.

——————— ee ee Ce — eaten

Co

 

 

$e 13

 

 

Director of Harvard Gymnasium Says American Colleges Have Been on Wrong Track in Physical Education’

DR. SARGENT SCORES
ATHLBTIC SYSTEM.

says War Has Shown That
Our Colleges Have Been
on the Wrong Track. |

'

a ee eee

 

 

  

 
 
 
  
  

 

Tyat ie colleges of America for the-
las. quarter of a century have pursued
the wrong Syetem of athletics and physi-
cal education was the statement made
he des. Dudley A. Sargent, director of
ihe Harvard gvoiasium, at the annual
meeting of the Athletic Research So-
( at tye Astor yesterday afternoon.
With th leading physical directors
seated Lefors Kim, Dr. Sargent, who ts
a graduate of Yale, pointed out that the
gar had shown the college directors the
Jieht and had proved that the first team
tea wae oo fundamentaily wrong as to
ye a nretace,

Tt seems to me,” said Dr, Sargent.
“that the greatest boon the war has al-
ready given to us in America is a
realization that our men must all be

ally fit. T cannot look back upon
vd ouvade at Harvard and Yale,
of which institutions I am

 

ts being a graduate of one and
iv connected with the other, with-
that for twenty-five years
tie training and our athletics
en on the wrong track. But I
i to say that we are seeing the
and that we are coming around,

jet everybody into the game!’
thits our slogan new and it shoulld have |

 
 

been our slogan for. years back
tt las taken the war to make us see)
things rig‘t When I look back and

  

think of the fine spectmens of physical
manhood who have gone across the
seas to fight our battles my heart swells
with pride, but when I think of those
other men, the great majority, in fact,
who were not such fine physical speci- ;
mens, I am filled with pity.

 

Old System All Wrong.

“T have no fear for the star athletes,
the cream of our young men, who have
gone, but T do fear for the men Who were |
discouraged because they could not make j
the first team and sank back to become
athletic slackers when they were in col-
lee because they thought they were not
good enough,

“Thay consider themselves good
enough to go and fight their country's
battles, bowever, and we, with our old
system of athletics in which we placed
the premium on the specialized expert,

     

 

e really > the physical |; : ewan ewe
har re ie, eg ait hg naw Start your bidding now and keep it up. my HARNESS HORSE: reer
ene ape eae aKeMnGs thelr ues if ll never tire urging you until we reach | a ne, bog. §; Dr. Josiah Meigh,
snouts e a r v ‘ .
, ao a record price.” , Vee oe ‘ ct ai ean ne
the} os takes that eac- ‘ Telegraph. b. g. 9; KB. Griftith, $175
aes _ CaP while? meee ; As soon as he had finished Lehman) Lucite, We iy pony stailion; John McE
ET ae “have athletics for all in| Stuss, an agent for Mr. Thompson, who | Bowman, $150 :
oer ene oe - ay at | Was Standing near the block, said $1,000. Seat Bangle, bay pony, John Mek.
the colleges now, and [ know that at) Mr. Smith added $100, and then each | Bee a tt, pret ‘.
rvard and ¢ y hea trend) Sore ae ' 2 eae} eckeley King. b. g.; A. Joseph Ciilman,
igen ag tae age ett | Nine 08a mc 90 ea |
of the day. : Y aa s Bai ata
aides, and you can see that the students |feached. At this Agure Mr. Strauss HACKNEYS,
want it by reading their college papers. | walked away, but before leaving he Argo, ch. g. 8, Fratlty, cho m., 7
4 AG min bo ut playi build. | 28ed the auctioneer to keep the bidding | John R. Thompson, $2.00
mets His her cout playing, bused. coing a minute. ‘He went to consult his seamiiton, Star, br g., 7: Re Lawrence
ing un his beady. As . 4 4 1 Smith, $1,009.
“We shouldn't spend or time develope | employer, but be fore he had time to Palry Tread, br. uty 7; R. Lawrence
ee id: ni wx feet when we | reach Mr. Thompson the Chicago exhib- | smith, $950.
IR Rey Be ee gis te ump four {tt had sent Edward Smith, ancther| Queen of Earth, be. m, 8, and
ae uae Toot indie eke a ianip Jagont into the ring to take up the bid-! Port Brunella; Robert Reid of Boston, | pion,

worth to-day a dozen men

four feet ars |
whe can jump six feet, '

 

What good is your man if he can't |
get ont of a trnech by himself, and every !
man over there must be able to do]
that We bave men who cannot pull;

tiemselyes up once on a horizont.) bar, |

 

 

  

wil owe have those who can't: raive |
themselves once on a p.srallel bar. And j
tl re oun potential soldiers.. They |

be trained and each
» the burden,’

 

of us must |

Inten-moral Sport Growing.

It was the consensus arong the direce
tors that the war had shown that the
team idea was not for the best interests
of the colleges and the individuals, John
W Wilee, football eoach at Ohio State |
Uiiversity, read a paper in which he
waeed the benefits of intra-mural ath-
le ies and the growth of such pstivity |
a.) through the country. He declared

the war was responsible for such
growth,

Dr. George Fisher of the Young Men's
Christian Assoctation read a paper on
the work being done by his association
among the soldiers both here and in
France. He mide a plea for fifty ath-»
letic directors to go “over there,” and
also asked for twenty-five reserves to
work in the camps in this country.

Dr. Lyman. Fisk, head of the Life Exe |
tension Institute, told about the work |
of reclaiming men rejected by the army |
officials, William Hall spoke of the!
scoring systems in athletics, Some of;
the directors were in favor of reviving |
the tua of war in the colleges, and asked |
that the colleges foster hand grenade |
throwing and kindred sport features, |

lr, Fisher was reelected president and:
Wilbur P. Bowen of Ypstlanti State Nor- |
nal School was elected vice-president. |

. Joseph KF. Raycroft of Princeton was |
“l secretary-treasurer, ‘ i

   

 

 

 

 

 

GRADUATE MANAGERS MEET. |

Discuss War Problems in Confer-

 

ence at Hotel Here.

Nineteen graduate managers of ath-|
at colleges gathered in tifoiinal |
erence at the Hotel Martinique last |
nicht to discus# the problems brought ;

let

 

on by the war, The meeting was given
up largely to the discussion of ques-
tions of finance--the method of col-

the in sport events,
methods of eutting down expenses and
#t the same time keeping up a certain

|
|
|
standard, '
|
|

wir tax

lecting

Murdoen Kendrick of Pennsylvania
poke in favor of moving the intercol-
leglate track and fietd meet forward to
the second week in May, so that those
at that time mat
athletes to the
to make such a}
date we staried some }
Custavus TT. irby and |

of ti 1dvisory come. |

ollegiate Associa- |
likely that it will!

T\ose present were: |
Columbia; Alonzo A, |
red W, Moore, Har- |

Pickering, Pennsvivania:
rthmore: Miller, Pittsburg ;
ent. Cornell; Majer A. J. Pene!
Lortmouth; Jones, Colgate; P.
slice, Michigan; Faherty, Holy '
Doe TS Marvel, Brown; William
ty) Washington and Lee; Hyman,
; Smith, Penn State; W.!
ib ah , West Virginia; Byrd, Mary-
ar Stute 1

olleees which clove
fend the't

cule
t movement

lo
he The

  

Nhange iin te

 

 

   

 

1 Misher,

Chieugo :

Viujor
ner, Sw

Pee

 

i
4. ¢. CASE POSTPONED, |
ry se against the Grupp A, C, will’
not be settied UM January 11, as Magis-
trae Rrough, sitting In the Washington
Heights Court, yesterday heard addi-
Honal testimony and then reserved decl-
| the date mentioned,

GROPP

 

 

 

 

 

"he Mugistrate ordered Assistant Dis-
trict Attorney Burke, and Attorney Mur-
rity Beins for the defendants, to submit
beefs in the meantime. The decision
W'l! be condered in the Exsex Market Po-

Ace surt

VALPOME CUB WINNER

Corveiann, Ohio, Dee, 27.--Pierre |
Miuswue turned the tables on Charles |
MoCourt in their Interstate Three Cush- |
lon Millard League match to-night. |

Maupome won by 50 to 48 in seventy- |
fou ‘inings Maupome had two high |
ture of 5, while MeCourt made a run
of 6

eR a ats Ei aenneaais ene _

 

Sale

 

 

John R. Thompson of Ch

icago, Obtains Pireno and

Hamilton Regal After Spirited Bidding for
$13,100, Top Price. :

 

The Red Cross was enriched $22,365
last night by the sale of James Cox
Brady © show ring horses in Durland's
Riding Academy,
ton Farms sent twenty of his best high

steppers to the block to aid the fund, |

aud they went for prices that were con-
sidered exceptionally good,

The spirit of patriotiem entered into
the bidding. It began with the offering
of the first horse and ended with a
burst of enthustasm, the like of which

has seldom been seen at an auction sale!
in this country, when the last pair was)

sold. After eighteen head had been dis-
posed of to patriotic lovers of tne horse
Pireno and Hamilton Regal, a pair of
brown hackneys, were driven into the
ring, and before they left it they had
been bought by John & Thompson of
Chicago for the exceedingly high price
of $13,100, This was the top price of
the sale end far above their value. That
they brought such a huge eum was due
to the patriotism of Mr. Thompson and
R. Lawrence Smith of this elty.
Although each of these noted horse-
men was aware of the fact that in con-
formation, action, quality, refinement
and mating they were probably the best

| ladies’ pair in the country, each knew

their value did not reach the five figures,
but the sportsmen continued to bid
against each other until $13,000 was
reached. Then Mr. Smith withdrew, and
the pair went to the Westerner.

Cost Less Than $6,000.

Mr. Brady paid less than $6,000 for
the pair several years ago.  Pireno,
which was formerly one of the pets of
the late Alfred G@. Vanderbilt, he bought
for $2,875, and’ at private sale he pro-
cured Hamilton Regal for $3,000.

Several thousand lovers of the horse !
were preparing to leave the building |

when the pair was trotted out before
Auctioneer George A. Balin, “Here's a
chance to help the Red Cross and at
the same time get the best pair of hack-
neys in the world!" Mr. Bain fairly
sereeched as the two high steppers were
sent around the ring.

“I know every one
to have them and I

here
also

would lke
know every
one here wants to help the Red Cross.

 

ding where Strauss had left off. Smith
bid $5,100, but it was not enough. R.

Serer acne eceBoremnan ponerse

|PENN AND CORNELL

10 GET DATA FOR
GOLF HONOR ROLL

 

it, S. G. A. Sending Letters to

449 Clubs—Wants Returns
for Annual Meeting.

 

Something new has been inaugurated
by the United States Golf Association,
which In all probability will be copied
ere long by other leading bocles in sport.
Tt is nothing more or lees than a move
to cet together an honor roll, and the
idea, which belongs to Howard F. Whit-
ney, the secretary, has been approved
by the executive committee. As @ re-
sult the following letter is being sent out
to member clubs:

“The executive committee of the
United States Golf Association is de-
sirous of compiling an honor roll of the
individual members of its member clubs
who are now {in the milltary or naval
service of the United States,

‘Will you kindly send me the names
of the members of your club who are
eligible; also the arm of the service
that they are enrolled under and their
military. or naval rank, This Hat is
to be kept in the secretary's office as
a record for future reference. It is
desirable to have these statistics a8
complete and as soon as possible in

‘order that a report may be submitted at

the annual meeting on January 25, 1918."

The possiblities of this undertaking
are readily apparent when it is remem-
bered that there are at present 449
clubs in the United States Golf Asso-
ciation—139 aetive and 310 allied,
Roughly estimating, an average of 250
vrembers to a club would give @ total of
112,250 golfers identified with the gar-
ent organization, Possibly the total Is
greater, for a large number of the clubs
have 309 members, while with others
the number runs twice that,

To offset that, however, it must not
be overlooked that a good many tndi-
viduals belong to more than one club,
although in the long run the per-
centage most likely la small, Taking,
therefore, 250 for an average and as-
suming that 5 per cent, of the members
were found to be serving the!r country,
the 17, 8. G. A. would have an honor
roi! of between 5,000 and 6,000 names,

Any list that may be compiled during
the next month must necessarily be in-
complete, for at present meny of the
draft age are uncertain whether or not
they will be Balled, Local secretartes,
however, could see to it that as more
demanda were made on their clubs the
association headquarters could — be
prompt!y «advised of the additions #0
as to keep the honor roll up to date,

SOCCER IN ARMY CAMPS,

Cuicaco, Dee, 27.—Peter J. Peel,
president of the United States Football
‘Association, to-day announced plans for
a championship series of soccer games
between army cantonment teams, It {s
planned to play the contests in cities
near the cantonments, the proceeds to
zo to a aoldier athletic fund, Peel will
donate a service trophy to the winning

teams,

 

BILLIARD MATCHES AT DOYLE'S

Two interesting games were played
last night at Doyle's in the pocket billiard
tournament of advertising men for the
ambulance fund, Ray Smith defeated
Arthur Toorabus by 90 to 54, and John
Phurman defeated George Stearns by
90 to 78. In the three cushion tourna-
ment Hl. Rogers defeated Milton Pollock
by 25 to 19 In thirty-eight Innings.

 

KREUTER BILLIARD WINNER.

L. Kreuter ‘won from George Clarke
In the pocket billiard tourney for the
State champtonship at Lawler's Roorn,
Brooklyn, last night. The score was
100 to 388, and the victor’s high run

was 32.

The master of Hamil- |

Cn ome eee ceenaanaeee so Snece—aneeneneaneeneemeaene ee on

e of Brady Horses Nets \TWOA.A.U.BOXING
$22,365 for Red Cross) TITLES FOR TULLY AND HENDERSON WIN

Lawrence Smith raised it an extra §100°

Without hesitation.

Hi Smith continued bidding until the
$10,000 mark was passed, At this point
Mr, Thompson got into action himself.
When he appeared a round of cheers
went Up and the auctioneer sent the
| pair of beauties for another trot around
{the tanbark, When quiet was restored
Mr. Thompson said $10,100. But this
wasn't enough. R. Laurence Smith
seemed bent on getting the horses and
seemed to take positive delight in rais-
ing every bid made by the Chicagoan.

When $11,000 was passe! another
{round of cheers rang through the buiid-

ing, and again the team was sent pranc-
{ing around the ring. Back in thelr po-
{sitions the bidding was resumed,
| Mach subsequent bid) brought forth

applause. When the bidding reached
$13,000 Mr. Smith left the ring.

| Mr. Thompson also wos the success-/ Worth artillery soldier, and decided not
| ful bidder for Argo and Fratity, Mr./to go on with the new champion.

 

 

New West Side A. C, Athlete!
Wins 175 Pound and Heavy-
weight Honors.

 

|

i ‘ |
James J, Tully of the New West Side |
A, C., last night won two titles in the!
New York State amateur boxing cham |
mMonships staged in the Manhattan Casino. |
Tully won both the 175 pound and heavy. |
weight honors in a sensational manner. ;
iy annexing the 175 pound title Tully ,
has the honor of being the first New
York State champion at this weight, as !
a heavyweight contest never before has
been staged In a similar tourney. Tully

won beth champlonships through the
khneckout route.
In annexing the i75 pound honors |

Tully had only to go through one con-
test, the semi-final, as Samuel Lagonia
of the Bronxdale A, C., who was to meet
Tully in the final fn this class, forfeited
the final bout to the New Weat Sida
A, C, boxer.

Lagonia witnessed Tuily's semi-final
bout with Andy O'Boyle, a Fort Wads-

Tully

| Brady's other renowned pair of hack-| Worked his way to the final in this class

| neys. He got them for $2,000.

| Queen of Earth and Holly Port Bru-! Bronxdale A. ) :

| ella, two mares which have been wheel-! “quits” in jess than a minute of boxing
‘ers on Mr. Brady's winning Park Four,)in the first round.

‘

{

were knocked to Robert Reid of Boston
| for $1,100,

RR. Lawrence Smith bought
horses. Ho got Hamilton Star for $1,-
000 and Fairy Tread for $950.
| Despard, brought top price among the
hunters, This eight-year-old bay geld-
' Ing, which waa a winner at Tuxedo and
at many other shows, went to Godfrey
Preece for $900,

Lord Melrose, the bay gelding which
won the championshib at Mgdison Square
Garden in 1916, brought oMy $550. He
went to John McE. Bowman.

The Summaries.

CUP HUNTERS,
Hamilton Truatful. b+
| J. Campbell Thompson,

Lord Melrose, b. g.
Bowman, $550.
; . Kildec, b g.,
| $475,
Deepard, b.
900,

 

15.2;

  

G years,
b.2; John McE.

 

; Godfrey Preece,

 

.1; Go@frey Preece,

 

 

Inexhauatibie, b. g. 9, 16; Joseph Co!-
lins, $550.
| Bobbie Bryan, ch. &, 9, 16.2; J. S&S Gar-
rett, $110,

McNab, br. g., & 16, T. S. Gates, $70.

 

 
  

  
  

Pireno, br. m., 8 and Hamilton Ry

corner of the spacious Casino.

‘C'oyle in

by disposing of
Lon

former
eried

O'Boyle, a
member, wiio

Tully landed some { pees ald : : riod Inter
i } ’ 1—6 and 6—1, My personal views are that for a very considerable period no
terrific rig} t y O'Royle’s | | 5 re ;

ae Rha ihe CURIE eed nat he Baseford 3d Also Advances. {national competition of any kind will be possible, and that when it does

two! Would cali it a night.

In bringing the heavyweight title to
the Ne West Side A. C, Tully, as in
the 175 ciase, won by a knockont, In
this class he was again opposed by one;
of Uncle Sam's men. This time it was
@ sailor boy in the person of Cap Hal-
ligan, a former teammate, but now in
the Naval Reserves.

Tully this time let his opponent last
longer than in the 175 pound class. |
Malllgan was disposed of early in the
second stanza, after he had been floored
twice In this chapter. Halligan in the
first round was floored three times, The |
bout should have stopped here, as Hal-

Second,

 

ligan was ai hopelessly beaten man.!
When the finish came he was bleeding.

from the nose and mouth profusely |
and had to be ushered to his corner. \

Tully, after he left the ring, received.
A great ovation from the 3,500 spee-
tators who jammed every available

Samvel Lagénia of the Bronxdale A
the championship of the 158
class by disposing .of Andy
the second round. © Boyle,
as in his first conteat with Tully in the
175 pound class, yelled quits. This time
instead quitting, in the first chapter
he continued through part of the second

CC, won
pound

round,
"Edward Mirman ef the Paulist A. C.
annexed the 115 pound title by disposing

of Paul Richman of the Clark House
A <A. in the first round. Mirman in
his semi-final bout was awarded the

 

Holly | judges’ decision over the former cham-

Irving Jampol
A. C., after three

of the Bronxdale
gruelling rounds, .

SPs
br. m., 3; John R. Thompson, s1n100 8 ‘|! Mirman performed well in both his con. |

| CHESS TEAMS TIE

i Each Scores 2 Points in Second
Round of Triangular Col-
| lege Tourney.

 

{

—- | tests,

Aldren Wins 145 Pound Title.

Lou!ls Aldren of the Norwegian Turn
A. C. captured the 145 pound title by
catching the judges’ eyea at the dura-
tion of the three rounds, He beat 8. |
Mosberg, unattached. It was a rough
and tumble affair, with both boxers

, falling out of tho ring fn the last echap-

In the second round of the nineteenth |

College Chess League, contested at the
rooms of the New York City Chess Club
yesterday, the University of Pennayl-

\
i
|
j annual tournament of the Triangular
|
| vania team, holder of the champlon-

  

the champions the [thacans are practi-
; cally out of the running and the fate
of this year's championship will hang
upot the outcome of ti-day'’s meeting in
the final round vetween Penneyivania
and City College.

H. Adeisberg. last year's Brooklyn
Boys IMiigh School er ampion, who played
second board for Cornell, was the first
to score yesterday against R. Kohen of
Pennsylvania, whom defeated in a
two knights defence ile checkmated
his adversary on the nineteenth
Adelshberg worked up a
tack, sacrificed the
seventeenth fern
moves later,

Cornell's advantage was soon reutral-
ized, however, when M. Shimselewiltz,
the Pennsylvania captain, accounted for
©. Hotaon, the «nly player to score for
Cornell in the first round, after fifty-
four moves. Hotson had the white side

he

promising at-
“exchange” at his
and forced mate two

offered an unsound sacrifice, which the
U. of FP. player did not riek accepting.
in the subsequent play Shimpeiewils
outplayed his adversary in good style
and won out,

8. Ginsburg, who missed playing for
Cornell in the first round, but took his
place at the third board vesterday,
placed Cornell ahead again by defeating
8. Gerson in a cleverly played ending.
The opening was a giuoco piano and the

for Pennsylvania by defeating 4H,
man at the fourth board. The summary:

a cn a

       

Bds, Cornell, Pennsylvania.
1. Hotwen OM Shinselewitz
2-H. Adeluberg. 1 RR. Kohen,........... a
8-8. Ginsburg o1 8, Gerson oO
4-H, Berman -.0 C, Bmolens

Metal cacccseess 2 Total...

Cornell played white on the odd numbered
boards. The openings: 1, Giuoco Piano; 2
Petroff defence ; 8, Giuoco Piano; 4, French de-
fence. Referee--H. M. Phillips.

HOCKEY PLAYERS IN ARMY.

nadian Overseas Medical Corps,

Every member of the Queens Uni-
versity hockey team of Kingston, Ont.,
which will meet the Wanderers Hockey
Club in the St. Nicholas Ice Rink to-
morrow hight, will be in the Medical
Corps of the Canadian overseas forces
by apring. J. V. Fahey, who plays point
for the Dominion collegiang, is in train-
ing for the aviation service now, He ex-
pects to leave in a fow weeks for France,

The Queens University gonl tender,
Kenneth Taylor, went to France in the
spring of 1915 as a junior officer, He
was wounded In the battle of the Somme
and was sent back home,

plete his medical course. , He expects to
be back at the front within six months,

J. M. Haslett, manager of the Queene
seven, gaya that medical students of that
university become automatically at-
tached to the Canadian Army Medical
Corpse upon graduation, Those who re-
ceive their diploma this coming May ex-
pect to be in France by July.

The Canadian collegians will arrive in
New York to-morrow morning. They
will take a short workout in the St,
Nicholas Rink before the afternoon
s skating session begins.

— ee

j ship, tled Cornell at 2 points each. The
| Cornellians, who logt to ©. C . Y. on
| Wednesaay, showed improvement yes- |
jterday. AB a result of the draw with:
|

|

, Man,

move. |

of a giueco piano and at an early etage |

 

 

Rer-} Halligan quit.
1

o
i

Queens Team to See Service in Ca- |

|
|

|
|

Subsequently i Mechanical
he was allowed to reenter college to com: pringing the membership up to 164 col-

 

ter Mesberg was also the runner up
for the title in the 185 pound class. In
this class Fred Hamilton met Mostr
Mosberg used rough tactics and Referee
Mddie Forbes, after warning hin several
times, disqualified him in the last round

 
  

Sand awarded Liamillon the boul and

cham plonship.
luk Pound Class, Semi-Finale—F
? Rutgers Gytnnasium, defe
Na Clark House A. A. three
Judges’ decisior tue! Steger, Rutgers
Gymnasium, defeated Dan Horn, Rutgers
Gymnasium, three rounds; judges’ de-
cislon
108
eer,

Seid.
ted Sam
rounds

 
  

  

 

Pound Class—Final
Rutgers Gymnasium,

 
  

Bout--Samuel
defeated F.

 

Kutgers Gy uinasium, three
: Jucgwes’ decision.

Pound  Cless,  Semi-Finals—-Pau! ,
Richman, Clark Mouse A. A, defeated
John Mandarino, unattached, three rounds;
sudes'’ decision Edward Mirman, Paulist

A C, defeated Irving Jampol. Bronxdal
A. C, three rounds; judges’ cecision

115 Pound Clase—Final Bout--Ed Mir. |
Paulist A. (. defeated Paul Rich. |
man, Clark Huuse A A.; one round; |
stopped by referee. |
‘
'

  

126 Pound ©

 

TRIGHARDA EAESION

; national title; Hdward H. Henderson of |

' vanced

‘whose knowledge of the game had won! Sporting Life.

‘star of the Columbia forces, at 14—12,

| Won the set

_8eoring a victory.

 

 

 

 

RICHARDS, EMERSON

 

IN ALL SPHERES OF SPORTS

| By DANIEL,

HOUGH world peace will be followed by a tremendous revival in
world sport it Is hardly likely that even the next generation will
see another Olympic meet. The Olympics aro the champtonships

of the world, and unless they are open to all nations they are not truly
| representative and should not be held. Yet the United States, england and
Three more youthful stare reached the! Wrance cannot sce their athletes meeting those of Germany and Austria-
sem!-finals of the national junior indoor! Hungary on a common footing. When
tennis championship on the courts of, against another he -concedes that his rival is a gentleman and worthy .
the Seventh Regiment Armory yester-!ull the social and other courtesies he can bestow on him. For 7 ord
day. They were Vincent Richards, the! thirty years at least the civilized world hardly will an a "oh scutes
! i j is. :
Yonkers lad who holds the outdoor boys’ | to extend anything like courtesies to the Kaiser's hellhoun
there is the chance that Germany will awaken and soa eho, A
‘ " the rest of the contemptible Kaiserliche Familie to the wor' ’
af the Dane Creme Fah Wchool.” they weenie such an event occurs the German athlete 16 doomed to closed com-
fought their way to even terms with, petition.
Harold 1.. Taylor of Brooklyn, who ad- France already is planning to hold the next Olympics and German
to the semi-final round last; prisoners are constructing a huge concrete stadium for that purpose at
Wednesday, Lyons. However, the members of the International Olympia Committee,
_To reach the coveted goal all of the} while favoring a world meet at tho end of the war, are not thinking of
sane wie ro ee ana wait than | aay immediate revival of the Olympic games. Strong views against such
they aver did before. Fach was opposed ;® Tevival are expressed by Sir Theodore A. Cook of the British Olympic
by a worthy opponent—a youngster | Council and the International Coramittee, in a recent issue of the London
' He says:

“My personal opinion is that-unless the Olympic games include all the
world they cannot be called Olympic games at all. Inasmuch as no English-
man now living js likely to compete with a German again, to accept his
(promises or to associate with him under any circumstances, we cannot
have the Olympics, It would be impossible to have the Germans in those
games for twenty-five years at least. If they were invited it would be
impossible to find Englishmen willing to, compete against them.

 

Advance Into Semi-finals in
Junior Tennis Champion-
ship Tourney.

 

 

him «a host of admirers and the respect
of all competitors,

Richards defeated S, Lee Alexander,
a Columbia freshman, 8-—6, 6-3, Hen-
derson disposed of S. Sandberg, a local
youngster, 6—1, 6—3, and Emerson
scored over Herbert W. Haidenstein, the

 

come we can have it only against nations which have suffered a loss
While these battles were in PrORTCSS | equivalent: to our own during’ the present war. Nay, more; I go 80
Abraham Bassford 3d was fighting his! ¢. as to say we should mect only nations that have fought on our side

oan to ue ae ea tecndee patil dag in what ia not merely a military war, but a struggle for the right against

the semi-final by 6-—1, 7-5. Baasford, the wrong.”
will meet the winner of the match he-; -
ar oe Donaldson and F. T. cee! Col Pierce's Message to the Colleges.
‘or the title »
3 _ L. Dornhelm When Col. Palmer Pierce of the War College makes the president's
Se eroantowas Pay ronhed the anal address at the opening of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's
in the doudles. They disposed of J. Her-| convention at the Astor this morning he {s expected to transmit a message
mann and KE. Brawner in the semi-final] from President Wilson and Secretaries Baker and Daniels. That message
at 6—2, 6—1. is expected to reiterate in stronger terms that delivered by Mr. Baker at
the association's congress in Washington last August, when the head of the

 

The contest between Emerson and
Halderstein in the singles was the
feature of the day's play. Thelr shots
were accurate and deadly. The first aet,;
was a service duel. Each player bounded 1

tinue their sports, but to cut down expenses.

The country has recoiled from the first shock of war and now seems
into court in a way that bordered on &/| to be in a more or Jess natural state of equilibrium. Harvard, Yale, Prince-
violation of the foot fault rule, but 88) ¢on and other colleges which showed a tendency to do away with sport
any advantage that might have been’ coom to realize that they turned in the wrong.direction. It has been proved
gained by ete rat oe he. atch Naa that ¥f is a highly difficult task to interest collegians in sport through the
eediy vinrae aaah dence the East; Mere fun and benefit they may get out of it by individual practice. The
Orange Jad rallied and by crog# volleys; big incentive of competition--and the more open competition the. hetter—

is an essential. That was proved at Harvard last fall, when the university
Cid away with competitions and soon had to discharge the coaches in every-
thing except football. Percy Haughton recently said: “I expect to see
sport of a leas informal nature next year.” Coming from Harvard's leading
coach,that expression should convinee Harvard in particular that participa-
tion in sport must
, hearted urd thoroughly uninformal,
had hia hands full)
Alexander took ai comeeneegtnnen
lead at the start of the first set and) x
needed ‘bHIy one point for the set, but] Dr. Williams to Make a Football Proposal.

the bors’ champlon came through with | Dr. Harry Williams of Minnesota, chairman of the footbali committee

a dazzling finish. The strokes of the! of the National Collegiate Athletic Association, this afternoon will make a
Yonkers boy bewildered his opponent) plea for the spectator at football games.
and enabled Richards to win the set at! pering the
§ to 6. In the next set Alexander did}
not play to his best form and Richards
had little trouble-in winning the match.

The rally tired Emerson and Halder-|{
stein took the next set without extending |
himself. The New Jersey lad came back:
strong. however, in the next set and out-
volleved und outdrove Halderste!n in!
sizzling exchanges and won the set ant
the match.

Richards,

 

not be limited In any way, and that it must be whole

if we may use that expression. Let

too, there be no pretence,

Dr. Williams is opposed to num-
players on the ground that the numbers are taken advantage
of by the enemy and its scouts, but he proposes some other method of
making the crowd in the stands aware of what is happening on the field.

Isn't that rather a severe arraignment of football? Isn't it a thor-
cughly unsatisfactory game that requires a code whereby those who look
The fact

The Summaries.

Championship
Emerson,

on may be made aware of what they are looking at? is that

Indoor
‘Gerald

Juntor Nationa!

Singles —Fourth round: football does not deserve the coals of fire Dr. Willlams unconsciously heaps

 

 

 
 

 

IRR ae RAKES CET “hoo! fer: .

Rast eee ee ee ee ee ae OL ieaiaity, on it. No matter what means are taken to inform the crowd, football always
14-12, 1-8, f—-1; Vincent Richards, Yon-; will be a game mainly of and for the football man. We sit and watch two
Kors HEH BORO: a ey Slee Mex | great chess masters struggle through a match which evidently is a wonder-
ander, © , toe

Hendereon, Amherst, defeated
York, 6-1, 6-3
Indoor Champtonship

Richards and]

 

Kéward H

berg, New
r National
First

about and the whole thing is a bore,
Similarly in football,

We don’t know the game.

perhaps 90 per cent. of the onlookers do not

   
 

“ker and Attenheim.! know the game and they do not take the trouble to learn it. It's a compli-
_endrickeva Wl) cated game and the public has been led to belleve that it is even more

ards and Taylor l intricate than it really is.
‘nterberg, 6-4, @-—8 Newport

‘ . shadist

defeated Siag' voted it

de- At the recent contest between Rutgers and the
Naval Reserves at Ebbets Field the average man in the stands
an uninteresting exhibition. The forward pass was used seldom.

Vyet the man who knew the kame saw in thal contest @ sustained off tackle
cs Bareeer jattack by Rutgers that to him was far prettier than a series of long and
“Third rouad: Taylor and Richards won! invariably unsuccessful and boresome forward passes. The task of educating

from Wack and Hendrickson by ta the 1 : now wt ei eK : "
Hermanr and Brawner defeated j th bu adic 9 k a0 what going on in the game appears far too great to
; } tackle just now.

   

won

   

 

 
    
   
 

   

 

 

     

ald and Killeen, ¢---4, 5—7, 6—8; Ba | The pennant waving miss would not have half the good

“ha Dene defeated Saunders’ and) time were she to bother with details,

Loughman >, 6-8; Emerson and Dorn- | at

heim defea W. BG. and F. Tv. Osgood, ;

6—<, 6—1 } s F ry
Semi- nal Mmerson and Dornhetm de- Perhaps Fulton Was a Bit Indiscreet.

‘feated Hermann and Brawner, ‘e 2, asi In a recent issue of a Memphis newspaper we find a paragraph which
Bove’ Champtonship—-Semi- final: | e : > j Pe Ye, ha 4 i .

Baustord ‘8d defeated Isadore Cohen, ¢—1,| tells about Billy Haack's being the manager of Harry Tate. Last Tuesday

; ; Billy Haack refereed the bout in which Fred Fulton was disqualified in
the first round for fouling Tate. We do not know if Haack still was Tate's
manager last Tuesday. If he was Fulton and his manager were gullty
of gross indiscretion. Fulton may have been ‘‘jobbed’’—-and then again he
might have fouled, as he very well knows how. The Tate whom Fulton
fought Was not, aS some have supposed, the elongated negro, Bill Tate, who

ST. JOHN'S BEATS SOLDIERS.

Collegians Score Over Camp Upton
Bakketball Team, 29 to 23.

think it

Ass, Semi-Finals-—Charles fough ‘ * see re
Pilkington, Union Settlement A. C., de- Basketball {s rapidly beooming the fc ught some in these parts, but an Oklahoma white, who at one time was a
tented Anion ns. pgauliat A.C, Uiree) cnet form of recreation at the army, (Parting partner for Carl Morris and was knocked out in three rounds by
rounds; udges’ decision, } F ser Wier y
A. Kiein, Bronvasie A. C., defeated Max | cantonments. This was evidenced last; Vorky Flynn.
Bautinan, ; Rutgers dymnaaium, four; night when several thousand soldiers areereemcemmmcce
rounds; referees’ decision. mmed Columbus Hall at Yaphank. “G ' > ; > ; : ’ ;:
; 125 Peune Class-- Final bout —charies | ame . waish the game betwann the | 1 Gotch's ie hold was anne a bugaboo,” declares a Western historian,
‘tikington, Union Settlement A. ©, ee eee . .., |} Cand Was user or the moral e i i atst
feutedta, itlain ironed ales ck: C2 rounds; | 305th Infantry and the St. John’s Col-} who. hle we oarly Me k mes a his: opponents, Matsada Sorakichi,
Judge's decision jlege five. St. John’s won, 29 to 28. | vhose ankle was nearly broken by 4 toe hold obtained by Gotch, does not
185) Pound Class, Semi-Finals— Fred |
Hamilton, East Side House, defeated | {
Frank Varona, Hronxdale A.C, three!
reunda: tudgea’ decision, Samual Mos-{
berg, unattached, defeated Frank B, Cas-}
elity, Forty-sinth Aero Squad, three}
rounds; judges’ decision, ‘
185 Pound Cias#--Final  Bout-- Fred |
Hamilton, Kast Side House, defeated Mos- |
berg. unattached Mowberg was disqua

  

fied *y Referee Tom Smith tn third rour

for rough tactics.
158 Pound Class,

Lagonia Vranvdale

 

Sem!-Finals—-Samue} |
A. © defeated A,'

Silverstein, Union Settlement A. C., three!
rounds; Judges’ decision {
13s) Pound Class -Final Bout-—-Samuel

Iagonta, Hronxdaie A. (,
O'Boyle, Fort Wadsworth; two rounds,
stopped by referee. O' Boyle quit. O' Boyle
also quit In his bout In the 175 pound ¢ aes

176 Pound Class, Semt-Finals—Jamesa J
Tully, Side A, C., defeated
Andrew O' Boyle, Wadsworth, in one

defeated A.

 

New Wes

 

Fort

 

 

1|DECIDE TO FOSTER,

BOXING IN COLLEGES

Wrestling Also Is Recom-'
mended by National Body.

A talk by Walter Camp on athtetice |
the naval training stations—a work
which he directs for the Government
featured the meeting of the executive |
committee of the National Collegiate ;
Athletic Association at the Astor last
night. In the main the session was taken
up with putting tnings in shape ‘for |
the twelfth annual convention of the
association to-day, The committee forim-
ulated a resolution advocating the gen- |
eral adoption of riffe shooting as the
principal sport at all the colleges, and
will present the resolution to the ag-!
sxoclation’ this afternoon,

Tt alsa was decided that committ@s
should be appointed to foster boxing and
wrestling in the colleges. Such com-
mittees will be named to-day--one for
each sport. New Hampshire State Col-
lege and Texas Agricultural
College were

at

 

 

and |
admitted,

leges,

There will be three sessions to-day,
At this: morning's session, beginning at |
16 o'clock, Col. Palmer KE. Pierce, pres- |
{dent of the association, will deliver;
an address; President W. H. Faunce of;
Brown will speak on “Athletics for the
Service of the Nation"; President George |
BE. Vincent of the General Education |
Board will speak on “Athletics and Na-,
tional Efficiency’; Dr,
of Princeton will talk on “Recreative
Games and Competitive Athletics in
Military Training Camps.”

b

;& major

J. KB, Raycroft| fleet surgeon, Alexander Berger, treas-

The infantry men failed to make a « it was a bugaboo. Hackenschmidt, who was forced into submission
better showing because of a lack of} DY Gotch’s toe hold and other rough tactics, also will not subscribe to the
team work. However, their individual} bugaboo theory.

efforts surpassed that of the collegians | Z
portion of the game. The

The Height of Optimism in Cincinnati.

 

 

lineup:

St. John's (29) 205th Infantry (28). | The management of the Cincinnati club already has sold 4,000 seats
Farrell» Hight torward ‘mteubenwall| ne the ope ning game next April. This advance sale is a regular thing in
Gentian, @entia ; Ueebe neland, and in our opinion indicates a height of optimism rarely reached
Mahoney Right guard ... + Wagner | in these environs. Out in Cineinnati they begin selling world’s series
’ enetl eae Jett wusrd rans geen Ae reservations if the club is near the top at mid-season,

! Geotte, Steubenwall 3; White 8 Geebe 2. |

 

Goals from foul--Goette 7, Geebe 7. Time’ . *
Gokia sre Saul--Goatte to ‘ { Fred Brainard a First Lientenant.

COCH “AGAIN VICTOR i Fred Brainard may not have been good enough for the Giants, but he

| takes greater pride in his present position than he did in his being a member
en neererene | of the MeGraw forces, Brainard, who on leaving the Gants went to Proyvi-
Wins Two More Billtard Matches | dence, has been commissioned a First Lieutenant and lua bee

Nn assigned to
+ mates é round; stopped by referee. ‘ . , ‘or , Tex < ; ‘
uke th 2 A ede he sane ae Heavyweight Class—-Final hbout—-.Jamer From Catler, ed Ba coe einen ORS: Tex. ee a er of Atlanta, brother of
sme ; a French defe Mehl J. Tully, New West Side A. CL, defeated, ‘elker C 5 ‘y Mrsicine Mayer o e ies, is another: ba layer who has
lasted seventy moves, saved the day | Cap Halligan, Naval Reserves; 2 rounds | Welker Cochran last night continued ; has enlisted.

‘his briliiant balk line play at Daly's| Mayer attracted great attention during the Federal League war and after

 

 

 

 

    

  

 

morrow, and the starters will be Irving
Brown's Say When, Robert 8, Johnson's
Gull, Andrew White's) Brownie and)
Capt, Dan Asay's Zero 2d, |

At to-nigit’s meeting of the North |
Shrewsbury Club challenges from the}
Independent Club of Red Bank and the |
South Shrewsbury of Long Braneh for |

ton was manned by Capta. J. c,
and Heitaman, There was a northeast
breeze blow!ng when the yachts were
sent away, which died out on the Iaet
round,

The X. L. N.C. was never headed. She
turned the ten mile tape line in 33 min-
utes flat, with the Jack Frost second
in 38 and the V’rinceton fourth in 41
minutes, There will be another race for
the club cup to-morrow, when more of
the third class fliers will be brought out.
The commodore’s cup will be the Satur-
Jay attraction.

Henry W. Medicus, the former base-
ball magnate, who was treasurer of the
Brooklyn National Leagbe Baseball Club,
was reelected commodore of the Little
Neck Bay Yacht Club for the third time
at the annual meeting Wednesday eve-
ning. Charles Hauck was elected vice.
commodore, A. Norman Iasertell, rear!) the North American championship pen-
commodore, and J, Broady, fleet come; nant were accepted, These twenty mile
modere. Dr, H. RB. Allen was elected | events will Ikely be started within the
‘next week. The unfinished race be-
‘tween the North and South river boats
for the State pennant will take place
within a few days,

urer, and Theobald Purcell, secretary.
The officers of the club and Oscar
Engels constitute the board of trustees,

» 4 :

one amateur athlete competes |

ES

War Department directed the colleges and national athletic bodies to : system would not work, but I be-

Price ,

a a a a ee TD,
iiscenateenee > aaPeananennuee o cee ES

PRESIDENT TENER

National League Executive
Uses Honor System to Stamp
Out Rowdyism.

 

By FREDERICK G. LIER.
The honor system of handling rowdy-
ism on the ball field was tried out by
President Tener of the National League

last season and the experiment, was
successful. Tener admitted yesterday

season the fines of three players guilty
of offensive tactics on the diamond after
the player had “lived down the offence.’*

were catchers Hank Gowdy and Walter
Tragesser of the Braves and catcher
Bill Killefer of Philadelphia, recently
sold to Chicago. These players were
punished early In the season, but their.
fines were remitted at the end of the.
season after they gave their personal
pledge to Tener not to repeat the of-
fence. All three players visited Tener
after fines had been plastered on them
to tell their side of the story, and in

be no fresh outburst on hie part.

“Tam proud to say that not one of
these boys violated the confidence I had
placed in them,” eaid Tener, “I had a
heart to heart talk with each, and we
thoroughly understood each other, I
might say that so far only one player
has taken advantage of me after I de-:
elded to be lenient with him.

Helps Discipline.

“Remission of a fine to an offending
player often does more good than to
let it #tand. The remission in many
eases makes quite an impression on the
Player. He knows the league is in-
clined to deal squarely with him, and
he is in honor bound not to repeat his
offence,

“There are some players with whom

lieve they are in the minority. Nothing
makes an impression on such players
but a heavy penalty, and penalties act
as a club to keep the player within
bounds. But on the whole I have found
that leniency, if It is not misunderstood
as weakness, has brought about splen-
did results

Getting Gianta’ Contracts Ready.

President Hempstead of the Giants,

who has been absent from the city since «

the recent National League meeting, was
back at his desk at Glant headquarters
yesterday. Hempstead began to-day ta
tackle the job of contracts for next seas
son, Contracts must be sent to all mem-
hers of last year's team with the ex-
ception of Zimmerman and Herzog. The
contracts, however, will not be sent out
until the latter part of next month.
While most clubs will use the axe on
their salarles next season, the Giants
on the whole will escape a great reduc-
tion, It usually
policy to cut salaries directly
team wins a pennant,
Brooklyn club is 1917 is a shining ex-
ample. Some of the veteran members
of the team, who have slowed up since
Federal

after a
The fate of the

the fat days of
muat accept cuts.
reduced because of the declining effi-
ciency of the player rather than as a

the League,

ful exhibition of brain and chess science, yet we do not know what it's all | W@" policy.

! r
'PARTIZAN REPEATS
| AT CRESCENT CITY

Beats Fine Field of Juveniles
at § 1-2 Furlongs.

Special Despatch to Tun Sex

New Or-LeANS, Dee, 27.-—Partizan, a
| castoff from John Sanford's stable, came
[back after a few days rest and added
}another victory to his credit to-day at
jthe Jefferson Parish track. Ridden by
{George Walls, he defeated a big field
lot good juveniles over a five and a half
furlong route. Mary's Beau fintshed
second and Lady Kileen was third. Par-
tigan was at 6 to 1.

An hour later Walls returned to the
' saddle and rode Dolina to victory at
‘the good odds of 7 tol.
second place and third honors went to
Paw, The summaries;

First Race--Two vear-olds:
puree $405, five and one-half furlongs,
Partizan, 198 (1) Walle), 6 to 1, 2 tol and
even, firs Mary's Reau, 104 (L.
tol, > ta 2 and 6 to 5, second; Lady Bileen,
192 (A, Johnson), 4 10 3, 7 to S and 7 to 10,
third, Thme, 1:05 Pau! Connolly, June
Bug. Onico, Miss Bryn and Miss Sweep
niso ran

Second Race-- Puree $400; claiming
three-year-olds and upward; six furlongs,
Sandy lad, 110 (W. Dunkinson), 7 to 3,

to & and out, first; Contestant, 110 CW,
(Kelsay), 9 te to 6 and 2 to 5, second;
Petrograd, 11 Robinson), 10 to 1, 4 to
1 and 8 to % irk Time, 1:20 4-5, Bt
jetta, Rob os, Adeline L, Christabe!
and Inch a

Third R
ward; claimir r ; one mile and
a sixteenth, ann, 3 . Ktirling), 4 to

'
1, $ to Sand 4 to 3, first; Tarleton P., 104
(A. Johnson), 6 to 2, even and 1 to 2, sec

 

 

 

claiming

 

 

   
   
 
   

  

and

 
  

up-

ond: Huda’s Brother, 104 (J. Meonevi, &
to 3, 4 ¢o and te & third Time,
1:54 2-8 Sister Riley, Batwa, Rubicon IL,
Fiying Feet and Lewis Opper also ran.

Thr ar-olds and up
purse $500; one mile and
Dolina, 102 (Wall's), 7 to 1,
7 60
second:
& to ™ and
Kebo,

  

Race-
claiming;
yards

Fourth
ward
seven
2 to do even
Willis), 16 to 5,
Paw, 108 «M, tiarner), 6 to 1,
4 to $, third, Time, 1:49 4-6.
tedlard and Cheeks also ran,

Fifth
ward;

ve

 

 

  
  
 

first; Merchant,
pyen and 1 to 2,

 

   

Reno,

year-olda
00;

Race—
claiming;

Three
purse

and
one mil

up-
e aint

 

   

a aixteenth Brian Horu, 109 «Bureer), §

 

 

room, when he won two more, games; being signed by the Brooklyn Federals was brought back to Washington | 19,3 (2 1 and § to 5. first; Napoieom 110
from Albert G. Cutler. In the after-| by a court order. friowl, 7 te to 3 ANG. sven aetond),
noon game the youngster scored 300 to — =~ — eae ; ; : Rea eth he thivd Tipe, Si88-/3c8. Pan de
ST by his opponent, and the night game : =} Chance, Hester Smifh, Executor, Lady
resulted 300 to 19 in favor of the lowan, |MOONLIGHT RACES |X. L.N.C.ICE YACHT (| “erminston WOW cari and Ekta “aia
Cochran made a splendid run of 209 {DADs el lv aacamh peas nanGlde’ tana ca
c ery -ole ane ip.
in the afternoon game and 191 at night, ON THE SHREWSBURY | WIN. ward; claiming; purse $500; one mile and
The match now stands 2.400 for Cochran con ee | SA T LONG BRANCH | a sixteenth Little ¢ Olle g es 98 (Mooney),
: Cutler, The scores: | 2 to 1, 4 to 8 and 2 to 5, first; Taxi, 9§
ROS AES Tee Sree ee ee \Jee Yachtsmen and Skaters|Never Headed in First Race. (Walls), 8 to 1, 3 to 1 and § to 5, ancond
wUUs Pant Fae | * ° Minnie FB, 105 ¢Pooles » tol, © 1 and
Cochran~18, 209, 10, 7, 60, 0, 1, 0, d-~} Enjoy Winter Sports. of Third Class Boats. }2 tol, third. Time, 1:34 Duke of Shelby,
300, Migh runs, 20%, o0, 18 Average, | vee go = Wien Rose Juliette, Requiram, Colfax, Toddling
$3 3-9. ' 2 of et ane weer. jana Jabot also ran,
Cutloren’, % 8.18 1.2 - 7. High | Special Despatch to Tan Sv» Special Despatch to Tar Sus eT Re
runs, 22, 16, Average, : Rep Bank, N. J, Dec. 27.-—I1ee yaeht-| Lona Branem, N. J, Dee, 27.—-Three |
NIGHT GAME, ling and skating by moonlight was theyof the fastest third clasa ice bos NEW ORLEANS ENTRIES.
‘oot 11, 0, 4. 7% 8 19%. 10, 48, 28-4 zk sna ; Bat 8 they astes hird class ice boats of eet
au0. High rune, i9t, 4, 38, “Average, | unusual Sport enjoyed tasnight pu the: the Long Branch Ice Boat and Yacht | pirst Race Maiden twoyearolds: @ fy:
$3 3-9, North Shrewsbury, undreds of skate | oqyy { * Jlongs (i>): Menolula Box, Wa: Gillgan, 11¢;
Cutior—0, 0,1, 7. 9.1, 219. High | ers glided over the smoothest and hard. | “lu? Meet took part in the frat race of | VARY dainty, Mt; Flapper, 111; Hasty. Riches,
FUNM Fy Boke AVOFA RRL F 82K lest ice seen here in years. Part of the} Se Season this afternoon, It was a, 19 siomeward prune. |e saitenty Mabel,
ool oe lriver alse was illuminated by large are;ten mile spin for the club cup and was ' ih, Odalte we. UL. Blue Water, 111: eCruct!
BILLIARDISTS AT LAWLESS. jyiita in front of the North Shrewabury | won by John I. Price and W,. a. [ ble, 1st tHouey Suckle, 198; *Gleam, 106,
S alk i . » at! ’ Facnt’ : se ane he di . , 0 Second Ruce Three-yenr-olds and up, 6 fur
In the 18.2 balk line tourney at llce Yacht's clubhou e an 1 the Hahted | Stevens's yacht X. In NG. ean | ae 4 ae Daren Ere ane a Brae
Lawler Bros,’s room, , Brooklyn, last) Monmouth Boat ( lub, Among the ice |” a ae i | Jonee CHD) len itl, “110s Derdents 100; Wawa
‘night J. Neustadt (140), defeated H, yaehtsmen out was Reuben White, ane owned by Judge Henry 8. Terhune Of Tos: MRuvoco, 109; "erin, 101; Silvey
C Merrill (160), by 140 to 74, The of the best skippers in tis section, who} Matawan, The X. L. N, Co was aailed Shapiro, Ws) Sir Te doo, td: Peculiar, 11;
winner averaged 5 and made a high! was sailing his uew yacht Moonlight. by Capt. T, Fraser Price and George parece. Veter Jay, 109; *Rrighouse, 113;
run of 43, ©. White (200), defeated F.) Owing te lack of wind a match race] Third Race—Clalming,  three-year-olda and
Boyd (140), by 200 to 87. The winner's between the Gull and Brownlie was! * ' fup, 8 furlongs U5); Ore MoGee, 1: Milton
average was 8 and his high run 41 called off after the former had led in The Jack Frost, owned by Capt. James | Holilee isi don Bas, Wt; is True, UGS ant
' } ‘ ap The ' : | latse n, 119, *Premo Vera, » *Leialoha, :
mt | the iret np Of an slant male Ea o rhe (O'Brien, was railed by Capts. William | pind Lore, 106: Shadrach, 113; “Ampere IT,
MEDICUS AGAIN COMMODORE, | COmMMOCOr Buxton and Clarence Green, The Princes | J)1) Hauke Mae, Ui Hen’ | Brothor | 14;

Trewen, 108; *Scarpla ID, 14) Running Queen,
104,

Fourth Race Leo
1 mile (Ss Cobalt) ans,

A Marrero purse for all

  

Anes, "7; Woodtrap
112: Penrod, 12: Bryntineh, 115 Producer
(imp.), 100; Warsaw, U2 Cracow, 6; Ninety
Birnplex, 115,

Fifth Race--Claiming, three-vear-olds and
‘up, Loaile (1%: Tours, 18; Steleliff, 111; Re
mont, Wi: Stante S.. WW: Baby Raseh, 104
| ive Puistle, it 1 Welch. 2b: Coase
feumer, P11; Coran Lane, la; Miss Repre
went, 99. :

Sixth Race--Claiming, three-vear-olds and
vp, t mile (20) King Hamburg, 116; Sam Slick

Roval Tea, 11);
Cruees, 12>
tl: Sentinel,

imed.

114; Tnquleta, Us:

111; Btout Heart, 16
V1; Huda's Brother, 1)
"Apprentice allowanve ¢

4 Colse x,
mM) Ley,
™,

 

 

“thy

Merchant took’

Lyke), 8°

HIGH LIGHTS AND SHADOWS __[FINES REFUNDED BY |

that he had refunded at the end of the '

The players placed on their honor’ ”

each case Tener agreed to remit the .
fine to the player provided there would

is considered poor’.

Such salaries will be |

 

 

aad

eT ee ee

ures tae
ee a oe

ome