A RAIN

 

 

14;

HYLAN WILL VISIT
* PRESIDENT TO-DAY

 

+44, ‘

 

 

 

under Mayor Gaynor, visited Judge
Hylan ~eaterday, but was said not to
} be seeing office. Senator Robert F.}

Wagner called with Dr. BE. Stagg Whitin,
chairman of the National Committee on
, Prison Labor, who presented an argu- |
ment for the continuance of the Board |
of Parole. The Smith bill in Congress
provides for the use of prison labor on |

Washington Conference May war time work, and Dr. Whitin told!

Be of Vital Importance to
City’s Affairs.

POLICE HEAD UNCERTAIN

 

 

Hulbert Wanted

Judge Hylan the Board of Parole should |
be the agency tod decide what prisoners |
were suitable for this work. t

Comptroller-elect Charles 1. Craig
visited the Finance Department yester- |
day and .was introduced by Mr. Bran |
dergast to bureau and department heads,

William J, Lee, Supervisor of Recroa-
tion, is one of the men being considered |
by Judge Hylan for Park Rens

So Badly inj of Manhattan and Richmond. .

 

eomeate Dock Post. (HYLAN AID BLOCKS |

*

 

. Mayor-elect Hylan left last night for
Washington, where he will see President
ileon to-day. <An appointment at the
ite House was arranged by Senator
William M. Calder and Representativo
Thomas F. Smith. Judge Hylan will
return to New York this evening.

* He said he was going merely to pay |

his respects to the President, but as

there are several points invoiving the !

city’s wartime relations with the Gov-
ernment to be discussed no one wil! be

More than a courtesy call.
port activities

Coordination |
is one of there.

tase from William G. McAdoo,
[ or General of Railroads,
ahead with the settlement of the
Side track removal problem. (

Again, Judge Hylan, it ts said, be-|
eves that the Home Defence League|
Ras justified its existence and should,
be retained, but that the cost should be
borne by the Government rather than
the city, anf he may mention that to!
officials he meete in Washington.
ie conceivable that he may wish to lay
before the Washington authorities sug: |

as;
to go

BUS ROUTE ACTION

Outgoing Board of Estimate)
Enjoined From Granting
New Franchises.

 

 

A temporary injunction preventing tne other way," he said, “because they have
Murprised if the meeting develops into’ Board of Estimate from holding a hear-{ developed

ing to-day on the Fifth Avenue Coach

‘Boolrar matter which may come up is! Company’s application for a franchise to| meetings of your committee is that I
the possibility of the city getting per- | run omnibuees over new routes was have'never been

granted by Justice Gavegan yesterday
on application of Henry i. Mein, an

West, attache of Mayor-elect Hylan’e head-| touting a private cure or a doctor who

quarters. {

Argument as to making the injune-
tlon permanent is set before Sustice |
Platazek for 19:50 o'clock this morning, |

\ the hour at ‘which the Board of Estimate | the way things are going.

was to begin ftx final meeting. «It!
is believed the whole bus franchise mat-!

It also | ter will have to be passed over to the| smashed rings right and left,

new administration, which is what Judge
Hylan and his associates desire.
Justice Gavegan said !t appeared to

| vidual who has been convicted for drug

me
.

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

Bett

wees eee -

 

PRIVATE DRUG CURR | WOMEN’S CLUBS ORGANIZE
TO PROSECUTE WAR WORK

General Board Will Direct Activities of the Several
Hundred Organizations and Will Seek to Prevent
Friction and Waste.

ADVERTISERS HI

Swann ‘Aid Accuses Them of
Drug Peddling and At-
tacks Doctors.

 

With the elogan “Women's organizna- |

FEDERAL , HEADS HEARD | tions must be put on a war basis," rep-

reventatives of about 200 such bodies in
New York city gathered in the Alder- |
manic Chamber ‘at City Hall yesterday
jat the call of the Mayor's Committee of
{Women on Natlonal Defence. Mrs. |
{Charles Cary Rumsey, chairman of the
| committee’s department on coordination,

told the meeting that the incoming
anes attack on the private Insti. | iin’ aenntieee” somes la won a
which advertise a cure for drug} that the purpose was now to establish a
addicts was made yesterday at the hear- clearing house for the 825 women's clubs
ing of the Whitney legislative commit- | 4"d societies registered with it.
tee by Assistant District Attorney Unger, we wie ace hea and “he
who has charge of drug cases for the! committee faces the tittle task of sep-
prosecutor’s office, arating the aforesaid 325 organisations
“More harm is done by the existence

into fifteen or sixteen groups, according
to thet ¥
of the so-called private cures than any Dein Gee Le aes Ge ee ce ee

from each to serve on the board. Mrs.
Rumsey thought it would take them a
week to do it.

Mrs. Willard D. Straight, chairman of
the committee, opened the meeting, in-
troducing Mrs. Rumsey.

 

 

Urge Heavier Punishments—
Justices Want Addicts Re-
garded as Non-criminals,

 

 

into drug peddling. One of
the most astounding things about these

at a meeting here but

what I have seen a doctor who has been Will Call Coanctil Monthly,

“We propose to call one of these coun-
cils monthly from now on.” Mrs. Rum-
sey said. “We women have got to learn
to coordinate. and the first thing is to
get the will to coordinaie. Just as at
the training camps the men are Biver |
bayonet practice partly that they may |

has been convicted or a private indi-

peddling, sitting here and gloating over

“We have been able to drive the ped-

ler from the streets and we have} #@t the will to use the bayonet when it's
To-day | #, Westion of their life or the Hun's in
there are few pedlers in the under-| N° Man's Land, so we must get the will |

World, but to-day the drugs are being to subordinate personalities, to stand to-|

 

DECEMBER 28, 1917.

 

 

 

 

the offer of her girls as entertainers, and
80 many other women followed her ex-
ample that Mr. Haynes was quite daz-
zled by the rays of sunshine that en-
veloped him and beat a hasty retreat
after promising to call them up by
‘phone when he needed them. Mrs. Alice
Viecher Harcourt of the Stage Women's
War Relief announced dances at the
Grand Cer@ral Palace Saturday night
and New Year's eve and called for chap-
erons for the boys on these occasions.
A number of women volunteered,

Mrs, Sara Douglass, whom the Mayor's
Committee of Women has maintained
as a protective officer in Manhattan,
made a stirring appeal for at least ten
women officers with police powers to
look out for girls on the streets in
these trying times,

“It's no slur on the soldier,” she said,
“to say that in a state of war things do
go on that would rot be tolerated in
times of peace, A uniform does fascinate
many girls; the boys are lonesome, and
some of them get the idea, and tell the
girls so, that because they are going

away to fight for us, girls ought to be , about it.”

I'm
the

willing to give them a good time.
talking now of ‘pickups’ on
street——”"

Interrapts With Denial.

Right here Mrs. Douglass was stopped
by Mrs. George A. Wheelock, whose ire
was roused by the notion that a soldier
could say anything of that sort. She
told Mrs. Douglass that she “didn't be-
lieve a word of it,“and Mrs. Dougiass
stared sternly at her, but hostilities were
prevented by the introduction of a reso-
lution to the effect that the council

 

|

|

|
|
|

SCHOOLS SHAKEUP

[PRICES 70 BR FIXED

IS DENTED BY HYLAN) ON MEAT AND MILK

 

Knows Nothing of Plan to!

Fliminate Examiners and

Superintendents. t.

 

_-— '

WOULD REQUIRE NEW LAW|

Board of Seven to Be Appoint-
. ed Before January 2, Says
Mayor-elect.

 

No Official of the city Department of |

 

Retailers Agree to Suggested
Regulation of Profits for
Next Three Months.

 

NEW PLAN FOR SUGAR

 

Bronx Grocer’s License Re-
voked by Mitchell—Pater-
son Dealer Accused.

 

The margin of profit to retail dealers

Education was cast into gloom yester-| in meat and milk probably will be fixed

| Ofganigation

}
'

'
|
|

| causes

as to the appointment of a Police Com-
missioner and see how the candidates!
are regarded as potential aids to the
Government in the alien enemy situation.

his satisfaction that the present Esti-
mate Board's proposed hearing was il-
legal and that the board was ‘‘threaten-
ing to do illegal and wasteful acts.”
Mr. Klein deposed that the Fifth Ave-
nue Coach Company was closely allied
to the Interborough Rapid Transit Com-
pany and that granting of the proposed
franchise would give the Interborough
contro! of all the main thoroughfares of
Manhattan and The Bronx. He also

@estions that have been made to ome |

* » Police Head Not Certain.

Judge Hylan said yesterday afternoon
that the Police Commissionership was
not settled. The same is true of other
important appointments that -be ita
scheduled to make on Tuesday. He is
having trouble in a quarter which was) said that to-day’s hearing was set by
regarded as trouble proof. It had been| eleven votes of the Estimate Board,
faken for granted that Representative! whereas twelve votes were réquired.
Murray Hulbert would be Dock Commis-! He alleged that the proposed franchise
floner, but it looked yesterday as if his! violated the City Charter and was a bad
Party needed him too badly in Congrees.| bargain for the city.

Where the Democrats thought they had| He said the franchise permitted re-

dispensed by doctors and druggists, who
are ghouls in human form. We hope to
round up a lot of them and send them
to jail.” he said, casting his eye over
the half filled room.

Federh! Officers Teatify.

The day was devoted mainly to hear-
ing the testimony of city and Federal
authorities charged with the enforce-
ment of the drug laws. They also made
sugcestions to the committee, advocating
heavier punishment for illicit drug, sell-
ing, greater restrictions on the use of
drugs by physicians except for the
ordinary practice of their profession
and for a centra) distribution bureau.

Justice Cornelius J. Collins of the

se eset NSD ESSE

which is as important as the work of | proposition. Mrs. Harcourt objected
our soldiers abroad.” | that the resolution was too vague.

Tt took all of Mra. Rumsey's skill to!
subordinate the personalittes of various
women who imimediately wanted the
floor to relate the history of their vari-
ous organizations and to tell what they
were prepared to do for their country.
However, she succeeded in introducing
& mere man, Rowland Haynes, who rep-
resented Raymond Fosdick, for the New
York War Camp Community Service.
Mr. Haynes told the women that what
was needed most now was help in en-
tertaining the thousands of soldiers and
sailors pouring through New York.

“There are anywhere from 30,000 to
40,000 right along,” he said. “And Satur-

“How are we going to get the ten po-

| Heewomen?” she asked,

“Lat ten clubs represented here volun-
teer to support one each,” piped up a
voice in the rear, but this drew a storm
of protest.

i “It would be a great pity to do that
when the city should do it!’ cried Mrs.
William Willcox, suffrage leader of
Staten Island. ‘And, remember, we are
voters now and can ask things with some

| confidence.”

| Mrs. Harcourt agreed that the matter

| should be put up to the new administra-

gether in this our war work at home,! should stand behind the ten =
\

|

|

| tion, but said that as it would be some !

}

| Operation

day by the published report that Mayor- |
elect Hylan proposes » wholesale re-
of the school system in
which the board of examiners and the
aesociate and district superintendents
are to be eliminated. Superintendents
who have been in conference with Judge
Hylan over proposed changes were chief
among the scoffers at the rumor. Judge
Hylan himself said: “I know nothing

“I thought the article was a joke,” pr. |
Clarence E. Meleney, an  aseociate,
superintendent said. “I have been in!
conference with Judge Hylan several,
timer, with other superintendents, and at
no time did he give any indication that
he was contemplating such a revolution.

“It would be impossible to do away
With the twenty-six district superinten- |
dents without an amendment to the city |
charter, Under the jaw they hold office
for life and can be removed only for
Which {nvolve their personal
fitness, The associate superintendents
are appointed by the Board of Education
for six years, under the law, and simi-
larly cannot be arbitrarily removed. |
Every employee of the Department of|
Education is protected by the civil ser- |
vice law and cannot be removed except
by abolishing the position held. The
board of examiners, like the district
superintendents, hold office for life.

Called Utterly Absurd.

“The proposal for this reorganization
as announced is utterly absurd,” Dr.
Meleney said. ‘It should not be taken
seriously.”

At the Hylan conferences, this official
said, the only matters discussed were the
of the Gary system, which!
Judge Hylan wants to eliminate; how

 

within the next eight days as a result
of hearings held by the Food Adminis-
tration yesterday.

Milk was considered at a hearing at
the City Hall; meat at a meeting of re-
tail dealers held at the offices of the Food
Administration in West Fifty-seventh
street. At the end of the milk hearing
{t was announced that after a consid-
eration of the evidence taken the Fed-
eral Milk Commission might set a price
as early as the end of this week which
shall be controlling for the first three
months of 1918. The meeting of the re-
tail butchers ended bv their appointing a
committee which {is to make a report on
prices within seven days. The price of
meat also, when the dealers shall have
arrived at it, will control in this city for
the first three months of the coming

year.

The butchers, like most food dealers
who have answered the invitation of the
Food Administration to cooperate with
it, began their meeting in a spirit which
found expression in the statement that
an arrangement as to the margin of
profit for retailers could never be
reached. It ended in serenity and har-
mony when the fact had been brought
out that the meat sold in low priced and
high priced butcher shops was the same
kind, and that it costs more in one place
than the other on account of the differ-
ence in rent and upkeep of different
stores, .

Question of Saperiority Decided.
This came out when one butcher who

 

 

@ plurality of two over the Republicans
In the lower House, the resignation of!
four Democratic members and the death
of a fifth has given the Republicans a}
lead of three.

«Mr, Hulbert’s resignation would
Grease the disparity. If it were
that a Democrat would be ele
Jace from this city he weud resign any-
way, but this year’s reapportionment by
the Republican Legislature has enla
the Hulbert cistrict so that it now seems
to be Republican by about 5,000.
vacancy would have to be filled by a
special electian called by, the Gocernor.
The election authorities do not know
whether the territory for the spectal
election would be the old district or the

in-

new one carved by the reapportionment?
At the Boari of Elections yesterday it
was said that an opinion would have to
be sought frem the Corporation Counsel,
and he might have to refer the matter to
the United States Attorney-General.

Other Similar Problems.

The same problem exists as to tho
election of successors to three New York j
Democratic Representatives who have
resigned—John G. Fitzgerald of Brook-
lyn; Daniel J. Griffin, who {fs Shertft-
elect gf Kings county, and Henry Bruck-
ner, President-elect of Bronx borough—
although the advantage to the Repub-
Ecans in the reapportionment is moet
Clearly seen in Murray Hulbert's district,
—the Twenty-first—in Manhattan. It
is evident that Mr. Hulbert has no im-
mediate intention cf resigning, for he is
reported from Washington as preparing

bills which he ts to introduce next week. | Statement

It is possible that the appointment of
@ Permanent Dock Commissioner may be
deferred until the Democrats in the
House fee! sure of their ground after the
existing vacancies are filled.

“ While most Democrats here bélieve |

that Wililam P,. Burr will be appointed
Corporation Counsel, the lack of una-
nimity in his support was indicated yes:
tenday by a visit of District Attorney
Swann and his chief assistant, John. T.
Dooling, to Judge Hylan. They thought
that either Alfred J. Talley or William
Harman Black—both of Mr. Swann’s
@taff—should head the city’s law depart-
ment. «
Swann Urges Dooling.

+ Even more interesting than this was
Mr. Swann’s recommiendation of Mr.
Dooling for Police Commissioner. He
told Judge Hylan that he felt sich an
e@ppointment would do more than any-
thing else to insure the required coopera-
tion between the Police Department and
the District Attorney's office. Mr. Swann,
( is understood, has not been pleased by
eports that the police administrator
might be William J. Flynn, head of the
United States secret service, and. re-
minded the Mayor-elect that Flynn is a
Republican.

Mr. Swann ventured the opinion yes-
terday that William J. Flynn would not
ecome Police Commissioner. He wanted
it made plain, however, that he did, not
base this opinion on anything he learned
from. Judge Hylan, whom he saw yes-
teMday.

Mr. Flygn has not seen Judge Hylan
since their interview last week, and his
friends have been unable to Jearn just
Where he etands in the Judges. estima-
tion. A new possibility bobbed up yes-
terday when Allan Pinkerton, partner in
the Pinkerton Detective Agency, called

‘on, the Mayor-elect and stayed three- |

quarfers of an hour. A friend of Pin-
Akerton’s said he would like to be Police
‘Commissioner. It was in answer to a
query about this visit that Judge Hylan
eald to a reporter:

“Yes, Mr. Pinkerton called on me," and
gdded, “Nothing !s settled as to the Po-
Hc Commissionership.”

+ Apparently nobody knows who will be
Fire Commissioner, either. For some
time William F. Doyle of Brooklyn, who
@s.the Fire Department's veterinarian,
has the rank of deputy chief, wae on the
Official slate. Yesterday's gossip had it
that his name had been rubbed out by
@n.eraser wielded by the Brooklyn
Jeatier, John H. McCooey. Charles F.
Murphy would be satisfied with Doyle,
Mr., McCooey would not, and for the mo-
ment at least Mr. Doyle !s in eclipre.
Hearing this, the host of other candi-
Gates for Fire Commissioner redoubled
their efforts. One of these was said to
be Thomas J. Drennan, Deputy County
Clerk of Kings, Doyle, it may be noted,
was chief organizer of the Business
Men's League which ran Judge Hylan's
campaign, and fs held in high regard by
the Judge.

For Street Cleaning Post,

John T. Featherston's refusal to re-
main as Street Cleaning Commissioner
bas made another rift in the Hylan
@late. Frank Shaughnessy, who has a
trucking business in Manhattan, and
HW. Milton Kennedy of Brooklyn, in-
ventor - An improved system of ash
removal, each has strong back
thia job, . alitead
4. Although Judge Fylan will become
“Mayor in five days, a man who {s well
-Anside the Tammany circle eald last
he slightest idea
d to any office.
Hyde, City Chamberlain

ywho would be appoint
7 Charies H. ‘
*

certain! ing and public hearings.
sted in ps3! that etreets not included in the com-

rzed | costing $5.000 would be taken over by

valuation for the purpose of renewing}
the contract or taking over the com-!
pany's property to be done by a mere}
Written agreement between the company |
and the Board of Estimate, whereas Sec- |
tlon 74 of the Charter required advertis- |

He also said |

pany's petition were included in the pro- |
posed franchise and that omnibuses

 

the city at $10,000. He asserted that
Messrs, Mitchel, Prendergast, Mathew-|
son, Pounds and Marks were determined
to have the franchise acted upon before
they left office and before some other !
bidder could come into competition with

 

e, the Fifth Avenue Coach Company.

Cornelius M. Sheehan, a lawyer, sup-
ported Mr. Klein's application with an
affidavit saying that the acts proposed
by the Board of Estimate were in de-
flance of the wishes of Mayor-elect
Hylan.

Mayor Mitchel said: “The Board of
Estimate is a law abiding body and will
of course observe any order of the Ru-
Preme Court.”

LIQUOR SCHEME ALLEGED.

.
Auti-Saloon Head Aserts Plan for
Referéndam Is Trick.

William H. Anderson, superintendent
of the Anti-Saloon League, called Sena-
tor Calder’s proposal for a referendum
on the prohibition question in New York
a “scheme of the liquor interests,” {n a
issued yesterday. He said
that he was only surprised that the Sen-
ator delayed so Jong in making his sug-
Sestion, as it first was brought to light
in Washington the day Congress acted.

“They are now proposing the referen-
dum,” said Mr. Anderson, “as a last
desperate refuge in the h that it may
hola back the cause, They hope that it
will give the brewers a chance to make
a campaign with their tremendous cor-
ruption fund and steal the election, even
if a sufficient number of dry votes are
cast.

“It is a violation of the spirit and the
letter of the Constitution, which proyides
the proper means for ratifying a consti-
tutjonal amendment. The advocates
this scheme may rest assured that there
will be a popular referendum. It will
come when there will be an election for |
every Assemblyman and Senator in the
State next fall, if this Legislature fails
to eliminate it as an issue by ratifying
the amendment. The Anti-Saloon League
will oppose any proposition of this kind
ap a liquor trick.”

The League proposes to enlist 5,000
ministers of the Stale in a fight on the
referendum idea.

 

a EL

WIDOW FIGHTS LUDWIG WILL. |

Charges Fraud in Bequest
82,000 in a $200,000 Entate,

Charges of fraud were made yesterday
in the Bronx County Court in connection
with the will of John H, Ludwig, a
piano manufacturer of. 744 Beck street,
The Bronx, who died on March 28, by
his widow, Mrs, Emily Meyers Ludwig.
Judge Louis D. Gibbs reserved de-
cision. ‘

Mrs. Ludwig in the will was left only
$2,000 of an estate estimated at more
j than $200,000. In her complaint she is
supported by her sisters, who allege
that Ludwig was not of sound mind,
| ana that “undue influence” was ex-
+erted upon him in making his will. The
widow declares that the will should not
be probated as it-is a frawdulent docu-
ment,

One of Ludwig's bequests was $10,000
for the benefit of soldiers made blind
in the war. <A bequest of $10,000 is
made to the Thomas Paine Institute of
New Rothelle and $5,000 to the New
York Call “for the propagation of the
teaching of socialism.”

MOTT IS ORDERED HOME.

Draft Board Wants Y. M. C. A. Man
to Fill Out Questionnaire.

A rule of the new draft which ts
likely to affect a large number of United
States citizens engaged In non-comba-
tant war work abroad came to light yes-
terday when it was announced that John

'L.. Mott of Montclair, N. J., head of the

International Y. M. C. A., has been in-
, structed to return to this country from
; France to fill out his questionnaire,

The order was issued by the Mont-
clair Exemption Board and sent to Mr.
Mott by cable, He js at present engaged
in ¥. M. C, A. work on the French
battle front and was a member of the
United States Commission to Russia.

Mr. Mott, who ts a son of John R.

‘Mott of Montclair will be granted the
necessary extension to cover the time
‘occupied in making the journey here.
: It was announced that Mott when given
‘his passports agreed to return when-
ever ordered,

According to this rule it is likely that
\ several war correspondents for Ameri-
;¢an newspapers, besides a large num-
| bar of men of draft age employed in
{charitable work abroad, may be required
{

 

 

 

 

to return,

*practicable,

Court of Special Sessions, chairman of

the consolidated committee of the State

Magistrates Association and the New] we need you those two nights.”

York city committee on drug evil, read} A woman who ¢aid she represented a

a statement to the Whitney committee | Sunshine Club sprang to the rescue with

in which were embodied suggestions for | ————- = :

the handling of the drug problem. He

said in part:
“We regard drug addiction as a serl-!

ous, growing evil, a menace to the indi-!

vidual and to the body politic. i

“We are in favor of Institutional cus: |

{

day and Sunday nights are the problem.
We can inanage the rest of the week, but

 

BUT FOR BARBERS!

Feldstein’s Exemption . Plea|
Falls Flat on Inquiry.

todial treatment whenever and wherever
where medication can be;
administered under favorable circum- |

stances during the drug withdrawal | . ] Locai Ex- |
period, and where suitable ‘convalescing Se URU OE ened need sae ea

!
and recuperating opportunities and facil-|™Ption Board, Division 164, of this
ities can be afforded in order to supply |mity a perfectly good questionnaire, all

 

. ""|HE MAKES UNIFORMS, |ABUSED AS ITALIAN,

| time before the city could put through

such a measure, even if it agrees to
spend the money, women’s organizations
may have to step into the breach. The
policewomen resolution was passed.

ALLEGES BARONESS

Says Croatian Husband Has
Brought War Into Home.

The beginning of hosiilities between
Italy and Austria was the cause of sim-
ilar activity in the household of An-

ie aeary after care to overcome any | properly filled out, affidavited and aa ee Sera to the ts
esire of a return to the habit and to ‘ °o is wife, Baroness Bianca essi
effect the necessary rehabilitation of signed. In the cxemptien space he had | gokolic, Who yesterday filed in the
the patient. stated that he was a manufacturer of | County Clerk's office a complaint in a
“We believe that wherever practicable | uniforms, and therefore should be} suit for Pre ears ‘
this should be @one in public or private; © a‘ person engaged in a “Since the outbreak of the war be-
institutions without the intervention of passed up as us ; wag *ween Italy and Austria,’ says the com-
courts of efiminal procedure, and that | P@cessary industry. __|plaint, “the defendant, who is a Croa-
no person who is merely san addict and This was all well and good until} tian, while reading the news about tne

has not violated the law should be stig- | Stanley M. Isaacs, chief sleuth for the

matized as a criminal. started a little investigation,
We believe, though, that an opportu

nity should be afforded, as provided by whith resulted in Mr. Feldstein being
existing law, for voluntary commit-|haled before the board yesterday.

ments through our courts to hospitals; “And what uniforms, may I inquire,
or institutions maintained by charitable {Go you manufacture?" asked Mr. Isaacs.

| board,

war acted as a maniac toward the plain-
tiff, who is an Ttalinn, saying that the
Ttallans were and are all traitors and
that the plaintiff was one of them, that
the Italians were all murderers and 80
was also the plaintiff and her family.
Since then the defendant has eontinuous-

 

part time can be eliminated from the! is in business on Madison avenue re-
schools, and a practical plan for build-{| ferred to another man present as a “‘lit-

 

ing new schools and improving the;tle dealer on Second avenue.” Second
present buildings. avenue took the floor forthwith and
The Board of Superintendents was! challenged Madison avenue to prove that

asked by Judge Hylan to draw up a!
report dealing with these subjects for!
adoption by February 1. So far as the}
school authorities know, these are the|
only projected changes mn the school;
system. They vefuse to put credence |
in the report published yesterday on!
the ground that the suggested pro-
gramme would upset the whole school |
system, require litigation to amend the}
charter and that {it would yield no;
improvement in school management. i

The only. iminediate opportunity for!
cutting down the administrative forces
for the new Board of Education Hes |
in its authority to abolish certain eler-
ical positions.

“Any one who is acquainted with the
school situation knows,” said Dr. Me- |
leney, “that we haven't enough clerks |
now. To dispense with any number of;
them would be absurd.” j

|

Even Janitors in Civil Service.

It was pointed out by Isadore M. |
Levy, a member of the present Board |
of Education, that even the janitors are;
civil service employees, though there |
are some assistant janitors who are,
hired by their immediate superiors. |

’ ly reproached the plaintiff for being an Arthur S. Somers of Brooklyn, who
or correctional . f * Gov al “Coats o ilitary appearance and{% © s ‘ . ;
ment." branches of our Govern uit ae ae ahawar mit Italian and often has called her a mur-! has been repeatedly mentioned for a!
is “Ah, for privates a officers | deress and a blackhand.” place on the board of seven, said yes-
} eect 7 £ 2 . { Baroness Alessi married Anthony | terday that he has for twenty-five years |
Mafortt : “Weli—er—for barbers. Barber shop! . + > . | 5 fa : ase
j y of Addicts Young. ' as ra pr eae Mr, Feld- | Sekelic in Jersey City on February 6,| been engaged in school board service
More than 60 per cent. of drug ad- preteen guess, stat seer “+1911, They have one daughter, foal gen that he felt it now necessary to}
ein.

icts nc 25 a ‘ !
Sane. nae ve "thonted a ang eee A few minutes later the District Board
Farms, the city honre for their after | received a strong recommendation from |
treatment, are born in New York city, | Mr. Isaacs and his assoc iates that Mr, |
according to Charles Samson, secretary Feldstein wou'd look fine in a coat of
of the Board of Inebriety. He said he | military cut, but which is not worn by
believed addicts were habitual liars, but | the barber shop brigade
nevertheless the honor system is used
at Warwick and there areeno keepers.
t He, serolsed that he had no way of
nowing how many were cur y !
treatment and that many of ah cunts Wilt Distribute Army Supplies te!
ween ane and eee ae crise were oc- Captared Americans.
casionally smuggled into t > i . -
Kidward M. Geanton, Auinent nitae | WasHinaton, Dec, 27.--The American
States Attorney, in charge of drug cases| Red Cross was designated in- army!
in the Federal! courts, told the commit-
tee there are fewer addicts to-day “the |

 

ever before and that he beleives the|°f Quartermasters supplies sent “to
illicit selling of drugs is decreasing. American soldiers and others who may

“But we have found,” he added, “that | be prisoners in the hands of any Power |
physicians have been exploiting the drug| with which the United States may at!
addicts.” any time be at war.” \

Mr. Stanton advocated the establish- The Red Cross has established at |
ment of a central distributing bureau for | Berne, Switzerland, machinery through
drugs and the Mmiting of the physician which food and clothing have been for- |
in the amount he can get for use in his | warded from America to Americans hel? |
ordinary practice. prisoner in Germany, and so fs prepared |

A heavy punishment for illicit drug}to carry on this work for the War De- |
selling is the best way to eradicate that partment. Only a few Americans now

form of the drug evil, according to|are held in Germany, but ag the size |
Richard H. Yancey, an inspector of nar-

of the army on the western front in-}
cotics for the Federal Government, who| creases the number of prisoners !nevi-
said that in some towns the Federal

tably will grow, and the War Department
authoritics had been able to almost wipe

must provide supplier for them. |
out the drug evi! by drastic measures | No announcement has been made by |
and forcing the addicts of the better! the navy, but it was assumed from the)
type to take cures, which in many cases| language of to-day's order that the |
had been effective. naval prisoners also would be furnished |
} necessities by the army. Most of the,
Bogas Exports Made. {men now held in Germany were taken '

The ingenuity displayed by those deal- from merchant ships.

{ng illicitly in drugs was told of by Mr,; To-day's order provides that no money
Yancey, who satd that one of the com-|™may be sent to prisoners for the pur-
monest forms was to pretend to ship; chase of food.

morphine out of the country, but to keep
the drug here and fill the packages with
sugar of milk, which it resembles.
There are some export companies
formed just for this purpose, he said,
and they are alded by the criminal falsi-
fication of records of wholesalers in New
York.

The last scheme unearthed by the
Federal authorities for getting posses-
sion of narcotics for unlawful sale, he
said, was that of a number of young
criminals who tried to pass ‘the civil
service examinations and get places in
the Army Medical Supply Department,
where they would have access to large
quantities of morphine.

Mr. Yancey defended the police drug
squad and said that they had been of
material ald to the Federal authogities,
He admitted that the average police-
man doesn’t understand the addict.

The hearing was adjourned until to-
day at 2 o'clock.

DIES BY GAS AS SHE WISHED.

East Side Victim and Old Husband
Found en Floor,

“Some day T hope to die by asphyxi-
ation.” said Mrs, Martin Wroclowsk! of
412 Sixth street to Mrs. Mary Feadin,
who also has an apartment on the sec-
ond floor of the building.

Mrs. Feadin smelled gas yesterday
and found the’door to the Wroclowak!
apartment half open. She entered. On
the floor were the bodies of Wroclowski
and his wife. Both were dead.

The man was 74 years of age and
his wife was only half as old. Wednes-
day the woman went to Mrs. Feadin's
apartment and complained she had been
overcome by fumes from the gas stove.
Mrs. Wroclowski was paralyzed on the
right aide and her affliction made her
very despondept.*

The Fuel Administrator couldn't find
any fault with Broadway last night. It
was a real lightleas‘night, eo much so
that the cop on the corner at Forty-sec- |
ond street complained that he couldn't |
gee the clock on top of Wallick's at For- |
ty-third street.

“Which means,” he sald, “that when- |
ever I want to know the time I have to
open forty-nine buttons and take off me
gloves, and dig into the little pocket at
the top of me pants to get out me ticker.
But we will all have to do our bit, I sup-
pose. If it keeps up I'll have to put one,
of them wristlets on like the soldiers.” |

While walking up toward Columbua/
Circle, however, THE SUN man suddenly
came upon a line of bright, sparklingly |
brazen lamps strung across the entrance |
to the Fulton Theatre, in Forty-eighth
street. The reporter gasped, and imme-
diately made tracks for the manager.

“Don't you know this is lightless
night?” he asked sternly, and a smile
broadened on the manager's face,

“Sure, for electric lights; but if you
will examine these lamps closely you

 

 

 

 

LIGHTLESS NIGHT OBSERVED; —
WHITE WA Y Is DARKENED «uwmvrer Defends Damage Suit of

Jane, who was born January 3,
Greenville, Mich.
ehild) has been

1914, at

incited against her

mother,

—_——_—____________
|NEUTRAL CONFERENCE PUT OFF |

; also been named in rumor for the board

 

tine Government announced to-day that
the congress of the neutral Latin Amer-

devote
It is alleged that the/ no tfme has any offer of this position

 

[eth sade atelatacint t oatat pore eer Argentine Government Defera |
' {
| RED CROSS AIDS PRISONERS. j Latin Congress Untt! April. |
BvuENos Arnes, Dec. 27.—The Argen- |

|

!

himself solely to business. ‘At

been made to me, directly or indirectly,”
he said.

Ernest F. Wilert. a publisher and a
member of the present board, who has

of seven, said that he had no reason |
to believe he has been selected by
Judge Hylan. "If 1 had been appointed
it seems as though I would have been!
informed about it,’ he said.

President Willcox has received as-
surance from Judge IIylan that the new

the meat it dispensed possessed any su-
periority to Second avenue meat. In the
presence of the experts assembled Madi-
son avenue was unable to justify itself,
and within a short half hour the sense
of the meeting was that this question of
how much was a fair profit for the re-

| taller could be worked out very easily

if a committee had time to consider facts
and prices.

Whereat a committee with Louis Beck-
man as chairman was appointed, and
will meet next Thursday afternoon and
fix a rate. The committee will also rec-
ommend that all retail butchers main-
tain bulletin boards in their shops on
which prices will be plainly marked for
the benefit of the shopper.

The American Sugar Refining Com-
pany addressed itself again to the public
yesterday in a statement saying that be-

{ginning January 1 it will sell sugar to

the domestic trade through its own sell-

“This policy,’ read the statement,
“was inaugurated several years ago, and
is already widely enforc®d. It was oc-
casioned by the desire of the company
to deal directly with its customers in-
stead of through intermediaries.”

Brokers Oppose Plan.

As soon as the statement was in circu-
lation a meeting of the National Associ-
ation of Brokers in Refined Sugar was
called at 106 Wall street and a telegram

‘drawn up to be sent to Herbert Hoover,

National Food Administrator, denounc-
ing the American Sugar Company's plan

‘as “drastic and arbitrary” and warning

him that trade disturbances in all lines

of business will follow similar action by

great controlling manufacturers.
Hyman L. Lefkowitz, the Bronx grocer

| who was accused ten days ago of offer-

ing to sell sugar to R. M. Cushman at 15
vents a pound, lost his license yesterday,

, and will have to suspend business as a

retailer for the duration of the war.

ican nations had been postponed until | board will be appointed in time for| His case was considered by John Mitch-

April, This congress. it
in January.

It is understood here that the hasty

5 Was reported | its
orders to-day as the distributing agency | several weeks ago, was to be convened | uary 2.

departure from Washington of Luis Ca-,

brera, Mexican Finance Minister,
was engaged in an important mission,
waS occasioned by the expectation that
the Latin American neutrals would hold

Senor Cabrera having been appointed
ambassaior extraordinary
President Carranza.

Two French Ships Sunk in Week,

December 22
more than

marines and mines.
were lost.

Oo Nsning vesseis

Ship Sinks Tug; Six Rescued.

The steamship Ancon of the Panama | super!ntendency.

Railroad Company struck
Juanita off Van Brunt street,
yesterday morning and sank her, com-

lives.

 

All were saved.

 

 

will see they burn nothing but oil—kero-
sene,"" was the reply, “against which
there is no bar, And, say,” he called as
the reporter fled, “don't forget to men-
tion ‘Words and Music,’ the name of the
show,”

The example set by Broadway seemed
to have been taken up all over the elty
with a few exceptions. Columbus Cir-
ele was in comparative darkness, and
Several restaurants on upper Broadway
had put out their signs,

In the far downtown districts the all
night drug stores and various cafes that
have been used to displaying small elec-
tric signs showed dark fronts and no
advertising signs of any description were

! lighted on the big buildings.

In Harlem the “lightless night" was
also fairly well observed, although
there were several minor violations.
Strangely enough, many persons were
heard to make remarks in the night
crowds that showed they were either in
ignorance of the reason for the dark-
ness or had forgotten, “What's the
matter with the signs?” would be asked
and the general impression seemed to be
that there had been a breakdown in the
power house,

&

who | Grand Sachem of

j their congress as previously announced, 1 Soc

to represent i ge wiertions

'

first scheduled meeting on Jan-|

VOORHIS ELECTION CHIEF.

Tammany, 89, to!
Have Important Post,

 

John R. Voorhis, grand sachem of the !

fety of Tammany, 89 years old, will
be the next president of the city’s Board
The Democratic county
committee, meeting at Tammany Hall}
last night, designated lim for New York

county's member of the board and the
Paris, Dec, 27.—In the week ending !new Board of Aldemhen, which must

tne tugboat | Commissioner will be $5,000 a year.
Brooklyn, i

| pelling the crew of six to swim for their pressed upon

|

!

| has been inadequate and unsatisfactory, | ises.

! wife.

one French steamship of , 4¢cept the designation, will elect him on
1,600 tons and one of less January s j
{than that tonnage were sunk by sub-, F. Boyle, who began his work as a City |

on
ot.

He will succeed Edward

Magistrate vestarday

Mr. Voorhis is known as “Tammany’s |
grand old man.” He has held many |
public offices, including a Police Com- |
missionership and the State election!

His salary as Election |
campaign to get every |
the Red Cross was im-/|
the minds of the county
committee by the chairman, Senator
Robert F, Wagner, af last night's meet-
ing.

Taimmany's
member into

BLAMES DISCHARGE ON WIFE.

Worker With Odd Reason.
A suit in the Supreme Court paaiki |

Kerosene Lamps Substituted for Electric _Bulbs— jay on an appitcation for a change of |
Theatres and Cafes Dispense With Glaring Signs
—Advertising Displays Shut Off

venue to Sullivan county raises the‘

lquestion whether a man may be dis-’'

charged because of the actions of his'
Attorney for the Operative Jew- |
ish Farmers’ Creamery, the defendants
in a damage action begun by Harry
Goldberg, said the plaintiff had to be |
discharged because his wife persistently |
went to his phace of employment and |
got into disputes with patrons,

“That reminds me,” said plaintiff's
attorney to Justice Platzek, “of the
order by a Secretary of the Navy for-
bidding the wives of officera to visit
foreign ports while the battleships on
which their husbands were stationed
were at such places. The absurdity of |
the order was forced home upon. the |
Secretary of the Navy when a Rear |
Admiral wired to Washington from a
South American port: ‘My wife is
ashore and refuses to leave; what shall
The case is analogous with the |
present one, I believe.”

 

 

Ask Hylan to Take Staten Lines,

Mayor-elect John F. Hylan yesterday
received a petition from residents of
Staten Island, through the citizens ad- |
visory committee, asking him to take:
the control of the Staten Island trolley
lines away from the Richmdnd Light
and Railroad Company. The petition ;
proposes that the city buy the lines and,
operate them in connection with the;
municipal ferry, For years, the petition |
says, the operation of the trolley roads

ell, chairman of the Federal Food Board,
and Arthur Williams, Federal Food Ad-
ministrator for this city. They disre-
garded his defence that the sugar he de-
lived to Cushman was only a part of a
shipment of enough more to bring the
whole within a reasonable price.

PD. Nachimson, a wholesale grocer of
Paterson, N. J., was summoned to ap-
pear before the United States Food Com-
missioner at Jersey City yesterday to
answer a charge of hoarding sugar.

The charge against Nachimson grew

‘out of an advertisement by a Paterson

theatre offering to give away bags of
sugar to its patrons. An investigation
evoked a statement by the manager of
the theatre that he had bought 376
pounds of sugar from Nachimson.

DISCUSS SUGAR DISTRIBUTION.

Hoover Told Allies Will Get Along
on Half Ration,

WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.-—Sir Joseph

White Todd and J. Ramsay Drake, allied
representatives on the international
sugar committee, which has just worked
out a plan for dividing next year's
Cuban crop among the Allies and the
United States, discussed the sugar situa-
tion here to-day with Food Adminis-
trator Hloover. They were on their way
from New York to Cuba,

The Allies, they said, must again de-
pend upon the Western Hemisphere next
year for their sugar supplies, as lack of
shipping makes it imposgjble to ottain
sugar from the East. Plans are for the
Allies to go through the year on half
their normal consumption, as they real-
ize that they have had supplies in the
last few months only through the sacri-
fice of the American people.

Control of available supplies by the
international committee, the Englishmen
said, will keep down prices to the con-
sumers everywhere and will guarantee
an equitable distribution among the
nations fighting Germany,

 

2

 

NAIL SUMMONS ON HER DOOR. -

Court Orders Service on Mrs. Emily
Havemeyer Potter.

A court summons will be nailed to
the door of the home of Mrs. Emily
Havemeyer Potter, daughter of W, H.
Havemeyer, and niece-in-law of the late

) Bishop Potter, on the grounds of the

Westchester County Country.-Club this
week. Justice Gavegan in the Supreme
Court yesterday granted the order on
the application of Bernard 1. Kamen, at-
torney for Harry F. Piersons, who is
suing Mrs. Potter for $5,242.50, alleged
to be due for wearing apparel pur-
chased from Henri Bendel, Inc.

“Several days ago,” sald Mr. Kamen,
“a process server called at the Potter
home, The servant who had admitted
him returned with this note:

“'T decline to accept service of any
summons, So you may leave the prem-
Mrs. Porter,’ ”

 

‘ing force and will dispense with brokers. }

|
|
|

a
m

 

THE WEATHER.

For eastern New York, cloudy io-
day, probably snow in north portion;
not so cold on the coast; to-morrow
fair and colder; moderate southerly
winds becoming northwest.

For New Jersey, partly cloudy and not
dalders magarete esite roe, fair and
i @ southerly win com.
ing northweet. Soares
r northern New England, snow to.
day, with rising temperature; to-morrow
fair and colder; moderate southerly winds
becoming . northwest,
For southern New Bngland, Generali:
fair, with slowly rising temperature to.
dey; to-morrow fair and much colde:
varee southerly winds becoming north.
For western New York, snow flurrics
to-day; colder in west portion; to-morrow
partly cloudy and much colder; atrong
northwest winds.
NEW YORK, Dec, 28.--Colder weathe-
again covered the Atlantic States yeater
day, with sero or lower over most of New
York and New Engiand and freesing tem-

free into the east Guif and south At-
antic States.

Comparatively warmer weather pre.
vailed in the central valleys and inke
regions under the influence of a rejative
depression central over northern Wise .: -
sin, but extreme cold was moving down
out of the Northwest, with zero reaching
southern Nebraska and twenty and thir:

degrees below in North Dakota and Mo
tana,

The pressure was high over all sections
except where an area of depression wa.
entering the north Pacific States,

Rain fell in that section and snow at
scattered points in the lake regions ani
Northweat,

In this city the day was fair and much
colder; wind fresh to brisk north to north.
east; average humidity, 43 per cent:
barometer, corrected to read to sea leve!.
at 8 A. M., 30.69; 8 P. M., 30.62.

8 A.M.
++ 30.69
84

SPM

30.85
4°

oe N N

Barometer .......ee0e.
Humidity ........4.
Wiad—direction

  

      

 

       

Wind-—-velocity ........ 9 ;
Weather ......... Clear Chen
Precipitation ........... None None
The temperature tn this city vesterda
as record by the official thermometer, !«
shown in the annexed table:
8A.M...14 1PM..21 6PM... tn
9 A. 2 P.M... ct te as 2:
10 3 P.M. 3 sr. M,
11 4P. M...83 9PM... 23
13 5 P.M... 19 10°P, M... 26
1916. 1917. 1916
9 238 6P.M 20 Re
12 35 9PLM 3h
3P.M. 380 «12 Mid 3%

Highest temperature, 24, at 3:30 P.
Lowest temperature, 12, at 7 A. M.
* Average temperature, 18.

Observations yesterday at United Staie
Weather

 

M

  

Bureau stations showing atm
spheric conditions in the various cities:
Highest Veloc-

Pla temp. Wind. ity. Rain. Wi),
30) ONL. 13 Clond

a2 sON.W. & Clear

1% ON:; fo .. Snow
-4 ON. 1s .0L Clouds
Chicago ...... -%& OW. Woo. Clondr
St. Lonis......... 36 OBL. : Pteid
Minneapolis 4 NW. 4 10) Clear’
Denver ........... N. 10 Clonds
Biamarck N 1% 4.) Clond-
Charleston ..... N, 12 Cloyd
Norfolk . N. 9 Clonar

 

STEAMSHIP ARRIVALS.

The following steamehipe arrived at At!
ports in the twenty-four hours ended at
set yesterday:
Daphne (Greek)
Honduras (Nor.)
Iroquois (Am.)

 

 

Lompoc (Br.\
War Penguin (Br)

 

MINIATURE ALMANAC.

United States Coast and Geodetic Susser.
Standard ‘Time
Sun rises...... TAS AM Sun wets... 45567 &
Moon rises..... 4:72PM

HIGH WATER THIS DAY.
Sandy Hook...7:21 A M Gov. Istand...7:52 4 *
Hell Gate..... 9:59AM

LOW WATER TIHI8 DAY.

Sandy Hook...1:08 AM Gor. Ialand..
Hell Gate......4:0 PM

EVENTS TO-DAY.

New York Poundiing Hospital Chr sims
tree raception, Sivty-elghth street ar
Lexington avenue, ¢ to & P. M.

United States Army Music
School Band of Governors Island,
Pubiic School 171, 8 P. M.

Monthiy meeting of the Allied Roar’:
of Trade and Taxpayera Assoclatien o°
Brooklyn, Hart's Hall, Gates avenue, nes
Broadway, Brooklyn, & P. M.

Rabbi Stephen & Wise wil!
“What Is Greatness and Who
Great?" Free Bynagogue of
Heights, $8 P. M.

Address by Louis 1, Newman at the!
Synagogus of The Bronx, 143d street «
Southern Boulevard, § P. M.

Business meeting of the
Heights Taxpayers Association.
158th street. 8 P. M.

Lecture by Everett Dean Marcin «
“Who Created the Intellectual and M
Order of Life?" Cooper Union, § P. M

Lecture by Capt, Patrice Flynn
lain of the Thirty-third Division of ‘
French army, Marquette Ciub, Hote! Ma

 

 

Traintis:
con er

speak
Are tt
Washing

Washing
3 Wes

seilles, & P. M.
Intercollegiate Socialist Soc.ery nver
tion, City College, 10 A. M

Conference of the National Assoriat
for the Advancement of Colore! Peon!
Seventh avenue and 132d etreet, 19 AM

Menorah Quinquennial convention, Ia:*
meyer Hall, Columbia Univer f

Miss Ruth Draper in six niono
Board Manager’s Meeting.”
erations in the Court of Dom

   
  

 

 

tions,” “On the Porch in a

Town,’ “An Advanced Course,” “A Que
Morning in Red” and "Vive la France.” &
Pr M., Brooklyn Institute of Arte ani
Sciences,

Dance for the beneflt of the Y Mic. &
ware abroad, Unity House, Brook!;n, %
National Collegiate Athletic Associa’
convention, Hote! Astor, a!l day and evs

ning.

Phi Gamma Delta convention, # A. M
dinner 7 P, M., Hotel Astor,

Scarlet Club meeting, Hote! <Asto
A. M,

“ tans New Yorkers ineeting, Hotel!
Commission on West Side Improveire
session, Chamber of (Commerce, ! PM
Forty-second annual convention of ‘
New York State Shorthand Neportere
@ociation. Press Club, 21 Spruce stre-'
aM.

Ast

LAWYER INDICTED ON CLAIM.

 

Casualty Company Accuses Roern-
feld of Larceny of 8250.

Henry Rosenfeld, a lawyer, of
Broadway, yesterday was indicted on a
charge of grand larceny aid then was
arrested by Detective William I WW!
tenberg of the District Attorney's siaf’
Judge Nott, in General Sessions, he
him in $2,500 bail. He will plead
day.

The indictment charges that Rosenfe’
obtained $250 under false jrets
from the United States Casualty (om-
pany on a claim, declared bogus by tf!
Grand Jury, against the owner
building at 89 Fulton street, whieh wa
{insured by the Casualty Company. i'
tectives say Rosenfeld employed about
half a dozen persons to file claims f
injuries

of the

 

Tilden Adamaon Resigns,

Tilden Adameon, director of the bures)
of contract supervision of the Hoar! of
Estimate, sent his resignation, effer'
December 31, to the Mayor yesten'i)
He will join a railroad corporation.

Cotten States Weather Forecast.

For North and South Carolina an!
Georgia, partly cloudy to-day ani t?-
morrow.

For Florida, generally fair to-day ani
to-morrow.

For Alabama and Mississippi,
teeday and probably to-morrow

For Tennessee, fair to-day, except rao
and colder in weet portion; to-morr’
fair and much colder,

For Kentucky, fair to-day and
Tow; colder in the west portion
much colder to-morrow

For Loulstana, to-day, partiy clout
cold wave in the north portion, to-me
row fair.

For Arkansas,
to-morrow rising

For Oklahotna,

loca! rains

toemer:
to-de

to-day, fair; cold wave
temperature.

to-day, fair, coldey, (r+

morrow fair; rising temperature

For East Texan to-day, fair; cold wa *
the interior, to-morrow fair, nide
the coast

For West Texas. to-day, fair;

in the north portion; to-morrow

warmer in the north portion,

in
o8 cald sa
fatr