a SUN, vena’, | DECEMBER 28, 19170 ‘g
NEW PLANSTOEND 0.8. CONTROL SEEN |

Appointed Firot Lord of British Admiralty) HUNGER MAY FORCE | TPOTONS IGNORE {VIOLENT THRUST
FREIGHT CONGESTION: AS ALD TO ROADS GERMAN OFFENSIVE] scenes rom -|| OUR BASIC DEMANDS) AT VERDUN PAILS

coeneegpeneenets
Joint Committee to Expose of. | Wall Street Interprets It to | Florianopolis, Brazil, say that a

 
   

oo cee

“44

 

 

 

 

 

hee

 

   

German Plot to Seize
Brazilian City Is Foiled

 

 

 

 

 

 

German Shock Battalions in
Caurieres Wood Suffer
Heavy Losses.

SERUGGLE IS NOT ENDED

West Front Most Liable to At-
tack, Says British Mili-
. tary Expert.

 

large number of German con- Continued from First Page.
fenders and Lay Embargo Assure Solvent Lines’ In-

spirators have been arrested, fol- |
lowing the discovery of a plot to |! The German object primarily is to keep
Against Them. terest Payments.

overthrow the local authorities. |! up the illusion at home that the war is
All the Germans were armed. || being waged for defence against ag-
They had been meeting at various | gression and to provide assistance for

ee times under the pretext that they || «| ts {
r .} ; elements in enemy countries which can
NAVA L ACTION POSSIBL 4 were members of a German so- be relied upon to stir up pacifist senti-

| ciety. ment against Governments directing the
American Line Safeguarded | prosecution of the war.

‘ Count Czernin’s terms are regarded
for Present by Winter by officials here as having been outlined
|
Conditions.

 

 

GOVERNMENT 18 GUILTY | BIG HELP FINA
{

Enormous War Department! Takes Burden
Shipments Clutter Yards— Betterments
U.S, May Build Terminal.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

of Financing
and «Mainte-

French Trench Taken at One
Point but Enemy Fails to
Retain Gain.

Florianopolis is on the coast of

ee
| southern Brazil, in the State of

The townghas

a population of 20,000. with studied cunning for the purpose of

 

—_—

ee

In order to relieve an intolerable con-
dition of freight congestion within and
upon the fringe of this port,

nance Costs Off Officials, |

Wall Street took its benen and pad
yesterday early and began feuring upon

a joint just exactly what the President's order
committee made up of representatives of taking ov

: ! an er the railroads of the country
1 Interstate ommerce Commission, to-day will me P
the Publlo @Brvice Commission neat 3 nean to the reads and to

First District, New York, and the Public | the persons who haye invested in their

Uulities Commission of New Jefsoy has | Securities.

been formed and has already done muck, | The answer to the question that was

it announced yesterday, to alleviate the | Mked in every financial office in. the

blockade, town came on the crest of a 1.189,10
The joint committee includes Interstate| “are day on the Stock Exchange, dur-

Commerce Commissioner James 8. Harlan, | Which the roads showed consistent

 

especially, will be less attractive the-
atres for the enemy.

Tt may be sald generally that. al-
though the new means at the disposal

| By COL, CHARLES A, REPINGTON,.

leSpeciat Cable Despatch to Tus Sun from the
London Timea.

;
Santa Catharina.

Girn

strengthening home opinions in support
Central Powers and for the added

of appealing to pacifists and
SocialiBts in enemy territory. LONDON, Dec. 27.—An attack in ume
and Cutual nding of the tering five" | unual force was delivered yesterday by
many and her allies are making a liberal] 'the Germans north of Caurieres wood,

 

 

Copyright, 17, all rights reserved.
Lonpon,, Dec. 27.—It is necessary for

(us to examine closely the German imove-
ment westward to make a preliminary
| provisional investigation of the etrategt-
cal {deas to which this movement may
correspond. The movement has been in
| progress three months, {n the course of

 

of the enemy on the western front may
shear away our always too narrow mar

gin of numerical superiority and con-
sequently may throw us temporarily,
{and in certain sectors, upon the de-

fensive they will not offer to the enemy
in the aggregate that crushing superior-
'ity of men and guns that this war
| shows is necessary against troops in-

Public Service Commissioner Travis I.

Whitney and Public Utllittes Commiza- | "et for Baltimore and Uhio, with the

advances, ranaing afl tie way to 11%

sioner Ralp& W. B. Donges. After aweek'a | Other stocks giving plain token that the

investigation and after receiving the
reports of forty inspectors who acriti-
nized every pier and freight yard within
the metropolitan district, the joint com-
mittee finds the United State Goveti-
ment 18 not the least of the offenders
Delays in wnloading cars and other in-
@tances of red tape slowness have been
takengup with the War Department by
the committee and improvement ie
promised,

Committee to Use lts Powers.

Investigation by the committee re-
veals a serious but by mo means
incurable situation. The committee has
powers sufficient to compel observance
of its orders and those powers, it stated
yesterday, it means to exert with all
firmness, It was announced
active steps have been already taken
to secure hearty cooperation between
regulatory commissions and the railroads,
It was also commented upon yesterday
that Federal control of the rallroada
should simplify the congestion problem.

A beginning was made in the investi-
gation here by sending out forty inspec-
tors under C. C. Semple, special agent
of the Interstate Commerce Commission;
James Mayberry, Jr., chief inspector of
the New Jersey commission, and J. P. H.
De Windt. chief of the transit bureau of
the Public Service Commission. Their
work was to examine and check up the
freight cars in the various yards in and
around Néw York city to determine the
length of time that cars are being held
before being unloaded; to ascertain
which consignees are the most flagrant
in the abuse of freight cars for storage
Purposes, and to see whether by any
rearrangement of the routing greater
freedom of movement could be had.

The joint committee announced yea-
terday it is sendiff— out a special appeal
and warning to consignees that cars
must be unloaded as rapidly as they are
received, in order that side tracks may
not be blocked and freight cars withheld
from service. The railroads maintain
there already has been a substantial im-
provement in this respect on the part of
shippers, but data in the hands of the
Joint committee indicate that there is
room for considerable additfonal im-
provement,

Peblic Exposere Threatened.

New York city shippers are qarticu-
larly urged to remove their goods from

that |

|

Presidential guarantee had added mill-
ions upon millions to the sale values of
the transportation list,

It was not all milk and honey in the
figuring, however, and while 1t wae per-
fectly apparent that such lines as the
Atchison, Chesapeake and Ohio, North-
Western, Delaware and Hudson, Lacka-
wanna, Great Northern, Illinois Central,
Loutsville and Nashville, New York
Central, Northern Pacific, Pennsylvania,
Southern Railway and Union Pacific
would be able to maintain thelr divi-
dends as long as the war lasted, there
are other roads that have not during the
last fhree years done so-well and they
Will not come in for the same assurance.

Interest Payments Protected.

The Wall Street conclusion was that
the President's guaranty of the payment
of the average carnings of the roads
for the last three years meant that all
the roads which had been solvent difr-
ing that time would have their interest
payments protected by the Government's
pledge.

The Street figured on both the divi-
dend paying and the non-dividend pay-
ing lines. In one group, including five

i dividend payers and three that had not

paid, the wise men of the district calcu.
lated what would be the approximate
balance available for the common stock,
the @verage net after taxes have been
paid, as stipulated by the Presidest, and
the percentage which will bee earned
after the taxes and preferred dividends
have been paid. ;

These figures were based upon the
supposition that the operating costs
would remain at about the same levels
that obtained during the fiscal year of
1917. The three representative non-
dividend roads were tacked onto the list
for the purpose of making the combina-
tion serve as a key and a guide to the
general effect of the new order.

This key table is printed elsewhere.

Taking at random other roads and
figuring their actual earnings on their
common stock for the three years, the
1917 earnings being estimated. in case:
where the fiscal year had been changed
to end December 31, some of the experts
showed the dividends now oaid and the
actual amounts earned on the common
stocks for the three years.

*

Stabilizes Values and Credits.
Viewed from this standpoint the cal-

cars immediately, upon receipt of notice, | culation looks like tiffs:

An investigation of the Thirty-second P'st
street yard of the New York Central | it
Railroad, made on December 22, 1917, | 1917, 1916 iS15.  p.e.
shows there were eighty cars containing | Chesapeake & Onlo.. 1.4 10.85 4.95 4
potatoes, cabbage, turnips, beets and | Bhi “rs Sat eaal Het ier tie
onions, cars which had been delayed in! jel & alan Tribes Thte mii ea sark
unloading for many days; one since’ Del, L & W. és: 18.32 25 n
November 16, even; and all of which had | Ht Aare.

Hl entral.....

exceeded their free time for unloading.
Public exposure will be tried as one

of the means of disciplining consignees | Nor & Western...

that violate the orders of the joint com-
mittee. The committee soon will begin
to publish the names of recalcitrant con-
signees, This is necessary because, the
joint committee states, the abuse nas be-
come flagrant. an example of the
abuse of railroad “equipment, there is a
car loaded with copper in one of the
railroad yards of New York which has
been reconsigned fifteen times, and is
not yet unloaded.

A circular letter addressed to con-
signees warns them it is imperative that
shipments be unloaded and disposed of
immediately upon arrival of cars. Con-
signees are requested to notify the joint
committee of the approximate time re-
quired for the complete removal of con-
sienments and to state reasons for any
delay.

Among the corrective measures the
joint committee has in mind, it is under-
stood, are the following: ;

First—An embargo to be ordered
against persistent offenders, one that
will absolutely prevent them from ship-
ping or receiving goods. The joint com-
mittee has no doubt that such an order
can be enforced under Government con-
trol of the railroads,

Second—Limitation or complete with-
drawal of the right of reconsignment,
which would prevent speculative ship-
pers and profiteers diverting goods to
markets which offer prices better lian ure
offered in the point of first consignment.

Third—Enforcement of rules that ter-
minals, yards, plers, &c., must be kept
clear and free of material.

Fourth—Exposing the names of indi-
viduals and concerns which fail to obey
the rules,

AIR RAID REPULSED.

 

 

OMcial Report Says 11 Ememy

Machines Were Broughé Down.

Rome, Dec, 27.—Eleven Austro-Ger-
man airplanes have been brought down
by the British and Italian forces in a
big aerial battle which developed when
the Teutons made an unsuccessful at-
tempt to bomb Treviso, sixteen miles
north of Venice, Announcement’ to this
effect was made officially to-day by the
Italian War Office as follows:

eters

Louis & Nash..
New Haven....

sean

   

Pacific... 1
City So..
Valler.

North
“Kansas
Lehigh
Reading

*Preferred.

But the main insptratton of the mar-
ket was the assurance from Washington
that the intefests of tne sharehclders
would be safeguarded. and it was the
general view that the action taken
would have the effect of stabilizing the
values and the credits of the roads,

One of the chief factors In the gon-
templation of the case was the pledge
to,keep up the roads, provide new roll-
ing stock where it is necessary, build
whatever new terminals are required
and in general provide the maintenance
account that had been ‘th: source of
some worry.

It had been pointed out time and time
again that the roads annually require
enormous sums for betterment and
maintenance, and that these sums had
to come from the financing of the various
propositions, with fhe public as the
final provider of the funds. Leading
railroad men had called attention to
the extreme difficulty that attended the
flotation of new propositions at the time
that the Government was in the market
for money, and the taking of this load
from managerial shoulders was one of
the most important and far reaching
considerations of the entire day's specu-
latioi, concerning the Government's new
venture and its ultimate effect.

There is now, said the Wall Street
folk, no necessity for the roads to go
into the market for new funds to meet
the constantly increasing demands for
betterments, maintenance and increased
cost of operation. This situation, coupled
with the guaranty of interest charges
on what obligations are now outstand-
ing, was the underlying reason for the
cheerful tone of the market in making
its practical, trading post comment upon
the whole matter.

ALLIES SHOOT DOWN
11 GERMAN PLANES

Air Raid on Italian Front
Comes to Grief.

10 |

 

 

 

 

By the Associated Press.

 

enly artillery actions, which were
more intense on the Asiago Plateau,
where opr batteries made effective
concentrations of fire and kept under
their barrage several sections of the
enemy “lines, ’

A big aerial battle, In which Brit-
{sh and Italian chasing squadrons and
anti-aircraft artillery participated,
was fought yesterday over Treviso.
Tn the morning twenty-five enemy
machines, under cover of the haze,
errived over our aviation camp to the
West of the city and began to bom-
bard it, The hostile aircraft were re-
ceived with a violent anti-atgcraft
fire and, attacked imgetuously by air-
Dianes which ascended from the camp,
were forced to retire before having
carried out the operation. Eight of

1@ enemy machines were brought
down, 4

Later, another hostile squadron of
eight machines made ‘an attempt
again, but was faced over Monte
»Relluno and forced to retire, losing
three machines,

Of the eleven enemy airplanes
brought down eight fell inside our
lines and three within the enemy

lings, All our machines returned to
their base, The damage caused by
the bombardment was Insignificant,

{
Along the whole front there were
t

eS

ITALIAN ARMY HEADQUARTERS IN
with an extensive list of killed or
NorrTHern Ita.y, Dec. 27.—One of the
heaviest air ralds the enemy has at-

tempted on this front came to grief yes-
terday when nearly half of a fleet of
twenty-five airplanes was destroyed,
wounded,

The big fleet swept over the camp west
of Treviso at 8 o'clock yesterday morn-
ing, flying low and discharging fnachine
guns. Considerable damage was done.
Notwithstanding the surprise; the Italian
and British machines were soon in the
air and engaged the enemy at close quar-
ters. The fighting was most spectacular,
eight of the enemy cars being brought
down, eix of them falling within the
Italian lines. The other machines beat
a hasty retreat.

The raiders, however, returned at 11

o'clock and three more were disposed | demnities and the self-definition of peo- ;

of, two falling in this attack inside the
Italian lines. An observer, who has just
returned, says that the scene of the
conflict is covered with wreckage of the
enemy aircraft. s

One of the machines brought down
was a dreadnought carrying three per-
sons; the others carried two.
these men were killed, wounded or cap-

tured,

|
\

Photo by Central News Service, N, Y.
SIR ROSSLY
Famous naval expert, who succ

post, is shown on the deck of his flag ship. The former commander of
the British fleet will retire to private life.

—— —— >

KAISER PLANS T0
MAKE RUSSIA PAWN

——____

 

 

Continued from First Page.

 

the time. They solemnly declare their
Tesolve immediately to eign terms of
Peace which will stop this war on the

 

anove terms, equally just to all bel-!
ligerents without exception.
“It 1s necessery, however, to indi-!

cate most clearly that the proposals of |
the Russian delegation could be realized |
only in case all the Powers participat-
ing in the war obligate themselves
scrupulously to adhere to the terms in
common with all peoples,

“The Powers of the quadruple alliance
now negotiating with Russia cannot,
of course, onesidedly bind themselves to |
such terms, not having the guarantee
that Russia's allies will recognize and
carry out, these terms horestly without |
reservation with regard to the quadruple
alliance,

Discasses Raasian Terma,

“Starting upon these principles, and |
regarding the six clauses proposed by |
the Russian delegation as a basis of
negotiations, the following must be/
stated: {

“Clause 1—Forcible annexation of"!
territories seized during the war does not |
enter into the intentions of the allied.
Powers. About troops now occupying |
seized territories it must be stipulated |
in the peace treaty, if there ts no agree-|
ment before, regarding the evacuation)
of these nlaces.

“Clause’ 2—It i# not the intention of
the allies to deprive the political Inde-
pendence of those nations which iost it
during the war.

“Clause 3—-The question of subjection

to that or the other country of those
nationalities who have not political in-
dependence cannot, in the opinion of the
Powers of the quadruple alliance, be
solved internationally, In this case it

must be solved by each Government
together with its peoples in a manner
established by the Constitution

“Clause 4—Likewise, in aceordance
with the defiarations of statesmen of
the quadruple alltance, the protection of
the rights of minorities constitutes an
essential component part of the con-
stitutional rights of peoples to. self-
determination, The allied Governments
also grant validity to this principle every-
where, in go far as it is practically
realizable.

Renunciation of tndemnities.

“Clause 5—The allied Powers have
frequently emphasized the possibility
that both sides might renounce not only
indemnification for war costs but also jin-
demnification for war damazes. In
these circumstances every belligerent
Power would have only to make indem- ,
nifieation for expenditure for its na-
tlonals who have become prisoners of
war, as well as for damage done in its
own territory by illegal acts of force
committed against civilian nationals be-
longing to the enemy.
Government's proposal for the creation
of a special fund for this purpose could
be taken into consideration only !f the
other belligerent Powers were to join
in the peace negotiations within a suit-
able period.

“Clause 6—Of the four allied Powers
Germany alone possesses colonies, On
the part of the German delegation, In
full accord with the Russian proposals
regarding that, the following is declared:

“The return of colonial territories
forcibly seized during the war constitutes
an essential part of German demanda,
which Germany cannot renounce under
any circumstances, Likewise, the Rus-
sian demand for immediate evacuation
of territories occupied by an adversary
conforms to German intentions. Having
in view the nature of thé colonial terri-
tories of Germany, the realization of the
right of self-determination, beside the
above outlined considerations, in the

form proposed by the Russian delegation |
is at present practically impossible. |

Calls German Colonies Loyal.

“The circumstance that in the German
colonies the natives, notwithstanding the

greatest difficulties and the improbabil- | £ays that Count Czernin at Brest-Litovsk, |

ity of victory in a struggle against an
adversary many times stronger and who
had the advantage of unlimited import
by sea, remained in the gravest circum-
stances faithful to their German friends,
may serve as proof of their attachment

 

 

| peace

The Russian,

N WEMYSS.
eeds Sir John Jellicoe in important

alilance at the same time give all their
opponents an immediate peace ground.
They affirm that the right of the
stronger, after unprecedented bloodshed,
fhall be preserved with a!’ its integrity
within each of the countries with no re-
gard for little and oppressed nationali-
ties,

“The war cannot end without the vio-
lated rights of those nationalities being
reestablished. The Russian delegation
insists that those nationalities must in
the very next peace treaty establishing
a general peace among all nationalities
receive, on the basis of international

| agreement, guarantees that their lawful

rights will be protected. The lapse of
time in no case legalizes the violation of
one people by another.”

Regarding compensation for the matn-
tenance of prisoners of war, the Russian
chairman said it might be construed as
an indemnity. Te insisted that an in-
ternational fund be used to pay damages
against private persons, He had no ob-
jection to Germany's request that her
colonies be evacuated by Entente troops

Russia's delegation, he stated in fin-
ishing, notwithstanding differences of
opinion, thought that the German dec-
laration that Germany has no aggressive
plans offered the possibility of the
immediate beginning of negotiations for
a general peace among ail belligerenta.
He proposed a ten days recess until
January 4, “so that the peoples whose
Governments have not yet joined in the
negotiations for a general peace may
have an opportunity to acquaint them-
selves with the principles of such a
peace as now is being established.”

“At the expiration of the indicated
time,"" he declared, “the negotiations
must be resumed, disregarding whether

| Or not other belligerentg have joined in

the negotiations or how many.”
The next session of the conference
was set for Wednesday.

 

COSSACKS DIVIDED.

Boleheviki

 

 

Hope Peace Progress

WIL Strengthen Them,
Lonpon, Dee. 27.—The progress of ihe
ted
a large influence on interna] conditions
and the
where the position of affairs is still ob-

peace negotiations is expe to have

in Russia fighting in the south,

scure According to the best available

Londen, the Bol-
the concentration
of whose forces against the south is be-
ing only feeb conducted, are counting
upon two th rs to strengthen their po-
sition: First, the chance of securing a
acceptable to the country as a
whole, which would induce the nation
to overlook the evident lack of adminis-
trative ability shown by the Bolsheviki ;
second, the fact of the existence of con-
siderable lifes, classes and cleavages

information reaching
shevik commissioners,

 
   

even among the supporters of the Kal-!

edin movement in the south,
Gen. Kaledin is reported
have resigned the leadership
Cossack Government, while
sacks themselves are divided,
section of the moderatas being un-
desirous of fighting the Workmen's and
Soldiers’ Government so long as the

recently
of
the

to
the
Cos-

latter is able to preserve order in the,

country, The Bolshevik! are said to)
be speculating on the still further
spread of the revolutionary feeling

j trenched and confident in spirit. There-
| Which time some twenty-one German dl- | fore we listen with equanimity to the

a large |

| visions have come-west, as well 4s many | Kaiser's boast of mailed fists and shin-

| drafts. But as twelve tired German di-
| visions have gone east during the

j the Italian front from France and three

hooey divisions to Italy from the |
;} German eastern front, the net gain ot |

{German armies in Mrance and Belgium
| is only six divisions,

If to these figures we add 100,000
drafts, which will noi more than fill
the gaps caufed ty Malmaison and
| Cambrai, we have fairly described the
character of the movement fitherto.
| How many more troops can or will come
; West must depend largely upon the situ-
ation in Russia, which changes daily.
; An armistice or peace, should either one
tbe agreed upon, would be between the
; Central Powers and the Bolshevik usur-
{pers and certainly not with Russia. The
{| Bolshevik! are in a minority and there is
no Government in Russia. No one can
| Say when or whether there will be one.
| The last thing the German Govern-
j ment desires is té allow anarchistic Bol-
| shevik notions to percolate into Ger-
{many, Consequently the long front of
1,200 miles must be guarded closely. On
; thé other hand, the risk of an attack
'by the Russian forces 1s small and a de-
' cision In the west fs urgent on account
,of the impending arrival of large Amer-
jiean forces and because Internal condi-
; tions in Germany continue to grow
! worse.

Man Power Question Involved.

All things considered, we must allow
‘thirty to forty more German divisions
| or their equivalent in drafts may be des-
'tined for the west or be on their way
| thither, Taking the larger figure and al-
| lowing the aggregate strength of a Ger-
{man division—which seldom puts more
; than 8,000 rifles iff. line nowadays—with
' perhaps 16,000 of all ranks, we arrive at
,the figure of 640,000 as the probable
maximum reenforcements which ¢he
| Germans may throw into the west from
| their armies in the east, but as the Ger-
|man strength in the east has not been
| maintained consistently and not so
; many as forty divisions may be able to
{ leave, we can place the probable figure
‘of the reenforcements at 500,000 or
thereabouts.

It is not yet certain that this state-
ment exhausts the possibility of German
‘reenforcement. There is a clear hint
‘that 200,000 Italians recently captured
are to be set to work in German mines,
while the question of the disposal of
Russian prisoners in Germany remains
open until the terms of peacé are
known. Germany certainly will not be
worse and may be much better off. We
can say definitely that German man
power, that had neared the critical stage,
‘has reached a solution for the present.

 

Itallan Line Shortened.
With the afd of its 1919 and 1920
classes the maintenance of German

strength in 1918 is reasonably assur@l,
asstiming eperations of the same general
character as those of the past two years,
The Austro-Hungarian army also may
be able to provide troops for the French
front. The Austrian front against Italy
has been shortened by 100 miles by rea-
'son of recent snecesses This cuts both
ways Forty-four divisions on the
Austrian-Italian front are ample for de-
fensive purposes, but not many can be
drawn from the Russian front, since
south and southwest Russia is a box of
surprises,

, _ All the same we must admit that ten
Austrian divistons may come to France,
and Alsace would be their natyral des-
tination owing to the character of rafl-
road connections provided, if Switzer-
land remains outside the war operations.
An Austrian army of 200,000 or 250,000
in Alsace in the spring is not an un-
attainable ideal, We certainly must
calculate upon the possibility of Ger-
;man reenforcement in France to the
750,000 men With thia

; number of
newly

in May
future.
Venetia that

 

= that hunger will ruin Germany
|
{
\

| among the Cossacks against their Gen-

erals and among the Ukrainians against}
the bourgeoisie.

A general arnty congress is sitting |
at the Bolshevik headquarters to or-| sea attack upon England, the renewal
ganize a ventral war committee. This of the German Flanders offensive, an
congress has confirmed the election of, attack upon the British front in France,

von Hindenburg will be able to survey
the fleld afresh.

Hindenburg’s alternatives are an over-

acquired reserve Field Marsha) |

ing swords and ask nothing better than
that he try to make them good. Bruised

same | knuckles and blunted edges are all Ger-
| period, three German divisions gone to} man fists and swords have won in the

west hitherto.

In spite of many changes In tactical
methods the Giermans have remained
faithful to their old dislike for a parallel
order of battle, On every suitable oc-
casion they have sought to apply their
favorable’ enveloping movements. There
are not many places on the western
front where such tactics now can be
used, but there are some. The Italian
theatre is a notable instance, but
whether the Austrians are capable of
utilizing the advantage either now or

{s one of the secrets of the

It {is comforting to weatern
the four great towns it
contains should have been saved from
invasion by the renowned valor of the
Italian arms, but from a purely military
viewpoint the line of the Adige is far
from Italy's atrongest,

Importance of Switzerland.

The present dispositions of, the Allies
In Italy are not advantageous for either
attack or defence, but they are not
seriously disadvantageous.

We all have avoided reference to
Switzerland during the war as well as
we could, but at the present stage fm
the development of the enemy's strategy
Switzerland becomes of first rate {m-
portance, We have only to imagine the
Germans in possesgion to percelve the
possible consequences, not only on the
Jura front toward which run four rail-
roads and twelve good roads through
the Swiss plains but also the Piedmont
and allied armies on the Plave,

@ur knowledge of Germany teaches
that her actions are governed solely by
military considerations. She may hold
that as she {s outcast among civilized
nations she may as well hang the Swiss
sheep as the Belgian lamb. The likeli-
hood of Switzerland retaining her inde-
pendence after the war rests entirely
upon the visor with which she resists
a violation of her neutrality now.

We must admit, owing to the grave
political and military misfortunes dur-
ing the last year, that we shall be Mahle
to be beset hard in the west, all the
harder if German headquarters has dis-

before th® submarine can decisively in-
jure us. In this case obviously a Ger-
man mifitary victory must be sought,
however costly and however difficult to
obtain, on the principle that nothing
better can be done. Also it is almost
eertain in case of a desperate decision
naval will not

that the German arm

remain unused,

Allies Moge Strongly United.

To offset German concentration and
German boasts we have the cordial
union with our allies, who have proved
their valor and tenacity. Their armies
and the ereat American reserve are in

the main theatre. Three great leaders,

Waig, Petain and Pershing, command
them. . They are backed by a general
staff of creat experience and judgment.

{ Pe ;

[Man Offered 86,500 Royalties on
Device Invented in Cell,
Special Despatch to Tum Sex.
LEAVENWORTH, Kan,, Dec, 27.-—Edwin
H. Mendendorp was released from the

Federal penitentiary yesterday afternoon
on the completion of a term of one year
on a charge of robbing the mails and
left for New York city to complete the
sale of a patent perfected by him while
in prison.

Mendendorp has worked out a device |
to he used as an accessory in feeding |
moving picture machines the |
feeding can be done automatically. A |
| ia York firm has offered him $6,500 |
{aml royalties for the patent. He was
| brought here from Grand Rapids, Mich,

whereby

 

offer, which at least shows a spirit of
promising conciliation. But close scru-
tiny of the terms in the light of infor-
mation at this Government's disposal
places them fn another light, accordigg
to Government officials,

No Reparation for Belgium.

In the first place it is declared that |
the famillar German vagueness is every-
where evident and that it !s impossible
ascertain definitely just what the
terms mean or how they would be made
effective. The catch word “Without !
forcible annexations and indemnities”
has been used now by the Berlin Foreign
Office for months.

Some of the neutral diplomats in
Europe have sought to find out if pos-
sible how this-would apply to Belgium,
for example. It developed that all man-
ner of stipulations and German made
provisions would be incorporated in any
plan to return Belgium,

Incidentally there ie nothing !n Count

zernin’s terms which provide for
eparation for wrong done to Belgium.
Apparéntly this is now such a delicate
subject in German political circles that
the Central Powers have purposely kept
aloof from it. |

Count Czernin’s statement that Ger-
many and her allies condemned the
“continuation of war for conquest” is
an obvious repetition, {t is explained, of
the German charge that her enemies
were the aggressors and were waging
a war of conquest

Belgium is again indirectly referred to
by Count Ozernin when he says that it
is not the intention of the Central Pow-
ers to “deprive the political independence
of those nations which lost it during the
war."

to

Nothing New in Proposals.

But this idea has been stated and re-
stated in Germany, and contains nothing
whatever new gt is explained, upon which
to base an assumption that the Central
Powers were veering toward the peace
goal which the Entente and the United
States have established as the only end
for the conflict.

No provision {1s made in Count
Czernin'’s terms for the return to France
of Alsace-Lorraine, which is regarded
here as a condition that must be met as
a preliminary to any peace agreement,
an understanding declared by President
Wilson in his message to Congress. In
the light of the extraordinary efforts
Germany has been making to rid those
provinces of French jmhabitants, it is be-
Hevable here tat Germany may propose
a plebiscite of tnhabitants, relying upon
the vote of German soldiers and the im-
ported German population, but such a
proposal probably would be rejected by
the United Stetes and her cobelligerents.

BULGARIA WON'T YIELD.

 

King Ferdinand Opposed to Czer-
nin Peace Ideas.

AMSTERDAM, Dec, 27.—The ideas of
King Ferdinand of Bulgaria about an-
nexations are very different from those
expounded by Count Czernin, the Aus-
tro-Hungarian oreign Minister, at Brest-
Litovsek.

The Neue Frei@ Presse (Vienna)
quotes him as saying that Bulgaria
would hold what she had won.

PLANT IS CONDEMNED.

 

Sald to Have Charged 24 Timers
the Coat of Work.
The Base Sorting Plant, named by

Quurtermaster-General Sharpe as one,
of the firms with which the Government
had cancelled a contract for sorting
woollen scraps, has been condemned, it
was said last night, by members of the
American Association of Woollen and |
Worsted Manufacturers,

The association asserts that the Base |
Plant could have done the work for a|{
quarter of a cent a pound, whereas the
price charged to the Government was 6
cents a pound. :

The tompany was formed, according
to mercantile agency reports, for the
purpose of collecting and shipping rags
and wool stock to be converted into cloth
for use in the army.

In the Verdun sector about two miles
north of Fort Douaumont, where the
flercest fighting for Verdun took place
in 1916.

After a very violent bombardment two
shock battalions of Germans were #ent
forward but were dispersed. They re-
turned to the attack, however, and suc-
ceeded in reaching the French lines but
were ejecied after losing heavily,
lin says regarding this fighting:

Northwest of Bezonvaux (Verdun
sector), after strong artillery and
mine firing preparation, regiments of

the Guards Division carried out a suc-
cessful operation. In the morning
reconnoitring detachments penetrated
the French line, In the afternoon

+ several companies, supported by flame
throwers and part of a storming bat-
talion, accompanied by infantry and
battle planes, stormed two enemy first
trenches on a width of 900 meters. A
French counter attack broke down
with heavy losses. 4

After blowing up numerous shelters
the storming troops returned, accord-
ing to order, to their former positions
with 100 prisoners and some machine
guns,

A French detachment which reached
our front trenches to the north of Ober
Burnhaupt was driven back in a hand
to hand encounter,

Bere

Battle Continues.

The French report reads:

On the right bank of the Meuse
(Verdun front) the artillery battle
continues on the front north of Caue
rieres wood,

Information now at hand shows that
the attack carried out yesterday by
the Germans in this region was very
violent. After strong artillery prepara.

tion the enemy sent forward two
shock battalions. They were dis-
persed by the French fire. In the

second attempt parts of the enemy
troops succeeded in approaching our
positions, but immediately were ejected
‘in a spirited engagement.

The enemy dead remaining on the
ground between the lines and in the
wire entanglements demonstrated the
‘importance of the losses suffered by
the Germans, who left prisoners in our
hands.

Guns Lively on Britieh Front.

The British oficial communication ise
sued this evening says:

With the exception of artillery ac-
tivity north of St. Quentin, in the
neighborhood of Arras and Measines,
and east of Ypres, there is nothing
of interest to report.

The German statement to-night on the
British front follows:

Western Theatre,
Prince Rupprecht—On the British
front fighting activity was lively at
times at Houtholst Wood, on the north
bank of the Lys and near Moeuvrea
and Marcoing.

NEW YORK AIR CADET KILLED.

Alden Davison Falla on Firat Ate

Front of Crown

tempt to Spiral Down.

Fort Wortit, Tex., Dee. 27,--Cadet
Alden Davison, an American aviator,
son of Henry J. Davison of S75 Par':
avenue, New York city, was killed at
Hicks Field here yesterday, When
making his first attempt at a spiral
descent Davison fell several hundred

feet, after losing control of his machin»

Alden Pavison was one of the first
three Arnericans to receive the Croix de
Guerre for gallantry under fire while
serving with the American Ambulance
Corps in France. He saw much of the
fighting at Verdun and other hotly con-
testeal sectors of the western froni.

After completing his service in France
Davison returned home and enlisted in
the Aviation Corps of the United States
Army and was sent to the Fort Worth
fiying school for instruction after com-
‘ pleting the ground school work.

 

4
Smart
Suits

insign Krylenko as commander in
chief,

Through French sources it {se reported
that the Bolshevik administration is
powerless to revictual Petrograd, which
now possesses only the barest reserves
of food. All railway communication
with the rich grain provinces in the
Don territory and Ukraine has been cut
or is disorganized.

The Central Powers have rejected the
Polish claim to be represented at the
peace conferences at Brest-Litovsk, but
according to the Frankfurter Zeitung
the delegates at Brest-Litovek include

representatives of the Ukraine republic. |

Reuter's Amsterdam correspondent
jin concluding his peace address dealing
with economic questions, said:

“We are ready to enter into negotia-
tions with all our enemies, but. in order
; to avoid unnecessary loss of tinfe the

allies (Teutonic) are ready to enter Into

 

jan attack upon the French or Belgians |
jor Americans when they come into the
‘line of operations, a drive through |
| Switzerland, a decisive blow in Italy, a |
thrust at Salonica or finally the recovery
| of Turkish losses in the Kast. There is
|a wide choice, and as the troops are
| available it is possible more than one
| of the operations may be undertaken at
jthe same time, provided the Germans
are not forestalled in the attack by the

| Allies.

°
| Allies Still Saperior,

{ It also must be sald that although ¢he
| Austro-<German reenforcements named
at least may equalize the fighting
| Strength in #rance they do not provide
superiority needed for a decisive stroke
{if the Anglo-French defences are not
‘neglected. The result of the fighting of
;/1916 and 1917 has been to give the

 

“Byjiminy! Makes me

© At no previous time has the
logic of buying direct from the
producer been so evident in the
selection of a suit or overcoat.

*' Middlemen’s profits take all
the character out of most mod-
erate-priced clothes. At Saks
it is the elimination of the
middleman that enables us to
put more genyine value into
our popular-priced assortments

and

Overcoats

| the consideration of those specific points

| Allies the best ground for defensive

and their resolve by all means to pre-
serve allegiance to Germany, proof
which by its significance and weight is
far superior to any expression of popular
will.

“The principles of economic relations
Proposed by the Russian delegation in
connection with the above six clauses
are approved wholly by the delegations
of the allled Powers, who always have
denied any economic restrictions and
who see In the reestablishment of regu-
lated economic relations, which are in
accord with the Interests of all people
concerned, one of the most important
conditions for bringing about friendly
relations between the Powers now en-
gaged in war.”

Chairman Ioffe of the Russjan delega-
tion expressed gratification at the will-
ingness of Germany to conclude peace
on the basis of no annexations, no in-

ples, but pointed out that the self-defini-
tion of peoples within the limits grand
by constitutions, as etated by the Ger-
man reply, was not complete.

Must Consider Little Nations,
“Renouncing the application of the

All: of | right of the stronger nation with regard

to territories occupied during the war,"

the examination of which seems in any ;PUrposes in the most {mportant sectors,
|case necessary for both the Russian | While the strength of the allied aerial
Government and the allies (Teutonic),” | forces and the great weight of the allied

 

 

|REDMOND THANKS IRISH IN U.S.

Acknowledges Fund for Use
Against German Propaganda.

Cuicaao, Dec, 27,.—T. P. O'Connor to-
day received from John Redmond, leader
of the Irish Nationalist party in the
British Parliament, a cable acknowledg-
ment of $50,000 sent from America as
; the first instalment of the fund now be-
ing raised in the United States to help
the Constitutional Nationalist party in
Ireland in its struggle against pro-
German and extremist propaganda.

In his cablegram Mr. Redmond ex-
pressed gratitude for thia valuable sup-
port from America and congratulated
i Mr. O'Connor on the success of his

mission,

Mr. O'Connor expects that within the
next few weeks an additional $60,000 or
$70,000 will be sent to Ireland.

The lead of the Irish Fellowship Club
of Chicao in raising funds for the move-
ment, Mr. O'Connor says, has been of
the greatest service to the cause rep-

 

he sald, “the Powers of tue quadruple jsesented by Mr. Redmond in Ireland

4

artillery and machine guns has rendered
the German attacks more costly than
| ever. .

We do not know whether such great
‘attacks are contemplated. Germany
| cannot afford to lose half a million men
| on an uncertain gain. The theory has
| been that the submarine would bring
about our downfall and that a great
| German attack was needless. Much de-
pends upon whether this opinion still ts
‘entertained. There also ts a body of

‘German opinion that suggests a general |

{attack everywhere in the west to in-
| cline us to peace. Yet another body of
opinion, governed by jealousy and the
pride of an attack upon England, favors
an invasion above all else.

The seasons and the ground will in-
fluence the decision, There is not much
prospect of success for an offensive in
Flanders ‘before March or April, The
Vosges theatre {s not attractive in win-
ter, although the Alpini debouched in
the Trentino in January,

Present day armies are so large and
they require so much room they would
not willingly choose the Tyrol as a
jumping off place before May, By April
Palestine and Mesopotamia, the jJatter

‘

|feel as though I’d suddenly
been melted and poured in
| whole.”
Pretty nice compliment
to our tailoring.
Dress _ suits.
wear to-night.

|

Price about half a good tailor’s,
Dress overcoats, silk!
mufflers, silk hats, silk!
waistcoats, patent leathers. |

Canes just now at reduced prices, |

Army officers’ uniforms.

Ready-to-

Rocers PEEtT Company

 

Broadway. Broadway |

at 13th St. “The at 34th St. |

Four 4

Broadway Corners” Fifth Ave. |

at Warren at qrst St. |
’

than is possible in clothing that

does
from

not come to you direct
the preducer.

Saks suits and overcoats at
$23 are made to sell at this
particular tigure, but are also
designed to uphold the reputa-
tion of this House for produc-

ing

clothes at every price

superior in every detail to those
offered elsewhere.

Saks & Company

Broadway at Thirty-fourth Street

  
  

 

rns

M ae