HH. —caceneeeeion  eueccsrsrsnteemee nee
ees eeeeceee nnn nee

ENGINEERS PRAISE
‘SUN’ TOBACCO FUND

ae ee ee

ance a
T hand wagon thie morning. From Vernon
/&. Rood of Bingham Canyon a check
| for $5 came yesterday. The employees
of the Robert Galr Company of Brook-
Iyn indulged in an unselfish celebration
of Christmas by passing the hat about
the several departments and collected
$12.60 for the fund,

: | lL. J. Dorflinger of Honesdale, Ma., has
Others at Front Acknowledge |

fent his regular monthrly contribution of
o ‘ $19. Mrs. Emily D. 8, Berger of Pel-
limely Gifts of American |
Made Smokes,

sent another dollar, and the Wall Street
j starr of the Morning and EVENING SUN
sare again to the front with an offering
jor $11.53.

| Bruce MeCiain of Montelair, N. J.
NED | writ mtelair, J.,

MANY BENEFITS PLAN
(. A. Phipps Gives Four Prize
Chickens to Be Sold at

> ry @ ,
Poultry Show, | Regimental Cook Gratetfal.

 

 

 

“Enclosed please find $5 na my con-
| tribution to Tie Sux Yobeeco Fund, ' 1
j feel that this is the most necessary war
atd enterprise there ta, since it gives the
| Sokiiers something more than a mere ne-
cessity—-a luxury,”

on of the Commander in | the bp did the fund's friends is indl-
a calvin Ua , | cated by the letters and postcards whieh
titee the Colonel of an Ameris! they are sending home. Writing to
regiment of Tingineers now in Seneca G. Lewis, the composer of "“Co-

“By direct

 

Pranee to TH Sus Tobacco Fund, “a | ’mbia,” who ts a fund enthusiast twen- |

ty-four hours of every day, Ovallie D:

: : at al ’ } ’ v day, e Dans
© contributed by you j fel, a cook of Battery C, Kighth Regi-
made to thit regiment and) menr, writea:

eivided among the soldiers on duty with | UWhile wishing for a cig this morning
t. This gift came at a very opportune aren ear my favorite tobacco, sent
; a : 3v you, and you must be a very kind
time, the regiment had been unable} persen to do so much for the Sammies.
to procure any American tobacco through | Words cannot express my gratitude to
the See ait Gaines iyou, for it seems more like an angel
“The men will individually make aes! from heave ci

5 Dy raven to receive s é :
krowidgement to the donors i Tenor ot

where! gift at such a plac
e as , i
names are known, but speaking for the | ' I am now at

regiment as 4 whole I wish to thank you
for your deep interest in this matter and
for vour g ‘rous aid in the promotion
of bappine and content among 1,100
men tar from home.”

This is just a sample of the letters
which the fund i¢ receiving almost daily.
Surely there does not remain a doubt in
the mind of anybody nowadays that this
pre t. to which hundreds of persons
are giving enthusiastic support, is meet-
{rg 4 great want which but for the
finds existence would now be making
{tvelf felt most seriously.

The sources from which the fund bene-
are varied, reflecting the interegt of
y part of the great thinking, patriotic
ic With the openiag of the poultry

of tobae
recently

Biyenent
wa

 

Happy New Year to you.”

¥. I. Boutwell of the Sixteenth Regi-
ment Bugineers, has addressed this card
to COW. Dillingham of the Dillingham &
Ziegfeld firm, another fund booster:

“L take great pleasure in
you that I received your contrivution of
real American tobacco, which is quite a
treat after consuming this French to-
bacco, Which we Sammies call dynamite.
The name is very appropriate too, 1
am sure the tobacco made every one
more cheerful, for it goes to show that
the folks back home do not forget us
after we get here.”

Many of the soldiers in describing the
effect of the receipt of tobaceo write in
crisp epigrammatic language that cat.

 

 

 

  
 

its

eve

  

  
 

of the New York Poultry andjries cloquence. Following are a few
Pigeon Association in Madison Square | Samples of enthusiastic expression:
Garden at 10 o'clock this morning some- Cf
thing entirely new will be offered in the Welcome in Hospitals,
ceaseless campaign for soldiers’ smokes. sa = :
Private William Ciaut of Philadel-
Cabaret Girls to Sell Chickens, phia, General Hogspital ‘No. 16: “It is

only another incident that convinces the

Ta a conspicuous position in the hall boys ‘out here’ that the people ‘back
will be displayed a pen containing four there’ are behind them 100 per cant
chickens whieh will be recognized by strong.” fj " * :

faiciers as fowls equal to the best to be Harry G. Ryer, also of Philadelphia

 
  

seen even in a premier exhibition like | General Horolta! No. 16: “Next to a
this, A large placard will reveal them @8 | letter we consider U.S. tobacco as our
the gift of Charlea A. Phigps of the} pest ¢riend.”

Homestead Campine Warm, Wayland, Sergt. De Sandire. Company F, 194th
Mess, to Tue St~ Tobaceo Fund. Infantry: “The Tobaceo Fund, we be-

   

Moreover, at every afternoon and night
session of the show, which continues till
Tuesday night, pretty girls will pass in

lieve. is one of the best things organized
yet, and it atnly is appreciate? by
all of us."@

   

 

      
   
  
 
  
 

:
and out of the erowds on the floor and | Victor Simon, General Hospital No @:
in the buleonies of the Garden, rec elving | “Nothing like a good old) American
hides for this beautiful «set of Belgian | cigarette ‘an keep up the epirit of a
Campines. The result ef the bidding will soldier. Nothing las alven me more
be announced Tuesday night and the en- | Pleasure, has made me “Ll more like
tire proceeds of the sale will come to the than trese same American
find, thanks to Mr. Phipps's generosity
and patriotism Pottes Synith, Base Hospital

 
 
  
 

services of the sialesgiris who
esent the leading Brovdway cabarets
been. obtained through Lea Her-
irk of 116 West Th ninth sireet, vie,
fe at once the cabaret king ard a faith-

“After
20

in

interest

ul it is not the toba
as the id

“30

 

      

 

 

enough

 

   
 

 
  
 

  

 

 

ham, N. Y., who algo is a repeater, has!

What the soldiers themselves think of |

Thousand thanks, a Merry Xmas and a}

informing |

a that |
} United States take {with providing Christmas cheer for thou- | afternoon we engaged about fifteen of the
in their soldiers to deisands of poor children, and the eve of | pandits ata point Jour miles south of the

RED CROSS IS SHORT
100,000 MEMBERS

 

|
morrow Night to Fill
Quota of 500,000.

‘

‘TAMMANY WORKS HARD

 

Philadelphia Passes New York
by Enlisting 700,000
in Cause,

 

Fifty thousand members a dey is the
little stint the Red Cross workers must
Derforn for the two davs remaining of
fils week if New York is to make good
on its allotted of 400,000 new
members, night the number was
400,000, putting the Empire City
far behind Philadelphia, which yesters
. doy reported an enrolinent of 700,000,

However, Tammany is on the job now,
and it is thought that the braves, flushed
| with their recent victory at the pots,
will get on their war paint and sweep
ithe town for the Red Cross. Thomas B.
Smith, who has the Tammany drive in
‘harge, sent oft letters to 9,000
{bers of the county committee, making tr
Plain that Charles F. Murphy is behind

quota
Last

thus

( meni-

ane <a 0 atnte-nmneneneaeneeneese sano secneemeniee de on oe

|

|HIGH PERCENTAGE

REFUSED BY emy OLTY AGAIN FACES
|

/ Must Be Enrolled Before To-|

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

 

More Men Rejected in U. S.
Than Any Other Country.

THILApeELPitta, Dec, 27.—The percent-
age of men rejected by the
Army for physical reasons ranges from
30 to 70 per cent. and ts higher than
that of any other country, according
to speakers at the opening seasion
the American HKeonomie
here to-day,

ce eee eceremee« sbaee amen eenaeden cetey =
LS

National .

of
Association |

DECEMBER 28, 1917.

 

ee

 

 

; two barges in the Mott Haven canal.
; These could be unloaded in a few hours
| ‘and then the situation would be even
| | Worse than two weeks ago. Forty-five
! | Apartment houses In The Bronx have
| no coal at all and many others are run-
t eneanacenenennemnneh {hing on a day to day supply. The con-

; dition is not only serious, #aid Mr, Hats,
‘Many Apartment Houses Said | but dangerous to health.

Brooklyn received jess than 40 per
to Be Without cent. of its normal supply yesterday, and
‘ Fuel.

reports from across the river are to the
effect that the suffering in the frigid
Weather of the past two days has been
beyond description. Hospitals are be-
Kinning to run short and their plight is
a mattér of great moment not only to

 

+ am carom eeeeeen

 

“GOUGING AMONC® POOR

‘ | the Fuel Administrators, but to friends
Pas oie ¥ es os TRCGRanES ik ——— Sa a relatives of patients In these instl+

Oo economica a aie niversits oo * ° utions,
clared figures he had collected convinced | Fuel Administrator's Offjce In an effort to relieve the Manhattan
lim that the percentage of rejections e coal situati Pe a, We the
not only vate as high as 70 per cent. | Invaded by Scores of Ins open statement to. Fuel a OeTmininraite
| but that countless cases of unsuspected 8 Schley yeaterday that he was prepared
‘llness, such as tuberculosis had been), dignant Citizens. to rent cellars and other buildings not
discovered, | seth only on the Hast but West Side for the
“Contrast this showing," declared delivery of coal to needy families. He
Prof, Fisher, “with that in) France, Reeve Schtey, Federal Fuel Admini! said he would do this at his own ex-

Where the percentage has averaged 30
per cent, for more than 100 years, or
from the time of the Napoleonic wars.”

 

 

U.S. TROOPS KILL 18

the move, and urging a vigorous house |

to house canvas,

from the Battery to The

Bronx, 19.000 Tammany workers were |

| Yesterday,

going from door to door, using
w. k, political dexterity to persuade folks
to give up a dollar fer the good cause.
[Bach of the $37 election districts had

out its strongest men, those of the wid-

    

est acquaintance, and the results were
excelient,
Tenement Dwellers Enroll,
Canvassers reported that in the tene-
j; ment districts very few of the persons
approached failed to respond. Canvass-
ers were out in all languages and

gathered in enrolments from more na-
tionalities than Red Cross headquarters
could count. KE. R. Connelly is the Tam-
many man in immediate charge of the
workers,

Even blind men are doing their bit for
the Red Cross and shaniing the slack-

ers among the seeing. A certain
-——name not to be used—who is in the
habit of giving 4 little token in

shape of cigars, sweets, &c.,

their |

| Many

|

the | rected
once in al

MEXICAN BANDITS

Many Otherg Are Wounded
by Soldiers Who Cross
the Border.

 

Marra, Tex., Dec. 27.-—-Ten of the
Mexicans ‘who raided Candelaria Christ-
mas morning were killed and a number
wounded when Ameri

Col. George T. Langh

 

 

le overtook

bandits on the Mexican side of the Rio |

One American sol-
but will
stolen

le early to-day
wounded,
the

 

 

Was recover.

of horses were re-
covered,
After pursuing the bandits for a dis-

tance of ten miles into the mountains

 

of Mexico the American treops re-
crossed the Rio tirande to American
territory af noon to-day and made a

complete report to Col, George T. Lang-
horne of the expedition across the
border.

Report Describes Pursait.

Capt. Fiske,
which pursued the

the
the

commanding
bandits into

troops

Mexico,

lawyer | made the following report to Col, Lang-

horne, commanding officer here, who di-
the pursuit until the troops got
ad communication :

 

while to the inmates of the Home for! e picked up a hot trail made hy the
Destitute Blind at 194 Amsterdain aves | Mrite raneh raiders about seven miles
jnue asked them yesterday how many, from Hl Comodor at tt AL Mo Wednes-
{would eare to take a membership in the} day, This trail led across the river at
Red Cross instead of the usual remem-j| los Fresnos ford Four horses were
brance, Fourteen out of thirty-eight} found abandoned on the tratl before we
Sightless elected ty) make this sacrifles, crossed. We followed the riiders around

 

The drive in
happened at a bad time.

of “the finest” have been much engrossed

 

@ little bit for them. T can tell yeu it}a change in adrninistration is not #
ful fund supporter. This quartet from | makes a fellow swell out his chest and |good moment for seeking to enre) the
tie Strand Roof will be on duty to-day: | do bis b for Unele S i Police Department in a Red Cross 100
Klsie Lynwood, Babe Lave | First at. 2. 1, ourteenth | per ceat, club. A strike is being made,
Bristow and Jae Delaine They w j Erezine “These are the tings that: however, for the Interborough organtzn-
white badges bearing the namos of the | Make 3 realize tiat there is no place in [tien, with its 20,000 members, and the,
Place of entertainment ‘no which they me bah like a good old U. 8 * ; ; drive committee has not lost hope.
sing and dance and THe Sun Tobacco Ard is tor these reasons taat hun-

Fund 2 ? dreds of smokers have formed tse habit The 100 Per Cent. Honor Roll,
. ¢ » vith ’ finite, ¢ x }
There is certain to be a great attend- + one re Sa: Aare ee apr er The New York Life Insurance Com-
Ance in the ballroom of the Plaza BO rer wert seas : Sie United nig | pany’ is a leader in the 14 per cent.
e. ‘ uF SONGS ‘ . “ t *
morrow night, when the: Akron Club | Schulte cigar stores. ‘Through the gen- jclubs. The 1,400 employees of the home

puts on it@ splendid entertiinment for

   
 
 
  

   
  

  
 
 
  

   

 

     

 
  
 

  

  

  

  

   

. na [| @POus cooperation of the two co
he ¢ he el am tal ‘ B
ne rhino ae lub ee Meg ‘n (All these deposits work to the ber
Thai Re nice Me raat on cae ‘the fund and the increase of
h ‘ enterpri wo a jdiers’ snoke supo's
; aration a , Athi , ’
Ria ahte BramiAactothi She ) that wi en you 1 iv ft J ‘
. : : {sure that you place the ¢
ess, both artistically and fnancialiy. (eertiticates in toe If you
> them on the aint will be
° ?, -
Novel Features Planned, Leni dtie fellowes (tt will, reco!
First will come the production of an | no gain from them.
original three act musical farce, “One! 5 *
Minute, Please,” written by Ralph «G. | The Fund Now Stands.
Ungelsman, with musie by Riehard C.) THE SUN and THE NING SUN.
Rodgers, the gifted young composer, Mil- pus ee wear ey, ;
} Prevtor r ehnoe ¢
ton Bender, well known for his success | Noy contributions ,

 

fn the direction of amateur theatrical en-

     
 

 

tertainments, will stage the pliuy. Pinot ' ‘a for 76.88
1 : ¢ {| Sh oe Me ,
lhe committee, headed by Julian Me! eg haance

Jacobs, has arranged several elaborate |

 

through the
Cance specialties to be given at the con- ‘ 3
clusion of the performance, The Akrons
have been hosts at many affairs in which |
funovation danees have been a feature, |
and this year have made special efforts | M
fo overshadow their greatest su saes of
the past. Among the novelties will be aj
speelal number by Miss Mathilda Mitchell | A

total... ee eee):

Spluning (>, Philadelpi'a
1 Roed, Binghs Cunron,
tal ° : 5.09
Emily 1D. 8, Berger, 220 Nyack
Pelhatu, N.Y. :

Dorflinger, 926 Court «t . Hones
monthly eont.... : bt)

rand

     

  
  
 
   

 

19

 

0

 

tayvonne, N. J Fes mo
and Howard J, Strauss, a vampire song of Robert Gair Co., Bklyn 12.60
ty Miss Retta Erdman and an Auto Mont &
Shee Sin . > Bleatric , a tvs 8 ON VAS TES *s : 5.
Show Girl song by Miss Beatrice Rothe | yon, we Manier, Ankonia, Conn. ray
child, SAE Eee stant of THE SUN and
\ new volunteer combination for the SVEENING RUN. ee essere 1158
fee pageant which is being prepared for pe) 4a Re emanate UReRO RE .
next Thursday and Friday at the Wal-! at Aeolian Hall...... : 200.90

dort-Astoria
ban fe

is the

  

WAR REVIVIFIES
MAINE SHIPYARDS

28,369 Net Tons Built Since

ists and guitarist, who are fresh
from the sourh, They will) furnish |
appoopriate ineidental music during the
exnibltion of some of the tableaux and
Will appear also in a number by them- |
selves. In the trio's repertoire are all!
the “darky"” folk songs, many of which |

\

Kentucky = Trio, |

 

 
  
      
 

have been almost forgotten and others
narodied out of any resemblance to the
cal Unie. hn tH as in th |
work of reviving the old) minor -
{
1
i
t
1

 

 

 

their

  

enetrating melodies are certain to make

 

 

 

a Early Last Summer—Busy
Pageant to Be Rich in Masic. Davs Ahead
Mor in musie the lee pageant is to ms ,
he very rich, There will be the Wal- alee ad
lorf-Astovia orehestra to accompany all Baxcor, Tee, 27-—Maine Rinvard
ANGOR, » 27.—Maine shipyards,

hig concerted numbers and to play later

‘ : vhich in recent yvears hi “e .
for the general skating and dancing. which in recent years had become almost

Tiere is to be besides a large chorus deserted, this year have been awakened

fiom Massell's Metropolitan School of | DPW life by the war demand for ton-
Hawes. o = ? nage. A review of operations shows an

lgit opera, with several debutantes, =

output since early summer of 28.369 net
tons, while the activity manifest every-
where promises results in 1918 equal to
that of the most prosperous years of the
industry.

Building operations now in progress or
contemplated insure a much larger out-

eatured in solo work, and there will be
s of established reputation also,
© latter are to be heard in the open-
log part after the chorus has joined in
invocation to History and when she
Appears to choose from among her wor-

     

 

*lippers thirteen maidens, the thirteen put of new merchant tonnage in 1918.
Orginal Colonies, to each of whom she At Hath several large schooners and
aliots some great task destined to be) steamships are in process of construc-
hstorical And the singing behind the | tion or under contract, and that port,
scenes of old war songs and ditties; which for many years led all Maine in
rem niseent of the Revolution by the | shipbuilding, promises to equal if not
Camp Uvton Four will be a special fea- | exceed its old time production.

ture, ~ In the Rockland district nine vessels,

\u event to take place a few weeks} large and small, are on the stocks, At
hence, to which many persona are look-' Belfast a four masted schooner of 1,000
ing forward with much interest, is the! tons and a five master of 1,800 tons are
riusical comedy production by the Val-| building, while the four master Agnes
cour Club in MeKinley Square Casino | BE. Wilcox, of about 700 tons, will he
the neht of January 18, Nineteen of; launched at Stockton Springs about the
the forty members of this organization | middle of January, At Sandy Voint a

re in the service of Uncle Sam, so tt
Was only natural that the Valcours {eral 8,500 ton
*hould enter with enthusiasm into any | wWili be built. ee
roject to promote the welfare of the At Milbridge the Sawyer Shipyards
soldiers, The tobaceo fund is to be the! Corporation will build at least one four
nedium of distribution of their aid, | masted schooner of about 600 tons, while
Charles V. Halley, Jr, is chairman of | the peri Camashy ja getting gut
ie ear ttte . the frames for two fo n pre and two
ae Sear th charge of the coming five masters, one pr more of which will
: be built at Harrifiston, ;
, At South Portland several wooden
Private Beat Adds 9800. steamships will be built for fareign ac-

Through the J. B. Pond Lyceum Bue! count, and five shipyards along the
eau a check for $800 came yesterday to, ghores of Casco Bay have contracts for
‘over the collection taken by Private) gevern! vessels each, steam and gail,
Narold Peat at hip lecture in Aeolian A three masted schooner fs to be bullt
Hall the night of December 18. In thelon the Saco River, and several three
‘ourse of his thrilling recital of ex-|masted schooners will be launched at
‘swiencex at the front Private Peat] Boothbay Harbor in the next six months,
Wpped to say: while Waldoboro will contribute one or

“Ard we need emokes. We can't get} two large vessels to the list,

‘ong without them, We're short too Work {n all yards has been greatly de-
often, but THe BUN Tobacco Fund is}layed by the difficulty in getting mate-
food emare’ te simedy them now.” rials, while skilled labor also has been

Mar ff Utah elimps into tne fund's] scarce.

wooden eteamship hulls

 

 

 

 

new yard has been created, where sey-|

office, comprehending everything from

  

boy, jained en lor

  

The Jatest honor roll of the 100 per
cent. clubs is as follows:

AG, Belden & Co, 29 Burling stip:
Bosch Magneto Compares 23 West For-

 

npyeyv, be

PM

  
 

 

 

 
  
 
  
 

 

iwenu

' TIP ore

‘ At » 248 Cooumbuos avenue

| isiane Mills, Throop a

; Brookly Jer & Wells Ire Company,
; 6d Nir I, Wise Company, I :
33 t rivethird street; New York

 

 
   
 
   

| Life Insu ee Company ; American
‘Fashion Company, #22 West Thirty-ninth
street; Tueker Ageney, 808 Fifth ave-
tnue se, BL Ruekschul », 27 East Thire
ty-first street: St. Negis Hotel: Belle-
laire Hotel, Ri ‘ariton Hotel, Vander-
bilt Hotel, Nati Aniline and Chemi-
heal Company, I teal Consumers Ade
justinent Corporation, 113 Broad

 
     

Wel Fargo & (os. 41
force: ¢juaranty Se
244 Madison avenue; George AL Low-
thwaite Company, 118 Walker eet,
and Cohen, Goldman & Co., 692 HBroad-

ROAD CONTROL

Broadwis, o
urities Corporation,

 
 

 

US,
MODEL FROM OHIO

| Tayler Street Cav Franchise in
Cleveland Used by
President.

 

 

Special Deepatch to Tar Svs,
LEVELAND, Dec, 27 The

franchise, under whieh the
Railway Company operates

 

on

Tayler

the city’s

pral manager to the least and littlest |

 

|

|
|

!

the Police Department | 4 point of the Sterra de Las Ventanas
The members |

Mountain range, and toward the Sierra
dela HWilares. At 1 o'clock Wednesda,

Rio Grande, We kept up a running fight

for ten miles, killing ten of the fifteen
bandits, The remaining five escaped
into a canyon of the Sierra de las
Hilares.

“l ordered ten of tiny men to etrip to
in pursu.t
But

their saddles and sent them

through the Hex Canyen. eur

 

     

 

    
 

 

 

 

 

      
 
  
 

 

 

    

 
 
 

 

nh cavalry under |
the!

 

| pense if the Fuel Administration would
furni#h him with the coal. He went
further and offered the services of men
to handle the coal and sell it at absolute
cost, The matter was taken under ad-
vinement Wy the Fuel Adrninistration.
The special committee appointed by
Federal Fuel Administrator Wiggin fell
into the atride of its work yesterday, and
Mr. Wh@ley of the committee was sent
| Sey aw 4 i aentatt o down the harbor in a tug to get a line
= aoe eee veut " on barge and tonnage conditions at tide-
say nothing of an individual gathering ¢ Water points, His report of the condi-
orators and nenr orators whe simply | tions as he found them will be made
, overwhelmed him with suggestions and | at its meeting this morning,
| demands, |
| Mr, Schley was forced to leave the of-
| fiee soon after the delegation dispersed
and it was stated his home that he
had retired and would take no part in
last night's investigation of violations “|

trator for Mafhattan, faced a real crisis
yesterday when his cighteen by twenty
| Office inadequate necommodate
© delegation of rabid claimants for coal,
ere the West Side Taxxpayers
|
'

was to

Association, the Taxpayers Association
of the Tenth, Eleventh and Seventeenth
Wards of New York City, and Greater

  

Profitecrs Lose Licenses.

A sporadic effort to fleece the tenement
dweller w sprung yesterday by a num-
ber of cellar dealers with their allies,
the cart men, but the
up by the alert action of Deputy Fuel
Administrator Stanton, who is in charge
of the Bast Side braneh of Mr. Schley's
j the local fuel afministration from the! office, Mr. Stanton had two of these
chairmen of the various organizations | dealers in his office ve:terday, and when
who crowded into his office for some) confronted with g-2r-ng irregularities in
manner ef relief, not only from alleged} price making were relieved of thelr
nt charges by dealers, from the | licenses and ceased to carry on their
ellar men, but{trade from that hour. The names of
for a definite idea as to what roight be | these dealers and the disposition of
expected in the future by the consumer. | their cases will be announced in a day
or so by Mr. Schley.

George 1) Pratt, State Conservation

To the polnted question as to when a] Commissioner, who is a member of Mr.
fixed price for coal to the consumer | Wiggin'’s special coal conservation com-
might be expected. Mr. Schley stated) mittee, contemplates a vist to Albany
that he had nosidea of making announce- | Within a day or so to seek the ald of up-
nent of this price before the frst of the | State residents to use wood instead of
year. }coal to conserve the supply for the
A murmur of disapproval went about Jercater city, THe will make a formal re-

  
   

the usual lightless Thursdays
There was a tentative demand upon

  

 

| exorb
Wholesalers down to the

 

No Fixed Price Until January 1. |

  
 

 

     

theJroom as Mr. Schley made this state- |port of his findings Immediately upon
Fanti APA TAY OBIAE OAAE his return.
ment, and from that point on in the cone 5 e
= : Rae reeard him was A suggestion went out fron the ceall try.
eae i aik sane, j conservation committee vesterday to the
og Pariveeg }effect that rich men’s clubs, g,

    
 

t le
‘There followed a flow of pointed speech
Which was from complimentary to
the local fuel administration ane reached

 

stanee, the Sleepy Hollow Golf Club at
Tarrytown, with its immense plant and

 

 

 

See SS ae eS ES

1 He aid further thot there were only!

|

!

plan was broken |

 

! founding of the Star, a newspaper pub-

|
|

for) and the eheck then

‘ . ' ith i cov. | tWerty Or more servants, he closed for
in its scope Dr. Gartiela, with W rem s ithe winter to coneerve coal It was!
eral of the speakers had come in contact | ©,

\
|

  

number of these
requented by only

ited that there are
jubs near New York

  

in the early days of the s

orlagae.

      

 

 

Peter DP. Campel, chairman us the exe a very few men and vet the full equip-
ecutive committee of the West Side Taxe | ant og servants must be maintained
payers’ Assoviation, went so far as to throughout the winter. This is a matter
inform Mr. Sciney that he had been in |e, pe taken un by the coal conservation
Washingt early last spring before a] ., ttee at its meeting to-day.

 

Senate ’

|
t
|
|
|
| he had
f !

'

'

1

{

|

|}

|

ine
10rt-
been

unittee, where

rof thet
Kreate

J. E. ANDRUS GIVES

CHARITY MILLIONS

Ireatened coal s
ety and had
tion He claime:

 

in the

  
 

age

it fer hi
duced facts and figures, and
Was taken upon his sug-
Went back to Washington

laughed pred
to have pr
yet no action
gestions. He
during the summer months and urged a
inereased supply
the building up of a
surplus supply to take @are of the winter

|
|
|
|
demand.

 

coal conservatio

and

an

  

for the Kast

 

Continued from First Page,

these
ww

That sumgestions and those of

others Mr Cappel defleit sa) eat spieuous in other institu.

accomnanie :
ae ranied tions of this kind. JT have other plans in

 

     
   
 

 

 

      
  
   

   

     

 

 

      

     

       

          

   
   
    

 

  
 

    
 

 

 

 

 

    

 

|
|
|

horses were so exhausted that the men] Were unheeded is making itself felt here} es extension of this work
were unable to overtake the bandits, | Po’, which are not mature enough to outline
. i t ai e
who scattered into the mountains: hu ; Many Wombn in Delegation. at present
quail, The detachment returned after publicity given to my present
Cark Jast night and we then doubled Other speakers who brought out perti- ster HAT AVBHINE, HA WEDROAREC IRAAK
back to the river. We brought coo-| nent faets before Sehley os Maat av bi ns jocerte at this
lsideratie property that had been stvlen | Thonas Kiekeler pre (3 le to make this explanatic 3
from the 'rlte store, consisting of foCd. | payers Aasociation tie ; F
‘elothing and ammunition. One horse} eleventh and Sevente ioe r" ® land Incl 1s = a tract
waring the Brite brand was found shit) York. and Mever « pot 200 oaere De Buooawityy lit
and another had been abandoned. Wool the Greater New h Taxpayers 1 Yonhers, ne. gs jine
j diane man wound Privat io ation Atou y Women wet |} Me. And years one
{Kelly, and two puck mules kill Celegation ar mong thea were | eat KNOWN embers of the Re-
Lavina tine +) told tie party and of the Methodiat
Another Ratd Reported. ertiog worth hundre iis Wa | in this conntre Hee has eK.

Another raid wos made by a sinaller' dollara which wv Without coal and] ae rely a ot Se a aT oo are

band of Mexicans on the Fitagerald | with little prospect of getting a supply |, : ser ‘The Rae as i A
lranch, fifteen miles west of the Brite) under present conditions ; West Toei county Weurti ‘ y
office, Christmas night. A Menxi-| “You representatives of the Governe YW < fat! a Wanita Rev cLBMi)
ranch hand em; “J on the ment will have a fat chance of floating ue andnin na aate mailer wie Miss
id ranch reach: Valentine Anot Government loan among our hi Pal ner he fore ler ma cr litni: { ; the
and made the following report tena if they to Live fn cold flats | oinistep at "

"A Mexican by the name of Roj as a result of ¢ Tosh Was the John Emory Andrus was educated at
ployed as &@ ranca hand on the caustic charge # gpeakers Wesleyan University, Connecitout, from
gerald ranch, ated that about “We are just coming into our rights,” | yy) ‘ted with the degree
Mexicans unknown to him canme to the: she mitinue “and our money will talk | ge, i nh V9lt the honorary
ranch, and r binding him hand and | When It comes to fin i it who isres | | egree of LI. D. was bestowed upon
foot drove off ten head of mules and two} sponsible for this shortage of coal and {him ov the same inst ;
head of horses. ‘They also took all | Mie consequent suTering of our people,’ | ve
provisions, saddles, bedding and his rine} Ur Henry Rerg was another of the] Once Was School Teacher,
and ammunition, After the bandits lefr; forceful speakers who eonfronted Ad- Fr four years after his graduation
Rojo managed to free himself and came | Mnistrater Schley and his remarks {he taught school in New Jersev. Then
on foot to the cany of the cavalry de-| “ere contineds fo the great suffging of fhe embarked in the business of mamnd-
tachment at Holland's ranch, and froin | the poor and™ot the need of immediate | ¢acturing medical preparations and
there by wagon to Valentine.” f roles net only in the matter of getting |ehnemicals, Feom this industry, and his

Troops stationed at Valentine are pre- | CO3! to the tenament district, but to} investments, le amassed hos fortune, In

i pared for a possible raid on that place, {| T of the priee so that to being the head of his own
' word having been brought to the station | te? he is president of the New
to-day that bandits were preparing to} feeced by alla Pharmacal Association, a trustee;

} are so-called Villa followers whoewe

Cleveland | Langhorne that

attack during the night, All the citizens
of Valentine are preparing to help the
soldiers in defending the town,

Identity of Raiders in Dispote.

A report from Villa sympathizers re-
ceived bere indicates that the bandits
were men from the Carranzista forces,
From other sources Col. Langhorne has
received information that the bandits

 
   

Impersonating Cari auaioia n
to the extent of dressing in their un.-
forms in order to bring diseredit upon
the Government troops.

Mexican officials have telegraphed Col
their troops from Chi-
huahua are prepared to cooperate with

force 3 &%

street car system, was used as a model’ the American forces in trying to exter-

for President

over the nation’s railroad systems.

Wilson's plan of taking; minate this band of raiders

Evidence that the bandits had pene-

| Secretary Baker's experience as Cleve- | trated further inland than they had ex-

put together the Tayler grant guided

 

read proclamation, Mr. Baker
Kested to President Wilson
under which the railroads

 

are being
taken over by the Federal Government,

In 1909 Mr. Baker wrote many of the
sections in the Tayler franchise after
Giseuss.ng then with Federal Judge
Robert W, Tayler, after whom the g
was nained,

 

   

There are many points of sinilarity |»,

between
grant and the regulations in Wilsen’s
proclamation, written by Baker,

The Tayler grant guarantees to Cleye-
Jand Railway Company stockholders a
fixed 6 per cent, net return on their in-
; Vestment, In the President's proclama-

three year period ending last June 30,

ulating the company’s expenditures for
‘new equipment, extensions and the like.
The President's proclamation gives the
Federal Government full control of raj].

  

him iu drawing up the President's rail-| waa shown to-day by
sug- | tary
the planjextra horses which were picked up by

}

the provisions of the Vayler|triet: commander, who has

road service and regulation of all ex- |
penditures made for equipment and the | Broadway's Newest Movie Theatre

‘Ike,

' Tayler grant is the “best possible trans-

portation at cost plus a reasonable rate | the

of return to the stockholders who own
‘the property.”

| The underlying motive in the Presi-
dent's proclamation written by Mr,
Raker is to give the nation “the best pos.
sible transportation at cost plus a rea.
; sonable rate of return to stockholders,”
| Congress and Secretary Medoo will
;act In the same relation to the rallroads
‘in many details as the Cleveland Coun-
fell and the Street Railway Commissioner
‘now do toward the Cleveland Railway

{Company under the Tayler grant,

The great underlying feature of the!

land's city law director whey he helped pected and were being forced to abandon

all but their most necessary equipment
the surplus mili-
equipment, side arms and ever
reenforcements sent to Join in pursuit of
the raiders. A number of Mexican dead
also were found by the American cay-
alrymen,

Rumors from #) Pase that Germans in

rant | Mexico were responsible for the border

Christmas Day were refuted to-
ight by Col, George T. Langhorne, dis-
ordered an
investigation of the political aspects of
the raid.

raids

Raids Blamed Upon Germans,
Er Taso, Tex., Dec

37.

Federal ofti-

j tion the net return to be given the raij-]|clals to-night began an investigation of
|roads is fixed at the average for the} reports that the Mexican bandit raider

into the Big Bend district of Texas were

The Tayler grant gives to the city the ' being inspired by Germans now operat-
full power of controlling services and reg-| ing south of the border in conjunction

with American draft evaders

ACCIDENT DELAYS OPENING.

Gives First Show To-night,

Because of an accident in setting up
scenery of “The Conservatory of
na creation from the Lee Lash

 

Jewels,

{studios Which is@o be a feature of the

'

new Rivoli Theatre at. Forty-ninth street
and Broadway, the theatre was unable
to open, as it had announced, last night,
The stage settings will be fully com-
pleted to-day, however, and the first
show In Broadway's newest movie thea-
tre will be given to-night.

A modified pageant, “The Victory of
Democracy,” and Douglas Fairbanks In
“A Modern Musketeer" will be features
of the opening,

}

      
 

ently engaged In the coal

! :
had re
ness,
In tits connection it was Drought out

of

busi- the New York
treasurer of le Qoean Grove

1, Which own the big
meeting grounds at Chean Grove, N. J,

aud is connected with other church and

Insurance Com-

As-

  
 

grocers

had

that furniture dealers, Junkmen

wilh wagons and * others who

 

  
 

passed throhgh the holiday trade with | charitable organizations,

frofit aad who found business suddenly One of Tis notable gifts In the past
fallog off had jumped into the eoal | Was a fund of $50,000 to the New York
Business and were mulcting the public | Conference of the Methodist Mpiscopal

Chureh for tre of super.
mninisters of faith He was elected
Mayor of Yonkers in 1903, and was eent

to its eapacits taking «
wholesalers and

Plices wherever

by purchasing «val from
selling it
they

 

 

at outrageous
found a

 

demand,

       

|
thesa addition
dwellers would net be further | companies
anner of profiteers who] York

 

And this demana they found on Tast | ?* 4 Renubliern Representative to the
Side streets, where vesterday’s reports | Congresses from the Fifty-ninth to the
were to the effect that more than fu Bixty-second,

per cent. of The cellar dealers wee i . Pach Z

without a suMeTont supmy to laet them | WOMEN'S LUNCH CLUB OPENS

twenty-four hours ‘

   

in iustragon of the strenuousness

 
 

 

   
  

 

of the situation On the East Slde a rep- City Employees Have Restaurant
resentative of Titre SuN saw a woman in Municipal Butiding,
whe said she was 86 years old pieking The Women's Munte'pal Luneh Club

over the ash cans of a Broadway affice formally opened its new home yesterday

is the twenty-sixth floor of the Munic
!
'
|
|
|
|

 

building over @ mile from her home. .
She satd her grandson was an ot © bOY | pal Build'ng, with Comptroller Prender-
in the building and had obtatved per-! past as the guest of the Adamless Huden
mission from the engineer for her tol|of city workers.

 

In gummer the club
rooms can be opened as a
light hundred
building

get what coal she could from the cans, roof garcen,

women omploved
lunch 4

In the

. .
20,000 Tons Brought to City, yester-

As to the supply of coal aetually in
New York yesterday there were no defi-

 

had the elub

No woman who {s nat an enplovee of

1 ; “ ; the city or county may joi Mun
nite figures, Dut it was “estimated’ by | | mntsniy (it ny Join the elun,
mural, Adininiateation ¢ ' hen which has asked the Seeretary of State
the Fue mereostra tthat about 20°] poy oa charter. Mary ©. Brennan is
|

O00 tons had come over from tidewater, president, Anna Van Hohoff vice-prest

camp!

nuated |

 

) whioh is 25,000 tons short of normal! dent and secretary and Miss J. Welles

demand. Wentworth is treasurer, |
In The Rroenx, where the normal de- - 7

mand ts about 4,600 tons, Muel Admin-

istrator Joseph A, Hall reported that

receipts for yesterday had been about

£1,500 tons for the twenty-five yards,

 

Costs Less
and Kills

That Cold

| wilds
CASCARA Ee? QUININE
AO”

from real estate is the |
result of some one’s|
careful planning and

work, Our service in- |
cludes both.

 

‘The standard cold cure for 20 yeare— *
in tablet form-—-safe, sure, no opiates
——eures cold in 24 rps 6p 18 3
days. Money back if it fails. tthe
genuine box with Red top and Mr.
Hill's picture on it. ‘
Coste less, gives
more, Saves money,

| 24 Tablete for 25c,

Wm. A. White & Sons

Established 1k65

46 Cedar Street

“clephoue 5700 John

|

At Any Drug Store

00 0 0S 00 0 SI SOOO I a 0 oo

 

  
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
 
   
  
     
  
    
   
     
     
  
  
  
  
   
   
    
  
        
   
    
            
   
          
     
  
    
  
         
     
 

44+) OG
Secteamsarsasonares oabaneceneseeeneD
Palmer was to get 40 per cent. of the re-
ceipts, a movie man 10 per cent. and the
other 50 per cent. was to go to tho
charity. ‘

The Palmer contract was agreed upon
at an executive meeting, sald Haniilten,
which was attendsd by John Moffat,
Miss Elsa Maxwell, Palmer himself and
some others whose names he could not
recall. Mr, Moffat, said the witness fur-
ther, had not agreed to the paying of a
fhercentage commission to Malmer, but
the contract lind been made over Mr,
Moffat's protest.

Hamilton's testimony went into details
aboyt an automobile, which he said had
been largely used by himself and his
sister, the car belng driven by a chauf-
feur who was paid 825 a weok, sald
Hamilton, by the ambulance organiza-
tion, As to the finances concerning his
trip to Russia, Hamilton sald he had
fot.a contribution of $1,250 from the
Foreign Merchandising Corporation,
which has offices in the Woolworth
Building, a like amount from Charles H.
Boynton of 61 Broadway and $2,000
nore by cable from the Foreign Mor-
chandising Corporation while he waa In
Russia,

Also before he sailed, he added, he
had drawn $1,000 from the funds of the

 

 

 

 

CHARITY PROMOTER |
HELD FOR FORGERY

Bronx Man Arrested in Jersey
on Five Indictments
Found Here.

 

HAMILTON ON GRILL

 

Vice-President of Russian Am-
balance Tells of Operations—
Hutson to Return $3,000.

 

The work of looking for straightness |
or alleged crookedness In the conduct |
of individuals connected with recent war!

charities, with which the District At-| American Ambulance in Russia, and
torney’s office {s just now busy, was While he was abroad Mr. Moffatt had
a elied yesterday between an indoor Cabled him $6,000 to form a committee

c8nsisting of Kerensky, United States
Ambassador Francis and leaders of the
Kerensiy revolution for the purpose of
“putting Russia on its feet.” But atong

oh : | had coma the counter revolution, Ham-
field work that resulted in one arrest, ‘ilton said, whereupon the plans came

A young man giving the namo Of) to naught. He returned $5,000 then to
Willam J. F. O'Neill and his addresa; Ambassador Francis for safekeeping.
as 15952 St. Lawrence avenue, The}

Bronx, was arrested at Washington,
N. J, by Detectives Erown gnd Mayer
of the District Attorney's office follow-

examination at tae Criminal Courts;
Building into the affairs of the American |
Ambulance In Russia and some outdoor

Statement Unauthorized.

| Hamilton denied that he ever had
; Authorized a statement that fifty Ameri-
| can ambulances were doing war work
ing three indictments for forgery and] in Russian. He also’ sald he knew
two for larceny as a result of O'Neill's, nothing of a check for $654 sent to the
activities in raising Money for the de- @mbulance by the Elks, although a letter
pendents of men who had enlisted in| containing what was said to be Hamil
: ; ; | ton's signature was received by the Elks
various military organizations since war in acknowledgment of their gift.
began. pigbs |, The hearing will be continued this
; When arrested oO Neill was up to his afternoon, when Dr, Philip Newton, Miss
Sant a eh aa Se getting pl een Elsa Maxwell and others will be ex-
ton of the fAttieth anniversary of the amined. This afternoon also EL J.
Hutson, who collected a large sum of

 

 

 

 

peuey ey Serene N: vs He | was money for the dependents of Col, Regi-
bre t to this eity and taken to Police ‘ ‘ ; ate .
Headquarters pending his arraignment | Mald Woster’s Twelfth Regiment, will
to-day before Judge Crain in General | meet Col. Foster at the District Attor-
Sessions, ney s office and hand over to the Colonel
The first specifie Indictment charges) more than $5,000 which Hutson retained
O'Neill with ting a check for $50) as a commission for his work in collect-

 

from John M. Steele of 120 Broadway,

| ing the, fund, but later decided to give
made out to Mrs. J. R. Howlett i

over to the fund.
Brooklyn, who is the wife of Col. How-

lett of Brooklyn's Fourteenth
Mr,

AMERICAN SAVED BY U-BOAT.

Albert de Mello of the Jacob Jones

Infantry.
Steele had given the check on the
supposition that it was to go to the de-
@endents’ fund of the Fourteenth intane |
It is chatged that Mrs. Howlett's |
indorsement was forg>d to the check}
cashed by O'Neill, |

German Prisoner.

New Brororp. Mass., Dec, 27.—Albert
de Mello of this city, who was reported
among the missing when the destroyer

 

Name of Sergennt Forged,

 

  

       
  

|
Another indictment charges that! Jacov Jones was sunk by a German
ONeill got a second check from Mr. | submarine. was p.cked up by the U-boat,
Steele made out to Sergt. Harry Har-] Antonio V. de Melo, father of the
rs of the Ninth Coast’ Defence Come] sailor, reesived the following telegram
nand, aml that the name of the serweant| from the Sureau of navigation at Wash-
Was forge! and the check then cashed | ington to-day:
by OY Neill under cumstances similar “Bureau just learned through = the
to the cashing of the first ¢ k. Tha] medinm of the Red Cross that the en-
detectives say tiat sor ime ago) Hsted man from the Jacot’ Jonas taken
ONedl was arrested because of a mixup} on board the German submarine and

  

  
 

 
  
 

huide prisoner y
Melo, seaman. se

Cuban

ued. |

a wealthy
Astor had is.

; rour son, Albert de
nd class. He has prob-

over a check

staying at the He

 

    

 
   

A young vice-pr Jent of the Ameri-| ably been taken to one of the prison
can Ambulance in Ru William H./ camps in German nd it is quite proba-
Hamilton, 24 years old, was examined) ble that more detailed information as
it length during the day by Assistant) to his location would be secured later.
District Attorney Edwin P. Kilroe in re-; The bureau congratulates you on the

good news that your son is alive.
“S.C. PALMER.”

knowledge of arrangements |
of funds for the war)

gard to his

fir the collecting

harity,
Hamilton

STORROW SEIZES COAL.

is now a student in th avia-
tion trai g camp at San Antonio, Tex. |
On application ef District Attorney;
Swann he obtained a ten day leave of)
absence to come here to help along the
tigation. He had no private source
neome, Mr. Hamilton testified yester-,
and had worked for the Ambulance |

 

 

Fuel Head Commandeers

 

Three (nriloads.

  
  

special Despatch to Tag Sux
Boston, Tec.

ot

 

 
  

 
  
      

    

   

  

   

 

     

 

< 4 /
entirely without compensation, the work | James J. Riche, nea we nee
he had done including a lengthy tp to) cog ce of coal when he commandeered
Russia that began about a 2R0. three carloads in New Yorky New Haven
Prom time to time Hamulton Fish, Jr. { and Hartford Railroad freight yards tn
Sa Mr. Hamilt had as treasurer Of) cain 4 ‘The fuel will be used to
the organization advanced him sums | paring, shortage in that distriet. The
to varry on the work intrusted to him.) coq wwiit be sold to consumers in half
The ambutan society, said Hamilton ton tote ‘
had enterca into a contract with Mortor J Frank () Hare, member of the Mog-
! rer under which Palmer in-return for) ion uel Committee, prompted the
taking out what the witness descrived gaigure after personally investigating
as a ‘road show’ in the fnterest of the many homes where he found that sev-
war charity, was to get per cent. Of ora) families had been without coal for
the receipts frou the movt War UakS) more than a week. Others had been
and other parts of the prograsnme. ‘I gettog along with a twenty-five pound
vontruet was later hanged so ¢t yee a week :
o

    

1826 Grecley 1900

Lord & Taylor

8th Street FIFTH AVENUE 39th Street

D> DCSE ED SED ED GD GD. GD 6 GP GP Gn aD ap ap. ap am: oem aap cam

Every Patriotic Home on New Year’s Day i

aw

 

Should Show the

U. S. Flag

Begin the New Year with a telling declaration
of patriotism.
It takes more than men and money to win this war.
It’s the spirit of the people behind the men and money
that counts.
Let the evidence of your patriotism be emphasized by
the flag that so eloquently certifies:
“Here dwells a Patriot that has confi-
dence in our country and our cause.”

In buying flags pay just a little moreget a
good flag--and you will not have to buy one
every time you want to use a flag.

We arranged to have flags woven, dyed and made
especially to our order; flags that will stand the test of
rain, wind and sun; flags you can put in the tub and
wash and that wil! come out like news flags vou ean
put in every-day service because the quality is enduring.

The Lord & Taylor quality of U. S. Flags
at Special Prices

Gize A DY B06) ices ccs ic cesar
Size 4 by 6ft............
ORO OE Be is ids sa 0ds0 snes ane
Size 6 by 10 ft..............
Size 8 by 12 ft SIUC Sean Urn,

Vail Orders Promptly Filled

Foust

$6.95
» 8.95
10,95
17,95
-+ 29,95

  

}eloor,

ee eee ee i ow om o@ ee ot oem oo oe == =m oe om om oc om om GEA Oh. 1S o>. om. Gv 2D. a aD Pe

o_O Ga 0 Ga Oa Sa Ga 0010S 0 S000 0 00 SO 0

oo ae. >. oe ee ee ee esas anven an ee. ae 4 Oe Cea a ee ae a ae

PP AP > AP > SP > AP > CP > > < =P aD em a ap: an
‘

—— U0 0 SS
6

~~