{

 

ey

|

ST ee

saa

 

 

   

0ODS TELLS HOW
HE MADE COPS OVER

 

Commissioner's. Last Report Is
Survey of Remarkable
Achievements.

NOW RESPECTED

 

POLICKH

Innovations Have Decreased |
Murders and Accidents and
Increased Efficiency.

 

 

As a sort of formal hail and farewell
to Mayor and public alike, Arthur,
Woods, who ts about to retire as head!

of the Police Department,
formal accounting of his
three and three-quarters 3

yesterday
stewardship of

gave

ars in a
port that is lengthy and complete, Com-}
missioner Woods's humble protest as to’
its incompleteness to the contrary, |
IMiven a hasty running over of the 100}

'

@nd more large pages of type
the reader with the many and remark-
ably fine attempts, all of them meeting
with uniform suecess, witch have been |
made during the regime of “the best
Police Commissioner’ to inprove the
police force pot only fn matters of tech-
nique and general police efficiency but |
iso in the matter of morals and morale, |
living conditions, economics, — s0uF ially,
mental and physical betterment, public)
safety and In uncounted other ways, the]
entire work combining, as Commisstoner
Woods puts it in his letter to the Mayor
at the beginning of the report, “to make
the police force of greater service to the |

impresses |

 

 

e and to try to make the city not
merely safer but © more wholesome and
a happier place to live in

Pat, Old Time Cop [Is No More.

The old time stout waist Mite
Goubtless will be shakeu wil sarcastic
mirth if his eve chances to ineet chapters
devoted to the Commissioner's ney psy-
chopathic laboratoty at Headquarters and
other innovations listed under names!
that the old time copper very likely |
would have a hard time trying even to;
pronounce \

ut the answer seems to be that the
ole time cop of ungainly girth has had |
lose a lot of his waist line or get out in)
recent years, that the trim built cop of
to-day “whose brain as well as muscles
's taught to ao gymnastics night get on
the job, And a concrete answer as to
the value of the Woods innovations
found on pages of the report whieh show |
that, despite the abnormal conditions |
which a national eruption

cop's

 

is

forced upon
the police, the number of murder _ for!
instance, in the gree city was 265 in

 

   

 

 

 

1918, 244 in 1914, ° in 1915 and only}
1S6 last year oe |

When Commissioner Woods took |
command of the force the gangster gun: ,
men, known various!y by the names of |
their particular leaders or the loeality |
in which they terrerized—the Dopey |
Renny, Joe the Greaser, Punk Madden, !
Jack Siroceo, Gwnie Madden, Hudson |
Dusters, Little Doffie, the Pansy Gang, |

 

Jew Murphy. Skush Thomas, Pearl But-
ton, Slaughter House, Freg Hollows and
al! the rest of the gangs—had vo little
respect for the police power tuat they
even dictated, more or less successfully, |
just where a policeman could go
On a car barn wall at Ninety-seventa
street near Seventh avenue, to give an
instance, they showed their contempt for
the copper by placing a sign, just before
Mayor Mitchel entered office, that read: |
“No Policemen Allowed Below This}
Line.” The Commissioner's report, in|
that part of it which has to do with the;
wiping out of gangs and the stoppage of
unbearable blackmail with which small:
merchants on the East Side had had to |
put up with foréyears, treats of this item +
in a short sentence that is sweetly ia
'

'

 

'
;

vinct.
“There is no longer a deadline for the
police,’ Mr. Woods casually remarks,

Praises Mayor for Sapport.

“T wish to aay,’ Commissioner Woods |
writes the Mayor in the brief letter with
which the published report begins, “that
whatever success has attended the police |
administration would not have been pos-!
sible without your unfailing understand. |
fng and support. Police conditions in
New York are of such a character that |
a Police Commissioner cannot be
cessful unles# he is master of his job. |
and unless at the time he has no doubt |
as to the backing and confidenve of the }
Mayor,"—a backing he concludes, |
which he has always” received = so
uniformly from the Mitchel ae

 
  

Suce

tion that the retiring Commissioner tells
the retiring Mayor as a last line of his
hail and farewell letter: “It has been a
satisfaction and a privilege to work in
your administration.” !
The first personal pronoun is absent
from Commissioner Woods's report; he
gives his time merely to a detailed re-
cital of the work done by the depart-
ment, “in perhaps rather new ways,”
during his stewardship, But if Arthur
Woods refrains from taking credit for
brfiiging the force to the highest state
of efficiency it has ever attained, Com-
missioner Woods's official report, |
merely through its bald listing of things |
successfully attempted, gives evidence
an every page that there is reason
enough for the oft quoted line whieh so
frequently is heard or read when Mr,
Woods's name comes up, “The best Police
Commissioner New York ever had,”

 

 

His OMce Open to Every Cop.

The first day that Mr. Woodg put his
legs under a Police Headquarters desk
Commissioner a& general order went
into effect also for the first time that!
henceforth that office was open for per-
sonal interviews to every cop from the
Chief Inspector down to the humblest!
rookie. “The door was cloged to people |
who came to ask things as favors for |
policemen, but it was open wide to polices |
men,"’ this being, in the mind of the new |
Commissioner, a “first essential in the;
work of keeping politics out of the
police.”

Under Commissioner Woods's adminis:
tration the weekly meetings of the Com-
missioner and his inspectors were begun.
An urge to ambition was given by the
{nstitution of proper rewards for work
well done. The matter of police pay,
long neglected, was takon up and the
pay envelopes of officers and men grew
fatter, as the tabulated figures in the re-
port issued yesterday show. The “Merit
and Demerit Schedules” were adopted.

Systematic revolver practice was be-
gun and target records were given recog-
nition when it came to promotion, Pub-
lication of the Police Bulletin was begun.
Vhe health of the cop for the first time
veceived i ‘olligent consideration, J1is
living quarters were improved, A pro-
bationary system took the place of the
old) fine or imprisonment, the repert
shows further, thus wiping out a eruel!
system of police -punishment, which
usually eaused the policeman's wife or
children to suffer Instead of punishing
only the delinquent, and bald figures
@how that there has been, as a resuit, a
steady decrease in the number of cam-
plaints against the cops and as steady
an inertase In the quality of police disei-
pline

There was a change for the better in
police pensions, A volunteer choral go-
clety was formed, A training school was
nerfected, which is unequalled in resulta

ns

 

in any pollee department in the world,
arly) wat year arrangements were com
pleted whereby tt

 

e copper began'to take

he sy ,
up the study of criminal law at Colum-

 

 

{ Programine,

°

 

 

 

Dia law school, The “stool pigeon” wes
Knocked off his stool—for all tine, It is
to be hoped.
‘ ‘Toe Bureau of Lost Property was ine
stituted, There were needed changes in
court procedure as it affected the cops
efficiency, A bureau to deal with miss-
ing personas wae perfected to the point
that whereas before the Missing Persons
Bureau was instituted by Commissioner
Woods about 80 per cent. of persons
renorted missing were found, now #2 per
cent, ave returned to their relatives,

A campaign to lessen street accidents
was begun, and the secidents began
to decrease, Street trafic was tackled

toroughtfully for the first time, Definite
procedure for the handling of come
Waints began to take form, Expendi-

tures for police service-——again bald fg-
ures prove it-——decreaseds

The hounding of convicts liberated
fiom Sing Sing after doing time, was
absolutely abolished, and the Commis-
sioner instituted the practice instead of
welcoming the convicts to headquarters
and then using the equipment
office to find jobs for them and in many
wave helping them on toward the
Straight and narrow again, ¢

A speeial narcotic squad was formed
to fight the drug evil, The Junior Pos
lice was begun with two small boy mem-
bers; now it numbers more than 6,000
strong, The mighty Christmas merry niak-

 
 

ing in police station houses for the
children of the poor got under way,
and the little folk were thus brought

te look upon law, impersonated by the
bluecoat, as not so very terrible a thing
after all.

The war work which the force had
to take up when Uncle Sam knocked
the chin Off Wilhelm’s shovider was and
ix so diversified that merely to list the pos
Hoe preparedness activities, refugee camp
root posts, emergency Work, ma-

  

w

Th,

 

   

 

 

of hist

COLUMBIA TRUSTEES
ASSAILED BY BEARD

Declares Faculty Terrorized by.
Reacfionary and Vision-
less Board.

 

us DR.

Bull Moose Men Not Wanted
—tLiberal or Progressive
| ‘Ideas Banned.

aioli |
1
Prof. Charles Austin Beard, "ho =
'
|
|
|

 

BUTLER |

 

CRITICL

the chair of polities in Columbia Univer-
tatty until Getover 8, 1917, when he sent
a letter of resignation to President But-
ler charging that the faculiy was ter-
rorized by a “reactionary and vistonless
board of trustees.” renewed the attack
eve more bitterly yesterday with fresh
accusations that he publishes in the cur-
rent issue of the New Republic.

Dr
the  contreling
| amazed

 

 

Beard’s original complaints against
board of Columbia
educational world and

j created a thirty days sensation. His sup-

the

 

 

 

chine gun practice, rifle practice and |Plementary indictmenta are even more
kindred warl matters eats up ovout a | sensational. He says in substance :
dozen Vig pages of type. {| F that William D, Guthrie, a noted |

Police Wives Kaltting Their Bite

Atl the Connnissioner’s report does

hot fad to record in detail the war work

being done by “the wives, mothers, sis-
ters and daughters of policemen,” an
army of women 2,000 strong, who day
ond night plying their needles so
that the soldier and sailor may keep
warm And finally, the cop
found time, despite his many new duties
toward self-advancement, to harken to
the Commissioner's call to help out the
Government in a financial way, even
though, us tue Cominissioner points out,
“policemen’s salaries are not large.”
But of the first Liberty
missioner Woods pauses
proudly before putting on

 

 

 

Lean, Com-
to
his hat

remark
and

coa. to make regretful exit, small sale
ated cops with large numbers of off-
spring to be clothed and fed, bought

$804,500 worth ef bonds and $755,250

of the second Liberty Loan issue,

WOODEN SHIP PLAN
SCORED BY BOWLES

Admiral Tells Committee Bee nant

Is Man Who Killed Den-
mane@chene.

syecal Desnateh to Tie
WASHINGTON, Dec, 27
al FL. A. Ss, expert
ig Board, ta y told the
on the Senate, in-
work of the beard, that

Sis
--Former Tear

of

Com-

Admi

 

sow!

  

 

Commerce of
Vestigating the
he was willing to conte i responsibility
for the
He

Denman scheme as a “tlivwer.”

‘killing’ Denman wooden ship

condenined the entire

 

with the plaeing of

ship contracts, and in making this state-

any of the
ment said:
“T

myself, and

make this statemenr in justice to
for that reason I think }
to be permitted to make it.”

Ninety per cent the

tures in trying to build the wooden teet

ought

total expendi-

would be utilized in the steel ship
gramme, He said he nad hell up
foustruction of 400 wooden vessels while
he made changes in the specifications for
their engines and boilers, Contracts for
these ships were prepared for transinis-
sion when he joined the Shipping Board
The changes put back the work about
six months, perhaps longer, but
more than worth the delay in increased
efficiency, he testified,

pros

Saye Plan Saved Time.

Admiral Bowles expressed great confl-
dence in the fabricated ship as the great

inspiration of the Shipping Board's pro- |

gramme. Less time in construction and
greater efficiency were results of the
plan, he insisted, but he intimated that
the plans for speeding up coustruction
ultimately might involve the
deering of the steel industry.

Admiral Bowles said the wooden con-}

structure venture was a mistake and
never should have been attempted. The
programme cannot be completed on time,
he told the committee, because the coun-
try cannot furnish enough ship timber,
the 458 awarded contracts’ calling for
more lumber than is represented in the
entire output of southern pine produced
for a year. Most of them were placed
in the F
timbers,

 

 

    

  

ply had been plentiful, wooden ships
couldg not have been built as fast aa
steel.”

Think Profits Too Great.

Members of the committee
keen interest in the terms of fabricated
steel ship contracts and indicated that
they thought too high a profit was al-
lowed the builders,

Three steel ships of 28,000 tons carry-
ing capacity have been launched, Ad-
miral Bowles told the committee, since

Saturday. One went into the water at
New York, one at Seattle and one at
Camden, Nd.

Questions brought from
Rowles that the American International
Corporation at Cainden, N. J...) will
protit $6,000,000 on the construction of
120 steel vessels, The Government fur-
nishes all the capital and pays all the
bills. Asked what the corporation fur-
nishg@@d Admiral Bowles replied: °

“They put up the ‘know how’ and the
organization,”

If it becomes advisable for the Gov-
ernment to bulld and operate ships after
the war the jnvestment in the fabricat-
ing yards, Admiral Bowles said, will be®
found to have been a profitable over-
ture for the Government,

HOW U. 8. MARINE GROWS.
Increase ef 1,800,000 Tons in

Clearances for 10 Montha of Year.

Wastinuton, Dec, 27.-—Clearances of
American merchantmen from this coune
try in the overseas trade increased more

Admiral

  

than 1,500,000 tons during the ten
months of 1917, as compared with the
same period last year, figures issued
to-day by the bureau of foreign and
domestic commerce show,

There wes a decrea@e, however, in
total clearances, the. figures being 48,-

 

 

GS86,787 for the ten months thls year, as
against 45,064,888 in the same period
the previous year,

'

|

 

btolerate liberal or progressive
| Seventh,

|
i
|
i

the |
|

He told |
the committee that he had nothing to d+!

wooden |

the!

were , eeu

comimane |

st and South and specify pine:

  

{

tugKles |
negotiation

 
  

lawy . Was appointed to the

professorship by backstairs

 

and because the trustess wanted no pete |
son of liberal views. |

Second, that he was cinjustifiably |
“rrilled” and criticised at a trustees meet- |
ing by Francis S. Bangs and Frederic f.
Coudert, who ordered him to notify his
associates to change their doctrines in}
teaching, specifically warning them
against teachings likely to inculcate dis-
respect for American institutions.

Third, that his associates in the po-
litical science faculty received the com-
mand “with a shout of derision.” asking
if Tammany Hall and the pork barrgl
were not American institutions |

 

; and trustees was only staved off by Dean
Woodbridge’s hint that the trustees h
{learned their leseon, and by
| Buller’s appeal for peace.
Fifth, that President Butler carried
j his antagonism to the Progressive party
}into scholastic affairs, und warned Dr.
Beard not to’ recommend a Bull Moose
adherent for a professorship
| Sixth,

Vresident

that President Butler Will snot
fdeas

that the trustees

' “doctrinal inquisitions” that

to below the Jevel

partment store or a factory.”

Wighth, that the trustees were minded
to go “after” President Butler bec use of
his pacifist associations and writings.

Ninth, that the trustees, with President
Butler, are taking advantage of a state
of war to drive from the university all

teaeners of liberal, progressive or uncon-
| vential views,

Teuth, thet no man get appoint-
ment or promotion as a professor in
lumbia unless he gets
| favor of certain trustees,

r Beard writes that he submits
j these new accusations for the purpose of
answering insinuations by certain au-
thorities of Columbia that he resigned
ina fil of unjustifiable petulance.

conduct

reduce the
of a de-

 

 

can

 

In advance ihe

  

of

Charges Political Antngonism.
; Fourth, that a conflict between faculty
|
|

Tells of Gathrie Appointment.

'
;
As regards the circumstances of the!
appointment of William 0. Guthrie, Dr {
Beard writes as follows: |
+ “My first real experiance with the |
j inney administration of the university |
jcame with the retirement of Prof, John |
(W. Burgess. For some time '
|withdrawal his work in Ame: |
j aticuti nal law had been carried by Prof |
and it was the desire of the meme j
'Lers of the faculty that the latter shoul |
ibe appointed Rusgles professor to BUGS |
| ced Mr. Burgess. But Mr. X. had pub-
lished a book in whieh he justified eriti-|
eis of the Supreme Court as a
tof ringing oui utional law
‘harmony with our changing social and |
feconomic life. tle was therefore ox.
luded from the Ruggles professorship. |
iit was given to Mr. W. 1. Guthrie, a
successful corporation lawyer and a!
partner of one of the trustees of the
university. It was understood that Mr,
{Guthrie should give one lecture a week
| for one semester each vear in return for
the high honor, Mr. Butler is constantly
saying that all matters re ng to ape
pointment, fitness and tenure are left to
the appropriate taculties, or words to this
effect. As a matter of plain fact. the!
faculty of political science as such was
not consulted in advance in the selection
of the Ruggles professor, The whole af- }
fair was settled by backstairs Nagotias|
, tion, and it was understood by all of us |
Who had any part in the business that no|
person with progressive or jiberal views
j would be acceptable, Myr. Guthrio was
‘duly appointed. Of his contributions te
learning T shall not speak, but T cau say
that he did not attend faculty meetings,
help in conducting doctors’ examinations |
or assume the burdens imposed upon!
other professors, This was the way in

before his

 

con-

pA.

means |

   
 

ee into}

 

  

 
 

 

 

 

'
“The wooden nrogramme.” said Ade | Whlen the Aret important Sse ES) the
x 2 {faculty of political selence waa Niled
miral Bowles, “was launched on a scale agier my connection with the instit ‘i
entirely beyond the country's production, |qons 7” nan |
Mills j the South have not delivered | Slacks !
‘lumber half as fast as was neces- ia *
sary and Western mills have been ab | Denier Attack . Flag. |
most as slow, Even if the timber sup-| The aggrieved professor gives no ace

‘count of his experience before the board |
; of trustees, when, pe says, he was “taken |
{unaware and stunned by the procedure.” |
| A few weeks before lrof. Beard deliv-|
ered his address before the community!
jcentres conference a speaker at one of |

   

jsaid: “To hell with the fag!’ In his
address Prof. Buard took the reasonable |
and moderate view; he writes in the)

 

 

schools to all speakers. The newspapers, |
he states, reporied his address accurately
with one exception, which accused hin |
of approving the sentiment of “To hell
; with the flag!’ This was brought to the
| attention of Vresident Butler, who saw,
Prof. Beard states, that the Professor
had heen the victim of a headline writer,
aud who urged the Professor to do @s
best to correct the wrong impression,
| Prof. Beard ther wrote to all of the
newspapers and sought to remove the
misunderstanding that had arisen.

He
continues with the gravamen of his
charge:

“Nevertheless 1 was summoned eters |
the committee on ecucation of the board!
of trustees, T complied because I wanted
to clear up any wrong impressions which
the members entertained concerning the
nature of my address before the com- |
munity centre conference. As goon aa!
the committee of the trustees opened the '
{@yuiry 1 speedily disposea of the ‘flag
incident’ by showing that I had sald
nothing that could be construed as in-
dorsing in any way the objectionable
language in question, No one doubted
my word, Indeed, I had available abun-
dant testimony from reliable men and
women who had heard the address. The
record was soon set straight.

Grilled by Condert,

“The inquiry as to the flag incident Be- |
ing at an end 1 prepared to leave the
room, when J was utterly astonished to
have Mr, Bangs and Mr, Coudert launch
into an inquisition into my views and
teachings. For half an hour IT was

‘

{ a
r

 

 

j sembly

| will preside.

New Republic that the intemperance of ebreakfast, filing past
one man should not result in closing the popoff came to the deputy warden he

‘gillied’ by these gentlemen, Dr, alee,

. a
, -* t

ao ees

 

 

 

—

and certain colleagues from the faculty
of political science who were. present
made no attempt to stop the proceedings.
Mr. Coudert, ‘who had once privately
commended my book on the Constitution
as ‘admirably well done’ and opening up
‘a moat fertile field,’ denounced my téach-
ings in vigorous language, in which he
was strongly seconded by Mr. Hangs.

“IT realize now that I ehould have re-
fused to remain in the room, but I w
taken unaware and stunned by the pro-
cedure, When the inquisitors satisfied
themaelves the chairman of the commit-
tee ordered me to warn all other men in
my department against teachings ‘likely
to inculcate disrespect for American in-
stitutions.’ I repeated my order to my
colleagues, who received {it with a shout |
of derision, one of them asking me
whether Tammany Hall and the pork |
barrel were not American institutione. I
veported to my colleagues in the faculty
of political science that I had been sub-
jected by the committee of the trustees
to ‘a general doctrinal inquisition,’ and
urged them at an informal meeting to es-
tablish a rule that a professor should be
examined in matters of opinion only by |
his peers, namely, men of standing in his |
profession. |

|

 

Batler’s Pacifiem Disapproved, |

Several caucuses of the faculty were |
held and it was generally agreed that
the proceedings of the trustees were
highly reprehensible. Action donbtless |
should have been taken by the faculty |
at the time if we had not been told by
Dean Woodbridge that ‘the trustces had

learned their lesson and that such an}
inquisition woul] never happen again,’ '
We were also informed that some of

the trustees Were ‘after’ President But- |
ler for his pacifist writings and affilia-
tions, and that if the faculty took a
firm stand in matters of doctrinal inqui-
sition an open conflict might ensue. In
a Jong conversation President Butler
urged me to drop the whole prable
business’ and go on about my work,

“Por the sake of ‘peace’ | consented.
1 could not forget, however, the cases of
Prof. Kendrick and Dr. Fraser, who had
been huled before the committee of the
trustees on the trivial charge that they
had criticised Plattsburg and military
discipline at a student meeting some
time early in 1916. Their cases I re-
garded as peculiarly open to objection
because they were not cven accused of
saying anything that was indecent
vulgar or unpatriotic. Nevertheless 1
dropped the whole imatter on the assure
ance that such an inquisition would not
happen again and that the ‘trustees had
learned their lesson.’ "

Thea the cases of Profs. Dana and
Cattell arose, these teachers being dis-
missed after the trustees had deoused
tnem of seditious conduct. Other in-
cidents suggesting that there were to be
more ‘inquieitions’ imoved Prof. Beard to
get out of the univer The professor

 

 

 

or

 

 

    

makes this biting comiment as to Presi-
dent Butter:
Alleges Favorttian,
we Butler cannot conceive fof oa

 

sclolar’s entertaining progressive 1 ©
Once in asking me to recommend an in-
streetor to @ neighboring college he dis-
tinctly pointed out that a man ef ‘Bull
Moose’ proclivities would not be i
able, It was the evident purpose of a
small group of the trustees (unhindered
if net aided, by Mr. Butler) to take ad-
vantage of the state of war t drive
ont or humiliate or terrorize every
who held progressive, liberal or unco
ventional views on political institutions
in n@ way connected with the war. The
institution was to be reduced below the

 

  

   
 

  

 

 

 

level of a department store ar face |
tory, and | therefore tendered m esige
nation, [rofessors in Columbia Univers

 

sity have been subje ted to } Vliating
dootrinal inquisitions by the trustees,
they have been expelled without notice |
or hearing and their appeintment and
promotion depend upon secure in ad-
vanee, the favor of eertain trustees.
Without favor scholarship wna
learning avall nothing.” ’

Praneis S&S. Bange heard the substance
of Prof, Beard'’s attack last night with |
obvious interest, but he refused ail come
meént.

 

 

  

sot

LAWYERS TO HEAR NOTABLES. |

Statesmen of World
to Address Bar Assoctation,
prose

pesterday, are

Prominence

Statesmen of international
nence, it Was announe ed
to attend the forty-first meeting, re
tion and banquet of the New York Staite
Association, to held in the

rooins of the Bar Assoc-ation, 42

. as-
Bar b

Forty-fourth street, on January

rial

West
11 and
Tie banquet, Which

evening of the se cond day, Will be at-
tended by Secretary Lansing. Aun-
bavxsadors of France, (reat Britain and
Japen, the Duke of Devonshire, the tiov-
erner-General of Canada and the Belgian
Minister. Speeches will be made vy
Ambassador Jusserand and the tiover-
nor-ieneral of Canada,

An eavening meeting and rec eption te
pe held at the Hote) Astor, on January
11, will be addressed by Sir Frederick
Edwin Smith, Attorney-General of Great
Britain. Another important part of
the general exercises will he a memorial
to Joseph H. Choate, which will be at- |
tended by ex-Chief Justices Cullen and
Parker, former Preniding = Justic es |
O'Brien and Ingraham, John G, Milburn |

ig to bo held ou the

the

 

 

and ex-Judge Clearwater, A committee
on resolutions will be composed of
George W. Wickersham, William) TD. |
Guthrie and Adelbert Moot, At all,
meetings and exercises Charles E

Hughes, president of the association, ;

 

DEPUTY WARDEN SLAIN.

Brock Killed by Inmate of
Atlanta Federal Prison,

Dr.

ATLANTA, Ga., Dec, 27.—Dr. James R.
Brock, Trenton, Ga.. deputy warden at
the Atlanta Wederal penitentiary, was
Killed to-day by Dimitre Popoff, a pris-
oner, who struck him down with an tron
bar. The only reason the convict would

 

displayed the school forums was alleged to have give for the attack was “it was @ per- |

sonal matter.” |

The tragedy occurred as the prisoners |
were leaving the dining room after
Dr. Brock. <As
raised a shert iron bar and brought it
down heavily on Brock'’s head, The Int-
ter dropped without «a sound and was
taken to the prison ‘hoapital, where he
died two hours later without regaining
CONSCIOUBNESS, a

Popoff, said to be an alien enemy, was
sentenced for five years for counterfelt-
ing from the Northern District of Onlo, |
He began serving his sentence last May.

Brock was generally well liked by the |
Federal prisoners,

Mias Vanderbilt Party Postponed.

The party Mra. Ocelrichs proposed
giving for her niece, Miss Muriel Van-
derbilt, to-morrow evening has been |
postponed.

   

 

eee nae eee

1%

PLEDGE OF

PERSONAL PROPERTY

THE PROVIDENT LOAN SOCIETY

OF NEW YORK

Applications for loans of large
amounts will be considered at
at Fourth Avenue

the office
and 25th Street.

THE. SUN, FRIDAY,

 

ithe direction of President’ Wilson after

jan agreement as to prices for the war

| Friday.

Per MONTH ON

DECEMBER 28, 1917.

_eaeenensecenntnees aes enasemens sepue cence stenes gems Hoe s-nseee

COLVER EXPLAINS
COAL CONDITION

fe

1,800 DENS OF VICE
CRUSHED BY WOODS

Rockefeller Bureau Reports
\ Public Opinion Aided.

The Bureau of Social

Railways and Producers Both gyi y

Hygiene, of
ohu PD, Rockefeller, Jn, ia chair-

to Blame Trade Expert man, notes a reduction of 853 per cent
: y : in the number of commercialized vice}
rells, Senators. resorts in this city within the last five

years, Is

 

This result the bureau
holda, to a determined public sentiment
operuting through the agency of an erti-
clent Police Department.
1 The record for the last year shows
that with continuons, high minded and co-
operative leadership in police administra-
tion, the Pollee Department can con-
solidate the gains previously made and
set new standards in safeguarding public
health, in establishing publi decency
and in protecting public morals.”

The bureau recalls tiat in
1912, commerpeialiged Vice was an organs

due,

CARS HELD UP AT MINES

 

Predicts Improvement Under
Federal Control—Hoover
on Stand To-day.

 

Special Despaich to Tur Ses.

 

WasHiInetos, Dee. 27.—Willam  B, | ized business of the most flagrant chars
da * ¢ : iA je. | Acter, and that the relations between
Colver of the Federal Trade Commis police and underworld were notorious.
sion was the only witness at to-day’s| at that date there were 1,851 vice resorts
brief session of the subcommittee of the; in active oneration, and pmene tater
3 ‘ { .; were 1412 “parlor houses.” The Iatter

‘ ‘tna 0
Senate Committee on Manufactures now type is practically extinct now. Other

 

investigating the coal and sugar short-
age. Jt was the Federal Trade Commis-
sion which fliret fixed coal prices under

vaftieties have been virtually wiped out
by public opinion and good police work,

Street conditions as regards commer-
cialized vice are so much improved,
bureau states, that the report for No-
vember 1, 117 notes 2.876 women of
; bad character in the streets where there
| were 8,111 counted in the report of 1912.
The report concludes:

 

Secretary of the Interior Lane and the

National Coal Association had effected

 

 

 

  

period, The Federal Trade Commis: | “New York city has become an un-

sion’s prices were almost $1.50 a ton) profitable field of operations for ex.

i 1 | ploiters of vice, many of whom have lost

under those fixed by the agreement be- thousands of dollars during the last four

tween Lane and the operators and raised | years trying to’ operate despite police

a protest from all quarters of coal pros | activity. Persons that have been in the
{business for twenty or more

ducing areas,

     

 

;clare ‘this reform movement i
“These prices,” Mr. Colver said, “were | ever!"
, based entirely scientific estimates of | et saanseenaitaonta
costs.” { .
The wituess denied that coal operators \ PNEUMONIA TOLL 73 IN DAY.

had influenced the fixing of prices subse-

  
      

quendy. This point was ef particular Record Number Deaths Largely |
Interest to the committee members in

; . s e.

view of the fact that conditions tn the | Due to Conl Shortng

eoal inarkets following upon the 7 e Seveniv-three deaths fro pneumonia

fixing eff
inission
President

rts of the Federal Trade ¢
and the proclamation by
had grown suddenly worse

ne | in the twenty-four hours ending at noon
the | yesterday re 1 unequalled for
five years summary issued by D

 

set a
The

   

  
    
  
 

   
 

with (he result that advances were al-leharles F. Bolduan of the Board of |
most immediately enforced at approxi- | qqtealth shows an increase in deaths
mately 45 cents a ion over the this canse during week, and
schedule, the department charged increase to

 

!
|
|
t from
!
i
!

  

+ Sin int 19) o ersons
Pats Blame on allways. lc et ad ea Ep ee Dd aed
Mr. Colver wag disposed to lay going out, and improper ventilation in
bulk of the blame for the present homes and places of enrplos
famine on the railways Ile expres 1 The summary by for the
the opinion that with the ratiways under ! twenty-four hour peris

   

 
 

 

 

      

      

 

 

   

 

      

 

            

  
 

        

  

 
   
   

Government supervision and direction as | Manhattan 1 atha,- ® to pmeu-
preclaimed by the President and bes om-! in, ¢
ing effective to-merrow would right the! Bre ti— Deaths, 108; due to pneu.
difficulties speedily and straighten out | mon@, 2. .
the situation to the satisfaction of the | The Bronx—Deaths, 24; due to pneu
publie monia, 14
Jhis winter's shortage, in the opinion | Queens—-Deaths 23: due to pn Is
of Mr. Volver, had been increased by | monia, §
the failure on the port of coal producers | Richinond—Deaths, S$: due t pie
} summer ty build up the r coal piles | nonta, 1
vy had used the coal cars, he said,4 The record frofp noon of la Satur-
for lings at the expense of great delay | day to noon of yesterday showed that
in suipment and serious depletion of | 1.121 ¢ ths had oecurred, of woieh 249
their surplu supply fo the winter | were due pneumoniy,. aL: is an
season | nerease of thirty-four pr onia deaths |
This habit cars with new | over thre eceding period cf the same
val ound bot to awaft the | duratior
production x at mining poin aused | ‘
serious dela; ably, The result of | Rruckner Sworn tn.
this poles, . Was that the travel-; . : 5 fe ji
4 i } rucknes, Presidentselect of |
ling dis coal Car a er ? 16 ‘ eterne
but twenty ies. This tabdit of .
using the for storage purposes was | by Ju Le nd oH
are of the subterfuges of the coal specu. | nH the Brom 1 Sapreme
lato The speculative elr . he said, | Cou i. M Bruck Iso fled
had been eliminated by the fuel Admin- | tifleate of eleetion with the City ¢
istrateon. } Joseph ‘I Calinhan, County Cl
!Jumes } Donnell ret Ha
Record of One Coal Car. i a Tuige, were
‘Tie witness gave the record of one :
oal ear from Rush Run Mines to Cleves
land, Obie, a distance of 126 mil First W

 

yas twenty-three dave

   
         

     

     

 

     

 

 

 

 

    

     

   
 

 

   

 

 

Me eleie1 A D Misa 1
he said. was als Y | Kaden, 20 vears old, was the first womar
of such industries ee the ed States to be vorn in fer
ected to it. The car in que lithe ratlwas gervi “ding
been twenty-three days ma iperintendent es. Robe
round trip of 262 miles Tn time | Mi Kaden wae appoit
it bs Laiour-and (oir aerwine, hef cxamlis
1 in regard to. | eae FL APEN STRATE ROE ne
Imoroved conditions which Federal regu- | 2") : me
lation of the uways will produce, Mr |
Colver gave as reaeon for anticl- j : E
pating improvement that “the laws fer-} as , ,
Hhidulingg nmocling were t insuperable | o eee
obetacle to the suceess of the railw 3)
m th S great emergen'y of war 1 t} KI
that governmental control will solve { ‘
thie trouble” '
Early last summer, Mr. Colvgr told the |
committee, the ters had contrac ] y
for S\ per cent he estimated output | |
for the year at prices higher than those | :
later fixed, Just before the prices were THE a i
was Violent bidding for coal} 7 re ‘ |
ted for lin many cases | | LAS i
t prices we paid. Then, he} CONOMY Aah
explained, (ie operators hiurried to de- | oe
liver this high prieed product, leaving ae

 

the contract coal, the bulk of deliveries,
until later. In consequence, le said, coal

 

  

usually shipped to the great lakes, New
England an! other sections ducing the
summer was not sent, and in the fall
when the operators turned to their con.
tracts, there were no facilities fur de-
livery

Coal Sold at O18 Prices,
Trices set by 1
the Commissioner restined but not nearly

 

 

so high as those in most contracts and}
much lower than for coal without con-
tract Existing contracts in most. in-
{stances have been allowed te
hence much coal ts being sold at
higher than those fixed by the Pres

he committee will take up
Qgain to-morrow morning, with )
Administrates Hoover testifying. The
statement which he tried to get before |
the committee last week already has}
been made public at the White Mouse,

but it is expected he will be questioned
during the day, Other sugar witnesses
muy be called for Saturday, but the
committee has no definite plans beyond

 

Orders were jssued to-day by the Fuel
Administration to insure a supply of coal)
for the Pere Marquette, Seaboard Ace
Line, Atlantic Coast Line and thp Nor-
folk and Southern railroads

FIRE IN GREENWICH VILLAGE.

Watches
Blaze in Mac

|
\

Colony Early Morning

 

ugal Alley.
Marly y number

regulars

 

sterday inorning, dust a
(jreenwich Village
thinking putting the ukelele
sleep, flre was discovered in the
story building at 15 Macdougal alley, ,
which is used by the Board of dddu- |
cation as a school for defective children, |
Mrs, Harry Payne Whitney has her!
studio two doors away, aid the nelghs |
bers include some of the best known
members of the colony, |
The artistic folk turned out to wateh !
the firemen work from the roofs of the
studios adjoining the sehool, The home
of True Art was saved and the alley
lost only a part of the school building

the
were }
tal

two}

oft
about

Motori
‘Mt vaporizes f

 

 

MANHATTAN
Fourth Avenue, cor. 23th Street.
Eldridge St., cor. Rivington St.
East St., cor. St.
Seventh Av., bet. 48th & 49th Sts.
Lexi Av., cor. 124th St.

St., cor. Clinton St.

E. 72d St., bet. Lexi & 3d Avs,
Eighth Av., cor. 127th St.

mileage,

Manufactured hy
TIDE WATER OI COMPANY

BRONX 11 Broadway, New York
Courtlandt Av., cor. 148th S:, Tel. Bowling Green 8000

BROOKL'
Smith St., cor. Liiegaton St,

Graham Av., cor. voise S,

November, |

 

LOOK FOR THIS SIGN

HENEVER you see this sign you can buy Tydol. The

New York where you will see it is increasing Haily.

 

fast. Works best on a mixture of 15 parts
air to | part fuel. Gives surprising results in power and
mileage. Yet Tydol costs no more than sluggish gasoline.

Ask your own garage man to apply for a Tydol
agency. Meanwhile look for the orange and black sign
when you want the gasoline that cuts down your fuel bill.

q io reduce friction and wear, use Veedol, the automobile lubricant that
resists heat, Reduces sediment by 80% and increases power and gasoline

 

!, which, as r us he could romember,
‘ADA amounted to $29,000, Ife had not heard,
| ‘he said, that corporations “wers making
. would be San excellent thing’ to print a

‘ i 1" . | list f campaign contribution efoye
Fire Commissioner ‘Totally ceoggy, SNP RN Sommeuttons: bes
' ‘

ene contributions,” as Mr. Kilroe pit
it
lenorant of Campaign

. Finances.

, nor had he heard that “eontributiony

 

were made in the pames of dummies
He belleved, said the Fire Commiss ones
‘in reply to another question, that 4

 

Misha Appelbaum Questioned,

A large part of the early questioniig
of Misha Appelbaum, whose publication,
the Humanitarian Magasine, boost |
Mayor Mitchel during the campaign jus
past, brought to light the facts that th
Himanitarian Magazine js Misha Appel.
baum, that the Humanitarian Cult also
is Misha Appelbaum, that the Humani-
| tarian Publishing Company is Misha Ap-

pelbaum-—that about everything Huns.
ftarian is Misha Appelbaum. Personally
Misha Appelbaum had financed his ning.
age, he testifled, a bit of literary activ.
ity which had caused Misha to sped
about, half a million dollars and leave
| Misha ea tas busted. The fusion con
: ». | mittee kad furnished Misha's magazine
Robert Adamson, Misha Appel | 5 eald, with $13,700 altogether, ail of
baum sind Jake Walz—-one time Tames | which had been tumediately deposited to
| manytte, but more recontiy a leader of | the agcount of the publicatio:
\

 

Misha Applebaum Tells of Re-
ceiving $13, 700—Jake
Walz on Grill Too,

 

 

 

There was a fusion of Fire Conmis-

sioner

 

 

 

the City Demoeracy—-yesterday when “Had T known the amount of money

: Pig ‘ the fusion people raised.” cancluded Hue
Assistant Wistrict Attorney Edwin Tl) manitarian Appelbaum, “and the way t
| Kilroe resumed his investigation of the} was squandered To would net only not

have supported Mr. Mitchel but 1 would

have attacked him on that very ground
Jake Walz's testimony had larirvely

do with a job of inspector, “or some

{innards of the Fusion organization's a
cent unsuccessful campaign to reelect
Mayor Mitchel, elect Mr, Adamson hint

 

thing
j sele and the rest of the Fusion ticket. like that,” in the Corporation Counsel’¢
| The patriotic iseue, upon which Mayor | Office whi wh was offered to him at i sal

ary of $2,400 a year. Jake resigned le.

Mitehel made his fight, “was totally out! pore he had been officiall agpointed He

 

of place,” Commissioner Adamson said,

   

 

  
 

had received $1,000 to spend during the
|when party principles of the recent came | campaign, said Jake, and he had spent
‘naign entered into the investigation | all that and $105 besides out of lis own
questioning, The Fire Commissioner pocket.
; added that he had opposed the ection | _ amnebubenie

of putriotie platform planks into
ampaign, but had been overruled
“As to the huge anrount obtained and

the

| POLICEWOMAN IS EXONERATED,

 

     

     

 

     
   

 
   

  
  

expended during the campaign.” said) Girl Repadintes Charges Againat
Commissioner Adamson, When asked for ve

. Ss .
his thoughts upon the financial end of Mra, Anna O'Shen
the camp n, “Ll think it was disgrace. Depats Sheriff Anna O'Shea waa
ful, Some legislative action should be geared yesterday by an Investigation
taken so that a limitation will be put : .
ey ee ; ‘eH expenditures,” I started by Distrie Attorney lL. P,
| “Can y give on y information, Davis of Westchester county into
Mr. Adanron Inq or Kilroe asked | charges which eded her removal
ithe Commissioner, who Wes candidate from Ossining’s ce foree made by
on the Fuston ticket for the office of "| +9 : ( ue

: ‘en-Vve x n reighto t

t ident of the Board of Aldermen, Bixteen year ae aan e reigh who
I“now the finances of the City Democ- ALS repudiates ¢ +? 7
ruey were raised, disbursed and in what The girl told the village trustees at
way thay were feed’ (i thocumpalan?” a hearing given Mrs. O'Shea just before
Wit) ' us nthe cumpé :

 

 

wihey yoted her out of the poli

departs

 

   

 

 
  
 

 

 

 

       

 

    

 

atit. 1H ‘ Ht Ate
Knows Nothing of Campaign Fund. Peorenie: Rice ena: the ue
“Lhave uo more knowledge about that Police Chief James W. To
than you hat Mr. Kilroe,’ the Wire! The girl says now the story was
| Commissioner answered, “i had poth- | Now the age board is to be asked to
Ying whatever to do with the expenditure | reverse itself and reappoint the police.
of the money: I don't know how it was | woman
lexpended, who received or for what | istrict Attorney Davis and Walter
urpose jt was received.” Ferris, is assistant, both examined the
\ quest and an-| Creighton girl adinitted she told
rs founding and de-, the trustees a false . but could ae.
the City Democracy fe sigh no rearon yw fabricating suck
ve the course of whieh Mr jous naeeusations The  prosecyto
id he didn't know anything | questioned on the theory tha nea
1 records of me of to make the atta '
St the ¥ De- a as « “e
. Kilroe put wien ba °
e Fire Commissioner about n'a { al
nel of City Democracy top here '
Also the Cont sioner never
that “whol promise

         

RUSSIAN VESSEL ARRIVES.

 

 

   

 

      

   

   

 

         

 

hod heen yade to these jeaders in se
the May were reelected These and
‘ ay of political filumination | Whe Owns Vessels Dnder Present
“ 1 Tammany et Attorney's Chnotic Conditions?
wuesistant used to on questions
sparkle were uews in toto to the Fire OMecers of Russian st 7
Commissione Kourshk. wl 1 ‘ \ e
‘Tf ere wna any of p < 4 ¢
have alwa: been par dere who the "OS ”
ja vesutt of my experience present chaolie conudicon of t
am and in publie office, i a The bus Iinapire “
Adamson said at one st had a large interes: the vesse }
tioning, “it is to take body seemed clea ute er
with 7 ee to th | present ownership ep s
{the tempting of orgar i“ be issued to her unt.l her ownership
ofte of Honey ndvancement ]. fis established, = said
There was nothing in t impaign that Among her nine Wae Vins
lo was ore feular about than to be for Sos Ke
sure that e d with the official Wa te
firar os ‘ ‘ove Orval > wit ra oe
hoth the Jaw and the - {| would $ ‘ me
solutely adhered to mi! lieved the follower f sik vere
und so fe ww | preparing to put him back i ower
that wa | Maleolm Mirnie and r wes
* ha m- {of the American Red ( \ e
" ee, Vv wla report to Washingto ‘ I ne
? ? \ ' 4] O84 iad, n Tiussia

 

of high-grade garages throughout greater

call Tydol “the new economy gasoline.”

LOOK FOR THE ORANGE ANDO BLACK SIGN
seanseieidheaiieanemenaeaaadanaimeaiaas

‘TYDOL

THE MEW a

 

Distributed by
PLATT & WASHBURN REFG. CO,
11 Broadway, New York

Jel, Douling Green BOU0

vere A Ya ont, Kesmovaite Bt | rh Economy Gasou AVE urn vay aaraey me yous ae |
a

         
  
   

~~ =

=--— = =— 2 &S = th

ose te tie ae eee

a ee aes, ae

——_