VOL. LXVIIL—NO. 56, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900. BY THE
BRIDEGROOM WAS ABOARD, | 'prsyese4uee tr om We Soueer BND) OP THE MINE STRIKE,| nF" Pemey wii cuow.
|

 

wks, PAUL MIACHONY'S FLIGHT
rrom A LINER IN MIDSTREAM,

 

Took Passage for Cherbourg to Elnde Mia-
chony—Big Brother-in-Law Lawyer ond
Constable Rescue Her With a Tug~ Mia-
chony Ferced to Land at Pier A-Ghe Goes
to Washbingten, Her Tranks to furepe,

Ordinarily when a bride of four monthe salle |

for Europe without her husband and he comes
down to the steamship to see her off there are
tears and caresses and last sad, sweet partings
that do not end until the liner slips her moor-
(ngs and makes for the open, But not so with
Mrs. Paul Miachony, until four months ago
the widow of Count Kiarmannas, Her new
husband went down to see her off on the Kaiser
Friedrich yesterday morning and tragedy im-
pended

Mrs. Miachony, !t appears, had tried to slip
off to Europe without her new husband's knowl
edges. She had a brother-in-law, a lawyer
and a constable to help her, but the husband
was too foxy. When the Kalser backed out
into the strearn from her Hoboken pier the
whe discovered that her husband was aboard.
Her sereams brought her retinue, which was
still on the pler to her assistance with a tug
nd ehe was taken off. The husband, not to

thwarted, Jumped aboard the tug also,

but he was dumped in New York, while his
sife was hurrted to Hoboken and thence to
lersey City, where she took a train to Washing-
ton accompanied by the brother-in-law. Her
buggage went to Rurope

The Miachonys were
Hackensack last June,
ing ther that ehe was the widow
of Count Kiarmannas. She said that her
maiden name was Cecile A. Phelps, that she
was born in Richmond, Va., and that her home
was in Trenton. During the summer she lived
n one of the Oranges and this fal] she moved
to a house in West End avenue. She is about
8) vears old and Is said to have money. Her
husband is an Italian whom she met in Paris,
What the trouble fa between them was not re
vealed yesterday. It is said he insists on her
supporting him. They have been having @
stormy time of itand fora month Mrs, Miachony
has been trying to get away from him. la

der to facilitate her departure yesterday
she retained the services of Justice of the Peace
George Seymour of Hoboken. She told him
that she had en@amed passage on the Kaiser
Friedrich and that she expected that her hus-
band might try to make trouble for her

To prevent this Seymour swore out a warrant
on Wednesday and yesterday morning at 8
o'clock went to the Hamburg-American pier
in Hoboken with Constable James Farre)! to be
ready for whatever might happen. The con-
stable and the lawyér looked the ship over and
found no husband. His name was not on the
passenger list where observed that Mrs
Miachony and her maid were registered as Mrs
Cecile Knight and Miss Knight, and assigned to
stateroom 121, an outside room on the upper
deck The ship was to sail at 10 o'clock, and

be

married in

the bride atat-

they

about 9:30 Mrs Miachony, her maid and a tall,
heavily built man cladin a gray sult, who said
he was Mrs Miachony’s brother-in-law, «ar-

Viachony was beautifully

She was extremely

ved at the pier. Mra
dressed in dark ol
nervous
“Ia everything
asked her lawyer.
“Oh, yes,” answered Seymour
band hasn't been seen at all,

thes

all right?” she anxiously

“Your hus

 

They all went aboard and sat inMrs. Mlacho-
py’s stateroom until the whistles began to
blow, and then the brother-in-law, the lawyer
and theconstablecongratulated Mra. Miachony
on her escape from her husband, bave her
bon voyage and went down to the pier, It's

@ good thing they followel the usual custom

 

   

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

     

   

 
 
 
 

     

| the widow of

 

 

 

“K-@da,” cooed the husband from the out-
side, with hia hand on his heart,d"me E-e-da.”

“Shut up!” roared the brother-in-law. “Don't
you say a word to her, you puppy. She's
tired of supporting vou She never wants
to see or hear a word from you. Get off the

boat!"
A stream of idiomatic French eacap
from Minchony. He put his hand aroun

to his hip

“Cheese it!” said Reymour
to shoot! Captain, put him off the boat
don't want him here ”

“Yea, pat in the captain, “Cilveme the $25,
or got off.”

The man shrugged his shoulders. The cap-
tain stormed, if, man was obdurate, All
he would say was “me E-e-da" with his eves
rolling and his hands tapping his head and his
heart. Van Pelt finally became angry and ran
alongside Pier A, He sent
and told tile dilemma, The policeman retus
to {uterfere

“Put him. off, anyway,” said Sevmour, “If
he don't get off we'll throw him off, We're
paving for this boat”

When the Tfallan e_w that it was a case of
walk off or be thrown off, he chose to walk
Ther left him telling his troubles to a crowd
ou the pier, while they made for Hoboker
From Hoboken Mrs. Miachony, the mald und
her brothersinslaw wart to Jereev City. br
trolley and took @ train to Washington, They
fret oahled Cherboura@ to have the bagaage
sent back to this country

Mre. Miachony met her hushand while travel-
ling in France they were to have been married
{n Paria, she told some of her friends in this
country, until she learned that under the reich
Jaw her husband would be entitled to certain
rights in her property. This she did not want,

We

 

ato they came to this country to be married
Mra. Minchony’s property is said to con-ist
of a plantation inthe South She is also said

to ban relative of the late Willlam Walter Phelps
one time Minister to Cermany

Police Justice Thomas H Cummings of
Hackensack «aid last night that the Miachony
marriage occurred in his Main atreet office
on June 20 The couple came into his office
unaceompanied The bride said that she was
the Count Kiirroannas and that
her maiden namehad been Cécilek Phelps She
anid that she was 2% years old, and was born in
chmond, Va The young man, who was very
nervous, could not speak Frnulish, and Reuben
M Hart, a lawyer with offices with Justice
Curnmings was called upon to act as iptere
preter

Through Mr Hart the voung man anid that
he was Paul Miachony, 26 vears old. a native of

    

Ttaly and unmarried. He gave Paris as hls
residence and blushed when the bride said that
he had come to this country expresely to be
married. Juation Cummings performed the

ceremony and the bridegroom wae so nervous
that he forgot to nse the heavy gold wedding

 

ring that he had provided. He drew it m
his pocket after the ceremony, and, with @
laugh placed it on the bride's finger
y rernember the wedding verv well,” sald
Justice Cummings last night ‘The yor s
| wornan waa dressed in a gray totlor-mode

of going to the end of the pier to wave a hand.
erchief farewell to the ceparting, because
ings soon began to happen. The bie
steamer was pulled out slowly by the litrle
tuga into the stream. Mrs. M.achony and the
maid stood leaning over the railing of the upper
deck. The brother-in-law, the lawyer and
the constable were on the end of the pler
(ro0d-byY, gF l-b thes kept caiing, and
Seymour, who was thir a ofa case he had
to try in court at lo ¢ , Devan to feel for
his wateh
Then, without warning, Mrs. Miachony be
wan toinduigeina fit
()-0-0-} )-« . She moaned over the
rail, slapping her forehead with one hand and
pointing up forward with the other
0 ()-0- 4 likewise moaned the
tid beginning to dance
Voutintne van gZoodnessiathe matter?"
ited Ss
1 tertous ther-in-law, who had
1 roted thesign of the fits, looked
i
e direction at which Mr
porting Phere. leaning also
t i= A Talk dark man, fashior
\ e { isimeht ot stache cover
2 sol vas curied back into a grin
I er isband declared t brother-
i 5 teroas with him He il. will
\ t ve {
\ ; ras acting though she ex-
¢ j ' rdered ninute She
bs d er t e niaid was
‘ imitation The husband,
id heg to make heartrendir
elodr gestures in the dire:tion of hia
wife, mur ring with great warnith the one
word ®@"Fd which presumably ts the Fren:b |
wa fs ne “Ida
What will we d again inquired the
brother-in-
tH t said Sevrmour, “and take her
ff
‘a0 ud d the brother law
The r tig ni Seve
mour 1s ach f ie Can
Wt ' } t na
off that boa “ldo ib
boat ‘ t ed good stil
sun, but it never feazed the brother-in-law
lle mped aboard, with the lawyer and the
nst e after hit The Kaisar Priedrich
was midstream with | nose pointed to t
ba Phe little t g put ont ifter her ane
t k her in a Sifts On the starboa
there was a baggage port still o;
Mia nv had seen the ¢t ‘ ne
surmised its purpose. She and her maid and
the ¢ ible husband were «tanding at the
the tug ran along side
. nt that rope ladder yelled Capt.
Van Pe
Some one obeved, because the Stevens often

brings out the Kaiser's clearance papers after
eaves the dock

eome aboard,” yelled Seymour to Mrs.

Miachonys

But my trunks, my trunks,” cried the woe

vour trunks: come on," shouted
law, and to make sure of the
hea ambering up the rope ladder
ers crew meanwhile did not kuow
inagon
Vas ist los?” they were bawling with much
t was incomprehensible

aid the brother-in-law

Climb down that

es, my things! What will I do
rated the woman
said the brother-in-law,

 

dy
© brothe t

what wns @

other German th
Go ahead

gained the deck

quiek, now
sutomy thir

as he
ladder,

forclothe reit
“huy some
“Now, @o
Gathering | Mrs) Miachony began
backing down ti ope ladder Minchonvy,
who had been ac Freneh dictionary to
the general ¢ ration in his excitement,
~d the bre ‘ h-iaw about the waist
brother-in-law,

while Mre. Miachony
their baggage on
wh the ladder onto the
The brother-in-law, who

ead

 

py ~Lrleked the
“Lemme loose
There was 4 seran tle
and her maid, leaving
board, serambled d
pilot house of the tug

all

ik abig man, succeeded suet then in freeing
nimgeeks from " hon He flung him aside
and saprang for the ladder hy the time bo
the deck, Miaehony wa Pp and once h 2 at
Push off" velled Sevinour to the tugboat
captain, but he wasn't ick enough |
own Onto the } ilot-he « deck drorvred the
nimble Italian, The tue ; ushed tale oe
the Huer, which then proceeded on her course.
"It will coset vou 825 ‘or me to take vou |
ashore,” was the first. thing that Miachony
heard when he pieked hirnself up after hitting
the deck 7s
All right,” he said in Fuelis |
Then he took his statior utsde the pilot
house, while his wi'e, the maid, the brother-ine |
law, the lawver, the constable and the tugboat
captain. were inside. Mrs. Misachony was |

having hysterics,
“My trunks, my trunks!’

she kept exclaiming,
“Never mind, never “oe claiming

mind” eoothed the

gown, arose colored waist covered with white

Joce and a gray het trimmed with white. All
her fingers were covered w th ctamond rings
She catd that thes ad come to .lersey {n ordor

that they might have a little romance put into
the wedding and heeged me to suppress the
niublleation of the certificate for at least ten
dave as she and her huahand intended to sal]
for Paris within that time and ther wanted to

 

surprise their friende by hetng ont of the
emuintry before the announcement waa n ade
Thev gave me a io fee. They seemed to be

verv happy art the time

DIVIDED SKIRTS BARRED,

 

Chicago's Norse Show Rejects Mra, Colegrove’s
Entry, as She Would Ride Astride.

Cricado, [ll., Oct. 26.—-Mra. H. P. Colegrove
will not ride at the Chieagwo Horse Show. The
management, in the person of Mortimer Lev-
ering, chairman of the Financial Committee,
has returned her entrance fees and she has
withérawa according to his request, the en-
tries of her tw rses from the four classes
in which their names appear In the printed cata-
logue of the show,

Mr. Levering's request was tnade, he save,
as scon as he learned that it was the intention
of Mrs. Colevrove to appear inthe arena wear-
{ng a divided skirt

Mrs. Colegrove is the originator of the dl-
vided skirt as applied to equestrian purposes,
She is a large, handsome brunette of the dash-
ing type and is an excellent horsewoman. She

as been a prominent figure at horse shows
n western cities, and rode at the Chicago show
of three years ago

 

  

  

Her horses are Jeff Renshaw and Duke,
Duke is a high scl animal and was entered
in three classes, e walk. trot and canter,

the lady's saddle horse contest and the com-

 

binatl saddle and harness. Jeff Renshaw
was in the gaited saddle horse entries, Mr
Levering says it was agreed that no woman
should ride astride in the ring Mra. Cole-
grove insisted she would not ride {n a side
saddie. The rejection of her entries was the
result

 

 

CLERGYMAN COMMITS SUICIDE,

The Rev. L. S. Brown of Liberty, N. ¥., Found
Dead in a Hotel in Delhi.

Oneonta, N. Y¥., Oct, 26.--The Rev, L. 8,

Brown, pastor of the Methodist Church at Lib-

one of the largest Sullivan

county, was found dead in a room in the Central

erty churches in

 

Hotel at Delhi this afternoor An erupty vial
of laidanum found in the room plainly indicates
a case of suicide, The Grand Jury of Delaware
eounty ia now in session, and it is stated that he
was in Detht interested tn their proceedings.
Certain notes formerly held by the Pirst Na-

tional Rank of Walton arein dispute, his enemics
alleging that he was guilty of forgery, while
he and his friends insisted that he had authority

 

to use the names aligned to the notes. This is
admitted, but it is asserted that conaent was
withdrawn, Coroner Craig of Daveuport wie
eimmoned and is investigating fhe Rev, Mr,
Brow) wae a native of Meredith, Delaware

inty, and owns a farm there, [te has been
ymietor of Maetiuodis: ¢ ree t Walton, Stame
f Land Roxou fi, Delaware county, and at
Hunter in Greene county, and was considered
Ai, eloquent preacher a vas weil liked. he
was Siyearsotage, Awifeandthree daughters
and several brothers survive His father

nged himself at Meredith about four years
aco, depressed by fina: l troubles

4 CONGRESS OF NFOROES,

 

 

    

 

   

800 In Convention From Alabama and Ten-
nessee -Farm Products a Feature,
Hesrsvintnte, Ala, Oct. 25 —-Eight hundred
negroes from all parts of Alabama and Ten-
neasee are holding their efghth annual congress
at the Agricultural and Mechanical College
for negrom, Not only is the negro himself
brought before ihe congre but his work
as well and exhibits of farni products are a
feature
President W. UH. Couneill called the congress
to order this morning 1 delivered his annual
address, in y ° 1
\s our footste; « diverwe from political
walks the I a indtstrial success id
tie «@ zenshir Tie nearo ll grow strong
and grow into rtion to
his contril ion to ‘lopment
and pot © itical t is Seen
at his tin the S fiere his Jabors are
re\arded as tr here else liere his indus
trial efforts are ehenshed and helped
I se hay riditions will be enlarged as
long tue white and black mat ill each
develop in lis aphere Any attempt to
jurace ourselves will prove fatal So in the
future let us Aas negroes nol go around erying
race prejudice, mut take advantage of such

gpportunities as present themselves and make

riends with the white people.’

LOCtLS MEET A

 

SCRANTON

The Miners Helieve That They Are Being
Plaved With

SCRANTON Va ve 25

all the local unc

No 1. extendi:

Barre met in th

mained in session until 6

the Presidenta of
rkers of District
irbondale to Wilkes-
iiternoon and re-
k when ad-

urday

ns of mine w

 

mw o'ele
yournr
Tt had been gis

ent was taken until next Sa

en out that the purpose of
the meeting v y consider proposals for the
settlement of the strike upon the basis of the
offer made by the operators The men ex-
pected that this was the aub ect to be brought
up. At the conclusion of the session. which

WARK seeret. the loeal Presi

jents averred that the

  
 

real purpose for which ther e together was
barely touched upon, owing to the absence of
information from Hazleton which the men had
expe ted There was considerable fening bee
cause of the absence of thix information and
several of the miners expressed themselves
pretty freely to the effect that ther were being

played witt

“The Banks and Braes o' Bonnie Doon,"

@s pictured by Burns, are insignificant beside the
beaities of the Alleghanics as seen fr
sylvania Limited. —Adr : alain

for a policeman |

 

| PResipeENT MITCHELL OFFICIALLY

“He's going |

DECLARES IT OFF,

The Men Will Go to Work on Monday, Except
in Those Colllertes Where Advance tn
Wages Has Not Reen Granted - Mitchell
ADDpeals to the Men to Sapport the Union,

HAcLetTon, Pa, Oct. 26 After a continuous
and all-day reasion of the national and district
oMcers of the United Mine Workers, President
Mitchel) at @ o'clock to-night gave out the
following statement, declaring the anthracite
miners’ strike off, exoept at those collieries
where the advance in wages notices have hot
been posted

“TEMPORALLY HRADQUARTERS, )
“UNITED MINE WORKERS OF AMERICA, >,
“HAZLETON, Oct 25, 1900, J)

“To the Minera and Mine Workers of the Anthra-

ottd Remon

“GENTLEMEN After carefully canvassing the
entire «trike situation, we, your officers, district
and national, have concluded that your victory
is. 80 nearly complete that no good end could be
served by continuing the strike longer The
contest has now been (un progress for thirty-nine
davs, and the companies employing you have,
with few exceptions, signified their willingness
to pav the acale of wages forinuluted by the
Scranton conventionof Oct 12and 12

“We are aware that
ind dissatisfaction have been caused by the
failure of the operators in districte 1 and 7
to separate the reduction in the price of powder
from the advance in wages but after careful
inquiry we are satisfied that mine eine
ployee will actually receive an advance of 10

enact

per cent. on the wages formerly paid In the
Sehuvikill and Lehigh regions the largest
companies have agreed that the sliding
seale = should be = suspended and that
wages should remain stationary at 10 per
cent. above the rate paid in September, until
April 1, 1901. thus removing one of the iniqui-

ties of which vou have complained for many
years, While it is true that vou have not se
cured redresa for all your wrongs, while it is
true that the increase in your earnings will
not fully compensate you for the ardiious work

| you are compelled to perform in the mines, you

, be correcte

have established a powerful organization
which, if maintained and conducted on busl-
ness principles, will enable you to regulate
tnany of vour local grievances and make your
employment less harardous and more profith
ab han before the strike hegan

"The companies in their notices agree to take
up with their mine employees all grievances
complained of. We would therefore advise
that wiogu work te resumed committees be
selected by the mine employees and that they
wait upon the superintendents of the com
panies and preseut their @rievances in an of
deriy, business-like niauner, and ask that they

 
 

  

  

 

 

 

 

Sir Robert Hart Does Not Think Foretgners
Can Stuy in China,

Spectal Cable Despatch to Ve SUN

Lonpon, Oct. 25.—The Fortnightly Review
publishes an article on China by Sir Robert
Hart, Director-General of the Chinese Impertal
Maritime Customs, It is chiefly interesting
because of the alarming opinions enunciated
regarding the future by an experlenoed ob-
server, who la probably more familiar with of-
ficia) China than any living foreigner. He
declares that the Boxer movement, although
oMicially tuspired, has taken hold of the popu-
lar Imagination and will spread throughout
the length and breadth of the country. He
pays it is purely a ‘patriotic volunteer move-

| ment,” and that the Boxer patriot of the future

some disappointment |

Your ention is respectfully called to
the fact at the laws of the State of Pennsvl-
vania provide that miners should be paid semi-
monthly upon demand We would therefure

| adv that each mine employee serve notice |
ol. the Companies that he expects to be paid
his wages twice monthly, as is provided by |
law

“The prictical benefits to the miners which
acerie ft mi thorough organization have been
so clearly demonstrated curing this strike

 

that it should be needless for us to urge upon

you the necessitv of tnaintaining your union
intact We trust, however, that those who
are now members of the union will be uncéase

ing in their efforts to induce all other mine
workers to ally themselves with the
Mine Workers of America at once, as it will
be impossible for vou to secure higher wages
ii, the future, or even to maintain the present
rate of wages, unless vou are prepared to offer
a united resistance if any attempt ie made
to reduce your earnings tpon the expiration
of the present offer.

As there are some few companies who have
neither posted notices nor signified, in any
other manner, eir willingness to pay the
10 per cent. advance in wages and suapend
the sliding scale, we should advise that unless
the men employed by such companies receive
notices before Monday that the advance will
be paid they remain away from the mines
and continue on strike until the companies
employing them agree to the conditions of-
fered by the other companies, and the em-
ployees of the compantes who have offered
the advance of 10 per cent, and abolished the
sliding 6¢ 7 are hereby authorized to resume
work on Monday morning, (et. 20, and to be
prepare f called upon, to contribute 4 reason-
able amount of earnings for the maintenance

 

 

 

 

  

of those who may be compelled to continue
on strike
“John Mitchell President. W B Wile

son, Secretary D. Nicholls, President

District N 1 John Dempsey, Secretary Dis-
trict No, 1, United Mine Workers of America

Fred Dil r, G W. Pureell, W. R. Fairly, |
Benjamin James, Thomas Duffy, President
District No. 7; Jobn P. Gallagher, Secretary

District No. 7, John Fahy, President District

No. @ George W. Hartlein, Secretary District
No. 9, National Executive Board U. M. W. of |
\ EF. C. Morris, Secretary Conference Corn,
mittee."*

President Mitchell subsequently had nothing
to add to the statement issued, other than it
would not he necessary for these companies
vhere the strike was continued to actually post
the notiers [ft would suffice for them to hotify
their employees that they would pay the same
scale of wages and make the same concessions
as the other companies who had posted the
notices to have the strike at thelr collleriea also
put ar endto

President Mitehell goes to Scranton to-mor-
row and will then nake a tour of the anthracite
» to make addresses at meetings of mine
\ The temporary headquarters at
Hazleton will be retained for the present. The
f illing the strike off orders 140,-

        

 

ral order
th. ant:

 

Ooo mer

on Monde

 

°0

y next, Oct

 

APPOINTS FIFTY SPECIAL POLICE,

Mayor of Witkes-Barre Calls Together a Com-
mittee of Safety.

racita region back to work |
| loca] authorities of Shensi that they would be

Wir krs-Barnr, Pa., Oct. 25.—Mayor Nichola
nd the police anthorities to-day decided to |
rm a Committee of Safety, composed of
young men, most of them lawyers and
profesional men. These were subpenaed
this afternoon and while many of them ob-

forced authority ther are com-
The town has been prawe
at the merey of the rioting strikers

‘ Monday. They have stopped work at
nll tu@ washeries, cut off the coal supply of the
eleetrie elit works and several factories, at-
1

jected to the er
pelled to respond
tically

nee

 

emprtedto wreek trains on the Central Railroad

New Jereev, burned a Lehigh and Wilkes-
Harre Coal Company tool house and fired on
recial pollee he whole police force and
reserves have been kept on duty and the fire

men ordered to respond to any call for help

 

Several of the firemen are members of the
Mine Workers Union and have resigned
rather than obey the order

The Mayor called together the fifty men

and made them special policemen

IMPORTING LABORERS,

 

Stave and Huns From New York Taken Into
the Lehigh Region.

WILBRS-Barne, Pa, Oct Some of the
i) operators are apparently bringing men
from New York city to take the places of strik-
ers who have left the region. For some daya
past special cars have been arriving at Drifion,
Eckley, and Upper Lehigh, in the Lehigh re-
gion, full of Slavs and fluns, with about five
orsix women in every car to do the cooking.
These men are disributed in houses in the three
towns, and while they ean tell nothing about
what In expected of them, the reason of their
arrival is clear to the atrikers. ‘The men say
they were put on the ears at New York and told
they were going to some place where they could
get work. More than that they do not know

Eckley and Upper Lehigh are chiefly occu.
pied by workers at the Coxe collieries, The
Coxes have not offered the 10 per cent. increase
and there is a rumor that they will attempt to
replace the strikers by the new men, but this
ix not believed by many

25

Conference of Coal Road Presidents.
President Truesdale of the Lackawanna and
Vice-President Sayre of the Lehigh Valley rail-
roads went to Philadelphia yeaterday to confer

will possess the best weapons money can buy
and then the “yellow peril” will youd
ignoring.

He refers to the prospective growth of this |
Chinese movement as threatening the worid’s |

be be

future, and says that 20,000,000 or more Boxers,
armed, drilled, disciplined and animated by
patriotic, if mistaken, motives, will make resi- |
dence in China impossible for foreigners. They

will take from the foreigners everything the

foreigners have taken from China, will
pay old grudges with interest ind
will carry the Chinese flag aud Chinese arms
futo many a place that even faney will not
sugwest to-day, thus preparing for fulure

upheavals and disasters. In fifty vears there
will be millions of armed Boxers at the call of

the Chinese Governinent There is not the
slightest doubt of that, and if the Chinese Gov-
ernment continues to exist it will encourage

and will be quite right to encourage, uphold
and develop this national Chinese movement
It bodes no good to the rest of the world, but
China will be acting within Its rights and will
carry through a national programme

Sir Robert fears that the remedies are out-
aide the range of practical politics, and looke
to the future full of foreboding Nothing but
partition under certain conditions or the mi-
raculous spread of Christianity can, in his
opinion, avert the peril, and he does not ser
how either can be achieved Fatling these,
the lawlessness of the present rising must be
oondoned and the Manchu dynasty supported
To this end it will be nade to ‘lose its face as
Httle as possible, but the trade in arnis will not
Oease, and our sons @nd grandsons will reap
the whirlwind

The article attracts much attention here

he Times and Standard regard Sir Robert's |
Judgment as warped by his long residence in |
China and by his sympathy with what can |
almost be called his adopted oouniry The |
Times rejoices that ‘here is not the slightest
reason to suppose that the Powers will be

frightened by the awfu] picture of a regenerate
China in the indefinite future from doing their
plain duty to the China of to-day

 

CAPTURE OF PAO-TINGe#T,

Gaselee Reports the Occnpation—Mis-
sionary Green and Family Rescaed,

Gen.

Speciai Cable Despaich to THE SUN

LONDON, Oot. %.--Gen. Gaselee, commanding
the Britieh troops in north China, telegraphs
from Pao-ting-fu, under date of (ct. 20, as
follows

The allied forces under my command arrived

yesterday British, (German, French and
Sean Guanis Gene fected ah the aaaee. Tie |
day al] the Generals with small escorts passed
through the town, after which they arranged
the allotment of quarters for oocupation. I
shall keep moet of the British troops in camp
for the present. I am waiting orders from |
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee regarding
their future disposition

Most of the inhabitants remain in the city. |
There are no signs of hostility. Supplies are |

procurable, but are not abundant

Mr a d Mrs Green, one child and Miss Green
are here after great suffering and many @-
capes from death. They were hanied over
to the French advance force on Oct. 16 and
were most kindly treated by Commandant
Drude They are in the French hospita! owing

to Mr. Green's il] health The ladies and child

seem Will
Lord Campbell reporta progress from

cen

Tientsin British troops passed through
Maochiao to Kao Yane Hsien on Oct, 18
Chinese imperial troops had destroyed the

former place

 

SHENSI MISSIONARIES PROTECTED

 

Fdict Warns Local Anthorities te
Prevent Disorders.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Imperial

Panis, Oct. 26--M. de Marcilly, the French
Consil at Alankow, telegraphs under date of |
Oot. 28 that, as soon as he learned that the

Empress Dowager was going from the Province
of Shansi through the Province of Shensi to
Singan-fu, he told Chang Chi Tung, the Viceroy
of Haakew, that it would be absolutely necessary
to protect the lives of the Itallan missionaries
in the Province of Shensi if the Chinese Govern-
ment wished to succeed in the negotiations with
the Powers, Chang Chi Tung consented to
{inform the Throne of this, and an Impertal
decree was Issued at his request warning the

 

held reeponsible for any disorders that might

ooeur. They were also ordered to execute
Immediately any Imperial soldiers guilty of
committing any acts of violence There are

atill sixte Italian missionaries in the Province
af Shens|, including a Bishop, pries!s and monka

The French Consul at Chefoo telegraphs
under date of Oct. 23 that the Governor of Shan-
tung has received an official telegram from

Tungkwan, a town in the Province of Shensi,
announcing the death of Kang Yi, the anti- |
foreign Prevident of the War Board, who was |
reported to have odfpnitted suicide about a
week ago.

 

TRYING TO SAVE PRINCE TUAN,

 

Prince Ching Throws All Blame on Chwang
and Tung Fa Hetang.
Special Cable Despatch to THF SUN

lonpon, Oct. 26.--The Pekin correspondent
of the Doily News in a letter datedSept. 6 gives
an interview had by him with Prince Ching,
from which it cau be deduced that the court is
willing to throw Prince Chwang and Gen,
Tung Fu Helane overboard, but desires, if pos
sible, to make Prince Chwang the sole scape-
goat.

Prinee Ching demurred to the correspond-
ent's criticisms of the Empresa Downger, who,
he declared, was misunderstood. He aleo ex-
cused Prince Tuan, saying that he really did
not sympathize with the Boxers, was ewept
away by an irresistible current, Te admitted
that Tung Fu Hsiang commanded all the troops
who attacked the legations and was the prime
mover in the attack

The Pekin correspondent of the Times, re-
ferring to the demand of France that Prince
Tuan and other exalted | ersonages be executed
as an essential condition of peace, saya that,

though general opinion in Pekin entirely ap-
roves a the demand, it is admitted that it well

yut

 

we AiMeult to punish seven personages who are
80 intimately connected with the Imperial court

ALLIES GOING TO TUL YANGTSE?

 

| Unoffictal Report That Von Waldersee Has Sent

with President Harris of the Reading and other |

coal road presidents with regard to a readjuet-
mentof freight rates charged against the indl-
vidual mine o;erators In view of the prospec-
tive {norease in the cost of mining coal. the indl-
vidual operators demand an increased price for
their product at tidewater of about 6 per cent.

Out Notice to the Viceroys. |

Spectal Cadle Despatch to THE Sus |

Breaux, Oct. 25—The Shanghai correspond- |
ent of the Lokalanzciger says it is unofficially

reported from Chinese sources that Field Mar-
ghal Count von Waldersee has notified Liu

Kun Yi, Viceroy of Klangs!, Kiangsu and An- |

huei provinces, that 10,000 allied troops will
be sent to Nankin and 40,000 more to various
Yangtee porta. Their mission, he said, was
peaceful, and the inhabitants need not
alarmed

' forthe a

| the recent outrages

BRYAN AIDS AGUINALDO,

HIS TALK THE CAUSE OF RENEWED
REBEL OUTBREAKS,

Striking Testimony as to the Effect of His
Treasonable Utterances Given by Dean ©,
Worcester-Some of Agutnaldo's
ers Resorting to Wholesale Assassination,
ANN ARBOR, Mioh., Oct 25. —Dean C. Worces-

ter of the Phillppine Commission has written

a letter to friends at the University of Michi-
wan which has Just been made public The

Follow-

' Copimissioner has this to say as to the effect

Bryan's anti-imnperialistic campalen is having
upon Aguinaldo and the Philippine Insurrec-
tion:

‘Conditions were unproving here very rapidly

Wit.

SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING

 

up to the time Bryan Was nominated and began |

to talk in public, The result of the announce-
ment of his policy in regard to the Philippines
wae to pul a slop lo the important furrenders
which were steadily belug made under
tertmas of the amnesty and bring about renewed

 

the;

—— gee eerren = +

ASSOCIATION.

Cloudy to-day; falr and warmer to-morrowa

er D

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

INSURGENT GENERAL GOT AWAY, | ROOSEVELT HERE TO-NIGHT,

Expedition te the East Coast Captured &
| Town andan Isiand, but Didn't Catch Callles.
Speelad Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Manna, Oct. 26. Gen, Hall with 700 men of
the Second, kighth and Thirty-sevent) regiments
and the Macabebe svoouts has returned after
spending twenty-one days mountains
between Navitae and Binangonan, Province of
Infanta, east coast, in pursult of the insurgent
General Caillas, who escaped to the south, Gen
Hall reports that he found the country deserted
except by farmers and fishermen

4 detachment of 266 inen
proposed to prevent Cailles's fight northward,
embarked on the transport Garrone and awa ted
off Binangovan the arrival of the troops who
were marching overland for that place. The
troops received a hearty welcotmne from
Inhabitants of Binangonan, and two companies

}
in the

with whom it was

the

under Capt. Fremont of the Second Regiment
etabisihed a garrisou there
Gien Hall then reconnoitred the Island of

Pollo, east of Luzon. The transport on which

the reconnoissance Was mude grounded twice
on the reefs surrounding the island, but was
hanled off by the gunboat Yorktown. Gen

Hall found an ungarrisoned insurgent village
The tnhahitants willlualy surrendered to the

Americans, who were cheered, The expedi-
tion then returned to Manila on the Carrone
During Gen Hall's operations one soldier

and eighteen Chinese bearers died of exhats-

tion

Che transport Thomas has arrived here with
one battalion of the Fighth Infantry, one bat- ,
talion of the Fifth Infantry and 800 recriuite

Comba

STRIKERS (N BATTLE WITH MILITIA,

under (ren

Rioctous Laborers at Valleyfield Attack Troops
Sent from Montreal-Some Wounded.
PREAL, Quebee, Oct, 26 As a result ofa
strike at the Montreal Cotton Company's milla at
Vallevfield, Quebee, about forty-five miles from
this city, there is serious rioting there to-night.
The company is b new mill and the
laborers emploved on work of construc
tlon demanded an increase of wages from $1 to
$125 a day The company refused to grant
the demand beeause the mon accompanied ft
with threats of violence The men then went

wl

Iding

the

| out and by cutting off the supply of coal they

hostilities through the worst districts here in
Laivon We know absolutely from cap-
tured rrespondence that thi des perate
aitert keep ip a show of  resis-
tance ‘ being mak | it the
hope of influencing the election at home, and
important Insurgent leaders, like San Dico, say
that tiniess Brvan is elected or the warin China
draws troopa from th se islands they will give
up their useless efforts in November T there-
fore do not look for any general lmprovement
in the situation until after the Presidential
election, but with that out of the way | expect
to see a speedy change for the better

At present the in-urgents are resorting to
that last res eof a failing cause, wholesale
SsAS<i0 n They are putting prices on the
heads of men known to be friendly to the Aner.
ican and are resorting to the most flendish
tortures and tnutilations in order to influence
the common people by fear A let-
ter was captured a few weeks since
from amansenut in to organize insurgent “com-
mittees in four or five towns where
we have established municipal government,
tle stated that he had found it impossible for
him to carry out his mission, as the people |
had unfortunately been seduced by the Amerl-
eans and said that he could do nothing until

ir or five lives had heen taken in each of
these towns, [ saw a surveon a few days
since Ww had just dressed the wounds of
four natives whose tongues had been cut out
for refusing to join in a night attack on one
of our garrisons

DECREE AGAINST JUSLICE HASCALL

In Favor of Virginia K. Hascall Entered tna
Secretly Conducted Case.

A decree, the nature of which was kept secret,
was signed by Justice Bischolf of the Suprema
Court yesterday against Justioe Theodore F.
Hascall of the City Court and Treasurer of the
Democratic Club and in favor of Virginia K
Hascall Along with the papers in the case
went a memorandum of Justice Bischoff for
sealing, but just what was to be sealed in ao-
cordance with the court's order, as well as ab
all the other papers in the case, are at
ip in mystery. What ts

most
present swallowed
known as the
of the decree, pleadings and the evidence and
exhibite in such a case, has not been entered up
yet. When it is entered up and filed away
among the records it will be probably with
everything sealed but the decree, although, con-
trare to the law, it has ippened
that the decree and all have been sealed.
recy has characterized the conduct of the
The suit 6 last by
yn Justice Hascall of the summons
The papers were served on
Court House, $2 Chambers
MecNahoe, whols the attore
ney in the case for Mrs. Hascall. In anaffidavit

sometimes

sex
case Was bewun on Sept. 2
the service
and complaint

him at the (ity

atreet, by James F

of service presented on Sept. 28 last with an
order of reference Mr. McNahboe avers that he
is certain that he served the right man, because

he has known the defendant well for five years,
and has been in litigation in which Mr
appeared for one of the parties before his ele
vation tothe bench, There was no delay on the
part of the Judwe, for the day after getting the
papers he served an answer on Lawyer Mo
Naboe containing a genera! denial of the charges
againet him. The Judge appeared by John M.
Stoddard aa his attorney.

Consent to have the case sent before a referee
waa shortly after signed by both attorneys,
and on their consent Justice Andrews of the

sueceeded to-day in stopping the regular mills,
where over 3,000 men are emploved

The became threatening that
the Government was appealed to and this af-
ternoon several companies of militia were sent
from Montreal to the trouble
The arrival of the soldiers arotised the passions

sifnation

scene of the

of the mob and @ big crowd xathered outside
of the mills to-night and started to break the
windows. The soldiera charged on the riot.

ers, who retaliated and a regular battle ensued

' in which several of the soldiers were, it ts feared,

udgement roll, consisting mainly |

Hascall |

Supreme Court ordered a reference and named |

Johp H. Judge as referee, No record of the
filing of the report of Mr. Judge as referee is
eontalned in the court records yet, but he made
a report on which Justice Bischoff yesterday
signed the decree

[tis customary to put the motion to confirm
the report of the referee and for a decrees on the
enlendar of the Special Term, Part II1., but this
case has not been on the calendar. The way
this custom has been avoided in the past was
ornevs to consent to a submission
argument

 

of the motion to confirm without

| a practice probably followed in the present case,

PLAN TO RAISE INDEMNITY,

Chinese Customs Offictals Propose an Increase
in Maritime Daties.

‘able Despatch to THE SUN

SHANGHAI, Oct. 26.—A Pekin despatch of
Oot. 22 save Field Marshal Count von Walder-
see has despatched a mixed foroe to the Ming
tombs

The customs authorities have formulated
a echeme to provide for the payment of an tn-
demnity to the Powers. Maritime duties will
be raised 10 per cent., with an increase of an-
other 5 per cent, instead of the likin, which {s
a tax on merchandise in transportation. Under
the new scheme another £50,000,000 sterling
could be raised

S peciai ¢

 

MU. PICHON RECOVERING,

Freach Minister at Pekin ye He is Able to
Take Part in the Negottations,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Paris, Oct —In reply to inquiries
regarding his health, M. Pichon, the French
Minister at Pekin, telegraphs from that city
under date of Oct. 22 a8 follows: “I am recover-
ing from an attack of mucous fever, which,
however, has always left my mind sufficiently
clear to attend to business The doctor thinks
no more disquiet need be felt as to my case
] am dally at work with d’Anthouard, the
Secretary of the legation, and hope to be able
in a very short time to resume personal direc-
tion of the legation

VICEROYS

Prince Toan'’s Hand Seen in the Reply of the
Empress Dowager to Their Memorial,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

SHANGHAI, Oct, 25.—It is stated that
Yangtse Viceroys are puzzled by the brief reply
rec/ived to their memorial to the Empreas Dow-
ager urging the punishment of those guilty of
The telegraphic response
is most curt. It refers to the memorial, and
concludes: ‘We demind a promp! atatement of
what punishment you consider proper.”

It is suspected that Prince Tuan dictated the
reply, hoping to discover how the Viceroys re-
gard him, with the intention of treating them
according|ly

 

 

the

25

om
um

VANGTSE PUZZLED,

the

“Where Tides of Commerce Flow"

over the Pennsylvania Railroad, the natural short
line t Chicago and St. Louls. —Ade.

 

fatally injured. A number of the rloters were
also wounded

Tt is feared that the rioters will set the mills
on fire A inessage has bean received here
for more assistance and several hundred more
soldiers are being despatched by special train

to the soene of the riot

BROKE HIS LEG IN THE MAINE WOODS,

S. A. Bickford Was Toted to Cirilization on
Hils Guide's Back.

Norts ANSON, Me, Oct. 25.<-The Ron, 8. A.
Bickford of East Orange, N.J., fell overa preci-
pice while hunting for bia game in the Chain
of Ponds region a week ago yesterday, frac
turing his right leg and spraining one wrist
badiv. Mr. Bickford was accompanied br
Joe Green, a guide from Fustis. When the
accident occurred the men were six miles from

  
 

their camp and elghteen from civilization
Mr. Bickford weighs about 185 pounds, but
Green shouldered him and “toted” him to the
camp. The guide found some long shingles
and with these and an old ket he put the
injured leg in. splints. The next mornin
Green took Mr. Bickford or s back again anc
garried him nine miles to the camp kzra

Colburn, where he struck a wagon road, Col-
burn hitched up a pair of horses and took Mr
pi kford and the guide to Fustis and later to
#xington, where a doctor was found and the
fracture properly reduced

NEGROFS HANGED HORSERACK,

 

 

When the Horses Were Started From Under
Them They Dangled at Rope's End,
Macon, Ga, Oct Near the village of
Liberty Hill, in Pike county, on Monday, James
Greer and James Gallaway, two neeroes, while

out on a hunting expedition, passed a farmhouse
and fired their guns into it, to the great fright
of @ young woman, the daughter of the house,

25

who was there alone She was 60
terrorized = that when her parents re
turned they thought she had been wounded

A physician was summoned and the neighbors
were alarmed the voung Woman, it Was
ascertained, had not been injured by the shote
The men of the neg borhood found the negroes
and one of thern said that they had fired into
the house, hoping to kill the farmer, The
neetoes were carried into the woods They
were then placed on horseback, ropes tied
about their necks being fastened to the limb
of a tree, the horses were started and the ne-
groes were left dangling.

 
 

THREATENED TO BURN FACTORY,

Dye Works Strikers Start a Riot at Little
Falls, N. J.

Paterson, N. d, Oct 25 —Fifty strikers
mot at the silk dye works of Chavary & Bodwin

at Little Falls this afternoon and threatened
to burn down the building. The members
of the firm communteated with the Sheriff's

conld not get any as-

office in this city, but
The men struck because

aistanee af the time

 

|

|

 

 

VORK WILL TURN OUT TO WELs
COWF THE GOVERNOR,

The Demonstration tn Honor of the Vices
Presidenttal Candidate Sure to Be a Mam‘
moth One Eighteen Parades of Republicang
From All Sections of the Town Will Cons
verge Around Madison Square Garden ia
Which the Chief Meeting In to He Held

Ouiside There Will Be Fifteen Other
Mertings Forty-seven Bands and a Chorus
of 30,000 Voices to Render Patriotic Airf

Fireworks to Be the Most Magnificen{
Ever Seen Here — Complete Programmed

Vow

 

The reception to Gow, Roosevelt in Madison
Square Garden to-night, combined with the
eighteen parades and the fifteen open-air meet«
‘nes around Madison Square for the thousands
who will be unable to get Inside the Garden,
will be one of the grandest demonstrations ever
seen in this city Phe Republican County Come
inittee has determined 'o make it an oceasiog
that will not suon be forgotten and to outdd
inything of a similar kind that has ever beegg
attempted for a oandidate for any public office,
All the indications are that thelr efforta will bd
Phe best speakers in the Repubd
ican party, who are near enough to the city
to be able to take a part in the reception, hav@
volunteered their services, and there will be @
rire oratorical treat at the meetings outald@
as Well aa at the main meeting inside the Gardeng
which the Governor i« to address, From q
musical and spectacular standpoint, too, the
reception will be unequalled in the history of
political gatherings. Thirty thousand voices
willsing the “Star Spangied Banner” and “Amere
loa,” while forty-seven bands will play the airsy
being kept intime by asearchlight on the Garden
roof, which Bandmaster George L. Humphrey
of the Seventh Regiment will manipulate as @
baton, For nearly two hours a perfect stormy
ot fireworks wil) be sent up from different pointe
in the park, and included in this display will be
a vumber of ret pieces of unwsual tnagnificence,

That the crowd will be by far the greatest
that ever gathered in the park is indicated
by the reports of Republican leaders all over
the city. A tremendous demand has been
made for ticketa to the Garden, but none will
be distributed. The boxes and a few seats
have been reserved for guests, and there will
be a section for the press that no one can tne
vade without a special ticket, but all the resé
of the Garden is at the service of the first comers
up to a time when the police think that all the
people that it is safe to admit areineide, That
there will be a rush for the Garden there is no
doubt, and those who want to get in must
come early. All the entraneea will be open,
For those who cannot get inside there are the
outside meetings which will be held around
elevated stands, so that thousands may see
and hear the speakers without difficulty,

 
 

successful

WHEN THE GOVERNOR ARRIVES.

Gov. Roosevelt's train will arrive at the
Grand Central Station at 6:80 o'clock and hig
movements after he places himself in the hands
of the committee will be as near to a schedule
which has been made out by the County Come
mittee as possible, At 4:45 o’clock an escort
of mounted police and three carriages will
go to the station and walt for the arrival of
the Governor's special train. In the first cur-
riage will be Gen. Francia V. Greene, chair-
man of the Republican County Committee;
Cornelius N, Bliss, and George KR. Manchester
Recretary of the County Committee. In the
second carriage will be William H. Ten Eyck,
chairman of the Executive Committee of the
County Committee; National Cormmmitteeman
Frederick 8. Gibbs, and the Hon. Joseph H,
Manley of Maine, whoisin charge of the Eastern
headquarters of the Republican National Come
mittee, In the third carriage will be William
Barnes, Jr., Senat r N. B, Soott and Franklin
Murphy. All of the carriages will start from
the County Committee headquarters in the
Metropolitan Life Butlding at 1 Madison avee
nue,

On the arrival of the Governor he will entem,
Gen. Greene's carriage and headed by the polical
and followed by the other carriages the party

) will proceed down Fifth avenue to the Fifth

| W. P. Fryeand the Hon, J

Avenue Hotel. Here they willbe met by United

States Senator Thomas C. Platt Chairman
Beniamin B Odell, Jr. of the State
Committee, who is the Republican can-
didate for Governor: former Gov, Frank S,

levi P. Morton, Senator
K. Richards. There
will be an informal reception at the hotel and
at 615 dinner will be served in parlor D-R,
Gen Greene will sit at the head of the table
which will be ovalinshave. On his right will p@
the Governor and on his left Senator Piateg

Black, former Gov

' The others at the dinner going from the ngnv’

|

|

they obfected to the boss, Albert Grasst, and |
because one of their number had been dis- |
charged. They made a demonstration tn

front of the works and succeeded in getting
hold of Grasel and beating him
had several flahta among themselves during
the tneipient riot Sherlff Hopper sent up
twelve constables later, but the trouble was
over when they arrived

ANOTHER KING OP GOLD,

Comes From the Cariboo Mining Company
and Is Worth 6154,765.

The biggest lump of gold ever shipped across
the continent reached the local office of the Baak
of Montreal yesterday, lItcame from the Cari-
boo Consolidated Hydraulic Mining Company of
British Columbia, and is worth $154,765. It
{s what is technically known as a “king” of
gold, being cone shaped and about eighteen
inches high. It weighs 9,040 ounces and repre
senta the product from sixty-eight day's wash-
ings. The king was taken in the big wooden
box it came in tothe United States Assay Office,
where it will be melted up and doubtléea ulti-
mately it will reach the public in the form of
double eagles

FOR HAVANA ON FER, 1,

Engineer of the Ratlroad Company Comes
Home to Vote for McKinley.

 

TROLLEYS

G. F, Greenwood, chief engineer and general
maAnager of the Havana Railroad Company,
who arrived three days ago on the Ward liner
Havana, was released yesterday from Hoff-
man Island. He said the company would
bewin rutuung trolley cara in and around Ha-
vana on Feb. 1, Tt will have 100 cars, each
With seating capacity for thirty-two passen-
wers There will be three power houses, the
engines of which are being completed in Mi
waukee Mr. Greenwood comes back to vote
for MeKinley. He will return to Havana in
about two weeks

 

 

Woman Killed by an Express.

Port Coester, N. Y¥., Oct. 25.—Mre. William
Matson was struck by the Lenox express from

New York this morning and killed. She was
stooping over attempting to pick up something
she had dropped on the track and didnot see
the expres She leaves a husband and five
children

Next day, Saratoga Arondack Water makes you feel
bright and cheerful. Tones tbe stomach and braces
the nervea Ade

The strikers |

 

 

 

|

ee

of the Governor will be: Mr. Odell, Mr. Ten E

Mr. Black, Mr. Rilss Mr. Richards. Senato

Scott, ex-Secretary of the Treasury Charlee
8. Fairchild, Mr. Murphy, Mr. Morton. Mr,
Barnes, Mr. Manley, Senator Frye and Mr,
Gibbs. The dinner is to be over promptiy at
7:45 o'clock, and ten minutes after that the ene
tire party is to be inside of the Garden r

to go on with the meeting

AT THE MAIN MPFTING

Gen. Greene will preside at the big meeting
{neide of the Garden. Gen. Greene takes the
leading part in the reception, because strictly
speaking Gov. Roosevelt is here as the guest
of the County Committee, of which Gen. Greene
is the chairman. Gen. Greene expects to call
the meeting to order promptly at & o'clocks)
He will make a speech, which Is limited tal
five minutes. When he ts through he
introduce the Governor, who will speak =
forty minutes. At 8:60 o’clook, or as near
that time as possihla, Mr, Fairchild will be
introduced and he will epeak for thirty minutes,
Mr. Odell will follow at about 9:20 o'clook and
will speak for ten or fiftean minttes as he sees
fit. Gov. Black will have ten minutes, Senator
Frye thirty minutes and then in clos
ing the meeting Mr. Richards will make @
speech which will be limited to twenty minutes,
Gov. Roosevelt and the rest of the party expect
to return to the Fifth Avenue Hotel at 10:80
o'clock for a light supper, After supper,
the party will adjourn to a parlor where they
will have a conference on the progress of the
campaign This conference will be of the
most infortnal character, yet none save those
whose names have been mentioned as part
of the dinner party early in the evening will
be admitted to it. Gov. Roosevelt will tell
the leaders of the county, State and national
committees for the first time since he started
on his speechmaking tour over the country
what he thinks of the situation in the differen®
sections in which he has been

At 11 o'clock Gov. Roosevelt, escorted by a
squad of mounted police and in a carriage with
Gen. Greene and Mr Manchester, will drive to
the house of his sister, where he will remain for
the night. At § o'clock to-morrow morning @
squad of police and a carriage with Gen Green
and Mr. Manchester will call for the Governor
and take himto the Erie railway station, where
he will take the train for Binghamton which
leaves at 9 o'clock

William Leary, who has charge of the out
door meetincs and the fireworks, made publia
his programme yesterday. The stands areto be
lettered instead of numbered and the following
table gives the exact location of each, the name

Right at Your Hand

is Grand Central Station of the New York Oentral
with a through trainevery hour; reservations made
@ month in advance, traios 4tail hours; ese tine
table. —Ad«