Fag

 
 
 
 
 
  
  

—

  

GERMANY'S FIRM DEMAND.

DETAILS OF PEKIN’S FALL.

BRAVERY OF THE JAPANESE IN
BLOWING UP THE CITY GATES.

The Powers Must Peolss the Gallty Leaders
fo Pekin.

Bertsn, Sept. 18.—The seml-ofk fal North
German Gaaette statea that Baron von Buelow,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, has telegraphed
the following clrcular to the German repre-
| sentatives at London, Paris, St, Petersburg,
| Vienna, Rome, Washington and Tokio

Russians Opened the Atiack Ahead of Sched- |
ule and Met With Unexpected Resistance |
—Diary of a Correspondent Who Was in
Pekin During the Siege of the Legations.

Vicrowa, B.C, Sept 18 The steamer Em | «ppg Government of the Emperor holds
preas of India, which arrived to-day f0'0 | that as a preliminary to entering into diplo-
China and Japan, brought the first arrivals | piveje relations with the Chinese Government, |
from the Chine capital ince the those persons must be delivered up who have
recent memoravie iocidents, One of those | been proved to be the original, real instigators
who arrived was Frederick Palmer, the) o¢ the outrages against international law which
wer co respondent who accompo nied } have occurred in Pekin. The number of those
the allies on their march to relieve Pekin, He | vig were merely instruments in carrying out
gaid the march wasa very trying ene, one Of | o)., Cutrages are too great. Wholesale exe-
the worst he lad ever seen, The besieged cutions would be contrary to civilized con-
legationers were ti a much better condition | ianoe ‘The clroumstances are such that
when relivwed than blah! flave buen expected the group of leaders cannot be completely
The appearance of the British legau a grout ds ascertained, but a few among then whose
when the relieving foree arrived was more like guilt ie nateslon should be due
that of a lawn party than @ long besiewed |). Oy up and punished. In this matter

polpt

The best narrative of the taking of Vekin in
the accounts brought by the Kropress fe un
doubtedly that of Jijo Shinpos, a Japanese
correspondent He writes from Shitnonesaki
we follow

On the day after the occupation of Tuns
the iath, the Ninth Japanese Brigade
the Eleventh

the representatives of the Powers in Pekin are
ina position to bring forward convincing
evidence. Less iinportance attaches to the nulm-
ber punished than to their character as chief
fustigators or leaders, ‘The Government be-
Hieves it can count upon the unanimity of all
the Cabinets in regard to this point inasmuch
as indifference to the idea of just atonement
would be equivalent to indifferance Wo a repou-

Chow,
marched from that place with

Regime: : Pa we bbabal A 4 ' a “ eat tion of the crime, This Government proposes,
Ta Wa ’ rT os 4 shee rf Py , { "- z therefore, Uiat the Cabinets coneerned should
) ese dri he & ) he rol
eae : ps os ‘ “. oe 40 ‘" t -yy ms: of tustruct their representatives in Pekin to ine
jineae ¢ wey | coach ec is ) at nae tonsils naee pareonames ff
Pekin and there wererome casualties The dicate those leading Chinese per ur frum
: wuillt in insUigating or perpetrating the

Whose
outrages all doubt ls excluded,”

LONDON, Sept. 18.--An unconfirmed report
reaches here from Shanghai to the effect that
Li Hung Chang, ou the eve of his departure for

scouts reported thatthe Boxers were beating
drums toside of the city and tuaking prepara.
tons for resistance, Ati A.M. ie sound of

vigorous fring was heard fromthe direction of
}

 

ae ee a a ae ee ok the North, received @ strongly worded telegram
The Japanese scouts in that direction re- from Lord Salisbury insisting that the Emper
ported that the Russians explained that or’s return to Pekin was @ leosssary condition
this was not a genuine attaos ou the city, to the opening of negotlations. Lord Salisbury
but a reconnot-sance in force. But the ruth ix also said to have declared that it was the de-
gcems to be that the Russiuus erpected no more aire of the allies to aveld the dissolution of the
resistance ot Pekin than they #ucountered at Empire, and to have announced an Irrevoc ible
Tung Chow, and that observing the Tung Pien determination to punish those responsible
gate to be Haehtly defended they bh id at for the outrages, pursuing them through China
once proceeded to attack it The original | & necessary

TO PREVENT LOOTING.

agreement among the cormmiunding oMeers,

bowever, had been that the general ub

tack on Pekin shoiid not be inade ntl) ailtes Open Coarts tn Pekin and Germans
the 15th, the twodays prior being devoted to Will Puvish Robbery by Death.
Getting the troops lito position and moking Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,
reoonnolssances. But sinee the Ru-siana bad LONDON, Sept, 15.—A despatch from Pekin
thus commenced the attucs it became Lecter of date of Sept. 13, says

eary for the Japanese to attempt the same “Three hundred American cavalrymen will

course without delay, $0 @& to prevent the isola-
tion of one part of the allied forces, The Ninth
ted to attsnpt to eect an
entr e cavalry wanwuvred on the
north and northwest of the city

The advance was conunenced from Ta Wa
Chang the liih at dawu The Teehwa

leave to-morrow for the northeast to rescuo
Christians who are surrounded by the Boxers.
It fe expected that they will be goue ten days
Other expeditious had been planned but the
general senUment is opposed to then because
hey keep the country in a disturbed gpndition,
“Provost marshals’ courta have been opened

Krigade was see

nee, wi

on

Gite was the objective point, Tue weather by all naUons to prevent looting aud the Ger-
was beautiful, and the troops presented @ mans have made robbery a capital offence

splendid appearance as they advance ed to the “A detachment of the Bengal Lancers co-
atteon Ax thy Ninth Brigade advanc d operated with the Germans ln an expedition
the Twenty-first with the staff moved out of against Liang Hsiang to exact reparation for
Tung Chow, These troops moved rapidly thto | an attack on German soldiers, The Indian
positio 7 about 1,900 metres frum the Teshwa troopers entered the clty ahead of the Germans
gate They afterwar !, though, bore to the and temporarily hoisted the British flag In

the Tune Chin gate from that . °

right and took
point. Outside the Psetiwag ttethere ls a stone
bridge, and here the advince halted and the
é6couts came th {ng thatthe enemy were
ronged on the walle in fighting order. The ar-
tillery of the fort came into action on one wing
aid the infantry advaneed under cover of fire
The evemy ope { asevere fire from the wal,
14 pushed on gradually,
ruses on either side of the

the fghti

 

Chinese had 200 killed

CABLE SERVICKE TO CHINA.

 

Communication to Taka, Wet-Hal-Wet and Port
Arthur Independent of Chinese Lines.

The central cable office of the Western Union
Telegraph Company haa kssued the following
hotice

“The Great Northern Couipany announces
that the Shanghal-Chefoo cable established
by the Eastern Extension and Great Northern
compa has been opened for interuational
correspondence in direct communication with
the previously established cables from Chefoo
to Taku, to Port Arthur aud to Wei-Hal- Wei,
thus creating with each of these stations com-
munication with China Independent of the
land lines controled by the Chinese Govern-

 

 

and the Japanese to
finding oov rinthel
road

“Upon approaciiing the
walls and tower intact 4
them was cut of the qu spion,
system of defence wus very compl te, so that
the troops advancing to attack the gate would
find Uiemselves exposed to flank and rear
fire from the adjacent parapets. On the other
hand, unless the gates were quickly breeched

gate they found the
dso high that to scale
Mureover the

aod entrance eff cted, the troops pushiog up in . .
the rear would find themselves iv aspecies of | Ment. There will be no change ln the rates,

we}, with bullets pouring down con them [rom The other cablo companios have tssued simt-
ove head, Detachments from Noa, 1 and 10 lar holices .

companies tried to ‘ore the gate, but imled. | Vo puRTAER REPLY TO RUSSIA Now,

Major Saiki then led the foremost battalion to the

    

    

       

 

Satan. ta atid peer ye are toe punal shat M. de Wollant’s Toquirtes as to Our Plans in
e i Q t ;
it was found impossible to effect this pur- China Not Answered,
pore The cuxsunities at this stage were y NOTON ept 189 —\ 5 Io)
very heavy. ‘The artillery received orders to | WASHINGTON, — Bet 5M. de Wok
fire upon the eneniles crowding the w From | lant, the tus ian Chargé d’Affaires,
their position ona knoll $00 metres trom the | called upon the acting Secretary of State to-
Oey cece k otnt if ree i | day to receive his answer to the inquiries he
Fant cannonads lhe vy huda Considw- | made ye erday regarding the t{ntentions of
able number of eu but seerved to | the United States as to withdrawn _ from
be {li =o supplied with ammunition, for | Pekta, It is understood that M. de Wollant
their fire was feerle Ibe artillery | was informed that this Government did not
fire drove the nemy under cover deem it expedient to enlarge tipon the reply to
but the advanced detachments of No« tand 10 | Gie Risstan propo al at present
were all this time lyl g under the wall, unable "
eee teeesecsic beciees, the Ialanrt @ere BOXERS BURN A TOWN.

He tesnyp. y he

neless, the infanuy were
ud «i tiilery flre concentrated on

drawnon and
the gates. It was {mpo-s(ble, though, for shells | Reported to Be Operatiag Only Forty Miles
to reach the gate, aud several herove att: 3 From Pekin.

were made to carry forward guneotlo but
the men could not crosa th: gone cf re. Lieut
Yasaki was killed in an attempt to carry for
The attacks of eng neers

   

 

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN

SHaNGuHAl, Sept. 18.--The newspapers here

ward the explosive
being con id red hopeless in the daylight they | state that Boxers have burned the town of Chu
were therefore abandoned until ofter nigotfall, | Chau, forty miles from Pekin toward Pao-ting-

but the bombardment of the gate continued

‘After nightfall the task of blowing up the
gate was intrusted toa detachment of @«!-
noers and Lieut. Taska and seven sappers we

fu. The Germans under Gen. Hopfner are un-
able to advance to Pao-ting-fu, the roads betng

{mpracticable for artillery. The Borer move-

 

 

tod off to blow up the cuter gate, and » afy asi nthe Provi » of Shar
Corporal Sugiinoto ahd seven sapper- to blow ment ts{ncreasinginthe Provinee of Shang-
up the inner gate. At @ P OM. the men | tune aeuntminenia

stripped themselves completely, lo order

to escape the enemy's pues and prepared TO SHANORAT.
forthe attompt. It was a fine moondght night,

but tortinately a shower of rain fel! as they
went forward, and the ove rceast sky gave them
opportunity. ‘The enemy, evidently prepared

VON WALDERSEE OFF

German Field Marshal Stops Only a Few
Hours at Hong Kong o@ Ble Way North.

  

    

 

   
 
 

HARD WORKIN GALVESTON,

MORE THAN 300 BODIES RECOVERED
AND BURNED YESTERDAY,

Work of Clearing Up the Debris on the Streets
Goes on Rapidly-Excellent Work on the
| Mainland Congrestman Hawley Wants to
| Hulld a 817,000,000 Sea Wallfor the ¢ ity,
| Ganveston, Tex, Sept. 18—The work of
‘ extricating bodies from the mass of wreckage
in this city still continues. To-day more than
| 300 bodies were taken out of the d: bris which
lines the beach. With all that has been done
| to recover bodies buried beneath or jammed
into this immense rift the work has @careely
started) There is no time to dig graves and
| the bodies aré consigned to the flames. Vol-
| unteers for this work are coming in fast
Men who have heretofore avoided the dead
ordinary conditions are how working
with a vigorous will and energy in puttlog
them away. Under one plleof wreckage this
afternoon twenty bodies were taken out and
burned. In another pile a man pulled out
the remains of two children For @ moment
he gazed upon them and then immediately
cast them into the fire They were his own flesh
and blood He watched them In silence for
a time and then resumed his work with others
in recovering bodies.

A large force of men is still engaged in re-
moving the dead from Hurd Lane, about four
nfles west of the city, At this polnt the water
rose to the height of fourteen feet and up in
trees and barbed wire fences are the bodies of
men, wornen and children, which are belng
collected and burned as rapidly as possible.
On'the mainland the searching for bodies
{s being prosecuted vigorously, Reports re-
celyed to-day from Bolivar, where between
2% and 400 bodies were reported as lying strewn
along the beaoh, are that Wey are belng burted
as rapidly as possible. The man bringing the
report says that the force ia inadequate and
should be increased immediately,

The manner of disposing of the wreckage tn
this city bas not yet been decided deflidtely.
At present every energy le used fo getting at
all of the dead, opentng streets, cleaning alleys
and gutters and disinfecting the city. When
this 1s done the removal of the Lmmense rift of
debris will begin, Everything {3 in readiness
to turn on the current for the electric ghts tn
the business prt, but because of the danger
from hanging wires on the ctreuit Mghtin
will be postponed indefinlely. Three telephone
wires are now working between Galveston
and Houston,

Congressman Hawley, representing the Gal
veston district, expressed hlinself to-day in

favor of a sea wall being bullt around CGialvea-
ton, extending from the jetty toa point seven
milea west along the beach front, His tdea fs
to construct the wall of solid material with a
25-five-fuut base, eight-foot crown and cappe

under

 

  

   

with the heaviest. aranite blocks to be nine
feet above an low tide. He estimates It to
cost about $17,000,000 When he leaves for

 

Washington he will take the matter up with the
oper authorities and will also confer with the
Var Department with a view to rebullding the
fortifications whiel were desaolieed,

Clara Barton, President of the Red Cross
Sockety, has beued an appee’ for money and
supplies for the sick anc wounded Her idea
{s to spend some of the tnone with local mer-
chants Where ever practicable, She aud her
assistants are doing excellent work

Fifty bodies drifted ashore to-day at Roll
on the Gulf coast about twenty miles

 

  

Over

east of Galveston, Some of them were buried
and others burned. Among the messages
received by the General Rellef Com-
mittee to-day was one from Col,
Thomas _ Ochiltree, former member of
Congressffrom this district and at one time
resident of Galveston, Col, Ochiltree t@ in

he will use every per-
eonal effort to hurry subscriptions to the
tricken city. Chafrman Davidson of the
Relief Committee says that the greatest eur
ferers from tue storm are those people of limited
means who owned’ homes hear the beach
There are hundreds of these people who owned
lots, and by gtv! Hen upon them bad hones
constructed. Now thelr property ts swept
AWRY The loan conmpanies are protected by
ithe liens. Mr. Davidson advised that a fund
he rataed for people who have suffered in this
way so that they may be able to restore what
took them years to accumulate and was taken

from them in a single ulaht,
A. Ho gman, representing Feder, Holzman
Co, of Cincinnat!, purchasers of the sewerage

London and says that

   

 

 

 

 

bonds of the city of Oe ston to. the amount
f $200,008, arrived here to-day. He conpulted
with eity officials as to whether the city intended
t netruct a sewage Systein in aecord with
plans adopted prior to the storm He received
a-sirances from them that the @torm in bo
way would affect the construction of the 6\s-

tern, and Just &s soon As pe sible work would
ymmence Mir. Holztnan said ne arte stood
eady to abide by their contract and had every
ree en e in Galvest a future. Eiftv thou-
sand dollars has already been paid into the
hands of the City Treasurer aud the remainder
f them ix to be peid
W. B zelose, assistant general frelg
nt of the Miss nsas and 7

hed Galveston ft

 

 

  

   

ne
reu
He

celve gra
} 22. A large

  

ule this even
Katy” railroad will begin t
Mipment to Galveston or

n isengaged repalring
ilvestop Bay

save the

       
 

r
dges

    

one of the raflr gen over G
e railroad 1 that tralns
e city or day
1 the num sub-relief
ittered throughout the city are taxed
itimost capacity Long lines of peor le
thelr turns for provisions and clothes

At lexaa City a foree of Deputy United States
Marshals under Marshal Grant ls guarding the
trance to Galveston and keeping out all neo-
who can have no good reason for desiring
People are daily leaving the cit
being women at d children. The
J under military rile and will remain
ao indefinitely. rs and sightseers who
eluded the guards mainland upon their
arrival here are ressed In. street service
Thisis no place foraman who willnot work. It
is work or go to jall, and the idjers generally go
to jail

\ foree of men under the supervision of
the Sheriff's Department Is at work about
eight miles down the Island removing the dead
from the bayous and swamps. Many hodles
were found high and dry on the prarie, left
there by the receeding waters. To secure
legal evidence ofdeath an office has been ea-

   

 

o come in.

     

 

"

for euch @n attiok, oper od up & heavy but Speciad Cable Despatch THR SUN tablished where any oI d all oor ae Doses
the little bandof er gineera pushed on resolulely . Sent > {ng legal evidence of the death of any person
and succeeded, although thelr ranks we , HONG Kona, Sept. 18 -Field Marshal Count | tn ’connection with the recent disaster at Gal-
decimated, In blowing up the wates von Waldersee arrived here to-day om the | veston are required to appear and make aff-
upon ¥ @ battalions under Major steamship Sachsen davit to this effeet, It Is Gortred to at once
o.arged (he wates, swept away the enemy and ’ . ‘ collect As ronueh authentle evidence
effected an entrance, Th: two leading but- He landed at noon and was received with | ,. possible for future legal reference

Jat an- | military honors. He visited the Governor, | in matters of Inheritance and | Insurance

tallons rushed off : heering loudly to th
eae lezation, andthe third went to aw ist in the
attack on the Tung Chih gate, but as
the latter had already been destroyed they
returved and tock possession of storeho ses
@tthe Tashwagate The remainder of the Jap-
anese foroes hurri doff to assist in thy attack

and sailed on the crulser Hertha for Shanghai
in the evening

 

CHINESE ACTIVE ON WEST RIVER,

made by the Russians ¢o aoe ung Pier Sate, Troops Drilling and Gunboate Manmavring
but they soon jearned thay the Russian» had | Ne 1

effected an entrance. The Japanese eutered | or Hong Kosg.

there in suocession to the Kussians. The Rus Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN,

sians had encountered ablooked for resiwta ce Howe Kona, Sept, 18.—The Chinese troops

  
 

an! had many killed and wounded. Many also ‘ . ‘

fell into the hands of the Chinase. ‘ along the West Kiver are drilling daily. Chinese
"The Tung Pien gate does not give direct | Sunboats are again patrolling the river,

Bdmnitranes So the cit ree. Hate, pate. at £ The object of these movements {8 unknown,

considerable distance’ nad alao to be ere

 

The Hata @ite, however, bad not becn reached | The British steamship Sandpiper is watching
by the Ras tan It was stunding act | the manwuvres The British gunboat Robin
Between the gate and the ground there was ¢ has sailed for Canton

fitervil sufficient for a man to_ er

through Into this interwal Cant. Bayas pee pan

thrust NKiins if carrving an ele-trie lamp Order tn Central aud Southern China.

 

   

  

 

 

 

He was able to saceertin that the wate was Yuh

formed of a gie panel @id thatthe enemy Special Cadie Despatch to THE SUN.

were not in saht Acoord.ngly, he and teu LONDON, Sept. 18 -A deepaiteh from Shang-

men or ptur dar the mate, and aecending the | hal says an Imperial edict has been issued

) { nat wat . 1 ri so |

asia er sis d nd an Din a ies Ae he 4 80 ; Which sanctions the agreement of the Vicw-
t € a groove ey ’

raged it suff t ill the puss ? a | Foye with the ¢ onsuls regarding the mato

ho se, and toewe troops @ le | tenance of order in the central and southern

Iss ais fodo !

Ot wan. ral te deaoribe the delight of | province It also agrees that native Chris-
the lone be fore veand the warmth of | tans who refrain from holding meetings and
ee ee i oo8 ® | rought out brandy | creating disturbances shall be treated impar-
© tive troops and d « teem te beable toex- | ¢ »
presa their wratitules ienthy Wally

“But we were not the firstto reach the lga- pega ar Sager
tions. The Indfan troops were beforeus Ay TO KEARSARGE AND ALABAMA

'
parentiv, the Britl-}
route to the centre of

Gifts to the New Battleships by the State of

offers found a spectd
eoity, and thisthey took |

       

 

 

    

withasmeall foreeof Indian oops. It was a
Se iltant achievement While the fest of the New Hampshire—Tablets Unveiled.
forces were aseauliing the city dire« the Brit- | Oy tout } Sant 18 { ¢
Oe ncn oda Tani Souate el | I rem TH, ‘ fi., Sex ! Owlng to the
wher Their. jia r @etion was this: | , weather of the foreroon, the un-
Between the Japanese and British legut s | velling of the tableta pre ted by the State of
runs @ CAN wn a= ifs oxit ucer tie elt New flampshire to the attleahit antubenen 4
wall The polit where the canal emerges alat at , WWeshipe BK - ee
ts guarded by an fron gratlug, which dogs | 264 Alabama was Posty wd until 3 o'clock
not reach fully to th intave of the canal It | Uiis Allernoon, When a clear sey and warm sun
happens that the water int canal War x I le agreeable , ept be AY >
ceptior ally tow at Brith«h officers, t hig ce Beresnue Wap Bepienibe 40) he
advantage of the fact led a body f' Indian | exercises ¢ onsisted of an address of welcome by
troops under the grating, an appromeh agalaet | the Hon. k. BE. Melotire, Mayor of the elty,
which the enemy had made no sort of prepa- | ao address by the president of the
rations These troops nwahad the legations day the Hor Chartes a Burs
at2 P.M. on the lth jof Wilton, and the ynveiling of the tablew
“On the morning of the t8th the Japane-e, | Miss Mary Thornton Davis, daughter of Judge
who had proceeded to ‘hel wation, were told of | Charles Thornton Davis of Kosten and rand

to guard the Ting“ wate, ulece of James Thorton, executive offloer of

 

nd@ the other bata 04 |

 

givencharweo the legalions A company | the old Kearsirge, uncovered. the gift to the
the latter proceeded ty toe Finance Departme it | Kearsarwe and Mra Hryan, daughter of Ad-
and took 2,000,000 tiel- of aller | miral Semmes of the Confederate Navy, un-
. deinen vellea the tablet presented to the Alabama

: : . he formal presentation was made by Gov
Special tabiratory to Stade Plagoe Germs | Rollins and the speeches of acceptance were
The Health Der twas authorized yeas | Made by J hn D Pong, Seen tary of the Navy,

= ie ihn Maas . : : }and Gov serh Johnston of Alabama, the
terdiy by the Board of Fstimate to spend | former accepting the Kearsarge gift and the

latter receiving the Alabama. Sentiments of
reunion of North and South tn the speechos
were applauded vigorously

0 foraspecal liboratory atthe Willard
rker Hospital to be used for the study «f the
pubonte pleut

 

 

lt te ah

| Witnesses not now residents of Galveston are

requested to send sworff statements of their

 

 
 
  

    
 

 

    

{
\ knowledge to the Rourd of Nealth Mortuary
| Committee, Galveston, Including {tr evidence
| the nan nage, sex, color, occupation, residence
lof the d, at the same thme detailing fully
lupen what boeis ench statements are founded
All pe subseribing should attert their place
of re ice to the subseription and Include {f
iy other individuals able to substantiate
| the evidence utven
ATIANTA, (1 Sept. 18.—Rishop Warren A,
Candler left last night for Galveston in re
ponse to the calls for helt the Method{-t
' isters of that eity ri ubste md
Presiding Bleer, Oo. T. H noof (Balveson,
ha written to Bishop Candler telling of their
} nd imploring him to ald the Mtho-
that ° Weston Yered greatly. Ther

than 100 lives le

hership of the churches
mous st. J
4 total +s

© mem-
lose
the largest
James's is ina
ind the West End Chureh

s among t
The provnerty
4 church,

k St

were tt

  

wns er
in the clty {a
er con ition
idernably damage.

 

 

 

|

|
Vee )
is consi
Tawver Mrewseter Gets After ‘Extra Flends,

|

!

|

|

|

j

|

|

|

'

'

les O. Brewster, the lawyer of 82 Liberty

Char
Tennis Club in
midnight
flends with
under — thetr arma
anic in Wall Street!"
and caused their
Th boys said
ret «treet police station that
id of 88 Jott street and

Racquet and
rtly
“ex'r

street, leaving tle
Forty-third
last night two
bundles ( papers
biwling “Great
He summoned a polloeman
arrest for makina a disturbance
West Fif 1
were John Fitager

after

street she

 

heard

 

  

1) the
thes

 

James Murply of 420 West Twenty-sixth
treet
Hohokus Depot Broken Into.
Ramsny, N. J., Sept. 18. -Last night the
Hohokus depot Was broken into, express pack-
oe were opened and valuable goods were
taken from them. The thieves on their way to
Paters n saw Jobn Magee.y ex-Collector of
Oyvil tow ship, entering his home. Two of
lthem sized him oOvthetbroat. After a tussle
they bbhed him of 875. The spectil pollcamen
of the townsbip caught the men to-day on the

grounds of the North Bergen Driving Associa-
tion, where a far is being held,

 

 

Another Steamship Line te Dock tn Brooklyn.

Tt was anuoune d yesterday that the steam-
ships of the Vogemann Line, which run between
Hanmbure aod Wiis port, will hereafter yse the
covered (ere at Beard’s stores at the foot of
Richerce street, Brookl'n. For the past two
veare they have docked In Jersey City

RFAL ESTATE

 

“THE SUN'S"
\NEWs

and tabular forms of daily transactions ia to be

better posted in. this direction than those who

rely onsoenlied Real Fatate mediums, where
| tahceffort but partially covers the ground,—Ade

TO READ

Sot oe ES 5 ig ae a Fins = 4

 

|

 

eee

       
  

    

M. Harlick will make a survey of Galves-
harbor jetties and fortifications:

F.
ton
lery left for Fort Sam Houston to-day where
they will take station. A detachment of the
Rouston Light Guards, Capt. MaecCormick,
who have been on duty here since last Tues-
day returned to Houston to-day. ‘There are
at present about one hundred and elghty mill-
tiamen in town.

The Dallas Rough Riders, one of the come
panies on duty here, at a metting to-day de-
cided to remain {n the elty as long as their
services are needed The best of order pre-
Vaiis throushout the city

The United States Hahthonse tender Ars
butus arrived to-day, and under direction of
the commanding officer a force of men repaired
the light at Fort Point, which ls burning to-
night for the first time since the storm

CLASH WITH PORTUGAL,

 

 

MAY

Boers Close to the Border Sald to Have Al-
ready Killed One Portuguese Sold er.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Sept 10—The arrival of the British
at Komati Poort, on the eastern boundary of
the Transvaal, and the reported heavy fightUng
there is exciting keen interest here in view
of the possible share the Portuguese may be
compelled to take in events. Reports from
British sources represent the Boer mercenaries
operating In the vicinity of Keomatl Poort as
uncontrolled marauders, who are recklessly de-
stroying and looting, apparently without ref-
erence to the main object of the war
The Lorenzo Marques correspondent of the
Telegraph declares that Komati Poort itself lias
been looted and burned to the ground, The
Boers are sniping Portuguese soldiers, one ol
whom has been killed. Every availabie Portu-
guese soldier has been gent to the frontier an 1
a Portuguese battery ls on the way there
Intercepted Kaffirs state that the flahting Is
proceeding. Trains full of refugee Boers with

thelr fighting kits are arriving at Lloreizo
Marques
Another correspondent declares that. the

Portuguese are preparing for almost certain
battle with the Boers, Still another reports that
the British have possibly asked the help of the
Portuguese the relations between whose Goy-
ernment and Great Britain are declared to be
most cordial

Much of this gosstp 4s afloat, but it badly
needs confirmation,

DEAD ON

 

TENEMENT STAIRS,
Fall Killed Jeweller Eichele—-His New Wife,
Found Beside His Body, Pat ia Jal,

Christopher Eichels, a jeweler of 616 West
Forty-seventh street, was found dead yes-
terday morning at the foot of the stairs of
the tenement at 444 West Forty-first street.
There was a cut on his forehead and the police
of the West ‘Thirty-seventh street station
{ncline to the belief that he had met with foul
play.

Kichele was 60 years old. He was employed
by Alois, Kohn & Co. at @ Maden lane He
was a widower, but last April be married again
and brought his wife home to 616 West Forty-
seventh street, where be was living with lis

daughter Kate, Another married daughter,
Mrs, Annie] tlistrana, lives at 654 West biluieth
street. Accorcing tohis caualter, hichele
wut home one day two weeks ago, and found
his wife talking with a strange Inan. He or-
dered her out of the house and she went to
live at 442 West Forty-firet street.

Lichele left his home on Monday morning at
7 o'clock, aud his daughters bever saw him alive
again. About 440 oclock yesterday morning
Philip Christ, a grocer living at 414 West Porty-
fir-t street, heard his dog barking in the hall,
He went downstairs, and found a wan and
woman lying ob the floor, The man’s head
reated on the bottom stalr, and the Woman was
lying beside him. Christ shook up the woman,
who, he sald, seemed to have been drinking,
and she said she lived pext Goor, at 442. Christ
told her to wet out, and she weat away. He
and John Gombert, another tenant, exariued
the man, and found he was dead. He proved
to be Eichele, The woman they had found with
him was his wife,

The pot e arrested the wife when they heard

 

the grocer's story, and she was taken before
Coroner 1, who committed her to the Totubes
ervditug the autops She dened that she was

 

nany way responsible for her husband's death.
She last saw him alive at 1! o'clock on Monday
night, she sald, when he left her to go home
Since they separated, she sald, he had called
regularly to see her. is
Coroners  Physidan Willams
autopey on Bichele’s body last niaht and found
that death was die to orrnagesa of the
brain, due probably, Dr. Willlama thousht
to Pall, Fichele had been drinking heavily
1 had or ably fallen downstairs
chele’s daughters made a number of accu-
sation s uainst thelr atepmotber, among other
one that ee had another husband living and

made an

  

hen

 

  
 

  

  

  

 

   

 

that they had conspired to “do” the feweller
The fee sald they had investigated both
accusations and bad discovered nothing to sub-
stauntiate elther
CARNEGIE COMPANY MEETING,

Mr. “Moreland HResigns as Secretary of the

Formal Company Required by State Laws

Prerspera, Pa, Sept. 18 At the monthly
meeting of the Board of Directors of the Car-
ne Steel Company, Secretary A. M. Moreland
tendered his resignation, which was accepted.
The ¢ Steel Company is the corporation
which @ maintained to comply perfunct-

 

nsylvania law that prohibita
Mr Moreland renaiua the
npany, This la the
n ganized last spring
h united the twenty-ni!
atiiea and 1)
big working concern
Mr. Moreland will now he chile to devote all his
attention to this corporation. This is the result
of the directors’ meeting disposing of the sen
sational stories of a probable “shake-up” in
Carnegie official circles, Some minor changes
may be announced to-morrow

orily with the Pe:
*ommibus” charters
secretary of the Carnegie «
’ Jersey corporat r
under a charter while
Carnegie suxillary comy
varwership into one

 
    

  

Dozen New Buildings for Ckicago University,
Cuicaao, Sept. 18.--The University of Chicago
{s to have two new gymnasiums to cost $125,000

‘4 Bartlett, has donated this amount and
r’ William R. Harper announced the gift at
the university's convooition exercises in Stude-
baker Hall this afternoon. He also announced
that plans are being prepared for the erection
of ten new butidings by the university

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

W hile three laborers were at work laying a Moor io
anuniinished bullding at Sixth avenue and Forty
first stre-t, yeterday the ceiling fellon them. None
was dangerously Injured

Judge Lacombe of the Untted States Cireult Court
yesterday Granted a perpetual Injunction on the appil-
Gation of Milwaukee brewers reatraining the Frede
rick Hollender Company of this elty from using the
word ° Milwaukee’ to any way tn connertion wlth
the sale or brewing of beer not really brewed In Mil-
waunee

 

  
  

 

       

+5, Mi)
ACO

Pe: 3 sheer! 7/|
Se AE RNS Soules

$ it

Hiow long, at this rate,
going to be before you have
lost half your hair?

Use Ayer’s Hair Vigor when
the hair begins to fall, and a
hundred hairs will take the
place of every one lost.

J. C. Aver Company,

Practical Chemists, Lowell, Mass.

’ | Ayer’s Hair Vigor
Ayer's Pills | Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
Ayers Ac Aver's Comatone

——

How to Hire an Apartment or « Private House

at the Lowest Rental,
There never was a time itn the history of New York

 

Ayer's Sarsapa

 

    

when there was such @ large and abundant supply of
housing to let tn pro, lon to the demand as this
Year The result {s that bundreds of owners are

offering reduced rents, while others, though nominally
matntaining the old rents, make concessions tn the
wa) of free occupancy No tenant can be sure that
he is obtaining the terme he {a entitled to aceording
to the actual condition of the market without an ex
tended tour of investigation and of diplomatic nrgo-
ations with agents Save yourself the neee-sity of
4 personal search and of useless debates by inseriing
an adv. in THE SUN stating the kind of accommo
dation you want and the approximate location. This
will neeure for you the best terms she market Ras to
oner.— "

Ps OSE de ney

Battery © of the First United States Artil-

 

ULS MINEOLA.

AUGUST BELMONT*S YACHT LOSES HER
TOPMAST BEFORE THE START.

 

 

Protest Lodged Against the Vanderbilt Boat
and the Regatta Committees Disqaalifies
Her—Were to Have Raced on the Sound
—Will Try Again for the Cap on Friday.
The arranged by the Seawanhakae
Corinthian Yacht Club vesterday were marred
by an accident that occurred Just as the Mineola
and Kainbow were going for the line
two yachts, both on the starboard tack, came
and the Mineola Jost her topmast
As arevult of the foul. Mr. Belmont protested,
After the Rainbow had sailed over the course
Mesars, August Belmont and Cornelius Vane
derbilt and their friends from the two yachts
net the members of the Regatta Committee
and gave their versione of the collision, Kach
owuer thought that he was in right and
argued to prove that he was. The session was
a long one, and finally it was decided that the
Rainbow was at fault and the protest of the
Mineola was sustained. The yachts will meet
again for the cup on Friday
lt was a fine duy for a yacht raca The
wind was strong from the north-by-west. It
swept across the Sound and kicked up quite
& sem hkvery wave that from
the Connecticut shore waa covered with white
fuatn and between the waves were holes into
Which the yachts tumbled as they sailed. It
was blowing so hard that coasters were at
or in the many waiting until
storm abated before proceeding oo their
Journey With the exception of the race ol
the Atlantic Yacht Club sailed on last Bature
duy the 7u-tooters have not been seen around
in & hard blow, and yachtsmen were ab-

races

together

the

chased across

 

harbors

her

 

ticlpating a treat.

The Regatta Committee was out early setting
the marks of the course, and as the sea was
running so high, this was a long Jeb The

dors had to be towed carefully or they would

have swamped, The Mineola was the first of
the 70-footers to reach Oyster Bay, She came
up from Hempstead Harbor under Jib and
tmaalnsail The Ruiubow under the same suiis

arrived shortly afterward and then Mr. Belmont
arrived on the Scout and Mr. Cornelius Vander

bilt on the Mirage, They Went ashore at ones
and while waiting for the committee boat to
return discussed the conditions of the contest

‘Lhere was to have been @ race, too, between
the Isvide aud the Astrild, Both boats were on
hand, but FM Hoyt bad promised to sail on the
Rainbow aud to put some of his sailors on that

yucht in order to make up a crew, so he could
bet bandle the Isvide. The Hanan brothers
were ready to race, bul Were just ae Well pleased
that there wus to be ho contest, as the weather
conditions were anything but pleasant

It was alter) o'clock when the Kegatta Com-
mittee went out to the Lae ang the two 7
footera under mainsuils and Jibs, followed.
Rach bad put @ reef in the mainsail and they
were prepared for hard weather The course
over whieh they were to sai was atriangular
oue, eleven and three-quarter mileslong. They
were to go around twice. The first leg, which
was lo Wludward, Was three miles north-northe
weet, The seoond leg was four nules east-
by-north, ana the last leg was four ana three-
quarter miles southweat-by-south,

At 2:10 o'clock came @ preliminary signal
and the two yachts began to get ready for the
race in earnest. Working topsails we
and then when only a few tmoinutes bad
the Mineola ran down to the committee boat
the lug sf S$. Arnott, and Mr. Belmont shouted
that the luff rope of hig matiusail had parted,

“Can you repair?” asked Chairman Wetmore,

“Yes, in ten minutes,” shouted Mr
Belwont,

Mr, Wetmore sald he would delay the start
and signalled w the Rainbow to come near.
Mr, Vanderbilt was told of the accident and
he agreed to the delay, It took longer than
teu ‘nuinutés to make the necessary repauss,
though, aud it Was 2.40 o'clock when the Min-
evla broke out her fore staysail aud thus sig
balling that she was ready when the prepara-
lofy signal Was made

Lite ) ach te Wiew had five minutes to manwuvre

 

rset

  

back

for position, For a couple of minutes they
stood away from the line and then the Kainbow
tacked to starboard and with the wind just

furward of the beam headed toward the dine,
ihe Jiluevla bad sweod ou the port tack in tow.
ard Wie entratice ol tue Larbor, but she tacked
on the lee bow of the Rainbow aud both were
ou Whe starboard tack. From the conunittee
boat it lovewd tuough Capt. Wringe wanted

 

 

 

to work Use Mineola under the stern of the
Katnbow and av get Wie weather position,
LCutortunate.y, however, there was a mise
caleululicn Thetwo yachts came together
lhere Wie @ Tasplug, scraping sound I
hbeomn of the Ruiubow was drawing across
toprmust feather shroud of the \t necla
fle two yachts were travellna fast, too, and

 

were heading toward t western end of the
line, Tie topmast of the Mineola buckled,
hut it stood for @ moment or two and then
just when every one expected that they would

 

  

      

pull cl with no datnage done it snappec
ibout f way trom the top and the eppe4
Happed in the wind, The boom also caught
the head riwwing and the starboard bowsnrit
preader iis bent eo that the yacht was too
crippled to go or All this lippened a few
seconds before the starting signal Phe Rain-
bow as soo 46 the two yachts had pulled clear
hauled on the wind and crossed the line on the
starboard tack. The Mineola also crogsed
a few seconds later, but she had to head tnto
the wind to repair her damage as fara vasible
and then she returned to the harbor, oe ting
a protest flag before she went

The Rainbow continued on her course. It
was blowing hard, but not quite so strong as
early tu the morning There were hard putts

though. and when these struck the yacht she
would lay over and show many feet of her under-

   

     

body. She tacked by the first mark at 8:00°50.
lt had taken 25 minutes and 50 seconds to beat
the three miles. Then with the wind abeam
she reached to the next mark, and in spite
of the rough sea made fast time. She
gybed around the inark at 372425, having
reached the four miles im 28 minutes and 85
seconds. It was a broad reach home. and a
emall jibtopsall Was set for this leg. It took

20 minutes and LL seconds to go the four and
three-quarter miles, and the yacht crossed
the line at 3:53:36. The coniumni(tee stopped her
at the end of the first round and all returned
to the clubhouse. The Rainbow's elapsed time
for the eleven and three-quarter miles was 1
hour 18 minutes and 34 seconds

Mr. Belmont had with him on the Mineola
TiceCommedore KR. P. Doremus of the Atlantic
Yacht ¢ lub With Mr. Vanderbilt on the Rain-

bow was F. M. Hort, owner of the Isolde The
four men met in the clubhouse soon after the
Rainbow had crossed the line and they were

joined there by C. W. Wetmore and Charles A.
Sherman of the Regatta Committee. Mr
Belmont at once stated Lis ground for a pro-
test and wanted the matter settled at once He
contended that the Mineola had tacked on the
Ralnbow’s lee bow and had inet filled away on
the starboard tack. The Rainbow was the
overtaking yacht and, according to the rules,
she should have kept clear of the Mineola, the
yacht which waa being overtaken. Mr. Bel-
mont declared that the Rainbow bore down on

 

the Mineola and caused the foul
Mr, Belmont was asked if the Mineola had not
luffed Hie said it Wes impossible to luff a

yacht In the position the Mineola was in. He
further said the wheel was being rolled hard to
starboard, He thought it nosaible that it the
Rainbow after bearing down had not buffed,
but held her course, she might have cleared the
Mineola, but in luffing when it was too late

her boom «wung over and caught the topinast
shroud of the Mineola,

Mr. Vanderbilt was asked if he agreed with
the details as given by Mr. Belmont, He sai
he did not. He agreed so far as the tacking
of the Minecla under the Rainbow's lee bow
went, but insisted that his boat did not alter
her course. He said that she was close on the
wind, according to the miing of the New York
Yacht Club after the race for the Glen Cove
cups, This ruling, Mr. Wetmore said, the
Beawanhaka Club did not agree with
ud that the Ratnhbow

 

Mr. Vanderbilt ther
was Hot as close as she might have been, but she
had the wind forward of the bewn and Ls

 
  

heading for the western Lof the tine, having
@ few Reoonda to wait before crossing tle was
positive that the Rainbow did not bear down
on the Mineola, and said he thought that the
Mineola luffed.

Mr. Dorenvus was of the sare opinion as Mr,
Relmont and Mr. Hoyt awreed with Mr, Vander.
tilt, It was decided that the Mineola was In

the right and the Rainbow had fortelted al}

rights to the cup and wax d «qualified. The
utmost good feel: g prevailed on both sides
Mr. Belmont telegraphed to Hristo] for a
topmast for the Mineola as soon as he got
ashore

Population of the Cittes,

WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.—-The Census Bureau
has given out the population of the following
cities for LwuU;

Sacramento, Cal, 20,282;
100s per cent

Pueblo, Col., 28,157; Inerease, 8,590, or 14.66
per cent

Butta, Mont., 80,470; Increase, 19,747, or 184.16
per cent

increase, 2,896, or

 

Navy Orders.

WASHINGTON, Sept 18 -—This naval order was
issued to day

Lieut, W. 5. Sima, to home and wait orders on com-
pletion of duly in Paris.

 

 

Street-Cleaning Plants for Richmond and
Queens.

The Counc!l yesterday authorized the estab-

lishment of street-cleaning plants for Rich-
mond and Queens, to ooet $144,649.
4

 

The |

 
     
  
    
 

makes a perfect and delicious brew.
Nearly three quarters of a billion
bottles of this famous brand have

been consumed--a world’s record.
The product of

Anheuser-Busch Brewing
St. Louis, U. S. A.

Famous the world over for its tonic qualities,
recommended by physicians everywhere, is
prepared by this association.

NaltNutine

 

     
     
  

  
   
        
    
   
   

row is opened by a slight outward

If your dealer does not
for asample card. Say

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO.,

AUTOMOBILE RACES THE FEATURE,

A. C, Bostwick’s Gasolene Vehicie Wins Ten-
Mile Event at Tri-State Fatr.

On the onewmile track at Guttenbure, where
formeriy the “selling platers” ran and latterly
bicyclists have raced, the first automoblie races
ona track in the vicinity of New York were held
yesterday, It was the first day of the Tri-State
foir and the automobiles were the chief feature
of the show. Motor vehicles of about every
size and style contested, In addition to this
there were trapeze and slack wire exhibitions,
a dow circus, and Fitzsirnmons and Jeff Thorn
gave an imitation of afake boxing bout, Alter
the races between the swift and noisy motor
machines were overa jockey on a running horse,
a driver in a sulky behind a pacer and a couple
of policemen on bieycles circled the track and
the 4,000 apectators seemed to be pleased,

There were In all seven races, one walk-over,
a braking competition and a manipulation
contest. The dirt track was in fair condition
for the races of the pneumatio,tired vehicles
This was demonstrated by the time of 1 minute
°7 4-5 seconds belng made for the last mile

of the ten-mile race by the gasolene racer of

4. C. Bostwick. A record for five miles was
made by Bostwick in 4 five-mierace—7 minutes
and 43 1-5 second ‘The next best record to

this {s that of W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr., who sent
his ractng machine five miles {ns minutes and
84 seconds on We half-mile track at Newport
The machines were classified in the various
events according to their kind of motor power,
gasolene, steam or electricity, but the five-mile
races were wou by margina of fro 200 yards
There waa only one cl

 

me finish

to one mile
during the day and tl
steam vehicles, in whit
and one style competed
The Interest of the knowing ones of the Auto-

> whe ih ah event tor

1; four of one make

mobile Club of America, under the rules and
auspices of which the races were run, centres
in the contest between the big French muciues
of A. C. Bostwick and D. Wolfe Bishop and
the American electric machine of A. Ll. Riker.

Bostwick’s racer was & 2i-horse power affair,
weighing nearly 8,000 pounds, that he bought
for $12,000 The Rishop vehlele was one of
1f-horse power, of the same make, that welghed
20) pounds and for which Bishop paid

000 in

   

Paris. The Kiker machine, made in this city
was the same one that won the fifty mile road
race ob Long Islaid last spring It wel
2.300 pounds, but ite owner refuses inf

tin of its batterfes and thet: c}
They got away, with twick first, Bishop

 

second and Rikerthird. At the half mile Riker
crept up, overtook and passed the others and
finished the first lap of a mile filty yards in the
lead. Then just after be passed the stand
his batteries were short circuited and the ma
chine came to @ stop ina cloud of blue «moke
atthe outer edge of thetrack. Bostwick gained
steadily on Bish »p and ut the end of the ten
miles was a litde more than seven furlongs
abead. W. L. Hibbard, who
sleain runabout to start in this race, snapped
his chain in trying to get under way

All the other races were at five mies each and
the conditions required two men in each vehicie,

excepting only the tricycles built for one. In
the race for steam vehicles four runabouts
started. Stewart and Hibbard finished go
nearly abreast that to many it looked like a

dead heat, but the judges gave their decision
10 Stewart After passing the tape the boy ac-
companying Hibbard, who lune over the side
to steady the machine in the turna, lost his foat-
hold and was dragwed fifty yards with his body

dangling infront of the rear wheel. He pluckily
kept hold with his hends until the machine
stopped, and escaped injury

In the *trievele contest, with four starters,

 

  

CoS. Henshaw, the former eycle racer, worn ti
more than a mile, beeause he had a machi

of 4 or 6 horse power against two others of 24,
and one of 2% Phe race for the light gasolene
affal dled quadri les Was a pretty one to
look at, but the machine of © J) Pleld was of
superior horse power, and ft won by three
ouarters of a mile The event for big waso-
line machines barred those of forelen make
and the conse ce was that. Bostwick fine

ished third, a few vards behind I

Nagel and
half a mile behind r Alt

Walsh, the winner. After

from
Dyspepsia and the
intensified horrors of

Insomnia by taking

SAMPLE SENT ON
APPLICATION TO

Brunswick

Pharmacal! Co.,
New Brunswick, N. J.

THE EMBARRASSMENT

of a gaping waist or placket is never experienced by a
woman who uses the

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

THE HOOK OF 1900

It cannot come unfastened till the wearer desires, and then a whole

The secret is in the small steel spring that holds the eye fast.

lined up with a |

Johnson’s Digestive

Tablets (Papoids)

 

the acknowledged
King of Bottled
Beers, possesses
every element that

Ass'n

pull on the hook side of the garment.

keep them, send 10 cts,
whether white or black.

377 Broadway, N. Y. City.

Bea

Ritch
Wag
O' firf
Wilt
Zimet

New
Firs
lefia
on bal
By
mort,
Doubt
Selba
—Will
Hawle

— en der

URBANA WINE SOMPANY,
URBANA. N.Y.

PHI
frated
Newt
he ea

 

the races about the track came the stopping

he
|

test, and it made the crowd gapé tofjsee the infun
bie machines stop in twenty feet when going I
‘at neurly full speed. The winner was C. K
| Stock bridges } ,hom
Many of the chaffeurs drove without goggle Slagle,
lor hoods, espectally the younger set. Pre- beth

| liminary to the races there was a parade, ia paige,
|} which thirty odd vehfeles of all kind« parth i- M'Farh
pated. The prize for the best appearing mae- Dolan,
chine went to Ro M. Barwise of New York, and ro

the prize for the best decoration went to b. « r
Goodwit and Miss Menken. Suromaries:

 

   

 

 

\ Gasoline Vehicl four wheels, American made >
| five miles~Won by T. Walsh New York F. Nage! Philade
New York, second: A.C. Bostwlek, New York, third Cineing
Time by miles, 2142-5. 4:18 3-5, 6148-5, 6:13 4-5 First
4:5 efton
tiasoltre ehieles, four wheels, of lesa than 1,009 base oO
1 ds. any make miles-Won by C. J. Ftel out—B
w York; | ( n. New York, second; J. La beck!
veguer, New York 4:¢.8 Henshaw, HMrookl base s—
fourth. Time, 2:85 4:46. 7:008-8 0:1048,11:43 4 Htt by
asoline Vebd of more than 1,000 pounds, any lard, 2
’ ke. five miles on by A. ©. Hostwick, New Yor and io
1). Wolfe Bishop, Newport seeind Mime, 1:48 4-
| 3:12 4-8: 4:43 2 @ 1825 45 1-5

Mricycles, any kind; Ave miles—Won by C.S Hen- Rost

 

 

   

shaw y J. Lauvemuer, New York, secor after th
Stanley Ko Atkinson New York, third ‘lime, 1.54 aferch
} 3:842-5, 8:38 4-8, 6518-5, 8:74.45 effectiv
Flectrie Vehicles iv kind: five miles—Walkover of the
for A 1. Riker. Time not takeg
Steam Vehicles, four worels. five miles—Won ly
W. J. Stewart, Newark, WoL. Hibbard, Bridgepor:,
| second; S Davis. New York. third: S. Hustoo, Hamih
| Newark, fourth. Time, 2.02, 4:16 3-5, 6:46, #15165 Long,
lisa Stan,
| ‘ plonship,”’ open to first and second prir Tenney,
winters in tt preceding events, except the first ! Collin
| r tricycles: ten miles Worn by A.C. Bostwiek Duty,
| N ork; J. Wolfe Bishon Newport. second, Tin Lowe,
1:46, 3:20 4-8, 4:48, 7:47, 9:18 48, 104468 Suiliva
} 12:12 8.5, 18:41 2.8. 18:90 1.8 Pitting

lirahe manipulation test tostop im ahortest space

after a given signa'—Won by C. R Stoekdrid Tota

| Newark: CS, Henshaw, Brooklyn, seeo d: D. Wolfe Boston
Hishop Newport third Chleago
Obstacle race, open to all excent bieyeles and tar Lett
dems and no pedal assistance to be @iven, test being hits—Le
to pass to Shortest time between piaced obj t) wit Tenne
Out disturbing them— Won by D. Wolf Bishop, New naey

Unger,
ningha
mick 4
pitched
hou rs

pork

Nows of the Wheelmen,

Boston, Se; t. 18 — Harry E ke- backed up his
reputation ard showedthat hisde’eat last we
| had not taken the starch out of him, when he
won the hour race from Johnnie Nelson in t
reefor the cho mpionsthly
rk to-nivht. Elk
while Nelson rode
es inthe hour. It was ver)
ind spectators alike felt t!

first of a series oft
at Charles River P
and 722 yards,

es and 150 yar

covere t
45 miles
34m
riders

na
Sept. 18

cold, and
seen olightw
WORCESTER Crippled and maimed
from at rec tvedin the wo ke-out recedit
mateh race with Jimnie Micha Wit Sit
of Cambridge won the twenty-mile mot
paced match rac defeating the ittle Wels
man by ei; t Roth of. Miehuel's pa it
teams we ne. and Mi caf w
| foroed to the end of the fl
mp oof the mile. He was ¢t
ibout and eoing w
| the time was necessarily slow owing to Btin-
| ms eondition Ihe time for the twent
mi es Was 36 minutes 18 2-5 seconds

 

|
|
|
les
wr
juit at

twelfth
haif a lay behiid

contract
and om
Closes
ene

tile tot

the horrors of

NATION
St. Louf

Harvor
Worcester

afternoon
Larned t
the right
the challe
ween the
The score
Champid
arned be
beat Hus
Hussey, 6

Semi-fir
4 ‘ones
6-3, 6.1

Final F

4,6

NewPo
Malxed do
Dis yed ty

) te BI
ana
Man and
Sands, 4