owen
Dy

of silver ateixteen to one independent
of the aotion of any other Govern-

Sun. j ment, The free silver candidate's dec-

— | larations on this subject leave no

2 eee ‘ 0 / doubt of his unchanged purpose to degrade
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, sec m the dollar and to destroy American credit,
: = He even goes so far as to mention the
hope he entertains that the majority in
the Senate for honest money will be
| reversed either as the result of the com-
900 | ing elections, or in consequence of the
70 | elections to be held in 1902, With a Demo-
cratic House of Representatives elected
along with a Democratic President month
after next, the way would then be clear for
Bryan to redeem his reiterated and une-
quivocal pledge
That he would do tt, that his party would
do it, can any one doubt? At the first op-
portunity for financial Jegislation, every
false pretence of paramount concern about
the source of power, or the dangers of mili
Bryan Crooked and Bryan Straight. | ¢arism, or the illegal character of all private
monopolies, would drop to the flgor like a
discarded domino,

 

——_—
Sabecriptions by Mail Postpatd.

 

DAILY, pet MOMm&B...ccerereees ”
DAILY, per Yeer... ‘
BUNDAY, pet Year. .crerrecccerccree
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year.

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month

Postage to foretgo countries added
Tee Gun, New York Olty.

 

 

PARIs—-Kiosque No if, near Grand Hotel, and

Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
peblication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for tha! purpose

 

 

Bryan's letter Is so full of shallow suplis-
tries, callow artifivialities and affectations
of phrase, and self-evident absurdities, that
{t is impossible to tackle them all, one after
another, within reasonable limits of space
Everybody knows already what ideas and
purposes BRYAN represents. The main in-
terest of this dooument is in the additional
light it throws on the oharacter of the man
who asks to be elected President for the
betterment of the nation’s affairs; on the
quality of his mind; ou the sinoerity or in-
winoerity of his heart.

Let ve take in illustration a few of the
@eneral propositions he is so fond of pre-
paring an! parading. first on Trusts:

“A priva'e tnonopoly has always been an outlaw.’

On the contrary, private monopoly has
always been recognized and protected by
Jaw. The Constitution itself gives ‘ongress
the power to seoure to certain persons ex-
olusive rights. Congress has exer: ised this
power in the matter of patents and of copy
right sinoe the beginning of our Govern-
ment. A bureau of private monopoly 1s
one of the branches of the Interior Depart-
ment. The Federal Courts are expressly
entrusted by law with the judicial protec
tion of private monopoly

“No defence can be mide of an industrial system in

men, can contr for thelr own |

The Immediate Issue.

The Maryland Honest Money League,
the first association of Gold Democrats

the campaign of 1900, It was and ts com-
and the professions tn the State. They are
not the kind of men to be humbugged by
the Democratio sham battle against im-
perialiam
{asue is the same jn 1900 as it was in 1806,
One of the resolutions passed by the League
puts clearly and correctly the distinction be-
tween the remote and the instant question

form of government it may be desired wo 0
bin the new possessions, by either the Bryan
by the @) @:lled imperialists, cannot be com
pleted In one Presidential term nor even advanced
beyond revail Hut BRYAN, in one day of his term,
ean destroy our preseut financial system, bring on 4&
panic, ruin our credit and stop the march of industrial
progress, now halted, merely awaiting notice of bis

 

ites or

defeat”

The election of BRYAN would cause vast
loss and disturbance to business, It would
injure millions of persons, It would harin
| the national credit and stain the natlonal
It would make us a nation of re-

few

which one, or a ; at OF anions
— ee pudiators In the sight of the world.

Unde: be industrial system established Is it worth while to bring about these
by the Constitution and by law, one man or ; things through fear o! imaginary dangers
fi ny have controlled for their own from the Philippines? There the restora-
' » output or price of cotton gins, tion of order is the work to be done and
a iachines, stove-lid handles, aad in- any form of government must be tentative
1 rible articles of merchandise serving and ternporary, Remembering how  lei-
the conv nience or necessities of the commu- surely has been the political development
lity. Lhe difference between these private of Alaska, in a generation, why should

anybody be hot to settle the political future

nopolies and the alleged ‘‘ monopolies ”
nope mt « : of the Philippines offhand?

which BRYAN has in mind is that the latter
enjoy no such protection against competi-
tive production as the laws extend to the
former. If they are really monopolies, they
have become #o by the unaided exercise of
the qualities which bring success in any line
of business; superior energy, enterprise
and inventiveness in the matter of methods,
In their case no law granting exclusive
rights blocks the way of the intending com- much a move there has been a deolded
petner. difference of opinion among representative
‘ —— - ‘= ceca S pat men — | Unionist newspapers, but Mr
Saneie, i fehows tha ae cmnalnden - By: people are | LAIN, who favors it, seems to have had
not only excluded from the benefits, but are the help his way
less victims of every monopoly organised. * * * I The present Parliament, which was
shall recommend such additional le@isiation an may elected in 1808, has still before {t two yeara
be necessary to dissolve every private monopoly

of its statutory septennial term, but, aceord-

ing to the majority of precedente, it would
not be permitted to survive the expiration

The Approaching General Election
in Great Britain.

According to a telegram from London,
which we printed yesterday, Parliament
will be dissolved on the 25th of this month,
and a new general election take place In
October Concerning the expediency of

Then Bryan should begin by attacking
and overthrowing the private monopolies

which are not merely permitted by law, | of its sixth year. The Parliament, for
but created and guaranteed and safe- {nstanee, which came into being in 1848 |
guarded by law. He should go first of all | was not dissolved untfl 1874, and its suoc-

for the repeal of the statutes providing | oeaaor lasted until 1880. Inasmuch as at
for exclusive property rights in patents. | the opening of the present House of Com-
His earliest Constitutional amendment | mons, the Unionists had a majority of 150,
should be the obliteration of the eighth | q majority but slightly, if at all, weakened
clause of Section 8 of Artiole 1. Having | py subsequent by-elections, !t seema at
accomplished that, he may properly turn | the first glance surprising that they should
his attention to those leaser forms of | gongent to face the trouble and expense
private monopoly which are not directly | of a general contest at the ballot box at
created by law. Thus he will be making | Jeast a twelvemonth before custom would
long progresson the road to absolute Soc- call upon them to do so. Mr, ORAMBER-

faliem, | parn, however, and some other Untonist
Again politicians fear that a widespread reaction
does against the Salisbury Government will he

 

The Democratle party °* ° ° protest
against corporations entering polltios and attempting | aquaed eventually by the recent disclosure
to assume oontrol of the instrumentalitirs of govern. | “
ment

of grave defects in
avetem, both at home and tn India, and
if this mean anything, it is apparently | they deem it imprudent to give their oppo-
directed against the corporation known as ‘
" a. s nents a year in which to arouse public
the Society of Tammany or Columbian Or- ‘
opinion the subject. They think it
der: but we are not sure that such was Mr, : he © hil
Bavan's intention wiser to go to the country while the pre-
ate ; ponderant feeling ts one of elation at Lord
ee of ealling in the army © | RonERTa's aticcess and the apparent ter-
ee ro
eee mination of the war in South Africa. We
This ia deliberately dishonest. Mr
BRYAN knows as well as any man that the
military arm of the United States Govern-
ment has never been extended, and never
will be extended, to settle any labor quea-

on

warfare continues, and minor reverses
may, at any hour, he eneountered by the
British forces, Lord Ronerts has formally

| proclaimed the annexation of the Trans-

tion, Troops have been used, and will be | yaa), as well as of the Orange Free State
used, only to suppress mob violence | and President Krtorr is a fugitive

which local authorities cannot control, There is another reason for holding the | o¢ vitude,”
or to enforce the laws of the United | general election before the close of October oe ne

reaffirms the demand for the free coinage | porters of Lord SaLissury,

THE SUN,

maintains
, that the policy of a “Khaki” general
election would be objectionable, even
| should It succeed, because it would involve
| the perversion of a memorable event in
British history to mere partisan purposes,
and would result in another huge Minis-
terial majority at a juncture when It seems
' to sober-minded men that a huge majority
| is @ national calamity.

| Moreover, the National Review is by
no means certain that the Untontst
majority will be increased. What would
happen, it asks, in Manchester, or even

in Birmingham, on the day of the poll
if, on the previous day, some Boer com-
mander should have captured a detachi-
ment of Manchester or Birmingham men?

And, again, who knows that the Liberals

may not be able to put forward as many
“Khaki” candidates as the Conservatives?’
As a matter of fact, the only politician
yet in the fleld with uny serlous “ Khaki "
claims 1s the Radical candidate for New-
castle-on-Tyne -Capt. Hepworth LAMB-
TON, the commander of the naval brigade,
who brought his men and guns to Lady-
amith in the nick of time, and, go it is al-
leged, at the riak of a court-martial If
“ Khaki ” emotion {s to be a potent factor
in the ooming election, how could even

for the purpose of fighting res ae Conservatives refuse to support such &
money in 1896, has been reorganized for) ja ndidate? Nor is Capt. Lampton the

only Liberal who has gained distinction

posed of the chief Dernoorate in business | 4, gouth Africa. The woods are full of

them, and the Liberal managers are quite
shrewd enough to make use of them.
We presume, however, that, in spite of

They know that the cardinal | ,..4), gloomy prognostioations, the National

Review, itself, believes that the Unionists

| are certain to return a considerable majority

| to
| they will do with it 4 the question that wor-

Should
|

|

|
|

 

the next House of Commons. What

of the party
overwhelming,
next

members

be

the wisest
the majority
the Salisbury Government
to nothing in the way of regenerating Pog
land's military systern instituting a
stalwart defence of her preponderant com-
mercial interesta inthe Far Fast. In that
event, the downfall of the Unionists at a
later date would be assured. ‘That is why

ries

may do

and

} not a few of Lord SALisBury's supporters
| not only surmise but hope that the outcome

of a new general election at this time may
fall considerably short of Mr. CHAMBER-

LAIN'& expectations

Political Equality and Social Equality

The Times of Richmond complains that
Tar Sun has misrepresented its opinion
by saying that it thinks “ regard for material
interests is a base consideration in politics!’

“The Times does that
thing else in life worth considering besides dollars
and cents For Instance, the Times entirely shares
in the feeling of the Southern people that they will Tet
everything perish before they will submit to having
he social equality of negroes forced upon them in
taelr homes, ‘The Times gives all due respect to the
ollar, but it does not set it up as an fdul to be wor

belleve there |is some

| suipped The Times knows and fully appreciates
however, the Importance of property to civilization
and it knows and understands that we can have no

| improvement in civilization unless property ts given

}

CHAMBER- |

|

|
|

the British military |

absolute protection. It ts for this reason the Times

 

ET

sticks so tenacious!s to the gold standard and clamors |

so incessantly for the preservation of law and order
Cherecan be no accumulation of property wort
speaking of without all these, and there can be neo
advances in national life tinieas the nation advances
in the accumulation of propert

These are the Times's fundamental propositions
and its editorial columns hare at all times bristled
with arguments for these propositions and no line
has ever knowingly gone tnto them that was at ta-
riance with these propositions . THE St, therefore,
misrepresented the Témes when (t said thatthe Times
believes ‘regard for material interests is a base con
sideration tn polities,’ and lt ts under obligation to
set us right before (ts readera”

Nothing is more unjustifiable and more
injudieious than an effort to misrepresent
the position of your adversary and from
nothing do we more carefully abstain
remark to which the Richmond paver takes
exception was called out by its saying
that ‘‘the Southern people are governed
by higher considerations than their in-
terests As it puts its case above,
however, does it not again lay itself open
to the accusation of which it complains?
Jt subordinates @ great national question,
which it recognizes to be of fundamental
importance, to a local condition, and rele-
gates it to a comparatively base infe-
riority. It is opposed strenuously and
most intelligently to Bryantsm, yet it is
supporting Bryanism, though why the
Southern people" are obliged to invite
financial ruin in order to avoid having the
“social equality of the negroes forced on
them in their homes” is undisooverable br
a reasonable mind.

Neither can BRYAN prevent nor McKINLEY

say apparent, because, although guerrilla compel auch equality, and there is no propo-

sition made in any quarter that it shall
be introduced or ought to be Introduced,
The Constitution of the United States come
mands that throughout the Union there
shall be political equality, without refer-
ence to “race, color or previous condition
and upon the citizenship

thus established depends our political

States and safeguard the free opera-| which so astute @ man as !s the Seoretary equilibrium. It says nothing, however

tion of Federal functions. If BRYAN does | gor the Colonies is not likely to overlook,
not know that, he can obtain the confirma- | The registration lists are made up in Soot-
tion from the Hon, RicHarRD OLNEY, the
Demooratio Attorney-General by whose ad- | yon. 1 in eaoh year, and if at any time dur-
vice the forces of the United States were | tng the subsequent twelvemonth a voter
60 employed at Chicago tn 1804

‘There will be a popular acquiescence tn the de. | he was registered, he loses his vote.

mand for home nda Terriwrial form of Govern
mentin Alaska and Porto Rieo Hoth are entitl
to local eelf government and representation in Con
Eress

And ff that is so as a matter of principle
a Territorial and

   

need not point out that, besides the oon-
tinual migration of agricultural laborers
from rural districts to the cities and towns,
operatives in every kind of industry are
wont to move from place to place in search
representation in Congress for Guam; and | of work, or from one precinct to another,

for Alaska and Oklahoma and Hawaii the | in the hope of securing lower rente. It
repeal of every Federal law imposing taxes ; has been computed that, in consequence
of these facts, a large fraction of the toiling

in the form of excises which are not uniform
throughout the United States. Mr. Bryan millions in Great Britain are disfranchised,

{a either wrong in his denial of the power of
Congress to legislate for the territorial pos {s made toward the close of a registration
seasiona of the United States or he does not | vear, and tt is undisputed that the loss
go half far enough. j of votes thereby incurred affecta almost

“When the doctrine that the people are the only | °*' lusively the Liberal party, or rather

aoures of power ia made eecure from further attack ' the Radical section thereof
we ean safely proceed to the settlement of the er | of the disability thus brought about upon

 

form of Government

ouR questions whieh Involve the domestic and eco | the existing situation is obvious enough,
nomie welfare of our ettiren If a new general election shall take place,

Thie is Brvyax's latest way of for- | let is say on Oct. 1, workmen in Scotland
mulating the issue which he styles im will have had eleven months, and in England

perialism and declares to be paramount and Wales nine months, in which to obey

What ‘people are the souree of power? | the promptings of the migratory impulse
The negroes in ‘the South, who were | That is an advantage which, in Mr. Caam-
governed as slaves when JEFFERSON | RFRLAIN'S view, it would be stupid wo |

apurr

On the other hand, there are not wanting
{influential members of the Unionist party

wrote Brran's favorite maxim concerning
the “consent of the governed,” Jerrrrson
himself olaiming proprietary righta in some

of these human beings? Or does Bryan | who oppose a dissolution of Parliament
mean the emancipated necroes of the pres at thia time on the very grounds upon
ent time, invested with the rights of citizen. | whieh Mr CHAMRBPRLATIN advocates the
ship, but governed, nevertheless, without | meaeure 4 verdiet secured from

their consent by Vir. Bryas 8 Demoeratic people under such circurastances, they say
friends and supporters’ Or doos he would savor of a snap judgment, and will
the Indians of the tribes. or the { the ] lease rather than enhance, the ioral

Alaskan archipelas Who has
tacked the doetr
only source of
altacked?

Now for BRYAN the Straight

The financial part of his letter squarely

weight of the Government hereafter, when
wonle are the | it will have to deal with the problems pre-
when sented by the reform of England's military
aystem and by the orisis in China. The
london National Review, for

refer to |
Aleuts
ever at |

ine that ther

power and was if

whenever an appeal to the constituenctes | phim

the | is really dune to that impossibility

instance, | as relatively base, what can we call it?
though {it ts one of the stanchest sup-| it is the more astonishing because the

about “ social equality” for anybody, blacks
or whites, for no law oan establish that.

| :
land from Noy. 1, and in Fmgland from Neither at the South nor at the North is

there “soctal equality,” though in both
under the Constitution and the laws there

| moves from the electoral precinct {tn which is and must be political equality and equality
We | before the law.

“Social equality of negroes” cannot
come to the South or to any other part of
the Union until and unless the white people
grant it of their own motion, If they do
not choose to associate with negroes on
equal social terms neither the negroes
nor any law any party can pass can compel
them to do it. You ean’t force a man by
law to invite another to dinner or to ex-
change social courtesies of any sort with
rhat {s a matter for individual pref-
erence and decision. Social equality can
only be eatablished by social consent, never
by State law. But the State can and does
decree political equality The vote of the

Phe bearing | hymblest citizen is aa potent as the vote

of the proudest leader of wealth and fashion
That equality brings with it no
equality here at the North even in the case
of white men, and how can it compel social
equality with the negroes at the South,
marked out for social exclusion as they are
by reason of their color and their previous
condition of servitude?

When, therefore, this Richmond paper
ia ready to “let everything perish” by op-
posing honesty and law and order, on the
plea that the destruction ia necessary to
prevent the “ soctal equality of the negroes "
at the South, we have too much respect
for its reason to believe that its violence
Act-
| ually it is working for the overthrow of

the gold atandard and to destroy law and

order by supporting Bryan, though it de-
clares that it “ sticks so tenaciously to the
gold atandard and clamors so incessantly
for the preservation of law and order.’

If that is not sacrificing the one to the other

And

social

The |

 

 

sacrifice is of the actual for the purely
fictitious,

The emancipation of the negroes and
their admission to citizenship have brought
to them no more social equality at the
South than has their enfranchisement at
the North, arid oan never bring tt unless
white people of their own free will accord
it. The election of Mr. McKiyiey would
no more contribute to it than the election
of Mr. Bryan. It is not a possible practical
issue of this campaign and cannot be of
any other By taking away the franchise
from the negroes in defiance of the Con-
stitution the Southern white people no
more prevent it than the negroes have
acquired {t under the Constitution. The
Southern whites are now no more obliged
to associate with the negroes on terms of
social equality than they were in the days
of slavery. ‘The Southern whites have no
more reason to fear it now than they had
then, for socially attitude to the
negroes [s purely voluntary

Perhaps the Kichmond paper will dispute
this by saying that negroes have been
appointed Federal officeholders; but why
are you compelled to be on terms of social
equality with @ man who serves you as @
Postmaster, for instance, any more than
with a man who drives your carriage?
Officeholders, whether black or white,
are public servanta and the only relations
you are obliged to have with them are as
such. Why should you resent receiving
a letter froma black hand at the post office
any more than from a black hand in your
own house?

\jl this ig. so unreasonable that we would
not reflect on the intellectual capacity of
our Riehimond contemporary by venturing
to accept its talk about negro soclal equality
as the real motive of the bitterness of feel-
ing it displays We should regard it as
offering an insult to its reason to believe
that actually it supports the silver standard
when it is convinced of the absolute necea-
sity of the gold standard, on the obviously
absurd ground that the triumph of ailver
is essential to prevent an {mpossible “ soctal
equality of Now, what really
is its animating mrotive?

their

negroes

 

In the Coal Fields,

Fight years ago a President was elected
tothe inflammatory ery that the protective
tariff was “robbery,” the robbery of the
many for the benefit of thefew. The coun-
try was splendidly prosperous; but, started
by sudden explosion of demagogy
and reénforced by the savage passions
of the Homestead riots, a wave of enmity
against the well-to-do swept the Republican
ticket off the fleld

The disaster which followed that
break of fanaticism, too deeply felt to need
description, has been more than repaired
during the three years in which the enter-
prise born of sobriety and confidence has
had its opportunity under the MeKinley
Administration, We are again in
midst of a Presidential election, the country
being industnally strong and growing
hevond all its precedents. ‘This time the
Democratic party, knowing itself to be
defeated upon its issue of free silver, and
faiing in its attempt anti-Re
publican prejudice by the bogus issue of
imperialism, takes the desperate chanoe
of driving voters frantio by getting up a
great labor war.

They have forced a strike in the coal
mines. From peacefulness, which as usual
marke the bezinning, they will, if they can,
goad it on to bloodshed, hoping as a last
hope to carry their candidate into the White
House through the craze of another Home-

this

out-

the

to spread

stead,

\ tew days after BRYAN was chosen
at Kansas City Tak Sun said that, failing
the return of enough gold Democrats, or
the success of imperialism as a paramount
issue, the Democrats would as a last Te-
source attempt, with Bryan carrying the
torcb, ‘to rouse the rage against wealth

and social order.” They are at at.

Idleness, misery, perhaps riot provoked |

to elect the Populist agitator of the Platte
President of the United States!
it won't work,

The Government of the Philippines.

The Administration policy for govern-
ing the Philippines ts explained by these
extracts from the President's letter to the
Secretary of War, published yesterday,
intended as instruction for the Taft Com-

mission:

“ As long as the insurrection continues the military
arm must necessarily be supreme But there is no
reason why steps should not be taken from time to
time to inaugurate governments essentially popular
in their form as fast as tereitory is held and controlled

by our troops.”

“ You will instruct the Commission to devote their
attention in the first instance to the establishment
of municipal governments, in which the natives of
the tslands, both In the cittes and in the rural com-
munities, shall be afforded the opportunity tomanage
their own local affairs to the fullest extent of which
ther are capable.”

 

“The Commission should bearin mind that the
government which they are establishing (s designed
not for our satisfaction, or for the expression of our
theoretical views, but for the happiness, peace and
prosperity of the people of the Philippine Islands, and
the measures adopted should be made to conform to
thelr customa, their habits, and even their prejudices,
to the fullest extent consistent with the accomplish-
ment of the indispensable requisites of Just and ef
fective government”

All these measures for the ultimate ele-
vation of the Filipinos {nto a law-abiding
and self-governing community are founded
upon “the provisions of the Treaty of
Paris " and upon “ the principle of our own
Government.” We therefore guarantee
to the Filipino the security in his person,
property and occupation which is guar-
anteed to the citizens of the United States
under the Bill of Rights as it is found in the
American Constitution

This is what the Bryanites, in their search
fora mask for free silver, call‘ imperialism."
The mask is too thin to conceal anything.
“Imperialism "can hide neither the justice
of the Administration's policy in the Phil-
ippines nor the enormity of free silver.

 

It was a melancholy fate that met the Panama
hats in the general smash-up of straw head-
wear on the Stock Exchange on Sept. 16
and subsequently. These unique and artistic
products should be left at home on the annual
occasion for celebrating the close of the summer
season, There is nothing in the tenets of
Poor Richard's Almanac that can be urged
to justify making a football of these fine
though somewhat monotonous hata Why
it takes three or four months of assid-
uous labor in the small and humid hours
between midnight and eunrise to turn ont
one of examples of these products.
Fancy the erie! of the gifted PALMA, an other-
wise bumble Ecuadorian, whois said to have
plaited the finest straw hats ever produced, if
he had seen one of his masterpieess such as he
sold to NAPOLRON ITT and Marshal MacManon
for 1,0 0 francs each, scooting over the floor of
the Stock Exchange, or reduced to pulp under
the heels of irreverent brokers. Anyway, the
eacrifice of the Panamaa, to make a sportive

the teat

WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19,

a gp
i

Asa game |

 
   

1900.

hour, may be taken as another filustration of
the unexampled prosperity of the country.

By the way, why should they be called Pan-
ama bats’? Panamanever had anything to do
with them exoept asa distributing point in ths

  

 

 

—————————————

trade. ‘They are plaited in Central America and |

Colombia but the chief centre of the industry ts
in Manavi Provines, Ecuador, where they orle-
{nated nearly three centuries ago and where
the finest straw hats in the world are still made,
If they were called Mavavi hate, the name
would be historically correct and not misiead-
ing like the present appellation.

If Atlanta is to progress during the neat decade ft
must be through the ald of her business men. wil
they give it? Atlanta Consitutton

Not if they follow your advice and vote for
RYAN,

Yhe sad death of Capt. McQuisToNn of the
Fourth Infantry, reported by Gen, MACABTHLUK
op Monday, will reveive undoubtedly @ search
{ng investigation. According to the report,
Capt. McQuision, who with his company was
garrisoning @ post in the Philippines, becatie
insane and attacked his men, who finally ta
self-defence shot and killed him. With some
changes of detail, the story reproduces Mr
Kreina’s * ln the Matter of a Private” very

closely

Would not this same party (the Republican) make
an empire of this republic tf it ever has the
opportunity’ Indlanapolts Seniine!

Is there really any map, woman or cbild in
Indiana, outside of the institutions for idiots
and feeble-minded persons, who can be made
to believe that the Republican party wants
an empire?

 

The present daily consumption of water in
Manhattan borough is 258,000,000 gallons and
{n the borough of The Bronx 20,000,000 gallons.
Ret ween 1800 and 1900, as shown by the census
returns of the recent June enumeration, the
population of Manhattan borough ine reased
80 per cent, and that of The Bronx 127 per cent
Most of the territory of The Bronx is on higher
ground than New York and those seeking resi-
dence there give their preference to the higher
elevations The result is that there has been
f water shortage in this section of New York,
the supply of which is separate from that of
Manhattan. The houses on high grounds in
the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth wards
andthe higher stories of buildings have suffered
this summer from dearth of water supply and
diminishing pressure .

The Department of Water Supply has formu-
lated as a temporary remedy the construction
of a water main to connect the Croton Aqueduct

with the central and lower portions of the
borough of The Bronx, which was approved
by the Board of Public Improvements some

months ago. Meanwhile The Bronx residents
complain that danger from fire
the health of the neighborhood is threatened
and that many cases of illness are traceable
to this source. The water in the Williarns-
bridge reservoir is sixteen feet lower than
last vear owing to the partial drought this sum-
mer, and the rapid growth of the district. In
1880 the population of The Bronx district waa
In 1890, it was 88,085. This year itis

besides the

45,000

200,507

 

If President BRYAN shall have members of the
Supreme Court to nominate, he can be relied on to
appoint jurists who will, fn doubtful cases, construe
the laws in favor of itberty and the rights of the
people. —Grand Ra tda Lemocrat.

Such “jurists,” for example, as ALTGELD and
Chief Justice Dos7vEen of Kansas, who holds that
the rights of the userof property are superior to
those of the owner

This remarkable argument can be pulled
out of the hazy and contradictory explanations
given by professed friends of honest money

who have gone over to BRYAN

‘The Republican treatment of
not perfect They
better, There is ground for the
suspicion that, inside the Republican party
there is still some recalcitrant and unmanage-
able, possibly insincere, influence. We feel
ourselves justified, therefore, in championing
the open champion of repudiation

Are they spiteful and crooked-minded little
children who appeal to this notion? Nota bit
of it. They are serious men, but queer

the money
question is might have
q

done even

  

Mr. Croker'’s Insait to Barbers and Walters.

 

TO THE EDITOR oF THE SUN—Str In THR
SUN today Mr. Croker states that he knows how
“barbers and walters’ and “all men of that character

intend to vote, Does he claim that “barbers and
waiters’ are in a class by themselves, either superior
or inferior intellectually to men in other walks of
life? The barber whom I have employed for a num
ber of years, a German, is an enthusiastic Meiiniey
and Roosevelt man and in the shop where he ts em
ployed and where there are at least a doren other bar
bers there ts not a Bryan voter to be found. If] were
a barber or a walter | should protest most vigorously
at being thus classified as something possessing

 

 

M'KINLEY GOES 10 WASHINGTON.

Goes to Attend to Chinese Affairs Which Are
of Great Bulk and Some Importance.

CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 18. President Meckin-
ley accompanied by Seeretary Cortelyou left
for Washington soon after 2 o'clock, He was
at the station nearly an hour before that time,
the regular train being delayed by a4 small
freight around which it had to transfer, ble
spent the time in the special car assigned to
him, where two impromptu receptions were
held. About a score of Methodist preachers
on their way to the East Obio Conference af
Youngstown were waiting for the train at the
and prevailed upon the President's
pastor, the Rev, Dr C. BE Matichester, to take
them to the ear and introduce them Lustead
of greeting them on the platform, the President
invited them into the car, shook hands with

elation

each one and sald a few words They were
svarvely out of the car whe commer jul tras-
ellers to nearly the same number about the

| not be lost

station presented themselves aod obtatne doa
like reception

Che President ex pects
Saturday It was sald just before lis depart
ure that the Chinese business, whieh is callttue
him back to the capital, is not of a startithe
hature, butot heavy volume. it was also sald
that while none of the Cabinet members had
been requested to meet the President at Wash
ington, enough of them had inteuded to return
tothe capital withinaday ortwo to make with
those now there a sufficient number for an Ihe
formal conterence on matters that may be open
for discussion.

Telegrams announcing the President's in-
tended departure kept away the political callers
that otherwise would have been here to-day
There were a few visitors who were seeking
personal favors and quite a large number of
pect le to pay their respecte, The President
a again in excellent health, It was said of
that he had not felt so well for 4

tu return to Catton on

him to-day

 

long time. The two days of reat he secured
while callera were barred were all that was
required to restore his usual condition

Che President and Mrs. MckKioley and Mrs

Dav took an extended drive during the morn-
fag. They went to the suburban home of the
ital’s, where the President visited his old friend

ldward &. Raff, a leading Dernocrat of the
county, who i+ seriously ill
Greetings were received from the Pennsyl-

vania League of Republican Clubs and ack now!-

edged before starting for Washington The
President said

. “CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 17
“J. Hampton Moore, Preaident State League

of nepaean Clubs, Philadelphia, Pa
Replying to your very kind message, in
behalf of the Pennsylvania State League of
Republican Clubs, please assure the members
of the league of my appreciation of their greet-
ings and congratulations, May their political
service contribute to the strengthening of
right principles of government and to the ad
vancement of all things which make for the
welfare of their State and the nation
WM McKINLEY’

Pr7tTspene, Pa, Sent. 18.—-President MecKin-
ley passed through Pittsburg to-night on his
way to Washington. He was accompanied br
Secretary Cortelvou

(he President's train waa thirty minutes late
and was heldat the Union atation fifty minutes,
The President rernained in his car

 

PEFKSKILL WITHOUT WATER,

The Single Main Supply Pipe Burst Early
Yesterday Morning.
Peensxint, NY Sept. 18,— The
supply main furnishes Peekskill
water burst at 6:30 o'clock this morning and the

single

which with

village is threatened with a water famine
Supt. William J. Charlton of the water-
works has had a gang of men at work
and they hope to have the pipe repaired before
to-morrow night Che village has had its

water plant about twenty-five years and nearly

every well and cistern in the place has heen

  

fi up. Factories, mills, foundries and dis-
tillerias were forced to close to-day and every-
thing is at a standetill

The accident was foreseen, but the people of
the place, although forewarned, were not fore-
armed The Board of Water Cormissioners
called for a special election to a ithorize the
issuing of bonds for increasing the water fa-
cilities on Aug. 27, but the people voted the

proposition down by 1&7 to 108 Practically
the same proposition will be voted upon again
next Monday, and to-day's object lesson may
It ia provicentialthat there have
been no fires to-day, for there has |eena stiff
breeze all day, and there is not @ chemical en-
wiffe in the place

 

 

POST IN PENNSYLVANIA.

WHIPPING

Mogistrates of the State Hesitate to Ask for
a Law Establishing This Pantshment.
READING, Pa, Sept. 18- The State Magis
trates’ Association of Pennsylvania met here
to-day and considered the question of framing

| a bill, and asking the next Legislature of Penn-

more or lesa intelligence than my fellow man A
Iittle investigation would prove to Mr Croker that
the workingman of every grade and profession |

throughout this State is in favor of honest money
and against the wild heresies of every nature now
being preached by Bryan and his followers

New YORK, Sept. 16 AMERICAN,

 

The Men Are Thinking Right.

To THR EDITOR OF THR SUN--Sfr: Tam oneot
450 men and boys who work for a company In Brook
lyn. I am told there are sixty stockholders, but that
only four menown mostalithe stock. We @e: good
pay and steady work We make goods that are pro
tected by the tariff; if the tariff was taken off {t would
close our whole shop, a8 we can't compete with
foreign labor

Now I see Mr. Bryan says tn his speech tn St
Louis that the way to Kill the trusts Is to take off the
tariff. I have been thinking how that would do for
us. The four men who own mostall the stock could
abut up the business, for they don’t need it to live on;
but what comes of us—the 650 who are getting good
wages? It looks to meas tf it would be us who would
be killed. That is what the men are all talking about,
and they want to know what you think?

BROOKLYN, Sept. 17. P. MORRISON,

The Same Old Cow.

“Aha,” said the voter on the fence to the Brooklyn
Shepard, “I thought I knew that moo. That's
Silver Billie, the ‘hooking’ cow, that tried to break
down the fence and gore me four years ago But
what's become of her silver bell, and how do you
happen to be walking alongside of the beast, pat
ting her on the back? The last time I saw you
together you were shying bricks and sticks at her

The Shepard—Excuse me, but this ts an entirely
different cow, a cowofadifferent color. ‘Thiststhe cele
brated Nebraska prize cow, Paramount. Come up
and look at her. Sheis sound and kind, gentle as a
gazelle, has a beautiful votce and yields immense
quantities of milk and butter. Why man, she'll
make you rich.

The Voter—D'ye think I'm antdiot? I tell you {t's
the same old cow warranted to make more trouble
than butter ‘

The Shepord—But I teil you (t's not the same old
cow. Leastwise she’s gotanewname. This ts the
reformed cow, Paramount. She wont do any harm
Positively she wont. I'm sure that she wont hurt
you. Come down and buy ber. She's a treasure

The Voter—Thank you I'm not buy!ng cows for
the sake of buying accident policies nowadays.

The Shepard—0O, don't be so afraid. This ts the
most accomplished animal you ever saw. She only
wears hornsforornament. She ts trained to perfec

tion. Would you oblige me by saying ‘‘Empire” to
her?
The Voter~*'Empiret’’ Why, the darned fool is

kicking. Whatat?

The Shepard—O, atnothing. We'vetaught her the
trick. She does thatto show that she doesn't mean
anything with herhorns She wont doany harm

The Voter—Not tome, you bet fori wont have her
around. Take her to the elreus, Shepard, but look
out she doesn't “hook” you

 

Jost What a Sigh Is,

the Ladtes’ Home Journal

Sighing | but another name for oxyen starvation
The cause of sighing is most frequently worry An
Interval of sev cralecconds often follows moments of
mental disquietude, during which Ume the chest
walls remain rigid until the imperious demand t«
made for oxy@en, thus causing the deep inhalation
It ia the expiration following the inspiration that ts
properly termed the sigh, and this sigh is simply an
effort of the organism t obtain the necessary supply
of caygen

From

sylvania t, providing for a whipping
post in this Commonwealth for the punishment
of men who make a practice of beating their
wives. The idea of a whipping post for wife-
beaters in this State originated with RK. John
Shoemaker of Chester, Treasurer of the A&s-
sociation ‘revious to to-day ® convention
Mr Shoemaker had received opinions from
over 2,000 Pennsylvania Magistrates, moat
of whom favor the adoption of such a method
of punishment for wifebeaters. After much
discussion to-day, however, it was decided
that while, individually, nearly every delegate
favored the whipping post, the association
as a body would not ask the Legislature to
pass such @ law

to pass i

   

From the Point of View of the Unbeliever,

To THE Forror or THB SUN—Sir; In your
editorial of this day's SUN entitled “The Falling Off
of the American Bible Soclety's Business,” you
ascribe the deciine of the soclety’s business, in a
measure, to the discredit thrown upen the Scriptures,

| Are you not wrong*®

Is (tnot due to the decadence of Christlanity, asa
fundamental reason, of which this declining ‘‘bud
ness” of a religious society is but one of the initial

| manifestations tn the chain of proofs to follow?

‘Nive in a town containing

Without desiring to offend the sincere religious be-
Hevers who find abiding consolation in the dooirines
of Christianity founded on the Bible or seeking in this
an opportunity to alr superficlal or Irreligious senti-
ments, permit me to point out the fact that there are
a vast number of people who, with me, believe that
Christian Churchesas organizations have served their
mission in civilization, though they are equally cog-
nizant that Jesus must forever remain the central
point of that civilization

That the Bible society's business declined is but a
natural result of a recognized human law, founded on
the fundamental elements of moral teaching—those
unfaithful to purposes and truste fall. Bible publi
eation societies are but Ineldents and accessories of
Christian Churches. EX-RELIGIONIST.

New YORK, Sept. 14

 

Running Report on Colorado,

TOTHER FvIToR OF THR SUN—Sir: Thinking
your readers will be giad to hear a word concerning
the political aspect in Colorado, it @ives me great
pleasure to send you A line. Tam a visitor from
Ocean connty, N. J. where we can always be depended
up large Republican majorities. Colo
rado gave Bryan something like 155,000 majority
four ears ag Republicans who are in
touch with public sentiment are claiming the State
for McKinley. I's an old saying (hat straws show
which way the wind blows imade a trip to Wyo

the present week, and before reaching

upon to rol!

to day

ming during

Greeley, the passengers being nearly all Coloradoans
a tote was taken, resulting as follows: McKinley.
137; Bryan, 150. \ gentleman near me said “I

8,000 (nhabltants Long -
received fust 18

mont Four years ago_MeKiniey
votes: today we have a Republican club of 501
BouLveR Col, Sept. 18 H. G GuLiick
As to Carsing the President.
To THR EpDITroR OF THe SUN--Sir: 1 had cause

to attend a Democratic banner raising at 160th street
and Boston After aspeech by Mr. Marron,
an exoMcio, they presented to the hearers a large
sized German, who started in to curse McKinley Will
you be kind enough to let me kuow tf there is a law
against thisecursing of our President and also against
using such language before people In pubile®

ONCE A DEMOCRAT, BUT SINCE

SATURDAY NIGHT A REPUBLICAN,

avenue.

 

here {a no law against profane language now,
though there used to be. Offensive profanity ts
treated by the Magistrates as disorderly conduct
Oficersand men of the army and navy and of the
National Guard of this State are prohibited by regu
lations from using violent language against their

; Supertor oMeers, one of whomis the President: they
are the only persons who bave no legal right to black
Guard Mr. Mekinley

Fits Vigt! Over.
TOTRE Fnprror or THe SUN—Str: My friend

from Chattanooga ts walting, and here's his appiloa-

tion
IKE Poss,

Boots and Shoes
431 Market St.

uw YORK, Sept 17. P. F- Monean,

 

ee

CREED OF THE PRESBYTERIANS.

 
 
 

Revision of the Confession of Faith Discassed
by the New Brunswick Presbytery.
The quee-

New Brunswick, N. J., Sept. 1%

thon of revision of the Weatininater Confersi
was discussed at length by the Presbytery
of New Brunswick at ite quarterly meeti:

held at Dayton, ten milea from this efty, t
The attendance at the session was unur
ually large, it being expected that definite a:
tion would be taken upon the matter and
number of members of the faculties of Princ
ton University Princeton Theolog:
Seminary were present. The Rey. Louls |

Mudge of ‘Trenton was elected Moderat:
The Rey. Dr. John V. Duffleld, professor
mathematics {n Prineeton Univeraity, declared
emphatically for revision. fle sald that th
wording of the Confession admitted the belie
that God had made His election of the redeem«
before the Creation, while the Chureh of th
present day holds that the election was not mad

day

and

 

 

 

uutil after the fall of man. Dr. Duffield «
tended that the wording of the passage refe
ring fo infant salvation should be chang:
by omltting the word elect, thus tneludu
all who die dn infaney ti the savation of God
The Revo Dr. Benjamin B. Warfleld, pr
fessor of theolowy in the Princeton Seminar
held that the framers of the Confession aid
hot, and expressly stated that they did not
accept the doctrine of election before the Cre
thon As to infant salvation, Dr. Warfl
contended that if all intunts were saved th:
must all be elect, and that there was no nece
sity for striking out that word; tn fact, that t

strike ft out would be to undermine the eardina
truth of Calvinism

The Rev. Dr. John De Witt, profeasor «
Church history in the seminary, and the Re
Dr. Dixon of the Board of Home Missile:
of New York supported Dr. Warfield tn h
stand, and a debate which lasted four hour
ensued At the end of that time the hour
adjournment had arrived. The Presbyters
voted not to take up the matter of revision te
morrow, but to defer it until next Mondas
0:30 o'clock, when a meeting will be held
the First Presbyterian Church of Trent
for the purpose of discussing revision. Fir
of all to come un at that meeting will bear
tion made by the Rev, Dr. Warfleld that t
whole matter of a revision he dismissed

BRYAN'S PLAN NOT FEASIBLE,

An Expert Witness'’s Opinion on His Ideas of
Arbitration in Labor Dispates.

James H, Gilbert
York State Board
Mediation, was a to-day before t
Industrial Commission, His testimony deat
exclusively with arbitration He favors
compulsory but did not thin)
mnstituted so as to deal wi
might ox hefore

t the employers and the emplove

WASHINGTON,
President of the

Bept. 18
New
witness

arbitration,
board could be «
all the matters
He thoug
should be compelled in cases of strikes or |
outs to submit their grievances to a board
composed of representatives of bot!
and on each side the representation ali
equal, One of the members of the Industrial
Commission said

\ protuinent American says ‘No one wie
has observed the friction which arises between
great corporations and their numerous ¢
plovees can doubt the wisdom of establishine
an impartial court for the settlement of di
putes” Is that plan feasible?”

Mr. Gilbert said it was not: that there were
ao many such disputes that the court would
have more than it eould possibly look atte
The “prominent American” {fs W. Jo Broa
and the extract quoted was from his letter of
acceptance published this morning

which me

HAS PAITH IN AMERICANS,

Chancellor Day of Syracuse Speaks to Stn
dents on Expanston.

Syracrar, Sept. 18 —At the opening of Syrn
euse University to-day Chanoellor James
Roscoe Day made an address in which he anid
to the student# among other things

“| never felt the real size of an Amerien:
eltizen until this summer You can

appreciation of the tremendous land of whicl
vou are citizens and it8 awful responsibiliti

until you have travelled it The greatest
ehare@e that is yours is the inheritance of youn:
American citizenship J will not express the
thoughts of the hour, for they are at pre

have ne

| the all-engrossing questions of a political cnr

But young Americans who tak:
the vast territory west of the Alleghanies and
civilize it and make great and wealthy State

out of it, arecapable of guarding every foot
that has come under the Stare and Stripes
Nothing is too vast for a people whom God
has vlessed as he has our® Our country is
founded upon a rock and is not to be moved by
a drifting crowd of demagogic blatherskites *

paign eould

BOSTON'S NEW ART MUSEUM.
A €2.000,000 RBallding Soon to Be Under
Way To Hoase $10,000,000 of Art Treasures

Boston, Sept. 18.-Final arrangements hava
been made for Boston's new Museum of
ine Arts. A $2000,000 structure is to br
erected on a ten-acre piece of ground whir
has been purchased in the Back Bay Fens
The land is at the corner of Huntington ave.
nue and the Fens. The committee having t)
undertaking in charge intends to establis!
a home for the art treasures of the eity that
shall be something of a headquarters for th:
public art exhibits of the United States as
well, andthe contemplated cost of the new @
fice ia not unlikely to be increased considerab!;
There are alreacy within the confines of the
resent Museum of Fine Arte in Copley Square
$10,000,000 worth of treasures and the moving
of the collection will be a mammoth enter
prise. In moving the great bronzes, statics,
vases and other large effecta roany novel ani!
especially designed Spurtenan ces will be em-
ployed. The new bu Iding will soon be under
way

 

 

 

War Department Temporarily Headless.

WasHINGTON, Sept. 18—-Secretary Root ts
{ll at his home at Southampton. Acting Secre-
tary Meiklejohn leaves to-morrow evening
for his home in Nebraska, having arranged
to speak there on Saturday night. If Tdeut
Gen. Milee were in Washineton he would, under
the law, become acting Seoretary of War. He
is not expected to return before Friday or
Saturday, and this will leave temporart):
vacant the office of Secretary As Major
Gen. Corbin is the next ranking officer to
Gen. Miles now !n Washington he may be
detailed as Secretary

 

Free Silver Alone.

From the Bond Buyer.

Only one issue in the campaign !s seriousty con
sidered. Imperialism is laughed at: militariam ts re
garded asa joke and only the one great Issue of sound
money against the free cofnage of silver at the nr
commercial ratio of 16 to 1 confronts votera The
issue of 1900 fm the same as that of 1496, except
that itis no longer 4 eur prine.

Over 1,200,000 more men are earning Increased
wages this year than were working for minimur
wages in 1496. Of this inereased number of war
earners nearly 1,000,000 are wage savers and hay
putin savings banks alone (not to speak of bulldine
and loan assoctations) over $500,000,000 of saving
greater thao they had on deposit in 1406. Th
savings average $445 each, and every man of th
total of over 6,900,090 depositors In savings banks
going tovote to keep his deposits as good as th
money which he putin the bank. This ts the Jaborne
class, whose silent vote gives success to all adminis
trations which represent thrift and prosperity. §

In the pivotal State of New York alone there har
been over 250,000 new depositors added to the nur
ber which were registered as depositora in 1406
the county of New York—the Tammany strongb
and the largest manufacturing olty in the world wit:
the largest number of aktlied laborers of any city
existence—the increase in savings bank depostors |
the last year only haa been nearly 70,000. Nine
per cent of these, Irreapective of their party am
tlons localiy, will vote for sound money. They oar
not be ecafoled or frightened by faction leaders.
vote, we bellewe, will be bonestly east and counts
and In thatevent Bryan can Lardly hope to carry a!)
county in the great pivotal State

Why Mayor Jones Is for Hrran.
From the Chieago Jr ihune

Mayor Jones of Toledo says he isa Soctalist ard
believes that “equality is the only basis of our hope
The election to the Presidency of a professed Soct
jatis impossibie, so Mayor Jones is willing & aery.
something less than that He says If 1 cant
get the whole Soctalistic programme at one step ia
willing w take one si¢p toward 18°" ‘Therefore he iu
ends to vole for Bryan

 

S.M. Democracy.

J. Ro Burton. a Misvourt Dem cca’, who wt l veel
MeKin 4
ear litte of the

“In this campaign we
money DPemocracy. It
this year

6 sound minded PD
A Southern I \imitatton.
From he Memphis scimitar
There is no Southern white man who dors net
his heart repudiate that “cowent of . =

bum bug, #0 far as |} concerns any other face @aan
Caveasian.

 

 

The Soth
‘The
Marra
he sea

, rte is @
any, and

Robert D

im hehada
Ralph Ste
in appea
above all,
personalit
ences.
well, {aa
of the Mu
he first
Giri,” and
Surely he
ble actor.
public ts
ere than
stock corr
be convir
tions «iv
every per
Monday 's.
old serval
ureeted ld
Alien, a4
an even hi
observer
war mth
Henry V.
entered &
applause
exclusivel

.

 

was not
e iahted,
when Mr.
dron, who
but was
eldes Mr
were Ros
Miss Stua
uress wil
effect. Sc
because 8
reatest
¢ eles, W
odd th
actresses
repertory
That wa

elles w
many, and
firther ce
closely res
The perfo
itable and
for the De
Donnelly,
admirable,
gophistioa
flied woma
remember
drama, by
Furniss
ts princip
ward Hi. 8a

It ts odd
can this
Sothern h
production
Sothern ad
The Green
Three Mu
with ft.
was claime
and “dear”
fact that b
average 0
scenes, T
playgoers
pecullar be
ten laugh
told for t
adevilofa
but they
When he
onlookers
they were
the public
of Jennico
appreciate
it Barnu
likes to b
in “The Th
American,
few pasto
play yeast
off his ha

and along
settled do
that bad on

until Rdwa
to be nois
fresh. The
nceepted at
{ Mfr

The loud
unito sue
He was no
buneombe
charming U
gist ble

is throughe
appropria
and Mary &
Willlam J. F
Richeluwa

tnvhom

 

A lively fi
ison, perha
derstandin,
of the coun
strangers a
ata fixed
ments now
risk in ente
of it was n
formers tn
miliary and t
in the impe
their case,
timie who,
copies th
He does t
felt notabili
Neers in jis
Another ne
female imp
of his visiti
He poses, i
the “living
which his e
ina gown
Varden he
on hips, he
simulation q
Muster, It
he does whe
thie get up
4 striking ox
gown of m
checks his
et out
rest of the d
fs in the «
here are
skirts and 1
shoulders ar
ke a ple
Nm all detail
® serious th
° is toe-tl
& moment |
Tom his oy
Yen then
ace, Perh
May import

Mascu|
skirts, we

of Vaudeville
own “the

MISS 8&8

She Is Wate’

Helen Sou
the eTects of
Yenor Barb
‘lf. Two o
Manse before
Hospital, 4

kept und

Dee can
inquest. 4