a=
VoL. LEXVIEL

NO, 365,

    

PERILOUS SEARCH FOR EVA

PIRI MES RISK THEIR LIVES TO
eft HER FROM RIG SEWER.

Meanwhile She Was Snugl) Siceping in
Iter Brewnssitie Heme And Then
Lttthe Reuben and Little Simen Are

tenth Led Heme by Thetr Fars.

Peaben and Simon Gelman. who are
respoet.vely 5 and 4 years old, climbed
stairs to their mother's kitchen
e house where they live at 408 New
avenue in Brownsville, Brooklyn
' ocloek vesterday afternoon and

for some bread and butter with

un the

es

4sses On it
Hut where's vour cousin Fva’” the
I ter asked

she fell down a deep hole back
* ve we picked the wild flowers,” Simon
“We couldn't get her out so
we vast came home ~

Irs (rebar

ae up

ran screaming into the

reet and impeortuned a grocer's boy to

is fast as he could around to the!

» of Mrs Samuel Leiberman at 316
and tell Mrs Leiberman
her four-year-old Eva had met with

ternble aceident “Come quick,”
message “Eva has fallen down
© somewhere ~

“t street

was the

grocers boy lashed his horse lke
tandimmediately Mre Gelman roused
body the neighborhood = Little
Leiberman, the child of her sister-
iw. who had heen left

min

erman took her infant to a dispen
medicine and treatment, had
surely been Killed Would somebody tell

eman and would somebody come

sirv for

‘ her Mra Gelmiun pleaded. while
toe went and found that hole into which
} had fallen

Then she set out, dragging Reuben and
simon each by an arm They must he

guides to the place where they had
reen their cousin Eva fall into the hole
fignbers followed Policeman Charlies
and Mounted Policeman MeIintvre
he Laberty avenue station went
r a 4 too

“¥

he children led thew mother and the
‘aet accumulating crowd fully a mnile away
rv thew home down into the Flatlands
rict Here the houses of Brownsville

inge out onto a marsh where there are
reat stretches Of rank grass. trees ena
dden ground = Oniv bese and there a
arn with an ooeasional hut, the rest of
* territory i nea.ly a wilderness of
samp heaps and -slagnant water \
Mk sewer whieh wun down Louimiana
enue to its outlier in damnaics Ray passes

under the mars Lhe sewer has a four
teen foot diameter ond vetterday there
wae het ween fou nd five feet of water
nd ooze m the channel
Tne thorvsghiv m« qed « iidren = ay
remarked the mace where Lornmicna ove
- im a i New dJeoreey aven se
hey stonpied here and the elder of them
soked aleout fim wa frerse of indectaion
maliy he pointed to an open manhole im
* roiddle ef the street
There's the tug hole where Fiva fell in.”
{
le two polteemen took turns in lean ng.

the edge of the vault and trying to!

t toe head of a chold down in the
nee sof suoleht on the black
f the slow moving flood below
aus from * vent caneed them to
{ retreat They sent one of the
tow hotise @ eenple of blocks away
ige of the marsh to fetch a step
“ ating was there Wir
acide atrie yre of the curtous
foammned about the open man
t Hong wt suggest ons ina heh
. ‘ en
Welt * jowered the step
' eh int the enda of it
he trom of the sewer Then
f them treed to descend It waa
below and gases. were over
ring
[toe pe! emen went to the near
“box and turned ina call to the
- \  «6asfttion. | for reserves
eget Prick ST on the telephone and
\e frenan that there was immediate |
their presence with their ap
the manhole on the marsh
er me and shertly afterward
anos from St) Marv «and the Brad
heapt sia eh hod been um
4on antierpation
- ' te
er the ladder truck brought
lanterns When ther had threaded
yar sith the bg ladder wagon
er the marah te where the orowd
standing the firemen dropped one of
ladders down the manhole and)
o,f Daniel Wall with a rope abet
-~ middie went down inte the alims

to play with!
Reuben andiittle Simon, while Mra ,

Che

YORK, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 31,
‘NO TAFT COMFORT IN KANSAS |

===. __

 

9a: ear

++ NEW

of the missing Eva had not come to the
ecene

At this manhole as well as at the nest

j and the nest, which were tried in suc-

| coaolam the same things happened = One

) Man went down the ladder first with a rope

under bis arms. another dollowing with

# lantern to stand at the foot of the ladder

end light the way The tiret would then

’
\
|

Strike out into the impenetrable darkness |

and the current

feeling the walla on either
side and skimming the top of the water
with his hand, expecting each second |

to strike the body of the mnasing chid
Mon after man of them tried it Some
had to swim a few strokes in places where
the water was too deep for wading Fach
; managed to go 100 feet or wo to the right
or left of the ladder and thea was pulled
back and to the surface fainting

into the sewer three or four times and
was under the hands of the ambulance
| surgeons each time that he came to the
feurface These are the men whe did this

thing Leeut Dane! Wall, Edward Mind»
; William Jordan, Otte Neumouth. Liovd
Smih and John Carmichael In al

wight manholes were uncovered and ert
explorations of the sewer beneath
, them were made. still no trace of the child

While the work was going on at about
8.90 o'clock a rumor came to Capt: Mooney
,of the Liberty avenue station, in charge
of the police reserves, that Eva was in
her home on Bristol street and that she
Was vet drowned after all The captain
got into a bugey and made a dash for the
Leiberman home Mrs Leiberman met
him at the door

“My little Eva? Sure she's in bed I
found her in the Brownaville station two
; hours ago with her dear little hands fii
of wild flowers [ was so happy oh, so
happy. that 1 forgot to tell anybody that
I'd found her ”

Capt. Mooney went back to where the
firemen were resking ther lives in the
sewer gas and reported what Mre Leiber-

}man hadtold him Then Trvek 57 went
to its house and Mra Geman went to
jhers, leading little Reuben and tttie
Signon each bw the ear

1. 8S. SEPREWE COURT PLACES.

The Presiitent Suppesed to Haye Discussed
Coming Appetntments at Luncheon
Bevery. Mase Avg 30 Dnaciussion
of President Vaft's probable appoint-
mepte to the Supreme Court was revived
here when if was learned that the Presi-

dent took luncheon to-day at the home
of Charlies Po Searles near Ipewich with
Associate Justice Holmes and United
States Judges LD colt) Wiliam bo Put
nam and Francie © Lowell of the First
eimeuit

The President bas two Supreme ( ourt
vacancies to fll tine was created by

the death of Chief Justice Fuller and the
other will come abeut when Associate
Justice William H Moody makes forma! |
announcement of his retirement under
the recent acer of Congres

There is no doubt ae to Mr Mooivs
intention to quit the bench although
his health is said to by Vaproving

‘The President announced at the time

j
of the death of Chief Justice Fuller
he desired the advice and suggestions

of reputable lawvers and Judg« from
all over the country While no. state-
ment was made at the Faxecutive offices

jthat the Supreme Court vacancies were
talked about at the luncheon
jis beheved here to-night thar
did up if ently m an
wav

So far as triends of the President know
he has not changed his mind as to the
appointment of Gov Hughes to succeed

the subject

come incident ai

Justice Fuller The Governor nas al-
jready been confirmed ty the Senate as
an Associate) Justice sucemeding the

The President
cording to the present plan. wall have to
withdraw Mr Hughes's name aa Ass

)elate Justice and submit it again as (hind
Juatice

There is little doubt that Mr daft is

, considering the name of Lievd Wo Bow-

bere Solettor-Cieneral of the United States

| for the vacancy Mr Bowers ts
jbeheved here te stand a better chance
| than any other man

late Justice Brewer ac-

other

| WENAEN COULDNT GO.

ldirtscom Kept His Democratic Partner
Toe Hus) for Pelltical Work.

While the Republican conferences were

Ciriacom «

reporters

! going on vesterday in Lleyvd ¢

loMices of the wating

some

inoticeed that S Stanwood Menken, part. |

jner of Mr Girisecom, was hard at work
jen the firms affairs, and they remem
i hered that a meeting had been called for

of ecyreumstances | vesterday in Albany of the Democratic |

\League Mr Menken was one of the
organizers and one of the leaders of the

| jeagie

“Why, how tw it that vou are not up
at the Albany conference to-day?” ne |
‘was asked

“Veell, it's thes wav.” Mr Menken re-
plied “since Griscom got into this political

game he has unloaded on me ao much
of his law work that I have had to let

acknes= He left the end of the larder
nea hegan to wade through the water up| my work for the reformation of the
his arnopite, holding hue lantern high | Denne ratee party go to emash
“That looks as though Mr. Giriseom

ve hoe head

before a minute had passed the fire

en at the other end of the rope felt a
easion of feeble tucs They pulled
ther leutenant came dripping up

dder, his lantern extinguished and
coe purple with suffocation He waa
it and the ambulance doctors

exte jlants down his throat Soon
AAs hos feet and giving orders
' ; aod down the line,” he said |

“all the manholes and when the |

ears well try it again, here and!
‘ er places
nen swinging their lanterns
n through the dusk over the
is aces on the moor, followed
ants order Then they re

of their number went
‘othe Nhomome cavern

' i another
tearke t

‘ » schoned
his chief had taken He
before he had ¢t > come

m= ace
ithe sewer wae moving
sv sig@isciv at a rate of
an heenas The firemen
‘ ' ~ eurrent the eboid
Div te hear the vent they
opted unless ber dres« had
~rme tire ~tronm in tie brriek
and’) hid thus held her against the
ear < they went t the
wn 1 bioek away om the dire
th +. opened that and dropped
ider down lhe crowd preaned |
Mra. Greiman wrung her)
aned, but as yet the motuer | e-,

nthe direction opposite |

 
 

lis playing the game from beth ends,”
lit was suggested

| "Tt would seem ac
| with a mock sigh, “but then you see there
lare some kinds of politicians who are

lalways selfish.”

83,000 IN DIAMONDS STOLEN.

| Mire. Louts Kaufman of New York Robbed

White Vietting Narragansett Pier.

NaRRAGaNSeETS Pier, Aug. # The
second diamond robbery of the season
‘at Narragansett became known to-night
lwhen it was announced that Mra. Lous
Kaufman of New York waa the victim
of burglars while dining at the Casino last
Saturday night

Mra Kaufman was visiting Pir. and
| Mra. Archibald G. Thomason of Philadel.
phia at Bass Rock Farms and accorypanied
her host and hostess to the Casino, where
ell were guests at a dinner party. Upon
her return to Bass Rock Farms Mre
Kaufman discovered that about $3,000
worth of jewelry was missing fron her
chamber

Among the missing valuables reported
to the pohee are a diamond brooch, a
diamond bracelet and a gold purse No
clues have been discovered

larly in the season the home of Mra
Irving H Chase was entered by thieves
whe got several thousand dollars worth
of jewelry
Li SCHEDILE SAND) HOOK HOLTE

lerne, central Seashore lines truce
rime tables ready Sept 3 tar

Every |
j;manoof the truck company went down |

that |

to~fav. it}

“replied Mr. Menken |

REPUBLICANS INDORSE ONLY
WHAT SOtTTS INSOCRGENTS.

 

Kesetutions Declare That the Payne- Ald) what it was, but most folks said it looked ! gape Paaline Strong Discovers It, as
rieh Tarif? Law Is Net a Fulftiment | like a biplane
of Platform Promises Demand Fur. | but there was no accompanying chia
ther Revision. Seme State Issues. yom

Toreka. Kan. Aung © The Repub- |
jhean party council to-day was = over-
whelmingly imeurgent and the band

Wagon ran over Senator Curtis and others flying like the wind
who sought an unqualified indorsement |

of President att

war ana
heans would commend such
with the approval of the Kansas
surgents
William Allen
tien of Senator Br stow
and Giov Stubbs
platform which relotes
ters f these national planks are
“We pledge anew o ir lovalty to the Re

under the dire«
Vietor Murdock
wrote that part of the

White

fo national mat-
Some

publiean matromal plotform of 1808 and ,
bod ourselves t) carry out ite declara-
tions aecepting the pollovy of protection
as outfned in our party platform as the)

.
established poley of the nation and bind
ng both
howees to ve ston of thetan

our members of Congress in

te for a res

law of 1909 using as a basis for fixing
duties the difference between the oost
of production at home and abroad with

a reasonable profit for Amerean manu-
, facturers F

«We do not recognize the revision of the
tan? of 199 asa ry fulfilment
of the tart! pledge of the Regal
platform, andl we therefore pledge the
people of Kansas that the Republean
Senators and Congressmen from
State shall work and vote for legislation
that wil no ondependent mon.

eatisfact
m

reite

Partisan tart romis@ion with ample
peewer and sufotent appropriation te
ascertain accurately the difference be
brween the cost of production at home
jand abroad, and after having obtained
feuch information we bereby pledge our

Republoan Senators and Representatives

; Her enne fiotely t) fix the duties on the bases

 

 

The only indorsement the President got , (pointing toward the top of the Metropoli-
seurance that the Kansas Repub- | ‘#2 tower) from a quarter to 9 until @

acts as met |
in- |
|

pot this information :

We pledge our Senatora and Repre
sentatives tt) vote for a jowunt resolution |
that will promote the revision of the tariff
one schedule at a tine *

t We pledge our Reputbleoan members

}
pot the lower house of Congress to sup.
port and vote for a rule that will make

‘the membership of the more important
house committees elective instead of ap
pomntive

We demand the strictest enforcement
fof the anti-trust laws and pledge our

' Kansas Republean Congressional dele

| gation to vote for a law providing for a

j jal sentence for wilful violators of the
anti-(rust laws ~
While indorsing the amendments made
th Interstate law by the
ast session of Congress, we pledge our
senators and Representatives to vote for
such further amendmenta to the inter-
commerce iaw as will give power
‘and to the Interstate Commerce
Commission an the phyemwal
valuation of the railways ~
“We pledge our Kansas Republican
Senators and Representatives to vote and
| work for effective laws that will prevent
jovercapitalization of corporations and
will
| sale of stocks and honds to actual inveat-
jmments im or e<tension or
owned the

'to commerce

state
money

to ascert

construction
bhetterment of property
l corporations, and we further pledge our
Republican Congresmonal delegation to
work for laws that will give the Inter-
fatate Commerce Commission authority
| ene the isaue of stocks and bonds of
|

common carners ~

by

“We pledge our members of Congress
hee continue the pohey of the Republican
party, now firmly established, of canng
for the soldiers and sailors of the War
of the Rebellion and for those who carried
= flag of liberty to the oppressed of
other lands ”

The counei!| also declared for a State
public utilities law, the initiative and ref-
erendum, the recall law and a declara-

‘had choked to death, He gasped for &/ and some of them became

 

RALLOON OR BIPLANE.
@00 Vad Square Spectators

Thes Saw Semething Flying.
Something seemed to be flying over
Madison Square last night and a bie
; crowd watched it No one knew just

STARTS FOR THIRD TIME
MENDELSON APARTMENT.

 

whe
Dia Others Superintendent Saves
Stk Merchant's Sen Many Tenants
Reuted Oat in Their Nightctothes.

The

There was a« light on if,

ig and no nowe of a whirring pro- |
petler

Some of those who said they saw the
thing and one was the policeman og the
beat were sure tha’ it had (wo lights, a)

three months

third fire within

1910. tc - by the ons Dunston and Pubhiehing Aaeeatithin
FIRE AGAIN IN BUCLID HALL

ry |

. Wapwnerary, Avover 81, 1010.
Partly cloudy and warmer to-day, with show-

   

| Belated Bather’s Pajama Taxicab Ride

Fads in « Tragedy.
An unidentified woman about 85 years
| old waa killed by a taxieab at Fighth
avenue and Thirty-eighth etreet shortly
before 12 o'clock last night Michaei
| Dillon. a wholesale liquor dealer of 60
Amsterdam avenue, was on his way
|from the Murray Hill Baths to catoh a
midnight train for Philadelphia. The

 

  

"TRAIN LOST; WOMAN KILLED.

ers in the interior this afternoon or to-
night; cooler and fair to-morrow.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

GIRL IDENTIFIED
AS VERA FITCH

Tried to Conceal identity
After Shooting Self

 
 

. }
occurred just before 10 o'clock last BIGHT driver of the taxicab, Edward L. Bennett, | at the Astor.

red one and a green one. and that it was! in the apartment of Henry Mendelson | who owns the machine, was doing the,

“Why, ves I saw it.” said the police-| apartment honse, at Fighty-fifth street
jman, “and it staved around up there | and Broadway Mendelson, who is an
importer, and his wife were at the theatre
at the time, and only his son, William,
and a maid were in the apartrnent

Mra Pauline Strong, who lives in the
apartment above the Mendelsons and
dtecovered the two other fires, «melled
emoke as she was going to bed last night
and at once telephoned to the supermn
tendent of the building, Thomas Groark
Groark got up to the fourth floor as

quarter of 10 o'clock =| never saw any-
{thing like it and the stunts i did It
circled about the tower, flew over toward
{the Flatiron ‘uiiding, seooted northeast
| in the direction of Diana on top ot Madison
Square Garden and then floated off toward
the southeast

“Where did {t come from? 1 am sure

1 don't know, Lut there were a couple |
thousand persons here rubbenng |
certainly had wings
Experts said that there wasn't an aero-
plane in the nerghborhood of New York
available for fiving and then it was sug-
gested that a Jersey balloon st might
j have come over Burt no one in Jersey
knew anything about a batioon going up
excep! a hot air balloon from an amuse-

‘ment
~ park leon, who was sleeping in a distant room
evertheless the Madison Square spec: | a awayened by the noise the auperit

tators said that there was something i wadont m breaking open pe hall

Ns : | ade bree!

meine Manhattan lt niRN! door and wan calling ot forfilp He wa

‘aviation field and at the Aero Club it was ote os Pd wasan one can't

4 ‘
— = o ysl ——~y iar | Groark called to him to follow the sound
cere 5 lof his voice. The voung man groped bis
There was no machine or any driver at) te bleak toa balk Tha ow
Present at either place capable of fiving | yr Tr ah pe lhcenpe Ae ao
‘ ‘ t ‘ nal i ” - F

pine Vork and hack, sepertally in the lin the same maover William told Groark

{that bis mother and father were aslee;

There has been for some time a whisper
} o t . ” .
of a machine being built on Long Ieland |'" °° of the back bedrooms He wanted

on the door of the Mendelson apartment
Without losing any time he grabbed down
the axe which was hanging in the hail

and broke open the door
The fire was in a amall bedroom at the

end of the hall and was |lazing slong
\ the walls pouring out suffocating smoke

by a daretevil driver which would be eo sea Groaré eaid he would
able to make the flight. and stores ot | : oe
Flames were by thw time eating cut

night fhahts have reached the aviation!
fleli

RAIA CHORED TO DEATH.

Handsome, but Victous Tiger ef Bronx
Zoe Was Gift From ¢. T. Barnes.

Rajah. the big tieer of the Bronx zon,
paced restiessiv hack aod forth in his
cage io the lon house at feeding time
vesterday afternoon waiting for Keepers| In the meantime the belihoys had been
Schwarz and Grove to bring him bhi*| called and formed «a bucket brigade to
dinner The nearer they came the more|fght the fire
impatient he got, for he was very hungry. | the operator at the ewtichboard to send
Finesiv it was his tum and Rajah stood jin a fire alarm He realized thet only
there lashing histad while Schwarr selected | one engine would come in reeponae to it
the largest chunk of meat in the basket | a he hurried down to the atreet and rang
and toeeed || between the bars in an alarm from the bos at Fighty

lhe tiger began to gnaw at the meat. | fourth street and Broadway
gulping it down in great bites Before The guests on the upper floore of the
the keepers had paseed on to the ad- apartment house. most of whom were
joing cage and before they had time | agen, were awakened by the noise of the
to realize that anything waa wrong Rajah | apparatus coming through the streets,
few seconds, struggled a little and then | sisrmad and left thetr ona ee
lav still

Schwarz and hie partner made mighty as aed nan ae eeme - ae
sure that the beast waa dead before they | car One woman wanted to take a trunk
ventured into the cage too, for Raiah | qoen with her Another woman went
had the reputation of being one of the | down the stairway with a bird cage in hee

from the bedroom into the hallway and it
waa a tickliah job to get by The super-
intendent crawled along on his hands and
knees in the hallway past the door to the
rear of the apartment. He wae unatie
to find any one. In getting back to the
outer hallway again hie hair wae baciv
singed and hie face and hends were
score hed

 

ugliest tigers in the country, although | hand About one hundred guests con-

divert all moneys received for the!

| heck expedition When Director Horna-

one of the finest One of the other keepers e
siegeated last night that Rajah had ae Soo dag aoa o
throat trouble and that it was the throat | night clothing The fire was put out with
trouble that killed him. Dr W. Reid Biair, about $4,000 damage to the Mendelson
the veterinary of the zoo, will perform apartment Taree roeme were tained
an autopsy to-day to find out e

Rajah was caught in India thirteen years The apartment of Richard Sarrelly
ago when Jess than a year old by @ Hageo- | 4 tne fourth floor was partly ruined by
water Mre Strong's apartment on the

day went to Lurope in 190? to buy @ tiger fifth was da: i by ee

$1.09 for him
| by the |.te Charles T Barney. What at-
‘tracted, Director Hornaday was the ani-

| same time, but he mauled her and abused |

thon favoring & penitentiary sentence for ,

men convicted the second time for the
| violation of the State prohibitory liquor

law

| After the counct! adjourne! Senator
Curtis was asked for a statement “I
‘(have no statement now.” he anid “5

have not had time to study the platform,
| voted againat it, that ought to he auffi
jclent comment 7

j ‘L could not be hetter satiefied with the
Republican council,” said Senator Bria
| tow “lt pute the Kansas Kepublicans
hon record as being in favor of the moet
progressive national legislation The
platform representa the peoples ideas
as shown in the primary vote ~

RUILDING & QUEER CRAFT.

Hartem Heating Parties YWretified by «a
Peculiar Vessel Under C onstruction.
Boating parties on the Harlem have
had their curiosity aroused by a queer
eraft under conetruction in a shed at the
foot of 212th etreet What appeare to
be the stern projects from the river end
of the shed It is covered by a metallic
J hood, and not much can be seen of the hull
but a rudder below ia plainly discernible
| The boat. or whatever it ia some of the
neighboring residents suy it is a hydro-
plane. others a hydroplane and aeroplane
combined has been constructed in secret
Signe on the doors and sides of the shed
warn visitors that admittance ie not al-
lowed under any pretext whatsoever

' girl, who were in need of help

‘hold on the line

\drifted ashore and waa at the Battery

The owner of a houseboat Iving at the |

foot of the atreet next to the shed said
yesterday that the queer craft was the
production of a Dr Albertson, who pro-
posel t) demonatrate with it a pr veiple
in epeed or navidaation discovered bY him-
nelf No work has been done on
at least a month The hull appears. ao

far ae it can be seen, to be complete, and ,

the neiehborhood say

sore ‘ereons mm
that the urlder 1 waiting for his motor
Dr Alberteon until recently had an office

in the Marbridge Building, at Broadway
and Thirty-fourth street, but he hes
moved out. and nohody there knows where
to find hirn at present The houseboat
man said the doctor's lease of the shed
will expire on September 1 and he would
then have to take the queer craft out

HOV 4 STOCK CERTIFM ATES
ngravet and printed by Corties, Macy & Ca
i ine © Jobn Street Petabiished 1457 —Ade

it for |

for the Bronx Zoo he selected Rajah ae In the course of the fire Mr. Mendelson
the finest specimen in Europe aod paid) a4 his wife returned from the theatre
The money wae donated He said that the fire was caused by de-
fective insulation, but the superintendent,
Groark, said that it had started evidently
in the furniture of the bedroom and not
in the walle

mals massive head and shoulders He
weighed 300 pounds and was nine and a

half feet long pn
A mate was obtained for Rajah at the | 48 TO WRS, FLOWERS FSTATE.

Will Net Vet Proved, but Dector Hears

He's te Recety¢ 860,000.

Watertown, N Y. Aug 3

of the late Mre Sarah Flower, widow of
Gov Roewell PP Flower who died
last week leaving an estate of several
millions, has not yet been offered for
probate One in position to know saye
that Mra Flower left the greater part
of her estate to ber daughter, Init’ admits
that a number of the servants and em-
ployees to whom she had hecome at-
tached are well remembered Dr Murray
M Adams, for twenty years the family
physician, has been informed that the
will contains a bequest to hum of $50,000
Dr Adams was a youthful companion
of the only son of the Flowers, the late
Henry Keep Flower, to whose memory
the Governor and hie wife founded and
dedicated an Episcopal «school Dr
Adame had long drawn an annual stipend
of $5,000 and had received other gifts

RA TTERMAN'S FOR LOFR.

@ne Merchant Whe Approves of the Way
Duties Are Collected.

Herry Ratterman, a Brooklyn merchant,
came back on
after passirg some time at Bad Nauheim,
and said that everything in Germany was
prosperous when he left. Mr Ratterman

overboard after her and the girl's aunt | ***4 that he wanted to compliment Col-

' : Tr lector Loeb on the thoroughness with
Guee ¢ @ We Sung wae drifted | nich the customs duties are being

away and the youngsters in the water | collected
wore owepe ¢ werd on the outgens | “It is only just to us merchants who

tide ° °

The Little Silver after picking them | P#Y —. oe inde on ae aan
up toon tS ateng tot Hig | gide should have to pay the legal duty on
and from there they telephoned that they t ohee « Reels >

were safe The aunt in the motorboat . a
| 800,000 ASK WERCY FOR WORSE.

with dry clothing for them when the |
Petitien Gains the Names ef Many in

her so that it was necessary to separate
themattheendofayear Since that time
Rajah had occupied solitary quarters
He was always admired, but he never
became a favorite because he was vicious
and ugly

Keeper Hornaday said last night that a
male tiger was ordered from agents in
Siberia nine montha ago Men who were
sent out into the eastern part of the coun-
try succeeded in catching one and he is
expected here within the next three weeks
The Siberian tigers, said Mr Hornaday.
are the largest of all The new arrival
will occupy Kajah's cage

woronr noir LOST {Ts TOW.

It Was Porethys, and the Skipper and She
Were Picked tp by a Meambeoat.
The steamboat Little Silver on her way
to Long Branch yesterday forenoon
picked up in the lower bay just below
the Narrows two youngsters, a boy anda

The will

 

Tracy Seudder of St. George, Staten
Island, had taken out in bis motor boat
Dorothy Parker and her aunt. Dorothy.
who was in a bathing suit and doesn't
know how to awim, got overboard and was
being towed by the launch when the wash
from a passing steamboat broke her
Young Scudder went

 

 

Little Silver came up j
- ; @maha, Inciading Mayer Dahiman.

FLY IN WIND OVER WATER. | Omana, Neb, Aug ® N. 1D. Jordan

‘ lof Kansas City is in Omaha to get signa-

Gneting Fe a oa Aviaste | vures to @ monster petition asking the
z President to pardon Charlies W. Morse

nponm) Cette Beeganh Tip Sey | “Jordan says that more than §90,000

Panis, Aug. 30--The last day of the
Havre aviation meeting was devoted to movement began
flights across the estuary of the Seine to, It. ie the intention to secure an even
Trouville |” Ser

The wind was strong enough to make! men this morning. Mayor Dahiman's
it difficult fer the spectators to retam name being one of the first on the list
their hats. The sea was running high. | Guaatiee desuh Gan -

Latham ond rom thetes, | The Wall Street edition of Tar [renxive sre

' names have been obtained since the

"EEE ons en ol : containe ali the Mmanctal news and the stock and
3 . .

La Dow nd Wrincriers each | bond quotations to the close of the market

| Aubrun, ane and Wri closing quotations, iactuding the “bid and asked

made a double journey twice. i

Three hears at Weert Pointe. Heart of High
NAY LINE one day outiag.— Ades

prices, with additional news matter, are con

tained
sun.—Aee.

 

|
° quickly as he could and rapped violently

the Kaiser Wilhelm 11. |

alee to the sight edition of Tes EVEwing | that never mist, + Spencer

on the fourth floor of the Euclid Hall | post he could within the law when the

| woman stepped in front of the vehicle
Dillon dicin’t cateh his train and had to
get another, cab as Bennett was arrested,
Dillon left the bathe so hurriediy that he
wore only his pajamas, a raincoat anda
hat T hie of hia clothes were {n a
euitcase

reat

WON'T INSURE BALLOONERS.,

| Life and \ceckient Companies De Net Itke
Kish of Aerenauties.

Pivtseiec.. Maes, Aug. 30 Sidney
drew of St. Louis, whe had arranged
for a series of qualifying flights in the
balloon Pittatield, his object being to get
a license as a balloon pilot, has written
jto the Pittefleld Aero Clib that he will
jnot make the fighte

He carries large insurance and |:fe and

| when Groark got there. William Mendel. | accident companies have threatened to | (a)

cancel the policies if he takes up balloons
ling #8 a sport

| SOLDIERS MAY RE SOCTALISTS.

Party Becretary Se Decktes After Finding |
~~ a ithe reporters that a man who did nos

That Many)
Cassidy

Are.
general organiver

|
biiward fF

{ the Socialiet party, wrote recently to!

! Mahlen Barnes, national secretary,
asking whether Unjted States soldiers
vere eligible for membership in the party

Secretary Parnes.” he said last might,
*looked through the constitution of, the
party carefisliy and finds that the army
men cannot be legally eachided from
ithe party Groups of officers of the army
stationed in the Philippines and a number
of army officers in other places are already
lmembers of the party and are anxious
| for active cooperation with party mem-
bers in general in promoting a national
agitation among the men in the army
for socialism. | regard the prospects
of conversion of many army men to
socialiam as very bright °

 

IMPROVING JOHN JAY PARK.

Groark telephone! [or | payeround and Other Features to Cost

| @32,000 New Grass for Broadway.

Park Commissioner Stover announced
veaterday that contracta had been let
for improving John Jay Park and the
upper part of the Boulevard
Park lies between Seventy-siath
Seventy-eighth streete along the Faat
River It has been unimproved and the
boys have used it for a ball ground.
There are now to be an athletic fleld, a
playground and the other usual park
features. The cost of improvement will
he $52,000

Broadway is to be improved from 110th
to 122d street The central grass plota
will be made over with new soil, trees are
to be plapted and an iron ratling erected
around each block The work will cost
$50 0)

FINDS A HUSBAND ARROAD.

Youthful “Mies Bruenn Went Away
Study and Will Be Married.

Rela Schwarez of the Royal

of the Austro-Hungarian army

Laeut
Guards

yesterday morning oarrying wunder his
arm a bundle of swords On his face
was a happy «smile The Lieutenant
has come over to get married to Miss
Margaret Amelia Bruenn, daughter of
Mr and Mra Louis S Bruenn of 200 Weat
12th street) Mr
tendent of a branch
insurance companies

of one of the life

friends were on the pier to greet the travel-
ler, and one of them said that this was
1 real, genuine romance

Mise Bruenn, who turned 16 only in
July. some six months ago got ahead
of her classes in atudies. So her mother
took her over to Budapest to study there
They had not been in the Hungarian city
a month before Lieut) Schwarez turned
up and he immediately began to woe

Such impetuosity did he display that
the two were soon engaged and Mre
Rruenn brought her daughter back here
to get the trousseau ready The mar
riage will take place next Sunday The
reason why the Lievtenant brought his
awords along was that he wanted to put
on his uniform when he geta marred
He also brought the uniform, which is

| said to he very gorgeous
| :

Ce
me ee
eee

| NFOUTRALIZE PANAMA CANAD.

Mr. Kelffer Improves on German Proposal
in Interpartiameniar) Conference.
| special Came Despotchto Tar sun
| Breessecs, Aug. ® ‘The interpariia-
mentary peace conference unanimously
adopted to-day a resolution submitted by
Herr Pachnicke of Germany in favor of
keeping all straits and oceanic canals
j open to’ the world’s commerce in time of
war as well as in time of peace.

Mr. Keiffer of the United States urged
the neutralization of the Panama Canal
He said. “It ought to be made a sacred
example of peace, where no fortifications,
threatening guns, army battalions, battle
flags or other evidences of war will be
ever seen”

Mr. Keiffer foreshadowed as possible
sequences of the neutralization of the
canal the neutralization of the high seas
and the prevention of war everywhere

NEW HAMPSHIRE QUAKE.

Three Seconds of Shock
Loud Notee Near Lake Sunapee.

Newport, N. H., Aug %. -An earth-
quake caused considerable excitement
|in this section of New Hampshire to-day,
but did no damage In this town ree.
| dents felt @ distinct trembling of the
earth and dishes rattled on the shelves of

 

 

 

got the names of 426 Omaha houses
The shock came at about 0:30 A. M and |

‘lasted for three seconds. It was aocom-
panied by aloud noise resembling thunder

The whole region about Lake Sunapee
was shaken and the summer cottagers

The were somewhat alarmed

Genuine crystal pebble ey egiasees, ine cooikind, MAM. x A bag mer bs me
oe extra — Ate.

 

 

*s, 31 Maiden Lane
—

John Jay |
and |

came ashore from the Kaiser Wilhelm IT |

Brouenn is the superin- |

The bride-to-be, her family and several |

CAME FROM ATLANTIC CITY

Daughter of Henry Fitch of Oak-
| land, Cal, Disappointed
Over Career.

The girl who tried to kill herself tm-the
| Hotel Astor late on Monday night went

to the operating table in Flower Kospital ,

late yesterday afternoon resolutely con-
cealing her identity. Late last night she
was identified as Vera Fiteh of Oakland,
| She had been at Atlantio City for
/ the summer with her mother. She wes e
| danghter of the late Henry Fitoh.

! At midnight last night Dr. Bernard
Hughes of the Flower Hospital staff told

‘core to have his name revealed but who
i} declared he was a member of the family
of the young woman had called at the hos-
pital about 10 o'clock and positively
| dentified her. Upon the facts which thie
inerson had given him Dr. Hughes formu-

| lated the following statement;

“The young woman ho attempted sul-
cide at the Hotel Astor on Monday night
ia Mine Vera Fitch, daughter of Henry
Fitch of Oakland, Ce! , who died two years

ago

*Mre. Fitch and her daughter had been
‘spending the summer at Atlantic City,
‘hut came to New York a few days ago
visiting friends She had talked in @
jmanner that had caused remark by her
\ friends, but no serious apprehension as
to her mental condition had arisen

‘Miss Fitch never was a member of any
‘theatrical company, had never been on
| the stage and had no intention to appear

upon the stage She was dejected over
| her literary failure, her greatest interest,
| but had no reason other than that which
| her family can trace Now that the name
has been published her mother, who is
| prostrated, gives out these facts, there
| heing no reason for withholding infor-
| mation any longer. as it was hoped that
if she lived her identity might remain
| unknown ¥
Dr Hughes replied in answer to a
| question that the conclusion of his state-
| ment did not signify that Miss Fitch was
dead She was doing fairly well at mid-
night, he said
| “You should know.” said Dr. Hughes
gently, in trying to induce the girl to give
her own + ame during the day, “that your
jcordition is very serious Wouldn't it be
| better to tell us who you are or to give the
names of friends or relatives we couki
commuricate wii! %
“I want to die,” she said “I want my
condition to be serious. I won't tell you
who | am or where I came from. My
| people shall never know”
“Will you tell us your name?” said the
doctor
| “Oh. ves, Pll give you a name. “said the
| ir! “Alice Cole ”*
Rut she smiled jueerly when she gave
‘the name and the doctors telt convinced
that it waar't the right one
At330P M Dr Hughes, the house sur-
| geon; Dr Stewart and Dr Roberts admin-
istered ether and began the operation
hey found that the bullet had entered
her left breast a little below the heart
and that it had penetrated the left lung
jand punctured the tip of the large intes-
tine It ia buried in the muscles of the
back and the surgeons did not make an
effort to remove it The bullet had
atruck a corset stay of steel and had been
deflected, otherwise the girl would have
been stiecessful at once in her attempt
to end her life
She stood the shock of the operation
very well, Dr Hughes said last night,
but «he hasn't an even chance to get well

*The puncturing of the large intestine
makes her case look bad,” said Dr Hughes.
*Thirty-eix hours will tell ~

Three letters which were found pinned
in the bosom of the girl's dress indicated
that she had been in New York two vears
and that she had grown tired of struggling
to make a living as a writer In these
letters she complaingd of “the insincerity
and sordidness and disillusionment of
life.” and that “it ia really deplorable that

a girl cannot get along honorably in New

York" She wrote that she might have
succeeded had she “conceded to the
wishes of men- cultured, yes, usuailv
moneyed, yea’ but never moral” Death,
ashe concluded, was preferable to such
things

It seemed probable that the girl had
made an attempt to earn a living by writ-
ing. Several pages of manuscript verse,
entitled “Thessalia.” were found in her
pocket. In one of her letters she said
ashe had been at work on a book which
it would take a year to finish On one

| piece of manuscript she carried she had
written, “This ie my pet story. I want
it buried with me.”

The letters were written to her mother,
‘to « sister and to a friend. She did not

 

 

 

: © | address any of these by name and she

did not sign her name. After the letter
to her sister she had written a name which
looked like Norah, but was probably Vers

but the word had been blotted over and

scratched out. She wrote this for her
mother

Never reproech yourself for whet | am
ahoutto do You have beenan of love

to me, and I regret that | cause you this
| trouble. The force of Fate hae preven tov
for me to cope with and it hae driven

strong
me against the wall, and being defenceles*
') pesort to this cowardly 7? ? 7 act

i Then too I hate the insincerity, sordidness

-——_—