Eee ——————— oO el Oe

 

Pice #* &

Fel U asPWE 844 8 28 BPE Ee

     
    
  

   

AGREE TO PRESENT
ROOSEVELT’S NAME.

Progressives Will Force
Fight on Sherman
at Saratoga.

TO CHOOSE NEW CHAIRMAN

Will Make Contest at Meeting of
the State Committee
Say They'll Win.

Mr Greer, Mr Kracke and Mr
om are agree! that Mr Koosevelt «
e shall be presertei to the comirg
e convertion asa cardidate for tem.
sry chairman an! also that they will
"heir best endeavors to have included
he party platform a direct romina-

tons plank.”

Ine foreqgoirg statemeat was issue!
efter conferences had beea held vesteriay
e:ween Chairman Griscom of the Re-
puplican county committee, Frei Greir er,
ne Repubhean leader of Buffalo, C«\-
lector of the Port William Loeb, Jr. hx
was tescribe i by some of those attendir «
the corferer cea to be acting aa the repre
sentative of Mr. Roosevelt; Fre‘erick J
H Kracke, Naval Officer of the Port
ex Mavor 4 ©. Cutler of Rochester
state Serator Daverport of Utica, Mr
Sherman's home town; Darwin R. James
Ir the presijent of the Brooklyn Young
Pepublican Club, and Senator G. B. Agnew
of New York

These men were not all in conference
“th Mr Griscom at ore time They
met him at differeot times in the day
some of them in the morring ard after-

moon at Mr. Griscom's law office ard
ohere at hurcheon with Mr. Griscom
at the Downtown Association The

ompmmon decision reache! was that plans
should be mace immetiately for contests
at the primary elections to insure the
owntrol of the Republican State conver -
tion to the progressives

From reports which Mr. Griseom has |

received from all parte of the State he
f& cor fidert that the progressives will be
able to dominate the convection I[' is
tehevel by Mr Roosevelt's friends that
the old guard will have undivitei cele.
g@tiors only from Albany. Syracuse
acd Rochester Serator Davenport sai |

vesterday that there weuld certainly
be a diviled delegation from Utica The
same will be found to be true. wo waa

sail vestercay after the corfere>ceas, in
every other courty in the State The
fWogressives Zo #0 far aa to assert that

present appeara’ces iocicate that they
wtll have at least 55° of the 1.015 cele.
Gatosto the corvestior. which wille ale
thera to defert the Rarres Woo | riff

Ward-Wataworth com ivatior

It was asserted also vesterday by those
in the conferences that the Rooseveit
men wil! be in a position to outvote the
machine leaders when the State committee
meee in Saratoga on September 7 the
dev before the convention It was ae
elured that when the resolution to name
Mo Rooseveit as temporary chairman of
the convention was voted down and Viee-
Presidant Sherman was selected instead
at the State committee meeting in this
erty on August 16 thie result was brought
avout by trickery on the part of Barnes,
“Woodruff and Ward It was asserted
tha’ by meane of carefully worded tele-
zane they had intimated nothing would
re done at the meeting beyond the nam-

 

THE SINGLE FACT

That we do more actual build-
ing than our competitors, means
a sasing «' middle profits.

It also , uis the question of
quality right up to us.

As for the element of time—

When we start to erect a
building, each of our many de-
Fariments moves up into place
in proper sequence, as regi-
ments pass before review.

But you cannot get that sort
of discipline from a contractor
who recruits his forces over-
night every time he ge:s a job.

THOMPSON.STARRETT
COMPANY

Building Construction
Fifty-One Wall Street

direct nominations will be taken to the
floor of the convention

The old guard leaders, \t was said yes-
terday. make no secret of their willingness
to have the direct nominations iseue
fought out on the floor of the convention
because they beliewe that even if they
conld not obtain enough delegates to de
feat Mr Roosevelt for the temporary
chairmansiip they could get a majority
Vote against « direct nominations plank
According to statements inade vesterday
after the conferences Woodruff and Barnes
know already that they will not be able
to defeat a motion for the rescinding of
the Sherman resolution. and that even if

they thought they could they are averse |

to taking any action which might lead to
the humiliation of Mr Sherman by putting
the question to the vote of the delegates
of the convention They are fully aware
that on the day preceding the convention
Mr Roosevelt's name will be presented
and the intimation has found ite way to
Mr Griscom that the old guard would be
giad to enter into arrangements which
| would allow the selection of Mr Sherman
as temporary chairman to stand and to
have Mr Roosevelt elected the permanent

| chairman, and then to have the fight in|

the convention between the two factions
based entirely on direct nominations
It is not likely that the Rooseveli men

 

THE SUN,
"KILLS ASSASSIN IN OFFICE

tierinu ese ores
iV” 1 BOMB.

wrenornp
five meriers

Diecharzed Special Veent ef Gireat Nerth-
ern Shet Bewn iter Me Had Ennptied

 

tre Revelher amt tad Threwn
a Pint Betile of Nitrest cerine
Sr Pact. Mivt Aug ® 6) OP Welsh,

a cischarge! special agent of the Creat
Northere Ratlroa’. was shot and iostantly
billet to-day by ALG. Ray. chief of the
road's special agents. after Walsh hal
hurled a bottle containing ritrogiveerite
an! fire! five times at Kay in an attempt
to take his life

The bettl contaired erough
glycerit eto blow up the building in whieh
the trage iv was enacte '

The shooting took place in Ray's office
im the Great Northern tuthding Hay
gave himself up imme tiately after Welsh
was kille | and iw held by the police It ts
televel that ro formal charge will be!
mace against him. for the authorities are
convirced that he ectel wholly u

‘eferce

ritre

sell

Welsh had been special agent for the
Great Northern mo Lributh. but had bee:
| discharge! by Ray because he had shot
and woundel George Miller i. an affray
bear Duluth not long ago Kay said that
Welsh had fire i on Miller without provo
ealion

Welsh left the Great Northern on July,
21 Siiee then he had Leeu calling almoet
taily at Ray's office, asking for reemploy-
ment and demarcing @ recomrmendation. |
When Ray refused he threateral his life

Yesterday Welsh went to the Union
| Station here where he told Johu Lare the
station Cetective. that he would “get Ray
vet” Laretold him to keep still and leave
the premises and Welsh then tnreatene i
| Lat e's life
| Karly to-tae tefore Rar reached hie
j office, Welsh appeare! and askel Uhref
Clerk Lewis Heas if there wae ary mail

for him On being told that there was
hot he left. saving Where ia Al?”
“He will be in in @ few minutes”
jewered Hess
Tell him Vl be back
jhe went out

ar

said Welsh as

willagreetoany such compromise They

are entirely confident that they will be | A minute or two later Ray appeared

able to control both the meeting of the | #Pl going to his private office began to
open his mail While he was thus em

State committee and the majonty of the
delegates to the convention. and they in
tend to seal Mr Roosevelt as the tem
porary chairman, to insert the direct
nominations plank in the platform. to de-
feat the plot whieh Mr rhes and Mr
Woodruff had in mind last week of stam
| peding the convention for the nomination
of Roosevelt for Governor and then elim
inate bim from future influence in the
Republican party affairs of the State bv
(defeating him at the polls

After the conferences vesterday ail
‘that Mr. CGinscom would say was that
there was not the least dole that the
‘reeult of the primary
be to send to the convention a majority
of delegates who would be in favor of
the progressive pro mme Mr Greiner
assert that the old guard faction would
not have 25 per cent of the delegates
to the convention Mr (Gremer was in
favor of the proposal to call a specta!
meeting of the State comrnittee to re
consider the Sherman-Roosevelt vote
but he allowed himself to he persuaded

that the hest eourse to follow world he
to allow matters to remain in abevance
until the adjo immed meeting oo: the com
mittee on September 26 He said that

the whole of the western part of the State
favored direct nominations

The attendance of Naval Officer Kracke
and Mr James at the conferences md)
cated that there is to be a sharp attack
made on the continuance of Mr Wood
riff’'s basmemn of the Republican organ

  

zation of Brooklyn Both men
great invuence in Brooklyn. tut hitherto
they have nel been working together
Kracke until the last dav or twe as heen
Unde aided as ty whether he would star
an active opposition to Woodrit Hi«
Presence vesterday af the conferences
seemei to unply that he has made up
has rind finallv to try to wreat the con
trel of the regolar organization from
MW oodrnf

Mr James sand

“Thos tat. os the beet te that vuld
bave happened ¢. the Repullican arty
Tt will clear the atmosphere “ pro

gressives will win tue fetnporary chair

 

  

 

 

 

 

elections would |

have!

ployed Welsh appeared unannounced at
| the door and began to shoot at Ray Wath
the firet shot Ray dropped to the floor

behind his desk, and using that as a
eecreen kept out of harm's war while
Weish fired five shore When Welsh

ceased firing, Ray stood up from behind
his desk and fired killing hic assailant
instantly
Weish's shots struck the wall immed
ately behind Ray s desk and within a few
jinehes of Ray's head He fired with his
right hand and seemed to be feeling for
| something in his pocket with his left
As Ray brought his pistol inte action |
Welsh fired his last «hor Then he threw
the package which he bad taken from
his pocket The bullets from Rav s re
volver seemed to confuse Welsh and he
peat little force into himarm Rav did not
realize unti! afterward that the pacsage
| contained a flesk of nitrogiveerine with
, a cap attached
Rav « shot« were deadly
of the ein bullets took effect
rered intean anteroom and fe
Detective James Murnarme picked ip
jthe flask of nitro-@iveerine that Welsh
had thrown at Hay The explosive filled
flask It was wrapped in hoawy
j>rewn paper Holes had been out care
folly through the top of the paper. and the
percussion cap which was attached to a
fuse which would have set off the Quid
was pushed through the holes
} “There was enough to destroy the whole

At least four
Welsh stag
dead

' nt

 
 

building ~ said Murnane “The heavy
paper prevented the explosion it een
et Thatatis remarkable i didnot go off
It is beheved that Welsh had brood sd
;over his discharge and dec ded to &
Mav The fact that he carried a second
ivy revolver and ettra ammunition
th him is taken by the police as an inca
eatron that he was desperate Hea.
the revolver there were found in his
clothes a large k koufe 4a percussion

 

rity cartrid@es and some

toroner

tw three

cat
| valuables and money
trving to learn something of the home and

Jones is

family of Welsh The jody bee tyelad

at the morgue for several days pending

Will
|

  

 

sof the eonvention and the direct | orders from relatis
f the date and place the ven. Mmanshiy f | re from relatives

. hy Tr > ae eee ae Oe Sa nominations plank and will) nominate -

on was asserted that in this way and elect a progressive candidate for!) qp asm td ELECTION IN pou nt

‘rev fecured prowess from men who Governor | don't think thar the old : ;

woiid have veted different!y had they guard will get more than from .8 to gaward S. Ore Thinks He Mas Defeated

orn prerent personally Soho oy a jl aaa —7 Wickersham fer Delegsare
Y ratoe@en onvention
de ! ° d >

_ _ lett of Qurene Joseph H a | Tacoma Sugust 30 Edward S (rr

" < . gt an’ George | —~ anr wave HER CHALDREN. Republican candidate for Delegate for

ve P ed ,

6 ichmond were represented by < Ateska against Delegate Jonse Wicker:
oxy and it was said that they would not Referee Clinch Favors Increase of Aiea nied toedev from the north
ae voted against the Honsevelt reseo- mons Father te herp Offapring way of Bering Sea, having finished his

i ‘ ‘ ‘i f Ww
ten had they heen at the meeting Béward S Cheech, the referee who took «phiriwind™  « am paign He declares

eider Cireiner of Erie, who had been tesnimory or av applieats by Chaut cey | y

y ot ' rehain «@ recleetion me ty ne
edint the belie’ as result of the tele- > Mek ' : 3 m= . j wonerenair wr lee 1 ne means
; ’ a ‘ | IeKrighi, a heeth « cow trnete 10 | certain and he believes complete returns
rams he had received tha’ there wasno ame ‘a cecree of se eration from Louise | will show himself elected He saves there
ed fe F ' d o> ie , — ° ria. A
‘ for hws two comreitteemen, Jobn SS MeK ight. fe’ bis recor westerts ‘are at least 2.500 men west of Seward
nm. Jr, and Witham H Daniets. and! refusi: gto permit Mra Mek: ight to haves ype vores havenot aa vet hau eeemived
ra rt , Allegany , eusto'y¥ twe ef r oy ‘ .
veo Frank B. Utter of Allegan who 19 | the ae vy of ore rs 2 ony ot | The mai! etearmer leaves Valdes once
ait 'e a'so controlled byw him. tw | 13 a a virrace Sye re. tor three (ave!
aveek. although Men: ight was ttitioe farnonth tor Western Alaskan settlements
fectake the long journey to thie city ‘ ab. be ‘ | s 1
{ terday that if he had hed any McK ight got the custevofthechitiren |ineluding the nearer Aleutian Islands
He Seer : ’ YY or the grour {of his wife’ of temperance | Kristel Kay and Cook Inlet ports The
¢ . , ‘4 ,
ec of what was to happen at the com- and’a ruling that Mis MeKnight may lateamer Dora is now ont oon thie trip
‘tee meeting he would have had hia oi iv call art see the chil're twice | When she reaches Valdez in Septet er
en a’ the meeting to vote for the Roose. week Phe referee sy ! ‘ er fit i helheved the count oan be cornpleted
e' reer lution ° eee . a = * of a rane eine theugn offical returns must go todiunean
>| eifare sm of t “ >
‘oother statement marie vesterday tl _ » ' ' ‘ pet ioe, Rese rea > — ed from
" . ee wuhU titans atv neko tmomng
“a that Benjamin B Odell. Ir Whe ti Ut ter the rceparats ecree Mrs « mane Gaiden reveral pointe near ¢ ane
. ‘ « , we . J
* eo he went to Europe left his proxy | MeK: ight at firet gor the chil re arcthe| pee of Wales
a Luther Battle, associated officielly _ of @ house at agu wees — Ste | Chairman Blur of the Alaska Republi
° r ' e toms te PY ar
the Siate committer and whoae | AME er hg. | ton tem ames a aan acmmitiee deviates at cortitm. his
was used in support of the Sherman jback wy hate, corpus precee lings | telef that « may ane ee ims will give
i 7 seer \ y, Orr a plurality over rokersham. Lens
nm. could be depended on to vote | she lost MeK icht hel that his wife) os cokleford, the Alaska member of
aconst any plan which Barnes might Baie! up ty he . oe e he hal the! the Republoan national committee. was
z : oon th We iter ‘ame ut
> forward at the meeting of the com- Calas th a Sea ‘ . ge at tna lat Kaltag, on the lower YVikon, vesterda,
o . m te «
‘tem on the day hefore the convention | gna must give up the houre but i crease) | He eunes iy Tac ne - ine Bien —
. » ' ach reaches ' to ,
is 1 Ose pay ye sterday by one of the her alimor y from $159 9 een to $20 er aa lef rd hn a ' ‘an 7 - S Ps wh
ferees (dell hae no particular love for —_—— — — natin He is investigating the vote in
weveit but he has a hatred of Barnes The Weather Yisen Toe precincts and will see that
' would net allow him to give his vote Aue 3) The tow pressure which covered the Orr's interests im that seetion are fully
e committee te any resolution that | Northwest on Monday was foret vortheastward | pretecte| _ .
“yee roight support | bs an aren of high pressure from the north Pa tf rs 04.00 THR KGtae
| 4a was om reme westers
The resolution to neme Mr Ronae- | ost 474 = entra omer on asestern SOCTALISTS PR.
lL Omtartoe vesterda — oe
‘
elt aa the temporery chairman of the! wo of the country was overed to teolarce Betehstag Called On at 40 Mectings to
nvention was loet by a vote of 15 to 2 | areas of high pressure “ith centres o the lower ( counteract Hits Dtvine Right Taik.
wae asserted vesterday by those who! st Lawrence Valley and o Ws ore j - oem Eebbaich te Gan Gon
tended the Gr . eo es t fain fell in Missour the “py M wing. lane a -
= rh . ee pom canmaren has | Valiew ana ipoer lake regions. on the sont i Braun, Aug. Fort Secial- Deere.
another meeting of the committee were | Atlantic and wes! Gulf coasts, and there were! cratic meetings were held in varios ports
1 immediately the Roosevelt members | snowers in the Northwest bof the eapital to-"aeh?, at) whirr ewe
ld 6 a substantial majority per: | it was genera fair over the ner heastern lutions were adovted stro naly cond n
ariv on view of the fact that some of | States ‘ine the hee f him “divine siehe’
' « ser in r rhin ¢ le ¥
Federal officeholders on the commit-| |! "as Bermerin Penn uae re eneeeh ar.4 denandin: that the Reicwe
aeal a hey jand lake regions «end coor vest and so. hwes ° -

: tet for Sherman ber mune They | of ine unper Mississippl Valley and throughout) tag f strengthen the safeguards
told that President Taft de- on. uo Mountains of the o netiout |
eection j There were foost« in the eatreme Northwest | ————

nident were those who decided! in thiset)) the day was fatr uitle term perat Mars. dour VWother Wants ten
7 : chang? ad ‘re wtheas! average fh sit
tas ) present Mr loomevelt's F oar ven ceaini orrectes to real to ea. |) Mre Dora Greenstein of 1651 Ratheate
again for the temporary chair- joo6) gee oe POM wom laverne, The Hrony t ki the police at the
f the convention of easy vic- The temperature yesterda@, , as recarded he Tren of avenue elation best might that
+ the discussion turned mostly | offictal thermuneter. ts shown in the annete het Fritovae wotoan calletat her house
estion as to the adviaabilitw of  >'* 0 = ae 7 skel .f she mient lake Mre ire
special meeting of the State’ oa w e or ap oi ae a . See ae
ae a 1 th ction taken at |'2 ¥ oar. * a for veek * sting we woman narict |
O° 10) PEROINE TRS ROTOR CEESW OF) DP. Mw 72" 12 Mid n 6° that she was from a fresh air fund society |
naoon Auguet 16 and to mubeti- | tignest temoerature TM arto MM Mra Cireenstemn was willing ond simply |
naine of Mr Roosevelt for Mr | e.emtsatos vores ast for Tooat wane dresses] Mary up in her beat and sent her
worn lef Nothing has heen heard fron Mary
“ ar Mra Greenstein is b
stements by frenda of Wood Foe rasioon Sew Sars. party candy on wn 5. . |
’ . ie) ,
Rarnes and the leadera who are) cat warmer ity thowers * ‘ pest 7 . }
| we nee rie fa marte a ” -
th them it was learned they are ae cla kins tara tg eh dap dat : Killed by Seven Tons ef Doors Falling on |
o i a y is.¢ , y
ermuch concerned in mak ing Mr » novos Him |
TA an tee hut they are defer-| |or New tngiand. partly cloudy and somewhat Thomas Kennr. ® vears old. of 498
| 2 . :
Pte Aght against a direct nominations | warmer to day. to morrow pariiy cloudy. smew | aoe Ale Jereey City, was crushed
*! . ers to verthern portion, cooler lo interior. mode °
” Eth, A Can SNES renee rate soritheast to south wins sh fling to westerty | ty death vesterday afternoon by seven
| Ormeoom « offee not to call i: ane fireproof doors which fell upon him ae he
real meeting. but to leave the rer the strict of Colombia eastern Penn | wae helping (> take them from a freight
heen is ne te the acrourned ayicania New ersey) and =| “Mar, lend partly carat 149 Communi paw avenue, that city
- he committee in Saratoga ggio i« ned somewhat warmer lo day. to mo | The doors were conaetrin ted of concrete
e old guard should be able to wet) fair cooler os mlebht Ueht to maderate southeast sawdust and steel and weighed a ton
* ' wes te have the direct moat > arith winde one W northwesterly tw | apiece The beady was sent to Hughes «
v an voted dewn the fight on tho] merres yore

 

   

 

SDAY,

  

The Captain
Of The

Lusitania

Cap’. Charlies of the big
steamship Lusitama says many
men will probably doubt that
the AutoStrop Safety Razor wil!
give a head barber's shave. Bur
he saves it they will trv it, the:
will be surprised, as he was,
to find this is true.

You ¢ remove
blades 'o sharpen clean.
Strops itself auromaticall
No other razor does this.

Ger one. Trs
does net give you a head
barber shave, take it back.
Dealer has authority trom us
to retund vour money.

Will vou put i:
forget it, ;
one this morning ?

.
ne

the

or

  

lt ie

of

vou

and
get

or wil

RAZOR
Strope Itself

Try one et our demonstrating
shop, 33° Fifth Avenue, rear
sted Se Every nvenience tor
shaving No canon whatever

 

 

CHOLFRA SCARF IN RERLIN.

Four Certain Cases tn Spandau. and Many
Suspicions (nes There and in City.

. , ce 1 «’ s

Four additional cases

Asiatic cholera

pecs ‘
Pratis. Aug.
of what is suspected ©

carve

i”

 

and onedeath are reported from Spandau
nine miles from Kerlin to-tav Phis
bas caused the scare in this city and ite
etitvairte te hecome more pronounced
There is a great ron oon aerate! waters
and a mg slump in ths eale of fruit Tie
Atiorties are talking the greatest pre
aulionse to prevent spread of the
disease
Iwo women whe lived in the houm
where the firet suspected cases were dis.
covered) = were taker to-day The:
“ removed toa epita
Several cases of Inessw wih cholera
av optome 6ere reported ths evening
from Spandau and some even in Berti
proper Many persens have been quaran
finesiin both places either in their own
dwellings or in wolated warde of the ho«
| pirals

No further case of actual Asiatic cholera
has been certifiedto ty the medica! author
ities

boe newapapers are full of the eubjeet
They print long articles explaining the
seymptome of the disease, the methods to
be used for avoiding it and the remedies
to be appled when i is suapected

SENATOR FIRBINS IN PARIS?

To Meet Abraszi There, They Sey, Natian
Royalty Having Given In
"fet ine Tre Sts
Panis Aug 3) Newspapers announce
thal Senator bikine arrived in Paria from
Antwer, last evening The Duke of the
Abrugr) is expected here next week after
with the King of Italy on

Deeparca ta

a conaeuttatior

the latter «return from Montenegro The
kine) family after meeting the Duke

will vovage on the Itahan lakes
beoclesiastical circles in Rome are al-

ready occupied about Miss Katherine

nversion to Catholieism, which
un indispensable condition to her mar-
riage with the Duke of the Abruzz

Pet SOS correspondent ia able to eon
ron the authority of an Italian Prince
the royal family has agreed to the
marriage ino principle. bevond which
nothing has been arranged

Fikins's «

firn

that

Friday. the 26th Senator Elkins
was at hia heme at Elkins, Wo Va
was called up oon the long distance tele
phone from Washington on that afternoon
and about a cable despatch
which said that bis daughter was to be
marred in Paris shortly and that he was
going abroad to witness the ceremony

The Senator replied that he intended to
remoarnoun his home for several! months
He denied any intention of going to Paris

When bout the marriage the
Senator said “I don't know anything
about a and | don’t want to be bothered
by questions about it any more *

(ony last

questioned

wsked

PORTCGAL TO ENPEL ORDERS.

Prime Minister Starts a Rigid Inquiry as
te Which Ones Have Legal Statas.
sp ‘ woh to TR Sts
Lisson, Aug % «The Prime Miriater
i gto reports, has ordere! a rigor

* [resn

nee t
ous quiry tote madeit
all religious or ers ir the country It
reporie lt that he hes direce 'that particu

lar ettention Le part to the foreign orters

' which have vot tee. establishe! accor |-

The members of these orders,
be expellel from the

ingte law
vw ow atate:
courtry

will

PUNISH BENGAL RERELS.

Transpertation Sentences for tl pper Class
Indians for Plotting Treasen.

ocr ‘ e lwep so THe Ses
Catreurrsa, Ane ®  bleven of the thir
teen Hengal< of the better class who

were arrested recently on a charge of @ar cammtsston to the Centennial ere |

conspiring to wage war on the King of
Great Botan and broperor of India were
convicted to-day

They were sentenced to transportation
for terme varying from three to seven

years :
€71(R IND CZARINGA IN HESSE.

800,000 Troep Protect Them Fn Reate
From tt. Petershareg te Priedbers.

Special Cattle Deepoteh to Tae Sus

Rerun, Aug % The (Czar and Czarina
arrived safely at Fredberg, Hesse, to-day
It ws figured that 100,000 Kusman and Ger -
man troops were employed in guarding
the 1.400 miles of railway over which they
travelled

Detectives errested three supposed
Russian terroriate to-day in the neighbor-
hood of Friedberg

AUGUST 31,
‘SCRAPPY DAY FOR SOCIALISTS|

conrection with |

1910.

HILL OUIT DOWNS DE LEON IN
COPENHAGEN CONGRESS.
Sortal Laber Unien Gets Only One Seat
After Turbulent Sresion- tusirians
and Rehemians by the Fars Met War
fer Peace Gradua. Disarmament

Special Came Derpanmkto Tar Sus
Copennsoen, Aug © There were
violent scenes and some actual fighting

 

during the meeting of the apecial com- |

mittees of the International Socialist

Congress here to-day The
were long and exciting and there was so
much rowdy ism that on several occasions
the speakers had to stop in the middle
of their addresses

The question as to which party from the
United States should be recognized caused
the greatest excitement Morris Hillquit
of New York represented the Socialists.
while Daniel De Laon was the delegate
from the Social Labor Union, who spoke
for that organization The commission
finally adopted a motion by Mr Hillquit
that the party represented by Mr De
Leon was entitled to only one vote out
of the fourteen in the delegation
' The committee on international dis-
armament appointed a sub-committee
(to take up the detaila of this subject
Mr Hillquit, representing America, 'ntro-
duced a resolution calling for the redue
tion of all military budgets and proposing
\ that all diaprtes be arbitrated in order
‘that war may be averted
| It is expected that this resolution will
| be adopted by the full congress when it
| Bene to-morrow
| At to-night's meeting there was a vio-
lent dispute between the Austrian and
| Bohemian delegates caused by the Bo-
| hemian socialists having started national
trade union |\terature in their own lan-
j;gnage Dr Victor Rerger of Milwaukee
opposed the Bohemians He approved
| local papers and literature in the various
languages, but declared that the national
unions must be united, otherwise there
' ,
would be forty national umiona in each
| induetmal branch, which would he im-
possible in America
| A motion against
adopted asserting that
to the Austrian organization

A sensational letter from M Brand
the Freach Prime Minister, has heen re-
| ceived by the convention declaring that
he is sti!l a socialist despite the fact that
he favored important nulitary expenses
The letter conciuded with a
sympathy from Mo Brand's socaliat
comrades of all countmes participating
in the congress Some members of the
international #ocialiste bureau are
elined to consider the letter a fake

The convention before it closes will

the Bohemians was

pass a resolution condemning the Kaiser's |

“divine rught? apeech at Konigeberg
A neoret conference of the Socialiat dele

Gates who are members of various parlia
iments diecnased gradual disermament by
jannua yf the proportional
strength of each Power The British dele-
gates were of the opinion that the Liberal
would such a plan
The Germans aad it was impracticable at
n Germany, but they were con

vinced that the neat elections for mem
bers of the Reichstag would increase the
Socialist strength so enormoualy that they
would be able to compe! the Government

reductions

Cloverninent favor

fresent

to consider the question

All the other delegates agreed with the
idea except the Ruestane who deciared
that the Drima could not be influenced to

agree to disarmament
CRIPPEN TN PRISON HOSPITAL.

Suffers From Nervous Reaction: Se Dees
Fthel Le Neve Card Exptained
reet we lmepatch far see

( TLoxwpos, Aug Dr Hawley Harvew
Crippen, whe was arraigned in Bow Street
Court vesterday for the murder of hie
wife Relle Elenore. the actress. is in the
prison hoepital His trouble ia not serious
and ws belheved to be due to nervous reac-
tion after vesterday's ordeal. The fact
that he was in the heepital was brought
through inquiries made by Arthur
Newton, his solicitor
rangements for furnwhing the doctor
with food while in jail The authorities
informed him that no such arrangements
were necessary for the present. as the
doctor waa in the hospital

While Crippen i in the hospital of the
Brixton Prison, Ethel Le Neve is in
Holloway Jail hospital in consequence of
hav ing fainted after the court proceedings.
There ts reason to believe that each pris-
joner was placed in hospital to prevent the
poasitulity of anicide with pomon by
jother means supplied by friends furnish
hing them with food which i# allowed as an
‘alternative to prison rationa but not to
hospital diet

“

on
jont

the

or

discussions |

they must bel ng |

request for

m- ;

ARRESTS

in reference to ar-)

 

   

|

 

.6J. SLOANE

Decorative Furnishings

[NX variety and exclusiveness of de-.

sign and color effects, our
plays of Floor Coverings and Deco
ive Materials cannot be approached.

Wilton Carpets Oriental Rugs
Brussels Carpets Kalliston Rugs
Axminster Carpets Imperial Rugs
Velvet Carpets Axminster Rugs.
Linoleums Wilton Rugs
Mattings Mohegan Rugs
Lace Curtains Fine Furniture

Wall Papers Draperies
Upholstery Fabrics Shades

      
 

 
  

     
  

  
 
 

    
     
    

     

     

   

    
     
 

 
       
    
  
 

|
’

|

   

Broadway & Nineteenth Street

 
 
 
 
  

     

Just Published

Once Upon a
Time

|
|

   

  

  
  

Richard ‘Hard in

     

Davis

  
 

 
 

His First Book of Stories

in Nine Years

    
 

Charles Scribner’s Sons

  
     

VR. ADRIANCE EXPLAINS,
ts Story of the Necklace Which Is Caus-
ing Mrs. Adriance So Mach Troabie.
Povonkerrste, Aug 3) “The neck-
lace which Mre I Ko Adriance brought
from Europe and failed to declare to the
New York customa officials it was her
intention to send back again.” said her
husband at his home to-night

“It is not true, as has been stated, that
she had been negotiating for it several
years The list time Mre. Adriance was
was abroad was three years ago. When
she was in Paris thie summer the necklace
wassent fo her on approval by a friend in
Geneva She had not made up her mind
about buying it. but brought it over, feeling
that if finally she decided not to take it she

POST OFFICE CALLS A HALT ,

or

 

VICE-PRESIDENT
4 $20,000,000 EXCHANGE.

Charged That the Cooperative United Ex-
change Has Been Using the Matis to
Defraud tn a Get Rich Quick Swindle

Many Were Arrests Expected.

Cnuicaco. Aug % The ‘gas hag” of
\the Cooperative United Exchange. a
| $20,000,000 get rich quick corporation or- |
‘ganized last April under the laws of
' Arizona. was punctured to-day with the
arrest of William H. Holcomb, vice-presi-
dent and general counse!, by United States

Post Office inspectors at the Park row could return ot She did intend to
depot following his arrival here from return it

Washington. | Mr Adriance repudiated = entirely
| Holeomb is charged with using the’, gtarement that Mre Adriance had

maila for fraudulent purposes. Warrants.
for the arrest of the acknowledged prin
cipals in the big swindling dea! have béen
aworn out and a score of arrests are ex

| been hopeful of buying the necklace which
i ehe had concealed for four or five years;
also that she intended to bring it in duty
free to show him that she could do the

pected in various parte of the United 5: .

States by to-morrow. Strenuous efforts “Moat of the jewelry that Mre = Adri-
were put forth by the Government off- 114 had was what | had given her,®
cials to keep the arrest a secret and the a4i4 ir Adriance. She did not hap-
information only became public through pen to be wearing it and it was al! seized
the arraignment of Holeom!) before). the custome offciale | can easily

Commissioner Mark A
ow

United States
Foote, where he waa released in
Half an hour after the apprehension of

show when and where it was purchased
The diamond engagement ring which 1s

noted in the appraisal of the custome ex-
Holeomb the main offices of the concern

aminers a4 a three carat, pure white,
SOnes TED ab 1) Faen> ArO. See Caine | dawless diamond ring i# one and one-
land a wagonload of literature waa con-

— carats and was given by me to my
| flecated wi

° =e years ago as an en -

| The concern was organized at Phenix, ment ring It cost me $250." said Mr

Ariz.. in April of thie year Its alleged Adriance with a smile. “and | had tw
purpose waa to investigate corporations,

pineh at that time to get the money
“This ring was purchased from Van
| underwrite bond issues, to sell bond meues
land to act as a general financial informa-

‘Keuren, a Poughkeepsie jeweller who te
The general offices were

now dead, but the ring itself will show its
age) 3 The other jewels except the neck.

. }tion bureau
Mr Newton, who will visit the doctor iain = lace were purchased at intervals from
lon Thuraday, stated to-day that the| located in Chicago. with branches at | fiack Starr & Frost, Tiffany and Theo
wigoner had Given him an explenstic | Phenix, San Francisco and Washington ,dore B. Starr of New York This will be
5 « , P won According to the post office officials ita shown at the proper time The total

of the farewell message found on a card
in hie valine This message implied an
| Intention on the prisoner's part to commit
suicide and induce Mies Le Neve to
do likewise Mr Newton regards the
explanation as a good one but declines
to tell what it's or discuss it in any way
It is expected that the proceedings
before Magiatrate Marshall. which will
be resumed on September 6, will be com
pleted inseveno. eight eittings Between
twenty and thirty witness will he called

to

REGGIO TREWVARLES AGAEN.

Recion of Great Kerthywoakes Horror Has
a Reminder People in Pantie.
“pert came ate Tae St

Rreato or CALABRIA. Aug 3 There

Was a strong earthyuaie shock here at

1315 oelock this morning The people,

'wheo have not forgotten the last terrible

 

Dicapet

disaster of this nature, were greativ
alarmed and the entre popuiation is
,camping our

' The shock was alan fet at Measina,
| Gerace, Monte Leone Gailim, Milazzo
land Mileto Several of these places

suffered during the last earthquake, and
the people were panic stricken when the
quake was felt to-day

Orr FOR WENICO.
' pration Starts Soathward Te-rtay.
WasHtnoton, tug 3) The commission
named by Congress to represent thie Gov-
fernment at the centennial celebration to
fhe held in Megico city next month will
depart to-morrow The party will be
nade up aa follows
Senators Overman of North Carolina,
Cuggenbeim of Colorado, Crawford of

South Dakota, Representatives Foster of |

Vermont, Slayden of Texas, Denby of
Michigan, Judge Janes W. Gerard of the
Supreme Court of the State of New York
' Gen. Harrison Gray Otis of California and
| Charles Alexander Rook of Pennsylvania
e-Gov. Cortes Guild of Maamachiusetts
‘will go a8 personal representative of the
President Representative Willan
Howard, who was a member of the con
lmission, asked to he reheved of the as-
signn ent The vacancy “ae filed hry the
— of Representative Slayden

value of the jewelry in excess of the neok-
| lace was $10,000. and the lace which is
leaid to be so very expensive cost $75
| “Phere is no charge made against my
jdaughter She was innocent of anything.
; The gold purse and the lace were over-
looked in making the declaration and
there was no intention to emuggle either
When the customs officials made the
seizure they took everything, evenex
receipts, a letter of credit on which there

| real purpose was to sell its own $20,000 000
worth of bonds, bonds in the Califorma
Sanitanum and Farm Company, another
alleged wildcat achermne, and to bond “its
own employees” at 8 a head in the Metros
| politan Deposit and Truat Company. an-
other Arizona concern, organized by the
| promoters of the $20,000,090 parent com-
| The officers of the company are

| pany 1
| Elmer Comer, San Franciaco, president, “— & yee « and vial on —_

ie ; r Adriance spemally disclaims any

William H. Holeomh, formerty of San) Jiticiem of Collector Loeb and hia agente

| Diego Cal. vice-president and general
counsel: Al Wood Wilshire. secretary and
treasurer

The arrest of Holcomb and the iman-
ance of warrants for other officials ia!
said to have been the result of discloeures
| made by Fo Bo Bennett. division manager
, No. }. in charge of the Washington offices
| Previous to thie time, it is said, thou-

He regrets the unpleasant notoriety which
involves hie family as much as anybody
can and there 1s no disposition on his part
to fight or to do anything except what be
is called upon to do in the regular and
proper disposition of a case of this kind.

Friends of the Adriances say that Mra
Adriance waa undoubtedly influenced in
her course by a general custom

 

sands of pamphlets sent out by the con-| travellers to bring in personal articlea.
j cern had been confiseited by the mail if they can without paying duty. which
authorities \ contract made by the! they do not regard as emuggling because
Cooperative United Exchange with Ben-, they do not intend to sell articles for
nett is in the possession of the inspectors. profit Mrs Adriance denies that she

said that she recognized Special Agent
Wail as a man she saw while shopping in
a jewelry estore in Florence When she
was asked by the customs officials if ehe
had a necklace which was purchased tn
Florence she said thie waa not the case,
and ehe waa right, for she§had not pur-
ch he necklace and it did not come
from orence

The Adriances aay that the necklace

The extent of the corporation «® activi- |
ties is held a secret by the Poet Office
officiale Several hundred State mena- |
gers, local agents And representatives |
of the concern are said to be on the com-
pany's books Each of them is declared |
to have heen compelled to pay from $00
to $550 into the company's coffers j

Two methods by which the corporation |
is alleged to have ewindled its own em- |
ployees are as follows was valued at $4,000 inatead of $10,000 and

Fach employee who held a position | the dog collar, which is said to be worth
lower than State manager was com- | $6,000. was purchased in this country for
| pelled to buy $50 worth of stock in the | $4.000 The total value of all the jewelry
| company j was about $16,000 ;

Fach minor emplovee was compelled to Duty wae paid by Mre Adriance op 4
lhe bonded for $500 in the associate con-| long list of articles which she declared
foern, the Metropolitan Deposit and Trust j in regular form Mr Adriance denies
| Company i that he ia a millionaire

| For thw bond thew paid 66 cash each . a

Tb SZ Tae ee tos

State managers, under their contracts,
| were to receive their first year's salary
jin the atock of the concern
The Federal officialk charge that the
contracts which the agents entered into
| contained #0 many “jokers” that it would

he impossible for the employees to meet
ithe requirements As a result an endless
lehain of “fire and hire” would result, with
| $55 clean money going into the company's
| treasury with each appointment

New Jersey Central
EXCURSIONS

Lake Hopatcong

VVERTY vemer

AND EVERY SUNDAY.
St Fridays 420A Sua
AM. Ly Liberty St Fri-
Mo Suadays OOO A M.

    
  

ae

! Ne Extra (hearse for t

Advertisements for Tue Sus and Tas
F.ventne Stun may be left at any Ameri-

can District messenger office tn the cfty,

 

>

a gene ee ree

NS

—