Sas

nes

- PP
= ev

paca!)

Ta a a
viola,

ae = 5

 

 

VOI, LXX.—NO. 228,

BIG, STRIKES THREATENED.

ELEVATED MEN MAY GO OUT THIS
WEEK—HARBOR TROUBLE TOO.

 

 

 

Demand of the Conductors fer a @-Hour
Day Refused and Te-iay They Vote
Whether or Not to Strike—Leaders
Say They Will, and Threaten to Tle
Up the Whole System—Steamboat En-
gineers May Paralyze Harbor TramMo.

The directors of the Interborough Rapid
Transit Company unanimously refused,

terday, the demand of the new union
of their conductors, guards and other em-
ployees besides the motormen for a nine-
hour workday, and the union arranged last
nigh! to take a vote to-day on the ques-
tion whether or not a strike shall be declared
to enforce the demand.

The officers of the union freely predicted
that the vote will be for a strike and that it
wil! be begun before Saturday night. They
talked of tying up completely the elevated
lines in Manhattan and The Bronx.

At the same time there developed a pos-
sibility of a strike between now and May 1
among the engineers of all craft in the
harbor, which, should it take place, would
paralyze the steam traffic of the harbor
including the ferry serviee on both the
North and East rivers. The marine en-
gineers have demanded a 25 per cent. in-
crease in wages. The steamboat and tug
owners have refuged to grant the demand.

The directors of the interborough com-
pany met in the office of President August
Belmont yesterday morning to consider
the demand of the elevated railroad men
for a nine-hour workday throughout the
sysiom. The meeting began at 11 o'clock
and lasted till 1:30. In that time the men’s
grievance committee of eight, headed by
George E. Pepper, president of the new
union, was received and they stated their
demand and the reasons why they thought it
should be granted. The reply of the direc-
tors was embodied in this unanimous reso-
lution;

Resolved, That the Board of Directors of
the Interborough Rapid Transit Company,
after hearing the statement of the committee
of employees of the Manhattan division, re-
grets that it cannot comply with the demand
of the committee for a nine-hour day, inas-
much as the present hours are as short as,
and the rates of pay are higher than, those
of any other railroad system in New York or
over large cities.

The decision was communicated to the
committee by General Manager E. P. Bryan’
The committee looked greatly disappointed
There was no doubt that most of its mem-
bers had expected to get all they asked.

“I don’t see how there can help but be a
strike now,” said one of its members. “We
have been turned down completely. But
we can tie up every elevated road in Man-
hattan and The Bronx. There'll be plenty
of people walking in a few days.”

The committee seemed to have every-
thing oreoness for quick action. On hear-

< decision of the directors they went
tmmediately to a printing office and had
lips printed calling for an all-day meeting
of the union to-day in Colonial Hall at 101st

5

A to vote for and |
BESSA erre waanione wi be held trom

central points.

When the vote is complete to-night, if
it ia in favor of a strike, the executive oom-
mittee of the union, which is officially
known as Manhattan Division No. 332 of
the International Arsociation of Street
Railway Employees, will meet at once and
designate the day on which the etrike shall
begin.

» Before it can go into effect as “author-
ized” it must receive the sanction of W. D.
Mahon, president of the association, but
Mahon is on the ground already, and there
is no doubt that his sanction will be given
if a strike is demanded by the men? He
came here yesterday from Detroit in re-
sponse to a hurry call bo be on hand when

the critical moment arrived, He is staying | Cree Indians, and the

at the Ashland House. He was in con-
ference yesterday with Herman Robinson
local organiser of the American Federation
of Labor, and with Pepper.

Mahon is unfortunate in the matter of
strikes. All the recent strikes ordered
by his organization have been failures.
The moat recent of them is the strike at
Waterbury, which was practically lost a
day or two after it was declared.

The executive committee of the men's
union met late last night and issued a long
statement. This said in part:

The existing circumstances in the condition
of the men on the Manhattan elevated rail-
road seem to indicate that a strike of the
enployees is inevitable. It is the last resort
of the men toward correcting a set of intol-
eruble grievances which have existed for the
last six yeara, but which the officials of the
Interborough Rapid Transit Company, while
aware of their existence, have refused to
correct or rectify.

After repeated requests and conferences
with the officials the principal cause of com-
Dlaint was the excessively long workday on
all the lines. Since the death of Col. Hain,
the former general manager, the length of
the workday has increased until to-day some
of the crews, including the guards and con-
ductors, are on duty from ten to seventeen
hours @ day. The average work day for
@everal years past has been twelve hours.
This is especially true of the Ninth avenue
line, where some of the men work any-
where from twelve to seventeen hours a day.

The statement went on to say that it
might be held that the men worked ten
and twelve hours a day, but the time was
distributed over a great many hours, with
several swings of an hour or so. This
gave no rest, as the men could not go home
and be in time to resume work, so that they
were practically on duty all the time.

Some of the crews, the statement said,
were kept in this way from 5 A. M. to 8:15
P. M., others from 7 A. M. to 8 P. M., and
there were cases where some of the em-
Ployees worked twelve hours fot from 90
Cente to $1.20.

The statement admitted that the Inter-
borough company had advanced wages
and that the pence narrowed to
the ath of the workday. The state-
ment closed in this fashion: .

The union was organized secure wojiet,
especially to secure the nine-hour workday.
The nen will be driven to strike for it, as
there neeme to be no ative

If the new un!
it is not believed that it ve sup-

rt of the motormen. They are getting

a day, the highest wages paid to any
Motormen in New York or anywhere else,
these being the wages received when the
present

. All §

orca Ge € Piece Gallas Buttons never break

to strike

el tte ges eee cc i ania ieee cetetatarstcaeeceea tame taremamstaamma ciate

|

}
'
'
!
'
|

|
|
Garde:
ride
down Gree!
bury
the
the
the

Eee aces |e

steam trains, Their officers have said re- |
cently that they have connection with |
the other union and will not go on a sym- |
pathetio strike, no matter w happens. |

y had an agreement with the old Man. |
hattan Railway Company, and their union
is a lodge of the Brotherhood of Locomo-
tive Engsncere, though they are no longer

ares
motormen, according to the railroad
Officials, are the only skilled men on the
cars. The places of the other, men would
be comparatively easy to fill.
five or six weeka in consequence of the
news that several thousand men will
to operate the new subway, large
numbers of applicants for work have ap- |
, at the offices of the Interborough
mpany and the Manhattan Railway |
Company in the Western Union Building.

The applicants come from all parts of
the country. They are suppo to be
enge ged as getemen and to be moved up
@ step at a time as vacancies occur.

Some of the railway men talked last night
of getting the workers in the uncompleted
subway out in a sympathetic strike, but
the Central Federated Union has an carpe
ment with the subway contractors by which
all the trades represented in it are to receive
union wages and all disputes are to be set-
tled by arbitration until the work is com-
pistad. The elevated men's union is affil-

ated with the C. F. U., but even if the C. F.
U. was willing to break the
the sub-contractors it could not ord
strike.

It could direct the affiliated unions through
their delegates to order sympathetic strikes
and a them if they failed to do so.

The Metropolitan Street Railway men
are not organized in any labor union, 80
that the surface railroads cannot be drawn
into a strike.

THREAT OF A HARBOR STRIKE.

Marine Engineers’ Demand for 25 Per
Cent. More Wages Flatly Refused.

Engineers of all steam craft plying in and |
entering the harbor of New York, except
ocean steamships going outside Sandy
Hook, have asked their employers to ad- |
vance their wages about 25 per cent. The

and is made by Marine Engineers’
eficial Association No. 38, with head-
quarters at 283 Hudson street.

There are about 2,700 licensed marine
engineers at the throttles of Sound and
river steamers and seagoing and harbor
tugs, railroad transports, grain elevators,
excursion boats, lighters and live stock
steamboats. Practically all the engineers
are members of the union. They have
asked that seventy-two hours shall con-
stitute a week's work of seven days and
that they shall receive for all overtime |
extra pay at the rate of 50 cents an hour.
The chief engineers of the biggest steam- |
boats want $150 a month, with board, and |
the chief engineers of the smaller boate |
went $100 a month, with board. They ask for
an answer to their demands before May }.

Steamboat and tug owners met on Tues-
day in the Produce Exchange and decided
to refuse the demands of the engineers.
George Kolb, head of the engineers’ union,
who was out of town yesterday, has been
authorized to act for the union, and will
return to the city to-day. If the men strike,
all harbor tre ffic will be stopped, according
to a prominent tugboat owner. It is not
unlikely that there will be a compromise.

Owners of local steam craft declare that
they will not grant the demands of the
engineers, which they say are unreasonable—
because they put competent and leas com-
petent men on the same footiag. The
owners are willing to pay the best men good
wages, but are not willing to pay uniform
‘wages to the good, bed and indifferent
workers.

If there isa strike, commuters might find
no ferryboats running to Jersey. The ferry-
boat engineers would be in it.

HEIRESS FOUND WITH INDIANS.

Stolen When 4 Years Old, but a Ring Proves
Her Identity.

Botts, Mon., April 15.—Sarah Big Cloud
was found yesterday among a band of
roving Cree Indians near Kalispell by
John Anderson and identified as his cousin,
Mathilda Youngquist, for whom a fortune
of several hundred thousand dollars has
been waiting in Stockholm, Sweden. An- |
derson had been searching for her for sev- |
eral years. '

Nearly twenty years ago the parents
of Mathilda Youngquist, who had recently
arrived in America from Sweden, took up
a homestead in the extreme northern part
of Montana, near the Blackfoot reserva-
tion. They had not been living there lon,
before they were massacred by a band o!
rl Mathilda, then |
4 years old, was carried away.

‘hen Anderson arrived in the West he |
learned these facts, but could find no trace |
of the child and was told by those familiar |
with the Indian character that the girl |
had undoubtedly been killed. Yesterfay
he met a band of | ging Crees near Kalis- !
pell and he engaged them iri conversation.

While Anderson was talking to the Indians
a squaw with light hair appeared. He

uestioned her, and she told him that all
the remembered of her parents was that ,
they were white like Anderson and that |
they were killed. She had lived with the |
Indians ever since, and was the widow of |
one of the members of the tribe. |

She now nore else gbont marent |
except that she sti pesesnee « y finger |
rin Minside of which there was some S

tion that she could not read.

She produced the ring and Anderson |
readin kt “T'o Mathilda,from Papa and Mam-
ma Youngquist, 1885." Anderson was con-
vinced that he had found his cousin and
tried to persuade her to accompany him,
but she refused, being satisfied with her
roving life. He then called upon the |
Sheriff for assistance, and when she was |
threatened with arrest she consented to |
leave the band and go with Anderson. |
He will remain in Montana long enough
to gather evidence about the Youngquist
family and their massacre, will then re-
turn to Sweden with the woman to claim
the fortune which he says the Swedish
Government is holding in trust and in which
he will have a share on final distribution.

 

 

 

eee

 

TO WATCH FIFTH AVENUE AUTOS,

 

Bix Speedy Bicycle Policemen Will Hunt
for Law Breakers.

Police Commissioner Greene announced |
yesterday that he had decided to detail six
policemen to patrol Fifth avenue on bi-
cycles between Fourteenth street and the
Harlem River, with orders to arrest any
automobilista who exceed the speed limit.
Two of the men emecter re ee

once jo an ¢
MPa Te =
ison Square
expert

train, and Trozier, who hook
-day races
as The other four will be
x new high bieyoles and the
w -

same number off acvurate watches have
use inthis crusade. Gen.

been orde ‘or rend on,
Wood-

order

Six

ne wouldn't say

reet Cleani ner
trip of Oureenything to do with the

had
being issued.
85,000 Pension to Mrs. Altgeld.
Sprinarieip, Iil., April 15.—The
granting $5,000 as a pension to the widow
of former Governor John P. Altgeld passed
Senate to-day and was by Gov.
Yates. The bill no b

Twenty-four Hears to Chicago
4 New York

 

tion

 

 

 

reement with ‘y
a

| service for them,

‘at Santiago, and

| thatas

 

 

VOLUNTEERED FOR SECRETLY
PLANNED HAVANA ASSAULT.

 

History Comes to Light at a Dinner After
a Review of the Regiment by Cel.
Depew—Statements of Col. Appleton
and the Senator— Documents tn the Case

After a review of the Seventh Regiment
last night by Senator Depew, who is a
Colonel on the supernumerary list, Col,
Danie! Appleton made public for the first
time,at a little dinner in the armory, the
facts of the Seventh’'s offer to go to the war
in 1898, and especially its volunteering
ior a secretly planned assault on Havana.
Col. Appleton said:

This regiment was directed to be silent in
1808, and a more pertoct exhibition of dis-
cipiine could not made in that respect
than the soldierly attitude of every o r
and man on its rolls at that time.

Mr. Depew participated in a part of these
events, and to-night we would publicly recog-
nize our appreciation of his service at that
time.

These facts are documentary, and as fol-

ows.

On the 18th day of April, 1808, I received at
the hands of an officer on the staff of Gen,
Roe, & copy order

follogs:
Major-General Charies F. Roe, 280 Broad-
way, New York:

Sin: The Governor directa that you im-
mediately quietly find out from the C, O. of
Cavalry, rtillery and Infantry whether
their respective organizations are willing
o volunteer for U, 5. service anywhere the
President sends them, understanding that
they will recruit up to the required U. 8.
strength, and those that cannot volunteer
to be honorably disohar without -
redies For an organization to be entitled
°o gO hrobably 69 or 70 per cent. must volun-
teer. He directs that every one be instructed
to keep fect silence on the subject; this

last wr im rative. i elegraph reeult
as fast as y earn ° yw
te Th Hh Brigades.

attend to tl ird an Fou
Teqpecttul y,
“C, WHITNEY TILLINGHAST, 2d

Adjutant-General,"’
On the following day, after a meeting of
officers of this regiment, I made the following

report:
“APRIL 10, 1898.
“Major-Gen. Charles F. Roe:

“Sin: I have the honor to report that the
opinions of ray officers, just obtained. enable
me to say that the Seventh Regiment will
unhesitatingly volunteer or respond to the
call of the ident for any duty that ma
be required, but their circumstances are suc
that a time of service should be fixed. Re-
spectfully, DANIEL APPLETON, Colonel,”

Lreported a strength of 70 per cent., at least.

On the 25th of April the Secretary of War
tolographed, regarding the call of t f, Presi-
dent of the United States for 125,000 volunteers
that he wished “that the regimenta of the
National Guard or State militia shall be used.”
One day later was direct to assemble
the reyiment, and “by an individual expression,
freely and voluntarily given, to learn how
peor officers and enlisted men declare to

mustered into the service of the United
States for the term of two years, unless sooner
discharged, to serve where ordered by the
Proper authorities.”

That order waa obeyed, and
vote upon the question submitt
by_officers and men. '

The position of the regiment heing then
persistently misunderstood, Mr. Depew and
Gen, Fitzgerald delivered into the hands
of the late lamented President McKinley
my letter of appeal to be permit to show
the veal and patriotism of the regiment.
This was on'Mayy2 .

The answer of the President’ wae that he
appreciated the perriostem of the regiment
and would do whut he could to give us an
opportunity to show it. Bre: ter
Within a week Senator Depew brought to

the

voluntary
was made

New York a personal and confi ti

sage from r of War A » to
effect that Hav as to be the point of
immediate assault . that $0, tr be were

wanted at once, it ee

. bh N.Y, be part th je
Sares Agate Dee Wart 2 feo Fo
u 0
spatched that night bye” Capta! A: dre -
ment, was an follows:
“Heabquaprens SEVENTH RegiwExs,
N. GN, Y. Naw You, May 10, 1808.

“The Soucecs ie s t

= : am in re 0} ‘ou. OKA,
through Mr Chauncey Depew. at th ‘Gov

front in Cuba. have the honor to inform you
that the (ae | Reaiment ts ready tke mo-
ment you réquire it. Awaiting your com-
mands, I am, very respectfully,

“DANIEL APPLETON,

“Colonel.”
It was thought that our chance had come.
Gen. Miles was present at the interview wit
Secretary Alger and the plan of going on
board at New York, and joining the army

at Tampa was arranged. n. Miles wrote:
“Tue position of the Seventh Regiment is
fully appreciated by me. The Secretary of
War telegraphed at my request, suggesting
that the regiment be allowed to go as an
organization, because I had very important
I made the same repre-
sentation to the Governor when he was here,
and shall be only too glad to have their ser-

vice.
The Spanish fleet was, however, located
the campaign shifted, al-
though the Governor then refused assent to
allow the regiment to go as an organiza-
ton. and Shes ames a we oat
¢ regiment Was n in ce,
t its members fort with 402 a com-
ions in the service in pearly every one
¢ volunteer organizations then formed,
pad uorerce of Z Mice
lating the example of thelr
The requeste for the re
the army who knew were many. Gen.
Guy V. Henry wrote May 27, 1898:

“I have been assigned to the First Division,

peven® Corre. a, peageee ae we.
elegra 0- 0 rr °

to have the Berenth Ya, N. Y.. brought to

this post, and assi to his corps.”

Gen. savoare : “Is it the intention
of the Sevent enter service; think cag
have it assigned at once to my corps, an
would like to have it with me very much.”

Gov, Black wrote of the regiment: “They
are misjudged and misrepresented.”

The requests to be included in the second
call have been fully published, so no neces-
sity existe to refer to them.

before 1898 and throughout the Spanish-
American War, and at the present time, the
regiment has , &8 you see to-night, a
unit at the disposition of the authorities,
earnest and patriotic, efficient and quali
in the soldier’s foremost Soooeap meat,
rifle shooting, and never has it faltered or
hesitated in obedience to any order.

Senator Depew added that when he went
to Secretary Alger on behalf of the regiment,
the Secretary told _ him a war secret—the
pro rush on Havana where there was
a Spanish army 125,000 strong--and said
corps of 60,000 men was wanted
for the work, which would surely mean
heavy losses. Col. Appleton was asked in
confidence if the Seventh would volunteer
for this. He replied that it would be ready
at a moment's notice; fully equipped and
with 1,050 men. The naval victory at Sant-
jago caused the abandonment of this plan,
but never was a regiment more ready,
It had been misjudged and abused, t
the State should jo pred of it.

“What I have stated,” said Senator Depew,
“is a matter of official history, kept secret
to the detriment of the regiment, but now
it ought to appear as a part of the history
of the war w n.

For the review Col. Depew was received
at the main entrance of the armory by a
guard of thirty-nine men in command
of Capt. John A. Davidson, who presented

arms.
The regiment was formed in line of masses

in command of Col. Daniel Appleton and

peraded ee omen of thirty-two solid
lea, di

ales, inta two a flor
. E. Lydecker commanded e

talion and jor W. E. Fiak the second.
Acoom Col. De) in his passage
porary

nd ho
ftaff: Brevet t. Horace e Duva 4
an

Ca: rancis G. Landon
tnaee S New fokocatna tea
ex ° venth. ,
ton and staff also Col.

sorempanted Depew
Evening parade in the
forming a complete squad: followed Mem

honor for long service were next ordered
to the front, and Col. Depew presented

mare iA given eta oe
4 € the dinnet were Cor -

bu
m:
of
Went out, emu-

fathers in 186
nt by omcers ot

rn

5

i

CU

Lee

 

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1908,—copyriohs, 1903, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

SRVENTH WAS READY IN 1898

Fad

—————————————

 

INNOCENT NEGRO LYNCHED.

 

Wrong Man Shot as the Murderer of Mrs.
Matthews—Bedy Burned by a Mob.

New Omixans, April 15.—It is now es-
tablished beyond @ doubt that the negro
killed near Shreveport by two police officers
as the murderer of Mrs. Frank Matthews
and her little daughter, and whose body
was burned by a mob, was not and could
not have been the murderer. He was
reported to be Ed Porter. It turns out that
he was Albert Washington, from the Vance
plantation, in Bossier, who had come to
Shreveport to find his wife, who had de-
serted him. Washington was seen at the
plantation at an hour that made it impossi-
ble for him to have committed the murder,
and in spite of the burning of the body
he was identified by a bag bearing his name
found in his pocket, by other articles in his
clothes and by his shoes. Cal Vance, upon
whose plantation Washington worked, says
that he was a good negro, in whom he had
every confidence.

PRESIDENT’S GUARD ALERT.
Cavairyman Makes en Arrest in the Park,
but Prisoner Is Innocent.

Cinnabar, Mon., April 15.—One of the
cavalrymen who are on patrol duty in the
Yellowstone Park guarding the President
came in this morning with a prisoner at
the point of his revolver. He swore with
great fervor that he found the man hang-
ing around within fifteen miles of the Presi-
dent's camp “acting most suspiciously.”

It was discovered that the prisoner was
an employee of the Hotel and Transporta-
tion Company on the company’s business.

The men said that every time he tried to
explain this to the cavalryman the soldier
poked him in the ribs with the revolver
and he had no chance to make any ex-
planation.

The prisoner went back to duty as soon
as the officers were told of the matter, but
the incident was regarded as an excellent
test of the military order which secures
seculsion to the President.

The report to-night from Fort Yellow-
stone is that the President is somewhere
between Soda Butte and Uncle John Yancy’s
and that he will come into Fort Yellowstone
to stay over night to-morrow night.

VANDERBILTS IN BOSTON.

Reginald Took the Name Bone to Preserve
His Incognito.

Boston, April 15.—Reginald Vanderbilt
travelled to Boston yesterday on his honey-
moon under the name of “Bone.” On last
Friday a footman came to John J. Franey'’s
livery stable in Roxbury. He ordered
a carriage and pair to be in waiting at Rox-
bury crossing railroad arch for the 4 P. M.
train yesterday for Mr. Bone. He was
partioular about the name, spelling it out,
*B-o-n-e.”

The carriage was there in due time, under
charge of Driver Joseph M. Ryan. A
little after 4 o'clock a man and a woman,
young end with the air of bride and bride-
groom about thme, hurried up and took
the carriage. The man gave the name of
Bone. They were driven to Hotel
Somerset, Boston, and turned out to be
none other than Mr. Vanderbilt and his
bride.

The four-room suite the Vanderbilts
occupy costs $63.33 a day.

Newport, R. I., April 15.—It was given
out here to-day that Mr. and Mrs. Reginald
C Vanderbilt will remain in Boston ten
days. They will then return to Newport
and take up their residence at Sandy Point
Farm. On Thursday, May 14, they will
gail for Europe, returning to this country in
time for the Newport season

 

Apparent Now That He Is Breaking
Down.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.

Romr, April 15.—The Pope received some
pilgrims to-day, but merely watched them
file before him. He did not answer any ad-
dresses.

The health of his Holiness is evidently
breaking. His cough continues, his diges-
tive organs are deranged, his appetite is
gone and he has a feeling of listlessness.
Fita of feebleness are of frequent occur-
rence. There is no immediate danger, but
great anxiety is felt over the Pontiff's con-
dition. The prelates who would perform
the duties of the Pope in case of his death
have been ordered to remain constantly in
Rome.

Dr Lapponi has positively vetoed the
proposition for a papal celebration on April
28, when his Holiness will reach the “years
of St. Peter.”

SAYS KING WILL VISIT POPE.

Definite Arrangements Said to Have Been
Made fer Edward VII.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.

Lorpon, April 16.—The Rome corre-
spondent of the Daily Mail says he has
received official information that a visit
by King Edward © the Pope has been
definitely arranged. It has been decided
to depart from precedent, and the Pope
will receive King Edward, who will pro-
ceed to the Vatican direct from the
Quirinal.

This extraordinary concession is the
result of secret, delicate negotiations
which were eventually determined by the
personal influence of the Pope. It is in-
tended as a recognition of Great Britain's
important relations with the Roman Catho-
lic Church.

81,000,000 OIL FIRE IN TEXAS.

266 Derricks of the Hogg-Swayne Tract
at Spindie Top Burned.
Beaumont, Tex., April 15.—Fire late last
night swept over what is known as the
Hogg-Swayne oil syndicate tract com-
prising blocks Nos. 36, 87 and 38 in the
Spindle Top oil fields, one destroy-
ing @ in ite way. e loss is
catima’ at from $800,000 to $1,000,000.
Two hundred and sixty-five derricks are
burned. On one tract only seven derricks
are left, five at the northwest corner and
two at the southwest corner. Two hun-
oe oo the producing wells are also
leatroyed.
re started at 1 o'clock f; a lan-
tern at the Caldwell company’s well. The
the engine struck the lan
cure

 

 

Tt is estimated that two-thirds of the
companies in the burnt district will be
unable to recover from damage.

aan geared cts

 

 

 

ROOSEVELT, HARVARD'S BEAD,

TALK OF SAVING THE PLACE FOR
HIM IN 1909,

Springfield ‘‘Republican” Says the Sug-
gestion Is Current Among Harvard
Men—A Great Advertisement for
Harvard — Would Boom  Athietics.

SPRINGFIELD, Mass., April 15.--The Re-
publican says that President Roosevelt is
ambitious to succeed President Eliot of
Harvard University. In an editorial ar-
ticle to-day the Repwhlican says:

“What Harvard will do for a president
when Dr. Eliot gets through has long been a
source of speculation. He will be 69 years
old the 20th, but in vigor and force and
youth Dr. Eliot is without a superior among
university or college presidents and good
yet for many years. There is an interesting
suggestion current among Harvard men
who know Theodore Roosevelt well, It is
that the President of the United States
cherishes a strong ambition, when he has
finished the second term in the White House,
which he expects the American people are
to secure for him, to become president of
Harvard University.

“This is a suggestion calculated to arouse
lively interest in Harvard,and college circles
generally, none the less because it is dealing
in distant futures. To be sure, the thought
of putting Mr. Roosevelt at the head of
the Cambridge institution would directly
contravene Dr. Eliot’s stout contention
that the prizes of college presidencies ought
to go to the teaching profession, but we all
know that the heads of such institutions,
with Dr. Patton's coup at Princeton an
exception to be noted, seldom name their
successors.

“On the other side, there would be the
keen realization of what a tremendous
advertisement for Harvard would be in-
volved in placing at its head an ex-President
of the United States.

“Nor would the younger graduates fail
to see what a lift to athletics there must
be in such a programme. There would
be a ‘rustler’ in command at Cambridge.
The only living ex-President of the United
States, Mr. Cleveland, has been partially
annexed to Princeton University; this
suggestion of Roosevelt for Harvard would
dispose of another ex-President along the
same line, only more so.

“While in no department a profound
scholar, Mr, Roosevelt would be backed
by plenty of degrees, would bring such
fame as he has as a literary man to re-
enforce the scholastic side, and the ad-
vantages of his experience in politica) life.
He would be no closet college president
should the day of his crowning at Harvard
ever come,”

MISSING YALE BOYS SAFE.

Were Blown Across Long Island Sound on
Monday—Landed in Riverhead.

New Haven, Conn., April 15.—President
Hadley'’s doorbell rang at 10:30 to-night
and the president went to the door.

“I just called to inform you that I am
safe,” eaid Leister C. Barton, the academic
freshman who .was supposed by many of
his Yale friends to have been drowned in
Long Ieland Sound.

“Well, I'm delighted to see you,” said
the president, shaking the young man's
hand.

Young Barton and his friend William M.
Duncan went out from here in a small sail-
boat Monday. When they did not return
Monday night at 9 o'clock an alarm was
spread all over the Yale campus that the
lads went down inthe gale that night.
Young Barton told President Hadley that
he and Duncan were blown across the
Sound on Monday night and landed at River-
head yesterday. They left the boat there
and went to New York. Duncan went to
his brother's home at 18 East Fortieth street,
and will return to Yale to-morrow. Bar-
ton got into town to-night.

COMSTOCK NABS A BRIDEGROOM.
Hicks Twice Arrested—Woman Says She
Married Him on Monday.

Anthony Comstock raided the E, 8. Horn
Advertising Association at 1193 Broadway
twice yesterday and each time arrested
Robert E. Hicks, the reputed head of the
concern. The odyerticing concern is said
to be the annex of a medical company.

Hicks was arrested the first time on a
warrant issued by United States Commis-
sioner Shields on a charge of sending ob-
scene literature through the mail-. He
was released on $500 bail and went
back to his office.

Comstock hurried before Magistrate Bar-
low in Jefferson Market court and t
another warrant for Hicks’s arrest and a
search warrant for his office. In the
warrant he was charged with having ob-
acene literature in his possession.
Hicks was arrested the second time
was locked up in the Tenderloin station.

In his office were 400,000 circulars leuding
a certain brand of pills.

 

Z5

Many other cir-

culars were found instructing agents to
hand these bill circulars to boys, “both
big and little.”

jhile Comstock was searching the place
a goodiocking woman appea and asked
for Hicks n she learned he had been
arrested she began to cry. She said she

was his wife and that they had been married
on Monday. :

A newspaper on Tuesday evening printed
a story that Robert E. Hicks, an advertising
agent of 1193 Broadway, had married Viola
Colepaugh in Jersey City on Monday, and
that he a wife and son living at 231
West 116th street.

OSCAR G. POUCH MARRIED,

Told He Need Fear No Trouble Frem the
Bite of His Mad Dog.

The marriage of Oscar G. Pouch, son
of the late Alfred J. Pouch of the Standard
Oil Company, to Miss Gertrude May Sargent
took place yesterday afternoon in the
Episcopal Church of the Messiah, Greene
avenue, Brooklyn, the Rev. St. Clair Hester,
the rector, officiating.

The bridesmaide, in whose honor a lunch-
eon was given on Monday at the Tombs
by Mrs. Van De Carr, the wife of the warden
and aunt of the bride, were Miss Marian
Taber, Miss Helen (ileason, Mise Irene
Kettles, Miss Estella McCall and Miss Elsie
McCall. At the close of the ceremony
there was a reception at the home of the
bride’s mother, . Laura C. Sargent, 323
Greene avenue.

Young Mr. Pouch, it is believed, has
entirely recovered from the effects of the
bite on the ear he received from his pet
greyhound about a month ago which, it
was fea would upset the wedding ar-
rangements. The dog, as the investigation
which followed the incident sho , was
suffering from nydropposs. and Mr. Pouch,
on the advice of his physicians, placed
himaelf under treatment at the Pasteur
Institute.

His final visit to the institute was made

rday, when he received the assurance
hat he need have no further cogreneneion
of trouble from the dog bite,. Mr. Pouch
then purchased the tickets fop his honey-
moon trip to California. /

An Usher High-Ball
has the real Scotch fiaver. It's Gicnlivet.—Ads,

 

 

    

wonsbay, Aram

A ease Pe SLM ee

Rain to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow.

KILLS FRIEND; CALLS IT DUTY.

German Officer Ghews No Remorse fer.
His Crime.
Special Cable Despatch to TAR Sun.

Beriin, April 16.—The murder of Artil-
leryman Hartmann by his old-time schoo!-
mate and lifelong companion, Ensign
Hueasner, because Hartmann failed to sa-
lute him in the proper manner when they
met at Essen, whither they had both re-
turned to spend the Easter holidays, con-
tinues to be the sensation of the moment.

Huessner ie calm and remorseless. He
says that he acted as a Prussian officer
should. He is quoted as saying when he
was examined at the police office: *When
I draw my sword I want to see blood and
lots of it.” He has been visited in prison
by his mother, to whom he said: ‘I have
a clean conscience. I did my duty as an
officer.”

Huesener has written to Hartmann's
mother expressing sympathy with her
in her loss, and adding: “I had no ill feel-
ing toward your son. It was simply my
duty as an officer to chastise him.” He
asks Frau Hartmann to forgive him, say-
ing that if she pardons him, nobody will
have'a right to condemn him. Popular
feeling againat Huessner is very bitter.

SEE THE MAYOR; FREE FOR ALL

Between Noon and 1 o’Clock—No Cards
Are Required.

New Yorkers who may wish to pay their
respects to Mayor Low or to lay personal
grievances before him may do so by visiting
the City Hall between noon and 1 o'clock.

The Mayor has decided to sit for that one
hour every day in the big reception room
which has been newly decorated and fur-
nished and hung with red plush curtains.

Every one may go in without first sending
in his card and stating his business.

The new system went into operation
yesterday. The Mayor did not have many
callers, but a crowd is expected when the
rule becomes known. Hitherto the Mayor
has usually been inaccessible to people
who could not show that their business
was urgent or who had no appointment.

CARED FOR MAN HER CAB HURT.

Miss Frances Jones Kneels on the Muddy
Asphalt en Fifth Avenue.

Walter C. Fowler of 2188 Third avenue
was run down by a cab while crossing Fifth
avenue at Twenty-sixth street yesterday
afternoon. The cab was driven by William
Brown of 457 Seventh avenue and in it was
Miss Frances Ogden Jones of 74 Park ave-
nue. One of the wheels went over Fowler's
chest.

Miss Jones left the cab and hurried to
Fowler’s aid. She knelt on the wet and
muddy asphalt, lifted his head and did
everything she could for him while await-
ing the arrival of the ambulance.

Dr. Thorne of the New York Hospital
asid Fowler was seriously injured. Fowler
wouldn't make @ complaint against Miss

Cae
DROWNED IN 2 INCHES OF WATER.

Bedy ef Man Found Fece Dewnward in
the Gutter.

John Geladorf, a waiter, 88 years old,
was found dead yesterday morning in the
gutter in front of $20 East Twelfth street.
Policeman Gay of the Fifth street station
saw the man lying face downward. It
was raining heavily at the time and the
water was at least two inches deep.

The policeman lifted the body from the
gutter and called an ambulance from
Bellevue Hospital. The surgeon said that
Gelsdorf had probably been drowned.

Gelsdorf was married and lived at 422
East Fourteenth street. He told his wife
before he left the house on Tuesday night
that he expected to be out late, as he had
to attend a lodge meeting. An autopsy
will be made on the body.

BARREL OF RUINED UMBRELLAS

Gathered Up at the South End of the Post
Office, Where Navigation Was Bad.

The most dangerous promontory for
Broadway navigators yesterday, south of
Cape Flatiron at Twenty-third street, was
the southern end of the Post Office. There
wasn't much wind blowing, but what there
was to concentrate there and to
wreck two out of every five umbrellas.

The owners of the wrecks usually aban-
doned all hope of any salvage, and the
result was that the neighborhood was
strewn with umbrella wreckage. A thought-
ful porter in the Post Office building brought
out a big ash can and after collecting some
of the wreckage left the can on the side-
walk for developments. After the rush
crowd home last evening the
can was full of disabled umbrellas. The
number ran as high as 300.

KNOX STOPS IN PITTSBURG. |

Picks Up District Attorney Young and
Then They Go West.

Pirrssunra, Pa., April 15.—Attorney-Gen-
eral Knox came to Pittsburg to-day, had
$ long talk with yaned oe Attorney

. Young and to-n ey oO
ee rmviniais Limited for the West,
They denied themselves to reporters and
the conductor declined to give their des-
tination. & ia conjectured that they are
going to Chicago on Beef Trust business
or to St. Paul on Northern Securities mer-

r busin or to the Yellowstone Park
to nee the asent aes say to
they are personal frien y may have
gone on a pleasure trip.

PENNELL'S INSURANCE,

Accident Companies Will Not Pay Until
the Conrts Decide the Cause ef Death.
BurraLo, April 15.—Local representa-

tives of the accident insurance companies

in which the late Arthur Reed Pennell car-
ried policies admitted this meraing, es
the policies would not be paid the
courts had definitely on the ques-
tion of whether Pennell came to his death
by accident or suicide. The companies
in which Pennell had accident insurance
were as follows: Fidelty and Casualty Com-

pany, New York, $15,000; Travelers’ e

surance Company, $10,000; Atna Life In-

surance Company, $10,000; Preferred Acci-
dent of New York, $5,000

GIRL SUES; HE GOES BANKRUPT.

Dector, Defendant in Breach-of-Promise
Case, Files Petition.

Dr. Herbert Beck of 20 and 31 East 119th

street filed a petition in bankruptcy yee-

 

 

 

 

 

 

terday to get rid of a suit ht against
| him by Rosie See os tas Atom atone,
Brookyn, for $25,000 for breach

of promise to her. owes $248 to
two other creditors end hes no assets.

Burnett's Cocoaine soothes the irritated scalp,
qemeres dandruff, gives rich’ lustre to the Hair.
" Me tng ané Downtown.

The Pennsytvanias we terminal stations at

rtlandt and

West 23d Street
Streets are convenient to ali sections.— Adr.

  

 

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS, —

CES GANG KLE

NINE ARRESTS FOR MURDER OF
MAN FOUND IN BARREL,

 

 

Beeret Service Men Ran Down the Crime
—Victim One of the Gang—His Name
Not Known—Same Crew Killed (Ca-
tania in Brookiyn—Death Sentence
Passed at a Meeting on Moenday—One
of Agent Flynn’s Men Recegnized Bedy

Nine members of a gang known to the
agente of the United States Secret Service
an the most desperate lot of Italian counter-
feiters in this section of the country were
arrested last night in this city as the mur-
derers of the man whose body, with thir-
teen stab wounds in the neck, was found on
Tuesday morning tightly packed in a bafre)
atthe corner of Eleventh street and Ave-
nue D.

The dead man, although not yet known
by name, was a member of the gang, and
for days before his death was closely shad-
owed by Secret Service agents under the
orders of William 8. Flynn, chief of the
loca] bureau, who for some time has been
planning a wholesale round-up of the Ital-
fan counterfeiters in the East

MURDERED BY FELLOW COUNTERFSITERS.

That this man was murdered by hie com-
rades in the gang with whioh he had been
identified there is no doubt, and it ia prac-
tically certain that the eight men lacked
up at Police Headquarters

accomplished it with their own hands.

The affront to his comrades which brought
upon him the sentence of death is, like the
name of the man himself, still a esoret
locked up in the breasts of the gang. Th
prisoners, all of whom were armed wi
huge revolvers and wicked-looking knives,
maintained an attitude of sullen deflance
after they were locked up, and no amotnt
of persuasion could get a word out of any
¥.

si?

&

one of them.
SAME MEN KILLED CATANIA, POLICS

It is this gang that perpetrated the
of Tuesday morning, and the agents of the
United States Secret Service declare abso-
lutely that they are the same men who
cut the throat of Giuseppe Cataniain Brook-
lyn last July and carried his body in a seck
to a deserted neighborhood.

The nine men arrested last night are a
murderous-looking crew, and a score of
crimes are laid at their doors. The Secret
Service agents, who have been
them for months, declare that they have
as little compunction about murdering
@ man as they would have about killing a

OZg. /

A rule of long standing among them,
the agents say, has been to kill
that stood in their way or betrayed them
to the authorities. The man whose body
is now in the Morgue, the head almost
entirely severed from the trunk, eom-
mitted one of these offences, it is believed.
and at a council of the gang was een
to dies

DEATH SENTENCE PASSED ON MONDAY ?

The Secret Service men

$Elen the aectaaee ot
was . a
the = in the
rear
buteber shop. of Vita Laduoa at 16

The dead man was there, but
others conversed in low tones in
the man who was ard
alone in front of the store. He
may not have known that the men a
feet from him were discussing his
in any event, within a short time
he went away with two other
the who him at the conclugion
of the conference.

The Secret Service men believe
these two men were appointed
killing. There may have been
it, but the nts think these
oom the night with the victim
time arranged at the conference
% O, convemant spot and stabbed

jeath.

It must have been toward mo
os deed was cape, Cer a See os

mo when,
wee found, blood was still cas kom it,
the trunk was still warm and rigor
had not even begun to set in.
CREDIT DUE TO THE SECRET 6BRVICS.

HE

i

tnt

E

i

augurated by Chief Flynn of the Secret
Service. Chief Flynn's men keep
known violator of the Federal] laws
section of the country under
all the time. Even when they
known to be doing anything
watched and regular memoranda
movements placed on file.

Never was the value of this system of

at

i

espionage proved as it has been the
rounding up of this gang Kt

on whom it is hoped to fix se m
besides this last one.

The men arrested gave Ppdlarese ot
Police Headquarters which
ment detectives say are in the main e@or-
rect. They are as follows:

Joseph Fanaro, 24 years old, »
a merchant of 25 Rivington street;
Genova, 38 old, single
$14 East Fi th street ( it
Antonio Genova); Lorenzo
years old, merchant, married, 806
street; Vito Loboido, 24 years .
of 308 Mott street; Domenico Pecoraro,
years oe. mares. | ee, of 160
street; Pietro Inzerillo years
fied. gontestonte. 23 Prince street; Gi

orello, yeare old, agent,

Ja oka arried = hi ot
old, m thing presser,

333 Elizabeth street and Ignatz Lupo, %

years old of 433 West Thirtieth street.

PRISONERS AN EVIL-LOOKINO LOT.

All of these men are Italians are
known as law-breakers. Most o!
have yard-long criminal reco and
wasn't one of them that didn't a

je con-

loaded revolver or a long sharp
cealed somewhere about his person.

When arrested they didn't @ chance
to put up a fight, for the vés outoum.
bered them, and, knowing the
of the men, handled them very
Once their weapons were taken away
men were marched to Police H
where a strenuous effort was
them to talk. But there wasn't one
them who could be induced to eay a 5

Although the arrests were made by detec-
tives from the Central Office under
tor Le par the cent, Dessemve

a ut a small part in the ro
Pt the gaug. When Chief 7.
Tuesday afternoon of the finding of a man’s

z

with them.
KILLED MEYER WEISBARD, TOO?

Chief Flynn has always been
that the Catania murder was done by
counterfeiters and at the time of the
Weisbard murder he was satiafied that
po was killed by Italians in
‘or something he had done rather thaa

mere plunder, -
In cases the throats of the men
were cut, apparently with just

as the man tn the bantel wee hed,

Chief Flynn felt satisfied that all three
of these murders were the work of one
CASS iedovns bt psuetane Gee

a ow! a o
ous pane of coment ters, he i eb
that he could la hie bande on the musdavere.

About the time that Chief Flynn came

.

>

.
ee

 

4 /
eRe
a
P