VOL, LIXIV.—NO. 122,
EVERYBODY AT SEAIN ALBANY

LEGISLATORS UNCERTAIN AS TO
WHAT GOV. HUGHES WILL DO,
We Has Taken No Leaders Into His Con-
fidence Regarding His Appointments
—Senate to Adopt a Ru'e Authorizing
Raines to Appeint the Gomuuittecs.

 

 

ALBANY, Dee. 90.—Governor-elect Hughes
did not leave the Executive Mansion to-
. He had no visitors of moment and
passed a restful day with his family. After
\\reakfast he read the proof of his message,
which will be transmitted to the Legis-
Liture on Wednesday.

Gov. Higgins reached Albany this after-
1 oon. He is stopping at the Hotel Ten Eyck.
When Governor-elect Hughes learned that
Cov. Higgins was in tewn he invited the
Governor to stay at the mansion, but Gov.
Higgins sent back word through Mr.
Hughes's military secretary, George Cur-
tis Treadwell, that realizing there was not
en overabundance of room in the mansion
he would remain at the Ten Eyck.

The news of the arrival of Mr. Hughes
in. this eity has been the signal for mem-
Lers of the Legislature to hasten their de-
parture from their homes to this city.
While Mr. Hughes is making no public ut-
terances of his programme, the legislators
Bre anxious to find out what is going on in
Albany and are hanging on to every rumor
dhat goes the rounds. At present, however,
they are beginning to show some concern
regarding the organization of the two
houses of the Legislature.

Never before was there so much un-
certainty regarding what an incoming
Governor will do, and the fact that he does
Mot seem to think it worth while to teke
legislative leaders into his confidence con-
cerning his appointments and other acts
has everybody at sea. They know he has
named his staff and also his private secre-

ary and military secretary and has said
whom he will name as Superintendent of
Ranke, but further than that he has given
no intimation of what he proposes to do,
and the utmost anxiety is expressed as to
what he will recommend in hie message.
Only the fact that it will not be as long as
other communications to the Legislature
is known. And it is safe to say that when
the message is read on Wednesday it will
receive atrict attention and not be looked
upon as a mere routine of the organizaticn
of the Legislature.

The gossip continues to make McDougall
Hawkes, the former New York city Dock
Commiasioner, the new Superintendent of
Public Works. It is pointed out that even
if Governor-elect Hughes wanted to ap-
point Col. Thomas A. Symonds to that
position the public officers act would pre-
vent it, for Col. Symonds is not a resident
of this State. In order to appoint him Mr.
Hughes would have to secure a special act
of the Legislature.

It is also believed that there will not be
public investigations of the various depart-
ments. What investigations will be made
will be of an internal character. For
instance, it is believed that the new Banking
Superintendent, Charles Keep, will do his
own investigating and clean house as he
finds it necessary.

But while all of this speculation con-
cerning the new era that is to occur in the
executive department of the State govern-
ment, the proud, haughty and often called
naughty Senate is to proceed on the same
lines as have prevailed for the last decade.
The Senate refuses to take t itself the
rebuke of the people at the polls last fall,
tnd Senator John Raines is going to pro-
ceed just as if the people had not shown
their displeasure with the way the Repub-
lican party through its officers had been
conducting the affairs of state. There

$s to be no housecleaning of the upper

body of the State Legislature. This was
shown when it was announced that John
Raines of Canandaigua was to be once
more the president pro tem. of the Senate.

Although the rules provide that the
Lieutenant-Governor shall appoint the
committees of the Senate, the same policy
that has been the custom when the pre-
siding officer is of a different political faith
than the majority of the Senate is to be

rsued. On the opening day Senator
Raines will introduce a resolution amending
the rules so that the president pro tem.
will be authorized to hame the committees.
This amendment will be adopted.

Senator Raines is in town and is at work
trying to fix up his committees, but he finds
it a troublesome task. The chairmanships
will not be doled out until after conferences
are had to-morrow and Tuesday with in-
dividual! Senators, and then the list will be
prepared during the recess of one week.
It is definitely settled, however, that Senator
W. W. Armstrong will be the chairman of
the Finance Committee, but the chairman-
ships of other committees have not been
decided definitely. The important commit-
tees whose chairmen have not been returned
are Judiciary, Codes, Taxation and Re-
trenchment, Insurance, Miscellaneous Cor-
porations, Banks and Public Education.
Senator Raines will not disturb the com-
mittee chairmanships where the member
has returned save to promote from in-
significant committees to more important
ones. Senator Horace White of Syracuse
will contiaue as chairman of the Cities
Committee. Senator Benjamin F. Wilcox
will continue as chairman of the Railroads

Committee.

Senator Page of New York is insisting upon
being named as chairman of the Judiciary,
but Senator Davie of Erie is the ranking
member of that committee. However,
Benator Davis is chairman of the Canais
Committee, an assignment that is dear to
the heart of an Erie man. Senator Jotham
Pathfinder Alids is mentioned in connection
with the Judiciary chairmanship. He is the
chairman of the Forest, Fish and Game
Committee, and for reasons probably best
known to himself he prefers to retain that
chairmanship if he cannot have that and
the Judiciary too.

Senator Hill is the ranking member of the
Codes Committee and it is more than likely
that he will be named as chairman.

Senator Tully of Corning and Senator
axe of New York are mentioned in con-
nection with the chairmanship of the Com-
mittee on Taxation and Retrenchment.
Should Senator Saxe be named it would not
be at all surprising to see Senator Tully
made chairman of Insurance, he having
been a member of the Insurance Investigat-
pe ETD

DELICACIES.
For ali imported Itajian and French tabie tux -
uries and delicacies ask for booklet from Cesare

wey

2 eee ee
—

i

\

ing Committee. Senator Fancher, Gov,
Higgins’s Senator, is the ranking member
of the Insurance Committee.

There no doubt will be a lively time in
deciding the chairmanship of the Committee
on Miscejjaneous Corporations, The power
companies of Niagara have sent to the
Senate as their representative Stanislaus
P. Franchot,and they naturally will expect
him to be named as chairman of the com-
mittee that always considers their bills.
But Senator Owen Cassidy of Watkins has
claims for that post that will have to be
considered. Then there are several former
Assemblymen who will have to be counted
upon as likely to be influential members
of the Senate. Senator-elect George B.
Agnew, who succeeds Nathaniel A. Elsberg,
and Senator-elect Percy Hooker of Genesee
represent the reform element in the party
and are likely to be swayed by only the high-
est impulses.

While Speaker Wadsworth has but few
vacancies to fill in the Assembly, these few
are about to prove troublesome. Assembly-
man James T. Rogers of Broome persists
in protruding himself upon the notice of
the leaders. Last year he was gracefully
shunted to one side by being made chair-
man of the Insurance Committee. Mr.
Rogers now appreciates the fact that the
Insurance Committee is not to cut much
figure this winter and he clamors for higher
honors. He wants to be chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, but it is believed he
has already been overlooked as far as that
committee is concerned. There is a lively
fight on between Assemblyman Charles W.
Mead of Albany and Assemblyman Edward
Schoeneck of Syracuse for the chairman-
ship. Mr. Schoeneck was one of the mem-
bers who fought to remove Justice Warren
B. Hooker, while Mr. Mead opposed his
removal.

Assemblyman Edwin A. Merritt, Jr., of
St. Lawrence, on account of “being good”
and supporting the Speaker last winter,
is to be promoted. He is to have the chair-
manship of the Railroads Committee. Mr.
Merritt last winter introduced a number
of railroad bills that were looked upon as
almost revolutionary in their character.
One practically abolished the Railroad Com-
mission.

It doesn’t look now as if the Assembly
leaders were going to find an important
committee chairmanship for Assemblyman
Ezra Prentice, Herbert Parsons’s personal
representative. The only remaining chair-
manships of important committees are
Taxation and Retrenchment, Electricity,
Gas and Water Supply and General Laws.
Assemblyman Fred Hammond of Syracuse
and Assemblyman Edward C. Dowling of
Brooklyn are mentioned in connection with
the Electricity, Gas and Water Supply
chairmanship. In the event of the latter
getting the place Mr. Hammond, it is be-
lieved, will get the chairmanship of the
General Laws Committee.

Paradise Park Jimmy Oliver is sure he
is going to be the minority leader of the
Assembly. He is so sure that he has made
arrangements to hold open house at The
Tub on Tuesday. And if it isn’t Oliver
who is to be the minority leader none of
the Democrats knows who else it will be.

 

EXPLOSION SCARES TENEMENT.

 

It Was Under an Italian's, So the Police
Say Black Hand.

The ten families in tHe big tenement at
251 Elizabeth street were thrown into a
panic early yesterday morning by an ex-
plosion under the window of Frank Bareale’s
grocery store on the ground floor. The
report of the explosion alarmed all the
tenants, who rushed from the building
scantily clad and shrieking.

The telephone operators at Police Head-
quarters and Capt. McNally heard the re-
port and sent half a dozen detectives
out to learn the cause of the trouble. Within
a few minutes from the time of the ex-
plosion ten cops were on the scene, but
nobody could get a line on the person who
caused the explosion.

The window was shattered and numerous
panes of glass in several of the adjoining
buildings were amashed. Detective
Sergeant Petrosini and his corps of Italian
sleuths were put on the job, but they couldn't
find out much. Bareale; who was asleep
in a room in the rear of the store with his
wife and three children when the explosion
occurred, said that he had never received
any Black Hand letters and that he had no
enemies that he knew of. The police,
however, believe that Black Hand agents
have been after him and that he is afraid
to talk, fearing that they might resort to
something mere effective.

In the window of the store was a crate
containing a gross of éggs. Not an egg
was broken, although across the street,
at 246 and 248, a dozen or more panes of
glass were smashed. This is the third ex-
plosion that has occurred in the immediate
vicinity within the last three months.

 

SUNDAY BLUE LAWS FOR BOSTON,

 

Pbdlice Take Names of All Who Work —Moran
. to Prosecate.

Boston, Dec. 30.—The Boston police
were kept busy t*day taking the names
of people who wer® engaged in Sunday
work. Headquarters did not know to-
night just how many names had been taken,
but there were quite a lot of them, and to-
morrow the Municipal Judges will be
asked for eummonses to bring the culprits
to court.

This crusade is the result of orders from
District Attoreey Moran to enforce the
Sunday laws.

The policemen began at midnight, when
they took the names of forty-five men who
were removing scenery from theatres to
railroad stations. To-day whenever a
cop saw a man at work he jotted down his
name, and it is up to the courts to decide
if this labor was necessary or for charity.

At both the North and Soutb railroad
stations the baggage rooms were closed
and usiness was done until midnight
to-night. The companies which heretofore
have run ten or a dozen wagons did ast
send out any to-day.

 

Buy House Where Keats Died.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.
Rome, Dec. 90.—The Anglo-American
Executive Committee has purchased the
house in the Piazza de Spagna in which
Keats died, for $12,000. Eight thousand
dollars more is wanted to pay off the mort-
gage on the place.

 

OVER NIGHT TO CHICAGO.
PENNSYLVANIA SPECIAL,

In 18 nours via Pennsylvania Rallroad: rock-
ballast, dustiess roadbed. Leaves New York 3:55
P. M,, arrives Chicago 4:55 A. M. Other fast trains
© Seago Cleveland. Cincinnati and St. Louis.

 

SEABOARD FLORIDA LIMITED LEAVES
Y. 12:25 noon daily commencing Jan. 7, Arrives

N.
St. Augustine 2:0 P, M. Quickest time, Sh at
route. ‘Booklets 1188 Fwer, or any P. R, K. office,

 

————
ee SSS lS et
eee

 

 

NEW ATTORNEY-GENERAL WRITES
TO HEARST TO APPLY

 

And It Looks as if the Application Will Be
@ Granted, Whereupon the Action Will
Probably Be Brought Somewhere Up
State—Mayor’s Lawyers Will Fight.

Attorney-General-elect William 8. Jack-
son, who is to take office to-morrow, sent
the following letter to William R. Hearst
yesterday from the Victoria Hotel:

Hon. William R. Hearst, 185 East Twenty-
eighth atreet.

Dear Sir: In the matter of the applica-
tion of William Randolph Hearst to the Hon.
Julius Mayer, Attorney-General of the State
of New York, for leave to institute quo war-
ranto proceedings against George B. Mo-
Clellan, Mayor of the city of New York, which
leave was heretofore denied, you are hereby
notified that should you desire to renew or
to make another such application a rehearing
and consideration on sald matter will be
granted by me as soon as I take office as
Attorney-General! on January 1, 1007.

You are thus informed because I deem
that the welfure and dignity of the People of
this State demand the immediate settlement
of the serious questions involved. Yours
truly, W. 8S, JACKSON,

Mr. Jackson gave out copies of this
letter at the Victoria last night.

“The letter speaks for itself,” he said.
“I have no further statement to make about
the matter at this time, Any statement
now must come from Mr. Hearst or his

counsel.”

Clarence J. Shearn, Mr. Hearst's counsel,
said that the first intimation be had that
such a letter had been sent was when he
heard of it from the reporters, though
Mr. Jackson, it was understood, had had
a talk yesterday with Mr. Shearn and also
with Mr. Hearst.

“This is certainly very gratifying to us,”
said Mr. Shearn, “As a matter of fact,
we had all along intended to present such
an application to Mr. Jackson as soon as he
took office and the papers are now ali pre-
pared and will be handed to him on Tues-
day. It will then be for him to set a date
for an argument. We intend to push this
fight for a recount as vigorously as ever,
and nothing will be spared to bring about
a recount of the votes in the ballot boxes.
It looks now as if we were going to get
some action at last.”

Mr. Shearn said that the papers which
would be submitted in the new application
were practically the same as those pre-
sented to Attorney-General Mayer, who
denied the application. In denying it Mr.
Mayer said that in his opinion nothing
was shown in the papers which would in-
dicate that the result of the election would
be materially changed.

There are 1,200 printed pages of affi-
davits for Mr. Jackson to go over alleging
frauds and mistakes in the count. The
other side has the right to oppose the
application before the Attorney-General,
and Mayor McClellan will be represented
in the argument probably by Assistant
Corporation Counsel Butts, who has han-
died the case all along. Mr. Jackson has
been asked verbally by Mr. Hearst and
his friends to give them a rehearing, but
his letter was not sent in reply to any
formal written application, and it had been
the general expectation that Mr. Jackson
would wait until after he had taken office
and received such a request. That he
anticipated this by a letter in which he says
he believes the people of the State demand
a settlement of the matter leaves little
doubt that he intends to grant the applica-
tion. In that event it will be for him to
bring an action in the Supreme Court.
He could do this in any judicial district
jn the State. It was said last night that
the action would probably be brought in
some district up the State on account of
the crowded condition of the calendar here.

It is the intention of Mayor McClellan
and his friends to oppose such proceedings
and to take advantage of every point that
seems to justify an appeal. Most of the
lawyers who have looked into the case have
given up figuring how long these proceed-
ings might take, but all bave agreed that
they will take a long time, and with a suf-
ficient number of appeals could be made to
last almost indefinitely. The expense,
which would also be great, falls on the appli-
cant if he loses.

The ballot boxes, which, as it now- looks,
will be opened, are still in the custody of
the Board of Elections of this city. Ordi-
narily their contents would have been de-
stroyed long ago and the boxes used for
the last election. The Corporation Counsel,
representing the Board of Elections and
the Mayor, asked permission from the
Supreme Court to destroy the ballots at
the end of the six months provided by law,
but Justice MacLean denied the applica~
tion, holding that while doubt existed it
would be against public policy to destroy
the proof. Mr. Hearst at that time offered
to pay for a new set of ballot boxes for use
last fall, but the Board of Elections found
that it could not allow this and had to foot
the bill itself.

Although Justice MacLean handed dowu
this decision ‘ast summer no notice of an
appeal by the Corporation Counsel was
taken until some weeks after the election of
Mr. Jackson. The matter was argued
before the Appellate Division two weeks
ago and no decision has been handed down
as yet.

The Hearst peopie have been confident
of a recount ever since Mr. Jackson's elec-
tion, though Mr. Jackson has carefully
refrained from making any statement
which would indicate that he had made
any decision himself in the matter. He has
already appointed Mr. Hearst's committee-
man, W. A. de Ford, a deputy Attorney-
General.

Mr. Jackson's letter to Mr. Hearst comes
closely on the heels of Attorney-General
Mayer’s appointment of Gherardi Davis asa
special deputy to take charge of the action
brought against Mr. Hearst che Corrupt
Practices Association to compéi him to make
a statement in detail of the sums he spent
in his last campaign, on the ground that his
statement on file contains many discrepan-
cies. The appointment was made on Friday,
and there seems. to be some doubt as to
whether it terminates when Mr. Mayer
goes out of office. Mr. Jackson said last
night in reference to the Davis appointment
that he believed it could be revoked or con-
tinued. Mr. Davis is a tember of the
executive committee of the Corrupt Prac-
tices Association and a Republican.

Try Gold & Black Label 1, 2 & 8 Crown Sh orries,
only standagu shcrrios botticd abiead. -Ade

.

*NEW YORK. MONDAY, DECEMBER 31,

STEPS TO OPEN BALLOT BOXES, |°*”": "4%

a a
ee

   

 

WICKLEN RETIRED.

 

Man Who Refused te Hazard Lives in Rescue
of President Hutcheson.

Lono Bracu, L. I., Dec. 20.—Capt. Richard
Van Wicklen, who for over a quarter of a
century has been in charge of the life sav-
ing station on this beach, has been succeeded
by Frank Langdon, who received his com-
mission a few days ago. Capt. Van Wick-
len’s retirement is said to have been brought
about by an incident that occurred last
August, when President Hutcheson of the
American Motor Car Company and two
friends, one of whom was a mate of the
Cunard Line, had to swim ashore in a raging
sea after the launch in which they were
cruising was baffled by heavy seas and had
to be anchored.

A number of cottagers on the beach ac
cused Capt. Van Wicklen and his men of
cowardice in not manning the lifeboat and
putting out to the rescue of Mr, Hutcheson
and his friends. Capt. Van Wicklen insisted
that to launch the lifeboat would be fool-
hardy. The captain felt the accusation
keenly, as his entire record seemed to belie
any cowardice on his part. The Govern-
ment officials, however, it is said, gave ear
to the cottagera,

PERSIA HAS A CONSTITUTION.

 

 

Shah, Who Is Better, and His Heir Signed
Document Yesterday.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.

TEHERAN, Dec, 30.—The Shah and the
Crown Prince signed the Constitution this
morning. It provides for a partly elective
Senate, and financial control by the lower
house. The Princes signed a separate
document promising not to dissolve the
present Parliament for two years.

The Shah is very weak, but is sitting

up.
CLUNG TO WRECKAGE TWO DAYS.

 

 

Woman and Seventeen Men Adrift in Pacific
storm.

San Francisco, Dec. 30.—A woman and
fifteen of seventeen men who were cast adrift
on a remnant of the deck house of the
American ship Great Admiral, when that
vessel was torn to pieces in a terrific gale,
December 6, 200 miles west of Cape Flattery
in the Pacific, arrived here to-day.

For two days and nights the men and
woman clung to the wreckage, tossed about
by mountainous seas.

In the middle of the first night the roof
of the deck house parted and the two frag-
ments drifted apart. The cabin boy and
cook died and their bodies were dropped
into the sea.

On December 8 those remaining were rea-
cued by the British bark Barcoe, and on
Christmas eve they were transferred to the
American bark Andrew Welch, from Hono-
lulu, which arrived here to-day,

 

MR. AKED ACCEPTS,

 

Liverpool Clergyman to Be Pastor of John
D. Rockefeller’s Church.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN.

Lonpon, Dec. 30.—The Rev. Dr. Charles
F. Aked has accepted the call to the pastor-
ate of the Fifth Avenue Baptist Church,
New York. He submitted his resignation
as pastor of the Pembroke Chapel, Liver-
pool, in a letter read to the congregation
to-night. He says he received last week
from John D. Rockefeller, one of his new
flock, a cablegram telling him he would
have a free hand in hia work in America.

——— ee

ESCAPES FROM MATTEAWAN,

 

Somebody Saws the Bars for William Hall,
Indicted for Burglary.

William Hall, an inmate of the State
Hospital for the Criminal Insane at Mat-
teawan, escaped at midnight last Saturday.
Hall was confined in the dormitory on the
second floor, but managed in some way
to reach the corridor of the lower hall and
got out through a hole made by sawing
two bars from the window grating. The
hospital authorities believe that the bars
were cut by a friend of the prisoner who
afterward aided him to escape. Hall's
absence was not discovered until 5 o'clock
in the morning.

Hall was committed to the hospital on
October 31, 1906, after having been in-
dicted for burglary in the third degree.
He was arrested on the complaint of two
women living at 901 East 165th street, whose
apartment he entered. The prisoner, the
hospital people say, was a defective and
inclined to suicide.

 

LIMIT TO WIFE'S DRESSES.

 

If Dressmaker Doesn't Make Sure Orders
Are’ Reasonable She Can't Recover.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.

Paris, Dec. 30.—The courts have decided
a case that is interesting to many husbands
as well as dresemakers. A fasbionable
dressmaker demanded $5,800 for twenty-
one gowns supplied to a woman in two
months and sued the wife and husband to
recover.

The court points out that even if the hus-
band gives his wife authority to purchase
toilettes it must be presumed that
he intends her to be reasonable, It rules
that it is the duty of the dresemaker to in-
quire whether orders given by the wife
accord with the husband's financial and
social status.

The court cautions tradesmen that they
should show prudence and reserve when
orders are offered to them that are mani-
featly exaggerated or needlessly repeated,
It awarded $3,800 to the plaintiff.

 

CAR SMASHES AN Ab -O,

 

Chauffeur Thought the Car Would Stop ata
Corner, but It Didn't.

A southbound Second avenue car yes-
terday crashed into an automobile in
which were Mrs. Blanche.S. Morton of 346
West End avenue, her brother and two
women friends.

Mrs. Morton and her party were on their
way from the Thirty-fourth street ferry.
At Thirty-sixth street and Second avenue
the car, which was in charge of Motorman
William McCurdy of 208 East Ninety-sixth
street, struck it as it was crossing the tracks.

Howard McBride of 106 East Sixty-first |

street, the chauffeur, gaid he saw the car
speeding through the avenue, but thought
that the motorman would slow up before
reaching the corner of Thirty-sixth street.

Instead of coming toa stop at the corner |

McCurdy, according to witnesses, didn't
turn off the power, and the car struck the
rear end of the automobile and hurled it
against an elevated pillar. All the occu-
pants of the automobile were thrown to
the street, but escaped injury. The ma-
chine was demolisbed.

1906 a= Copyright, 1906, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

33 KILLED IN
TRAIN WRECK

Appalling Disaster on the
B. & 0. Railroad Near
_ Washington.

 

TRACKS STREWN WITH DEAD.

 

Empty Train Crashes Into a

Local Passenger at Terra
Cotta Station.

 

The Engine of the Empty Train Pieughs
Through the Cars of the Passenger
Train, Killing and Malming Mena,
Women and Children —Most of the Dead
and Injured Were Residents of Wash-
ingten—The Rescuers Attend te the
Wounded Before Attempting te Identify
the Dead—The Accident Due to Fog,

WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.--Thirty-three are
known to be dead and moregban thirty
are more or less injured as the result of a
wreck on the Metropolitan branch of the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at Terra Cotta,
a smal! station about four miles from Wash-
ington, at 6:40 o'clock this evening. The
wreck was the most disastrous that ever
occurred in the District of Columbia. The
list of dead is as follows:

Harris, Dr. FE. Garramn, dentist, 1326 New York
avenue, Washington.

DalLgey, E_pee 0. L., Newark, Ohlo.

Boy with railroad pass in pocket for Mrs. J. A.
McCaghey and son, “account family chief clerk
to general superintendent.”

PesemaNn, Mrs. M. S., North Takoma, D. C.

MCFREED, JBANNETTS, of Terra Cotta; employee
of Bureau of Engraving and Printing.

Lippo.p, Marr, of Terra Cotta; employee of
Bureau of Engraving and Printing.

Hiopme, Guonos, 7 years of age, Terra Cotta.

Roomrs, Norman, of Marion, Ind.

Brown, Commodore P. V., address unknown.

Boy, name supposed to be Edward M. Beit.

Lows, A, Lum, 1212 F street, Washington.

KxLuer, J. A., Kensington, Ma. .

Kina, Prof. T. 1., Washington.

Rervas, Miss, Takoma, D. ©.

Two colored women, unidentified.

White man, mangled beyond identification.

White child, unidentified.

Unknown white woman, about 40 years old.

Unknown girl, 14 years old.

Unknown woman, 85 years old.

Unkpown woman, white. \

Unknown woman, about 25 years old.

Unknown white woman.

Girl, 16 years old, wearing Cornell pin.

White child.

Black child.

Two white girls, about 20 years old,

White child, 6 years old.

Three white women,

The accident was caused by an empty
train of seven coaches running into a local
train of three passenger coaches and a
baggage car which had stopped at Terra
Cotta to take on passengers. The empty
train was running at a high rate of speed
and crashed through all three of the coaches,
smashing them to splinters.

The bodies of the dead were strewn along
the track for a distance of more than a
quarter of a mile, Many of them were
horribly mutilated and it is probable that at
least eight or ten will never be identified,
as the bodies were distorted out of all human
form

The scene of the accident is a small sta-
tion a short distafite outside the city limits
of Washington. It is a mere hamlet, in-
habited only by workmen employed at the
terra cotta works.

Train 66 from Fredericksbueg is a local
which runs only on Sundays. It was com-
ing into Washington and was due here at
6:30 o’clock, in charge of Conductor Dick
Moore.

TRAIN WAS LATB

The passengers were persons who had
boarded the train at various small stations
all aleng the line down from Frederick,
Md.; whence it started at 1 o'clock this
afternoon It was about fifteen minutes
late, and in view of the fact that the night
was foggy and the tracks damp the engi-
neer made no effort to regain the lost time.

There is no station agent at Terra Cotta,
merely a platform and sted where passen-
gers wait for the train. The train had
just come toa stop when Engine 3120,
hauling seven empty passenger cars; which
left Cumberland at 1 o’clock this afternoon
on the way to Baltimore and in charge of
Engineer Harry Hildebrand and Fireman
J.T. McLellan, came down the track,

Red lights were burning upon the rear
coach of the local, but owing to the fact that
the fog was so heavy they could not be seen
for more than a few yards, In fact, Engi-
neer Hildebrand says that he was not aware
that the track was not clear until! an instant
before the collision came. With a terrific
crash his engine dashed into the coach and
ran through all three of the cars on the
local, demolishing them to kindling wood
and leaving death in its path.

Each one of the three coaches was fairly
well filled with passengers, and with only
a few exceptions none escaped death or
serious injury.

CARS THOROUGHLY SMASHED.

Had the three coaches been constructed
of tinder their demolition could not have
been more complete, as the heavy engine
| ploughed its way through and scattered
| the unfortunate victims along the track.
| Some were ground into horrible masses
beneath the wheels, while others were
killed by the flying débris.

Fora distance of fully a quarter of a mile

RL

WINES and CHAM PAGNES for NEW YEAR'S.
Dewey's Wines always give satisfaction,

H. T. Dewey & Sons Co., 128 Fulton St., New York.—

ade.

 

  
  

Rain

©

the wrecking crew and the hundreds of
curious people who went out from Washb-
ington to visit the soene of the awful ca-
tastrophe saw strewn the dismembered
limbs, trunks and * human bodies.

It required fylly ours on the part
of the earnest workers to gather these frag-
ments of human beings together and spread
them along the banks of the railroad track.
Identification was extremely difficult in
the darkness, and it was not until after 12
o'clock to-night that the bodies were
brought to Washington and taken to the
morgue.

A strange feature of the accident is the
fact that neither the engine, the tender nor
any of the empty coaches of the colliding
train left the track. Despite the damage
which it wrought the engine was only
slightly injured and neither the engineer nor
the fireman sustained any injury. Both
remained in their cab and were placed
under arrest as soon as the police reached
the scene.

ENGINEER'S CONDITION.

Engineer Hildebrand; who has been with
the road for years, was so excited that he
has not yet been able to give any lucid
account of what happened. He does not
even remember putting on the air brake
to stop his train, which ran a full length
after it had struck the rear coach of the
local, He says positively that when his
train entered the block at North Takoma,
a short distance beyond Terra Cotta, a
olear track was given him. The statement
is directly contrary to that of the operator
at North Takoma, who declares that he
gave the train the red light, indicating that
the track was not clear.

Great confusion and intense excitement
followed the crash, and in the darkness
and fog those who were fortunate enough
to escape serious injury could do little or
nothing to aid the dying or to extricate
the mangled corpses from the débris. It
was nearly an hour before a relief train
from Washington could reach the scene
and begin the work of taking out the dead
and injured.

The first news of the disaster reached
Washington by telephone from a negro
who was at the scene of thé wreck and
broke into the station and informed the
Baltimore and Ohio officials here.

LONG WAIT FOR HELP.

The first aid came from citizens and
physicians of Brookland, about a mile and
a half down the track, but as there is no
communication between Terra Cotta and
Brookland and no way of reaching the place
except by walking up the track it was nearly
a half hour before succor reached those in
distrees.

Among the first of those upon the scene
were several prieste from the Cathol @
University and monks from the Sacristan
Monastery, about a mile distant. They
entered into the active work of administer-
ing to the living and rescuing the bodies of
those who were killed.

The reserves from all the police stations
were rushed to the scene and an engine
company was also ordered out, but its ser-
vioes were not needed, as the only fortunate
feature of the accident was the fact that
no fire followed the crash. This was due
to the fact that the coaches were so badly
shattered that they were strewn all along
the track and there was practically nothing
to burn.

The trucks of the rear coach of the local
were thrown off the tracks at the station.
Those of the second coach were carried on
a distance of several hundred yards and
remained upon the track. The forwa
coach was the only one which was not com-
pletely telescoped. It was lifted from the
track and ita sides stavedin. The bodies of
two women and a child, all terribly mangled,
were taken from beneath the truck of the
second coach. All along the rails beneath
the empty cars were found the mangled
remains of the other victims.

HARRY HIGBER'S STORY.

From under one coach of the colliding
train five bodies were taken. Among the
half dozen or so persons who were stand-
ing on the platform at Terra Cotta were
Harry Higbee; an employee of the terra
cotta works; who with his seven-year-old
son, George Higbee, was waiting to assist
his sister-in-law, Mary Lippold, on the train.
Miss Lippold was going to Brookland, about
a mile and a half distant. Higbee had the
boy in his arms and the child was bidding
his aunt good-by when they saw the head-
light of the empty train. Instantly; Higbee
says, and before he realized what was about
to happen, the engine struck the rear coach
with a terrific crash. He remembers hear-
ing the awful sound mingled with the
shrieks of many human voices.

The coach at the instant seemed to burst.
Its sides flew out in both directions and
he remembers seeing splinters and all
sorts of débris flying through the air,
When he came to his senses again he found
himself beneath a pile of wreckage, his
little boy still in his arms, and his sister-in-
law lying dead near by.

With an effort he managed to extricate
himself, but found that he could not stand
upon his feet. Still clinging to the boy, he
pulled himself up on the railroad bank and
there the rescuers found him.

His fellow workmen at the terra cotta
yards, who hurried to the scene immediately
after the crash; bore him to his home a
few yards away and upon an improvised
stretcher carried the lad and his aunt.
The woman was already dead and the
child died five minutes after being taken
home aa he lay upon the bed with his in-
jured parent. Higbee is in a serious con-

dition with a badly mangled leg, but will |

probably recover.

The scene which met the eyes of those
who first reached the spot was horrifying
in the extreme. By the dim light of the
lantern they could see now and then the
SD

After all, Usher's the Scotch
that made the highball famous,— Ads,

‘

Mownary, DeckMngr $1, 1908.
and warmer to-day; partly
, nd colder to-morrow. ,

 

\

———

head, foot or hand of a° woman or child —
protruding from the mass of fragments

into which the cars had been broken. There _

were the cries and groans of the dying and
injured, and it was practically impossible te
render any aid.

In the second car were Mrs. M. 8. Pure ©

man of North Takoma and her daughter, ~

The latter is a school teacher at North
Takoma, They were coming down te
Brookland to spend the evening. They
had been on the train only two or three
minutes when the crash came. Miss Pur-
man was thrown from the train and badly -
out and injured; while her mother was

ground beneath the truck, and it required’ .

more than an hour to remove her body —
from the wreckage.

HELP FROM NEIGHBORS. O4ig

The first to offer relief were the worl
men whose cottages are along the track
at Terra Cotta. Their means of affording
succor were amall, but they did the best
they could under the circumstances until

aid arrived on the scene from Washington, Z

The women brought water and tore up
their bedding for bandages, while the men,
working with the best means at hand, took
out all of the injured that it was possible
for them to reach and carried many of them
to their humble homes to await the arrival
of the relief train which should take them,
to Washington, where they were distributed
among the several hospitals.

While awaiting the arrival of the relief
train the injured who were thus, resoued
were ministered to by the monks and priesta
and the several physicians who hurried
to the scene from Brookland and Bright-
wood, about a mile and a half away.

Half a dozen or more physicians with
medical supplies and bandages were taken
out on the relief train, which was made
up hurriedly after the first news of the ad.
cident reached Washington. It was more °
than two hours, however, before the relief
train was started back from Terra Cotta te
Washington, and as a result two of the
injured died on the way to this city.

The news of the catastrophe spread
rapidly in Washington, as there were many
people aboard the train whose homes are
in this city and others who have friends and
relatives here. A large crowd gathered at
the Baltimore and Ohio station here to
await the arrival of the incoming relief
train and search for their friends among
the injured. Hundreds of others hurried
to the scene on electric cars, in automo-
biles andincarriages—many of them search-
ing for relatives and friends they believed
to have been on the train.

GATHERING UP THE DRAD. a

After three hours of diligent work the
volunteer rescuers who were aasisting the
meagre force of railway employees, and in
fact did the greater portion of relief work,
had gathered up a score or more of bodies
and arranged them ina line along the tracks.
Some were placed upon cushioned seats
which had been taken from the wreckage;
but for the most part the unfortunate
victims lay on the damp ground with
nothing beneath them, and only sow and
then a sheet or piece of tattered garment >
spread over the face to hide a grewsome
sight.

In some instances it was absolutely im-
possible to match dismembered parts of
bodies, and in more than one case the head
or limb or arm of a man could be found
beside the trunk of a girl, and it will prob-
ably never be possible to patoh out from
the fragments all of the bodies of the um
fortunate victims,

With the bodies of the men the task
was slightly easier; as they found letters
and cards and various other marks which
revealed the names of the dead.

When all the bodies had been taken
from the wreck and laid side by side along
the track the police; with the aid of railroad
lante went along the gow of corpses
and made the best efforts possible to iden-
tify those of the victims whose features
were still discernable, It wae a difficult
task, as a majority of the unfortunate ones
were women and children and they had
nothing on their persons to reveal their
identity.

In one mass of débris which the police

burriedly piled together there waa the |

trunk of a small child, the limb of a man
and the hand and arm of a girl.

Despite the horror of the accident the
railroad officials were extremely slow in
doing anything to relieve the situation. A

gang of men was sent to the scene, but they :
did little toward affording any relief. ‘

Distressing scenes were witnessed when .

the first relief train from the scene of the ‘

wreck reached the B. and O. station in
Washington. Hundreds of people; most
of them merely curious but many who
were relatives or friends of the dead or

jured, were waiting for its arrival, There
was much crying and some of the women
became hysterical when the work of trans-
ferring the injured to ambulances‘ was

and passenger cars that it was with the
greatest difficulty that the large corps of
doctors, policemen and other assistants
were able to reach them and carry them
to ambulances.

Major Sylvester; Chief of Police, per-
sonally directed the work of the police.
The ambulances were rushed as fast as pos-
sible to the hospitals.

The injured were taken to Providence,
Emergency, Garfield and Casualty hos-
pitals, where all are apparently doing well
except Cornelius Eckhardt; Mayor of Ken~-
sington, Md.; who is auditor of the Washing-
ton Star Newspaper Company. He is
very seriously injured and may die.

Several of those who were killed were
evidently in the employ of the railway.
In the pocket of the coat of one man were
found two pay envelopes which had never
been opened. They bore the name Com-
modore Brown. One contained $48 and
the other $47.50.

In the pocket of a lad about 8 or 10 years
old was found a Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road pass issued to Mrs. J, A. McCaghey
and son. It is not known whether or not
the boy’s mother was among the list of the
dead, but a woman, evidently his mother;
was found dead not far from him.

It will probably be several days before
the exact number of dead is known and
owing to the fact that so many bodies were
so horribly mangled and scattered it may
be impossible to determine the exact
number.

In the confusion and excitement which

~_-

a

Pa
Ls DS pee

 

2h s,

Wh

 

4