VOL, LXXIL—NO, 345.

 

 

oe So

i

vot

 

: By sty pri?

mo)

eS
2 Le

Par

ao
ee ;
Reus OL Obed

 

 

NEW \ YORK, FRI DAY AUGUST 11, 1905.—<opyright, 1908, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aescciation.

 

5 Famay, Avaver 11, 4006, iG

 

Cloudy to-day; to-morrow showers;
light to fresh south winds,

 

boyy

 

———————————wOONSSSSSSSS eee

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

PRESIDENT TALKS 10 60,000, | ®

 

GHEIR NOISE VEXES HIM AS OAR-
DINAL GIBBONS SPEAKS.

 

“Those Who Cannot Stand Still Go Away!”’
Le Cries to the Crowd —Good Words
(or Temperance, Industry and Trade

\
(nions ‘“Justly and Wisely Handled.”

WrtKesBaRRe, Pa., Aug. 10.—President
Roosevelt to-day addressed a crowd esti-
mated at about 60,000, perhaps the most
unruly crowd he ever addressed. The
only speaker that succeeded in making
himsif heard was the President. The
others, including John Mitchell, president
of the mine workers, and Cardinal Gibbons,
@ prince of his Church, might have been
apeuking in Hoboken for all anybody heard
of their talk, but the President quieted
the crofvd in an instant.

In the middle of the river common was
built a small covered platform, ana about
this the crowd surged and swayed and
murmured and  chattered unceasingly.
Police duty was done by a sprinkling of
town police and a regiment of a thousand
members of the Catholic Total Abstinence
Union. But as the regiment was strung in
a thin line along the route, the crowd was
poorly controlled, and Sloan and Tyree, the
Secret Service men, were alarmed for the
safety of the President.

When the Presidential train arrived at the
Wilkesbarre station, promptly at 8 o’clook,
a large crowd was assembled, and then
began cheering and handclapping, which
followed the President throughout his atay
here.

John Mitchell was the first to jump upon
the car platform and seize the President's
band. The President greeted him court-
eously. Father Curran was second and
then came Mayor Kirkendall, Congress-
man W. H. Palmer and the other welcomers.
They conducted the President to his car-
riage through the station, which had about
the poorest police protection possible.
Nothing was roped off. Mayor Weaver
was all but arrested for butting in and every-
body closed in behind the President. Even
Jacob Riis and the President’s son and
nephews had to fight their way to the car-
riage and Mr. Riis clung to them lest they
be crushed. Other members of the party
aimply played football.

The drive to the station was luckily
short. The path roped off on the common
for the President to walk through was as
little protected as the station, and many
broke in upon it. On the platform sat
Cardinal Gibbons, wearing his red hat.
He and the President greeted eaoh other
cordially. There were many other digni-
taries, both secular and of the Church, on
the platform.

But no one seemed to be presiding. To
pacify all factions it was so arranged that
no one actually presided. Yesterday morn-
ing John Mitchell issued a statement calling
attention to the fact that the meeting was
as much under the auspices of the Catholio
Total Abstinence Union as under that of
the United Mine Workers, and these two fac-
tions ag well as the civic authorities worked
hard to avoid conflict.

Previous to the President's arrival nearly
ten thousand men, representing the temper-
ance faction, paraded throughout Wikee-
barre.

The reason the Ninth Regiment here
had not esccrted the President was be-
caute he had declined a military escort
and the guardsmen did not want to do
police duty, That added the National
Guard facticn.

lo Father J. J. Curran was given the
honor of opening the meeting and welcom-
{ng the Pr>sident, because he really origi-
nated the idea of the President’s coming
to Wilkesbarre. I7e invited the President
last year on behalf oi (he C. T. A. U. But
whe. the President declined on account
of the sectarian character of the body
Father Curran invoked the aid of the United
Mine Workers, and the President agreed to
address them jointly. Father Curran spoke
a few words of welcome and introduced
Cardinal Gibbons. .

PRESIDENT COMMANDS SILENOB.

The Cardinal has a strong, well modu-
lated voice, but not a syllable of his speech
could be heard. The crowd murmured and
muttered and swayed until the President
conld bearjit no longer. He leaped from his
seat, waved his hand and cried: “Let each
one stand atill and give the Cardinal a chance
to speak.” The Cardinal went on and those
near him heard just the words “capital
and labor," and no more. The Cardinal
ended and sat down, and the President
angrily remarked: “Nobody can speak.
T:'s just the fact that we are here that will
have to do.”

Mayor Kirkendale, the next speaker,
introduced by Father Curran, began by
faving that there was a time in
every man’s life when he feels he is not
sufficiently equipped. The Mayor was not,
that was certain. Nothing short of a
megaphone in his throat would have been
sufficient equipment to make himself heard.
Meanwhile there were little turbulent risings
in the crowd of miners against the Total
Abstinence Union policemen, and the Se-
cret Service men looked anxiously about.
The President again waved his hand and
kept the crowd atill for a moment, but only
for a moment.

When John Mitchell arose some one
remarked that he waa ‘'the boy that could
fetch 'em,’’ but he didn't. In the lulls of
the crowd's roaring you could catch the
idea that Mitchell was singing the praises
of trade unionism and glorifying its prog-
tess. In 1902, he said, a contest between

_ the miners and operators was brought to a

eatisfactory close largely through the
Offices of “our distinguished guest,” and
through him conditions since have been
Materially improved, One oould catch
little run of his speech.

Mitchell must have introduced the Presi-
dent, for the President arose determined to
get that crowd quiet. And he did.

“Those who cannot stand still, go away,”
he cried as he arose. “I mean this seriously.
There are many women and children in the
crowd and you may injure them. Show
Your power for organization. I shall come
and speak on all sides.”

By a system of jollying and scolding the
President succeeded in keeping the crowd
still and sileng. Then the President went
on with his speech. He said:

The Presidedt’s Speech.

I am particularly glad to speak to this
audience of miners and their wives and
children, and especially
the auspices of this great tempe
SIS rae fea te, ae

or our e
all upon the welfare of the
and the welfare of the farmer.

Continued on Second Page.

 

Ex-Owner of Haymarket With the Reveries
Butte in on the Cruise.

Rear Commodore Eddie Corey of the
Jamaica Bay Yacht Club was prominent
at the rendezvous of the New York Yacht
Club fleet at Glen Cove yesterday. Corey
made his money running the Haymarket
In this city and now he says he has sold
it and intends to enjoy life. He is ambitious
to be recognized as a yachtaman and he
owns the steam yacht Reverie, a hand-
some craft of 02 tons and 180 feet length.
This boat was formerly owned by Com-
modore Frederick G. Bourne of the New
York Yaoht Club. Commodore Bourne
had a good opportunity to look her over
again because she was anchored close to
the flagship Colonia, F

The Reverie was one of the firat yachta
to reach Glen Cove and when the hundred
or more other yachts reached that anchor-
age the Reverie became the center of the

squadron,
Beyond getting elected Rear Commodore,
Corey's effof%s to get recognized as a yachts-

man have not been very successful. Three
weeks ago the Larchmont Yacht Club
had what is known as “Race Week.”

It iaa custom among yacht clubs to extend
the privileges of a clubhouse, floate and
anchorages to members of other clubs,
and Rear Commedore Corey, flying the
flag of the Jamaica Bay Yacht Club at his
foremast, thought that sufficient introduc-
tion and while at Larchmont he visited
the clubhouse, made himself perfectly
at home and seemed prepared to spend a
pleasant week.

The members of the club thought dif-
ferently and before the Reverie had
been in the harbor long, Rear Com-
modore Corey was told politely that his
presence was not wanted. The Reverie
soon weighed anchor and disappeared.

 

MRS. JOHN D. BATES MARRIED.

Won by «a British Captain—Onoe Batee'’s
Cook, He Left Her 68,000,000.

Boston, Aug. 10,—It has"just;been learned
that Mrs, Mary Bates, widow of John D,
Bates, who died five years ago leaving
her a Jarge fortune and a mansion on Com-
monwealth avenue, recently married Capt.
Henry F. Fitzroy, lately of the British man-
of-war Charybdis. The marriage was per-
formed by the Rev. John J. O'Keefe of St.
Cecilia's Church, in the Back Bay.

Mrs. Rates met Capt. Fitzroy in Bermuda
eighteen months ago. His ship was ata-
tioned there. Then he visited Boston and
they became engaged.

Capt. Fitzroy returned to his ship and
resigned his commission in the naval eer-
vice. He returned to the United States
some time ago and visited Mrs, Bates at
her summer home in Center Harbor, N, H.
Then the marriage was performed, and the
couple have returned to Center Harbor for
the rest of the season. Capt. Fitzroy {is to
live in this country hereafter.

Mre. Fitzroy came to Beston thirteen
years ago from Ireland, where she was
born, and became a cook in the residence
of Mr. Bates. It is said that Mr. Bates left
her $8,000,000. :

SAVED BY HARBOR POLICE.
Two Men Rescued From Sinking Barge

—Coal for Randall's Island Lest.

The coal barge Bertha, Capt. Edward
Bowe, drifted on a rock inthe East River
opposite 116th street yesterday afternoon
and sank. The captain and his son,
Francis Bowe, jumped overboard and
were rescued by Roundsman Lewis and
a squad of harbor police.

The barge, which was owned by William
Hawkins of 1 Broadway, was loaded with
1,500 tons of soft coal for Randall's Island.
By mistake the barge was towed to Ward's
Island, There was a cry for coal from
Randall's Island in the afternoon and the
steamer Fidelity af the Charities Depart-
ment was sent to tow the barge up.

Opposite 116th street the bawser snapped
and the barge went on the rocks. |

As Capt. Berry of the Fidelity tried to
get back into the channe] the stern of
his boat struck a rock, breaking the pro-
peller. The boat drifted toward the rocks
in Little Hell Gate, but the tug Escort put
out from the Manhattan side and kept the
Fidelity in the channel.

FRANCIS WANTS TO RUN

For President, if Bryan Is Not in the Way.

Butte, Mon., Aug. 10.—David R. Francis,
ex-Governor of Missouri, who, with his
family and a party of friends entered Yellow-
stone Park to-day for an outing, is quoted
as saying that he will soon announce him-
self as a candidate for the next Democratic
Presidential nomination, provided Bryan is
not in the way.

LID ON IN ATLANTIC CITY.

Supreme Court Justice Swayze Wrote a
Few Letters About Rumored Gambling.

ATLANTIO Ciry, Aug. 10.—The lid came
down on gambling here to-day. The cause
of the sudden closing of doors and drawing
of blinds was the arrest of five men charged

with operating poker and crap games.
They were brought before Common Pleas
Judge E. A. Higbee, who sat in his office to
hear the pleadings. They waived hearings
and gave $500 bail each.

Those accused are Robert Delaney,
whose alleged poker rooms were opposite
the Reading station on Atlantic avenue;
John Kelly, crap table, South North Carolina
avenue; i. Betz, poker, South Illinois ave-
nue; Capt. Crowly, poker, South Kentucky
avenue, and William Muhirad, poker, Bout
Delaware avenue. "2

Supreme Court Justice Francis Swayze
wrote polite notes to Mayor Stoy, Prosecu-
tor J. E. P. Abbott, Sheriff Samuel Kirby
and Chief of Police kidridge recently,
calling attention to the reports that there
were pool selling, poker playing and other
unlawful practises in existence in the resort
and he wanted them to do their duty. Chief

 

 

ll

 

Eldridge acted promptly, but when his |
€

sleuths got to the alleg ambling places
there was no evidence secured to convict
any one.

 

Mrs. Roosevelt at Farmington.

New Haven, Conn., Aug. 10.—Mis. Roose-
velt, wife of the President, a woman guest
and three of the Roosevelt children came
over this afternoon from Oyster Bay in
the Sylph and then went in a carriage to
the railroad station. They went to Farm-
ington, Conn., to the home of Commander
w.i. Cowles, for a visit. It was understood
that the party will retum here to-morrow
and go back to ter Bay on the Sylph.

ore Roosevelt, Jr., who has been in

for a vacation with a schoolboy

friend, will join his mother here to-morrow
and return to Oyster Bay.

18 HOURS TO CHICAGO OVER
ROCK BALLAST.
“The Pennsylvania Special” gives the passenger
ween

ick transfer from New York to
PGiness hours over @ dustices rosdbed.—A.

 

oo

. coney wird TH8 NW. ¥. ¥. 0.| BUBHES AND M'KBEN CHOSEN,

OHOATE MAY AID AS ADVISER
TO ARMSTRONG COMMITTEE.

The Ex-Ambassador Firet Asked to Serve
as Active Counsel—Date for Firet
Hearing Not Set—Hughee to Be Away
Unt) Sept. 10—Mokeen Aoceptes.

The Joint legislative committee appointed
to investigate insurance conditions in this
State has chosen ae ite counsel Charles E.
Hughes and James MoKeen, These two
men will act jointly in conducting the in-
vestigation, but there will probably be
other counsel who will serve in an advisory
capacity.

Efforta are being made to retain Joseph
H. Choate in this capacity, and it was an-
nounced authoritatively last night that the
committee felt encouraged in ite endeavors.

The announcement was made late last night
by Senator Armstrong, chairman of the
committee, after the committee had held
a three hours session at the Murray Hill
Hotel. Mr. MoKeen was notified at onoe
of hig appointment. He wae stopping at
the Hamilton Club in Brooklyn and hurried
over to meet the committee. A cable de-
6patch was sent to Mr. Hughes, who is on a
bicycle tour in Austria. It was said that
there were one or two little things that had
to be arranged with Mr. Hughes before he
would actually accept the retainer, but that
the committee felt certain that he would
serve.

“Mr. MoKeen,” said Senator Armstrong,
*is able, honest and has a character for
independence. He hae been identified
with various reform movements.”

Mr. Hughes, Chairman Armstrong said,
was too wel known as a professional man
through his succese in the gas investigation
to need any comment. He believed that
the appointments were excellent and that
tbe inquiry would be pushed to a successful
conclusion in fine shape. It would, he
said, probably be at least ten days or two
weeks before the actual taking of the testi-
mony could begin, as the lawyers will have
to famiHarize themselves thoroughly with
all the reports that have come out in the
Equitable scandal as well as with life insur-
ance methods generally. The members
of the joint committee will, however, con-
tinue their eftorts to arrange plans for the
investigation in detail. Mr. Hughes, it
was said last night, will probably not be
back in this country until Sept. 10. Upto
that time Mr. McKeen will have charge
of the committee's affairs.

It was learned last night that the com-
mittee bad tried to get Mr. Choate to be
active counsel, but that he refused to con-
sider this offer.

Mr. McKeen is a practising lawyer of
Brooklyn. He is president of the Brooklyn
League and was a member of the recent
committee of nine which investigated
police conditions in this olty. He was
Assistant Corporation Counsel under Mayor
Low and ran on the Republican-Fusion
ticket two years ago for the Supreme Court
bench, but was defeated.

Before its night session the committee's
time yesterday was largely taken up by
the six insurance commissioners from oute
side States who have come to make an in
vestigation of several of the New York
State companies. The commissioners have
come to this State because they “fear”
that politics entered into the New York
State department’s investigation of the
Equitable, This statement was made by
one of the commissioners:

All his colleagues, he declared, have the
highest regard for Supt. Hendricks per-
sonally, and while they do not express the
belief that politics has been played in the
Equitable investigation, still there is, this
man declared, fear that some such thing
das happened. It was not, he said, so much
the choice of the commissioners as it was
a demand on the part of the policyholders
for first hand knowledge.

The outside oommissioners—Zeno M.
Hot of Wisconsin, T. D. O'Brien of Minne-
sota, Henry R. Prewitt of Kentucky, R. E,
Folk of Tennessee, R. E. Forster of Louis-
{ana and J. A. Pierce of Iowa—told the
local investigating committee that they
intended to investigate not only the Equ-
table, but the New York and Mutual Life
and several other companies, It was
pretty well understood between the oom‘
missioners and the committee before the
conference was over that the two sets of
investigators would pull together in their
work.

The commissioners, it was suggested,
would be of great service to the legislative
investigators in being able to indicate trails
that ought to be followed to subsidiary
companies oyer which the insurance com-
missioners would have no jurisdiction, but
which would be aoceasible to the State com-
mittee.

A list of questions prepared by Commis-
sioners Folk and Prewitt and submitted
some time ago to all the insurance com-
panies doing business in Kentucky and
Tennessee was presented to the com-
mittee, with the answers which had been
received. These questions covered most
of the general irregularities in life insur-
ance management and methods that had
been disclosed in the Equitable scandal.
The committee was very much interested
in the answers given by the officers of the
New York companies, which were almost
invariably of the right eort from the stand-
point of proper insurance methods.

The answers were regarded by the com-
mittee of considerable value because they
put on record the officers of the com-
panies which they are to investigate,

The commissioners will visit the offices
of several of the insurance companies to-
day and will begin work at once on their
investigation.

Each State represented will probably
send a man from its Insurance|Department
and the work will be divided among them, a
joint report being issued when the investi-
gation is concluded. One or two of the
commissioners will remain in the city all
of the time to superintend the work.

It is estimated that it will take at least
three months for the commissioners to com-
plete the task which they have outlined.

The chief reason for the mistrust that
politics may have crept into the New York
State Insurance Department seemed to be
that the disclosures concerning Senator
Depew were overlooked in the State Super-
intendent's preliminary report and the
failure to bring out the facts regarding
Edward H. Harriman’s relations with the
Equitable.

BETTING THE PACE.

When the New York Central Lines placed in
service the Smppite State Express in 1801, the “Ex-
1808, followed pine years later by

be Century Limited, the wonderfully success -
ful 20-hour train betw New York end Chicago,
ey, — the peace for the railways of the would:

tt

WIRELESS TO HAWAII,

Station Is Being Bull on @ Mountain Near
Ban Francisco.

San Francisco, Aug. 10.—The Pactifio
Wireless Telegraph Company {a at work
constructing a station on Mount Tamale
pais, ten miles from this city, which will
be connected with a station in the Hawaiian
Islands by the wireless system.

T¥o thousand milea {s a long distance
to cover, and powerful batteries will be
required. The managers believe, never-
theless, that their project is feasible and
that within a few months San Francisco
will be communicating with the islanders
without, inoonvenience or delay.

At tb ofte of the company to-day W.
D. Valentine said: “We are not merely
experimenting with wireless telegraphio
communication with Honolulu, but we
are going to make it a fact. Before many
months the cable will be unnecessary.”

TO SETTLE TARIFF DISPUTE.

Ambassador Meyer Reaches an Agree-
ment With Lamedorff on Sugar.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
6r. Pererssura, Aug. 10.—Ambassador
Meyer after a fortnight’s negotiation with
Foreign Minister Lamsdorff and M.
Kokovtssff, Minister of Finance, has are
rived at asatisfactory basis for solution
of the Ruaso-American sugar tariff oon-

trovery.

The problem before Ambassador Meyer
was to seoure the revooation of the
maximum duties upon American imports,
imposed upon them in retaliation for the
imposition of a countervailing duty by the
United States upon Russian sugar.

MISS ANNA FITZHUGH MISSING.

Manhattan Beach Hotel Hears That
Actress Was Hurt in Auto Mishap.

Miss Anna Fitzhugh, who has been sing-
ing in vaudeville at the Manhattan Beach
Theater this summer, didn’t show up for
the afternoon and evening performances
yesterday, and Manager Robinson of the
theater didn’t know what to make of it.

Somebody called up the Manhattan Beaeh
Hotel, where Miss Fitzhugh has been etop-
ping, and sald that she had been injured
in an automobile accident. The man on
the phone didn’t give hia name.

Miss Fitzhugh badn't appeared at the hotel
late last night.

TEAM LOST IN

Boat Started Just as They Were Driviog
Aboard at Erle Station in Jersey City.
Just as Matthew Murray was driving a

team of horses harnessed to a truck loaded
with chocolate over the bridge at the Erie
ferry in Jersey City yesterday afternoon
to board the ferryboat Goshen of the Cham-
bers street line the boat went out and the
rig went overboard.

Murray jumped and did not get wet.
The horses were drowned and the choco-
late got watersoaked. The slip was out
of commission while the borees and wagon
were being raised.

ARSENIC WITH EVERY DRINK.

New Orleans Saloons Supply Pills to Ward
On Yellow Feyer.

New Orieans, Aug. 10.—The suggestion
by several doctors that arsenization
prevents yellow fever resulted in a de-
mand for an arsenic preparation which
very soon exhausted the supply. Two or
three chemical firms have been working
night and day turning out arsenic pills.

Several of the saloons, notably thatin
the St. Charles Hotel, give an arsenio pill
with each drink.

 

 

 

FERRY SLIP.

 

COLLECTOR ROGERS OUSTED.

President Asked the Head of the Richmond
OMeial.

RIcHMOND, Va., Aug. 10.—Collector of
Internal Revenue Asa Rogers of this dis-
trict has, at the request of President Roose-
velt, forwarded his resignation to the de-
partment. Tbe request came direct from
the President and was in the form of a
letter written by Secretary Loeb, which
briefly notified Col. Rogers that he was
persona non grata.

The resignation was at once forwarded,
but efforts are being made by the collector's
friends to keep him in office. It is said that
the administration of Col. Rogers has
lacked force and the President had his
attention called to the matter. His ‘suc-
cessor will probably be M. T. Lowry, a
Slemp Republican.

 

 

BOAT CAPSIZES, TWO DROWN.

 

Man Who Can’t Swim Drags Down Comrade
Who Triesto Save Him,
NortHport, L. I., Aug. 10.--Alexander
Wilensky and Max Greene, each 18 years of
age, were drowned this afternoon in the
Centerport neck of Northport harbor.
The young men were members of the
Young Men's Hebrew Association camp on
the shore and were out in a boat. There
was some sea on and this swamped the boat,
and the two were thrown into the water,
Wilensky could not swim, and Greene,
who could, went to his aid. Wilensky
became frightened and threw his arms
about Greene and strangied him, both going
down together. Their bodies were not
recovered. ‘

CYCLIST TOM BUTLER KILLED.

 

“Volo’’ Failed to Loop a Forty Foot Gap
and Broke His Skull.

Butte, Mon., Aug. 10.—Ihomas Butler,
the bicyclist with Barnum & Bailey's show,
who has been doing a loop-the-gap act,
died at Missoula to-night from injuries
sustained at Helona yesterday. Butler
failed to cover the forty foot gap and struck
the platform, falling to the ground and
fracturing his skull and sustaining internal
injuries. He was known as “Volo” and
his wife does the automobile “dip of death”
act with the same show.

AMBASSADOR DURAND LAID UP,

 

Confined to His Room by an Old Cricket
Field Injury.

PITTSFIELD, Mass., Aug. 10.—Sir Mor-
timer Durand, the British Ambassador, is
confined to his summer residence, Deep
Dene, Lenox, with an injured knee. The
Ambessador, playing cricket on the Lenox
fleld last summer, was struck by a swift ball
just below the knee. At the time the hurt
gave him little trouble, but several times
since he hus suffered much pain in the
knee, It is a probable the Ambassa-
dor will play oricket again this year.

643.00 TO COLORADO AND RETURN
Via Lehigh Valley RK. R. Information at 365, 1284
Brosdway, N. ¥., 826 Fulton St., Brooklyn—<Ades.

°

 

JAPAN'S TERMS
STAGGER WITTE

Fact That Sum of Indemnity
Is Left Indefinite Only
Ground for Hope,

ROOM FOR A COMPROMISE,

 

Though the Mikado Wants the
Czar to Bear Full Cost
of War.

 

Document Defining the Viotor’s Con-
ditions Is Surprisingly Brief and Is
Cabled to St. Petersburg for Ministerial
Consideration—Belicved That Czar Is
No Less Anxious for War to End Than
Are His Pilenipotentiartes— Ram ons
of a Russian Loan to Pay Indemnity.

PortsMouTH, N. H., Aug. 10.—Japan's
peace terms are at last known to the Russian
envoys.

They are regarded by the Czar's plenipo-
tentlaries as unnecessarily severe and bu-
millating, but there is still a lingering hope
for a auccessful termination of the negotia-
tions.

It is“énly a lingering hope; however; ff
one is to judge by the expressions of dismay
that are being uttered to-night in the sum-
mer hotel annex where the Russians have
their quarters.

They are depressed, decidedly depressed,
those among them 10 have seen or heard
the conditions which Japan seeks to impose
upon her enemy as the price of ending the
war.

More astonishing to the Russians than
any other thing in the statement of terms
submitted by Baron Komura and Mr. Taka-
hira was that the Japanese did not ask for
any specific indemnity.

They do make it plain, however, that
they expect to be compensated for the
loases inourred by them in their confilct
with Russia, which is interpreted to mean
that the European belligerent is expected
to pay in full for the enormous expendi-
tures which Japan has made. e

HOLDS OUT A CHANCE FOR COMPROMISE.

But the failure of the Japanese to insist
upon the payment of a specific sum holds
out a chance of compromise, and the feel-
ing exists among some of the Russians
here that the conditions admit of discus-
sion.

So the peace conference has not come
to an end with the presentation of Japan's
terms, as it was freely predicted it would
by those who were inclined to be pessi-
mistic.

It had been declared by some who claimed
to have an inkling of the demands which
Japan would make that Mr. Witte and
Baron Rosen would indignantly withdraw
from the conference when Baran Komura
and Mr. Takahira let it be known what their
Government desired from Russia in return
for an agreement to stop hostilities.

They did nothing of the kind; they acted
as courteous gentlemen would aot, publicly
receiving the communication of the Japa-
nese envoys with the request that an ad-
journment be taken until it could be exam-
ined. 4

Of course the request was granted at once
by Japan's embassy, and it is probable that

|
: will not be another meeting until
|

Monday at least, this giving the Russian
emissaries reasonable time to transmit
the text of the Japanese communication
and their own views upon its contents
to the Government at St. Petersburg and
to receive instructions from the Czar
as to their future course.
JAPAN'S NOTE SURPRISINGLY BRIEF.

The note submitted by “the Japanese
plenipotentiaries was surprisingly brief,
and as ita text or very full synopsis was
cabled to the Foreign Office atSt. Petersburg
early this afternoon it is possible that the
Emperor and his Ministers may have been
made acquainted with the conditions of the
enemy before they retired for the night.

Among the Rugsians the inclination
is to furnish to the press the contents
of the Japanese communication, but for
the prestnt no decision will be made in this
connection. The hope waar held out this
evening, however, that the seal of secrecy
imposed upon those in possession of this
momentous document may be removed on
Saturday.

Courtesy to Japan and to the Emperor
of Russia, it is declared, demands that the
text of the Japanese conditions, shall not
be disclosed, for the Japanese envoys have
shown an unwillingness to let the world
know the extent and character of their
terms and the Czar may not be in posses-
sion of them until to-morrow.

There is apparently a determined inten-
tion on the part of all those who know
what has been proposed by Japan to guard
the secret jealously until mutual agreement
has been reached or proper permission
given to take the public into the confidence
of the two belligerent nations.

RUSSIA REALLY WANTS PEACE,
| In spite of the gloomy outlook meen
| through Russian spectacles there is enough
evidence at hand that has a collateral bear-
ing on the present situation to justify at

 

'
|
|
}
}

least the suspicion that the Czaf's Gov-,

ernment, whatever its instructions to ite .

envoys at Portsmouth, is sincerely anxious
to end the war and will show a disposition

to come to terms {f the Japanese manifest | Mr. Witte to begin the proceedings, as had

an equal willingness to offer eome con-
Ceasions.

Information of a reliable character has,
reached here that the Russian Ministry
of Finance is endeavoring to raise a loan of
$500,000,000, and while a natural inference
would be that this amount ts desired to
continue the war, the contrary {!s to be sup-
posed from the statement with which this
news is coupled—that among European
bankers who have been approached on
the subject the impression prevails that
the money 1s to be used in the payment
of an indemnity to Japan.

It may or may not be significant in this
connection that after the Russian envoys
had received the terms of Japan they
sent messages to the Rothschilds and to a
banking house in Antwerp. This piece
of intelligence is given for what it is worth
and with no attempt to explain ite meaning.

GLOOMY FEELING ONLY DEEPENED.

It is worthy of note that the fpeasimism
existing among the Russian emissaries
since the Japanese terms were presented
is merely a deepening of a gloomy feeling
that prevailed before the conditions of the
Tokio Government were known. This
pessimism proceeded from the belief that
the imperial] authorities at St. Petersburg
would not consent to sanotion any agree-
ment that {mposed upon Russia conditions
that might be regarded as humiliating.

The envoys felt,that they would be able
to negotiate a treaty that would be fairly
satisfactory to themselves if they were lef)
free and untrammelled in the oonduct
of the exghanges, but they doubted the ex-
{stence of a similar feeling at St.Petersburg.
It may be, however, that the Czar and his
ministers do not differ eo radically from’
their peace enovye in this connection as
some of those who are attached to the Rus-
alan mission at Portamouth seem to think.

Too much importance has perhaps been
attached by the Russian plenipotentiaries
and their subordinates to the advices re-
ceived from St. Petersburg in regard to
the atate of feeling amon the influential
classes there. They have unquestionably
been deeply impressed with the trend of
sentiment in favor of a continuance of fight-
ing if Japan sought to impose humiliating
terms upon Russia.

REALIZE THAT FURTHER FIGHTING IS USELESS

Generally speaking, the personnel of the
mission. now engaged in the conduct of ne-
gotiations in this new world town is heartily
in favor of bringing about an agreement.
It ia realized by these men that a prolonga-
iton of hostilities is useless and since their
arrival here they have found reason to hope
for a happy termination of the work which
has brought them so far from home.

Left to themselves, remote from a tele-
graph cabje office, assured that they were
free,to draw a treaty with the Japanese

without oonstant instruotions and oon-
flicting commands from across the sea,
they would unquestionably come toa fairly
good understanding with the envoya of
the Mikado; provided only the latter were
willing to meet them half way.

But When the Russian plenipotentiaries,
after becoming convinoed of the sincerity
and good faith of their competitors in this
great game of nations, are suddenly oon-
fronted by the knowledge that the feeling
in thelr country is opposed to making the
substantial concessions which they are aon-
vinced must be made to bring about an
ending of a bloody, disastrous conflict; they
naturally find their rosy views of the out-
come owersbadowed by black clouds that
portend trouble.

RUSSIANS MORB VOLATILE THAN FERNCH-
MEN,

*The Russians more resemble the sup-
posedly typical Frenchman than the French
themselves,” said one competent European
observer, and from the example furnished
of the Russian character by the men sent
to Portsmouth to represent the Czar the
point appears to be well taken. One day
the Russian mission is buoyant with hope,the
next it is down in the dumps, teetering be-
tween pessimism and optimism.

The dominant note is pessimistic, but it
is tempered by a feeling that in the end the
peace negotiation will be successful if not
entirely satisfactory from a Russian point
of view if the envoys are allowed to take
their own course,

Mr. Witte, although he has given the im-
pression that Russia will never consent to
pay an indemnity, would doubtless find
means of overcoming that seemingly in-
superable obstacle if he were left to his
own resourceg in his communications with
the Japanese envoys.

WAY OPENED FOR A COMPROMISE.

The most hopeful note in all this de-
pression that exists to-night is found in
the failure of the Japanese to demand a
specific amount of money as an indemnity.

In this the opportunity for compromise
is offered, and it fits in nicely with the Rus-
sian suggestion that a transfer to Japan of
all rights in the Russo-Chinese Railway
might be made the means for securing a
reduction in the sum which Japan will
ultimately demand. This suggestion is
born of the Russian hope that an indemnity
of an indirect character will be accepted by
the victor in lieu of cold, hard and pride
lowering cash.

Should the negotiations be continued to
the point where discussion of the indemnity
feature is possible the Russians will propose,
it is declared, that a cash value be placed
upon the railroad property of Russia within
the theater of warfare, Siberia not included,
and the amount deducted from the total
indemnity wigh which Japan will be satis-
fled in consideration of a transfer hy Russia
to Japan of all rights in these railways.

OPENED ALMOST INFORMALLY.

To-day’s session of the plenipotentiaries
was exceedingly brief. The agreed upon
hour for the meeting wa: 9:30 o’clock, but |
all the envoys and their secretaries were |
late reaching the conference hall in the
Portsmouth navy yard, whither they were

ken in automobiles and brakea by the
roundabout route which the State Depart-
ment’a representative selected. There was
little if any formality in assembling, the
envoys and their secretaries taking their
places without ceremony at the big rectan-
gular table in the center of the conference
room, two envoys and three secretaries on
each side. ,

Baron Komura and Mr. Takahira were
attended by Mesers.Sato, Adatci and Otcihal
and Mr. Witte and Baron Rosen by Meassra
Plangen, Nebako& and Korostovitch.

If any among the Japanese expected

 

been predicted, with a speech eetting forth
the reasons which produced the war they
were agreeably disappointed, for he did
nothing of the sort.

The first businese was the formal exohange
of oredentiala, and this was disposed of in
@ prefunctory manner, each sidé having
assured the other last evening that full
powers to negotiate were conferred by the /
respective letters of credence.

WITTB STANDS YOE PUBLICITY,

There was also some discussion about
giving to the press a brief statement of
what had taken place at the sessions of the
envoys. Mr. Witte suggested that this
practise be adopted and ultimately gained
his point, although Bar¢n Komura and Mr,
Takahira were at first disposed to object.

These comparatively minor matters out
of the way, Baron Komura explained that
the terms upon which Japan w be
willing to conclude a peace had re
duced to writing; and he was prepared
to present them.

He spoke in Japanese; and his re
were translated into French by Mr,
one of the Japanese secretaries.

Mr. Witte; responding for himself end
his colleague; Baron Rosen; used the Rus-
elan tongue, and Mr, Nebakoff served as
interpreter, repeating Mr, Witte’s remarks
int’ English, with which Baron Komura
and Mr. Takahira are more famillar than
with any other language except their
own.

Mr. Witte courteously expressed a will-
{ngness to yeceive the Japanes terms,
He said that he and Baron Rosen desired
time to examine them and suggested an
adjournment, promising to return an
answer as soon as possible.

Baron Komura suggested that the Jape-
nese peace conditions be discussed article
by artiole, but to this the Russian envpys
objected, saying they preferred to submit
@ general response in writing. ‘

The Japanese plenipotentiarles then
agreed to Mr. Witte’s request for an ad-
journment, with the understanding that the
next meeting should be held whenever the
Russian envoys were prepared to submit
their answer.

DI CONFERENCE GIX HOURS.

Although the seasion ended at noon it
was aix hours later before Mr. Witte, Baron
Rosen and their assistants left the navy
yard for the Hotel Wentworth.

Immediately after the adjournment Seo-
retary Korostovitz was sent off post haste
in an automobile to get the remaining
members of the Russian Mission, and he
made the six mile trip to the Hotel Went-
worth at a clipping rate. Here another
automobile was seoured and the two then
started off for the navy yard. Mr. Koros-
tovitz took with him Mr. Martens and
Prince Kodaschaff, delegates of the Foreign
Office; Gen. Emeloff, military adviser;
Mr. Chipoff of the Ministry of Finance,
Mr. Pokotiloff, the Russian Minister at
Pekin, and Mr. Rojestvensky, Secretary
of the Pekin Legation.

When Mr. Korostovitz had delivered
his passengers he was almost immudiately
sent off to the Wentworth again to get
some documents.

The two Russian envoys and those who
had been summoned from the Wentworth
made a careful examination of the terms

on
ei t

submitted. by the Japanese. -Baron Komura —-

had handed copies in both French and Eng-
lish to Mr. Witte and these were carefully
examined.
RUSSIANS KEENLY DISAPPOINTSD.

When the severity of the peace condi-
tions became known to the interested Rus-
sians there were many expressions of
disappointment and concern over their
drastic character. Without any delay
a synopsis of the Japanese note was made
and translated into the Russian cipher.
When completed the despatch was sent to
the Russian Foreign Office.

Mr. Witte, Baron Rosen and their subor-

dinates got back to the Wentworth about ‘

6:15 o’clock this evening and immediately
retired to their rooms. All of them were
very blue and disconsolate and declined
to enter {nto any discussion of the con-
ditions which Japan had proposed.

The representatives of two af the largest
banking bouses in Wall street appeared
at the hotel to-day and settled themselves.
Their presence excited much comment.
It is possible that their firms wanted to
keep in close touch with the trend of affairs
here for market purposes, but there has
been some talk that the matter of lans
to the two Governments might be at-the
bottom of their visit.

RUSSIANS ENVIOUS OF WITTE,

His Reoeption in America Exasperates
High Official Circies,=
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tau SUN.

Sr. PETERSBURG, Aug. 10.—The Russians
are puzzled and amused at the extraordinary
warmth of the Witte reception in America,
Witte throughout his life, they say, has
shown remarkable facility for winning a
great reputation abroad. His critica ine
sinuate that he has always played to the
gallery.

There is, they say, systematically a ten-
dency abroad to regard Witte as the greatest
of Russians. Curiously, this has had the
effect of making him rather suspected at
home. Russians never are given to hero
worship. Therefore the reported Ameri-
can feeling is incomprehensible. The critics
ask if Americans are s0 easily pleased by a
foreigner's smooth words of condescension,
If popularity can be won so easily in the
United States, they say, the American pre-
tensions of democracy are far from genuine.

The demeanor of the Japanese envoys,
which is represented to have given popular
offense by its coldness, is precisely what
in Russia would have won universal respect,

The American reception of Witte greatly
exasperates high official circles, where he
is intensely unpopular, and this is an effect
which will not be regretted in America, °

Nevertheless, one hears rather cone

temptuous allusions in St. Petersburg to
American gullibility.
t. Lonpon, Aug, 11.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Standard says that
Foreign Minister Lamsdorff, on the occasion
© his weekly reception, informed Mr, Meyer,
the American Ambassador, that the Czar
and himself were gratified by the warm
reception accorded Mr. Witte in the United
States. Whatever might be the result of
the conference the Emperor would always
regard the cordiality shown Mr. Witte as a
tokelt of the continued close relations be-
tween the two countries.

AN INFORMAL ARMISTICE.

Belligerents Reported to Have Accepted
‘ Peace as Certain to Come,
Special Cable Despaich to Tne SuN, ‘"™%
Lonpox, Aug. 10.-A news agenoy
despatch from Kochiaten, Manchuria, dated
Aug. 7, says that an unofficial armistice ,