VOL, LXXVII.—NO. 17.

LRPT ALL TO MRS. HARRIMAN

WILL OF THE LATE RAILROAD
MAN FILED AT GOSHEN.

 

 

 

No Inventery Filed and the Estimates of
the Eetate’s Value Bon From #230.-
000,000 Up to $100,000,000—Testa-
ment te Be Probated on Sept. 27.

Edward H. Harriman’s will leaves
everything to his widow. The document
is one of the briefest on record for a large
estate. Ite text, taking into account
all ite legal verbiage, is exactly ninety-
nine words long.

All the property, real and personal,
of évery kind and nature, is given to
“Mary W. Harriman to be hers absolutely
and forever.” Mrs. Harriman ‘6 named
as the sole exeoutriz. The will was dated
June 8, 1908. This is the text:

1, Edward H. Harriman, of Arden, in
the State o. New York, do make, publish
and declare this as and for my last will
and testament, that is to say:

I give, devise and bequeath all my prop-
erty, real and personal, of every kind and
nature to my wife, Mary W. Harrimen, to
be hers absolutely and forever, and I do
hereby nominate and appoint the said
* Mary W. Harriman to be executrix of this
will.

In witness whereof, I have hereunto
, vet my hand and seal this eighth day of June
| in the year nineteen hundred and threa.

‘ Epwarno H. HamRiMaAN. ([@BAL.)

Signed, sealed, published and declared
by the teatater, as and for his last will and
testament, in our presence, who at his
request and in his presence and in the pres-
eneé of each other have each of us here-
urte subscribed our Names as witnesses.

Cuarpies A. Peanopy. 13 Park avenue,
New York.

Cc. C. Teorvmorr, 201 East Seventeenth
etreet, Flatbush, L. 1. a

The will was offered for probate early
yesterday afternoon in Goshen, N. Y..,
the county seat of Orange county. No
inventory of the amount bequeathed was
filed with the document. . John B. Swezey,
surrogate of Orange county, said last
night that the will would be probated
on September 27, and that an inventory
of the estate would be submitted as a
preliminary to levying the State inheri-
tance tax.

None of Mr. Harriman's business asso-
ciates would attempt an estimate of the
value of the estate. Some of them said
that they didn’t believe that Mr. Harri-
man himself hed known. Charlies A.
Peabody, president of the Mutual Life
\ Company,
} Mr. Harriman's secretary,
/ were the witmeeses of the will. but

neither of them would give an idea of

heir estimate of Mr. Harriman's wealth.

Judge Robert 8S. Lovett, the new chair-

man of the executive committees of the

, Union Pacific and Southern Pacific rail-

f ways, and Mr. Harriman’s closest coun-

eellor, maintained the policy of absolute

tilence which he pursued throughout

~My. Harriman’s -iNiness: ~

“We Frank A. Vanderlip, president of the

National City Bank, said he didn’t know

much Mr. Harriman had beyond

th® fact that he was exceedingly wealthy.

He would not convert his ideas into
figures.

Wall Street variously estimates the
Harriman estate at from $50,000,000 to
#500,000,000. Qne of the bulletin services
announced that it had the very highest
authority for saying that Mr. Harriman's
property was w between $75,000,000
and $100,000,000. Others pointed to the
réport which Mr. Harriman submitted on
dune 30, 1998, to the Interstate Commerce
Commission in which he said that he
owned outright or held aa trustee railroad
securities approximating in their present
market value $192,000,000, and deduced
from that that his own personal holdings,

\ including his residences here and in
} Arden, his bank stooks and his industrial
} securities, wot)d reach the value of about
#5§,000,000,

A more authoritative statement, how-
ever, placed a much lower valuation on
the estate of Mr. Harriman.

“I think you will find,” said this au-
thority, “that Mr. Harriman’s property is
worth between 20,000,000 and $25,000,000."

Taking that conservative statement as
being near the truth, the amount of the
tax accruing to the State of New York,
figured at 1 per cent., the rate chargeable
against immediate inheritances, will be
between $200,000 and $250,000.

EXTREME SOCIALISTS BEATEN.

Congress Votts Down Resolution Refus-
tng te Cooperate With Liberals.
Apectal Cadle Despatch to TR Sur.

Bemian, Sept. 16—The revisioniste
among the Social Democrats won a
victory to-day in the of the
party how in session at Leipsic. ¢ The
circumstances were remarkable.

A series of numbered resolutions were
read yesterday and later they were
voted on by members only Among them
was a vi denunciation of the
German Liberals and a declaration that
it was impossible for the Socialists to
cooperate with them. This was carried
by a substantial majority. . |

Herr Singer, president of the congress, |
announced to-day that several delegates ,
had informed him that they had mistaken
the number of the resolution and had
voted contrary to their views. They
appealed for another vote. This was
sanctionéd and the result was that the |
resolution was defeated by a consi ble |

eer is much
mented u eralding the fina! tri-
umph of thé revisioniets.

The Tage'lett,. the most influential
in Berlin,
marks that socialism has broken—at |
any rate theoretically—-with its former |
intransigeant tactics. It is now for Lib-|
eraliam to draw the necessary inferences |
for its own attitude

DIRIGIBLE FLIES TO SEA. |

‘

 

 

llc CT LL LLL LLL LLL LL LL LL LL LLL LLL LLL

majority, The -
n as

 

Gets Back to Land in Sateey—teinetens
Mtatian Army Airship.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun,

BRACCIANO, Italy, Sept. 16.--An Italian
military airship made a remarkgble ascent
yesterday afternoon. It rem
two hours and thirty minutes anti main-
tained a epeed of thirty kilometers (about
pineteen miles) an hour.

The navigator ventured to go out over
the sea and eventually landed with
admirable precision in front of the ship's
shed

This is the firgt time that a dirigible
has made a crulse over the sea.

 

 

a

ee

SHANLEY'’S CORNER LEASED.

Twelve Story Oftice Rutiding for Fort)-
secend Street and Broadway.

The northeast corner of Broadway
and Forty-second street has been leased
by the Astor estate to the United Mer-
chants Realty and Improvemerit Com-

for twenty-one years at an aggre-
gate rental of nearly 81,500,000. The
lease contains the privilege of four re-
newals of twenty-one years each, which
ft is eaid the lessees will exercise, thereby
gaining control of one of New York's
most important corners for a period of
106 years.

The property has a frontage of 104.8
feet on Broadway and 112 feet on Forty-
second street, and is encumbered with
three buildings that might have been
considered modern

 

and a half city lots, will be razed just as

‘a will move to a site on the
of Broadway between Forty-

ONE GRAMME OF RADIUM.

Prodact ef 16 Menthe Werk at the Aus-
trian Gevernment's Mines.
Special Cadte, Despatch to Tus Scun.

Vrenna, Sept. 16.—The total output
for eighteen months of the Government's
radium mines at Joachimstha!—ten
grammes or about 155 grains—of radium
chloride, equivalent to one gramme or 15.5
grains of pure radium, has been sent to
the Ministry of Public Works.

It will be used for scientific purposes.
It is valued at several thousand dollars.

 

NEW FUEL FOR FIRE ENGINES,

Chief Croker Makes Tests of Gasolene and
Finds It a Geed Steam Maker.

A teat of gasolene as fuel for fire engines

*| was made yesterday under the super-

vision of Depwty Fire Commissioner
Whitney and Chief Croker.

For the purpose of this test a third size
engine was kept in action for more than
an hour dnd it waa found that the gasoiene
was much more satisfactory than coal
in making steam.

The engine was worked to its full
capacity of 600 gallons of water a minute.
The new fuel.genefated steam more
steadily than coal and the flow of water
was found to be more constant.

If gasolene is used for fuel lighter
weight engines will be practicable. The
decrease in weight would make it possi-
ble to answer alarms more quickly than
can be done at present. It is said too
that gasolene is a more economical fuel
than coal.

If the gasolene burning engine should
be adopted in this city it would be used
in the outlying districts and in the upper
part of Manhattan. Such engines have
been in use in other cities for some time.

It was said that the test made yester-
day was satisfactory and it is likely that
several gasolene burning engines will
be ordered. '

7,000 WOULD-BE POLE FINDERS.

British Antarctio Explorer Swamped
With Letters— Afraid of Peary.
Special Cadle Despotch to Tum Sun.

Lonpon, Sept. 1¢.—Capt. Scott, the
Antarctic explorer, doubts the accuracy
of a report circulated here that Com-
mander Peary intends to attempt to dis-
cover the south pole; but he is convinced
that if the Britiah expedition which he
will command does not start next year
other countries will take up the enter-
prise on the line of advance developed
by British pioneers.

The prospect of raising the $200,000
necessary for the expedition is good.
Thousands of letters of inquiry, many
enclosing checks, have reached the office
of the expedition, while interest and
rivalry awakened by Americen enter-

 

prise in discovering the north pole make|§$4/NT’S DAY PARADE

more acute the genera! willingness to
subscribe,
No fewer than 7,000 men and boys

fired with the desire to obtain polar glory! Recause Polloe Commissioner Baker
sare Sears y Ping Scott oom, Se refused to grant them a permit to parade
be allowed to join expedition. Jast night in honor of their patron saint | ¢- Sent te Summon Him Brings |
writes that although he is a foreigner |the Mount Virgin Society of the Church 1 ”
he will willingly become a naturalized | of (ur Lady of Peace, Carroll street and

Briton’ if Capt. Soott will engage him.

Many of Capt. Scott's former com- |in the Supreme Court, *asking Justice
pany want to rejoin him in his present | Maddox to grant them a peremptory

undertaking. Dr. Wileon, who was physi-
cian to the Discovery expedition, which
Capt. Scott commanded, has been
appointed doctor of the expedition now
preparing. 7

Lieut. Shackleton, the Antarctic ex-
plorer, assuming it is true that Peary
will attempt to reach the South Pole, says
he thinks it impossible for him to reach
winter quarters if he starts this year, in

which case he wil? presumably start at!

the same time as. Capt. Scott next year.

|*Then,” adds Lieut. Shack!eton, “it will! place last night.

be a race and it is up to the British to win,
The report that Peary will go to the
Antarctic has aroused the keenest in-

Te-| terest here. The newspapers print the | F. W. Vanderbilt Requests That the Value

report conspicuously, and recall Mr.
n'a communication on behalf of
Peary to the P:v. els congress last year.

£20,000 FOR PROHIBITION.

Campaign for Constitutional Amendment
Begun in Alabama.
Binminauam, Ala., Sept. 146.--Twenty
thousand dollars was raised at a ocon-
ference held here to-day of representa-
tives from all parte of the State to make

a campaign for a constitutional amend-

 

aloft | ment for prohibition in Alabama. Fred

M. Jackson of Birmingham was elected
chairman of the campaign committee.
About 2,000 speakers will go on the stump
between now and the election on Novem-
ber 29.

The anti-amendment followers will
have a larger sum with which to conduct

their campaign and a cnteee or more gar is Hanae

a ee

+ NEW

_| @ chemist. Not an hour before his death

 
     

na * ,
te

 

 

FRIDAY, SEPTE!

 

YORK, PTEMBER 17, ,1909.—covuriont, 1900, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.
NEPHEW OF FULTON A SUICIDE) "°°" "0" ciuizensurr. | ARTIST BARLE STEALS HOME

Federal Building Cerrider Swamped by
Mere Than 3,000 Applicants.

The United States naturalization
= bureau was swamped again yesterday |
Charles Moore,a Civil Engineer and Great- | with applications for first citizens’ papers. | yonroe Folks Had Heard That He Would

Nephew of the Inventor, Hed Been | More than 1,500 application forms were Not Return and Hoped It Was True

Suffering From the “Bearts’—He Was | issued. The applicants numbered more —Karle Shuts Himself Up in His Heme

a Passenger on New Clerment, “a 2,000. . and Refases to See Any Visitors.
© corridor near the bureau in the

Charles Kenneth Moore, grandnephew { Federal Building was at one time crowded MippLetown, Sept. 16.—It became
of Robert Fulton, builder of the steam-j _ 1), 1,000 struggling foreigners, making known to-day for the first time at Monroe
boat Clermont, killed himself last night it difficult to follew out any systematic that Ferdinand Pinney Earle, the affinity
by drinking cyanide of potassium in his of distribution of blanks. Many man who left there on August 15 to go
room at 307 Columbus avenue, where he to be turned awa: It is anticipated |®broad for an indefinite time, had ar-
lived with the family of Louis A. Johnson ¥- oes ideas (ebved taal b d had

*|that a still greater crowd will besiege | ™”' ome an: escaped a warm
weloome which the villagers had planned

the bureau to-day. .

An effort is being made to employ |*ould he ever again make his appear-
extra clerks, using for that purpose all anoe in Monroe. The people of Monroe,
fees collected in excess of $6,000 as the law | Who formerly took great pride in Artist
provides. ’ Earle, formed a dislike for him when he

put away his firet wife and three-year-old
eon in September, 1907.

When Earle returned to Monroe after
sending his wife and child to France
on that occasion he was mobbed by the
villagers, but escaped serious injury.
Then the first affinity, Miss Julia Kutt-
ner, appeared at the Earle home at Monroe
and a soandal efsued. The villagers
made life almost unbearable for Earle
and Miss Kuttner, and shortly afterward
they sailed for Europe together and were
married abroad in March, 1908. A month
later they returned to Monroe and Mrs.
Earle No. 2 gave birth to a child on July
31, 1008.

The people of the village made several
demonstrations showing their dislike
to Earle and his affinity ideas, but quieted

LEAVES NOTE TO CELEBRATION
COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN.

HE ESCAPES
PLANNED BY NEIGHBORS.

 

Moore had completed a letter to Herman
Ridder, chairman of the executive oom-
mittee of the Hudson-Fulton celebration,
asking what provisions had been made
for relatives of Robert Fulton during the
coming celebration and giving Mr. Ridder
information as to the descendants of
Robert Fulton.

Mr. Moore was a civil eugineer and up
to a year ago was in the employ of the
Pearson Construction Company on the
work of the Pennsylvania tunnel. While
working in the tunnel he was stricken
with the bends and was compelled to give
up all work. He was under contract
with the company, however, and his
salary went on.

Mr. Johnaon said last night that Mr.
Moore did not seem to be despondent. He
talked with him half an hour before
Moore was found unconscious in his room.
Jobneon and his wife got home about half
past 5 o'clock and Moore was then in the
sitting room writing the letter to Mr.
Ridder. He read extracta of the letter to
Johnson.

While Moore was reading to Johnson
Mrs. Johnson entered the room, and an-
nouncing that dinner was ready, asked
Mr. Moore if he would jointhem. Moore,
though he roomed in the house, took his
meals elsewhere. He replied that he did
not feel like eating and that after shaving
and taking a bath he was going to bed.

About half past 6 Johnson heard a noise
that sounded as though Moore was
strangling. He ran into the bedroom and
saw Moore clad in pajamas lying on the
bed. He spoke to him, and receiving no
response went to the side of the bed.
There was a small empty vial on the
floor. Johnson smelled it, and being a
chemist recognized the odor of cyanide
of potassium.

He ran for Dr. W. B. Holden, house
physician at the Hotel Walton, Columbus
avenue and Seventieth street, but when
the doctor got to the Johnson apart-
ment Moore was dead. There was no
note telling why he had killed himself,
only the sealed letter to Herman Ridder,
which was turned ever to Coroner Aocri-
telli, who refused to open it after John-
son had informed him of the probable
contents, ‘

Mr. Johnson said that Moore had suf-

fered greatly from the effects of the bends
and that at times he seemed much wor-
ried.
Moore was 51 yeirs old and a graduate
of Columbia University. He was mar-
ried, but his wife has lived for the laat
five years with her parents in Eagle Rock,
N. J. He had a son, James, who is em-
ployed in a brokerage house in Wall
street and lives in Englewood, N. J.

On the trial trip of the Clermont a few
days ago Mr. Moore was one of the pas-
sengers.

 

AIRSHIP FOULED LIVE WIRES.

Man Killed and Twe Knecked Senseicss
—Ship Barded in the Air.

Orrawa, Sept. 16.—Edward Keating
of Belleville, Ont., was instantly killed by
electricity and two other men were badly
hurt to-day while. attempting to rescue
the Nasér dirigible airship, which had
become entangled In the electric wires at
the Ottawa exhibition. The injured men
are Maloolm MacCampbell of Ottawa and
Carl BE. Wingerter of Wingerter, one of
Naasr's aesiatants.

Anthony Nassr of Toledo, Ohio, who
was operating the airship, was about to
make an ascent, when the framework of
the machine caught in the wires. The
ground being wet, when Keating and
others attempted to free the dirigible ® down. They had no sympathy for Mrs.
short circuit wae made, sending 2,200' Farie No. 2 when she had Earle arrested
volte through their bodies. The three for brutally assaulting her. This was
men fell over, apparently dead. ‘followed by a reconciliation. This was

Keating wae dead when he was pulled | not lasting, however, for early this year
out of the electrified area, but the two | Mrs. Earle No.2 an action for annul-
others were revived. Several men in the | ment of her marriage to Earle,
crowd showed gréai courage in reaquing he wasa bigamist. This case is awaiting
them. The airsbip was undamaged and | trial.

Nasar, not knowing of the tragedy. imme-| About the middle ef August last Earle
diately made a successful ascent. left Monroe and it was given out that

The day's troubles were not over, how-| he had gone abroad and would probably
ever, The airship alighted some distance | never return to Monroe, and the people
from the fair grounds, and to-night about | of the village hoped this was ao.

7 o'clock, when it was brought back to the; Shortly afterward it was reported that
grounds, it again came im contact with a/ Farle had acquired a new affinity in the
live wire. It caught fire, and getting away | person of Miss Gertrude Deull Dunn of
from those trying to control it it ascended | (hicago and had taken her to Paris. It
and was entirely destroyed. Ascending | was also asserted that on this trip with
into the air it made a spectacular display! his affinity Earle intended to visit hia
and at last it burst with a violent explo-| first wife and see his son. According
sion, No one was hurt, A blazing sec-/to reports from Parise he saw neither,
tion fell and set fire to a house, but the | and a fortnight ago Miss Duna returned
Ottawa brigade put the fire out with little to this country alone.
trouble Earle, without an affinity, quickly
followed Miss Dunn back to this coun-
MISS KING'S 81,000,000 ESTATE. \try. It is not known when he arrived
ae from abroad, but he made his appearance
Large Bequests to Religious Bodies and | 4+ Monroe at 5:38 o'clock Tuesday eve-
Now York Histerteal fectety. ning. No one knew he was expected ex-
Minzona, L. 1., Sept. 16.—The will of | cept the caretaker of his summer home,
Mary Se aa who ‘died at! who met him at the station with a car-
Great Neck on A 12, was filed here :
to-day for probate. The real estate is} On alighting Farle apparently expected
given as in excess of $100,000 and the per-| a warm reception, for he went to the oar-
sonal estate as in excess of $25,000. The} riage on a run and was driven out of the
actual value of the estate is said to be} village. He hag since remained in se-
more than $1,000,@0. clusion and the general public did not

The testatriz’s jewelry, pictures (ex-| know that he was home.
cept those left to the New York Historical te ’
Society), silver, furniture, &c., go to her TY , NE! JOSSRS.
owe cistans, Aliso Davia of 06 inet Thirty DUTY ON CHINESE .JOSSES.
ninth street, Manhattan, and Ellen King of | Tréasury Department Decides That They
ay eZ ee ee oe Are Net to Be Admitted Free.
ington other paintings are tothe Wasninaron, Sept. 10.--A Chinese
New York Historical Society. joas, used by Chinese in religious festi-

The testatrix agreed with her aunt,!\ois, is not entitled to admission free
Mre. Charles R. King of Pennsylvania. | 4 duty at ports of the United States
: : to purchase one-half of the collection of S\nder the terms of the new tariff law,
Opened an Old Wound and the Sncezer | hooks kaown as the Rufus King Library, | according to a decision handed down by

Went to a Hospital. the property of the late Charlies R. King, | james Ii. Reynolds, Assistant Secretary |

Frank Genole of 48 Union street, Brook-|she to buy one-half and Mrs. King the} or the Treasury in charge of customs.
lyn, returned on Wednesday night;from | other half. She asks in the Will that one- |The new law admits duty free church
Coney Island's Mardi Gras with his head | half of the collection be bought by the | regatia and gems, but the ruling of
full of sneezes. He lay in bed and| executors and given to the New York} secretary Reynolds limits the articles
sneezed and snéezed until early in the} Historical Society. so admitted to those worn on the

ing he ran into his father’s room, Property at oadway and Murray | or carried during the course of a

 

 

 

 

BAD MARDI GRAS SNEEZE

 

 

 

WARM WELCOME |

| Women looke f.

 

 

EVEN CHANCE FOR JOHNAON.

Geverner's Condition Duc th Part to
Weaknaews Peilowtug Operatten.
Momearoims, Minn. Sept. 16.—The
life of John A. Johnson, Governor of Min-
nesota, hangs in the balance at St. Mary's
Hospital, Rochester. Dr, W. J. Mayo
said that his distinguished patient's
chances for recovery were even Dr.

Mayo eaid:

“The Governor is better to-day than
we thought he would be last night. I
hope this condition will continue, but I
do not know.”

The Governor has taken no nourishment
since last Sunday arid will not be given
any for severe! This, with the
effects of the operation, increases his
weakness.

MORE WORK THAN APPLICANTS.
® —_—_—————
N EKmpleyment Ageney Vinds
fer 718 te Three Menths.
committee has
ite magazine, the
Surrey, which will appear on Saturday
& report covering the first three F

 

.

 

ational
Places
The

announced that ip

months :
work of the National Employment Ex- | it immensoly.

:

change will appear. The
written by (tto T. Bannard, president
of the New York Trust Company and
also president of the

In the report it is sta

tracted from the employers, but a re-
versal has ocourred since. “To-day,” the
report says, “it is difficult to fill orders
for men, and any able bodied laborers
can be placed readily. No registration

fee has heen exacted from any one at! in the Federal courts with respext to, thé
The exchange is located | issuance of the writ of injunction should

this office.”
at 11 State atreet.
-

TIGERS EAT NATURALISTS,

 

American and Swede Disappear ta Wilds | (or, delay, in which case

of Costa Rica.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Svs.

Kiwastow, Jamaica, Sept. 16.—Ad-| president declared that he believes
vices have been received here from Port | time ripe for the appointment of a com

Limon, Costa Rica, to the effect that
William Johns, an American natugalist,
and R, Gentruch, a Swede, have both
disappeared.

They are believed to have been killed
by tigers, tracké of which were found
near a hat and rifle belonging to one of
the lost men.

OTS OF MONEY IN THIS GAME.

Bey Prisener Taken in Crap Raid Had
98.000 in His Pocket.
Policeman Hughes raided a crap game
on the sidewalk in front of 85 New street
to the

 

is} In the epeech which the Preside

that work |three important announcements

has been obtained for 718 men who | one thing he said thet in the next
employment. At first labor was, of Congress he would recommend

so abundant that fees could not be ©x-| passage of legislation on the subject Of

|

 

 

HE PASSES BETWEEN 150,000
CHEERING. CHILDREN. ,

 

Talks on Laber Untens and the "
Delays and Promises te Fulfll te
Promteco of the Repobiican Nations!
Piatferm--Sees Giants Down Cala

Cmicaco, Sept. 6.—In weloominpg:
President Taft here to-day Chicago eet ¢
notable pace for the many other cities
included in his 13,000 mile trip around the

United States. They treated ae:
most impressive gathering of
children he has ever seen; they feasted
him twice; they laid before him in map:
form the “Beautiful Chicago” of :

future; they listened to
om labor unions and the
they greeted him as the guest of
at a big ball, and last but certainly ia
least, they let him see the Giants gta
their own dear Cubs to the tune of 2 to. |.
It was a great day for Taft and he enjoyed

fi

if

iz

delivered before a big audience tn OF
ohestra Hall to-night he made two.or,

 

national platform. That platform sare
“We believe that the rules of procedure.

be more accurately defined and that
injunction or temporary restraining ot
should be issued without notice
where irreparable injury would

hensaften ibould te oaenk? toe 4

In reference to the Inw’'s delays” ie

mittee by Congress to take up the qi
tion and report a system of ,
the Federal courts which shall
quick and cheap justice to litigants

yesterday
John street station. When John Connor, | largel

16 years obi, of 101 Nimety-sixth
street, was searched $8,000 was fourld in
his pockets.

In the Tombs court Connor told Magise-

trate Finn that he worked for W. A
MacDonald, a broker at $1. New street,
and that he was merely ea spectator, not
a participant in the game. Connor ex-
plained that he had been given the money
by Mr. MacDonald for deposit in the
National Reserve Bank.
_ “Yee,” said Finn, “you got into trouble
by loitering. This officer will go with you
to eee that you deposit the money and the
next time you come here you shall be
bastinadoed, and don’t forget it.”

Connor and two others were discharged.
Mike O'Grady, 18 years old, who lives in
Jersey City, was fined $8 for disorderly
conduct. Hughes said Mike was banking
the game.

AT THE PANKAURST MEETING.
476 Self -Supperters ef All Kinds Will Sit
on the Platform.

The Equality League of Self-Supporting
orward with some degree
of excitement to the arrival of Mrs. Pank-

 

 

enéezing, and held up a wrist that | street, Manhattan, is to go to the Domestic | service. The following articles have been | hurst, who is to be the principal

streamed blood.
Ambulance Surgeon Dukeshire took| Protestant Episcopal Church. If the | iting duty .f
his $0 the Lang bnand College Moapttal, | coclety amd the church décide to ool! the | Sug Monts tng cums ee
|where it was found that an old wound | property the proceeds are to gotoendow-| Alms basins, candlesticks, ocassockes
jhad been opened by the violence of the| ment funds for their benefit. for choirs, communion service, wooden
laneezing, Anesthetics relieved the| The King homestead at Great Neck is | orogses  cinctures and side rosaries,
sneezing while the wound was being | left to the two sisters for use during their | .overg for parchment rolls of Old Testa-
dressed, but Genole soon began to sneeze | lifetime, and if they do not wish to use it} ment, funeral palls, banners and sur-
again and for a time it looked as if it was | for a home it goes to the Domestic and plices. Among the articles upon which
going to be a hard matter to stop the | Foreign Missionary Society. duty must be paid are altars, pulpits,
oe The Church Charities Foundation of | contessionals, choir stalls, sacred images,
Ge is 23 years old. The wound|Long Island receives $10,000! the New | aitar oloths, altar vases, sanctuary lamps
that caused the trouble was received five | York Historical Society $10,000 a8 &| street walking coats for clergymen,
years ago. memorial, and the Cathedral of the In-/ jite sive wax figures of the Saviour,
carnation at Garden City $10,000. | Chinese josses, joas house fittings, marble
There is a long list of bequests to | pantiemal fonts, £0.
cousins and vestrymen and clergymen of |
Clergyman Joined in Preceedings That | the Protestant Episcopal Church. |
Kept 4 From Coming On.

 

BARRED.

 

 

CANFIELD WINS A_ SUIT.

| Gets Posscesion of Notes Given te
& Loss IN Selling Stecks Shert.
Richard Canfield of New York and
Back the News. | Saratoga won a suit yesterday he brought
When the curtain was ready to be rung | egainst the assignee of the defunct Stock
up last night for the second act of “Such Exchange firm of Mille Bros. & Co., whigh
a Little Queen,” at the Hackett Theatre, | failed in August, 1007, ae the result of
the call boy could not find Henry Lohman, | its transactions with Canfield; to recover
who played two of the minor rélos, A| three notes aggregating more than $20,000
search of the theatre was made, | arising out of a short sale made on his
ssh, However. a6 the matind | before Bu
yp , we, ca
jeuch celebrations and also an affidavit | A boy was sent around to 638 Eighth Seaman tated “a te a
|from the Rev. Fugene 8. Donnell of St.' avenue, where Lohman lived. His| Canfield to confirm a referee's report
| Francia Xavier's Church in which the! brother keeps @ confectionery store at! directing the assignee to turn over the
| priest nays that such parades are *n bur-| this number, and was asked if he knew | notes to him. Canfleld on August 2,
lesque on the spiritual side of religion.” | where Henry was. 1007, sold 10,000 shares of Reading short
Justice Maddox granted an alternative} “Henry died an hour ago,” replied the| through Mills Bros. & Co. That firm
writ returnable to-day. This did away|prother. “We forgot all about notifying | porrowed the stock from J. W. Henning
with the parade, as the celebration took | the theatre.” of the Stook Exchange. The price ¢c-
Lohman had an acute attack of peri-| clined and Henning didn’t make goud. |
| TAX ON THE Conagu tonitie shortly after the matinee, and! He failed, but the matter was adjusted
A) } y NQUEROR. | died soon afterward. by Menning giving the firm three notes,
Two stage hands played his parts last | seach for $6,798.48.
of Hits Yacht Be Appraised. night. Bubsequentiy Mills Bros. & Co. tailed
| Frederick W. Vanderbilt, owner of | AIIND COUPLE MUST WAIT. | eames Ae wagers eieene the
the steam yacht Conquerer, has written Samemeee a
to the Appraiser asking him to put a value| Ne Marraige License Without Consent of ,
on the yacht, apparently with the inten- the Girl's Parents. a ne Junie Guowien alan
tion of paying the 35 per cent. ad valorem! rank Buck, 25 years old, of 176 Stagg | that they must be surrendered.
duty and getting her under tho American | street, and Martha Johnson, who. said essere)
flag. She is ons of the finest of the foreign | ghe was 26 years old, of 116 Union avenue,
built yachts, also one of the oldest, having | both blind, applied yesterday morning
been launched in Bootland in 1980. at the Borough Hall in Brooklyn for a
Naturally her value has deteriorated license. Deputy City Clerk
in twenty years, and the Appraiser or | goulley was sceptical about the age given
fae vaahie ‘may ae nee the cost) by Miss Johnson, as she did not appear
= to be 20, and he told her that she '
value at a much lower figure than her| have to bring renta to the ‘oflos mee oF see

original cost. Her gross tonnage ia, before she cou a license,
366, which at $7 a ton would mean that| “They won't come down,” said Buck. ne Sate Core e Commision.

Mr. Vanderbilt would have to pay « tax| “They are to our parreg | Swi
The b went ™ ¢d. |
of 42,002 8 year. ted w otal that he consent et! (ne, name ot
aoa eee @ young womans parents Was neces-/ 11. world,
to build buggies

"Tick plano pla
peice penne ten me mewn and flying machines.

 

 

 

ACTOR DIES SUDDENLY.

 

Third avenue; Brooklyn, sought relief

writ of mandamus.

Corporation Counsel Bell submitted
affidavits from hospitals in, the vicinity beet
| opposing the noise usually attending | had

 

 

 

 

loas, which he finally agreed to do. ‘The

 

AEROPLANES FROM RICHMOND.

Steck Company Organized There to
Butid for “Markets of the Werld,”

Ricumonp, Va., Sept. 16.—Fiying ma-

é

 

|

&

Pe:

  
 

speaker
and Foreign Missionary Society and the! held to be regalia within the meaning | at the monster mase meeting at Carnegie

Hall which they are arranging for October
25.
Mrs. Harriot Stanton Biatch and her
corps of lieutenants are scouring the five

and professions as possi represen

among the 475 who will sit on the plat-
form. Doctors, nurses, lawyers, bank
clerks, stenographers, engineers, under-
takers, dreesmakers, cooks, eae
teachers, waleswomen, la .

actresses, singers, editers,ticket choppers,
bookkeepers, librarians, painters, pianiste,
violinists and preachers in addition to

| factory operatives in many lines of manu-

facture have alfeady spoken for the seats
of honor

 

MR. THIRY AGAIN A FATHER.

New Baby Is the Fifth Sinee His Marriage
at the Age of %6.

 

learn until yeeterday

a father on September 4 it is inferred that
J. H. Thiry, 87 years old, of Academy
street, Long Ieland City, is not of a boast-
ful disposition.

ago, when 16 years of age,
M O’Con-

       
  

,%,

 

ne, meh 2B

Di dele Eaede spies 9)

 

but accepted the President’s word
ould treat that. subject fully
trip.
Mr and

Chicago at 11:15 o'clock im the

his party arrived io

the to-do began immediately,
the Garfield Boulevard station he
by a reception committes
Commercial Club and several

“Are all these children yours?” ’
he, waving his hand toward hundreds
of upturned faces in the park below.

“Yes,” said the woman superintendent,
“and I am proud of it.” .

President Taft was ready to admit
before he reached his hotel that
Young had every reason in the world
to be proud. The President said he had
pever before seen such a demonstration.
For twelve miles his automobile carried
him between lines of cheering
girls. There were more than 150,000 6f
them in all. Each carried a little American
flag, and most of the girls wore bright
ribbons in their hair or had streamers

F

E

i
did

|