'

  
 
 
 

 

Sn eel NE
Cn eeenee

——

VOL, LYVIIL—NO, 74.

“MAXIMILIAN DIAMONDS.’*

ALLEGED SMUGGLERS WITH WHAT
1OOKS LIKE A GOLD BRICK,

Necklace With a Yellow 9&3-Carat Pendant
Offered #9 Part of the Mesicaa Crown
dewels to New York Jeweillers—The Two
Bextcans Who Had Them Clap ped Lato Jalil,

4 dtimond necklace and two diamond rings
onee belonged to the “Masiunilian
i were, as is alleged, smuggled into
\antry about a month ago over the Mexi-
at Laredo and since Oct, 17 the
two Mexicaas who are said to have brought
into the country without saying anything
» the customs offleers have been in
this city trying to dispose of the gems. They
wanted $4),000 for them and while going from

 

 

gald to ave

to«
ean border

 

 

one diamond dealer to another to get that
pr t attra ted the attention of F. R. F
Silva of tha Secret Service
Silva had been on the lookout for the dia-
mondsin this« hecause he had been Informed
thet the ad got through Laredo = Silva notie
fed the Custom House offloers yesterday morn-
ing ond Special Treasury Agent Willlam H
Pheovald went out with him to find the Mexi-
earns They found them, and the diamonds,
it Broadway and Seventeenth street early
{ aftert fhe Mexicans are Velino
MI Preza and Alejandro A Marcuci. They
were talking with Gen. Abelardo Mosoogo, a |
countryman of theirs, when arrésted. The

General belongs it

to do with the aleged smuggling

Preza is the older man of the two prisoners.
He cannot epeak a word of English. Marouci
appeared to be Preza’s servant. He was his

int anyway, and had nothing to@ay
except when acting as such. That Was before
Afterward Mareuci taiked for him-
y get out of the scrape

 

reter,

the arrest
* ind Semed willing ¢
he other man’s exe
za and Marecuci carne to this eity on Oct.
{7 and went to the Hotel America, Irving place
and. Fifteenth where registered
taeir right names. They assigned to

» same room for one night and the nest day
eft and went to Miss Whalen's at 2.4
Fourteenth street, wi lived up
liggage
hey took

 

atreet they

were

   

ti

Eas pre they
to the time Their or
soe amall leather satchel, and

 
 

f the arrest

we
that out with them every day, Misa Whalen
sad

One of the first places where they tried to

 

sei] the diamonds was the store of Mille & Cx
min in Madison avenue and Sixtieth street,
luey could do no business there and then
tried the Maiden lane district without success
To each
the historical value of the gems and as evidence
they showed a slip of paper in the bottom of
the case containing the necklace upon which
was written the followlug in English

Tur diamond necklece from Maasimilians crown;
the Emperor of Mexico, 1840,

The centre stone welghs 33,7 warate and the
e'g Oveen surrou o@ (tno lessthan ! Waraleaca

The diamond ring, the stone thereof was in Maxi-
Millan's ring she time that be was shot

The Mexicans had two rings, each of them
with a solitaire setting The stones of the neck-
lace were arranged with the og stone in the
middle and the small ones clustered about it

and al struns Opa ¢ Idehain

The jeweller'’s trade mara, Stamped on the
salin-loed case WRick comiaiaed the sinugge ed
Geis, Was;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
 

LA ESMERALDA,
4 Liry @# Cw.

‘acts.

to saul |
a

or 1 Rak
eet th
to do that
\@ the expert's
y after that that

~ @ vt
pinion
percentage. @
he Mex!
withou
was immedia
® arrested
pointed the men ant toTheobald and
ud called on Policeman Slosan of the
ay squad to ae him make the arrest
A wolocemap and the Federal officers a;-
, ehed the Mexicans Prera handed a pack-
a@s to Marenct, who put it in his pocket. The
J misoners taken to the West Thirtieth
street police station, whera Theobald got the
i sion of the sergeant to search them
he mngs and necklace were found in Mar-
©
f

      

ih

     
  
  

 

 

   

 

18 LT OSs@ssion
That's when the Interpreter began to talk
passed tae

‘ > bim and that he was not wuilpy,

lie two men were arraigned bet é

States Comumissle net Suelds, F ‘ti ourned

the case jor a week at the r

4! chee RCS
etaaice, o had not had
th bis cllents. Preaa’s bail

)and thé other man’s at $1,500

   

nself. He said that Preza ba

Atchison,

    
  

     

ime to ta
was fixed a

 

Both ot therm were taken to Ludlow street
Jali by United States Mai ] Menukel
he only statement that Prega would make

to Theobald resterday was that be Lad received
the diamonds in the City of Mexico from the
Woman to when he is engaged and
brought them t> this country to seil th

{ nated that Marouci would tell
when the time comes to save

    

imseif
The eapert opinion which Solomon Relais

would not give to the Mexicans without
Was to the effe tthart the big stone
lace was full of {awa and that ge
Collection was a price to be aug

Juan N. Navarro, the Mexican Consul-General
in this city, sabi last night that the attempe
to palm off the jewels asa part of the Maximilian
oollection 7 aheurd vie thought that it
as something new in the way of a geld brick
Baked In the fity of Mexico for the Sou Yors
Mien M f

mn. Moscoso formerly lived at the Hote
America, but left there six months ay
went to the Park View Hotel in West Forty.
Gecond street. He left the Pork View tlre.
onths ago. The clerk there said jast night
Saat the only address he had left was “5 Broad.
ay.

It may be safely doubted that this big, rel-
low, flawefilled diamond, or any of the smailer
diamonds found in the possession of the Mexi-
@ans ever belonged to the ill-fated Maximilian
e bbs Empress Carlotta’ What has come to

known as the Maximilian collection
@isted not alone of jewels, but of
and laces and tapestries aa wall
briceA-brac | vases and

ifva
in the neck-
00 for the
dat

  

con

ITi-A-brie
Some of the
ivories--are

 

owne! in this how and w+ a y
r orter f THe Siew last Ment ws
gat Part of the collection which did not

include Wie jewels was seid in
years ago Anday
country. The oe
of the larger es jiect

Paris severn|

 

 

ls of Carlotta were a part
notthe House of Hapsburg,

 

 

 

       
 

be head of is the Emperor of Austria
SO @xpert ir rr s stones, who could be
found last night, had ever heard that. any of
the Maximilian jewels bad been col 1 A per-

D who has some knowledge of the world’s
ewel collect: made the felje wing. state-
Ment Wasen reports ‘tevening -

“Lie Mast . Were ¢ rt of the
collection made thre se ' ithe nore

iries he the House
)

 

of Hapsbure. I have
jewels that were known ¢) 4
the property of Maxiniilia
ever sold antwlernw
Hapsbure jewels would he olin
oitofthe family. The h vise has

‘ard that any
ive bean once
or his wife were
. wh doubt i
\

   

eon et

   

 
      

‘ .f
for things like that ajlwars Het mere wi = {
ai) that, the Carlotta gems. rapt larlv ao
rubies and the diamonds, were known to have
been really germs : n

This large atone, jt je anid «off color. hav
ing a darided vellow cast) ‘What are known
AS the atraw-col: Haro de ‘ay. which
asy Oe ve n@ fa stones, ware
noe known in Maximilian's time Tha vs :
Miamo rds of hisday wore simpis poor diarsande
Remembering thia, 1 1 he a tt oat
taat these diamonds were pever 4 rt > cE
Maximilian collect a ae

Fram Clty te City
Frequentand <peedy service is offered to ail not
Wess via the Per sy vania Railroad ey ae

Piatt’s Chlorides, the Beet Distnt-ctant
for household uses Odor! ss. stainless, cheap. —Adr.

 

thia city and had nothing |

dealer they told the same etory about |

    
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
    

   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  

     
  
  
    
 

and |

tof it found ite way to this |

‘ver to pase |

--+——- —-

NEW Y

INDUSTRIAL CRISIS IN GERMANY,

Amectation Formed to Oppose the Agrarian
Tarif? Policy.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Bertin, Nov. 12.—Three hundred represent.
Atives of the industry, finance and commerce
of Germany met at the Kaiserhof yesterday and

| organized a temporary association of manu-
| facturers and financlers with theob)ect of main-
taining the present customs policy of the Gov-
ernment. Dr Siemans, director of the German
; bank, said they must combat the exaggerated

 

| claims of the Agrarians for prohibitive custome |

| duties. President Herz of the Berlin commers
cial community ard Adolph Woeirmann of the
Hamburg association spoke in a similar strain
Wastinoron, Nov. 12.—That a significant
and serious industrial crisis is pending in Ger-
many {s recognized throughout the Empire.
bo Consul-General Frank W. Mason of Berlin
writes to the State Department. While the
United States are enjoying unerampled pros-
perity, Germany is suffering from an unusual
depression. Hesiys

* Popular opinion asserts

here generally

that, while German syndicates have been
on the whole conservatively managed and
have rewsted to some extent the advance

of prices during the flush years of prosperity
they have not done this sufficientivy, but have
| yielded unduly to the fasecinations of large
| profits, with the result of attracung excessive
| capital to certain lines of manufacture and
| creating over-production, from which (he whole
country must sufler Just how far this ts true
i the main point in dispute, omy the future
ean save and maintain what they Lave done so
mnuch to ereate

“Aside from the local conditions which exist
in Germany, by far the most important and
minous element in the problem is the new
and enlareed r&le which has been assuined by
the United States asa source of coal and tnetale
[he first reports that American coal had found
a inarket in France and Italy, and had been
even fested successfully for mas-making pur-
| poses in London, were received here with in-
| credulity amounting to reaentment The fact
wae recalled that a trial shipment of American
anthracite to Berlin some years ago had proved
j siaty and inferior, and the reported dissatis-
favtion of a French railway company with ite
firet trial of American steam coal wae dilated
tren to show that Germany's already large
edverse trade balance with the | hited States
would never be still further increased by im-
porte of coal so that while dealers and certain
eo onsumers hailed the prospect of a new source
of supply from beyond the Atlantic, the genera!
fentiment of the press was distinctly hostile
and incredulous

|
|

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

RERNHARDT AND COQUELIN SAIL.

 

Profits of the Ceming Tour of This Country.
Spectal Cable Despateh to THR SUN
Parts, Nov. 12.-Mme. Sarah Bernhardt
and M. Coquelin, who are to make a tour of
the United States, started for New York to-day.
Prior to leaving Mme. Bernhardt said in an
| interview
| “This will probably be my farewell visit to
| the United States, It is a charming country,
| its people being so warm-hearted and amiable.
| On each of my succeeding trips the receipts
| have increased. This time M. Coquelin will
prove @ great attraction ~
|
|
|
\

|
|
|
| ene Talks of the Expenses ond Probable
|

Mme. Bernhardt took with her hundreds
of boxes containing dresses, shoes and hata,
She sara she expects to gain 1,000,000 france,
($200,000) but her expenses will be heavy, Mr.
Grau will spend 15,00 franes nightly before
the curtain rises, she says. He isto pay 1,000
francs a month toward her travelling ex
penses, and she will pay 500 france daily,
Sue took five attendants with her, tnoluding
a masseur, who, she sald, she was carrying
of to the deepair of her comrades, especially
Mme. Rejane.

 

VIGOROUS [FRENCH NAVAL PwAICY.

pan, ee and Sebmarine Boats Pre
ee at For In the 21901 Badget.
Special Carle Despaich to THR StN.
Nov. 12. —The report on the draft of
et for 1001 hae been distributed
of the aoe of Deputies.
increased credit of 15,130,208 francs
Pom naval «tper's to show the neces-
h ping the supply of battleships,
Yorpedo bout destrorers, torpedo
“@abmarine boats. It provides

mew ‘battlestips and eight submarine
ae min 19!
k insufictently

that France fs
a Pe ad
fed, @istant seas, proposes an in-
7 xX S Pumier of sailors, denounces
as by of naval ports, and urges
pletion of colonial porte
oO Suarez

  
 
  
  
 
 

  

 
   
   
     
        
   
   

 
 
     
  

Speial Cable, Deppatch
Nov. 12.—Phis was the
posi, Which wes vis!
ds of people, many of whom
puréhase some article at « bar
the general dismantling of the build!
weather was clear and brigh'

A large force of police was con
at the Exposition grounds, but thetr @ervices
Were not required, the crowd behaving im the
j Most orderly manner. The price of thekets
} fell a son each
| There is general regret that the Exposttion
| fs over. It opened on April 14
1
|
|
'

   
     
 

  
  

  

   
  

    
  

 
  

 

BULIER ARRIVES IN LONDON,

Public Enthastasticaliy Cheers the Man Who
Fought at the Tugela.

 

Special! Carle Desnaich to THE Sts
Loxspos, Nov 12- Gen Sir Redvers Buller
arrived at Waterloo station this morning

The General waa dressed {in and was
enthusiastically acx He took a car-
riage for Pall Mall to report at the War Office

muftl

haired

; Atlantic Transport Company Ramor Denied.
/ Special Cable Despaich to THR SUN,
Loxpox, Nov. 12 —The manager of the Ate
* Com: any declires that thereis
no foundation for the report of the consolida-
ton of that company wih the Leyland and
Jed Star Steamship line

  

American Women's London Soctety Lancheon, |

Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Lownon, Now. 12—The Sect-ty of American
Women of Londo. gave its first luncheon of the
season to-dir Overona hundred persons were
present, Most of the guess were theatrical

peopl

 

 

Parliament te Mert on Dec. 3.

Special Carle
Loxpos, Nov t2
| Dee 8 to consider th ted by the
pro ongats African war, but will
adjourn again betove Chr stinas

Despate’ to THY Sy
Parliament wil
Totes necesait

mof tha Sout

meet on

| Heavier Locomotives for Danish Rallways.
| Special Care
!
}
!
'

Hespatch to THe Sts
COPENHAGEN, Nov 12--The etate raliwaye
Will make iarge renewals of rel ing atock dur ng

the vear i901
motives

These wil) inelude heavier |

O°

Report of Lady Carzon's Uinew Denied.
Speeial Catle licepite® to THe Stew
Bompay, Nov. 12-1 » truth in the
report that Lady Curzon, ‘ormerly Miss Mary
Deiter of Chicago, is She is in perfect

|
| healt?
|

ere is

The Crar Was Infloenga,

“pecia’ Cable Desparen Te Stew
PETERSBIRG, Nov 12 ~The Czar has been
suferng trom influenza ce last Friday
Attick is of a mo lerate type, :

ST

No Excess Fare to St. 1 nts.

The New York Central's “St 1 .
; ats ouls Limited,” giv-
Ing imcantificer x .
| Pees . — wrvice Cla Lake Shore and ig

)RK. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER

 
 
      
   
 

The |

he

 

 

SO CONTEST IN KENTUCKY,

FIGHT

 

REPUBLICANS WILL NOT
BECKHAM'S ELECTION.

 

Groes Frauds Are Apparent, bet There Is No
Tribunal Where an Impartial Hearing
Could Re Expected—Congrese Centests
Likely—Statement by Campaign Committee.

LOUISVILLE, Ky, Nov. 12 ~The Republican
Campaign Committee has practically given up
| the fight, so far as the Gubernatorial race is
concerned, and announced to-day that the
election of Beckham would not be contested
because there was no tribunal where an {m-
partial hearing could be expected. The com-
mittes gave out the following statement:

"To the Public:

“In closing ite work the Republican State
VMaecutive Committee desires to make some
statement of the resulta of the recent election
and the conditions under which it was held

“That this election was held under the Goebel
law was not an accident but was a deliberate
purpose, decided upon by the controiling in-
fluences in the Goebel Democracy months
ago, and it was held under that election law
because they did not dare to go before the
people with any less power to defraud them
of their electoral rights than was given them
under that infamous measure

“That they were right in this view of the con-
dition of public opinion In the State of Ken-
tucky has been demonstrated by the resulte
of the election Just closed

“With the bold, wholesale frauds in Breathirt,
Greenup, Warren, Fayette and Logan; with
the refusal to count hundreds upon hundreds
of Republican ballots, where the intention of
the voter was evident, upon trivial objectiona,
grounds for whioh had, in nearly every instance,
| been prepared by the Goebel election officers
themselves or their confederates, with the
| decision of every Democratic challenged voter
| in favor of the Democrats and with the decision
| of every challenged Republican voter against
the Republicans, with following the provisions
| of the law. with Democratic officers of election
|

in the booth, in places with arme and badges
of deputy sheriffs. with an unfair review of
the bajlots by the County Commissioners in
many places and a@ secret session for the pure
pose of making an official count In others;
with precinots showlug Republican majorities
thrown out upon technicalities in seme coun.
ties, and Democratic precincts, where the
same irregularities existed, counted in other
ommusaioners have only
votes

counties, the Goebel ¢
been able to show a small plurality of
for Mr. Beckharn as Governor

“The aggregate of the specific frauds above
described would have elected John W. Yerkes
as Governor without considering the frauds
conuaitted under tle law this year
that bave been more artfully concealed and
which were far more extensive and systematic
than last year. The calculations of the Deno
ofatio managers as t) the amount of traud
necessary 'O secure the election on the face of
the returna were more nicely made, but enough
of the facts are apparent to any candid min
to establian the fhumillating admission that
the will of the people of this State has bee:
overthrown once imore by fraud. This «
mittee has uniformly declared agaliust objec-
tion being made to Deniovratic ballots by ite

Goebel

 

 

thie

representatives, aggregating over a
thousand, which hac een regularly c@at
and counted, but had failed t> comply

with the requirements of Bill 19. It has sought
to avail iteelf of nothing that would obstruct
a fair ballot and an honest count. It recog-
nizes the high standard of patriotism exhib-
ited by the Republicans in the State in the
ubordination of jealousy and rivalry, in the

13,

  

 

   

ace of the arent fant we were waging. and we |

 

Specks ¥ mumnend a3 an example to
thinking people of every party the magnificent
display of patriotiem which showed forth tn
the action of thousands of the Democrats in
the State who voted with us for hone<ty in
elections and for the preservation of our own
rights and those of future generations

‘The result of this election, when thought-
fully considered, is fig] of hope and without
discouragement. As lon@ as we can show
a substantial growth of strength in behail of
the great printiples for which we are contend.
ing we may look forward with abiding faith
in the power of the peaopleto govern thermec!ves,
In the contest which is just over there was no
large silent vote, which has to be figured upoa
for the furure, and there was no third ticket
with a large vote, whose future aetion must
be taken into consideration, but in an open,
facesto-face conflict, with a full expression of
the entire vote of the State, our plurality io
Kentucks ts established

“The fact that the mafority of the voters
of this State have awakened to the true cone
ditions that surround them and the only ren
edies that exist for the correction of the ey
we suffer from, and stand for the righr,
tifles us in calling upon those who wis}
purify the State by a non-parti-can
of the ballet and an elevation of the judiciary
Above partisan influence to prepare again

 

 

 

  

1S-

to

fight next vear
There will be no contest over the Guber-
natorial vote There is no tribunal to which
; We can appeal with any hope of an impartial
hearing tus not within the province of this
comnuttee to decide for the party or Congres-
| sional candidates what ia advisable with roe
| gard to contesta for the electoral vote or Con-
eresslonal seats
“For the Stat) Executive Committee, by
“LPSLTE MHS, Chairman.”
hera is no doubt that Moss, Pugh
ntest for their seats
and Tenth districts. Moss
Amus suit in the Cfronit
at Bowling Green to compel the ceoran)

  

  

|
Court
esion
to count the disputed ballots where the in-
tention of the voter was plain. The hearing
was @et for Nov, 20
The resit of this suit will decide who will
receive the certifeate. There are 4m dja-
puted ballots in Warran eounts alone and if
ted for Mosa wiil elect him by @ good ma-

eo

 

jority. It will be remembered that in the
elson county case last vear the commission
was compelled by mandamus to eount the

 

ballots fn which the intention of the voter was
plain

! -

| The Democrata threaten to contest the elec-

| tion of Tudge Orear to the Appellate bench

! if the Congressional conteete are Aled Orear's

| election makes the Court of Appeala Republi-

| ean
The official count is till Incomplete, Beck.
har has gained sehtivy and will probably

slow a majority of about 2,000 or 2,500,

USING AMFRICAN STERL BARS,

 

 

| Increasing Importation Threatens the Loeal
| Industry at Swansea,

| Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN,

| Swansra, Now 2p At a meeting to-day
!

|

|

ex-chairman of the trust, said that the in-
creasing importation of American steel bars
was seriously antagonistic to the interests
of the port as the trust would lose the large
revenue obtained from the importation of the
raw material nsed in making bars locally, and
the latter industry waa threatened with ex-

} tinetior

 

DON'T WANT TO INSURE KINGS,

Companies Not Anxious to Risk $2,000,000
on the Life of Alexander of Servia
Sreetal Camle Despatch to THE SUN

Virxnva, Nov. 12 Anewepaper here states
that King Alexander of Servia is trying to in-
eure his r10.c00,000 franes in several com-
printes company in Tre which he
applied for a polic.y of 1.500.000 france, refused
to write it on the ground of the growing fre-
queney of Anarchist crimes againet rulers
The company had te pay a poliey of 3,090,000
franes on the life of King Humbert of Italy,
and «ines hie a has refused to
‘ accept risks on the lives of monarcha

 

ifef

One te, to

 

saseination it

Father of Mra Humphry Ward Dead,

 

  

Srecia ale Despatch to THR SUNS
‘homas Arnold, Fellow
and Examiner in English Literature at the

Royal University of Ireland, is dead He
was born Novy 30, 1823, and was the father of
Mrs Hurnphry Ward, the novelist

'
| Dvaiixn, Nov. 12 —T}
|
Deerfoot Farm Sausages.
There Is nothing more appetizing and delightful

| fot a Winter's breakfast T
i gh, as ty @ two pound package.

Pretection |

and wage a still stronger and more successful |

right:

 

and |
rom the |
has)

of the Swansea Harbor Trust Sir John Jenkins, |

| affected, is

|
'
i

| intrins

 

We

Wty

 

1HE DEMANDS ON CHINA,

 

Final Agreement by the Ministers Reported
on Eleven Propositions,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Nov. 1%-—-To the various lists of
demands reported as agreed upon by the Minis-
ters for presentation to China the Trmea’s Pekin
correspondent adds another, which, he says,
subject to the approval of the various Govern-
ments, will be pressed as the basis of a pre-
liminary treaty. The demands named by the
correspondent are as follows:

First —The erection of a monument to Baron
von Ketteler on the site of his murder and the
sending of an Imperial Prince to Germany
to apologize to Emperor William for the as
Sassiniation of his representative.

Second—That eleven gulity Princes and
exalted personages be executed

Third—That provincial examinations be aus
pended for five years in places where outrages
have occurred.

Fourth—That in the future all ofiictals who
made no effort to prevent outrages on foreigners
within their jurisdiction be immediately re-
moved and punished. This ts @ modification
of Minister Conger's proposal,

Fifth--That indemnity be pald to States,
corporations and individuals.

Sizth—That the Tsung-'l-Yamen be abo! ished
anid its functions vested in a Forelen Minister.

Seveuth—That rational intercourse be per-
mitted with the Emperor as in clvilized coun-
tries

Eighth—That the Taku and other forts on the
coast be razed

Ninth -That the [mportation of armsand war
material be prohibited

Tenth -That permanent legation guards be
stationed in Pekin, and also that guards be
stationed along the communication between
Pekin and the sea

Eleventh - That [mperial proclamations eup-
pressing the Boxers be posted for two years
throughout the Emptre

Ihe correspondent adds that the demand
for indemnity includes compensation for the
Chinese who suffered through being employed
by forefaners, but not for native Christians,
the words missionary and Christiane not o®
curring in the note

CONVENTION OF WOMEN'S CIUBS,

New York State Federation, Representing
40,000 Women, Meets in Albany To-day.
ALBANY, Nov 12) Mra. William Tod Hel-

muth, President of the New York State Federa-

tion of Women's Clubs, accompanied the van-
guard of the delegates the sixth annual con-
vention of the federation, which opens here
te-merrow in a four dave’ Head-
quarters were established at the Hotel Ten

Eyck
Ihe convent:

Chamber in the Capitol

be devoted to art and science,

ture, housekeeping and child training, with
social affairs and bu ss interspersed. ‘Lhere
sixteen departme the programme

 

 

 

session

mn will be held inthe Assembly
Its deliberations will
law and litera.

 

sit

  

ts on

 

are

and each has devoted to it @ separate eet of
speakers

Tne New Century Club of Utica and the
Home Girls’ Chub of Rochester have of proe

 
 

action of the Board of Direce
exclud nea

iWainst the
General Federation in
red women These protests were

  

 

end of co

    
 

thrown out to-day by the Executive Board of the
State Federation which held a. three hy
aession this afternoon. This act

 

on the @round that a colored ¢
asked for admission into the ederation of this
State, and that it was not pertinent for the con-
verition which is to meet here to continue the
agitation of a question broughtup in the national
councus,

6 only réptésentafive of the

ender in Attendance at the cons

masculine
ntion eame

   
 
 

  

  

n his mother’s arins He is a few-mo 4

sonof Mrs W C. Goutinlock of Warsaw, a: -

ber of the retiring Executive Board Master

Gouinlock was presented with a silver por.
of the hoard

ringer by the member
To-ni@ht tt dub women
Jermain Hall.

atiended a mne-

     

TO ISSUE *REVERENDUM DOLLARS

Colorado Man Fupects to Circatate His Ounce
of Stiver Coins at @1 25.

Victor, Nov. 12 Tesher, A
Colorado pioneer and silver mine owner, has
procured a die, jaid in a supply of silver bullion
and has manufactured several silver coins,
each containing one ounce of pure allver. Hea
calla his coins “referendum dollars,” becanse
they are to be referred to the people for ac-
ceptance or rejection

Mr. Lesher proposes to demonstrate that the
value theory isa delusion and a snare
His silver at the present quotation ex

 

Col, Josep a

 

 

vats him

  

  

eeuts an ounee and the expense of coining |

) ceuts SO eentsin all, But he values hia |
dollars at $1.25 and expects to tasue them aa
@ich and keep ther above par

 

Aithough
ident that the silver alone ia saute
an ounce, he admits that other
i miy be prejudiced and, therefore,
1@ promisee to pay $125 in United States money

   
   

   

on demand for each referendum dollar,
The general fdea carried out by Mr Lesher
has heen suggested by Gov, Waite, and was

e entertainad by Senator Woleett, Senator
lier nasured Lesker that 8 long as he did
the lawful money
States he would meet with interferenca
from the Federal authorities In order to
aveid any sich entanglement Mr. Lesher makes
his dollars six-sided

MISS BOOTH'S ESCORT,

 
 

T
not imitate
no

 

 

He Was Newton Stachelberg, Not Her Brother,
Newton Booth,

Faith Booth, the actress, who was injured
in a carriage aceidant on Sunday night, was
removed yesterday from the Harlern Hospital,
where she was firet taken, and putin the alco.
holic ward of Bellevue Hospital
who was with her as one of her escorts mas-
querading under the name of Newton Booth,
ber brother, was Newton Baret Stachelberg,
son of the wealthy tobacconist Miss Booth
on the return drive from a dinner party at
Mctrowan's Pass Tavern, insisted 01 taking the
reins On the Bast Drive at 104th street, the
horses became unmanageable and the wornan
Was dracs from the seat of the runabout
Her Wound was at first thought to be serio
but she regained consciousness
evtering the Harlem Hoeapital
was ina state of aleoholic collapse

Newton Stachelbers fl@ured in the news.
papers laat spring when his relaticoes asserted
thathewastrsane He wasshutup ina Flush.

 

 

soon

 
    
    
   

ing te for three months and was released
by tt court He has been living at the Hotel
Cadillac since Aug 20, the time of his release

Miss Booth has alao lived there

RANK DEFALCATION DISCOVERED,

Member of a Nachville Firm Confesses Colla.
sion With a Bookkeeper,

Nasuvintr, Tenn, Nov 12 With the as-
signiment to-day of Conner and Brady, weil-
known wholesale grocers, a defaication, in
which the First National Bank of this city is
brought to light) The amount
involved is $66,000, but the bank officials will
jose nothing Wil Lee, the individual book.
keeper, a man of 4, whe had lived a ‘ife tn
Nashville apparentiy of exemplary habite,
left her: iast July The bank ofMcials became
aware of the peculations, and, from what can
be learned ¢ it, looked at once to Len’
bondsmen Was never brought back and
the affair was hushed up

The investigations were quietly continued
Brady has confessed that the defunet firm's
accounts furnished the way by which the in-
dividual th okkeeper defrauded the bank
Phe bank thinks Brady was the only member
of the firm criminally lable

 

    

  

 

Attachment for 860,000 Against Charies M.

Reed.

The Sheriff rece ved an attachment for @A0.n00
aginst) harles M. Reed, formerly proprietor of
the Hotel Victoria, at Broadway ond Twenty-
seventh street, in favor Of the Morton Trust
‘ orameas v The a'tachment was served on Mr
Reed and also on Mr. Pric’, the President of the
Amer.can Hotel Vietor a Company

No Expense Is Sparced

To make the service via the Pennsylvania Limt
wnequalied —Ade. - ue

 

of the United |

| yesterday morning.

The man | afternoon that Chief Croker had merely blamed

4, |
J alter |
Yesterday she

 

  

STATE'S PAPERS STOLEN,

 

HOW VAY WICK'S ANSWER TO ICE
TRUST (HARi?S WAS PROCURED,

A Former Employee of the I xecutive Chamber
Hae Been in the Business «f Sciling Secret
Docements and He Is to Be Crimioal'y
Prosecuted—The Governor to Make a State-
ment To-day on the Yau Wyck Case.

ALBANY, Nov. 12.--Criminal prosecution of a
former employee in the Executive Chamber is
to follow the publication In a New York city
newspaper last week of the answer of Mayor
Van Wyok to the charges against him filed
with Gov. Roosevelt in connection with the Ice
Trust scandal, as well as the publication of
Attorney-General Davies's report to the Gov-
ernor commenting thereon
or more the contents of Gov. Roosevelt's pri-
vate and official papers have found their way

 

: fo ity daily |
into the news columns of a New York city daily | onsly

newspaper. In the Executive Department it
was, of course, feared that there wag A leak
among the attachés of the office. Who the man
was could not be conjectured, although efforts
were made to discover the source from which
the information came by placing on file in the
Executive Chamber fake official documents by
Secretary Youngs.

Among the documents which have been
published through this subterranean source
were Gov. Roosevell's private letter to some
friend refusing to interfere in the Martha Place
murder case, and the Andrews report on the
examination of the loans of the New York
Trust Company It is known that an offer
was tnade to sel! the report of Commissioner
Wileox on the charges preferred to the Gov-
ernor against District Attorney Asa Bird Gar-
diner of New York county, but this report
waa released two hours before the oer of bar-
ter was nade Then came the publication of
the story that a defeiency existed in the main-
tenance fund of the Fvecutive Denartment

After this employee had established a busi-
ness with the newspaper upon @ financial basis,
he suceeeded in working off upon it some fake
stories. All of these thngs were printed 49
local stories by the New York papers in order
to divert suspicion from its Albany subsidized
agent. ‘The only story that could be traced
to the discharged employee was (hat regarding
the deficiency in the maintenance appropria-e
tion. He had been so neglectful in his work
that no clemeney could be shown him and he
was discharged forthwith. Besides purloin-
ing the contents of documents in the Executive
Chamber it had been discovered that the per-
son suspected of work had robbed the
State of over $100 through fulse vouchers

The Governor and Mra Poosevelt reac led
Albany early to-night and proceeded at once
to the Executive Mansion
nothing to say for publication further than that
to-morrow he will make public a statement re-
wt charges
nderstood

this

 

earding the disposition of the loe Tr
against Mayor Van Week. It is
that Gov. Roosevel: takes the posit
by Attorney-General Daviesin his report theres
whit the

  
  
  
 

on that the news
charges has nog ce Lpon
which action of yor Van
Week's removal fr rrow the

Governor will fix @ s¢ Within which
this newspaper must prodtice such evidence,

and kf It is not fortheoming from this or some

other source the charges against Mayor Van
Wek will bF dismissed
To-night the Governor consulted with the

AttorneyveGieneral rewarding the = criminal
prosecution of the person suspected of be-
traving the Governor's confidence in various

oMeial matters, and If was decided that steps
should be taken to punish the offender to the
full extent of the law

It ia expected that
of the Supreme Court
a deciston on the motion made for delay only
in the proceedings instituted by Attormer-
General Davies to annul the charter of the Ice
Trust. Thisis the proceeding which the Gover-
bor and the Attorney-General are determined
to push aa the only way in which success-
fully to curb the trust

the Appellate Division
will soon hand down

ODELL LUNCHES WITH ROOSEVELT,

State Committee Called to Meet on Nov. 37
to Elect a New Chairman,

Gov. Roosevelt, Vice-President-elect, came
up from Ovester Bay yesterday and before
leaving for Albany gave a lunch at the Union
league Cinb. His questa were: Governor-
elect Odell, Seth Low, George 1. Rives, Paul
Dana, Brander Matthews, Arthur Von Briesen,
George P. Bishop, Nicholas Murray Butler,
Dr. Albert Shaw and Jacob A. Riis. There
was only desultory conversation on political
subjects. Crovernor-elect Odell returned to
Newburgh last @vening

Secretary Reuben L.. Fox of the Renubliean
State Committee issued a call last night for
& meeting of the committees to be held at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel on Nov. 17 at 12 o'clock to
elect a snoeessor to Mr. Odell as chairman of
the committee It is) already known that
Col George W. Dunn of Binghamton is to euc-
ceed Mr. Odell

 

 

 

DOVERY IN REPLY TO CROKER,

The Police Chief Says His Men Were Not
Asleep When Fire Was Discorcred,
Chief Devery was not much pleased with
Fire Chief Croker's criticism of the behavior
of the police at the flre at 48and 50 Walker street
He intimated vesterday

 

the police for slowness In discovering the fire
because the fire had got be) ond the flremen’s

control.

“I said at the time, and I repeat It,” Croker
sald yesterday, “that had the policeman on
that post been attending to his business that
fire wonld have been reported much sooner
When mr men errived thera the fire was so
far advanced that the flames reached almost
actoss the street to the other buildings. The
truth is, the policemen down there at that
bour don't even pretend to patrol their posts

“He probably thinks that the police area little
sla k, and he takes this chance to touch ‘om
up a bit,” said Devery. “If the pon * were
slow in ringing an alarm, then {t Is also true
that two private watchmen on that block were
slow, too 1 have made a partial investigation
and | ehall make a full one, but from what
Ca Hogan tells me 1 don't believe that the
polwmen were really clow. That building
was full of cotton-batting, and when the tire
once got started it simply ewept like a flash
aul over the part where the eotton was stored

“The policemen down in that part of
town know that they have got to keep their
eves open or they will miss catching a burglar
whose he U would amount to something or
that reason they've got to be especialy careful
about trving doors Now, the offleer on duty
in that block had just got on his post when

  

 

 

1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION,

 

 

| VALE DOLAN SHOT BY WIS BROINER,

 

| A Serious Accident Whie Ther Were Out |

i
|

| Widener-Dolan-Elkins

After Ducks on Chesapeake lay.
PHILADELHIA, Novo i2-—Robert Tolan', a
well-known society man of thacty, brought
te news to this city to-night ‘hat HM Yule
Dolan, the son of Thotaas Dolai of the
Sireet cor ayndecate,

» had been accidently #! ot and seriouste injured

| to shoot at it his

| that he bad been h.t
For the past year |

by his brother Clarence, while thy were hunt-
ing to-day, ina marsh onthe Chesapeake Buy,
close to Harve de Grace, Md

The two brothers had separated and both
were shooting behind binds Claccnee wasthe
first to starta bird, and ashe whirled around
brother cane into range.
Owing to the blond Yal+ Donlan was not
in eia@ht of his brother, and Citrence
did not know of hia presence until! Yaleahouted
Then Clirence rinover
to him and found that aome of the shot had hit
his brother {nthe breastand had pas ed c'ose

| to the heart.

It was seen at once that Mr Dolan was seri-
injured and every care was given to

| him until physicians, who were hastily sum-

moned, arrived) They ordered thatMr Dolan
be carred to Havre de Grace aa
as posible, A vehcle was obtained
and he was ramoved toa hotel There the

physicians madea closer examination of the

quicdiv

wounds and finally said that wile Mr
Dolan was seriously injurei the wounds
were not necessarily mortal They ad-
vised against removing Mr. Dolan to

his Philadelphia home, as they thought tha’ the
strain of traveil ng would be tee muoif rhim

Mr. Dolan had been in the shooting grounds
since last May He is an enthusiast ¢ sports-
manand!{- known asone of the best plaeon
shote in the country

BLOWS UP HIS SONsIN@LAW'S HOUSE,

 

Ao Insane Chemist Loses His Life in Tring
to Destroy His Famiir.

Iraaca, N Y, Nov. 12- The little village of
McLean, near Ithaca, was horrified this morning
by an attempt at wholesale murder at the
Trapp farm. The atten pt was made by an
insane chemist and dentist, Levi Gleason.
The intended victins were Cijieason, his wife,
Frank Trapp, his son-in-law Mre Trapp, William
Trapp, baby Bessie Trapp and Mrs Bassett,
@ daughter of Gleason.and her son of Dundes
None of these was lujured, but Gleason Jost
his life. He blew up the farmhouse with @
high-power explosive.

At 1.80 this morning there was an explosion
that Was heard in this city, thirteen miles away

| The explosion practically wrecked the farm-
| honse, but fortunately none of the occupants

The Governor had |

jonadvanced |

| reqiest

the fre occurred, and of course he was just |

trying his doors He hadn't had any time to
get into any place to sieep ”

SUICIDE OF A MANUFACTURER,

 

 

Hesecia Left Home for Charch aad Killed
Himself in His Office.

Anthony Hessels, 67 years old. atruse manu-
facturer, committed suicide some time between
Sunday rmorning and Monday m oreing op his
office at 1274 Broadway by inhaling iliuminat-
ing ais Hessels left bs noms on Sunday morn-
ing to go tochurch. His family beca: e anxious
when hedductreturn rarly vy. sterday morn-
ing his son wenttohis oflceanteoul i netger
The police forced the door and ‘oundthe
old mans tting, decd, ina chair by the gas ra-
dator with toe gas turned on He had re-
moved the tube frow the radiator, ; assed it
through one of the buttonholes of his wai-tooat
and eripped the ond between his teeth He was
fuliv dressed = His hat lay ov the floor
said that he had been worrying lat ly ever ousi-
ners roatters
2183 Broadway

 

Hessels lived with hia family at |

was injured. Everything moveable in the
house was destroyed, and the doors of the barn
were blown off. Gleason's body was found
about a rod fromm the rear of the house. The
corpse was badly mangled

For seme time Gleason had imagined that
he had a grievance against bis son-in-law
and the other inembers of bis family, and he

had evidently carefully planned their destruc-
tion

 

GARDINER CALLS M'CULLAGH MEN,

Will Now Investigate the Dives—No Special
Grand Jury.
After conferring with Foreman Joho P.

Faure of the Grand Jury and Deputy At-
terney-Gieneral Hedges, Recorder Goff has

decided that a special Grand Jury will
hot be asseuibled to try election cases In-
stead, two days each week will be set aside

for the considerafion of the cases from the At-
térnev-General’s office Thursday is to be one
of these days. The other has not yet been an-
honw.oed ¢

About 100 McCullagh deputies were on hand
Yesterday totestify before the Grand Jury It
was said that they were to tell what they knew
about the violations of the excise and building
laws which had come under their notice while
they were investigating colonization before
election It was aa said that many of the
Cases ey would dte concerned the places
which will be named by Hishop Potter in his
metnorial to the Mayor,and that Tammany office.
holders and the police hope to declare, when
that memorial comes out, that action has already
been taken against the resorts against which
the vice crusade is aimed.

—

WARNING AGAINST DOG
Health Department Says That Dogs in the City
Are Saffering From Rabies.

Commissioner John Bo Cosby of the Board
of Health made the following statement yes-
terdar

‘The Department of Healt!
the attention of physicians and ethers to
occurrence of a number of cases of rabies
among dows throughout the city, and wonld

that wherever Fer some are bitten by
stran@e dows of stray dows Mey immediately
consult a physician and have their wounds
cauterized, and if then there is any question
as to the existence of raties in the animal
communicate at once with the Department
of Health.”

Ir Cosby said that th ad lately eome
to the notice of the department several in-

 

BITES,

 

desires to call

+
e

stances In which people bitten by dogs had
neglected to have the wounds cauterized
He sald that on Saturday at was bitten
by a fox hound which, when examined, was
found to have rabies This dow, Ter Coshy
said, had bitten several other dogs if what

he had heard was true

CALIS MUNICIPAL

ASSFURIY ASSRS,
Chlef Fagineer Probasco Saye It's a “home to
Hold Up Vernon Avenue Kridge Bonds.

Samuel R_ Probasen, the chief engineer of
the Department of Bridges, sent a letter to
Bridge Commissioner pro

Shea vesterday

testing sawgainst the continued hold-up of the
bonds for the Vernon Avenue Hridge by the
Municipal Assembly) Mr Prohaseo says

“I only wish to call attention to this matter
because of the conditions that exist at thar
point) The travel is enormous, both by teams
and passengers, and it seems a most outrage
thing thar the administration is unable on ac-
count of the asinine interference of the
cipal Assembly to go on with this ereat 7
limprovernent, but it seems asifl we are ent
helpless in the matter on a of the ar
of the Municipal Assembl

SKELETON ON THE PALISADES,

 

   
   

There Wasa Raltlet Hole tn the Skall anda
Rasty Revolver Woe Found Nearby.
ExGLeEwoop, No 4, Nov. 12 —The skeleto
of a map, who had evidently committed sui-
cide, was found on Saturday on the Palisades

near the home of George S Coe by a bor wi
was hunting There was a bullet hole in t!

 

   

ekull The clething had been almost entirely
dectroved by the weather Nearby was a
rusty revolver, two chambers of which had

been discharged The skeleton was removed
to Fort Lae

On the following dav a_emall pocket mirror
bearing the card of a biercle concern was picked

 
 
 

   

up near where the skeleton wae found Wil-
liam O Allison, Mayor of the Boroueh of Engle-
wood Cf, found yesterday “ar the same

spot a silver half dollar of 1490 which, it is be-
lieved, came ont of the man's pocket

REID'S CHIEF LIFUTENANT REATEN,

His Rost in the Newfoundland Elections Is
Now Complete.
St. Jonx's, N. F, Nev. 12.--Mr Morine,

“\ par’ Reid’a solicttor. and the lead-r of his
Politier! rty. met defeat in Bonavista dia-

trct to-day He had been a rrember from
Bonavista for neai_ twenty vears. This aome
petesthe route f Raid {fe has elecret but

four members, while Premier Bond has twenty-
one up to date :

Four Boys at a Birth.

Lextncton, Ky., Nov 12) Mrs. Russell
Christopher, ng-d 16, cave tirth to four boys
last nizht at her homein thacounty,
from Irvine The childron vere perfectiy
formed ai d weighed from five to seven pounds

| ac
It was | ‘ach

Latest Marine Intelligence.

Arrived Sa Kong Frode, Capt Gunderson, Cape
Gractos, Oct 25.

Woodeock's Wiud Pills eure wind, indigestion aaé
@omach troubea 3b0 Crepe as ios Boop 8 ¥.

Ne

Smiles |

itr»

Fair to-day and to-morrow;
fresh west winds.

-_————
a)

PRICE TWO CENTS.

RICH MAN'S SON ARRESTED,

DENNISTON BELL CHARGED WITH
SETTING FIRES IN NEWPORT,

Son of Dr. Christopher M, Bell, Whe Gives a
Bond of $5,000-Ihe Family at Newpers
~The Yoang Man a College Graduate and
Law Stedent—Selt-ved to Have a Fire Marts

Newrok?, ROT, Now. 12.—Denniston M
Bell, the son of Dr. Christopher M. Bell, a New
York and Newport millionaire, way taken t»
the polioe station te -pight and for three hours
Was closeted with the Chief of Police and Police
Conunlasiouers At ® o'clock he left the police
station and the poll suid that the young man
had been arrested for setting fire to the batun ¢
pavillion at Spouting Keck Beach last night
When arraigned he pleaded not guilty and,
Walving examination, he was bound over t)
the Grand Jury, which meets in January. Bo
was fixed af 85,00), which was furnished hh
his father The young moar
used in connection with fires just week, but th -

 

 

 

 

= name has bes

police have nothing to say on that score

 

  

 

The arrest of young Beil has bee oe |
for all day. in fact people wonde
on Saturday last why t! we ] not ques.
tioned him about the the might before
When the stable belong to the Ma roney
estate Was burned The wlarm was sent
by Bell, and me owl wore first to nrris

ay ne fre could be seer Phis made pecs
suspicious A couple of hours late os
Was afire again and burned the ground

For some thie Bell has been pr inen
flres, answering al! alarms and assisting in too
reraoval of furnishings, making i! we
erally useful Ple seems to have hada fire mani:

The fire at
It is seid
police that

hut

the Beach was certainly ticendiar
that young Rell

he was iinplicated in both flre

will not confirm this The

will ¢ that he admitted anythin
and request that as little be said as is possi
There were a number of persons at the incos
none will The tire above
Fidridge Villa is not supposed fo be ineenacir,
but Bell was a very active worker there

Hon. WP SheMleid, Jr. has been secured a
counsel forthe young man, He waataken toand
from the Police Headquarters in a closed cab
and wae pot sulsected te
cell, the chief's parlor being placed at hia dis.
posal Bell is mnanty looking and very popular
with the voung set. He is about 25 vears old, ia
4 college mraduate and has been reading law
He took an active part in the local
politeal campalan and waa secretary of the
Republican City Convention,

He lives with his father on Bellevue avenue,
near Batley's Beach, and this season of the year
the place is deserted at night time It ix well
that geome action was taken in the matter, as the
watchmen and residents in the neighborhood
had armed themselves and were determined to
make it hot for anyone they saw prowling about

Dr, Chrietopher M. Reli's hove at 920 Fifth
avenue is closed. Dr. Bell i¢ a member of the
Metropolitan Club, the American Fine Arts So-
ciety and the American Museum of Natural
History.

TO CHECK PARTY REORGANIZATION,

confessed to the

the police

oroeven sav

wation, bi talk

confinement ina

of late

 

 

Towne, Pettigrew and Other Beyaaites Center
at St. Paal,

65r. Parr, Minn.,.Nov. 12 —Charles A. Towne,
once Populist nominee for Vice-President,
United States Senator Pettigrew and a number
of other Bryanites met for a conference here
to-day on the best means to retain the silver
following and defeat the reorganization of the
Dermocratic party on Ines antagonistic to them
It was said by one of the participants that
Bryan was aware of the object of this pro-
liminary conference.

Both Towne and Pettigrew seem especialiv
anxious to prevent the Democrats from getting
together now and a conclusion was reached to
seek the aid of the present Democratio State
Committees to frustrate any movement that
may be made in this direction until the Bryan
forces can get their second wind and outline a

“Thave such a plan,” said Senator Pettigrew,
“and will submititatour next conference ”

The members of the conference will issue a
eular to State Committees advising ther)
to resiat all temptations that may he offered
by reconstructed Democracy Their talk in-
dicates that Popniism will find a very sin
place in their consideration

PHILADELPHIA BOY MISSING,

 

He Left Home for Schorl and D4 Not Retern
~Mother Fears Kidnapping.
PHInaperpria, Nov 12 --Amos Shallcross

aged 12 vears, has disappeared from his hore

 

ic) Keystone avenue, Wissinoming, an |
hia mother thinks that he has been ki

napped Amos is a son of the late Lewis V
Shalleross, whose estate, valued at about
$ye0000, is to be divided between his widow
and their six ehildrer The missing be
has a twin brother kaeh child will reeaive
4 legacy of about $190.000 Tris nearlva mont

since Arnos disappeared, Mre Soalleross not

notifying the police before on account of the
publicity attached fo sich a step

The boy k ther and left for echoo!
about Sovely rning, Oct. 11
The weather 4

sed his me
k on Thutday:
carrying his luneh and books
the titne was warm for the season and he was
thinty dressed and, as far as is Known, did
not have any money in his pesession Since
that ¢ > he has net beer en, except br a
says that he saw

 
   

 

plawmate, Walter Muss, who
Amos a fow days after he disapneared He
says that the boy told teu that he had

voluntarcy absented himself from home and
did not intend to return
Member of the boy's family have cearche™

the citv for him for a mont fis mother
evoresse. the opinion that seme one has eue
ee ted in gaining control of her boy and Is

icing him for @ ransom

DAVIS SLOCEEDS GERRI,

New Head ferthe Society fr the Prevention
of Croeity to Children,

Vernon M Davis has accepted the presidency

of the Sooety for the Prevention of Cruelry

to Children, which Elbridge T Gerry resigned

' | last week, and he will assume the duties of that

office on Jan 1) Mr. Gerry will continue to

act as counsel for the societr

Mr Davis said yesterday that he could see
no reason for changing the present potiey of
(he somety's management, because that polices
had always been efficient

‘The cid confiiet with the State Board of
Charities is a thing of the past.” Mr Dawi«
added “Under the decision of the eourts,
the society is now a regular part «f the nuw-
chinery of the criminal courte = It was prot.
ably the experience of twelve vears that IT had
in work of a_similar sort when in the [istrict
Attorney's office that led to my being chosen
as Mr Gerry's successor My duties will be
in the line of inv business, and I <hall pot have
fo give UP mY private practice on account
them.”

 
   

 

GUY DE YAUTLUS DIFS IN A CAR,

He Was Fdward Lanterbach's Secretary a lew
Years Age A ining Envgineerr

Guy De Yaulus, who or iword

ce was Edw lan

torbach’'s secretary, died o rt diwpass ina
Broadway cabie car about @ clo k bist
night tie had hee ining with hus
father ii a restaurat ) Welt hig ,
streetand was@ie hore to 268 West For.
eth street wih dis father, when be became

| andboardedacara Twent -eeriistret |
died immn datew aferwad

|

De Yaulus wos @ rin
way He wart o met
diy to turn «ver t
Canadian mining et

When tn Doubt
Grint Evane’ Ale or Stout. Idea! brewtry.— Ade

  
 
 
 

eer eimecr ate Prosd
ports fini cl re toe
hem [Oem oh sofa
ny be 8 as IDterested