i
j

6.
ey.

ie

AERA gee

NO eee ae ree A Cet + RO - |

 

OEE re et ee

 

|

eS

HENRY VILLARD IS DEAD.

 

NOTED FINANCIER AND RAILROAD
MAN SUCCUMBS TO APOPLEXY.

Could Not Speak Engiish When He Came to
This Coaniry, bat Soon Mastered It and Ee-
came « Famons War Correspondent—His

Hri ant Carcer in the Financial World.

Henry V! "urd, the railroad magnate and
financier, .ed at bis summer residence, Har-
wood Park, near Dobbs Ferry, shortly alter
midnight yesterday Mr Vulard has not been
in good health: al) summer and last month
when he wanted to return to this city his physl-
clan abeolutely forbade {t, unt] he became
stronger. For eome tane Mr. Villard had
suffered from cancer of the throat.

ago he got a severe cold and took to his bed |

Last Tuesday he had a stroke of apoplery and olfo and fro

consciousness. All of the)

never regained

members of bis family were with him when
hedied. His wife, Mrs. Fenny Garson Villard,
daughter of Wiliam Lieyd Gaerrieon, the abo-
littoniet, was with him all through his last
illness, and when he died hts pons, Oswald
Garrison and Harold QOarrieon Villard, the
latter's wife and Mrs. William Licyd Garrison
of Boston and his daughter, Mra James W.
Bell, of Dresden, were at his bedeide, The
only near relative who was not present wae
Mr. VWard's sister. Mre. Emma von Xylander,
wife of an offlcer tn the Bavarian army, It
was tmpossble to inform her of the fatal turn
{n Mr. Villard’s (ness tn time for ber to reéch
this country before hie death. There will be
funeral services at Harwood Park at § o'clock
to-morrow afternoon, They will be conducted
by the Rev. Theodore C. Wiliams of Tarrytown,
and the interment will be tn the family plot
in the Sleepy Hollow Cemetery.

Alenry \illard’s career as a railroad man
and a financier was marked by the blind con-
fidence which those who were interested with
him in the great properties he built up and
controlled had in his direction of their inter-
esta. In the life of no one of the wreat f oan-
clera who have risen as the country developed,

asked his friends to subscribe $8,000,000 for
the carrying out of a project which his own

brain had conceived, and which, at that time |

he had tnade known to no one, It was the big-
gest “blind pool” that men of wealth had ever
been asked to put their money in, and the
amacing part of {t was that had the amount
asked for been twice as creat, it would have
been just as success! ul, Twenty-four
hours after Mr. Villard asked for the money
{t had been subscribed twice over. It was an
exhibition of confidence unparalleled at wat
tine and nothing to equal ft has ocourred in the
world of finance eiuce. With this vast amount
of money pledged to him Mr. Villard let out to
the subscribers just an inkling of the schene
hie buay brain had deviced, which was the ao-
qulring of controlink tnterests in the Northern
Pacitic Railroad and the Oregon Katlway and
Navigation Company, and the constructing of
a system of branch lines, subsidiary to the main
trunk Hines. He followed this disclosure with
a se00nd request for a subscription of $12,000,000,
which was pald in at once,and Mr. Villard began
the work, which was so evoceesful up to 1888,
when the general depression and the constant
attacks on his securities had their effect and he
retired an almost ruined man. ”

The story of Henry Villard’s life is the story
of a poor Bavarian boy, who came to this
country, ignorant of the language, but who
managed in a few years to master it sufficientiv
to write well tn it and to bring himeelf to the
attention of men whoee friendship aided him
wreatly in his struggle for fame and fortune.
Once he embarked on the sea of finance his
career was meteorto, and although his two
failures, both while at the head of the Great
Northern Pactfle system, reduced the mighty
fortunes he had acoumulated to almost noth-
fig, he had the pluck to start over again, so
that he died a very wealthy man

Henry Villard’s fe before his general recog-
nition as a financier of great ability was in-

teresting, but has been lost sight of in his
career @s railroad man and organizer of
projects of great magnitude In the frat
lace hig name was not oe He was born
Heinrich Hilgard, in Speyer, Rhenish Bavaria,
on Apri ili, 1885 His family Wasa well-known
Bavarian one and dated back to Johann ji.
eurd, a land owner, who died in 1620 For
eeveral generations the family Wes repre-
seuted by pastors of the Keformed Chureh

t Defenee of the

Gne of these in 1792 wrote @
Revealed Christian Relixton.” against the
natural religion of the French Revolution

Another, Jacob Hilgard, forfeited his place
at Bacharach in consequence of his aympaths
with the revolution t a still later period
Jacob’s 60n_ Fritz ost his office of
ober bdrwermetster of Speyer through royal
disfavor Two of his sone folned their
uncle Theodar in the migration to Helleville,
lil, in 1885. The eldest son, (iustey, remained
& home tn the judicial service of the Kavarian

overnment He Unally becaine Judge of
the Supreme Court, at Munich, and his son,
Heinrich, was the Henry Viliara who in later
years Was so conspicuous a figure in the greet
can Hnanclal world = In 1840 Heiortel: Hilgard
was attending the gymmasium at Zveilbrichen
when the outbreak of the
eased his father to send him
Phalaboure, Lorrasag. Later he returned to
Speyer, remaining there until 1844, when

  

 

 

   

he

 

  

 

——

; of the Co

 

control of the three avenues of approach, the
sea and the Columbia and Willamette River
valleys, Asa result of this trip, and the ob-
servations and negotiations mace by Mr. Vil-
lard, the bondholders whom he represented
took over tle property of the Oregon and Call-
fornia Railroad Company and the Oregon
Rreamsidp Company hese « were cOf-
Sum mBaged ia i875 and Mr. vicard Qecamne Presi-
dant or tie Gorm panies

Mr’ Villard hid already been elected a inem-
her of a Frankfort comnmittese representin
the bondholders of the Kansas Pacifle Ratlroa
Company, also in default and unable 10 exe-
cute a scheme to whieh it had aasented for
funding the Interest In is76 the road usked
that Mr. Villard be made receiver end, aa the
Frankfort bondholders assented, he Was ab-
pointed in conpection with Carls 8 Greeley
of St) Lous, who representedt the railroad
company There was frictic from the first
aod the bitter feeling was hewhtened when
the Kansas Pacific direstorsentored inio ap allie
@nce with the Union Pacific Railroad Coin-
pany, then controlled by Jay Gould, Mr,
§ uld soon became muster of the Kansas Pa-
that tirne on Ut was, war between

d and Mr. Villard) Mr. Villard success~
ully withstood Gould until the courts removed
oth receivers. At that tine, though, Mr,
Villard bad brought the bonds of the railroad
wp from 40 toe above par
he rise of a rival line in Oregon alarmed

Che foraign mortwage creditors of the Oregon
teamebip Company aud thoy urwed M {\-
ard to hé@lp them sell out

  
   

Tilly he effected

hrough @ eyudicateo’ histrienda, and,
aving accom Ke this, | e turned Nia at-
Qn eastern olliet for the State.

Ana to undertaking railroad con-

@truction the val of the Columbia, he
purohased the stook of the Oregon Steam Navi-
gallon Company, of which tue Northarn Pa-
{fle at one time held a controlling share.
ir, Villard had an agreement with the Union
actfie to anetes him th this enterprise, but was
t to ry {it out alone. In June, 1870, Mr,
tl 4 tac ated the Oregor Railway and
avigation Company, of which he became the
arent The guecees of this venture was
t “8. Five new steamshipa were
for the ocean service between Portland
and Ban Franctaso, and the railroad was con-
6tructed alone the south bank of the Columbia
to Wallula, the westernmost potnt on the North-
ern Pacific Kallroad
Re Northern Pactfe threatened to paralel
Mr, Vilard'’s new road, along the north bank
inbla, and in order to prevent this

   
 
  

Mr Villard entered into friendly relatlons with

}
|
|

|
|

|

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
!

revolution |
to senhool at |

broke off his university studies and declared
his intenthen of wolng to the United States to
join tha fant tour at Belleville. fle was |
nn only son and hts father’s opposition to tie
etep was fir 1 was with the determination
hot to bring tseredit on his own name, in case
of fillure in the new world, that he borrowed
the Kklidred aprelation of a French sehool-

mate at Phoiishouce and bacame Aenry Villard

 

With littie ul his indoudtable courage he
ynade his way te this country and overland to
Rellevitie = Ittook | ima year to get there, and

it Was a year fill of the most trving axperlences
for him, largely beeguse of his ignorance of
the language = At Beilevil 1 The ¢
tions in German to a lo newspeper Phen
he began reading law ile moved to Peoria
and then to Chicago, where he
ju German for a number of newspapers 14,4
knowledge of English tneregeed eo rapidly that
in 1858 hé wns reporting in Enwlish the Line
Douglas Cebace Inet seine year he i

to Indianapolis where he worked as @ Legisiat ve
reporter In 1858 the Cincinnati Commerrs

Kent litn to _Colorade to write up the newly
discovered Pike's Peak golcelc He vis-
ited thern with Horace Greeley and Aivert |)

 

 

  

Richardson and his letters from there were
considered intere:ting enough fo publiel in
book form later on

The year after thet Mr Villard attended
ae a reporter the Chicago convention which
nominated Abraham Lincoln for the Vresi-

dene As a reporter forte New York Nercld
and other nev spapers he made a tour of tiw

 
     

West aur ng campalar {in 18Al eae
Kast from r fleld, Tl, th Mr. Lineeln
He went to Washington, where ke esto blinhed
himself as a correspondent for a numier of

Ea tern nd Western newspepere dle lad
built up Valuable nequaintanece and counted
among hile friends alincet ll of the putlie me

of the time. When he took the field .

      
 

   

 

  

   

 

 

 

 

 

ntribue |

| The Adjutant-General and 1 Company of the

Wrote articles |

|

|

Teapondent af the peel
he wae weleornesd of j
witnessed the tret defen a |
at Ball Ron, reported Nie
palgns, an’! by @ series of eood fortunes mane
a te get to Washingt« the first wuthe
news of Burnside's Gi-ater Prederteks
hure He war the ont rrespondent in Dy.
pont'e aftack en Charleaton in April Lney
whi orad the flagsiip New Tronefdes
Contain, sfferward Roeer Admiral, ( t o
Rovers, who commanded the New Tronstles. |
eald to Mr, Villurd) sfterward "|
wn personal ign and inhes -

ing devoten in the eyerose of vour ore |
feesional dutv won for von the respect and eo.
fidence of us al

Mr. Vitlard accompanied Grant inthe W 7 |
Ness Campanian and that was hi “tow |
rag eorresnondent during? ety \\ MW
Hiorace White and Adan "i tod a
news brurea:r in Washinagr Mr. White tree
CAMs NAN acing ej t ¢ ” ( , |
in 1485 and Mr. Villard took the placerat onutacn
QvrTe@s'» m ant? ! t} , Ir “IWi thie \
Jror's To thune sent ' ' Eutope
report the war Lee Prussia and Austria
The wor wis ove e a ther aT
wet to Perla, where } ed 1 .
corrasmondent through the ex: is
In the rr atime he hoa married Faun ‘
only deuastiter of \W ar Lievd Ga
They ware marriad in Heston dn 164 fet baat
Mr. Villard started for Burore, i '
to this aorutey in teas he went to} ’ Aa
hea "798 CORMAN Sac ret yr o he hee i
Amerioan Soelal S fenoe Aeenotiat on,
! {a} this moet Trg 2 7 Wines
where mod ’ hampered ete

l* waa nt hfe noint in! foe ¢ the ne
a reer Henry Villard opened HH ‘
heen Intrusted with the neewotiatior n Futon
of certain Amertean secures and 4
was Net inte close re ni ; ae
barb Frankfort and Por 1 Z
of 1892, leading te American ratiroud tem
ripte and neeanent dela ki. wee en
of Interest on nds held in Germans 1+
Mr Villard’® seleetion he ¢ uw ni
holders ae their representative inthis ¢ ners
and in April 4, he returned to the U pited
States in bh!

Ss new capactty He wen etre
to Oregon and there mace observations
pointed ont in hte mind a war to profit bi

 

0 ] , arry ern nt
{a there an incident to equal Wat one when he | ee Sloe ne

It He offered to enough monet on the
Northern Pacifle’s first mortgage bonds to
enable it to comple t@ ite main line, which -then
Jacked aomething lke a thousend miles, but the
he succecded tn effecting

 

 

reement by whieh the Northern

was a traffic a
Pactte availed itself of the Oregon Ratiwar
id Navigation Line until such time ag ttepould

bulid one of fta own Meanwhile Mr. Villard
learned that tue Northern Paci lo was preparing
to reallee the necessary amount on its bonds,
Independently, and he resolved to antlelpate
this action. [lls plan waa the foundation of the
Oregonand Traracontinental, Nich as already
etated, contemplated the acquisition of cop-
trolling | saraets in both the Northern Pant
and the Sregon Hallway and Navigation oom-
Panies t was after buytirg Privately on hls
own acoount from December, 1880, until Feb-

that he Invited subscriptions to

iary, 1881,
| i Pincus $8,000,000 bl nd pool
1

t was in September, 1#81, that Mr, Villard
obtained recognition in the Board of Direc
tors of the Northern Pacific and was elected
ita President. The completion of the Northern
Pacifico was then pushed vigorously and the
work fulshed in 1883. To celebrate the com-
pletion of the work My Villard arranged 6s
exourmion to the northwest to witness the
driving of the golden spike which finished the

reat undertaking. This excursion is sald to
fav & cost between $100,000 and $200,000, Amon
the guests were Germans, Englishmen an
Americans of distinction and the event was made
the occasion of trlumphal festiviues. This
great work completed, Mr. Villard looked for-
ward to a rapid influg of settlers, and enormous
expansion of industry and commerce. | But
@ period of depression came and it found the
companies directed by Mr. Villard involved
in outlays, bevond the engineers’ timates
for the most diMeult portions of the Northero
Pacific extension. Mr. Villard strove in vain
to maintain his companies, and his friends
said that be poured almost his entife private
fortune into tue gap. Despite this, when the
crash came, he was bitterly reproached, His
health broke down and be Analy went abroad
takinearesidencein Germany

While in Gerroany he formed new financtal
relations. He repaired his fortunes, and re-
turned to the United States with much of hie
old prestige aaa capitalist, He became great-
ly interested in electricity, and aided and en-
couraged Edison in the experiments which

t

 

   

 

  

resulted in the incandescent light. In 1800
he purchased from Edison his electrieal manu
facturing interests and organized the E tison

 

General Electric Conpany, of whica he was
President for two years, It had been Mr
Villard’s intention to hold aloof from railroad

      

 

;mareed to

management; bat tu October, 1980, just before |

lus electrical purchases, he yielded to the per-
tunsions of Pia old associates and tLecaine
chairman of the Northern Pacifi: vard of
Directors. Then came the commercial panic
of 1843 and a falling off in immigrants, on the
transportation of whom the road lergely de-
pended for ite profits The Northern Pacific
wos agoin dragged down, and again Mr. Vii
lard went down with it -

After this second Northern Pacifle crash Mr.
Villard retired to a quieter Il’e, although always
active. Be made many trips to Europe and
in the eummer of 1899 he paid a farewell visit
to the Pacitic Coast. He went up into the Klon-
die end from there wrote a series of letters
which were afterward published in a pamphiet.
Muen of Mr. Villard’s time has been epent at
Harwood Park in the past few vears. Tlere he
had a handsome villa of stone and brick, sur-
rounded by a large veranda and in a eplendid
park. Mr, Villard was a generous giver out
of his @reat weaith, Hewasanmiunificeent donor
to rhe Oregon and Wasidogton State univer.
sities, to the Museum of Natural Histery and
to the Metropolitan Museum of art In the
Jatter is the Villard collection from the rulne of
Aneon and Sareo in Perg wich hea enrca in 1804.
In Germany he built a hospital and training
sohool at Speyer and an orphan asylum at
Zwolbricken. Ale gave endowments to the
industrial museun at Kaisersiautern,to the Red
C rose Tloanttal at Munich andto the Children's
Hospital in Berlin. Mr. Villard epept thous-
ends inthis wey andin the foundin of acholar-
ehins, Mr. Villard @ot a controling interest
fy the Evening Postand the Nation in the early
tue and niaced at the head, with explicit @uar-
antees of editorial independence of himself,
FE. f.. Godkin, Carl Schurz and Horace White,
Some vears ago the Evening Post became the
property of Mre. Villard.

Mr. Villard ie eaid to have written a volume
of reminiscences and to have efven fostructions
for thetr publi n twenty-f've years after
his death and not a day before.

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

TEXAS FACTIONS QUIET DOWN,

State Militia Stepped In.

Arsttx, Tex. Nov. 12.--Ad{utant-General
Thomas Scurry returned to-day from Anderson,
‘Tex, where he was called to suppress a threat-
ened batt'e between two opposing political
faetions of Grimes county. Sherif Garr Scott,
who is alleged to have been the principal cauge
of the trouble, was escorted out of the county by
Adjutant-General Seurry and a company of
State militii, and {t fe thought that there will
be no further bloodshed. The White Man‘s

fon, which was formed for the purpose of
preventing negro domination tn county poll-
thal affaire, fs now in control of the situation,
Sherif Scott brought the wrath of the members
White Man's Union upon himself by
ktandine up for the rights of the negroes Hoa
was painfully. wounded in the fleht which
eceurred last Wednesday, in which three were
}illed Tle lias promised never to return to
Grimes county

 

 

Tiffany & Co.

Invitations for Weddings,
Receptions and other
Social Functions.

Tiffany & Co.’s equipment
for steel and copperplate en-
graving and printing is now
at the height of its e'fectiveness,
Their facilities and working
power have never been under
more favorable cond tions than
at present.

Orders for invitations to
weddings, receptions, dinners.
teas, cic., will receive prompt
attention,

UNION SQUARE
NEW YORK

-

THE SUN, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1900.

 

 

DEATH OF MARCUS DALY.

GREAT COPPER MINE OWNER DIES
OF BRIGHAT'S DISEASE.

 

 

He Bad Been Ill for Sime Months and Was

Abroad for His Health, but Retarned tn a |
Critical Condi.fon — The Body Will Be |

Taken to Montana for Hertal--liis (areer.

Marcus Daly, perhaps the most picturesque
of the “copper kings” of this country, died
after a Jong illness at the Hotel Netherland
afew minutes after 7 o'clock yesterday morn-
ing. At his bedside when the millionaire
passed away were Mrs. Daly, the three
daughters, Misses Mary, Madge and Har-
rivt Daly, the only son, Marcus Daly, Jr.,
4 brother, Patrick Daly, and Misa Daly, a sister.
Hesides these there were the Rev. Father
Lavelle, rector of the Cathedral; Drs. George
F. Shrady and Dillon Brown and William
Scalion of Butte, Mr. Daly’s attorney.

It had been known for several weeks that Mr.
Daly could not recover, but his wonderful
constitution enabled him to hold out against
the {nevitable much longer than even Dr.
Brown, the attending phyelcian, and Dr
Bhrady the consulting physician, believed was
possible. The cause of the illness, which he-
came eertous about a year ago and which
ended {n death yesterday, was Bright's dis-
ease and dilation qf the heart. While more
or less of an tnvalid during the spring and
summer of 1800, he was able to attend to hie
business.

In September of that year, thinking that
he might gain permanent relief through travel
and treatment abroad, Mr. Daly and
his family went to Europe The
change worked immediate {mprovement and,
after spending the fall and winter in England,
Ireland and on the Continent, he decided to

come home and go to work again. fe had
filnesees in London and Paris in the opuly
spring, but from these he recovered and he
sailed for the (nited States on April & Bo
well Was hie at that time that, just before ealling
be telegraphed to his private secretary, Mr.
Lalor, to Yave his private car in readinesé to
take him to Montana on thearrival of the steam-
tr here The steamer h been out hardly
wenty-four hours before Mr. Daly was taken
1], and when he arrived here he was scarcely
ble to walk from the ship to hia carriage,
je was driven to the Netherland, Instead of
to his ear, and was put to bed, stricken with
bis pom iinese
About three weeks ago the phyetciaps saw
that it was not possible for Mr Daly to get
well and they inforned his fanily. The he-
inning of the end came on Saturday, when
fe a sinking syell of longer duration than
any that had preceded {t. Fromm this he rallied,
however, and almost immediately afterward
nt for his tuer and closest friend, James
hi Hagein he two talked together for aome
time and Mr. Daly told Mr sagesn that {t would
be their last talk, ag he felt that Le would not
be able to keep up the fight much longer, Fol-
wing this, he aed into unconsciousness
rom this stupor he rallied at times during
Sunday, but not for long karly yesterday
morning a change for the worse was notl
and Ir Shrady and Father Lavelle were surn-
moned Dr Shrady said that there was no
hope and the priest administered tie last rites
of the church A few moments after 7 o'clock
he died
The body was removed yesterday from the
hotel to the Daly residence, 527 Fifth avenue,
ust south of Fifty-seventh atreet After a
wief service there the funeral will be held
at St patricks Cathedral on Thursday morn-
ine The burial will be in Montara
Tt waa announced by Mr. Daly's gecretary
last night hat the funeral services on Thureday
would not begin untd] almost 12 o"clook on
gcoount of the De La Salle ceremonies in the
Cathedral
Mr
the fight against W A Clark will be continued
despite Mr Daly’ death
In the latter part of Cctober the engagement
of Miss Madge Dale, Mr Daly's second daughter,
to H. Carrol Brown, a son of George Brown
of Balttmore, was announced Young Mr
Brown is a member of the Maryland Clib o
Palttmore, the Fidridge Fox Hunt Club and the
Rachelors’ Cotillion Club, of which he 19 @ gov-
root
. Marcus Daly was a native of Ireland, and he
waa proud of his birthplace. Born
Jamesduff, County Cavan, near County Meath,
{n 1848. he came to this country when he was
between & ond? sears old) He frequently re-
his friends that the onls
fortune with which nature and hls parente emp.
Hed him were gritand good health, He lived
n Brooklyn for a few sears after he came
to this country and whe emplo: ed as errand
bor in a manvfacturing establishment there
Imtbued with a spirit of adventure and
a desire to test the opportunities afforded
in an underelored countre young Daly
went fo Celifornia fn the eeriy "508,
lie had no sooner aet foot in California than
he bought a miner's kit, spending for it about
all the moner he had left and atryck for the
minea. He didn't know then 4 @old vein from
a ledge of sandstone, but he had a pair of atrong
arms and he knew how to usea piek and shovel.
He gota fob at the first mining camp he atruck.
He didn't make much moner, but he didn't
complain. e worked on and @gatned ex-
perience, which was what he wanted fust then
more than money It was not lon@ before he
knew all there was to know at the time about
the actual work of mining, and he had alen
acquired some abflity as a proapector. inally
he started ont an hie own hook, prosnectina
wherever ha thought he micht find gold. He
never struck anything very rieh, but In the
courae of a few years he had @ained the re.
putation of being ope of the best indeas of
mining propertias in California and Utah
He had aleo made valuable acouatntances
Dale went to Montana from Utah in 7989. Fle
Ja@win. Lio d Tewle nnd
George Hoaret of California, In whose mining
achenies he had aamall working (ntareet fis
principale controlled the Anaconda ronrer
mines, and Mr. Daly rut hie heart into the de-
velopment of those rropertio?. Ale constant)
{increased hie interests, which within twenty
years were eetimated to he worth at lenet eon -
10,00 The Anaconda with its mines in Butte,
{te erceltere at) Anaconda, ite eawrnilie in the
weetorn part of Montana and its coal in the
eastern and wetter: portions of thet Btate
becarne the largest eronio: er of labor inthe State,
giving almost continicus employment to ehent
100 nersone Mr Daly possessed axtraoridi-
nare e#bility as an organiver. Fe had a vere
positive disposition and was ngerestive and
relentiesainearrcing ont hie plane
Mr. Daly aleays exer iced 9 etrong Infuence
orer men, and he was able to get 9 grent deal of
work ontofthem. Inrecent years, as President
of the Amalgamated Coprer Company, he hed
the knack and good fortune of eurronndine
himeelf with a corpe of strong and faithful
lieutenants, @Qhoexertad themaelres to ascertain
his wishes and carry themout
Mueh has. been publiched relative to the
antagoniam between Marcus Daly and hia fel-
low copper king. William A. Clark, whone elec.
tion to the United States Senate from Mon-
tana, and subsequent rejection on charges
of bribery became a national episode. it las
heen related by old acquaintances: of both
men that the feud between Clark and Daly
began in ordinary business rivalry in Butte
Rut ite intensity was not reached antil Daly
began to build hie amelters at Anneonda
Water wae a necessity at the smelters, and,
as the story goes, Daly undertook to buy the
water rights of Warm Spring Creek which
flowed turough the town. He succeeded in
getting about seven-eighths of them for com-
paratively small amounts, when Clark quiletiv
purchased the retnatning eiahith Daly needed
.

then represented 1. B

 

 

   

po a
MAKE A NOTE OF IT.

When a suit of clothes bears all the distin-

| guishing marks of high class work, wears just

like one vou've been paying twice as much
for,and in every way is unequalled for the
price, you wouldn't ask for more, would you?
That's exactly what we claim for the Suit or
Overcoat we make to order for

1S

and weask vou to test the truth of what we say,

‘W. C, LOFTUS & CO,,

Sun Building, Near Brooklyn Bridge

ND

191 Broadway, Near 28th St.

aide to |

 

, elded

Daly's close frienda in the West say that |

{n Rally |

 

 

that eighth and sent to Clark, asking for his
price. The answer was $25,000, which Daly's
representative refused to pay. The next day
Mr. Daly sent his man back to accept Clark's
terms, but Mr. Clark said that he had raised
his price to $60,000. This kind of secsawing
Was Kept up, it is alleged, until Mr. Daly was
oDiiged to pay $125,000 for Mr. Clark's one-
eighth literest

Daly aud Clark originally were interested
olutly in the Anaconda copper propertics
Vhite Mr Clark went to Paris on a pleasure
trip Daly remained at home to develop the
roperty. When Mr. Clark returned to Mon-
ami, it is related, he fourm that his partner
had made extensive and costly improvements
Without consultin him He erpreesed his
dissatisfaction ar HW demanded that Daly either
buy or sell and dissolve the partnership. Mr
Daly, a@ his friend
time, but having unbounded confidere® in
the Anaconda he raised the money and bought
Clark's interest Since then he la reputed to
have taken $20,000,000 out of the mine

Mr. Daly became a power in Montana politics
and his influence was invariably used against
his former partner. On two cecasions he was
lustrumental in prevepting Clark from being
elected to the United Rates Senate, and after
Clark finally obtained the coveted election by
the Montana Legislature, Daly carried the fight
to Washington and was ragarded as being back
of the intlienoms that succeeded in
Fenntor-elect unseated, Mr. Daly frequently
eclared that his opposition to Mr. Clark was not
base Lon personal animosity, but on grounds of
principle and publieigterest.

Mr. VDaiy was indirectly related to W. A
Clark by marricge, his wife's sister being the
wite of Mr. Clark's brother Koss, Recently
Senator Clark has had apartments at the Hotel
Netherland, where Mr. Daly and his family
were reeiding

Mareus Daly was widely known as an intelli-
gent acd enthusiastic horse owner and In his
{me he owned a remarkable string of racers,
For several years Mr, Daly had owned one of
the nest stud farmsin the country in the Bitter
Root Valley, Mon, and he ws invartably
ready to back the representatives of his own
etable atthe racetrack, Hia winnings at times
were very large, He walked into the Hoffman
House one night a few years ago with $27,000
eash in his pockets, his winnings at the time
his colt Tammany defeated Lamplighter at
Guiteiburg Murcus Dalr'amost famous horses
were Montana, Tammany, O«den and Har-
burg, each of which won large amounts of
money tn noted races. All of these horses are
,0w at stud and Mr. Daly's fine string of young
1orses were sold by him prior to his depar'-
ure for Furope several months ago, At the
time of this sale it was announced that Mr
Daly retired from the turf on account of iil
health

About a year ago Mr. Daly took a lease of
@ handsome new house tn course of erection
by the Astor estate on the east side of Fiith
avenue just above Fiftw-sixth street This
lease, it was said, was for ten vears at an an-
nual rental of $16,000. This house ts not yet
ready for ocecupaney, being stil in the hands
of the decorators and Purnishers

Mr. Dalv'siliness dates back about two years,
when he first showed symptoms of weakness
in his heart and kidneve

It is not believed that the death of Marcus
pair wil) have any elYect upon the stock mar-
et The securities held by his estate are
largely of an investment character and it ts
aot ethgcted that his estate will let them«@o
Vhile Mr Daly was President ef both the
Anaconda and the Amnigamated Copper com-
ponies he bad been practically disabled from
usiness for the past year and a half Dia
successgr as the President of the companies
nanied Is expected to be either some Montana
man or Henry Ho Rogers, woo has really per-
formed the duties of President for some tine
Vhile Mogtana history has In recent years
been bound up in the feud between Mr Daly
end Mr Clark the Amalgamated Copper Com-
pany haa not been involved in the numerous
egal Contests originating from the feud. About
the only case of tne sort mffecting the Amal-
eainated company was that of the Anaconda
company va the Colusa-Parrott, the lgat
named owned by Clark, wWiich suit Was de-
last spring in. favor of the Ana-
conda Company The various eu-calied
Heince sults involved the Butte and Boston,
Bosto. aod Montana and other properties

notin the Amalgamated company, although
the chief holders of Amalgamated atock are
largely interest in these

yropertiea
lt waa reported, tn fact, In Wail Street ras-
terday that the removal of Mr. Daly's persone
@iity inay tend to accelerate a settlement of
matters between the so-called Standard (ti
copper ioteresta and the Lewisohn Bros. on
the ope # and A. Clark on the other, the
long fl@ht between Messrs. Daiy and Clark
having been very largely of a personal char-
acter, Mr. Clark is now in the West, and his
re‘urn to the Bast will be looked forward to
With unusual interest

in the curb market In Wall Street vesterday
the trading in Amalwaamated Copper stock
waa the feature of the dealings. The news
of the death of Mr. Daly had no dapressir ys
effect [here was an advance at the openiry
of business from 04 to 04%, the price then dae-
elining to 08, followed t
96. later there was another
with a rally and a strong closing at 04%, It

  

| Was estimated that the deauings aggresated
$0,000 shares, the biegest business In more
than @ year, On the Stock Etchange Ana-

coida stock was strong the greater part of
the day, advancing to 48%, but ciosing at a
recession to 47'). .

E. A, Tit ton, of Faalg, Tipton & Co., sald last
pight {n reference to the trotting interests of
Mr. Daly

' the death of Mr. Daly removed in my opin-
fon the best all-around horseman that America
has prod ye ed -l say ‘America has produced
because though born in Ireland he waa raised
pere end never went back to the land of his
{rt until a few
beean doing business with him and for hii
during the winter of 1886-00, when he was living
in Philadelphia. have known hitn intimately
since then and for the @reater pur.
tion of that time have done business
for him either on ai salary or on com.
mieean Hence 1 think T ean
of him asa horseman with full knowledge of the
subiect Other people may have seen better
Judges of a horse, but in my experience J havea

  

 

say, WAS not flush at the |

iaving the |

& spurt upward to |
decline to v8!

months before he died. [|

' Western Union Telegraph Company bought the

enaik |

never seen aA man that equalled him as a judge |

tality inal kinds of horses- thorough-

af Indivis
‘ waddle horses and

8, trotters, dratah! horses

 

ever ponies: and no man ever saw a better or
quicker judge of soundness. Neither weak nese
n conformation, nor defect In limb, wind or

form, a

eves ever escaped him, and beauty of
damandec

wes, he invariably

pretally in ou 4
| He rnieht take a mare that some men would call

, demanded, especially in

jever Knew 1

sriail but she had to meet every other require.

ment No mare was ever turned among his
brood mares uptil he had personally ine |
epected her and examined _ edicree The
eostina @no dfference: if the Indiv dual aid
notcome‘o his every requirement, she hed to |
weto the plow, uness--and thit was th: one |
excepton- she had mace a reputation when
young upon the track In « word, he

judge of form and always
hia mares, absolute
and either the best of looks or

Was an excellent

Borndness,

 
  

  

tested racing analities, generally both Ha
could not sit down and tabulate on paper
a ten or twelve cross pedigrees, yet In a

way he was one. of the

peneral
Best fudges of either a thoroughbred, expe-
English, or trotting pedigree that I
do not remember having met
who, In a broad sense, Was more fa-
niliar with the lines “whose comrningling has
protueed the greatest horeas both upom the
turt and the trotting track, Jn this respect,
as well as about the time in whieh great races

ehally. if

a oman

  

were run or trotted, his memory was won-
dertul

‘His thoroughbred and trotting horses were
his one great source of enjoyment e has
otter said to me when I was in Montana: ‘The

awful work thrown upon me by iny busines
would kill me but for the fact that now and
the van ron up to Bitter Root and see the
eolts that place has cost me @ lot of moner,
but it fe worth it to mae when I stop to think
of the relief yt Curnishes’

| now the Twenty4ixth ward of Brooklyn, died

Amor the horses bred by Mr. Daly that have |

shown on the track - can call to mind John
Nolan, record 20s, one of the blevest winners
in recent years, Dan M, 2:09%., India Slik, 2.10%;
Cuprum (3), 242 lmproevidence, 2:12; Chris
)-4ersen, 21 Doctor Spelman (3), 244!

Gamin, @144,° The Admiral, 2 15% laurels (4),
Journevnian, 2 ity) China Sik (2)
winner Fu

ays, 2 1n,:
of the Keontueky turity: Eady Thishe,
of the ereatest three-vear-olds
Priola, 2204, the fastes:  two-
‘ily of 1909, and Evirange
(?), 91 snid to he n faster
than Priola More than a dozen better than
v.20 can be added to thie list) The premier
trotting stallion at Ritter Root is Precien}
record to old-fashioned sulky 2.18, by Panceast

Peatrice, and one of the Atest voung sires

a, one

    

 

   
 

In the world Ponce de leon, 7128 (hy Pan
coast Vieira, Dow Belle by Plectioneer Peay.
tify! Pele, and Milrol iby Guy Wiles Manon |
are the other eteliione in service, and all have

made reputetions #@ the sires of extreme sneed
at an early ar
“The brood mares number just one hundred
that's the limit and soearefolly have they
been selected by Mr Dalw that thev are eaid to
he the handsomest band of trotting mares owned
by anv one man inthe world
are Rachel, 208 > Bllores, 208),
Addie The, 210 ,. Lady Wilten, 211 Extasy
22: Tm petizens(9), 91a: Emily. 241: Brown
, 210 Taurele (9), 2:15! Red Cherry,
‘4 Antrima, 218'¢: Eoline (8), 224%: China
2), 2:16'«; Vida, 2:16; Valisea (4), 2.19; race

a), 2194, and Faney Wilton, 2:19,

Tred Silk, 2.10

 

r-

 

 

84 SAFELY LANDED FROM A WRECK,

Rocket Bife-line Apparatus Gets Passengers
Ashore From the Angelo,
Special Cable Despatch to Tite SUN
Loxpos, Nov. 12. The steamship Angelo

from (Christiania for Hullis ashore at Withernaea,
onthe Yorkshire coast in the North Sea. Right) -

four passengers were landed by means of the |

rocket lifeline apparatus No lives were lost

Stops the Cough and
Works Off the Coid.
Laaative Bromo Quinine Tablets cure a cold in ene
@ay. NoCure, NoPay  Price25 cents.~Adp
In Either Case.
Whether you are buying or selling real estate, con-

sult the Board of brokers “‘Want and Offer” column
on real estate page Suadays and Thursdays —Ade.

Amone them

 

 

STOCKS BOOMING STILL

YESTERDAY THE BIGGEST BULL
DAY KNUWN ON THE EBXCHANGE.

 

 

The Geacral Publito's Desirs to Buy Continues.
and the Aggregate of Transactions Wis
1,924,423 Shares -London's Attitude Tow-
ard the New York Market Interesting.

All records for big bull daye on the Stock
Exchange were amashed yesterday. The total
of the reported sales was 1,714,423 shares, and
the actual business done was undoubtedly
larger by many thousands of shares, for on
every big day on the Exchange many trans-
actions are missed by the official reporters
and not sent out over the tickers. The total
of but one day—the panic day of Dec. 18, 1899,
when the reported sales aggregated 1,794,450
shares—exceeds yesterday's total. The trans-
actiona represented not only the record bull
day but their distribution among vartous
iagues was the widest ever known. There
were 189 different stock issues dealt in, and
in the cases of 179 of them transactions oc-
curred of 100 shares or more--something never

before kpown.

the general public's desire to buy stocks
oontinued, and while there was tremendous
selling to realize proiits on the bull side of the
account there was equally heavy freah buy-
ine absorbing these offerings. The London
arbitrage dealers participated in the buying
in the eariy deadngs, aud in numerous instances
Prices toughed the highest figures since the
Post-aiection boom set in. London, however,
after buy ing about 20,000 shares of stocks,
turned asiier of about 59,000 ahares later in the
day, In the afternoon the effect of the heavy
realizing sales was seen in a reaction whic
extended through the List of stocks dealt in
and ranged from 1 to 2? points

There was a slight flurry in money ratesin the
late afternoon and this he!ped to induce profit-

king and some selling for short account.
Money loaned on call as high as 5 per cent.
with 4), per cent. the ruling price. Inthe final
dealings in the stock market there were some
recoveries from. the lowest prices made on the
afternoon reaction, with the market closing
excited aud irregular, but with only moderate
weakness in tone

A great deal of interest continuedto be taken
in London's attitude, concerning which the
following statemnent was made by a Wall Street
man yeslerday

“London dealerseold calls upon about 600,000
ehareé of various American stocks before elec
thon day, Itis the habit of the London option
dealers to buy one half of the stock that they
6ell calls on at the thme they sell the privileges,
and often they buy the stock from the same
party who buys their calls, particeniarly in cases
ot tle trades. This regular course was pur-
sued on this oerasion, the stocks on which
calla had heen sold being bought in October
at comparatively low figures. With the ad-
vance in the market on the dav after the Ameri-
can election these stocks showed such profits
tint the ontion dealera looked upon if as an
advantageous move to sell them and this was
the caure of the sale of more than 200,000 shares
of stocks for London account in. the three
davs of last week which immediately followed
election day Thus the actual shortage of the
option dealers in American stocks nowstands at
60,000 shares, instead of 200,000, which has
been carried over to what ts called in London
the ultimo settlement. The impression that
the bulk of the settlements waa due to-day
was wrong, the settlement beginning to-day
being what is called the madio settlement.
The ultimo settlement comes at the end of this
month. This makes the London dealers’
postiion doubly dangerous compared with
what it was hefore election day. Ther evi-
dently thought that when they threw 899,000
alares of atocke on tha New York market, ft
would he able to hold up, but thew falled to
reelcon with the immense publie demand that
has easily absorbed all their selling, so that
{t has made no {mpression whatever.”

PATTON.

 

DEATH OF FRANK J.

 

 

The Inventor of the Multiplex Telegraph Sye-
tem Expired Saddenly Last Evening.
Frank Jarvis Patton, Vice-President of the
Columbia Carbide Company at 31 and 33 Broad-
way, of which James F. Campbell, former Gov-
ernor of Ohio, is President, died suddenly last
night in his bedroom at 208 Fast Thirty-second

street. For several years Mr. Patton hadlived
at that addrega with Mr. J. ©. Berry. At &
o'clock last Mgbt be told Mr. perry that
he believed he would go to his room
and jie down, as he did not feel well,
He said that he believed he had eaten

sormetiingethat did notagree withhim, Shortly
after f o'clock Mr. Berry went to the room to
eee how Mr. Patton was, and found him dead.
He hurried around to the Fast Thirty-fifth
street station, where he found Dr. Byington,
from Rellevue Hospital, fixing up the broken
head of a prisoner. Dr. Byington hurried to
Mr. Berry's homme and after an examination
said that Mr. Patton had been dead for at lenst
an hour. Dr Byington was unable to deter-
mine the oe of death and there will be an
futopey to-day

Mr. Patton was born {n Rath, Me, 48 years
Ag tie began his education in that city and
afterward went to West Point While he was
in the army he was wounded at the batde of
Wounded Knee and in another Indian flaht
He experimented with electricity while still
with the army and left the army to pursue his
dies. He invented the multiplex telegraph
tem, Which waa considered @ great improve-
nton the Edison quadraplex syatem, and the

 

  

me

tnvention from him. The carbide company
of which he was Vice-President, was formed
by his personal friend, James F. Campbell,
to exploit Mr. Patton's invention for the manu-
fneture of carbide, Just before his death
Mr. Patton was at work upon an invention
he called “a position finder” for ships, His
mother lives in Washington

Obituary Notes.

Mre Margaret Douglass Pringle Patterson,
wife of fono H. Pattcrson, died vesterday at
her home on Riverside drive, near Redbank,N J.
ag’i 70. When Mr. Patterson was appointe
warden of the New Jersey State Prison Mrs
Pitterson became its matron. She was a
menber of the Ladi«" Hermitage Association
of Nashvlle, Taay. the Ladies’ Mount Vernon
Asaociation of Washington. D. C, and the
International Prison Congress,

Walter Collins, theonly son of Supreme Court
Justice Ciibert Collins of the Vudson county,
N. 1, cireuit, diedon Sunday nightat the home
of lie father, 312 York street, Jersey City. He
was stricken with appendicitis la-t Wednosday
and underwent an operation on Friday. Mr,
Collins was 28 years old and practised law
eines 1806. The county courts adjourned
ye-terday In respect to his memory

Henry Miller, who wae Collector of School
Taxes, Comniisstoner of Highways and Schoo)
Commissioner in the old town of New Lots,

  
   

 

on Sunday at his home in Janaioa avenne th
his seventy-eghth sear. fle had been a florist
for over forty years. He leaves a widow, two

sons and three daughters
William J. Aschenbach, President of the
Vailsbure, N. J, Board of Eduoation, was
found dead {n bed on Sunday. On Saturday
nicht he was apparently In good health. He
was 68 vears old and was born tn Germany
He was the head of the firm of Willam J, Agchi-
enbach & Son, harness makers at 70 Market
street, Newark,
Judge Henry A. Clover died In Bt, Louls
esterday at the age of 76. He was born in
New York city and educated at Columbla Col-
lowe. In 1844 he went to Bt uls and in 1846
je was admitted to the bar. He wasa member
of the State Legislature and later Judge of
the Criminal Court,
Isaiah Fveland, a retired hat manufacturer,
died at his pom, 291 Fourth etroet, Jersey
City, on Sunday. Fle was st veare old and was
the husband of Mrs, Eliza Eveland, who has
heen a teacher fn the Jersey city public schools
for over fifty-two years, She is now principal
of No. 1 School
Prof WH Rosentengel, head of the German
dey artment inthe University of Wi-cons.n, tell
dead of avoplexy at a faculty meeting at Madi-
eon, Wis, yeste day aternoon, aged 68 years.
He was bor nin Gern any and educnaied there
Col. WR. Ray, former President of the Citl-
zene’ National Bank of Louisville, Ky.. and one
of the best known men in that city, died vester-
day He was 72 vears of age
Phe Rev Filhu Kiser cle! yesterday at Leb.
anon, Va, aged 42 yeara He had bee. a
Biptht einkt rin active service for seventy-
two years

We Mean You

Ayer's Hair Vigor makes
everybody's hit grow faster ;
it makes some persons’ hair grow
very, very fast. It stops fall-
ing of the hair, too; and restores
color to your gray hair every
time, all the dutb, rich color of
early life. You should send for
out book on the hair: it tells
just what you want to know,

If you do not obtain the benefit you desire
from use of the Vigor, write the Doctor
bout it. He will te)! 370 Just the right
thingtodo. Address, Dr.J.C. AYER, Lowell,

       

 

. J. Altman & Co,

Women’s and Children’s MERINO UNDERWEAR.
(Second Floor.)

Autumn and Winter weights of the best makes, inclad-
ing Norfolk and New Branswick, American Hosiery

Co., ZL 8 R. Morley and Dzimel Linen-Mesh.

Silk,

Sith and Wool, Merino and Cotton Vests, Tights, Combt-
nation Satts and Corset Covers; English made Indian
Gause in Plain Span and Pare Silk Vests and Combina-
tion Garments, Woolen Bands, Exercising Sweaters,

Golf Vests and Waistcoats,

Also ‘‘ Betalph’’ Fine Me-ino Undergarments, sold only by
B. Altman 8 Co.

 

DIVORCE FAKIRS INDICTED.

MRS. BYRDE G. HBRRIOK CONFESSES
THAT SHE WAS IN THE PLOT.

 

 

Pald for Her Own Divorce by Testifring ta
Oth:r Oasee— Gang Suspected of lesulag
Spurteas Divorce Weorees—Got a Divorce
for One Woman Withoat Her Knowledge.

The Grand Jury investigated the Maison
divorcee mill yesterday and found indictments
Qgainst the three principal operators. The
persons against whom the indictments were
ordered are W. W. Malson or W. W. Royal,
as the head of the gang so metimes calied him-
self; Henry Zeimer, the lawyer who usually
appeared {pn the cases as the attorney for the
plaintiffs, and Frank Wilson, who, having served
three terms in the penitentiary for oounter-
felting, became a@ professional corespon dent.
As the indictments were not filed owing to the
lateness of the hour when they were returned,
the precise nature of the crimes charged can-
not be exactly stated, but THE SUN was in-
formed on good authority that there were
three indictments against each of the men,
In view of the evidence which {is in poses-
sion of the District Attorney's office, and from
what representatives of that office have said,
the presumption ts that {ndictmenta for con-
spiracy, perjury and subornation of perjury
were found in each case.

After the Grand Jury had adjourned it was
announced that Mrs. Byrde G. Herrick of 600
Bedford avenue, Brooklyn, who was the plaintiff
jn the case heard by Referee Grosvenor G
Hubbard, and who was at first thought to
have been a victim of Maison and Zeimer,
was not only aware of the falsity of the testi-
mony in her own case, but that previously
sho had been playing the role of corespondent
in other cases, She admitted this in a atate-
ment to Assistant District Attorneys Unger
and Gordon, and presumably she testified
to this fact before the Grand Jury, for she was
one of the witnesses called. Mary B. Thomp-
kins, who confessed to having falsely testi-
fied to having been the corespoendent in several
of the cases, was also before the Grand Jury
and repeated the story she had previously told.
No indictment was found against elther of
these women, and the District Attorney's
office will not say whether or not they will
be prosecuted at all. The presumption is,
however, that they will receive immunity
in return for their evidence against the three
principals

ine Herrick woman tn her statement alleges
that she first became acquainted with Maison
mnore than 4 year ago When she went lo see Lita
with reference to obtaining a@ divorce alter
seeing his advertisement in the newspapers
Sune and her husband cdickered Giong with
him for soine time and she finally concluded
to get an absolute divorce, her husband, sv
tar as ig Known, having uo objection, Maison
onered to get her the divorce and furnish all
the evidence, but he wanted money. As she
liad no money to spare tor this purpose Le
proposed that ee pay him by testulyiug to
other cases. It was a case of “Luke it out
in trade.” She was to be paid at the rate ol
$5 a duy. She appeared in both the Gardner
and lumbetty cases and had agreed to appear
in stlil another wien the conspyacy was Lipped
by the arrest of Zeuner and Wilson when (uey
were about to sign the record in Mrs. lierrick's
own oase last Friday

Her first appearance as a_corespondent
was in the Gardner case, before ex-dustice
Charles Donohue. As was the custom of Ze
mer and Maison, the witnesses were suli-
moned to Maison’# oiflee on the morning of
the hearing. Ali the proofs were gone over
towether, dates, names and places studied
thoroughly until learned, and then all went
to the referees office. Before the referee
Mrs. Herrick posed as Mamie Galway of 19
Kosctusko street, Brooklyn. She ewore that
she had met Gardner, Wio is an undertaker
at 181 Court street, Brooklyn, on the evening
of Rept. 17 in front of the Morton fiouse, and
that they stayed there as ian and wife. All
this ae now confesses tu have been false In
the Tumbetty case she said she was Maria
Hartlett of sla Weet Twenty-fourth
and swore that she had lived with Pumbetry
as his wie. The names of the parties to the
sultin Which sie had arrange to appear next
have not been nade public

Mrs. Herrick a8 & pronounced blonde, and is
both young aud good looking. A gweneru de-
scription of her tulies with that of tae I honmip-
kins woman, There was stul another woman
corespondent apparentiy, the brunette who
jooked like a Jewess, The Lhompktius woman
confessed to very much the sare story a6 dire.
Herrick, exeept that she went into the shar
ceoreapondent business deliberately in response
to Maison’s advertisement for a. detective,
She wot $5 for each day's work. She testiled
in the auits of James Ho Norton against Della
Norton and in the Herrick case soth women
deny having been used as witnesses by other
jawvers than Zeimer and Maison, They say
they know of no other lawvers doing this kind
of fusiness, but the District Attorney's ofhcea
suspects that there are other mils in operation

pe searching investigation is golng on with a

street,

  

ule
view to clearing this matter up

fhe other witnesses before the Grand Jury
were ex-Justice Donohue, Grosvenor L. Hub-
bard, referee In the Herrick case, Charies M
Beattie, referee in the Johneon case, A. A

Joseph, referee inthe Hopper case: FD. Shaw,
referee in the Parsons case, Amos G. Russell,
the stenographer whose suspicions concerning
Wilson started the investigation, and Fugene
Saint Luee, the Janitor of the building at 230
roadway, where Maison and Zeimer had their
office

There is a likelihood of indictments for
forgery being returned against Maison and
Zeimer, even if this count was not included
in the bills returned vesterday. In the case
hefore Heferee Josepha plorure alleged to be
and identified asthat of Hopper, the defendant,
was intreduced and marked as an exhibit
When Zetmer left the office he forgot to take
the photograph, with him. [tis stillin Joseph's
office and vet in the evidence on fille in the
County Clerk's office there is, instead of it,
another picture of anotiuer man, and on it
are the forged initials of Lawver Joseph

Additions! raseuity of Maison, Zeimer &
Co,, in connect on. with divorces comes to
light erery day They appear to have not
only obtained divorces fraudulently with the
connivance of nlaintifY’s, but they have inati-
tuted suites without even the consent or
knowled@e of plaintiffs. A case of this kind
waa revenied vesterday A woman who sald
she was Mrs. Carrie DD. King, living in Bedford
street, called at the County Clerk's office and
asserted that the decree granted and entered
Oct, 27 in her favor agains! Frederick D. King
ws never instituted by her. The decree was
signed by Justice Hischoff on a report by Louls
Heuneman as referer

Tt aleo appears probable that there are some
persons who think they have divorcees who
sive not even ao much as one of the fraudu-
lentiy obtained decrees on fille in the ¢ounty
Clerk's office In two cases, one heard hefore
Heferea Delehanty and another before Referee
Ingraham, no reporta were <igned and hence
ne decree was granted. Zeiner never went
to) see the referees to inquire wily the reports
had not heen forwarded to the court and the
referees never received any money for the

work they did

 

BROTHER DEAN,

 

| Fe We. NERLY'S

 

 

Driven Insane by t

 

race Brought on the
Famity,

Muncie, Ind, Nov. 12.—Death has come to
Cyrus G. Neely, who was driven insane by the
exposure of the Cuban postal frauds. He was
a brother of the accused C.F W. Neely, former
Director of Cuban Posts. Cyrus G. Neely died
at the Eastern Indiana Hospital for Insane at
Richmond vesterday afternoon of maanes*, be.
lieved by friends to be the direct outcome of
the disgrace broughtoen his family py the scan-
dal. He was M years of awe and had served
for thirty vears as mail clerk in the railway
mil service, When the scandal became cer-
tain Neely resigned his place. Later he be-
came violently insane and was removed to the
State institution at Richmond.

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  

 

 

Oriental
Rug Sale.

50 Extra Quality

Turkish
Carpets,

ox12 ft. to 12x15 ft.,

875 to $125.
150 Small Rugs, '

$8 & $10.3
Lord& Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St.

 

Most
Westerners

are aware of the progressive
policy, modern service and
steadily increasing patronage
of the popular

Chicago
Great
Western

Chicago to St. Pau] and Minneapoliar
to Des Moines, St. Joseph and Kansas
City. For full information apply te
any railroad agent, call on or USdress
E. M. JENKINS, City Passenger
Agent, 319 Broadway, New York, or

P. HM. LORD, General Passenger Agent,
Chicago Great Western Railway, Chicagn

   

NEW POST OFFICE IN THIS CITY.
Postmaster Van Cott Discusses the Subject
With the Postmaster-General.

WASHINOTON, Nov. 12.—Cornelius Van Cott
Postinaster at New York, called on Postmaster-
General Smith to-day relative to a new poss
office for New York city.

“Although the opening of the new foreign
mails branch, which takes place on Nov. 1%
will relieve the pressure on the New York office
to a considerable extent,” said Mr. Van Cott,
“it will be only temporary at the best. Our
receipts are averaging over $90,000 more per
month than last year, and the receipte for the
resent fiscal year will approximate $10,000,000,
t will not be many years before a ge post
office will be required above Harlem. It lbe
iractically impos ble for usto go on much
onger with the space now at our dispo and
the s oner the new building is erect the
better for New York and the postal service
in weneral. | discussed the matter with the
Postmastor-General to-dav and he agreed that
the city needed a new office and promised to
do all he could to assist us. Tam also assured
by Representative Cummings, author of the
bi Introduced in the House, that he will push
the bill. Mr Smith cid not say that he would
make a recommendation in his annual repore
for anew post oftice in New York, but he may
doro, as he did last year.”

Mr Van Cott said he could not tell w!
his son, who ran for Congress in New Yor
would contest or not. Young Mr. Van C
thought he had a case, he said, as he was de-
feated by oniy a very few votes, and ther
appeared to be evidences of fraud, but it would
depend on circumstances whether he
contest of not

Additional Station fn Brooklya Tunnel.

The Rapid Transit Comminsion, {t ts sald, bas
decided to arrange for an additional station ia
the plans for the Brooklyn tunnel. [t will pro’
bv be at Fulton and Hoyt streets in the Oatre
ofthe shopping district.

 

   

“CHILDREN AND FOOLS.”
“Judge of a Thing Half Done.’

This is particularily applicable in cases where
persons eeriously troubled from the effecta
of coffee drinking and who take up Postum
Food Coffee in its place, attempt to make the
new beverage with a little hot water and two
of three minutes’ boiling. That sort of a ‘lick
and a prowmise” produces a drink that {s elmply
exasperating. It is fat and tasteless, whereas
the person who will boil the Postum full fifteen
minutes after the actual bubbling and bolling
begins, will have a beverage that is something.

There is a point between twelve and fifteen
bolling, when the character of
Postuns is chanwed, the tood value is extracted
and the delicious favor which nuch resembles
the muder and more expensive erades of Java
collee is produced

A lady in Salem, Ore, says: “Whenever
I drank ceflee at night, | alw Ay ® passed 4 rest-
less Wahelul nieht. Extreme nervousness
and a weak stomach have followed me_ever
since | have been using coffee. Finally I got
into such @ state that my dyspepsia took the
form ot spasins and heart weakness

| suffered Intensely, and when a physician
Was coed, he inquired, among other things
itt drank coffee and insisted that 1 leave it
of L did so and tock up tea, which I found
dimost as bad. Finally husband brought home
4 package of Postum, and we tried it (striouy
according to directions, Lor we believe in the
acawe that ‘Children and fools judge of a thing
hal! done.)

The new coffee was delicious and from that
day until now (Which is a year) it has been our
only drink at meals. \iy epeia, spasms
ete, are a thing of the past. My husband hac
suffered some years with bilious headaches
and indigestion, but during the pest year,
on Postum Focd Coffee, he bas entirely re-
covered lis healih and sained much tn welgbt.

minutes of

divs

Our friends frequerftiy comment on our im-
proves appearance and change in complaxion,”
‘ Cee Us ue

ame of writer supplied b
Creek, Mich.—Ads , .

: pallies

o

Kl cel cele tare

TE te a I te

BeltsPpiace>

wewss

=
=

ey

fo

22525 42

ss

eG oN IZA HEE

aecceerepe=

£ TRON

easges

oO

SAeses--

of
ti

ré
op

a
t
th

k

by

th
N
r

ae

.
v

ad

en
tail
"

tio
the
th

bu

aba
resu
the

Th
crau
Tabe
pon
plar
Orgal
cat
findi

Joo