rare aT

 

|

—s
A A ET tt I

ee ee ee

TO a tl

tet

—

5 TIS ET RN A A en

a

 

——<—<—<—

SS\ ZZ
The Sess Sun

  

‘

|

“TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13,

1900.

Subscr!ptions by Mall, Postpaid.

 

DAILY, per Month o.ccccseeserrerereeereeees | bo

DAILY, per Year iz

SUNDAY, per Year ; =
yA’ , v ene

DALL,Y ANU SUNDAY, per ra -

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month.

ewage to foreign countries added
: Trt SuN, New York Oty

PARIS—Kiosque No /2, near Grand Motel, and
Kiosgue No. 10 Boulevard des Capucines

It cur friends who farer us wtth manuscripts for
pubbicatio wish io hive rejecied aritcles returned, they
must tn all cases send stampa for that purpose.

 

The Anti-Trust Fatlure.

| for Canadian trade was prosperous
1 is TO gay,

It has been made evident by the election |

that the people of this country, besides
being deter:mined to maintain thelr financial
honor in good times and in bad, are very
tired of the howls of cranks against cor-
porate enterprise and of visionaries orying
for communistic Utopias

Such was not the cuse four years ago.
Despite the sense of relief that was expert-
enced over the defeat of Bryan at that
time, thoughtful men realized perfectly well
that practically the same contest would
have to be waged four years later, and that
not until it could be demonstrated to politl-
cians that the Bryan theories did not appeal
to the hearts of the people could BRYAN’S
hold be loosed upon the great political
party that he had seized) Republicans
knew this as well as Demcerats, and ever
since the last election the leaders of the Re-
publican party have madea | sortaof efforts
to placate and allay what they feared was
the Bryanism latent in the country by vari-
ous anti-trust laws and other legislative
measures which Would have the appearance
of meeting half way that hostility to cor-
porate and business enterprise which It was
feared Mr. Bryan had evoked,

Now this is changed, There fe little

Saxony, and Bavaria admit into their terri-
tories merchandise from other parts of
Germany, free of tariff duty, whereas Eng-
lish, or French, or American goods going
into Prussia, or Saxony, or Bavaria are sub-
jected to import duties?

Low does the British Government attempt
to justify its sacrifice of Canadian interests
fn the modus vivendi arranged with Ger-
many? One exouse given by Mr, A. J
BaLvoun in the House of Commons was
that. although the facts were as we have
just set forth, he was happy to say that
they had had no harmful consequences,
That
the prosperity temporarily
enjoyed by Canada in common with most
of the efvillzed world inay be regarded asa
{uatification of her desertion by the mother
country. We doubt {ff Canadians will accept
this plea. Another excuse may be described
asan application of the maxim de minimia
non curat lex: The law does not concern it-
self with trifles It is true that Canada's ex-
port trade with Germany is at present small,
but It was growing previously to the iniposl-
tion by Germany of penal duties on Cana-
dian products, In 1808 it was valued at

' more than $1,885,000; but since Canada 8 ex-

| Powers
many s lead, until Canada’s exports to all ,

fear that there will be more anti-trust laws |

at the coming session of Congress or at the
one nextatter ft, and it is probabie, #0 far as
our own Legislature is concerned, that not
only will no such laws be passed or even in-
troduced, but that some hasty measures of
the sort that have found their way to the
statute books will be amended, if not re-
pealed The net result of it all is a general
contidence in the health and solidity of bual-
neas conditions inthis country such as has
not been known {n many, many years. It{s
ofa deeper and stronger nature than the
wild buogance of the opening days of 1893;
{tis the settled and serene conviction that,
for atime in the future beyond which mer-
chants cannot foresee there is to be an end
to demagogile attacks upon business

Our country at las! enjoys full play for

every natural advantage, and confidence |

almost absolute, therefore, that the com-
mercial supremacy of the world will be
hers.

Will Great Britain Betray Canada?

What is Canada's reward for the prefer- |

ence of 32 1-8 per cent. which she has given
to imports from the United Kingdom? Her
reward is that the mother country has con-
sented to exclude her from the benefits of
the modua vivend! arranged between Eng
land and Germany, and that her exclusion
{s likely to be rendered permanent by the
new treaty now under negotiation, We find

all the facta connected with this extraor- |

dinary transaction set forth by Mr. E. E
Wrirsams in the November number of the
National Review

It was in) (S97, the vear of the D amond
Jubilee, t a the Dominion Government
offered to ‘ie mother country and to the

other Colonies of the Empire a preferential
{mport tariff of 25 per cent., since increased
to 83 1-) per cent. ‘That offer made Sr
WILFRID Latrier, the Canadian Pre-
mier, the most popular non-royal person-
age inthe Jul lee procession The offer,
however, could not be immediately ac-
epted. The treaties of commerce entered

into by England with Belgium and
with the German Zollverein contained
stipulations thet Belgian and Ger-

man products should be subject to no
hicher duties tn the British Colonies than
those imposed on similar articles of British
erfgin, Obviously, the Salisbury Govern-
inent had etther to denounce those treaties,
which were subject to a year's terminating
notice, or to repel Canada’s gift. It took
the former alternative, the treaties, being

clusion from most-favored-nation treatment
her exports of wheat, oats, peas, rye, buck-
wheat and barley to Germany, which
reached a total of 1,788,000 bushels in the
year ending June, 1898, only attained a
total of 676,068 bushels in the following

twelvemonth, when the new arrange-
ment began to operate. The loss In-
curred in the German market, more-

over, does not represent the full volume
of the Canadian trade affected. Other
may be expected to follow Ger-

foreign countries shall be barred from
tmnost-favored-nation treatment, Now, the
value of her foreign export trade in i898
was $54,435,000, The whole of this mieht
be endangered should Canada’s exclusion
from the benefits of the modua vivends be
perpetuated in the treaty now under nego-
tiation between the British and the German
Foreign Offices.

It is soarcely probable thatthe Austra-
lian Commonwealth and other eait-govern-
ing Colonies will follow Canada's example

and grant a preference in their markets to ,

British products, when they see what re
turn is made for their patriotc¢ sacrifice.
It is hardly possible that Canada her-

self will continue t: grant the pref-
erence, when she finda the mother
oountry soquiescing in the punish-

ment inflicted by Germany upon the Do-
minion fora fillalact. During the canvass
which preceded the recent Canadian elec-
tion, very little was sald about Canada's
exclusion from the modue vivendi. Had
that exclusion been perpetuated, however,
in a formal treaty, we imagine that Sir
CHARLES TUPPER'S arguments in favor of
withdrawing the unreciprocated preference
granted to British products would have had
irresistible force,

Gen. MacArthur's Report.

The report of Mafor-Gen. MacArTrrr,
Military Governor of the Philippines, which
has just been published, differs in most
respects from the usual routine return, Lt
is rather an essay on the sociological con-
ditions now prevailing in the islands, pre-
pared by @ competent observer, than a
customary account of the movements and
actions of troops. Asaservice paper pointe
out, ‘it is characterized also by a literary
style which will give it a high rank among
army reporta.”’

After afew introductory remarks on the |

work of the army, including an explanation
of the character of the campaign against
the Filipinos, Gen, MacArTHUR devotes
most of hia report to an analysis of the
Filipino character and its effeot on the con-
ditions before us in the islands. He says:

“The Filipinos are nota warlike or ferocious peo
ple. Left to themee!vesa large number (perhaps a
considerable majori(s) would gladly accept Ameri an
supremaAey, which they are gradua ly coming to un
dersiand means tudividual liberty and absolute se
curtty to thetr Nvee and property The people of the
tslands, however, @uring the past five years have
been maddened by rhetorical sophistry and stimu
lanta applied to national! pride ur ttl (be power of dis

eriminating In behalf of matters of public concern or |

private interest ‘never very sirong!y estab isned
among them has forthe time being bern almost en
tirely suspended. Asa subsiitute for all o'ner eon-
siderationa the people seem to he actuated bp the iden
thatin all doubtful matters of po fiies or wor men ate
never nearer righttlan when going with their own
with and bin, regardless of the nature of the action oF

 

| of ts remote consequences.”

duly denounced, ceased to he binding, and |

the preference offered by Canada became
operative Aug. 1, 1888

Meanwhile but little, if any, progresa ‘iad
been made toward the negotiation of new
treaties. Indeed, 80 faras Germany is con-
cerned, she seems desirous of deferring any
definite convention until she oan sequire
a thorough acquaintance with the
ditions of foreign trace and the poe
sibilities of furthering her own inter-
Accordingly, a modua vivendd was
arranged hetween the German and the
Fritish Foreign Offices, whereby ail the
provisions of the old treaties remained tem-
porarily in foree, exoeptthe article embody-
ing the stipulation that Germany and
bngland should have equal tariff privileges
in the British Colonies Germany, how-
ever, demanded that Canada should be ex-
elnded from the benefits of the modua
rivends, with a view to her permanent ex-
clusion, which the Berlin Government pro-
poses to enforce in the new treaty, This
meane that, while British producta enter-
ing Germany receive the most-favorad-
nation treatment, Canadian producta are
subjected to a much heavier tariff The
reason given by Germany for her discrim-
ination is: “Canada, by instituting the
inter-imperial preferential tariff, has de-
nied most-favored-nation treatment to us:
we therefore will not wive it to her"

As a matter of fact, the Berlin Govern-
ment cannot point to a aingle foreign nation
which pays in Canida a cent less duty upon
any import than Germany pays The sole
ground, therefore, for the German argu-
ment lies in the assumption that Canada
ought to treat her mother country and her
sister provinces of the British Empire
us foreign nations. That the English
Government should have assented to
this assumption ts pronounced by the
National Review the most ironical comment
upon ite professed imperialism which its
woret enemies could wish to put upon ot

cone

ests

What makes the German argument ex
pecially preposterous in the eves of the
Heriew is the fact that Germany herself is

an empire, comprising a number of semi
indeperdent States between which there is
perfect freedom of trade. Would Engiand,
or France, or the United States be
justified in contending that the German
“Empire did not give them most-favored-
nation treatment because Prussia, and

|
|
|
|
|
|
|

This peculiar psychologteal condition,
Gen. MacARTHUR points out, has raised
practical difficulties in the way of pacifica-
tion. Most of the towns, under the advice
and control of the military authority, now
have municipal governments, for which
kind of looal administration the people have
evinced unexpected adaptability. Yet in
these very local governments the Filipino
officials have acted openly in behalf of the

Americans and secretly in behalf of the fn- |

surgente, and “ paradoxical as it may seem,
with considerable apparent sollcitude for
the interests of both.’ In all local matters,
such as the peace of the town, the regula-

tion of the markets, the repairs to roads, |

bridges and streets, the presidentes and
town offictais have worked commendably;
and at the same time have raised recruits
and contributions forthe Filipino army, and
forwarded information to the leaders. As
the Filipinos are proseouting the war now
wholly as guerrillas,the difficulties presented
by thie curious state of affairs are eaally
comprehended

A distinction must be made, Gen Mac-
ARTHUR points out, between the Filipino
army in guerrilla warfare and the bandits.
He says that there te considerable evidence
to the effect that the insurgent leaders have
themselves suffered at the hands of the
latter, who are outlaws pure and simple

“As soon es the Insurgent soldier is eliminated
from the problem. the extirpation of robbers from the
highway will. tt te Delicwed, be eastiy and quickly
accomplished by the systematic organisation of so
clety to bunt them down."

This systematic organigation, the General
believes, will be alded largely by former
prominent leaders of the insurgents, who
will take charge of constabulary districts
and put down the bands of criminals now so
strongly organized. At present these for-
mer officers are reluctant to undertake the
task aa long as there is @ possibility of

meeting flying columns of AguiNaLpo's |

forces

The desire of the Filipinos for education
Gen. MacAnrnvas regards aa a very fa-
vorable factor in the military situation,
“especially so as in all matters touching
achools there is a fortunate coincidence of
American intereats and Filipino aspirations
* © © Astheschoo! work can £0 on in spite
of the abnormal conditions of the country,
the logic of the situation suggesta that the
archipelago be submerged immediately
under a tidal wave of education, the schame
of which to be expanded as quickly aa poa-
sible to include manual training.’

Gen. MacAgTuvs, from ap infinite num-

 
 

 

@20tez

 

ings and desires of the “nationalist party,”
the men in arins and their supporters :

The United States having acquired sovereignty by
treaty, in a way own the I’bilippine Islands, but they
do not own the Pillpino people; which Is the same as
saying that the United States own a tenement, bul do
not own the tenants. America on rule by force, but
the only way to realize Ameroan expectation In
the Islands ts by conciliation Americans can
do almost anything if the Filipino people are
with them: otherwise unending diseord, conspiracy
aod strife, We are not fighting to drive Americans
from the Islands, tubte convinee ther that we 4re
nol ehiidren; that we have ideals asptrations and
hopes which must be recognised by giving us @ gov-
eroment @enerally accep able, tn the construction of
which we must be consulted. The problem Is to
reconetle American supremacy with the ambition of
the American people; the necessary degree of Ameri-
Cau control wiih the national aspirations bbe Fill-
pinosbave recently developed. America must fur-
nish the so'ution ”

Gen. MacAntarr appreciates the diff-
culty in the way of furnishing this solution,
and of setting up a republican government
in the islands; yet he finds reasons for en-
couragement, ‘In the Philippines,” he
says, ‘there is no dynasty to destroy; no

organized syetem of feudal! laws to eradi- ,
ne see, | to succumb ugainst his idea of Justice.

cate; no principles inconsistent with repub-
licaniam: no adverse aspeocta of nature to
| overcome. The people, fortunately, are in-
| telligent, generous and flexible, and will
probably yield quickly and with absolute
confidence to tuition and advice when thor-
oughly informed of American institartions
and purposes."’

Tho report is one of the most flluminating
documenta on the subjeot that have as yet
emanated from the Philippines.

An English Woman on Dress.

In an article on “ Paxtravagance in Dress”
in the Nineteenth Century Lady GUEN-
poOLEN KAMSAY makes some interesting
estimates. She says there are people who
are well dressed on aixty pounds a year and
some who are fair to see on less, Her esti-
mate for the allowable dress account of
“ wealthy people who go out into society"
{a £500, but if the pin money ts no more than
that, half of it should be enough for clothes
money. How shall this £250 be spent?
Here are the specifications:

WINTER. & «

| Ome wmfior-made dress...
One rough coatand skirt...

 
 
 
 

One Indoor BiMArt 4rOBH ose ceeeceereeces 1414
Two everming Aresmee os... cece cece 86 00
One smart hat seeeeeee 8 68
One every-day hat 1 6

 

One warm cloak or ooal....

| SPRING.
; One drome. ........ . 00090400 Coeteeneees . 6 8
| AUTUMN
| One ooat and akirt... seterserceseccran 8 00
SUMMER.

+. 80 00
» 36 00
see Mene neers . 10 00
cocsseorecen 8 6
oo 8 6
6 00

Two every day dreases.
Two evening dresees........
Oneteagorn.. Per
| One beat hat or two nice ones...
Two common bats
| Boots and shoes for the year

   

 

 

 

ssoseevesss 176 10
73 10

Total....... pheeseseourecese
Leitfor extras acd underclothing.........6..

A formidable enough list to the unin-

| structed masculine mind, and yet tho
spring and fal! are singularly slighted

j init. The prices are those of tailors and
dressmakers of fashionable habits,

thingsare made at home the cast can he

reduced to @12t! 168., and there will be left

for extras and underclothing @128 4s., a

comfortable aiim, but extras might eat it

  

 

all up. Lady GUENDOLEN's £00 programme
comes nearer the earth:
WINTER ee
| One coatand ekirt........ siseeerereccoceccrecess 8B B
Two skirts.......56- eres 2 0
One hat sseeee sone -1 6
One bome-mad> «mart dress... 4060
One warm jacket or manve 68 0
Oneevening dress. . srrcererecceseeqecss © @
SUMMER.
Two cotton or musi!n home made Gresses ..... 1 0
One smart dress etetedestcccsecess FO
One evening dress, meds mut 10 10
‘Two tats one best, one e@ommon) 2 0
Boots and shoes for the year oo... 6
Total... Cree tev erroneeeererhesaccetaes 63 (6

Here again the calendar knows no spring
or fall, and the extras are pitifully
pinched.

We suppose, if we may be allowed to sup-
pose as to a subject 60 mysterious and
supermasouline, that there are nundreds of
thousands, in fact miliions of American
wornen who manage etill to be neat, still to
be dressed on a good deal less money than
Lady GrENDOLEN's lowest estimate calls
for. Perhaps they have enore of a knack
than the English women, and oertainiy
they have a more msthetic sense in clothes
philosophy.

Lady GvExXDOLEN
urging women to pay their dressmakers
and tailors; but asshe says truly “ the debts
owing to tailors are not all incurred by
women.’’

The Valet's Suit Against Mr. Gould.

| ‘The recent action for breach of contract
brought by a valet named MownRray against
Mr. HowarRp Govtn illustrates some peou-
liar features of the jury system.

The valet asserted that while in Mr.
GovLp's employ on his yecht, he suffered
severe physical injuries, including the loss
of an eve by the discharge of a rocket, and

THE SUN,

ber of interviews, is able to offer the follow- | blackmail, and it is probable that the ulti- | WATCH TO-NIGHT FOR 17 LEONIDS,
ing as a composite statement of the feel- |

 

If the |

 

 

mate agreement was arrived at by com-
promising the amount in which the defend-
ant was to be mulcted,
question, arises whether the jury was not
affected and biassed in its judgment by
incompetent and irrelevant evidence ad-
Mitted on the trial, and this question un-
doubtedly will be submitted on appeal to
the Appellate Division.

Is there no limitation to the license of an
attorney inthe trial of a cause, or will he
be permitted to overstep all seeming pro-

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1900.

|

The interesting .

priety in his zeal for his client's cause? |
There isa limit beyond which the District |

Attorney can proceed in summing up
against a prisoner at the bar, and it may
well be argued that there should be some
limit to the admission of testimony which
might possibly affect the prejudices of a
jury in an action for damages,or which may
divert their minds from the real iasue.
Whether Mr. Howakp GocLp be com-
pelled to pay his judgmentor not, it ts
certain that he has earned the general
respect of the community by his courage
in tight.ng the clair, under circumstances
which might have led a man leas dauntless

Gen. Miles’s Thousand to One Ratio.

Gen. MiLee's plan for the reorganization
of the United States Army ts bused on the
idea that one soldier to every thousand of
civilians is the proper ratio for this country
toadopt. He has arrived at this ratio by
some process of reasoning unknown to
everybody but himself. On the 1—1.000
principle he computes easily that the army
should consist of 76,000 nen, plus 9,000 men
for relict duty at the coast forw.

The nurtmerical conclusion reached by
Gen. Mites inay be right or it may be
wrong, certain it is that the method by

which he reaches it is purely fantastico, and ,

in one respect offensively tainted with
demagogy.

The basis for determining the size of the
army ia found only in the needs of the
service, We should have Just as many
soldiers as are required for the effective
performanoe of the functions of the mill-
tary arm of the Government, at home and
abroad. There is no logical relation
between the number of men needed for the
army and the number of people living in
this country. Any attempt to establish
such an arbitrary rafio is silly.

It is worse than silly if there enters into
it the notion or assumption that the people
need to be assured against military domi-
nation or supremacy by fixing a propor-
tionate limit —so many soldiers to so many
civilians, That is in line with the danger-
ous doctrines which Mr. Bryan has recently
been engaged in disseminating.

Henry Villard.

The death of HENRY VILLARD removes
from the scene the last of the conspicuous
aud interesting tigures identified with the
great transcontinental railroads. The
creative minds of all these colassal enter-
prises have passed away, but the vast
properties that they called into being re
main and even at the moment chal-
lenge the records of the world for their mag-
uitude and the extent of their prosperity.
VILLARD was a great genius, 4 born finan-
cier and astriking example of what has
been possible in this country to the conjuno-
tion of natural aptitude with fruitful oppor-
tunity. In bis earlier days these vpportunt-
ties were fewer than they are now, and the
men who successfully seized upon thern be-
caine correspondingly more conspicuous,
To-day they divide public attention, But
in his time Vinnarp ploughed a furrow

 

The Great Display Fxapected Last Yeor May
He Scea Now or lo-.cirow.

It the sky is clear to-night and to-morrow
night people hereaboutes, and in fact nearly all
over the world, may expect to be treated to a
éreat meteoric display Annually there is a
display of shooting stars in Noveruber, usally
on the t4th and ith of the month  Theee are
known to astronomers as Leonids because they
are central in the constellation of Leo Ip
ordinary years they range in number from 50
to 8) or 1,000) At intervals of about thirty-
three years, however, it has been observed that
the display is unusually large aud brilliant, and
thik 16 expected to be one of the yeara

A recurrence of the phenomenon was looked |

for by astronomers at this date last year and

elaborate preparations were made in Europe
and America to observe and photograph the
display, but it was no greater than in ordinary
years. British and American astronomers have
since carefully revised last year's calculations
and they think that the meteorite stream had been
deflected two and three-quarter million miles
from the earth's orbit by the influence of our
planet and that it will be seen that their
appearance this year is stil uncertain .
Special arrangements lave been imade at Co,
lurobia University for observing and photo-

wrapning the display. The observatory of
Prof, Poat at Bayport will also be used t
Harvard Prof iekering and his associates

have not give up hope of seeing the diaplny
but their preparations are less expengive a! d
extensive than those meade last year. Preparr-
tlona for the same purpose have been made
at the Government Ubservatory in Waahing-
ton, at the Lick Observatory and in many pdui-
cational institutions [n addition to ene
it is needless t say that thousands of amateur
astronomers will on the look-out.

PARK SQUIRRELS PED BY CHILDREN,

 

 

 

What a Ramwbiecr Saw in an Aftersoon’s Walk
—Partly Tame Animals.

To THe Eprror or Tae @rx—S: To re-
move all doubts entertained by the equirtel
lover who, in an interview in the interesting
article on “The Squirrel’s Priend” tn to-day’s
Sunday Stn, declired that he had never
seen anv of the Central Park equirrels eat from
the hands of childron, | desire to offer testi-
tnony confirming the truth of THk SUN's as-
sertion of the delightful friendliness and tarme-
ness of the children’s pets in question. I saw

| half a doven of these animal being fed by

broad and deep, overcame great obstacles, |

stum!led and plunged headlong in disaster,
recoverad and went ahead again, un-
daunted. Nothing could quell that stub-
born spirit, nothing repress or restriot that
indefatiga bie soul,

His Lot.

Mr. Brvaw must hare written his tele-
gram of congratulation to Mr. MoKInuer in
a moment of deap plysicaland mental de-
pression when the blue devils were capering
over him as the Money Devil has been wont
todo. Here is this surpnsingly ungractous
dooument:

‘At the cose of another campaign it le my lot te
congratulate pou upon a second victory "

Ina matter of courtesy it is necessary to be
courteous. Mr. BRYAN was under no obliga-
tior to congratulate his opponent, but having
resolved to do so, he should have watted

 

| until he found himself in a congratulatory
disposition and pleasant words could roll

is very earnest in.

off his pen. Probably by this time bis bile
has evaporated and his disappointment at
the reefing of the rainbows hung out by his
fool managera lost something of its edge.
But it may be that he has been looking for
the dark side of things so long that it is

hard for him to simulate cheerfulness, Be |

sides, is not MCKINLEY a despot enthroned
amid the ruins of the Constitution and a
fit subjeet of uwiulstion rather than oon-

| gratulation? You see a rueful face leaning

that afier the accident Mr. GovuLp promined |
| the plaintiff to retain him tn service during |

| the remainder of his life at $80 per month,
Any sult for negligence against Mr,
Govip by reason of the discharge of the
rooket was barred by the Statute of IAmi-
tations; but this diffvulty was gotten over
by the averment of a contract to provide
| forthe valet during the remainder of his
life, and to pay him a monthly stipend
The action was brought for breach of con-

' ke it better, go with the election.

tract; the epectfic amount claimed was the |

equivalent of the sum which the mortality

| tables showed the plaintiff would have re-
ceived had the contract not heen broken,

Tho action was not tried solely upon ita

merits, but the attorney for the plaintiff saw

| At to go into much matter that would seem

to have been irrelevant and incompetent as

evidence on the real tssue, which was

whether the alleged contract was made or

not. Mr. Gocuip set up in his defenos
| that he had never made any such
contract, and that he had dismissed

Mowsra¥ for intoxication, It was on the
| plaintiff's theory that he had been dis-
charged for reasons other than into xioatéon
! that much of the extraneous veatimony was
| admitted by the trial Judge. The name of
la lady, Mrs. BLANCHARD, in no way con-
| nected with the case, was lugged into
the trial, and even the defendant's wife
was not free from implied attaok. The
| verdict of the jury waa in favor of the
| plaintiff for $5,000 damages, and from oer-
! tain questions propounded by some of the
jurymen to the trial Judge before the end
of their deliberations, It was apparent that
| the verdict was @ compromise. Appar-
ently two of the jury held out for
some time for the defendant on the
theory that the case was one of

es

Oars o~ Terre

over this telegram, a dark, limp and dismal
paper, With such a face of gloom a man
might write *' It is my lot t» be hanged;"’ or
“It is my lot to hear PeTriorew make a

speech."

The betraying and fatal phrase is this: |

“It is my lot.” That
perialism. Has Mr. Baran put Destiny
above Duty?

Mr. BRYAN soored one rewult which Is worth more
than the Presidency. He satisfied the bulk of the
Ametican people thathe la an honest man.—Boason
Glove.

Let Democratic humbug, or illusion, if you
Whatever
other qualities BrraX may ploustbly lay cialm
to hereafter honesty oan no longer be one of
them. Senator Fnre'sivdictment of him for
falsification, unique inthe history of Presiden-
tial candidates, ia irrefutable BRYAN'S asser-
on, on the strength of the coinage of the lim-
ited amount of silver now In the Treasury, thet
the Republicans were practising the ratio of
16101" proved his intant (o dvoeive

 

The Removal of the Maine.

To TaE Eprron or Taw Scx—Sfy; The pro-

posed removal of the rem.ins of the battle |

ehip Maine from Havana harbor {ts a matter
of so grave importance that the methods
employed should be considered with great
seriousness

In order to determine whether the explosion
by which the Maine was destroyed came from
an outward or inward cause the plates forming
parte of the hull should be carfully preserved.
The opinion seema atil) to prevail in aome minds
in thia country, and {tie held more etoutir in

| foreign nations, that negligence on board the

j

ship was the oaune of ite dastruction

Aa, without doubt, the blowing up of the
Maine was one of the causes which lad to the
wor with Apain, anything obtained from the
wreok witoh furntshes proof on this point would
be an historical document, whioh should be
preserved as anoh in the National Museum.

Aooordingly, no plan for the removal of the
Maine which Involves the use of destructive
explosives should be adopted. aR

New Yong, Nov, 10,

savors of im- |

children and grown persons in a mumble in the
Park yesterday afternoon. If the doubting
friend cares to enter the Park at the beventy-
second street west side entrance any day he
may have all his acepticism removed in a twink-
ling. There is a particulariy entertaining
litcle fellow-—a fine epecumen of the sliver eray
fainilr—who makes bis home near the Sevent
Regiment monument, just south of teSeventy-
secoud etreet entrance. He came to me yes-
terday when I whistled, and springing upon
@ bench upon wheel was seated, hopped into
my lep and received a hick ry nut. He his
completely loat all natural timidity, and will
feed in thls way from any one, child or adult

A kittle further south near the bridwe cross
ing the Bridle Path there were vesterday after-
noon a hundred men, wornen and children
chistered feeding other silver gray squirrels
whieh hopped up and ate from the hands of
the children, and appeared particularly fond of
one niin wio had brought alittle bagful of food
for the pla ful animals, and who knelt in the
@rass along-ide the asphalt waik and fed several
of the squirrels at once. Finally, just north
of the Fift)-ninth street west cide entrance
another tarne silver gras ran to the call of
etli apotuer squirrel jover and picked nuts
out of his hand as he bent down to feed it

It seema a little sinwular, in view of this,
that your Interviewed friead, and “Old Mack”
and the ‘are attendant Wheeler, whom he
calla aa witness, have never seen the enter-
taining @pectacle L have deecribed and often
witnessed before. It seems strange tliat the
tarne squirrels should not inhabit the east
aide. If “Old Mack,” Wheeler and their aquir-
rei-loving friend will visit the part I have de-
acribed [ will guarantee that they will meet
at least half a duven silver eroys that will show
not the aiightest reluctance to be fed from
thetr hands or the hands of anybody else who
is kindly disposed. J. RS.

Nov.

TO THR FoIron OF THR SUN—Sw; In the
article in to-day's Sus headed ‘The Squtrrei's
Friends,” something more than doubt is expressed as
to squirrels taking outs from the hands of ‘chu
dren.”

Ido not Koow what age the writer fixes as the limit

of childhood, but I venture to Offer thie evidence as
porsibly sufficient to settle ihe question. In the
summer of |404, a squirrel pear the circie on the bt!)
at (be northwest corher of Central Park, cam: to me
as [at on the lawn and wok a nut from my fingers.

li, 1900

 

TENEMENT HOUSE LEGISLATION,

Leas Sirtogent Now Thana Score of Years
Azo, 80 @ Review of It Shows,

The Tenement

 

issued a review of tenement house legislation |

isos te iW, The book,
Lawrence

COMDLises 200

york from
Which was prepared by
secretary of the
pages and is devoted entirely
laws in reference to lene:ne nts upto the plement.
Under the four heads of fire, git and ven! lation,
sanitation and health, and gengral provisions,
the complete liistery of every law ever juussed
in this §
A full index, together with a list of ail build-
ing aod tenement laws enacted in New York
since tsty, adds greatiy to the general value
of the report

To the average reader it would appear that
the question “Is the construction of tenement
houses with regard to public safety a matter
of leas importance and conseyuence at the

present time than formerly?" would be the
natural and destined result of reading the book.
In view of the fact that this decade la one of
if not the most noted of tae century for prog-
ress and provieton for public health and safery,
itis ourpriaing to note that the tenement house
iwa now in eYect are mueh loss stringeat and
riugd than were those of twenty or thirty years

in New
Veiilers,
eoramisslog,

to the tet

tate Ip relation to tenements is given.

ugy.
"the lot of the builder in now constructing
A tenement house to meet fully all the require-
ments of the law is a much easter one than tag
eajoyed by his fellow trade«nen of a score of
ears ago. [t is almost amazing to note that
n 6o ebort a period as thirty years the neces-
ality by law of erecting tenements with regard
t) substantiality and safety, especially in refer-
ence to making the houses fireproof, has been
so greatly lessened. Comparisons between
the conditions existing now and then would
indicate that tenement house of to-day
ie almost shanty-like in its cheapness aud con-
struction compared with the tenement house
of former days.

 

POWER 10 REGUILATS COMMERCE.

The Kupreme Court Defines the Constitutional
Powers of Congress.

Wasntroron, Nov. 12.--The S:preme Oourt
of the United States today rendered devision
one cave involving the power cf Congtem to
revulate commerce between the Stat @ as ap-
plied to improvemente'o cavigation. The case
war that of Giloert G. S ranton, the owner of
lands on St. Mary's Falis, Minn. who brought
euit agai Evan S, Wheeler, the Gov-
eroment superintendent in charge of tho
improvements to navigation there, for damages
to hi* riparian rights by the erection of a pier
on su merged lande in front of his property.

Justice Harlan delivered the opishon of the
court, from which Justices Shiras, Gray and
Peckham dissented. The conclusion of the
epinion ts as follows:

“In our opinion, it was not Intended by the |

| framers of the Constitution that the paramount

authority of Congress to iinprove the navigation
of the public navigable waters of the United
States should be crippled by compelling the
Government to make compensation for the
injury Unat might indirectly result from an
improvernent to a@ mparian owner's right to
havigability. The subject with which Congress
dexit was navigation on the watere in ques
tion, and the agents designated to pertormn the
words ordered or authorized by it had the night
proceed in all proper ways without tabling
into account the Injury that might po@irhy
o ondiveotir mault from such work to the
right of access to navigability of riparian
owners,”

The dimenting vpinion delivered br Justice
Shires differs radicaliy from the views of the
raacerity He holde with Justices Ciray and
Peckham that the power of the Government to
control and rec ilate navigabie «treams and
to came into effect schemes for their improve-
ghent is not ind.reectiy given by the Constitution,
bur is onl, recognized be the court as an inci-
dent to the power expressly given to regulate
coromerce between the States and with foreign
nation,

 

 

Piaas fer the Menteipal Campaign.

To THR Eniron op THE St ~—vir:
most excellent sen that the citizene of Greater
New York are s© soon planning for the next
municipal campaign. The interest now awak-
ened must, however, be kept alive and not
permitted to lag; the enthusdasm of every

' Individual must be incrensed as time goes on

and after ea.ing tt, {n aimilar mauner took a second |

nut from the fagers of my dauchwr, then Just iv
years of age, rs she stood by my side MEDICUS.
44 WesT THIATY-SIATH STRPPT, Nov. il.

The Poltce.

To THY Epitorn oF Titk Stx—Sir: Every
Nteriry fledvilng with ambition to appear in
print, every po'ttioa! hack with @ «inister pur-
pose to-erve his party br methods as dish neet
Qs fenoble bas found from time*to time an
or portunity to pander to the vicious instincts
of the lawless by a wulgorand virulent abuse of

Nhe police force of the New Yoru murteipality,

The patrolmen who bas “pounded the side
walk” throughout the six hours of the midnight
tour, fearless in the performance of bis duty
when tie o casion arose which tested the gour-
age of his heartor his devotion to that duty
which he was sworn ‘o perform-—th'« patrol-
man of the most macrifeent police foroe of the

world, is rarely, if ever, found wanting in those | wreater cit

qualities of coolness and courage in the per-
formance of -uch duty, which afford the best
guarantee for the safety—the preservation—of
soci ty

Iseuppose IL msy say to THe ScnN, which has
raised th: standard of intellectual Journalism to
its highest lewel, thatthe pandering to the de
praved tastes of the vicious ard the vile by
abuse of the New York policeman haa been
often found a congenial réle to the needy knife-

grinder in polittos, who had artory to tell, or
aeil; but th refs not one resident in New York,
Wits an interest in the well-being, proaverits
and future development of this great metrope-
lis of the Western Hemisphere, who may not
bear wiilug testimony to the justice of the
New York policeman’s olaty to thet recognition
which wou dtend to the legisiation securing to
oie reward for the faithful performanes of his
ities,

The men who toll and, indeed, the employs era
‘flaborlo th sand every ther country among
the Angio-Saxor races have long ago decided
that the roost elictentand satiafvctory aervies
is secured when eight hours are regarded as
copsituting @ day of labor, The New York
policeman is condemned to twelve houre dally
duty work the most exacting and often the
most perilous and there are ocoasions, which
musth eos-artiv occur oa great city, when be
is obiigedto work sixteen, are, eightean hours
out of twenty-four, and fT need not, | apr re.
hend, state thet the phrase ‘pay for overtime”
dovs not exit in the vocabulary of the New
York Police Comminsioners

Nevertheless the New York police foroe in
belng alwa:s intelligently directed has ever
rondered efficient service, and tt): e New York
policeman on after all be is an animal of
acme Inteliigence—the attempt to direct end
control the New York ypuliee force from
bureaucracy at Albany ap
th s° biundera which are often potent for grav-
ext ril_ o the Covnmuyity-

The efficiancy | f the frish Cor stabulary inthe
suppression and detection of crime bas received
the approval, ‘be commendation of all who
have given something more thana perfunctory
study to {pat @ystem. Yet when Sir Robert
Peel introduced that system in 1826! was urwed
en him by mony of his colleague. that th ment
of covernmeant «f that body «ould bea oneof the
chanibors of Wetminster Abbey, but this
scheme of centraligation the wreat etatesroun
veor usly resicced, and while the [r'sh Govern.
ment at Dublin Castle exercises a eupre nce con
trol each #¢par.te county direet. the force
“we ite borders.

n conctusion, let me esy that the foolishly
ofMfic.cus interference of rural legialatora + th

etropolitan affaire, of which ee y are often
armentably ignorant, must only hasten the dar
when ‘he cifigens of New York will tnsiat o:
that sweeping measure of home rule which
shall sera them to atmini-ter thelr orn
mun dipal affairs A New Yore Parnouman

Naw Yor, Nov. 12

 

A Voice From the Sonth,

Oh, that this too Sold South would melt,

Tha® and resolve itself into common-sense,

And that the Everlasting hac not fiz'4

His canon ‘gainst self-slaugnter by such men

As Bryan, Chairman Jones, Gum Shoe Pit!

And that horde of servile destructionists

Such as Altgeld, Anarchist from way back,

Tillman with pitehfork to venom dipped,

Populists, disturbeta enemies of law and order

How weary, stale, fatand unprofiiable

Seem to me all the uses of this wind,

Generated in the dephs of Bryan's belly!

Fie on't! Oh. fle! "tea most pesttient wind,

That's ceruin, Thivgs rank and gross in society

Are fed by itand grow and thrive and poison

Pationt Heaven! Toast tt snouid eome to this!

That for two long mov ths. yea, ew n three

This bog of wind should howl and carort

O'er thie fair land, withering, blasting

All gracious fruits by kind Heaven bestowed
GPanTansuna, & 6, Nor. 10, Prapyvort.

to the day of election. Of course it is too earky
to determine many of the important elements
inost vitally incident to a political campaign,
but on the other hand, it is none too soa to
coramence organization among the people
to kindle and maintain the necessary interest
for the wotk to be accomplished. It gust

always be borne in mind that, “Great ie Tam-
many, and evester is ite profit.” Only by
eyeemalic, eleady work can it be undone
Many ace hoodwinked by it and it professes

 

House Commission has just |

rv of |

Itisae

|

'

|
|
'
|

|

to be the fitend of all) widespread is its in- |
fluence, powerful its mechanism
‘do the end (hat it tnay be destroyed as a

obtiem factor im local affiars, [ suggest the
ormation of an organivation to be known 4s
iti-Vaminany Aliance’™—the “A. T A“
tovect and seope of the A. T A. shall
he, as its nace unports, an alliance of citirens

  

|

of every and all powteal faiths for the destruc |

tion of Tammany tlall’e hold on our munrietpal
government bor the accomplishment of this
result a complete orvaniwation should be per
fected

The A. T. A. should have a general com-
mittee and an executive committee These
two committees should be formed as followe:

Every election dietrict throurhout the entire
ehull huve an A. T. A. election
district comm ttee, composed of the Republi-
can orranivetion cheirmin, an anteTammeany
Democrat and the Citizens nion representa-

tive [howe three comuritteemen shall each
he responsible jor the bringing into the A. T.A
the men of thew election district of their
respective political aMliation. The A. T. A

lection district committee shall select one of
its members to represent the district on the
general cornmittee

The exeentive committee of the A T. AL
shall be made up of three men from each asaer-
bly dietrict who shall respectively be a Repu
liean, named by the Assemble dletrict orgean-
ization, a prominent antl-Taguraane Demo
erat, and the Cit'zens’ Union Assemble dietrict
head) The executive committee shall provide
the wave and mecns for and genemilly direct
the work of the A. T. A. election district com-
Tri hl fevers

The object of the eeneral committes to
determine the needs of aach election district
to effect and maintain ite organization; the

' executive eominittee to find the methods and

ars to be one of |

| object

| 404 voters In the Presidentiol oampaten, I

means of eupy lring those needs

On the face of the proposed scheme of organ-
tivation it may seem that the ceneral and execu-
tive committees will be too large and un-
wieldy to accomplish anvthing in seasion, but
this obfection oan be readily overoome by the
adortion of miles and reeulations that will
‘suse the meetings of these committeas to
rin smoothl moreover the Tammany organ-
izvtica is not dissimilar fn makeup—and it
works admirably

The A. T A. shall primarfly be an organiza-
tion for the enrolling of citizens for an assault
upon the city’s worst political eremy—Tam-
many Holl. It shall be an organization per-
miltting citizens of every and all polttical par-
tles to work together against an institution
Yraich pppoe “politics {te business and business
ta_politics

Thix orcanigzation should be projected at
once and kept steadily working unt It has
fulfilled its purposes and accomplished its
Tt can do work that will tel}

here are many Republican oreantsation
men Ike mrself who, though regular to the
hackbone, belleve thatin the next municinal
enr mn the city's interest comes first and that
parte Hines mus? be set aside to secomniish
realts

In my own election district which enrolled
COT.
filentivy bellere from talks hod wit come nt
them that at lenst four hundred men wonld
enter the AT. A. lists

let “A. T. A” become a slogan for the next
municipal campaien: let an “A. T. A” button
be worn on the breast of every welf-respectiag
citizen, MARTIN SAxE
Chalrman Lente a Mocticn istrict Com-

mittae, Nineteen ROTH istric -

yublican Organization. . om

vrew York, Now. 10,

   

  

 

The State Constabulary.

To THE Forron or THe SUN—St- Tamant
always have been a Republican, but I should be very
sorry ) are Any such measure as a State Constadu
lary bill become a law through a Republican Legisia
ture. Such @ law would be without warrant or ex-
quae, and so palpably so that one must look upon tas
emanating from purely partisan, not to say sinister,
Motives tn those responsible for tts econcepuon
FLATHUSH, Nov. 1} HORACE G. Svrrn.

And Sha'l the Silk Hat Go?
From the St. James Gaertte
WHll the war leave its mark upon the soctal eustoms
and habits of London? Little siems are not wanting

 

that itwill The comfort of the Rhea! hot, for tn
stauce, Das been an experience too prolonged, [n
Many cases. to be livbty left aside. The Duke of

Norfolk bas early set an example by having a soft
biack hat Arat cousin et the wide awake, yet with «
reminiscence of inflitariam in tt, made for London
wear, He has edifed the Carlton Club with tt during
the last two or three dares and bas +lready made

more than one convert, besid
a es eonfirming the faith

'

|

| Cided to resign his post thre

    

  

NO WARSHIP TO MOROCCO Now,

 

She Pleads Immanity From Responsibitity to
| the United States (or Essequi's Death,

Wasntnaton, Nov iz) The Government of
| Moroceo’s answer to the request of the Uno \
|, States for the paytient of 5.000 ncte

| account of the killing by a mob at Pez of Marenus
Exsequi, a naturalized! Amertenn «
been received at the State Department, and is
of such a character (hit a warship will not be
rent to collect the money It was learned te.
' day that the demand made for payment by this
la vernment was recaled before presentation
atthe requestofthe Freneh Governraient, whi

tl7en, dns

desived to be a party to the pressure if it ob-
tained evidence to support the contention that
Eesequi was at one time a French citiven. Per.
mission was aiven to Mr. Gunnere, the United
| States Cousnkiicneral at Tangler to withhold
| presentation of the demand until the Fren:h
Government had informed him of ite dectelon
No tnformetion as to the decision of France has
been received here, but at the time the answer
of Morecco was written the demand had not
| been nude, and the answer is therefore bared
on the diplomatic request of the United States
for payment
Momeco, {n her answer, pleads {mmuntty
from responsibility to the United States for
Feeequi'e death, on the ground that ehe {s

especialy exeiapred througa a provision af the
} Madrid conveution of is*u Lis convention

airanged for Che protection of foreigners in
} Aloroewo, and the United States was @ party

 

j to it he provision which Moroeve pleads
is as follows
“Article 1%—-Any subject of Morecco who

has beer naturalized in a foreign country and
| Who shall return to Morocen, shail, after having
| rerunined for a lengta of time equal te tha:
| which shall have been regularly necessary for
| hira to obtain such naturalization, choose be
tween entire submission to the laws of the
Empire aud the obligation to quit Morocco,
unlese it sill be proved that his naturaliza-
ion wasontained with the consent of the Govern
tnentof Morocee ”

Eeeequl, Morecen contends, was a native of
that country, «nd that after naturalization in
the United State, he returned to Morroeco

| and remained for length of time enfictent,
} under the Madrid treaty, to again make hima
| Moorish sunmiect. Therefore, it ia eontended,
he was nota citizen of the United States, but «
subject of Morocco The character of the re
of the State Derartrment to theme cor
| tentions has not been determined, bit it is ad-
| mitted that there will be further diplomatic
negotiations before force is used to eellect the
claim. The Urited States bhnttlesh(p Ken
{ tucks, which errived af Algiers te-day, will
j Sherefore net go to Cangier for any hastilo
'

 

   

sponse

purpose. This Government admite that Mo-
rocco war not resronsitle for the murder of
Eexeerrul, brit wants indemnity becanse the mur-
; derera, who wre known, were act punished

i «

NEGRO DISFRANCHIAEW ENT.
Methodists at Newark Say It Is “Cofust amd
UCertghteous Lisertmiaation."’

Many leaders in the Methnreti«t Mpiseopal
Church gathered tn Newark vesterday at the
annual meeting of the Comittee of the Freeu-
men's Aid and Southern Education Sectety
in St. Paul’e M AK Chaorch Bishop Stephen
Merril’ of Chicago presided vesterday morn-
te The report of the Board of Manages,
read by Secretary McV. Mason, declares thas
the “wholesale disfranchisement of the negro
by several States of the Soutb, thus open!y
and defiantly nullifving the lourteenth and
Fifteenth amendments to the Constitution, is
the moet radical and flagrant legislation against
the aolored man that the South has ever ar-
tempted @ince emancipation We off no
criticlam upon an educational quaslificaticn
for suffrage which appiles to allalike Neither
the negro mor his friends would make cor
piaint against this leglatior They would
welcome it. It ke the unjust and unrighteous
discrimination te which we call attention.”

 

 

PORTO RICAV PORTS NOT FOREIGN,

Judge Brown's Deciston That Veserls Gotng
te Them Are Coastwise Tracers.

Judge Addison Brown of the United States

District Court handed down an tmpertint de-

| cision in admiralty yesterdar, in whi b he dic-

missed a number of libels for plietuce dues,
which were fied aganinat ships engaced in the
Porto Rica® trade, on the ground that porte of
the island of Porto Rico are not foreign pr rts
The decision ts that veewels engaged tn such
trade come uneer the apploition of the navi-
gation acts regardi:@ coustwise tirade.

Lord Strathcona to Kettre.

Tormorto, Cnt. Nov. 12.—It was enneuncet
here this afternoon that Lord Strath ona, for
some years the most tnreresting Meare in the
Canadian colony in London, has dé-finitely ae-
Canadian High
Commissiover, It 8 likely that Sir Riehard
Cortwright w"l go to Engianad im his place, aid
tha! the latter will te suceseded as Minister of
Trace and Commerce by the Hon. James
Sutherland.

The St. Paul Leaves Dry Deck.

The American Line steamship St Pan) was
floated out of dry dock in the navy yerd in

Brooklyn terday merning. She was towed
outof the itney channe! into the East River,
and then ander her own stean started for the
Cramp euipyvard m Philadelphia, where she
will be thoroughly overhauled anu refitted.

Seven CRestnets in a Burr.
Prom the Philadelphia Record.
Wrasamsrort, Pa., Nov. 10.--E. W. Warner,
of this citr, ts the owner of probably the oddest
farm in Pennsylvania. It is a chestnut farm,
located in the mountain district of northeast
lwcoming county near the Sullivan county
line. The trees, of which there are over 8,000,
are set in rows exactly as fruit trees are in an

| orchard, and Mr. Warner gives therm es

or more-—attention as do the owners fruits
trees. The original saplin or sprouts were
oulled from @ wide area of chestnut ot,

trimmed into shape, then grafted the
American sweet chestnut, a native nut of Penn-
sylvania

The result has been marvellous. This year
was the third bearing seaton for the trees,
and some of the nuts were astonishingly 4
some of them measurnne more than an ine
neross and growing 45 ruany as seven in @ burt.
The flavor of the nuts, it was feared, ht be
impaired by their size, but the kern as
fine and eweet a® the choicest Pennsy te
chestnut pleked up in the fields. In order to
prevent the trees from hearing boo presisealiy,
and thus endanger the growth the e,
Mr. Warner went through hw orchard when
the burrs began to form and whipped off at
least one-half of the fruit

It will be two or three years yet before the
trees will be permitted to give all their strength
to fruit. Bey that time they will have attain
a good, maged size, able to withtand
and to bear the weight of the burrs. At the

_ end of that time, too, Mr. Warner expects that

| Pater

his novel farm will be a paving investment, as
the fruit from it oan hardly be excel size.

 

How Maude Voted.

From the Deneer Feening Poa.

Mande Miller rose or election mom
As proud as a kid with a new tin horn,

Por she was ‘o cas! a vote, and she
Was flied with angelic ecstasy!

She felt that men were common fey
As she, on that glorious woman's dayt

That she was the equa! before the law ‘
Of any old nemale she ever saw! 7

She could almost feel the Greas of the hime
ln tubular form on her nether |—bal

She dressed herself with unusual cere
From her duinty feet to her fi Oy hair.

In e party carringe she would not ride;
fibe'd walk to the polls tu her mannish pridd@

She started forth with a dasbing swing,
AS gay a8 a jaybird on the wing

A milliner'’s window caught her eye,
And you know she could never pass that by?

Stepped into the waiting spiver's net
Totry on a hat: (t was extiy ret,

She spertan hour’mid the fairy abow,
‘Then happened to thik ahe would («ier @@

Some gowns in a window lay tn wa!\
For gitls who would bite @t such 4 Balt

She glued her nose to the polished pane
And studied (he #tyles again and again.

She wondered how she would loo !{ she
Were dressed in such dreams of finery’

She entered the store and for half the day
Ins pected the goods in a crazy way!

As the dey was waning she stood before
The Mashing wema in a jewriry store

Passed on to a window filled with hose,
And nighties and other sacred clothes!

Went into an ice cream fotnt to get
A plate or two of the frozen wet

She met a friend on the street, and they
Swapned talk till an hour had passed away.

Then again she hastened in graceful fight
To make a shy at her sacred right

Rut alas! as you no doubt have supposed,
She found that the mean old polls had closed?

They might have known. the condemned of a8
Of men, that she hadn't voted yet!

Tt wasn’t falrt
y were perfectly herrid old things! Bo there!

yn aaa a eS

a
= onmng nee ree:

~*>% se.gecrtacs

cr-(8

“ye