‘i

ONE GRAND FEMININE SOB

 

DR. PARK AURST SURVEYS Wom.

iN SUFFRAGE ERUPTION.

‘Says Something About Tandem Polygamy
Represented on the Stamp—He Wishes
the Dear Sisters Would Come Out of
the Air Down to Coherent Thought

Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst in his Thanks-
giving Day sermon at the Madison Square
Presbyterian Church yesterday con-
eidered woman's suffrage. As his text
be took the verse from Genesis: “So God
created man in His own image; in the
image of God created He him. male and
female created He them.” Dr. Parkhurst

asked
_ “Why was it that ‘God created man

male and female’? Are we to understand

that it is simply a physiologival con-
trivance for the production of population?

Are those who atand at the front of this

movement prepared to put upon the rela-

tion between the sexes a merely animal
interpretation?

“Perhaps they do not think that. It
is to be hoped that they donot. But what
do they think? Is it asking too much
of these dear sisters of ours who are some-
‘times a good deal up in the air to come
down to the prosaic level of distinct and
coherent thought and tell us in words
that have in them neither rhapsody nor
vituperation and that the male mind can
keep up with just why there are two
sexes”

“Biologists tell us that the higher we go
in the scale of animal life the more the
respective functions of the two sexes
become differentiated—moré and more
widely separated from each other in their
quality, aptitude and mission. From
which we have to conclude that the finer
the trpe of human civiligation the more
widely apart man and woman will become
in all that relates to the ingredients of
their personality and therefore to their
interests and their respective spheres of
service. ,

“That is the first criticism be passed
on what is just now transpiring, that it
is Dot being conducted on the basis of
principles that have been thoroughly
canvassed; that an attempt is being made
to accomplish something without first
discovering whether it fits logically into
the framework of sociological principle
and historic trend.

“The absence of all that constituted for
me the distinctive feature of the recent
mass meeting in Carnegie Hall, which
did not deal with fundamentals, but which
was simply one grand accumulated
feminine sob for the ballot. 80 that one
‘might venture to characterize it as being
not so much @ movement as an eruption,
sustaining toward the quiet progress of
events in general something the relation
in which Vesuvius stands to the other-
wise orderly processes by which the
equipoise of the earth is maintained and
its progress is promoted.

“What may have individually trans-
pired between ladies in that audience
and members of the other sex that ren-
dered them so cheerfully responsive
to reflections and innuendoes inflicted
upon members of that other sex I do not
know, of course. I do know that there
was one Woman very conspicuously
present on the platform who had herself
changed husbands, so I suppose there
must have been something in her case
that might give point to her objurgations.
Yes, and there was another one there
too, prominently connected with the
movement—I mean the eruption—that
also belonged to the migratory sister-
hood. I do not mean at all that this
agitation is in the interests of what might
be called ‘tandem polygamy,’ but our
ladies, of the delicacy with which they
are supposed to be possessed and with
which as a rule they certainly ‘are pos-
sessed, should be made thoughtful by
facts of that kind and should be assured
that the underlying spirit of any revo-
Intion"is likely to be more or less accu-
rately represented in the personal quality
of the leaders of that revolution.

“There are certain expressions that
have proceeded from the lips and the
pen of a female agitator exceedingly
'PFoinent as such in this city and who
] see is campaigning outside of the city
and who might perhaps be almost denomi-
hated the ‘genius of the movement at
present—certain expressions, uttered
‘pparently in entire calmness of mind
that I would not have supposed could
by any possibility have emanated from
‘ny woman except as she had turned
Amazon and been willing to plunge the
knife into the vitals of all the best and
fetablished institutions of the civilized
and Christian world.”

Dr. Parkhurst then referred to an inter-
“ew published in a magazine in which
‘he woman referred to said: “Until you
ive us the ballot we will not marry you;
*e will not work in your places of busi-
hees; we will have nothing to do with
You socially, industrially, any way,” and
“so “the Church cannot stand without
her, Abandoned by its greatest pro-
‘*ctor, it will be dead until she comes
back ty breathe into it new life. Then
et her walk out of the hospitals. Man
ls of no use in attending the sick. About
ail he can do is to carry a stretcher,”

I wish.” said Dr. Parkhurst, “that the
Fomen who are tumultuously in evidencs
= ‘his agitation would stop and ‘do a
Ne more thinking before they do any
More talking and try to get at the rea
ntiment which men, ninety-nine-hun-

“edths of them, in a civilized country |
‘4° our own cherish toward what we |
Prefer to call our ‘feminine companions.’
Thave F

° belonged to the male sex for more
than half

a century and I know what
‘ine gallantry means, and I know
such flings as are slung at us from
certain feminine catapults hurt =|

bruise

Tarr
hat
a
ley
Men are manly asa rule, and just as
- y a8 women as a rule are womanly.
* have no desire to exclude

the | ' them from
“lr rights. The sentiment that we
cherish foward the sex is a finer one
ad more replete with high toned recog-

ition than those voluble prophetesses of

Viuperation are even competent to
menect. And we have the right to be
indignant at any female—I distinguish
‘etween female and woman—we have the
right, I say, to regard with sad indigna-
any female who will consent to stand
“lore a crowd of womanly women and
tow in their honest and eager hearte the

  
  

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
  
  

seeds of sex antagonism.

cr, Rincon «meen COMR TQ JAIL FOR DINNER’

“Woman will get all she wants if she is
woman in her way of getting it, but if

she is man in her way of getting it eho |

will not get more than half of what she
wants. So far as she resorts to purely
masculine implementa in her attainment
of a feminine victory she will count only
as man. One woman will count only

one and a fraction, perhaps two. Votes
do not settle everything. The settling is
all done before the balloting begins.
Votes simply register what has been
settled previously, and if women will
remain women, and very much so, and
will recognize that as such they stand
on higher ground than man, and will
stick to that higher ground, they will do
the seitling, whereas if they come down
to man’s lower level they will have to take
their chances, and will mean no more in
the shaping of events than they would
have done had they been born membars
of the other sex.

“The final and safe answer to all these
urgent questions will not be rendered by
show of hands or by enthusiasm or by
flags and brass bands, jut by the law
of God as it is published in His Word,
and as it is inscribed in the human consti-
tution; male and female.”

MRS. O. H. P. BELMONT REJOINS

The magazine article referred to by
Dr. Parkhuret was written by Mrs. Oliver
H. P. Belmont and was published in an
October number over her own signature.
Mrs. Belmont listened last night while
extracts from the sermon were read to
j her and then dictated the following state-
ment:

“A Sun reporter called on me at 7
o'clock this evening and read to me ex-
tracts from Dr Parkhurst’s Thanks-
giving sermon.

“All that d wish to say in reply to these
remarks of Dr. Parkhurst's is that the
idea of Thanksgiving Day, appointed by
the President of the United States, seems
tobe a different conception for him and
for myself.

“All day long I have thanked my God
that I have been spared another year so
I was able to work for the woman's cause.
For I have been given means to do that
work With. Dr. Parkhurst seems to have
forgotten to-day the greatest Precent of
Christ's religion—charity.

“Atva EF. BELMONT.”

MRS. TOM L. JOHNSON COMES ON,

Condition of Hef Son Critical Afier Ap-
pendicitis Operation.

Loftin E. Jonnson, who is a son of
Mayor Tom L. Johnson of Cleveland
and who was operated on for appen-
dicitis in Miss Alston's private hospital
at 26 West Sixty-first street on Wednes-
day night, showed no material change
last night. The physicians recognize
that his condition is critical,

Mrs. Tom L. Johnson, his mother,
reached New York yesterday morning
from Cleveland and will remain with
her son.

CLEVELAND, Nov. 25.~Mayor Johnson
ia confined to his apartments in the Knick-
bocker and while not in bed is believed
eo ill that he cannot leave this city. He
has been ill for months and a month
before the election, in which he was de-
feated,was compelled to quit the city and
seek rest in a long automobile trip. In
the closing meeting of the municipal
campaign City Solicitor Newton D.
Baker, associated with the Mayor in many
political battles, pointing to Mayor John-
son on the platform behind him, spoke
to an audience as follows:

“This may be the last campaign Mayor
Johnson and I will make together. Two
years hence Mayor Johnson may not
be with us.”

DREADNOUGHTS FOR FRANCE,

Twe a Year for the Next Six Years Is the
Admiralty Pian.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sux

Paris, Nov. 25.-—-The Matin to-day
prints a statement which shows that
France intends to follow other countries
in the matter of constructing Dread-
noughts. It says that the two battle-
ships which will form part of the_pro-
gramme to be submitted to Parliament
in January will be of 23,000 tons displace-
ment. They will have a speed of 20 knots
an hour and will be equal if not superior
to any battleship afloat.

They will have the greatest attacking
power of any ship in existence at the
time they are laid down. 4Their second-
ary battery will consist of eighteen guns,
ten of which will be of superior calibre
to any secondary battery used by the
ships of other countries. The vessels are
to be completed in three years. Two
ships of this class will be laid down every
year from 1910 on so that by 1915 France
will possess nineteen battleships, twelve
of which will be of the Dreadnought
type

SaSnnEEREeeeenee

|

 

 

 

BIG BIRD BLEW IN.

More Than Half as Tall as Dr. Weinberg,
With Whom It Had a Scrap.

ATLANTIC City, N. J., Nov. 25.—A mon-
ster bird of the crane variety, supnosed
to have been driven into this regi n by the
gale, made a vicious attack ~on vr.
I. W. Weinberg, who attempted to capture
it after it landed in the yard of his resi-
dence on Atlantic avenue this afternoon.

When Dr. Weinberg approached the
bird, which stands nearly four feet in
height, it attacked him with beak and
claws and he could get the better of it
only by stunning it with a club.

The bird will be sent to the Philadelphia
Zoo for identification. ~ _ «

BACON TO BE AMBASSADOR.

Will Begin His Duties in France in About
a Month.

WasHINGTON, Nov. 25.—Robert Bacon,
former Assistant Secretary of State, will
take charge of the American Embassy
at Paris in the latter part of December.
Although Mr. Bacon's appointment as
Ambassador to France has never been}
announced at the State Department 4
has been common «tnowledge for many
months that he would be appointed.
The Department probably will make
formal announcement of his appoint-
ment within the next week or two. |

Several other diplomatic changes will |
take effect on January 1. Henry Lane}
Wilson, American Minister at Brussels, |
will be made Ambassador to Mexico,
when the resignation of David E. Thomp-
son will take effect. Charles

aspire

 

 

    
      
 
 

American Minister to P.

tr erred from .
No has been made for the Porte:

gal mission.

*NEW YORK

 

as one man, whereas by endowment of |
nature and of God she ought to count as |

 
  
   
 
 
    
   
    
 
   
  
    
  
 
   
 
 
   
  
   
   
   
  

: warket,
before the expiration of my term to have a
j@ full hearing before the Governor anda BRYCE TO RETIRE?
decision made. The case could be tried | ——_—

     
   

re

.

ae

, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 26,

 

1909,—copurion,

MRS. ROOSEVELT RETURNS.

Will Probably Go Back to Maly in Febru-
ary to Meet the Ex-President.

Mrs. Edith Kermit Carow Roosevelt,
wife of Col. Roosevelt, former President
of the United States, was a passenger
A Jobastown Flood of Tarkey, Chicken, | by the North German Lloyd liner Koenig

Mince Pte, Candy, Fruit and Tobacco | Albert. in yesterday from the Mediter-
r y ean. Her daughter, Miss Ethe!, ac-
or Two Lene Prisoners Whe Were Oompanied her. Collector Loeb went
Persuaded to Stay in Their Cells. |

 

 

|

BEGS WARDEN LYNCH IN YORK
VILLE COURT PEN.

 

|

| down the bay on a revenue cutter and
Anna Spoteford, who is known to the |°#™® up from Quarantine with Mra.
Police as Fruzzie Driftwood, was the only

Roosevelt, who did not leave het cabin
until the liner had docked and the gang-
woman prisoner in the Yorkville police | plank had been put up. It was sleeting,
court yesterday. The charge against her | and in escorting Mrs. Roosevelt down to
the pier over the unprotected part of
the gengplank Mr. Loeb hoisted his
umbrella. When heSpied several photog-
raphers trying to get a picture of Mrs.

was intoxication

Magistrate O'Connor fined her $1.

“I have 65 cents in me pocket, an’ won't
your Honor split the fine to 50 cents,
an’ may happiness wait on your Honor
when you're eatin’ the turkey at home!
this day,” pleaded the woman.

The appeal touched the Magistrate
and he was about to discharge the pris-

manipulating it so deftly that the camera
men were able to show later nothing but
negatives portraying a large and shining
umbrella.

Douglas
| brother-in-law; Mrs. Nicholas Longworth

 

Robinson, Mrs. Roosevelt's

 

oner when Warden Lynch of the court | (alice Roosevelt), Teddy Roosevelt, Jr.
prison stepped forward and asked the Congressmen William W. Cocks of Oyster
Magistrate to commit the woman. to Bay, Joseph Murray, former Assistant

prison for at least one day. |Commissioner of Immigration at this
“We have an abundance of good things | Port. and a number of personal friends

‘ _ . of Mrs. Roosevelt greeted her at the pier.
downstairs for a Thankegiving dinner, | a4, win apend the Christmas holidays at
but this awful weather has cut off our

Oyster Bay after - trip to the home of
supply of prisoners, Under the circum- | her sister-in-law, Mra. William Sheffield
stance I ask that you let no unfortunate | Cowles, in Connecticut.
escape,” explained the warden, It was said that Mra. Roosevelt would

The storm had cut down the daily aver- \ehe early in February to Italy, where

: . . she has been living for several months
ageof a O ‘ . ; : .
- Prisoners in court from sixty to only at the villa of her sister, Miss Carow, and

“What are you going to give the pris- await there the return of Col. Roosevelt

oners for dinner?” the Magistrate asked. from the sungie.

“The department,” said the warden,
“seat me last night fifteen mince
pies, sixty-eight pounds chicken,
eighteen pounds of turkey, with cran-
berries and , celery, two barrels of
fine apples and a barrel of potatoes.
The Rey. Thomas Topping of the Prot-
estant Episcopal Church sent me twenty-
five packages of tobacco with pipes, four
dozen oranges and more applies. Miss
Collins of the Catholic charities sent me ten
pounds of candy, tobacco and oranges.”

The Magistrate refused to reduce the
woman's fine and she went downstairs
for one day. The pext three prisoners
were charged with serious offences and
they obtained bail pending their ex-
amination on a future day.

The last prisoner was Smoke O'Grady,
an old time resident of Corcoran’s Roost,
who was taken in by a policeman of
the East Thirty-fifth street station be-
cause he was unable to take care of him-
self in the storm Wednesday night.

“You are committed to prison for one
day and may the Lord give you a good
digestion,” announced the Magistrate.

The warden anxiously watched the
door, but no more prisoners came in and
court adjourned for the day.

“Only two prisoners and all that fine
food,” said the warden as he eacorted
O'Grady downstairs. It was true that
a few prisoners were left over from the
day before, but preparations had been
made for thirty or forty additional onea.

When dinner time came Miss Drift-
wood and O'Grady were embarrassed
by the bountiful display of turkey, pies
and chicken. The man was thoroughly
hungry; he said he hadn't had a square
meal in a week and had subsisted on
snatches from free lunch counters.

«The warden heaped his plate with tur-
key and dressing and stood by to give
more.

“Have some pie,” said Lynch as he
transferred half a mince pie to the pris-
oner's plate.

“Thank ye,” responded the man.

“Have some chicken, Smoke. It’s fine,”
said the warden.

“Thank ye,” and the prisoner turned
his attention to that.

And eo it went on. The prisoner's
appetite was good, but he found its limit
while there was still an abundance of
good things left.

“Say, boss, let me go out for a minute
to find Hefty Maginnis? He can eat
more'n I can an’ has no turkey to-day.
He'll be glad to take six months for a
feed like this. Honest, I'll come back,”
said O'Grady. ,

The warden told him that only pris-
oners committed by the Court might
take part in the dinner, and furthermore
he wanted to inform O'Grady that his
time was up at 4 o'clock in the afternoon
and he would have to leave the prison
whether he liked to or not.

“I don’t get supper then?” said O'Grady
as he started in eating again.

At the Tombs every one of the 554
prisoners had a good dinner furnished
by the Department of Correction. Two
hundred pounds of turkey, 650 pounds
of chicken, two barrela of pork, two
barrels of apples and 300 mince pies were
served. One of the chaplain& sent in
oranges for the women and cigars for the
men.

Chaplain George Sanderson rigged up
a phonograph and everybody listened
to the “Stars and Stripes” and eleven
other tunes.

C. W. Morse, the convicted banker, had
a dinner sent in from a nearby restaurant.
Mrs. Morse and the two sons were with
him several hours.

EVELYN THAW AT MATTEAWAN.
Talke With Her Husband and Goes Away
With a Burst of Temper.

MattEawan, N. Y., Nov. 26.—Mre.
Evelyn Nesbit Thaw, accompanied by
her brother, Howard T. Nesbit, came to
Fishkill Landing this morning on the
11:2 New York Central train. Mrs.
Thaw was attired in a brown suit, with a
dark hat. She carried several bundles,
as did her brother. The two went to the
Riverview Hotel and telephoned to a
livery stable for a closed cab, as a violent
snowstorm was raging at the time.

Arriving at the hoepital Mrs. Evelyn
eent her card to Harry Thaw, who having
no knowledge of her coming was dum-
founded when he walked into the recep-
tion room and saw his wife confronting
him. Thaw was so astonished that he
could only ejaculate, “You here, Evelyn?”
The only answer was “Yes, I'm here,
Harry.”

The two conversed for some time, and
in the midst of their talk Mrs. Mary C.
Thaw and her maid arrived, laden with
the usual bundles of good things for
Harry. The elder Mrs, Thaw was natu-
rally as much astonished as her son to
see Evelyn at the asylum. The three
engaged in an earnest talk for about
half an hour, however. Its result was ap-
parently very unsatisfactory to Evelyn,
for at its conclusion she arose from her
chair in anger and said: “I shall never
come to see you again.” She left the
asylum immediately and was driven to
the New York Central station at Fish-
kill Landing in time to catch the 3:22 train
for New York. ,

To-night a reporter interviewed Mra.
Mary ©. Thaw. All that she would say
in response to the queries,’ however,
was simply: “I have absolutely nothing
to say.”

During her stay in town Evelyn visited
a certain hotel and inquired of its pro-
prietor; “Have | ever committed any
improper actions in your hotel?” The
answer was in the negative.

 

of

COL. ASTOR ENTERTAINS.

Also Turns His Yacht Over to Miss Colton
fora Party— Starts Home To-day.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,

San Juan, P. R., Nov. 25.-Col. John
Jacob Astor, who arrived here early
last week on his yacht Nourmahal, bas
entertained Gov. Colton and others
aboard the yacht, and several banquets
in his honor have been given ashore.

Yesterday Col. Astor turned the Nour-
mahal over to Miss Margery Colton,
the Governor's sister, who entertained
sevoral prominent persons Col. Astor
to-night attended a Thanksgiving ball
at the Union Club

He expects to sail to-morrow and
will perhaps touch at Hayti and fiiba
He will disembark at Jacksonville, Fla,
whence a special car will convey him
to New York. He has ordered a box
reserved at the Metropolitan Opera
House for the night of his arrival

Everybody on the Nourmahal is en-
joying good health. The Nourmahal
encountered the recent hurricane which
swept over the West Indies after she
left Kingston, Jamaica, and sustained
some damage, but nothing of consequence,
from the heavy pounding of the seas

 

a

 

WAY TO AVOID TAXATION.

 

 

Have Land Held for Speculation
as for Cemetery Purposes.

Committees representing various parte
of the Borough of Queens will appear
before the Board of Aldermen at the hear-
ing set for Friday of next week to protest
against a new cemetery projec?

The site selected is a big stretch of
ground in the best section of Spring-
field, beyond Jamaica. It is said that
a number of Tammany politicians are
interested in the project,among them the
Sullivans. The scheme was defeated
a year ago, but another effort is to be
made this year to get authority from the}
Board of Aldermen to go on with it.

Residents of Queens say that the bor- |
ough already has too many cemeteries.
One-seventh of the area of the old town
of Newton, now the Second ward of
Queens, is given over to cemetery pur-
poses and is exempt from taxation.
Should the big area in Springfield be
designated for cemetery purposes it
would escape taxation even if never used
for. those purposes, Its projectors could
atany time put it back into the real estate

 

 

COLER WANTS TO BE TRIED.

Says He Ought to Be Removed or Ac-
quitted, Not Left tn the Air.

Bird 8. Coler, a report on whose adminia-
tration of the Borough Presidency of
Brooklyn was submitted to the Mayor
last Tuesday by the Commissioners of
Accounts, got back to New York yvester-
day from a trip to North Carolina and
got to work right away to prepare a
counter statement for the newspapers.
He said al! the faults of his office had
been made too much of,

“If these charges are true,” ran the
statement, “I should be removed from
office before the expiration of my term.
If they are false they should be so de-
clared officially. Every little fault of
every one connected with my administra-
tion has been magnified. It should not
be heid that there is not sufficient time

 

 

in ten days. I shall use every means | Madrid Hears That Sir Maurice William
possible to have ittried. [have nodoubt Ernest de Bunsen Will Succeed Him.

that if all the evidence should be laid Speciat Cable Despatch to Tat SUN. |
before a disinterested Judge it would Mapnip, Nov. 25.--It is said in dip-
be shown that the charges are not war- | lomatic circles here that Sir Maurice
ranted by the facts.” | William it de Buneoen, the British
Am to Spain, will shortly succeed

, James Bryce

osibha hanes task ter eaagd gg | te on Aeeeeee

 

   

 

     
   
  
  

ash

Call

 
 
 
 

2
fe,

edntie 2. Ce > i :

 

apew ©
iy s

  

os

ae

Rooseve!t he used the umbrella as a shield, |

     

       

1908, 6

 

|WANT

INSURGENTS ANXIOUS ABOUT
HIS ATTITUDE TOWARD THEM.

 

 

House Insurgents Seem Determined to
Centinue the Fight on Cannen—The
Senate Insurgents Say They Will

Keep the Old Leaders on the Run.

| Wassincten, Nov. 25.—Republican
| insurgents who are arriving in Washing-
| ton want to know just as soon as possible

what position President Taft intends
| to assume toward the contest to be waged
| this winter on the léadership of Senator
| Aldrich and Speaker Cannon. The House
insurgenta are determined apparently
to continue the fight on Mr. Cannon,
while Senator Cummins of Iowa, La
Follette of Wisconsin and Bristow of
Kansas declare that in the Senate the
; old leadership will be kept\on the run.
| President Taft's attitude toward House

and Senate insurgents is represented
| to be substantially as follows:

The Presiden‘, will not interfere unless
jthe taotios of the insurgents menace
| the legislative programme which he will
}submit to Congress next month. In
— meesage he will recommend changes
jin the interstate commerce law and
|the Sherman anti-trust act, a9 well as
ithe passage of a bill making appropri-
jations to encourage the upbuilding of

the American merchant marine. He

| will suggest other legislation, but as
things stand now the three measures
indicated will have prominence in his
message and Mr.Taft is hopeful of getting
action on them before adjournment.
He will take no hand in the factional
rows within the party in the Senate and
the House unless he is forced to do so.
He will not countenance any controversy
that threatens to defer the enactment
of legisiation that he regards as desir-
able in the interests of the general wel-
fare of the country.

President Taft is noted as a harmonizer,
but he found it impossible to harmonize
the warring forces in his party when the
tariff bill was up for consideration last
summer. Seven Republican Senators
and eighteen Republican Representatives
voted against the Aldrich-Payne act, and
the measure was forced through the
House only with the assistance of certain
insurgents whom the President was able
to hold in line. In speeches recently
delivered Mr. Cannon has defied the
insurgents to do their worst, and Senator
Cummins has added fuel to the flames of
controversy by urging the insurgents
to go after the Cannon organization this
winter with renewed vigor. There will
be a hot time in the House at this session,
and more or lees excitement in the Senate.

Observers here believe that ultimately
President Taft inay be forced to show
his hand as between the insurgents and
the regulars. uring the special session
last summer he relied on Mr. Aldrich to
pilot the tariff bill in the Senate, and in
his dealings with the House he conferred
with the insurgents as well as the regulars.
No doubt is entertained here that the
House organization will bend every effort
to win the support of the President.

Friends of Mr. Cannon expect the Presi-
dent to side with the Speaker. The in-
surgents look toward the White House
with anxious eye and some of their leaders
declare that it will not surprise them
if the Administration extends its support
to the organization in the Senate as well
as that in the House.

There is one phase of the situation that
should not be overlooked. A majority
of the insurgents and practically all the
regulars are in hearty sympathy with
most of the legislation that it is known
the President will propose. Unless come
plications develop, therefore, it is possi-
ble that the row of the insurgents and
regulars may be carried on without em-
broiling the Administration,

Speaker Cannon wil) arrive here early
next week. Judging from his activity
out West he is full of vim and vigor and
prepared to battle with his enemies to
the end,

 

 

NO PIE FOR THE WHITE HOUSE.

The Monster One Which Newark Makers
Concocted Didn't Arrive.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.~ Perhaps it was
the fault of some villainous common car-
rier, or maybe it was due to Capt. Archi-
bald W. Butt, the President's aid, but
at any rate late to-night it became known
positively that the monster pie which the
bakers of Newark concocted to tickle
the palate of Mr. Taft had not arrived in
the capital, although its departure from
Newark, where it was baked, was chroni-
cled in newspapers all over the country.

All day long the White House looked
for that pie. From the doorkeepers to
the President himself everybody was cn
the qui vive. The Secret Service men
were on the lookout. The morning passed
slowly. President Taft came~eut of the
Executive offices to enter his automobile
to hurry to St. Patrick’s Church. As he
passed he called to the White House news-
paper writers: “Waiting for the pie? it's
all a fake.”

Still Washington waited and watched
Hours paseed and the President went to
walk with Attorney-General Wicker-
sham, Gen. Clarence R. Edwards and
Capt, Butt, The White House phone
kept ringing and the secretaries kept in-
forming those who called fhat no pie
had appeared on the Presidential horizon.
At last late to-night it was announced
finally that the pie had not arrived and
no word had been heard of it

 

 

 

TIP TO THE BEAUTEOUS NURSE.

 

Don't Marry the Dovtor; He's Poor: Nor
the First Patient; Next May Be Better.
full

Nineteen Hledged .nursos were
graduated from the German Hospital
Training School, Seventy-sixith street

apd Park avenue, yesterday afternoon
Addresses wero made by August Zinsser,
president of the hgspital; Dr. 0. G. 17.
Kiliani, president of the Medical Board,
and Sister Sybil Koeller of the gradu-
ating class. Dr. Kiliani in his address |
said to the beauteous nurses:

“Don't marry doctors; they're a pear!
lot. And don’t marry your first patient,
because you may get a better chance
“Aher M. oeser hed életeibated: she
‘ r. nseer st t

toa was served in the sclariun
Cea ns
ia

  
 
 
  
 

and in the evauing & f

vy the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

TAFT TO SHOW HIS HAND

;

 

PLAYER HURT.

Virginia Institute Cadet Suffering From
Concassion of the Brain.

LyNcuBuRG, Va., Nov. 25.—Cadet Fred
Webster, eentre of the Virginia Military
Institute footiall eleven, was seriously
injured in the annual game with Davidson
College here to-day.

To-night three physicians say he has
concussion of the brain. The extent of
his hurt, however, cannot be known be-
fore to-morrow.

Webster passed the ball for an end run
around Davidson's right and it is hard
to explain or understand how he was in-
jured in the scrimmage which stopped
the ball, leaving it stilt in pogsession of
Webster's team.

When he did not rise he was helped from
the field, crying frantically that he was
allright. It was evident that he was not,
for hie neck became limp and he could
not support his head.

Webster is from Missoula, Mont.

' FOOTBALL

 

 

WICKERSHAM WROTE IT,

 

And Acknowledged It After Tracewell
Said lis Author Was a Damn Fool.

WasHINOTON, Nov. 25.—-Attorney-Gen-
eral Wickersham is winning a reputation
for good nature. A few days ago Robert
J. Tracewell, the Comptroller of the
Treasury, an officer who is the final ar-
biter of all questions involving the pay-
ment of money out of the Treasury,
marched into the Attorney-General’s
office.

“Mr. Wickersham,” said Mr. Tracewell,
“I have called to say that some damn
fool in the Department of Justice has
given an opinion here that is all wrong

| and°for which there is no precedent.”

Mr. Wickersham took the typewritten
copy of the opinion in bis hands, and
as he perused it his face took on a grim
smile. °

“Oh, I see,” he remarked slowly.
am the damn fool who wrote it.”

And the story goes that the Attorney-
General was so much impressed with the
Comptroller's views that he modified
the opinion.

  
    
   
  
 
  
  
  
  

7

LYMAN J. GAGE WEDS.
Former Secretary Takes for His Bride
a Widew of 35.

San DrrGo, Cal., Nov. 25.—Ex-Seore-
tary of the Treasury Lyman Judson
age and Mrs.-Frances Ada Ballou were
married to-night at 8 o'clock at the
Coronado home of the bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. George M. Ballou.

The marriage license which was issued

and the bridegroom's 73.

The wedding was private. Only the
parents of the bride and the attendants,
Miss Helene Richards and Mr. Gage's
brother-in-law, Col. Wesley Brainerd,
witnessed the ceremony, which was per-
formed by the Rev. Willard B. Thorpe,
pastor of the First Congregational Church
of San Diego ~

After a wedding supper Mr. and Mrs.
Gage left on the ow! train for Denver.
They will be entertained in that city
at a number of social affairs. From
Denver they will go to Chicago, thence
to New York and Washington, where
the entertaining will be lavish, as Mr.
Gage's high position as former Secretary
of the Treasury made him a host of friends.

After leaving Washington they will
return to New York, where they will make
their headquarters, going from there to
visit some of the most prominent finan-
ciers in the country who are intimate
friends of Mr. Gage.

835,500 Ne ok RAISED.
Rector of Holy Trinity Finds Cancetied
Merigagce in Contribution Plate.

Before yesterday's service at Holy
Trinity Fpiscopal Church, Lenox avenue
and 122d street, it was announced to the
Rev. Dr. Harry P. Nicho's, the rector,
that a cancelled mortgage for $35,500 was
to be put on the offertory plate. Fifteen
members of the congregation had raised
the sum in the last ten days.

“This is what has so long troubled us,”
said the rector, lifting the cancelled
mortgage froin the plate that the congre-
gation might see it.

The church building was erected twenty
years ago. There was a morgage of
$225,000. which ten years ago had been
reduced to $150,000, and under the leader-
ship of Dr. Nichols in the last ten years to
the $35.000, which was paid off last
Tuesday

After yesterday's service Bishop Greer,
notified of the turn of atairs, sent his
congratulations to the rector and con-
gregation. The building now will be
consecrated. »

FEARS BARGES ARE LOST.

 

Boats With Crews
in Gale.

Newport, Nov. 25.--The tug Patience,
Capt. George Willing, arrived here this
afternoon with the coal laden barge
Xemberton, the barge being disabled and
without her rudder asa result of tho gale
that has swept the coast since early on
Tuesday.

Two other barges which were in tow
of the Patience, the Conawago, with
a crew of five men, and the FE. W. Stetson,
with four men, are missing, though it

Two Coal Adrift

is thought here that they are somewhere | tiveness of the blockade of that

in the vicinity of Montauk Point.

When the gale struck the tow with
full force late on Tuesday the barges
broke adrift and Capt. Willing spent
some time trying to pick them up. He
finally succeeded in getting the Xem-
berton and towed her broadside on into
Newport harbor

Capt. Willing expressed fear that the
other barges might have been lost. He
intended to make a searoh, however,
and after anchoring the Xemberton
started tosea again.

 

s
FERDINAND VISITS PETER.

Cordial Reception in Belgrade —-Revives
Talk of Triple Alliance in Balkans.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

BELGRADB, Nov. 26.—Czar Ferdinand

|of Bulgaria arrived here this afternoon,

King Peter, Crown Prince Alexander and
Foreign Minister Milovanovitch met him
at the railway station and gave him a
hearty welcome. The Czar and King
drove from the station to the palace. The
people along the route greeted them cor.

Faipar, Novemser 26, 1000. .
Fair to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow; .
northwest to north une, becoming

 

yesterday gives the bride's age as 35 | foreign governments are up.

  
  
   
 

 
 
 

,

 
   

varia

 

 

J

  
 

   
  
 
     
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
     
          
  
   
  
    
  
 
      
   
  
  
    
      
    
    
   
   
   
  
  
    
    

ee
PRICE TWO CENTS.
/MANAGUA A PLACE OF HORROR

ha wlag
|\EVEN DIPLOMATS’ DESPATCH&S
INSPECTED BY ZELAYA,

     

 

 

Jails Overcrowded and Martial Law i

Full Force—Reports That Americans
| Put to Death Were Not Laying Mtmes’
!

and Zelaya Didn't Tell the Trath

¥
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUNY |

Panama, Nov. 25.—Letters that were
written at Managua and smuggled on.
board a steamer at Corinto arrived.
here to-day bringing the first authentio)
and trustworthy news from the capls)
tal of Nicaragua that has reached here
in several days. ar

The | say that the situation- et
Managua\ is chaotic beyond eee k
President Zelaya -has surrounded .
self with a strong guard of picked loys —
alists and the Presid@ptial palace ia , .
fortress. Martial law is enforced with.
a rigorous hand and all shops are closed)
at sunset. ‘Sonn

Crowds that gather on the streets ate
dispersed with bayonets. Hundreds @f
men suspected of sympathizing with
the revolutionists have been arrested
and thrown into prison. The jaile’)
overflowing and many prisoners ¢
being, guarded in other buildings. — yi
is impossible to communicate with the
outside world from Managua either |
mail or telegraph except by f

r

 

of the Government, and lately that
mission has not been given to any

All mail deposited in the
post office is opened and
the Government and as a
confiscated. No mail arriving at
is delivered until it has been
the censor, and if it contains the
reference to the revolution it is
No foreign newspapers are
enter the country and all copies that.
into the hands of Zelaya's officials,
burned. No newspapers have be
livered through the Managua poat_
since the revolution broke out. oyetee

The telegraph office is under the game -
plete contrpl-of Zelaya, and no
cam te take wales tae SAU 0
When a message is filed ut the
office it is immediately sent te the
dentia! palace for Zelaya’s inspection. _..

Even the messages filed by the dipla-
matic and consular tatives of;

of them is allowed to be forwarded by the,
telegraph office unless Zelaya gives \
consent.
Foreigners at Managua are '
for the necessities of life, and their situa--
tion is serious. Jen
One of the letters received here closes:
“We are praying that God will ~—<—
some foreign Power to intervene in th
name of humanity and put an end to the.
anarchistic conditions that exist ty
Nicaragua.” :
BLUEFIELDS, Nicaragua, Nov. 26.—By-
wireless to Colon,—It is learned from @ |
trustworthy source that Leonard W, »>
Groce and Leroy Cannon, the two Ameri~
cans who were shot by order of ao
Zelaya, were not captured while j
mines in the San Juan River, as Zelaya
asserted, but were with Gen. e
the insurgent commander, and ait ct
taken prisoners during a fight near Cola.
rado Junction. ahs
The shooting of Cannon and Groce
has caused great indignation here. « i
The captain of a vessel from Greytown
who visited Provisional President Estrada
yesterday says that Gen. Chamérre’s”
blockade of that port is effective. A
heayy sea is running and this alone would -
prevent the escape of the Zelayan
cooped up in Greytown by se2, should ©
they attampt to get out of the town in
that way. Provisions are extremely.
scarce in the beleiguered city and it fe.
expected that the Zelayans wil) soo
be compelled to capitulate. np
The British cruiser Scylla, Which arrived -
here on last Sunday, sailed to-day. Her
commender paid an official visit to Pros
visional President Estrada yesterday.
Two hundred deserters from the Zelayan
force east of Rama joined Gen. Estrads
yesterday. They were in a famished
condition. tae
It is said here that the United States
has, or shortly will, recognize the
surgents as belligerents .
tensified the enthusiasm. Volunteers
from the plantations and gold mines
are eagerly offering their services t

Estrada.
25.—Commander

t

WASHINGTON, Nov.
John H. Shipley, U. 8. N.,
the cruiser Des Moines, which recently |
visited Greytown, has sent a report to
the Navy Department on the pending %
revolution in Nicaragua. The revolu«
tionists, he said, wre gaining
and the revolution was spreading.

An officer from the Des Moines,
said, landed at Greytown and found
one American there. American
were being protected. The revolutioniete
were in control of the country back from
the Atlantic coast of Nicaragua, ineluds
ing the town of Rama, where decisive
fighting was likely to occur

The Des Moines was ordered to
town from Colon to ascertain the

oa

a

:

¥
.

i

-

i

i

maintained by the revolutionary ;
The blockade, Commander &h .
ported, was effective. Two —
gunboats were patrolling the coast
Greytown. They bombarded the city
on November 28 without effect. A foree
of about 1,000 Nicaraguan troops under.
Gen. Toledo are besieged at Greytown, |
Foreign interests were being protected,.. |
Sefior Moreira, Under Secretary of
State of the provisional government,
sent a telegram ‘to the State Depart”
ment to-day, under date of Bluefields,
November 24, saying that the execution.
of the two Americans, ‘een! acne
and Leroy Cannon, was illegal je
ing to Article 742 of the military ortif-
nances. The Department, however, will
not reply to this telegram. It would be
improper to communicate officially with
the provisional government before it
had been recognized. ws
The State Department has renewed: its
efforts to obgain Information from~the~
American consular representatives. in
Nicaragua tending to show the-
status of the two Americans when

mens geaires iF.

i

 
 

i
i

    
     
    
   
    
     
   
      
    

  

      
    
  
  
 
 

  
    
 

      
 
  
 
   

ee ey