NOVEMBER 26.
) PROOF

Poe?

‘THE SUN, FRIDAY.

THAT JRWS ARE BRAVE: WARRINER HAS TURKEY.

Mrs. Ford Back From Hunt for Evidence |
| in Chicago |

Crncrxnatt, Nov. 25.—Attorney William,
Thorndyke to-day denied absolutely that |
* |Mre. Jeanette Ford had made a secret ,
trip to Chicago a few nights ago to see

Cook, whose name has heen

jmentioned in connection with the C. Li
Warriner embezzlement case and in the
Ford case which has grown out of the

HERE is no suc-| LOCK OF WISE MEN COMING

cessful business that) py sroRrans, ECONOMISTS AND
can not be made more| sUCH IN CONGRESS HERE.

successful by adver-

es

‘with the revolutionary forces, If they
Were cooperating with the insurgents they
‘were entitled, according to the view taken
by the Department, to treatment as pris-
ore of war under the usual rules of in-
ternational law. If, however, they were |
g independently of the revolutioniste
their execution could be justified on the
ground that they had engaged in a plot
against the Nicaraguan Government.
Telegrams of inquiry to ascertain this

—- President Taft Will Welcome the Members
tising.
tnformation were sent late last Sunday |
ae the conference at the White

CHELTENHAM:

—Ameritcan and Foreign Scholars
of State Knox and Henry M. Hoyt, coun- | Advertising Service

to Tackle More Than 100 Topics.

Arrangements have been concluded
selior of the Department and Mr. Knox's |
right hand man in diplomatic affairs. So

FTER the dentist has re-
paired :the damage your
teeth have suffered through
neglect, the daily use of

VALOR IN WAR IS REHEARSED
AT VETERANS’ DINNER.

First Soldiér to Die at Maniia and First
Sailor in the Spanish War Were He-
brews, Says a Speaker—Straus Not
to Be Seared in Tuberculosis Fight.

Warriner case

* There were gay army uniforms scat-| He did not deny that he and Mrs, Ford |
tered all over the banquet hall of the |were in Chicago on matters connected |

, Fifty-ei t| with her defence. “You say posi-
Palm Garden in East Fifty-eighth stree' it \ Mi

PERFECT
last night when about three hundred and | Feed however,” he said,

has not seen Cook or had any com- |
j fifty members and women guests of the monlention whatever with him since this! i ooth f owder
Mrs. Ford's case is |

Hebrew Veterans of the War With Spain | gage has. come up.

|
|
|

| after a year’s preparation for the largest
convention of scholars in economics,
history, sociology and allied branches
150 Fifth Av., New York, (Tet. 4g00 Chelsea) | of learning that has been held in the
United States, to take place in this city

A mark of distinction

r

far no replies have been received. The
delay has been attributed by officers of
the Department to interruptions to the
telegraph lines in Nicaragua.

The Western Union Telegraph Company
gant this notice to the State Department
to-day:

“During the present interruption of
the Nicaraguan land lines it is possible
to Bend traffic for certain parts of Nica-

and Costa Rica via wireless from

. This service is not continuous

and there was no communication between

Tuesday afternoon and Thursday morn-

Ing and no guarantee as to accuracy
or speed.”

In view of the demoralization of the
land lines in Nicaragua the officers of the
Gtate Department are making use of
the navy wireless system to get into

-) /}eommunication with the Consuls in Nic-

ie

a

» ig control of President Zelaya, who has

efagua who are in a position to ob-
,tain this information. The Department
Officials hardly hope to get a reply to
their telegrams sent to Henry Caldera.
the. American Vice-Consul at Managua,
because the telegraph station there is

im the past been known to tamper with

‘the official despatches of the United

” and who probably would do so

if such action suited his purpose.

is believed that the desired information
be obtained within a few days.

| What action will be taken by the United

tes toward demanding reparation

President Zelaya depends largely

@n the replies received from the American

lar representatives. If the present

vestigation shows that Cannon and

r were engaged in a plot todynamite

ment troopships independent of

revolutionists it is probable that Sec-

Knox will not be able to predicate

action against Zelaya so much on the

execution of the two Americans

upon the alleged repeated and flagrant

tions by President Zelaya of the con-

ions of the Central American peace

erence held in Washington about two
ago. ;

If, however, it is found they were co-

ting with the insurgents, Secretary

x, it is understood, will take the posi-

that they were entitled to treatment

prisoners of war. In this event the

ited States will be able to regard the

tion of the two Americans as one of

main reasons for taking drastic and

te steps to demand reparation

President Zelaya.
| Secretary Knox has taken every

step

Re ry for the protection of the lives
wa property of American citizens, and

a

i present delay in bringing the crisis

a head will not in any way prejudice

case of the United States against

mt Zelaya or interfere with the

tions of the revolutionists against

Nicaraguan Government.

| Officials of the Department hope that

the present lull in the matter will enable

inpurgents to recruit their forces

amd more thoroughly equip their army

with arms and ammunition. So far

the insurgent forces in Nicaragua have

een carrying out their campaign against

Zelaya in a deliberate and cautious

manner and have avoided a decisive

le. Only one important engagement

taken place, and the revolutionista,

is believed here, desire to strengthen

their position as much as possible before
a more aggressive campaign.

{ As soon as the information which

Knox is awaiting reaches the

Department it is probable that

iate action will be taken. The

ment is more anxious to eliminate

ya from Central American politics

to obtain reparation from him for

execution of the two Americans.

has been regarded by the Depart-

t as a mischief maker and he has

been charged with responsibility for most

rid the political disorder and revolutions
in neighboring republies in recent years,

Zelaya has been credited with a desire

wreck the Central American Court of

ustice at Cartago, Costa Rica, because it

ered a decision adverse to Nicaragua

this effort, however, he was prevente l

the United Statesand Mexico. During

present revolution his troops invaded

ta Rican territory in order to obtain a

etragetic posilion in operating

net the insurgents. The President of

Rica protested to Nicaragua and

ya apologized for the action of his

ps.

| Ac@odrding to the view taken at the State
meat Zelaya’s apology to Costa
is hardly sufficient reparation for

the invasion of Costa Rican territory, by

Which the Nicaraguan troops gained a

: _— advantage over the revolution-

) Mexico and the United States are co-
ting in handling the present situa-
tion in Central America. While of course
execution of the two Americans is a
tter which will be entirely managed by
the United States, the other phases of the
Central American situation, such as the
alleged repeated violations of the Wash-
. imgton conventions by Zelaya, will prob-
ably be settled by the joint action of the
United States and Mexico.

Two years ago, at the instance of the
United States and Mexico, the Washing-
ton peace conference was called tp) put an
end to civil and political disorders in Cén-
tral America. If any action is taken to-
ward enforcing the conventions adopted
at that conference or punishing President
Zelaya for alleged violations of those con-
ventions the United States and Mexico
will cooperate.

INSURGENTS NEAR MANAGUA.

Bevolutionary Sympathizers Belleve Gen.
Saenz Is Close to Nicaragua's Capital.
Nzew Or.LeEans, Nov. 25.—Private cable
messages from Bluefields early to-day
say the reason Vice-Consul Caldera has
not replied to the State Department's
queries concerning the killing of the two
Americans Groce and Cannon is because
the insurgents are encamped about
Managua and already have control of
the cable station at San Juan del Sur.
New Orleans has received no confirma-
tion of this report except that Gen.
Gorman Saenz with his army of Nicar-
. who has been exiled to Honduras
and Salavador, reentered Zelayas re-
biic early in the week and captured
m and Chinadega, two of the most
important towns on the Pacific side of
the republic. Managua is within striking
distance of either town.
The state of mind of the populace of the

capital would make possible a sharp | would

j to spend $750,000 on the Central Branch

attack by rebels that would give them
control of the situation without much
fighting. Rebel sympathizers here thie
morning believe Managua has fallen.

The insurgents here believe that Gen.
| Saenz with his army of exiles is in complete
| control of Nicaragua's Pacific coast. ith
| the capture of Chinadega and Leon the ad-
vance to the capital could have been easiy
accomplished, and it is declared that if
Saenz did atrike at Managua his army
would have been met by insurgent sym-
pathizers within the capital who would
strike at Zalaya the noment the advanc-
ing army fired a shot.

Zelaya agents here in the absence of
positive confirmation of a_ rebel victory
at Managua oling to the belief that Saenz
has been captured by Government forces
who put out from Managua and attacked
the rebels at Leon, retaking that town.

WILL IMPROVE WANSAS LINE.

Missour! Pacific Agrees to Spend 6750,-
000 in 1910 to Avold Row With State,

Torrka, Kan., Nov. 25.—Gov. Stubbs
and Vice-President C. 8S. Clarke of the
Miesouri Pacific Railroad reached a com-
promise to-day with reference to improve-
mente on the Central Branch after a long
discuasion.

The Governor agreed not to ask for a
receiver if the company would promise

in 1910, lay 100 miles of new eighty-five
pound rails and 140 miles of rock ballast.

KILLED
Body

BY SUBWAY. TRAIN.

of Unidentified Man Found Near
Fourteenth Street

The motorman of a southbound local
subway train notified the station master
at Astor place yesterday morning that
he believed a man’s body was on the
track just south of the Fourteenth street
station. Interborough officials got Po-
liceman Meislahn of the Mercer street
station to accompany one of their em-
ployees along the track. They found
the body of a white man mangled beyond
identification. The body was removed
to the morgue.

The man wore a suit of black clothes
and white underwear, In one pocket
was a white handkerchief uninitialed
and in another a leather purse containing
$1.60. No hat was found. The station
men could not say whether the man was
a trackwalker or an outsider. They
looked for the pass and badge that should
have identified him had he been an em-
ployee, but did not find either.

The police arrested Howard F. Seaman
of 768 Westchester avenue, the motorman
in charge of the train that preceded the
one that reported the body. Seaman
said he did not know whether his train
had killed the man.

QUEER RAILROAD MISHAP

Leaves the Train in Four Sections as if
Bolted te the Ralls.
| Dover, N. J., Nov. 25.—Train schedules
on the Lackawanna went awry this morn-
ing asa result of a mishaptoa westbound
freight shortly after 5 o'clock about
midway between Mount Arlington and
Chester Junction
Something as yet unexplained happened
to the air hose, with the result that all the
airbrakes along the long train of between
fifty and sixty cars became set and the
sudden application of the emergency
brakes resulted in the pulling out of four
drawheads, leaving the train standing
in four parts as if bolted to the tracks.
It was 8 o'clock before the train was cou-
pled up and got out of the way. Mean-
| while the eastbound track had to accom-
| modate allthe wane, h was unusually
| heavy on account of the holiday.
| A train from Buffalo due at ver at
5:20 got here at 6:35, and all other trains,
bothj eastbound and westbound, were
correspondingly delayed.
saeenecaninl

| 4 LANDMARK GONE.

'
The

Old Hont House on Hunt's Point
Destroyed by Fire.

The old Hunt mansion on Hunt's Point,
built about seventy-five years ago, was
destroyed by fire early yesterday morn-
ing. For several years past the building
had been occupied by the United States
Life Saving Corps.

| A policeman discovered the fire and
jafter routing out the life savers turned
jim an alarm, The firemen couldn't get
their engine nearer than three-quarters
of a mile from the house. ‘Then they left
it and taking axes and a line of hose
walked across the hills, only to find that
there wasn't even a pump that they could

use, :

Somebody telephoned for a fireboat and
the Richard Lawrence started to the fire
from the foot of East 132d street. The
fireboat could not t near the house,
however, owing to shallow water, so the
firemen stood by and watched the build-
ing burn.

TWO LEAP TO DEATH.

Demented Man Plunges From Window
Sick Man, Delirious, Evades Nurses.

Cuicago, Nov. 25.--Two Chicagoans
met death to-day by leaping from windows
high above the ground while out of their
senses, one from illness, the other from
dementia.

The first victim was William F. McCor-
mick, a student at Moody Bible Institute,
who jumped from a third story window
while supposedly demented. He struck
the cement sidewalk and was crushed,
dying at Passavant Hospital soon after.

James Quinby, a victim of pneumonia,
leaped from a fourth story window of
the County Hospital while delirious and
broke his back, dying a few minutes later.

McCormick took the tragic leap while
nearly all the students were asleep. On
the night before he had wyitten and mailed
a letter to his mother in Uniontown, Pa.
He alsc told his roommate, J. L. Osborne,
that he would see him only a short time
longer.

e student had been atting gtrangely

} and officials of the institute had written

| to the young man's mother of his condi-

tion. She was ex ed to arrive in
Chicago to care for her son.

| COULDN'T TELL HIS OWN NAME.

| Clarence 8. Smith Put in Bellevue Ine
sane Pavilion.

A young man who was unable to give
his name or tell where he lived was found
wandering at Lexington avenue and
Forty-second street early yesterday

| moruing. He was taken to Bellevue and
placed in the insane pavilion. Last night
two Salvation Army women called at the

hospital and identified the youn
Clarence 8. Smith, 24 years old, of 182
Sixth avenue. They said that his father
that he

wae a civil engineer out West and
had a brother in Albany, to whom

from December 27 to 31. Representatives
of ten learned societies, numbering at
leaat 8,000 members, will come from all
parts of the country and will be weloomed
by President Taft, Gov. Hughes, Mayor
McClellan and other public officials. In
addition scholars from abroad will be
present, including James Brype, British
Ambassador to the United States; Henry
Higgs, representing the Royal Economic |
Society of England; Signor Pantaleoni, |
representing the economists of Italy, and i

More than thirty sessions will be held,

y the ten societies, at which topics of
history, economics, political ecience,
sociology, statistics and labor legislation
will be discussed. The American Historical
Association and the American Economic
Association have taken the lead in bring-
ing to New York city these learned bodies
on the occasion of their twenty-fifth
anniversaries. More than a hundred
topics are announced, each to be pre-
sented by a specialist.

Among the men who wil! give addresses
are President Davis R. Dewey. American
Economic Association; President Albert
Bushnell Hart, American Historical Asso-
ciation; President A. Lawrence Lowell,
American Political Science Association;
President Henry W..Farnam, American
Association for Labor Legislation; Presi-
dent W.G. Sumner, American Sociologica! |
Societv; acting President S. N. D. North, |
American Statistiod) Association; Presi-
dent John H_ Finley, American Social
Science Association; G. W. Prothero,
London; Eduard Meyer, Berlin; R. Alta-

1A
MARQUISE
CIGARETTES

of a “‘vintage”’

HOPES GERMANY WILL WIN

if it Comes to War With England—Thén
Ho! For an Irish Republic.

Mention of the name of John Redmond,
M. P. and leader of the Irish party in
Parliament, brought hisses last night at
a meeting in Cooper Union of the Clan-
na-gael in commemoration of the death
of the Manchester martyrs, Allen, Larkin
and O'Brien, in 1867. T. P. O'Connor
fared no better. In fact when he was
hissed O'Neill Ryan, who was speaking,
said “Do not hiss him, gentlemen, his fate
is sufficiently unpleasant already.”

Mr. Ryan saw that all the parliamen-
tary agitation on the part of the Irish
party was of no avail, and that Redmond
and O'Connor had failed signaliv iu the
promises they had made when they be-
_ coming over here years ago to ask
or funds with which to carry on the fight
for home rule. He said that Irishmen
would be satisfied only wiih absolute
freedom, an Jrish republic, and that in
time he thought they would have one.

“I am not praying for the precipitation |
of a war between England and Germany.”
said Mr. Ryan, “for as Sherman said ‘War
is hell’ but if that war does come I want
Germany to win. (‘Applause.| This is
said in part because f aman American,

mira, Spain; C. T. Colenbrander, Holland; }and in al) the great confMicts in which

Camille Enlart, Paris; EF Dana Durand, |
Director of the Census; Frana:in H Gid-
dings, Columbia University; W. 8S. Fergu-
son, Harvard University; Aibert G. heller,
Yale University; Julian P. Bretz, Cornell |
University; A. C. Howland, University
of Pennsylvania; Albion W. Small, Uni- |
versity of Chicago; Charies A. Ellwood, |
University of Missouri; R. F. Scholz,
University of California; Frederic L. |
Paxson, University of Michigan; Charles
M. Andrews, Johns Hopkins University;
H. E. Bourne, Western Keserve University; |
Frank Heywood Hodder University of |
Kansas; Kkdward § Meany, University of
Washington; Waldo G Leland, Carnegie
Institution; Pauf Diesernd, Library of
Congress, and Hon. W. L. Mackenzie,
Canadian Minister of Labor.

Un Monday, December 27, at 8 P. M.
at Carnegie Hall will come the citi-
zens’ meeting and official welcome to the
American Historical Association, Amer-
ican Economic Association and the
allied societies holding meetings in con-
nection wrth the anniversary. Joseph
H. Choate will be permanent chairman
of the meeting and addresses will be given
by President taft, Gov. Hughes, Mayor
McClelian and Dr. Nicholas Murray
Butler.

On Tuesday, December 28, meetings
will be heid py the various associations
at Columbia University and the New
lork Historical Society Building. A
luncheon will be tendered by Columbia
University to members of all the associa.
tions, and if the afternoon a reception
will be given. The features of luesday
evening will be a review of the work
of the historical societies of leading
Eur n nations and an anniversary
meeting of the American Economic Asso-
ciation.

On Wednesday, December 29, meetings
will centre at the Waldorf-Astoria. Meet-
ings of the American Historical Associa-
tion and American Economic Association
will be held in the morning. followed by a
breakfast and reception to foreign guests.
in the evening a reception and entertain-
ment with historical tableaux will be
given by the ladies’ reception committee.

On Thursday, Decem 30, important
meetings of all the societies will be held
at Columbia University, the Merchants
Association, the Chamber of Con merce,
the Metropolitan Life Building and the
VW aldorf.

On Thursday evening a reception will
be given in honor of toe American Hias-
torical Association and American Eco-
nomic Association by Mr. and Mrs. William
f\. Vanderbilt at their residence, 660
Fifth avenue.

On Friday, December 31, furtber meet-
ings will be held at Columbia University
and the Waldorf-Astoria, and a special
train will take the representatives of the
societies to West Poimt.

‘These meetings are being arranged by
a joint anniversary committee consistin
of William M. Sloane and Clarence w
Bowen for the American Historical Asso-
ciation and tdwin RK. A. Seligman and
Samuel McCune Lindsay for the American
Economic Association.

Reduced transportation rates are being
obtained. The headquarters of the anni-
versary celebration will be the Waldorf-

Astoria.
FELL DEAD AT MASS.
-_—-—
Heart Fallare After Walking Two Miles
in the Storm.

Warre Puiains, Nov. 25.—Patrick Short,
a contractor of Tuckahoe, fell dead this
morning at the celebration of the Thanks-
giving mase in the Church of the Im-
maculate Conception at that place.

The contractor walked two miles to
attend the services, making his way
through the siush and the blinding snow-
storm. Shortly after entering the church
he fell in his pew. Father McCormick
stopped the mass, and ushers hurried to
Mr. Short'’s assistance and carried him
out to the vestibule. He was dead when a
physician arrived. There was an auto
standing in front of the church and the
body was taken to his home. Coroner
Iles said that heart disease was the cause
of his death.

Mr. Short was 52 yearsold. He leaves a
widow and children,

St. Peter's $01h Anniversary.

In commemoration of the fiftieth anni-
versary of the founding of the parish of
St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church at
Hicks and Warren streets, Brooklfn, a
solemn high masse and the “Te Deum”
were sung yesterday morning. The Rev.
Michael A. Fitzgerald, rector of St.Peter's,
wae the celebrant, and his assistants were
the Rev. William K. Dwyer and the Rev.
Edward J. Donovan. The regular choir
was augmented by a chorus of forty

voices and a special programme of music
was interpreted.

The Rev. James Griffin, a member of
the Redemptorist Fathers, preached eulo-
geceeny of the good deeds of the late

‘ather Joppa Fransioli, who was the!
founder of the church.

Good Sicighing in Middietown, N. yY.

MIDDLETOWN, N. Y:, Nov. 25.—There
was good sleighing in Middletown and
vicinity to-day for the firat time on
Thanksgiving Day in eleven years, with
the thermometer standing at 23 degrees
above zero. A heavy snowfall and high
winds were blowing. The storm almost
reached the proportions of a blizzard.
The sleet storm of Wednesda: Thtrs-
day night left two inches of

a. . which

Sai ‘when covered
3 abo fat fol day,

bottom for
six
were many
parties, .

America has been engaged England has
been on the side of her enemies. [am an
American first and I want the Stars and
Stripes to float for freedom, not beside
the Union Jack. I also say this because |
am an Irishman's son

“So if a war does come may Germany
have the beat of it. We should keep our
hands off. If we owe neutrality for no |
other reason we do for our German citi- |
vens, who don't, as many of the British |
and Canadians do, make a fortune here
and then go home to spend it. England |
has been the dominant destructive power
in dealing with aliens who could not resist
her, and I gay let them fight it out and the
devil take the hindmost.”

Juatioe Ryan then turned to Congress-
man Michael F. Conry, cheirman of the
meeting, and said thet he thought it would
be the Congressman’'s duty to advocate
neutrality to the full extent of his power.

\

ROAR OF NIAGARA OUTDONE.

By What Eieat. Dunn Hears Over the
Phone—It Was Water, Swears Fogarty.

Lieut. Dunn of the East Fifty-first
street station was musing last night
over the fun he would have had if he
wasn't working when the telephone rang
and a voice said:

“Hello! This ia Sergt. Dan Fogarty.

Hell!” exclaimed the voice, and then
there was a roar over the phone that
sounded like seyen Niagaras.

At the other end of the wire a hose
which had been attached to a standpipe
beside a police phone at Forty-second |
street and Fifth avenue had been forced
off by a fifty pound water pressure and
the stream had hit Fogarty full in the
face. After that the hose twisted like
a snake and the stream played on three
horses attached to Engine ¢5. They
started up Fifth avenue and ran a block
before the driver could stop them.

In the meantime the horses of Truck 2,
excited by the engine horses, started
south. Before they could get up speed
a crowd of bystanders grabbed their
heads and with difficulty held them.

The tire was in the studio of Charles
Hallen, a theatrical photographer. Spon-
taneous combustion of some chemicals

was the only cause given, and the damage |

was placed at $500.
Sergt. Fogarty took a taxicab to the
station house and borrowed dry clothes.

COWE AND GET VOUR OVERCOAT

For #2, Said the Voice, and Clute Took
the Police With Him.

several persons living in the San Jacinto
apartinent house at 18 East Si xtieth
street have been robbed recently. Over-
coata were the principal things taken.
Yesterday Leon Clute, who lives in the
house, was told over the telephone that
if he would go to 332 West Thirty-sixth
street he would get information of his
missing goods. He went there and was
informed that he could buy the pawn-
ticket for his $75 overcoat for $2.

The place was a restaurant run by
Nathan Groner, and while talking to
Groner Clute recognized Harry Schwartz,
who used to work in the San Jacinto.
Clute had told the police about the tele-

phone speomaae, and two detectives were
not far behind him.

They arrested both Schwartz and
Groner, one charged with grand larceny
and the other with receiving stolen goods.

ROBRED AS SHE PRAYED.
One Woman Accuses Another of Lifting
a Handbag tn Church.

While kneeling in the Church of St
John the Baptist in East Seventy-sixth
street yesterday Mrs. Gertrude Bussie
saw a woman reach over the back of her
pew and then go out of the front door
Mrs. Bussie looked around and missed
her handbag, which contained a purse
and $3.°%, -She followed the woman |
and at the corner of Third avenue over-
took her. While the women were dis-

utiog two detectives came along and
Kire. ussie accused the woman of theft
She was arrested and taken to Police
Headouarters.

The bag and the pocketbook with the
money in it were found concealed beneath
the prisoner's raincoat. She said she|
was Annie Kelly, a_ servant employed |
at 34 West Fifty-fourth street. She}
was locked up.

| flag.
| of all the forei

gathered to dine and dance and celebrate
the tenth anniversary of the founding of
the ‘organization. There was martial
music to help the thrill and warlike talk
from Nathan Straus, who was the guest
of honor, and from the Rev. Father W.
H. I. Reaney, U. S. N., chaplain of the
Mississippi, who came over from Phila-
delphia for the dinner.

Mr. Straus's brief speech was an em-
phatic one;in which he aroused his hearers

to cheers by telling of the fight he intends | trate

to make toward stamping out tuberculosis
among the children and of the opposi-
tion he is receiving. Next to Mr. Straus
Father Reaney réceived the big applause
of the evening.

Col Maurice Simmons, commander of
the Department of New York of the Span-
ish War Veterans, who presided, told his
Jewish hearers that in the Philippines
“the boys—the Hebrew boys, anyway-—-
in the army and navy” always called
Father Reaney “the rabbi,” whereupon
there was much laughter and applause.

Mr. Straus and Father Reaney joined
in it, and so did the others at the guest
table: Col. E. B. Babbitt of the Ordnance
Department, now stationed at Sandy
Hook, who attended decked out in all his
gold lace; Isadore Freid, Maurice B.
Blumenthal,Col. 8. H. Mildenberg, Samuel
Strauss, publisher of the Globe; Henry
Sehwartz, Arnold E. Stern, Abraham
Lazarus and Charles N. Hoffman.

Gov. Hughes, Major-Gen. Wood, Jacob
Schiff and the Rev. Dr. J. L. Magnes also
had heen invited but previous engage-
ments, they wrote, prevented their being
present

Interesting statistics about the Jew
in the army a navy came out during
the dinner. Sergt. Morris J. Cohen
of Funston's regiment, for instance,
captured the first Filipino standard taken
by our troops, and was not forgotten
last night Neither were “Ber!in” Jacob
Wilbursky, killed in the first Rough
Rider skirmish; Ernest Suntznich, the
first American sailor killed in the Spanish
War, who fell at Cienfuegos; Sergt. ur-
ice Justh, the first American soldier to
fall in the attack on Manila. and the
fifteen Jewish sailors who went down
with the Maine. The Jewish saldiers
who distinguished themselves in every
war beginning with the Revolution would
take too long to recount here
_ “The one aim, in fact, of this organiza-
tion,” said Isadore Freid when presenting
Col. Simmons as toastmaster, “is to
refute the often sepenies fallacy that the
Jew will not fight for his country and the
There are statistics that prove that
; born volunteers of New
York the Jew furnished the largest pro-
portion,

“We are sectarian in just this far—that
we have organized merely with the single
aim to show that the Jew has been among
the best of our soldiers and sailors,” he

id.

Samuel Strauss, who spoke on the “Jew
in Contemporary Affairs,” talked of the
pacer of each other by the
Jew as well as the Gentile, and pleaded

There's a fire on the seventh floor of | with his hearers pot to try to sink their

the Bristol Building, 500 Fifth avenue! |

identity too much, but to give of their
best as Jews.

“America doesn't ask us all to be alike,”
said Mr. Strauss. “It says to its new
citizens: ‘Give us the best you have,
you who have had the best civilization
of which we have history and who have
had the best training in philosophy. The
Jew is now the equal of any other citizen.
Only prejudice remains, and our hope
that prejudice also will be stamped out
is the universal education in America.
As ignorance falls the prejudice will dis-
appear.”

Nathan Straus arose to rousing cheers
that lasted a full minute.

“I've suffered more opposition to my
work,” began Mr. Straus, “than I care
to go into here. re are recompenses,
however, such as the words of cheer
which [ have just heard from my com-
rade,” and the speaker turned grate-
fully toward Father Reaney and bowed
his acknowledgments of the plea the
priest had made to his audience to lend
their assistance and encoura ent to
Mr. Straus's fight against tuberculosis.
“You'd searcely believe the fight that
has been waged against my endeavors,
but a man wouldn't talk as Father Reaney
has just talked to you if he didn’t know
of the opposition I have met with.

“There are 40,000 children in this city
who have the seeds of consumption in
them, and these children can be cured.
And I tell you that as long as I have a
dollar left, as long as I breathe, Iam goin
to keep up that fight to save them, and J’
carry it on to success. [Prolonged ap-
plause |

“They've arrested men that I have put
in charge of my work. They've even
threstened me with incarceration, but

repeat I am in this fight with my
whole being and I'm going to keep it up
to the end.”

Father Reaney told of amusing experi-
ences in the war and aboard ship and
wound up with his plea for Mr. Straus’s
tuberculosis fight. The other speakers
were N. Taylor Phillips, Col. Mildenberg
and Mr. Blumenthal.

Two Boys Drowned While Hunting.

Hyannis, Mass., Nov. 26.—Liewellyn
Wright, aged 15, and Robert Doteridge
of Cotuit, aged 16, were drowned to-day
while on a gunning expedition. The
boys left Cotuit at daybreak in a flat
bottom skiff. When a mile from shore
the craft was capsized by a wave. A
fisherman picked up the boat and upon
righting it found the body of Wright
underneath it.

Football Player Badly Hart.

SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Nov. 25.—In the
Otterbein-Wittenberg game this after-
noon Quarterback Cole of the Wittenberg
eleven was seriously injured about the
head and spine. Late this evening he
regained consciousness, but his Evel. |
cians say it will be several days Be ore

his chances for recovery can deter-
mined.

qWe eudsest { a Private
Lithographed Check Book)
handsomely bound as a|

 

SUICIDE OF

His Body Found in a Hotel Several Days
After His Death.

Theodore Creamer, 35 years old, em-
ployed in the Building Department, a)
brother of Frank D. Creamer, former |
Sheriff of Kings county, was found dead
laat night in a room in Frank Clayton's
hotel, at Pearl and Willoughby streets, |
Brooklyn. His throat was cut and there)
was a razor beside the body on the bed. |

Creamer engaged the room on November |
9, telling the proprietor that as he did not |
wish to be disturbed he would make,
up the bed himself. He was seen last |
on @aturday. Because no one had seen
him come out of the room the door was
forced night. He had been dead
eoveral ys, according to a Coroner's

Frat D. Creamer, who’ lives at_ 683
Se. ’eavenue, was hot at home last
night. i

THEO. CREAMER.|

A pis)

A

Christmas @ift. |
|
|
|

Corks, Macy & Go.

STATIONERS

STORE, 40 John Street,
FACTORY: 441 Poarl Street
- —— - !

Music iton
SALE

|
'

5

op Mal

not dependent to any extent upon any

statements which may or may not he

made by Cook.”
Mrs. Ford's trip to Chicago in company
was le last Sunday |

with her attorne :
night. A ol automobile conveyed |
where,

them from her flat to a suburb
heavily veiled, she boarded the train
without being recognized. She returned
to Cincinnati again yesterday. It is said
|@he conferred with persons in Chicago |
who will testify in her defence.

Her case is set for hearing in Magis- |
Myers’s court on Monday. Mrs. |
‘ord is out on $2,500 bond. arriner
is still in jail in default of $20,000 bond.
A special tanned, turkey dinner
was sent to him by Mrs. Warriner.
THIRD AUTO VICTIM DEAD.
John Chadwick Received Fatal Injuries
When Car Struck a Tree.
Ho.yoke, Mases., Nov. 25.—Death
claimed the third victim of the West Spring-
field automobile smash when John Chad-
wick, aged 52, died at his home from in-
juries received in the wild ride down the
Riverdale road in the smal] hours of last
Thursday morning in the Perkins car.

The car struck a tree and M. Otto Drei-
korn was killed outright, while Arthur
Laliberte received injuries from which
he dieda few days later. Mr. Chadwiok
was not thought to be as seriously injured
as W. Reid, who is atill in a critigal
condition at the Springfield Hospital,
but his heart developed signs of weakness
and wae not equal to the strain put upon
it.

Death of Alderman Morris's Widow.

Charlotte Harrison Morris, widow of
John J. Morris, died yesterday at the
Hotel Beresford in her eightieth year.
Mrs. Morris was the daughter of Hiram
Harrison and was married in, 1861. Her
husband died in 1894. He was a Repub-
lican Alderman and Excise Commissioner
and the father of the dog pound ordi -
nance. He made a fortune as a retail
grocer in the Nonth ward * ants

OBITUARY.

Earle Harley Cowing, an engineer of
water works, well known in_ Boston, died
in Millinocket, Me., on Wednesday as
the result of injuries sustained in
the recent explosion in the_ Millinocket
Trust Company buildings. Mr. Cowins |
was ‘born in Concord July 10, 1853. e

from the Massachusetts
end =

was ua’
Institute of Toohheteny
took up water works engineering. He
made his home in Reading and was a mep-
ber of the water board of that town. e
was a member of the New pagiond Water
Works Association, Boston Society of Civil
Ep ineers, Boston City Club, xchan
lub, nomic Club, ston Yacht Ch
and Portland Yacht Club. He was a
tor of the Liberty Trust Company of
ton and of the Millinocket Trust Com-
pany. © was married in 1883 to Isabel P.
insmore, who, with one Congnter, Mar-
garet Emma Cowing, survives him.

Sister M. Henrietta, for nineteen years
connected with St. Joseph's Convent,
832 Pacific Street, Brooklyn, died yesterday
at the convent. She was born in roasiya,
the daughter of Bryan Duhigg, and her
papsioms) name was Marguerite Eliza-
beth. She received her education in the
on school of the Church of St. Mary's
mmaculate Conception, and she entered

. Joseph's immediately on graduation.

wo of her brothers are priests, the Rev.

Thomas A. Duhigg of St. John the Evange-
list and the Rev. William J. Duhigg of
the Church of Philip and James, at St. |
James, L. I.
* Auguste P. Montant died suddenly yester-
day at nie residence, 31 West Fiftieth street,
in bis fifty-third year. Mr. Montant was
a member of the firm of Stockton, Montant
& Co., commission merchants at 70 Fifth
avenue. He was born in Paris, and came
to this country with his parents at the age
of four years. e was formerly a member
of the Board of Education, and at the time
of his death was a trustee of the Bowery
Savings Bank. For nineteen years he wra
a member of the State militia, and he served
on Gen. Fitzgerald's . He is survived
by his wife, who was Miss Hannah M.
‘Townsend, and two children, Mrs. Hunting-
ton Norton and Louis T. Montant.

Charles Meyer Brinkerhoff died vester-
day at St. Vincent's Hospital, to which he
had been removed from his residence, 231
West Eleventh street. Mr. Brinkerhoff |
was born in this city in 1852 and went to the |
Grove street school, of which his father
was principal. He was a Republican and
Eprotesee Postmaster Fdward M. Morgan
Be was a clerk in the fi Asche |

ss

trm of C. H.

Co., Custom House brokers at 21 State |
street. He ia survived by a brother.

M. D. Bulkley, for many years comp- |
troller of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad |
in. Baltimore and prominent in financial
affairs, died at his home yesterday morn-
ing. He was 80 years old, and up until
a few months ago enjoyed the best of
health. At that time he was forced to bed |

by the infirmities of age, and death was | -

due to that cause.

Ethan Allen Cheatham died vesterday at |
his home, 167 Fourth street, Jersey City,
at the age of 4%. He was agent in charee
of the United States Express Company's
office in Twenty-first street, Manhattan
He had been in the employ of the company
for thirty yeurs. He leaves a widow and |
two children

Capt. Edward P. Allen, a former mem- |
ber of Congress trom Michigan, died in |
Detroit yesterday of apoplexy He was
born in Sharon, Mich, in 1839, and had}
been n soldier, legisiator, Federal, State
and city official.

ae
wy ae

BASS ALE

FINEST BOTTLED ALE
IN THE WORLD

EMPTY WHITE LABEL GOTTLES REDEEMED

Pints at 15c. a doz. Splits at 12c. a doz.

THOMAS McMULLEN & CO.
Sth Avenue & 42nd Street, N. ¥.

affe Gv Snor.

ANNOUNCE A NEW GALLERY |
AT 1 EAST 46th STREET
571 Fifth Ave.—-Windsor Arcade |
= ne amenve An-|
tiques, Reproductions,

Period Furniture,

Sheffield Plate, Italian

Terra Cottas, English,

French and Roman

Mirrors, Sconces ev]

Decorative Objects’

comprise theCollection.

An exceptional cerenenny is afforded
to select unique and unusual for
wedding presents and holiday gifts.
These may be obtained at moderate

D. A. CBLLA
Rast 46th

95

se
aa

Street

will cleanse, preserve and
beautify them, without in.
j and impart purity

jury,
and fragrance to the breath,

ole year

round produci
‘the en's eae
Boys’ garments
that

big store. Here
under one roof
you'll find over
three hundred different
oe in Winter
uits in so Many varia-
tions of the different
sizes, that pleasing the
hard-to-please and fit-
ting men who think
they're hard to fit has
ceased to be a novelty

with us.

Wioter Sack Suits, . . . $38 to $48
‘Winter Overceats, . + $18 to $75

ESTAB. OVER HALF A CENTURY

THE EQUITABLE
TRUST CO.
OF NEW YORK

CAPITAL, $3,000,000

Surplus and Undivided Profits,
$11,000,000

ALVIN W. KRECH, President
15 Nassau Street :
LAWRENCE L. GILLESPIE, Vice-Pres,
618 Fifth Ave., near 50th St

Checking Accounts with Interest
Trustee, Guardian, Executor, Adminis

tration of Estates
Foreign Exchange, Letters of Credit
Safe Deposit Vaults

Park & Tilford
Candies

satisfy everyone, because. of
a delicious ‘‘individuality”
which is appealing and
distinctive.

Sold by dealers as well as in our stores,

TST rea ia nn mccain re Same Ra He ts Rents? ime bacenaery ceme stee mene TH

DIED,

—_—-

BARNES.—On November 24, 1900, at New Have,
Conn., Esther Clarissa Post, widow af
Eli Henry Barnes, in the 76th year of Ber
age.

Funeral services will be held at her late res-
dence, 239 Edward st., New Haven, on Friday
afternoon at half past 2 o'clock. Friends are
invited to attend. Mrs. Barnes is survived OF
Mrs. Sidney Hosmer of Boston and Mr. Byard
Barnes of New Haven.

BLOCKER.--On November 23, Harriet Biockét,
aged 50 years. Body at “Tas Frxenab
OHURCA,” 241 W. 23d st. (PRANE EF, Camremd
BLDo.).

CRITTENTON,.—At San Fraricisco, Cal., on NO
vember 16, 1900, Charles N, Crittenton, in the
77th year of his ege. 7

Relatives and friends of the family and (how
Interested In and associated with him fn ih
National Florence Crittenton Mission work
to which he had devoted many years of his iif,
are Invited to altend the funeral services #
Holy ‘Trinity Chureh, 122d st., corner Lemos
av., on Mriday, November ™, at § 0
P.M. It is kindly requested that 10 flowers
be sent, interment private.

DUHIGG.—At St. Josepa's Convent, 12 Paviile
st., Brooklyn, in the [tb year of ber relig
ious life, Sister M. Henrietta, beloved daut®-
ter of Bryan and Anne Dubigg and sist? ot
the Rev. Thomas S., William J. and of Dr.
Bernard A. a

Solemn requiem mass Saturday
at St. Joseph's Church, Pacific s!
Vanderbilt av., at 10 o'clock.

MONTANT,—Suddenly, of heart failure,
vember 25, at his residence, 31 West 50th fh
August P. Montant. Funeral ceremony 5#*
urday, November 27, at 10 o’clocs, at 5t
Vincent de Paul Church, 23d si., near 6.08

November 7,
near

| MORRIS.—On Thursday, November 25, 3 he"

residence, 1 West Sigt st., im the Soin yo"
of her age, Charlotte Harrison, wile of ue
late John J. Morris.

Funeral services private and interment 4! '0°
convenience of the family. It Is requested
that no flowers be sent.

PURDY.—At 14 East 36th st., on Tuesdsy
vember 23, 1900, Johanna H. Purdy, dsugh'
of the late Elijah and Catherine Harsen Purd

Funeral services at her late residence on Frid”
morning, the 26th instant, at 10 o'clocs
Kindly omit flowers.

No

UNDERTAKERS. 3

241-243 W. 234%
Tel

FRANK E. CAMPB 19 W308 Se

Chapels. Ambulance

NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR IT.
., Advertisements for Tax Sux and Tas

E Son be Jeft at any a
an ten may t ane ie

—

2 in the <
‘ a

aha,