WIPING OUT OF JIKIRI'S BAND

read
the

the men into the o

' Joh

fo

LAST STAND OF THE OUTLAWS
IN A MOUNTAIN CAVE,
Beene of the Attack on the Slope of a

Crater—Three Days Fighting in
o Which the American Treoeps Fought
at Clese Range-—-Hand to Hand En-
cénntérs With Moros— Engagement
Witnessed by Friendly Filipinos.

The' three days fight and the hand to
hand éficounter between the American
troope and Jikiri's Moro band of outlaws
which took place at Patian Island, south |
of Jolo, is considered by military men |
to be the most desperate that has yet
occurred in these islands.

On Patian Island is an extinct crater, |
the édge of which is about 500 feet above
sea level. The outer slope of the crater
ia about 40 degrees and the inner slope
about 75 degrees. The cave in which
the bandits were lodged is about 100 feet
below the crest and contains four mouths,
in obe of the smallest of which were
located Jikiri and his band of seven men.
In order to get at the cave, which was
inside the crater, the troops were obliged
te climb over the edge of the crater and
lower themselves, out of range of fire
from the Moros, through a treacherous |
path) clinging to trees and bushes.

Thé soldiers were directed to the cave
by friendly Moros, says the Manila Times,
but it was not known by any one in the

 

expedition in which of the four mouths tte entrance, the last man out.

 

or

ed

        
  

the,
a

FURNITURE ROAD-MAPS

oa your hardwood feore are an wnnecessery
record of damage. This destructive trail
ecrose your floors and ruge is avoided by
equipping your furniture with

Feltoid Casters and Tips

matter whet weight they must seppert
FELTOID CASTERS and TIPS sever
evem soratch, Use them now. They last
@ lifetime.

If your furniture dealer eagnet oop

Sz Kes recroip pectien.
The Barns & Bassick Co. Bridgeport, Conn.

Dept. 4.

Parrott’s party. He was shot while in
the air and we dead when he hit the

und. Jikiri came out of the right-
He was

of. the cave the bandits were hidden | shot by Lieut. Baer before he was able to

until near the end of the fight. In lower-'

ing themselves down to the front of the |

caveon their first trip the advance guard
of the column came to the edge of a rock
where there was a twenty-five or thirty
foot drop. Two small saplings were
growing near the edge of the rock which+
were originally used by the bandits to
lower themselves into the cave, but the
men were forbidden the use of this means
of lowering thernse!ves down as a precau-
tio against possible treachery. The)
aoldiers worked down to the right of the |
@ope.on the western side to a smaller |
ledge about ten feet wide which runs!
along tne race of the slope. |
Thi@ ledge continues for about fifty!
feet, when ft broadens out into a plat-|
form of smooth rock. ‘The face of the!
forms a horseshoe, and from the|

of this formation of solid cosh, ee |
openin, ve a converging field of |

~ the enthaws: The Rhese days |

ing was at a forty foot range. There

Was very little cover for the American |

fos: seerony room for twenty men.
outlaws knew eyery inch of the
pone just how may men could be
for

and exactly where to put a shot |

the best advantage. So accurate |

sed their knowledge of the ground in |
t‘of them that they were able to |
pick off several troopers while supposedly
The i the red |
cave appea |

to be rote bac holes in the cliff and |
were the only’ targets available for the
. as the floor of the inner cave |

five to six feet lower than the surround- |
ground, which slopes up at the en- |
trance; eo that the men were obli }
fire against the sloping rock floor with |
hope of a possible ricochet. The |

, on the other hand, by lying flat |
floor some distance back of the |
, could ftre without being in the |

on
feast ext-oved
This ing. was
= all day Friday, July 2, and Satur-
. suly 3 On Saturday night the
loros began to sing their juramentado,
or °F song. The men knew then
that outlaws were desperate and |
to die. But they also knew that |
loros would die game and do as much |
execution as possible before their end |
game. On Saturday the soldiers tried |
to get their mountain gun in position
to into the cave from the opposite |
2.2 Oe oraper but were unsuccessful |
‘ nga position, 80 it was de-|
cided on Sunday morning to bring the |

oe the platform and try to shell the |
out from short range. |

was a constant fear that the!
} ed would make their death rush in |
“Right when the soldiers could not)

gee them and possibly some of them make |
their enenne, With this in mind Lieut. |
r,

which was furious,

Archie Mi Sixth Cavalry, on Sunday |
morning decided to force the Moros out

of the . ‘The ht w tarted by | tWice with a razor and another deep |
Gove. Fhe Se ae oy wound had been inflicted under her chin.

za Colt automatic from one of |

ts on one of the flanks and |

under,the scover of that another Colt!
gutominglc “46d..a mountain gun were}
uss up*dnto position within forty!
feet of the cave. |
The mountain gun fired a pumber of
rounds, but it was soon discovered that |

they fired into the entrance and went to another room to telephone | ‘The operator called up Police Head:

omhougit
Bone of the shells went inside, but ex- |
led against the sloping floor at the |
outh of the cave. It, however, demol- |
ished the rock target » rest of te mame |
0) . re of the mountain gun, |
og eh guns and the troops |
had lasted for about two hours on Sun- |
day morning, but it did not result in caus- |
much damage to the
ving them out of their stronghold.
Lieut. Miller then ordered a charge, |
ortier to take no more chances of the |
orgs getting aang He also realized
that a hand to hand fight was inevitable
and he concliided to force it in the day |
time rather than wait until night, when
Moros would have the advantage,
owing the country so well as they did.
tine’ charged to within fifteen feet |

outlaws or!
|

_ of the entrance, and it was not until this |

time, when the soldiers were shot at from |
flank, that the actual location of the}
oros in the small loophole on the side,

' of the main entrance became snare. |

Tt wae also discovered at this time that
all of the rifle fire into the mouths of the |
eaves fell against the sloping floor of

entrance and that none of it went

It was-found: necessary then to get
nings. Lieut. Arthur
H. Wi Sixth Cavalry, with four men
went jato the central opening; Lieut.
n-T. Kennedy, Sixth Cavalry, with
four men entered the right hand opening,
and Lieut. R 8. Parrot, Second Field
Artil i with four men took cover
» of the large left hand opening.

groups were changed from time
to time as the rifles of the soldiera be-
came. too: hot to handle. This firing
continued for a while, when suddenly
one of the Moros threw a spear out from
behind his hiding place which lodged

' in the side of one of the troopers, and

  

| otra

a few seconds later a battered rifle was
thrown with sufficient force as to knock
one of men over.

Almost instantly the outlaw Dias
out of the central cave and went
pnt for Lieut. Miller, who was about
ten feet from the entrance. The outlaw
made a swing at the officer, who dodged
the 2 the Moro, turning com-
pletely around by the foroe of the blow,
8 Lieutenant with the back of
the borong. Miller shot the Moro in the
back as he turned, and put out of commis-
sion one of the most desperate Moros
in the band. Before Lieut. Miller's
fight with the Moro was over the entire
band had stare on their juramentado
and were ki by the troops in less than
fifteen seconds.

second man out of the cave brushed
one of the soldiers who was in front

Lieut; Wileon and slashed at the latter,
severing the muscles of his face, neck and
shoulder. Lieut. Kennedy had just

| atepped out of the right entrance when

the rush commenced. His back was
turned to it and the third outlaw, who waa
Lallic, came out of the cave holding his
borong crossed in front of him with one
hand on either end and jabbed the blade
ogame Lieut. Kennedy, cutting him in

back of the neck. He raised the
perons to hit him again when Lieut.
Joseph A,. Baer, Sixth Cavalry, shot the
outlaw with his pump gun.

Two other Moros came out of the mid-
dle entrance, one of whom was killed near
the entrance and the other had forced
his way well down near the soldiers when
he was shot by Liewt. Baer. Sariol, who
was considered the fighting man of the
Moros, charged with a leap into Lieut,

    

j ’ ~¥2

 

 

do any execution. Jikiri carried a long
atraight kris which he swung in the air
and apprencnee to within five feet of Lieut
Baer before that officer killed him.

All of the Moros wore the antingantin
around their necks and were all identi
by friendly Moros, who flocked to the
adjoining hills during the fight and were
eyewitnesses to the affair.

There were eight sailors from the gun-
boat Arayat in the fight. They were
armed with Krags and bayonets. They
were at the cave during the rush and two
of them were badly wounded. Three
men were at the opening with Lieut. Wil-
son and were wounded before they could
get their bagenste into play. The cav-
alrymen with their revolvers and rifles
were unabig to shoot in several instances
as they were in line with their own men
and in several cases where they did shoot
into the outlaws the balls passed through
their bodies, doing littl harm to the
Moros, but severely wounding their fellow
comrades.

The affair had a soothing effect on out-
lawry in the Sulu archipelago, and the
friendly natives have shown their appre-
ciation of the extermination of these bad
men by returning to their industrial
pursuits.

SLASHED HER AT THE PHONE.

 

Woman's Husband Uses Raver While She
Is Calling the Police.
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 25.—The buzzer
in the police signal room at headquarters
rang at 10:20 o'clock this morning and
Bill Martin, the operator, plugged in
on a private call line.
A woman's voice, excited but low, came

over the wire: “He'll kill me; send help
to " Then Martin heard a scream
and a crash as the receiver fell. The re-

ceiver remained off and the operator heard

|gounds of a struggle, oaths and then voices

of women screaming.

Finally the receiver was picked up
and another voice, also that of a woman,
came over the wire:

“Give me police headquarters. Is this
the police? He's killed her. He cut her
throat. She is bleeding to death. Send
a doctor. He went out the back way.
Send the police down. She's dying.
Hurry!”

Martin interrupted the excited mono-
logue long enough “to find that the call
came from 1023 Second strest South.
A patrol wagon full of detectives and an
ambulance with two doctors were on t
way to the scene in a few minutes. a

The detectives found Grace Livingston
lying unconscious on the floor near the
telephone. Her face had been slashed

The police learned that the woman was
married last year in Fargo, N. D.,
Earl B. McGill, a railroad conductor,
He is alleged to have been in the house
last night and quarrelled with her.

the police. She was in the act of sum-
moning assistance when she was attacked
from behind. The police are now looking
for McGill but have found no trace of
him. The woman is in a critical condi-
tion.

JACK TARS IN THE
Glavin Beats Phillips fer Middleweight
Navy Title.

NorFOouk, Va., Nov. 25.—Glavin, middle-
weight champion of the Unites Stated
Navy, and Phillips, the welterweight
champion, fought in the sail loft at the
Norfolk Navy ¥ard to-night for the
middleweight title. Phillipe had not the
ghost of a chance after the first round, and
Glavin got the decision in the sixth, when
Phillips split one of his gloves and was
unable to continue the fight.

 

RING.

 

. One thousand officers and men witnessed

the fight, and it is said that $15,000 was
bet on it. The odds were 2 to 1 on Glavin.
Phillips will t to capture Glavin's
title again on ristmas night. Glavin
is fifteen pounds heavier than Phillips.

BIG PRICE FOR BIRTHPLACE,

 

 

 

Women Pay $340,000 Mere Than Groand
Is Worth to Keep It.

Cutcaao, Nov. 25.—Stirred by a senti-
mental love for the ground on which had
stood the old homestead in which they
had been born, three daughters of the late
Patrick McCarthy fought successfully to
retain possession of this property yester-
day in one of the moat exciting bidding
contests ever witnessed in the rooms of
the Chicago Real! Estate Board.

They finally bid in the property, which
is located at the northeast corner of

Dearborn and Washington streets, for
$700,000, a price $340,000 in excess of the

value fix by court qporanare. This
rice breaks all records for values in the
oop district.

 

Killed In an Automebile Accident.

NraoaRa Fats, Nov. Nov. 25.—Ofrin
W. Watson, 31 years old, was killed in
an auto accident here to-day. Watson's
family live in Hawkineville, Ga. With
Louis Boore, son of a hotel keeper, in the
seat beside him, Watson was speeding
a new auto up Tenth street. Another
auto came rapidly down a cross street and
to avoid collision Watson turned quickly.
A part of the steering gear gave way and
the machine si ed into a telegraph
»0le. Wateon died in a few minutes.
oore will recover.

Will Be Neo Alton Strike.

BLOOMINGTON, IIl., Nov. 25.—A settle-
ment to-night, following negotiations last-
ing several months, averted the threat-
ened strike of machinists of the Chica
and Alton system, All the employess
are to receive an increase in of

Pay
two cents an hour and a worki
’ orking day of

 

AM

 

: the first Roman Catholic church estab-

  
  
   
  
   
 

ee A SS nite

    
 

4 .
"

 

PAN-AMERICAN
SERVICE.

SPECIAL
THANKSGIVING

A

 

Selemn High Mass and a Sermon Followed

by a Lanmcheon in the Church Rectory

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

ST.PATRICK'S CHURCH|?"” °*

  
  
   

dg:

eea
wr Fie)

RIDAY, NOVEMBER

WAY TO DINNER.

 
  

 

    

 

am H. Dayton, Civil War Veteran,
Strickem on Elevated Train.
William Harvey Dayton of 356 Crimmins
avenue, The Bronx, left with hie wife yes-
terday morning for Brooklyn to have

He complained of feeling ill as soon as

(Cardinal Gibbons and Secretary | they got into the elevated train at 143d

Knex Make Speeches at the Luncheon.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.—St. Patrick's,

lished in the city of Washington, num-
bered President Taft among its congre-
gation to-day. The occasion was desig-
nated a special! Pan-American Thanks-
giving service and took the form of a
solemn high mass. Cardinal Gibbons,
attired in his striking ecclesiastical.robes,
occupied a throne on the Gospel side of
the altar and Mgr. Faloonio, the Papal
Delegate to the United States, sat on a
smaller throne on the opposite side.

The President was attended at the
services by Capt. Archibajd W. Butt,
U. 8. A., his military aide, and occupied
a front pew. Beside him sat Sefor Na-
buco, the Brazilian Ambassador, who
ia dean of the Latin-American diplo-
matic body in Washington. The object
of the service was to offer thanksgiving
for the good relations existing between
the republics of the Western Hemisphere,
and nearly all the diplomatic representa-
tives of Iatin-American countries were
present. After the mass there was a
luncheon in the church rectory, at which
appropriate speevhes were made.

The Rev. Charles Bart was celebrant.
The Rev. Dr. William T. Russell, rector
of St. Patrick’s, preached the sermon,
in which he made an eloquent appeal
for peace amohg nations. He said that
the more nearly a commonwealth realized
the brotherhood of man the more truly
it was a republic, but a brotherhood
was meaningless without a common
father, “who can only be God, the Father
of us all.” One of the striking sentences
uttered by Father Russell was:

“So long as the republic believes ‘in
God we trust,’ so long will it continue
to be ‘E. pluribus unum.’ ”

President Taft listened attentively to
the sermon and followed the celebration
of the mass with the aid of a souvenir
pamphlet containing the prayers and
responses in Latin and English.

Mr. Taft did not attend the luncheon
at the rectory, but nearly all the men
among the invited guests who were present
at the mass did so. They included Sec-
retary of State Knox, Secretarv of the
Interior Ballinger, the Brazilian Ambas-

Argentine Republic, Guatamala, Salva-
dor, Chili, Honduras, Panama, Hayti,
Cuba, Venezuela and _ Nica
ciate Justices Brewer, White an
of the United States Supreme Court;
Director John Barrett and Secreta
Francisco Yanes of the Bureau of Ame
can Republics, Sir Horace Plunkett and
Fred v: Carpenter, secretary to the
President.

At the luncheon remarks were made
by Secretary Knox, Ambassador Naluco,
Cardinal Gibbons and Father Ruseell.
In his speech Mr. Knox suggested that
a day of thanksgiving be observed in
all the republics of the western hemi-
spere. Mr. Knox said in part:

As the precepts of our fathers and the
| achievements of Washington were followed
jand emulated by the people and the libera-
tors of Latin America, so also may the ex-
ample our fathers set, of ascribing praise
and erateful thanks to the divine power
by whose infinite grace the inestimable
boon of independence was won, be followed
by out Latin fellow workers in the same
holy cause. It would be indeed a notable
outcome of the celebration in which we
of all America hage this day joined were
an annual day of thanksgiving and prayer
adopted, to be observed throughout the
whole vast extent of the American hemi-
ephere, so that with one accord, as if of one
speech and one blood, our peoples, however
separated in race and traditions, should
make evident that spirit of oneness in a
common aim which is the truest mission of
the Pan-American communities.

SHOUTING, SHOOTING.

 

NOT

| Ambulance and Pelice Came on an Error |

of the Ear.

A man ran into the railroad branch of
ithe Young Men's Christian Association at

| night vastly excited and asked the tele-
| Phone operator to call for an ambulance—

0 Theta man had just shot at a woman, at least | §
woman, it is thought, anticipated trouble | that was what he was understood to say. |

juar-
ters and Police Headquarters notified
Flower Hospital and an ambulance was
gent to the corner of Forty-sixth street
and Madison avenue

The arrival of the ambulance uspet
the neighborhood still more than it al-
ready was upset, and many policemen
were hustled around from the East Fifty-
first street station. But no one, neither
the policemen nor the ambulance surgeon,
could find any one, woman or man, who
had been shot or otherwise injured.

 

 

And this, the policemen found, was
the solution of the mystery: A man
who lives at 26 East Fortieth street had

put his wife out of the house. She screamed
and he shouted. Finally he let her in
again. The man at the phone says he
said “Shouting at a woman.”

RESCUE PARTY'S PERIL.

Nearly Lest Their lives Looking for Boys
Who Had Found a Snug Shelter.
ATLANTIC City, N. J., Nov. 25.—-Head-
ing a rescue party when he supposed that
his two sons and two companions had

 

night's storm Alderman George Carmany
was aboard a launch which was driven
on the Inlet bar at the height of the north-
weat gale this afternoon.

Alderman Carman Walter Cramer,
Walter McDevitt and Thomas McDevitt.
who were in the launch, were in imminent
danger of being washed into the seas
running over the bar when they were
resctied by Government life savers. Al-
though wet and nearly frozen Alderman
Carmany insisted on starting with another

rty, which discovered that the missing
ads were safe in a houseboa

The two Carmany boys with Edward
Henry and Samuel Schwartz left on a
ducking expedition just before the storm
of Lomeraey . Their launch was found
adrift this morning, and until they were
reached this afternoon it was feared that
ba were cast away on the méadows
without shelter.

A MAD DOG IN HIS FLAT.

The Same Being a Serious Obetacte to
Drotenfeld’s Dinner.

A dog supposed t} have been mad
created considerable excitement yester-
day in the apartment house at 656 Fox
street, The Bronx, and kept an entire
family out of their rooms until a police-
man came and shot it.

The dog, which was a small fox terrier,
strayed into the apartment of Charles
Drotenfeld several weeks ago and Ernest,
the only aon, took such a fancy to it that
his father decided to let him keep it,

Yesterday when the family got back
from church the dog began to snap at
them and they left. They were afraid
to go back and asked a policeman to go
in and shoot the animal. The policeman

the dog all over the place before
he got it in a corner in the kitchen. Then
he fired two shota and told the family
that they could come in and get ready
for dinner

Alleged Bomb Throwers Not Gullty.

Cricaco, Nov, 25.—-Vincent and Joseph
wore {oud aot guy by «Jury tn Judge
no a ju
Tuthill’s court pane We ee eee

sador, the Ministers of Costa Rica. Bolivia} b@ve rarely

ua, Aaso- | champion, tt re
McKenna | hole testing round of the open tournament | parts of the British, dominions

been cast away on the meadows in last! p

street. They left the train at the 138th
street station and Dayton became un-
conscious.

An ambulance from Lincoln Bonpital
started to take him to his home. Mrs
Dayton went aléng, but he died on the

way.

Mr. Dayton was a veteran of the civil
war and had worked for the Interborough
and its ecessors for twenty-three
years. @ was about 70 years old. His
great-great-grandfather was on Washing-
ton's staff. e was a cousin of Supreme
Court Justice Dayton. His death is at-
tributed to heart disease.

———

AN UNDERTAKER TO EXPLAIN

Why He Embalmed a Body Without a
Death Certificate.

 

 

 

Cc.

William R. Luke, a watchman, who lived

at 434 East Eighty-sixth street, was em-/ It seems not only the wasting of many |
balmed without permission of a Coroner, | millions urgently needed elsewhere to

a physician having refused to give a death
certificate. . :

Luke, with geveral bruises on his head,
was brought home Tuesday night by two
men who said they had found him lying
on the sidewalk. He was conscious, an
Dr. P. Nillaon was called in. He did not
consider the case serious, but yesterday
Luke died, and Coyle was called in.
Later when he went to Dr. Nillson for the
death certificate it was refused because
the doctor had not seen the dead man

within the twenty-four hours preceding | of the Dominion Government to commit |

death.

 

 

Make Sausage, but Eat It Not.
The striking sausage makers in Man-
hattan and Brooklyn were the guests of
the officers of the Bologna Makers Union
esterday at a Thanksgiving dinner in
eppig’s Hall, 101 Avenue A. No saus-
ages were on the bill of fare. Speeches
were made by Rudolph Modest, organizer

ae nr
26,

Thankagiving dinner with their daughter. | Dominion ¢

 

A. Coyle, an undertaker, of 1307| Canada, has just met at Toronto and
Lexington avenue, is to go to the Coroner's | scored the Canadian navy proposition,
office to-day to explain why the body of | E. C. Drury, master of the grange said:

|

|

of the Amalgamated Meat Cutters and |

Buteber Workmen of America, and Vice-

PresMlent Ziegler of the Bologna Makers’ |

Union.

GOLr.

Seckel of Princeton Beats Remarkable
Field at Lakewood.

 

Under conditions the paralle! of which | up to the contempt of the people of this |

seen at an important
golf gathering in this country Albert
Seckel of Princeton, the intercollegiate
led the field in the eighteen

been

| over the links of,the Country Club of Lake-

a stroke better than three others.
Because of the fact that the overnight

the rules

they were bunkered. In other words,
where the ball became embedded in a
hazard the player was allowed to loosen
the globe, but not piace it in-a good lie.
Never in the history of fakewood golf
tournaments had so classy @ field been
assembled, and it is a safe prediction that
with fine weather this tourney would have
j rivalled anything brought off in the Past
this season. lo addition to kle ov
well known  campainers on
Jerome D. Travers, the M
who won the national! title in
Walter J. Travis of Garden City, the:

   
  
  

litan champion: his clubmate Frederick +€

Jerreshof and Findlay 38. Douglas of Nas-
sau, winner of the last two Lakewood tour-
naments. They all finished close to the
leader.

Two sevens, one at the first and the other
at the home hole, were theonly bad spots
on Seckel’a card, which read as follows:
eee @75545 5 6 5-8
Ip 446464646445 5 742-9

There was
returned by Herreshof and ‘Travis.
went out in 49 and back in 42 for 91.) Travis

| began with a 7, whereupon the M. G, A.
champion promptly discarded the red ball
for luck Anyhow, he had nothing worse
| than an occasional Othereafter. Herreshoff
{met with considerable success by using his
| niblick for nearly all the approach shots,
As only about half of the surface on the

to !361 Madison avenue at 11:30 o'clock last | eighteen ereens had been swept clear the

short wame was rendered doubly trying.
The best incoming card of the day. was
that of J. F. Shanley, Jr., of Deal. A poor
tart,in which twenty strokes were required
or the first three holes, largely accounts for
is 52 out, but thereafter snow and ice
| ceased to feave this Newarker, who reeled
off a 39, which inctuded three puts on the
} home green His card read this way:
Out... 76745 & & 6 7-53
In 3343566 4 6-91
Douglas took 50 to go out and then, be-
| lieving that he had no chance for tow score,
became a trifle careless, taking 7 for one
| hole in a manner guite unnecessary, As
iit Was he returnec in 42 Travers also
'failed to adapt himself to the conditions
lat the outset, taking 53 to the turn. His
| home coming was also creditable, getting
both water holes,in threes and doing the
nine in an even 40. .
rhe summary
Albert Seckel,
| Herreshof, Garden
Jr., Deal, 52, 30-91; v
49, 42-01; Findlay 5. Douglas, Nassau, 50, 42--02;
J. D. Travers, Montclair, 54, 40-95, J. C. Parish,
Jr., Shinnecock, 52, 41--@5, F.C. Jennings, Nassau,
| 49. 45-93; HH. M. Forest, Lakewood, 52 44-06;
| W.K. Simmins, Dyker Meadow, 51, 4 ; Feseph
| Knapp, Garden City, 4, 42-06; W. K. Gillett,
Wykagyl, 53, 44-07; A. F. Jamieson, Lawrence-
ville, 54, 44-06; C. K. Gillett, Wykagy!, 56, 43-99;
| J. A. Jamin, Hpomspend ve » 51, 100; J, E, Smith,
wwe McMenamy, Fox Lillis, 50, 50—100; M. J.
Condos, W weg?" 52, 48-101; H. B. Heyburn,
Pennsylvania, 55, 46-101; S. L. Allen, Riverton,
58, 43-101; E. G. Fraser, Deal, 55, 40—102; W. B.
Averill, Garden City, 57, 45-102; A. J. McClure,
52, 50-102; Windsor Morris, Syracuse,
S. Y. Ramage, Oli City, 57, 47-104;
-» Lakewood, 54, 46—104;
: D je, 57, 47—104; R. L. Red-
held, Montetair, 57, 46-—105, F. M. Harrison, Mont-
clair, 55, 50-106; J. B. C. Tappan, Nassau, 56,
49--105; P. A. Coburn, Oakland, 53, 52-106; H. C:
Hardy, Richmond County, 54, 5i—105; P. 5. bP.
Randolph, Sr., Zakevess. 56, 40— 105; F. A. Potts,
Lakewood, 60, 46-106; W. S. Leeds, Lakewood, 60,

46-—108.

C.L. Pappin, Garden City, 57,49—106; R. F’, Pifer,
Baltusrol, 64, 44--108, J. F. Shanley, Sr., Deal, 61,
46-107; ©. A. Apawamis, 58, 49—107;
Cc. A. Swerman, Nassau, Nassau, 57, 51—108; Dr,
Thomas Senseman, Atlantic City, 58, 50--108:
Fr. A, Wright, Canoe Brook, 58, 50—108; B.C. F.
50. btn Wer Helm, Fox’ Hite a
: s W. RB, m, Fox is, G4,
A. _W. Black,  Lakewdod

46-110; . . . .
53—110; R. M. Mc a, Overbrook, 62, 48—110;
Paul Waterman, Ekwanok, 57, 54—111; Arthur
McClure, Lakewood, 61, 51-112; H. F. Hunger-
ford, Fox Hillis, 57, S112; Theodore Keer, Bai-
tusrol, 54, 44-112; T. T. Rushmore, Garden City,
. F. 3. W let, Apawamis, 65, 47—-112:
Dp. Ss. White, AtlanQe (Clty, 62, 51—113; Harry
McSweeney, Oll City, 62, 51--113; A. F. Souther-
0 54-113; George Orvia,
. ©, Haskins, Baltusrol,

. Si—114; A. F

+-—L14;
H. L. Seohwarz, Lakewood, 64, W—Iil4; C. N.
Brieze, Nassau, 57, 57—114; Daniel Bacon, Ards-
ley, 64, 51—-115; C. W. Hunt, Engiew, 64, 51—-115;
» i . Englewood, 64, 31-115; W. H.
Robinson, Baldwinsville, 67, 49-116; E. F. Hinkle,
Baltusrol, 50, 57-116; W. D. Judkins, Wykagy!,
60, Si—117; w. c Stevens, Riverton,
62, 55-117; H, B. McClellan, Fox Hilis, 60, 57—117:
Fox Hills, 64, 54-118; FE. J.

j Princeton, 48, 42—90; Fred
City, 48, 42-91; J. F. Shaniey

 

 

Laren
.F. P. Rend
J. T._ Dut,

 

. R,
. 57—130; A. C. Soper, Lakew .
C. Parrish, Sr., Bhianecock. 76,
Pinenvurneat, Nov. 25.--A tle at 85 be-
tween, J. D, Foot, the Apawamis veteran,
an . T. Keating, one of the best known
of the Lenox golfers, gave zest to the quali-
fication round of the sixth annual golf
tournament to-day, the cpening event in
the Country Club's big schedule, which will
continue through April. In the playoff
Mr. Foot won with a score of 79 to 85 for
Mr. Keating. One division qualified with
the following scores for match play:

. D. Poot, Apawamis, 43, 42—45; F. T. Ke .
hses. 40, 4-06; I’. A. Moore, A vom a
4-03; John R. Goodall, St. Louis Field, 40, 47-08;
Cc. B. Hudson, Rochester Country, .
L. C. Cummings, Hyannisport, 46, 1: ;
Lightbourn, St. George's, Bermuda, %i, 47—@8:
FP. A. Guthrie, St. Augustine, 47, 53—100:
Bren Dunwoodie, 48, 52-101; T. H. K
Merion quater. 49, 56-105; A. Fowler, St.

Field, 51, 56-107; W. I*. Keiney, Alston, 53, 54—107;
ie Rise, Agewam Hunt, 52, 61-113; Rebdert

Selig rsd Os

—— ee
“27 e —

  

 

1 |

snow had covered the ground to the thick- | 3 .
ness of an inch or more the committee | 9 this question as the Governor-General |

decided upon a liberal interpretation of of Canada who lately deciared that the)
in other words, after each shot | construction
contestants were given the privilege of | Railway has done more for the defence
placing the ball on the surface, and this | of the Empire than the gift of twenty
in a modified form also held good when | Dreadnoughts could do.

 

wood yesterday. His score of , high |to belittle the grandest efforts ever |
on paper but brilliant in reality, was only | achieved by a population of five millions.

|
}

a similarity between the cards |to rise to the national emergency and
Both | do something practical for the flag in-

 

W. J. Travis. Garden City, | seret came to grief.

‘|

big tte SURG a.
Ar, 3 . K > f

  
   
 
   
   
 
 
   

   
  
   
 
 

a

“1900. | m .
CANADA FORMOME BUILT ad

i

ra Se

y| POYEN CANCER CURE TRIED.| ANNIE WARD TIFFANY TO WEp,

Baltimore Surgeon Applies Electrical | Ramor Has It ‘That She and Her Laie
Method, Then Vaccine. Husband, Charies C. Green, Will Remarry,

Battrmorrm, Nov. %5.—For the first Buzzakvs Bay, Nov. 25.—The return
time in this country the electrical method | this week from South America of Charles
of Dr. E. Doyen, the French surgeon, |C. Green, the theatrical manager ang
was employed yesterday by Dr. G. Haner | former husband of Annie Ward Tiffany, *
Everhart at St. Luke’s Hospital in remov- | the actress, to take a position with ibe

; | Cape Cod Canal Company, is followag
ing a large cancerous growth from the
meuth of doh Lookingbill of Carroll | UZ, 20 Samewncemens Chay husband gag

   
 

 

 

     

  

DLICY
PBUFL

GOVERN!
ITS O

   

  
  
 
 
   

 

  
  
 
    

ows Bitt
ses)6Asking
‘hatles Tupp

   
   

tion a
Piebi

  

    

   
 
  

   
 
  

3

 

 

 

 
 
   

  
  
  
 

    
   
 
 

   
 

clares tly for ‘the : wife are reunited.
: county. The operation also included| annie Ward Tiffany appeared at Butter.
OTTAWA, pv. 25 —It is he removal of the growth from other | milk Bay, her cottage a joining the Joseph
stood that ian Governm parts of the patient's face. Jefferson Crow's Nest property, a few

concluded hips can be built in} pot steriliaed air just below the burning | days ago, and now it is understoor th

  
   
  

 

 

 

‘ : ‘ ; to be remarried soon and
Canada jug) as in Great Britain. |,oint was first applied to soften the | BA ho and wi
and negot fe now proceeding | tissues and make the applications of elec- | eaeneernenmaeanitannemD

with British” with the object of | tricity more thorough in their work. | JERSEY LAWYER IN A SMASH.
laying down shipbuilding plants in this! Pyiguration is the name of the Doyen | *

country. |method of applying electricity td can- | His Aute Overturns & Cab and the Hore

It is admitted that Canadian built shipa cerous tissues. The electrical curre ats Runs Away
will cost more than British built vessels | oan penetrate and kill the growth in a/ An automobile containing Simon Hahn,
owing to the higher prices paid to work-| manner not permissible with the sur- | a lawyer of Newark, and a party of friends
men in this tountry, but it is extremely | geon's knife. The current as applied is| collided with and upset a cab at Twenty.
doubtful if Canadian sentiment would | specially arranged for this kind of work. fourth street and Broadway last night.
stand for this work being done outside |g, delicate are the instruments used that |The traces of the horse were broken
of Canada they have to be hermetically sealed to|in the mixup and the horse started on
The Dominion Grange Association, rep- sevens being injusse while ae Sone is | « gallop ups a oe
rese! teres ° . | were .
ating farming is te throughout | Te wana ae ened la the ane was sup- beet on wu 4 Fiftieth street without
lied by Prof. Doyen from his laboratory | getting a bit of attention from Broadway.
in Paris. The patient will be vaccinated; At Fiftieth street the horse turned
with the anti-toxin fer ais monthe coma | cnet ° = io avenue a policeman
. i ion, and at that time the | took him in rge.
ae ee a ae ee nb sesuntte aapeneen with a The owner ‘and driver of the cab, John
shows no signs oO! eel | soeeme insisted on the arrest of the

automobile driver. He was bailed out,

owth
Fire vaccine is applied hypodermically.

 

develop our country but the creation
of a permanent military dlass, which |
in the light of history is always a curse |
and a weakness, never a source of
strength. We should most emphatically
protest against the carrying out of any |
such scheme, at least until the people have
had an opportunity to pass upon it.” |

This amendment was suggested: “We |
strongly protest against the proposal |

 

 

 

 

 

Hardman Autotone

The Piano all can play, either by
hand or perforated music rolls.
The Ideal Gift Piano.

HE Autotone cannot be imitated for it is
equipped with many features which, be-
cause of rigorous patent protection, can be

found in no other instrument. All of these tend to
increase its capacity for the expression, of personal
‘sentiment and musical feeling.

our country to the adoption of a policy |
looking to the creation of a navy, con- |
cerning which question there exists/
much conscientious difference of opinion, ;
without first ascertaining the feeling of |
the people by means of a plebiscite, and |
we would therefore strongly indorse |
the proposal to take a plebiscite on the!
question.” |

This amendment is to be discussed
further, but wil! probably carry. |

Sir Charles Tupper apparently approves |
of the Government's policy to have a |
Canadian navy. To-day, writing to the
Montreal Star, he says:

“Because when the representative of a |
leading Canadian journal held Canada!

Among these exclusive features are the Accentor
and the Transposer.

Call at our warerooms and play your favorite
music on the Autotone. See how wonderfully the
“accentor” enables you to express your musical feel-
ing.

The Hardman Autotone is the ONLY player-
piano constantly used by the leading artists of the
Metropolitan and Manhattan Opera Companies, to
play their own accompaniments and for the playing
of instrumental music.

country I ventured to point to the fact.
that Canada had done more to promote |
the defence of the empire than any other |
you accuse |

me of talking nsense and endeavor |

“I can afford to bear your gibe when |
I am sustained by so great an authority |

‘

of the Canadian Pacific

In my opinion
your journal is making a serious mistake |
in attacking the deliberate judgment of |
the Canadian House of Commons who |
have unanimously pledged themselves to |
proceed vigorously with the construction |
of a Canadian navy, and on the lines that
the Imperial Government has decided.
‘This ig better calculated to provide for the
security of the Empire than the con- |
n¢tion of Dreadnoughts.” |
Star editorially replies to Sir |

What more suitable gift for one of your own
household than an, Autotone,—a source Be constant
enjoyment to yourself and every member of the fam-
ily now and for years to come?

” The Autotone may be purchased on conveniently monthly paymenta The highest
possible value allowed for your old piano taken in exchange.
Informal Demonstrations at our warerooms every cay.

Hardman, Peck & Company
agined him calling upon Canadians | Established 184
from Nova Scotia to British Columbia!

| 524 Fulton St., Brooklyn 138 Fifth Avenue, New York

stead of pottering with the building =
{

ries:
“Wé could have imagined Sir Charles |
making the welkin ring with his denun- |
ciations of such a feeble pretence at |
imperial defence. We could have im-

 
   
 
   
  

 

 

 

 

an overclassified squadron, in the con-
struction of which every plate, rivet
and bolt is extremely apt to be over-
classified in the bill.”

 

DE BUISSERET UNHORSED.

 

In the Chevy Chase Fox Haunt the Count's

Herse Felli and He Went Inte a Ditch. ¥

WasuHInGctox, Nov. 25.—Count de!
Buisseret, Envoy Extraordinary and Min-
ister Plenipotentiary of King Leopold
of Belgium, who presented his creden- |
tials to President Taft last week, showed |
to-day that he was a pretty good sport |
and philosopher enough to make the beat
of an awkward situation. It all happened |
during the Thanksgiving day run of!
the Chevy Chase pack out in Maryland. |

The scent was good from the start and |
the dogs went away at a great rate with
a fine field behind. But Count De Buis- |
Jn trying to top a
fence his mount, the Marquis, tripped |
and fell and the Count went into a ditch. |
When he picked himself up and found |
that he was unhurt the lessons was |
nearly out of sight and th@Belgian diplo-
mat could hear only the faint music of
the hounds in the distance. Pretty soon
they were out of hearing.

After looking around for a few minutes
Count de Buisseret concluded to make
diplomatic overtures to a farmhouse
not far away. The farmer, with the
usual courtesy of the true Maryland
insisted on his guest staying for dinner.
The Count accepted the invitation and

Button Boot of

Empire Height
$

Made over a dainty
Hanan last.. Welted
sole and 1% inch

Cuban Heel,

»artook of good American Thankagivin 297 BROADWAY: * © esas Dunes Swen
fishes. Afterward the farmer brought 139) BROADWAY « ~ cores: 38th Ses
him to the nearest station on the electric 1203 BROADWAY. « + jeormer 2%b Seen
line to Washington and he returned to BROADWAY . ..'. sear 23d Stress
the legation. The Count learned when 390 Faltwe Sweet (scar Smith S.) - Brooklyn

een

he arrived here that his horse had been
caught. The fox escaped.

 

 

WASHBURN - CROSBYS

GOLDMEDAL
FLOUR

Brings

The
Bloom
On

The

Loaf