es

ee

Baye

) + Primaries Association in the last cam- |

ye

i:

okie | his district to remain unrepre-
~ be

‘eal

'* gented there all the time.

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1909.

Class Mall Matter.
el —————————————

Eptered at the Post Ofice at New York as Second |

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

Neg? MEY. Per Month

4 DAILY, Per Year

600
GURDAY, Per Year..............
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year.
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month........
Postage to foreign countries added.
All checks, money orders,’&c., to be made pay- |
edie to Tae SuN |

70!

Published by the Sun Printing and Publishing |
Aesoctation at 170 Nossa street. in the Borough of |
Menhbattan, New Yor®. ‘The office of President of |
the Apsociation is temporarily vacant; Treasurer |
cf the Association, MF. Laffan, 170 Nassau street; |
Secretary of the Association, 1, W. Quinn, 170!
Noersau street.

_— - |
Landon office, EMngham House, 1 Arundel! street,
Sivend, The dally and Sunday SUN are on sale in
Lerdon at the American and Coionia! Pschanec,
Coriten street, Regent street, and Daw's Steamship
Agency. 17 Green street, Leicester Square
Poris office, 32 Rue Louisie Grand. The dally and
fupday editions are on sale at Kiosque 12. near the
Crapd Motel: Kiosque 77, Noulevard des Capucines,
corner Plece de V'Opere. and Kiosque 18, Boulevard
Cee lialtens,/corner Rue Lou's te Grand

af our friends who fcror us wlth manuscripts for
guUrication with to have rejected articles returned
they must in all coses send siamps forthat purpose.

=
A Queer Mark of Respect.

The late Patrick Henry McCarren |
deserves any appropriate honor whieh
the Democratic organization in Brook-
Iyn. may see fit to pay to his memory,
but we confess we are entirely unable

‘WO understand the theory upon which
“the Temnoecrais in the Seventh Senate

ees :
district have requested the Governor

# not to call a special election for the

, ap choice of his siiecessor.

This action
is said to have been taken “as a mark
of respect to Senator McCarren,” and |
it is announced that the Pepublicans:
of the district will probably adopt simi- !
lar resolutions.
How it can be deemed 2 tribute to
the memory of a deceased State Senator |

tea in the Legislature for half the
Official term is quite terond our com- |
prehension. In framing: their Consti-
‘tution ,the people knew they eould
not have a State “enate without State
; tors. They expressly empowered |
. Legistature to provide for filling |

vacancies in office. The Legislature | The Zelayiad.

| We secede reluctantly from the En-
;eyelop@dia. An old friend, but we
|must turn a protesting back upon it
| when it dares to assert that the great
|mass of population of Nicaragua con-
isists of “Indians, negroes and mixed
| bloods.” We appeal to the living pres-
jent, to the news of each recent day.
| That population consists of “prominent
| revolutionists,” “high Nicaraguan offi-
| cials,” “prominent Nicaraguan reesi-
| dents,” “prominent American residents.”
“well known American commercial trav-
ellers.” They . speak from various
places between Nicaragua, New Orleans
| and San Francisco. The Caribbean
jand the Pacific are full of their sails
jand tales. Perhaps there is some truth
in the enumeration of mixed bloods, for
the stories are beautifully mixed. Judge
from these two printed in yesterday's
| despatches:

” fas authorized a special election in the

case of a vacancy in the State Senate,

and that euch a special election should

be held where a vacancy has occurred

under’ the cireumstances existing in

P McCaRREN's district is not open
the least doubt in the world.

We should like to be informed how

Senator McCaRREX's memory will be

honored by leaving his seat vacant

* for a vear. On the same theory, in

event of the death of any worthy

blic officer in the middie of his term

Tis place should he allowed to remain
- Wihfilled until the time when his term
would have expired. The public ser-
vice might suffer seriously from the
cation of any such doctrine in

- detual practice.

+, However much we may desire to
'y our respect for the dead, it is

e to be forgotten that the people

+ some rights; and one of these is the

, it to be represented in the legislative |

h of the Government. Each and

in the State Senate should be repre-
When death
intervenes to deprive it of representa-
‘tiom the vacancy caused thereby should
be filled at the earliest possible moment.
Other views may be plausible, but no
other proposition can prevail with intel-

it. every district entitled to representation

’ * ligent men who have given any careful

consideration to the subject,

Patriots and Parasites.

From the official statement of the
Peceipts and expenses of the Direct

paign, filed with the Secretary of State,

we celoct this edifying list of contribu-| war tund is untrue. The Americans here have | 0@ restrained physically even by the
been assured by the Government sat they are | Campaign récentiy begun, but they can
: There are no Americans tn jail at | be retained as a part of the Ameri-
ee $100, WILLIAM McCamroun, $30; Mito | Managua. and there has been no request, accord-| can economic system with measure-
MALTBIE, $25, TRAVIS H. WHiTney, 850; Joan | !N& t the Government's statement, for a conti- | leas benefit td Canada and to the

tors and donations:

FREDERICK C. SrevEns. $500; Witt FR.

‘A. Sumicuzn, $50.”

i that the Hon. Wiituram H. WapHAMs

| WADHAMS and NEWCOMB.
| these items are listed as travelling ex- |

THE SUN,

libel we shall not trouble. Every good| national defence. It was Tat Sus

gift has ite unclean critics.

Yet in this statement now filed there |

attention. In the list of contributors we

are several other items which attract our
|

purpose to draw attention to the clever-
néss of the idea and imply that the
waterways proposal should be consid-
éred strictly on ite merits by a Congress

note the name of the Hon. DemosTHENES | uninfluenced by appeals in behalf of

paid for the privilege—paid $50, talked

DEMOSTHENER the better for that.

all the finality of official sworn statement

received $256.01 and the Hon. JosiaH T.
NEWCOMB $39.40.

There is canker then even at the heart |
of this spreading bay tree of right-|

'

'

3 0o| at the foot of the list a sinister entry |  #¢* the dollars out of Congress.

. # oo | catches our eyes. Here it is written in
ié stitution.

| ts A project which will really benefit the whole
' country.”

This plain speech indicates that Mr.
| TAFT wants all waterway projects to

eousness, While industrious Public Ser-

vice Commissioners are grubbing and
starving and giving from their scanty
hoard, their grimy pennies flow not |
wholly to the cause of truth, but in fact |
find their wav into the pocket of such as |
To be sure,

Davenport. We knew he was talking | the national defence. This séems to
for direct primaries aforetime, but now | have been in Mr. Tart's mind when he
we become aware of the fact that he | said at Norfolk:

“ When you ask for a million from the Treasury

that amount and stopped. We iike | you have got to make out your case. You've got
But | t be specific, at least you've got to be specific

I don't know
yours, but my limitations are imposed by the Con
You've got to show that your project

be considered on the basis of practical
utility and with a thought to economy.
It looké as if he would not be overper-

way of thinking. It should ask “to be

| shown.”

“~ * * rs > ¥
RIDAY, NOVEMBER
house before the question is put to the

country.

From Lord Rosgsery’s speech it
seems clear that, unleas he should expe-
rience another change of heart before
the vote is taken, Lord LANSDOWNE
must look for no support from the dis-
contented Liberals in the House of

‘Lords, and that if the rejection of the
budgetNg. put through it will be by the
| party vote of the Conservative peers.
No former Liberal politician has taken
ao decided a stand on the budget and
| the general socialistic tendency of the
; party as ha» Lord ROSEBERY; none can
carry the weight with his vote that he
can, If he will not vote, against the
budget, neither will any other Liberal
peer who can have any influence with
the public. It would seem that at this
moment the purpoee of his fanciful plan
of submitting the question of the budget

suaded by appeals craftily sentimental) tg a selected delegation of the peers
and patriotic. In these thrifty times | might be achieved just as effectively by
Congress is likely to be of the same /q substantial unanimity of the whole

| House in favor of Lord LANSDOWNE’S
|amendment, a vote that should include
|a large number of peers distinguished

penses, but who will be satisfied or de- The Call of the Canadian Northwest.’ for other qualities than party loyalty,

ceived? Is it fitting that men should |

In alarm excited by the heavy emigra-

,and among them Lord RoseBERY him-

labor, strong men sweat at their toil, that tien of Americans to the Canadian | self.
a Neweomb and a Wadhama may wander | Northwest astrong effort is being made |

Another opponent of the budget, a

abroad in parlor cars and ornament | to stem the outward moving flood. The peer whose opinion, like Lord RosK-
the “palatial” hotela of the up-State city of Chicago is the present focus of

worth $256.91 and $30.40 combined to at

people of this town to have WADHAMS

‘land at their expense? Though it be; the movement and an extensive cam-

paign is being planned. Hitherto the
northward drift of the current has been

_and Newcoms out of it, is it fair to make | strong during the first half of the year | tor of Egypt.

| BERY'S, would carry weight regardless
of party affiliations, had spoken before
'him, the Earl of CRoMER, namely, Brit-
ain’s noted and successful administra-
Lord CROMER is a Liberal

their exile a tax upon the poor but in-| only. This year thete has bce: achange. Unionist in politics. From him some

dustrious public officials?

After all, we view the incident with | ing into an all the vear performance.

divided mind. The gratitude and un-
paralleled generosity of the Commission-

ers to the appointing power gratifies us,

Even reguiar machine politicos could

A cespatch from Winnipeg reports

| The movement gives promise of develop- | practical way out of the difficulty was

, to be hoped for, or at any rate ‘some
| practical decision as to his own action.

in August, September and October, an | budget to tatters; he could not stomach
increase of 48 per cent. over the arrivals | the bugbear of impinging on precedent,

26 | 19 73

Dia :
a ike it.
t unwittingly
y | it. We haw
busy in gam
4 and
Ho Club.

body there
Colenel
ates the

the
of

aL Lows!
canalé on nd
r of nation Du-
t the new canals
lligent work rather than
ame.” Apparently Colonel
have to look to his laurels.

DR. COOK'S FOOD SUPPLY.

His Own Testimeny Cited to Preve That
He Did Not Reach the Pole,

TO Teer Epiton or Tne SuN--Sir: Aga
student of Arotic exploration | bave been
greatly interested in Dr. Cook's detailed
story of his recent experiences in the Arctic
regions. His alleged achievements have so
far surpassed those of other explorers that
naturally many serious questions have been
asked Dr. Cook.

Navigators and astronomers ate awaiting
with much interest Dr. Cook’s explanation
of how he was able to determine his longi-
tude to the nearest minute even when he
was within twenty-nine miles of the pole,
and sometimes by observations at noon.
Those familiar with the condition of Arctic
sea ice will be interested to hear how he
was able to travel about 1,150 miles and yet
be ableto return to land with the two rledges
with which he @tarted out, and the ex-
plorers who have been away from their bare
of supplies until their provisions were
nearly exhausted will be glad to hear Dr.
Cook's reasons for keeping two sledges and
ten dogs unt!l he returned to land, despite
the fact that one sledge and five dogs would
have been all that was necessary for the last
month or so of his travels on the ice. To
the average reader the great question
arises: Were Dr. Cook's provisions adequate
to sustain him and his party for the length
of time named in his story?

Satisfactory answers have not been given
to the foregoing questions by Dr. Cook and
his supporters. Their replies have been
evasive for the most part and in many in-
stances entirely misleading. For instance,

produce no more spontaneous token! in those months of 608. October of | however, and, falling back on the ex-
of loyalty and regularity. That direct | this year shows 5,250 arrivals across the | pedient of mugwumps and reformers in

‘primaries have real support—genuine | border, as compared with 3,179 a year | politics, declared that he would abstain

public support

wenow know. But that | ago.

This systained movement is re-

we have mistaken certain parasites for | garded as oo of an unprece-

patriots, made heroes out of certain
penny grabbers; this is a cause for
grief. We remarked, but we did not
much complain, when Governor HUGHES
bestowed upon the faithful WApHAMS
an investigating commissionership with

,adequate fees. This was the circum-

stance of war. But that $256.91, this
we did not dream of, As for NEWCoMB

our thinking. Nor is there much com-
fort in the final conclusion that both
were overpaid.

—~

“NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 24.—A cable despatch from
| Panama to-day says that Evoar S. Harare of Co-
lumbus, Ohio, an American commercial travelier

who has been touring Central America, déciares | it will take a good deal of hard work to |
that several Americans are tn Jail at Managua and | hold back the crowd that will cross the |

lother places in Nicaragua, having been arrested | border to join the several hundred
Every American in}

fon orders from ZELaTA.
; business in Nicaragua who refused to contribute
| to the war fund levied by ZRLATAs was promptiy
larrested and thrown’ into prison, HARRI® says

A tew of the Americans who were arrested bought

| with his $30.40, this was a depth beyond

j
|

| their way out of jall by paying the price demanded, |

‘ butanumberare still held incommunicado. Har

RIS says It is unsafe for an American to appear in | Counting their grain crops in scores of tations
the section of Nicaragua controlied by Zmuata. | millions of bushels.

| He was himself subjected to gibes and Insults at
Corinto, and left the place on the first available
steamer.”

“Manaova, Nicaragua, Nov. 24. The report
| that President 7FLava has put many Americans

|
| in fail because of their refusal to contribute to the

| perfectly safe

bution for war or any other purpose.”

|

dented moveMent next spring. It is
reported that the newcomers, although
scattering widely, appear to know their
destination from previous investiga-
tion and decision, either as a result of
personal observation or from the re-
ports of relatives or friends already
located and prospering. Those who
have moved across during recent years
are reported as contented and thriving
abundantly. At the banquet with which
the promoters of the “ Why Go to Canada®
movement opened their campaign in
Chicago on November 20 Canada was

|
the arrival of 13,781 American settlers | Lord CROMER, too, tore the socialist

|from voting altogether. If he spoke
}in behalf of other Unionist peers, he
‘thereby served notice on Lord LANns-
| DOWNE that he must expect no active |
assistance from them.
| It looks, therefore, as if Lord Lans-
| DOWNE would receive only the support
of the strict Conservatives in the Lords.
Whether after the vote is taken he will
be backed in his fight by Mr. BALFour
and the Conservative party may also |
be not wholly certain, though Mr. BAL- |
FOUR, in spite of his fondness for dodg- |
ing issués, has never shown lack of
courage. At all events, the question
that he has put #0 clearly threatens

'

represented by the Hon. J. A. Mac-'to become merely a party issue. It is |
DONALD. In a speech characterized by | noticeable that in the discussion so far ;
good humored frankness Mr. Mac- | the speakers, including Lord RosgBery, |
DONALD said: \in figuring on the political chances, |

“1 tell you frankly yeu cannot bring berk to | seem to have only the ordinary British |
your American States those who have crossea|COnstituency in mind, the property |
the boundary and settled by the bundreds of | holders, professional men, small trades- ,
thousands im western Canada. No inducements|men and so on, the Britons who wor- |

you can offer, no land schemes you may devise. | ship a lord. The underworld that has |{

no reclamation proposals or irrigatia# enter-| come to the surface in the last election,
prises, nothing you can do will avail to bring | however, the Lahorites, the Radicals
back to your semi-arid States in the West and | : . :
the South those who have answered the call of the Socialista, who caré no ere for lords
whe aurtbere sues, They ave Bow gees Cone than their Social-Democratic colleagues
dians, as good as any under the flag. They fina | in Germany care for the Kaiser and his
their property secure, their persons safe, thetr | Sacrosanct army, they ignore entirely.
social surroundings congenial, their citizenship | Lord LANSDOWNE at least understands
free, They sing ‘ God Save the King ‘ as loyally | that they are to be reckoned with, and |
as the native born, and they teach their children | jt, is to them, and to their measures in- |
to honor the Union Jack, And I tell you more. | oluded in the budget, that he throws hia |

Vou cannot completely or for jong block the way : : pea
of those who are still in your country but upon eee nis call ter an a9 it the |

whom has been laid the spell of ‘No 1 hard.’ |
The members of the Board of Estimate who

You may keep them to day, but to-morrow they |
will ro » were clected will @o into the new administration
yeern beyoad the Rortherm sky lin¢. and on | Ofin our hands steetched out to Judge GAYNOR,

the third Gay they will pitch their tents under | Presiden! ciect MCAXENY of Manhatian, i
the northern lights.” | Borough Presidents usually have their
If that is true or if half of it is true | h#nds stretched out—for an appropriation.

\ Democrat Is one who believes in Democratic
principles and is ready to fight for them when
ever he has an opportunity to do so. St. Louis

Republic }
thousands who have already gone. In| Dear old Democratic principles. Spout
that great and fertile Northwest the | for them; fight for them; but what they |
story of Kansas and the Dakotas, of 2% the Lord only knows. 4

Oklahoma and of Texas is teing re-, The Hon. Anwevr B. Cumies wants
peated. Where a few vears ago there to investigate the (vi! Service Commia-
was a wilderness settlers are now) sion ‘he man has no respect for repu-
Does hé not know that Mr.
A few years hence | Rooseverr repelled the spoilsmeu for
they will count them in hundreds of | @* years as Commissioner, and for seven
millions. Fivé hundred thousand Amer- Y°2" ™ore as Presiden’ of the United
icans have crossed the borde: in the —- arg = ee =
last ten vears, and the outward flood em? At can there be to investigate

increases. These people maiv not!

This year cranberries can be had for 87 a barre!.

last pear pie who wanted a barre! of them

paid $12 ‘roma CRicigs dexpa'c’ :

This intelligence ought to have ema-

ted from Dennis or Sconset. But what |

, we should like to have explained is the
lethargy of the Cranberry Trust. |

Re eee eee merece cine

Unite@States, The bars can be lowered. | Presicent Tarr has asaured Re p- |

»buc two dows during the prec

This list, it will be recognized, includes} At the name “Harris” the mind will | or, better still, taken down entirely.

» minded

three Public Service Commissioners and

their secretary, one State Superinten-
dent of Public Works, and one Com-
missioner of Water Supply. Their ag-
gregate annual draft from the State
Treasury amounts to $62,000, Each owes
his appointment to the favor and the
confidence of the Hon, CHARLES Evans
Huoues. Can there be anything more

ivé, more touching, than the

heartfelt gratitude with which each of

these public servants contributes his
mite to the splendid total of $755; gra-
ciously and gladly gives up more than
1 per cent. of his hard earned stipend
to advance the cause of human liberty
advocated by the appointing power? _

For ourselves we confess that we
stahd with bowed heads and hearts
filled with shame before the spectacle

here unfolded, We have in our igno- |

rance occasionally hazarded the asser-

. tion that public support was lacking } Mr

to the direct primaries movement. We

are answered, As each appointee of the |

Governor brings forward his little sac-
rifice to the advance of the cause of
righteousness we stand = stricken in
spirit, yet gladdened at heart. Support,
public support, shall we deny this longer,
when every aollar deposited on that
altar flowed clean and pure from the
public treasury?

Of course there will be certain evil
persons who will insist
public service could be far better helped
than by Public Service Commissioners
comrbuting from their salaries
defeat the Speaker of Assembly. For
we notice that $500 of these offerings
was despatched to Livingston county to
assist in preventing the reelection of
the Hon. JAMzs W. Wapswortn, Jr.
They will deciare that such an invasion
vof the legislative field by mere salaried
employees of the State will stimulate
animosity and interrupt the orderly
course of administration.

+13: &

a ae Kab

that |

to,

With sueh |

wander. Snuff and spirits storm the nos-
trils. Thoughts arise of Mrs. GAMP and
‘her still unproduced mysterious friend.
| What is the fact and what the fiction
jin this Zelayiad now being composed?
The two American citizens, oneof whom

may have been a Nicaraguan citizen : :

Portis ’ : * | His objections to it were known by

executed were “tortured.” They were | : : +

Inot “tortured.” They were taking in i The formér Prime Minister, the'
g = “| Liberal leader on whom GLADSTONE'S

nocent observations from a Costa Rican |
|hill, They were dumping a bomb into ; mantle had fallen, had not only been |

|the San Juan River. And ao on in a | Griven to Whnerew a ae pany on
| procession of contraries, affirmations, | “COU of the predominance of the |
\ mentions and iadienations. | radical and socialistic element in its
Naturally the United States Govern- | Sa amt ae a poe
ment, groping in the morass of contsa-| tion of the Government's scheme to
dictions, is forced to hold in check the reine rev — had repeatedly attacked
dogs of war; and the State Department \ the budget in public speeches. There
| has to sprinkle cool patience upon the oe curiosity to discover how far Lord |
‘heat and fury of the Syeobblers. | ROSEBERY'S opposition would go; there |
, Was perhaps also the hope that a man
‘of his reputation and sagacity, now
; | free of party ties, might disclose some |
FUGENE T. CHAMBERLAIN, the, stateamenilike method of delivering Mrit-
Commissioner of Navigation, suggests | ish property holders from the dangers |
jin a letter to THE SUN that in comment- | that confront them.
‘ing recently upon a resolution adopted| Lord Rosesrry’s speech must have
| by the Atlantic Deeper Waterways con- | disappointed his admirers. It is clever |
vention at Norfolk :t might unwittingly | beyond a doubt, and shows him to be an
have done Rear Admiral SPERRY an in- | astute politician. It is directed in large
justice by associating him as a speaker | measure to demonstrating how the gen-
| at the convention with the resolution, j eral election, which he assumes to be im-
which expressed the opinion of the pro- | minent, may be won. In regard to the |
|moters that “the power to move war/actidn which he will take in the emer- |
vessels” between the South and North! gency before him, however, he is not |
in time of war might “prove to be worth | ready to abandon the traditions of his
more than any expenditure that will be | party. He abominates the budget, but |
| required for canal extension.” | he prefers that deep sea to the devil |
‘THE SUN is aware that Admiral Sperry | of an unreformed House of Lords. He
j advocated an inland waterway for the | will vote for Mr. LLOYD-GEoRGE's pro-
Passage of torpedo boats, destroyers, posals, in spite of all he has said against |
| Submarines, and similar craft, but the them on the platform, in the hope that |
jconvention’s resolution contained the, when they are enforced their iniquity
jterm “war vessels” without qualifica-, will be felt and the intolerable burden
tion. Perhaps the explanation was that will force the people to call for their |
all war vessels looked aliké to those en-|repeal. He apparently accepts Lord
| thusiastic promoters, but it Was evi-| Laxspowne’s demand that the Lords
dently their purpose to their shall have a voice in the matter of sup-
along by coupling it with uot | Ply, but insists on a reform of the upper
d : " ,

J aS ATT : rida a Viens Ce Oech Sh

Lord Rosebery and Lord Cromer,

It was natural that the House of
| Lords should he crowded when the
| Earl of ROSEBERY rose to tell what he
| intended to do with regard to the budger

Money for Inland Waterways,

!
}

|

Se te 4 yy f, ¥
salt itm Nabhan (hi Ga he DUA Tne de! Ne

| tative JULIUS KAHN of California, who is
promoting a Panama-Pacific world's ex-

| position to celebrate the opening of the | his

Isthmian canal, that the waterway will
be finished by January 1, 1915. What ,
Mr. Kaun would like to know, though, is |
whether Congress will appropriate $5,000,-
£00 to help the exposition managers over
a stile: and perhaps Mr. Tarr would like
to believe that he will be President when
the Panama Canal is opened.
Beit. let's walk for a while to-night. It's too
slipoery on the pavements to take aut the » |
we'll ve B strait. and don'| bother about the

Secret rvice chaps..-/resident Tarr to his ac
complished aia

And the story is that the President and
the Captain strolled about the streets,
looked into the shop windows like common
mortals, and the “Secret Service chaps” |
knew nothing of their adventure. Here |
were the materials for a rea! sensation, |
but the opportunity was neglected by |
correspondents who never failed to mul- |
tiply the miles that another President |
walked when the foiled elements raged |
around him. Their work, even with his co- |
operation, was crude and trite. Surely
the escapade of Mr. Tarr and Captain
Bury was more suggestive to ripe imagi- |
nations.

Georgian Augusta moves on implacabir.
A moment ago she was “President Tarr’s
winter residence” It is her newer glory
to be the “cow pea capital.” !

—— |

Former Governor GUILD... Providence Journal. |

By vour leave, the Hon. Curtts GtrLp,
Jr, DD.

In offering a championship tre@hy to
the public schools of New York for pro-
ficiency in lacrosse, which he desires to
see substituted for football, now under the

‘ban of the Board of Superintendents, | strength we were herdiy equal to ten

Coionel Robekr M. THOMPSON says in a
letter to Mr. Witutam H. Maxwene:

“ Lacrosse is @ fascinating and graceful game !
requiring One tO be fleet of foot, quick of tye, |
00d judgment if se teaens of the ball, or what |
is kKhown as team pla + and it bas none of the |
physical dangers of football.”

Colonel Tompson is right about the

in the issue of Collier's Weekly for October
16, 1900, Caspar Whitney says:

Cook carried 600 pounds on each of his siedges.
and he had twenty-six dogs at the beginning of
his eighty two days, and only ten when he reached
the pole, and none when bis wanderings on the sea
ice were over.

4s matter of fact, the 600 pounds to
which Mr. Whitney refers were not all pro-
visions, about 100 pounds a sledge being
furs, cooking utensils, &c.; for according to
Dr. Cook's own itemized account he had
only 509 pounds of provisions a sledge.
In the next place Dr. Cook was ont on the
ice ei iy fon days up to_the time he
found himself “far down in Prince Gustav
Sea,” and it was not until “a few days later
bears came along as life savere.” Conse-

nently Dr. Cook must have beén out on
the ice for at least el@hty-six days without
replenishing his provisions.

Furthermore, according to the statement
which he made in Copenhagen he twelve
doge when he veaghed the pole and ten oge
when he returned to land. Thie is further
corroborated by Dr. Cook's picture in the
New York Herald for October 7, 1909, show-
ing ten dogsin the picture labelled "The Re-
turn to Land.” It is interesting Pt. the way.
to note the heavily toaded condition of the
folaes n this picture. Continuing, Mr.
Whitney save:

Furthermore, Nansen's related ¢aperiences
prove the feasibility of what Kennan asserts so
positively to be impossitie. Nansen'’s caicula-
tions were that twenty-seven do three
ledges. on which he carried 100 4 Drevisions
imself and Johansen, with thirty days of dog
~enach sledge carrying 449 of take t would
mes Pin elgbty days. @ assumed thai he could
o his dogs to cach other and keep (hem ng
for fifty days.” His results proved the caactness
of his plans.

The case o

5
for

Nansen was entirely different
from that of Dr. Cook, as a careful com-
parison the two stories shows, There
are several important differences which
e readily noted. Let us first reduce
Nansen's caleulated supplies to eighty-six
days, the length of time Dr. Cook says he
travelled on his sledge provisions, and also
rovide for three men inst ftwo. We
Raa by simple arithmetic that Nansen
would have $22. 1.360 Bounce of provi-
sions, whereas Dr. ook h but 1,018 pounde.
Another important difference is that Nansen
had but ten dogs left after he h been out
sixty-six days and the dogs Red begun
dying of etatvation thirty days before that
time, whereas Dr. Cook had ten doga left
at the end of eighty-six dave and had lost
eding fifty-
four dave, which shows that he must have
kept them very well f during his return
trip from the le. e most important
git erence of all, however, is that in the
rst one hundred days that Nansen was out
on the ice he travelled only about 450 miles
whereas Jr. Cook claims to have travell
about 1.150 miles in eighty-six days. Con-
sequentiy it may be readily seen that Dr.
Cook would have requir a far greater
amount of food than Nansen did, both for
men and dogs
We nlso note in Mr. Whitney's article
this atitement: “As tothe limita of stretch
ing rations let Nansen’s unchallenged state-
ments hear witness. On pare 471, Vol.
of his book he saves of a bear killed,
‘We lived on thet bear six weeks."” A care-
fu resding of Samson's book sivep “gee
ollowing information in rega o “that
bear.” ‘hich } “devidediy interesting
piges 470 and 47! Nansen says:
an uncommonly large he bear, with very
thiek fur which one might well wish to have
at home it all

h But the best thing eoeut
was that it wae very fat.” his bear, ac-
cording to Nansen, was killed on March 8,

| and on reading further we find the following
| recorded on p ges 473 and 474 for Thureda
A

y,
pril 2, leas than four weeks later:
While | was doing (this the béar had bethoudht

angrily an he made up his mind to set u
¥ at last | had put another cart ge In.
but had to give him five shots before I finally
kitied him. * * ° We were inn! to he
well supplied with biubber and meat for the jour
ney south. and were now busy ftting ourselves
out

It can be seen from the above ayesations
that if Nansen and his companion Johansen
lived on the first named bear for six weeks
it was not from force of necessity.

Mr, Whitney is to be congratulated on
excellent record in the winter of 1895,

es miles over going
about as bad aa that Dr. Cook shows in his
hote@raphs of the polar sea: but ‘Mr
Whitney as n deceived as to the real
conditien of Arctic sea ice, ae seen
Dr. Cook's photographs. Again, \ ardiy
seemé necessaty to remin r itney
that tramping on snowshoes for pleasure
is an entirely different matter from driving,
ulling, and pushing loaded sledges over
elias of polar Sea ire.

In an articlein the Outlook for October 16
Mr. Georre Kennan has made a careful
analyais of Pr. Cook's food supplie.. In
his computations Mr. Kenn*n assumed that

) Cook his FEskim and his 4 each
consumed a pound of pemm ran a day an
long aa it lasted. He was entirely justified
in making this sssumption for reasons
whieh t stahed, but we have a further
justification of this assumption in Dr. Cook's
own words. In the sixth instalment of his
seria) story he said that thero “wasa sharp
allowance of f and fuel, one pound of
pemmicen for the dogs, and the seme for

he men, with just a taste of other things.”
r. Cook's sory we find no men-
tion of redu¢ing this ration until’ May 25,
when he records: “With a few lines on
Pos" to register the life of suffering, the
for map and dog was reduced to a
three-quarter ration, From Pr. Cook's
own words, then, we are compelled to a«-
sume thet he us Fhe, pound ation until
May 75; but, as Mr. Kennan has shown,
the pemmican would have given out on
May 2 if he had used it at the above «tated
rate.

Furthermore, Dr. Cook said that on
April 11 hia supplies were nearly half gone,
and even if we should accept Dr. Cook's

me

when he travelled 1

Following

|atatement that he had supplies for eighty

daya at the beginning of his trip, what
muat we sav to his travelling sixty-five daya
on one-half his supplies and at the same
time keening his dogs so well fed that he lost
but two during the last fifty-four days of

| his trip?

Another point in regard to Dr. Cook's
sunplies which has not been brought to
public attention is the following statement

| made bv him both in his firat reper! and in!

On May 24 be recerda:

We had reached the sth paratiel nvar the o71h
meridian, * * * There rer a'ned on our sleages
acaresly enoveh food to reach our sarhes on
Nansen Sound utiess we averarced Afieen miles
dally. With dtervoted “lalack” and reduced
sdally.

at it id

ude 97,
to the location of his cache near the north-
ern print of Heiberg [and. Consequently
according to Dr. Cook's own statement he
had “acarcely seough food” to last eleven
ere ane aS from his own accounts we find
that he killed no game for at least twenty-

his seria! story.

An inspection of a map will show
about 170 miles from latitude &4, lone

ore
se areata
\ ae

THE DREAM OF SOCIALISM.
os .
A Student of the Subject Takes Issue With
Mr. Goeidwin Smith.

To ras Eniron or Tar Sun—Sir: The
letters that appear in Tar Sun from time to
time from Mr, Goldwin Smith are always
interesting and generally illuminating.
Especially is this the case with bis letters on
religious and moral topics that have been
appearing occasionally for several years.
His style is charming and his great ability
is generally admitted.

In his recent letter on “The Dream of
Socialiam” Mr. Goldwin Smith seems,
however, to have fallen into error. His
attitude is always one of fearlessly seeking
the truth—that is one of his great merits.

| He in always in a receptive mood; always
a learner on any subject not yet entirely
settled by the conclusive evidence of s¢ej-
ence. In the letter referred to he asks:
“What is the Government which the socia!-
ist means to give us? What are its princi-
ples? Whatareits powers and duties torbe?
How is it setup?” He proceeds to eay:
The Inequalities of lot we all must see and feel
are great and often cruel, but they are originally
consequences of the inequality of natural gifts,
and If we could abolish them by law to-day would
be reproduced by nature to-morrow. The re-
sponsibility for them rests on the Maker of Man.
To equalize gains and ranks you must equalize
| capacities, and how Is this to be done? Roll the
whole field of labor flat to-day, and unless you can
keep it s@ you will have the inequalities of earn-
ing and all that follows them to-morrow.
He thus holds, in short, that the “inequali-
ties of lot” which exist to-day are due abso-
lutely to the inequality of natural gifts; that
is to say, that they are due to what the
economist would call the “economic rent
of ability.” Each man is justly receiving
approximately what he produces; the «dis-
tribution of wealth is equitable; no man is
receiving without productive effort.
The fact that such a conclusion is publicly
announced by so eminent a scholar and
writer as Mr. Goldwin Smith, coupled with
the additional fact that such doubtless is
likewise the conclusion of thousands of per-
sons who have not made a study of economic
problems, renders it important to examine
and state the principles which govern the
production and distribution of wealth.
Now the socialist totally rejects the con-
clusion arrived at by Mr. B8mith. The con-
tention of the socialist is that the “inequali-
ties of lot” are due almoat entirely to politi-
cal privileges and the consequent denia! of
free competition. Wealth is divided hy the
economist into interest, rent, and wages.
The socialist contends that interest and rent
are the results of privilege and would not ex-
ist under free competition, or under abso-
lute laissez faire; and he holds that with
their abolition wages would receive the
whole product. He asserte that the bene-
ficiaries of interest and rent are not juetiy
entitled to the wealth they receive,-not hay-
ing labored or produced, but have exploited
labor by reason of the legal! privileges con-
ferred upon them.
It was Adam Smith who in “The Wealth
of Nations” perhaps first stated that labor
wast the true measure of price. It is clearly
apparent that labor produces all wealth:
that is to aay, labor of head and hand, or
any energy necessary under freedom of
economic conditions for the production of
a commodity.
sense does not produce all wealth, what does?
Tt is equally apparent that labor (that is,
the average of social labor) under free
competition will in all free! producible
goods or commodities be the true measure
of price. Competition being free and access
to land being on equal terms, supply and
demand will tend to an equilibrium or toa
levelling of prices to the averade labor cost
of production. To quote Adam Smith
The natural price is the central price to which
the prices of commodities are continually gravi-
tating. Different accidents may sometimes keep
them auspended a good deal above it, ind some-
times fprcee them down even somewhat below it.
But whatever may be the obstacles which hinder
them from settling In this centre of repose and con-
tinuance they argconstantly tending toward it.
The true determjnation of value will
therefore be regulated by competition.
The natural wage of labor is therefore ita
product. If that is true there ia then no
room for any other just source of income.
It isciear, however, that labor does not now
receive its whole product, but that a larce
percentage of it goes to the idler. How
does this come about? How do incomes
acquired otherwise than by labor arise?
Why do not all prices fall to the labor coat
of production?
A consideration of the problem shows that
any income derived from any source other
than labor must be extracted from the just
wage of labor, and that this abstraction is
usually found in three chief forms, namely,
| interest, rent. and profit. It is contended
that theee three forns of income are based
; "pon monopoly or level privilege, that they
constitute what has been termed the “trin-
; ity of usury,” that they are merely different

forms of levying tribute for the use of capi-

tal, that capital “being simply stored up
| labor which has already received its pay in

} full, its use ought to be gratuitous, on the

“It waa! Principle that labor is the only basia of |

price,” and that the only reason why the
holders of capital can exact usury from
labor “lies in the fact that they are backed
by legal privilege or monopoly.”

1 The solution then is to strike down mon-
opoly. Thé greatest monopolies are the

money monopoly and the land inonopoly, |
himself, stopped, turned toward me, and snorted | There are also minor types,such asthetarif |

monopoly and the patent monopoly, and
) the many other smaller legal privileges in.
| terfering with free competition.

The mohey monopoly rests upon a privi-
lege given by Government to individuals
holding certain few kinds of Property of
issuing the circulating medium, or mediums
of exchange, and that this privilege is en-
forced by a 10 per cent. tax upon all other
persons who attempt to issue a circulating
medium, and by laws making it @ criminal
offence to issue notes as currency, It is
asserted tha! the holders of this privilege
control the rate of interest, the rate of rent
of houses and buildings, and the price of
goods: for if the business of banking, or

| the right ro issue cireulagng mediums, were
free to ali, competition would surely re-
duce the price of lending money to the labor
cost. If all were free to use their property
as a basis for the issue of mediums of ex-
change, isterest would fall and vanish, and
with it would go house rent. Profits would
also decline, and as competition became
Abeolutely free and prices fell to the labor
cost profits would vanish, and as
vanished wages would rise.

Second ip importance is the iand mon-
opoly, which consists in society blindly
permitting individuals to hold and own
land that they are not occupying and uéing,
thus creating monopolistic rent by reason
of a forced scarcity of land and raw prod-
ucts. There are two ways of settling this
injustice without Rationalizing .the land
One is to limit the individual holding of land
to personal occupancy and use, thus throw-
ing all unused land into the open market,

and the other is to absorb the economic |

rental value of land by the communi: .
To obtain jnatice, therefore, to ive oqual
rights to all, we must “demoeraiize” the
currency and give all aceees to ihe land
on equal terms, which is the free wifi and
storehouse of nature; or absorb for all the
} rental value of land or unearned increment
| which is created by ell. If we wive priv.
| ileges to some that all cannot enjoy we up-
; wet the balance of our economic organiza-
tion. John Stuart Mill said:
institution so'c'y. The thines once there, man-
kind, individusy or collectively, can co with
, thems as they like. They can place them at the
| disposal of whomesoever they please and on what-
‘ever terms.
| The only proper and wise distribution is
the just course of giving wealth to him who
produces it. If then the money and land

monopolies, together with the sundry other!

minor monopolies, all of which are based
upon privilege, were eliminated and equal-
ity of human rights instituted, wages would
rise until labor (of head and hand) would
the whole product.

absorb Capital being
sceived. iss pay ia fall, ite use would be

If labor taken in this broad |

they |

The distribution of wealth [fa matter of human |

and the rewatd to each worker would ty
ig proportion to the service rendered. y,
trade or occupation could have an economi
advantage over another if no obstacle w,
placed by the State in the way of anybody
who chose to embrace it.

It is probable that to-day at least 4
cent. of the wealth produced by labor £008
as interept, rent and profit to the holders of
privilege, who are only a small percentag,
of the total population and are thus oa

enormously rich as a class.

Mr. Paish, the editor of the Stotiat, aad

| very recently that 15 per cent. of the peopiy
of England owned 00 per cent. of the wegin
of England. Jt must therefore be apparey,
that if the basic claims of the Socialists a
set forth are true, ‘the “inequalities of iq:
are not “original consequences of the jg.
equality of natural gifts,” and that the rm
sponsibility for them does not rest on the
Maker of Man. The responsibility r

| rather upon man himeelf, and the evils ogy
be remedied.

If what has been said is untrue and the
“jnequalities of lot” are indeed really baned
on inequalities of natural gifts. that ig to
say, if each person to-day is justly receiving
approximately what he earns, then there
is nothing ta be done, and to create falg
expectations in the masses of men wou
be worse than a crime.

If, however, what has been said is true
labor is exploited largely of its product, ani
such injustice could and should be rectified
If permitted to continue there would arigs
in time a danger, to use Goldwin Smith’;
words, “of a putting of the torch to the
mine of social war.” CLs,

PHILADELPHIA, November 24.

WILLIAM M. LAFFAN,

From the Memphis Commerctal-Appeai.

William M. Laffan was saturnine to thoge
who knew little of him: to close friends he
was as tender as awoman. He was a map
of angles. His humor was grim. He was
so.clear thinking that his judgment was gs
accurate on public questions as the draughts.
man’s scale.

Through his paper, THE Stn, he told the
people the truth about men and things
It seemed to be his delight when all the
American people were hero worshipping
to tell them when the hero's feet were in
the miry clay.

It is amazing that one man living no
longer than sixty-one years and pursuing
an active business-literary life can accumu.
late such wide information as did this great
editor.

He knew more than any other man about
Chinese porcelain. He was an authority
upon painting and &culpture.

There seemed to be no branch of polite
learning foreign to Mr. Laffan.

As a writer of English he was a grand
master. He could put more force and
vitriol in a single sentence than any other
editor since George D. Prentice died

Mr. Laffan loved reforms, but he hated
shame the more, and he had the courage of
his race to point out the shams, no matter
whether they were in the person of a cap-
tain of industry turned philanthropist, a
ruler of a nation or a preacher of a new
religion.

From the Troy Press.

Willlam M. Laflan was on Tre Sew for

just a generation, aa it is reckoned popu-
larly. He started as a writer—and he
wielded a cultured, peculiar and powerful
pen, contributing cofiepicuously to the
uniqueness of which Tae Sun's editorial
| page has been renowned from the time
Charles A. Dana assumed its direction—and
died its owner. Mr. Laffan cherished high
ideals, was a lover of art, and he abhorred
the cheap and “yellow” in journalism. He
would rather have Tae Suw serve an edu-
cated and discriminating public than to
treble its circulation by.pandering zealously
to the vile, the demagogic and the sensa-
tional.

From the Catcago Inter Ocean.
He wrote when something moved bi
and when he wrote the reader knew there
was 4 real man writing.

New Corn for the Southwest.
From the Sctentific American,

Last year 4 small lot of shelled corn of a kiné
new to this country was sent to the Department
of Agriculture from Shanghal. It proved to have
qualities that may make it valuabie in breeding
acorn adapted to the hot and dry conditions of
the Southwest. The plants raised in the test
averaged less than six feet in height, with ao
average of twelve green leaves at the time of

| tasselling. The ears averaged 5'4 inches in length
and 4 1-3 inches in greatest circumference, with
sixteen to eighteen rows of small grains. Oo
the upper part of the plant the leaves are al! on
one side of the stalk, instead of being arrange
in two rows on opposite sides, Besides this,
the upper leaves stand erect instead of drooping,
and the tips of the leaves are therefore above
the top of the tassel. The silks of the ear are
produced at the point where the leaf blade is
joined to the leaf sheath, and they appear before
there is any sign of an ear except a slight swelling,

Quantity and Quality.

| From the Washington Post,
Sixteen querts of whiskey for $5.80 is 4 quotation
| given for “red liquor” tn Oklahoma in the official

records of the Post Office Department.
| In Oklahoma the sale of intoxicating liquors is
| prohibited by law. Much of the liquor consumed
| in that State is shipped into Oklahoma from ad-
| Jofning States. Generally it is ordered and psid
for by mail.

Yesterday Postmaster-General Hitchoock re
| ceived ao letter from the postmaster at Miamt,
j O\la., enclosing an application for a money order
‘made at that office. The applicant wanted 5

“quantity of red liquor.” The order was made
payable to a concern in Kansas City, Mo., and in
the amount space the term “sixteen quarts” was
inserted, and in the doliar space the sum of $5.0,

Good Women and Bad.

To Taz Eprtosm or Tas Sun—Sir: President
| Bartoa ©. Aylesworth of thé Colorado State
| Agricultural College in his recent address at
| Carnegie Hall said of the “bad women”:
| “These women cast only one-third of 1 per cent.
| of the Denver vote, and they exert a bundredtold
| more influence upon politicians through theif

business than through their ballots.”

Fx-Governor Warren of Wyoming put the mat-
ter in a nutshell when he wrote to Horace G

Wadlin of Boston:

“Our women pearly all vote, and since, in
| Wyoming as elsewhere, the majority of womes
| are good and not bad, the result is good and aot
} evil.” Erne. C. Avast.

Boston, Mass.. November 25.

Olled Reads Break Hounds’ Scent.
Fro. Penular Mechanics
The futility of hunting fugitives with biced-
hounds when the trails of those sought lead across
| the modern olled thoroughfares was demon
| strated recently in Oak Park, a suburb of Chicago.
Many robberies resulted in an addition to the
| polce foree of two bleodhounds, Tests rere
| made of the dogs’ ability to follow traits, and all
Proved successful until the person making ‘he
trai! too. to an oiled street She scent was Im
| mediately lost, according to the police, and We
dogs were unabie to pick it up again. + /

} Orchard on State Reservation.
| Seottabure correspondence Indiavapolis \ eet
| ‘The Indiana Forestry Commission is makint
| arrangements to plant a large orchard on the
| State reservation, nine miles south of Scolishure
| 'The commission heretofore has confined |'s ed
| tention to the cultivation and preduction of only
| the valuable woods for use in cross ties, capinet
| work and building. The new scheme will D¢ %
| mears of testing the hardinood of the V1"ous
| varieties of fruit trees, and it will also sos?
| whether the knobs can be used to advantage |0
the production of fruit,
!
t His Party.
| Stella—Is the Duke a Liberal?

Bella—Well, his wife's father wit! have to D% J

—

The Chameleon.
She was a barmony in gold,
Yet women change their hues;
To-day I met ber, and she was

A discord in the biues! LT.