LINA GAVAL'ERI AS CARMEN

AOYDENISH, FANCIFUL,
LAUGHING CIGARETTE GIRL,

   

4

Ro Great Sucecss in Kmbodying the
Subtle Seduction of the Gypsy—The
Performance in General Is Not Up to
the Standard of Manhattan Opera

Why do 80 many prima donnas burn
with an ardent desire to sing Carmen?
Is there some seductive liquor of Spain
concealed in the lilta of its music to steal
away feminine brains or is it that innate
vearning of every truly good woman
to be at some time a devil? Some who
have been in Spain deny that any such
creature as Carmen ever lived there,
and hold that she was, and indeed could

be, invented only by a Frenchman of when applied to Scarfpins. It must be!

the truw absinthe school.

Others declare with equal solemnity
that there is no Spanish musie in Spain,
which can only mean that like Capri

wine it refuses to endure exportation, | greens, blues, crimsons

|

‘

and that the base imitations of French-
men are no more like the real thing than
a French cigar is like a Cuban cigarette.
No matter. The fact remains that |
prima donnas all hunger to sing or to be |
Carmen. Patti tried it once, and she!
was a very chocolate ice cream Carmen |
indeed. Fremstad has been Carmen

and Lilli Lehmann and-—well, never}

|

 

 
 
  

aanohaiecetettniote ete Ratctaiates
“Black” Op

ee ie

 

al

 

Scarfpins for Mer

|A Gift Suggestion by Marcus
& Co., Jewelers, Sth Avenue.
at. 45th Street.

BLACK OPAL SCARFPIN Through-

out the wide variety of jewelry to

| which the black opal lends its rare
| beauty in none is it more attractive than

understood that the Black Opal ise not
j black, but a dark Opal, that shows with
; every changing angle of light a kaleido-
;}acope of color —iridescent flames of
and yellows a
veritable riot of color. .
This gem, with its strength and virility,

sui
Metropolitan to the porformance of
operas of this type. The New Theatre
might indeed have been considerably
smailer had no other purpose than the

tability of this theatre than that ofthe! LIVE ToPpmcs

| is most excellently adapted to men’s wear,

and a man must be dead to beauty |

who would not joyfully add a Black Opal
Scarfpin to his collection.

The prices for Soarfpins range from
$300 for large specimen stones down to
$25 or even less for smaller gems.

| Aside from its charm asa beautiful gem
the Black Opal must always remain unique
and unusual. It oan never become com-
monplace, because of its very limited
production. Marcus & Co. have on ex-
hibit the fast of this year’s mining from
the now famous Lightning Ridge Mine of
New South Wales.

The public are cordially invited to view
thie exhibit, which consists of uncut gems
as well as simple and elaborate articles of
| jewelry.

ABOUT TOWN.

| Food had been begged for at that base-

|
;ment door, money had been begged for
| and old clothes, but the outcast who ap-

mind the others. Those who never saw | Presentation of. such music been con- peared yesterday morning preferred a re-

Basta Tavary in the part have never |
realized what dreams may come to wreck
man's sleg.

templated
But as it exists the house, as was shown
yesterday afternoon, allows the points

| quest so original that he at once got what
ho asked for.
| “Ma‘am,” he wheezed, “I've got a tur-

Lina Cavalieri is the last prima donna! of the dialogue to reach those who can | = cold in me head an’ ohist. Got any
to fall a victim to the lure of Carmen.| U%derstand thew, while the details of Quinine or cough syrup that you can

She burst forth in the réle last evening |
at Mr. Hammerstein's Manhattan Opera |
House in West Thirty-fourth street. Such
a pretty, dainty, kittenish little Carmen
she was, too, It was hard to believe that

she had a wicked heart, or that she would , her the conditions offered by the New cine closet
be « siren and tempt a brave man to his | rT

destruction,
One might have expected to see her |

teasing boys and if she had done so the |

boys would have thought themselves
devils of fellows and asked her to sit out
in the hammock with them till after i0
o'clock, That is reatly true; it is just
that kind of Carmen that she was.

A naughty, saucy, even flightly Carmen
was this, with a careless toss of the head
and a quick laugh. A cigarette girl in-

deed she was, and a story book gypsy, |

but a Remany with hot red blood, swift

love, swift hate, and the subtle fires of |

fateful Bassions rolling through her veins
this surely was not. She had her likes
and her dislikes, her fancies and her

eccentricities, but she was no vampire, | oo. Srittin

although it was quite plain that there
were some things she never did know
and never would understand.

But she could dance, and for that the
public took kindly to her. Storms of
applause followed her terpsichorean in-
teriudes. And she was always pretty
and had a most flowing gown in the sec-
ond act. Also she had to sing, and here

 

stage business and the communication
of facial expression are made plain to
every spectator.

_ Noone appeared who has not been heard
in the opera with the exception of Lydia
Lipkowska, who was the Roaina. For

heatre were especially favorable. They
permitted her light voice to he heard
to advantage and her pretty action in
the scenes with Figaro to reach every
eve. It was a pity that with so pleasing
an assumption of youth, of maiden arch

|ness and coyness, the singer could not |

suggest with more directness the some-
what important fact that Rosina was
of gentle birth.

Mme. paquewsbe sang the secco reci-
tativo glibly and with nuance and her
|; Colorature ran swiftly enough to win
japplause. But it lacked beauty of tone
fand in its production it evoked many
unnecessary grimaces. Pini-Corsi, uno-
tuous as Bartolo, De Segurola, capital
as Baeuio, and Campanari as the familar
| Figaro supplied most of the fun. Mr.
Bonci has beon merrier as Almaviva than
he was yesterday, but he sang well.

The conductor of thé performance was
Vittorio Podesti, of whom warm praise
The staging of the
opera was excellent. The scenery was
new and delightful to the eye, while it
favored variety in the action.

“IL TROVATORE.”

Mme. Gadski Sings Leonora for the Fi rst
Time and Scores a Success.

The novel features of last evening's

 

 

regret must be expressed that much of ; presentation of “I} Trovatore” at the

the music was too low for her voice and
when she took upper octaves for relief

in “Herediade” was much better. On!

|

she sang very stridently. Her singing | and

Metropolitan Opera House, the first of the
season, were the Leonora of Mme. Gadeki
the conducting of Mr. Tango.
Strange as it may seem, Mme. Gadski

Spare?”

As the woman was sniffing on her own
account just then the appeal touched a
soft spot in her heart.

“Just wait a minute and I'll see,” sane | edy is averted only by the return of the!
after ransacking the medi- {master magiciin who breaks the spell,

said. en,
, she returned with six five
gree quinine capsules and three half full

rottles of different kinds of cough syrup.

| The rey

| tributed the donation of drugs among his

| va rious pockets.

| made at this house,” said the woman. “

|S, pepe the poor man wil! get rid of his
cold.

The young actress looked disconso- |

lately at the three pairs of down at the |

hee! ballot slippers.

“It begins to look as if I never shall get | transparency

to use these shoes for what I wantod
them,” she aaid. “I got them to throw
after a bride. Sho was a pretty girl in
our company. The day before the wed-
| ding the minister called on her
a lot of nice, fatherly things.
them was this:

“'T hope, my dear young ledy, that none
of your friends, most of whom, I believe,
are professional people, will ao far forget
the proprieties as to throw ballet slippers
at you from the church door. Old Shoss
of any other kind are permissible, but bal,
let slippers—well, that would hardly be
seemly.

|. “The ‘dear young lady’ promised to
| look after our morals to that extent, and
we in turn promised to refrain from shy-
ing after her any good luck emblems that
savored of the footlighta. Since then
three other friends of mine—all on the
stage—have married. Fach time I
counted on working o these slippers, but
in each case the officiating cler, an

Among

the whole it was not a night of great glory | had not until last night sung on any stage | placed a ban on such expressions of good

for .Mias Cavalieri.

more of a personage than her po

ine! ‘ pe ge portraiture
Her principal associates were Mme.

Miranda as Micaela, Mr. Zenatelio as

Don José and Mr. Dufranne as Escemil'o.

None of thease did anything to lift the

 

 

Carmen is much| the part of this hapless Spanish heroine. | Will.

From now forward it is likely that the
réle will remain in the active list of her
repertory, for the musio ghows her voice
to advantage and the ‘character is as
nearly within her grasp, histrionically,
as is likely to be the case with any current

_ So far as I can find out that isa re-
| Striction that most ministers exact when
j ee ne procwenan! people, which shows
| that the urch and the stage are astill

miles apart.”

“Long ago I got used to receiving mail
which strangers in town had had directed

performance above the level of reapec- j impersonator of this heroine of a bygone in our care,” said the sexton, “but last

table mediocrity, for Mme. Miranda /
was gaseous of voice, Mr. Zenatello out

of his elemént and the original text inthe| first act, but her confidence grew with | house for dry goods.

elegant music of two and a half acts,
and Mr. Dufranne suffering from hoarse-
ness.

The chorus sang in an apathetic manner \
in the first act, but found some rhythm |
in the Torreador song. The orchestra |
did not win laurels, and the raggedness
ef the ansembles reflected little credit
on Mr. de la Fuente, who conducted.

THANKSGIVING “PARSIFAL,’

Wagner's Last Work Becomes a Feast
Day Ceremonial.

The performance of Wagner's “Parsifal”
has come to be a kind of feast day cere-
mnonial at the Metropolitan Opera Houee.
ihe work cannot well be introduced into
the stock repertory of the house and the
Saturday matinée is included in the sub-
scription, so that it is for “Parsifal” a
dies non. But the music drama is well
suited to holiday representation, par-
ticularly when pious thoughts are invited
by the festival or when religious emo-
tions should be wakened by it.

The symbolism of the drama ia perhaps |
a little further removed from Thanke- |
giving Day than it is from Christmas,
but possibly its illustration of the boun-
teous gift of blessings undeserved may
be regarded as bringing it within the |
category of appropriate celebrations of
the day of official gratitude.

The performance of yesterday after-
noon at the Metropolitan proceeded along
lines now familiar to the theatre. Yet
the older features were united with some
new ones worthy of note. Clarence
Whitehill, an American, formerly a mem-
ber of the Berlin opera forces, and one
of the chosen exponents of Wagrer at
Bairenth, was the Amjurtas.
_ He sang the music not a little bette:
than he did at the Bayreuth festival of
two years ago, which was the last time
when THE SUN representative heard him.
\t the Wagnerian headquarters he ap-
peares to be oppressed with a sense of
116 weighty responsibility toward his
consonants, while he was not affected in
@ similar manner in regard to his vowels.

The natural consequence was that his
tnging lacked the fluency of melody,
which is so distasteful to the trons
of the Wagner festivals, but which is
rrized by American operagoers. Yester-
day Mr. Whitehill sang the réle probably
in his own way, with results of a more
musical sort than Baireuth loves, There
was much elasticity and no little tender-
ness in his delivery of the lament. Pos-
‘iv Amfortasa was something more of a
ier than Mr. Whitehill, but we must
t ask too much.

With Mme. Fremstad in her
‘| impersonation of Kundry,.

 

|

 

 

|

'

|

 

8
T
Reychologi-
Mr. Burrian
es a stout and determined Parsifal, also
ivmillar in Bayreuth; Mr. Blass as the
riminating Gurnemanz, Mr. Goritz as the
wicked Alingsor and Mr. Witherspoon
as the sepulehral Titwrel, the treatment
of the musie could hardf} fail to be gen-
erally good. }

The leadin flower maidens were
Leonora Sparkes as the first and Bella
as the second, Miss Alten has
sing this part at Bayreuth, and she sang
it both there and here much to her credit
a artist. Mr. Hertz conducted yes-
terday's performance, and his direction
disclosed no features not already known.
The chorus of men was not absolutely
certain in the difficult first act. but the
choruses behind the scenes went well.

ROSSINT AT THE NEW THEATRE.

“tH Barbiere di Sivigita’ Heard in Favor-
able Conditions,

tossini'’s “Il Barbiere di Siviglia” was
Fung at the New Theatre yesterday after-
noon and an audience of fair size appeared
to be well amused by the humorous con-
ceits of the merry little work. This was
#0 additional demonstration of the better

Alten

 

wn

 

 

mode}.

Mme. Gadski sang with caution in the

the progress of the drama and she attained
real power and not a little beauty of tone
and style in the culminating scenes,
But there will be other opportunities to
study her Leonors and it is enou
to record a successful premiére.
Mr. tango's conducting was enthuei- |
aatic, and carried weight with the atage |
folk as well as in the orchestra pit. The)
others concerned were all familiar. Mme. ;
Homer's Agucena is one of her hest |
achievements, while the Manrico of Mr.
Martin gains at every new hearing Mr. |
Gilly’s name was on the programme for |
the Count d+ Luna's réle, but this was a
rrinter’'s mistake, and Mr. Amato sang
the part and acquitted hintkelf admirably.

A PRIWA poxnnf AT 18.

| liver
|

 

Saturday night was the firet time this
old church was ever used as a clearing
An out of town
woman ordered a hat sent up here. She
dropped in about 4 o'clock and told me it
was coming.

“I don't know just where I sball stay

gh NOW | to-night,’ she said, ‘but I do know that I

am coming here ‘to church to-morrow
morning, so 1 told the milliner to deliver
my hat here. I'll come to church early
and put the hat on back here in the chapel,
if you don't mind.’

“If I didn't mind!» What earthly differ-
ence did it make whether | minded or not?
Instructions had been given for the de-
of the hat, the woman said she
eouldn't be seen inside the church without
it, she expected to worship with us the
next day, so what could I do but receive
} the hat? I hope, however, that the cus-
|tom of having merchandise for the con-

Elvira de Hidalgo to Sing at the Metro- | gregation’ delivered here will not become

politan Next Week's Bit.

One of the youngest prima donnas is
Elvira de Hidalgo, who is soon to come
to the Metropolitan Opera House. She
was only 17 when Signor Gatti-Casazza
engaged her, and her contract had to he

| signed by a representative of the Span-

ish Embassy in Paris. But Mile. Hi-
dalgo has already learned'the bitter lesson

lthat all prima donnas must grow old.

On Wednesday she reached the mature
age of 18 and called to her manager at
the Metropolitan Opera House that she
had ratified the contract signed for her.

Her principal réle is Rosina in “Il Bar-
biere di Siviglia.”

Next week at the Metropolitan will
begin with “Lohengrin” by the same cast
that gave the performance of last week,
with the exception of Mme. Fremstad,
who will make her first. a arance as
Elaa in place of Mme. Gadski, and Otto
Goritz in place of John Forrell as Telra-
mund. E
Leo Slezak will sing his second réle on
Wednesday when he appears as Man-
rico in “Otello.” Johanna Gadski, Anna
Meitachek and Dinh Gilly will be in the
cast. Frances Alda will appear as Mimi
in the performance of “La Boheme,” to
be given on Thursday. Bella Alten and
MM Bonci, Amato and Segurola will also
appear. On Friday evening MM. Caruso,
Amato, Didur and iand Mmes, Gad
Homer and Sparkes will appear in
* Aida.”

“Otello,” with Mmes, Alda and Wicklam
and MM. Slezak, Scotti and Bada, will be
sung at the Saturday matinée, and “Tann-
hduser” will be gi veh on Saturday night,
with Mmes. Destinn and Fremetad and
MM. Burrian, Hinckley and Reiss in the
leading réles. .

Lértzing’s “Czar and Zemmermann
will be sung at the New Theatre on Tues-
day night by Bella Alten and Marie Matt-
feld and MM. Jorn, John Forrell, Reiss,
Muhimann and Blau. At the matinée
performance of “Werther” on Wednes-
day Jane Loria will replace Geraldine
Farrar.

 

The Seagoers.

Arrivals by the North German Lloyd
steamship Prinz Friedrich Wilhelm, from
Bremen, Southampton and Cherbourg:

Judge J Quimet of Canada, Delphin M

Deimas, who defended Harry Thaw on his hay nton BE. W
Van Kirk | Rev. John _F. Tuttle, D. D.

firat trial; Benjamin Speliman, J

Thompson and Josephine Mildenberg, a lh

singer
By the North German Lloyd liner
Koenig Albert, from the Mediterranean:
Dr Phineas H Agepe, Count d'Antrosh,

Mr. and Mrs W d, Mr and Mrs
Willard 8. Gaylord and W. G Noyes

Aboard the White Star liner Teutonic

from Southampton, Cherbourg an
Queenstown, were:

H M. Borrovughs, Mr and Mrs K Cc
Shebley, Mre. Horace Fletcher and H E
Anderson i

NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR IT.
for TES Suv and Tux Everio
4tany American Mes-

 

 

    
 
 

widespread.”

“What are you cutting that greenback
up for?” asked a man as he and another
seated themselves at the table of a New
York hotel.

“Oh, I always do this when I contem-
os a few days in a hotel. I find what
ooks like a good waiter and give him
half of a fiver, I tell him that if Lam well
taken care of the other half will be his
when I leave. Crank as Iam about good
service, I never failed yet to get the heat
that’s going by this simple method.”

They are still wondering at a hotel near
the park over the extraordinary request
made the other night by a young Eaglish-
man who is on his first visit to New York.
Just about 7 o'clock he went up to the
office desk in evening cress.

“I am going downtown for dinner,”
he said, “and tt may be rather late before
I get in. I shall take my key with me,
and will you please let me have a key
to the front door?”

At the same hotel a woman from out
of town approached the desk a night or
two ago and asked: “At what time do
you lock the front door?”

Visitors from the far South cannot
understand why the hospitable pitcher
of ice water does not stand on the table
in New York hotel lobbies as in their
local hostelries, as was made manifest
the other day when a pretty young woman
(eeeremnee the desk of a well known

otel.

“Wil you please tell me if theah is any
place in this heah ho-tel wheah Ah can
get a glass of ice watah ‘thout goin
upstaiahs to my room?” she inquired o
the clerk. “M¥mothah and Ahhave been
sitting ovah theah fo'an houah,and Ah’m
dead with thirst and Ah'm just deter-
mined ah won't go upstairs.”

There wasn't any pace where the young
woman could get the water herself, but
the polite clerk called a boy and sent
him to the restaurant for two glasses.

 

Me@all— Myers.
York, Pa., Nov. 25.—Samuel Kell MeCali,
an attorney, was married to Mixes Pauline
Virginia Myers at 6 o'clock last evening
The ceremony took place at the home of
the bride’s parents, Mr. and Mra. Fdawin
Myers, and was performed by the Rev
Walter, D. D., assisted by the
e Mise Carrie
Trenton, N. J., was the maid of
onor. Mise Emily Ramsay, Miss Jeannette
Palade of Philadelphia, Miss Mary Stokes
of Trenton, N. J., and Mias Helen Gross of
York were the bridesmaids, Chester (ira-
ham Myers was the best man, and Frank
L. Speakman of Wilmington q
Reno Locher of lancaster, Pa.;
Chalfant and elite Jeecer Myers
acted as vishers. he ribbon boy

  

Stokes o

  
     

  

     
    
    
    
  
  
 
    
  

     
 
      
   
      
  
    
   
    

-_
~

  
  

  

    

Walter yers and J. (aewer Myera,
| nephews of the bride. Following the wed-
ding ceremony th wasa reception. The
br eargom is a geste of Yale, ciase of
‘97, a during rd niah wal, partici-

ted Hn the invasion co under

n. 8 tburton

THE SUN.

|

 

“It was the first request of the kind ever |

He said |

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER

PHILHARMONIC PLAYS WELL

is

DIFFICULT FRENCH WORK
CAPABLY PERFORMED.

 

in Handling Th

| ir. Gustay Mahler Condncts the
Second Concert in Carnegie Hall.

tion of Gustav Mahler, gave a hint last

|

BOOKS AND AUTHORS.
“Wanderings in the Roman Campagns,” .

'

|

, by Prof. Rodolfo Lencieni, is to be pub- |

: lished on Seturdey. Li is profusely illus-
| trated from photographs and will contain |
the firet suthoritative account of many
jimportent discoveries. Prof. Lanciani

is Modern Score the Or-) ‘ s in 1878
chestra Gives Evidence of Progress One Gunes Gnawa of Snes '

{and he is secretary of the archeolog-
ical commission. He has published

|
meny hooks concerning the important

The Philharmonic Society, under direc- | discoveries he has made in Rome during

| the last quarter of a century and several

|evening of the progress it has recently | volumes which have grown out of the
| made in the technique of orchestral art ; deductions based upon these discoveries,

by the performance of one of the most

| like “History of the Destruction of Ancient

 

SU

A

ee

 

brilliant of modern French scores, “L’Ap- | Rome” and *Golden Days of the Renais- |

| prenti Sorcier” of Paul Dukas

| with the vigorous character sketches
|painted by Daumier, is known here
| through several repetitions within the

| past half a dozen seasons.

; hat first of all it 18 programme music,
| recounting a definite narrative.

|
|

the river to the magician’s dwelling.

So rapidly does the uncanny cresture; Bot only will his property away from |

It is diatin-
| guished by its successful attainment of |
| Hrusical beauty, notwithstanding the fact |

The story of the sorcerer's apprentice |
aes evoked a spirit that he could not | herself) or even the miterial contents |

quell. is familiar under various guises | Of hee house sche hos no legal right in |
land the version used by Dukas is one | °F control over her own children unless |
happily adapted to musical treatment.
Following the sapprentice’s incantat ion | ¢ ; 7 ;
| broom is transformed into a thing of |i# & widow, appoint e guardian to
life and staried at earrying water from

This | sance in Rome.”
| captivating specimen of grotesque humor,
; Which may not unreasonably be compared |

Elizabeth

|as to why her British sisters throw stones

‘and mob Cabinet Ministers in an erticle |
lentitied “Why,” which appears in. Every- |

| body's Magazine. The writer cabs: “In

that home in which woman is told she is |
tostrule as queen’ she has not only no!
control over eny, portion of the means of |

By

HENRY T. FINCK

. , |
Robins, the English writer, |
‘answers the questions asked by editors

With a Chapter on

2.00 Net

livelinood (uniess she owns or ecrns it |

| (vignifieant they are born

out of wedlock.

exception)

has slready appointed one.

She crnnot, even if she |
act |
for them after her death, if her husband |
A man con!

|

work that the house is in danger of being | his wife and lesve her penniless he omn

flooded and the apprentice, fearing his) ¢ve" will his property cway from his |
} children and leave them penniless charges |

master's wrath and unable to send back
to the deep the spirit he has summoned,
tries the experiment of cuitiig the broom
in two. ‘The two halves prompily begin
a double tour of duty and «= watery troe-

Dukas's ingenious rhythmical em-
bodiment of the hobbling broom, and his

thanked her volubly and dis- | 8kill at imperting-variety of treatment

to this persistent rhythmic motive were
made by Mr. Mahler and the orchestra
last evening tocount a* their full value
The range of dynamica was wide, and
the gam! of colorample, The precision

jupon a penniless widow.”

| _

\ characteristic letter written by Mr
| William Dean Howells nearly twenty years |
ago has beoa found pasted in a copy of ,
| “Venetian Lite.” which came up for auc- |
_— at the sale of the Coliin Armstrong
liprary Among cther things Mr. How-
| elts wrote: “My Aistes shut the jaybird's
foct into the door of his cage the other
morning. Now whenever he sees hér
he stands on one leg asa slight reproach

tu ber and an appeal! to the sympathies of |
the genoral public. When ahe is not ty

|
!

 

of the string choir and the excetient work | his log is actively used for stamping anc |

of the trumpets and of the wood wind
instruments, which carried much of the
rhythmic burden, were noteworthy,
and the erchestra achieved clearness and
of tone, while lacking
nothing in weight and muscularity of
utterance.

Last evening's concert was the second
of the Philhirmoniec Society's first series,
and Cernezie Hall was comfortably
filed for the oceasion. The other orchea-
tral numbers were Brahma's F major
Symphony end the Bach suite that was

played at the first concert_of the soci-
ety's historical series The assistine
artist was Mme. Teresa Carre jo, the

Venezuelan pianiet, who reappeared after
an absence of 2 season or two looking as
handsome as over and played the Weber
“concerigtueck” with alkof her old time
brilliancy and power.

Mme. Carrefio’s art ia perennial, and
in this Weber music her strong, ciean
yet not unwomanly touch was duly
effective. The “Concertatueck” belongs
to a historical period, and ite day is of
several generations ago, yet there is
vitality in it yet, and such a performance
as last night s brings out most of what it
contains. Mme. Carrefio was warmly
applauded.

In the Brahms symphony Mr. Mahler
and the orchestra showed their joint ap-
preciation of the composer's dramatic,
as well as of his lyric moods, The last
movemeént brought with it a sweeping
climax that struck home. The repetition
of the Bach suite, with Mr. Mahler at the
clavier, was by request, and its perform-
ance disclosed anew the conductor's in-
sight into the imperishable human ipt
est that underlies what Bach wrote.

er-

News of Miays and Players.
Charles Frohman will go to Chicago

!next Thursday to supervise the prepara-

tions for “The Fires of Fate,” the Conan
Doyle play which is to be produced at the
Iilinois Theatee on December 6. Doyle
and William Gillette are to see tho play
with Mr. Frohman. Other plays which
Mr. Frohman has in mind for Chicago
will be presented at the new Jackson
Theatre. now being built. Syndicate
lays will be seen at the Powers and
ulinois theatres, but Mr. Frohman says
that the new house will be institutional
in character and devoted to first claas
apecial attractions from everywhere.
Many playwrights will attend its first
performance.

Joseph M. Gaites presented the musical
play “Bricht Eyes” at New Haven yester-
day. It ia by the same authors as “Three
Twins." the book being by Charles Dick-
son, the lyrics by Otto Hauerbach and
the music by Karl Hoschna.

Maude Adams was one minute late in
arriving at the Montauk Theatre in
Brooklyn for yesterday's matinée because
the automobile in which she was going
across the Williamsburg bridge from
Manhattan was caught in a jam, caused
by a truck horse falling. She was some
distance from the end of the bridge and
had to walk. On the other side a kindly
chauffeur gave her and her maid a lift.

far
Manhattan Sungiay Concert,

Oscar Hammerstein has added to the
programme for next Sunday's concert
tat the Manhattan Opera House Joseph
Malkin, the Russian ‘cellist, who comes
to this country with the indorsement of
Arthur Nikisch and other well known
European conductors. He will play num-
bers by Saint-Seéns and Popper. Carmen
Melis, Lalla Miranda, Jeanne Gerville-
Reache, Alice Baron and MM. Zerola,
Carara, Gilibert and Dufranne will also
appear. ; :

KAISER A GOOD SITTER.

Artist Ury Back With Pleasant Memories
of Witheim It.

Adolfo Muller Ury, the portrait painter
whom Herman Ridder sent to Berlin to
make a picture of the Emperor William,
returned yesterday by the North German
Lloyd liner Prinz Friedrich Wilhelm
much impressed with the good humor
and genius of the Kaiser.

Mr. Ury has painted the Pope, who was
an unusually agreeable and patient sitter,
and he declares that the Kaiser is not
inferior to his Hoiiness in his cons idora-
tion of the requirements of art and art-
ists. pesgetencs from Berlin have told
how the Kaiser expressed a willingness
to give Mr. Ury as many sittings as he
needed and of his interest in America and
Americans.

Mr. Urv regards the picture as one

of his best. He did not bring it with him
becaure the Kaiser insisted on keeping
it a while to show to his friends. He was
much impressed by it, and said he re-
gretted that he could not keep it perma-
nently, regarding it as the best portruit
ever painted of him, Mr. Ury said.
. Mr. Ury did not know what disposition
would be made of the picture finally.
is said that it will be presented to the
Metropolitan Museum of Art.

 

Cook -Van Nest.

Oceanic, N. J., Nov. 26.—Mias Rose Van
Nest, daughter of Justice and Mrs. Levi
B. Van Nest, was married to-day to Benja-
min P. Cook, son af Jesse Cook of Mon-
mouth Beach. The ceremony was per-

dormed vy the Rev. ¥. H_ Diebl, pastor o

the byterian Church, at the Nome of
t bride's pa The bride wore £
wit

esmaid was

           
     

  

 

 

yors,

r of the
hla ward

he

Patna

inoess gown oF whit satin trimmed
Raabe drawn la er br
» & sister, who
in, gown tr wit
CM a

tia

+ *

} structing Before 1 got

| head off the father of his country in the
j}acamp. He isa friend of literature though
and brings my father all the pens he can
find when he sees him writing.”

The exteut to which fiction and the
| Stage are being associated through dram-
atized novels 4nd novelized plays is
illustrated in the records of a single pub
| lishing house.
fand in America are eleven plays which
are also known in book form. Among
these are “Trilby,” now being played by
| Sir Herbert Tree; “The Right of Way,”
;"The Barriew,” “The Spoilers,” “The
| Awakening of Helena Richie” and “Ars@ne
| Lupin.” Novelized from the play were
“The Witching Hour” and “The Squaw
Man.” Printed as books but stil! re-
taining their form as plays are “The Ser-
vant in the House,” “An Englishman's
Home” and “The Man from Home.” Two
other novels are to be added to the list
of novelized plays soon, “Ann Boyd”
and “The Inner Shrine.” Among the
writers of ali these only one did the double
work uneaided--Mr. Augustus Thomas,
author of “The Witching Hour.”

|

 

In connection with t bicentenary of
Dr. Johnson's birth at Lichfield a new book
based on newly discovered manuscripts
will be published under the title of “Dr
Johnson and Mrs. Thrale.” The book
'includes the manuscript journal of Mrs.
Thrale's Welsh tour with Johnson, which
is entirely unknown, and Mr. Broadly,
} the editor of the book, has secured few
| and unpublished letters to Mrs. Thrale of
| Oliver Goldsmith, James Boswell, Fanny
| Burney, Elizabeth Montague, Arthur
Murphy, William Seward and many others
of the brilliant Streatham, which played
/eo important a part in the life of Samuel
Johnson. Mr. A. M. Broadly, the editor,
ia the joint author of Nelson's “Hardy,”
“Napoleon and the Invasion of England,”
and other books.

 

 

 

 

|
| ,

Rear Admiral F. E. Chadwick's work on
“The Relations of the United States with
| Spain” is to be published next month.
| The author commanded Admiral Samp-
son's flagship, the New York, during the
| war and is well known as a close student
of history. The book takes un the rela-
tions of Spain and the United States from
| the first time they came in contact with
each other, throws new light on the
Louisiana Purchase from France, the
events of the Grant administration and
| the Cuban question, It traces finally in
a comprehensive manner the incidents
which led up to the Spanish War. The
first volume deals with the diplomatic
snide of the subject. In a subsequent
volume Admiral Chadwick will discuss
“The Spanish-American War.”

“With the holiday number Harper's
Bazar appears in an enlarged form and
with an index brilliant with notable
names. Katherine Cecil Thurston, the
author of “The Masquerader,” has a new
serial entitled “Max”; Gertrude Atherton
writes of “The Woman in Love"; Mark
Twain contributes an article on “Marjorie
Fleming”; Julia Ward Howe has.a poem;
Ralph Pulitzer writes of “New York So-
ciety at Work,” and Ruth Putnam gives
an interesting account of Prihoess Juliana
of Holland. A new department has been
added dealing with the “woman move-
ment” on both sides of the Atlantic. Ida
Husted Harper writes for the December
number on “Votes for Women,” and
Mary Cholmondeley will contribute an
article on the aame subject for the January
number. Mr. Henry James will answer
the question “Is There an Existence After
Death?” according to his own theories
in the first number of the new year.

 

 

|

William Dean Howells, writing of George
Meredith in the Harper's *Fasy Chair”
|for December, says: “Unquestionably
| Meredith is a poet, unquestionably he is
'a social moralist, unquestionably he is
ln great soul. But was he an artist, like
| the really great artists in English fiction,
| who could so wholly lose themselves in
| their creations as to make you forget their
jart?) Was he such an artist as Jane Austen
| was, or as George Fliot was, for a'l her
| proboscis and protruding teeth, or as
|Mr. Thomas Hardy an@ Mr. Fben Phill-
| potis are? Is he not rather to be classed
with Scott and Bulwer and Dickens and
Reade, and with Thackeray in his least |
| dramatic moments, or is he not still rather |
more of the like of Disraeli, a maker of
arahesques in which the shapes of life
are interwoven, but life is not portrayed?”

 

“Paladino and Her Phenomena,” by |
Hereward Carrington, is a new book of |
timely interest. There are numerous |
| olumes on Paladino in French and Tielian, |
|fbut Mr. Carrington's is the first English |
etudy of this new medium.

thie |
lleiter posted Jerry (the bird) ate the |

On the stage in England |

their success in this book.

advice as to how to study,

engagements, managers, etc. ;
epoch-making chapter on those slight modifications of pae :
which constitute the essence and poetry of musical eloqueng

It is an extraordinary book of thrilling interest.

Charles Scribner's Sons

  

 
  

 
 

A big and brilliant

with a climax of

 

 

His book gives a detailed account of
whet happened at these séances as well
as a biatorical resumé of Paladino’s
work, commencing with Prof. Lombroso's
conversion in 1891 and continuing until
the past year. It also reviews the ex-
periments made with her by Richet,
Lombroso, Curie, Flammarion, Sir Oliver
Lodge and others.

The publication of William De Morgen's
new book, “It Never Can Happen Again,”
was timed to occur on the date of the
author's seventieth birthday. The title
has then a peculiar signification and
justification, for certainly the author's
seventieth birthday never can happen
agein. Appended to the book is a note
of “The Author to his Readers Only,” in
which he describes hia sensations on
reading the statement made by various
journals when he published his first
hook that the author was 70 years old.
“In the course of my attempts to procure
the reduction to which I was entitled
I expressed the hope that the said author
would live to be 70, and further, that
he would write four or five volumes
es long as his first in the interim. To
my thinking he has been as good (or as
bad) as his word. * * * I see nothing
to be ashamed of in the way this author
has come to time and can (so far) look
with complacency on the fact that we
are each other.”

 

Give books, but give them
carefully. Select them
where they best

known.

Dutton’s

31 West 23d St.. N. Y.

are

 

Have You Read
‘THE
PRODIGAL
FATHER?

‘
By-J. Storer Clouston, au-
thor of “The Lunatic at
Large.”

Sold everywhere $1.50

   

Half of the Glass
sold in New York as

Cut Glass

is pressed in a mould,

 

 

In this inspiring, helpful and most entertaining Dod
he points the road to success to every young person.with
genuine musical talent.—Boston Giobe.

CCESS IN MUS

nd How

PADEREWSKI

Caro, Sembrich, Eames, Farrar, Kreisler, Jean
Reszke, Willner, Renaud and others tell ot the secrets
Mr. Finck discusses all the pre
lems connected with a musical career and gives practi

ELIZABETH °
ROBINS |

rentine

New York City, unusual in plot,

Built around a love theme pra-ti-
cally new in fiction.

 

 
  
    
    

! French

   
 
    
   

 
  
 
 
    
 

  

may

  

  
   
 
     
      
     
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
  
      
  
 
  
    
 
    
    
   

It Is Won

“Tempo Rubato’’ by

Postpad 2 20

where to study, how to
Paderewski contributes

aX
ew

 
     
         
   
   
     

    
     
   
     
  
     
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
     
   
  
   
 
  
 
   
    
      
    
      
    
    
      
 
    
  
   
    
 
  

Second Large Pringi ing

novel of life in
great power.

12mo, $1.50

Colonial Sidebais

| Another exampte from a stock that com
tains many reproductions of the best that

has been created in Furniture,

Quality recognized, our prices a

a cepted standard of fullest possible

Schmitt Brothers,
| Evimihe ts” 40 East 23d
| Also Antiques and Reproductions

343 & 345 MADISON AVE.

‘

i

 
 
 
    
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  

}

  

|

    
    
  
 
    
   
 
      
   
    
     
  
   
   
  
    
 
      
  
 
   
      
 

torms

Good storm boots between
and heavy weather will pro

a@ comfort and health
We are ready to dem
that such boots
essarily heavy, are not:
essarily clumsy. “F, 8,
U.” storm boots are good
several seasons of hi
weather service. Calf fir
and waterproofed,
and wide toes.

$7.50

 

Shriner —
&, Urner,

wt

183 BROADWAY, si Building. ied
138s BRQABWAY, Sorvce Pram,
t st
149 WEST 424 St. Nect Drosune
7 @ 510 Fulton Street.

 

 

——

LONG SANG Ti:

| CHINESE CURIO CO.,
293 5th Ave., bet. 30th and 3ist Sts.
ti

ra

  
   

 
   
 
  

q