“VOL. LXXVIL—NO. 189.
“gh AVE SALB” 1S CALLED OFF

WHEN DR. LONG SEES POLICE.
WEN IN HIS CHURCH.

 

Law Says Masked Men Mustn’t Appear
in Public Heuses Without 4 Permit
and Cops Were Primed te Enforce It—
Preacher Raps Commissioner Hebberd

Four policemen from the Snyder avenue
station in the Flatbush section of Brook-
lyn honored by their presence last night's
services in the Parkside Presbyterian
Church, on Lenox road near Flatbush
avenue, at which, according to previous
announcement, more of the masked slaves
such as were “sold” on the night of Lin-
coln's Birthday were to be disposed of by,
the pastor, the Rev. John. D. Long. Dr.
Long, noting from the pulpit the presence
of the policemen and being under some
resultant anxiety because of his ignorance
of the reason for their presence, omitted
the selling of the slaves from theevening’s
service.

It happened that late yeaterday after-
noon Lieut. McMahon, who was sitting
at the desk of the Snyder avenue station
in the absence of Capt. Dulford of the
precinct, discovered section 452 in the
Penal Code Thissection reads that “an
assemblage in public houses or other
places of three or more persons disguised
by having their faces painted, discolored,
colored or conceal’d is unlawful.” The

’ section continues to say that if it is pur-

posed that such persons are to appear
with their faces concealed permission
must first be obtained from the police
authorities. A euoceeding paragraph
holds the manager of any place where
persons appear so concealed without a
permit guilty of a misdemeanor and
fixes a stiff punishment.

Having studied these clauses in the
Penal Code Lieut McMahon decided that
when on the evening of Lincoin’s Birth-
day the “sale” of the masked slaves had
been managed by Dr. Long in the Park-
-ide church and that there were more
han three of the slaves on that oocasion
ho appeared masked, a law had been
iolated unless Dr Long had ‘firat ob-
iained permission of the police depart-
nent. The lieutenant came to the con-
Jusion that there would not be another
iolation of Section 452 last night He
id not know certainly whether Dr. Long

could be considered the manager of the
arkside Church, but he thought it beet
be on the safe side.

Accordingly he despatched a-police-
nan in uniform to the church at 8 o'clock
ast night and subsequently he detailed
«wo plain clothes men to go around there
isc His instructions were that if more
han three persons appeared in the church
with their faces masked during the ser-
vices inquiry should immediately be
made of-.Dr.. Long as to whether or not
he possessed the requisite police permis-
tion for such a display If he did not
ihe officers were to enforce the law.

Before the first policeman arrived at
the church Dr. Long bad announced that
after he had finished with his address
cn “Prosperity for the Prosperous,” and
after E. 'T. O'isgughlin, head of the recently
rganized Parkside League for the Dis-
employed, had read some letters’ showing

‘he progress of she work, some twenty
cf these “disemployed,” who would be
masked to save their feelings, would be
told from the pulpit. After that Dr.
Long devoted himself to a considefation
(f the nnpleasant things Commissioner

‘f Charities Hebberd was reported to have
said of the “mare sale” on Lincdtn’s Birth-
aay,

He said at the sale of siaves was not
a sacrilege, as the Commissioner was

1oted as having intimated, but a holy
‘hing, worthy ofany church. The pastor,
who is active in the Christian Socialist
Feilowship, then continued to read Com-
missioner Hebberd.a lecture for his lack
of sympathy with the thousands of men
out of employment. He went so far as
to intimate that. one reason why the
Commissioner .was opposed to the spec-
tacle of white slaves being sold from a
«burch pulpit was that the fact that any
man was willing to sell himself even into
& sentimental and fictitious bondage did
not refect credit upon the labors of the
Department of Charities. *

“If the Commissioner at any time
thould be out of employment for eighteen

months at a stretch,” eaid Dr. Long, “it

is possible that he would be somewhat
of a bum himself.”

Dr. Long had just finished hia arraign-
ment of Mr. Hebberd when the door in
ihe back of the church opened and a
uniformed policeman, who did not re-
move his cap, stepped in. A minute later
4 mounted policeman, who had hitched
his horse to the post autside, joined the
frst. He did not remove his cap either.

Mr. O'Loughlin, who had just taken
‘ne pulpit, spotted the uniforme first
‘od he cast an inquiring glance at the
fastor Dr. Long looked his surprise,
but he said nothing. He seemed to be
‘nxious to have a talk with the police-
men, but they remained standing behind
the last row of pews and appeared to have
ho message to convey to Dr. Long.

Mr. O'Loughlin hesitated for a minute
and seemed to be weighing something
in his mind, then he launched into an
address, in which his remarks concerning
Commissioner Hebberd were considerably
lees pointed than those of Dr. Long. Mr.
O'Loughlin, who said that he was a poli-
‘clan, seemed to have scented @ coinci-
“snca between the pastor’s remarks
aout the Commissioner and the appear-
ance of uniformed

wi Vhen he arrived at the point of reading
forme of the letters he said that he had
'eceived from men out of employment
“Loughlin suddenly . adopted the pre-
caution of sending the letters down to
'he congregation in order that his read-
ings might be verified. Although the
church members séemed to show every
confidence in the correct reporting of
Mr, O'Loughlin and no one was eager to
san the letters the speaker was quietly
insistent He looked from time to time

y*' the policemen still standing stiffly

4* the back of the ehurok.

In the middle of the letter redding
'ne church doors swung again and two
plain clothes men came in. They sald
* word to the mounted policeman and he
o Sparted Then they sat down in the
‘| ew without making any manifest
' to communicate with Dr Long or
Mr E cughlin,

The latter fidgeted on the pulpit and

OM ry

A

\

     
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
 
    
   
  
 
    
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
 
 
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
   
  
  

then with a letter in his hand he walked
down the aisle of the church, exhibiting
it here and there. He paused in front of
the plain clothes men and pushed the

letter at them.

“Do you wish to see if I have read this

correctly?” inquired O'Loughlin. One
of the officers said that he did not care
what was in the letter.

“Well, what do you want here, then?”
O’Loughlin asked.
you want and Dr, Long doesn't, either.”

“Oh, that’s all right,” came the assur-
ance.

Mr. O'Loughlin went back to his letter
He

reading and his king.
talked for an hour; and atill the three men

from the police station waited in the rear

of the church. All this time the twenty-
odd “slaves” who were waiting to be sold

under masks sat in the two front rows of

pews expectantly.

-When he had finished Mr. O'Loughlin

had a short conference in low: tones with

Dr. Long and the latter announced that
because of the lateness of the hour if there
was no other business the services would
be concluded.

Then the two plain clothes men and the
uniformed policeman went back to the
station.

INSURGENTS STANDING PAT.

They Are Determined te Fight the House
Rales to the End.

WasniInoron, March 7.—Republican

leaders of the House are beginning to

admit that the insurgent movement

against the rules governing the conduct
of business in the lower branch of Con-
gress is more serious than they believed.
In fact, it is known that Speaker Cannon
and the other leaders are very, much
concerned over the state of disorgani-
gation that existe in the Republican mem-
bership. The

rgents against the
rules are standing t, determined to
fight to the end, and it is apparent that

they are to have the cooperation of the
Democrats.

The Republicans received a rude shock
on the day of adjournment. Champ

Clark, the minority leader, refused to
offer the customary resolution thanking

the Speaker for his “uniform courtesy”
in administering the rules. This indi-
cates to the mind of the insurgents that

can depend on the Democrats to
stand with them when the question comes
later in the month of adopting rules
for the new House.

As to the Speakership, no ‘doubt is
expressed in any quarter that Mr. Cannon
will be reelected. But there is a sugges-
tion that Mr. Cannon might refuse to re-
main in the chair if substantial changes
in the rules were forced on the House
in the face of his opposition. James E.
Watson -ef Indiana, whose term as
Member of Congress expired on March
4, will remain in Washington for the
present. He has many friends in the
House, and it ia understood that he stays
here for the purpose of laboring with the
insurgents who are bent on changing
the rules. A good deal of plenary
work along this line will be done ih the
next few weeks.

POLICE DOGS FBLL FUGITIVES.

Max and Nogi Succeed Where the Biped
Cops and Their Gans Fall.

Four bakers were standing a* the
railway station at New Utrecht avenue
and Forty-ninth street, in the Borough
Park district of Brooklyn, early. yester-
day morning discussing union labor.
Three of them, Jacob Gutland of 4019
Twelfth avenue, Brooklyn, Samuel Taub-
man of 108 Clinton street, Manhattan, and
Nathan Shapiro of 184 Orchard street,
Manhattan, were holding up the union
side against Samuel Stern of 159 East
Second street, Manhattan. They all work
in the Borough Park Bakery.

Presently the discussion warméd them
to fighting heat and the three union men
set upon Stern. Stern roared for the
police.

Policeman Jane. O’Dea of the Park-
ville station, with the police dog Max,
was standing a block away. He heard
the yells and set out at full speed for the
scene of the fracas. He says that he saw
the three bakers beating Stern.

When they saw him coming they took
to their heels. O'Dea blew his whistle
and shot his gun into the air. Max
bark Both took after the three bakers.
At corner of Eleventh avenue and
Forty-seventh street Policeman Michael
Nicholson, with the police dog Nogi,
joined in the chase.

The two policemen had trouble making
speed because their rubber coats and boote
clogged their legs. But the doge dodged
in and out between the legs of the three
assailants of Stern. That slowed them
up, and then the dogs got in front of them
andlet the fugitivesfall over them. When
the men tried to get up the dogs pounced
upon their chests and keeled them over

in.

In a toinute or two the policemen came
up and arrested the bakers. They took
them to the Parkville police station and
there Stern charged them with assault.
In the Flatbush court yesterday morning

they pleaded not od ae strate
Sree held oe EY oe for
exam lon. © case See up again
cent Wednesda

y.
KILLED THE WRONG MAN.

Bullet Was Meant for Victim's Brother
in Brooklyn.

John Schweitzer of 510 Robbins avenue,
The Broox, was locked up in the Ray-
mond street jail, in Brooklyn, yesterday
afternoon charged. with the murder of
Andrew Kaupper on Friday night at the
home, of Kaupper's mother at Stanley

 

and Vienna ees East New York.
time of the shooting Frank Kaup-
, Andrew «,brott brother, Wes cline wore ‘Up
and were
tei that the shooting wee oat GS woah
a man was ae This third

and ter 6 be
on be Bolles _ploked

a ved OPE, ets

orn and aen't :Behiweltasr,

r,

ere aa etre aa
> He said po] wore ese ape Kaper.

Frank

Kaupp ered hi lit ae uff anaes thought

Sohweitazer

Mrs. Reapper giving
oney qenente that he was
ey FO ch weitene had known Mrs,

were
Phe, id. Andrew Kau i
with Selo. while Frank fired wi ved

with

mother.
wos Friday night Schweitzer met Mrs.
Kaupper and Andrew and the three went
her home. They found Frank there,
eersitace aaid, Frank got into a
fom een Andrew because the latter had
t Schweitzer home wi him.
od Schweitzer and the

ti
shot at h but hit Andrew. Hel the
the revolver when he waa arrested. baae.

++ NEW

“I don’t know what

ae. Seances

YORK,
TAFT RIDES HIS NEW HORSE | PLAT? SAYS ROOT WILL LEAD.

Doest’t Think Hughes Can Make a Go of
It With t Nominatigns.

Ex-Senator Thomas C. Platt got back
from Washington on Saturday, looking
pretty well and apparently in good spirita.
He oleaned out his desk in the Capitol
on Friday, bade good-by to his friends
and returned here to devote himself to
the express business,

Mr. Platt received several callers yes-
terday at the home of Mrs. Gustave Abel
at 138 West Eleventh atreet, where he
lives. He wacn't inclined to talk very
much, however.

“I’m % years old, you know,” he said,

 

MONDAY. MARCH 8.

 

 

CROWD TO GREET HIM ON}
THE POTOMAC FLATS.

New President’s First Day of Real Rest
in a Leng Time—He Walks te His
Charch With His Brother and Mrs. and
Miss Taft Go to Another Church.

WasHtnoton, Marolr 7.—President Taft
this afternoon rode for more than two
hours on his big new Virginia hunter
He Bkarrent, en oe ee ‘ “and I think I’m entitled to keep my
whom Mr. Taft purchased the animal at Wacaials ahub cae

Hot Springs, Va. It was the first time! He made it plain in the little he did
the President had ridden Tate Sterrett say that he believes that his mantle has
and he was well pleased with the animal's | fallen on Senator Elihu Root.
action. The horse went quietly and “I do not think that ete: shea bee,
steadily all the way and showed no ner- |@nough judgment to er 0
: . | this State,” he said in reply to a question.
vousness over many automobiles and car. “Senator Root ought. to. be the leader.
riages which hovered near. In some! and I am quite sure that he will be. He
unknown manner it was learned that the | ig a good man and will make a good Sen-
President intended riding on the’ Potomao

ator and a good leader. But I don't
flats back of the White House and a great | want to draw any comparisons. The
many people turned out to look on. - Mr.

man who seems to have charge of poli-
Taft replied to all salutations with a wave tics just now is Gov. Hughes. I don’t
of the hand.

think anything of direot primary nomi-

nations. The Governor talks as though

President Taft was accompanied by|he could shape the destinies of the Re-
his aide-de-camp, Capt. Archibald W.
Butt, U 8S. A., who used to accompany

publican party around them, but I don’t
think he can. Certainly the better sense
President Roosevelt and ‘who was one
of the Roosevelt party that made the

of the party is against it.”
ninety-eight mile ride to Warrenton, Va.,

"Do you think that Mr. Roosevelt,

when he returns from Africa, will enter
and back. There was no fast riding
this afternooh, however, and not more

politics again?” somebody asked.
than ten miles was covered.

“Well, he may butt in,” came the an-
ewer. “You know he’s always been great

President Taft and Capt. Butt left the
south entrance of the White House

for that.”
Mr. Platt said that he expected to visit
grounds promptly at 3:30 o’clook. Fol-
lowing behind the pair was Sergt.

Washington occasionally.
McDermott of the Regular army, who

“I’m going to attend to my business
at the United States Express Company's

was President Roosevelt's orderly and

who is one of the best pistol shots in the

office now,” he,;said. “You know I’ve
army. He was in uniform. Shortly

got to work for a living. I expect to be
at business every day until I go away
thissummer. But once in a while I may
go down to Washington, because, you

after reaching the speedway President

Taft and Capt. Butt were joined by Brig.-

Gen. Clarence R. Edwards, chief of the

insular bureau of’ the War Department

know, I can’t help it.”

WON'T GIVE ROOM TO ROOSVELT
and a very close friend of Mr. Taft
The part rode around the speedway three

Detroit Hreker Refuses

Berths en the Steamship Hamburg.
times and then returned’ to the White
House, entering the south gate. The

Derrort, Mich., March 7.—Taking the
stand that ex-President Roosevelt is now
only a private citizen, and therefore not

air was crisp and clear and President | entitled to more than ordinary considera-

Taft enjoyed the ride immensely. tion, Archibald G. Ellair, a wealthy stook

The President had most éf to-day to
himeelf, and for the first time in a long
period he did as he pleased and was un-

broker of this city, has declined to give
up his stateroom on the Hamburg-Ameri-

hampered by receptions, business or offi-

cial functions of any sort. He did not

can liner Hamburg because it will be
needed for the use of Mr. Roosevelt and
} Ul hig party.
visit his office at all, although Mr. Car-| Mr. Ellair completed his arrangements
penter, his secretary, was there for a| gome time ago for a trip abroad, and
while. happened to hit upon the vessel upon
In the morning President Taft walked | which the Roosevelt party intend to sail.
to All Souls’ Church, at the corner of] 1¢ was found that the quarters allotted
Fourteenth and L streets northwest,/t) Mr. Ellair adjoined the Roosevelt's
a distance from the White House of more | and were needed forthe accommodation
than six blocke. After that he strolled | of the ox-President’s party.
over to the Archibald Hopkins residence Telegrams were immediately des-
on Dupont Circle, which is now occupied | patehed to the company’s agents here as
by Charles P. Taft. He remained there well as to Mr. Ellair explaining the situa-
for an hour and then walked down Con- | tion and requesting that heaccept a reser-
necticut avenue to Lafayette Square, | vation on another of the company’s boats
thence through Jackson place and into |The Detroit man declined absolutely to
the White House. do so and wired the Hamburg-American
Charles P. Taft accompanied the Presi-
dent to church. The President's eldest
brother ,goes nearly everywhere with

agents accordingly.
the President these days. Quite a crowd
was waiting around the church for the
arrival of the Presidential party. The
police stationed there had an idea that the
President would come in a motor car and
they and the waiting people were surprised
when he walked through the crowd. Two
secret service men clad imjong co&ts and
high hats followed President Taft. He
and his brother attentively listened to
the sermon delivered by the Rev. W. 8.
G. Pierce, the pastor. By the time the ser-
vice had been begun the church was
packed with the regular attendants and
sightseers. Outside there were a few
score who could not gain admission.

The President departed immediately
after the close of the service. He walked
through a lane of people, .bowing right
and left to respectful salutations. He
moved briskly and made good time, evi-
dently enjoying the crisp air. After an
hour with his brother and his family he
started back to his own home, arriving
there at about 1:30 o’clock.

Mrs. Taft went to her own church this
morning. This is St. John’s Episcopal
Church, which faces Sixteenth street just
aoross from Lafayette Square and near
the White House She was accompanied
by Miss Delia Torrey, the President's
aunt, and Miss Helen Taft, her daughter.
The party went to the church in a motor

 

 

A CELTIC SCHNEIDER

Born at Sea on St. David's Day and
Appropriately Christened.

There waa a democratic christening
party aboard the White Star liner Celtio,
in yesterday from Liverpool! and Queens-
town, two days after the birth on Monday,
March 1, of 4 son to Mrs. Heinrich Schnei-
der, a steerage passenger. The ship's
surgeon, Dr. Drinkwater, assisted in
introducing the baby to his mother, and
when it was proclaimed that they were
both doing well every woman in saloon.
gecond cabin and steerage insisted on
seeing the child of the sea. On Wednes-
day it was decided to christen him in
the second cabin and everybody—or
almost everybody—from all parta of the
ship assembled there while the Rev.
Philip Henry Linley,, rector of Christ
Church at Eau Claire, Wis., christened
the boy David because he was born on
St. David's day and Celtic for the ship.
St. David's surname is said by Wel
sailormen to have been Jones David
Celtic Schneider manifested signs of so
great vigor the moment after he was

that it was apparent that he was not
going to the other David Jones's sanc-
into which a large number of sea-
born babies descend. he new bo:

two small brothers and a little siater.

They are going to a farm. in the West.
bind oie lwes, the tenor, Acoonpetied
his wife, Lady Winifride Elwes; Thomas

 

  
  
   
 
   
  
   
 
 
   
   
    
  
 
 
    
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   

ca tits dereer shel Baer its
At All Souls’ Church Dr. Pierce took | 4, Lai basa Dr. Alcwandee ii Cowie

his text from the fifth verse of the third
chapter of Exodus: “Put off thy shoes
from thy feet, for the place whereon thou
‘standest is holy ground.”

Migs Helen Taft, daughter of the Preal-
dent, returned to Bryn Mawr Celine |
to-day. She was accompanied as far as
Philadelphia by her elder brother, Robert
A. Taft, who went on to New Haven to
resume his studies at Yale. Miss Taft is
expected to return here for the Easter
holidays.

The guesta at thé White House include
the brother-in-law and sister of the Presi-
dent, Mr. and Mrs. William H. Edwards
of Los Angeles, Cal.; Mr. and Mrs. Louis
More, the latter Mrs. Taft’s sister; Mrs.
Herron, sister-in-law of Mrs. Taft, and
Mias Torrey, aunt of the President.

Rear Admiral and Mrs. Cowles enter-
tained at breakfast this morning. Among
their guests were Mr. and Mrs. Charles
P. Taft of Cincinnati,

EXPLORED COLIMA VOLCANO.

American Undeterred by Violent Outburst
~—Conditions on the Mexican Mountain.

Muxico Crry, Maroh 7.—W. A. Butoh-
art, formerly of Lps Angeles, Cal., who
ia in charge of a large ranch and planta-
tion interests in Mexico, has arrived here
from a visit to the Colima voloano. He
says that despite the violent activity of
the volcano he succeéded in ascending
the mountain to a point above the tim-
ber line and made an investigation of the
effect of the ashes and lava which have
a¢ | been emitted during the recent erup-
tions.

He found no evidence of damage, as
the lava had flowed into the deep bare
rancas or gulches,and so far as he could
aie ‘porta ot the Tower spe
val ir

Me oa Mr. Bu rt was starting on
Wise saeani of ‘ae vokane it gave vent ¢

a terrific eur aeet af t ashew-and
stones, using terror among
inha tanta of the towne near its

were among the Celtic’s passengers
BURNED NEGRO TO DEATH.

Wha Attacked a Woman in Texas
Taten From Officers by a Mob.

Dattas, Tex,, Mareh 7.—Anderson
Ellis, who was brought here to-night
wounded, and who was started back for
Greenville in oharge of five officers, was
taken from the Missouri, Kansas and
Texas train by a mob of Rockwalifcounty
farmers when the train reached the town
of Rock wali and was burned at the stake.
He had on Friday last attacked the wife
‘of Arthur McKinney.

The intention of the offjéers to-night
was to place Ellis in the Hunt county
jail at Greenville without the Rockwall
county people knowing it. Information
however, seems to have reached the
farmers who had been searching, the
country since last Friday and they gath-
ered in force, at the railway station to-
night, overpowered the officers in charge
of Ellis and soon had the prisoner bound
to piles of woodand lumber saturated with
oil.

The negroe’s weakened condition from
his wounds made short work of the burn-
ing. He was apparently dead soon after
the flame’ began roaring around him.
The mob dispersed as soon ae ita work
had been accomplished.

The posse of Rockwall county farmers
who started last Friday to hunt Ellis,
killed Will Clark, a negro, earlier to-day.
The men had pursued Ellis into the
Rowlett neighborhood and heard he was
secreted in Clark's cabin. As the posse
was deploying to surround the cabin
Clark and Ellie ran from the house, The
o} ied re, killing Clark, but miss-

Ell Oo wsoa,
lig into Bunt at county

mo mid
greta ah ihe sigitt tang. an
im throu lung ai
et OD, - Sad ceher’ others’ oh. the
reenville and o officers
wounded negro and hurried him ‘to s olen.

 

 

 

 

te surrenderf | bail.

1909. wtb pertént 1009, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

IN. CONTINUING THEFTS or|
ELECTRIO LIGHT BULBS.

 

Police Arrest Five Men Who Are Charged
With Being in a Conspiracy With
Five Others Yet to Be Pinched—wU,
S. Express Employees Are Involved.

Inspector McCafferty and a squad of
detectives arrested yesterday five men
who are charged with participating in a
series of robberies of electrio light bulbs
from the Edison electric company. The
thefts, McCafferty said, are known to
amount to $30,000, There are still five
men to be arrested and for that reason
the police were not inclined to tell much
of the case. Inspector McCafferty gave
out the facta as follows: P

“For some time the Edison company
has missed quantities of electric light
bulbs. They put Edward J. and William’
F. Kenny, two of their detectives, on the
case and the two men got hold. of in-
formation concerning a plan to rob the
company wholesale. A conference of
the Edison officials was held and the case
was then put in MoCafferty’s hands.

A number of Headquarters detectives
were/ put into the Edison company’s
[lamp rooms at the foot of East Forty-
second street and on Saturday night they
arrested Millard Fillmore Shelley, a lamp
clerk, who lives at 1011 Willow avenue,
Hoboken. After a cross-examination last-
ing four hours Shelley confessed. As a
result of Shelley's confession the police
arrested August Helwig, a lamp clerk, of
71 First avenue; William Menges, also a
lamp clerk of 228 East Forty-second
street; Thomas Horan, an employee of
the United States Express Company, and
Leo Fallon, achauffeur, of 411 West Forty-
eighth street. The men were remanded
to Headquarters for forty-eight hours in
the Centre street police court yesterday,
except Fallon, who was allowed to go on

“There are still five more men‘ to be
arrested,” .4aid McCafferty last night.
“I won't give out their names now, but
I may say that one of the men we want
is a man who holds a responsible post
with the United States Express Company
and another man is one who has been
more or less in the limelight of late. The
amount involved, so far as we know at
present, is about $30,000 to $35,000, but
it may come to a much higher figure.”

According to the story told by Shelley
a dozen—men working for the Edison
company and the United States Express
Company got together to rob the electric
company. The plot was formed in Sep-
tember, 1907, and the robberies have
been going on ever since.

Shelley and two of the electric com-
pany’s clerks who worked in the lamp
rooms would pack bulbs in quantities
ranging from 1,200 to 2,400 and
send them to the’ office of the express
company at Twenty-third street and
Eleventh avenue. A wagon of the ex-
press company, which Shelley said was
obtained in Jersey “City, would call for
the bulbs and take them away The
bulbs are worth $482 for 2,400

Where they were taken or to whbm
they were sold MéCafferty refused to
say last night. He said that he would
not be able to give out any more of the
facts until the other men were caught

The official of the Edison company
refused last night to say anything con-
cerning the arrests.

WOMAN REFORMER A SUICIDE.

Bertha Wikies Elton Takes Carbolic Acid
—Believed in Sctentic Feeding.
Boston, March 7.—Mrs. Bertha Wildes
Elton, reformer, clubwoman and advocate
of dpecial education for wives, killed her-
self yesterday morning at her home in
Dorchester. That it was a case of suicide
the police did not learn till late last night.
About 2 o’clock yesterday morning Mrs.
Elton was found lying on a bed in her room
by a maid. She was unconscious and
Dr. David C. Widredge, who was sum-
moned, said that she had taken carbolic
acid. Death followed in a short time.
Mrs. Elton was 42 years of age and a
successful worker and lecturer for do-
mestic reforms, as well as an author.
One of her moat celebrated views was the
proper feeding of husbands. She said
wives should give their husbands dishes
approved by science as wholesome,
whether they like them or not.
“Give husbands not what they like to
| eat but what science says is good for
them,” she taught in her lectures. “Edu-
cation as to proper food should begin
with one’s childhood. Wives follow their
likes and dislikes in matters of food fully
ag much as their husbands. Favorite
dishes served only because they prove a
means of pampering the husbands are
usually disastrous to health in the long
run.”
bout two weeks ago Mrs. Elton ap-
peared before a legislative committee to
advocate her bill for the establishment
of a commission to investigate the condi-
tions of home life in Massachusetts, with
power to correct existing evils.

wee
DR. ORVILLE ‘AND DR. WILBUR.

Manich Technical School Confers Degrees
Upon the Wrights.
Special Cablé Despatch to THB Son,

Mowicn, March 7.—The Technical High
School has conferred the honorary degree
of doctor of technical science on Wilbur
and Orville Wright in recognition of their
achievements in aviation.

HELD CHILD ON HOT STOVE.

Housekeeper for Williamsburg Man Ar-
rested When Boy Dies of Burns.

Marjorie Miles, housekeeper for William
Johnson, a cabinetmaker at 125 Walton
atreet, Williamsburg, found Johnson’s
three-year-old aon Arthur so unruly
last Monday that she determined to
punish him, She held him over a_hot
stove and the boy was badly burned on
his back ani legs. Then Miss Miles
sent for Dr. J; H. ee who said that
the child ahoule be f oe hospital.
She refused and applied atch remedies
as she fs gag familiar ith, Last night the

 

 

 

bo
Wahneon went to the Clymer atreet
police station and told Lieut. Kohimen
about it. he swore out @ warrant.
The oman 5 was arrested and locked lf
the eres of ea She -
mitted the Kohlman.
Bho will be arral to-d

Nee

EDISON G0.ROBBBD OF $2, 000.

  
  
 
 

   
 
 

winds

Pair to-day; ‘aie ¢ oF snow to-morrow;
shifting to northeasterly.

 

     

    

    
   
 
   
 
    
  
  
  
   
    
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
    

PRICE TWO GENTS.

  
     

DICKINSON DELAYED. | é
Sree VAIN FIGHT TO SAVE A LIFE.
ww War Secretary Expects te Be on the “i
Job ‘Next Week.

Cricaco, March 7.—Jacob M. Dickinson,
a new Secretary of War, has found that
| he will need more time to settle up his
affairs with the Illinois Central Railroad
and has postponed his departure until
Thursday. He will arrive in Washing-
ton Friday evening and expects to take
up his new duties next week.

Mr. Dickinson will be the guest at al-
most nightly fétes until the day of de-
parture.

Mr. Dickinson to-day refused to com-
ment further on the refusal of Mayor
Dunne to attend the entertainment given
in his honor by the Iroquois Club, except
to say that he is and has always been a
Democrat.

“I believe that a man can be a good

 

TWO POLICEMEN OFF ‘DUTY
TAKE RISKS IN FIRE.

é

But the Man They Seek to Rescue is
Forced to Jump and Is Killed—The  _
Fire Put Out With Little Emort } —
and No One Else Is in Danger. -

Two policemen off duty fought their :
way through the flames in an apartment | #
house at 168 West 10ist street yesterday =»
morning in an effort to save the life of
Dengis Redmond, one of the tenanta. (
The policemen failed to reach Redmond | >
and the fire forced him to jump to the — Mi
street, three, stories below.’ The fall ._
killed him. .

Redmond, who owned.a-saloon at the
corner of Eighth avenue and Twenty-
eighth street, lived with his wife and | ‘
six children in one of the two front apart- ”
ments on the third floor of the five’ story :
brick apartment house. Directly acroas ~
the central hallway lives Sergt. Matthew *.
K.{ Clarkin, who is attached to the new
Tenderloin station, and his family. |

A few minutes before 10 o’clock yeater-
day morning Sergt. Clarkin, who wag
lying late abed after a night trick, héard
@ woman screaming fire in the hallway
outside of his apartments. He ran into
the hall, half clad, and found that emoke
was pouring out of the kitchen door of
the Redmond apartment. Mrs. Redmond
and three of her children were huddled
in the hallway calling for somebony to
go in and save Redmond. :

Clarkin grabbed a milk pan, filled
with water and hurried through the
monds’ kitchen’ and dining room into
the bedrooms beyond. The fu
of these two bedrooms was blazing, and

Democrat and yet not vote for Bryan,”
said the new Secretary. “I have never
voted any but the Democratic ticket.”

 

BIG AMMONIA PIPE BURSTS,

Upper East Sfde for Many . Blecks Gets a
Whiff of It.

A twenty foot ammonia pipe in the
plant of the Yorkville Independent Hy-
geia Ice Company. at the foot of East
Kighty-second street exploded last night
and before an engineer could get to the
valve which closes off the ammonia the
whole Yorkville district was eitting up
gasping for breath.

The pipe is one of eleven which formed
a section on the second floor of the plant.
The explosion was caused by high pres-
sure. The fumes spread throughout the
neighborhood in a short time and were
noticeable as far uptown as 125th street.
An engineer finally worked, his way into
the plant and shut off the flow.

    
       
     
 
 

     
     
   
       
       
     
    
 
 

   
 

TIS NO CRIME TO KISS

   

   
 

Even in Public, and Three Men Who Broke
In on a Farewell Are Fined.

   

   
  

      
 

Fugene rest, Franciso Chavolet | beyond, in the parlor of the fiat, Clarkin
and Francis Courtinode came out of a/| found nd struggling with a blazing
house at 200 West Twenty-fourth street | mattress. He was dragging it across me

    
   

r toward the windows.

The police sergeant started to
Redmond a hand with the mattress w:
suddenly the flames th: whioh oe
had just passed, fanned by the draught
from the airshaft, hemmed ‘them
The ings in the parlor caught 1
Redmond and the policeman wareniseera

Clarkin ran to a side door that
into the main hallway at the left ves |
parlor. It was locked.

“Where’s the key?” he bawled to Red-
mond, who had §Sumped through
flame to the front windows.

“The key’s back in the kitchen on pa
shelf. We can’t get it—we can’t get it,",
said the terrified man at the window. ~

“Well, come’ on with me. We've
to make a run for it,” said Clarkin, and;
with head down and hands about hig.
eyes he plunged through the flames in
the two bedrooms and out into the kitch@n:
Redmond remained behind. :

Patrolman James E. Drexler of the”
Delancey street station, who lives at
104 West 10ist street and was passing —
158 when the tenants began to rush out,’
fought his way up two flights of stairs
and crawled along the floor on his knees.
to the parlor door which Clarkin hand:
found locked.

Drexler heard the feeble shout of a
man inside the room, and standing in’ ~|
the blinding smoke for a second ho baie
a dash at the locked door, hurling ae
shoulder against the panels. The door
gave way with a crash and Drexler
aprawled his length along the burning
carpet in the room within. He jumped.
to his feet and started to dodge back
into the doorway when through the flames |
he saw the figure of Redmond outlined
in one of the windows. The man had
climbed to a sitting positinn on the -_- i
and was about to jump.

“Don't do it!” Drexler yelled and screen-
ing his mouth with his coat he (made his
way back into the blaze, one hand dut-
stretched and groping for Redmond. He
saw the man slip out of the window just
before he could grasp his collar; Then
the policeman, his coat afire and all of
his hair singed off, dashed back through
the flames and out into the hallway-

When Redmond leaped from the win-
dow his body dropped down to the areg-
way steps leading to the basement and
his head struck the brass railing weane:
ing the steps. ;

Dr. Charlton of the J.- Hood Wright 4
Hospital answered a call for an ambu-
lance. He found that Redmond had died _
instantly. Both Clarkin and Drexel were“
suffering from severe burnson the hands’
and wrists, They were treated at the Weat
100th street station and sent to their
homes. The firemen of Engine 76 and the
truck company that responded to. ;
alarm got the fire out before it baa
more than gut the front of the om
flat and lick up the woodwork in the par-
lor of the Clarkin apartment across the —
hall,

According to Sergt. Clarkin the whole
incident happened #0 quickly that pee
an alarm was turned in from the box
104th street and Broadway Redmor
had been forced to jump by the flames:
at his back, The only fire escape in the
apartment house runs up past the reas: |
windows and Redmond could not reach it,

How the fire started in the bedroom
only the dead man knew, for he was alone
in the room at the time his wife saw the
issuing from the docr.

ALL THE SPELLS IN| ONE.

Josh Billitgs Circular Now Ready
A Madison Avenue. fi
The Simplified ae Board has fj
published the promised al

betio List of Simplifications in Sf
recommended by the Simplified &
Board up to January 25, 1900," &
tains the words hitherto published in §
first liat (the three hundred words),
the two following seorniet, Mate, the ¢
issued January 25. i

The list as now
most exactly eleven,

  

late on Saturday night, Maxwell Me-
ditch of 424 West Fifty-seventh street
and Carmen Rogers Were in the hallway
saying good night. The sight offended
the Frenchmen, who threw the girl-into
the street. Meditch tried to defend her,
but he couldn’t handle three men, so he
ran away and got a policeman, who ar-
rested the three defendets of public
morals.

When the three were lined up in the

   

   
  
    

  

 

   
  

  
  
    
   
 

    

 

    
    

     

Jefferson Market court yesterday the
young woman exhibited her muddied

skirt and told her story.

“Did you see anything improper?”
asked the Court of the defendants.

“He was kissing her,” said one of the
three, pointing first at Meditch and then
at Miss Rogers, who blushed.

“That's no crime. I’m going to fine
you each $5," said Magistrate Corrigan.
“Next time you come across two lovers
saying good night you'll know how to
behave.’ We've got too many censors of
conduct in this town alreedy.”

      
    
 

      
        

   
     
     
     
     
     
      

     

 

 
    

MASS MEETING IN DELHI JAIL.

The Prisoners Adept Resolutions Tender-
ing Heartfelt Thanks to the Sherif.
MIppLETOWN, N. Y¥., March 7.—That
Sheriff Warner and Deputy Sheriff Mead,
who have charge of the Delaware county
jail at Delhi, are popular with the inmates
of that institution is shown by the fact
that at a mass meeting of the eleven pris-
oners in that institution the following reso-
lutions were unanimously adopted:
Resolved, ‘That the undersigned, now
confined in the county jail of Delaware
county, State of New York, respectfully
tender their heartfelt thanks to Charles

      
       
      

    
  

     
     
       
   
     
     
     
 

Warner, Sheriff, and to Harry Ward, deputy
sheriff, in grateful recognition of the gen-
tlemanly and extraordinary fair treat-
ment that they have shown to one and all
of the undersigned while in their keeping
in the said jail, and be it further

Resolved, ‘That a copy of these proceed-
ings be transmitted to each of the said
gentlemenvand that a copy be posted in a
conspicuous place inside the said county

      
     
     
     
   
     
     
     
    
     

The signatures of all the prisoners were
appended to the document.

      
    

REVOLT AGAINST YOUNG TURKS.

a

    
 

 

   

Troops on Guard at Yildiz, Kiosk Mutiny
in the Sultan's Favor.
Epeciat Cable Despatch to THR SUK.

CONSTANTINOPLE, March 7.—There has
been further trouble among the troops
forming the guard at the*Yildiz Kiosk,
the residence of the Sultan.
| The men refused yesterday to take
orders from officers belonging to the
Committee of Union and Progress.
assembled in front of the palace
stormily cheered the Sultan and declared.
| that they recognized him and his ap-
pointees only.

The outbreak: threatened for a while
to be ugly, but to-day the rebellious
battalion was replaced by one that is
loyal to the Government.

      
   
    
 

  
 
   

  

 

       
 

 

 

     
 

  
    
   
      

 

 

     
 

ADRIFT ON AN ICE FLOE.

  

 

  

Lone Man Floating Down the Missouri
River,

Omauwa, March 7.—Just at dusk to-
night a man clinging to an ice floe was
seen going down the Missouri River
making frantic efforts to attract the at-
tention of people on the Union Pacific
Railroad bridge. Before help could be
given he was swept on by the current
and disappeared in the darkness.

Towns below Omaha have been notified
by telephone to be on the lookout for the
pg nigh tag Me See if possible. There
ia little hope he will be

The Missouri is unusually high and ie
running full of slush and ice, but with
only occasionally a large fioe. There is
scarcely a chance of the man making
his own way ashore and boats can
live in the water of the ice,

MacVeagh Arrives tn Washingten. ae
Wasurmmotor, March 7,—Franklin Mao- pen
Veagh, who will be Seoretary of the Treas-| words in simplified fegm term ooh ar
ury in President Taft’s Cabinet, arrived | gerd, ilond, avtum, » honor, he
in Washington from Chicago late this] activ, imagin, desk, dae :
afternoon. He dined to-night with Frank | hundred forme ending in ed now simpli
H. Hitchcock, the Postmaster-General. | tod or t, according as they are p
Mr. MaoVeagh told the press representa-| (as armd, burnd, compeld, imatild, pn
tives who saw nim at the Arlington that| slept, dropt, atopt), The list makes |
he would call.on President Taft and Seo-| pamphlet of thirty-two pages,
retarv Cortelyou to-morrow. He sald] the first four cofitain an in
that he was unable to say when he would | planation and a condensed
take the oath of office, It would depend
somewhat on the personal wishes and