—=———

VOL. LXIX.—NO, 355,

TIME OF CHEAP COAL NEAR.

ANTHRACITE WILL SOON BE 86.50
A TON, OPERATORS THINK,

 

 

Diltehell Has Played His Last Card--Tried
to Get Soft Coal Men to Prolong the
Strike and Falled—Miners Tired Al-
read)—-Plans for Big Output Made.

In spite of the disquieting reports that
}ouseholdera may have to pay from $10

to $15 a ton for anthracite coal this winter,
if they get anv at all, it was learned yeater-
day that there is not much likelihood of

them having to pay much, if any more than
the normal price for their winter supply
The operators are already laying plans to

a

rieet the great demand for anthracite
' | is expected when the mines open
avain, and they are ready to put them in
peration as soon as the strike is broken

President Mitchell of the United Mine

Workers, they say, has now played his
‘ card and presently the miners will
realize that the chance of any change in
t ittitude of the operators is hopeless
and will return to wotk, Though no one
{ mahe any exact predictions, the
pinion among the operators yes-

coneril
t iv owas that the strike will end lorg
enough before the winter to get the normal
eupply of anthracite into the market

The rneeting of operators in the office of

the Central Railroad of New Jersey on
Tneaday afternoon was the largest that
has been held since the strike began. The

eleven val-carrying railroads involved

the strike and individual operators
il were represented, It is understood
they were agreed that no matter where
the pressure cames from, the operators
would consent to nothing but uncondi-

tional surrender on the part of the miners.
\ representative of the Delaware, Lacka-
vanna and Western Railroad said yester-
lay, that in all likelihood, President Baer
f the Philadelphia and Reading road will
make a detailed report of the situation to
J Pierpont Morgan within the next few
cave

President Thomas P. Fowler of the New
York, Ontario and Western Railroad, said
yesterday to a SUN reporter that the talk
about three months being required to put
the normal supply of coal in the market
when the etrike is over was nonsense. He
believed that a month would be nearer the
mark

“Neither Bishop Potter nor the Civic
Federation, Senators Quay and Penrose
nor Senator Hanna will change the situa-
tion,” said Mr. Fowler. “The Civie Federa-
tion may make the attempt, but it will be
useless. Mr, Morgan's arrival will not
alter the case IT saw him to-day and had
a brief talk with him, but not on the strike
situation. Mitchell is reaponsible for all
the reports which have prolonged the strike,
He has had a hard time to hold the miners
from work and now he is at the end of his
resources.

“The result of the agitation for ald from
the bituminous miners resulted in two
sums, amounting together to $34,000, being
sent to the miners inatead of the large as-
sesaments which had been expected. In
addition several thousand dollars have been
contributed by the American Federation
of Labor and from other sources, Mitch-
ell's last mission to Indianapolis and
other places was to see the soft coal
operators and ask them to keep $1 a week
cut of the soft coal miners’ salaries to
keep the strike up, He made this request
on the pretext that the strike was a bo-
nanga to the soft coal men, but he failed.”

Mr, Fowler said, that when the strike enda,
the operators, who do not expect to be
able to get all their men back at first, be-
cause many of them have left the mine
regions, will confine their operations to
the richer mines. The poorest of the mines
will be left alone for a year or perhaps
more, With the men concentrated on
the mines giving the richest yield the opera-
tors will be able to insure a large output.
Though the strike will have lasted three

nihs, they expect by this means to have
the normal supply in the market in very

rt order

[he representatives of the coal-carrying

m panies all denied emphatically yester-
cay that they had advanced the price of

al to the wholesalers. When the mines
er: opened again, the schedule in force
before the strike will still rule. The dealers,
they said, are responsible for the present
advance

Many of the dealers sald that in case
the strike breaks before the winter, coal
will not be greatly above the normal price.
The high prices of the past two months
have been due, of course, to the searcity
of coal and the operations of speculators.
J Samuel Smoot, a member of the Retailers’
Committee of Five said:

*I believe that winter coal will be $6.50
a ton, which is a little above the normal,
but pending the end of the strike anthra-
cite will be very dear.”
The committee of five retail dealers
whieh is supposed to fix the schedule retail
prce of anthracite decided early yester-
day afternoon not to advance the price of
oal for some time yet. But the com-
nitree experienced a change of heart late

the afternoon, It met and raised the
schedule price from $9 to $10 a ton, Own-
em of apartment houses, hotels and office

{\dings are to be notified of this change

day, The dealers say that this change
~ necessary on account of the high whole-
scale prices. Prices in all sizes of coal are
to be advanced by the dealers.

The wholesale dealers assert that, al-

ugh the cireular price fixed by the
regular scale of the coal dealers is $4.45

ton, they find it impossible to buy it at
if ] rice

 

MILLS TO LEAVE PATERSON,

The M. J. Green Concern Is Ready to Move
to Raritan,

SOMERVILLE, N. J., Aug. 20.—The M. J.
(reen silk milla of Paterson are likely to
'ove to Raritan. Joseph 8. Frelinghuysen,
f the insurance firm of Jameson & Fre-
Jnghuysen of 86 William street, New York,

nterested in the welfare of Raritan and
has donated a valuable tract of land for a
rollisite

The owners of the mill have appeared
befor. a citizens’ meeting and stated that
they will move their plant to the town

the cl izens will erect a suitable building
on the site

The mill owners have agreed to pay 5
ber cent. interest annually on the invest-
tent and to pay the principal in ten years
A committes of citizens has started to
ralae the money for the buildings,

 

® Burnett's Cocoaine promotes the growth of the
halr, aod renders it dark and glossy..-Ade

 

“The 20th Centary Limited,”
one of the eight dally trains between New York and
Chicago via the
Dienensive

New York Central ines. A com-
L8-— Ade.

 

 

 

SISTERS AND FRIEND DROWNED.

a

The Girls’ Cousin Tried to Saye Them, but
Was Seized by the Drowning Man.

BRIDGETON, N. J., Aug. 20 —Two young
women and a young man of Bridgeton were
drowned at noon to-day in Canton Creek,
ten miles west of here They had gone to
Cumberland Causeway for a day's fishing
and crabbing

The girls were Millie and Bertha Fra-
linger, aged respectively 28 and 18 years
With them perished Peter Degen, a young
farmer

The three, with Frank Fralinger, a eonsin
of the girls, had gone out on the creek in
a skiff, leaving Chrissie, the girls’ youngest
sister, and the rest of their party on shore,
Passing under a low bridge which spans
the creek an eddy sent the boat against
the bridge supports and it was overturned

None of the four except Fralinger could
swim. He tried to save the girls, and
thinks that he would have succeeded but
that one of his legs was seized in a death
clutch by Degen, who had sunk out of sight.

In order to free himself Fralinger was
obliged to loose his hold on the girls, and
they went down to death, with their sister
looking on and before any help could reach
them from shore

Bertha was her mother’s companion in
a railroad disaster on the Atlantie City
meadows six years ago, when Mrs. Fra-
linger was so badly injured that the am-
putation of a limb became necessary
Bertha miraculously escaped harm

{RREST FOR ROBBING A CHURCH,

Castle Locked Up on the Complaint of Dr.
MacArthur's Sexton,

George S. Koster, sexton of the Calvary
Baptist Church, of which the Rev. Robert
S. MacArthur is pastor, caused the arrest
last night of a young man who said he was

Frank Castle, “clerk and secretary,” of
853 West Fifty-sixth street. Castle was
locked up in the Tenderioin station last
night, Koster saw Castle on Broadway,

pointed hun out to Policeman Perigo and
he wanted him arrested on a charge of
Castle
dodged around trolley cars for a block,

At the Tenderloin station Koster at first
refused to make a more specifie charge
Q@gainst Castle than that he was suspected
of burglary. When Sergt. Fuchs told him
that he couldn't hold Castle without some-
thing more tangible, Poster said that he
hac entered the Caivary Baptist Church
and stolen goods and money to the amount
f $250. This fact had been reported to
West Forty-seventh police,
Koster said

Castle said that at one time he had been
secretary and clerk to. the Dr,

MacArthur,

wild

robbery

was caught after he had

the et reet

tev

THIEF SHOT AT BERGEN POINT.

A Rallroad Detective Whom He Had Cut
Brought Him Down,

Letective Michael Levarett of the Cen-
tral Railroad of New Jersey, canght two
men stealing brass cappings from the wheels
of freight cars standing in the Bergen
Point section of Bayonne yesterday after-
noon. One of the men rar when orieced
to surrender and the other turned on the
officer and cut him severely on the head
and right arm with a big knife which he
carried,

Levarett fired at his assailant and
bullet struck him in the stomach.

The detective, exhausted from lose of
blood, then fell He was carriedto a near-
by house and later to the hospital

“The wounded thief meanwhile rdn shriek-
ing across the fields toward Fifth street,
and when he reached that thoroughfare
he was dripping blood at every step and
shouting “'m shot! I'm killed!”

Men, women and bovs rushed out of their
homes {n great excitement, just in time
to see him fall exhausted on the street
No one knew who had shot him or where
he had come from, but an ambulance was
called and the man was taken to the Bay-
onne hospital, where il was said that he
might die. He was reticent and would only
say that his name was John Smith

He is believed to be a member of a gang
that haa stolen thousands of pounda of
brass fromthe car fittings and whose steal-
ings have caused several breakdowns of

the

trains. The Sra pa had ite officers at
work for a long time trying to capture the
thieves

 

SIGEL DYING,

To Whose Standard the Germans Flocked
When Our Civil War Broke Out.

Gen. Franz Sigel, soldier, politician and
editor, is dying as his home, 563 Mott ave-
nue, The Bronx. Gen. Sigel, should he
live, would be 78 years old in November,
Born in Germany and educated at the
military school at Carlsruhe, he fought
with the revolutionists in the insurrection
of 1849, became their Minister of War, then
chief commander of the troops and finally
led the remnants of the revolutionary
army, which had at one time numbered
15,000 men, through three corps of the
royal army, to Switzerland

He came to this country in 1852, went to
St, Louis and at the outbreak of the Civil
War organized a regiment of infantry
and a battery. The Germans flocked to
him and he is credited with keeping Mis-
souri in the Union. He fought conspie-
uously throughout the war, taking part in
all the principal engagements,

In 1867 he came to this city and two years
later was Republican candidate for Secre-
tary of State. In 1871 he was appointed
Collector of Internal Revenue and in Octo-
ber of the same year Was elected Register
on the Committee of Seventy ticket. He
was appointed Pension Agent by Cleve-
land in 1886. He has written several books
on the German revolution in which he took
part.

GEN. FRANZ

 

GATES AGAIN CHECKED.
Osgood Faction Gets an Injunction and

Prevents Colorado Fuel Meeting.
Denver, Col, Aug. 20.—The annual
election of the Colorado Fuel and [ron Com-
pany officers, to have been held this after-

noon, was postponed by ao injunction
issued by Judge Mullina of the District
Court. The injunction was obtained by
A. M. Stevenson, attorney for George F

Bartlett, a stockholder in the corporation.
The application alleged that the present
controversy Was doing vast harm to the
shareholders and asked that the propert
be protected by stopping the fight until
such time as a hearing could be had in
court, All these things were granted in
Judge Mullins’s order

George F. Bartlett is secretary of the
Vietor Fuel Company, and although he
avers this move is made of his own volition,
it is understood he is acting in the interest
of John C, Osgood, who is said to be with-
out sufficient stock to elect a board and
who, it is alleged, wants the matter post-
poned until such time as he can acquire
other stock

Yates gave notice of a motion to dissolve
the injunction and the matter will be called
up for hearing as soon as practicable under
the practice in Colorado

 

Race Train to Saratoga,

Daily, except Sunday, until Aug. 2, New York
Central train leaving at 845 A. M. will have
through Pullman car, due at Saratoga 1.40 P.M
First race 2.15 P. M.--Ade

“NEW YORK, THURSDA

 

|

   

WORK; DON'T SEEK OFFICE, HE
TELLS SOUTHERN FACTIONISTS,

 

Mr. Lyon of Texas Informed That the Elec:
tlon of a Republican Congressman
in Such a State Would Amount to More
Than Loud Appiteations for Office.

OysTeR Bay, Aug. 20.—In a conversation
to-day with Chairman Cecil, Lyon of the
Republican State Committee of Texas,
President Roosevelt said some very severe
things about a certain type of Republican
factionists, the type which exerts itself
only to obtain recognition as the leading
faction, monopolize patronage and
get delegates to conventions, and never is
known by effective work on election day

The Presideut's remarks Mr. Lyon
were called out by the complaint which
Mr. Lyon came to Oyster Bay to make

Several weeks ago former Congressman
Hawley came out to see the President,
and on his return the Texas newspapers
blossomed with yarns that the President
was supporting that part of the Texas
tepublican organization which was seeking
to down Mr. Lyon

‘The President had never heard of the
factional trouble in any detail, however,
until Mr. Lyon came out here to-day and
asked what he could do to avert the ea-
lamity which seemed to impend over his
forces if the President were really going to
help the opposition

When Mr. Lyon hed stated his woes to
the President, Mr. Roosevelt said to him
with the utmost plainness and directness
that nobody had any right to assume to
speak for the President with regard to
affairs in Texas

The President said that he was not tak-
ing sides with anybody in Texas or against
anybody in Texas. He expressed himself
dissatisfied and

to

to

as altogether impatient
with those Republicans who devoted all
their energies o carrying on factional

divisions in any States like Texas or Vir-
ginia, in which the Republican party is in
a minority, but
sional chance to do something on election
day

The President said that he felt that the
credit and recognition would fall to those
Republican leaders who were able to make
a substantial showing at the polls, espe-
cially for the candidates for Congress, and
not to those who spent their tlme plotting
to capture delegates or receive offices

He tad Mr. Lyon that he coula explajn

nevertheless has an oocas

} this disposition of the Exeeutive to all

Texas Republicans of every faction. If
ever, in any such Southern State, the Presi-
dent told Mr. Lyon, a Republican Congress-
man were elected, it would amount to fal
more in the President's mind than any-
thing that could be done in the way of
making loud-sounding applications for
office.

Indeed, he said, he felt little impulse
toward recognition for an organization
which exists only for offices and delegates

Tt was learned that the President told
Chairtnan Babeock of the Republican
Congressional Campaign Commitiee, when
Mr. Babcock was here a few days ago, that
he was profoundly discontented with the
Virginia Republican organization, because

Y, AUGU!
PRESIDENT TO POLITICIANS, |

it did not make a respectable show of fight- |

ing to elect Republican Congressmen from
the western districts of Virginia

He told Mr. Babcock, too, that an organi-
zation which did not try to develop the full
strength of the party on election day had
no claims upon the President's attention

The President has told his visitors lately
that he did not want be regarded as
demanding impossible things of Southern
Republicans. He feels very strongly that
there are opportunities to elect Repub'-
can Congressmen in the South which are
neglec ted the of
organizations think that they have com-
pleted their claims for Federal patronage
by the simple process of organizing and
calling themselves Republicans and putting
out their hands for recognition as a matter
of right

One way in which worthy men in the South
may attract the President's attention to
themselves as available candidates for cffice
according to the men who have talked with
Mr. Roosevelt recently, is by accepting
nominations on the Republican ticket and
by making an aggressive and educational
canvass

A good man, a natural party leader,who
makes such a fight, may bring the record of
that fight to the President with the feeling
that it will serve as a first-class letter of
introduction for him

Other guests at luncheon to-day at Saga-
more Hill, besides Mr. Lyon, were Albert
Shaw and Frederick W. Holls. They didn’t
tell anybody what they came for. Mr.
Holls comes quite often,

Director Roberts of the Mint was another
caller. Mr. Roberts has bought the Des
Moines Register and will become an editor
some time during the next year. He said
to-day that he did not know just when
he would leave the Government service,
but that he was not going very soon,

Mr. Roberts said that he was one of the
most earnest workers for the tariff revision
plank in the Iowa platform

to

becanse the

mem her.

 

A RELIGIOUS MAN ANSWERED,

President Baer's Reply to a Devout Cor.
respondent.

WILkE8-Barre, Pa., Aug. 20.--An appeal
from a religious point of view has been
made to President Baer of the Philadelphia
and Reading to settle the strike, and he
has answered it. The appeal was made
by W. F. Clark of this city, who a few daya
ago sent Mr. Baer a long letter, He took
exception to President Baer's remark that
the strike ia not a religious matter.

In his reply Mr. Baer wrote;

I do not know Who you are T gee that you
are a religions man, but you are evidently
biassed in favor of the right of the working-
man to control a business in which he has no
other interest than to secure fair wages for
the work he does. I beg of you not to be dis-
couraged The rights and interests of the
laboring men will be protected and cared
for, not by the labor agitators, but by the
Christian men to whom God in His intinite
wisdom has given the control of the property
interests of the country and upon the suc.
cesaful management of which so much de-
pends

Do not be discouraged Pray earnestly
that right may triumph, always rememberin
that the Lord God omnipotent still reigns na
that his reign is one of law and order, and not
of violence and crime

 

 

 

Pocono Mountain Special
via Lackawanna railroad to Delaware Water Gap,
Stroudsburg and Mount Pocono wil continue
running on Fridays and Saturdays throughout
September, leaving New York at 21) M.--Ade

 

New York To-day; Chicago To-morrow,
The Pennsylvania Special, the busy man's train,
Only twenty hours to Chicago Ade

aaa ae

‘T 2

TEN MEN KILLED IN PULP MILL.

Disastrous Consequences pf a Bother Exe
plosion at Wilmington, Del,

WiuminaTon, Del, Aug Two
wrought iron digesters, or boilers, used at
the pulp works of the Jessup and Moore
Paper Company in this city exploded at
2 o'clock this afternoon, About one-half
of the building was destroyed, ten lives
were lost, three men were badly injured
and six are supposed to be under the ruins,
which were piled up thirty feet high

The boilers were used to turn wood into
pulp. They were upright and stood about
forty feet high, being six feet in diameter,
One of the pieces, about twelve feet long,
was thrown two hundred feet in the air
and came down on the ground, making a
hole five feet deep. The other boiler was
thrown into the Christiana River, one hun-
feet distant. The cause of the ex-
plosion is not known definitely

The men who were caught in the wreck-
age were sealded by steain burned
by acid in the bojlers loss to
the company is about $30,000
took fire

The work of searching for the vietims
began at once and was continued for the
greater part of the night

dred

and
The
The ruins

the

 

WISS VAN ALEN IN) MOURNING.
Iter First Appearance in) Public Since

Remington Shot Hinsett,

Neweort, Atig. 20.--Miss May Van Alen,
whose engagement to marry Robert KR,
Remington was recently broken, left Wake-
huret, her father's villa, to-day for the first
time since Remington shot himself on Mon-
day. She dressed in mourning and
wore a heavy biack veil,

Early in the day she entered a carriage
and was driven to the yacht club, and from
there she took a launch to the steam yacht
Rahda, where she passed the day with her
sister, Mra, Robert J. Collier

It is said that Miss Van Alen has can-
celled all her social engagements for the
season, Robert J. Collier, married
Miss Van Alen's sister last month, did not

Was

Who

play polo yesterday and to-day on account
of Mr. Remington's death. James J, Van
Alen, her father, was at the Casino this

morning watching the tennis

$2,000,000 FOR A THEATRE,

Sires Sell the New York to Klaw & Ere
langer — Frohman Takes Criterion End,
The New York Theatre Building, which

comprises ten and one-half lots, was sold

yesterday by the Sire brothers to Klaw

& Erlanger, theatrical managers. H. B

Sire, who managed the negotiations with

Abe Erlanger, said last night that the pur-

chase price was $2,000,000
The building has a block frontage on

Broadway between Forty-fourth and Forty-

fifth streets. It has a depth of 154 feet

on Forty-fifth street and 100 feet on Forty-
fourth street. There are two theatres
in the building and a spacious roof garden

The southern end is the Criterion Theatre.

Charles Frohman has been the lessee of

this theatre for several] years and soon

after Klaw & Erlanger acquired the property
vesterday they suld t' 9 criterion to him
andto Richard Harris, who is alsoa theatri-
cal manager

Oscar Hammerstein built the New York

Theatre in 1896. He bought the ground the

vear before, paying $1,031,000 for it. The

building cost him a million more, and when
it was completed the New York Life Insur-
ance Company held a mortgage on it for
$000,000

The building turned ont to be a white
elephant on Hammerstein's hands and he
was aoon in financial difficulties. Theatrical
managers and others said the new play-
house was too far uptown to be a success,
but Hammerstein was simply a few vears
ahead of tame, for three new theatres are
now being built in the same neighborhood.

   

 

In 1808 the New ‘ork Life foreclosed
the mortgage on the property because
Hammerstein owed interest amounting to

$14,500. A receiver Was appointed, and the
building was sold at auction. lhe New
York Life beught it in for the amount of
the mortgage and transferred it to the
Fifth Avenue Rea) kstate Company. The
Sires purchased the building soon after-
ward from latter company They
have held since, leasing the Criterion
Theatre

The building passes from the controlof

the
it

the Sires on Sept. 15. Klaw & Erlanger,
in a typewritten statement issued last
night, said that the negotiations for the

purehase of the building had heen going
on for six months, and that all contracts
existing between the Sires and other pro-
ducing managers which had been made
prior to the sale would hold god

Klaw & Erlanger have two theatres in
course of construction. The New York
is the ghird playhouse they will eontrol
The Rialto heard last night that this firm
was also negotiating for Daly's theatre,
but that rumor could not be verified,

The Sires still own the Bijou Theatre
They are building a new one at Broadway
and Forty-fifth street which they expect
to be finished by the first of next year
H. B. Sire said last night they also owned
property in the immediate vicinity of the
New York Theatre and might decide to
build another playhouse there

ey

ALGER OUT FOR SENATOR.

If Michigan Wants Him, He Says,
Willing to Be Chosen.

Detroit, Aug. 20--Gen. R. A. Alger to-
day issued the following formal statement
eoncerning his eandidacy for the vacant
Senatorship from Michigan

I will not seek the appointment er eleetion
to the of of United States Senator to
fill the vacancy caused by the death of Sena-
tor MeMillan. The office and honor are

He's

too

great to be thus gained, Should, however,
the people of Michigan, through their Logis-
lature, see ft to elect me to that high office

1 will accept it and fill it to the best of my

ability j
The announcement is dated yesterday,
although issued to-day. It followed’ a

consultation of the General's political
friends and advisers,and is taken to mean

that a Vigorous Caton palma will at onee he

instituted. Gen. Alger was asked if be
had selected a campaign manager. He
replied : 7

No, [haven't had time to think of that

T have been too busy deciding whether I
would be a candidate at all.”
DeiutTn, Minn., Aug. 20
composed of employers of Alger, Smith &
Co., ia being ormed to visit Michigan
and promote Gen. Alger’s election to the

United States Senate

A brass band,

 

Barn on J. D. Rockefeller's Place Burned.

TARRYTOWN, Aug. 20.-The Beatty barn
on John D, Rockefeller's place was burned
to the ground this afternoon, The origin
of the fire is unknown, and it may have
been of incendiary origin, Mr, Rocke-
feller’s loss is about $2,000,

The “Colorado Special" to Denver
from Chicago ts only one olght en route, icaving
Chicago 6:30 BP. M. dally. Low excursion rates
every day Via Chicago & North Western and Unioa
Pacitic Kys Offtces 27 and 461 broadway.—Ade.

 

 

Leave for Old Point Comfort
after lunch Arrive next morning after breakfast;

$139. “round trip,” Including meals and state
roor Mo delightful) Write Chamberlin aad
{fy gela for bouvkicts \de

|

 

LADY RAGLAN ON EXHIBITION,

POSES IN HER CORONATION ROBES
AT THREEPENCE A_ LOOK,

 

Money to Be Used for the Benefit of a
Hospital—Five Hundred Country Folk
Pay the Price and Gaze to Their Hearts’
Cuntent—Tea at Threepence Extra.

Special Cable Despotch to Taw Sun,

Lonnon, Aug Wearing her corona-
tion robes, Lady Raglan, wife of the former
Under Secretary for War, exhibited her-
self to-day at her country house in Beck-
enham. An admission fee of threepence
was charged and the funds go to the cottage
hospital

Five hundred of her ladyship's neigh-
bors and many families of country people
and tradespeople in Beekenham and Brom-
ley took tickets. A esroall red-haired girl,
guarded by a policeman, took tickets at
the gate. She shouted

“This way to where her ladyship is re-
ceiving guests; now please go right in.”

Then she ushered them into a email
drawing In the farthest corner.
Lady Raglan was seated by an escritoire
She was dressed in her white satin state
robes with her crimson cloak, her coronet
and the rope of pearls

The guests stood silent in open-mouthed
wonder at a respectful distance, Now
and then Lady Ragian would rive and sweep
her train across the floor, giving a view
of her searlet cloak and bringing mur-
murs of admiration and laudatory com-
ments from the crowd

The guests then went to the lawn where
tea was served at small tables at an extra
charge of threepence

» Lady Raglan conversed freely with her
guests regarding the necessity of support-
ing charitable institutions, She seemed
to be anxious that her guests should take
in all the details of her costume, even show-
ing the coronation medal, which was pre-
sented to peers and peeresses, The hos-
pital will benefit considerably as a result
of the show

It is likely that the example of Lady
Raglan in exhibiting herself fm her corona-
tion robes will be followed by several peer-
esses in ard of charitable undertakings. It
is reported that Lord and Lady Harris
will exhibit their robes at a bazaar in Bel-
mont, Kent, next week.

The latest coronation ode published
was written by Gen. Sir George Stewart
White, the defender of Ladysmith

room

SUPERSTITIOUS AMERICANS,
Don't Want to Travel Home on Same Ship
With Bodies of Mr. and Mrs. Fair.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun

Paris, Aug, 20.—Strict secrecy is main-
tained as to the ship which will transport
the bodies of Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Fair
to the United States. Mr. Gowdy, the
United States Consul, told Tar Sow cor-
respondent that the Consulate has been
inundated with inqutries from Americans
who are about to return home and are
anxicus to avoid the ateanshin aslected,
fearing that ita voyage may be unfortunate,

 

BALLOON TRIP OVER SEA,
—_——

Count de la Vaulx to Make Another At-
tempt Next Month,
Spectas Cadie Despatch to Tas Sun.

Paris, Aug. 20.~Count de la Vaulx is
preparing for an attempt to croas the Medi-
terranean in a balloon about Sept. 18. The
Count made an attempt to crosa the Medi-
terranean in October last, but had to aban-
don the trip because of adverse weather.

Santos-Dumont will, it is understood,
go to Switzerland on his arrival in Europe,
and will continue his airship experiments
at Geneva.

PRESIDENT SCHWAB DOWNTOWN.

Has Got Things in Shape, Chairman Gary
Says, and Can Take the Rest He Needs.
Charles M. Schwab, president of the

Ur.ced States Steel Corporation, reached

the company's office about 11 o'clock A. M.

yesterday and spent about an hour looking

over his mail and in conference with other
officers of the corporation,

E, H. Gary, chairman of the Executive
Committee of the United States Steel Cor-
poration, issued the following statement
after President Schwab had left Wall Street
for his uptown apartinents

“President Schwab spent considerable
time in my office this morning and also in
his own office and at the office of J. P. Mor-

an & Co. He is looking well and hearty,
There seems to be no doubt that he will soon
be completely restored to health. We are
all insisting that he take a much-needed
rest, During the last fifteen months he has
had more responsibility than one man
should assume, However, he has so sya-
tematized the business of the company that
it will not suffer during his absence, He will
probably sail within a day or two and will
take with him the best wishes of all his
associates.”

It is expected that Mr. Schwab will sail
for Europe on Saturday, to be gone about a
year

The report from Chicago that the United
States Steel Corporation had refused to sell
stoel rails to the Omaha and Northern Rail-
road Company was denied at the corpora-
tion's offices yesterday, Chairman Gary
said; “Our business is to sell steel rails to
whoever is able to pay for them.”

 

 

 

WANTS WIFE TO GET SMALLPOX,

 

Man Hears [t's a Cure for Consumption
~ Applies to Health Commisstoner.

A well-dressed, middle-aged man, ap-
parently well-to-do, called on the Com-
missioner of Health yesterday afternoon
and requested permission to send his wife
to the smallpox hospital on North Brother
Island,

“You don't need permission,” said
Lederle, “She must go anyway
requires it.”

“But she hasn't got smallpox,” replied
the man. “I want her to catch the disease
up there.”

Dr, Lederle looked his surprise, “Such
a request ie unusual, 1 know,” continued
the stranger. “My wife is in the last stages
of tuberculosis. There is no hope for her
recovery, the doctors say. [ have heard
that it may be possible to drive tuberculosis
from the system by having smallpox, It
is juat a chance, Both my wife and myself
are ready and anxious to take the chance,”

Dr. Lederle refused to give the desired
privilege. He said later that it was the
most unusual request that he has ever nad
made to him. Smallpox asa cure for tuber-
culosis, he said, however, he had beard of
before. He declined to tell the name of
the applicant.

Dr,
The law

Short Time: Short Line to Chicago.
The Pennsylvania Special leaves New York daily
at 1:85 P. M., arrives Chicago 5.55 A. M.--Ade

 

 

New York Central Special Labor Day Excar-
sions,

Thousand Islands, Niagara Falls, Toronto, Mus
koka Lakes, lirondacks, Montreal, Quebec, the
Sacuenay, and Rideau Lakes, at low rates. For
elreulars callon ticket agent, or write M.C. Roach,
G. bE. BP. A. 1216 Broadway, New York.--Ade.

] ‘ 190 2,—Copurioat, 1902, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

ONE WAY TO KILL A DOG;

 

Fasten Dynamite to His Tall and Light a
Fase, but Don’t Forget to Tie Him.
Prrrsavra, Aug. 20.—George Mechou, a

coal miner of Seali Siding, near Drifton,
wanted to relieve his mangy dog of suf-
fering by killing him, Disliking the sight
ef blood, he tied two sticks of dynamite
to the dog's tail last night, lighted a long
fuse and bolted for the house. He forgot,
however, to tie the dog.

The dog got to the house, only to find
the door slammed in his face, 80 he crept
under the cabin, which stood on posts
Nothing was left of the dog, and the cabin
was blown into small pieces

Mechou and his wife were found full of
splinters among the ruins. They will be
laid up for a month

ROOF-RAISING WIND IN PANA, LLL

 

Hotel Covers Taken Off and Two Steeples
Lald Low,

Pana, Ill, Aug. 20.—This city was struck
late this afternoon by a violent wind storm,
followed by a cloudburst. The steeple
of the Catholic Chureh, 125 feet high, was
blown down and laid across the principal
thoroughfare, and the steeple of the Baptist
Church also was carried away.

The two leading hotela of the city, the

James and the Flint, were unroofed
and the houses flooded. Over two inches
of rain fellina half hour Several business
houses were unroofed, including the Union
block, the finest in the city

Reports from Millersville indicate that
the village was practically destroyed
Telephone and telegraph lines are down in
every direction and it is impossible to get
accurate information as to the damage
done

St

 

BURNED HIS FLYING MACHINE

Just Because It Wouldn't Fly—An Ohto
Inventor's Wrath.

CINCINNATI, Aug. 20.—Skimming above
the ground for about fifty feet a flying ma-
chine, invented by C. M. Mallory, a pattern-
maker at the Bullock electric plant in Nor-
wood, dived suddenly to the ground to-
day and was wrecked on the lawn of Yo-
nonte Inn, Kennedy Heights, a suburb of
this city, The disgusted inventor, unhurt,
carried the machine to the Louisville and
Nashville station and sent it up again, this
time in smoke.

The wings, twenty-five feet from tip to
tip, were made of glazed calico, stretched
on cottonwood frames, covered with a net-
work of fine wire. These and a rudder were
operated by both hands and feet, During
the flight the machine rose about five feet
from the ground. The inventor says he
failed to loogen a guy wire

 

NEW REASON FOR GIRL'S SUICIDE,

Short Calls Not Popular at Unton Hill, at
Least With Miss Stevens,

The attempted suicide last Monday
night of Martha Stevens, 20 years old,
the daughter of a wealthy resident of Union
Hill, N. J., was reported to tha police of
that town yesterday.

She swallowed two ounces of carbolic
acid at ner home, 145 Block street, because
her fiancé, Henry Fish, did not make his
evening call as long as usual,

The physician attending her says that
she will recover,

 

CAN'T GET HER INTO COURT.

 

Kentucky Woman Moonshiner Too Big to
Climb the Stairs,

OweEnsroro, Ky., Aug. 20.--Jane Woolsey
was arrested last night at Leitchfleld on a
charge of moonshining. She was brought
here to-day, but she is so big that she can-
not be got into the Federal court room.
She pushed and pulled up one flight of
stairs, but could not go any further. United
States Commissioner Lindsey has wired for
authority to hold tbe trial outside of his
office. The woman weighs 420 pounds and
is 5 feet 5 inches in height.

TO FIGHT BREWERS AT POLLS,

 

Labor Unions Decide to Try to Make Boston
a No-License Town.

Boston, Aug. 20..-There will be an or-
ganized attempt by the local labor unions
to make Boston a no-license city at the
coming election, unless the brewers settle
the present strike favorably to the men
now out. Committees have been ap-
pointed and they will institute a vigorous
campaign against license, There is now
a ward local option law.

HEAVY IMPORTS OF JEWELS,

More Than ®2,000,000 Worth Recetved
in the Last Four Weeks,

Appraiser of the Port Whitehead an-
nounced yesterday that diamonds and
other precious stones valued at more than
$2,000,000 had been received and passed
at the Public Stores in the last four weeks,
Such importations have exceeded $600,000
since Wednesday last

 

DIED IN A BATHHOUSE,

Mr. Entwistle Was Attacked by Cramps,
Drank Whiskey and Was Found Dead.

William Entwistle, 50 vears old, a produce
dealer of 51 Dey street, who lived at 375
Eleventh street, Brooklyn, was found dead
in a bathhouse at the Parkway bathing
pavilion, Coney Island, at 7 o'clock ljast

night

f.. had been bathing with his wife, two
daughters and several frie nds He left the
water, complaining of cramps, and took a
drink of whiskey

In a few minutes he was attacked with
ehills and went to dress. When he did not
come out of the bath house, his friends
became alarmed and an attendant found
his body

AND MARRILD
Widow Weds a Man
Robbing Her,
Ricumonp, Va, Aug. 20... Mrs, Jessie P
Lambert, a rich and pretty widow of Peters-
burg, was married here to-day to George
W. Phillips of Wilmington, N.C., a young
man of 28, against whom she recently
charged the theft of jewels and $50in money,
Phillips came to Peteraburg several montis
ago and secured board at the home ofa
sister of Mrs. Lambert The widow lent
him snany handsome jewels and $50. Hae
disappeared, and she swere out a warrant

FORGAVE HIM,

Rich Arrested for

 

a

TATRSDAY, Avaver 21, 1909.
Local rains to-day; fair to-morrow.

 

————————_———

“PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

AIGGINSON PUTS OUT TO SEA,
SQUADRON

 

SCOUTING FOR THE
OFF NEW ENGLAND.

 

The Big Fighters Grouped Near Rockport
While the Sea Hounds Look for Pills
bury— Monday Night's Attack Not a
Victory for the Torpedo Flotilla.

Rockport, Mass., Aug. 20.—All Rocks
port's permanent and tamporary population
watohed the North Atlantic squadron
steain out fo sea to-day to begin the war
game arranged by the General Board of
the navy, The Rockporters gazed through
half-closed eyelids, for everbody was sleepy
after a night of excitement the like of
which had never been experienced by the
staid old town. The nearest approach te
it was in the spring of '98, when nerves were
on edge over a rumor that Cervera’s fleet
was going to bombard the place,

Nothing was talked about here to-day
except last night's sham battle and the
probability of another such thrilling episode,
While tired and sleepy, Rockport is happy
also, for it appreciates the importanoe that
the war game has given it. The people
were up early this morning, for everybody
wanted to talk of what went on last night
and to find out what it was all about,

Then there was another reason in the
belief that the squadron would get under
way soon after daylight, and of course
there wasn't a man, woman or child who
did not want to see the big ships and the
little ships up anchor and away in search
of a make-believe enemy.

The sound of last night's cannonading,
which brought the whole of Rockport to
ita windows or into the streets, wae atill
ringing in the ears of the people as they
wended their way to the rooky shore to see
if the ships were there yet and if there
hadn't been an actual battle instead of &
sham one. Many of them forgot to eat
breakfast in the fascination of gazing at
the massive white hulks of the armorclads
and cruisers and the ugly black bodies
of the torpedo craft.

Last night's affair was a mere preliminary
to the search problem which has been
mapped out for the squadron for the rest
of this week, The torpedo boats, under
command of Lieut. Lloyd Chandler, had
steamed out to sea early in the evening.
They came back again as @ hostile division
along about 10 0’clock, It was the purpose
of Lieut. Chandler to get within striking
distance of the biggpr ships before his
flotilla was discovered, but in this he was
unsuccessful, The watchful picket vessels,
composed of yachts and tugs, discovered
the torpedo craft. Then there was a flash-
ing of green lighta, which meant that the
enemy was at hand. The whole fleet was
called to quarters and then thedin of can-
ponading hegan.

This feature of the game proved a valua-
ble lesson, for it showed that picket boats
properly placed could detect low-lying
torpedo vessels at night before they got
near enough to discharge their explosives,
Neither the torpedo boats nor the defence
squadron showed a light. There was a
good moon, but it was obscured by a haze.

Wigwagging from the Kearsarge, Ad-
miral Higginson's flagship kept the signal
men of the entire squadron busy all the
morning. The upshot of it was that at
noon the torpedo-boat destroyer Decatur
and the gunboats Mayflower, Scorpion and
Gloucester, all of which had been converted
from fast yachts, steamed out to scout
for the enemy's squadron, consisting of the
auxiliary cruisers Prairie and Panther and
the supply ship Supply, under Commander
John 8S. Pillsbury, who established a repu-
tation as a blockade runner in the ma-
nwuvres at Charleston in 1897, when he
took the Vesuvius through the lines of
Admiral Bunce’s squadron five times in one
night without being discovered. Pretty
soon the cruiser Montgomery followed,
and then the armoreclads, secompanted
by the rest of the torpedo boats, got up
anchor and slowly went out beyond the
horizon,

The squadron consisted of the battle-
ship Kearsarge, flagship of Rear Admiral
Higginson; the armored cruiser Brooklyn,
flagship of Rear Admiral Coghlan, second
{n command; the battleships Alabama and
Masaachusetts, the cruiser Olympia, the
gunboat Peoria, the tugs Leyden and Nina
and the torpedo boats Stockton, Thornton,
Bagley, Biddle, Barney and Shubrick and
another torpedo boat, which arrived Just
as the squadron waa leaving.

The work cut out for Admira: Higginson
is to prevent Pillsbury’s division from
getting into some port between Chatham,
Mass., and Portland, Me., without being
discovered, Pillsbury’s ia known as the
White, or hostile, 8 juadron, and Higginaon's
as the Blue, or defence, Squadron,

Under Admiral Higginson's orders the
Mayflower will watch off Portland, the
Decatur off Portsmouth, the Scorpion off
Boston and Provincetown and the Mont-
gomery between Provincetown and Chat-
ham, while the fighting force, consist-
ing of the battleships and cruisers, with
the torpedo boats as pickets, will remain
near Rockport. The Kearsarge is keeping
in communication with this town

Two young officers and four signal men
are here waiting for any information about
the White Squadron that may come to them,
Other officers and signal men are at porte
between Portland and Chatham. They are
to the long-distance telephone, the
telegraph or any means available
to get word of the White Squadron's where
abouts

use

other

Pillsbury's hostile squadron was leat
reported off Provincetown on Monday
morning. If any seout diseovers him it
will be the duty of the scout to get word

to Admiral Higginson as quickly as poa-

sible. Pillsbury must make a landing
and establish mines before the fighting
ships arrive. He must do this in six hours
His division, although composed of only
three converted ocean steamers, repre-
sents four battleships. If the stronger
force under Admiral Higginson arrives

at his landing place within six hours after
he arrives the White, or “enemy, ®
Squadron loses and Higginson wins a blood-

leas victors

there

WHAT THE WAR GAME JIS,

To Keep the Enemy From Seizing a Base
Between Portland and Cape Cod.

for him, He was arrested and brought to ; . , ‘ ;
Petersburg for trial. The charge was Wasninaton, Aug. 20.~The Navy Dae
withdrawn and to-day the couple came to | partinent mnade publie to-day its cone
Richmond and were married fidential instructions to Rear Admiral
See mecrenenenReS aeeNE igginson and Capt ‘iisbury for the
‘Thet Cincinnati and St, Louts Limited.” Hig . ; ‘1 } °
Five trains a day from New York to Cineinnaty | © nduct of the search problem off the New
and St. Louis by the New York Central, Including | England coast The instructions were
“The Limited eaving New York at 690 A. M sdecihcaaanicias tiles aienibilaeeiaet
~Adv
The Lake Shore Limited
Manhanset House, Shelter Istand Is still the great @-hour train te ¢ ago. leaves
Open uotll Sept 18 of later Faceilent golf, | New York 5:90 P.M. arr iwWoness
15 bok Septeinber most delightful. Ade. afternoon, ‘usurlousservice, ail u su CATS
y
li ad
™ a
Fy