REET

ww

*
y
e

 

 

lot
"
pt.

ng
be
me

“yor, LXVIIL—NO. 3
ee -

WiJITE FOR SECOND PLACE

wp LievT<GOV. WOODRUPF FINALLY
pECIINES A RENOMINATION, ,

 

 

fle Tells Mr. Platt That He Cannot Accept,
bot Would Ike to Be Chatrman of the
Biate ¢ ommittee-Mr. Plate Says That He
will Not Be Chairman of the Committee,
and That Horace White Will Probably Be

for Lieatenant - Goversor,

sanitoua, Sept 2—After a day of innu-
merable conferences and all sorts of informal
consultations it may be announced that at a
late hour to-night the man likely to be nome
{ for Ldeutenant-Governor by the Repub-

Nominated

 

ter
wen beats Convention is Senator Horace White
of Onondaga It should be borne in mind,
though. | Lieut.-Gov. Timothy Woodruff
has pot yet given his final deciaion not to accept
the 1 nm Mr Woodruff has, however,
told a! wr of his personal friends to-day
that he could not, in view of his recent experi-
ences, atord to accept the nomination With
thie oF some of his friends differ,
and 4 inight they are laboring with him to
re er it, so that by to-morrow, when he
is to » for all just what he Is to do, he
ill 1 ‘Senator Platt that, In obeyance to
the wishes of bis frlenda, he will accept a@
third ot ition for Ideutenant-Governor.
It should be remarked, though, that Mr Wood-
iff infor i Mr. Platt that he could not ac-

nation Anyway, Senator Platt

+ toenlght that Mr. Woodruff is

*)
germs ¢

out of sod he informed some of his friends
that “Senator White of Syracuse will probably
be nominated for I jeutenant-Governor,”

Senator White ts one of the strongest young
Republicans in the State. He is a very olever
orator and his reputation as @ legislator at Al-
bany is of the finest. It has been feared all
along that possibly ex-Congressman Belden
and his friends in Onondaga county might
not view with favor the elevation of Senator
White. This Impression has been an erro-
neous one, and to-day It was pointed out that
former Attorney-General Theodore FF, Hancock
and other close friends of Mr. Belden in the

county are delegates to this con-
vention and all are enthusiastic in
their bellef that Senator White would make
a most excellent candidate for Lieutenant-

Governor, Then, too, Senator Ellsworth, Sena-
tor Higgins, Senator Krum, Senator Hum-
phrey and nearly all the Republican Senators
favor in most pronounced fashion the nomi-
nation of Senator White, Senator White's
speech in the Kepublican State Convention
of two years ago, seconding the nomination of
Gov. Roosevelt, was a brilliant oration and gave
Mr White @ State reputation instantly, and
many have spoken of it outside of the Empire
State If Mr. White is nominated for Lieutenant-
Governor the Republican State ticket, with
Hlenjamin B. Odell, Jr., at the head, will have
two of the finest-looking Republicans in the
State, both considered handsome men and both
exceedingly popular

The situation began to crystallize ebortly
after the breakfast hour this morning. This
means rather early and most men tn political
life are early risers. Senator Platt most of
the time is up at dawn, Mr. Odell ts not far
behind him in this respect, and Lieut -Gov
Woodruff is up with the chickens. So @re Cen-
ous S. Wilbur, Senator
Elisworth, Seoator Stranahan, Senator Krum
and men of that stamp. Lieut.-Gov. Wood-
ruff’s friends in Brooklyn, almost to a man,
began the day where they left off last night, by
continuing their requests that he should notac
cept a renomination for Ijeutenant-Governor
They urged that it was not necessary for him
to accept the nomination, and said that if he
did he might as well understand de‘nitely
and specifically that his political career was
ended for all time. Some of these Republi-
cans argued that Mr. Woodruff's activities
could be satisfied and gratified in another
direction, and after arguments on this line
out popped one of the most interesting fea-
tures of the situation, At first the news con-
cerning it was hardly eredited, but eventually
{t was confirmed, both by Senator Platt and
his friends, and then by Mr. Woodruff and his
friends. Ina word Mr. Woodruff called on Sen-
ator Platt and informed him that he did not care
to be renominated for J.deutenant-Governor
but that be would like to be selected as onair-
man of the Republican State Committee to
succeed Mr Odell when the Newburgh man
fs nominated for Governor. This announce-
ment was a great surprise to Mr. Platt and his
friends, and later on, when Mr. Odell and his
friends heard of Mr. Woodruff’ proposition
they were more or less startled Then Wil-
Mam Barnes, Jr., and his friend from Albany
county were more or leas nettled. Mr. Barnes
fs chairman of the Executive Committee of
the State Committee He and his friends
have believed allalong that if Mr Odell
we to retire as chairman of the
Btate Comnittee, Mr Barnes deserved to be
Promoted It will be recalled that Mr
Odell was chairman of the Exeoutive Com-
mittee of the State Committee, and at the death
of Charles Wo Hackett, who was chairman of
the State Committee, Mr. Odell was promoted
on Us ground. Mr Barnes and his friends
felt slightly aggrieved at the proposition of

Mr

Supervisor Charles

 

Woodrufl that he (Mr. Woodruff) should
7 uwe ehairman of the State Committee

Ir Odell retired from the place. They
felt all the ore displeased when they recalled
that only three weeks ago the Albany Avening
dowrna, of whieh Mr Barnes is editor, came
Out with a fi -page boom for Mr. Woodrull
forthe Kepublicant suiination for Governor,

Mr, Platt and his friends caught their breath
& Mr Woodruit's proporition and then fell to
Gheussing it. It lias been known all along that
rn r Henna, chairman of the Republican

HAL Committee, has repeatedly urged
Senator Matt that in the event of Mr, Odell's

 
 

 

 

 

 

; ; ma nf r Governor he, (Mr. Odell) should
. et red from his place as chairman of
hy . ‘ nittee Senators Hanna and
we cereed that Mr. Odell has mapped
, rampaign in the State for McKinley
ee A \ Aid while Senator Platt has at
oo : ed With Senator Hanna as to the
ace retaliog Mr. Odell as chairman of
oe itlee while being the candidate
pod r ™ itor Platt bas heen rather
; = defer to Mr. Odell'4 wishes in the
— may be set down as a well authen-
: ~ fact tha Mr. Odell sees no necessily
; 2 ret chairman of the State Com
aan ; eli ho in the publican candi-
nic: ' 4 Ile grea desires to remain
a. lace and putin elehteen hours
‘a t tection of the Repu bil-
s t in the State of New York
oo eis supported by some of
Wee senator Platte advisers. Men
toe sunnof Binghamton and Sen
ma Senator Krum and thelr
tain stay ve that Mr. Odell should be re-
pe ' / os chairman of the come
lbs nar . in Quige, Col. Michael
He rT Atterbury and others, who
co 4) » Senator Platt, believe
eee ! ! retire as cuairman of
Stunt ind view of the present
in : ¢ the nomination of Lieu-
oo thoy prefer the selection of
es , * State chalrinan, though
te ~ “K r tw hers spokein the
bene a r. Bart Senator Piatt,
"Mr, nf
Mate orn t to be chairman of the
Sites ’ *, and if he does not toemorrow
parted “oday On fascinating L. 1 Sound: see adv.

; i, hap'n, mustc; ine restaurant

 

 

es a cet —_

 

 

accept a renomination for Lieutenant-Governor
he will be al) right He will cause no trouble
There ts nothing in the Barnes business just
at the moment and there is not likely to be.
Mr. Odell and I have had several talks to-day
on this subject and all the {ndicat!ons are that
he Is to remain as chairman of the State Com-
mittee”

Speaker Frederick Nixon waa around to-day
saying nice things about bis candidate for Lieu-
tenant-Governer, Arthur © Wade of Chau-
tauqgua Mr. Nixon and Mr Wade chatted
with Senator Platt, andlater on Senator White
of Syracuse and Senator Stranahan of Oswego
had a talk with the Tioga chieftaln on this
engrossing subject. Senator Stranahan cannot
be considered a full-fledged candidate for
Iievtenant-Governor, He has many warm
frieads in the Republican party and he has an
enduring reputation as @ legislator and a man
of affairs, but he does not seem to bave con-
sidered himself to be a candidate, and as a
inatterof fact he is very friendly to the candl-
dacy of Senator White

One of the strangest booina for Lieutenant-
Governor was started to-day by means of
anonymous letters sent to Mr. Odell, National
Comuuitteeman Frederick 8. Gibbs and others.
‘The letters were in the interest of Gen. Anson
G. MeCook of New York city. ‘ihe letter Mr,
Gibbs received said:
|} Dear GinBs: If you want to do one of the beat
things in your political life and help make the State
ticket a success, start Gen. Anson G, McCook for
Lieutenant Governor, With (dell as Governor, the
representative of the organization, and McCook, with
bis brilliant army record and independent friendship
to represent the other socteties, the ticket would bea
sure winner. I write this without any knowledge of
McCook, He has never done anything for or against
me thatl know of, but his name would do lots of good
to the State ticket, and especially with soldiers, who
are @ bit sore nowadays. It's the ‘‘boas'’ combination,
Work {t, and you will go down In history as the original
Jacob, Very sincerely yours,

The letters were submitted to Senator Platt
and his friends, but apparently the White boom
had got too far under way for any serious
consideration to be given to Gen, McCook.
At midnight Mr. Woodruff ended an extended
conference with Frank H. Platt, son of the
Senator, and William Berri of Brooklyn. Both
Mr. Platt and Mr. Berri believe that Mr, Woodruff
should reconsider his decision not to again
be the candidate for Lieutenant Governor,
and now that it is known that Mr, Woodruff
in any event cannot be chairman of the Repub-
Mean State Committee young Mr. Platt and
Mr. Berri and others hope to urge Mr. W ood-
ruff to accept athird nomination for Lieutenant-
Governor. In other words, the effort to induce
Mr. Woodruff to accept the nomination con-
trary to his apparent wishes goes on apace.

Cornelius Vanderbilt eldest son of the late
Cornelius Vanderbilt, is to be a delegate to this
convention from the Twenty-fourth Assembly
district of New York. Many here are interested
to know if young Mr. Vanderbilt has aspirations
for a political career. He {s one of the hardest
working young men in the offices of the New
York Central Railroad Company. Already he
has presented a number of improvements to
the modern locomotive.

The Republican Club of New York is to give
a great reception at its clubhouse, 450 Fifth
avenue, on Sept. 10 to the nominees of this
Republican State Convention.

The platform was fully discussed this after-
noon at a conference attended by Senator
Platt, Mr. Odell, Senator Raines, Mr. Quigg,
Senator Elisworth and Senator Stranahan.
Drafts of the principal planks were submitted
and conclusions were reached as to the general
shape the platform should take, Senator
John Raines of Canandaigua will be chairman
of the Committee on Resolutions, and he and
Mr. Quigg have been at work on the platforme

| for submission to that committee, It will con-
tain, of course, astrong statement of the party's
attitude upon the national issues. Then
at considerable length it will deal with State
questions, The subject of State revenue and
expenditures will be treated with fulness of
statement and convincing figures, It will be

pointed out that the Raines law, the Transfer |

Tax law and the Corporation Tax law, all of
them Republican measures, produce more

poses, It will also be shown that Republican
economies of administration have had a large
part in the marked lowering of the State's
annual tax rate, Particular attention will
be paid in this connection to the part played by
indirect taxation in the raising of
revenues, The canal question was elaborately

discussed at this afternoon's conference and |

a general reluctance was expressed to putting
the party in the position of advocating further
large expenditures for canai improvements
until the whole question of canal manage-
ment and improved waterway transportation
methods have been Investigated. It was
agreed that strong ground should be taken
with regard to the rights of municipalities
to obtain by condemnation the watershed
necessary to their ownership of a sufficient
water supply. This would effectually curb
the Ramapo grab, Civil service reform ts
distinctly approved and the present law sts-
tained.

LFACGUE OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS.

Second Biennial Convention to Meet tn Sara-
toga This Afternoon,

| Sanatoaa, Sept. 2.- The State League of

 

Republican Clubs is to take a prominent part
lin this fall's campaign. Tast month Fred-
erick Easton of Albany, the President of the
League, issued a cal! for the second biennial
convention of the League to meet in the ball
room of Congress Hall at 2 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon. This convention promises to be
largely attended, judging from the responses
received by the Secretary of the League from
the Republican clubs throughout the State,
and it is expected that between 200 and 200
present. The Republican
work on the

 

delegates will be
State Committee expects great

part of the League this fall, and the Republi-
| ean leaders are much pleased with the League's

slogan this year, “No apathy.

Phe purpose of the League convention ts to
elect officers of the Lengue for two years, to
select an Executive Committee consisting of
} one member from each Congress district, to
t delegates fo fapresent this State in the

 

ele
| National Repuptiean League Convention to be
nat in 1902 and to organize thoroughly the
State League of Kepublic Clubs for ap ag
eressive and winning campaign this fall. The
convention will adopt ringing resolutions in-
dorsing the national and State administra-
tious. Theodore Cox Yonkers, a member
of the present sub-Executive Corurmittee of the
League, is the most prominent candidate for
President of the League who has vet appeared,
le is a prominent New York cits broker and
xe has been President of the American College
Leosue. The delegates will be addressed by
a number of prominent Republicans upoo the
issues of the campaign
SD

70 GO OVER TO MUTUAL RESERVE,
Northwestern Life Assurance Company Joins
the New York Organization,

Cnricaao, Sept. 2.—The policyholders of the
Northwestern Life Assurance Company of
Chicago, at a meeting in Willard Hall in the
Woman's Temple, yesterday, voted to go over
in a pody to the Mutual Reserve Fund Life
Association of New York. It is perhans the
largest transfer in the history of life insurance,
involving 28,000 policyholders and — $65,000,000
of insurance in force. Many thousands of the
solievLolders live in Tilinols, Indiana, Iowa,
Niscousin and other central States, The
session at whkeh the transfer was made was
held behind closed doors.

Mrs, kinnia Frank, who holds # judgment
of $5,054 against the Northwestern Life, after
the Willard Hall meeting, asked (or areceiverin
Judge Chytrau's court. Stewart Goodrell was
appointed, with au bond fixed at $250,000.
The recent heavy mortality of the company,
mukiog a high percentage of loss, is the reason
given for the necoasity of Jctuing forces with
«& largor and more powerful concera,

 

of

 

 

   

NEW YORK, M

       

 

| minutes before

ee ———

ONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3,

14 KILLED IN A COLLISION,

EXCURSION TRAIN WRECKED ON THE
READING AT HATFIELD, PA,

Party Was Mound for Atlantic City by Way of
Philadeiphia—-MUlk Train Didn't Get Ont
of the Way and the Special Train Dashed
Inte It Nearly Forty Persons Hurt Seriously

 

ALLENTOWN, Pa., Sept. 2.—In a railroad col-
lision at Hatfleld, Montgomery county, on the
North Pennsylvania braneh of the Philadelphia
and Reading Railroad, at 7 o’olock this morning
between an excursion train, with between
700 and $00 persons on board, ond a milk train
standing at the station, nine persons were
killed outright and five of those hurt died soon
after of injuries, The list of wounded nurnbers
between twenty-five and thirty all well-known
citizens, principally of this eity and of South
Bethlehem, Several of the injured cannot
recover, The list of the dead Is

Thomas Day, 29 years old, Allentown; Charles
MecGonigle, 23 years, Allentown; Ira Ehret,
South Bethlehem; William Ehret, South Beth-
lehem, brother of Ira Ehret; Annie Sheridan,
South Bethlehem: Robert Miller, South Bethle-
hem; Richard Bachman, South Bethlehem:
Joe Modon, 22 years, of 11 Second street, South

Bethlehem: Hugh McGovern, South Bethle-
hem; Willlam Blackburn, Ambler; Harvey
Landis, Hatfleld; Mamle Kallen, Telford:

Gotlieb Pfalm, Telford: Fred Kahlen, Telford,
Here is a list of those injured seriously:
Wilson Crossland, 8) years old, 587 North

Broad street, South Bethlehem, passenger,

fracture of leg and lacerated scalp, Edward

Reese, 86 years old, 820 Cedar etreet, Allen-

town, injury to leg and contusion of shoulders;

John Davis, 25 years, engineer of excursion

train, 160 Bancroft street, Philadelphia, frac-

tured skull; Albert Wageler, $1 years old, fire-
man, excursion train, chest injured, lungs may
be injured; John Counan, 82 years old, passenger,

Buttonwood street, South Bethlehem, crushed

toes; Michael J. Tighe, 34 years old, 681 Front

street, Allentown,passenger, burns on the thighs;

Abraham Transue, 42 years old, of New street,

SJnth Bethlehem, Pa., scalp wound, contusion

of the back, internally injured; John McHugh,

27 years old, South Bethlehem, passenger,

abrasion of the leg: Frank Schants, Allentown,

left ankle broken; Fred Schantz, Allentown,
brother of Frank, right shoulder dislocated
and left foot wrenched badly; Walter Flick-
inger, South Bethlehem, left arm broken,
compound fracture of wrist, little fin-
ger almost cut off and other fingers
badly cut; Granville Sclaucht, saddler,

Allentown, two legs broken near the

ankles, hurt internally, ¢aken to the hospital;

Benjamin Keiser, proprietor of the Cross Key

Hotel, Allentown, bruised badly all over the

body and hurt internally; C. Lucas Straub,

proprietor of the Arcade saloon, Allentown;
internal injuries, bruises about the legs and
arms; Annie Fetherolf, Allentown, bruised
about the body, suffering from shock; Carrie

I, Werley, Allentown, right side of face cut
and bruised = and internally injured,
treated at Hatfield; John Mclaughlin, Allen-
town, caught between two seate and
legs badly sprained; P, H. McMa-
hon, South Bethlehem; Gertie Burk-
hardt, Seuth Bethlehem; Mrs, Orn, South

Bethlehem; Mrs. James Harrison, South Beth-
lehem; John Reichley, South Bethlehem; Wil-
oughby Rosenberger, Hatfield, aged 35, Jaw
broken and injured internally, taken to his
home at Lansdale; Charles Scholl, South Allen-
town, slightly burt; Mias Jennie Schaffer, Al-
lentown, both bones of the left leg fractured
and a contused wound on the right leg; Mrs,
Annie Deshler and child, of Sellersville, slightly
hurt; Charles Heller, Philadelphia, hurt on
the head; Annie McLauren, Allentown, leg
broken; Annie Edwards, Bethlehem, slightly
injured; Alice Moyer, Union street, Bethle-
hem, slightly hurt: Mr. and Mra, Laufer, West
Bethlehem, William Burkhardt, Easton; John
McHugh, South Bethlehem, cut and bruised.
The excursion train was made up of people
from Allentown, Bethlehem, South Bethlehem
and the neighborhood, and was one of three

| anecti ' : > °
than half the revenue needed for State pur- | special trains that it waa intended to run to At

lantie City. A Pate of €1.50 for the round trip
was the card that drew the crowd of 1,600 people,
half of ‘whom were packed into the first section.
The latter left South Bethlehem shortly after 6
o'clock. It consisted of ten cars and was
not to make any stops until it reached Lanse
dale, midway between this city and Philadel-
phia. The special was to have a clear track
and as the excursionists were to be landed at
the seashore before 9 o'clock in the morning,
great speed was necessary. However, a few
the first section pulled out
from South Bethlehem, the milk train, which
consisted of six cars and was scheduled to stop

| at all stations, left for Philadelphia.

The excursion train soon gained on the train
ahead and decreased the distance between
the two at every turn of the wheels. The
milk train left Quakertown two minutes ahead
of the special and when the latter reached
Souderton the milk train had just stopped
at Matfleld, a mile and a half beyond. The
milk train was delayed there longer than usual
and the operator at batfleld notified Souder-
ton to hold the epectal train, The latter, how-
ever, bag passed there and was now rushing
at a speed of fifty miles an hour. The two
operators had hardly closed their keys when
the special train came thundering down the
track and erashed into the rear end of the train
ahead. The passenger engine plunged through
three cars of the milk train and then telescoped
the two forward coaches of the special train
which were packed with people

The impact of the special train with the
milk train made a fearful noise, but the cars
soon settled down, then came a scene of terror
For a moment everybody was so dazed as to
be almost powerless. Finally, the work of
reecue was begun and many of the excursionists
who were more or less injured, forgot their
pains for the time being and helped to save
the unfortunates who were pinneddown by the
debris, The dead were placed in a row ina
field and later were moved to Lansdale. The
injured were cared for in neighboring houses
until an improvised hospital could be
fitted up in a passenger car Nearly
ail the woundeed were then taken toSt. Luke's
flospital, South Bethlehem. The dead were
in almost every case mutilated, and a few of
them were badly burned, the wreck having
caught fre. There are only two doctors nat
flatield and help was summoned from the
surrounding towns, There were many narrow
escapes, Charles O'Brien and Annie Fetterolf
of this city were pitched headlong on the tender
of the engine, but miraculously escaped death,

Tt is asserted that the accident resulted from
the fullure of the milk train to send out a Mag-
Coroner MeGiathery will begin his
to-morrow

Aruantic Ciry, N. d., Sept. 2.—A cloud of
sorrow res's on this famous resort to-night be-
causo of the Reading aceident. A crowd gathered
at the Reading station to weloome the Beth-
lehem excursionista,. When the news of the
accident was received there was much ex-
citement One of the firat to receive news
from the scene of the wreck was Lewis Lee
The telegram read

“Wife and six-year-old bey dead.”

Mr. Lee lost hia first wife and three children
in the Johnstown flood

Only ten of the passengers of the ill-fated
first section arrived here. The second section
arrived eight hours late. Orders have been
received by local railroad men that all ex-

man in-

vestigation

 

Good music, erand scenery, Blorious satl, make

trave: by Ludson liivet Day Line @ constami joy. | #1!"

—Aaw ry

 

1900.—COPYRI

GIT. 1900,

 

cursion tickets from Bethlehem are good on
regular Philadelphia trains. Many of the
excursioniats are remaining here trying to
recover from the terrible shock,

Among those who reached thts city were
two chemists from the Bethlohem Steel Works
One was thrown through a car window and
escaped with a few cuts. The other assisted
in carrying eight bodies from the wreck, By
this time both men were overcome They
came here to recover their compogure

CRASH ON THE JERSEY CENTRAL,

 

Coal Train Breaks in Two-Five Tramps May
Be Deod Under the Wreck.

PLAINFIELD, N. J., Bept. 2.—A coal train
broke in two to-night on the Jersey Central
Railroad, causing a wreck which blocked the
four tracks. The eng\ne slowed down after the
break and the rear section of the train crashed
into the forward part, derailing fifteen cars, On
the fourth ear from the locomotive were ten ne-
fro tramps stealing a ride. Five of them have
een accounted for, but the others are missing
Itis thought that they may be dead under the
wreck.

 

GARDINER IN ADIRONDACKS,

District Attorney's Doctor Saye He Mast Ab-
stain From Basiness.

Assistant District Attorney John F. Meln-
tyre said last night that Col. Asa ird Gardiner,
the District Attorney, is now in the Adiron-
dacks. Just where, Mr. McIntyre declined to
tell. He said that Dr. Robert. Newton, Col.
Gardiner’s physician, bad ordered that Col.
Gardiner be not disturbed with any offictal or
private business, no matter how important,

“Three . ays ago,” said Mr. McIntyre, “Gov.
Roosevelt notified me that the Attorney-Gen-

eral wanted to reopen the hearing of the charges
against Col.,Gardiner. Mr. Untermyer, Col
Gardiner’s attorney, is in Europe, so ft sent
Assistant District Abtorney Unger to Canada
to bring Col. Gardiner asfar as Montreal in
order that! might get into communication with

him and find out what he wanted me to
do. When Col Gardiner started on
the journey he declared that he would go

through to Albany to beat the hearing at Albany
on Saturday and personally answer the argu-
ment of Attorney-General Davies. At Montreal,
however, he became very ill and was taken
from the train. He was put aboard another
train shortly afterward, however, and taken
to Weatport, where he took another train for
the Adirondacks. He is a very sick man, but
is not in immediate danger. On Aug. 18 Dr
Newton told him that he would have to take
two, months of absolute rest believe, how-
ever, that Col Gardiner will not take two
months, but will return to the office about
Sept 18
I was greatly pleased with the way Gov.

Roosevelt conducted the weerine at Alban
yesterday. It seemed as if he wanted to reach
a decision in the case immediately and he ure
Mr. Davies not to reopen the case. He finally
consented to receive a brief from Mr. Davies
This brief will be sent to me on Wednesday
next and I can answer it or not, as | see fit.
As soon as the Governor hears from me re
the brief, he will release his decision. be-
eve that this will be some time pert week.”

MONTREAL, Sept. 2.- Renry W. Unger, As-
sistant District Attorney of New York, who
came to Canada to get Col. Asa Bird Gardiver,
was at the Place Viger Hotel to-nicht.
He enid he had made inquiries for Col. Gardiner
in Montreal, but had not been able to find bitm
and was pot as yet aware where ha was.

VERMONT VOTES TO-MORROW.

 

 

Fstimates ef Various Men Well Informed ta
Politics as to the Result.

Brrritnaoton, Vt., Sept. 2.—The State elec-
tion will come on Tuesday. If the Republican
majority should be light the Democrats of
the country will consider itan omen of success,
while on the other hand, should the majority
be heavy, the country will take it as an indica-
tion that McKinley will sweep the land as he
did in 1896. It is contended that a Republican
majority of more than 30,000 in Vermont will
be a sure sign that Bryan will meet defeat.
Should the Republicans have less than 30,000

votes to spare it will mean that they must fight,

During the past few cays Vermonters and
others have! been making predictiona on the
result of the contest in this State. Here are
a few of the estimates: Lieut -Gov. Henry
C. Bates believes the majority will be about
25,000, the Hon fra R. Allen, chairman of the Re
ublican State Committee, says the situation
s so complicate?, it is impossible to make a
forecast P Fair, etitor of the Morrisville

Newa and Citizen, estimates not leas than
40,000: H. L. Hindley, editor of the Vergennes
Enterprise, 26,009 P Falr, = editor
Rarre— Telegram, 28,000; C. M. Chase,
editor Lyndon Union, about 25,000 C.R
amprcs, editor, White River Junction
Landmark, not over 27,000; ff L. Stillson, editor

Renninaton Banner, 90,000: John Metealf, editor,
Foir Hoven Fra, 39.900, F W. Balt, editor Ver-
gennea Vermonter, 25.000 to 90,000; Frank L
Green, editor St Albans Messenger, 30,000; F. F
Howe, editor Barre Daily Times, not more than
30,000

JORED OVER HIS SUICIDE.

“at the End of This Wire You Will Find a
Man,"’ He Wrote.

Cricaao, Sept 2—Jacob Kobler wae a prawe
tical joker during his life and when he decided
to end his life last night he did so in a way
which fully sustained his reputation Kobler
went to the lake front early in the evening
and at the foot of Adams street drove a stake
into the ground, Then he took thirty feet of
wire and stretching it out tied one end to the
stake and with the other he made a loop and
passed around his body at the armpits. After
completing these preparations Kobler ploced
his broad-brinimed felt hat on top of the stake
and in the hat band stick a sheet of paper,
on which was written

‘At the end of this wire you will find a man.”

Kobler waded as far out into the lake aa the
length of the wire would pernit and drowned
himself. At midnight James Murray, a night
watchman employed ct the dumplag grounds
and living at No. 104 Eleventh street saw the
stake and / at. fle investigated and found the
note and notified the polies. Policeman Leh-
hey and Richarda were sent toth® lake front and
when tuey saw the wire and read (he note they
suid

“It's a joke some one is trying to play
There ‘s probably a log at the other end
wire.” ;

When they caught hold of the wire and drew
it in they were surprised to see that it was at-
tached to the body of a man. A letter disclosed
his identity. Kobler lived at 815 West Twenty.
first street and was 00 years old. He left home
on jast Monday, leaving a note saying he was
golng to comrilt suicide.

SS SE
SD
i

on us
ol the

 

DROWNED IN GRAVESEND BAY.
Leonard Tomnioss, a Chaorch Singer,
Heart Trouble While Swimming.

»9

22 vears old, of 1084
Bensonhurst, the son
of a decorator, was drowned tn Gravesend
Bay yesterday afternoon Inthe early after-
poon he went with Arthur Komer and Charlies
Allenton of Rutherford, Nod, on Romer’a
yacht Madeleine They anchored off the
Brooklyn Yaeht Club and Tommossa ceclared
his intention of going 10 swimming

He put on a batuing -uit and had been in
the water only about five minutes when he
shouted for help Komer and Allenton put
out to his assistance in a beat and when Toin-
moss came to the surface they held out an oar
to hin He grasped it, but ways too weak to
hold on and sank back out of sight. He was
not seen again

The voung men reported the drowning to
the police The body has not been recovered
Tommoss was engaged to be married to Mias
Maude Clyde, of 534 Quiney street, Brooklyn,

|
|
the prano soloist in the choir of the Church

Tommoass,
street,

Leonard
Fighty-fourth

  

  

of the Incarnation, Brooklyn, in which he was }
the bass soloist Tommose's father said last
night that the voung man had been suffering
with heart trouble for some time and that this
had undoubtedly caused bie death,

la Touraine In Nearly a Day Late,

The French Lner La Tournine, whioh arrived
yes'erday from Havr:, Was nearvy a day behind
her usual summer schedule. Her boilers, jt i«
said, are not in conditio: to permit her to go at
fullspeed Atmong Lev passengers were Lieuts
Moale, Oman, Howard and Brumby of
the American Navy they are on leave from
the Asiatic station

Miss Reilly, the daughter of Capt. Reilly, who
was reeently killed in China, and Mra,
Mahlon Ogden Jones, whose husband died at
Dinard, Francs, on June 18, were alao on the
Frenchman Mr Jones's body was aboard the

It wili be buried at Woodlawn this after- |
von,

BY TH

 

TP ey

POOP PRT PATENT TTT ee 7

 

 

 

 

E SUN

SPECIAL ENVOY MEBTS Ll,

INTERVIEW BETWEEN MR. ROCKHILL
AND CHINA'S PEACE AGENT.

 

 

Li's Desire to Secure Personal Control of the
Negotiations With the Powers—His Strong
Anti-Foreign Principles-—-Further BHostilt-
tles Are Now Regarded as Unnecessary,

Special Cable Despatch to TH SUN
From a staff correspondent of THE SUN.

Buancnal Sept. 2--W. W. Rockhill, the
American Spectal Envoy, and Id Hung
Chang had a long Interview at the American
Consulate here this morning. An attempt
was made to interview Mr. Rockhill subsequently,
but he declined to say what had occurred be-
tween him and the Chinese statesman.

It is known that Li Hung Chang is bending
every energy to obtain some foreign recognition
of himself as the sole Chinese Plenipotentiary
in the forthcoming negotiations, He has re
celved full power from the Fmperor and the
Dowager Empresas. Those best informed say
that Ii Hung Chang is intensely anti-foreten
and has been increasingly mire so in recent
years.

Willlam Pethwick, an American, who for years
was Secretary to Li Hung Chang, declares that
he is corupletely untrustworthy. Unquestionably
he hopes, either through obtaining recognition
from one nation, to split the concert of the
Powers, or, by being the sole Chinese negotiator,
to beat the foreigners through trickery.

So far as flynting the Chinese is concerned,
there is no necessity for it, Foreign troops
are only required to watch events and to en-
force the settlement arrangements,

A high authority on Chinese affairs told the
correspondent of Tae SUN to-day that the
greatest danger in the way of an effectual
settiement was the possibility of the Powers
accepting some compromise, which is now ap-
parently threatened through the proposition
to withdraw the troops from Pekin. He ad-
ded that there would be no further fighting
unless it should come as the result of an inju-
diclous move on the part of some individual
force. There was, however, not the slightest
danger that such @ confilct would become gen-
eral.

The best plan, according fo the corre-
spondent's authority,would be to persuade the
strong Viceroys, like Liu Kun Yi and Chang
Shih Tung, to memortalize the Throne, asking
that the Emperor and the Dowager Empress
return to Pekin, that Prince Tuan, Gen. Tung
Fuh Sian and other leaders of the anti-foreign
party be executed, and that several of the
Viceroys be authorized to negotiate with the
Powers for a settlement of the whole question,

 

RUSSIA HARSHLY CRITICISED.

 

English Newspapers Foresee im Manchuria
Another Egypt.

Special Cable Despaiches to THE SUN.

LonDoN, Sept. 2.—The text of Kugsia’s in-
structions regarding her policy in China, which
have been sent to the Russian representatives
abroad for communication to the various
governments, is criticised by the London news-
papers in the most hostile manner, It is held
that Russia's decision to act independently
is calculated to strengthen among the Chinese
the belief that the Powers cannot act in har-
mony and to encourage among the peoples of
Europe and America the idea that she is anxious
to pose as the special friend of China. It is
foreseen, moreover, that even !f Russia wished
to leave Manchuria “after lasting order ts
established” this would probably mean that
she would remain there indefinitely, like Eng-
land in Egypt

While the press is unanimous against the
spirit of Russia's policy, there is no strong
objection to the withdrawal of the allied forces
to a place more accessible in the winter than
Pekin, but it is thought that this matter had
better await the arrival in China of Field Mar-
shal Count von Waldersee, who is now on the
way to the allied troops

The Daily Mail's Shanghai correspondent
says that, despite assurances to the contrary,
China is rapidly drifting toward partidon. The
action of Russia at Newchwang, the number of
German troops and ships ordered to the East
and Japan's intervention at Amoy, thus giving
notice of a claim onthe Province of Fukien, all
point in the sarve direction.

LONDON, Sept. 8 —The Timea, commenting on
Russia's note‘defining ber polley in China,
says:
f'England cannot imitate Russia's course.
We must remain in Pekin and refuse to treat
with the Dowager Empress or her emissaries
until she has purged herself of the
suspicion that she was the instigator
of and the accomplices in murder and destruc-
tion. Suecha view will not be taken by England
alone. Itis from Pekin and Pekin only that un
abiding peace can be dictated.”

‘The T'imes counts on Germany also to oppose
the withdrawal of the troops, and expresses the
hope that the attitude of the United States, aa
set forth in the deapatches of THE Suv, ts true.

The Témee's St. Petersburg correspondent
savs that the whole Russian press is greatly sat-
isfled with the Government's ceclaration of
its policy, which fully accords with Rus-
ain’s traditional course in the Far Fast
Moreover, it Is held that the return of the inter-
national headquarters to Tientsin is necessary
in view of the difficulty in keeping open the
lines of communication and victualling
troops.

The Standard this morning publishes an edi-
torial on China which ends by saying: “Lord
Salisbury will certainly not fail to point
out to both Berlin and Washington
the objections that exist to a policy
of retreat. Our own rn in northern
China {is less direct than that of some of
the other Powers Even if Pekin ts
abandoned to the old corruption we will
still be in a position to protect
our interests in those portions of the
Empire which are of prime importance to
British trade. We desire that nothing be done
to disintegrate the concert, but we retain free-
dom of action.”

the

cone

 

PRINCE CHING WANTS TO RETURN.

Diplomats Likely to Ask Him to Come to
Pektn and Explain Things.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

St. PetTensnune, Sept. 2—The OMcial Mes-
aencer publishes a despatch from M. De Gilers,
the Russian Minister to China, dated Pekin,
Aug. 20, via Taku, Aug. 24. which refers to the
hitherto unconfirmed ruqor that Prince Ching
has been appointed Rewent. It appears from
the despatch that Prince Ching wishes to re-
turn to Pekin, but is afraid to do so while the
foreign Ministers will not guarantee his liberty.
Consequently ten dignitaries who remained in
the capital have resolved to urge Sefior de
Cologan, the Spanish Minister and denn of the
diplomats at Pekin, that, with a view
ameliorate the situation, Prince Ching be
invited to return to Pekin and give explana-
tions

to

 

TNE SULTAN'S JUBILEE.

Reception at the Palace and o Dinner in Honor
ef Diplomats and Delegates.
Spectai Cable Despaich to TH SUN

CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 2 — Yesterday's cele-
bration of the Sultan's jubilee was carried out
according to programme. The Sultan did not
appear in public. There was no ceremonial
outside the palace, where a rec ption was given
to the diplomats and jubilee delegates, in whose
honor his Majesty gave a dinner to-night. .

19>

PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION,

 

a

i

apt THRE soon ayn ics 1%

wre’

mYiey ©

rang)

eu.

x‘

Showers or thunderstorms to-day;

NEW RULB IN |THE PHILIPPINES.

 

Basiness Men Welcome the Commission—In-
crease of Customs Receipts,
Special Cable Despatch to THE BUN,

MAwNiLa, Bept. 2.—The announcement of the
Philippine Commission that it was about to
asswie legislative and appointive powers
under the decree of President McKinley has
pleased the businese community. ‘The com-
mission will apply munteipal government, firat
in Pampanga, gradually extending it to the
neighboring provinces. It expeots to establish
a civil government in Manila within eighteen
months. The military authorities have trans-
ferred $6,000,000 Mexican to the cfvil treasury.
This money will probably be spent for harbor
improvements and on roads, which the country
greatly needs

The customs receipts for the last quarter
were one-half larger than for any corresponding
period tinder the Spanish régime.

Local native courts are promised, and the
system of instruction will be improved,

Northern Luzon, where there are 2,600 sol-
diers, remains quiet, showing the benefit of
permanent garrisons.

Gen. Cailles recently executed a peaceful
Presidente and other officials of the town of
Bay in southern Laizon

The eltuation in the small Visayan Islands
is gradually improving. In Mindanao and
the Sulus there ia a better condition of affairs.

PASSENGERS FROM PLAGUE PORT.

 

 

City of Rome Outside From Greenock~-Ther-
mometers Await Her at Quarantine.

The Anchor Line steamship City of Rome,
with about 1,000 cabin and steerage passengers,
chiefly from Glasgow, arrived last night and
anchored outside the bar. She sailed on Aug.
25 from Greenock, which is about twenty miles
down the Clyde from Glasgow. Her Glasgow
passengers reached her by rail to Greenock.
Health Officer Doty was prepared last night
to make an examination of ship and passengers
in case she should have come up to Quarantine.
He will board her this morning witb a large staff
of assistanta and, if necessary, will take the
temperature of every passenger. He reeived
from the Board of Health yesterday fourteen
thermometers to add to his stock at quarantine.

Acoording to the latest despatches from
Glasgow the bubonic plague there is increas-
ing. It is thought that there will not be any
cases aboard the City of Rome, a she is kept
in excellent condition. If any passengers are
held it is likely that they will be forced to stay
only a few days in Quarantine, Dr. Doty
said last night that he could not say what would
be done with the steamship until she got to
Quarantine and he found out whether or not
she had any suspicious cases aboard,

NEGROES MOBBED IN CHICAGO,

 

They Cut Two of Thetr Own Race and a White
Mob Got After Them,

CHIcaco, Sept. 2.—The quick run of a patrol
wagon and the smart unloading of Its force of
officers at midnight saved two negrovs to-night
from the hands of a white mob that was mad-
dened to the point of lynching the colored men
Ina fight at Sixty-first street and Wentworth
avenue the two had slashed two other negroes
with razors, A mob quickly gathered.

Arlot call to the Englewood police station
brought the wagon and six men, headed by
Sergts, Storen and Delahanty. They made
a charge, using clubs and revolvers to awe the
mob, but even by free display of their weapons
they bad great difficulty in reaching the negro
prisoners, who were then struggling for their
lives,

When the policemen were finally suocessful
in placing the colored men in the patrol wagon
the horses were driven at a mad pace to the
police station in order to get away from the
crowd. The men wounded by the prisoners
weretaken to a hospital, where their wounds
were pronounced probably fatal

The prisoners were severely beaten by the
mob before being rescued by the police.

ROUGH RIDER HARDWICK ALIVE.

Body of a Man Found Near El Paso Had Been
Buried as His,

EL Paso, Tex., Sept. 2.—About a year ago
J. S. Hardwick, one of Roosevelt's Rough
Riders, who served through the Cuban came
paign, was in the hospital here with fever, and
suddenly disappeared. He could not be found
anywhere, Lutsix days after his disappearance
the dead body of a man waa found near the
city and identified as the body of Hardwick.
To-day Capt. H. F. Bloom of the Customs
Service returned from a trip down in Mexico
and reported that at Salado, Mex., ne met
Hardwick, who is tn excellent health. Hard-
wick says he was delirious with fever when ne
left the El Paso bospital, and was sick in Me,-
ico when he recovered consciousness. He is a
native of New Mexico.

WOMAN MURDERED IN HARLEM,

 

 

Rosie Livowltz, Stabbed in the Breast, Dies
Instantly—Slayer Arrested,

Mrs. Rosie Livowitz, 40 years old, of 206 Fast
Ninety-eighth street, was stabbed in the right
breast early this morning by Antonio Maes-
tingo, 42 years old, of 2662 First avenue, She
died soon afterward, Maestingo was arrested
and locked up in the Fast 104th street station,

 

FIRE SWEEPS ATLIN CITY.

Business Part of the Town Burned Last
Sunday—No Insurance.

Vieronta, B. C., Sept. 2.—News reached here
to-day that the business part of Atlin City was
burned last Sunday. Ten buildings were en-
tirely destroyed, The loss is placed at $40,000,
without insurance.

 

CAR ROWDIES MET THEIR MATCH.

Tackled a Cop in Plain Clothes Who Made Them
Sorry for It.

Two intoxicated men greatly bothered the
passengers of an uptown Third avenue trolley
car last night by swearing at everybody who
got on or off the car At Seventieth street
Policeman Donuelly of the Mulberry street
station, who was in plain clothes and was ac-
companied by his wife, left the car The roughs
cursed him and Donnelly told them to keep
civil tongues in their heads or they would re-
gret it The two jumped off the car and made
a rush at Donnelly He banged their heads
together and ‘gave them a thrashing One

managed to escape, but Donnelly Nauled the
other to the East Slaty-seventh street station,
where he was locked up on a charge of assault
The prisoner said he was Patrick Collins, @
laborer, of 442 East Seventy-second street

 

EXPLOSION ON A STEAM LAUNCH.

The Peter Delacey Badly Damaged- Engineer
fiurned, bat Stuck to His Post.

Flackensack, N, J, Sept, 2,-The steam
launch Peter Delacey, owned by John Ryan,
proprietor of the Mansion House, Hacken-
sack, narrowly escaped destruction by fire
this aiternoon when in midstream at Little
Ferry, due to an explosion that scattered the
burning coals all over the floor of the launcti
Engineer J, E Huyler was badly burned about
the face, but he stuck to his post The guests,
Messrs Frank Bennett, Joseph R Richards

and F ©, Humphrey, became excited, Ben-
mitt attempted to jump Into the river, Hi
friends restrained him. Flmer Mehrhof towed
out from the sbore and towed in th

disa-
bled launeh, which was badly damaged,

 

Eighty-five Clabs
are within from two to fifteen minutes of the New
York Central's Grand Central Stadon, New York.
Be sender club men travel on the New York Cen-
~Adp

Le

ee

fair tosmorrowe +

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

THE LOOTING OF PEKIN,

BRITISH GENERAL SAID TO HAVE
GIVEN HIS CONSENT,

Report That Troops of One Power Have Even
Begun to Plander Imperial City--Many
Chinese Families Committing Sutetde
~Story of Killing of Fifty Missionaries.

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to TH Sun,

LONDON, Sept. 3 -The Standard prints a
despatoh, dated Tientsin, Aug. 24, saying that
after the relief of the lexations Gen, Gaselee, on
the suggestion of Sir Claude Macdonald, the
British Minister, ratded the carriage park and
seized the State veliicies and chairs and also @
quantity of silver that was buried there.

Geb, Gaselee bas withdrawn his restrictions
regarding looting, like the other commanders,
Dut insists that the looting shall be orderly and
that the proceeds be povied for the common
benefit,

‘The present situation in the capital appears
to be one of stagnation. ‘The Ggnerals are ine
clined to give tie Chinese @ chance to surren-
der, and not to destroy valuable property.

An epidemic of anicide has broken out among
the Chinese in Pekin. Familles of eight and
ten persons are destroying themselves, gen-
erally by hanging

The Imperial city has been formerly divided
in writing among the Powers, but it has not
yet been occupied. It is reported that the
troops of one Power have already entered and
begun looting.

It is stated that the Dowager Empress hes
sought the proteotion of Lu, Governor of Bhansi
and ex-Governor of Shantung. Lu ts believed
to have put to death fifty-one missionaries. It
is stated that he so informed the Empress @
while ago,

PILLAGING IN AMOY,

 

 

 

All the Inhabitants Who Are Not Too Poor ta
Flight, 4

Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN.

ffAmoy, Aug. 80—The exodus of the In-
habitants of this city continues, Those
leaving lock their houses, taking little
with them. Many of the deserted houses
have been pillaged. There is general depres-
sion. Ships still load and discharge, but only
the poverty of the dock laborers prevents them
from fleeing. The American gunboat Castine
hasarrived here. The British, Germans, Rus-
giana and Freneoh each have ashipin the por,
while the Japanese have three,

WAR NOT EXPENSIVE TO RUSSIA,

 

Her Minister of Finance Denies That He Is
Negotiating a Loan.
Special Cable Despatch to THER SUN.

Pants, Sept. 2.-In an interview with a repre
sentat.ve of the Temps, Mg@e Witte, Russian
Minister of Finance, declared that events in
China were not expensive to Russia, which
country had permanently in Siberia 170,000
troops. She is now taking only some 20,000
from Russia proper. He added that he hadno
thought of contracting a loan for Russia in
Paris or elsewhere,

 

LI KNEW OF RUSSIA'S PLAN.

Was Also Informed That German Troops
Would Get Out of Pekin,
Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN,

Lonpon, Sept. 3.--A despatch from Shanghal
to the Times, dated Aug. 81, says that Li Hung
Chang received on Aug. 30 a telegram from
the Chinese Minister at St. Petersbur@ say-
ing that Russia would issue instructions
without delay for her troops to leave Pekin and
return to Tlentsin Li Hung Chang subse-
quently received a despatch irom the Chinese
Minister at Berlin, saying that Germany was
prepared to codperate with Russia

 

LEGATIONERS WERE NOT STARVING,

 

Fad a Fair Supply of Food and Even Luxaries
When They Were Relieved.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
LONDON, Sept. 3.—A Shanghai despatch to
the Times says that two American correspond-
ents who left Pekin on Aug. 2! with a party of
forty Americans arrived at Shanghai on Satur-

day. ‘They say that the legations on the day
they were relieved showed no signs of acute
distre +s, The total food supply, including

luxuries, was still considerable.

 

HOSTILE SPIRIT AT NANKIN,

Foreigners Molested Because of the Landing
of Troops at Shanghai,
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk SUR.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 2—A report from Nankin
says that owing to the drought the rice crop ja
afailure. Forelgners have been molested, and

there isexcitement among the natives owing
to the continual landing of foreign \roops at
Shanghai,

 

 

WAITING TO NEAR FROM THE POWERS,

 

 

There Isa Settled Belief That Germany Will
Not Consent to Withdraw From Pekin,

WASHINOTON, Sept. 2.—This has been a quiet
day for State, War avd Navy Department
officials. The only message of interest received
was one from Consul-General Goodnow at
Shanghai, to the effect \hat the Amoy incident
could be considered closed, This referred to
the disturbances at Amov a week ago, when a
Japanese temple was destroved by rioters, and
the apprehen-ion by the foreign Consuls there of
further troubles, Japanese marines were landed
to protect the interests of that country, and this
act gave rise to suspicions of Japan s motives,
Subsequeitiy the Tok lo authorities announced
their intentions of withere #ing the marines as
goon as there was no danger of a renewal of the
attacks, and Mr. Gcodnow’s message is taken
to mein that order has been restored and the
troops withdrawn

There were no new developments, it. was
stated, in the negotiations regarding China,
The Administration is awaiting (he replies of the
wer Powers to ite note

here is a seitied belief that Germany will

not agree to withdraw. Should this. prove
true it is expected the other Power
will agree to withdraw From unofficia

advices this is probably what will Lethe decision
of the Powers re gardiess of Germany's stand,
The next step to be taken efter this is settled 8
being discussed by the President and bis advis-
ers. It was Japan 8 Augmestion that two oth@®
viceroys be desixnated by the Imperial Governe
ment to act as peace envoys with LA Hu
Chang. This meets with faver by this Gove
ment, and itis expected that it will remove
objections of any of the Powers to karl Li lf
rowers are not e@iven him to negotiate
for peace alone. It has been apparent that he
is distrusted in some quarters. This Governe
ment will, itis sad, appoint a peace commia-
sioner, Minister Conger probably, with an
aasistant who will be Mr. Rockhill, Min-
ister Conger bas not mentioned his health
in any of his despatches except to say “ Allare
well,” and he has not indicated any desire to be
calied home for a rest. The President and
members of the Cabinet all wish to have Minis-*
ter Conger's desire in this matter carrled out,
gna if he will accept the mission it will une
oubtedly be g ven him.

No warm is felt here on account of the broken
means of communication wth Pekin, A
War Department official said to-day that
it would not take more than one Koxer to
cut the telegraph line aud thata small band of
roving mauraders could keep the line cut for
some time, Although the Departments will be
closedj to-morrow on account of Labor Day,
Secretary Rootand acting Secretary of State
Adve will be at their offices,

Rhanghal Celebration Abandoned,
Speetal Cable Despaichto THE SUN,
SHANGHAI, Sept. 2 -The propose. celebra-
tion here In hovor of the relief of the legations

at Pekin has finally been abandoned tn defer-
ence tothe consular andmilitary fears that it
would provoke disturbances

 

No Orders Issued for the Withdrawal ef Our
Troops From Pekin, *
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.—Secretary Root says

feos URS

~~...

there is no truth in the stor
heen issued for the withdra’
from Pekin.