a=

‘

ms

aa

- eens
a a iil

re
————

=

CBher teaa

 

“a

{
}

 

   
       
  

OTE RTT BS ME >

»
‘
¢
'

—

REIT amen
epee

aan
we

lg pee

i ae

ae Se

cea

Sat il te

 

oo oe

   

PRISONERS |

IRISH SKIPPER VISITS THE BOERS
HILLTOP CAMP.

 

Saw Commandant Roar, but Missed Cronje
~Prisoners Pretty Comfortable, but Sebtel,
the Captured German Artillerist, Very
Crose—Red Balletins of Cape Town News.

Tho latest news by British freighter from
the Boer prisoners at Bt. Helena urrived yes-
terday aboard the Hogan Line steamship Mas-
conomo, which made a slow voyage from the
farnoun litte island, because she has clinging
to her hull the retarding collection of baroacles
acoumulated by lying two months In troplo
waters, She will go into dry dock at Erie Basin
to-day and have all themarinegrowths soraped
off. She is so foul that she was able to do
only about 6 knots an hour

Capt. Alfred Mann of the Masconomo is an
Irishman, proud of his nationality, but loyal
to bie British Government. He called at St.
Helena merely because the ship's machinery
had proken down and he thought he might
got it repaired there. He found that there
were no shops ashore that could do the Job,
so he told his plight to the Governor of the
island, who got the engineers’ force of the Brit-
{sh orulser Niobe, lying off the island, to fix
things. They could not take any pay for it,
but the skipper gave them @ present on behalf
of the Hogan Line.

The ship was thirty-six hours anchored
within 200 yards of the precipitous shore of
the island, off the only port, Jamestown, whioh
lies between two steep ridges and is so narrow
that {t oan afford to have only one street with-
out @ slant to @tarboard or port. When you
try to get off the street you have touse an olpen-
stock unless you are a natural-born mountain
climber. When the Masconomo dropped
anchor she was quickly surrounded by 4 fleet
of bumbuate filled with natives with things to
sell, They had fruit, necklaces, bracelets
and purses made of bright brownish seeds,
and photographs of everything on the island.
The room in which Napoleon died, his house
at Longwood and every memorial of the Little
Corporal on the island were among the things
photographed. There were pictures of
the Boers as they marched through the streets
of Jamestown under esoort of British soldiers
who did not show up wellin contrast with their
stalwart prisoners; and photographs of Gen,

Cronje Nearly every one of the ship's com-
pany bought one or more pictures and sent
them home to friends and relativesin Britain
Capt Mann had never been on the island,
and, having an Irishman’s admiration for the
great French General, he decided to go ashore
and take a look around, incidentally visiting
the camp of the Boer prisoners, He save [hat
the camp is about five miles from the shore ina
direct line, but by the zigzag roads winding up
the east side of the mountain it is about twelve
miles awa He went up in a two-wheeled trap
and on the way passed many groups of Boers

also

bound for Jamestown Some of them were
working for the farmers of the island They
wave the Irish akipper a military salute Some

aniiled, but most looked somewhat
solern They sinoked lonag-stemmed pipes and
wore no unitorms, Capt, Mann saw among all
that he fell in with only three hats that were ap
parently intended originally to be parts of a unl-
form, He found the prisoners Whe were not op
varole or had not the privilege of working for
he farmers in an inelosure about aquarter of
a tnile square, surrounded by a high wire fence
Outside of this fence and about twelve feet
from ‘t was another, along whch the sentinels
tatrolled There were notices posted on the
{naide fence in English and Dutch warning
risoners that if they went beyond the first
ence they would be likely to be shot A Week
before the skipper visited the place oue of
the prisoners, a cogk, was killed ie a sentine
because he went offMof the first inclosure and
refused to halt when ordered to do so. The
sentinel was tried by court-martial and exon-
erated

The Boer camp is on the top of a hill ina
place called Deadwood Plain lt is a healthy
spot and the southeast trades blow constantly
over it Phere was no sickness Among either
the soldiers or the Boers. The original war-
rison of the island is from @ black West India
regiment They have nothing to do with the
Boers,who are guarded entirely by men of the
Gloucester Regiment, Lieut -Col. Evans come-
manding The officers of the regiment and
the Boer officers, all of whom have the liberty
of the island, on parole, fraternize in Jdames-
town and talk about the events of the war
There is cable connection with Cape Town,
and the printer of Jamestown gets out at ine
tervals a little scrap of cable news of the war
ona aheet of red paper about four inches square
and sells it to Boers and Britons for a penny a
copy. It isalso posted in the St. Helena Club
house at Jamestown where it is discussed by
men from the ships that may be in port and
the officers of the British eruiser Niobe, whieh
ig anchored off the town to see that none of
the Koers escapes, or is assisted in escaping,
by sea. Capt. Mann said

“What impressed me most about the Boers
was the great difference in their ages. T saw
many eray-haired and patriarchal-looking ten
of 70 and a lot of boys who could not have
been more than 15 of 16 years old. Men
of middie age seemed to be the exception
They were chiefly very old or very young. I
talked with Col. Schiel, the German artillery
officer, and cannot say that - tike him. He
was inclined to be cantankerous and criticised
everything and everybody fhe Boer officers
were apparently satisfied with their condition
1 also spoke with Commandant Rous, who, lL
believe, captured Winston Churehill Rour
is more than six feet tall and is one of the
handsomest men among the prisoners,
most of whom are big fellows. He said that he
believed the war would soon be over and ex-
reseed the hope that the British might end
t by giving the Boers terms that would not
be humiliating 4 did not see Crouje, who
lives at the Governor's hot some five miles
from the Boer camp | heard that Cronje and
the Governor are very friendly and frequently
dine together The Boer offloers that L met
struck me as men of intelligence, but most of
the rank and file did not seem to me of a very
high order intellect ually The Boers live twelve
in a tent and t the same rations as the men

of therm

 

“e

 

 

who guard them Every month a. stean-
ship from England with bullocka aboard
anchors off = Jamestown The cattle are
taken ashore on floats and lifted

to the cliff by a big crane Our own soldiers
live thirteen in a tent, and 80 are a little more
erowded than the Boers. The latter have in-
creased their aceommodations by building
shacks of bamboo and tree branches The
make tin roofs for the shelters by flattening
out Standard Of! cans that onee contained the
kerosene used in the camp There are apout
9,400 prisoners in the wired inclosure, It is
{fn full view of the sea, and the prisoners spend
much time looking out on the water, which
most of them never saw until they were put
anoard the ship that took them to the island.’

ENGLAND ANNEXES TRANSVAAL,

Proclamation to That Fifect by
Parsait of Botha.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LonpDon, Sept. 2 The Central News saya that
Gen. Roberts has issued a proclamation at Bel-
fast, in the Transvaal, annexing the South
African Republic to Great Britain.

The correspond ‘nt adds that the British fol-
owed Gen. Botha’s force for fourteen miles
north of Machadodorp on the Lydenburg road.
The Boers, after some mounted infantry skir-
mishing, disappeared into the Crocodile Hilla It
fe believed that President Kroger and Pres.-
dent Steyn are still at Nelspruit.

Roberts—

MORE SURGEONS NERDED,

Many Posts tn Philippines Without a Doctor
~Gallantry of Gen. Wheeler's Son.

San FRANCTSCO, An official in the
medical service in the Philippines, writing to
a friend here, calls attention to the great need
of surgeons Many in that tropfeal cli-
mate are now without doctors The number of
military stations has been increased from 125
to 375 since last January The letter is in part
as follows

“Although the sick report is phenomenally
sinall, being less than ® per cent. of
po force, the large number of stations ox
pled and the increased amount of

 

Sept 2

posts

 

The e

 

cue
executive

and administrative work that must be done
in addition to the hospitals require at least
one doctor for every post of any appreciable

 

tired for the ad-
present we have
the entire work,

size in addition to those rec
ministration personnel At
but 866 medical officers for
ineluding those with the Relief and those on
duty in China Phe result is that there is a
large number of poste without any medical
attendance except such as is furnished by
members of the hospital corps, while a consid-
erable number of stations have no medical
attendance of any kind
Gen, Wheeler's son, Maior
Volunteers, bas shown himself to be a true
son of his father. Ih a tight the other day he
led hie troops against a force of  tnsurwernts
who ware strongly intrenched on top of a hill
and successfully defeated them, having ove
man killed and an offeer and three men wounded
The hill was so steep the men had to climb up
by the aid of their hands, while the wounded
rolled to the foot of the hill when bit The
Americans got within thirty wards of the in
+ mts before the Filipinos retreated. All
men acted bravely, Gen. MacArthur
SeuPHmented them in his official report of the

t
A

 

Wheeler, U.S

+

  

a a

SN

oer creer ee

+) ety tener <r 3 2 eatee ny =

ALL PARTIES TO VOTE IN CUBA.

The Coming Election for Delegates to the
Constitational Convention,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
HAVANA, Sept. 2. After some talk of abstain-

‘ing from the elections for delegates to the Con-

atitutfonal Convention all the political parties
have decided to vote. They have named eight
candidates or are about to do so. The Demo-
cratic Union and Republicans have nominated
@ joint ticket in Havana province consisting
of Manuel Sangullly, Prof, Berriel, President
of the University of Havana: Prof. Zaldo, Sefior
Pierra, a rich lawyer, and the Marquis de Fate-
ban. The Democratic party has nominated
Seflor Giberga in Matanzas, which will elect
four delegates, the minority having one, The
election law provides for a substitute for each
delegate, to serve if the delegate is nable to
attend. In this way some good men will be
able to attend the sessions of the convention,
which they would not otherwise have been
a to do, taking the places of delegates who
w@ elected because of wealth or revolutionary
prestige, but who will practically retire in their
favor.

The second registration in Havana shows
a total of 2,420. The parties are showing a
better organization than in the previous eleo-
tion, and party feeling is more developed.
The coming election is more important than
the previous one, when the cry of independ-
ence was paramount. The fact that the Na-
tionals hold many offices gives them more
influence than they would otherwise have.
This party has nominated Gen. Lacret, an
ultra-revolutiontet, and ex-Secretary of Jus-
tioe Estevez as candidates in place of Maximo
Gomez and Sefior lacoste, The latter will
stand as a candidate in Santiago.

Qovernor General Wood and his party, who
have been making a tour of the island, have
returned to Havana

THE PLAGUE IN GLASGOW.

Woman's Body Found in a House tn the In-
fected District.

Special Cadla Despatch to THE SUN.

GLasaow, Sept. 2.--Ninety-three persons sus-
pected of having the plague are under observa-
tion in two medical houses. Twelve have been
taken to the hospital to be treated for the dis-
ease. A woman's body was found to-day tn
a house in the Infected district. It had been
there for several days, It has not been de-
cided whether the woman died from the plague
or an ordinary fever

ALLIANCE CONVENTION.

Number of Visitors Smaiier Than Last Year
-Dr. Simpson's Opening Sermon.

Nyack, Sept. 2.—The three score of tents
which have dotted Nyack Heights on the oc-
easion of each annual convention of the Chris-
tian and Missionary Alliance are absent at the
fourth annual convention which opened this
morning, showing that the number of visitors
is smaller than last year But Dr A B Simp-
son says he expects a larger and highly profit-
able convention before the week closes. He
sald this morning that they would take up a
collection at each service during
to pay the travelling ex-
brethren who came

services, and he
hoped several hundred dollars
for that purpose Dr, Simpson said nething
te-day about the big collection which he ex-
pected to take at the meetings next Sunday,

but will refer to that later inthe week, when
more alliance people from the city get here.
He preached the opening sermon of the con-
vention t merning from the text “Plant

very quick
the convention, just
of the
in the
raise

penses
aid

to

to

is

My Feet on Higher Ground,” and the discourse
was deeply religious all through, tn the latter
part he told of his own oxpe-
rience when he withdrew from rege

lar chureh work and started out inthe movement
which resulted in the formation of the Christian
Alliance

I remetaber when,” sald he, “twenty-five
years ago [ stood in the streeta of New York,
where the pavements of the city were more
friendly than the people [ had lefe, I did not
then know a soul in that city of sin, and = it
seemed as if the pavements would lift them-
selves up to greet me,”

There was a divine healing service at Berachah
Home at 5 o'clock this afternoon, and a number
of wonderful tales of healing by falth were
told. The divine healers, however, reject
Christian Science as it is taught and practised
ard say it isa fallacy

MACRUM RAILS AT JOHN HAY.

 

Haan't Said He Wonld Speak for Bryan- Might
Be Regarded as « Sorchead.

Crrcaao, Sept. 2. “LT think the United States
{a right in following the policy of cooperating
with Russia in preserving the Chinese Empire,
but [ do not think that policy ean be followed
while John Hay is Secretary of State,” said
Charles EF. Macrum, for er Consul to Pretoria,
in an interview at the Palmer House last night.
Mr. Macrum did not make this declaration
until he had first declared that he considered
himself only a drop in the bucket and that his

no political importance. He
when pressed for his
situation,

nto his head to fol-
so either over Mr

opinion was of
made the declaration
opinion on the diplomgt

It Melwitdey takes f i
low that poliey, he will do
Hay's head or after Mr. Hay has retired,”
he continued Mr. Hay has always been
pro-Enaglish, and it is said that he is much
piqued by Secretary Root’s tendency to favor
the policy of Russia instead of the policy of
I naland in China

 

He showed his pro-knglisb
tendencies while Tl was Consul at Pretoria, I
did not have a fair show to prove my charges
before the committee. | could not expect
anvthing else from the committee.’

When asked if it is true that he intends to
take the stump against McKinley and in favor
of Bryan in the present campaign Mr. Macrum
wonld not give a direct answer

I have not said anything about that to any
one,” he said, “and any such statements cred-
ited to me in newspaper interviews are incor-
rect lam not egotistical enough to think that
it would make any difference what J did po-
litically Anything 1 might say. would only
be considered as the complaint of a sorebeac
T think i( better taste under the circumstances
to say nothing | will say nothing about my
future plans now, except that 1 have not taken
the stump and have never said I would.) 1 am in
the glass business again. 1 have been in that
business since | was a boy and T am in Chicago
as a representative of aconcern in Pittsburg.”

ARTILLERY OFF FOR MANILA,

Two Battertes to Sal! To-day on the Rosecrans
Presidio Camp Dwindles,

San Francisco, Sept. 2.—The transport
Rosecrans will sail to-morrow for Nagasaki
and probably thence to Manila with two light
batteries, The guns are now on the wharf
and the men and horses to be taken out by the
Rosecrans and the Frederica will leave the
Presidio early in the morning. The transport
Lawton due to-night from Seattle. The
transport Thomas will be placed in the Hunt-
ers Point dry dock for a general cleaning

light Batteries C and M, Seventh Artillery,
and a battalion of the Fifth Infantry are all
that remain of the large number of troopa
that have been in camp at the Presidio fortwo
weeks Che Fifth Infantry will sail for Ma-
nila on the 16th. The only other troops now
nnuder orders for Manila ure a battalion of the

is

highth Infantry, a battalion of the Twenty-
fourth Infantry and three companies of the
Twenty-fifth Infantry. The colored soldiers

will sall Oct. 1

FOUND DROWNED IN THE SOUND.
A Bedy Suppesed to Be That of Barber
Gabriel Fross Taken Ashore at West Chester.

James Keating and Frank McGlory, two em-
plovees of ths Westchester Country Club, sa w the
body of a man fleating in Long Island Sound
yesterday afternoon and towed it ashore, where

{ was removed to the West Cuester police sta-
tion. From letters and a barber's union card
foundin the pockets the police think the body
is that of Gabriel Bross, a borber who was em-
ployed ats Unionsquare There were $12.50 in
the pockets, in additior. to the letters,

Industria! Festival in Ridgewood Park.

A five days’ festival, with an industrial, hortt-
cultural and agricultural exhibition, was opened
yesterday in Ridgewood Park, on the outskirts
of Williamsburg, by the Cannstatter or Schwae-
bischen Volksfest Verein of Brooklyn. More
than 10,000 persons were present. ‘The festival
wasformally opened at2 Po M and at4 o'clock
a festival acdre s was made by Mr. Carl Aich-
meme. the President of the festival, and ad-

resses were also made by Karl Schneider and
Adoiph Merkt 7

 

Stops the Coogh and Works Off the Cold.

Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets cure a cold in one
day. NoCure, No Pay. Price 25 cents —Adv.

  

 

eS ©
a
——_——_— ee

aA ee

SLUGGING OF DR. WILLIAMS.

JOHN C, SHEBHAN NWEARD THE DOC+
TOR WARNED OF IT.

Young Tepper, Who Was ‘Done Up" at the
Same Time, Tells What Little He Knows,
bat Neither Victim Can Give the Police
Any Description of the Two Assallants,

John C, Sheehan corroborated yesterday
the statement of Dr, Hamilton Williams, Cor-
oners’ physician, who was hit with a aandbag
or blackjack in the street on Saturday night,
that a warning had been given to Dr. Wil-
liama that he was to be “done up" for 4 speech
he had made in the Pequod Club of the Ninth
Assembly district attacking Chief Devery

Mr. Sheehan said

“1 read in ‘THe SUN this morning the ac
count of the assault made upon Dr. Willlams
1 at once recalled the conversation which took
place in my office to which Dr. Williams refers.
On the Saturday preceding the primary elec-
tions a well-known lawyer called on me and
said that Dr, Williams was tn danger, He
then and there told me of a conversation that
he had heard about doing Dr, Williams bodily
harm and he wished me to communicate that
fact to the doctor, While we were talking
Dr. Willams came in, I asked the gentleman
to relate to the doctor what he had told me.
He then repeated the story to Dr Williams.
It was substantially the sarne as told in to-day ‘s
SrNn.”

Dr. Williams says that he {intends to get from
this lawyer the names of the two men whom
the lawyer heard talking about the alleged
arrangements for doing him up and to follow
up the case. He says the lawyer told him that
the two men belonged to the Goodwin-Smith
Tammany faction in the Ninth Assembly dis-
trict, and that, in the words of Dr Williams
one of them said that “Tommy Smith had told
him that, as Chief Devery could not afford per-
sonally to do Williams up, he was going to have
hia brother, Andy Devery, and Wardman Grady
lay for Williams some night as he left his house
and put him out of business.” Thomas F.

Smith and Roundsman Grady declared tn THe
SUN yesterday that this was a ridiculous story.
H. J. Tepper, the young man who was with
Dr. Williams on Saturday night, when the latter
was assaulted, and who was himself worse hurt
than Dr. Williams, was able to give his account
of the affair yesterday lepper is a clerk in
a machine abop on Cortlandt street, and as told
in THE SUN yesterday, lives in the same house
at 246 West Fourteenth street, with Dr. Williams
and frequently goes out for short walks with him
in the evening
1 was knocked out at the first blow,” said
Tepper yesterday, “and 80 cannot tell as muc h
about just what happened as Dr. Williams
has told. It was afew minutes before 9 o'clock
when Dr. Williams called to me that he was
oinwg out for a walk and asked me to go along.
{came downstairs and we left the house to-
gether. We walked over to Fighth avenue,
crossed the street and went down on the west
side toward Thirteenth street, until we came
tu Croas’s saloon where we had a couple of gin
rickeys.. There were several men in the place
laying billiards, but 1 did not pay any particu.
arattentiontothem. Lam quitesurethat there
were no rough characters there and | am sure
that the men who assailed us did not follow
ue from the saloon. We came back the same
way we had gone over, walking slowly all the
tine. Next door to the southeast corner of
Fourteenth street and Fighth avenue is a book
store. There is a saloon on the corner and it
was brilllantly lighted There were people
walking to and fro, and in fact a more public
place could not be found. Just as we got in
front of the book store T was hit on the left
side of the face with something hard. ‘The
blow stunned me and [ fell to the sidewalk
That's all | know about the matter, for when
I got my senses back it was all over and the
thugs had disappeared. | am sure that the
men came up behind us 1 did not see Dr
Williams struck, but he told me afterward
that he had been hit at the same time, and lils
broken tooth and cut lip show that he was hit
pretty violently. 1 am sure that to one has
any reason to want todo meup. I[ have never
mixed in politics and | have no quarrels on with
anybody. Dr. Williains has stated what he
believes in the matter, but of course that is an
affair of his own that I know nothing about
1am thankful that they did not break my jaw
bone and tbat I have nothing worse to show
for the experience than a swollen face.

At the Horatio Seymour (tub- the Good-
win-Smith Club of the Ninth district the
idea that any plot to do up Dr. Williams, be-
cause of his anti-Devery speech made tn the
district had been hatched up there, was ridi-
culed last night. An officer of the club said

“Williams lives in the Seventh district, not
in the Ninth, and we have enough trouble
here without going to a neighboring district
for more, Williams was a Boyle man tn the
recent primary fight in bis distriet and It's
yossible that he stirred up some feeling against
Himaelt He is a man who has a remarkable
faculty of making enemies and he is not care=
ful of his language when he wants to express
an opinion of anybody The mysterious thing
about the whole affair is that it should have
oceurred at the corner of Fourteenth street
and Fighth avenue, a corner which is always
crowded, particularly so on a Saturday night
It makes one almost suspect that it never oc
curred at all, at least where it is said to have
occurred.”

The police of the Charles street station had
two polleemen in plain clothes working on
the case yesterday. They called to see both
Dr. Williams and Mr. Tepper, but could not,
wet a description of the thugs from either man
Without such deseription they said they had
but little hope of catching the men

 

ANGRY AT HAMILTON WILLIAMS,

Brother of the Dead Law Student Mertz Com-
plains of the Coroners’ Physician,

When D. Rankin Mertz, a prospective law
atudent at Columbia was found dead of heart
disease in hie boarding house, at 417 West ))4th
street, word was sent to his family in Detroit,
Mich. Mertz's brother William, who is a law-
ver, telegraphed back a request that the body

e turned over to an undertaker and said he
would come to this city at once. He arrived
vesterday and found his brother's body in
the Morgue. No undertaker had touched it
Mr’ Mertz was informed that Coroners’ Physt-
cian Hamilton Williams had sent orders that
the body should be taken to the morgue of the
Harlem hospital and later that it had been
removed to the Bellevue morgue again by the
order of Dr. Williams. The condition of the
body was such that Mr. Mertz was very in-
dignant. He said that Dr. Williams had acted
indecently and that in Michigan there were
laws which would prevent a Coroner's deputy
from bringing about such an abuse of the rights
of the dead

WHITE RATS’ FIRST SHOW.

Performance at the New York Theatre Last
Night Hronght in 87,000.

It was long after midnight when the curtain
dropped on the performance given in the New
York Theatre last night for the benefit of the
White Rats, a new vaudeville association, To
end the show even as late as it did many acts
that were announced and ready had to be
omitted. The entertainment was opened by a
apeech by the President of the society, George
Fuller Golden. It was closed by a burlesque
boxing bout between James J. Corbett and
Fred Stone of Montgomery & Stone, This

was in aso-called “clambake,” alot of ensemble
singing and dancing by many of the performers
who had appeared earlier in single acts. There
were fifty-four volunteers, of whom a
little more than two-thirds appeared. Among
them were Marie Dressler, Leon Morris, Joseph
Natus, Hines and Rernington, Charles Bo Ward,
Williams and Tucker, James Richmond Glen-
roy, edna leigh and Svivia Thorne, J Bernard
Dylion, Dolan and Lenbar, Joe Welch, Edna
Aug, Elinore Sisters, Reno and Richards, AO
Dunean, Sam, Kitty and Clara Morton, Lizzie
B Raymond, Tom Lewis and Sam J Ryan, Ed
Latell, hayes and Lytton, Littl Elsie, McAvoy
and May, William Denny, Grapewinand Chance,
Mark Sullivan, Genero and Bailey, Mr and
Mrs Robyno, Emma Carus, Tim Cronin, Carrie
Graham, George Fuller Golden, James J) Cor-
bett, James. Morton, Hayes and Healey, Mark
Murphy, Charles Aldrich, James Cook, Jim
trarrigan, Nat Wills Dillon Brothers, Frank
D. Bryan, Bert Howard, Frank Lalor and
Craig Montgomery

It was announced that $7,000 had been made
for the association Phis ineluded many dona-
tlons and $150 made by actresses who sold
flowers and programmes. ‘Tod Sloan, who
was a conspicuous figure in a box, spent $10
for his playbill. Gallery seats were bought
at exorbitant prices. The Water Rats, a
similar English ‘society,paid $500 for one: Paul-
ine Hall $25, Michael Shea, $50, Tony Pastor,
$25; Harry Clifford of Clifford & Huth, $25
Charlies Ross, $50 and A. A. Hashim, $100
Weber & Fields paid $200 for a box De Wolf
Hopper, $50 and James J. Corbett, $100,

Lived Thirty-five Days Without Fating.

Lexinaton, Ky., Sept. 2.-At Owingeville in
Balto ccunty to-day Miss Lizzie Moore, a
young schoolmistress, died of starvation. She
was partly paralyzed thirty-five days ago and
since that time had not partaken of a morse!
of food

 

 
 
 

NOTICES OF REAL
SALES
to occur are printed a day in advance in Tar

Scn. This will meet one of your requiremen
if you are interested in Real tate-Adv. ”

 

STATE AUCTION

 

ETS TOTES

THE SUN, MONDAY, SEP

i ja 7
alana a
—_—_—.

TEMBER
OUTRAGED AND ROBBED.

Experience of a White Woman and a Negress
Whe Went to a Cake Walk.

Two young women, one of them A pegress,
approached Policeman Wright at North Tenth
and Roebling streets, Williamsburg, at 6 o clock
yesterday morning, and told him they had
been assaulted and robbed in a nearby stable.
They pointed to a small brick building which
is owned by Peter Blake, a contractor. The
atable {sat 248 North Tenth etreet. ‘The ne
wress said she was Mrs. Julia Holliday of 201
Marcy avenue.

“This lady," sald Mra, Holliday, pointing
to the woman beside her, “ls Mra. Julla Mol-
Jenhauer. She has been robbed of money and
diamonds.”

Mrs. Mollenhauer’s hair was dishevelled and
her clothing disarranged. There were dia-
monde in her ears and in her hair was @ dia-
mond aigrette. Her face and right hand were
scratched. “I've been robbed of five diamond
rings,” said Mre. Mollenhauer, “My pocket-
book containing $75 was also taken” Wright
called Policeman McLaughlin and they searched
Blake's stable and nearby limekilns, but fatled,
to obtain any trace of the thieves. Then the
policemen took both women to the station,

where they were questioned by Capt. Short
Mrs. Mollenhauer said that she lived at 159
Rodney street and that she was the wife of
William J. Mollenhauer, from whom she has
been separated for some time. Mra Mollen-
hauer has two children

‘Last week,” she said to Capt. Short,
ployed Mrs. Holliday to do some cleani in
my house. Mrs. Holliday told me that her hus-
band was a champion cake walker and that on
Saturday night he was going to participate
{n a contest in Palace Hall at 9) Grand street,
Williamsour, I thought it no harm to ask her
to take me along. She went to her home Satur-
day night to dress and | went there after her,
Wao went to the hall, where I was introduced
to some young men, We danced and drank
with them and about 2 o'clock this morning I
thought it was time to wo home, [told the men
and they suggested that we all go out carriage
riding. I didn tfavor the proposition and asked
where I could get a surrey to take me hore,
One of the men who had been introduced to
me as William Blake told me that his friend
Peter McGuire, who sat beside us, was the
owner of a stable at 248 North Tenth street
and that if we went there we could get a rig
1] and Mrs. Holliday went with the two men
Blake Unlocked the stable door and I saw three
men inside, I felt that all was not right. I
turned to leaye the place and the door was
shut violently and I found myself in darkness.
1 and Mrs. Holliday sereamed

“I was thrown down, and while one man put
his hand over my mouth others held me fast
by my feet and arms, I was assaulted and the
yocketbook with the $75 in it was taken, Then
he men robbed me of all my diamond rings.
One ring contained three diamonds and was
worth $300, Another contained diamonds and
twelve sapphires and was also worth $300, while
a third was valued at $150 and the other two
al $75each While I was being robbed I fought
all I knew how and not until I found myself
becoming exhausted did the men leave me and
run from the atable. Then | discovered that
Mrs, Holliday had also been assaulted and
robbed of some of her money.

‘We finally got out of the stable and looked
for a policeman.”

Capt. Short called Detectives Collins and
O'Connor and four policemen To them Mrs
Mollenhauer and the negress gave an accurate
deacription of the assailants At Bedford
avenue and North Tenth street the policemen
saw four of the alleged assailants. hey were
Blake, who is 20 years old and ts the son of the
contractor; McGuire, who lives at 186 North
Tenth street; Peter McDonald, 85 years old,
of 810 South Fifth street, and John
Clark, 26, of 144 ,North Tenth street.
The police went toward the four
and the latter started to run Detective
O'Connor went after Blake. Blake refused to
halt and the detective drew his revolver, It
brought the fugitive toa halt. The other three
were also captured and all were taken to the
yolice station, where both women positively
identified thern as their assailanta, None of
the stolen jewelry was found upon them

rhe prisoners were arraigned later in the
Lee avenue police court, where Magistrate
Kramer held each in $1,000 bail for criminal
assault and $1,000 for robbery

NEWARK LAWYER CRITICISED.

wet ore eer eres er '?

  

 

“Il em-

 

Vice-Chancellor Pitney Says That He Fraud.
ulently Charged for Services.

Newark, N. J., Sept. 2.-—-Samuel J. Mac-
donald, a lawyer of thia city, has just been
severely criticised by Vice-Chancellor Pitney
in an opinion rendered on a petition for an
accounting, filed by Jerome D. Gedney, an
East Orange lawyer, on behalf of Joseph Tate
of Staten Island, a former client of Mr. Mao-
donald’s. According to Mr. Gedney’s petition
Mr. Macdonald received from Frank 8, Field
and others, in Mr. Tate's suit againat ther,
$505.49, exclusive of costs, and from Mr. Tate,
as fees, $100, making in all $606.49, from which

Mr. Maedonald deducted the amount of his
own bill, $486.08, and paid the difference, $18.56,
by cheek to Mr. Tate

Amom other things the Vice-Chancellor
SA\s

l come, with regret. to the conclusion, upon
the whole case, that the bill rendered by the
respondent (Mr. Macdonald) is net only untrue
but fraudulently untrue, in that {it not only
charges for serviees not rendered, but inflated

the charges throughout quite bevend what
the services were worth, even had the amount
involved been larger. But I cannot refrain

from repeating that in all these cases solicitors
and counsel are always expected to regulate
their charges somewhat by the amount involved
and that here was only $50; as found by both
courts
There was at the start no room to suppose
thatalarge sum could be recovered, and | find
it quite impossible to avoid the conclusion that
the respondent deliberately framed his bill
for services in such a manner as to absorb the
whole product of the suit. The respondent in
his answer to the complainant's position en-
larges upon the large amount of study that
he gave to the case and the elaborateness of
his written arguments which he presented
to the court
“There was nothing extraordinary in the as-
sistance given by him to_the court in solving
the questions involved. I think that the case
shows a ‘fraudulent intent’ on the part of the
solicitor 1 think the ‘behavior’ of the respond-
ent has been ‘dishonest’ and ‘oppressive,’
and further that the case presents no ‘doubt
ful questions of law or fact to be settled '
the decision of the Vice-Chancellor,” says
Mr Macdonald, “ia an extremely unfair one
The decision contains some statements that
are not only unfair but deliberately and abso-
lutely untrue. I have taken an appeal to the
Court of Errors and Appeals and { am certain
the Vice-Chancellor's opinion will be reversed.”

CHICAGO MUST SAVE MONEY.

 

Necessary to Drop at Reast 500 Names From
the City Payrolls,

Cnricaao, Sept. 2.—The official axe is awing-
{n@ in the City Hall and 600 employees will
be laid off for at least three months to reduce
municipal expenditures. This number does
not include hundreds who would have been
employed if the pulic improvements, now
dropped because of lack of funds, had been
earried out. Comptroller Kerfoot declares
that he does not want to carry an enormous
deficit over to the next year, and he demands
a cut of nearly $4,000,000 in the budget adopted
by the Council last: March, Improvements
echeduled in the budget have been dropped |
and there is no hope for political heelers to
wet their protégés on the payroll in this dire
tion. This demand for reduction has caused
many heartburnings in the City Hall, because
itm iikely that many of the old-timers will be

 

dropped. Mayor Harrison is in favor of a
reduction of the number of city employees
ruther than the cutting of saluries Pie Fi-

nunee Committee has notified the heads of de-
partments to send in the list of the reductions
they think possible and a meeting will be held
on next Wednesday to decide on what can be
done, The blow is likely to fall heaviest on
men drawing $100 a month and less down to
the laborer at $1.50 a day. Some of the bar-
nacles will stay on, but Commissioner McGann
Says these ure not numerous, By lopping off
f«) employees the city would suve $04,556 for
the lust three months of the year

 

 

"T isn’t queer that Labor Day
is a holiday, seeing that most
holidays are labor days. |

Clothes, shoes, hats and fur.
nishings,

Roocers, Peet & Company.

258 Broadway, cor. Warren,
and 7 and 0 Warren St

660 Broadway, cor. Prinee,

1260 Broadway oor. 324,
and 64 West 334 St

We Oil orders
by mail.

8 ETRE oF CURR OWE NO AD

vy

3, 1900.
BATTERY DAN FINN'S TRIP.

600 STATESMEN GO ON THE ANNUAL
EXCURSION,

 

The Floating Contest ta Bathing Suits Sans
Buttons Was Called Off-Timothy Dry
Dollar Sallivan Learns Something at Poker

| —A Billiard Gamé With Batter Balls,

The good ship Valley Girl with 600 statesmen
aboard left Pier A yesterday morning for Wit-
vel's Point, L. I., and returned late last night
without a vote missing. It waa the eleventh
annual excursion of Battery Dan Finn's Asso-
elation, and everybody said that it was better
than all the other ten put together, Even
Timothy Dry Dollar Sullivan said that every-
thing weaall right, although in the course of
the day he lost $500in seeing the game of poker
exposed by Mr, Dooner of the Building Depart-
ment. There were a lot of other games on the

boat and at the Point.

There was a band aboard and on the way
through Hell Gate it played the ‘‘Isle of Black-
well.’ Some of the statesmen on the hurricane
deck danced the lock step and an enthusiastio
Bryan man who was running a shell game got
so nervous that he mistook an outsider for his
capper and let the outsider win, The band
played the same tune at the same place on the
way home Inst night, but there was no one to
do the lock atep.

A Nght breakfast, consisting of ham and
eggs, Van Wyck steaks, chops, fried clams, po-
tatoes, onions and pie, Was served'as soon as the
Finn Association got ashore, and after that the
games were started and kept up till supper
time. There was baseball, croquet, poker, keg
races, shell games, putting the shot and putting
the butter balls. The last game was played at
the supper table.

‘The floating contest {nthe Sound for Alder-
men was called off, but {t was not the fault of
the Committee of Arrangements. The proprie-
tor of the bathing pavilion bad nothing but
one-piece bathing suits of medium sizes and
was not prepared for the emergency. The Al-
dermen didn't care, but Judge Finn did. He
was al the beach ready to time the contest and
spoke encouragingly to the bevy of seven Al-
dermen as they waded toward the channel,
where they could float without scraping bottom
At the words “they're off from the Judge
the seven Aldermen turned suddenly on their
backs and twenty-elght buttons from seven
different suits shot skyward, Kut not one of
the Aldermen lost his presence of mind or for-
got the gold-headed cane that wasto go to the
winner and seven buovant and buttonless
statesmen were drifting gently shoreward with
the tide, and a group of women at @ camp-
meeting on the next point stopped singing
“There's a Land Thatis Fairer Than Day’ to
see Which floater would win

“Turn over,” yelled Judge Finn, running
and down the beach. “Turn over;
disgrace to the association

But the seven contestants didn't hear, for
their ears were just below the water line and
the overlapping waves were swishing against
their sides. It was an even race and not a
floater moved a inuscle, As they neared the
shore a cross current carried the seven slowly
toward the next point, where the camp meeting
was, and the women ran toward the beach

“Turn over, again yelled Judge Finn, “you're
adiscrace tothe name of Finn and the Demo-
cratic party.’

One of the Aldermen,who had turned his head
to see how the othersix were doing, happened
toget anear out of water juat in time to hear
“Democratic party,” and he said ‘‘Hooroo”’
three times without turning over, Of course,
he couldn't see that the buttons were gone. He
saw the crowd of bis fellow inembers on the
beach andsmiled as he again submerged the
off-shore ear

At this point Assemblyman Halpin whispered
something to the Judgee, who madea mega-
phone ot his hands and yelled

‘That cane don't count. A keg of beer for the
best swimmer. Two kegs for the gent that
swims under water.”

Seven Aldermen turned on the eurface of the
Sound and then disappeared, making seven sets
of circles that swept across to the Westchester
shore and rocked the skiffs off College Point

Judge Finn hurried up and down the shore,
dividing the members of his association into
seven groups. Each group was instructed to
surround an Alderman as soon as he beached

“There they come,” yelledan excited election
district captain, as he pointed toa line of seven
Riatesmen coming shoreward with the tatters

up
youre a

  

of their blue and white denim bathing sults
trailing
Lhe first Alderman went aground five feet

from the shore and started to get up

“Lie down,” yelled Judge Finn, and then he
led the way into the water, followed by the
voters of the first group, who formed ina circle
around their representative onthe board and
escorted him to the bathing pavilion

It then occurred to Judge Finn that there was
no necessity for the whole as-ociaton to get
wet feat, so the work of escort duty was all
giventothe first group, and six times more it
made the irney from the sea to the shore,
and each of the other six Alderman had to stay
aground till bis turo came

The particular poker @ime in which the Hon
Timothy Dry Dollar Sullivan was mest inter-
ested started immediately after the aquatic
sports of the Aldermen, It was justa mid lit-
ile game at first with a bottle of beer anteanda
bottle of wine limit. But the other members of
the association objected, because a corner was
being created in the refreshments of Witzel
Point

One jobon the police force was bet against
two street sweepers’ berths and that sort of
thing lasted till nobody had anything but
money

“Well, we can't stop the game even ifit is

 

 

   
 

Sunday,” said a player who had just lost a
scrubwoman's job en a bluff with a pair of
devices, and he put down a quarter, In ten

minutes there wasn 'tanvthing but paper money
on the table, and when it was allover Dry Dol-
lar was out $500, Heled the way to the dining
room because he had a complimentary ticket,
and in the course of his speech after supper he
assured his hearers that the richare growing
richer and the poor poorer, Senator Sullivan
saidafierward that nothing had happened to
change his views on great public questions, and
that he «till believed the salvation of the coun-
try to be in the Kansas City platform

The putting the butter balls at the supper
table was an innovation introduced by a police-
man who hasa detail in a city devartment so
that he can enjoy himself Sundays He picked
up aball of butter four inches in diameter and
goied it good-naturedly across the room. It
landed on the corner of a stern, square lower
jaw two tables bevond and then carromed down
the table, leaving a golden streak on the fronts

  
  

 

of three frock | coats and was then torn
into individual) batters on the diamond
in the front of the negligé shirt of the
man who sat next Not much attention
was paid to the incident and the man
with the stern, relentless lower jaw, the
three statesmen in frock Coats and the

geotieman with the spark all said that nothing
had happened to change their views on great
public questions and that they should devote
their whole time to working for the tickes.

Judge Finn made aspeech after supper, He
skilfully evaded any reference to the currency
or the Philippines and simply saidthat {f there
was anybody in his district who wanted any-
thing he could have It.

FOUR.

CATBOAT DUCKS
Two Women and Two Men Who Took Marine
Disaster Calmly.

The tugboat James A. Carfleld, owned by
McCaldin Brothers, and in command of Capt.
Patrick Howe, was coming up from Quarantine
shortly after 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon
when about opposite Owls Head Capt, Howe
saw the small ecathboat Buzz capsize without
apparent ceuse near the Brooklyn shore, He

went over to her and found two young women
hanging on the side of the boat while two men
were trying to right it

“Give us a hand, captain, we're getting wet,”
cried one of the young women merrily

The crew of the tug threw a rope to the women
and one of them was dragged to the tug and
hoisted aboard, ‘The rope was then thrown
to the other woman and the crew began to
haul, Just as she reached the sideof the tug-
boat she dropped the rope and went down. As
she came to the surface she was caught by one
of the crew and taken on board. The two
young men were easily taken from the cap-
sized boat The four persons were John Ben-
nett, Terence Keegan, May Ficket, and Pear!
Swanton. They all live near Ovington and
Third avenues, Bay Ridge. All were in blithe
epirite Cant. Howe towed the catboat to the
shore near the summer house of the Crescent
Athletic Club and landed the rescued party
there

MRS, WHITE MARRIES AGAIN.

Divorced From Her Husband Several Weeks
Ago, She Weds Mr. Rodgers of Binghamton.

BINGHAMTON, NY, Sept. 2.--Several weeks
ago society in Binghamton and Scranton were
startled by the announcement that Mr. and
Mre Theodore White had been separated by a
decree of divorce Mr White is a prominent
manufacturer of this city and Seranton, while
Mrs White @tands high in musical circles in
New York and Pennsylvania being well known
in Brooklyn This week cards were received
announcing the marfase of Mra Whit to A

c KE. Rodgers, a Binghauitou business man
The ceremony was performed in Brooklyn and
the wedding wasa very quiet affair Mr Rodgers
is a leading merchant of this city and his wife
has hosts of friends here, where she won for
herself her first laurels in the musical world
The couple are now on an extended wedding
{ride after which they will make their residence
re

5

 

WEATHER LIKE THIS

Makes us crave a change of diet,—our usual food palls,

 

COOK’S

FLAKED RICE

Is so attractive in appearance that it tempts, ang
that is half the battle.
dent to its preparation.
minute, and may be done at the table,

Besides all this, COOK’S FLAKED RICE js
both a preventive and a cure for summer com
plaints of children.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.

All Grocers, Large package, 15 cents.

There is no fatigue ine)
It takes less than half a

Trv one,

COOK’S FLAKED RICE CO., I Union Square, N, Y. City,

     

MR, JACKSON REFUSED A CHEW.

And When Mrs. Miller Pot Her Hand tn His
Pocket the Row Began.

All of them were negroes. They were Philip
Thompson of 61 Downing street, his friend,
Andy Jackson, Annie Miller of 212 West Sixty-
second street and Annie's mother, who bears
the same name. They enjoyed themselves
atan exclusive party ina flat at 9 Minetta street
from early Saturday evening until 6 o'clock
yesterday morning, and then Thompson got a
atab wound in his arm. He said the younger
Annie did it, and Policeman Birbeck locked
her up

“Jedge,” said Annie, when she was arraigned

in the Jefferson Market police court, “we was
goin’ home, peaceful as lambs, when my
inothah made a p'lite request to Mistah Jackson
foh a chaw of turpaccer. Says she, ‘Wonchu
obleege me, Mistah Jackson, wif a@ little bite

of youah fruit cake?’ Jes like dat, Judge,
an’ he turns around an’ says, ‘Ladies have no
business usin’ de filthy weed,’ Jes like dat,

Jedge. Nachully she thought he was indulgin’
in pleasantrashun at her expense, an’ she put
her han’ in his pocket

“‘Go ‘way, woman,’ says thie heah Mistah
Thompson, an’ he pushes iny mah ‘'way- jes
like dat, Jedwe. Ah couldn't stan’ no such
slight to a lady an’ Ah immejutly mixed in
This heah Mistah Thompson he got cut in de
ahm. Ab don'tknow how it got done

Thompson Vigorously denied that he had
been ungallant

“Ab wouldn't tech this heah Missus Millah,”
he said. “Dat's ridic'lus. Why she married
mah wife's nephew twict removed, Jedge.
Ah couldn't maltreat mah relations like dat
could Ah, Jedge’”
wee younger Annie was held for examina-
tion.

 

WILL FORM A NEW POST.

Men Who Served on the Gloucester Devising a
New Organization.

 

Ten veterans of the Spanish-American War,
who served on the Gloucester, and who are
now up in arms because Clinton H. Smith,
former Major of the Seventy-first Regiment,
was admitted to membership in Gloucester
Command No. 17, Spanish War Veterans,
held a meeting on Saturday night at the home
of Peter Keller, 2386 First avenue, and decided
that as long as Mr. Smith is in any way con-
nected with the Spanish War Veterans they
will have nothing to do with that body The
first steps were also taken toward the formation
of an independent organization of veterans
to be known as Gloucester Post, similar to
the post bearing that name, which was formed
shortly after the war, and which was absorbed
by the Spanish War Veterans, The intention
is to have the small organization consist of
former bluejackets only

It was decided that the present officers of the
Gloucester Command will not be recognized
by the Gloucester men, and in explaining this
Mr. Keller said last night

In an article describing the meeting of the
command, published about July 21, they caused
things to be said, in the name of the command,
derogatory to Gov toosevelt. Now, the
(oucester’a men have only admiration for
Gov. Roosevelt, and after the article was pub-
lished we wrote andtold him so and he wrote
back thanking us

PEPPERED BY THE JANITRESS,
Waiter Who Intraded Was Scasoned Instead of
the Supper.

Mrs. Abbey Kammerer, fanitress of the
building at 217 East Fortieth street, was a pris-
oner in the Yorkville police court yesterday
charged with peppering a tenant in that house
As to whether the pepper was used as a means
of attack or defence prisoner and complain-
ant differed. He was William Campbell, a
waiter. Campbell told Magistrate Meade that
the janitress and his wife had trouble about
a baby carriage on Saturday night, and that
when he went to Mrs. Kammerer’s door to
ask ner to explain some things she had said
he was met with a cloud of pepper, whieh left
him blind for a time. Mrs. Kammerer had a
different version of the affair. She said that
she was frying chops forsupper and had pepper
in her hand when Campbell enterec He
slapped her face and was about to hit her again,
when she threw the pepper in his face

The Magistrate decided that it was necessary
to hear witnesses to clear away the diserep-
ancies in the two stories. He therefore paroled
Mrs. Kammerer until 9 o'clock this morning,

SOCIAL EVENTS AT NEWPORT,

Last Sandoy Erening With Music at the Casino
Brings Out a Large Crowd.

Newport, R. 1., Sept. 2.-To-night was the
last Sunday evening that there will be muste
at the Casino this season and as a result thera
was the largest crowd of the season present
The grill rooma were taxed to their utmost
capacity. There were several large dinnera
given during the concert, the largest being
that given by Mrs. A. Cass Canflelc Dinners
were also given to-night by Mra. Harry Payne
Whitney, Mra Ogden Mills, Mrs. Elisha Dyer,
Jr. Mre. Heber R. Bishop, Mrs. Thomas Hitch-
cock, Mra. William Woodward and Mrs. William
Gammell This afternoon a luncheon and
sailing party was given by Mrs. Cornelius
Vanderbilt, Jr, on board the steam yacht
Mirage, her guests being Mrs. Ogden Goelet,
A. De Navarro, Mr. and Mra. F. ©. Post, Mr.
and Mra J. F. D. Lanier ana Robert Goelet.

 

India Famine Relief Fand.

John Crosby Brown, 69 Wal! street, Treasurer
of the Committee of One Hundred on India

Famine Relief, reports contributions of $919.21
received on Saturday, making a totalto date of
220,416 88

PATERSON 17O RAISE THE MONE),
Citizens and Employees to Pat Up the Capital
to Keep the Rogers Works.

PATERSON, N. J, Sept 2.~-The proepect of
retaining the Rogers Tocomotive Worka as
an active concern in this city is growing brehter
Subscriptions for stock by citizens are rapid
growing and officers and emplovees of thie.
pany intend to take stock in the new conrer:
A cursory canvass shows that $100,000 can ho
subseribed by the employees The citizans
movement will easily realize another §,a0.0%
and outside capital is expected to be bro :
in to fill ont what {* lacking An eeting
be held on Wednesday evening to form
plans

George H. Longbottom, President of tha
company, who is taking an active {ntereat
the plan to keep the works, is buay on a state
ment to be submitted to the meeting showing
what improvements are necessary and the «
His contemplates an expenditure of
$268,000 in order to make the plant a first class
He claims that there would he no trouhla

in clearing $25,000 a year, which would pay the
interest on the mdértwage debt and invested
capital, The company at present can count
on $100,000 every year for extra parts of jt.
engines which break or wear out and must be
orgared from the Rowers works

he man on whom the pro! 6
Jacob 8S, Rogers, who onne h alot ere
stock and controls nearly all the remainder
He is determined to pull all his interesta ont of
the concern, but he is willing to be liberal to
the city Although between $2,000,000 and
$2,000,000 has been sunk in the plant, he acknow|-
edges that that is no criterion of ita present
value. For the first time since he made the
announcement about the closing down of uy
plant he spoke to-day aa to what terms he
would make witha citizens’ corporation

I do not want a single dollar in cash," he
said, “tain willing to part with the works.
any valuation which two appraisers will make
On the part of the buyers all I want is a bond
and mortgage for the gross sum arrived at and
a guarantee that the works will not go to amas}

 

ite

st
scheme

one

the dav after the sale. I want the burers +
have a working capital of say $500,000 to be put
in bank, Of this T do not want a cent; but |

desire it as a guarantee that I will not be bor)

ered by having the works on my hands again
I want to get rid of them and the first man who
comes along with the money or the collateral
gets the works. I do not think I could make a
fairer proposition than to sell at an appraise
met and ask for ne money,”

Mr. Rogers said he would not consider any
other kind of a proposition for a minute, He
would not lease the plant nor would he take
any stock in a new company,

HUSBAND CAUGHT SLIPPING AWAY.

Was Bound for Scotland, but Hie Wife Had
Keen Through His Pockets,

Jane Ailll of 536 East Seventeenth etreet
went through her husband's pockets last Thur-
day night. She did it thoroughly,and when
she saw a sealed envelope, with the Anchor
Line Steamship Company's crest and title
printed on it among the papera, @ train of
suspicious circumstances’ bobbed up in her
mind, Her husband had been fussing about
his clothes recently, although as @ rule he
spurned all care of them as an occupation
suited only to the feminine mind, Then she

hod heard that he was going to Califoriia
giving up his jobin the soda water manufactory
in which he worked, but hadn't believed
Now putting two and two together she replaced
the envelope in the pocket and went to [he
Yorkville police court, where she confided u
Magistrate Meade certain suspicions she bad
The Magistrate issued @ warrant for hills
arrest, and it was given to Policeman Schroeder
to serve
Schroeder and Mrs, Hill consulted the etear-
ship list and 10 o'clock on Saturday mornug
a
4

 

found beth at the Anchor Line pier
Furnessia was about to aail for Glasgow, 6
in the crowd on the pier was Hill, evident
suspecting

Go and speak to him,” Schroeder suggested
to the wife

Mrs. Hill stepped suddenly before her bie
band

‘Hello, John!” she remarked, “wont you take
me with vou?

Hill almost collapsed, but he murmured
something about his willingnegs to take jis
wife with him, Then Schroeder interfered

You'd better take another excursion
nolicerman advised, “There's a boat calied the
Raent vy Brennan which makes daily trips toa
That's a trip better suited to

island near here,
aman like you.”

Hill hadn't anything to_say. In court vee-
terday, however, he pleaded that he had not
left his wife entirely destitute, Mrs. Hill ex
Igined that the money she had found in the
fiduse was barely enough for her in her coming
illness, and that she would have nina ve
sad plight had she not nipped her hushards
abandonment seheme in the bud, The Mae
ixtrate ordered him to give a bond to pay Lis
wife $4 a week. In detault he was sent to the
Island

  
   

 

Dates and Places of Meets for Fox Hunting 's
Newport,

Newport, R. I, Sept. 2-—The following
dates and places have been arranged for Ue
meeting of the Monmouth country hounds
under Mr. P. F. Collier, master of fox houn:
during the present month: Wednesday, Sep!
§, Southwick’s Grove, 6 P. M.; Saturday, Sept
&, Vanderbilt Farm, 5 P. M.; Monday, %
10, Coddington Point, 5 P. M.. Wednesday,
Sept, 12, Ocean Drive, Bateman’s Point. 5
}P. M.; Saturday, Sept. 15, Southwick’s Grove

fa,

 

 

 
 
 

& P.M: Monday, Sept. 17, Quaker Hill, 4
P. M: Wednesday, Sept. 19, Bryer Tarn
P. M.: Saturday, Sept. 22, Sandy Point Far
5 P. M: Monday, Sept. 24, Ta ,
5 P.M. Wednesday, Sept. 26, Siate Hill, 6%
M.. Saturday, Sept. 29, Mile Corner, 5 P.M

 

SNAP

A STRONG, simple hook and eye.

without stretching over,

waists closed at the shoulder, and at under arm seams.

HOOK
& EYE

Easily fastened
Ideal for plackets; also for
The

only fastener that is absolutely reliable and gives a flat effect.

Closed by a Touch.

Opened by a Pull.

‘*THE SNAP DOES IT.”

If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cents for a sample card
Say whether white or black.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO., 377 Broadway, N. Y. City.