mck THE SUPREME COURT.

THREAT OF THE BRYAN-

vad ,
ABIDIS” ED DEMOCRACY.

of 1806 Also Specifically
arty to Be as Vital Now
by That

o Free Riot Plank

peciared DF the P

Theo and Vietorr Woo
Pe ty Would Make the Menace Imminent,
whieh the Brvanized Demoe-
Lig og the Bupreme Court of the
or at ne of the anblecte whieh the

iucnera at the National Head-
‘ Vlad y avenue, intend to keep in
tera as the campaign progresses
nt was put out giving the
on the highest tribunal

+ was made in the Chicago
A eoeated in the Democratic
ionred in duly at Kansas City, It

» President elected on Nov,
appointment of at least one
sypreme Court and perhaps he
or four to appoint, Every
the war except Johnaon has
r roore Justices, and Harrison
if It is possible also for Con-

 

 

err’ t ease the membership of the court,
re in were elected to the Presidency, and
ar House Representatives should be in
. nathy m. and his followers should
vi dep a mavority in the Senate, the grave
peed ‘v has been pointed out, there
= be nothing to prevent the packing of

 

the Supreme Bench with men who would use
; wer to put into effect the radical

   

its vast f :
acheme of the Chicago and Kansas City Popo-
crates. The danger of this Is recognized by
lawyers and jurists throughout the country,
and many of them have appealed to the Re-
publican National Committee to make It plain
to the voters, in order that they may realize
that the threat of a depreciated currency and
 polloy ¢ aouttle are not the only menaces
ts the Bryan programme The plank in the
Chicago platform attacking the Judiciary was
wf lows

‘We denounce arbitrary interference by
Federal rities in local affairs as & Vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States
and a crime against free institutions, and we
especially obJect to government by injunction

wanew and hixhly dangerous form of op-
on by Ww ) Federal

judges, in con-
°

 

 

 

  
 

 
  
 

pee oe the laws of the States and rights of
aiisens 6 at once legisiators, Judges
; { exe r ind we approve the bill
ae amed ist session of the United States
Keaate n ending in the House, relative
aye? Federal courts, and providing
{ ria era cases: of contempt,
~ “Th “ t leit In the revenus
, t for t é “nt by the Supreme ¢ ourt
of @ law f ed t a Democratic Congress

etr ce of the rm decisions
f that r nearly ndred years

t rt having sust Constitutiona

lee st t enactment which had been
‘ erruied by ¢ wisest Judwes who ever sat
pot it We declare that it ts the
dnty of gress to use all the Constitutional
power « } remains after that decision,
MR WHICH MAY COME FROM Its) RE-
TERSAL BY THE COURT. AS IT MAY
HEREAFTER BE CONSTEPUTED, so that the
hurde f taxation may. be equally and im-
partia ‘id. tothe end that wealth may bear
Ite d portion of the expenses of the Gov-
er

nal Convention was
nated Bryan, it adopted

Wher the Populist Natl
held in 1806, and t

rae of the courts in as-
na for indirect con-
inetion should be. pre-
their platfrom of 1900 de-
indorse the principles
mocratic platform adopted
f ism, the document re-
é through the sympathy of
wd thelr dupes with a band of
lawless persons who, in 1894, availed themselves
of the opportunity offered by a great strike
to organize a riotous mob which terrorized the
Jaw-abiding citizens of Chicago and the travel-
lers on railway lines running into that city

 

the Bryanites

    

 

    

Men who desired to work were prevented
from doing so by violence. The moving of
allway trains from Chicago became impossi-
ae, Two roads which re in the hands of
receivers appointed by ed States courts
{n auita regularly and x rly brought were
among those affected, and all of them by act
of Congress were t roads Several of them
by appeal acts of Cougress were required to
corry troops and war tnaterial for the Govern-
ment They were

also engaged in commerce
between the States The fited States mails
were stopped by the mob and a vast quantity
of merchandise bound from one State to another
d from reaching its destination
rs were unable to carry out the de-
crecs of the courts appointing them.

The laws of the Unfted States were opposed
and their execution obstructed by a combina-
tion too powerful to be suppressed by ordi-
pary judicial proceedings or by the powers
vested in the United States Marshal

Under these circumstances the United States
commenced an action in the Cireult Court
for tae Northern district of Illinois to enjoin
interference with the action of the receivers

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

with the course of commerce between the
tates or with the United States mails, An
njunction was issued, and certain persons
aving violated it, they were found guilty
of contempt of court and sentenced. Gaim
fog that the action of the Court was improper,
they sued out a writ of habeas corpus in the
United States Supreme Court, which, after

ment and due deliberation, unanimously
derided that the injunetion was lawfully and
Properiy issue and that the sentence for con-

d proper (158 | nited States
among other things
in this case alleged special
e exercise of all the powers
1 to question. The
vast interests involved
ty of Chicago and the State
he States, and the general

Atul at

   

 

   

f th

 

pl
Bs

 

conttis into w

loch the interstate commerce
of the country was thrown: the forcible inter.
fere with that commeree; the attempted
@tercise by ine fuals of powers belonging
only to government, and the threatened con-
tihuanee of such invasions of public right,
present i a condition of affairs which called
for the

  

least exercise of all the powers of the
» was a special exigency
nanded that the court should do
uido, it was disclosed by thia
t turn to the public history
ich only reaffirms with clearest
- allbycations "
tine President Cleveland, pur-
t Congress, issued his proclamation
i disperse, and sent troops
‘the laws of the United
f its courts and to ine
mails and the freedom
+ States
on to state, were
* Bryanized. Demoec-
tiake its assault on the
indthe Inferior Federal courts.
and of the President
local affairs of any
| nent by the Federal
» Federal laws and obligations
‘would have been set at naught.
yevercise of new or extraordinary
he Federal courts, but the
imon power inherent
fore the adoption of
4 ng the powers ex-
to Congress by the Conatitu-
section S) are the regulations
h foreign nations and among

 

 

! wl

 

goes

   

rierence t

r r enforcer

  

oper exer
nh Oourta ¢
the Cor toth
Premaly wranted
Yon (Article I
of commerce wit
Whe sever,

       

 

 
 
 
 

best fh; : vat ites, and the establishment of
Weatior a by 1 post roads. No one has ever
ho el ‘ty of the Federal au-
deiner postal matters The power over

Mmeros between the States was evidently

Gremed an
tang 1 and is ne

essary to prevent any State
« With or discriminating against

 

fercourse originating in or directed
after the oe of the
Coner proceeded to carry

efeet and in 178@ organized
and established Circuit
Courts with substantially the
Ky this act the power to
's by fine and imprisonment

nf the court was eX preasly

POtexpressivy recognized the
Sule injunctions, a power

 

irts to

rders
woessary

nat

punish offenders
or contempt of
to their very ex
ire of the case this
shared with any other
> Abuse it that abuse,
icial power, may
hinent Any attack
A tack upon the inde
idieiar 4 court, in en-
t rders by pro-eedings
ecuring to suitors the
adjudged them entitled
hh eases to be effectual

i mar
t » ther

rt of

 

 

selves. The
the executive
' Therefore the
1 Se tnakes the President
Chiefof the army and navy
e States when called
ted States, and im-
enforcing the liws

‘ed by Conwrese as early
ted that ‘whenever the

es Tites shall be opposed,
eof obstructed, in any
powerful to be
ur f judicial
powers vested in the
tmay eall out the armed
This act was amended

% and in i861. The Presi-

Werleas

 

rv ¢

 

   

  

in accordance with this act
office when he sent troops to

dent was acti
and his oath a
Chicago in 1894."
Of the Bryan programme the docu
“The supporters of Bryan condemn hie action.
They condemn tim for not violating his oath,
for enforcing the laws, for forwarding the
malls, for not submitting to mob rule. If they
ate sustained, all orderly government ia at an
end and in its place is installed anarchy, under
which the weak become the aport of the rich
and powerful
The state of affairs above described ja not
overned by the following provisions of the
onetitution (Article LV), section 4), to whieh
| reference is so often made by Bryan and his
aupporters
‘The United States shall euarantee to every
} State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment, and shall protect each of them against
invasion, and upon application of the Cegis-
lature, or of the executive (when the Legis-
lature cannot be convened) against domestic
Violence
“This provision, as appears by Ita terms,
relates to an attack upon or interference with
a State government or obstruction of State
laws, and has no reference to interference
with the United States Government or ob-
struction of Federal laws, In the latter case
the President nets of hia own motion and with-
out the necessicy of consulting any State au-
thority.
“The Chieago
Supreme Court
ing an income

ent saye:

 

Convention condemns the
for declaring the law levy-

tax uneonstitutional, The
court does not declare an tneome tax un-
constitutional, but only the method = pre-
acribed in that law for raising one.

“If the present constitutional provision is
not wise, the remedy is by amendment of that
instrument, not by an assault upon the court;
yet the Democratic Convention, referring to
the decision, appeals to power ‘which may
come from Its reversal by the court as itmay
hereafter be constituted.’ If this means any-
tuing, it is a threat to pack the oourt, in case
of Bryan's election, by the addition of Judges
pegged to reverse the decision

“Thus, for the first time in the history of the
country, a national convention of any party
threatened to pack the Supreme Court and
condemned a President for enforcing the lawa,

“The danger involved is greater and more
insidious than that confronting the Republic
in 1861; more insidious, because then the Grigg
on Sumter was an object lesson visible to all,
now argument is needed to arouse the people
more dangerous because then the division of
the Union was threatened, but each part would
have been governed by law; now the founda-
tions of all orderly government are assailed
and anarchy awaits “

CONGRESS FIGHTS IN TEXAS.

 

Mayor Jones of Galveston to Ran on the Re-
publican Ticket—Other Contests.

Houston, Tex., Sept. 2.—The Democrats
are not to have smooth salling in the Tenth
Congress district, even though Mr. Hawley
is not going to run again. The Republican
candidate will be Mayor Walter C. Jones of
Galveston, who was formerly a power in the
Democratic fold. Then the Populists have
put out a strong candidate, C. K. Walter of
Gonzales, the home of Burgess, the Democratio
candidate. Walter has a large personal fol-
lowing. Even Mr. King, the chairman of the
Democratic Executive Committee, admits that
Walter is a strong man on the stump. Four
rears euro Walter and Burgess took the stump
th joint debate for their respective parties
in Gonzales county and the county went for
the Populista by 600 majority. Two years
ago Mr. Burgess declined to aid in the success
of the Populists and Walter had to go on the
stump by himself, and he again landed the
county in the Populist column, Walter will
soon take the stump and says that he will go
after both the old parties in shotgun style,

Mayor Jones and the Republicans are keeping
quiet, waiting for the return of Mr Hawley
who is in Washington at present, but who is
nevertheless at work in Texas by mall and
wire

teports from the Eleven th and Twelfth dis-
tricts are also to the effect that the Democrats
are badly scared there, and are going to put up
the hardest fight they ever made to keep the
Kepublicans from scoring. Democratic State
Chairman Wells has established his headquar-
ters at San Antonio and will do all he can for
the Eleventh and Twelfth districts, while Joe
Bailey and other on «uns of the Democrats
will be sent into the Tenth district to work with
their coats off.

 

DEPARTMENT STORE OCTOPUS.

 

Sample Political Literature From the Creker-
Maurphy-Sheviin Headquarters.

Among the campaign literature which dec
orates the tables at the headquarters of the
Croker-Murphy-Shevlin faction of the Demo-
cratic party in Room 309 at the Holland House
are anumber of pamphlets entitled ‘Darkest
America,’ issued by the Anti-Department Store
Association, which are directed against depart-
ment stores. Richard Croker, in a recent inter-
view, pointed out the dangerous oharacter of
department stores.,and asked what would be the
result if those in New York should combine {nto
atrust similar tn character to the Ice Trust.
The pamphlet, “Darkest America,’’ oontains
many hitherto unoollected remarks against de-

partment stores. Here, for example, is an ex-
tract:

Department stores is the Mother of Sweat
Shops,

Department stores is the Father of Multopoly.
Department stores is the Daddy and Mammy
of Trusts.
They do seem very good in thelr way,
As did the Cireus Clown to his Master say,
But it's a D-—— bad way~anywa
Here is anextractfrom a page which bears
the title “The Octopussian:"
A city thrives and lives, or strives and dies on
the number of {ta Merchant store keepers, the
reatest number is for its greatest good—the
‘ustomer Shoppers are not in. the question,
they were always accommodated—a great City
{s in ita size, not congested value, like Philada
is to-day~ 30 blocks of Business by 6 firms &
9.000 Blocks of Idleness, Desolation of 30,000
down trodden (by wornan) Tradesmen, She's
makin a Beautiful Oasis. Teddy says ‘give ‘em
| H-l! boys.” —VoLonTes
Not only were the stores attacked {n prose,
but in verse. Here is asample of the verse;

Department Stores have cum to stay
how long the Devil only knows,

His scepire's the one dear woman doth eway,
And wield 1 Tradesman sich biows.

If they really such good things, be,
Let's push ‘em along ~60—all

But make ‘em pay Taxes like all 60
An push ‘em, push ‘em to the wall

 

The Moral Law ts against sich stores,
As the ladies we love, all know

Sich Bad Principles, Humanity !gnores,
That we our abhorrence show.

Some startling announcements are made on
another page, Here are afew of them. The
statue of William Penn on top of Philadelphia's
City Hall speaks

Only big ones bust, Balloons, RatlrRoads & Depart
ment Stores .

Dyna—mite mite be mitier than Mt LTOPOLY—

The,fewer Bosses the more serfs in America —Charity
{fs to give only what you need :

| I look down on Depart alors can't helpt it, in my
h position, above all men. is
They yore aceia d unlawful in New York in ‘95 by

Supreme Court--the US.
ws Sor. Black's Civil Service Bill. That our Grand-
shoes, he said it

daddies never so intend’d ‘em.
In my day 4 Hatter would not soll
was beastly not manly nec now
They make me weary ig Babies — ;
It's enuf to make a Pig sick—& I don't feel well

myself.
Here is another verse, which closes the
pamphlet:
ly is woman's foolish crase, temptation,
Nor 8 Damnation, the old man’s ruination--chaos
Let College Scientists cuss and discuss something
useful now.

DEMOCRATS DIDN'T TURN OUT,

Lack of Enthostasm in Indiana at the Rallies
to Open the Campaign.

INDIANAPOLIS, Sept, 2.--The Democratio
managers are very much disappointed over
the district meetings which were held through-
out the State yesterday, and which marked
the formal opening of the campaign. As
a rule the meetings were slimly attended and
there was a lack of that enthusiasm which

marked similar gatherings four years ago
and which the managers were confidently
counting upon inthe present campaign | Some
of the fant speakers in the State and some
from other States were announced as draw-

ting cards, but with the exception of South
Bend, where Mr. Bryan spoke, the crowds were
disappointing and the greetings given the
speakers wanting in enthusiasm
The party leaders confess that there is
apathy in the ranks and that the Campaign

in those elements of interest

will be wanting
which

which it possessed four years ago, and
brought a large attendance to all meetings
regardieas of the reputation of the speaker.
As an example of the want of interest, Con-
gressman Lentz of Ohio spoke at two meetings
veaterday, and, though widely advertised, both
of the gatherings were small. The meeting
addressed by Jobn W Kern, candidate for
Governor, was also slimly attended.

 

SUN"' ‘AS A REAL
ADVERTISING

and News medium will better meet your re-
quirements than any other publication, reach-
ing as it does people who have money for in-
vestment, and supplying each day all the news
available of interest to those interested in the
Realty Market.— Adv,

“THE ESTATE

   

        

GUM SHOE BILL 0}
NEGRO THOUSANDS IMPORTED
INTO RKRENTUCKY TO VOTER.

Come, Masbe, From North Carolina, Where
They Can't Vote—Hat He Is After Them,
Bir, and He Will Also Rescue Hilmois, Lndl-
ana and West Virginia From Corraption,

Ex-Governor William J. Stone of Missourl, the
vice-chairman of the Democratic National
Committee, who ia to be in charge of the head-
quartera which the committee will open in this
city as soon as they can make up their minds
whether to offend the Croker-Murphy-Shevlin
combine or the bill-Coler faction of the party
in this State, announced yesterday that he
was in possession of information which led
him to believe that the Republican campaign-
ers contemplated most serious outrages in
West Virginia and Kentucky at the fall eleo-
tion Mr. Stone spends a great deal of time
hunting for important information, and hoe

has been called Gum Shoe Bill by no less a Bry-
anite than John P. Altgeld

Mr. Stone said yesterday that he had been
informed by a distinguished member of the
United States Senate, whose name he waa not
at liberty to mention, that the Republicans
intended to colonize West Virginlaand Kentucky
with negroes and to vote them this fall in order
to carry those States for the Republican ticket.

“My informant,” said Mr. Stone, who was
cooling off at Manhattan Beach, “says that
at least 3,000 negroes have been sent to Kene-
tucky already. He saw sone of them on a
railroad train and there can be no doubt of the
perpete for which they were going to the State.
hey were imported, I am told, under the
guise of laborers on the railroads in Ken-
tucky. The plan its to keep them there
at works unt election day and then
to vote them. It is the purpose of the man-
agers of this enterprise to plant enough col-
ored men in Kentucky and West Virginia to
make it impossible for us to carry those States.
They will be sent to the States {n small par-
tles, so that attention will not be attracted to
them, and they will be kept at work at legltt-
mate occupations until election day, when they
will vote. Then they will go home. The gen-
tlernan who sends this information to me saw
a party of the negroes in Washington. We
will look into this matter. Four ,yeare ago
the Democratic national ticket recelved legal
majorities in Indiana, [linols and Kentucky,
but it was robbed of the electoral votes of these
States by the Republicans, who stuffed the
ballot boxes, intimidated the voters and caused
the ballota to be counted as theypleased. We
shall be prepared to prevent a repetition 7
thisin November, We will not be robbed o
our victory

“The headquarters which we shall eatab-
lish in New York thia week will cover the New

 

or

England States, New York, Maryland, West
Virginia and Delaware. We have learned

that the Republicans are raising a great cor-
ruption fund, and intend to debauch the elec-
tors wherever {it is possinle. They are col-
lecting money in all parta of the country, and
it will be used freely from now until election
day, We must fight this as best wecan) The
Democracy has no rich corporations to ald
{t. But we will werk.”

Mr. Stone said that his committee had not
reached any decision as to where {ft would
open headquarters, but that it would decide
to-morrow or on Wednesday. He added
that the National Committee was not taking
any interest in either side of the factional row
here, and that he was convinced that all Demo-
crate would support the national ticket.

LETTER TO HA A AND JONES

 

  

Urging Them to Discountenance Raising Cam-
paign Fands From Officeholders,

The National Civil Service Reform Asso-
dation through a special committee com-
posed of Charles J. Bonaparte, William Dudley
Foulke and H. A. Richmond has sent a dupli-
cate letter to Chairman Jones of the Demo-
cratio National Committee and Chairman
Hanna of the Republican National Committee
asking them to aid it in preventing the levying
of assessments for political purposes on Gov-
eroment employees in the present campaign
The letter quotes the law which prohibits offi-
cials of the Government from soliciting con-
tributions from employees and prohibiting
all soliciting of funds in a room or building
occupied in the discharge of official business
by the Government. Thenit says:

“In fact, any officer or employee of the United
Btates asked to give an assessment or con
tribution for political purposes directly or
indirectly to a committee of which a Senator
of the United States is chairman is solicited
to commit a crime.

“We cannot question the desire of both Sena-
tor Jones and yourself to secure obedience to
this law on the part of all who are required
to respect and enforce it; but it is, neverthe-
less, true that in previous campaigns attempts
have been repeatedly made to evade its salu-
tary provisions; indeed, alleged offences of this
nature are even now the subject of official in-
quiry by the law officers of the Government.
It isin nowise our purpose, however, to confine
what we now say to assessments on Federal
officeholders or to acts made unlawful by partic-
ular statutes. We believe that in a free
country the collection of such enforced contri
butions from public servants of any grade or
kind, whether Federal, State or municipal
who may make them through fear lest ret usal
be followed by injurious consequences to them-
selves and their families, is a grave scandal;
we have no douht that such is the belief of hon-
orable and patriotic men, whateyer their poli-
tics or party, throughout the Union, and we
request you, as a good citizen, to Join with
us in a protest against these wrongs

“We ask from you, therefore, a public dece
laration that you recognize the right of every
man, whether in public or private employ, to
the wages of his labor without such molesta-
tion and that, so far as may be in your power,
you Wil see that no one suffers because of re-
fusal to comply with any demand for contri-
butions made professedly on behalf of your
committee or of the great party which you
represent.”

BISHOP GRANT FOR M'KINLEY

 

 

Negro Leader Says His Race Should Suppert
Republicans—Hitshop Tarner's Stand.

QGranpd Raptps, Mich , Sept. 2.—Bishop Grant,
who ts attending the annual session of the
African Methodist Church here, is not a Bryan

man in this campaign

“This is no time for a change in the Admin-
{atration,” he said to-day. “I shall not vote
for Bryan nor advise my race to vote for him,
but on the contrary [ shall vote for McKinley
With the problems now confronting the nation
and the following complications we cannot
afford to make any change"

In regard to Bishop Turner, who, it is said,
will goon the stump for Bryan, Bishop Grant
says Turner has become very much incensed
at the race riots and the failure of the Ad-
ministration to protect the race. The Bryan
forces, he says, may have promised, in the
event of success, to call out the Federal troops
to prevent the Iynchings, and such promises
might make many colored people go over to
the Bryan side: but Bishop Grant says that
while “vigorous steps are being taken
he remembers that all the legislation for the
colored race has been enacted by the Repub-
leans, and be has much moré confidence in
the party with that record than the party that
controls North Carolina and other Southern
States.

TILLMAN ON SOUTH CAROLINA'S VOTE,

 

 

He Says That the Palmetto State Is True to the
Dispensary System.

Cotesia, 8. C., Sept. 2.—Senator Tillman
made a statement to-day in regard to the
scratching of his name {in the recent primary
and the vote for dispensary candidates for
Governor, He said

“T have always believed the dispensary had
the support of two-thirds of the people, and
this election shows it. Hoyt got several tho -
sand more than the anti-dispensary vote be-
cause of his being an old Confederate soldier.
In the final race between him and Gov, MeSwee-
ney nex: week the frie ds of the dispensary
willnot becaught nappin

“I have made a careful study of the returns
and do not think 2,900 of those who scratched
me were influenced by religious sentiment,
despit? the strenuous efforts to array the re-
ligious people against me The seratehing
came from my old political antagonists of ‘fe
and ‘#2. Many of my friends who voted for
wrohibition will resent this seratching in the
MeSweenery-Hoyt primary next week,"

The Tiger in Sheep's Clothing.

The Greater New York Association of Anti-
Imperialist Clubs (Tam. ) will hold sixty Assem-
bly district mass meetings in New York city dur-
ing the campaign, beginning on Sept. 13 On
that night meetings will be held in the First and
Th reeenth districts of New York county, one in
Richmond, one in | Queens, one in
Ruffolk and one in Kings After that
there will be a mass meeting every night some.
wherein the city until the series is finished.
Then there will be a general moss meeting in
Carnegie Hall. All the meetings will be called
Liberty meetings, andthis programme will be
carried out
Patriotic Airs eens Band.
Reading the Declaration of Independences

“The Star Spangled Banner.”
Speeches on Imperialism
eee’ Por Liberty.”

Song

THE SUN,
A TRAIL

SSS sss sss

MONDAY,

   
   

0. H. PP. RELMO FOR THE ORIENT,

Engels Hold Out Welcoming Hands to Their
Candidate for Congress,

The announcement that O. H. P. Belmont
was alated for the Tammany nomination for
Congress in the Ninth district seems to have
reached the Fast Side in an authoritative shape
veaterday. ‘Thera had been talk about it out-
alde of the district, but In the district up to
yesterday the contest for. the nomination was
commonly supposed to lie among Congress.
man Thomas J. Bradley and ex-Coneressman
Timothy J. Campbell, ex-Civil Justice Henry
M. Cioldfogle, blyman Lem Sanders
and the Hon. Martin Engel The district eme
braces all of the Eighth, Twelfth and Fourth
Assembly districts and parts of the Second,
Sixth, Tenth and Fourteenth Mr. Belmont
does not reside in the district

About the only place in the district where
his proposed nomination was productive yes.
terday of unbounded enthusiasm was in and
around the headquarters of the Martin Engel

Association of De Ate Although Engel is
an avowed candidate, hia friends declared
yesterday that he would gladly retire if by so
doing he could add anything to the prestige
of his organization. At a meeting of the swell
get yesterday afternoon, Rosey the Lawyer,
President of the kssex Market Bar Association,
baid

“Gentlemen, of course you have heard of
the proposition to send Mr Belmont to Con-
gress from this district It is a grand, wlori-
ous idea. You all remember how in is0s we
wanted the nomination from this distriet to
go to William Astor Chanler. That was
the year that everybody was talking about
our great ball Our social ambitions were

Asser

checked then because Chanler picked out
another district. We have everything now
to complete our success except financial pres
tige "

Will he standt. for a touch?” asked Charlie
Wagner the Grand street dry goods man

“You are beg ing the question and are out
of order,” said Rosey sternly. “Vasa he a ail-
fer man?” shouted Gas Works Meyers

“Silver and gold, too,” said Rosey. Now,
entlemen, I tell you, that with Belmont to shout
or, we wont be going all around the district
as we did last election preaching Democracy
from the ends of old trucks and with three-
vece bands, [tell you, will have have Sousa's
Jand and automobiles and when we go to
Washington to the inauguration of Bryan we ll
go in overcoats

“Do ve vait undil March ter got dose over-
goats?” shouted Gas Works Myers, jumping
from his seat,

‘You get the overcoats before election; that
ja the policy of this organization,” answered
Rosey

“I move,” said Joe Cohen, President of the
Allen Street Literary Club, “that we send a
committee right away to waiton Belmont.”
Vaiton him for what?” asked Rosey,

“Just to let him know that we are with him,”
replied Cohen

“You will be with him all right when the
time comes,” replied Rosey, “but vou are not
on the Executive Committee which attends
to all that, Your time will come later, when
we get through

The leading members of the other Tammany
Hall organizations {n the Congressional dis-
trict were somewhat reticent about the poe
yosed nomination of Belmont. All of them
vad heard of the proposition and they gen-
erously said that if Croker desired Belmont's

 

 

  

nomination they would not object, because
they could not afford to.
ROOSEVELT IN CHICAGO.

 

He and Bryan Practically at the Same Hotel
~To Go to the Labor Day Piente Together.
CHicaco, Sept. 2.—Gov. Roosevelt and

William J. Bryan both arrived tn the city this

afternoon and are stopping practically under

the same roof, Roosevelt being at the Audito-
rium Annex and Bryan being at the Audito-
rium. Gov. Roosevelt was met at the train
by Henry C. Payne and Graeme Stuart and
taken directly to the hotel. There a committee
representing the Building Trades Council
ealled on hiin tp his room, They assured him

    

 

of } weleome, and informed him of the ar-
rangementsa of Labor Day, after which they
departed. Others who called on, Roosevelt
soon after his arrival were _R, C. Kerens, Na-
tional Committeeman from Missouri, and W, F.

Cody, “Buffalo Bill,”

Gov. Roosevelt refused to discuss politica,
saying that he has none to say at present
aside froin what he says In his speeches and
nothing to explain as to what he has already
said. His stay in Chicago will be brief After
making his Labor Day speech in Chicago he
will hurry back, leaving the city at 5:30 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon. In order to enable him
to cateh the train the committee has placed him
first on the list of the speakers following Mayor
Harrison

No demonstration other than that which Is
spontaneous will be accorded to Gov. Roosevelt
on account of the non-partisan character of the
labor organizations’ picnic. Plans have been
on foot to furnish him with an eacort to the
park where the picnic isto be held, but these
lane have been frowned upon by both Graeme
Biuert andGov. Koosevelt himself, eo itis not
likely that they will be carried out,

The arrival of Bryan was as unostentatious
as that of Roosevelt, Soon after he reached
town he went into consultation with Chair-
man Jones, Secretary Walsh and J. J, Johuson
of the National Democratic Committee and
Congressman J, J. Lentz of Ohio,who happened
to be in the hotel when Bryan arrived The
entire afternoon was spent in consultation;
in the evening Bryan went to church

Mr. Bryan was also reticent about talkin
politics, He sald at the outset that he hac
nothing to give out and thereafter parried
all questions,

Mr. Bryan and Gov. Roosevelt will review
the parade to-morrow from the same stand
and will be escorted together to the park

TO ORGANIZE GOLD DEMOCRATS,

Secretary Frenzel Wit! Rally Those That Live
in Indiana~Plan of Campaign.

INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 2--John P. Frenzel,
Secretary of the National Gold Standard Demo-
cratic Committee, will begin the organization
of the Gold Democrats of this State this week
and expects to have an excellent organization
by the latter part of the month. Since the
meeting of the committee here and the decision
not to nominate national candidates the work
of orgar t, with
the exception that the names of the Gold Demo-
erats of the several counties have been secured

ration has been allowed to res

 

 

SEPTEMBER 3, 1900.

with the view to supplying them with liter-
ature and enabling them to keep in touch }
with the position of the Gold) Detnocrats
throughout the country Mr. Frenzel now
purposes to enter upon the work of forming
gold standard clubs in the larger cities of the
State and through these literature will
be = disseminated The list of Democrats
who refused to support Bryan in 1806 and are
still opposed to him is said to show only a
slight decrease in any localities, while in a

few there are additions which will more than
make up the loss. It is estimated that 2,000
Democrata refused to support free silver in
1896 and it is believed that fully this number
will not vote for Bryan this year

All the reports, however, have not been
received from the counties and those to come
in may make some difference on the estimate,

TWENTY-SEVENTH SENATE DISTRICT.

 

 

 

Democrats Not Likely to Indorse Gardiner,
the Independent Republican,

AcHOHARIE, N. Y., Sept. 2.—-Schoharie county
Democrats have not and probably will not
indorse the Hon. F. Watson Gardiner of Am-
sterdam, the independent Republican nom-
ines for State Senator of the Twenty-seventh
district. It is expected that Schoharie county
will furnish a Democratic candidate for Senator
in the person of Arthur D. Meade, one of the
prominent Democrats of the county. It is
intimated that the delegates from Fulton and
Hamilton counties favor the nomination of
Mr. Meade, which will assure him the nomina-
tion. Leading Demoerata from Montgomery
connty have been in Schoharie county wit
a view of urging the candidacy of Mr. Gardi-
ner, and not meeting with sucoceas they are
laboring with the delewates in Fulton and Ham-
ilton counties. Judge Borst of Amsterdam,
the State Committeeman of the district, is
suspected of being opposed to Gardiner's in-
dorsement. Mr. Gardiner, it Is said, will not
run as the independent Republican nominee
tinleas indorsed by the Democrats The Dem-
oeratic Senatorial convention will be called
this week, probably at Middieburgh in this

county.

HANNA LEAVES ON WEDNESDAY,
The Obio Senator's Last Sanday at Long
Branch a Qalet One,

TonG Brancn, NJ.,Sept.2. Senator Hanna‘s
last Sunday in Long Branch was a quiet one.
He received very few calls at his summer home
on Ocean avenue at Elberon and these had no
politt al significance, Senator Hanna and his
amily will leave on Wednesday for Cleveland
On Thursday Franklin Murphy, chairman of the
Republican State Committee of New Jersey,
in whose cottage the Ohio Senator has been
spending the surumer, will come here with his
family for a short stay.

 

 

Most Successful Transactions

have been brought about through Tuk Sun's
Real Fetate columns Boththe dealer and the
reader may be depended on, a factor not to be
lost sight of.~a'"

      

JEALOUSY EATS THE ANTIS,
TEA LEOTE Anata Te Pha

After Candidates for President and Vice-Pres-
ident of the United States Are Nominated
on Wednesday a Sub-Committee on Equal
Rights to Pablicity Will Be tn Order,

When the Plaza Twenty-seven assemble in

Carnegie Hall on Wednesday to nominate for

President and Vice. President candidates who

will oppose everything that is adveented by

the Republican and Demoeratic parties it ts
expected thata sub-committee will be appointed
to investigate the efforta which have been made

 

by certain members of the organization to
appropriate the numbers belonging to other
members As is well known, the Twenty-

seven organized for the purpose of saving the
nation by having the names of its members
printed in the newspapers, Its efforta to acoom-
plish this did not meet with the success which
was expected, Some members have not got
their narnes into print more than onee., Others
have been more fortunate, and last week It
was charged that these members had formed a
ring to control the advertising privileges of
the Twenty-seven, This charge naturally cre-
Ated asensation, Number Seven, Eleven and
Number Twenty-three were the men whose
tags were apokon of when the report was circu-
lated, and it was hinted that Number Fourteen
was not guiltless of knowledge of the plot.

Number Fourteen advocates the adoption
of a plank in the platform making it obligatory
in every newspaper to print the names of the
Twenty-seven at least once daily in a con-
splcuous place, Number Twelve, on hearing
therumors of the formationofaring, announced
that if such a thing were attempted he and his
friends would secede from the Twenty-seven.
This step has not been taken yet

The new charge, that a member of the or-
ganization attempted to exchange numbers
with one whose name had been Rpblished six
times in seven weeks. is made by Number Six,
and hia story is substantiated by Number Nine.
‘The member against whom the charge {s made
is Number Three :

“I was in my office on Saturday with Nine
and Three,” said Six yesterday. “We were
there to read the morning mail I opened a
letter from a prominent society manin Sandt's
Eddy, Northampton county, Pennsylvania,
whose name I withhold from pub ication at the
present time for obvious reasons. He wrote
as follows

“LT have long suspected that Bryan wore a made
tle, and a gentleman whose home is in Mangohick,
King Wililam county, Va., whose fdentification with
the religious life of the community makes ft impossible
for me to doubt bis word, has tnformed me that he has
heard that President McKinley ts plotting to over
throw the Republic and establish himself as Dictator.
This plan, | am informed, is well known In Mango-
hick. ‘Therefore 1 can vote for nether of them TI
welcome your movementas a patriotie move in the
rightdirection, Please inform me if] will be allowed
Ww vole by proxy.

This letter gave great encouragement to us
Thanded itto Three. Then I opened one from
a weil-known saw miller of Neshoto, Manito-
woe county, Wisconsin, He wrote

“Some years ago in a public speech McKinley sald
‘The day of the wooden line of-batile shipe ts past
We should build no more of them,’ Only recently
Hryan declared that ‘Paper made of wood pulp Is less
lasting than that made of linen rags’ Under the ctr.
cumstances, What can a patriotie saw miller do? I
am with you, heart and soul, but I shall probably be
in Europe on election day

“T handed this letter to Nine, of course,"' con-

tinued Six. “I withhold the writer's name from
oeenee. at this time The third letter was
rom a prominent physician of Hoke's Bluff,
Frowah county, Alabama. He recently gradu-
ated from a well-known Utah (school of mines
and medicine, He said

“[ shall become of age on Dec. I have fora
long Ume watched the course of events with a eritical
eye You are rightin despatring of the continuation
of Republican institutions, unless your suggestions
are adopted 1 am in thorough sympathy with
you

‘This letter I laid on my desk. Its author
does not desire that publicity shall be given to
hispame. There was one other letter. It was
dated at Manila. 1 could not determine whether
it came from Manila, Philipp.ne Islands, or
Manila, Orleans county, New York, and it was
jossible, I thought, that it might come from
Manilla, Rush county, Indiana, or Manilla. Vice

9°
ee.

toria’ county, Ont. I called the attention
of Nine and Thre» to it. All of us bent
forward to @xamine the date line. In

moving thus, we were brought close together.
IT wear my tag, in the left lapel of my coat, as
you see. Three was on that side. As we
studied the letter I became aware of a hand
resting on my shoulder. It moved slowly
down, until it rested on my coat lapel. Sud-
denly it flashed upon me that an effort was
making to abstract my tag. I cried out, help!’
The hand was withdrawn. Three and Nine
both appeared to be startled. I make no
charges, but itis true that I have been mentioned
seventeen times in the public prints since this
movement started, Nine has been mentioned
eleven times. Three has been mentioned
only once. You can draw your own conclusions,
I shall certainly have the matter investigated.

Number Nine. when the story of Six waa
told to him yesterday, said that it was true,
except in some important details. ,

“Six's name has been in the panera only five
times, as a matter of fact,” eeid Nine. “My
name, on the other hand, has been printed
twenty-one times. Three has got in only once
There is, fear, some ‘jealousy on his part
Whether he attempted to exchange numbers
with Six, I do not know, but an investigation
would not be out of order. I regret the publicity
which has come to thia matter, but men en-

aged in great movements must expect such
things °

Number Three was not {nm town yesterday
At his home it was eald that he went away
hurriedly, tmmedtately after glancing through
the newspapers,

 

M'GUIRE CALLS ON RAILL,

Hill to Review the Labor Day Parade tn Troy
and Deliver an Address.

ALBANY, Sept, 2, -Mayor James K, MecGutre,
chairman of the Executive Committees of the
Democratic State Committee, called on former
Senator David B, Hill in this city to-day, and
conferred concerning the situation of the Coler
forces, Chairman McGutre was on his way
from New York to Syracuse and stopped over
in Albany for about an hour, during which
time he made a trip up to Wolfert’s Roost,
Senator Hill's beautiful suburban home,
ator Hill to-night said that Chairman MeGuire
had made a short call upon him, but further
than this declared that there was nothing to
be said, It is reported here that Chairman
McGuire admitted to friends of his while in
this city that he did not regard the outlook for
Coler as anv too bright at the present time,
As Mr’ Meteuire left Albany immediately after
his call upon fill this report could not be ver-
ified Mr, MeCuire'’s friends say that Hill
complimented McGuire and told him that Syra-
cuse was the bright spot where Croker oppo-
sition had not appeared, and could gain no
foothold if it had

Mr. Hill goes to Troy
to review the Labor Day

Sen-

to-morrow morning
vacade, and in the

 

afternoon at 2:39 o'elock, in Young's Grove,
he will make an address at the picnic of the
Trov Central Federation of Labor. Mr. Hill

declined to outline any part of his speech to-
day, but it is said that he will handle the labor
question from his standpoint and that he may
have a few things to say about polities and
voliticiana. As Troy is Fdward Murphv's
1ome, the situation Is fraught with great in-
terest, as it ja appreciated that Mr. Hill could,
if he desired, make his comments very enter-
taining.

 

 

The Chinese Empress went
about it wrong.

The way to clean out “ for-
eign devils” is to use Aver’s
Pills.

J. C. Aver Company,

Practical Chemists, Lowell, Mass

Ayer's Hair Vigor
Ayer's Cherry Pectorai
| Ayer's Comatose

Ayer's Sarsaparila
Ayer's Pills
Ayer's Ague Cure

grrr SSS SSS SSS
a —_—

. o* a.

      
 

    

 

THE

 

OPENING

Tuesday,

 

FORSYTHE WAIST.

Sept. 4.

 

_ Our New Flannel Waists.
$5 and $7,

1,000 Styles to select from.

Sizes 32 to 44,

The correct thing for Golf, House, Street, Outing, Steamer, Mountain, Travele
ling. These goods are simply unapproachable in style and quality.

MADE BY

JOHN FORSYTHE,

(Between 17th
and 14th Sts.

The Waist House,

   
  

ARKANSAS WILL VOTE TO-DAY.

 

 

State Election With Three Candidates for
Governor—Probable Result.

Litre Rock, Ark., Sept. 2.—-The election tn
this State to-morrow is for State, district, legis-
lative and county oflices. The sixteen
Senators to be elected will bold office for four
years, and consequently will have a voice in
the selection of a successor to Senator James
K. Jones two years hence. With the exception
of Missiseippi, Garland and one or two
other counties, where the regular Democratic
nominees are being opposed by independent
Democrats, there is no opposition to the Dem-
ocracy. Attorney-General Jeff Davis, the Dem-
ocratic Nominee for Governor, is the only can-
didaie on the State ticket who has opposition

His opponents are the Hon. H. I.. Remmel, |
Kepublican, of Lite Rock and the Hon. A. W.
Files, Populist. Mr. Files is one o| the moat
prominent Democratsin the State. He served
two terms as State Auditor and in 1890 was
Gov. James P. Eagle's private secretary.

It is the opinion of well-informed politicians
that a light vote will be polled in a majority of
the countias. In 1806, when the freesilver craze
swept over the State, Gov. Jones, the Demo-
cratic candidate received 91,114 votes; Remimel,
the Republican, 35,836, and Files, Populisr,
14,000. Gov, Jones's plurality was 55,278. Two
years ago Jones received 75,362 votes, H. F.
Auten, Republican, 27,624 and W. 8S. Morgan,
Populist, 8,332. Jones's plurality was 88,827

Chairman Carroll Armstrong of the Demo-
cratic State Central Committee estimates the
Davis vote to-morrow at 00,000. He gays the |
Democratic candidate will receive at least 55,- |
000 majority. The Populist vote will be very |
amall, The highest estimate placed on the vote |
for Files is 35,000

Attorney-General Davis sald this morning
that his majority will be the largest ever re-
ceived by @ Democratic Gubernatorial candi-
date in Arkansas. He says that {it will be at
least 60,000,

Several prom) pens Democrats, including ex-
Gov. William H. Fishback, have bolted Mr,
Davis and publicly declared that they would
not vote for him

When questioned to-night, Mr. Remme! said:

“*T expect to make great gains in every
county in the State, and if I get the
votes that are cast for me in east-
ern Arkansas and throvghout the black
belt am sanguine of my election. Butif the
tactics, which Taminformed have been adopted
in Monroe county in refusing to grant us Re-
pasyesa judges, is followed up to any extent
n other counties, I shallbe returned defeated
by the smallest majority given any Democratio
candidate for Governor for vears, as there are
forty-five counties in which I expect to be
treated fairl y.’’

 

 

 

TELL AILL TO STICK TO COLER.

 

Ex-Senator's Advisers Say There Mast Be No
Shifting.

Several friends of Mayor James K. McGuire of
Syracuse, whose boom for the nomination for
Governor received an anonymous typewritten
boost on Saturday, declared yesterday that he
was not responsible for the talk about him.
That he was not a candidate and that he would
not be a candidate, They said that ex-Senator
Hill bad been told by his supporters that he
must carry the fight through on Coler, and that
he must not shift, As to the statement of ex-
Senator Murphy that Mr. Coler would not have
seventy-five votes in the State convention, Mr.
Coler’s friends said that they would have 170
of the 450 delega anyway, and probably
miore. They added that they were going to
fightfor Mr, Colertothe end, anyway.

FERRYBOAT HANDS RESTORED.

Men Laid Off on the James Slip Route Pat
Back to Work.

The working forceof the Long Ieland Rallroad
Ferry, from James slip to Long Island City,
which was recently cut down from three crews
to two, has been increased again to the old
number. The men employed on both Tong
Island ferries got together recently and ap-
pointed a committee from among the
pilots, engineers and firemen to wait
upon President Baldwin and lay the case
before him. The men were bound by an under-
standing thet if the relief asked for was not
ortheoming they would go on strike. The
committee called upon President Baldwin on
Friday afternoon and explained the situation to
him. Mr. Baldwin said that the men laid off
should be nutto work again at once. He ac-
conipanied the committee to the office of the
manager of the ferries and gave the necessary
orders that resulted in the third crew being
returned to duty on Saturday morning.

MISSING NAVAL RECRUIT,

 

 

Took a Twenty-four Hours’ Furlough and Did
Not Come Back- Father Looking for Him.
William De Driso called at The Sun office

yesterday and said that he had come from

Chicago in search of his sixteen-year-old son

FE.dward De Driso. About a year ago he said,

his son left his home in Chicago and enlisted in

the navy. going aboard the training ship Al-
liance at. Newport, R.T  On June 10, he said
the vouth was transferred to the Vermont. at

the Brooklyn Navy Yard. This was the last
heardfrom him. When thefather called at the
navy yard yesterday he was informed that his
aon had received a furlough for twenty-four
hours and had not been seen since. De Driso,
Sr.. says he cannot account for his son's disap-
perance as he always gaid in his letters that
,@ waa satisfied with sea life. He is § feet 2
Fowes tall, is fair and weighs about 120 pounds.

League of Democratic Clabs.

It was an nounced yesterday at the headquar-
ters of the National League of Democratic
Clubs that over 1,000,000 Democrats in all parta
of the country had enrolled in the organizations
composing the league up to Saturday. Presi-
dent Willlam R. Hearst said that this en-
rollment would result in a big meeting
at the quadrennial convention, which
willfpe held in Indianapolis on Uct. 8 and ¢
Mr. Hearst had a consultation with Vice-Chair-
man Stone and Daniel J Cam,auof the Na-
tional Committee and Chairman Richardson of
the Congressional Campaign Committee last
week and offered to codperate with them during
the campaign.

Mayor Phelan of San Francisoo has accepted
the post of organizer on the Pacific Slope
Lewis G. Stevenson, son of the candidate for
Vice-President, ia the organizer in the middie
West. Ina few days the appointment of an
organizer in every city in the country will be
announced.

a SSS SSS SD
ee

 

“Scholastic Popaulation'' of Texas.

AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 2.3. & Kendall, State
Superiptendent of Public Instruction, has issued
a staternent of the ‘‘acholastic population’ of
Texas and State apportionmert of the aveilable
school fund for the vear ending aug. 31, 191
The total scholastic population over & and un-
der 17 vears of age ia 729.865 The total num-
ber of male children enumerated is 372,081,
of whom 289.336 are white and 8? 7% colored,
The total number of female children is 387,-
91, of whom 275.228 are white and 82,986 colored

His Bicycle Smashed Under Him.

The fork on the bicycle which James G. Sny-
der, 19 vears old, of 256 West Twenty-fourth
street was riding broke when he was near West
107th street in Central Park ‘esterday and he
pitched forward on his head. Policemen Foley
and Farrell found Sgyder unconse ous when
they reached him and an ambulance surgeon
had to be called to resuscitate the injured voung
man, He was able to walk home after a time.

NO MORE CONCISE AGGREGATION

of Real Estate News is to be found in any
medium than that printed in THe SUN each
day.—Adv.

Mall Orders Carefully Filled. Write for Samples.

| 672 tons.

| move under her

865 Broadway.

OUR EXPORTS OF COAL.
The Total Daring the Year 1900 Likely te
Reach $20,000,000 in Value,

WASHINGTON, Sept. 2... Exporta of coal from
the United States during the year 1900 are likely
to reach $20,000,000 in value, against $10,000,000
in 1896 and $6,000,000 in 1890. ‘The fleures of the
Treasury Bureau of Statistics show that the
exporta of coal from the United States during
the seven months ending with July, 1900, are
50 per cent, in excess of those during the corre-
sponding months of last year and double those of
the corresponding months of 1808. In theseven
months ending with July, 1808, the exports of
coal from the United States were 2,375,451 tons;
in the same months of 1899 they were 3,006,082
tons, and in the corresponding months of 1900
they were 4,601,755 tons, During the period
from 1890 to 1900 the exportation of coal from
the United States has quadrupled, but the
principal growth has been in the
years 1898, 1899 and 1900, While
this growth is observable in the
exports to all parts of the world, It is espec-
fally marked with reference to our exports to
the American countries, To British North
America, the exports in the seven months of
1808 were 1,758,308 tous and in the seven months
of 1900, 4,255,804 tons To Mexico the exporta
in the seven months of 1s08 were 243,938 tons,
and iu the corresponding months of 1900 415,-
844 tons. ‘To Cuba the exports have more than
doubled, being in the seven months of 1898
114,655 tons ani in the seven months of 1900
241,712 tons; while to Porto Rico the exports
increased from 2,62) tons in the seven months
of 1808 to 16,913 tons in the seven months of 1900,
Vo the Hawaiian Isiuids the exports of the
seven months of 1800 were 10,381 tons and in
the corresponding months of 1900 21,001 tons,
thus more than doubling in a single year, To
the Philippine islands the exports in the seven
months of 1808 were 4,810 tons and in the seven
months of 1900 41,065 tons, or eight times asa
much in 1900 as in Lays

The experiments with American coal which
the Furopeans have made within the last two
or three years seem to have proved successful,
as the exports to Europe, which in the seven
months of 1898 amounted to only 4,507 tons,
were in the corresponding months of 1900, 278,-
Of this 187 tons went to the United
Kingdom, 4,028 tons to Germany, 77,407 tons
to France, and 196,950 tons to other European
countries,

The following table shows the exports of
coal from the United States to the principal
countries of the world during the seven months
ending with July of 1898,and 1900

 

 
   

 

 

 

   
  

 

1898. 1900. }

Tons. Tons. '

range.. ‘ 77,407

Ret many oneeece tse 4,028
United Kingdom 2,400 187
Other Europe anes 1 2,107 196,850
British North America.. 61,688,398 8,253,405
Mexico.... evereces ce = 243,038 416,454
QUBR sisccccssvoree coe 114,655 241,712
Porto Rieo.......-. “ 2,621 15,315
Other West Indies... 144,546 188,810
Santo Domingo... 1,471 3,142
Brasil... .ccssceeceee 13,169 58,085
Colom bia tose + 8.638 10,645
Other South America. 9,773 86,144
Hawalian Islands..... ae 21,001
Philtppine Islands.......... es 4,410 41,068
Other Asia and Oceanica. e+ 24760 1,4)
Other countries. ..+...cceeerees 12,460 20,116
Totals... ccssseees Coenerseeerers 2,375,451 4,601,755

HEAVY COAL EXPORTS.

Not Less Than 100,000 Tons to Be Shipped
From Norfolk During September.

Norrouk Va,, Sept 2,—Exports of Virginia
coal from this port continue to increase iu
yolume, During September urward of 100000
tons will go abrond in about twent)-five char-
tered steamers now here and to arrive The
British steainer Strathord will shortly take
some 6,000 tons for Nagasaki, dapan, Upon
this cargo the freight will amount to about
$40.000 since the Strathord is to receive for
freight $1¢ HW aton, Another cargo will follow
for Japan, This coal is reported to be for the
use of a Japanese railway Several cargoes of
coal will go for Italian ports, several others
to the Azores for orders and several to British
West Indian ports,

The British steamers Canning and Royston
Grange sailed this week for South Africa with
eargoes of coal for the use of Lord Ronerts's
army The Canning went py way of Montreal,
the Rovston Grange pv way of New Orleans
at which ports they will take on deck horses
and mules for the British army in South Africa,
Since the Pennsylvania Railroad ac juireg
eontrol of the Norfolk and Western Rallroad
exports of coal from (he Poeahontas fleld have

reativ inereased and appearances indicate

hat coal will go out in enormous quantity
henceforth This region is ereatly benefited
py the newly awakened == industry

 

WELL UNDER THE SIDEWALK,

Was Filled tn Forty Years Ago, but Water ta
It Is Now Twenty-five Feet Deep.

Back in the ‘30s, before a water supply ayse
tem was introducedinto Hoboken, large cisterns
were aunk about the town to provide water for
fire purposes infront of the old
First Presbyterian Church which stood at the
southwest corner of Washington and Third
streets. When Washington street was’ ime
proved, some years later, well was filled
in and a sidewalk laid over it This was about
forty years ago. The well had long been for-
gotten except by a few of the old residents,,
until Saturday night when an accident brought
it back to memory

A woman was passing over the spot late in
the evening when she felt one of the flagstones
She stepped off and noticed
that the stone had sunk several inches. While
ashe was wondering what had caused the Snking,
John Bantz, of Weehawken, came along anc
stepped on the same spot. The flagstone gave
way and Bantz's right lag went down. He had
his other foot on another flagstone, which
saved him from falling into the hole. A eplash
was heard as the flagstone disappeared. By
means of burning paper thrown into thehole
it was seen that the supply of water in the well
reached within three feet of the top. The well,
is built of brick, is circular and has a diameter
of fifteen feet. The water was twenty-five feet
deep. What became of the earth with which
the well was filled when the sidewalk was laid
is a mystery

vic r

Natural Mineral Water

known for centu ‘es and
Imported

ONLY IN BOTTLES.
For Disordered Stomach
and Indigestion.

Its value has been testified
to by thousands.

One was built

the

 

 

 
    
 

ao

So-called Vichy in Syphons
; 1S NOT VICHY.
meee Cet the Genuine.
pend It

220 H'way N, ¥.

 

qeneral Agency