Sena

\
'
‘

4

<3. eee

te

. a

ae

; ¢
1
{
mf
P|
*
hh

es

ere

SS
Se,

see
ee

>"

eee

eee ‘
; ootens
Fer ten Sots a ee

ey
nue

<a
“

DS aR cs eters 3
ina ee ae aa CEE

     
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
      
 
    
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
  
    
  
 
 
  

,

 

   

!;

ON TREE Ae
it TORE

pew

es

gt rere a aa
. Ps —

nati
=

Se eR ER I I I
—
a reer eae!

~ wallowing morphine
Ee

types

eT many

KILLING OF JIM KERRIGAN,

PERHAPS HIS FRIEND, BUT MAYBE
JUST HEAT AND LIQUOR DID iT,

 

 

Jim Morrison and Kerrigas Drank All Day ta
Pleasant Valley,”’ Where the Freight Cars
Lie, and Morrison Hit Him Before He Died

Saw Death io His Face Theo and Filed

Jim Berrigan, freight hustler, died suddenly
{pn the New York Central yard at Eleventh
avenue and Thirtieth street yesterday after-
noon. The police call the place “Pleasant
Valley” because of many dreary and violent
things that have happened there, The death
of Kerrigan was not of the sort that will change
{te reputation. A preliminary circumstance
was that Jim Morrison had hit Kerrigan in the
face, and a subsequent circumstance was that
as soon as Morrison found that Kerrigan was
dead he went away hurriedly and has since
avoided the police, who write him down @

murderer,

Morrison, like Kerrigan, was @ fretght hand-
ler. They received on Saturday the money
they had earned during the week, On Satur-
day night they spent much of it. They spent
{t in one another's company all the way from
Twenty-third street to Thirty-fourth street
{n Tenth and Eleventh avenues, As the night
went on they clung together on the street cor-

ear

d dared verse to meet
them bm real oom bat 2st the morning
or @ while Ln the

they slept back room of Blu
Buly’s. a ey slept with their chairs tlte
back against the wall eide by side and with
their heads nestled together until Blue Billy
came in to take charge for the Sunday trade
and put them out. After that they determined

eep out of the places of such persons and
obtained such refreshment as Sey needed at
side doors, in Bhorrmeon © Speer pail, which the
carried to the shade of the flat care on the sou
aide of the y ard for the discussion of ite contents
Pleasant talley {s & quiet piace on Sunday,
and there are few trains moving. From the
fire eaca and the roof and the frout door
steps of the Pleasant Valley tenementa to which
‘Shit Byrnes used to go when he wanted to
fipa Duteh mer or any of the big burglars
of twenty yeare ago, tie populace regard
Morrison with wild amusement ming with
envy, The brakemen on the few, cara that
were being shifted about the yard called to
them pow and then, and Kerrigan end Morrison

ay M

yay’ eir © in acknowledgment ar
sho ted back Th seemed to have reach
the height of triendshi

DP.
About the middle of the afternoon they
walked out into the middle of the yards arguing

with some emphasis, Kerrigan was gesturing
toward Eleventh avenue moet 'irgen Mor-
rison, who was as tal) and thn as Kerrigan

was stumpy, was pointing urgently toward
Tenth avenue. The discussion grew louder
and then became no longer friendly. Kerrigan
reached u fist and shook it under Mor-
rison’s chin. Morrison swung his long arm
around and struck Kerrigan on the jaw. Ker-
rigan fell in @ heap and Morrison staggered
over = spe then returned to look down at
y.

“Hey, Jim,” he sald, “got up.” But Kerri-
gan did not stir,

“Get up," said Morrison,
one yet.” He kicked his f
and then with some forces,
show any an of knowing It.
over him and tried unsteadily to lifthim. Then
he turned him over, took a long look at his
face, then turned and ran across the network
of tracks Shough all the terrors of Hades
were after him. In a moment he had disap-

red from the sight of Pleasant Valley, up

‘enth ayenue.

Tun Kelly and another brakeman left the
top o pe train on which eer had been work-
ing and went over to see w yr, Morrison had
run away from Kerrigan, They found that
Kerrigan was dead, Fol came from. the
prone ts and the aldewalks*and Joined them
n looking at the body. After a while Police-
man Collinge came into the throng. They
told him the story,

“Who saw the fight?” asked Collinge.

= aid, ¢¥e Kelly,

.” sald the other brakeman

“you're nota dead
riend, gently at fret
Kerrigan did not

Morrison leaned

“I want you,” sald Colll

6, and reaching
out quickly laid his official hand upon them
and sted them

“What you goin’ to lock us up for?” asked

Kelly.
“For witn on't y now,” ob-
rerved Collinge: Kelly and his friend fooked

at one ancther and contemplated the way-
wardness of things,

Meanwhile came an ambulance with ir
eon. fle paid he did not know what |
‘led Kerrigan It might be that hig ekul

: it might be the heat, the ar-
in conjunction; the
Anyway the police
even though K an’
sister came to the station last evening an told
them that her brother was troubled with at-
tacks of heart disease

was fractur
ment and the mixed
‘oroner would find out,

“want” Morrison,

TRIED TO KILL A MAINE GUIDR.

Attempt to Murder Herman Templeton, Wel!
Known in the Moosehead Region.

BrvonaM, Me., Sept. 2—An attempt was
made a few days agoto murder Herman Temple-
ton, a guide in the Moosehead region and also
@ game warden. He has been so vigilant in
effortato stop poaching that he has {ncurred
the enmity of the guides. Templeton was on
the west branch of the Penobscot during
the week, and as he wished to make rapid pro-
egress was paddling his canoe. When a short
distance from the shore he felt a pecullar sen-
sation of the wind at the back of his head. Then
he hard the report of a gun. He dropped flat

{n the canoé, andas he saw the muzzie of a rijie
etioki out from the hea growth he aie
charged his revolver inthat dfrection. As soon
as ble he started to the shore. When he

took up his paddle, having dropped his revolver,
another shot came from an unknown source,
This time he was unable to return the shot,
but pressed toward shore, Roping to find his
would-be assassin.

en ne reached shore and, exe: ined the
groun: he co nd not tt
of a moccasin and a dischar ° vruae

ged cartridge.
He was able to trace the tracks saveral miles
and learned, through the tracks on the ground,
that the would-be assassin had followed him
until he came to a favorable spot from which
he fired the shot. A strong wind was blowing
atthe time and the canoe was pitching. This,
itis thought, saved him. Had the bullet struc
him it would have passed through his skull.
empleton ot think of any one who has
atred enough against him for this act. The
guides have rermen 8 combine among them-
serves aad promise they will discover the guilty

KILLED IN A STREET FIGHT.

Margette Stabbed Codelio in the Heart With a
Stiletto,

Wars Pains, N. Y, Sept. 2—Thomas
Codello, a farmhand employed by Whitelaw
Reid, was killed to-night in a street fight by
Francisco Margotto of 61 Spring street. The
two men met in Bronx street at 8:80 o'clock and
began to quarrel. Codello picked up a base
ball bat that was lying in the street and hit

 

 

Mesgete awh hed Ph MATOS ST
3 pocket and s
fn the heart, Tuidng hi instantly r

Margotto ran to h ome. ‘oliceman Har-
mon and Jacob Welles followed him, Welles
fynete outeide and Harmon tried the door.
t was locked. Harmon burst the door
and searched the house without findiag Mar

tto until he reached the second floor, ere,

a bedroom, he found Margotto, but the
palien attempted to escape by jumping from
the second-story window

As he struck the ground Woliee shouted to

pim tied er and hy reste: to phoot him if
0. oO aD m 8

sfreet to Mott treet and then Welles fired tee

PY . The second bullet hit Margotto

u 1 left hip fod brovsht mn to eg und.
where his woun

Areesed Weds Purdy. He was ‘then locked

MAY HAVE BEEN

in

 

MURDERED.

Sporteman’s Body Found in the Water With a
Hole Under the Eye.

Mar'’s Lanpixo, N.J., Sept. 2.—The inquest
ia the supposed murder of Jonathan Harris, a
well-known sportsman of Belle Plains, whose
body was pulled ashore by seine fishermen yes-
terday morning, will be held at Tuckahoe to-
morrow. I[t was learned that the young man
had left his home early on Friday morning on
his bicycle. His dog followed and he carried
@ gun with which to shoot reed birds. He was
last seen alive shortly after 10 o'clock that

 

 

morning near where his body was found. His
gunning coat hung upon a@ stake and his
og lay near it he body when found had

been in the water butashorttime There was
@ hole under the right eye. On his arms and
chest were marks and the left cheek was dis-
ored and swollen
The autopsy showed that the marks on the
and chest were mace by crabs and fishes,
¢ doctors could not agree as to what caused
e hole under the eye, or as to whether Harris's
death was due to drowning
and gun were not found.

Retired Army OMcer Commits Suici(e.
ELporapo, I'l, Sept. 2.-Lieut. Louis A.
Gross, a retired officer of the. Fourth United

Btates Infantry committed suigide last night by
He was with Roosevelt
and received a wound in the right

Harrla’s bicycle

a Cu
nee.

.

i Mo nanreyntah ein

 

 

One Cop With o Pistol Did It—-Gravevarder
Dying in the Hospital: Three in Jall,

One member of the “Graveyard Gang” is
dying in Bellevue Hospital, and three others
were held in heavy bail by Magistrate Meade
in the Yorkville police court yesterday for
examination, and the Fifth street police now
hope that the gang is broken up The wounded
man is James Kinsella of 827 East ‘Twenty-
aeventh street. The three men held tn jail are
Edward Pepenking of 144 Avenue A, Francis
FE. MeNally of 166 Firat avenue, and Michael
Egan of 6227 East Seventeenth street. Their
principal grievance seemed tc be yesterday
that one “copper” single-handed had bested

them.
The “copper” is Jost Ruth, a heavy-boned

and square-Jawed German, who has been on

the force about three years. When complaints
wae fecelved at the Fifth street station that
the gang was making trouble at Avenue A and
Elpventh street Ruth was sent to clear them
out. He began mildly,
“You better scatter,” he warned the gang.
Instead of obeying the injunction the gang,
twenty or more of thern, made a rush for him,
When he attempted to swing his club it was

abbed from behind and wrested away, his
oe were kicked so that he fell on his knees
and blow after blow was rained on his head
till he pulled his revolver and fired four shots
into the crowd, That scattered his assailants,
as @Ruth ‘got on his feet aguin he
caught Kinsella, who was reeling from a bullet
whioh had passed through his left breast under

6

Ruth's worst injury was a broken nose, Af-
ter an ambulance surgeon had atched him
u pe went back to the scene of the flaht and
wi assistance of several other policemen
nab the three other prisoners. ey made
no resistance.

MURDERED IN THE STREET.

 

Italfan’s Throat Cut With a Rasor After a
Quarrel Over Card Game.

Louls Rosbe, Dominico Langella and Joseph
Annunctato quarrelied over a game of cards last
night in thesaloon of Michael Capatana tn Elton
street, Brooklyn. The saloon keeper put them
out and they started to walk down the street.
When they came near the corner of Elton

street and Liberty avenue shor, atopped to
watch @ fire in the stable of Henry Giynnin
which five horses were burned to death. The
quarrel was renewed and Annunciato pulled
uta ragor and drew it across Rosbe'’s throat.
fie severed the jugular veinand Kosbe fell to
we cowals. Annunciato and Langella then
ed.

Five minutes later some one who had been
watching the fire stumbled over Kosbe's body.
An ambulance call was sentto St. Mary's Hos-
pital, and just as Dr. Mo(arthy arrived with
the ambulance Rosbe died. Policeman Wilson
of the Liberty avenue station arrested Langella
and locked him up as a witness, Annunotato
gonpe and the polloe say that he went to New
ork.

 

CUT HIS WIFE'S THROAT.

Alberte Kills His Victim in the Presence of Mer
Sister—His Escape.

Hovrone, Mass, Sept, 2,-Charlea Alberto
of Clinton murdered his wife last night by
cutting her throat in the presence of her sis-
ter, Mrs, Alberto had found papers in her
husband's pocket which led her to think that
Alberto was not his right name, She accused
him of marrying Ulegally, This led to aquarrel,
and she fatt him a tt time ago tin Clinton
and came here to live with her sister, Mrs.
Coresse Beaudrix,
bout 10 o'clock last night, while Mr. and
Mrs. Beatdrix were seated In the kitchen,
Alberto appeared, Mrs. Alberto was frightene
and fied to another room. He reassured her
by calling to her and she came back. He sat
beside her and they began to quarrel, Beaudrix
foresaw trouble and went for a policeman.
While he was gone Alberto drew a razor and,
seizing his wife by the head, cut her throat.
He then @ his escape. The police were
dan ambulance was called. Mra.
giver died £0 whe way to the hospital. Al-
rto has not n seen since,
Killed Im a Quarrel Over the Negro Desperade
Charles,

New Onuaans, La., Sept. 2.—John Potterand
Clark, negroes, became involved to-night in an
argument as to Robert Charles, the colored

desperado who recently killed eight white men

gra caused the anti-negro riots in New Orleans.
otter thought Charles a hero, while Clark tn-
sisted that he bad brought great trouble on the
negroes of the country. In the heat of the

uarrel Potter drew bis revolver and fired at
diark, kilUng him.

Boy Dies Refusing to Tell Who Shot Him.

CouumB.s, 8. C., Sept 3.—Thomas Wimberley
18 years old, was shot mortally at Branchville
last night and died this morning. There were
no witnesses to the shooting, and Wimberley re-
ty d to tell his parenta or the officers the nan»
of the one whoshot vim. Jealousy over a girl
is thought to have been the cause.

 

 

 

 

STATE ENGINEER BOND ACCUSED.

Geed Reads Contractor Charges Him With
Favoritism in Letting Contracts,
Rocugster, Sept. 2.—Attorney Thomas H.
Sullivan of Buffalo on Saturday obtained an
order in the Supreme Court requiring State
Engineer Edward A. Bond to show cause why
an alternative writ of mandamus should not
be issued requiring the State Engineer to re-
ecind a contract for work under the Higby-
Armstrong Good Roads law in Buffalo; also
asking that the court award the contract to
him. The State Engineer gave the contract
for the Whites Corner road, from Hamburg

 

to the ay limits of Buffalo, to Chambers &
Casey of t is city for $23,480. The bid of Wil-
liam T. Leighton for the same work was $22,800.

Mr. Leighton is a resident of Brighton and is
wealthr. He contends that he conformed
strictly with the law in making his bid. In his
affidavit Mr. Leighton says that on Aug. 10 last
he rode from Rochester to Batavia with the
State Soginey and that Mr. Bond represented
to him that the contract had not been let and
that he stood a chance of getting it. Notwith-
standing this. Mr. Leighton alleges that the next
day he received a letter from Mr. Bond. which
‘been sent before the conference on the train,
and informing pim that Chambers & Casey
had the contrac
Mr. Leightonalleges that theState Engineer
violated that part of the Good Roads law re-
quiring the letting of the contracts to the low-
est responsible bidder {nasmuch as his bid
was the lowest. He also alleges that favor-
itism was show Chambers & Casey in the mat-
ter. He also says that similar applications
are to be madein other parts of the State, where
it is alleged that certain contractors have ob-
tained contracts lilegaily through favoritism
shown them by the State Engineer.

 

SECOND BATTERY AT DRILL,

 

Thousands at Van Cortlandt Park Yesterday
to See the Artillerymen,

Fully 6,000 persons went to Van Cortlandt
Park yesterday afternoon to see the Second
Battery, N.G.8.N.¥., go through drill. There
were two drilla, one at ®:30 o'clock in the morning
and the other at 2:30 in the afternoon. The
field manceurres, firing by piece, by platoon
and by battery, were all gone through.

Friends of the officers and men almost took
the camp by storm after the afternoon drill.
Women visitors were in the majority. One

roup of girls volunteered to cook Supper foi

e artillery men and seemed much appointed
when their services were declined.

Ileut.-Col. N. B. Thurston will inspect the
battery this morning at 10 o'clock, after which
the men will break campand march back to
their armory.

STOPPED BY

Rallroad Extensions and Wharf Schemes in
Mexico That May Be Abandoned.

Dur4gnxoo, Mexico, Sept. 2.—The death of
C. P. Huntington has caused the work of con-
structing the extension of the Mexican Inter-
national Railroad from Durango to Mazat-
lan to be suspended. It is reported that t
project Ts to. be ‘Abandoned and that other
extensions of the International that were
Janned by Mr. Huntington will not be under-
aken for a timeat least. Mr. Huntington
had in contemplation the making of extemive
wharf improvements at the port of Magatlan
for the benefit of the International road and
the Pacific Mail Steamship Line, but they
will not be neceasary if the building of the
railroad to that port is abandoned.

 

HUNTINGTON'S DEATH,

Champlin—Price.

Lona Brancu, N, J., Bept. 2.—Mias Addie
Price, daughter of Capt. Lewis M. Price of

Ocean Port, and Charies K. Champlin
married at the residence of the bride this alters
noon by the Rev. John Wagga.

 

The Expression of Contentment

worn by a SUN reader may be traced to tw
things—firet, to the fact that he reads the
Paper, second, to the prosperity he enjoys
through association with reputable advertisers
who use Its columns. —-Adv.

gin HHS

SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS
2
ee

    
 

“Q@RAVEYARD GAN@' BROKEN oP. PUZZLE

LS AED Phare et 8 Me DUNS FL

IN THIS DEATH,

NOBODY KNOWS HOW GAS POISONING
KILLED JOSEPH BRODECK,
That's What Coroners’ Physician Says He Died
Of, and Adds That lt May Have Been
Chronto—No Trace of Escaping Gas, but
a Tale of Dysentery Where Brodeck Died,

Joseph Brodeck, an employee of & I. Kel-
logg & Co., publishers, of 61 East Ninth street,
died suddenly at Tom O'Rourke's Delevan
Hotel early yesterday morning. O'Rourke
and the employees of the hotel, which ts the
resort of most of the people financially interested
in prizefighting in this city, say that the man
died of weakness following a prolonged attack
of dysentery. Coroners’ physician Williams,
who made an autopsy on the body, said that
Brodeck died of poisoning by flluminating gas
and that he had none of the sy mptoms of dysen-
tery, although there was evidence that
he uffered from chronic  nephritts,
Dr. George E. Doty of 216 Weet Thirty-
eighth street, who was called to the hotel and
reached it afew momenta after the man’s death
says he does not know what the man died of
and made no inquiry to find out when he had
ascertained the fact of death, He is certain,
however, that there was no smell of gas in the
room or any other superficial evidence that
the man had been poisoned by gas

According to the story told by O'Rourke
and his head bellboy Richardson, Brodeck
went to the hotel at 1 o'clock yesterday morn-
ing and a room was assigned to him, Two
hours later Richardson went to O'Rourke and
eald: “There's a man in the bathroom wh:
seems to be suffering a great deal, 1 don't
know what to do about him.”

“Take him to his room,” sald O'Rourke.

minute or two later Richardson returned
and said that he thought Brodeck was Rping
to die. A pageicias was sent for vere
was some delay because the first doctor who
waa called refused to eo out at that hour in
the morning. The second, Lr. Dety, responded
atonce, but when he reached the hotel he found
that Brodeck was dead, The body was sent
to the Morgue. Dr. Willlams made an autopsy
there late yesterday afternoon, In his report to
the Coroner he sald that the cause of death
was asphyxiation by illuminating gas. He
added the word “suicide,” following it with
a question mark. When Dr. Williams waa
told that the people about the hotel told a story
about the man's death which precluded the
joes y of polsoning by illuminating @as,
16 Bald:

“My report was based altogether upon the

conditions in which I found all the organs
of the seer. In all cases of illuminatin Fiend
polsoning there is a decided cherry red Ise
coloration of the organs. It is always accepted
as prima facie evidence of gas poisoning.
I never knew it to be the basis fora mistaken
autopsy I remember that once there
was a dispute about it. I said then that I
thought it possible that the man might have
eiffered from chronic gas poleoning. caused
by a leaky fixture near which he had been
seeping. ‘or months, perhaps. The people
n the Coroners’ office laughed and said that
perury was a @reat deal better explanation
han a new ailment like chronic gas polsoning.
Bince then I have geen an article by @ promi-
nent Russian physician in which he describes
a number of cases of gradual gaa poisoning.
Now, if the people who own this hotel can
he believed, they have confirmed my former
opinion and have added a new chapter to what
we know about flluminating @aa Rolgoning.

The dead man's connection with E, L. Kellog,
& Co. was learned from a letter found in his
pocket, Another sealed letter addressed sim-
ply “Ethel Brodech” was turned over to the
Coroner.

 

 

 

WARRANT FOR GYPSY WOMAN.

She Is Charged With Cruelty to a Fifteen-
Year-Old Negro Girl.

PLarerieip, N. J., Sept. 2.—Justice Marsh
of this town has issued a warrant for the arrest
of Mra, William Harrison, the head of the tribe
of gypeles that had been camping near here
for the past two weeks. The warrant charges
Mrs. Harrison with cruelty to a fifteen-year-old
negro girl, Clara Jackson, who was with the
tribe. The complainant is Mrs. Lizzie Benner,
the wife of John Benner, proprietor of Benner’s
hotel on South avenue, near which the gypsies
camped.

Last week the Jackson girl ran into the hotel.
She declared that she had been beaten with a
chair, and that she had been struck and slashed
at with a butcher knife. The child was cut and

bleeding, and Mrs. Benner attendea to her
wounds and told her to remain at the hotel,
where she would be protected. As soon as
the Harrisons heard that the girl was at the
hotel Wiliam Harrison went to Scotch Plains
and got a search warrant from Justice Clark.
With this he visited the hotel, got the child and

departed.

hen Mrs. Benner swore out the warrant
but when the constable went to arrest Mrs
Harrison he found that the gypsies had moved

thelr camp, It wag supposed that they had
gone to Madison, N. J., where the elder Harrison
has his tribe of gypsies, and Roundsman Mattox
went there to- aT to arrest the woman. The
elder Harrison sald that she had not been near
there. He promised, however, to have the
woman and the child {n Plainfleld during the
coming week. He said that the child had been
enticed away from her home tn Baltimore six
years ago and that her father had tried to gether
back, but had failed.

FLORIDA CHINESE 6MUGGLING.

 

»‘Underground Channels’ From the Bahamas
and Cuba to This Country.

JACKSONVILLE, Fla, Sept. 2—Tong Ho
is the name of a well-to-do Chinaman who
arrived in Jacksonville from New York yea-
terday to see if he can do anything to help
his fellow countrymen who are incarcerated
in the county jail for not being able to produce
their certificates in accordance with the Chi-
nese Exclusion act. Tong is here for another
purpose as well, that of organizing a lodge
of Masons among the Chinese in the State
He isa Past Grand Master of Masons and has
a dozen Masonio Iinitiala which he appends

to nis name He fs es y interested in
Quong Lee, who received his papers at Colum-
bia, 8S. C., the same time that Tong received
his. The cases should have come before Com-
missioner Goodell yesterday, but Mr. Goodell
failed to appear and the cases were continued
until Tuesday.

It {s reported here that achooner loads of
Chinamen are being shipped tote lower east
Florida from Nassau and other places in the
West Inides and Cuba. It is rumored alao
that there is an “underground channel,” as it
were, arranged to amugéele them into the United

States by this route. They arrive at places
on the east coast where it is thinly inhabited,
are then smuggled into the interior, making
their way then by ones and twos to this city
and other places in the State and thence weat-
ward by way of Montgomery . The United
States officers are investigat! the matter
andthink that they have struck up against
a big conspiracy in this line.

TO REBURY SOUTH'S SOLDIER DBAD.
Those tn Northern Cemeteries to Bo Taken
Below Mason and Dixon's Line.

New On.eans, La, Sept. 2.—The Confeder-
ate Southern Memorial Association, with head-
quartera in New Orleans, has arranged to re-
claim the bodies of the Southern dead in North-
ern cemeteries and to reinter them either in
the churchyards and cemeteries of their re-
spective States or in a plot to be specially set
aside for the purpose in the National Cemete:;
at Arlington, Va., directly opposite Washing-
ton. The affiliated associations, the numer-
ous camps of the Confederate veterans and
the State chapters of the United Daughters
of the Confederacy have been asked to assist
in the work. The lists of all Confederate dead
buried in Northern cemeteries will be pup-
lished throughout the South, thus giving friends
ane vereraas @p opportunity to clalm their

ead,

The movement {fs due to the act of Congr
which, In the Sundry Civil A spropriation’ bill,
approved June 6, 1900, provided for the dis-
interment of these bodies of the Southern dead
and thelr reburial in a special part of the Na-
tional Cemetery at Arlington, Va. The date
of removal‘is set for October. Hollywood
Cemetery in Richmond has been placed at the
cispoaal of the association for the reinterment
of the bodies of all Confederate soldiers which
remain unclaimed.

AMERICAN WORKMEN LEAVE MEXICO.

 

Money Too Cheap and Living Too High to Be
Attractive to Them.

DvRANGO, Mexico, Sept 2—Most of the
American expert roller-mill workmen who
were brought bere several weeks ago from
Indiana and Illinois to work In the iron and
steel plants have returned to their former
homes. The experiment is a failure and the
lew remaining American workmen will leave
Mexico as Soon as they can save enough money
lo do so The wages paid are high from a
Mexican point of view, but do not compare with
those paid in the United States for similar labor
when the cheapness of Mexican money and the
high cost of living in Mexico are considered.

THE SUN, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER

 

- ~ ~ > o> oe

 

NEW FIELDS FOR FIGHTERS.

The Sport May Fiourish Soon in New Jersey
and Connecticut Towns Near New York.

Now that the Horton law is a thing of the
past, patrons of the prize ring are giving their
attention to places outside of this State where
the game will be permitted without opposition
from the authorities, Preparationshave been
made to pull off bouta in New Jersey Connect-
fout, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Rhode Isl-
and and Maryland. Clubs have already beeo
established at Paterson, Newark, Trenton,
Bridgeport, New Haven, Waterbury, Jersey
City, Weehawken and Wilmington. Boxing
has been in vogue for the past three years at
Bridgeport, Waterbury and New Haven, and
many stirring contesta have been decided.
Jack Rose, who controla most of the boxing
exhibitions at Bridgeport and New Haven,
sa) 8 that a number of important contests have
been arranged by him, and that the sport will
flourish in earnest in these two cities this fall
and winter,

The Trenton and Passaio County athletio
clubs are two organizations which have been
under way for several weeks past, Most of
the battles, which have been quite stirring,
were well attended. Apjother club is going to
be started in Paterson in a few days. It will be
known as the Krie A.C and Jack Dougherty,
the well-known manager of pugillsts, will be the
matchmaker. _ Before the sport was legalized
in this Btate, New Jersey was the rendezvous
for some very interesting scraps. Bob Fitv-
simmons fought at Newark under the auspices
of the Caledonian A.C. in 1898 and attracted a
large crowd, Dougherty is also the match-
maker of the Washington Hill A. C. of Water-
pury and has plan several important mills

etween men of reputation, Dougherty de-
ame will start in earnest within

clarea that the
Vaterbury and Patersoo

a few weeks at

The first bout at the Passaic County A.C, will
be pulled off on Sept. 17. Tommy Sullivan of
Brooklyn and Andy Daly of Boston will be the
principals in a 20-round struggle

A chub somewhat on the lines of the Broad-
way A. (., but with quarters nearly as large
as Madison Square Garden, is spoken of as
a possibility in Weehawken in the near future.
It is said that Jim Kennedy and Pat Powers
will be interested in the venture and that some
championship mills will be brought about.
The organization in question, it 1s understood,
will 3 devoted to other kinds of athletics
outside of boxing and its house will have @ seat-
ing capacity of over $8,000, A similar club may
be established at Jersey City. Charlie White
will be appointed referees of the Weehawkeu
Club as soon as it is organized

Fighta to a finish in private with small gloves
will in all-probability take place in Greater New
York. Several of these flahts have already
been arranged and the favored ones will be
“tipped” relative to the rendezvous in due
season, It is not likely that Tom O'Rourke
will be identified with any of the new fistic
clubs. Fle said yesterday that thus far he
as not made arrangements for a building
n any of the above-mentioned cities,

 

MI Babe Leads the Knickerbocker Yachts,

PorT WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.--Cottagers and
summer residenta thronged the handsome
clubhouse of the Manhassett Bay Yacht Club
here to-day to witness the race of the visit-
ing Knickerbocker Yacht Club of New York.
The fleet arrived last night from College Point
and held the race for the Hampden class one-
design craft trophy off this place this morn-
ing, The course was a triangle of about nine
miles, The boats got off well together, J. ©.
Sinkinson's Indian leading slightly, with F. BE
Barnes's Zena in second place and Commodore
Mason's Mi Babe a capiia third. On the first
ne the Zena worked into Ponies position
The M! Babe was firat around the second mark
and led over the finishing line with the Zena
second and Indian third.

 

 

Gossip of the Ring.

A\ MeMurray, whois managing Tim Kearns, says
that tis protégé isin good health again and ready to
fightany first-class lightweight

Joe Gans and George McFadden are to meet again.
This time the battle will be heid at Philadelphia and
will te decided before the Penn Art Club next Friday
night

Billy Lee of Yonkers, who {« now in England, has
Practically matched Tom Broderick, also of Yonkers,
against George Dimmy, an English lightweight, who
is rapidly coming to the fore tn his own country.

Jack Everhardt of New Orleans, who went to Eng-
land a month ago, ts slated to cross arms wiih Tom
Ireland in London to weet The contest is for
jreniy rounds Everhardt says he isin fine coud!-

on.

Tim Callahan of Philadelphia says that tf he re-
celves expenses he will go to Engiand and meet
Ben Jordan before the National Sporting Club.
Callahan ts {n good condition just now and says that
he will be able to Oght within siz weeks’ time.

“Spike” Sullivan bas received an offer to go to San
Prancisco and box a clever lightweight, whose
name thus far bas not been divulged, before the
Olympte A, OC. “Spike’’ says that he will accept, but
cannot fight right away, as bis hands are not in the
best of condition.

George Gardener of Lowell, whois matched to box
Frank Craig, the ‘‘Hariem Coffee Cooler,’’ twenty
rounds at London on Sept. 19, bas returned to Eng-
land from Lisdoonvarna, County Clare, Ireland,
where he has been spending several weeks with his
relatives, Gardener is training at Chipperfield and is
siready in fine condition.

Immediately upon his arrival in Fngland. Charley
McKeever of Philadelphia called upon Matchmaker
Bettinson of the National Sporting Club, London, tn
regard toa baitie with ‘Dido’ Plumb, the English
middleweight champion. Lettinson told McKeever
that if a match was made he would give the palr a
chance t fight on Oct. 15. Plumb, when notified.
said he would Nght MoKeever, but wanted afew days’
Grace. as he expects a battle with Dick Burge for
$2,500 4 side in the near future.

It is not probable that the National Sporting Club
will offer a Durse for the contemplated match between
Peter Maher and Gus Ruhiin. When Dr. Ordway,
the American representative of the noted Lnglish
club, was aeen tin reference to the ¢ontest he sald:
“Il have no doubt but that the men wil) put upa slash-
ing mill, but the Jondon sports will not stand for it
unless either man ts pitted against an English linavy-
weight. Maher and Ruhlin will tn all probability
accept the offer which they have received to fight at
San Francisco.

J. Wilson Manning of Boston called at the office of
the London Mirror of Life bys nily and sald that his
visit to England {4 in the Interest of the following
American boxers: “Spider” Kelly, Dal Hawkins,
Jimmy Handler and Caw ray Kelly, Manning declares
that the four above-named pugiiists will leave this
country In a few weeks, Manning offers to back
Hawkins and “Spider” Kelly againstany lightweight
fn Great Britain, Sammy Kelly against Billy Pilm-
mer, and Handier with either ‘Dido’ Plumb or any
other middleweight, all contests to be for twent
three-minute rounds, the welghing In to be at 3
o'clock on the afternoon of the encounter.

 

Flocking Here to Work on the Tunpel.

Delegate Gleason of the Pipe Calkers and
Tapper’ Union complained to the Centra! Fed-
erated Union yesterday that men were em-
ployed at less than the prevailing rate of wages
to do pipe calking on work for the Rapid
‘Transit tunnel in Flm street. The men, he said,
are receiving $259 a day, while the union wages
are $3. Gleason also said that the Bowery lodg-
ing houses were filling up with men from Bos-
ton, Baltimore and Philadelphia, who are get-
ting employmenton the tunnel at lesa than the

revailing rate of wages. ‘The secretary was

nstructed to write to Mayor Van Wyck and the
Rapid Transit Commissioners pacing them to
see that the Prevailing Rate of Wages law is en-
orced,

 

The Bremen at Erie Bastn.

The steamship Bremen of the North German
Liord, which was badly damaged in the water-

front fire in Hoboken, was towed to the Erie
Basin on Saturday and will undergo repairs at
the Frie Basin dry dock. The steamship Main
of the same line is also at the dry dock under-
going repairs.

The Weather,

The high pressure expanded over the New England
and middie Atlantic States yesterday, clearing the
weather and causing a brisk southerly breeze, but
without any perceptible increase of heat. The low
preasure from the West was moving slowly eastward;
the centre, passing over Minnesota, wos drawing
warmer weather into all the central States, where the
temperature reached between 90 and 100 degreen A
second high pressure was crossing the northern Rocky
Mountains, with cooler weather tn all that section
and the Northwest Showery and thunderstorm con
ditions prevatiled in the central States, the Ohio Valley
and a part of the Western lalees, and in one or two
scattered places in the Southern States

In this city the day opened cloudy, but after 11
A. M. % was clear; average humidity, 55 per cent
wind fresh to brisk southerly; barometer, corrected to
read to sen level, at 8 A. M., 30.52:3 P. M., 50.28

The temperature as recorded by the official ther-
mometer, and also by THR SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, Is shown In the annexed table

—OMeiaim Sun's —OMeaa— Sun's.
1900 1899. 1990 190%, 1809. 1900
9 A. M.75° 6s° 78°| AP M.7A° 72° 79
12M 6° 7 64°, OP. M 75° oo 77
83P.M.80° 71° A2*\12Mid..73° 68° 75°

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-
MORROW.

For New England, fair and warm today; local
showers or thunderstorms and cooler to-night or
to-morrow; fresh south winds

For the District of Columbia, Delaware, Maryland,
Virginia, eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and east-
ern New York, warm today, followed by showers or
thunderstorms, and cooler in afiernoon or erening;
to-morrow fair; fresh south winds, becoming west by
to morrow.

For Obio, western Pennsylvanta and western New
York, showers or thunderstorms and cooler to-day}
© morrow fair; fresh south to west winds,

re—_—------. < kx
a CC LLL LL

INTERSCHOLASTIC SPORT.

YOUNG STUDENTS ACTIVELY PREPAR-
ING FOR FOOTBALL SEASON.

 

The New York Association Will Perfect ar
rangements Next Week—Every School of
Promifence to Enter an Eleven~Ragby
High and Trainer's Schools’ Strong Teams,

The Executive Committee of the New York
Interscholastic Association will hold a mee ing
next week and then final arrangementa for the
football season will be made. Officers will
be elected, different committees appointed and
a football schedule adopted, Itis not definitaly
known how many teams will enter the struggle
for the honors on the gridiron, but there ts every
reason to believe that the majority of the schoola
will be represented, fo several of the schools
the new boys on hand are more promising than
some who made the teams last year and in many
cases they will take the place of the regular
men

Capt. Smith and his band of football players
of The Bronx school arrived at the school last
week, and although it was far from football
weather, the regular practice began. A larger
number than usual reported for the preliminary
tralning. The outlook is very encouraging in
spite of a number of places to fill Baldwin
and Riggs, the guards, will probably be out of
the game this year Baldwin will not return to
the school, it is said, and Riggs, who will be
back, may not play,as his family and the faculty
are anxious that he should devote his entire at-
tention tostudy.

Dr. Brown of Barnard School has mapped out
his plans for the coming season. The prelim-
inary work will bo done in the gymnasium.
Benjamin, who has made such @ great showing
at basketball, will probably have charge of the
team, When seen last week he said that he
searcely expected to win the championship,
but that the eleven would make a strong bid for
the honor. Fred Wenck and H. Storms will
help coach the youngsters. The school has
secured grounds at Fort Lee for outdoor prao-
tice.

Trinity School, although out of the Inter-
scholastic Association, will not be out of ath-
letics, in which the rector, Dr. Ullman, is a
strong believer, whileharmony exists. Tho
wrangling and disputes that prevailed at the
achool last year thoroughly disgusted him, but
the lads that caused all the trouble last year
have graduated, and the large mimber of news
comers are looked upon to agree on every thing.
Thompson has been elected captain of the foot-
ball team, and the first regular practice will
begin at Columbia Oval next week

The grounds of the Collegiate School, Sev-
enty-seventh street and West End avenue,
are rapidly being put in condition for foot-
ball practice. The squad this year will con-
sist mostly of new material, but they are a
stocky set. The loss of Capt Hardenberg,
who played full back, and Deveraux, who played
left half back, will be felt. Both these young-
sters go to Columbia University, where they
will make good substitutes on the ‘Varsity
team, Work will begin in about a week and
if the boys make a good showing a team will
be entered in the championship series

Colurnbia Institute intends to take a Gocided
brace this year. The students at the schoo
have never taken a proment part in athletics
and have devoted their time to military exer-
clseas and cyclin This year, however, the
boys will figure in avery fine of sport. To a
reporter of THB SUN Dr. Eawin Fowler sald:

1 am pleased wo say that Columbia Insti-
tute has every prospect for a strong athletic
representation for the coming season, It
is a little too soon to make any predictions, as
the different teams will not be fully organized
for a week or so, but the large number of well-
built lads that have enterei and the interest
they show in football gives promise of a strong
team » P. Person, one of our leading in-
structors will have charge of the football team
and will put the boys to practice in another
week,” - ,

Joho Finneran of the Knickerbooker A, C,
will again have charge of the gymnasium at
De La Salle Institute, It is his intention to
Govelop a strong ymnasticteam. Keller, Thorp
and Ridder will be back, and as they are g¢ym-
nasts of no mean ability, they should form a
combination hard to beat, ‘There are any
number of new candidates for football honors
and with those of the old boys back astrong,
team should be organized ‘eller will prob-
ably be ele ted captain, fie Paved left half
back on the team last year and will undoubted!
again fill that position, Db, H, Brennan will
coach the team and all the work will be done
at Jasper field.

Instructor Thompson of the Sachs School
who will ain have charge of athletics, said
last week that it looks as if the echool will be
able to place a football team in the fleld this
season, “We can count upon afew good play-
ers, but whether we can induce the other boys
who are available to take * the sportis a ques-
tion, At any rate we will have a second team
which will play in the Junior series,” Chess
will be a feature attheschool this winter, and
nothing will be left undone to place a strong
team in the interscholastic chess tournament.

Witb Prof. Kinlay in charge the proepecte in
athletics for the comi season at Wilson-
VailSchool are brighter than they have been
in former years. The school did not enter
a football team last year, as most of the pore
were too light to compete against the heavier
tearns of the league, Handball tournaments
will be prayed throughout the winter montha,

The Rugby High School football team will
take its first regular practice out doors next
Wednesday, The boya will coached by
Thomas, Simpson and Phillips. Stewart,
who weighs 165 pouns {is captain. Me plays
right guard well, rushes hard low with

the ball, and is always found in every play.
Davis, a new boy at the echool, will perhaps
play centre. Although rather light for the
osition, his play is full of snap and grit, and

manages to get the ball back with precision,
fiall, who will play left guard, is engine new
yoy on the team, The tackles are Duffy and
O'Brien. The latter is an old player, who blocks
hard and tackles low and strong. Duffy is
a new boy, but his earnestness makes up for
his lack of experience. The end positions
will be looked after by Sims and Fletcher
These boys are as good as any school team can
boast of They know the game thoroughly
and both are flerce and sure tackles, Meyer,
Carr and Slitz will be the backs. In these three
boys the school has the finest trio in the history
of the school. They are all sprintera of high
order, the latter being a regular. battering
ram. His work in this particular calls to mind
the famous rushes of Kelly, Princeton's half
back in 1896, Outside of the regular league
schedule, Manager Clark has arranged games
with the leading scholastio teams within sixty
ayer of this city.

t is doubtful whether Trainers School will
foin the New York Interscholastle Associa-
tion before next spring. This is the firat year
that an attempt has been made to organize
a football team at the school and the boss will
be obliged to work under great diffioulties,
The team has not been selected as yet, but the
candidates have already been indulging in
some practice at Olymplan Field. Zolzer is
trying for centre and is expected to fill the po-
sition satisfactorily with a little more practice,
The guards are stil! in doubt, but Childs and
Spence are trying hard and will probably fill
the want. Gouldy and Anderson would make
a good pair_of tackles, but as they are mem-
bers of the Forrest A. (, team, they cannot be
counted upon for every game, The school
will, however, receive their support as sub-
stitutes. Fisher, who is also trying for tackle,
never played football before, but his showing
baa been good and he Is expected to hold the
position.

Collins will probably play at quarter back.
His passing is good, and he gets in the inter-
ference and tackles well, he position of
full back will be hard to fill, there being few
candidates. Wenman is trying for the place
and Wilson might play there; but the latter.
being a good man at either tackle or guard
Rey be placed in either of these positions’
Willard and Buck will be the backs. * +f e former
is one of the heaviest boys to make the team
He bucks the line in fine stvle and kicks the ball
well, Buck is an old football player and will
captain the team. He was captain of the For-
rest A.C. of 1807-98, and played on the Central
A.C. team last year

Track and Field Games.

The third annual outing and games of the Charles
G. Bothner Association were held at Grant City, Staten
Island, yesterday. Representatives of the Pastime,
Knickerbocker and other athletic clubs competed.
Summaty

1-Yatd Dash— Won by R. Miller, Pastime A. C
A. Weigel, Anchor A. C., second. Time, 11 2-5 see-
onds

Running High Jump
land, Auguat Krebs, second Height feet} ineh

220-Vard Dasli- Won by M. Ankmner. N.Y. ¢
Fred Ernst, Pastime A, C., second. Time, 27 sec-
onds

Putting 16-Pound Shot—Won by Charles Dleges
Pastime A. C.; C. Kircher, Knickerbocker A. C., sec-
ond IMstance, 37 fret

Hop, Skipand Jump~ Won by A. Ding; H. Winter
ercond, Distance, 46 feet 3 inches. ?

Fat Men's Race -.Won by James Smith; R. Alkena,
second

Potato Race — Won by H. Perina: H. Thiel, second.

Running Broad Jump- Won by George Boehm:
Charies Ziner, second. Distance, 17 teet 2 inches 2

Ina baseball game between the Bothner Aasoctation
and the Pastime A. C. the latter won by the score of
6runsto4

Won by Theodore Feh-

Why Does ‘‘The Sun"
believe that it is e pecially adapted todo your
advertising? Because in all New York there is no
man of property, no man of real substance, no

citizen of standing and of honorabi
who does not read THE BEN.—Adv, 7 wen

ee

A SODA FOUNTAIN FOR EVERY

SN eee Eee OEE
ete cc a ee
pa

eer

  

ee

     

HOME

 

TRADE MARK

Small Steel Capsules Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas,

You can sit ona piazza or a beach, in a boat or a swiftly
moving car, or in a surrey, or for that matter in a balloon, and,

having filled your bottle with cool
liquid, aerate it as easily and com-
pletely by a SPARKLET as if you
were at the most perfectly ap-

pointed sideboard.

Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups Furnished.

Pint bottles, $1.50 upwards.

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 upwards.

Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

All Druggists.

Write for Booklet.

  
 

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

 

CRICKET.
Records of the New York Cricket Assocla-
tion,

The New York Cricket Association brought
its series of championship games to a con-
clusion on last Saturday, and the Paterson club
may now once again be declared the champions
of the association. The victors thoroughly
deserved the trophy, for their exhibition of
the game in all its departments throughout
the season was first class in every respect.
Brooklyn and Kings county had a keen strug-
gle for second place, and by twice defeating
their rivals the Kinga county men obtained
the coveted place, which they firmly believe
ia but the stepping stone to the championship
which they hope to obtain next year. The

games, as a rule, were closely contested and
the series throughout was followed with con-
siderable interest The records:

SUMMARY OF CHAMPIONSHIP SCHEDULB,

Paterson A....9 1 .900 | Nelson Lodge.4 0 400
Kings CO. 7 4 ,636 | Kearny 3 8 .272
Brookiyn......6 4 .600 | ManbattanIL.2 9 .161
Paterson B....5 4 588 |

Drawn Games-Paterson Team A 2, Ringe County
1, Brooklyn 2, Paterson Team B 4, Nelson adge 2,
Kearny 1, Manhattan Il, 1. Forfetted games—By
Kearny to Manhattan LJ. 2, to Brooklyn }, to Paterson
Team b 1,

In the contest for the batsman's prize, F. G
Warburton easily leads all competitors with
an average of 30.70 for twelve innings Ss.
Durrant of Brooklyn also batted in good style
in the five ipnings played by him, but W. Clark-
son, the only player besides Warburton to ex-
ceed 200 runs, exhibited more consistency.
Altogether 12@ men took part in the contest,
and of these, only twenty-five finished the
season in double figures

W. Bunce of Paterson heads the bowlers,
but as he has not delivered the required num-
ber of balls, he has not qualified for the prize.
This will probably go to W. Dodds, who has
taken thirty-six wickets for 558 apiece. A
Rice of Kearny has a fractionally better aver-
age, but as his club has withdrawn from the
association he is ineligible. The averages:

BATTING AVERAGBS.

 

Most
Nat itn
Ine. Out. Ina. RunsArer
F.G. Warburton, Paterson A.12 2 74 307 80.70
‘A. 8 Durrant, Brooklyn...... 6 1 %41 104 26,00
S. Livingston, Kearny 2 1 9°25 25 25.00
W. Clarkson, Paterson A.... 11 2 %2 220 24.44
1 Sutton, Paterson A....... 7 4 %18 72 24.00
FE. Smith, Brooklyn... ....-. . 8 1 °33 88 2200
WN. Graham, Paterson A....... @ 1 75 157 10.42
W. Bunce, Paterson A - @ 1 86 145 18-12
B. W. Powell, Nelson Lodge.. 9 2 63 115 16,42
CLA, eCully. Manhattan .2 1 *O 15 16.00
M. McHale, Kearny........... 7 0 41 103 14,71
A. Brown, Brookiyh juss 8 2S we ee Ie
C. T. Toddings, Kings County!1 1 40 184 13,40
W. Kellond, Nelson Lodge, 5 0 23 67 18,40
E. A. Skyne, Nelson Lodge... & O 48 106 18.25
I. J. P. Kelly, Manhattan,.... 9 2 34 OL 15.00
C. T. Hole, Kings County.....01 2 30 115 12.77
J. Pediow, Brooklyn.. . 91 25 98 12.25
J. Ridings. Paterson A 6 8 910 24 12.00
L. Brierley, Kearny. ......+. / 72 #16 60 12.00
H.O. Wilkinvon. Paterson A..10 1 25 86 10.66
Rev. C. Twinge, PatersonA.. 2 0 15 21 10.50
F. Ashton, Paterson B 41 9) 17 «1038 10,30
A. Brown, Paterson B..... 11 0 8% 311 10.09
J. Rigby, Paterson B........ 40 2&5 40 10,00
*Not out
BOWLING AVERAGES.
Baila Matd- Runs Wick As.
ens. as.
W. Buner, Paterson A.142 5 390 & 447
W. W. King, Manh'n.. & Q 6 1 6,00
F. P. Rogers, Nel
gon Lodge... 6. 60 1 27 5 6.49
A Rice, Kearny... . 247 6 iit 20 «646.55
W. Dodds, Paterson A..650 28 201 360 O68 SA
C, Bilce, Kearny........ 66 1 35 6 643
A. Nugent, Kings Co 146 7 60 10 «6.00
S. Livingston, Kearny. 72 2 24 4 6,00
W. Clarkson, Pats'nA.711 24 242 a6) «66.36
TW. Harris, Nelson
LAGRG ccrcscccrceces Gh 20 161 25 «6.44
M. McHale, Kearny, .251 6 117) 18) «6,80
F. F. Fisher, Kings Co. 125 7 53 6 6.62
*, Asbion, Paterson B. 61 3 27 4 6.75
y.S. Patmore, B'klyn.455 13 196 24 87,00
J. Pediow, Brooklyn 561 14 240 3600 7.10
C.F. Hunwr, Pat's 1 A.145 2 7 10 «7,10
J.E.Mordaunt K'g@sCo.593 20 243 2 7.69
A.G. Rainbow, Pato B.334 7 183 17 «7.62
E. A. Skyne, Nelson
lodge... eaape 481 13 220 28 7.48
E. J Kwood. Manh'n. 182 5 63 & 7.47
A. Brown, Paterson 1..542 13 168 20 £40
C, A. MeCully, Man... 66 2 27 3 800
M. Morgan, Pat's'n B,. 237 3 125 13) 61
F. A. Cox, Manhattan 565 8 Sol $1 970
J. Stanton, Kings Co. 279 7 148 15 9.46
G.W. Barnes, K'gs Co 488 11 257 26 9.88
P. 8. Seavlon, B’klyo 110 1 63 6 10.50
D. Boaill, Brooklyn....129 5 60 7 11.42
F. Flilott, Manhattan..106 7 75 6 12.50
L. Brierly. Kearny 117 0 64 6 12.40
R. W. Powell, Nelson
Lodge os +++ 508 9 245 18 18,60
¥F, Pirle, Brooklyn. . 36 1 26 2 18.50
A. Brown, Brooklyn... 84 1 42 8 14,00
W. Burrows, Manh't'n, 84 1 55 4 14.50
T. Farrand. K'gs Co... 84 2 a4 $8 14.46
J.W. Taylor, P't's'n B.450 18 222 16 14.80
FB Tanner, Paterson A. 36 1 15 1 18.00
A. Durrant. Brooklyn 90 1 46 3 15.38
G. Harrand, Brooklyn. 24 1 16 1 16.00
A.C, Boxsiil, Brooklyn, 24 0 16 1 14,00
A. G. Shingler, Man. 156 2 91 6 18.20
W. Kellond, Nelson
Lodge v0 86 10 oo 5 19.80
F. Canston, Kearny... 60 0 4! 2 20.50
C. T. Hole, Kings Co. 114 0 81 4 20.25
T.W. Kenyon, P't'n B 150 1 we 3 30.466
H. G. Humphreys, Nel-
Lodge ° ize 2 65 1 65.00

(Local cricketers have arranged a big sched-
ule of games for the holiday to-day. and from
11 o'clock this morning until darkness sets in
they will indulge in their favorite pastime

The chief game of the day will take place
at Staten Island, where the Philadelp fa Club
which has just concluded its successful Cana-
dian tour, will play the Livingston Field Club,
At Prospect Park the Mecea of the game in this
vicinity, the Paterson Club, champions of the
New York Cricket Association, will test their
strength against the Manhattans, while on the
sane eTound Brooklyn will play. Montclair
A.C, and Kings County will meet Nelson Lodge
The Knickerbocker A. C, will go to Camden,
N_J., for a game with the Linden ©, C., and the
Caribbeans will have a game at Central Park

Wa Wa Leads for the Cup.

Newront, Sept. 2.--During the months of
July and August the 90-footers have eailed
forty-three races off Newport, and will close
the season on the 15th of this month Thus
far the Wa Wa, owned by Reginald Brooks,

is the leading boat, she having twelve firsts and
eleven seconds to her credit. This fe the fifth
geason that the boats have been out, and the
interest in therm ia just as keen as in the first

 

 

year. Out of the forty-three races eight have
been cup races, the others being for sweep-
stakes. The standing of the boats up to Sept. 1
is as follows
Potnta
Sos , for Aver
oa irats, Seconds. ( “un,
Wa Wa 13 1 r  -
Herta 6 0 33
Dorowby, e® 3 3 ai
lisperaves... 6 3 1 27
Pollywog “4% 4 4 3 2i
Yequero nt 4 3 0 20
a eeee | 4 0
Veda... cecces ei 4 e id

 

———
a ine taenmnipecinsnncnemeta

LABOR DAY SPORTS,
Important Events Set for Decision in the
Metropolitan District.

Sporta of every kind will be in full awing to
day at almost every available place in the Met-

ropolitan district or within easy travelling
distance. When Labor Day was established
as a holiday clubs and promoters of every
pastime seized on it as a fitting occasion for

fali ventures, and the fixtures for the day have
grown in importance and numbers since, until
there is now no holiday that can surpass Labor
Day for the number and variety of the atirag-
tions presented for sportsmen.

The Knickerbocker A. C. will cater to sev-
eral sections of the sporting public with an
athletio carnival on the club grounds at Bay-
onne,N.J. In addition to aregular programme
of track and field events, the Cherry Diamond
management has organized bicycle and ewim-
ming races, a game of association football
and a contest on the baseball diamond between
the home team and the Carteret F. C
nine. The athletic events will be signalized
by the first appearance in this country since
their returu of many of the American team
who were victorious at the Paris international

games, These will include R. Sheldon of the
New York A. C., who defeated Dennis Horgan,
the holder of the world’s record at shot putting;
Alexander Grant, University of Pennsylvania,
and John Bray of Williams College. Sheidon
will pitempt to beat the world’s record of 48
feet % inch for the event. The games of the
Greater New York Irish A. A, at Celtic Park
are also expected to draw a@ big crowd, as In
addition to a number of Metropolitan cracks
scheduled to compete in the handicap events,
there will be some rousing team play in the
Gaelio games of hurling and football, The
professionals will have a field day at Washing-
ton Park, Maspeth, where the forty-fourta
annual games of the New York Caledoulan
Club will take piace for money prizes,
Yachtemen will find plenty to engage their
attention. The open regatta of the Atlantic
4. C., off Sea Gate willattract @ pumber of the
fast boats, while the equally popular Larch-
mont Y. C, is expected to fu good sport
with its fall regatta.
The chief cycling event will be the 25-mile
eycle path wndicap on the Coney Island
paths, while numerous track race meets
will take place within easy wheeling distance
of New York. Golf will have its thousands
of devotees, either playing the game or watch-
ing the many important tournaments set fot
decision, while the followers of trotting, lawa
tennis and shooting have been well looked after
by the promoters. The events scheduled are

ATHLETIC GAMES,

Knickerbocker A. A. carnival at Bayonne, N J.
Greater N. Y. Irish A. C., at Celtic Park, L. |
Brooklyn A, C., at Maspeth. I. I
Long Island Odd Fellows, at Dexter Park, 1. !
New York Caledonian Club, at Washington Park,
Maspeth
United Bullding Trades Counc], at Baldwin Park,
Jersey City
Athletic meet at Hillside track, Belleville, No J
Shawnee Club, Twenty-ninth Assembly district, at
College Point, L. 1

YACHTING
Fal! regatta of the Larchmont Y. C. off Larchmont
Open regatta of the Atlantle Y. C. off tm
clubhouse at Sea Gate
Brooklyn Y. C. water sports off Gravesend
Jamaica Bay Y C. regatta on Jamaica Hay
Marine and Field Club races for smali boats of
Bath Beach
Manhasset Bay Y. C. races.
Special races of Huntington ¥.C
Seawanhaka Corinthian races for knockabou's
Kolckerbocker ¥. C. races.
Penataqult Corinthian Y. C. regatta

MODEL YACHTING

New York Model Y. C. spectal regatta
Races of the Brooklyn Model Y. ©,
American Moael Y. © regatta
Windward Y. © fall regatta
Wave Crest Miniature Y. C
Brooklyn Y. C. fall regatta.
Excelsior Y. © fall regatta
Bayswater Y, ©. ladies’ day re®atta.

CYCLING,

Cycle path handicap: twenty five miles on Coney
Island paths. Track races at Newburgh. N.Y, at
Vailsburg, N. J., at Morristowa. N. J. and at Red
Bank, N. J.

fall regatta

STOOTING,

ants jeep State Rifle Association meet at Sra
irt, N.
New Utrecht Gun Club at Interstate Park, Queens,

“ Foresters’ Gun Club at Newark, N. J
Fast Side Gun Club at Newark, N. J

LAWN TENNIS
Crescent A. C. tournament at Bay Ridge.
Kings County Club fall tournament at Brook yn
Sleepy Hollow tournament at Irvington-on Hudwe
Prospect Park tournament at Brooklyn

TROTTING.

At New Brunswick, N.J., at Hartford, Conn, ot
Hohokus N. J.,at East Norwich, lL. L, at Guiem
burg, N. J
RACING,

Isiand Jockey Oiubd at

Fall meeting of Coney

Sheepshead Bay, 1.
ROWINO.

Middie States Regatta Association at Harem

River.

 

Canarsie Yachts Race in a Gale.
A number of accidents occurred at the annual
fallopen regatta of the Canarsie Yacht (iud,
which was sailed yesterday off Sands Poin,
Jamaica Bay. The southwest wind developed

into a gale that split sails, snapped masis and
brought almost every boat over the line in 4

more or less damaged condition. The rae
was about ten miles. Fifteen boats started, &@
most immediately the mast of Hervert

Sparr’s Tam O'Shanta, snapped off close to (18
deck and her rigging and standing gear cane
down witharush, Then D. J. Rowers Pauine
B split her main sail off Waterman's Iran’
and retired. McGeehan's Siren wos a6
abled off Barren Island. Other yachts were
compelled to withdraw owing to
weather of Barren Island.

The Lillie 8, W. Scheer, Jamaica Pay }
Club, won the prize for the fastest tine

heavy)

acht
over

   

the course and the Jenne, Wo J. © t
alao of the Jamaica Bay Yacht Club, carried of
the second prize. The winners in ear ant
follow

Cabin Cats and Sloops— 20 to 30 feet—Irene, (anal

ale Yacht Club
an nu Cate—20 feet—Lillie S., Jamaica May Yacht
lub.
we Cats—16 to 20 feet—Ideal, Canarsie Yoctt
Clu

Football Notes.

The Auburn football team, champions of York
ville, Ia open to book games with all first-cinss tenne

y acing 110 or 115 pounds offering 5 .
ts ddress David Lowenthal, 25

tabie indy
at iaad

  

The Lafayette F.C
season, and will start active practice
‘The team will be managed by a con itter
of Willlam Candlish, captalr !
manager, andG Ridier, who are noe rr
games for al) Sundays in Getober and
any out-of-town team averaging 115 te i<
and offering suitable puarantess

sort open  piay in Central Park.
as Denning. 643 Columbus avenue,

hae organized for the comir’

Wectres