THE RUNNERS.

 

Gussie OF

srs OF THE PLATBUSH FUR-

cIpt
incl? yysi A LIVELY TOPIC,

as to Which Is the Champion

aestion “
m © Old Kematos OpenSurprise Ex-

 

|

Two-Year ;

pressed That Spencer Did Not Strike a

Line for Himself Some Extra Stakes,

The autumn racihé campaign in the metro- |

Nitan district has reached & highly inter-
J ewge and from now until the exodus
Or mu in the middle of November
. sport pr «ea to be brisk and high class,
aes 5 ai , Vacant date on the schedule
ia the ree stakes to be decided at Sheeps-
bead fy Gravesend and yet Morris Park con-
Sin enouah celebrities to keep enthusiasm alive
© tha end AN le niaterial is also available
rr the exira sMeKker framed by the executive
of the Westchester acing Association and
named after such BD pular equine stars as Bon-
pibert, Giymplan, Ballyhoo Bey, Commando
and Ethelbert :

The tneidents of the Flatbush Stakes were
threaed out yesterday at the Long Island
tracks or wherever else horsesnen or regular
racegoers COnRIhE sted. There ia atill a wide
difference opinion as to the responsibility
for the fouling but the majority agree with
the stewards and Indorse their action in setting
MoJoynt dow When the race was rehearsed
calmly among disinterested trainers it became
more aud more dimticult for the Spencerians to
explain how the Keene Jockey and Burns on
Alard Scheck could possibly have been inter-
fered with by 4loan. It was @ rattle-brained
affair at the best, In which the rider of Bally-
hoo Bey seemed to be the only
one to keep his head. There was

yn earth which could. induce

g {non the rall when he had
ing on top.of the track and clear
veeline forthe finish. Neither
ing evidence that he did
. ment of the other horses,
torna and Spencer. On the con-
s every reason to belleve that
is wide a berth as he could to
ung artiste
rite cours® {a constructed to
twenty or even more horses
cas especially used on Sat-
tual eonsent of stewards,
rainers for the purpose of avold-
est possibility of orowding. And

ithe wide expanse of track seemed

  
 

jet

 

 

o's ag hut a little groove hetween
inje on the rall_or an equally treacherous
thatwaen the Morria colt and Alard Scheok,
Tommy Atku was certainly. interfered
wit! it nterference probably cost him
the fe That fact ia generally admitted
and aa noeded that the erratic runnio
or handina of Smile at the critical moment o}
the trout was responsible But few peo-
ple cat derstand what brought Spencer
messing Ar ithe tais of two hopeless out-
siders when he bad the whole track axcept the
five feet occupied by Ballyhoo Bey at his dis-
oaal «The view taken by several shrewd
edges is that “the jceman’ rode a poorly

d paid the penalty. He almoat
tedeemed hirnself by a brilliant finish, but it
warcely compared with Sloan's, as Tod's colt
early in difficulties after being cut down

Judged race ar

was | ¢
badiy, and ran the rest of the race on his in-
herited courage and stamina

The question arising from all thie is Which
colt of the year can be fairly crowned the cham-
plontwo-year-old Onactual results the honor
clearly belongs to Ballyhoo Bey, but unfor-
unately his double triumph, especially the

atbush victory, was not decisive enough
to placethe matter beyond dispute and the colt
is (n no condition, at least for Some weeks to go
to the post again, © an effort to malitain his
supremacy. Thecuton hisnear foreleg will take
time to heal anditmay then be too late to work

Imback to the fine edge with which John E.

adden sent hin to the post. [tis also a question
whether Tommy Atkins is really the best in
the Keene barn and the future contests for
which all the rival two-year-olds on undoubte

¢ scheduled will be watched with redoubl
terest

A genuine holiday card awaits patrons of
Bheepshead Bay this afternoon. It is practi-

ly an all-star programme with three stakes

‘own for decision. The first special feature
fe the Autumn of $8,000, for two-year-olds at
eix furlongs, in which the eligibles inclu
seven from the Keene stable, but the only one
of the combination named in Saturday night's
list {9 Conroy. Other prominent entries are
J. FE. Madden's Longshoreman, the Morris
grothers: Smile and the Canadian colt, Far

ockaway

The Autumn will be followed by the Twin
Qty Handicap, wth 83.500 added, for three-
year-olds and upward, wth such publio fav-
ries as Kinley Mack, Ethelbert and Jack
loint at the head of the list, Then as a pic-

reaque sequel comes the Westbury Steeple-
chase for which #&X good crogs-country per-
formers are named to go.

Secretary H |). Melntyre of the Brooklyn
Jockey Club has issued the prospectus for the
coming autumn meeting at Gravesend, which
{a scheduled to run from Bept. 11 to Sept. 29,

 

The specialties include
The Junior Champion Stakes of $15,000, for two-
years ds, atata furiong

A
The First Special. with $2,800 added, for three-
yrarol pward, atone mile and a quarter.
The Willow Stakes, with $1,00Q added, for two-
d filles. at fre and a half furlongs.
The Speculation Stakes, selling, with $1,000 added,
ree-year-ouds and upward, atone mile and a

Holly Handicap, with $1,000 added, for two-

tive and «a half furlongs

{ Special, with $2,400 added, for three-

} t pward. atone mile anda half

The Sea Hreere Stakes, with $1,000 added, for three-

! a sixteenth.

‘ rile Handicap, with $1,000
eat olds and upward, at one mile

 

  
 

  
    
  
 

takes, with $1,000 added, for two

have not won $1,000 up to date of
with $1,500 added, for three

sand a furlong,

lrchase Handicap, with $1,000

lds and upward, about two

. with $1,000 added, for two-
not won $1,000 up to date of entry;

lakes of $2,000, for two year-olds;

1! Handicap, with $1,500 added, for

and a furlong,

Hancieap, with $1,000 added, for
$ about six furlongs
¢ Stakes, with $1,000 added, for three-

pward, about sts furlongs
Stakes, with $1,000 added, for three-
{sta furlongs
ani \lew Lianateap, with $1,900 added, for
< one mile and a sixteenth
t Har dicap of $2,500, for two-year-
nes
ndicap of $2,500, for all ages; one

 

  

   

 

Whester Racing Association an-
ra list of stakes to be run at the
1 October and to close by mid
i This really means
usually three blank
ib headquarters and
news for horsemen who
)Aion8 About winter feed bills
s events are classified as fol

   

should be welconie

. (1g a
About thea I

RE RUN ON FRIDAY, OCT. 5

ng Hurdle Race for three-year-olds and

s this year, by subscription of
nol for starters, to the winner

wances; one mile and a half over

‘ aidit

 

 

 

   

tel he bulbert Handleap for two-year-olds; maidens
wit 3 ‘€ Started excluded; same entry conditions;
Withers a ded; last sis and a half furlongs of the
aut Fons ine. for three-year-olds and
ead oe OOO In 1000, same entry
hditlons all ae
One of ihe W silowances, last six fur
pred ad Stand Handicap for three-yearolds and
Wonal " h of $19 each and $10 addi
ee ts Alarters the winner, with 8850 added;

over the Withers course
PUN NONDAY, ocr, &

Handicap for twoyearolds and
WiUNeLS ¢ { $2,000 tn 1900, by subseription
and $10 additional for starters, to the win

   
 
  

‘Wh $700 added. last seven furlongs of the With

‘Ymplan for maiden two-yearolda at the

&. sate entry conditions and value;
Aer cosing, Sept. i7, not eligible; any sub-
paid to be refunded. last five and a half

 

  
 

 

Sof he Withers mile

te-winnese 10) Bev tiandieap for two-yearoldas;
(tons re te $1 SO atthe thine of entry, same con
ders mile ast Sik and a half furlongs of the
Ove; ‘
Yard yee Hu Jlandicnp for three-yearolds and up-
10 slater ” pion of $19 each and $10 additional
tnd @ siateent va ve ' we $459 added; one mile
fe TO BE RUN MONDAY, OCT. 1h

coh ndas "

drag’, Monday Handicap for two-year-olds and
Won of 88 ee ners of $2,000 in 1900; by subserip-
Winner w - ; ‘ ea ‘ditional for starters, to the
lees of tees sided, last seven and a half fur

OF the Withers mile
omr

don mene ar Selling Race for two year-olds;
fondit one ar ye at tine of entry, same entry

hroges Ne Yale allowances: Felipse course,
Yard: y * sellng, for three vear olds and up

OM-witiners of $1,200 In 1AWM oF

i value, Withers mile,

rtwoyear olds and upward; non
‘a4 Or 100) by subseripiion of

‘editional for starters, to the win-

‘ec two mniles, Withers course,

1900, same

   

Maidens, 2 years old: $600 added;
‘ow the scale; last five furlongs

 

 

    

thew f Surity Course
OMe y) zi

ne Carnellan...., 112
Gautama...... e
eee ssa
tip 1b 1 TOLD « © « citese 112
Her, as : 2} Golden Bay, 12
ink ; 2 Algora 109
Moca 2 Rowdy 109
Co. Pag OT err. 108
do, : Kimberly soocee 100
Sah. Alcyome IL. .....4...108
i eee 100
& a Margaret Hoffman. . .109

Por S-year-olds and over: selling

| tingent put

  
  
 
 
  
 

  
 
 

 
  

seven furlongs on the

     
 

 

   

poeecenccens 110 | Rinaldo... ........,100
Ae +A iste Barnes... .....100
arploas..... » 107 aur ter beeenesieues 100
¢ Provost. . ». 406 ly Whethoff......100
nomastus,.........106| Kitenener. . «+1 ++-.. 100
pivunde..., in id wood toes  &
"ere Tester Wieeos
ine. eee oceees 104 Shorenam..... 6. cers o4
VOUPOD cess e eee 10; pee covers
andleblack.......... 108 | Federalist. ...... 84
iigh Jinks 103

 

Third Rece— Autumn stakes for 2-year-olda; $3,000

guaranteed; penalties and allowances; sia furlongs
on the new Futurity Course,

Far Hockaway......120| Yomasaee.... -. 108
Conroy ee 1227 Smile. . 108
Longshoreman 108, Menry Clay Rye.... 108

Fourth Race—Twin City Mandicap for d-year-olda
and over; $8,600 added; one mile and a quarter on
the main track.

   

   

 

Crews Arrive From Many Cities for Middle
States Regatta To-day~Order of Events.

 

nnor %

 

    

FOR OSCAR.
BERNARD ZAHN'S TROTTER BEATS
CURLEW AND T. N. B.

 

 

Matches May Fellow Informal Speed Trials
~Rivalry Between the Owners of Dundess
and T. N. B.—Mrush Between Freeland
and Glenmere Boy an Even Thing—Gossip.

“Now whatshould we do,” said one of the
vetorans of the Speedway yesterday, as he was
reating on the porch of one of the roadhouses,
“witha prominent horseman who will try to
slip on to the Speedway with an automobile?”

No one seemed to understand what the old

He Likes plenty of company, If I could tinda
couple of pacers that could go fast enough and
ust as | would like them to go for pacemakers,
would think more of his chances for making «

Kinley Mack... .. 130 | Decanter. «+... .. +0. 107 | reinsman was “driving at,” and his question
pel, Points. ses... 118] Lady Massey........108 went unanswered, He then explained that
pate! ih Pir whip ' 1 George Ketcham, trainer and driver of the
Charentus . 108 | Kiilachandra, 09 | greatest stallion of the year, Cresceus, 2:06,
Fifth Race—Weatbuty Steeplechase Handicap for | had slipped around through byways and
aw and over, $1,200 added; full steeplechase | gronped at the Dyckman street end of the great
Gharagrace c+. ss.s.. 156 | Mars Chan ....ce...142 / ative. He appeared to enjoy the looks of con-
a ‘achelor.... 155 | George Keene veooo hae | sternauion when he told them that he had
Wee se ees cvereree 146 | Old TANK sses+, srl 83 |) ridden up in one of the horseless vehicles.
Siath Race—Froe Handicap for s-yeat-olds and Ketel t .

over; $1,000 added; one mile and a sisieenth on the | Ketcham squared himself, however, by promis-
turf. {og that as soon as the trotting season is over
IMP. sce erreee 128 | Peaceful. he will bring Creaceus to New York and drive

trusive... +117 | Compensation thi .

‘aaimo Gom "th4! Ene Amazon m for a time on the Speedway,
pecanyer. crag,seee +108 | Gen. Mart Gary Mr. Ketcham sald that Cresceus was more of a
Sale tan | eee $3 | Tacehorse than an exbibition animal, “It is
First Whip... 100 | possible,” he said, “that Cresceus might lower
_—— the stallion record against the’wateh; but he
ROWING. might not do it with a running pacemaker.

!

Hariem River oaramen were busy yesterday

putting the finishing touches to the prepara- | Abbott?" was asked

tions for the big regatta of the Middle States
R. A., which will take place over the historic
course from Macomb's Dam Bridge to Gate's
lumber yard to-day. The entries are larger
than in any year except 1508, and there will be
racing of the most spirited character from
9.20 A. M. until 6:20 P. M.

A dozen cluts with headquarters other than
on the Harlem will be represented, and the
main inverest yesterday centred in the work
done by the visitors. They began to arrive
on Saturday night and were quartered with

the different organizations along “scullers’
row.” The roomy boathouse of the Union
B. C. sheltered a large contingent In

addition w C. S. Titus, the New Orleans single
sculer who has been there for some time, the
Staten Island B. C. junior eight, Vesper B. C.

junior double and Crescent B. C. of Philadel-
phia intermediate four gig and senior four
shell crews boated from the Union house yes-
terday, At the Dauntiess, which adjoins the
Union house, the Pennsylvania B. C. con-

up theg consist of Hugh
Monaghan, the senior sculler; A. C. McCloskey,
unfor sculler; E. H. Mount and A. K. Elton,
unior pair and intermediate double,and M.

ng and f. H. Walker Junior doubie.
I. Mason of the Passaic B. C., entered tn the
snior singles, Is alao at the Dauntless. “
Vest Philadelphia B.C. Junior eight is quartered
at the Lone Stara, A. G. Keane of the New
York A. C., who will try for intermediate single
honors, will boat from the Nonpareil house
ith Anderson and Zimm, junior double, and
the four centipede crew of the sameclub. The

ew Rochelle four-oared gig crew, stroked by
RB. B. Badeau, is also at the "Nons.” | Tha Clifton
B. C. of Staten Island junior four and eight-

oared gevs have been at the Harlem ‘ C.
house for two weeks, while the Varuna B. (.
centipede crew, F. D. Mackey, stroke, an

Henr) Hilbers, Jr, of the Wahnetah B. C. o
Flushing, single sculler, is at the Wvyanoke.
The Potomac B. C.of W ington, Junior eight,

d not arrive until yesterday afternoon. he
crew put up at the wane B.C. house and went
out for a spin shortly after its arrival.

n spite of the large number of crews from
other cities the local oarsmen are confident

| made a show of him. [|

that they will carry off a maiority of the prizes, |

Nearly all the visiting crews Were out in the
morning, but their ual

gauged, as they confined their efforts to easy
work, with the {dea of becoming accustomed
to the tides, Very little work was done by
the Harlem crews, as most of the trials were
rowed on Saturday last or earlier in the week.
The Metropolitans are brimiy of confidence
that their eight-oared crew will win the junior
event, for which there are five entries The
“Mets” are the only Harlein River lot in the
race, but her are willing to Wager even money
that they will beat any of the crews against
them, and that offer found no takers yeater-
day A «reat race is anticipated between the
senior eights of the Dauntless and Bohemana,
no clubs from other cities have entered against
them and the race will practically be for the
championship of the Harlem River,

There {is expected to be a larger morning
crowd at the regatta than usual, as the races
before lunch will be rowed with the tide from
Gates's lumber yard to McComb’s Dam _ Bridge
with the finish almost opposite the group of
boat houses from 148th to 152d streets, where
large balconies present excellent accommoda-
tion for viewing the races. Two final heats
will be deolded in the morning and the trials
include the heats for the senior single sculls in
which half a dozen cracks are entered The
order of events follows

9: 20—Intermediate single sculls, first heat.

9 40— Intermed! singl* sculls, second heat

10:00— Junior palr oars, Onal heat

10:20—Juplor single sculls, first heat

160:40—Junlor single aculls, second heat

1t: 0+Senior single sevlis, Oret heat

 

 

11:20-Senior single sculls, second heat.
11:40—Juntor centipede, final heat
1:20--Intermediate double seulls, final heat
1.490—Juntor quarter-mile dash, final heat,
2:00~ Intermediate four-oared gig. final heat
2.20--Juntor double sculls, first heat
2:40—Juntor double sculls, second heat.

$:00—Juntor elght-oared shell, Anal heat

A:2 —Intermediate single seulia, Ona! beat

3:4) —Senior single sculls, final heat

4:00—Junior single sculls, final heat

4:20— Senior four oared shelis, Onal heat

4:40—Junlor double senlis, final beat

6:00—Junior four oared gig, final heat

5:20—Senior eight-oa@red shell, final heat.

Julius D, Mahr, chairman of the N. A, A. O,
Regatta Committee, has received a letter from
Secretary [red Fortuneyer stating that the
crew of the Vesper B. C., which won the eight-
oared race at the International Regatis on the
Seine, would sail from Havre on La Bretagne
Sept. 1. Fortmeyer will return on the New
York, leaving Southampton next Saturday,

 

Baseball Games To-day.

NATIONAL LEAGUE AND AMFRICAN ASSOCIATION,

Chicago at Brooklyn, A. M. and P, M; Cineinnati at
New York two games), P M.; St. Louls at Philadel.
phia, A. Meand P. M.; Pittsourg at Boston, A. M.
and P.M

FASTERN LEAGUR

Montreal at Toronto, A.M and P. M,; Providence
at Worcester, A. M.; Worcester at Providenee, P. M.;
Springfeld at Hartford, A M.: ilartford at Spring-
field, P. M.; Rochester at Syracuse, A. M.; Syracuse
at Rochester, P. Af.

OTHER GAMES,

Marions vs. Morrts Plains, at Perth Amboy, A. M.

Resolutes vs, Bay Ridge, at Prospect Park,

St. Paul #8 Nationals, at Prospect, Park.

Verona va Holy Cross Lyceum, at Verona.

Allendale ws. Norwich A. C., at Allendale.

Unions vs CadetA. A., at Canarsie, A. M. and P.M.

Englewood F. C. vs Kuiekerbocser B. B.C. at

Engl wood

Englewood F. C. (second team) va Phi Alpha

atSouth Brother Island, A. M.

Kappa, at Englewood.
Bronx vs. Prisclilas
Bronx vs. Hovecks, at South Brother Island, P. M.
Ozones vs. Utlea A. C., at Orone Park,
South Brother Island F. C. ¢s. Suburbana, at
South Brother Island.
Montclair A. C. vs. Watsersing A.C. at Montclair.
Mint F.C. vs. Tigers, at Harlem.
Pieree #8. Savoys, at Harlem
arareen Beach A.G vs Arcadias, at Bergen Beach,
{

 

 

Bergen Beach vs. Newtuwn Grays, at Bergen
Beach, P.M
ldiewllds vs. Prospect A. C., at Harlem, A. M.
lolewllds vs Dauntless A C.. at Harlem, P. M.
Monarch A. C_ 8 Silver Stars, at Brooklyn, A. M.
— A C. e& Mercury A. C,, at Brooklyn.
>
Johnstowns ws, West Side A. ©, at West Bergen.
— vs Loyola's, at Westfield, A. M. and
Darien vs Brigbtons, at the Darien grounds.
Lancaster F. C, vs Laurel A. C., at Brooklyn,

A.M
p greomer F. C, ve Prospect F. C., at Brooklyn,

Elions vs. Orloles, at Westchester, A. M. and P. M.

West Farms Y. M. ©. A. ¥8. Priscillas, at Williams:
bridge

Lecaturs vs. Essex, at Hariem, A. M.

Decaturs vs Actives, at Harlem, P. M.

Manhattan Club married men vs, single men, at
Claussen Pont.
pot Aloysius vs. Mercury A. C., at Van Cortlandt

ar

Central Jr's. vs. Boscobels, at Harlem, A. M.

Central Jr's vs. Montauks, at Harlem, P. M

Neptune va Pearsall A. C., at Greenville.

Orange A. C. we. Knickerbocker A. C., at Orange
Oval, A.M

Orange A.C. ¥s. State Hospital of Morris Plains, at
Orange Oval, P.M

Nertune A. C, of Jersey City v8 Pearsall A.C, at
Jersey Clty, A M

Rocuvilie Centre ws. Murray Hill, at Rockville

Centre, A, M.
Hil, at Hempstead, P. M.

Hew pstead vs. Murra
Cranford vs. Linden A, C,, at Cranford, A. M
Cranford vs. Star A. C., atCraniord PM

Rahway Y. M.C. A. vs. Jaspers, at Rahway.

Crown A.C, va St Joseph Lyceum, at Jasper
Oval, A. M.

Crown A. C. vs. East Side Y. M.C. A. at Jasper
Oval, P.M

Alerts vs Jaspers, at East New York.

Empires vs. Jersey Cubans, at Empire Park, A. M.
andP. M

Irvingtons vs. Woodside, at Shooting Park, A.M

Irvingtons vs. Little Giants, at ooting Park,
P.M

Howard A.C. va, Bx-Howard A. C.. at Bast New
York, A.M

Howard A. C. vs Lenox BL, BC, at East New
York. PM
«tials mood Inn vs Mount Vernon A.C, at Mount
fernon A. M

Hollywood Inn wa Everett College B. BO, at
Yonkers, P. M

Oritan! F. ©. vs, Lenox B. B. C., at Hackensack.
Prudential B. BOC ve. Rutherford F.C., at Ruth-
erford, A M. and P. M.

ity could scarcely be |

new world's record for trotting stallions,”
“What do you think he could do with The

“Well, [ don't know what he would dg fp a
match; but I wouldlike to give The Abbott a
race.

Cresceus {s now at Hartford for the Charter
Oak Park meeting, and will be at the Empire
City track next week.

The Speedway was in fairly good shape yes-
permer and there were some good brushes,
but the weather, while somewhat cooler than
last Sunday, was still too hot for pleasure.
Bernard Zain, who has been keeping things
pretty lively on the drive with Osear this sum-
er, again covered hisneelf with glory and
won every brush in which he was a contest-
ant He fig ired as victor in one of the most
Ntereeting brushes of the day, wiih B.D. Wil-
iam's Curlew. lt wase hard drive down to the

bridge, much to the oaica Gon of the few epecta-
tors) Oscar had the speed to win, but Curlew
made the finish close. Later Dr. David Ran-

dall, with bis pacer, T. N. B, tackled the re-
doubtable Oscar and was beaten at the bridge.
There was some argument over the brush and
@ match race may be the resuit. It is also
omaha that a match may be made between
jenry Zaho's crack mare, Dundeas, and T. N.B
This pair had a very warm argument a week
ago. Mr Zahn says he won with Dundess and
Dr Randall says the sane forT SB

“To show that I am right,” said Dr. Randall
vestarcay, “I will make a match to go against

Junde es atany time for any part of $500, owners
to urive ”

As Mr. Zahn had left when the challenge
was mace, nothing came of the offer. Dun-
deas, however, will not be driven for a few
days on account of an injury to one of her
hind ankles. Mr Zahn urove E. J. Curry's
trotter, Boston Belle, yesterday

M. J. Leonard urove hig pacer, King Fe-
bert, to a bike runabout. When he drove up
the spee ing stretch, it. was his Intention
simply to look on: but as he was jogging back,
a young man driving a one-eye: nag that looked
very much like a mustang, mace a play at him
In telling about the brush Mr. Leonard said:

“When I saw that the young man was so
anxious for a go, I started up and would have

was on_ the a?
and had not even got going, when I was made
aware of the pot man's nasi to handle
his horse safely. 6 nearly crowded me onto
the sidewalk twice, so [ pulled up and told him
to go ahead and win will alive that kind of a
driver the right of way every time. There are
a lot of men anxious to get into the brushing

ame who would derive great benefit from a
ew lessons by an expert reinaman. The man-
ner in which some of the horses are sculled
up and down the speeding stretch makes it
absolutely dangerous at times.”
One of the prettiest brushes of the day was
between EF. 8. Pierce of New Haven with Free-
land and John Donley with his gray hero, Glen-
mere Boy. Mr. Pierce comes down from his
Connecticut home almost every Sunday and
he usually gives a good account of himself
He overtook Glenmere Roy yesterday_under
High Bridge, heading for ho.ie. Mr. Donley
agrge to give him @ race to the macadam

the foot of the hill. It was the best driven

ruse of the day. For the entire distance
the horses were as close together as though
they were hitched to a pole and POeA, Stivers
did all they could to gain the lead. When the
reached the foot of the hill, they were atill
level and the drivers agreed to call it a “stand-

)
ft

M. Gelseman, who has fust returned from a
trip to the old country, was out with a good
looking bay to a bike cart, but did not do a great
deal of fast work, Mr. Abbot drova his fast
chestnut stallion, Mantara, by Alcantara. C. C
Lloyd drove Malzour_ on a jog, Mr. Kendall
stepped his favorite, MclIvor, easily as far as
Dyckman street and back. A. F. Thompson
drove his prown gelding. Watcheye, which
will be one of the contestants in the road wagon
nace at the Empire City track next week Mr.
pas drove a handsome pair, as did Mr.

oe,

Cc. R Jarvie went up to the Empire City track
Saturday evening with the trotter Col. More
land, which cut quite a figiire on the Speedway
last week, and etepped him two niles yester-
day morning in 226% and 2:25'4. He is bein

prepared for the 222 trot at the Road Drivers
matinee next Saturday. Col. Moreland is the
horse that the late C. F. Bates bought as a mate
to Latitude.

c. K. G. Billings, the popular Chicago road
driver, is expected to arrive here with his string
of horses [n time for the matinee next Sature
day. The programme for the matinee at the
Guttenburg track to-morrow includes’ the
match race between Laylight and Pearl J
for $10 a side. Another interesting special
feature will be the attempt of Mra. AH. D. Gill
tp beat the wagon record made with a woman

river.

THREAT TO STOP POOL SELLING.

Horsemen Anxiousiy Await the Opening Day
at Charter Oak Park.

HartForp, Conn., Sept. 2.—The many horse
men who are here to-night from all over tbe
country to attend the week's harness racing at
Charter Oak Park are anxiously awaiting the
events of to-morrow, the opening day. The
threat of the Law and Order League to raid the
pool selling and the petition of West Hart-
ford residents, presented to the = anu-
thorities of that town and Hartford
yesterday, uraing them to enforce the law, has
led to the belief teat trouble may be expected

it is persistently rumored that if the pool sell-
ing ia stopped to-morrow that will be the end
of the meet. When Andy Welsh was asked by
arepresentative of TAR Stn what hathougnt
of the efforts againat the pool selling he said:
“Well, it isn't worth replying to. We
have not replied to the = attacks
far and don't believe it is worth while
I do not wish to give the impression
that we want to retaliate or anything of the
sort, but of course if the people around here
regard the race: as @ nuisaroe why we shall
have to take them somenhere else. I know
that the  hostil feeling is not gen-
eral, for 1 have been approached by
some of the lerding business men of
Hartford, who assured me that they are notin
the movement against the park, In fact, you
may sav that there has alrendy been started a
counter petition, which will contain twenty
rigvatures where the other contains one, and
the signers are responsible business men.”
Welch was Informed that there wa- a rumor
in cireulation to the effect that if pool sell ng

    

a0;

was stopped the first day of the races there |

would be no more given. Inreply ‘0 this he
said the managerrent had not discussed
that matter. “But it could be done
though,” he added reflectively “A special
train could be arranged for and _ the
whele thine transferred to New York
State for $500. Pools could be sold there

leg! imately and the whole programme coud
be carried out But have no! thought of
of such a pian nor given it any considera-
tion. We have colways tried to run the
races within the law as near As pos-
sible and always iniend to doso, We have
never allowed ary games there or anything of
that eort, and have conducted everything on
the square.”

Hartford business men are indignant at the
attempt to drive the roces away, as they are a
source of much revenue to the city

Yachting Notes.

A match race between two of the crack sharples of
the Old Mil Yacht Club Was decided yesterday on
Jamaica over a six-mile course. The starters were
the Viola, 18 feet, 2 inches, John Hayden, and the
Dill Nye M. Kovft, 16 feet 4 inches. tt Was 4 food
start, with the Bill Nye astern, Dut she outfooted her
rival in the run to the first buoy and came home
under double reefs, winning by a comfortable margin.

A special regatta of the newone-desig¢n knockabout
elass of the Marine andField Club was salled on Sat-
urday off tie clubhouse atGiavesend Bay, The
Juingue, Smith and Nililtard: Kelpie W. K. Brown;

lying Fos, Buckman and Cone, Sweetheart, F. B
Fiske Skylark, lL. 3. Eaton; Vixen, D. F. Grace, and
Stinger, A FP. Clarp. were the sterters. The course
was abort nine miles. All crossed the line within 18
seeonds, ‘Ih Kelpie blanketed the Stinger and got
the weather gusge inthe first round only to lose it to
the Quinque inthe next round. The latter won with
the Kelpie second

Horses, Harness and Carriages,

No better market is open to vou, providi
ur goods are reliavie, than the Tenders of
HE SUN.—Adv.

 

(rr

nienncemeutnennadl

TASMANIA?

MONDAY,

TALI ES

wv
ER

   
  

 

Varden Wins and Loses at Newport—Other

Games.

Newport, Sept. 2.—-There was some inter
esting golf to-day on the Newport links, the
former English champion, Harry Vardon, and
Aleo Findley appearing and taking a part in
two matches, In beth Varden played against
the beat ball of two opponents and in one he
was victorious, beating the pair of amateurs,
but when he went against two professionals
they were too much for him, The news that
they were to play soon spread through the cot-
tage colony and several hundred persons gath-
ered to watch the play. In the morning the
match was Harry Vardon against K, C. Watson
apd (. Aitchoock, Jr. It was Vardon's first
appearance on the Newport links, and con-
sidering that everything was new to him he
put up a good game, making a 38 and #.
Watson and Hitchcock were lost in such fast
company and were somewhat excited, but they
put up astrong game and Vardon had to work
to win. Vardon started out in a very prilliant
manner and for the firat four holea beat the
bogey score of each and at the fourth he missed
a put for a 2. On the sixth he got in the
bunker and the seventh pulled the ball in the
stone wall only to get outintothe bunker. His
long puts were fine, but he was weak on short
ones. At the end of the first nine Vardon was
Sup and the match was dormie 2, the seven-
teenth hole being halved, which gave the match

to Vardon. The last hole was glared and
Vardon lost it on a short put. or Watson
and Hitchcock the ball of the latter was usually

   

   

the beet. The cards were:
Vardon—
OUlewserererns 3433466 4 5— 88
In as 45436 6 5S @ 4— 40— 78
Watson and Hitchocock—
OWE ee 45 444656 8 5S 5 30
In tttumet 2688 8 8 6 he Se
In the afternoon Vardon again tried to play

against the best ball of two welkknown
players, Alec Findley and Robert Stromer,
the latter the club's professional, but he was
not ao fortunate, and lost the match, his op-
ponents winning by a score of 4 up and 2 to

ay. Vardon did not play as good a gaine as
6 did in the morning aud then Stronner had
a great advantage over him fn that he knew
the course. The “galery” that followed this
match was the largest ever seen on the New-
fort links and a brilliant play by any_of the
hree was the sign for warm applause, Findley
and Stronner both played a cone game, the
latter in partioular driving well and being very
accurate in putting down long puta. Findley
was especially good on his approach shots,
The beat ball of the two gave them two 36's,

it being the best score for the course! The
cards were
Findley and Strouner—
Out oe8 8 239468 8B G— 86
In seaceeed 663 5 5 & & B= B6— 72
Vardon—
Out 46345 68 4 4 5 40
In... - severe 4438386 68 7 4 4— 80— 79

The play-off for the cups offered by Reginald
Brooks tor the Scotch foursomes was also de-
cided, the home pair, Keginald. Brooks and A,
M. Coats, Winning by a score of 8 up and 2 to

 

play, Their scores:

R. Brooks and A. M. Coats—

Out . §63484 485 6 4 8 39
in... 83658 8 46 4 4 8 86— 75
A.M. Beyers and ©. Hitchcock, Jt.—

Out... .ccces $3533 44 46 b= 89
Davee ccvnixsatins 55 #45 6 4 5 S— 4i— 80
AMPERSAND, Sept. 2.—The_ third annual
tournament of the Ampersand Golf Club began
esterday morning. The entry was large,
fty-six players participating in the qualifying

round. ercy Pyne, the intercollegiate cham-
pion, won the gross score prize, with U.S, Han-
som of the Albany Country Club two strokes
behind. The first round was plared in the
afternoon and some great matches were brought
out, Filman Tiffany, the young Newbur

crack, had a hard time disposing of Conklin
tt 2 up and 1 to play. The match between
>yne and Hugh Miller was the gnost perieo

seeti on the course

& lf ever th fthuishe:

the first round in 80 and were all even. The
second round was followed by a “gal-
lery” of at least 150, and at the eix-
teenth hole the match was all square

Miller made the seventeenth hole, 370 yards,
in 8, which Is two under begey. Things looked blue
for Pyne The Princeton man, however, ran
down a fiftean-foot put on the last green for a
Sand again matters were oven. The extra hole
was played in a perfect 4 by Miller, who won
the match by 1 up Both men ait the eight4en
holes in76, which Is two strokes unvJer the record
held by W. J. Travis. These who qualified
for the Ampersand cup were:

Perey Pyne, 66; C. 8S. Ransom, 58; A. W. Rossiter,
(HH Lindatey, 00; J. A. Blair, Jr., 01; H. S. Naylor,
03: R. H. Mainzer, 04; H. Demarest, 95; Hugh Miller
08; Ernest White, 03; H. L. Conklin, 06,G. P. Tiffany,
96: C. F. Cole, 97; J. Naething, 06; A. Lehman, 05;
T. Lindsley, 94.

First Round-C. 8. Ransom beat T. Lindsley, 5 u

and 3 play; Hugh Miller beat Perey Pyne, 1 ups)

holes); A Rossiter beat H. S. Naylor, 2 up; HH.
Lindsley beat Demarest, 4 up and 2 to play; J
Naething beat R. H. Mainger, 7 up and 4 to piay

Ernest White beat C. F. Cole, 2 up; Gilman ‘Iiflany
heat H. L. Conklin, 2 upand | to play; J. A. Blair, Jr,
beat A. Lehman, 7 up 4nd 5 lo play.

 

 

The sentors yesterdar de-
feated the juniors i2 up im the team match,
which is the second match which has been
played in the Cape May links this seison,. The
first match was won 30 up. showing marked
improvement in the plasing. The score fol-
lows; ¢
Seniors—R.W. Harrey, 9; E. Rodgers, 0; A. B. Mil-

CAPE May, Sept. 2

ler, 0: Wo M Alien, 4; E& PF. Cooke, 0; T W. East
wick, 3; E. K. Mispham, 0; J. A. Bensock, 7; J. ©.
Beil, 2 Total, 25

Juntors--C. B. Calvert, 0; Alexander Wilifams, 1

iH peep oere. G. H. Shearer, Jr., 0; Jobn | Rod
gers, Jr, 8, J. Large, », G. V. Smith, 1; G. W. Hays,
0; W. L. Hurst," Total, 12
In the weekly elghteen-hole handica Qos.
terday thesccres made in classes A and i were:
Class A.J. F. Lucas, 83, 0-74; Thomas W. East-
wick, 85, 7—78; F. F. Stokes, 87, 8-79: H. B. Hep
burn, 44, 4-80; G.V. Smith, 88, 7—81; Cecil Calvert,
BA, 4242: G. H. shearer, Jr., 87, 5-82; W. 1. Hurst,
va, 5—85; Elliott Rodgers. 50, 2-87; Waler Thayer,

Frank A. Sartord, 92,3—89; John L. Rod
ers, Jr., 95, 6-49; John DB. Large 07, 8—A9; Frank
Miler, 101, 19-@1: Dr. C N. Davia, 108, 1o—95;
Aleaander Wiillams, 193, 6-97

C'ass B—Owen [s. Powell, 06. 20—76; Willard Hall

87, 0-87

Porter, 94, 14—80; J. C. Pusey, 101, 20-81; Thomas
Cochran, 08, 18—48; CH. Henry, 08, 14-84; Sam
uel Bispham, 04, 14—84; F. Faust, 100, 15-88: RN,
Williams, 97, 11-86; C. B. Frite, 103, 16-57; W. S,
Clawson, 100, 11-88; Dr. Frank A. Craig, 118, 20—
93, Frank Rogers, 110, 16-94; GN. Coleman, 114,
20-04; CL. Matthews 112, 16-96; Ellis Jackson,

116, 19—07; E. C. Rutsebman, 122, 18—104.

PITTSFIELD, Sept 2—The preliminary round
the match piay for the Bshop cup offered
by the late David Wolfe Bishop of New York
was plaved yesterday on the Lenox course,
‘here were fifteen entries and eleven returned
ecards, The concitions were thirty-six holes
medal play, the best eight scores to qualify
Ernest A. Thompson tie cup holder, who won

 

the cup in 1808, made new records for the
course in competition both for the eig)teen and
thirty-six holes. His putting was remarkable
If Tiompson wins the tournament the cup
becomes his property. The scores:

Firat Second

Round, Round. Total,
iE. A. Thompson.... »» $0 189
S. Frothingbam ove 88 aA 171
D. T. Dana - 85 97 182
JW. Burden.. 95 ot 184
©, De R, Moore - 93 93 186
lL. Pairiax - 03 u4 186
OC, GOAMIN. 6. cece os ws 149
5S, P. Shaq........- veces OF 92 169
H. R. Taylor soveeee DOD 96 197
J. Sloane, Jr eeeeee 103 104 207
J.C. Greenleat .....cseeeess 100 108 203

MANCHESTER, Sent. 2.-In the match play of
the women's tournament held on the Ekwanok
links here yesterday for a_cup presented by
Mrs Walter Gorham of Philadelphia, Miss
Eddy defeated Miss Talbot, Miss Cassard beat
Miss Hicks, Miss Sullivan. won from Miss
Prentice, and Miss Willing defeated Miss Mer-
rtt Inthesemi-finals Mise Cassard beat Mi-«
Eddy and Miss Wilding. A men's cun for the
best net 36-hole score was won by Dr. Burn-
ham. The scores:

Dr, Clark Burnham, 174, 4-

170; P. W, Water-

man, 186, 12-174; Cieorge H. Thatcher, Jr, 179,
4-175; T. BE. Brown, 18!, 4—177; George H.
Thacher i8, &—160; If. B. McQueen, 200, 29-180;

J. H. Merritt, 186,5—181; H. W. Brown, 166,5—181.

 

HARTFORD, Sept. 2.- Charles BE. Chase of Hart-
ford won the firat prize cupin the Saturday
series of handicap matches opened at Fenwick
yesterday. Morgan G Bulkley, dr., oi Hartfor
won the second. He was tied with G. K. Dustin
for the; lace, but won the play off. There were
twenty-five entries,and the soores of the first six
were

Charles F. Chase, 105, 26—798: Morgan G. Bulkley
100, 13—87: G. K. Dustin, 108 rial $e Rev. Know-
land, 107, 18-69; John Cheney, 87, 0-67; R. W.
Cutler, 87, 0-87

Ateam captained by Morgan GQ. Bulkley de-
feated Dr. P. H. Ingalls’s team ina match,

Nineteen players lined up
handicap over the links of the
Saturday.
The scores:

Sidney Maddocks, 82, 2-80; William P. Piekett,
104, 22—82; C. G, Willlams, 0i, 6—85; C. B. Van
Brunt, 49, 2—87. Grafton D. Dorsey, 100, 12—88;
George Becke), 102, 12-90; seorae W. Tiicomb, 89,
&—81, Lowndes Rhett, 96, 7-91; Willlam M. Camp
bell, 04, 2—92.

or the general
resoent A.C. on
Of the number ten returned card:

Lowo Branca, Sept. 2.--Leon Cubberly, Hugh
O'Reilly and James Delaney qualified for the
finals in the mateh forthe Labor Day cup on
Fik wood Park Iinks (his afternoon. Cubberly
and ©' Reilly will start in the finals to-morrow,
Delaney drawing @ bye.

 

If YOU OWN REAL ESTATE

you are naturally interested in the condition of
the market. Tae SUN @ives this each day ia
its entirety.—Ade,

  

—————- — <imeunaameimabe

| record for an un

(0 gm eS

moh ae

rapper ae

vio wer

8, 1900.

NEWS OF THE WHEELME

RIVALS TO MAJOR TAYLOR DEVELOP
AT WAFLSBURG RACES.

   
 

 

 

  
 

 

 

  
 

Speedy Cyclists Compete tenbura—Chief
Consel Belding Explains Position of New
York Diviston in ©. A. W. Poltites—Tar-
ville’s New Record—Other Wheel Gosstp.

A few days ago Chief Consul Milo M. Belding
of the New York State Division, League of
American Wheelmen, received a letter from
Abbott Bassett, the National Secretary, who
waa one of the charter members of the League,
organized at Bo@ton in 1860. Jt has been in-
sinuated by various officials hore that Bassett
thinks Boston {s the national “Hub” and be-
lieves it the natural home of the League and
its only national headquarters. Plainly this
is the cause of all the present trouble in the
league. Tho New Yorkers think that New
York city {s the logical place fora headquarters,
that Bassett is antiquated and should be dis-
pensed with. The contents of the letter from
Bassett to Belding, received after New York
had uttered its defiance, the latter refused to
give out, but in his usual frank style he yester-
day handed out his reply to that letter, say-
ing that the whole world was welcome to know
what he wrote. Belding’s letter to Bassett

was as follows:

Your letter of Aug, 21 came duly to hand.
been so rushed with business it bas been almost im-
possible for me to give your letter proper thought and
consideration before answering.

l agree with you perfectly that we should judge the
conditions with calmness and without personal preju-
dice, Our organisation is certainly at the present
time in very bad shape. and | am thoroughly satisfied
that @ reorganisation is aosolutely necessary w pre-
serve ite existence, | do think. however, that
the abolition of the division would be as fatal to the
organization as ite present inactivisy, The ideas of
the people of this country are all circumscribed by
State lines, and no one-m&n power can control aD oF
ganization like the san Ee of American Wheelmen,
as (s done tn the English and French organizations,
these organizations betng within very small geo
graphical limits, and easily controlled from a ¢ tral
point. Our Government Is based on State lines, ang
All legislation for the benefit of wheelmen must be
done within each State, the conditions being consid-
ered as they arise within the condines of the State.

It would be absolutely impossible to consider for &
moment the possibility of the central office endes vor-
ing to influence legisiation in Pennsylvania, New
Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Mas-
aachusetts, Ohio, Cailfornia, Oregon, Washington
and Teas from a central point ‘The absurdity of
the matter strikes one ata gianoe, and | can assure
you that New York State will ght jor the presersa-
tion of the League of American Wheeimen and the
lutegrity of the diviston

In regard to the change of location of the national
headquarters, you with your experience in such mat
ters know as well aa I do that there is a decided neces
sity for a change of location from one cornerof the
country to & polnt where the needs of our mem bers
will be most easily cared for, Our international tour-
ing department ts going to be a feature of the organ
ization if properly carried on, and it cannot be con
ducted from Boston or baltimore or Philadelphia, but
mist be where peopleon their way to Europe can go
into the heade uarters and get the information which
they need. It would take from twenty four hours to
forty-eight hours to reach Boston with a letter and
receive an arswer, 1) would take fifteen minutes
to get double the information by 4 persona! interview
at feadauartera No argument bs necessary to sub
staniiate suis point. 1 could write papers upon this
aubiect, Dut {t ls unnecessary, as tt le paten on the
surface what the needs of tne League of American
Wheelmen are; otherwise we snail relapse into innocu
ous desuetude, Yours fraternally,

MILO M. BELDING,
Chief Consul New York State

The following communication was sent to
President Couway W. Sams in reply to the
letter of the President prin edin THE SUN

Your letter of Aug. 23 came duly to band, and, as
you suggested, 1 handed |t to THE SUN reporter and
mailed you a copy of the paper, I feel very ceeply
upon the reorganization question, and, of course, fcel-
ing as i do, in iny interview L may hare spoken more
strongly on certain points then was judtetous. Of
course, 1 do not for one moment consider tha question
of secession. | have too strong 4 feeling of loyalty
to the L. A. W. to allow auch thoughts, or even to
consider such A result as possible will say, how-
ever, that | do consider the abolition of the State al-
visions in thelr present form and Inditiduailty as fatal
to the organization. And 1 will say that the New
York State dirision will febt tovth and nall to main-
tain the integrity of the division tn its present form

Hoping that the atmosphere will clear liself without
a storm, and that our old organtaation will revive and
become the power that it should be, and that your
administration will hate the suceess which your
efforts are entitled to, and assuring you of the loyalty
of myself and co-werkers to the League of American
Wheelmen, lam, Yours fraternally,

MILO M. BELDING,
Chief Consul New York State.

The above correspondence is interesting and
imrortant ior tht- reason: if the breach be-
tween the New York State division and the
national body is not closed, itis likely to result
{na bitter Nght that will disrupt and kill the
I. A. W.,no matter on which side rests the
victory. If the breach is closed amicably, the
League will be recognized and ve stronger than
ever.

 

I have

 

   

 

A meeting of the Revision Conimittee of the
league of Argerican Wheelmen, appointed

by the Jast National Aaserubly to construct
» Bow constitution and by-laws, was held on
Chureday olght at Philadelphia, The effecy

of the positive remcustrance and threatened
rebellion of the New York State Division of
the League was plan y apparentin what hap-
pened. The questi.n of makag the offices
of Secretary and Treasurer elective annually
by the National Assembly, or appointed by
the Executive Commitiee, was discussed at
length and it was decided to make the offices
elective. This will do away with the per-
petuity in office of any one particular man,
which i¢ what the New Yorkers have avowedly
opposed. The proposition to have the Presi-
dent elected by popular vote was defeated,
It was incorporated that only certain divisions,
not having a membership of a certain number,
should be abolished This is yirtuaily a vi
tory for the New Yorkers. What was dono
by the Revision Committee will have to be
ratified by tho National Assembly, but As
President Same and others who represent the
party in power are part of the Revision Com-
nittee, what it does is likely to “go.’

 

The renewed Interest in cycling taken by so
many wheelmen who have allowed their en-
thusiasm to wane during the past year or two
is becoming manifest to officials of the League
of American Wheelmen through requests for
information regarding renewals of expired
memberships. There is a sentimental desire
on the part of a large number of these riders
to retain their original men.bership numbers,
that their records of enrollment may be un-
broken. To provide for this the Leacue allows
for all renewals by the simple payment of back
dues.

 

Charles Turville, the Frenchman who rode
in the last six-day race, made a new world's
»xced mile a few days ago at

Salt Lake City. He roa: tie ua minute
RZ seconds The beet previous ree> d was 1
minute 82 3-8 second: ' »y Iver Lawson.

Howard Freeman, the “Oregonian, ¢€od Owen
Kiinble, the Kentuckiaa, may be ver? trouble-
sone customers for Major Taylor, the colored
leader in the charnpronsmy pace, .. tue Quarter

tile national chaypiousthip to-day. They
both have been tirked close to twenty-five
seconds forthe quarter in practice | Yester-

day at the Vailsburg races the two had the
running practically to themselves in the quarter
mile open, which waa the feature of the pro-
uramme. Ry way of variety the start was a
fying one. Newhouse took the lead, but was
fores? to relinquish it to Kimble at the turn
The Kentuckian held the long sprint and the
jead to the homestretch, where he was passed
by Freeman end benien by @ few inches
Kramer managed to beat out Newhouse for
third money

Feno, the little Waterbury giant, again
made good his title of “the boy wonder” agalnst
some of the best of the metropolitan amateurs
Not only did he beat Wahrenberger, the New
York A. C_ erack, in most commen fashion
in their mile heat tandem paced match race
but he won the half-mile handicap as weil
from a liberal mark. Stmmarvy

Quarter-Mije Novice- Final beat won by H. R.
Rosenberg, Newark: R. L. ‘Turner, Newark, second;
FF. W. Baldwin, Bloomfield, third. mé@, 332-6
seconds

Half-Mile Amateur Handicap- Final heat won by
W. 8S. Fenn, Waterbury, Conn., 20 yards: L. R. Lake,
Hrooklyn, 50 yards, second; W. F. Wahrenberger,
New York, serateh, third; Edwin Billington, Vails-
burg, 1S yaras, fourth. ‘Time, | minute I seoond

One-and-a-Hall-Mile Amateur Muilticycle Handicap
~ Won by WHilam Dobbins, Mast Orange, and Walter
Babb, Paterson, 50 yards; Edwin Billington, Vails-
burg, 800 yards, second, Thomas Firth, Harrison.
and W. J. Keefe, Newark. 70 yards, third. Time.
3 minutes 7 seconds

Quarter-Mile Professiona!, Open~ Final beat won
by MH. B. Freeman, Portland, Ore, O. 8. Kimble,
Loulsville, Ky., second: Prank Kramer, East Orange.
N. J., third; Al Newhouse, Buffalo, fourth. Time,

37 pecon te.
wo-Mile Professional Handicap— Final heat won
by G. H. Collett, New Haven, Conn., 00 yards, Jack
Coburn, Newark, N. J., 210 yards, second; Whille
Coburn, Newark, N. J., 210 yarda, third; Robert
Hunter, Newark, N. J., 300 yards, fourth. Time,
4 minutes 45 seconds

Amateur Mateh Race, Mile Reets, Best Two in
Three, Tandem Paced W. F. Wahrenberger, New
York, va. W. S. Fenn, Waterbury, Conn. First heat
won by Fenn. Time, 2 minutes 7 4-8 seconds. Sec-
ond heat won by Wanhrenberger Time, 2 minutes
15 seconds. Third heat won by Fenn. Time, 2
minutes 6 4-5 seconds

 

John Bedell’s generous display of sports-
manship cost him the deciding heat in his
match race with George Schefield. In the
third heat the referee had given the heat and
race to Bedell on a foul by Schofield, Tho
winner, however, conrented to ride the heat
over again and was beaten by a few inches
The ten-mile handicap with 2 prizes proved
an excellent strug@le. The back markers
caught the buoch at eight miles, but Schiee

alone got within the prizes. Summary:
Hal{-Mile Novice - Final leat won by Emile Wyoke,
New York; L. May, Filzabeth, N. J., second; A. Ber-

tuccio, New York, third. Time, | minute 14 3-5 sec-

onda.
"HalfeMtle Amateur, Open~ Final heat won by
Charles Schiee, Newark; Mont. Rutter, Newark, seo

ond; John Bedell, Lynbrook, L. 1, third, Time,
1 minute 17 2-6 seconds.

‘Two-Mile Amateur Cup Ree Figal heat won by
George C, Schreiber, Ne ork; John Bedell, Lyn-
propk, L. L., second; George 5. Homan, Lawrenee,.

1, Satrd. Time, 6 minutes 20 seconds,

Ten. Mile Amateur liandicap~ Won by M. T. Dove,
New York, 240 yards, J. Bergmann, Sayville, lL. L,
320 yards, second, G, B Homan, K. C. W., Lawrence,
L. Li 180 yards, third; Charles Sehlee, Newark, N. J,
60 yards, fourth. Lap prize won by banicl Sullivan,

160

iH. W., New York, rards; Ben Hilt, Union Hill,
ee 640 yarda, ‘oveond. Time, 26 minutes 21 s¢o
onda

amateur Mateh fagr. Mile Heats, Best Two in
Three John DBedel nbrook, 1. 1, 1% George
Schoneld, H.C. W., Richmond Hill, 1. 1, First beat
won by Achofield, | ‘Time, 2 minutes 36 2-8 seconds,
Second heat won by Bedell, Time, 2 minutes 591.6
seconds Third heat won by Schofleld, Time, 2
minutes 39 1-5 seconds,

 

The Century Road Club of Amertoa furnished

thirty-six of the seventy-five riders who took
pert in the century run of the American Cen-
ry Wheelrnen over the Long Island course
yesterday, and easily won te trophy offered
for the greatest number of survivors. ‘The
ra was under Century Road Club. sanction
and had i paceinakers D. M. Adee, fi. M.
ngham, ohn Bromley. Frank Hart. Jr
i ), Moore 8. E. Belcher B. Goothelf and

. dé. Wehman. Four women survived the
run. They were,

aye. Jane Mijlette. Mra
Frank Moore, Mrs. EF. W. Brown and Miss
Mazie Beyer.

Fifteen women appeared at the Park Circle,
Eighth avenue and bifty-ninth strect, yo-terday
morning to ride in the separate division an-
nounced to be the special feature of the koyal
@roanum Wheeimen's century run, The run

owever, which was under the sanction o
the Associated Cycling Clubs of New York.
was etarted in but two divisions. Twenty-
five riders were ip the fast pack, paced by Tree
Peterson, Samuel Braddick, Charles Lehritter
and Joseph Burke. The women vere sent
off nixed In with the second division of filty
ridera in all with Mr. and Mrs, Charles Brush,
Mrs. Jane Lindsay, Mias Nellie Benson. Capt, J.

 

Hendricks and Alfred F'isenbraun as pace- ,

makers,

More than a hundred riders participated |
ip the second annual century run of the New
Jersey Division of the Century Road Club

of America, held yesterday over an official
course from Englewood to New Brunswick.
A majority, of the ridere in line were from
Newark he start was a half hour late but
the lost time was soon made up owlng to the
perfect roads and weather, and the point of
destination was reached long before the ap-
pointed hour. After dinner at New Rrune-
wick the riders mounted thelr wheels and
atarted on the return trip. They kept ahead
of the schedule all the way back + finished
lona before the sun went down ach rider
declared it to be the most enjoyable run of
the season, pot even a tire being punctured.
Charles Parker, one of the several veteran
conte? riders in these parts was chief pace-
maker

SPRINGFIELD, Mass,, Sept. 2.-Caldwell now
leads in the six-hour bike race wiich will be
finished to-morrow night, and will probably
win. He bas to his credit 167 miles 5 laps and
129 yards. Pierce has 165 miles 3 laps and 10
yards, and Walthour has 151 miles 6 laps and
126 yards,

Caldwell rode 84 miles & laps and 270 yards
during the hour last night Walthour 34 miles
8 laps and 280 yards, and Pierce $2 miles 4 laps
and 80 vards, Walthour is hopelessly out of
the race because he fell ao far behind on Friday
night, having trouble with his pace, and noth-
ing now can prevent Caldwell winning, barring
accident. A Match has been arranged between
Michael and Caldwell on the evening of Sept.
11 for a puree of $1,000, The siimmaries
of the other races on Saturday evening are:

One Mile Professtonal Handicap— leat race:

John ‘1. Fisher of Chicago (scratch) ‘ ne
Dan Kreamer of Chicago :75 yards) 1
W. Ireland of Newark (15 yaras) 5
Jed Newkirk of Chicago (25 yards)... 00.6668
J.C. White of New York (190 yards) 4

Time—2:07 1-5, 2:06, 2:08.
Team pursult race between J. Grad

 

Feun~
eenuve

and TU’. Minte
of Chicopee, and FJ. Cadwell of Hartford and J.C
Hunter of Newark, N. J., won by Grady and Minte
Distance, 4 miles 24 laps Time, 10 minutes 3 2-5
seconds.

ALBANY, Sept. 2.—Ray Hewlett of the Pough-
keepsie Century Cycling Club o-day made the
run from h* ity Hall in New York to this oity
in!2houreand i minutes. He calculated to
make the trip in 11 hours, but met with several
mishans which cateed delays. He left New
York «at 3:45 yesterday morning.

 

Model Vachting.

Off the clubhouse of the American Model
Yacht Club in South Brooklyn yesterday nine-
teen boats participated in the contest for the
Jobnson cup.

The course was half a mile. The Buckeye,
Fdward Antenen, won, defeating, among others,
the Gracie, G. F. Pigott; Starr, G. W. Townley;
Mo Mo, L. CC. Hopkins; Wasp, J.
D. Casey and some of the finest model yachts

in America. A echooner race followed over
a course a half-mile to windward and return.
The Meta, L. C, Hopkins won from the Bweet-
heart, George F. Pigott, by 2 minutes and 28
seconds corrected time

In a half a @ale of wind the special races of
the Wave Crest Model Yacht Club were held
off the clubbouse at Bay Ridge, L. I. yesterday,
The course was one tnile, half to windward
and return. In the race for the second class
boats, the Storm, John Mortin; Coquette, Al-
fred (iillie; Mercia, W. Wallin; Lizzie, N. W. F.
Thompson, and Loch Lomond, G. F. Brown,
contend The Storm won twostraight peat
with the Coquette a capital second and the
Lizzie N., third. The race for the third class
craft was sailed under reefs. The starters
were the Viking, Alfred Gillie, Tut Tut, O. L,
Gray; Tam_ O'Shanter, F. G, Brown and As-
thore, John Martin The Viking woninstralght
heats with the Tut Tut second in the first and
the Tam O'Shanter in the second

There was a eplendid breeze off Steinway
L. I. yesterday where the New York Mode
Yacht Club regatta was held. The Vim. John
Smyth, Jr: Sirdar, Commodore F. J, Sweeney,
and Sinner, Peet & Murray, all second class
sloops safied over a three-quarter mile triangle,
The Sirdar won with the Sinner second. The
Hoodoo, William R.Juff; Ripple, Weber & Ogle;
and Foam, William Murray, startedinaspecta
race for second clasa sloops. They put up the
closestraceofthe day, the Ripple just getting
her nose heme a winner by a few inches wit
the Foam second. Then the Sirdar, Vim, an
Sinner raced. This time the Sinner won a
capitally contested race.

American League.

Buffalo— Buffalo, @: Minneapolis, 8.
Chicago Detroit, 3; Chicago, 1.

Interstate League.

At Anderson—Anderson, 5; New Castle, 4.

At Toledo—First game—Toledo, 11; Marton,
second game—Toledo, #; Marion, 3.

At Davton—Darton, 1; Wheeling. 0.

At Fort Wayne—Fort Wayne, 6; Mansfeld, 4

At
At

 

0;

Some Games on Satarday,
AT ORAN FORD,

ou

Cranford.......1 9969 3 3 8 ..—12
Rahway.......9 0 2 0 9 0 0.0 0— 3
LDatieries—Hennessey and Doran; Roe and Crane

AT FLEISCHMANN'’S.

Mountaina.€c.0 0020000 01-8 7 2
N.Y. A.C 0020600 0 0 0 0-2? 63
Ratteries—Werner and Dooin: Batch and Hayes
At Englewood-- Englewood F. C., second, 9; Forrest

HIF. Cc, 5

 

Other Games.
AT RIDGEWOOD, LL
Tenoz BIB. C....9 010601 1 9 146

Mut l Wheelmen. 2 0 2 0 1 00 0 1-6
Batterics—Doyle and Edlemean; Smith and Snock

AT FAST NEW YORK.

R. HH. FE.

R. HE
Emoplres ... 98106003 8 1-86 11 6
Bensonhurat 20101 01 0 0-8 8 5
Datteries—Cummings and Steinke; Linderman and
Knack,
AT EAST NEW YORK

H. EB.

AlOPtS. .sccssereree 21014010 .4-8 14 1

Jaapera......1 023 000 01 6-4 45
Batteries—-Lindsay and Wise, Winham and Adler

AT VAN NEST.

RH. F.

Emeraids.....-..0...52 8 10838 105 “13 1
Mount Vernons 9700001 0 0-1

Batterics— Kelly ond Hatfield: Parley and Spragu:
AT RAHWAY.

R A. EF.
National. ... 91101008 .-8 7 8
MannattanA.C 2600000 0 0—2 10 4
Tatteries—Burebell and St Clair; Mauer and
Rainer

AT SKELLY GROUNDS

a 8 Ss
G. CubanG'ts.0 40 11 5 0 1 2-14 14 6
Skellys.... 1198101 0 31—8 17 10

Ratteries—Fiecher, Reischman aud Manley; Green

and Garcia.
AT BELLEVILLE

RK. IL RK.
Newark.......-1 @ 48 102 0 .~15810 8
Murray FUll 92000080 8-7 658
Battories—Snyder and Westlake; Hartman and
Farmer.

AT SOUTH BROTHER ISLAND,

R. A.B.
S. Brother Island.0 8 90 038 002 .-86 03
Loyolas 60068 £1 6 HS 7 8

Hatieries—Deegan and Doran; Hopper and Fried

berg.
AT WEEHAWKEN.
= RHF.
Wen N.Y. 600003 00 8 811 174
CubnXGiants9 0018 6 2 00 0-4 77
batteries— Bertram and O'Neil; Nelson and Williams.

Baseball Notes.

The clubs In the Brooklyn Amateur Association
will Diay two games this afternoon, the first begin-
ning at 2 o'clock

The sem! professional Maujer A.C. bas Sept. &. 18,
22,23, 20 and 30 open. and arerendy to close anme
with first-class teams offering a sullable guarantee
‘The Marions of Perth Amboy, Mountain A.C.. Morris
Plains, Johnsvown F,(. and Kaysides of Raj onne
preferred. Address John Kong imano, 1348 Myrtie
avenue, Brooklyn.

Baseball Washington Park, To-day.

2 games, 10:89 A. M, and3’ P. M.
Brovkiyu vs Chicage Admission 25c and506e —Ade

a 7)

 

 

 
 
 
  
  
 

|
|
'
|

and
equal

A,B. KIAK & 60.,

The

a
#9 Futon Of
ew reese.

Tur,

 

io One can Make

as Fine a Whiskey
by any other process as
is made by the HAND-
MADE
method.

SOUR MASH

OLD
RYE

is always made that way,

has been

led,
Sole Bottlers, N.Y.

never

   

“CONEY, ISLAND JOCKEY. CLUB

Autumn, Twin ¢
Sept. Westbury St
| _ Trains
M. 12:10, 12:40 (1:09
2:10, 2:40, 3:10 P

at., So

lar

TROLLEY after

bush ay. trolley car.
way. Willlamabure,

 

take
| trand ay.

from Fast 34th «., LL RR,

M ; foot Whitehall st,
Bklyn. apneee? by train I

Brooklyn ridge, N.Y, via Ki
every 15 minutes

and 3
other rages
11 A.

1 40,
via 39th

‘ity Handicap,
coplecbase

lor Car Train), 1105
IRR, NOT
minutes;
and Fiat

  
 

M y 29
‘o Fil
from Broad-
or Nos-

 

Marey Ocean av

via Brighton Beach route All Brooklyn

surface cars transfer direct to treek
CONCERTS BY LANDE®. First Kace 2:30 P.M.

ADMISSION

1O FIELD,

5O0c.

 

    

      
 

  

B SELL MOK

ere’

SOLE AOBNCY 40OR
OGRBEVER GUN.

BICYCLES AT

cr. issn & 6

in
20 CORTLAND

Sportsman's Goods,

    
 

> (4b
a megicA
ia CELEBS Argo

Henry C Squires & So

 

AUCTION.

O., Anctioneers,

12 Murray St. and 15 Park Place

Wednesday, Sept. 5th, at I! o’Clock.

LAST BICYCLE SAI F OF THE SEASON,
TO CLOSE CONSIGNMENTS.

325 Ladies’ & Gents’ “Speirs” Bicycles,
80 Columbian & Pathfinder Bicycles.

Sold singly and lots
Also other makes,

of 5-10 and apwerds.

single wheels; also Gas Lamps,

Saddles, &e
— eee

FoR $150—Fasttroiting and family mare, safe for
; fesress of cverything

  

lad

given, alto, at bargains, ¢

“ Porses, Carriages, &e.

trots 2.25; trial

xtension top fam ly surrey,

Stivers runabout, Bally pneumatic ruua bout, elegant

near Osh ave

 

Records of the Brook!ya and New York
Players.

It was another great week for Billy Keeler
who made sixteen hits outof the twenty-eight
times at bat, thereby enabling the little out-
flelder to land at the top in the Brooklyn's bat-

with every indication
throughout the

Although Sslbach
points last week, he

remainder

hold it
reason.

that he will

of the

lessened his average four

passed Davis, who de-

creased his average eleven points in the mean-
tim®*. The records, including all games played

to date, follow:

BROOKLYN-—BATTING,

Players. Gameali
Keerer... 9
15 20 6
408 105
65 104
95
25

25

Howell
Jones
Kelley...
Croas...
Kitson

Kennedy
Farrel.

MeGulre.
Daly. 0

383
322
&4S
7 #67
If4 32
i187 17 $1
250 83 67
371 67 99
68 102
169 278 44
170 5 45
103 14 20
it 1 2

FIEL.

Dahien 101
Jenni'gsl 2 346
DeMont 44
Sheck'rd 53
M'Gin't’y 31
Weyhing 4

oe

Players. Games.
Weyhing.... 4
Kennedy 33
Jennings
Kelty
Dahlen....
Keeler...
DeMont
Farrtell....
Jones .
MeGuire.....
Daly... cree
Howell «...+-
Cross ove
Sheckard

  

 

 

 

8417 77 147
tw

128

56

'
|
!
|
harness. McKNIGHT, 100 West 16th st.,
Rt
BASEBALL.
ting list. Barring Howell, Keeler has a big lead
!

RiB*BnIBHRSRSH

At’,
613 $3 17 .3853
0 .345

313

$13
205

cy

Sore lee —

2
7)
1 20
oO .%04
© 289

eee
IPaseeun
Mer O-eae >
C@#cu—oe

0
oO
0
2
0
1
0
2
v
0

a
~
he —wrters

- °
Cowon

co"~-o@
=

0
DING

Put ou Assists. Errors. Average.
1 3 fi

1.009

Se
fa
a4
ave
is
116
66

we
oe Must eh uveceo-e->
=
-
e

o-—re

—t
aa
eas
a=
oe

 

 

MeGinntty 31 916
Klison.... Sa
TRAM BATTING,
At Dat. Runs Base Hits. Average.
Rrookiyn. 3,027 fou 1,097 286
Opponents «+++ 3,556 S2u voz 278
TEAM FIELDING.
Put Out Assists Frrors. Average,
Brooklyn.... 2.711 1,468 210 w5o
Opponents 2,604 1,414 264 oss
NEW YORK~—BATTING.
Players.Game AB R 1B tBIBHR SASH Ace,
Seibach . 103 593 66181 17 11 3 27 24 .333
Davis 83 317 54104 15 3 3 16 & 828
V'Haltren.108 421 77124 20 6 0 30 6 205
Doyle 96 871 57102 17 11 84 3 .275
Hickman. 69 320 49 8&4 5 14 6 7 8 .263
Sm . 6) 246 36 63 6 5& 3 12 8 1256
Mercer 62 216 24 54 ee Ue Oe ee eet
Foster 23 61°12 «#14 2 10 9 O 280
| Warner... 34109 15 25 2 0 O 1 8 829
Gleason 07.378 40 44 8 8 O 15 11 .22
| Howennan 58 ivd 15 41 3 641 7 2 .218
| Grady 64105 29 445 6 40 8 @ 210
Hawiey. . 31 02 7 18 4 03 O FD .106
| Carries 35 89 10 15 1 0 O 1 8 .160
) Mathewson, 3 7 1 1 1 oo 0 0 ,.148
‘Taylor 1 z2 0 0 9g 0 8 0 @ vO
FIRLDING.
Players Games. Pul Out Assists. Errors. Aterage
Matiewson 3 1 $ " 1.9009
Loyie - us? b6 26 074
ilawley . $1 4 7 4 O45
Carrick $3 7 73 3 004
} Van Haturen.193 240 21 12 O56
Selbacu 103 237 17 1s B51
Smith 61 7) 6 4 OSL
Davis con ae Pot 316 24 .e4e
Warner.... . 34 108 55 ¥ 046
Foster «» 23 4 24 3 029
Gleason, . OF 245 240 ho O20
| Bowerman... 54 161 165 24 O17
Grady . 64 iss Ad 36 a7
Hickman . 49 138 a8 “5 B56
| Mercer....-... 62 65 iis 37 B54
} ‘Taylor 1 0 0 0 000
}
| TRAM BATTING
| At Bat Runs. Base Hits. Average.
| New York $,455 500 vis .2A0
i Opponents. 3,554 622 1,027 -289
} TFAM FIELDING
Put Out. Assists Errors. Average,
| New York... .2,667 1.40) 5a3 -026
| Opponents. 2,709 1.420 256 we
National League Record.
ee =) 5 Ol Ol ial 2129
s BR FFs Tiare
> S a al
Clubs © : , £ ¢ 3 2x8
7\% 3 g * "ii
Dtooklyt.scssvssssssssoes |] 710) O) VIB) 0) O68
| Pitisburg. s 10 910) 7 5) &b?
| Boston seseeee 3\ 6 £1210) 653
+ Philadelphia... 68 6 & 6 06
Chicago suenearaeses 8| 7) 81 6 5 106
Cineinnat, $\ 4 8 @ 7:..188 9;
St Luts. oo. eeeeeees 6167 7 B 4 1 3
New York Ss 86 45 8 8 4
Games lost 30485151 58559561,
. felneieidaoats : Semietdires ee

Eastern League,

Montreal
TURK

 

CLUBS

 

Providence
} RH heater
Hartford
Worcester
Springfeld
Toronte
Montureal
Syracuse
Games lost

At Providencee— Providence, &
At Montreal
|

Wercester, 2.
7. thochester, 6

 

 

FCORD.
TRE eeye wie
Peeisaad
ERE Ris 3
Pah er able
*. ~ | : 3
—) 293 6161010178
‘ 6 8 B1LMONS 66
89 | 8 613) 7] 988
A HO 7 86 7] #46
i bie 61040 62
Sa 4 7 7)! ONS BS
6A79 4 6 eas
6345 67 ae
: bd ad Be PS
4645.40 Shiela v1

|

——— =