COTS Ae: er ean

La ee

—
ES
a a Ne Se EI

~

Gageee ae acneanadane

“ex + =
Aiea

>
wales een

a

 

i
i !

ous

—
pei
tesoe
fit ae ee
er :

BOAR ere:
Se

 

ow
— ie

stent alae
~
es

- ° te ade wowtinn

The see Sun,

MONDAY,

SEPTEMBER 8, 1900.

 

 

— —=- —_——

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Monin. c.cccerccmereeeees 0 60
DAILY, per Year.... os 000
SUNDAY, per Year eieguaens oe . 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Veas. . cove .. 800
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month... eeeeee 70
Postage to foreign countries added.
THE SUN, New York Otty.

   
 

PARIS—Kioaque No. 12, mear Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

If our friends who favor us with manusoripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
musi in all cases send stamps for that purpore.

 

 

 

The Size of Vermont's Republican
Majority To-morrow.

Senator Proctor has written @ stirring
letter to the Republicans of Vermont, re-
minding them of the important influence
which the dimensions of thetr majority at
the polls will exert in the general campaign
for McKinuer and Roosevect.

No doubt Vermont will do her full duty
to-morrow, but there {s no good reason to
expect a repetition of the phenomenal
figures of 1896.

One of the ablest of Republican news-
papore in that State, the Phentz of Brattle-
borough, is of the opinion that if Vermont
gives for STICKNEY A majority of about
97,000, equal to the average majority for
Governor at the September elections in the
Jast three Presidential years, the Green
Mountain State will have done all that can
be asked of it by the Republicans of other
States to lead the way for a decisive vic-
tory over Bryanism in November.

Here is a table of Republican majorities
for Governor in Vermont since 1872, that

wear and the alternate years thereafter be-

ing Presidential years:
. 28,819

1872.—-CONVERSE
1474.-PRCK oeae 20,303
1876 —FPAIRBANES .... 23,608
1876.—-PROCTOR 16,448
1849.—FARNHAM oe 25,012
1442.—BARSTOW ..19,829
1484 —-PINGREP. 21,845
1A84.-ORMSBPEER 18,422
1688.—DILIINGHAM + 27,618
1490.-PaGR «+. 12,608
1492. --FULLER. . 17,256
1404.--WOODBURY..... 27,311
1804. —GROUT...ceeeee 84.930
LAOS. SMITH... cree eeteeeerereeeerreneeees 22,7738

 

These are not mere pluralities, but ma-
jorities, The average majority for the
seven Presidential years {is 25,470. The
average for the last three Presidential
years, 1888, 1892 and 1896, {s 27,268
The total vote in Vermont under norma!
conditions of political interest ts about
60,000. In 1896 it rose almost to 70,000, the
McKinley vote being 63,426 and the Bryan
vote only 14,855. A great many Vermont
Democrats that year followed the lead of
the late Epwarp J. PHe.ps and voted for
McKinury. A great many will do the same
this year; how many, remains to be seen.

In considering the significance of election
figures in Vermont it must be remembered
that a majority of even 25,000 in that State
means about seventy per cent. of the total
vote and is equivalent to nearly 600,000
majority in New York.

While we hope that the Vermont Repyb-
licans will make a good showing to-morrow,
we are not prepared to say that even a con-
siderable decrease from the average ma-
jority would be a great misfortune.

Such a result might serve to warn the
over-confident throughout the country that
in politics nothing is certain till the votes
are counted.

The Murder of Katharine Scharn.

In the first half hour of the morning of
Sunday, two weeks ago, FRED SCHARN,
an eighteen-year-old boy, appeared at the
street door of the house in East Thirty-
fourth street where lived hia landlord, a
druggist named TyLer. He made such a
noise {n trying to arouse TYLER, who was
not at home, that the wife of the Janitor
of the house came out to him. To her
the boy reported that his sister KATHARINE,
with whom he lived in third-story back
rooms of a Second avenue tenement near
Thirty-seventh street, had been = mur-

dered, and that he had found her body on |

his return from a day spent away from
home. He had come to get the aid and
advice of TYLER, whose store was in the
Second avenue tenement building, and who
was acquainted with both Frep ScHARN
and his sister. The boy seemed to the
woman to he half out of his senses, With
another tenant she led him to the police
station in Fast Thirty-fifth street.
Detectives and a hospital surgeon were
at once sent to the tenement. They found
the body of KaTHARINE SCHARN lying face
down on the floor between her bedroom
and the living room of the apartment.
Her body lay ina position suggesting rather
that it had fallen, insensate, in the place
where it was found than that the girl had
dragged herself there from any other part
of the room. The body was that of a
girl 22 or 23 years old, of comely
figure, and of pleasing if not beautiful
features, She had red hair, and wore gold
apectacies. There was much blood on the
floor near the girl's face. Her hair was
much dishevelled. Her hat and a number
of cheap hairpins and combs were scat-
tered about the room in disorder. A crum-
pled-up sheet lay under the upper part of the
body. A blood-stained hammer lay near
the girl's head. It was the sort of hammer
that would be ordinarily used for house-
hold fobs, such, for instance, as the nailing
up of portitres; its place was in a box
under the kitchen sink, A number of par-
cels, still in their dry goods store wrappings,

lay on the bed, which was neatly made up. |

A number of porti@res lay in a heap ona
lounge. There was no money, no jewelry
to be found on the girl's person or any-
where in the rooms,

Thus at 2 o'clock in the morning of
Sunday, Aug. 19, the police had before
them just such a grisiy problem as it is
the delight of the writers of a certain de-
partment of fiction to construct for them-
selves in order that it may be worked out

with entertaining ingenuity. There can

be no complaint that sufficient ingenuity |

has not been exercised in the effort to find
out who killed KATE ScHARN, For two weeks
fifty or more persons, some connected with
the Police Department, and others privately
employed, all of them experienced in de-
teotive work, have directed all their ener-
gics to the solution of the problem. Yet
there is no reason to believe to-day that
the police have any more certain informa-
tion as to the identity of the murderer of
KATHARINE Scuarn than they had at day-
break on that Sunday morning .
Something was learned of the Scharn
@irl's friends, of her manner of life, and of
her movements for a part of the day before

 

her body was found,

that her brother was a liar and a thief, and | of things,

   

It was established | WitttaAmM Jox. Stone to stand at the helm

But they have him now, and

one who was content to live at his sister's | they should be very thankful for him.

expense while he was out of employment,

as he was normally, But it was also estab-

lished by the testimony of eleven disinter-

ested peraons, that however much he may
| have been pleased to lie to the police about
| his actions on Saturday morning, he was
north of the Harlem Kiver from half-past 4
o'clock in the afternoon until a few minutes
before 12 o'clock midnight, and that it was
an impossibility for him to have reached his
home more than a few minutes before he
appeared at his landlord's house. The
condition of the body at the time when the
police entered the rooms was such that
life must have been extinct before midnight.
The brother was taken in charge soon after

'

Among these bungling amateurs of the
Kast he comes to bring fresh methods and,
according to the Chicago Tribune, his plan
is ‘'to import into New York from the
West, particularly from Kansas and Ne-
braska, a lot of orators, who, in the lan-
guage of Mr. Stone, shall ‘beat the
bushes’ of rural New York as a hunter
does when he goes aftergame."’ A thinker

in the Democratic national headquarters
declares that New York ‘has never been

his arreat by a counsel who forbade him to |

have any further communication with the
police. He has been held in custody first
as suspected of murder and then as a thief,
Before the boy became ailent, the po-
lice were told by him that his sister was en-
waged to be married to a bank clerk with
whom she had been acquainted for four
years. Letters to her from the clerk were
found in the rooms. It was learned that
Kate had agreed to meet the clerk at 166th
street and Third avenue at half past 7 o'clock
on the evening before her body was found,
The bank clerk was arrested; he gave a less
honorable account than had Frep ScHAKN
of his relations with the girl. He showed
that he had kept the engagement at 166th
street; that Kats had not come, and that
he had spent the rest of the night in that
part of the city with persons who fully
corroborated his story. He was released.

The movements of Kate ScHARN were
then traced through Saturday afternoon.
| She received her week's wages at the lead
| pencil factory where she was employed, at
noon, With a friend she went shopping
and purchased the articles which were
| found on the bed after the murder, Only
| asmall part of her money was spent in this
way. She left her friend at a little after 2
o'clock, with the remark that she was going
home, and that she expected to dine with
the bank clerk that evening in Harlem.
| At quarter before 7 o'clock KaTR BCHARN en-
| tered a corner grocery near her home and
| bought a small quantity of pears. She
| was without her hat and seemed to be in a
| hurry. On leaving the store she turned

the corner as if to return to her rooms, At
some time between 6 and § o'clock a num-
ber of portiéres that were hanging out of
the windows of her rooms and had been
hanging there all day, were taken in.
| Nobody saw who took them in, At quar-
| ter past 8 o'clock two little girls who wanted
to deliver to Kate Scwarn the week's
| washing their mother had done for her
| were unable to discover any sounds of life
jon the other side of the Scharn door, and
| left their bundle with a neighbor. At no
time until the police came in the early
morning was the gas lighted in the rooms;
a woman who sat up all night in a house
| that overlooked the Scuanns' windows
| gave this testimony. No sound was heard
in the place that night until Mrs. Kenor,
who lived in the front rooms on the same
| floor with the Scuarns, heard Frep ScHARN
| enter the door soon after midnight and
| heard him ery out “Murder!” before he ran
| downstairs again,
A careful examination of the murdered
girl's body showed that she had been etruck
four times on the back of the head with the
| hammer. Three of the blows were light
}and caused scalp wounds, The other

fractured the skull. The immediate cause

of death was asphyxiation, which was
| probably caused by the constricted position
| in which the girl lay on the floor, uncon-
| scious, after being knocked down. There

 

 

 

 

 

with a heavy fist blow on the right eye and
on the side of the jaw. It was determined
that she had eaten a light lunch four hours

 

' before she died, No trace of the pears she |

had bought at 7 o'clock was found by the
| post-mortem examination, or by search in
| the house.

Notwithstanding the statement of the
' bank clerk affecting the girl's character,

| there was nothing to show that she was not |

an industrious, quietly behaved person,
; who kept off the streets and was hard put
to it to make an honest living for herself
| and her brother.
of excursions on which she and her young

girl and a companion. In the vaguest
way it was suggested that these friends
| might know how she came to her death.
| These and all other clues have come to noth-
ling. There is an old rule set down for

| murderers, that safety is best assured to |

; him who uses as his implement some ob-
| ject picked up on the scene of the crime,
avoiding the use of any weapon imported

to the place by himself.

 

How Many?

|

How many persons {n the United States

| really and truly believe that their liberties
will be in danger if the Philippines remain

| in the possession of the United States?

How many persons in the United States
really and truly believe that its form of
government is so weak that it would fall
or be radically changed in consequence of
undertaking to govern the Philippines?
How many persons in the United States
| really and truly believe that the Philippines

would be better off left to their own devices
, and the tender mercies of little dictators
| like AGUINALDO than kept under the sover-
| eignty of the United States?

How many persons in the United States

| really and truly believe that an army of |

| 100,000 for a nation of 75,000,000 {s mili-
| tarism?
How many persons in the United States
really and truly believe that it is patriotic
| or right to sympathize with the armed
enemies of the United States and to give
them aid and comfort?

Gum Shoe Bill and Rural New York,

The Hon. WILLIAM JorL STONE of Mis-
, souri is regarded by many Democrats in his
own State as a great, bland and mysterious
| political genius. He is better known in the
| Fast as a manufacturer of mixed meta-
phors, but in Missouri he is venerated for
| his supposed shrewdness and noiseless sk il]
as a practical politician. To be sure, he put
| his whole soul into preventing Col. Brn.
| PHELPA from being elected a delegate-at-
large to the Kansas City Convention and
failed. Yet Col. Bin. PHevps has himself
spoken respectfully of Mr. STonr's talents,
He has said that ‘Bint Stoner sucks the
eges, but he hides the shells."" So we are
willing to believe that Mr, STONE is worthy
of his reputation and of the Democratic
| party of a State which boasts a Lon
STEPHENS and a CHAMP CLARK.

Mr. STONE has come out of the West to
teach the New York Bryanites the game of
politics. Why did they lose New York in

1896? Obviously because they had no

!
|

|
}

man went in company with another factory |

 

| were also signs that she had been struck |

rightly canvassed" and that ‘we want to
let loose all through the rural regions a
swarm of little fellows from the West."

The plan is alluring and we offer Mr.
SToNe our congratulations, At length,
then, rural New York is to be thoroughly
canvassed. At last its unsophisticated
Democratio politicians are to learn from
the sagacious Missourian what political
management should be,

That lot of Populist colts can't be im-
ported into New York too soon,

Pruefet Alles und Behaltet das Beste,

Mr. Cart Scuurz isan American citizen
of German birth, He is a professional s0-
Hcitor of what he and Herr OTTENDORFER
call the German-American vote.

At present Mr. Scuvunz is working for the
election of BRYAN, the freesilver candidate,
He is trying to persuade American citizens
of German birth, and the public generally,
that Brran can be elected without promot-
ing the cause of unlimited free silver ooin-
age at the ratio of sixteen to one, and
thereby imperilling the honest dollar, At
the same time Mr. Scuunz is representing
to American citizens of German birth that
a greater danger to the Republic than a dis-
honest standard of money value exists in
what he and Bryan term Imperialism,

Contrast Mr. Cant Scnvrz's hyphenated
Americanism with the unhyphenated Amer-
{canism of another citizen of German birth,
the Hon, W. Bopeman of the Illinois State
Board of Pharmacy. Mr. BoprMAN writes
thus to the Chicago Inter-Ocean:

“In my honest Judgment there 1s no such thing as
a German American vote. ‘Those American citizens
who happen to have been born In Germany are to all
intents and purposes full fledged Americans, and if
they have retained a specific German trait that trait
is, above all other things, a tendency to weigh the
evidence and act with consideration, No man, no
party, can, or ever did, own their vote. They do thetr
own voting and thinking, and when the tssues of the
pending election come up for their consideration they
will not go back on their paramount reputation for
old-fashioned honesty, no matter what other para
mount issues may be attached tothe schism. With
the German race honesty is @ household article,
and one dollar means one hundred cents and not
one farthing less. As long as the silver idiocy is
and remains the paramount platform or Issue, no
orator, no rhetoric, no pyrotechnic trickery will in-
duce the large majority of honest men of all races to
adopt the 16 to 1 shaving scale.’’

“There will be no use to bamboozle the thinking,
slow moving. honest Germans to love their presence
of mind at the searecrow of impertalism. Do not
let us worry bow our German citizens will act. They
belong to the school of ' Priifet Alleg und behaltet das
Beste,’ in other words, investigate everything and
keep the best.”

Mr. Cart Scuvrz is insulting the intelll-
gence of what he persists in calling the
German-American vote. Mr, BopEMAN
estimates and represents that intelligence
far more accurately in his prognostication.
The citizens for whom he speaks are going
to examine everything and vote for,the best
—the best dollar and the best man to stand

behind the best dollar.

The Charlatan,

The effort to confine Mr, Bryan to his
porch in Lincoln has fatled. Overflowing
with irrepressible speech he has left Lin-
coln and begun to whip Imperialism and
the Money Devil around the stump, Many
States are crying for him and many will
get him; and he {ts sure to be happy for the
next two months, The effect of his vast
output of language in 1896 he has described,
lecturing at Terre Haute, May 29, 1899,

 

| he said:

Certain stories were told |

 

 

| the plirehasing power of the dollar would fall,

“When the votes were counted, I found I had carried
nearly every State {n which I did not speak and had
lost nearly every State in which I did speak.”

A frank admission which he has probably
forgotten long ago. Let the rest of us

| remember it as he goes on his multiloquent

way, amid cheering crowds and hand-

shakings without end,

He 1s likely to be even less suoceasful
in 1900 than he waa in 18096, There are still
plenty of persons curious to see and hear
him. Unfortunately there are hundreds
of thousands of persons who have heard
him. To them now he is no inspired orator
and grand young man, uttering truth and
wisdom, but an exposed quack, All his
glib predictions have turned out to be false,
The facts are all against him. If he were
as candid about all matters as he wag
about the resulta of his eloquence in 1896,
he would say to his audiences:

“Four years ago I told you that under the gold
standard the times would be harder and harder; that
the opportunity for work would be decreased and the
number of idle men {ncreased; that debts would grow
and the ability to pay them lessen; that prices and
that
it would be more dificult for 4he farmer to live; that
the gold standard would decrease the volume of stand
ard money, starve everybody but the money changers
and soon. Gentlemen, I was mistaken in all these
assertions and sundry others too numerous to men-
tlon. You will not expect me, therefore, to enter
again in the Meld of financial and politico-economio
prophecy and averment. With your permission I
will lay before you a few elegant sentimentalities
about imperialism, the consent of the governed,the
purchase of Filipinos at $2.50 a head and the sale of
American boys upon the auction block.”

But upon what subject can Mr. Brran
talk and expect his hearers to have con-
fidence in his assertions? His words to
scorn are scattered. Time, the greatest
humorist, has shown him to be a man of
wild and foolish speech,

The Alon. JoHN PARDON ALTORLD Insists
that Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana and Illinols were
carried by fraud by the Republicans in 1896,
and he calls for vigilance committees to watch
the polls next November. Apparently Mr,
ALTGELD has reached such a point of cerebral
excitement that a committee ought to be ap-
pointed to watch him.

 

THOMASTON, Me., Aug. 26.— The law governing
Porto Rico, said Mr. GEORGE FRED WILLIAMS, is a
worse law than ever King GRORGE made in his
wildest moments. - Boston Herald.

The law governing Porto Rice imposes on the
island a very light tax which is wholly de-
voted to the island's own support and which
will be stopped the moment{Porto Rico says
that she is ready to raise the necessary money
in her own way. And back of this law is an
appropriation of $2,000,000 made from the
United States Treasury for Porto Rico's benefit.

Mr. Wru.tams is madder than a March hare
to think that the hard-headed Yankees of
Maine are to be caught with such bait.

 

The Hon, Enwarnp Riporvy, chairman of the
Kansas Populist State Committee, is now
obliged to rend his garments in token of the due
Bryane horror at imperialism. To add to his
happiness the Republicans keep quoting from
a letter writen by him on the day when the
‘Treaty of Paris was ratified :

“We are now in for an experiment of expansion

 
 

EEE

AN ELA Sanaa NRO REE aN Le PT DE PARTE LS ELIE CE I SST TS

   

1 am fully satisfied that our etviltzation ts to be carried |

across the Pacific. The battleships have blazed
the way. I think itis a mistake to attempt to raise
4 party fasue in opposition to the inevitable and ever
westward march of civilization, 1 am not at all tn
accord with those who want to obstruct this move-
ment.”

Notatallin acoord with himself at present.
But the Kansas City platform must be sup-
ported, although consistency ceases to consist,
and common rense drops dead.

 

Hopeful Jim Jongs avers that Col, Baran
will not make more than two speeches a day
during thecampaign, It is all very well to put
the Colonel on a diet, but can he be made to
stick to it?

 

The Hon. Sucker Ron Sam Jones of Toledo
assures the world of his intention ‘' to bein the
coming campaign, giving all the strength and
influence that he has to the cause of liberty,
equality and Democracy.” We suspect, how-
ever, that he will not neglect the cause of
JON RA.

———————eeeeeeeee

THE CHINESE SITUATION.

The latest reporta from China do not tend
{n any way to clear the situation, and the dim-
culty of bringing about a working accord
among the Powers does not lessen with the
progress of events. More than one of the
Governments most concerned has an obvious

 

interest in delaying the beginning of
a settlement; England, until her hands
are free in South Africa; Germany, un-

til Count von Waldersee and the contingent
on their way out have arrived; and Russia until
her communications in Manchuria are complete-
ly reéstablished and the 34,000 troops that left
the Black fea in July have landed at Viadi-
vostok and Port Arthur. The Chinese Gov-
ernment, meanwhile, temporarily halted at
Tal-yuen, the capital of Shans!, is described as
confirmed in {ta anti-foreign policy and taking
measures to supersede the Viceroys of Nan-

king and Hankow on account of
their alleged pro-foreign proclivittes.
Rumor has it that these latter have re-
ceived promises. of support from the

British Government in the event of their being
dismissed by their own; and Germany, it is
stated, will establish a legation at Shanghai
pending other arrangements. This last, if
correct, taken {n connection with the with-
drawal of the Russian Minister and the official
personnel of the legation from China, not,
bo {t observed, from Pekin only, together with
the Russian troops, is a tacit invitation to other

Powers to follow suit and = leave the
court and Tsung-li- Yamen free to
return to Pekin. The action of the

Russian Government {a the opposite extreme to
the suggestion of at least one Power that Pekin
be held until a responsible and stable Govern-
ment is established in China, The retirement
of the legations and troops to Tientsin, advo-
cated by our own Government, {s the middle
course which it is hoped Russia and the Gov-
ernments advocating the continued occupa-
tion of Pekin may be induced to adopt in order
to preserve the unity of the concert, The
complete withdrawal of the Russian legation
and army from the south side of the Great
Wall, would undoubtedly be highly satisfac

tory to the Chinese court and officials,
should the example be followed by
other Powers, That, however, there is
no reason to count on immediately, and

meantime theechapter of accidents may at any
moment develop a new phase, altering con-
ditions and calling for different treatment,
The longer the present situation {1s allowed
to drag out, the more some unexpected turn
may be looked for, and with it fresh complica-
tions of afar-reaching character, TheJapanese
Government, acting apparently {in harmony
with Russia, seems disposed to ald the Chinese
Government to ree@stablish itself in order to
bring on negotiation as soon as possible.

 

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

No decisive result is yet reported from the
forces operating against Ges. Botha, and Gen.
Baden-Powell, who was said to have outwitted
Gen. Grobelar, returned to Pretoria on Friday.
It would seem asif the Boers, taking advantage
of the concentration of the British to the east-
ward, are preparing a guerrilla campaign !n
their rear, commandos being reported at a
number of widely separated points north west
and south of Pretoria and Johannesburg,

While the military operations in the north
are dragging out, the political situation in the
Cape Colony is being embittered by the dis-
cussions of the Treason bill and the severities |
to which Afrikanders of Dutch origin who |
took no part in the war are subject under Brit-
ish martial law. The resvit of the racial and
political agitations is seen in the disturbance
of business of all kinds. Dr. Jameson of raid
fame, who was recently elected to the Cape |

Parlgment as the representative of
Kimberley, made a_ notable speech = in
which he made a= valuable admission
in connection with the disputed ques-

tlon of when the Roers commenced to arm
against England He denied the assertion
of Secretary of State Reitz that it was after
the raid. The orders for the armaments were
given when, as Dr. Jameson put it, President
Kriger received a much greater eye-opener—
especially because it was his first--and that
was at the time of the so-called Drifts ultimatum
of October, 189. In it President Kriger was

informed that unless he yielded to the demands
of the Cape Government regarding the railway
rates dispute war would be declared against
him by the British Empire, and that the Cape
Government would assist the British in every
way in its power and pay half the cost of the
war. In addition, the Colonial troops would
be called out and sent to the front to fight
against the Transvaal This settles the
statement that the Boers armed without
provocation, and inferentially disposes, at the
same time, of the assertion made to justify
the attack on the republics, that they were
united in a conspiracy with the Cape Dutch
to drive the British out of South Africa,

 

Real Impertalism,

To THR Epitor or THe Sun--Sirs What
amazes the intelligent patriotio citizen at
this time more than ansthing else is the
brazen effrontery with which Mr. Bryan glibly
declares that the murdered Lincoln would sup-
port the so-called Democratio platform were
he living to-day. Think of it! When we re
member that Lincoln gavo freedom and
manhood to 8,000,000 human beings, a
freedom guaranteed them subsequently by
a Constitutional amendment, and that at
a later day by another Constitutional
amendment they received the right of
suffrage. the right to have a voice tn the «e-
lection of their rulers, ‘‘the consent of the gov-
erned''-when we remember these two tnings,
and then remember also the very recent dis-
franchisement of the same old slaves and their
children in several of the Southern States and
the deliberate disfranchisement of white citi-
zens in Kentucky, which enables a Democrat to
uaurp the office of Governor though it {8 a mat-
ter of undisputed record that his Republican
opponent received a majority of the popular
vote -when we remember these things, it
fitting for Mr. Bryan to first lift his voloa
against these infamies before he begins to raise
a howl about the distant Filipinos, whoare en-
jJoying more freedom this blessed day than they
were in the past 800 years.

n what speech, or in what letter, or in what
interview has Mr. Bryan denounced the dis-
franchisement of the black voter of the South
and his abhorrenoe of the Goebel law in Ken-
tucky? Isn't disfranchisement the firat step to
despotism, to imperialism, and hasn't that first
op been taken by the Democratic party?

Mr. Bryan knows this is so, and yet this bla-
tant champion of what he calls the imperilled
liberties of the people expecta and will accept
the Electoral votes of States that he knows ar
Republican if the voters in them could vote an:
have their vote honestly counted,

New York, Aug. 30 James B. Laux,

An Indication of Keen Interest.

To THE Enrror op THR SUN—Sir; The “apa-
thy” of which we hear so much ts not Indicated In the
keen interest and anxiety prevailing in all business
and financial circles as to the result of next Tuesday's
election in Vermont

If these men Ived in the Green Mountain State they
would be all at the polls voting for the Republicans
ticket on Tuesda@y. and that they will as unanimously
be at the polls to vote for McKinley on the 4th of next
November Is equally certain, DownNTown,

NEw YORK, Avg. 31.

EMBER“, 1806.

RUSSIA IN ASIA,

Her Policy, Parpovses and Legitimate Interests
in the Far East.

To THe Fnoiton or THe Sun Sir
midst of the conflicting misinformation
apecting the political situation in China
gratifying to learn that the traditional friend-
ship between the United States and Russia
is not likely to be endangered by the possible
clashing of interesta of the Powers. The unite
versally recognized fact that the United States
is not in China with any sinister purpose to ace
quire territorial sovereignty there makes the
discharge of our duty there very much simpler
and exempts us from that mingled truculent
and underhanded diplomacy which must chur-
acterize the conduct of those Powers which
harbor designs upon the territorial integrity
of the Chinese Empire.

The diplomacy of the United States has al-
ways been exceptionally free frem bluster
on the one hand and insincere professions on
the other; and the present demonstration has
won and is winning the plaudits of history in
its inspiring examples of sincere and open-
handed dealings with all the Powers with which
it has relations,

European Powers are so unused to saying
exactly what they mean and avowing what they
want that some of their people have sneered
at our candor as “shirt sleeve diplomacy.”
But we have really no use for any other kind.
It is much better for all the world to understand
the limitations of our demands and the point
at which this nation will fight regardless of con-
sequences than to pursue dark and devious
ways and to be thereby led blindly into a con-
flict out of which evil only can flow.

The frank and open attitude of our Govern-
ment tf China and the legitimate and moderate
purposes for which our power ts invoked have
already given to the United States a command-
{ng moral influence not only with the Chinese
progressive party but with the Powers whose
presenoe in China must be accounted for by
an overweening desire to promote an ulterior
and exclusive interest,

It would be a misfortune not merely to our
own country but to the world to have the pres-
ent judicious and confidence-inspiring ad-
ministration of our Eastern interests exchanged
for the reactionary and time-serving policy
which avowedly would characterize a new ad-
ministration by the Bryan party. It is not to
be thought of for one moment; nor can I believe
that a sufficiently large number of loyal Demo-
crats can be mustered to his standard to effect
such achange,

That there oan be no clashing of {nterest be-
tween Russia and the United States in China is
{ think, sufficiently manifest. Our own Interest
{a in the protection of our existing treaty rights,
under which we now have as free access to the
Chinese markets as have the products of any
other nation. The “open door” does not mean
that China as a nation {s never to be permitted
to establish a judicious protective or revenue
tariff to her infant industries, when the time
comes for her to foster such industries; but tt
does mean that no arbitrary barriers shall be
erected against our trade with China, with pre-
erences to the goods of any other nation

{n the nature of things the development of
China will make her for many years dependent
upon the apecialized productions of the Occtl-
dent; while the breaking up of the Chinese Em-
pire and the extension of a variety of European
sovereignties over ita fragments would certainly
be followed by the erection of prohibitory
duties on Ameriean goods, with free entry or
nominal duties on the goods from the newly
extended European sovereignties This re-
sult will surely follow if the United States sleep
upon their rights and are not keenly watohful
of the course of eventa and fully determined
to assert the existing treaty rights under which
preference is impossible

Probably the worst offender {n this sort of
legislation {s France A case in point fs that of
her forcible conquest of Madagascar. Trade
with Madagascar has since, by legislation to
that end, become practically confined to France.
The late Cleveland Administration gave us 4@
shining example of the depth of its indifference
to the welfare of American commerce when it
refused to raise a hand for its protection at that
time and place.

England has declared for the open door and {s
seemingly content to take her chances of trade
in open competition with the United States and
other nations {n the territory north of Hong-

In the
re-

it is

kong and west of Shanghai, which she has long

regarded as here special sphere of influence.
Russia, although nominally a despotism,
sears to be a closer parallel to the United States

} in her development than any others of the Pus

ropean Powers. Territorially Russia occuples
an{nvulnerable position. Her areais immense
and her plains, forests and mountains are as
full of wealth as those of the United States,
Her Government {is progressive, It conducts
gigantio publie works; the nation grows. It
is ever seeking outlets toward tsothermals of
higher temperature. Hampered and liga-
tured at the Bosporus by the jealousies of
other Powers, her energies were diverted into
the almost trackless Siberian wastes, and she
has almost completed the gigantic task of
spanning with steel rails a continent twice the
width of North America, Years ago she halted
at the ice-bound port of Viadivostok on the
Pacific, With the outward pressure from
millions of square miles of tnland territory
it was tnevttable that she should be forced
to acquire, at the expense of whomsoever stood
in the way, a port fronting a more gental ex-
panse than that of the Japan Sea.

Russia has acquired what she aimed for
{n the practical possession of the Iiao-Tung
peninsula and bay, with the great Chinese
fortress of Port Arthur, and the brusqueness
with which she set aside the treaty of Shimo-
noseki. after the war between China and Japan
is only the measure of the overpowering neces-
sity urging her to the acquisition of an ice-
free outlet on the great ocean,

If the nations of Europe realized thetr beat
interests they would rejoice that the impend-
in@ stress of Russlan development toward
the Mediterranean Sea has been relieved by
turning the current of movement toward the
Pacific Ocean. Russia has always shown
a wonderful assimilative power. The mixed
and various races over which her sovereignty
has been extended seem to coalesce into the
Ruasian nationality without friction, and #! «
marshals the new forces on amiable terms
into movements of which she is the guiding
intelligence.

The new Siberian railway wil! skirt the
southern shores of Lake Baikal, the tributaries
of which extend southward far into the flanks
of the great desert plateau of Mongolia. It fs
inevitable, therefore, that the inhabitants of
this vast portion of the Chinese Empire should
quickly yield to the civilizing forces of the rail-
way to the north of them, and the whole region
will be Russianized. There is no power on
earth capable of hindering it. All these people

will become contributary streamlets to the
force that is making eastward asross ask
the od cs thas coven ie reached the stream
as tha e 16 st b
lines of least resistance, es through Aid
churla, much of which practically Russian
since the initiation of the Eastern Railway
which will soon have a@ terminus on the Gulf
of Pechili. With the Russians in possession
for ninety-nine years of Port Arthur, and with
their battleships at home in the Gulf of Pechi){
Pekin, as the capital of the Chinese Empire:
has become an impossible site, except on the
resumption of Russian assimilative influence.
he entire shores of Pechili Gulf, from Port
Arthur to the Shantung promontory, are now as
effectually dominated by the power of Kussia
as are the waters of the Sea of Kear
Where can the Chinese Government now go
fof. f secure capital on the Sree!
@ next great port ow the Shan
ninsula is that of Kiao-Chau, but thie hag
n seized by the Germans upon a pretext so
rank and so thinly veneered as to arouse the
derision of the civilized world. No act of
Spanish spoliation of three and a half centuries
ago ever had less justification
Further south is Shanghai, at the mouth of
the Yang-tse, but this, too, is a treaty port and @
hotbed of foreign influence. Great Britain
has long regarded the basin of this great river
as her especial — of influence and seems

to be ready to ht off trespassers upon that
preserve.§ tis at the headwaters of the tae
nat British and French interests are likely to
clash,

_ Still further south we find the Japanese seek-
ing afootholdat Amoy on the continent, op
site the Island of Formosa, ceded to them by
China at the close of the late war.

Southwest of Amoy is the British island of

 

Hongkong with a little plece of the mainland
opposite if, not far from the great commercial
city of Canton, whence come most of our Amer.
ean Chinamen. From this seat of advantage
the British power extends a repressive influ.
enee upon the French ideas of expansion from
Tonkin into the Chinese Provinoe of K wanes!

lake it all in all, the Chinese Empire has
been ao nibbled at that it seems fi) a bad way,
eapecially since the result of the war with da-
pan set affoat a knowledge of the real, inher-
ent weakness of Chinese resistance to external
Aggression

Really, however, the weakness of the coast
line to over-sea attack is not the real measure
of Chinese resisting power, War ean only be
sticeessfully carried on for long periods with
the posseaaion of an invulnerable base of sup-
plies, and one that is many thousands of miles
dvtant over sea does not meet this condition,
The power to conduct prolonged warfare is
the power of the non-combatant population
to produce and transport a sufficient excess
of food and forage for the maintenance of the
fighting force,

There is no Buropean power that comes any-
Where near realizing t e conditions except
Russia, With her unmeasured hinterland of
the southern Russian steppes, and the vast un-
developed agricultural areas in Siberia, Russia
will ultimately be able to maintain an enor
mous offeasive or defensive force on the north
of China, pressing thence southward with ir-
resistible force and persistency .

But Russia will not have to fight the Chinese
seriously, The races over which she at present
exercises sovereignty are so similar to the Mon-
wolians that they will speedily fraternize with
the northern Chinese, and the latter will be
absorbed andassimilated with the Russian forces,
and thenceforward the effectiveness of the
Russo-Chinese soldier will be as great, or nearly
fo, as that of the trained Enropean, :

With such a force from the North and Weat
ever pressing seaward, the possession of the
seized and treaty ports would be barren in-

deed.

_ It is not likely that the Government of the
United States will undertake to stem the forces
of disintegration or reorganization now fer-
menting in China, What this Government will

undoubtedly do will be in the line of a vigor-
ous upholding of our treaty rights, and if that
course requires the upholding of the right of

the people of China to maintain or reéstab ish
4 governing power, no doubt it will be fear-
leasly taken.

In whatever direction events proceed, I do
not think we have anything to apprehend
from any positions which Russia is lkely to
take That great Power will never run
counter to our claim to be seoured in the con-}
servation of existing treaty rights; nor can i
be the interest of Russia, within acentury
to extend impossible trade barriers around
the territory already hers on the waters of the
Pacifie Ocean, nor around stich other territory
to the southward in which she may hereafter
acquire a conmercial or political interest

It is quite as rational for Russia to desire
the unification of all the Chinese territory
north of the Gulf of Pechili, with the Siberian
territory north of if, as it is for the United
States to regret the loas of her territory on the
Pacifie lying between the Strait of Juan
de Fuea and the southern boundary of Alaska.
No doubt the hand of destiny will as surely
turned to the unification of political power on the
American side of the Pacific Ocean from
Behring Sea to the mist-wreathed Horn as it
will to the unifieation of power upon the Asiatic
side of the great ocean

Certainly the Chinese will offer but feeble
opposition to the economical and political
southward advance of the Russians,

Corea would have been long since Russian
but for the watehfulness of Japan, But Japan
has been too slow in realizing the Importance
to her modern expansion of the Corean main-
land. Now she has the Russian movement to
reckon with, and it may be counted as one of
the reasonable probabilities of the future that
the possession of Corea will be the occasion
for a dramatic struggle between these great
Powers early in the coming century,

There will be no contest between the Coreans
and Russia. But with the Russians firmly
established at Viadivostok and Port Arthur,
and crowding southward with their railway
and commerce, nothing can stay their eventua
control of every mile of the continental coast
between these great seaports.

And with Port Arthur controlling and com-
manding the Gulf of Pechili, all the commerce
of the «reat Hoangho is under their guns.
Soon a railway up the valley of the Hoangho
would bring the vast population of North China
under Russianizing influences, and the posses-
sion by the™(iermans of Kaio-Chau Bay, on
the southern base of the Shantung peninsula,
would be of trifling valne.

The French are bound to second whatever
Russia does in the north, expecting compen-
sation in the south

Neither French nor Russians care anything
about the pretensions of Germany in China,
They are of the class with the escapades of
Italy in Abyssinia. There is no future for
Germany in China. There is no hinterland
to Kiao-Chau that is not dominated by the
Hoangho and that ereat stream is inevitably
Russian, The aggression of Germany in China
will hear no fruit except Dead Sea apples.

The real clash of interest will arise between
the French and the British in the valley of
the Yang-tae-Kiang. It is_an open question
how far Russia will back up France in a contest
that would involve an European conflict. as
she is not in any position at present to profit
by such a conflict. _ It will take her more than
ten years to get firmly seated in Mongolia,
Manchuria and the shores of theGulf of Pe
chill

Franee wants recognition tn the upper basin
of the Yang-tse-Kiang which she ts covetously
overlooking from the latest frontiers of French
Indo-China. Her latest move, that of de
spatching a man-of-war to enter the mouth
of the Yang-tee-Kiang, near Shanghai, is a can-
did interrogation of the assumption of British
yaramountey over the basin of that great river.
\ e may be quite sure Great Britain will answer
that interrogation as promptly as she spoke
at Fashoda

Russia will not fight for the settlement of
such a question. She will advise France to
settle it by diplomacy.

GEORGE

New York, Aug. 80.

Labor Day.

lam Labor,
And not only ts this day mine,
But all days.
The world began by Labor,
And God,
Its Mighty Maker,
Is the Infinite Laborer,
The same
Yesterday, to-day and forever
As by Labor
Vs He made all things,
So by Labor
Do His creatures live,
And rest
Ts death,
Man is the master of the world:
And I, the master of the man.
1 bend my neck to bis yoke
And I bear his burdens,
Tam his hewer of wood
And his drawer of water;
He commands
And I obey,
But not with a slave's obedience.
lam the greater
Supmitting to the less
Man chains the elements
And drives them
By their will,
Not his. i
I serve
When I may be @o willed,
But when I err,
Tam a master and a tyrant then
‘That overthrows all order,
Crushes men,
Starves helpless little ones,
Wrecks homes,
And ruthlessly tears down
All Lhave builded up,
Unreasoning then,
I run my course,
And wearied with myself
And by myself,
T yleld again,

W. DiITHRipor,

Tam a4 passion

And a punishment; ,
A fire r

That licks !tvown eelf up;
A flood

That sweeps itself int the sea;

An element unchatined,

Man drives by its own will,

Not his,

When by {ts will

He has !t chained again.

T have no master save myself,

Yetam so good a slave

lam content

With such bad mastery.

This day is mine,

And honors shown to me today

Ate not less mine

On other days,

1 overcome a!) things

Except myself,

and erown all things

Tam the solace

And the substance of the world; e'
Man finds forgetfulness in me, “met
And by me come the things a
‘That never are forgot:

Earth's progress

And its plentitude,

Its purpose

And its happiness,

Its glory

And its majesty. ?

While Labor ts ’
So ts the world,

And when | cease to be o-
‘The end must come
To Maker and to Made

-
.
.

‘ wan i

BUSINESS OPENINGS IN TU soy,

Léeat.-Col, Packer Writes of Opportuoiy..
for Young Men in the Islands.

To THe Eptron or ‘THe Stun os
it is now established that we are here |
js time that Americans ahould begin
advantage of the commercial beret
Philippine Islands Take, for
hemp industry, Vhatthe profits int
try are large is beyond question. 1!
gtows and prepares the hemp, the f{
or tich Filipino buys ttof the native, - t
it to Manila, where itis again sold at
being carried thence to foreign para 4
buying and selling of hemp lasts
round, Butsincethe failure ol the A
firm of Russell Sturgis & Co. of Boston,

a firm which “for years had been th,
spring of all Philippine mereantile es serpy
(according to Foreman), and whi
through bad management only, thia |

has fallen to the Spanish, English and Gey

It is remarkable, pow that our intere fea
secured, that America still remains lar, ine
represented,

To handle hemp profitably what! neodid (.
capital, and a company whose agents | Are
none but high-class honorable mer a
the latter, the capital should be obtained en. .
enough, But as to the men, some
Can we get our best young ine to lsolate :
selves inasmall townin the Philippines @
moderate salary?

This is the question I want to answer [+ i
true, is it not, thata young man in bani!
clerking business in New York cityon a «aliry

of $1,500 or $2,000 per year haa come diMonit
laying aside any considerable part ot hy
stipend gerHoularly if he belonys to a xo 4
family? Well, it is perfectly evident to one.
the ground, that thatsame young man, engagat
here as anagent buying hemp, at a saliry of
$2,000, ought to be able to retire, ff he «
preaeee, with $20,000 or $30,000 to his ere ft) 4+
he endof ten years. If he obtain a «

sion on profiis, he should do better, And»
meantime he could live here like a gentler

The explanation of this isthat livre
cheap here. Food, with good servior
cost more than $15 to $20 per month at
servant $$ per month; rentofah t

rmonth, asuitof white elothing
oreigners wear, $4, andsoon, Inal.$
year should be a liberal allowance
penses, making it possible to save all the roar
the salary. I am not speaking of Ma "
igamore expensive town, Papeak of tie 4
vincial capitals and the larger tows of
provieces, many of which for many reas

ar preferable to Manila as places
dence,

With a salary of $2,900 a year, even with
commissions, our young man would soon hace
asmall capital of hisown whieh he eould toves
to great advantage Thus,on a sma'l svar
the young man of, say, 2lought to beabler
back home at the age of &1 with a comp
tence.

This {s true here not only of the hemp ind
try, but of the tobaoco, sugar and copra indus
tries

There are over 200 towns of over 19,009 trhat
{tants {n these islands, in nearly all of wt
such openings exiet. At them,or near th
there are likely to be garrisons of A
troops, the offloers of which will afford
panionship. The climate is very trying for the
first vear, but the healthy appearance of tho
Englishmen and Germana engaged for rar.
years in trade here is proof that Ameri-ans
not, a8 a rule, suffer in health in the long rir

There are numbers of Americana of a low
class here, hangers-on of the army, whose pros
ence is rather undesirable than otherwise, «in a
they give the natives a false idea of our man.
ners, customs and morals, What we wart
here ia Americans of a high stamp. Su
men residing tn the towns will be
the greatest assistance to the United Star
in the establishment of a proper ays
of government and in bringing abou!
friendly re'ations with the people. And it |
suggested that it would be ensy, as well as her:
ficial, should the proper authorities offer ¢
men of this character passage out on then
tary transports, at alow rate of comnensat!
incase the regular transports afford such a
commodation. This would remove one of the
principal obstacles to the would-be visitor and
encourage the coming of the kind of men w
want here

If something ts not done we shall eee in trad
here not Americans, but Englishmen and Ger
mans, almost epee? benefiting from!)
establishment of American supremacy in the
Philippines! JAMBA PARKEK,
Lieutenant-Colonel Forty-fifth Infantry, Com-

manding Lagonoy district.

6an Jost, Lagonoy district, July 16.

a

ner

 

The Evolution of the Horse's Neck.

TO THR Eprron oF TAH SUN—S#: I heard one
man say to-day to another man: “Will you have a
horse'a neck?’ What did he meant

NEw York, Sept. 1. MINN RAPOLIS.

The Horse's Neck is the popular long drink of
thesummer of 1900, the colloquial designation \f
a beverage made up of etnger ale and whiskey
with the peel of a lemon and toe added to r--
fresh the thirsty purchaser.

The evolution of the Horse's Neok, outeclas:
ing and overshadowing the Rickey of a year
ago, is interesting. For many years @ popu ar
beverage, still sometimes tn dernand, especia ©
among Englishmen and American tourista re
cently returned from abroad, was Shandy G7
This is a concoction of Basa's ale and ginger ae
in equal portions. The popularity of the Shandy
Gaff was not enduring. American drinkers
have never taken very strongly to ale and |t
has attained little of the favor here which it re
tains in Great Britain. Among Amerca
drinkers beer is preferred to ale, and Shir
Gaff gave way to asuccessor of aimilar arc!
tecture, a Brandy Split, made up of brandy an!
gingerale. Brandy is not much more ponu'sr
than {s ale asa steady drink, and Brandy 8;!!
in natural course of evolution gave place to
the new drink, the summer drink of 199, t)«
Rlorse’s Neck. It is composed, as we have sad
of ginger ale and whiskey.

 

“If They Ask Us Why."

To THe Eprrorn or Tre Svun-Str: Fon
years ago, at Chicago, Mr W. J. Bryan, the we.
known Nebraska paramounter, declared to @ shriek
ing assemblage in the old Coliseum

“If they ast us why we do not embody tn our pat
form all the thingsthat we beliewe in, we rep y that
when we have restored the money of the Consiitull 4
all other necessary reforms will be possible but
this és done there is no other reform that ca
accomplished.”

The italics are not in the text as printed db: the
paramounter himself.

What I would like to know {ts whether Mr Tir
still thinks that “no offer reform’ \s possibe ur
flood of rotten money ts turned loose on the «

 

 

Marriage and Divorce in England
From the Frening Post.
LONDON, Sept 1.—Church circles are not ali *

moved by the action of Mr. Cripps. Q ¢
Anglican Chancellor of York, who has {ntr
the clergy of the diocese that no license w!!) beer
henceforward forthe marriage of any 4
son. Ardent Churehmen deny that Infistier (>
is done to persons wishing to contracts ¢
tlage according to civil law. Marriage. |
cannot be annulled by the Divorce Court a
canon law: it 1s dissoluble only by death
avall themselves of the civil law to secure reli
one marriage are now told In effret that«
civil law, that is to say, by marriage before
trar, can they enter into another marriage
not. High Churchmen say, entitled to cin
right, the Church's benediction upon a
which hasonly been made possibie by a fog
lation of the Church'slaw. Chancellors of
ceses are being urged to follow Mr, Cripps se

Second Attacks of Typhold Fever Comm”

From the Medical Record.

The idea is that, as one attack of tyr!
immunity from a second, temporary if
immunity might be acquired by Inoculatl
attenuated dose or the poison. But et
typhoid does not give immuntty from a see
Dr. T. J. Maclagan inthe British Medteo ven
Second attacks of typhold are as commor t
ordinary doctrine of chances, they ought '
common, for instance, than
pneumonia fn about the same proportion '
tacks are more common. If one attack of
veloped disease does not giveimmunity. he«
{noeulation with an attenuated dose of thes
searcely be expected to do so.

Republicans Making Money for Bryan.
From the Nebraska State Journa
Col. Bryan will come outof this camps
his wealth greatly augmented, even tf te 4
Gefeat atthe polls. The Republicans
use bia “First Battle’ as their campa s .
he owns the copyright

second @

bare

 

Money Thrown Away.
From the I ndianapolts Journct
“Is Cordelia having a good time at (he seashore?”
“No: ahe says she cot fee new bats and ee@rr®
Gown there goes bareheaded.”