a

wt

TE FO 2 age.
os

Sr es
~

eo ae

   

whl cimathinte acon Caley term mtnn immmmonr a: se

 

WASIN THETIENTSIN FIGHT,

NAVAL APPRENTICE WHITES OF HIS
LIVELY EXPERIENCES,

Was Sent Up to Tlentsin for a Guard While
Seymour Tried to Keach Pekin~In a Holt
Doren Fight« Hefore Kellef Came The Ter-
rible Panishment That the Chinese Endured,

Mra. Nellie Allan of Bayonne, N. J., haa just

received a letter from her elghteen-year-old
son, Clement Allan, who is an apprentice on
the old Monocacy, the gunboat which waa at

tine of the bombardment of the
the allled feet The;
was sent up to Tientsin with some other Aruer-
ind murines to help guard the
city while Admiral Seymour was trying to make
his way to Pekin to relieve tha besieged for-
elgners, He participated in the tregular fight-
ing which took place in ‘Tientsin before the re-
Heving force came up from Taku, and he saw
more of life ina very few days than he had ever
experienced Ills story is certainiy frank
enough, because he doesn't hesitate to say
that he was mialty seared when the Chinese
shells bewan popping around him

His letter is dated Taku, July 4. It was
written after hia return from Tientsin to Taku,
Ho tella his mother that on June 16 he was
transferred from the Yorktown, where he had
been serving, to the Monocacy, and sailed from
Shanghai that same afternoon for Taku, After
a four days’ run the obsolete old tub entered
the harbor of Taku and the young man began
to see service. It was already reported that
the Boxers were surrounding TMentsin and he
was sent with a landing party of twenty-two
Irwin, with a lot of
and French, to

‘Taki at the
Chinese forts by oungster

ican Dluejackets

men in command of Lieut
British, Germans
help out the threatened city,

“We were supposed to stay only five days,”
he writes, in telling of his Journey from Taku
to Tientain. “We had with us asmall fleld gun,
Woe were packed into the train and started off,
arriving at Tlentsin about We found
that the men who were there had all started
for Pekin, except the Russian soldiers and 4
few English and French, We marched to the
American mission, where there were large
grounds with «ix buildings. We had one of
the buildings for barracks. We had posts in
the streets all around the mission, Early next
morning we could see the Boxers setting fira
to biudldings iiside the elty, About &
o'clock that morning our guard of twenty-two
was called out Joown the we want lke

ebot of horses and when we got down t
our e@ioer was, Ab0u) Four lochs from the bar-
racks, we turned the corner to find, only half
a block away, about two hi ndred Boxers set-
ting fire to some bulidings, Just as soon as
they saw us they made arush at us with knives

HKussians,

noon

just

atreet

» where

 

 

   

 

     
 

   

 

and spears Two other fellows aud myself
were in the lead When we suw therm comina,
we dropped flat and commenced fring Phen
the men fell so fae that those in the r gO
ecared and rar Wi : threry el ~
ing we kept up a steady pre Phen t
a corner and we lost sightof then We eou {
eixtean dead where the were when they
charged flere must have been Afty or more
beyond, because all hands pute en shots
fnto-them. 1 fired enght mysel ery one
4 well aimed, tow
wear de ribing the vt arture of Admiral
Seymour's relief Loree, at nnow ww thatit
ad been cute up the roa ns to his
own personal experiences se next
morning,” he saves, “our offi yonma t
high building and saw ¢hinamen coming from
the old city to wher ve were »hacn { out
the guard Wey ched down to the old
and leftsixteen menonacorner, Then the rr
of us mat dowh t Harrow ireet where
there was nothit but mud ilidinas about
two stories high After we had gone three

blocks, we saw a clear space fhead and then a
bunch of CI Idiers. We formed in two
ranks, the front kneeling and the rear standing
I waa in the frontrank, third man from the er da
Then we were told to afm and fire, Aral the rear
shou

rank, then the front rank. You have
seen the Chinamen tall, As the rear rank was
about to fire again we heard shots from the

roof right alongside of us, and all of asuddena
marine who was next to me put hla hand to his
stomach and said, ‘Oh, | am killed.”
fell on his face, We were looking for the men
that were doing the firing, but could see nothing

 

of them. In another second a volley came
whizzing past us and we were ordered to re-
treat, carry!ng our dying man with us. One

 

of the bows wax just going to talse hold of him
when he yelled that he was shotin the arm and

leg We had to carry him, too, and run
t is a wender ali of us were not killed
f the Chinamen had been better shots
there would not have been one of us left. The

marine died a few minutes later We carried
the dead man and the wounded one to our bar-
racks. The marine was stowed away in the
cellar and the other mag was putin the hospital

“The day before we had this serap the Chinese
commenced to shell the cfty We were «ll sit-
ting outside waiting for a call when suddenly
we heard a report over our heads, and looking
up saw the smoke of a #hell that had burst,
Then there came another and another, and
another, and we knew we had jmperial troops
to fight, not Boxers. They shelled us all night,
but did no dathaae because they fired too high

“The next morning | bad the wateb from 12
to 2 o'clock down the street where our fleld
@un was. About t o'clock the Chinamen got
right on top of us and we jad to call more men
They sentsix more men to help us and [tell you
{t was 1 fun for eight of us in aw little
corner to stand off hundreds of Chinks. All
night long the shells were striking aro ind isa
The next morning they shelled the city from
five different places and it cot so hot for us
that we had to move to a drug store in the
centre of the city,whereall the restof the soldiers
and sailors were, all in one little square We
barricaded the streets argund us with bricks

 

  

  
     
  

  

and wool bates There is a river on one side
of the city and across the river thousands of
Chinks were {ntrenched "They had a S-ineh
gun over on tl ide and were shelling
the Russians ish. J, with four men,

¢

omenced picking off

gotup on are
the officers, when a sudden a shell burst
here was a bunch of

nat over the spot where the
el pe We saw a great nomber of them
fall. Then the Fnglish crossed the river and
charged on the wun They were almost there
when their Captain fell, and having no leader
they had to retrent Usa fellows on the roof
made it so hot for the gun's crew that they
had to abandon it aud run After this scrap
the Russlans buried sixty men, forty being
killed when that aheil burst. The English lost
about the same muniber

“We had such a few men that we were used
to reenf e the men on different tring lines
That afternoon we were called out t the Ena-
lish, who were on the other side of Qe city in
aamall mill, standliug alom abouta mile or two
away from the city All that night we were
{ntrenched around the mill with the shells
striking around us. We had no blankets and

had to lie on the ground, so that sleep was im-

 

 

yas ble Karly in the morning a shell went
nto the mill and we retreated into the city
Ry this time, with no sleep and very little to

pretty well worn out

 

ry the city was all afire. only a

ws being loft They shelled us

from Sunday unt! Sunday, and on Menday
they stopped. Net a shot was fired all that
«lay \\e heard if was hecause the Boxers
had trouble with the Imperial troops. That

night | was standing euard down street when
the Chinese commenced shelling the city again
One shell burst right over my head. The
pieces struck ai! around me, Then there came
another, this time so near that 1 was seared
but that didn't do me any good. Tfust couldn't
move. I thought my time had come. Then
there came another and still another, four
bursting over my head. I don't know what
saved me from instant death, but 1 supposed
God spared mo for von,
p'' Pieces of shell struck on every inch of ground
about me. They just seemed to clear the spot
where 1 stood. was awfully seared, but 1
knew it wouldn't do me any good to min, for
if there was a plece meant for me it would strike
ma, run or stand
On the following day about noon the ad-
vance guard of reenforcements came in, They
consisted of 150 American marines, The Rus
sians, English, Japs and Italiahs came in at
night. The marines were about five miles in
advance of the main_body. They were eight
days in getting to Tientsin. On the fourth
day they were within fve miles of the city and
vere driven back, losing their only two fleld
uns, besides five killed and nine wounded,
hen they passed over the same place two
days later they saw that the Chinamen had
out their dead up into small pieces, They
had to diga hole and throw the pleces into It.
» “Well, you can imagine how glad we were
when 2,000 men came tn The nextday, at 1
o'clock at night, we started out to reenforce
the Pekin relief column, which was only ten
niles from the city of Tientsin, unable to move
either way We got about two miles from
the city when the Chinks opened fire on us
After an hour's fighting we drove them away
We had a clear space then for about three miles
and everything was going nicely when aud-
deanly the enon fired onus Weal! lay down
behind the railroad bank and let therm shoot
away until daylight, when we got up from he.
hind the bank and rushet them with a yell
All you could see was heels Ve kept on until

   

 

 
 

we were winded and had to stop After an
hour's rest we etarted on again and had no
more trouble until we sighted our men They
were about two miles away and were in an
arsenal which they had captured The Chinks
were making rack on them just as we
cameup W leared them out, crossed the
river, and foined our men = Three days before
they had capture) the arsenal from the Chinks

and when we got
to recapture it
Ings and every

there the Chinks were trying
There were eight big build.

one was filled with guns and

ammunition, including eight big Krupp guns

eee

Then he |

tek ree gee em erp ne: oD aw teftene ae

    

 

 

 

 

 

d alot of dynamite sal te guns we had used
black powder, very for giving your po
sition away, #0 we Sirew them Into the river
and took the guna the Chinks were using, five
of therm of the lateat pattern, and 6,000 rounds
of ammunition That night they opened fire
on us again The serap lasted about three
hours and we had four wounded — In the morn-
ing we started for Tiantain, setting fire to the
arsenal so the Chinks could not come back
When we were about three miles away we saw
the Chinks trying to put the fir out, but it waa
too far gone ater there Wa an awful ex-
oston There muat have been hundreda
fit {, becattae they were all around when we
nat saw them. We arrived safely that night
in the city
After a night's eleen we started out to cap-
ture an arsenal five miles from the eity There
wasatwenty-foot wallaround i The Chinamen
did net fire on ua until we were within a thou.
sand yards, when we charged They kept up
a steady fire until we got almost to the w all
‘Then we gave an awful yell and yous ueht to
have seen then rus In the change only ene
of our men was wounded Phe Pnaglish lost
eight and had two wounded The wounde d
were left on the fleld as we char red When
the Chinks fled from the arsenal they tried to
get around in the rear of us They got as far
as the place where the wounded were and then
we charged them, buf not until they had cut
the poor fellows to nieces One Chink had an
nglishmean's head in a basket”
* ¥o ne Alian alan witnexeed the bombard-
ment of the Taku forts and he devotes a part
of his letter to a description of that history-
making event, After describing the portion
of the various foreign warshipa lying off the forts
and the regiment of Japs who were already
ashore, he eave
"The Russian Admiral
manded the surrender of the forts. He gave
them twelve hours in which to comply. Wve
hours later 30.000 Chinese troops marched down
to the forts andeverything was quiet until
2 o'clock. when there was a great lot of sia-
nalling going on in the forts, At} o'clock
all at once the forts opened fire on the ships
andthe shinaonthem. The Jans were to come
xround on the left flank and rush the fort. The
fire from the ships was so heavy that it drove
the Chinamen from the guns and the Jans
rished {tn over the wall, cutting right and left,
One Chinese officer who had only stumps of
his legs left. lav down as though dead until he
saw adap officer coming in and then he up with
his gun and shot him dead, Before the Japs
came in on them, one of the ships blew up the
magazine in oneof the forts and thousands
were Killed. Bodies of men were found hun-
dreds of yards away from the fortifications.
The Chinamen fought to the last, only six men
out of 30.000 being taken alive and these were
badiv wounded. One officer had his arm
hanging only be threads, and when he came
on board our ship. which was being used for a
hogpital, he juat pulled it off and threw it over-
hoard, You should have seen the sight those
forta were on the inside dead men piled up
six feet from the ground. You could not walk
without atepping on them. All they did was
fo pour oj] on them and burn them tp before
they had time to cool off It was the most
horrible sight you ever saw. Up where the
Monocaey lay) she got a 6-inch shell right
throveh her. It went Inone side and came
out the other, but hurt no one.”

 

rent ashore and de-

USNER MARRIED,

poroTnyr

Was Wedded to George M. Baxter on Staten
Island om Aug. 11.

George Melush Baxter, head of a news bureau

{n this city, was married on Aug. Il to Dorothy

 

Lsner, the actress, The ceremony was per-
formed at St. John's Episcopal Church, Rose-
bank, N, J., by the Rev. Campbell Walker
Col. Van Leer Polk, a grandson of President
James K Polk and Consul at Calcutta
under Cleveland's Admintstration, was best
man, After the wedding thero was a dinner

the Hotel Castleton,
Mr. Baxter met his wife early in January
of this year ‘The engagement was announced

at

 

jin June The wedding was set for some time
late in the fall Miss Usner was playing tn
Chieago, but as soon as their engagement

was announced she quit the stage, The change
in the date set for the wedding was explained

yesterday by Mr. Baxter's father
“It was my son's ortginal intention,” said
he, “to be married late in the fall, and he had

fanned to go to Bermuda on his wedding tour
Mr. Polk, who is @ great friend of my son's,
came to this eity from Honduras and, as he
{s only going to be here for a short time, my
son wanted inte to actas best man and decided
to get married at onoe.”

Dorothy Usner, us she was professionally
known, came to this city from Chicago five
veurs xngo. She was extensively photogranhed
Her pictures were shown in all styles and at-
tfrudes, and her first importunt engagement
came to an end through her passion for posing
as nan model. Nat Goodwin engaged her to go
with his company to San Francisco and Aus-
tralia. Miss Usner was an important merm-
ber of his company, but her pictures entirely
obscured every member of the organization.
So she retired and was seen next.on the stage
fn a performance of Ibsen's “John Gabriel
Borkmann,” given by the Independent Thea-
tre at Hoyt’s, Her latest engagement was
in “Why Smith left Home” at Hoyt's and tn
London, She brought suit once against Nat
Goodwin for defamation of character, based
on his” criticisms of her photographs and
when admittance to Shanley's principal res-
taurant was refused to her and Mr. and Mrs.
Hepner, she sued for $50,000 damages. But
that case was compromised by an apology
from the Shanleys.

 

 

SAYS HE KILLED JOHN ROBSON,
Murderer Was a Thief Whom Robson Surprised

in His OMce.

Siorx Cry, Ia., Sept. 2.—"Frank A. Peyton,
whom the St. Louts police are holding, is the
murderer of John EF, Robson,” said Chief of
Police Nelaon of this city to-day, Robson, a
widely-known railroad and bridge contractor,
was murdered on Dec, 29. The Chief of Police
and Capt. John B. Richard have just returned
from St. Louls, where they saw and talked
with Peyton, recognizing him as a noted crook.
Chief Nelson said

“The mystery is a mystery no longer. The
murder of John Robson, for which his dearest
friend was tried and anotier man put under
grave suspicion, is now plain, made so by the
criminal himself. Peyton has made a_ clean
breast of the whole affair and with such side
stories as to furnish positive proof. Just as
soon as we can find the revolver, which he hid
under a bridge here, we willhave the weapon with
which the crime was done. He said that on the
afternoon of the murder, which was Dee. 29
last, he and a confederate visited Robson's
oMce and sized upthe place Kobson and
hie partner, Wakefield, were busy with accounts
and Pevton learned that there was some money
inthe safe About 9 o'clock that night he went
to Robson's office when the men within left
and started for a train, Peston and his pal
effected an entrance and were working on the
sufe when Hobson returned

“The rattle of the door knob startled the
thieves and Perton said he junsped In front
of the door and as Robson entered
he struckt him with the butt end of a 44-caliber
revolver, felling him. Later he said he saw
the hatchet Iting beside the prostrate man,
all covered with blood, and hid it behind the
woodpile, The two thieves then separated,
agreeing to meet in the railroad yards, Pev-
ton sald he wrapped the revolver in a silk hand-

erchief and hid It under the West Third street
ridge near Robson's office. He did this,
he said, because revolvers were suspicious
things. Mle broke out bitterly saying had it
not heen for a woman he would not have come
to Sloug City and committed the crime.”

>

 
 

ASSAULTED AT CONEY ISLAND.

A Young Couple Say That a Negro Attacked
and Robbed Them.

George Kunkel, 19;years old, of 234 East Fifty-
fourth street and Fanny Baum, 17 years old,
of 1818 Third avenue ran {nto the Coney Island
police station at midnight and told the
sergeant that they kad been assaulted and
robbed. Their clothing was torn and both were
covered with blood from cuts inthe head and
other parts of the body.

Kunkel and the girl told the police that they
were sealed on a park bench on the Ocean

Boulevard, near Uoney Island Creek, when
a negro, about 35 years old, dressed
in dark cqdothing and wearing a black

Fedora hat, sprang from the bushes back of

them and knocked Kunkel down with a slung
thot. Then he kicked Kunkel in the face and
took his gold watch and chain and $7 in money.
He threatened to kick Kunkel if ho made any
noise,

‘the @irl screamed, and the negro, putting his
hand over her mouth, dragged her into the
bnshes and criminally assauited her. Then he
fled. The twe managed to get back to the sta-
tlon to make their complaint.

Capt. Driscoll sent. out a dozen policemen
and jthey séon rounded un four negroes. The
girl and Kunkel both declared that none of
those orrested was the mau who had assaulted

hem, but the negroes were held on suspicion,

.

 

 

Got Beyond Her Depth.

While bathing off the foot of Twenty-first
avenue, Bensonhurst, yesterday afternoon,
Mra. Mary Schiff of 570 DeKalb avenue, Brook-
lyn, got berond her depth and shouted for
help. Several bathers put to her assistance
undshe was finally brought to the shore, but

was unconscious A physician attended her
and she was removed to her home

Well-Bullt Dwelling Houses,

in the city or out of town, are always in de-
feane r UN fenders espedally require the
rest Oreach them use the real es © col-
umns.—Adv vag Cy

MIR LAREN 5

CAA le ce 4a lids ad ad LA dingo f

American warships
flagship
about noon, and immediately the news spread
through the town, attracting hundreds to the
shore curious for a first glimpse of the ship, She
steamed in shortly and anchored behind Bar

by the committee was substants
by Admiral Farquhar
cided that there would be a battalion drill at
the Kebo Valley Club by the marines of the
American warships, and an effort is to be meee
to have the Fnglish marines give a similar
exhibition.

on Tuesday
American Admirals,
Upshur, retired, together with the Committee
on Reception.
the formal receptions to the officers of
fleeta will take place at the St. Sauveur, which
{s draped from basemen
dreds of flags and folda o
fair will be a
several hund

 

was thought to be over
received a telegram from the writer of the let-
ter, Mr. Hodges, who had just returned to this
country and had been
challenge
the challenge and asks that Dalton

place, time and weapons for the duel.

 

THE HUDSON TWICE.

SHE SWAM

Mise Raabe Wins All the Ice Cream Soda Rets
ie Sight.

Miss Gussie Raabe, a young woman of Wash-
ington Heights, swam the Hudson yesterday
at 168d street after betting all the lee cream
sodas and candy that her allowance for the next
month would buy that she could do it. Miss
Raabe is the daughter of a well-to-do citizen
of the heights, and her ability as a swimmer
has become well known all along the banks
of the Hudson, Recently she remarked in an

| off-hand way that she did not believe that it

would be so very hard to awim the river, The
rest of the girls hooted at her. They said that it
was easy enough for her to talk like that, but
that they. did, ot have a yery vivid mental
picture of her trying the feat Miss Kaabe
eaid that she was not foking at all The girls
laughed the harder and went home and told
their brothers about it. Por reasons | best

! known to themselves the voung men did not

their sisters in ridicule but said with the

jour

Hitrnoat respect that they did not believe that
the young woman knew just how wide the
Hudson was when vou tried to swim acrosa

it Some of them had found by weary expe-
rience that it was almost twice aa far from the
middle of the river to the Jersey shore as it
was from the Harlem shore to the middle

“T don't care,” said Miss Raabe, “I believe I
could do it, and some fme Lam going to try “

All her young women friends came around
and sald they would bet small quantities of
candy and drug store credit In soda water that
first she wouldn't really try the feat and that
secondly if ahe did try it she would fail) She
expressed a willingness to take up a reasonable
number of these «mall wagers, which were
duly recorded. Becatse bets, the way men
make them, are 60 complicated, these bets were
all made even

Yesterday Mias Raabe, attired in a brand
new bathing suit, and accompanied by Clarence
Maase, the swimming champlon of the Waverley
Boat Club, struek out into the river at 163d
street. They were followed by a boat in which
were several of Mr Maase’s friends and a chap-
eron anda representative of the girls who had
made the soda water wagers Miss Raabe
started at so slow a pace that the gathering
which had collected on the shore to see the
attempt Was quite sure that she would never
wet anywhere, but in the middle of the river
she seemed to be swimming more strongly
than when she started) She kept her course
straight forthe old powder house on the Jersey
bunk of the river and the strong tide changed
her direction but very litde. She and her
companion climbed out on the powder house
platform just fifty-seven minutes from the
time when they entered the water

The whole party went up the Palisades to
a hotel after the swimmers had changed their
clothes in the bathhouses at the powder house,
and remained there until 5 o'clock. ‘lwo hours
and a half were spent in the return to the New
York side. There was uo object in making
time, and the swimmers amused themselves
and their friends in the boat by floating, play-
ing water polo and pretending to rescue one
another from drowning, making slow progress
toward the Harlem shore all the time. When
they arrived at the bath houses It was quite
dark There was not a girl in sight. Miss
Raabe is understood to have said that ft will
be a long time before she wil be ready to re-
peat the feat because she has so much ice cream
soda and candy to destroy in the immediate
future.

THE NEW YORK AT BAR HARBOR.

 

First ef the Arrivals From the American and

British Fleets tn Port.
Ban Hanson, Me,, Sept. 2.~-The first of the
came in toeday. The

New York appeared off Eee Rock

Is!and leaving Frenchman's Bay open
for the English fleet, The yachts
in the harbor and scores” of other
vessels iminediately began a noisy

salute in which the screeching of whistles was
mixed with the booming of yacht cannons, The
Boorpion
str
The hearsarge lias arrived at Northeast Harbor,
fifteen coiles from here, and will remain at anchor
there over night
to-morrow,
Indiana, ‘lL exas :
reach here before sundown

also arrived toeday. The rest are
tna out along the coast at varying distances

She will be the first to arrive
by the Massachusetts,
‘Lhey will

followed
nd Kentucky.

On the arrival of the New York, with Ad-

miral Farquhar aboard, Dr. Robert Amory and
Admiral Upshur, retired, chairman of the Com-
mittee on
visitors and complete the arrangements for
the entertainment which will be given con-

Reception, went out to meet the

ointly by the American fleet and society here
‘he elaborate programme already announced
y_ agreed to
It was definitely de-

Adiiiral Sampson ts aboard the Kearsarge

at Northeast Harbor and will arrive here to-
morrow.
week,
decision of Admiral Rampeon, to lend his pres
ence during the blg wee

prise
on Friday night.

He is expected to remain at least a
Admiral Upshur sald to-day that the

was A pleasant sur-
He Joined the battleship at Rockland

The British fleet is expected to arrtve at noon
The ships will be met by three
arquhar, Sampson and

At 4 o'clock in the afternoon
both

to roof with hun-
bunting. This first
public event and there will be
persons present.

 

ACCEPTS A PROXY DUEL,

 

Man Whe Provoked a Chatienge to Congress

man Lester Offers to Fight,
Omana, Neb., Sept. 2.- Several months ago W.

T. Hodges, formerly of Savannah, Ga., but now
of
Congressman Lester of Georgia, desoribing the
deplorable conditions In South
condemning
army and their officers.

the Transvaal, wrote to his friend,

Africa and
of the British

Congressman lester

letter to the press and it was pub-
R. Grant Dalton, an Englishman

the methods

ave the
ished widely

resident of Omaha, saw the article in print and
wrote to Lester demanding that he retract the
charges of his friend and challenging him to a
duel if the retraction was not made at once

Lester ignored the challenge and the matter
Yesterday Mr. Dalton

informed of Dalton's
age Mr. Hodges accepts
name the

Tn the meas

Mr. Dalton says he will ignore the reply sinoe

the wording is not in strict accord with the

usage of the old time code

ever, that he stands ready to flight Mr. Hodges

provided the latter will come to Omaha for the
uel,

He insists, how-

THROWN IN FRONT OF A TRAIN,

 

Hauried Twenty Feet by the Engine and Then

Mangled Under the Wheels,
Peter Karroll of St. James street and Kings

bridge road, Fordham, an employee of the
New York and Putnam Railroad, was struck by
a train at 10 o'clock last nightat Macomb street,
Kingsbridge.
away and landed on the tracks {1 front of the
train, which passed over him, frightfully muti-

He was thrown twenty feet

lating his body.

 

OBITUARY.

Dr. Alfred F. Clay, organizer and Preeident

of the New Orleans Society for the Prevention

of Crueity to Children and founder of the Waifs’
Home, died yesterday aged 49. He was a

native of Chester, Eng. He came to this
country in 1872, entered the Methodist ministry
and preached throughout Louisiana. He took
charge of the Dryades Street Church in New
Orleans in 1889. When there he became in-
terested {in the condition of walfs, organized
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, and finally in 1892 raised enough
money to establish a waifs’ home at Beativoir,
Miss., on the Gulf Coast, where a large number
of children were cared for.

Thomas F. Goodwin, a well-known Brooklyn
undertaker, died early yesterday morni at
his home, 025 Bushwick avenue in his thirty-
seventh venr. He was a son of former Post-
master Thomas Goodwin. He was one of the
founders of the Andrew Jackaon Club of the
Twenty-eiahth Ward, the Empire Club and the
Revinour Club. He was the Vice-President
of the Kings County Undertakera’ Association,
a member of the State Undertakers’ As-
sociation and a delegate to the National Agsocia-
tion of Undertakers. He was aleo Deputy State
Chancellor of the Catholic Benevolent Lagion

John Pickett, State Treasurer of Louisiana
from 1802 to 1808, died at Shreveport yesterda
aged ©) = He was a resident of ssier pariah
and at the head of the Farmers'Alliance When
in the campaign of 1892 that association joined
with the Independent Democrats in opposition
to the Louisiana Lottery he was nominated
op ew Anti-Lottery ticket for Treasurer and
electec

 

4 THE REAL ESTATE BOARD OF BROKERS

are using THE SUN as an official authority on
al matters appertaining to Real Estate. A
more comprehensive and detailed form of
general news information is not to be found
in any other publication. —Adv,,

  

SNOT MS Re! SOE SS

TS

a
a |

¥ “Pr 0 7 .

THE SUN, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3

a em

FOR WANT OF ACLEAN SHIRT

QUINN STABRED A CHINAMAN AND
AN AMBULANCE WAS WRECKED.

 

Doctor Waa Flang on Uis Mead and Stanned
and the Ambalance Driver Dragged Over
the Dashboard Something Broke tn Their
Horry to Get to Work on Lee's Wounds,

John Quinn's desire for a clean shirt yester>
day afternoon was responsible for the stabbing
ofa Chinaman, the destruction of an armbu-
lance, the knocking outof adoctor, the bruis-
io: of theambulapce driver and a whole heap
of excitementin Monroe street

It was Frank Le: or Sung Lee, as he was

known before his conversion, who was atabbed

Lee's laundry is at 9 Monroe street,

Ife belongs the Fifth Avenue Baptist

Chureh and he does not believe in doing busi-

ness on Sunday. Quinn, wholives across the

street at No. 10, is one of Lee's customers. He

  

to

his only clean shirt was at the laundry, Quinn
crossed the street, pounded on the door and
when Jee answered explained what wis wanted,
“Nodo it; keep shop alles close tight like a
dium evely Sunday. Me Clistian alle samee
Melican man," Lee explained

“That's just why Oj want me shoirt, ye dom
haythen. It's Sunday," expostulated Quinn,

“Can't wolk alle samee,"’ asserted the China-
man
The two worked their way {nto the rear of the
shop, arguing all the time. Finally Quinn,
finding pleading vain, resolved to use more
forcible means to make the laundryman
understand how necessary it was that he
should have the shirt. Quinn peeled
off his coat and drawing a pocketknile
sprang atLee before the latter realized what
was going on, and slashed him twice across the
face. Then seeing the biood spurt the Lrish-
man dashed for the door and disappeared down
the street. A Chinese boy who had seen the
last part of the affair from a window rushed
screatning for help, and the nearest policeman,
learning what had happened, sent in a hurry
call for a doctor to Gouverneur Hospital
At the hospital Driver Morris hitched up his
anibulance, Dr. Sweeney hopped on behind and
the driver whipped up for the scene of action
As the ambulance rattled down Monroe street,
near the Pike street corner, something cracked
A moment later the hind axle broke, the kKing-bolt
came out and the ambulance crashed to the
ravement. The jolt threw Dr Sweeney head-
long {nto the wagon, His head struck one of
the uprehts and he was knocked insensible
In the meantime the borse, frightened by the
noise, had run away. With the king-bolt out,
there was nothing to connect him with the am-
bulance but the reins. Driver Morris clung
turhtly to these and was drugged, face down-
ward over the dashboard
Men from the crowd that had collected soon
stopped the horses. It was found that Morris
had escaped with bruises on the head and a
eenerni shaking up, but Dr. Sweeney was not
so lucky, Hewes carried intoadrug store at
Pike and Monroe gtreeta, A doctor living in
the neighborhood was surmmoned to dress and
bandage Dr Sweeney's head. After some titne
he recovered consctousness and was taken back
to the hospital. The horse was led back to the
stable and the ambulance was taken away ona
truck x)
In the meantime a freah outfit had started
out from Gouverneur and had reached Frank
lee without any tnusual inciuents. His
wounds were not serious, They were dressed
at the hospital and he was sent home.
The Madis in street police, late last night, had
not succeeded in capturing Quinn, They'll get
him soon they say.

GLASS WORKERS FOR M'KINLEY.|
Prosperity and Higher Wages Came With the
Repablican Admintstration.
JALTIMORE, Sept. 2?.-The glass workers
of this city and of the country generally, al-
most to a man, {irrespective of party, are ex-
pected to vote for McKinley. One of the best
known members of the Glass Blowers’ As
sociation, Mr. William Peck, makes this as-
sertion:
“I don’t know how the other trades are going
to vote, but I do know that the glass blowers are
for McKinley to aman. The question of Rparty
does not enter into it. It is purely a matter
of self interest and the Democrats and Republi-
cans of our union are al united on this matter
“Why are we for McKinley? Because we
are convinced that in this direction lies our
bread and butter The glass business is now
ina most flourishing condition. All the fac-
tories are working fulltime, and the orders
can hardly be filled. I belong to the Glass
Bottle Blowers’ Association and in our line
business is rushin, The demand from Cuba,
Porto Rico,the Philippines andgChina has vastly
stimulated the bottle trade, and if that is one
of the resulta of the McKinley Administration
we surely cannot kick.
“Our wages have been ralsed 15 per cen
in the past two years, 8 per cent. last year an
7 per cent. this year, just restoring the cut that
was made under the Democratic administra-
tion in 1893.”

 

ALL NIGHT IN A CORNFIELD.
Smith W. Krom of This City Loses His Way
Trying to Find His Summer Boarding House.

BINGHAMTON, Sept. 2—Smith W. Krum of
Now York, a summer boarder at South Una-
dilla, lost his way and came near to losing his
life in a threeeacre cornfield belonging to Niche
olas Moore of that placa Mr. Krum was ex-
pected at the farmhouse and wired his wife
to meet him at the depot. He did not coma,
Dut wired her that he would be on the next
train. Later she received a message saying

“Missed the train,” and thought he would not
arrive that night Cogtrary to expectations,
he alighted = at the depot in the
dark and attempted to make his
way to the farmhouse on foot He en-
tered a cornfield, but could not find
his way out. For hours he wandered around
and then sank down exhausted, It began to
rain and the water came down in torrents,
At daylight he was discorered by a farmer
utterly exhausted. He had wandered in a
circle around the cornfield, with the house hea
was in search of alinost in sieht. He con-
tracted a bad cold and tt it was feared would
terminate in pneumonia, ‘ihe telegram,
“Missed the train,” which caused all the trouble
should have been delivered before instead of
after the second message, as it referred to the
first train.

DUG UP SPANISH GOLD,
Negro Said to Have Revealed the Hiding
Place tn Mr. Tallter's Yard.

New ORLEANS, La., Sept. 2.-Several dags
ago a sum of Spanish gold is said to have been
found in a jar buried in the yard of Fred Tullier
in the Sardine Point settlement in West Baton

Rouge Parish few weeks ago when in New
Orleans Mr. Tullier was told by a negro that a
large sum of gold not less than $9,000 was
buried in his yard at the foot of a fig tree, and
for a apecified sum he would come up to his
lace and search for it, After making a care-
ul examination digging began at the foot of
the tree and after about twenty-four hours the
prize was found. The newro received, his
share and departed that night. Mr, Miler
admits that be found some money, but the
amount he would not disclose,

 

American Cyclist Defeated at Paris,
Special Cable Lespaich to THR SUN,

Panis, Sept. 2. Bastien, the French bicyoltat,
to-day beat Lake, an American, {n a paced
match at 25 kilometres. Bastien’s time was 25
minutes 6 seconds.

Huret established a professional record for
the same distance, his time being 23 minutes
86 4-6 seconds.

 

Mrs. John M, Moore Dies Suddenty.

It was reported at the Coroner's office in
Queens last evening that Mrs. Mary L. Moore,

the wife of Supreme Court Clerk John M.
Moore, had died suddenly at the Sea Side
House, Rockaway Beach, yesterday afternoon
without medical attendance. Mrs Moore ha
been in poor health for several months

Get Your Share

of Fall and Winter business.

The Telephone Service

provides a door to your estab-
lishment accessible to the
TENS OF THOUSANDS of
possible customers in New
’ York who are Telephone Users.

Rates for Telephone Service In
Manhattan from $5.00 a Month,

One-Year Contracts. Monthly Payments.

NEW YORK TELEPHONE CO,

15 Dey Street. 111 West 38th Street.

 

     
     
       
   
       
     

  

   

maintains that no manshould wear a soiled shirt |
on the Sabbath, and yesterday he found that |

, 1900.

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

 

 

The prevalence of bridge whist at New-
port and the overwhelming interest in the
game to the prejudice of other affairs that

\ eommonly absorb summer residenta has al-
ready described, The extent to which
the game has been plaved this season can
| well be understood by the fact that one young
| girl in afetety fixed her earnings during the
|
sumer at $2,000, She played the game well
land is now that much ahead, with practically
| another month before her in which to increase
her winnings, She has the reputation of hav-
ling done better than any women devoteosy
of the game, although the profits of some of
the men at Newport were much larger, Dur-
| ing the yaeht races, the interest in: cards. did
|not altowether dle out, concerned as New-
| porters were in the result of the con tests Iwo
| of the largest steam yachts at Newport fol-
} lowed the boate, but forall that their passengers
law of the races they might have remained
at home, The game of bridge whist began
each day soon alter the boat was under way
and continued to the exclusion of every other
| subject, So when the passengers on these
two boats returned to Newport they had seen
nothing of the races, The day was probably
| passed in the same way by passengers on the
other yachts, but it) only) becaine positively
| known of these two.

Sig. Julius Perotti is again a familiar figure
on Broadway. His mustache is a gloasy black
and the tint of youth colors his curly locks.
His gold-rimmed eyeglasses sit formally on
his nose and his progress through the streets
is accompanied with the dignity that attaches
to all the tenor’s actions, Whether Sig. Perotti
has returned to take the place of M. Jean de
Reszke has as yet not been announced, but if
Sig. Perotti makes this declaration it will
be received with greater seriousness than it
was last year. The singer's suggestion on
his arrival here that he was quite wiling to

| help out Mr. Grau so long as M. de Reszke was
not to return was met with rather amused
interest. But Sig. Perotti had the satisfaction
of doing exactly what he suggested and was
a member of the company at the Metropolitan
before the season was over. M. de Reszke's
return is a8 uncertain as it was this time a year
ago. Sig. Perotti may still be summoned to
jay the same important role in affairs at the
Metropolitan that he was called on to do last
season.

been

It {9 a surprise to hear that the meeting of
the Northeastern Saengerfest held last July
in Brooklyn was not a financial success, as it
Was at one time thought it had been prosper-
ous to a degree unprecedented in connection
with such affairs, It seemed to the most cas-
ual observer at the Saengerfest performances
that everything possible had been done to In-
sure the financial success of the undertaking
at all events, The programme was a bulky
mass of advertisements and was filled with
paid biographies of various persons who had
the pleasure of seeing their pictures printed
along with the programmes of the concert,
Che committee received a bonus of $3,000 from
the owners of the park in which the final pienie

was held, and the explanation was made that
any awards would have to be late, as the com-
mittee Gwed it to the owners of the gardey to
keep the guests there long enough for then
wet an opportunity to make their money back
All the prizes presented for the contests, ex-

pt that one wiven by the Eniperor of Ger-
lnany, were linmg with advertisements of the
persons who gave them, and the little Ameri-
can flags waved by the chorus of children were

    

 

 

  

 

  

 

described as the gift of certain other persons,
It looked as if the actual outlay for the expenses
ot the festival must have been very small
For that reason it is surprising to tind that
there will be a deficit rather than a profit, In
the meantime President Saenger and Arthur
Claassen have been presented to the German
Kinperor and have thanked him for the prize

 

which caused so much dissension in the group
of clubs They were invited by the Emperor
to occupy a box at a performance of Rhein:
gold,” given at the Berlin Opera House the

 

other night,

The competition among the bathers at Man-
hattan Beach, who are endeavoring to see how
brown they can get, is becoming sharper as
the end of the season approaches. That there
is really rivalry in this particular {fs obvious
to any person who has seen the closeness with
which oneapplicant for first honors will eye his
competitors, They are not always acquainted,
but as they meet almost daily {t is possible
for these rivals to keep informed as to the
progress made by each other, The process
of acquiring the deep tan which all these men
are working for ia simple, and consists chiefly
of aitting on the sand as long as possible, in-
stead of getting into the ocean he water is
regarded as a mere means of aiding the acqui-
sition of ashade of brown as deep as possible.
Time is apparently the thing most needed for
success in this effort, although it occasionally
seems as if a great deal of patience must also
be necessary to enable a man to lie for the
greater part of a day on his back facing the sun.
Yer that is what the competitors at the beach
willingly do every day. he honors this year
appear to have gone to 4 thin young man who
wears a very much curtailed red suit, and has
acquired a color second only to that of the
bathing masters, Envious eyes are turned
toward him as the season for bathing comes
to a close, and the satisfaction of having ac-
quired the best tan will undeupeedly go to
him. There ts no other reward than this, but
it seems ample to the men who enter the oom-
vetition with so much perseverance and de-
ermination.

THREE KILLED AT A

 

CROSSING,

 

 

The Fast Mai! Train on the New York Central
Strikes a Carriage Near Syracuse,

Syracvsr, Sept. 2.—The fast mail train, east-
bound, on the New York Central Railroad, due
here at 7:50 o'clock this evening, struck a car-
riage on the Baldwinsville road just west of
this elty and killed three people and Injured

la fourth, The dead are Patrick Foley, a

farm foreman at the [House of Provi-
dence; Mrs Ellen Foley, his sister,
and ‘a {Miss Banchard, all of this city,

Patrick Maroney was badly hurt and ts at
St. Joseph's Hospital, where he will probably
recover.

Foley, who was drtving, could not see the
approaching train, his vision being interrupted
by a freight train standing near the crossing.
Fngineer Frank H. Steele of the fast mail did
not know of the danger unt) his engi:.e crashed
into the team.

SLEEPER DROWNED FROM A_ PIER.

They Fished Him Out of the River, but the
Boat Hook Broke and Let Him tn Again.

Daniel Monahan of 58 Bowery went to sleep
on the stringpiece of the pier at the foot of
Market street, East River, last night, and rolled
into the water, Patrick Corrigan and Michael
Cronin tried to fish bim out with a boat hook,
When they had hauled him almost up the hook
slipped and he fell back into the water. When
they fished him out the second time he was un-
conscious and he died soon afterward.

Bryan's Labor Day Sentiment,

CuIcaAGo, Sept.2.—In response to a request
for asentiment on Labor Day Mr. Bryan, to-
night wrote the following:

“The laborer is worthy of hia hire. On this
day, set apart for the consideration of the e-
workers’ interests, let each one inquire whether
the man who toils enjoys a fair share of the
proceeds of his labor and, {f not, let him apply
aremedy.”

 

 

 

 

Tattooed Cracifix on Drowned Man's Arm.

A heavy, middle-aged man with sandy and

ray hair and mustache was found drowned off

Pier 85, North Fiver, yestetaay, n his right
arm is atattooed crucifix. The y appeared
to have been in the water about three days. It
is now at the Morgue.

Maine Naval Reserves to Orulise.

ForRTLAND, Me., Sept, 2.—The {United States

ship Prairie arrived to-day and to-morrow will
take aboard the Maine naval reserves for a
week's training cruise She will put into Gar-
diner’s Bay, Long Island Sound, on Thursday
for target practice.

 

Olof RB Olsen, 88% years old, of 223 Twenty-

fourth street, Brooklyn, fell_dead yesterday in
a room in the rear of Henry Moneee's saloun at
217 Court street.

| More Cloakmakers Gain Thetr Demands,
The Cloakmakers’ Union reported yesterday

| that twenty-five firms in all, employing 7,000

| cloakmakers, had granted the new demands of
| their employees without strikes being re-
| sorted to

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,
Qecenesecmmens
John Healy, 22 years old, fell into the North River
from a tugboatat Sixty-seventh street yesterday and
was drowned. j

 

Board as at Home

| * Boul to Gad ia a jerge olty. Such places
ough, are to be found advertised in T
| under “Select Board,” —Aads» so

 

\

 
 

——

a

Se

WAY TO AVERT A COAL STRIKE,

Operators Willing to Deal With Individoal
Unions Formed Solely by Their Own Men,

WILkes- Banne, Pa., Sept. 2.-The action of
the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western
Miners’ Union, who on Tuesaday will de-
mand a wage tncrease of 10 fer cent,

will have an important bearing on the threat.
ened genoral strike of the United Mine Workers
The Do. & Wo men formed an exclusive inion
confined to employees of the company as soon
as they found the United Mine Workers were
ignored by the operators, and wheu they heard
the operators gay they were at all times will
ing to treat with their own men, but war ted
no interfering outsiders, The D,L. & W
union has existed only three weeks and now
the men want an inerease, If they don't get it
they will probably strike with the Lnited Mine
Workers, but if (tis aranted the United Mine
Workers’ strike may not take place, If it
does the D., Lb. d& Wo men will have all the work

they can do and (t will be a heavy blow to the
United Mine Workers, which, hoping to close
down all the mines, finds the big collieries of
the D. lL. & Wo at work, Another view of the
Kittiation is thatif the D., 1. & Wo men wet their
nerease of 10 percent, the emplovees of other
ye companies will cut adrift from the United
Mine Workers, form company unions and take
the operators at their words, If the D., L
& W. grants the (increase the other companies
eannot well refuse, A Reading operator said
to-day

“The bie companies have no objection to
their own emplovees forming unions, but they
do not want outsiders to Interfere. L thin
company unions would lead to a better under-
standing all around and to a satisfactory ad-
Justment of the difleulties existing. We are
doing all we can to prevent a strike and will
do so if the miners will but listen to reason
and not be guided by hotheaded agitators
I think if a vote was taken 80 percent, of the
miners would onpose the strike. I know their
wives and families would, because the sufferin,
of a strike would be greatest tipon them, an
they realize from past experiences that the
union can not long provide them with money.
It would take over a million dollars a month
to provide for all the miners in the anthracite
region, and that would be little enough.”

The operator said that there would be more
coal mined this year than for several years’
providing the strike did not take place. Up
to the first of September the output has been
greater than for the same months during any
of the last five veara

It {4 announced by leading minera at Ply-
mouth to-day that on Tuesday the Delaware
and Hudson Coal Company will post notioes at
its collieries there announcing a reduction in
the price of powder from $2.76 to $1504 keg
This ia the concession dernanded by the United
Mine Workers, and {f the rumor is true the Del-
aware and Hudson will be the first company to
aetunder cover. The local officials say they
have nothing to say on the matter.

Strike Pickets Must Be Good,

The Central Federated Unton discussed yes-
terday the strike of the shirt-waist makers {n
M. I. Nathan & Co.'s factory. 118 Spring street,
A committee which had been appointed to try
to settle thestrike reported that Mr. Nathan
was willing togrant the prices demanded, but

 

was not wiling to discharge the non-union
hands, The committee advised the strikers
to send out fewer pickets, to keep

them ata respectful distance from the factory
to prevent ther from resorting to violence and
to make them refrain from ooting
“scabs,’’ The ¢ F * decided that if the
strikers donot adopt these suggestions it will
keep its hands off the strike and let the strikers
fight their own battle

Cc, F. U. and Liquor Dealers to Co-operate,

Ernest Bohm of the Ale and Porter Brewers’
reported at the meeting of the Central Fed-
erated Union yesterday on behalf of acom-
mittee which had conferred with the State
Wine, Beer and Liquor Dealers’ Association
concerning coSperation. The C. FU. asked
the liquor dealers to sell onty union beer and
employ union help, in retugn for which the
C.F UL. would undertake to instruct its afmfil-
ated unions to support only the saloons of
the as-ociation, Bohm said that the asaocia-
tion agreed to this, and it wis also agreed that
a committee of five shoud be appointed asa
permanent arbitration board. The report was
adopted.

Browx Painters Make Demands.F> 4

Demands have been made by the Bronx local
union of the Brotherhood of Painters for $3 a
day, an eight-hour work day, five days in the
week and a seven-hour work day on Saturday
to go into effect to-morrow. There are 1,605
members {in the union. A committee of the
union will go to all the employers to-morrow to
find out how many of them grant the demands.
Strikes will be ordered against all who refuse.

End of the Flemington Coal Miners’ Strike.

Fieminoton, W, Va., Sept. 2.—The ooal strike
at the extensive mines here begun on July 8
last has been settled by Mr. J.C. MoK. Richard-
son, the company's mine superintendent and
engineer. The pick miners receive a reduction
of five cents per car, and the machine mena

ronortionate reduction, Day and contract
abor remain as before

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

MINIATURE ALMANAC~—THIS DAY.
Sun rises......6:27 | Sun sets..0:32 | Moon seta....——
HIGH WATER—THIS DAY.
Gandy Hook.12:45| Gov. I'd...1:20| Hell Gate....8:18

Arrived--SUNDAY, Sept 2.

Ss La Touraine, Santelli, Havre. Aug 25.
Ss Maasdam, Bakker, Rotterdam, Aug. 23.
Sa Bovic, Jones, Liverpool, Aug. 24

Ss Deutschland, Schierhorst, Rotterdam, Aug. 21,
Ss Masconomo, Mann, Algoa Bay, July 18

Ss City of Rome, Baxter, Greenock, Aug. 25

Ss Citta di Messina, Massardo, Genoa, Aug. 1,
Ss Roratma, Murgah. Demerara, Aug. 23.

Ss Comus. Kemble New Orleans, Aug. 29

Ss Curity ba. Hoppe, Matanzas. Aug. 290.

Ss Ariatloo, Tartrabocchla Algiers, Aug. 12.

Ss Caracas, Woodrich, San Juan, P. R,, Aug. 20
Ss Algonquin, Platt. Jacksonville, Aug. 30.
8s Jefferson, Dole, Norfolk, Sept 1.

Ss Goldsboro, Swain, Photladelphia, Sept 1,
Ss Horatio Hall, Kragg, Portland, Sept, }.
Ss H. M. Whitney, Hallett, Boston, Sept L

e

SAILED FROM FPOREIGN PORTS

Ss Etruria, from Queenstown for New Yor
8s Barbarossa, from Southampton for New York

OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS
Sati To morrow.

 

   
     

 

 
   
 

  
 
 
 
     
  

 

Matis Close, Vessel Satis
Deutschiand, Hambure TSOAM 1100AM
Katser Wilhelm der Grosse,

Bremen + 6S0AM 1000AM
Algonquin, Charleston,...  .secccee s00PM
Fl Monte, New Orleans rsaees 300PM
Alllancga, Colon 9S0AM 100P M

Sail Wednesday, Sept. 5.
Oceanic. Liverpool 1100 AM 200PM
St Paul, Southampton.... 7TOOAM 1000AM
Southwark, Antwerp...... 10830 AM 1200M
Ithaka, Tampico . » 100PM s00PM
Sabine, Galveston os eee < Ss00PM
Caribbee, St Thomas..... 1230 PM S00P M
Buffon, Pernambuco 8S0AM 1100AM
Tjomo, Inagua ss 1000AM 1200M
Ithaka. Tampico...... 100PM s00oPM
oatl Thursday, Sept 6.
La Touraine Havre sess B30AM 1000 AM
Columbia, Hamburg 630AM 1000 AM
Grosser Kurfuerst,Bremen... 200P M
Vigilancia, Havana... 100PM s00P M
Santiago de Cuba, San-
GARG. cccccccessrscevecsse 100P M sooP M
INCOMING STERAMSHIPS.
Maracaibo ... i
Penpol..., Havre ‘6 16
PIBOED ccs cores cee New Orleans Aug. 2
Lady Armstrong.. soe Stettin. Aug. 15
Hekla oi. 006 5050060 0905 MREUEEDS canoes Aug. 16
City of Birmingham...... Savannah.... Aug. 350
o Due To merane wd

UPBCRO....0sccee we ereers -& Guayra Aud

pen e 5 Lucia... Aue. 3
tl Mar vew Orlean. L
Antilifa.... - Nassau. Auk 36
Furope...... .. London

State of Nebras vive Glasgow
Westermiand............... Antwerp...

 

     

   
    

Advance... 000080000 Colon....
Alexander Bixio........ Havre... cee.

Due Wednesday, Sept. 5.
Teutonia..... +++ Liverpool... y
Dunblane... “Shields... Aug. 22
El PQB0...cccresccoceee +o New Orleans... ....Aug. 30

Due Thursday, Sept. 6.
labn. e : Bremen... ........-Aug. 28
Poniac... Gibraltar . Aug. 2
Wingrove...... St. Michaels....... Aug. 27

Due Friday, Sept. 7.
Auguste Victoria......... Hamburg .....
Patricia. ... «++. Hamburg
lrave ‘ Bremen

 

 

EXQUISITE SOUPS

can be made from ordinary “‘stock”
by the addition of a little

LIEBIG

COMPANY'S EXTRACT of Beef

 

 
     
     

the workers |

 

 

 

y,

pay

PLANNED FOR LABOR D.

VARIOUS WAYS
wiht

Wien THE
ORSERVED,

Unasnal Apathy Shown by the Vorious Unton,
in Celebrating the Occasion Two
Parades Are to Ue Held, and a Number

Smal

of Pleates and Other Fntertatamenrs
To-day is a legal holiday by virtue of
of the Legisliture passed in deforenen ¢
demands of the laboring men of the State t
a day be seat aside especially for thon
brate Already they are tiring « tat

year organize t labor as aboiy will not;

pate in any general celebration The }

will be utilized by individual organiza
pienios, festivals, sports and exeursior j
roads and steamboat lines have eut rate no
encourage travel and it is expected that; \

thousands of persons will pass the day «
town, There will be two small parade ’
Housesiniths’ and Bridgmen's Union having «

strike on its hands and being desirous « Ahr
ing up the interest of its metibers decided thar
the best way to do il Was te parade lhey ay.
pect to turn out 1,500 men from Manhattan and

Brooklyn, The parade will form at l0o'cloek ta
the morning at 147 West Thirty-second street and
willmareh up Kighth avenue to Pittyeninth etree
to Fifth avenue, to Macison Square where t¢
will disband. In the afternoon there will be q
picnic at the Atlantic Park Casino, Ralph avonug
near Prospect place, Brooklya

fhe Brotherhood of Carpenterain The fy
andio Mount Vernon has arranged a parade f
Mount Vernon. Contingents are expect
from Yonkers, Tarrytown, Mamaroneck a;
New Rochelle, A pienic will follow in Brong
Brewery Park, Mount Vernon

The Brooklyn Central Labor Union wil) holq
a nienic at the grounds of the Labor Lyceur
Willoughby and Myrtle avenues :

District Assembly 220 of the Kontghta of
Labor will hold athletic games in the after.
noon at Ulmer Park. There will also be speech.
making

The pienie and games of Columbus Lo
401 of the International Association of M
fats will be held in the afternoon at Woodlawn

-.5"

tga

Park, Sixty-fifth street and Twenty-second
avenue, Brooklyo :
The Manhattan Single Tax Club will cale

brate the birthday of Henry George at {ta club
rooms, 27 West. Forty-second street The
apeakers will be William Lloyd Garrison, Sar

uel Seabury, James A. Herne, John DeWitt
Warner and George |) Rusky
The Roman Catholie Church of 8t. Paul of

the Croas, Jersey Citv, will hold {ts annual out
ing and imes in the afternoon at Hudson
County. Park, Bergen Line avenue and Fifty
street, Union Hill

The Hoboken Central Labor Union, the Build.
ing Trades’ Council and the Social Demoeratte
party will unite in a parade and picnic in Kroe
@\'s Boulevard Park in West Hoboken

  
 

Pavers’ Assembly 2002 will celebrate the day
by an entertainment and reception at Curry ‘@
Hall, 220 Rast Forty-seventh street

The Mayo Mens’ Association will have a

fenic at Terrace Garden, Fifty-eighth atreet

yetween Lexington and Third avenues

There will be a pienic on the grounds of the
German Odd Fellows Home and Orphan Asy-
um, Avenue Band Tenth street, Untonport

There will be many special Labor Day ex
cursions. Both the Lehigh Valley and New
Jersey Central railroads have made rates to
Mauch Chunk en} Glen Onoko, while the Frie
Will run exeursions to Rochester and Niagara
Falls ani to Toronto, Conada, where the Cana
dian Exposition opened yesterday. The Pat.
ten sine has made special rates to Long Branch
ani interme roilnts The steamboat
Shinnecock will leave Pier 13, Fast River, at
® A.M. for an excursion up the Sound to Sag

 

 

 

 

Harbor, Passengers may return by rail, The
Chester W. Chapin will leave pier 25, East
River, at 9:30 A. M. for an excursion up the

Sound as far as New Haven The Mary Powa||
will make a spectal ron up the Hudson to West
Point leaving W rwenty-second street
at 2 PM. The steamer Columbia will make
three trips to Long Branch at @XCUrsion rates,
leaving pler 1, North River, at@30A M,1PM
and $80 P. M. In addition to these special
opportunities all the regular lines to the pleasure
resorta have arranged their schedules to ao
commodate the expected crowds

t

 

 

QUEER SUICIDE IN S&T. Low,
Man Starved Himself in a Hotel for Five Days
and Then Took Polson,

St, Lovis, Sept. 2.--The dead body of Thee-
dore C. Wendell was found this evening in a
room in the Manhattan Hotel. He had ewal-
lowed a bottle of carbolic acid. Mr. Wendell
was a married man and had been empl
as a travelling salesman by the Plant Be d
Company for twenty years, On Saturday
morning, Aug. 25, he left his home and nev
returned, What he did all of Saturday an
Sunday is not known, but on Sunday ev
he registered at the Manhattan Hotel as C,
Roth of Kansas City. He was alone, O
Monday morning he arose and left the hotel,
returning about midnight. There he remained
the entire week, never leaving the room, not
even for meals, nor d he order meals
brought to the room. Every morning about
5 o'clock he rang for a bellboy and ordered a
pitcher of ice water, always paying the boy
the rent of the room in advance. The only

explanation of the suicide ts that on Wednes-
Gay, Aus. 22, Mr. Wendell wns prostrated by
e heat.

    

 

Business Rotices.

 

 

~ aaa

For a tonic for nervous and dyspeptic
ople nothing equals Angostura Bitters. Genuine—
r. Siegert's—Imported from South America

ene

MaAHRAiIETQO.

PARSONS-—CLEWS.—At "The Rocks,’ Newport,
R L, on Saturday, Sept 1, 1900, by the Rev. Dr,
van Dyke, assisted by the Rev. George W. Mead,
Herbert Parsons to Elsie Worthington, daughter
of Henry Clews, Esq.

PULLEN.—At Hayhead, N. J), on Sept. 2, 1990,
Frederick Trafton, only son of the laie John
Avery and Elizabeth Doris Pullen.

Puneral services at his late residence, North Broad
a&., Elizabeth, N. J., on Tuesday, Sept 4, 1900,
at 3:50 P. M.

 

 

 

GOODWIN.—On Saturday, Sept 1, 1900, Thamas
F., son of Thomas and Sarah Goodwin, at als
residence, 925 Bushwick av., corner of Greene av,
Brooklyn

Notloe of funeral hereafter.

 

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY.
Office, 1 Madison av., corner 25d at., N. ¥,

Rew Publications,
“A Sane Book on Trusts. "Chicago Eve Post

THE TRUSTS

By Hon. WILLIAM MILLER COLLIER,
12mo, 348 pages, Cloth, $1.25; Paper, 50 ets.

 

 

“A very careful and conservative consideration ef
the trust problem." N. ¥. Journai of Commerce
“A valuable contr! bution to the question.’
N.Y. Worlé

“The book is of very Great value Its facts are care
fully collected and arranged, and Its argu nents clear,
pointed and convincing. [tis without doubt the bes}
analysis of the entire situation that has been made

Chicagy Inter Vcoee

M atied, postpata, on foveint of price, oy
THE BAKER & TAYLOR CO., Publishers
Gand 7 Hast Sixteenth St., New York,

£G-—Life of ingersoll. Morgan's Freemasonrp
O Lander's Odd Fellowship. PRATT, 161 étbave

 

“Dividends and Auterest.

~— —

UNION PACIFIO RAILROAD
ANNUAL MEETING
Theannual meeting of the stock holdera of Talon
Pacific Railroad Company will be held at ine Mes
of the company, in Salt Lake Cliy, Utah, on Tuss
day, October @th, 1800, at twelve o'clock noon, for
the election of fifteen Directors of the ( ompany, and
for the transaction of such other business aa mes
legally come before the meeting

COMPANY.

   
 

 

the books for the transfer of stock (both Oom
mon and Preferred) will be closed, for the porpores
of the m @¥ing, abihe close of bust hue y
September 4th, 1000, and will penes u
day following said meeting, or ar j ment
thereof. ALEX. MILLAI ¢ ar
- Dated August 21, 1900 as
Republic tron and Stee! Co
DIVIDEND NOTICN NOS ‘
The fifth quarterly dividend « NE AND
THREE. QUARTERS PER CENT ipon the ¢
ferred stock of this company has been declared. pe
able on Oct, Ist, 1900, to stockhoid of record at

the close of business on Sept. 22, |

The transfer books wili close on Sept. 22, 19 4
three o'clock P. M., and reopen on (et. iat, 1 # ab
10 o'clock A. M

 

Te WM, BARRETT RIDGEL'
HE DELAWARE AND HUpse-
New Vork, Aug. 20, | #0 A quarter
of ONE ANDONF QUARTER a PER
the capital stock of this Company eT at
office of the Company, 21 Cordandt Street ea
on god after Saturday, Sept 18, iv ac!
books will be closed from the close of t ss toda
until the morning of Monday, Sept, 17, i#0
By order of the Board of Managers
CHARLES A W Treewe.