IECK IN THE, BLACK HILLS.

Recent Good FORTUNE Or RED TOP
DISTRICT MINERS,

one of the Strikes Made om Annie Creek—A
mittton Dollar Hant for Ore—Extensive

Contract awarded by @ Lake Superior
company Thts Year's Big Four Among
fron Producers News of the Motal Boekers.
Aug. 28 -A report has gained
the American Mining Com-
backed by the Kilpatrick and

' Woop
drealat that

; 4 company of Newcastle, Wyo,
nas 6 intered a large shoot of ore on Annie
ohn ragged Top district, This com-
Se an tor way one of the greatest mining
Poon ne wee ever undertaken tn the Black Hills
; far fdr li was put down from the bottom
¢ the » shaft at Ragged Top over @ year
oe and quartzite was encountered at a depth
7 ‘iy over 1,000 feet. The company then
neat a crowscut from # place lower in Spear-

the intention betna to atrike the
hole, whieh ts nearly a mile from
‘na place where the tunnel has been started.
It ‘s said that the company has encountered
ot of siliceous ore, Mining men
the company will out through
the lower quartzite.

diamond 4

a large *!
expe ¢ that

bodies of ore on

 

 

| is only a

   
  
 
   

 

 

 

err claim just weet of the Helena city limits,
r. Heinze will employ a large number of men
and thoroughly qeverep the discovery, Active
work, it is stipulated in the lease, must esis
within twenty days, ‘The ore has increa in
value with the deepening of the shaft until
26 per cent, copper Is now to be had, while
that of Butte runs but from 10 to 16 per cent
Experts believe, from the splendid assays and
the fact that the vein has been traced for two
miles, that an immense ore body exista at
Helena's very door

It is e@stitnated from returns of cleanin
already made and those in progress that the
gold output for the Helena district this year
neluding quart, and placer operations, will
be over $2,500,000, a gratifving increase as com-
pared with last year, Last year the mineral
output of Montana waa $57,000,000, Conserva-
tive mining men place the output this year
at frotn $65,000,000 to $76,000,000, or about $375
for every man, worman and child in the State

Thieves yesterday stole $6,000 in gold at the
Jay Gould inine west of Helena just after the
a:nalgam had been taken from the retort

TAM

Sav Lake, Aug. 27. After a shut-down of
nearly three years, the Daly mine at Park City
is about to resume operations by taking up the
exploration of the 1,200 level and later, if work
there warrants it, by throwing @ force into
the 1,100 as well. “The mine is to be operated
through the great Ontario property The
Daly has already distributed $2,925,000
among its share holdera

The Mereur Mining Company will pay_@ div-
idend of 20 cents a share or $40,000 at the end
of the present week

The week at the local gold sampling rooms
of the American Smelting and Refining Com-
pany witnessed the receipt of and setdement
or not leas than $50,000 worth of cyanide pro-
duct from the contributors of the State, The
total weight of the product was 1,447 pounds,

The contract for the construction of 3,300
feet of tramway to connect the Fortune mill
and mine with the Dalton and Lark road to
the old lead mill below Bingham has been let

  

 

Recently the Fortune mine uncovered a fine
body of ore going 20 per cent, in copper.

A strike of thirty inches of rich lead ore has
been made tn the Yankee consolidated mine
at Tintic

IDAHO
IDAHO City, Allg 26--The crosascut that

has been running for seyeral months past at 4
depth of 250 feet from the Golden Fleece shaft
to the Golden Star mine, at Centerville pierced
the ledge a few days ago, and the veir was found
to be four feet wide, of ore that shows plenti-
fully of free gold \t the surface the ledge
few tnoches wide The property is
owned by the Trade DollarWompany, which is
operating some of the richest mines in Oyhee
county

The War Fagle company now haa 250 men
employed at the Towa mines and mills at Quartr-

| burg. The ten-stamp mill is running day and
night and work {is progressing on the new
twenty stamp, One ton of sulphurets is se-

a mpany will spend $1,000,000 in finding
The Big Four Mining Company of Mamburg,
Jowa, has decided to erect &@ 60-ton cyanide
plaot sornewhere in Deadwood Gulch west
vr ehis city. Plans are being made for about
one new cyan de plant a week in Lawrence
county, The process has been tried by actual
mill teats so thoroughly that there is no longer
a question that it Is the procesa for the treat-
ment for at least 80 per cent. of the ore in the
pick Mille There ts now a stiff demand for
mining claims partly developed showing hodies
of low grade ore that will cyanide, It is ex-
rected that the influx of Colorado mining men |
foto the regions of low grade cyaniding ore
this fall ¥ create a general boom for the
low grade ores the Spearfish Mining Com-
pany, which {4 4 Colorado Springs company,
has ompleted a 250-ton cyanide plant that
will be of the largest dividend payers in
the hills as soon as it is running up to {ta full
ty
The Hole Terror Gold Mining Company

has started up the Moly Terror 10-atamp mill

 

after a shut-down of several weeks. It is as-
wrted that the company now has a large
am ore blocked ont. It ts expected
hat the pany will start up the Keystone
mill and cy e plant in a short time

Anew vein of ore has been enc ountered in the
Rismarck mine, @ short distance weat of the
Holy Terror and wned by John Barth of Buil-
waukee. The strike ts larger and richer than |
any before found. It is expected that the
stamp mill that is to be used at this mine will be

running this fall
At the end of a $00-foot tunnel on the Ulster
naa Meh vertical of siliclous ore has been
encountered which runs from $80 to $186 @ ton
gold. The Ulster mine ts in the Ragged Top
district and haa been one of the richest pro-
ducers tn the Black Hills

A spodumene mine has been opened up on
Iron Creek in Pennington county and a cariond
was shipped this week to New York for treat-
ment. Spodumerte was found about @ year
ago entain enough Jithia to pay for hand-
ling for medicinal purposes, Dr Reinbold of
Coster made the discovery and he has shipped
dumene to Germany where {t ia treated. It
white orvstal, in some mines being lke logs
trifled wood

Shipments of wolfram ore continue to be
made from the mines north of Lead In Law-
rence The price remains firm, for
a combine has been made among the Black
Hille shippers not to glut the market,
heaviest shippers have been
and Harrison mines. This metal is used for
hardening ete) plate and It !s found in large
quantities in certain places In the Black Hilis

to ¢

fT
fa

 

county

MINN PSOTS AND MICHIGAN,
Deurrar

I Aue 80 -A contract for the re
moval of 1,000,000 eublo yards of earth, hard-
pan and boulders from over the ore at the
Brevenson mine, Mesaba range, has just been
taken by Drake Stratton & Co, of Pittsburg.
It is one of the largest contracts for earth re-
moval ever made and will take five years for
The firet steam shovel has just
begun work and 200,000 vards will be taken
out before next spring, There are some 7,000 -
(tons of high grade ore in the &tlevenson
mine, which is expected to be one of the fargest
producers in the Lake Superior region next
year In addition to the stripping the mine
will be opened by three shafts. The Steven-
son was reached by a railroad a month ago
and Is now shipping ore

Al] the ore-hauling rolling «tock of the roads
leading from the Marquette range is buey, and
trtage of cars for the ore coming
ssed steel cars carrying from 1090,-
inds, the largest in the world,
are being put into use by these roads, and the
Duluth, M and Northern, Duluth, Su-
perior and Western, Duluth and Iron Range,
Lake Superior and Ishpeming and Algoma
Centre using them
Lmited to a leneth of twenty-two feet, and

ow mplet ion

there js a aby
Pre

down

saabe

are now

they give a pressure of 6,000 pounds a lineal | :
dike mines this winter in order to prevent other

foot of track, heavier by from 1,500 to 2,000
pounds than is the practice of any other roads
in the world

The Riwabik mine, Mesaba range, ts shipping
at the rate of 800.000 tons for the season, the
Mahoning at the rate of 1,000,000 tons, the
Monntain Iron at the rate of 1,250,000, and the
Faval is expected to make a total of 1,400,000
tons. These are probably the largest single
mines in the world this year, though it is possi-
bie that the Chapin, Menominee range, and
Norrie, Gogeble range, will ship nearly 900,000

tons each

A tunnel has been driven through the out-

  

 

 

croppings of black iron ore at the Atikokan
fange, cutting three distinet parallel lines
irom ten to forty feet wide. 1e work has

been abar
TailWay

doned to await the completion of the
It is expected that mining will be-

    

4 j of ore made by the Federal Steel
ompany at Iron Mountain, Mich, i@ develop-
ing into a large one. It has been sunk 200
i and croascute have been started to tap
’ re rrnation
, Al_ explorations about Negaunee and on
( * Vascade range for the American Mining
nPany Lave been punpended for the present
pete mps at A shaft of the Lake Superior
unes at Ishpeming (Carnegie) have been pulled

 

 

out fthe mine and the property has been

Shandoved The openings of the mine exe

: d direct inder Ishpeming and under the

fee St Johns Church, and care has been
it the town shall not cave into them

shoftin the Paint River mine, Crystal

being stink deeper and will be used to

nent whose shaft has just been

i eave a of ore and rock. When it

eted Dilars supporting two shafts tn

mt wil be taken out, and bundreds of

aalsands of tons of ore will thus be made

ale e for shipment

won| Atnegie Company has just completed a

wrk Stine £60000 and resulting in a change

Hy onirSA of Iron River for a mile where it

rina ed over the Dober, Isabella and other

thee of the compar Ore formed the bed of

Yer and could not be mined

MONTANA

a HELENA, Aug 27 Great activity {s reported
€ \ camp at Aliyn, In the north
he recently ceded Blackfeet
atior A rich strike has just
the Cracker mine, owned by the
qd Montana Copper Company
President of the company,
‘tinting specinnens from the
40 10 @) per cent. in gray,
Pyrites The width of
een cetermined when Mr
ih fully two feet had been
trike was made while cross-
‘u-foot level The company
oncentrator, in the belief
‘red another Butte
tot Leaaville, Col, has secured
vf the Benjamin mine near Basin
Ve lt on an extensive acale, a
, vaving been found, which,
that values are anes

   
   

 

 
 

ut its
e ican be profitably workec
iT Libby, to all appearances,
‘ssure gold vein near
‘k The ore ia so rich
‘ftably with an arastra

 

 

 

Stall a ¢ ! a ld pan Johnstone will
ip ;
tthe 4 eperted in the main tunnel
ns 1 near Winston, While
ton ir : oof the Fast Pacifie «$1 000
Untered ns whers feel they have en-
oe ‘a
the Burts ice, formerly of Brooklyn
i en rom .
128,000 bong SPC) Mine king, has secured a

© the Huffaker, an original cop-

The |
the Durango |

giced from six to eight tons of ore, and they are
rich

Thomas Wright and Paul Wilde have cut a
twelve-foot ledge of sulphuret ore in the Chicka-
mon tunnel, six miles east of this place. No
aasays have yet been made, but as the stl-
yhurets nearer the surface are good in gold
hey feel sure that the mine is all rieht

Col. W. H. Dewey has secured options on
twelve claime on Thunder Mountain. The
mountain is all porphyritic, carrying from $10
to $12 a ton in free gold) Mr. Dewey will con-
struct a wagon road from the State read in
Bear Valley to the mines, take in supplies and
keep a large force of men at work through the
winter. There are many locations on great
veins both east and west of the mountains,
and the present indications are that after some
development the district will become one of
the heaviest gold producers in the Northwest

The Viola, eight miles east of Boise, has been
cut at considerable depth by a lon tunnel
The vein is twenty fees wide and the ore is
filled with rich sulphurets

ONTARIO,

Port ARTHUR, Aug, 29.--The Zenith zine
mine at Rossport, has paid $25,000 in dividends
thia summer. A crew of men ts now working
at the quarry of zinc, getting ont ore for next
winter's shipment The mine is so located
that it ean ship only in winter Its product
goes to Belgium. but sales have now been made
in Hamilton, Ont. Mining is so easy at this
wroperty that it is said half a pound of explos-
ve will knock down a carioad of 60 per cent.
ore. The ore is sacked for shipment without
concentration after mere hand picking for
quartz

ARIZONA

Treson, Ariz. Aug. 2%5.—Supt- Phab
shipped a carioad of rich ore last wee
from the old Silver King mine to the Selby
Smelting Works, San Franciseo

H. M. Snyder of Casa Grande ship to Fl
Paso last week a carioad of ore which went 60
per cent. lead, 40 ounces silver and & gold a
ton. Itis froma new discovery he made about
twenty-five miles south of Casa Grande and
near the Turning Point mines

The Black Inamond Company has ita Burleigh
at work and has developed a fine body of ore,
running from fifty to sixty feet in width. | This
property is owned by the Calumet and Hecla
people, and will be one of the big producers
of the county.

A great strike has been made on the property
of the South Bishee Copper Company, It has
been known for some time that the South Bisbee
was in good ore. The big exposure of ore is
on the 800-foot level in drifta from the main
working shaft. Two drifts were run on the
level, one 250 facet to the north and one 250 feet
to the northwest. Each of these drifts has
penetrated the ore body twenty feet without
cutting through, the ore averaging about 45
per cent, copper with good values In gold. In
the north drifta winze has been sunk thirty-five
feet in solid ore, and from the northwest drift
a raise has been made eighteen feet in solid ore,
all of the grade already mentioned. Taken
altogether, it is one of the greatest copper
strikes ever made in Arizona

Prof. W. P. Plake of the University of Ari-
zona published the statement that fullers’
earth has been discovered in the southern part

| of Arizona

These care are |

ALASKA,

Sratthr, Aug. 27--The receipts of gold dust
at the Seattle assay office from the mines of
Nome up te Aug 20 aggreaate $750,000, This
was from the several producing districts and
waa the product of the leading mines Vester.
day as much more was received from the same
source It is estimated that at least $500,000
taken from the heach and other diggings is
still held by individual miners, and that from
#),000,000 to $1,500,000 more will he taken out
before the season closes, making _a total of
$3,000,000 for the second year of the Nome dis-
tricts

‘A more liberal policy is claimed for the Klon-

districta on the American side from attracting
the crowda that are heading for the north
The intention is to reduce the royalty one-half
or aholish it entirely, throw the reserved claims
open to location and give prospectors and miners
the same privileges they enjoy on Ameri-

| ean soil

The Tenana diggings, having paid well this
reasen, are attracting more attention than
usual, and a great Any miners are going in
this winter to try their luck Dirt that pays
from $12 to $20 fo a day is found on several
tributary streams and as high as $50 is found in
exceptional instances The country {8 ex-
tensive and is comparatively easy of accesa

On Forty Mile the mines have been paying
well and nearly $1,000,000 has heen taken out
thissummer, coming by way of Dawson. Steam
thawers will be introduced this winter on many
of the creeks and the output greatly increased.

The receipts of gold dust at Seattle for the past
two days from Nome and Dawson aggregated
over $2,000,000, and_the number of peturning
miners waa 3,000. The larger part of the gol
was sold to the Government Assay Office.

RRITIAH COLUMBIA.

SRaTrLR, Aug. 27.--The event of the week
has been the blowing-in of the Granby smelter
at Grand Forks. The fires were lighted in this
amelter for the first time last Tuesday and the
machinery worked to perfection. The capacity
{s 250 tons daily and at present the ores of the
Old Tronsides are being reduced.

wood

At Wellington Camp near Gr the
Fvening Star and Selby claims have been
bonded to Spokane men for $45,000, which is a

small price considering the m nitude of the
properties. The ore body is about one hun-
dred feet wide, the ore carrying copper prin-
cipally. The assays show from 2 to 20 per
cent. with some values in gold and silver.

Denver capitalists are in Greenwood nego-
tlating for the McKinley group on Kettle River,
the price being $70,000.

WASHINGTON.

SEATTLE, Aug. 27.-—-The Triune mine, which
was leased to several miners a few months ago,
{a making a good record as a shipper. A
20-ton lot was shipped to the Trail smelter
last week which gave net returns of $268 A ton
in gold, silver and lead, after paying freight
charges and amelier expenses of $42 a ton.

British capital is being attracted to the
Myers (reek mines in what is generally known
as the upper half of the old Colville Reserva-
tion, which is now open to settlement. Im-

ortant discoveries have been made in Buck-
forn and Percy Mountains, isolated ranges
in the Myers district. There are about ve
hundred people in the district and there is a

reat deal of activity in developing mines,
yuilding towns and constructing roads.

Medal of Honor Legion's Reanton.

The tenth annual reunion of the Medal of
Rlonor legion of the United States will be held
in Brooklyn beginning to-morrow evening,
when areception will be held in the Academy
of Music. Former Mayor Charles A. Schieren,
chairman ot the Citizens’ Committee, will pre-
side and addresses willbe made by President
Grout of the borough of Brooklyn and Dr
George W. Brush. The regular work of the
Legion will be transacted on Wednesday and the
members will take a trip to West Point on

Thuredav
LLL

Mining.

\ INING, MILLING, SMELTING AND CONCEN
. TRATING MACHINERY; CORLISS EN-
GINES; ESTIMATES FURNISHED, THE EDW.
P. ALLIS CO, 05 & 07 LIBERTY STREET,
ROOM 1106, NEW YORK.

 

 

ccm eA eae

ac
iain tetera etttsesiagasiigeicnasseetaetanicbtianen anaemia aE

REMEDIES FOR THE PLAGUE

THE HAFFPRKINE PROPHYLACTIC AND
THE ANTI*CPLAGUE SERUM,

 

 

 

The Haffkine Con Immaniiy Almost Abso-
late and Immediate—Ihe Seram Has Dimin-
ished Mortality Ameng Those Treated

Their Advantages and Disadvantages.

WasuHinoton, Sept. 2.—Passed Aasiatant
Surgeon H. LD. Geddings, acting director of the
Hygiento Laboratory, U. 8. Marine Hospital
Service, in the current fasue of public health
reports, issued by the Marine Hospital Ser-
vice, has an article on the Haffkine prophylac-
tic against plague and a comparison of !ts
action with antt-plague serum, It follows

The years 1803 and 1804 were characterized
from an epidemiological point of view by the
reappearance in several places, with a large
number of cases, of the dreaded bubonic plague,
which after a period of comparative aquiescence
and confinement to certain limited areas, again
threatened to repeat its history of former out-
breaks {n former centuries.

It has long been a recognized fact that tn
gtave cases of plague ordinary therapeutic
measures are of little avail The mortality
has usually been from 8&3 to 95 per cent., and
even with all the (improvements of modern
medical science this mortality has been but lit-
tle reduced in recent epidemics Naturally,
therefore, the medical and sctentifio world hailed
with joy any promises of a means more efficient
than they had hitherto been {n possession of
forcombating thisterrible malady,

The announcement of Yersin and Kitasato,
almost simultaneously, of the discovery of the
apecifio organi«m of the disease was followed
closely by the announcement of Roux, BKorrel,
Calmette, and Yersin, of the production of a
serum which it was claimed was both preventive
and curative against plague, It was, indeed,
a magnificent discovery; not made by accident,
as have been many discoveries of sctentific tmn-
portance, but was the result of close reason-
ing, earnest work and the most persevering
research. But at the outset {t waa met by the
formidable objection that for the preparation
of this serum much time was necessary, the
ordinary time required to immunize a horse up
to appoint that his serum would have prevent-
{ve and curative action against plague varied
from seven months to one year, It was also
found that {n many cases it was impossible to
complete the immunization of the horse unless
live culture of the plague bactUus was used in
the process, It ts needless to more than men-
tion this to show the great danger that fs af-
tendant upen the production of the plague
or anti-pest serum. In fact, so great was the
danger and eo thoroughly was tt recognized
that up to within a few years Prof Roux of the
Pasteur Institute had positively refused to
undertake the immunization of twenty-five
horses against plugue at one and the same
time,

Therefore, with scarcely less enthustasm
was hatled the announcement of Haffkine of
the production of a vaccinal fluid which would
confer immunity against plague and which
from the small eost and ease of its production
would fill the place of an agent for the protec
tion of entire communities, cities, distmets or
countries against an invasion of the malady

}he metuod of preparation a4 originally
described by Hatfkine was this: His bouillon
for growing the organism Was prepared from
routs’ flesh, which was macerated with dilute
iydrochiorie acid, presumably for the purpose
of converting some of the albumen into pep-
tone This bouillon was then transferred
to large flasks, which were inoenlated with
the bacillus pestis and to the bouillon at this
time was added a certain portion of “gee,” or
native butter his was, of course, to some
extent emulsified, but the larger portion floated
on the surface of the Liquid and tormed an oily
laver, the result of which was that the organisin
was grown under practically anarobic condi-
tions, In about three weeks theentire fluid was
subjected toatemperatire of about 70 degrees
«,, and a small proportion of some germicidal
agent having been added to preserve it the
fluid was ready for use

let us here for a moment review the results
of the method of growth, No mention is made
that the culture with which the bouillon was
jnoculated was of any special deuree of viru-
lence,  [t was usually obtained, it is said, direct
from the bodies of those dead of the disease,
which would insure undoubtedly a certain de-
gree of virulence but not by any means the
most exalted. The presence of the oil or fat
in a layer upon the surface of the bouillon, thus
growing the organism under anerobio condl-
tions, is not calculated to increase or preserve
the highest degree of virulence, Therefore,
it is thought only fair to assume that the cul-
tures as used by Haffkine prior to being killed
by heat were not as virulent cultures as could
be obtained by other methods, Reference to
literature will show that Haffkine recommends
dosea of his prophylactic of from 2 ¢, ¢, te &
©. ¢, Which, considering the toxicity of the
plague organism, might seem a large dose

The Pasteur [natitute recommended a modi-
fication of Haffkine’s original method, It was
suggested that ordinary agar-agar (peptonized
to the extent of 1 per cant.) should be spread
over large surfaces and these surfaces then
heavily tnoculated with a suspension of an
agar culture of the bacillus pestis rendered
as virnlent as possible by special methods of
cultivation. Thia resulted In a very heavy
growth upon the agar plates, which were allowed
to grow at a temperature of 87 degrees (. for
four days, when the growth waa removed hy
being washed or agitated with 109 c. ¢. of pep-
tone free bouillon to each flask or plate. This
siispension of the virulent enulture of the bacil
Ins pestis was thenkilled by subjection toa tem
perature of 70 degteas C for two or three hours,
and the liquid, turbid in character and con-
taining a masa of the dead microbial bodies
was then immediately bottled or placed in
tubes without the addition of any ermicidal
agent, and in the case of tubes these were
sealed in the flame, or in the case of bottles
they were stoppered under aseptic precautions
The noneaddition of germicidal agent is simply
earrving out the general theory and practice
of the Pasteur Institute in the preparation of
of al! sera and fluids

This method was communicated to this
laboratory by Surgeon Wasdin, U.S. M. FLS.,
who was at the time studying at the Pasteur
Institute at Paria, The method was given a
very full trial in this laboratory, and the result-
{ng liquid was one whose appearance and gen-
eral characteriatios were in the highest degree
satisfactory. Butit wasfoundthatthe chances
for extrinsic contamination were too numerous
in the various manipulations which had to be
carried out, and that frequently large num-
bers of culture flasks or platea were contam-
{nated and rendered useless by the growth of
molds or ordinary air organisms, especially
the hay bacillus, whose spores are notably so
resistant to the ordinary germicidal measures,
After a full trial, therefore, and the preparation
of a considerable quantity of the prophylactic
by this method, it was abandoned, and the

Jan was inaugurated of simply growing viru-
ent cultures of the bacillus pestis in ordinary
bouillon, peptonized, in flasks or vessels whic
exposed a large surface to the air, Fernbach
flasks or Erlenmeyer flasks, of lar@e capacity
and only partially filled, were used for this
purpose. No dimeulty was experienced under
this method in securing abundant successive
crops of the organism perfectly characteristic
in all respects and possessing a high degree of
virulence

The cultures were allowed to grow, asa rule
from twenty-one to twenty-eight daye and
were then killed by exposure, for two hours, to a
carefully regulated temperature of 70 degrees (
Fach lot of prophylactic as finished was tasted
culturally to be sure that all plague organisms
had heen killed, and the earlier lots manufact-
ured were tested on rabbits and other labora-
tory animals for innocuousness and several
lota were tested on similar animals for effi-
ciency In this way iafee quantities of fluid
have been made and distributed to the various
quarantine officers, national, State, and local,
of the United States, and a certain quantity
of it was used in the outbreak of plecue in
Honolulu and, more recently, in the inocula-
tion of about six hundred persons in San Fran-
cisco, Cal.

In all, in the neighborhood of 490.000 doses
of 1 «. e. each have been manufactured and
either distributed or arson hand at this time
This dose was determined upon as the stand-
ard in preference to the larger doses of Haff-
kine in view of the known potenes and toxicity
of the cultures employed in the manufacture

Let us now inquire into the results which
have been obtained by the use of the Haffkine

prophylactic. We are fortunately in posses-
sion of figures which seem to triumphantly
vindicate the value of the procedure. In the

Bombay Presidency in British India it is noted
in a series of oservations as follows

Number. (Cases. Deatha.
Inoculated 147 2 0
Non-inoculated 172 12 6
Inoculated. ‘ 147 5 0
Non-Inoculated. . 127 m 4
Inoculated 71 4 a
Non Inoculated ~ 64 7 6

These figures show that {n addition to af-
fording a very large proportion of protection
against the disease the mortality was reduced
by SO or #) per cent. An instance of the aver-
ave mortality is afforded by the atatisties show.
ing thatinthecity of Hublithe mortality among

 

those not inoculated reached the appalling
flgure of 657 per 1,000 of those attacked, Fur-
ther, in the cities of Rombay and Moffusil the
following flaures are given
inoculated, Cases, Deathe.
Hom! ay +f 200 1A 2
Moffusil er 420 7 0
Non Inoculated eeeweeres 26 m
The duration of the immunity conferred

was stated to be several months and this im-

|

THE SUN,

eee eee

* + genet »

CO er eT ee

were errr? “Fr oT 4 ee

MONDAY, SEPTEMBE

 

     

munity was much increased by a second or
even by a third inoculation,

In Lanowlte, India, among 823 Inoculated
eople there were only 14 attacks and 7 deaths
n the same city among S77 not inoculated
74 were attacked, with 68 deaths, Of the Mus-
sulman population of Bombay, 6,184 were ine
oculated, Of these 7 dled, Among 8,146 not
inoculated 177 died

The inoculation by faffkine
causes a mild intoxication by the products
ef the plague bacillus, In about sfx
the patient suffers from some malaise, b

 

pr yphylactioc
1

hours
end

 

 

ache, depression and sometimes slight fever,
which continues maybe two days, The site
of the tneculation is congested and there is

local swelling and tenderness, which disappear
An eruption sometimes occur, The sy tnptotius
appear never to have been so intense that in-
fants suckled by nurses who had been inocu.
lated sulfered any inconventence, nor was there
any disturbance of the normal course of prec
havey among pregnant Wwormen who were lie
oculated

A point which must not be lost taht of is
one to which particular attention was drawn
by Calmette and Salembini ino their report
on the outbreak of the plague at Oporto, Via,
that should a person who has already been ex-
pared to plague, and ta Whom the iofection
4 in the ineubative stage, be tnoculated with
Haffkine prophylactic the administration of
the prophylactic would probably hasten the
appearance of the disease and be conducive
fo a tatal result This is not dificult to come
prehend, for death from plague is 4 result
not only of the septicemia, but of a profound
tox@niua

the toxine contained in the Haffkine pro-
phylactic added to that which is generated
during the course of the disease would bring
about an overwhelming effect and the patient
would probably suceutnb, Therefore, the use
of Hailkine prophylactic should be limited
to those who have not as yet been exposed
to direct {nfection, but who May subsequently
be exposed owing to the presence of the dis-
ease {n the town or community in which they
dwell, Too much stress cannot be laid upon
this point, as a result of Inoculation where
exposure to infection oF actual intection, has
already occurred, would not only lead to dis-
appointment, but probably to disaster.

‘his brings up the question of the relative
value of the Yersin, or anti-plague seruin, of
which mention has previously been made,
and the Haffkine prophylactic. The two sub-
stances act in an entirely different way and
fill entirely different roles, As has just been
said, the use of Haffkine prophyiacue amole
those actually exposed to infection or aiready
infected is a source of added danger, To this
objection the anti-plague serum is not liable,

as it is not only preventive in action, but i4
also the only known efficacious remedy for
the cure of the malady

The masterly exposition which Calmette

has recentiy made of the advantages and dis-
advantages of the two agents in his address
before the International Congress of Hygiene
and Demography at Paris, which has only
recently adjourned, follows

The advantages of the anti-plague serum
are

‘Firat It confers {mmunity almost absolute
and immediate

‘Second The injection of the serum is not
paintu and is therefore readily accepted, even
yy children

“Third--It is never harmful.

Fourth-The serum, when prepared anti-
septically, ia a product whose activity remains
intact a very long time, in fact, almost indefin-
itely

The disadvantages are:

 

“First--The very short duration of the im-
mirinity

‘Second—The cost of producing the serum
and the diffenity of obtaining it in sufficient

quantity in order to vaccinate the population
of an entire eitv, whieh should be cone at in-

tervals of fourteen days
‘Third The difficulty of making obligatory
or even of inducing a majority of the popt-

 

lation to accept a vaccination which muat be
repeated so frequently

These objections, let it be distinctly
understood, do not militate. to the
slightest extent against the value of the

serum as a curative agent, but simply against
its practical use aa a prophylactic

It has distinet uses under the following sug-
gested conditions

‘‘a) On board of infected vessels during the
vovage to prevent the disease spreading among
the passongers and crew

“(hy In order to immunize the personnel
of those employed in the lazarettos or deten-
tion hospitals as well as those concerned in the
unloading or disinfection of merchancise
brought by suspected vessels or vessels having
had aetnal cases of plague on board

“(e) On the docks or in the warehouses and
stores by those engaged in handling suspected
or infected merchanaise

“(d) And, most important of all in times of
epidemic, for the immedtate protection of per-
sons found in contact with the sick or who may
be already infected.”

Recurring again to the Haffkine prophylao-
tic, Calmette continues

“That the vaccination with Haffkine proph-
ylactie is very useful in infected countries
for the following reasons:

‘Firat That large quantities of Aaffkine
vaceine may be readily prepared almost without
cost and in a very short time by growing cul-
tures of the bacillus of plague for one month
and heating them at 70 degrees C.

* Second Inoculation by the Haifkine prophre
lactic can usually be made acceptable without
much diMecuity, as it produces only a little
inflarnmation and swelling about the immediate
site of the inoculation

‘Third The entire population of a village,
eity or country may te inoculated with the

srophylactic and susceptibility to the disease
imited or eliminated, and as @ consequence
its spread prevented.”

It is open to some objections, however, which,

he states as follows

“‘ay The danger of inoculation to those
who have already been exposed to or have
contracted the infection

This has been fully dwelt on, and deductions
the statements already

   

may be drawn from
made

(b) Infection of the prophylactic sometimes
produces considerable reaction, It is usually

alight, but may sometimes he sufficiently great
to oblige those inoculated to take to their beds.’

(e} He maintains that “the prophylactio
retains its activity for a period not. greater
than six months, the combined action of air and
light very quickly attenuating the toxicity
of the fluid.” This might be avoided by keep-
ing the finid in the dark in a cool place or in
bottles or containers entirely filled and carefully
sealed. In this way there can be no exposure
to the air

There is no infallible remedy against plague
The anti-plague serum. is largely effectual
and has much diminished the mortality among
those treated by it. The serum also possesses
valuable prophylactic qualities as detailed
above. In the Aaffkine prophylactic we have
an agent which is readily producible in large
Quantities, is free from anger when used
under proper precautions and with which it is
feasible to confer an effectual immunity against
jague in whole villages, cities or districta,
4 akenin connection with reasonably enlightened
ganitary precautions, thorough disinfection,
and those measures which have proven of so
much value in other centagious or infectious
diseases, we may say with certainty or affirm
with confidence that in the anti-plagne serum
and in the Haffkine prophylactic we have reme-
dies with which we can stice@ssfully combat
a diaease which in former times hag baffled
all human skill

 

MRS. CRAVEN IN A SANITARIUM,

Woman Who Socs the Heirs of Senator Pair
Said to De Insane.

SAN FRANCISCO, Sept, 2... Mrs. Nettle Craven,
who for several years has been worrying the
heirs of James G. Fair with suits to establish
her claim to a widow's share of the estate,
{a now said to be insane. She is in a private
sanitarium here and is reported to be sinking

into chronic dementia. Recently she was
indicted for perjury and subornation of per-
jury in connection with forged documents
ywearing on the alleged marriage contract,

but these charges will probably not be pressed

For six years Mrs. Craven has been seeking
to show py the production of documents that
she was not only the legal wife of Senator Fair
put also that he left her valuable property by a
will which he drew in her presence The docn-
ments have been adjudged forgeries. Mrs
Craven, when she began these suits, was prin-
cipal of a San Franeiseo public school, but
the disclosures forced her resignation,

 

SMASH! WENT THE WINDOWS,

Gamaliel Brewster Was Aiming Bricks at the
Men Inside,

Gamaliel Brewster, a negro of 53 Jordan
avenue, Jersey City, Was Passing the store of
Nicolas Scatuorchio, 357 Railroad avenue, yes-
terday, when he was jostled by Rafael Espota
Brewster attacked Espota, who took refuge in
Seatuorchio’s store, Brewster ran to a brick-
pile near by and began bombarding the place
with bricks After he had broken all the win-
dows and hit Espote and Scatuorchio they sallied
out and drove him away He was caught on
Fremont street by Policeman Bracken and
locked up for atrocious assault and malicious
Inischie!

Yo Deepen the Harbor of Belize.

New On_eans, La, Sept. 2—John Hennessy
of Buffalo, N.Y, left here to day for Belize,
British Honduras, to take charge of the work of

dredging and deepening the harbor ef that
port. The work has been under contro) of
the Government nearly a year, but has not been
satisfactory, It was deeded to trv American
methods in dredging. Like all the Central
American ports the harbor of Belize is shallow,
no vessel of eight feet draught being able to
enter it

Stores, Offices, Lofts, or Property

of all descriptions, whether you seek them or
have them to dispose of, make use of THE
Run's advertising columns. A SUN reader will
always be found a desirable tenant or cus
tomer.—Adv

R 8, 1900.

rrr rviverw’

 

 

REAL ESTATE NEWS.

The following are the tables by distriota for
Manhattan and The Bronx of the conveyances,
mortgages and projected buildings for the

woek ending Sept. 1:
CONVEYANCES,

 

No.
No. Nominal, Amount

  

 

Downtown... tocovee @ 16 $505.520
Fast Side, ‘ 3 4 154,064
West Side fn] 206,619
Harlem. cceccees it 146,556
BoB. ..c ce eee aa 219,655
TAME cccocccecercecees 185 OS $1,215,242
MORTOAGES

Noa. Amount,

DOWMOWT.. cheese crete eee ee eeeene a4 $480,700
Fast Side pedoese * serine 2 807,702
West Side seseceesereeereers S2 575,400
Harlem,....+ ‘ 1s 246,026
Brona voice rr t beeeeeeeneee » OS 266,247

eteceees1 66 $1,816,005

BUILDINGS.

 

TONS. ccc ceeeeees

 

    

Na. Amount?

DOWNLOWD. ce cccrccce cere eeeeeeee 16 $lul 875
East Side. l4 166,265
West Side Pr 10 275,740
liarlem ‘ 4 $51,500
BrOOS..cccsercercerecses 2s v4a,ais
Totals eo ecerenconsegeseerece 69 $050,505

The following are the corresponding tables
for the week ending Aug. 27

  

 

  

  

  

CONVEYANCES,

No.
No. Nominal, Amount.
Downtown 14 4 $102,061
Past Side. 1! 7 41,082
West Side, 18 w 163,409
Harlem... is A 64,2048
BOOS, cc seeceerecseeeees 56 20 55,454
TONG, crcccccccccerscrsecss 138 61 $615,444

MORTGAGES
No Amount.
DOWHIOWR, ..crccrcorcccccssocccereee OG $540,274
Fast Side... 2 337,966
West Side.. 543,550
Harlem, ....... A546, 841
BONS. ...:sesccccrscseccceccesees 210,168
WOME, bi cc ceccdicvaccenc cacscceasess 4 OO} =GRGES. 398
BUILDINGS.

No, Amount.
Downtowm ......-sseee oo 12 $134,310
Fast Side... ‘ . 20 602,827
West Side . ‘ » 13 161,850
Harlem eeovees eevee 4 121,800
brona seb eeeeoreecccer. oes 20 819.000
TORBIG..cccrcscerseverscessecreccecse 70 $1,839,287

ROWDY GANG AT A PUBLIC SCHOOL,

 

Broke Windows and Annoyed the Janttor
Five Arrests,

Miles O'Brien, President of the Board of Edu-
cation, complained to the police on Saturday
that a gang of young rounders were making
life unpleasant for the janitor of the publio
school building at 226 West 100th street and
throwing stones and breaking the windows
of the school. The complaint was sent to the
police of the West 100th street atation and last
night policemen from that station made a
riid on the gang and arrested five of them.
They were locked up on charges of disorderly
conduet

 

Colleges and Schools.

For Boys & Young Men—City & Country

Dwight School

15 West 434 Street, New York City.
2st Year opens Sept. 26th,

High class private school for boys from 7 to 20
years of age. ndividual attention given boys whose
education bas been irregular. Large faculty. Labo-
ratories, Gymnasium Athietles.

For Boys

KINGSLEY SCHOOL F2",2°7". en,

Individual training to healthy, manly. cultured self-
mastery. Ideal location tn ntll country, 22 miles

———

from N. ¥. Cly. Residence new, roomy: all improve
ments ‘Terms, $500. Noextras (Office hours, Tues
day, 9—12 A.M. Room 52, 70 Fifth ave. Send for |

booklet to J

RK. CAMPBELL, Hox G, Essex Fells,
New Jersey ‘

ST. FRANCIS’ COLLEGE,
BALTIC STREET, BROOKLYN.
CONDUCTED by the FRANCISCAN BROTHERS
Classical, Scientific and Commercial Courses

Entrance 4! Butler street Apply for Catalogue
BROTHER FIDELIS, 0.5. F.. Rector.

THE BARNARD SCHOOL

1 19 we (25TH STREET.
Ofce and entrance, 120 Wess 126th St
Thorough preparation for College and Business
Catalogue. 15th year begins Sept 30.
HAMILTON INSTITUTE,
45 West ist St.. Manhattan Sagare, North,
RE-OPENS SEPT. 26TH.
‘or information ‘or a address

NW. ARCHIBALD SHAW, Jr., M. A., Principal.

ae cana A Co nanepesguinananniaren eneunenaaanalay

MONT VALE,
Madison School, "SN setey
Preparatory for the Applied Setences in Columbia or
any other university course; horsemanship, fencing,
laborator workshop a

, field work; number of
boarders fimited to 20; 1 dual attention paid to
every pupll.

“SYMS SCHOOL.

Robert H. Syms. William ©, Simmons.
APPLY FOR CIRCULAR

22 West 45th Street,

BETTS ACADEMY

STAMFORD, CONN. 624 YEAR.
THE INDIVIDUAL THE BASIS
Special advantages for saving time in Bre
WM. J. BETTS, M. A. (Yale). Principal.

~ GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY,

WASHINGTON, D. ©.
Arta and selences, law, medicine. College and pre-
paratory department Li2th year. Sept. 12

 

  
   

ration.

 

 

Begs ELEY SCHOOL for boys. 435 Madison ar.,
New York. Twenty first year begins October Is >

 

For Girls & Young Women—city & Country,

LADYCLIF'§".
Academy of Our Lady of Angels Under the
Direction of the Franciscan Sisters.

LADYCLIFF (Formerly Cranston's

WEST POINT HOTEL),
Board & Tultion, $200 per year. Send for Prospectus

For Young Men & Women—City & Country.

 

JENNINGTON (N, J.) SEMINARY, on Bouna
Brook R. R; 62d year; both sexes; healthful loca
tion: home comforts; nobility of character and cares
ful training our constant alm; $65,000 new improve
ments
THOMAS O'HANLON, D. D. LILD. President
YENTRAL PREPARATORY SCHOOL, 18 AND
20 EAST 42D ST. W. W. SMITH, B.A, Prin-
cipal. Prepares for all Regents, College, C P. A.,
Government and other ¢xaminations.

 

Basiness Colleges.

Long Island Business College,

143 to 149 Sonth @th St., Brooklyn.
The business training school of today for
men and young women. Day and Evening sessions
REOPENS SEPTEMBER 10,
HENRY C. WRIGHT, Prinelpal

DRATT INSTITU F. BROOKLYN, N. Y.
Fall term begins Sept 24

Law Schools.

Dey aches}, 20 | mom
ening School, vest 14th St
LAW SCHOOL | “Dwight Method” of Instruc-
tion. LL.B. In two years: LI.M. In three years
Send for catalogue GEORGE CHASE. Dean

 

 

  

NEW YORK

  

Proposals.
AND. EQUI!

Peggle FOR CLAYTHING
PAGE SUPPLIES. Phila, Depot, Q@ M, Dept,
1428 Arch Street, Phila., Pa., Aug. 41, 1800, Sealed

Proposals in triplicate will be received here until 11
o'clock A. M,, Monday @September 10th, 1000, for
furnishing this Depot with 200 Hottles Indelible Ink,
300 Boxes Marking Paste, 500 Helmet Lyres, 500
Music Pouches Infantry, small, 1,000 Cap Ornaments,
Infantry, with Ietters and numbers: 1,500 Cap Orna
ments, Hospital Corps, 300,000 each Japanned Huckles
and Slides; 20,000 gross bone Shelter Tent Buttons;
10,000 gross Bone Huttons for flannel shirts; 500
yards Dark Blue Pacing Cloth: 1.500 pounds Gilling
line 500 vards Gold Lace, 300 reams Manila Wrap
ping aper, 2,000 ounces Chevron Silt (1,000 each
Searlet and Yellow); and 5,000 Dozen Spools Tastin

Cotton, all conforming to standard aamine satSehuy

kill Arsenal Quantities subject to 20 per centum
increase if desired by the Department Hids based
upon eat pits differing from Standards will not
entertalne Proposals for less quantities than ad
vertsed for will be entertained. Early deliveries are
essential, and bidders must state with what rapidity
they will make them Government reserves the right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof Preference given to articles. of domestic
production or man ifacture, conditions of quality and
ineluding in the price of forel@n productions

 

 

 

    

price

or manuf res the duty thereon) being equal A
Gt ARAN Sin 10 per centum of the value of the
articles proposed for must accompany all bids, UN
GUARANTEED BIDS will not be considered the

revuired Revenue Stamps must be affixed to one num
ber of the guaranteed did and properly cancelled.
Hlanks for proposals and full information will be fur
nished upon application to this officer Envelopes
containing proposals to be endorsed “Proposals for
Clothing and Equipage Supplies to be opened Sep
tember 10th, 1000, and addressed to Colonel JOH
\. FLREY, Assistant Quartermaster General,
Arr

TERT Q. M. DEP'T, JEFFERSONVILLE, IND.,

August 27, 1000, Sealed proposals, In tripll
cate, whl be received Deore until | 1 o'clock A. M. (Cen
tral Standard Time), September 25, 1000, for furnish
ing 245 Army Hanges and Appendages for same.
‘Toe United States reserves right to reject or accept
any orall proposals of any partthereof, Information
furnished on application Envelopes containing
sroposals should be marked ‘Proposals for Army
4anges, and addressed C. R. BARNETT, Deputy
Q M. General

S.

7 on pe a sipememtentinenran

City Beal Estate,

Borough of Manhattan- Sale or Rent.

Auctioneers,
W.d Van Pelt

Agents.
| Geo, K, Real
|

REAL ESTATE,

Head Office: 60 Codar St,, near Nassau,
Branch: 1 Madison AYE. 23d St.

Brokers. Appraisers.

If you own the house you live tn, you
should know what tt SANITARY
CONDITION is before occupying it

in the Autumn.
But tf you expect to rent a house, you should

| know before signing the lease.

| on TREMONT AV., just westof JEROME AV

| HEIGHTS station of the N. Y.
| York and Putnam R. Res

BUILDING & SANITARY
INSPECTION CO.,

874 Broadway. Telephone 350 18th.

COLONIAL HOUSES |

trol
ley and five (5) minutes’ walk east of the MORRIS
Central and the New
houses 1M rooms and bath;
allimprovements; ground 580x145; price, $4,500 each;
$500 or $1,000 in cash; balance on instalments Ap
ply A. P. KIRKLAND, 55 Liberty street

Washington Heights, Above 126th St., West
of Sth Av.

 

ST. NICHOLAS AV. and 158th at —A_ bargain;
choice of six elegant bluestone sweil front, up-to-date
Houses: fine view; Lest value for price on fietents;
high stoop: three-story, basement, cellar, hardwood
throughout; at one-third less than present cost to
bulld: terms to sult; 70 per cent mortgage If desired
See your broker, or E. B. TREAT, Owner, on prem
{ses, om 241 West 23d st

Borough of Brooklyn- For Sale.

'T'WO.FAMILY HOUSES-~-Two-story and basement
atone fronts: Just completed; all houses on bioca

two-story stone: five sold Decatur st., between Howara

and Saratoga avs OTTV S % Builder.

Real Estate—Out of the City.

New Jersey—Sale or Rent.

CLIFTON PARK,

WEEHAWKEN HEICHTS, N, J.,
OPPOSITE 42D ST.

250 building sites: sewer, water and macadam-
{zed streets; fine colonial houses Just completed for

   

 

   

| sale at $8,500 each, on easy terms.

| flats and Apartments to Let—Autur-

This property !s thoroughly restricted.

Apply Estate of HUGH N. CAMP,
55 Liberty St., N. ¥.

~~Miscellaneous—Sale or Rent.
ALL EUROPE BUYING OUR COAL

We have 10,000 acres Coal Lands for sale; bargain
for Promoter or Synod
WH. 8. ANDERSON CO., 054 Lex. av., New York.

To Let tor Business Purposes.

~—

 

  

 

A CHOICE BROADWAY STORE and basement
AA connecting with Sixth avenue store to be leased.
THOMAS & ECKERSON,
35 West 30th

 

sighed,
Above 14th &St., East Side.

 

AT $37.50 TO $45.00.
4 PLYMOUTH, 142 E. 83D STEET

Attractive apartments; rooms of extra alze; sew

 

pl uspding, decorations, eta
HENRY D. WINANS & MAY, Agents,
ee Sth ave., cor. 52d st

Above 14th St., West Side.

THE NEW FIREPROOP
“Iroquois”
Family Hotel,

49 West 44th St.

NOW READY FOR INSPECTION.

Character—Location—Price.
Unfurnished apartments by the year, in suites of
one room and bath, two rooms and bath, and four
rooms and bath.
First-class dining room service optional.
Call or send for prospectua

 

|
‘Inverness Apartments.

Modern improvements;

S7TH ST, & 7TH AVE.
Apartments of 4, 5, Jand § rooms and bath.

open plumbing; electrio
Itght; all-night elevator service, etc.
APPLY TO
fRORACE 8S. ELY & CO.
| 64 Cedar St., 25 Ww. soth,
Or Superintendent on premises.
MSTERDAM AV., 1452, near 182d st.--Two
4 months’ rent free; new building; bright, cosey

be |

steam heat;
Jantior on

flat, 5 rooms and bath; open plumbing
rents, $18 $21; small familles wanted;
premises.

i LET—Suit 8 and 6 rooms and bath; elevator;
electric Wehts; lobby entrance, $35 to $50.
KANAWAH, 208 West 111th st., 7thav. drive

furnished Rooms & ‘Apartments to et
East Side.”
LPXINGTON AV, 378. southeast corner 41st st.—

nicely furnished rooms; central! location; reason-
able rates,

 

“Weat Side.

THE JULIEN,
1§ West 20th st; rooms large and small, en suite or
, : meals optional: exceptionally good home

 

| singly
| cooking: ala carte luncheon served for shoppers from
| 12 to &: references Gentlemen preferred
137% ST., 40 WEST--In quiet house; sitting room
& bedroom and bath for a gentleman; references,
202 WEST Newly furnished, large and
location;

QOD ST
2 small rooms for gentlemen; central
caterer in house : = C -
a2” ST.. 24 WEST ebelors’ desirable rooms;
private baths; all conveniences: large parior
floor: suitable dentist or physician; formerly occupied
by physician six years. — : . oe im
| 3 TH ST., 260 WEST—Two nicely furnished
e square rooms; all improvements; terms reason
| able: board optional. ;
42D SI., 55 WEST. HOTEL PARKVIEW—
| Furopean; rooms single and en suite; $1.00 day:
| $5 week up

| & 4TH. 253 and 255 WEST, near Broadway—Hand-
o somely furnished rooms, en sulte or singly. with
first-class board, convenient to all cars.

eS LD
6 TH ST.142 WES! Elegantly, newly furnished
rooms; large, small; private bath, first
class bouse and neighborhood; summer rates.
| = 4ST ST... 6&8 WEST —Tworooms, permanent; use
if of bath: gentlemen
j 8 D ST., 46 WEST-Two_ large rooms; every
! O modern convenience; sultable for two gentle-
men: breakfast if desired, private family

Brooklyn,

RANBURY ST., 50— Newly furnished large room;
suitable for two gentlemen: terms moderate,

HA®t ST,, 240A— Single. double rooms, thor
ou

  
   

 
 

thor
fy, kept and comfortable; near Sumner,
Myrtle, DeKalb avs, cars
AFAYVETTE AV., 712--Perlor and_ reception
4 room: sultable doctor, dentist. also other rooms;
all newly furnished

Select Board.

East Side.

\ ADISON AV., 159.—Destrable large and small
a rooms; Superior table, winter arrangements,
tablefguests accommodated, references.

N ADISON AV... 183, 155, 157—Parlor floor en
4 sulte; private bath; also large rooms, excellent
table: references

Meee AY. S7- Large and small rooms; su
* perior table: location central; transients accom
modated

ST. ALBAN'’S--B. W. DE FOREST, PROP,
| 8) 7 and 9 Kast Sist st.—Central location; desirable
rooms; private .aths’ partor dining room.

TH ST.$13 EAST—Chotlce large and small

i)
«VJ rooms: handsomely furnished: exceptional loca
tion: excellent table board; references; inspection In-

vited

West Side.

furnished or unfurnished:

RY F LARGE ROOMS
166 West |

first-class board: geatiemen preferred
7Ath st

MM” NT MORRIS PARK—2002 Fifth av, cor
+ 124th st; handsome suite of rooms with board;
terms reasonable; home comforts

177 ST., 24 WEST —Nicely furnished single and
double rooms, excellent table, table boarders
taken, reference.

| _ - ee

} a D ST., 334 WEST--Newly furnished rooma:
~ transients or permanent families; table board:

| printed bill fare; parlor; plano; references

| Wholesome table

     

Select Bonra. 7

rw ennnrnrwee

2 TH ST, 822 WEST—Newly furnished aquare
room: all improvements; conventent w all cars

board optional

BOv ST. a9 WEST Rooms

Ve location: parior dining roots;

three doots (rom Hroadway

37 rH ST, 48 WEST —Cool, comfortable and con

‘ i venient rooms fortransientor permanent guests,

39 AND 41 W. 20TH ST,

Select family house, rooms single, double and
suite, with bath: eewator, excellent table

Weat Side.

 

 

ome with board, central
reduced rates;

    

en

 

Brooktya,
YOLUMBIA HEIGHTS, 188—Tandsomely far
nished large, small rooms; river view; Good
five minutes Hridge,
I IVINGSTON ST., 62— between Clinton and Cour
4 Heights: new management; newly decora
rooms, excellent table, reference

VW LOW sh rice es, 146 Pleasant rooms to
rent with board, convenient Wall st. ferry and

Bridge

ne

Post Mice Rotice.

post OFFICKH NOTICE

(Should be read DAILY by all interested, as changes

may oceut at any ime)

Foreign matis forthe week ending Sept. 8, 1000,

will close PROMIPTLY in all cases) at fhe Gener

Post Office as follows PARCELS POST MAIL

close one hour earlier (nan closing time shown below,

Parcels Post Mails jor Germany ciose at 5 P, M. Mone

day and Wednesdays

a TRANSATLANTIC MAILS

TUESDAY... Ato 30 A. M. for EUROPE, per steam-
ship Katser Wilhelm der Grosse, *via Cherbour
and Hiremen imatis for Great Britatn, Lrelan
Helgium, Netherlands, Austria, Norway (Bergen),
and Cape Colony, via Southampton must be di-
rected “per steamship. Kaiser Wilhelm — der
Grosse"); at 740 A M. \supplementary 9.50
A. M) for EV. ROPE, vila Plymouth, Cherbour,
and Hamburg, Letter Mailonly, ‘(other ma
matter must be directed per steamship Deutseb-
land)

WEDNESDAY At 7 A. M. (supplementary ® A:
M.) for EUROPE, per steamship St. Paul, va
Southampton «mati for Ireland must be directed

“per steamship St, Paul", 410.30 A.M, for BELe

GIUM direct. per steamship Southwark (mail
must be directed “per steamship Southwark”
at lt A.M. (supplementary 12.40 P. M.) for Et
ROPE. per steamship Oceanic. via Queenstown.

THE RSDAY At 630 A. M. for EUROPE, per
steamship Columbia, tia Plymouth and Ham-
bure (mail for France. Switzerland, Italy, Spain.
Portugal. Turkey, Egypt, British India and
Lorenzo Marques.via Cherbourg, must be directed

 

“per steamship Columbia’), at 6.40 A, M, for
PRANCI SWITZERLAND, ITALY, SPAIN
PORTUGAL, TURKEY, EGYPT, BRITISH

INDIA and LORENZO MARQ!U ES. per steam-
s! ‘e La Touraine, via Havre (mail for otherparts
of rope must be directed “per steamship La

louraine
SATURDAY At ® A.M. for NETHERLANDS
matl must be directe

per ste aan Maasdam
“per steamship Maasdam"); at 10 A.M. for SCOT-
of Rome

LAND direct, per steamship City

matl must be directed ‘per steamship City of
Rome at 10:30 A. M. (supplementary 12 Mo
for EV ROPE, per steamship Campania, tla

ieenstown

"PRINTED MATTER, ete —This steamer tares
Printed Matter, Commercial Papers and Samples
for Giermany on The same class of mall
matter for other parts of Europe will not be sent
by this ship unless specially directed by her,

After the closing of the Supplementary Transatiantle
Mails named above, additional supplementary
mails are opened on the piers of the American
English, Freneh and German steamers, @n
remain open until within Ten Minutes of the
hour of sailing of steamer

MAILS FOR SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA)

WEST INDIES, ETC,

TURBSDAY. -At #30 A. M. (supplementary 10:30
A. M) for CENTRAL AMERICA (except Costa
Rica) and SOL TH PACIFIC PORTS, per stea
ship Allianea, via Colon (matl for Guatemala
must be directed “per steamship Allianca”), at @
PM. for JAMAICA, per steamship Admiral
Farragut, from Boston

WEDNESDAY. At &30 A. M, for BRAZIL, per
steamship Buffon, via Pernambuco, Kania and
Hio Janeiro (mail for Northern Brazil and La
Plata Countries must be directed “per ateamsh!
Buffon’), at 10 A M. for INAGUA and HAITI,
via Portau Prince, Port de Paix and Cape Haitl,
per steamship ‘Tjomo, at 12:40 P. M foupoie-
mentary | P. M.) for ST. THOMAS, ST, CRO 4
WINDWARD ISLANDS, LEEWARD ISLANDS
and DEMERARA, per steamship Canbbee; at i
} M. for MEXICO, via Tampico, per steamship
Ithaka (mall must be directed “per steamabip
Ithaka’)

THURSDAY. -At 1 P. M. for YUCATAN, CAM-
PECHE, TABASCO and CHIAPAS, per steam-
ship Vigilancia,via Havana and Progreso (mall
for other parts of Mexico and for Cuba must be
directed “per steamsh'p Vigilancia’), at 1 P, M
for SANTIAGO, per steamship Santiago de
Cuba: at 9 P.M. for JAMAICA, per steamship
Admiral Sampson, from HKoston.

SATURDAY At 1A. M. for NEWFOUNDLANI
per steamship Corean, from Philadelphia, at

 

  

A. M. for NORTHERN BRAZIL, via Pa and
Manaos, per steamship Maranhense, atli A M
for LA PLATA COUNTRIES, per steamship

Bellena; at iO A. M. (supplementary 1030 A. M)
for FORTUNE ISLAND, JAMAICA, SAVA-
NILLA and CARTHAGENA, per. steamship
Alta! (mail for Costa Hica must be directed “per
steamship Altai’). at_10 A, M. (oupplemsentery
1030 A. M) for INAGUA and HAI (via Cape
Haiti, Port au Prince, Petit Goave and Jeremie,
er steamship Andes: at 10 A. M. (supplementary
Ri 30 A. M.) for PORTO. RICO (via San Juan),
CURACOA and VENEZUELA, i. steamship
Caracas (mail for Savaniiia and Carthagene
must be directed “per steamah|p Caracas”); at
10 A. M for NEWFOUNDLAND, per steamship
Silvia, at 11 A. M. for CUBA, per steamship
Mexion, via Havana, atil A.M. for YUCA’ AN,
er steamship Mercator, tia Progreso: at 1 P. M.
or MATANZAS, CAIBARIEN, GIBARA and
BARACOA, per steamship Olinda (ordinary
mail only,which must be directed “per eteamah.p
Olinda’),

Malls for Newfoundland, by rafl to North S$

and thence by steamer, close at this oMfoe dal
at 8.30 P. M. (connecting close here every Mon-
day Wednesday and Saturday). Malls foe
Miquelon, by rail to Boston, and thence by steam-
er, close at this office daily at 430 P.M Maile
for Cuba, by rail to Port Tampa, Fla., and thenoe
by steamer, close at this office daily (except Mon-
day) at §7_A. M. (the connecting closes are on
Sunday, Wednesday and Friday), Matis
Meateo (ity, overland, unless specially addre
for despatch by steamer, close at this office daily
at 230 A. M. and 230 P. M_ Matls for Costa
Rica, by rail to Mobile, and for Helize, Puerto
Cortez and Guatemala, by rafl to New Orleans,
and thence by steamer, close at this affice daily
até P.M. sonnecting closes here Tuesdays for
Costa Rica and Mondays for Belize, Puerto Cor
ter and Guatemala giiegistered mall closes
ati P M, previous day

TRANSPACIFIC MAILS,

Malls for Australia (except West Austrata),; New
Zealand, Hawall, Fiji and Samoan Islands, vie
San Francisco, close here datly at 630 P, ML
after Aug. §)ath and up to Sept, §ist, incluatve,
or on day of arrival of steamship Campania, due
at New York, Sept. §ist, for despateh per steam-
ship Sierra. Mails for China and Japan, via
Vancouver, close here daily at 630 P. M. up to
Sept. gith, inclustve, for despateh per redirected

fo

 

FPmpress of China registered mat! must be direct
“via Vancouver Matis for China, Japan an
the Philippine Islands, via Tacoma, close here
daily atoco P.M. up to Sept. $4, inclusive, for
despatch per steamship Victoria. Matis for
Japan, China and Philippine Islands, via Seattie,
close here daily at 6:80 P.M. up to Sept §7th, tn-
chisive, for despateh per steamship Tosa Maru
(registered mall must be directed “via Seattle’),
Mails for Hawati, China, Japan and Pet
Islands, via San Franciseo, close here daily at
430 P.M. up to Sept 10th,§ Inclusive, for de-
spateh per steamship Dorie, Malis for Hawatl,
via San Franciseo, close here daily at 6.30 P.M
up to Sept §l4th, inclusive, for despatch per
steamship Australia, Malis for Australia (ex-
cept West Australia, which goes a hurope, and
New Zealand, which goes via San Francisco)
and Fiji Islands, via Vancouver, close here daily
at 630 P. M. up to Sept. §15th, inclusive, for
despatch per steamship Warrimoo (su lemen-
tary mails, via Seattle, close at 6:30 P, Sept
gi fth.)
Transpactiic malls are forwarded to port of safling
daily, and the schedule of closing ts arranged on the
presumption of thelr uninterrupted overland tran-
(Registered mati closes at 6 P.M. previous day
CORNELIUS VAN COTT, Postmaster
Post Office, New York, NY. Aug. 31, 1%

Medical.

Mae ely: OLD DR GRINDLE, GRADUA
¥ UNIVERSITY OF THE CITY OF NEW YOR

 

sit.

   

 

 

MEDICAL DEPARTMENT, 38 YEARS A_ SPE-
CIALIST IN DISEASES OF MEN. OLD DR. GRIN-
DLE has been longer established and has had more

  

experience than any other advertising phystecian;
city papers prove this. Under tis scientifie system
treatment blood and skin diseases, pain in bones, r
Spots, sore throat and mouth, ulcers, painful awell-
ings. Kidney and bladder complaints, 6calding In-
flammation, gravel, undeveloped organs, weak back,
lost vitality, are speedily, permanently cured Men
about to marry should go to DR. GRINDLE'S ol@
established office, over 15 years at 171 West 12th at,
between 6th and 7th avs. Impediments removed.
Sufferers, do not waste time consulting less skilful
physicians Remember OLD DR GRINDLE hasa
record for matvellous cures. Advice free. Medicine
$) llours to #; Sundays, 9 to}

OLD DR. GREY, 45 years a spectalist ta
diseases of men only. Quickest permanent eur
cuaranteed in all the diseases pecullar to men, blood
poison, skin diseases, kidney and bladder trouble
weakness, nervous debility, errors of youth, ba
dreams. undeveloped organs, Impediments to mar-
riage. &e Consult old Dr, Grey first: he ts the old-
est established and the longest in practice of any
spectalist in the city: oMee over 35 years at 120 Bast
17th st, near tnion Square Hours, ¥ to 8; Sun-
days. # to. Seientife treatment: advice freq Medi-
cine anly 50 cen No charge unless cured

A.

 

 

 

 

Q! ICKEST PERMANENT CURE tn diseases
of men. dangerous cases solicited, relief at onee;
those desiring only Orst-class scientific treatment
should call. Theleading spectalist, DR: SONSCHUR,
141 West 2istst, #0 45, Tto®

4 A.-DR CONRAD'S SANITARIUM (Beta
Ae 1840) Diseases of women, newly and @eom-
pletely equipped 127 W. 47th st (late 137), n-
sultation free. Hours 9-9 Sendforbookle® Tel
$520 38th

 

 

I R AND MRS. AMES. Oldest and most sucoess-

ful speetalists in female irregularities; estab-
lished 30 years, Improved scientific treatment; imme-
diate relief positively Guaranteed in most obstinate

 

cases, private sanitanum. regular graduated phy-

siclan, consultation free. confidential. 144 West23a,

opposite Proctor's Theatre

D" AND MES SCHROEDER, female ¢ sta:
careful, skilful, confidential treaument; vale

sanitarium. 240 Bast Sath st

DP REINHARD, regutar physielan, positively
FJ cures female irregularities; sing
fidential; safe, sure. 112 West 43d

22

 
 
   

W. 4vTH ST.—Dr Crowe cu
at once without pain or siete

4

rg