#Psr

Rae

-
? ’

STSeTsseas

et

@zeorseeoians

evMre resis

iid

“sr Frome 1 Oevwnt sts NO eearevrr ds

*Fevowee wn 2 oe orm

'
,
:
,
,
;
A
’
;
,

 

 
  
 
 
   
   

 
 

Fair to-day and probably to-morrow;
light northwest winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 82; lowest, 69.
Detalled weather reports on page 7.

     
 
    

 

a

VOL. LXXXIV.—NO. 340.

REASONS GIVEN
FOR KILLING BY
MRS. DE SAULLES

Mother Says Attempt Was
Made to Poison Son’s
Mind Against Her.

FOUND HUSBAND CRUEL

 

 

 

She Also Accuses Him of
Wasting $47,000 of Her
: Inheritance.

 

SLAIN MAN LEFT LETTER

 

George M. Hecksher, Cousin,
Makes Public Missive
Clearing Athlete.

 

After Mra. Bianca De Saulles, seatei
in her cell at the Nassau county jail
at Mineola, had toldy through her at-
torney, Henry A. Uterhart, the story of
the wrecking of her marital life, George
M. Heckscher, cousin of John Longer
De Saulles, made public last night a
jetter from the slain Yale athlete In
which De Saulles offered to permit his
former wife to be the sole judge of the
disposition of their little boy during the
month of July.

Where Mra. De Saulles, in the calm
recital that she sent to the public from
ber cell, charged her former husband
with cruelty, infidelity and attempting
to keep her child from her in violation
of an express agreement, the relative's
statement, including the letter, was
plainly designed to show that De Saulles
eonsulted Mrs. De Saulles fully as to his
plans for the boy, and left to her decision
the steps that were to be taken.

The letter which De Saulles sent to
his former wife was dated June 30. It
dealt only with the disposition of little
Jack De Saulles for the month of July.
Nothing whatever was said as to what
would be done during the month of
August. In the note De Saulles offered
to place his house and servants at the
disposal of the child for the month of
July, and to remain away from the
place during that time, if the mother
would consent to his remaining with his
toys and pets

Differs From Wife's Story.

It was quite another story that the
young woman, clad in her filmy white
sown, told as she sat facing her lawyer
in the Nassau county jail. She charged
that he had wasted her small fortune
end that he was a hearthveaker
the startling formula for winning any
girl: “A box of roses in the morning, a
motor ride in the afternoon and a din-
ner at night.”

The long story stretching through the
ix years of her marital life was told in
a monotone, with only here and there
a rise in voice as she recited some par-
ticularly repugnant or repelling chapter,
Her eyes looked straight in front of
her, held, as if entranced, on a small,
oval picture of her little son, Jack, whdé
was the innocent cause of the tragedy.
Now and then she would draw her gaze
from the phetograph and turning to her
lawyer plead to see her boy, if even for
only a minute.

It was for this boy that she had
undertaken the wild ride in the night to
his father’s summer home in Hempstead
Plains, eight miles from her own honse. Be-
fore starting, she said, she had phoned
to the Box, and getting the butler on the
wire had been told that the little chap
had been put to bed and that his father
had gone to the Meadow Brook Hunt
Club and would not return before 9
o'clock. Immediately she had started
to get the boy and return to her home
vane her former husband was at his
club,

Accuses Former Husband,

Although for the most part her atti-
tude was that of a woman stunned,
there were times when her bitter feel-
ings asserted themselves and her tones
grew hard and cold, At one point she
asserted that her husband had squan-
dered $47,000 of her $100,000 inheritance.
A minute later she was telling how she
had first come to believe her husband
was unfaithful, when, during the first
year they were married, she found in
his pockets the receinted bills for gowns
bought for other women.

De Saulles’s friends last night in-
fisted that the story was greatly ex-
Sggerated and that the dead man, in-
stead of having squandered his wife's
money, had been generous with her to a
fault. They scoffed at the idea of his
having spent her money on other women.

Afier the story had been told by the
Prisoner and Mr, Utertlart had met the
Newspaper men and in turn recited the
facts to them, the lawyer added his own
bit to the dramatic tale that he had just
finished.

“l have nothing more to say,” he an-
nounced, “except that if I fail to acquit
that poor little woman on the story that
the has given me I'll walk up to the
Judge and hand him over my certificate

of practice, I told Mrs. De Saulles that
this afternoon,
“Contrary to the general belief, Mrs.

De Saulles is not the wealthy woman

that she is rc. urted to be,” continued
Mr. Uterhart, “Her paternal grand-
mother,

Senora Vergara, was at one
time very wealthy, but four sons did
nothing but spend the millions so that
there was no vast sum left for the next
feneratjon. Mrs, De Saulles told me this
afternoon that the §100,000 she in-
herited comprised her entire fortune.

Says His Attitude Changed.

"Shortly after their marriage Mrs.
De Saulles said that her husband dis-
covered that she did not have the tre-
mendous fortune that he had expected
her to bring him. Immediately, she said,
ry attitude toward her changed, But
{her means were limited she was more

than generous with him. Barly in their

Married life Jack was in pretty tough
franctal straits and it is sald that he
ad to borrow money to go to Paris
When he married her in 1911, Soon after
the marriage she began giving him
money, In all she says that she pre-
ented him with $87,000 in checks and
hat besides thiy amount he had withs
out Sousulting her sold $10,000 worth
. sueks that she had in Chile, ‘This
Tanraction, it appears, was permitted
“cording to the laws of Chile.”

Most of the $37,000 that Mrs. De

siulles declared she gave to her hus-
nd, Attorney Uterhart sald was spent

Continued on Ftfth Page,

#

wn) em van ih he shld
= rane

ee

 

 

+++

PARIS WILL HAVE

ALAN SEEGER statue NUNDAY ADDS |

Will Be Erected in Memory o
American Poet.

Paris, Aug. 6.—It ta announced by
the Figaro that a statue will be erected
in memory of Alan Seeger, the young
American poet, who was killed on July
4, 1916, while fighting for France with
the Foreign Legion.

 

 

Alan Seeger was killed during the
assault on the village of Belloy-en-San-
terre, He wae struck by explosive bul-
lets from six machine guns which met
the first wave of the French attack.

Mr. Seewer was graduated from Har-
vard in 1910. He lived in Paris several
years prior to the beginning of the war
and was one of the firet Americans to
offer himself for service in the Foreign

ion,

Just after he went to the front he
began to send letters to Tus SUN
through its Paris correspondent and his

pictures of Mfe in the trenches
were widely quoted in this country and
in England. One of hie poems, “Ode
in Memory of the American Volunteers
Fallen for France,” was read at the
unveiling of a statue of Lafayette and
ue in Paris on Decoration Day,

Mr. Seeger was born in New York
on June 22, 1888. His family lived on
Staten Island ten years. He spent two
years in Mexico and in his fourteenth
year attended school in Tarrytown. He
lived a year in southern California be-
fore entering Harvard in 1906.

WOMEN SAVED FROM
NOORDAM COLLAPSE

Vessel Three Miles Off Shore
Discharging Cargo—Much
Water in the Hold.

 

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sun from the
London Times.
(Copyright, 1917, all rights reserved.)

LONDON, Aug. 5.—The Holland-Amer-
lca Line steamship Noordam, which
struck a mine Friday off the Holland
coast, was three miles from shore on
Saturday night and her cargo was being
discharged. It is hoped to get the ship
to port. In hold @ there is eight feet
of water and hold 5 is full.

The passengers when they came ashore
Dresented a strange spectacle. Many
were wrapped in blankets; most of the
women had no shoes; one was clad only
in pajamas. The shock, cold and ex-
posure caused the collapse of several of
them, and they had to be carried ashore.
L. P. Dungemons, a Hollander from
Java, told the following story :

“We had a long and unpleasant jour-
ney from Java, and were delig?*~d to be

Nand. Following °% cus-

it Indies, many vf the
were in their cabine in the
afternoon taking a nap when the ship
struck the mine; hence their half clad
condition. We felt the heavy shock,
Dut as we were within sight of the coast
nobody thought we were in danger.

“We realized when ordera came to
abandon ghip that the situation was
serious, but Capt. van Salraven and his
officers prevented anything like a panic.
Sixteen boats were dropped over the
side and the passengers got into them
in orderly fashion.

“The time of the accident was 4
o'clock in the afternoon and we were
apparently not more than five miles from
land, yet it was not until five hours
later that the tug Beems arrived. it
took some time to get the passengers
aboard the Beems and even then there
was another twelve hours before we
were landed.”

The sea was uncomfortable, but not
dangerous. A Hollander who gave the
name of Hoekstra, said he left South
Africa with his wife and children on the
Norwegian liner Kristianiafjord, which
was wrecked off St. John’s, Newfound-
land, Thence they were sent to Halifax
and transferred to the Noordam.

SPAIN’S ACT DEFENDED.

Internment ofg Damaged U-Boat
Causes Press Comtroversy.

Maprip, Aug. 5.—The Npoca, a Gov-
ernment organ, protests against the
comments of the pro-German press re-
garding the internment of the German
submarine U B-23, which arrived at
Corunna seriously damaged and was
taken to Ferrol. The Hpoca points out
that the German Government itself has
made no protest.

Replying to one paper which contended
the internment decree is contrary to
the Hague convention, the Epoca re-
calls that the convention left neutrals
the right to legislate on certain points,
including the question of submarines.
It is explained also that Spain is not
the first neutral to exercise this right,
Holland having taken analogous steps,

KING TAKES OATH
AS ATHENS CHEERS

Alexander States Attitude
Toward Beljigerents.

Arnens, Aug. 4 (delayed).—King
Alexander took the cols of office Setey

id great pomp and ceremony. e-
in by a troop of soldiers, the King in
a carriage drawn by four horses pro-
ceeded from the palace to the hall of
the Chamber of Deputies through streets
lined with cheering citizens.

Reaching the chamber at 10:30
o'clock, the King was met by a par-
liamentary committee, the Council of
Ministers and the clergy and escorted
to the legislative hall, which was deco-
rated with flowers and national flags.
The diplomatic corps was present in full
dreas and the chamber was filled with
Deputies, Ministers and guests.

The King wore the white uniform of
a General, with numorous decorations.
His entrance was the signal for hearty
cheers, which he acknowledged with
bows. As he remained standing to take
the oath Premier Venizelos was at his
right and the president of the Chamber
at his left. The oath was taken upun a
Bible handed him by the officiating
Bishop of the Greek Church. As this
portion of the ceremony was concluded
the hall rang with cries of “Long live
Alexander!" “Long live the Constitu-
tion!” and “Long live Venigelos !"

King Alexander then read the speech
from the throne on the future attitude
of Greece toward the belligerent Powers.
He was again cheered at the conclusion
of his speech, then leavip*4the Chamber
and returning to the pa ¢e. The cere-
mony was carried out wjiout incident.

acta! Biraad Puasa v8

approaching
tom in the

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

|
|
|

eS :

i

« Bh i ah

Re} 7. fr rc;

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Soares
NEW YORK, MOND

AY, AUGUST 6, 1917.—copyright, 1917, vy the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

’TROOPS GATHER FOR

DRIVE ON ER FOR || GERMAN RULER |

583 MORE TQ ona zie re

DRAFT IN CITY

 

Of 2,648 Examined About
74 Per Cent. Are Found
Physically Fit.

8,643 NOW ON HONOR ROLL

 

 

Board of Appeals to Convene
Wednesday—Can Scarcely
Finish by September 1.

~

 

Results of the Graft operations to
date indicate that New York city has
settled down to the steady furnishing of
one man for the National Army of every
five examined. It looks as if the city’s,
quota of 39,111 will be filled by the
calling of about 200,000 candidates, At,
the present rate this certainly cannot!
be done in less than two weeks. The |

district board of appeals is not yet in| between organized resisters of the selec- | (°°'™""Y knew exactly what

action, It is doubtful if tt will have
last of the quota certified before
tember 1.

Only nineteen of the 189 local ex- |
emption boards had examinations yes- |
terday. The others either took a day}
off to rest from their exacting toil or
spent Sunday in checking up their rec-
ords, preparing lists of more men that }
must be called or trying to find the
numerous company of men who have not
appeared to face the medical examiners
on the stipulated day.

Day's Work Yields 379 Men.

In figures yesterday's results were:
Examined, 2648. |
Physically qualified, 1707, |
Physically disqualified, 576. |
Passed and not indicating claims of |
exemption, 602.
Percentage of physically qualified, 74. |
Percentage of men apparently ready |
for the army, 22. !

the
Sep-

 

Turks are preparing to make a great
effort to regain Bagdad, according to
the Secolo of Rome, Gen, von Falken-
hayn, who commanded the Austro-Ge:~
man armies in Rumania last year, has
arrived at Constantinople to take charge
of the forces now being assembled,

Four Turkish divisions from De
brudja and Turkish troopy from Thrace

Ganeva, Aug. 5.—The Germans i

,@re being concentrated at the Turkish |

capital, Austria is supplying the heavy |
artillery and Germany is furnishing the
officers,

The offensive, the paper says, will
take place in the middle of September.

POSSEMEN KILL
DRAFTOBJECTOR

Two

 

 

 

 

|
of Pursuers Wounded, |

One Carried Away by
Gang.

HOLOBNVILLE, Okla., Aug. 6.—Fighting :
tive draft and possemen near here to-!
night resulted in the killing of Ed. !
Blalock, an objector to military service, |
and the wounding of two possemen, Jack

\2

 

HAD 14 HOURS T0
AVERT THEWAR

Official Denial That Berlin
Ifelped Frame Ultima-
tum Is Refuted.

HISTORIC INTERVIEWS

 

Newspaper Correspondent Re-
calls Words of Count Tisza
and Herr von Jagow.

 

By WILLIAM C. BULLITT.

Public Ledger correspondent, Berlin, 1916.
CopyrigAt, 1917, by Public Ledger Company

WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.—In spite of all “Was
; Mficlal German denials that Germany |
, had a hand in the preparation of Aus- |

tria-Hungary’s ultimatum to
which precipitated the world wa

Hungary was about to do.
This proof came to me from the lips
of Count Tisza, who wae at the time

Sun.

|

|

|

|

Serdia, | dictator, announced in news despatches

r, there | to-night, officials here see the first ef-
is In my possession absolute proof that | fects of America’s new fronclad em-

Austria- | bargo.

| advocates of the embargo against neu-

| Minister President of Hungary and the | Would 500,000 soldiers, were it possible

Paige and Henry Johnson. Paige was|‘ictator of the policies of the dual |

A large posse |

carried off by the gang. |

has gone to his rescue.

The fight, according to meagre reports
received from Calvin, took place about
three miles north of that place at the
crossroads schoolhouse. About fifty ob- |
Jectors, alleged members of the “work: |
ing class unjon,”’ have been congregating |
in the woods near here for the last weel,
posse members egald, and it was with
members of this organization that the
posse fought.

Two members of the resisters were
said also to have veen wounded, but it
had not been determined whether they
were captured '

It was not known which side opened
fire,

 

{
\

|
}

 

The results of all examinations to; Previous to the clash nine objectors |
date, including yesterday's: were captured in the hills after they
Examined, 16,769. ‘had been surrounded in a deserted cabin.
Physically qualified, 11,212 NDIANS R RIOTERS.
Physically disqualified, 4,564. i] lA TRAIL |
Passed and not indicating claims of | g jiatdataibibannis i

exemption, 588.

Percentage of physically qualified, 68. :

Percentage of men apparently ready |
for the army, 18.

Low figures for the first day make)
the proportion of physical and final eli- |
gibles lower than they really are, now |

that the majority of boards are at work. |

Eliminating these early figures, about
70 per cent. are being passed by the
physicians and about 20 per cent. of the
passed are waiving exemption claims.

tenth of its quota.
examine the maximum number each day
the task would not take long. It must
be remembered, .howey: when a
board finds that it needs more men and

calls them, they do not have to respond |

before the fifth, sixth or seventh day.
The periods allowed for filing and prov-
ing exemption claims prolongs the draft
period in each case. Some boards have

not even called their first candidates, hand,
but will do so this week. |

Appeals Board Meets Wednesday,

The thirty members of the district or
appeals board for this city, nominated |
by Gov. Whitman some time ago and}
appointed by the President on Friday, |
received notification telegrams from Mr. |
Whitman yesterday, Blanks for taking |
the oath of office are being maiied to}
them, The board will hold its first
meeting in room 223 of the Federal
Building, Manhattan, at 2 P. M. on)
Wednesday.

Most of the thirty were out of the,
city or on vacation yesterday, but hav- |
ing known of their nomgnation for at}
least three weeks it Is expected that)
nearly all will be on hand Wednesday. |
Their first duty is to organize, select
permanent headquarters and report to|
the Adjutant-General that, they are
ready to work. It is believed that
Charles E. Hughes will be elected chair-
man.

This district board will operate for |
the five counties of New York city,
ig the largest board In the country.

j into custody.
ting Class Union,” the “Jones amily”!
j and similar groups of objectors to mill-)

tary service failed to make good their;
New York has not yet obtained one- |

Ig the boards could | tives of the law, and State authorities to-

| row to

It| Rumors of trouble near Lamar,
It} Hugher county,

Troops Probably Will Not Be Unea |

in Oklahoma.

OKLAUOMA City, Okla, Aug.
Armed posses seeking to quell organized
resistance to the Federal draft law in|
central Oklahoma arrested thirty more,
men to-day, making a total of 19% taken |
Members of the “Work-;

i
'

boasted readiness to battle representa- |

 

night were hopeful that the disturbance

; Was at an end, with the-exception of
{rounding up the leaders to prevent an: |

} other outbreak.
Rumors of Federal intervention with
| troops, current last night, were said to-
;}day to be without foundation, but the
| United States Government will take a
through the District Attorney's
office, in running down and prosecuting |
the opponents of the draft law. \
District Attorney W. P. McGinnis of,
| Muskogee to-night informed Sheriff Al!
| Nichols at Wewoka, in Seminole county,
that representatives of the United States
Marshal's office and of the District At-
torney’s office would arrive there to-mor-
aid the State authorities, It was |

 

‘

|

would send troops to the district af- |
fected. |
'

Prove Willing Captives. {

Men arrested to-day were for the!
most part willing captives. A number!
of them sent word by women members|
of their families that they were ready |
to surrender. |
Two strong bands of the draft resist-
ers remain, according to reliable in-!
formation, the others having broken up |
when pursuit became hot. Twenty-six |
men are in one group eight miles north- |
west of here, camped on Salt Creek, |
while a smaller gang is ten miles east, |
in
to-night could not be!

will decide all exemption claims ap-!traced to any reliable source. '

pealed from the 189 local boards and |
will have original jurisdiction in respect
of agricultural and industrial claims.
It probably also will help to coordinate
the work of the local boards,

The only member of the district board
reachable last night was Dr. J. Evan
Shuttleworth of Richmond Hill. He
said he had just received his telegram
from Albany, had not talked with other
members, but felt sure that all would
be ready for swift action.

Registration Cards Stolen.

From time to time losses of registra-
tion cards have been reported by several
local boards. It was attributed to care-
leasness, Last night, however, United
States Marshal McCarthy was looking
into what appears to be @ serious case
of theft—serlous for the thieves if they
are caught, that is.

Two East Side youths, Benjamin Bu-
bin of 347 Fifth street and Louis Cooper-
man of 156 Second street, were stand-

 

Continued on Siath Page.

Printers Play Ball
So Sammy May Smoke

TT'O-DAY it’s the union printers
of New York and Boston who
are to help THE SUN’S Tobacco
Fund with a baseball game at Eb-
bets Field. Other events will be
athletic contests by soldiers and
Boy Scouts. Band concert begins
at 2 o’clock, ball game at 8. No
admission fee, but boxes at the
gate will receive contributions,

This morning tickets will be

laced, on sale at the Comedy
Mheatre 110 West Forty-first
street, for the productions to be
given Thursday and Friday
nights by the Washington Square
Players’ School of the Theatre,
The portcomances are going to be
excellent, so reserve your seats
to-day.

Hotel and restaurant patrons
are loading down the contribu-
tion jars with gifts for Sammy.
Also all the boxes in the Schulte
cigar stores are bulging. -Certifi-
cates and soupens deposited
therein help swell the fund. And
you may make money contribu-
tions in these shores, Mr. Schulte

    
     
     
       
   
   
       
       
     
         
       
   
   
   
   
   
         
     
   

 

Among the captured objectors are four |
alleged leaders, Mate Harris, John |
Spears, who sent word that he wished |
to surrender; Albert Huckleberry and
Jabez Benefleld. At least three of the
leaders, according to prisoners’ state-
ments, still are at large.

monarchy, and from the lps of Excel-
lenz von Jagow, who was until last
November Germany's Secretary
State for Foreign Affairs.

| President Wilson will approve an em-

of Oly enough food for thetr own use and

In September, 1916, when I had thene |

conversations, it appeared possible that, her whole system of food administration.

the United States might be able to
mediate between the warring nations.
My primary purpose in seeking these
conversations was to ascertain exactly

what peace terms the statesmen of Ger-
many and Austria-Hungary would offer,
so that on reaching Washington in Oc-

Talke Were Gonfidential.

. I made records of the conversations
immediately. I did not attempt to carry
the records with me, but at once sent
them out of the confines of the Central

Powers by a route which was not under | cording to figures furnished by the Brit-
j the eyes of censors and military au- | ish, enough fat is going into Germany to

thorities.
As the statements contained in these

of conversations of thie nature I re-
garded them as confidential, and merely
communicated them.

Now, however, the German Govern-
ment has again attempted to evade all
responsibility for setting the world afire
by issuing the official mistatement:

Moreover, we again declare that the
German Government abstained from
any intervention in drafting the Aus-
trian ultimatum to Serbia, and that
the German Government was com-
pletely ignorant of the contents of the
ultimatum before its dispatch.

And the State Department, of its own
initiative, has employed some of the in-

| tober { might inform the Department of been able to feed her soldiers and main-
| State in regard to the exact attitude of; *#!n the morale by huge importations
the Governments of the Central Powers. aed the neutrals, the importations from

|

| records were made to me in the course {oo

|
|

|

 

|

‘
{
}

formation communicated by me as aj}

basis for the statement’ issued through
various Washington correspondents, to
the effect that Germany had Austria-
Hungary's note to Serbia fourteen hours

grade.
Count Tisza Deeply Depressed.

My conversation with Count

jin advance of its presentation in Bel- |

Tisza | dence in the Government ; sixty-one voted
said also that !t was not likely the State | took place on September 3 in the Palace! no and thirty of them abstained from

of the Hungarian Minister President. He |

was deeply depressed by
declaration of war.

Rumania’e

I questioned him at length in regard to} for the differences between the Socialists
the terms upon which Austria-Hungary | and the other members of the Chamber

would make peace, in regard to the pros-
pects of Mittel Europa, in regard to his
willingness to have President Wilson
act as mediator, and many other vital
matters.

“When you wrote the note to Serbia
you expected to have war with Serbia,
didn't you?" I asked. “You knew Serbia
would not accept your demands?”

“I knew Serbia would have to accept
them unless Russia supported her,”
Count Tisza replied. “Every friend of
the monarchy in the world agreed that
our treatment of Serbia was more than

patient. We endured injuries from her
for years. We had to put an end to
them."

Germany Knew All About It.

“Of course, it goes without saying

1

Two of these|that you had talked over your note to!

men, !t is sald, are expected to show/|Serbla with the German Foreign Office |

fight before being captured.

The trailing of the revolutionists was
made easy by full blooded Indians,
Seminoles for the most part, who fol-
lowed the tracks unerringly, and by
their ability in woodcraft effected many
captures.
loyal white citizenry throughout the ur-

The Indians have aided the | friend, and if he is about to take a step

rising and but very few have been found | discuss the whole matter with his friend

in the ranks of the malcontents,

Told Death Was Certain.

Affidavits by prisoners tell of the be-
lief of the tenants, inspired by agttators,

that to be drafted into the national army | tion with Von Jagow, the Secretary of

was to go to sure death,
The resistance to service has been

the binding element holding together| ward annexations in Serbia I tnter-

the scattered elements of the uprising,
However, the discontent which rendered

the movement possible had its begin-| ultimatum to Serbia what he warted
ning more than two yeurs ago, it is| was not land but control,

said. Shortly after the outbreak of the
war, when cotton prices were low and
transportation costs high, tenant cotton
farmers asserted that if they ran out
of food and money they would get it
by force. Since that time agitators with
promises of wealth and power have

| finding a fertile ground for their propa-
| ganda, Lately the meetings have been
| held as often as three times a week,
| always in secluded e#pots in the woods.
The capture of “Bud” Manealey early
to-day by Che Parney Fixico, a Seminole
Indian, presented a humorous feature
of the grim happenings of the last few
days. Manealey, dressed as a woman,
accompanied by two women members of
his family, wae discovered on the road to
| Sasakwa by the Seminole. Suspictous of
the coarse timbre of Manealey's voice,
the Indian shoved his rifle into the dis-
gulsed man's ribs so violently that his
bonnet was knocked off, disclosing a bald
head, Marching his prisoner to town
| Fixico placed a log chain around his
neck and, fastening him to a post, stood
| guard over him until relieved,
| Investigating Fire at Fort Bliss,

Eu Paso, Tex., Aug. 6.—Fire of un-
known origin destroyed 27,000 bales of
i hay, valued at $75,000, at Fort Bliss
| early to-day. Scores of motor @rucks
succeeded in moving 1,000,000 bales from

 

 

| and failing to find a place in the jail, |

IT SHINES FOR ALL

 

‘ONE CENT In Greater New York

{ Elsewhere
TWO CENTS.

KAISER’S FRIEND
PREDICTS PEACE
BEFORE WINTER

 

WILHELM II. PICKS FOOD DICTATOR

AMSTERDAM, Aug. 5.—According to the Weser Zeitung of Bremen
the German system of food distribution is about to be reorganized
under Herz von Waldow.

Herr von Waldow, high bailiff of Pomerania, according to the
Berlin Vossische Zeitung, has been designated as successor to Adolph
von Batocki as president of the German Food Regulation Board, or
“food dictator,” as that post is commonly known. .

In addition to the conference of representatives of the Central
Powers called to meet at Budapest to discuss the Danube problems
there will be this month an important conference of German and
Austro-Hungarian representatives in Vienna to discuss the future dis-
position of the Rumanian crops. The present understanding covers
only the current year,

           
    
        
      
   
   
     

 

'“Visscherij Courant” Gives
* View of Big German
Manufacturer,

 

 

U.S. EM. ARGO |PRESSURE NOW ACUTE
FOOD CRISIS IN GERMANY | austria and Disaffected

Teutons May Force Se.
rious Proposals,

 

Naming of Another Dictator and Reorganizing of:
Distribution System Laid to the Cutting

Off of Imports. POVERTY GRIPS NATIONS

 

It was to stop this that the President |
authorized the embargo. That Germany | Civilia ns Must Go in
is in alarm over the effects of the move
ie regarded as certain frum the efforts
ahe is making to meet the expected
shortage.

Those who have stood for a strict em-
bargo are inclined to interpret the news,
from Berlin as a“vindication of their at-.
titude, They believe that the embargo |
is without question the most powerful |
weapon the United States has to use
against Germany at the present time,
and that it should be used without mercy
not of course so as to starve the neu-
trals, but certainly so as to prevent
them from feeding Germany with Amer-
ican food as they have in the past

Special Despated to Tae Sux.

HINGTON, Aug. 5.—In the shake-
up of Germany's food distribution sys-
tem and the installation of a new food

.
Rags to
Clothe Soldiers—AlLlies

Await Plea.

   

One of the main arguments used by E . .
rzberger Persists in

His Peace Propaganda
ENEVA, Aug. 5.— Mathias

Erzberger, member of the
German Reichstag, says the news-
paper Liberte of Freiburg, is car-
rying on the same intrigues and
peace propaganda in Switzerland
as were conducted previously by
Prince von Buelow, formerly Ger-
man Chancellor.

On Saturday, the newspaper
says, he received calls from many
neutrals here. His efforts to get
in touch with representatives in
Berne of the Allies are said to
have been unsuccessful so far.

trals was that it would mean as much
in winning the fwar for America as

 

to send them to the front at once.
With the growing certainty

that
bargo which will release to the neutrals
no more, it is supposed the prospects of

an even greater curtailment of her food
supplies forced Germany to reorganize

No Foodstaf Exports.

Virtually no foodstuffs are going |
abroad at present, but this is more be- |
cause all the details of the bargo
policy are not ready to announ than |
because of the operation of the em-
bargo itself. As soon as replies are
received from all the neutrals in re-
sponse to inquiries of thie Government |
as to their food needs the Exports Coun- \
cil will announce the policy under which |
food will be allotted to the various neu-|
tral countries,

On the basis of the food requirements ; Special Cable Despatch to Tre Sun
of a normal person in fats, proteing and | an
carbohydrates, an estimate will be made | LONDON, Aug. 5.——If Berlin, under the
of the requirements of the population of | Pressure of Austria and the disaffected
the neutral nations. The deficiency ex- {elements {n Germany, puts forth a seri-
isting the United States ta bonged ous, direct peace proposal in the autumn,
ieotia wit ae ceatial this no exper in order to avold another winter of war,

In this way it is hoped to keep food- | 2# is almost universally expected here, it
etuffs entirely out of Germany and to/ 1s likely to get a cold reception tn Lon-
make the shortage which now confronts! gon and Paris unless it promises defi-

nitely and positively the restoration of

the empire a terrifying reality.

toe SSS all conquered territory, including Alsace
and Lorraine, and ample, indemnity for
the damage done.

SOCIALISTS, 8 LIT, ‘BiG LEAGUE TEAMS nate aie acai eae ae
REPUDIATE FRANCE MAY PLAY IN FRANCE

ability to withstand another winter of
war. Reports to this effect are coming
Wealthy Baseball Enthusiast | “We saw a letter to-day from a big
}German manufacturer who h ften
Offers to Provide Games ete naa

Germany has kept starvation off in
the past largely through the foodstufts
she was able to get from the neutrals
to supplement her own scanty supply.

Large Imports of Fats.

In fats particularly Germany has suf-}
fered a serious scarcity, but she has

hese sources containing a little more
than five and one half pounds per capita
a@ year, corresponding to about one-
quarter of an ounce daily, which is
almost one-quarter of the daily fat in-
take of each German at the present time.

From Scandinavia and Holland, ac-

supply 7,700,000 soldiers, virtually the
entire army of effectives in the empire.

 

 

 

of sources. Thus the Amsterdam Vise-
ohertj Courant, after citing other testi-

 

 

Refuse Vote of Confidence in
Government—Angered by

with increasing frequency from a variety
| visited the Kalser saying that peace can

 

| be expected speedily. Last week an-

Stockholm Crisis. Behind Lines. | other German of considerable {!mpor-

° tance declared that Germany does not

intend to begin a new winter campaign

Special Cable Deapatch to Tuw Sun from the WASHINGTON. Aug. 5.—A wealthy} because the country is unable to carry

London Times. it through to the end.”

(Copyright, 1917, all rights reserved.)

'

baseball enthusiast has offered to ore

the undertaking if Clark Griffith, man- Allies Are a Unit for Victory.

|
Paris, Aug. 5.—For the first time| ger of the Washington Americans, will} in proportion, however, as German
since the beginning of the war the|take two teams of major league base-| necessities, hopes and plana for peace
Socialiste have refused to vote confi-| ball players to France for a series of| increase Great Britain and France

games behind the lines for the enter-/| Stiffen in their resistance to all peace

j efforts which are not accompanied by an
tainment of the American soldiers and! initial assurance of restoration of terrl-

their allles. Mr. Griffith said tonnlsht } tories and reparation for losaes,

mat _ would submit the project to} Telegrams exchanged among the rulers,
oth onion Banee ane Danes. , | Premiers and war chiefs of the various
‘ ‘ ae ue AN ay volunteer | helligerent Powers on the third anni-

Dp ae a © sought with a view to! versary of the war unanimously breathe

getting the back of the front series courage and a determination not to stop

Started as soon as possible after the short of victory

season here closes. ; Recent mysterious
A condition of the offer is that Walter

Johnson, the Washington pitcher, be one

of those selected for the trip.

voting.
This is not altogether to be regretted,

are frankly recognized. The French So-
clalists are acting largely under the
influence of the events in Russia and
have allowed themselves to be pushed

 

conferences and
; hurried meetings of the representatives
lof the different Governments are under-

 

 

  

into a situation which from the point |; stood to have been partly due to the
of view of practical politica is unten- ‘necessity of arranging that these mes-
able. PRISONERS VERIFY sages, which were proinptly made public,

Technically the Soctalist party repre- Should have the same tone. Advices
sents a sixth of the population of BRITISH ONSLAUGHT jf concerning Germany's intention to in-
France; in reality, many of its members cnnsaneenaiinionsen j@augurate another peace effort made
were elected on a second ballot; that in, : ; necessary a unanimous expression from
as compromise candidates. This was due Fire So Deadly Germans | the Entente Powers making it clear
to the extraordinarily bad feeling which Couldn’t Serve Guns. | that Germany must drop her quib-
was aroused between Catholic candidates va bling and intrigue if she wants peacu
who were unsuccessful on the first bal- RR ; soon and state her aims and peace terms
lote in the last general elections, | By PE ¥ ROBINSON, in a manner satisfactory to the Entente;

Nevertheless, the Socialists have been | Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sux from rhe | otherwise every one of the allied nations
acting as if they alone are the true in- London Times {is ready to reject her overtures

terpreters of national feeling, and as an
outcome of the controversy over their
attendance at the Stockholm conference

Copyright, 1911; @ll righta reserved

\ Poverty in Austria and Germany,
BritisH HEADQUARTERS IN FRANCE,

 

 

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

= jreat Britain, France and Italy are
and that they knew the contents before | they have accepted the notion that they | Aug. 5,—It has been learned from Ger- all in possession of full supplies and re-
it was sent?’ I then asked. | eee for France. man prisoners that in the big drive on/ serves and firfancial arrangements have
“I do not care to answer that ques- This claim is combated by the Gov-/ ithe wanders front last Tuesday every | been made to continue the war another
tion directly,” said Count Tisza, “But| ernment and the elements which repre- t Ra(Heettaniinii j *\year. It is known that Austria has been
you can draw your own conclusion. If] sent that part of the country upon which | Un Of certain batteries In the Zonne-| vais to assure supplies and resonreea
@ person has a very clcse and strong| the majority is based. Yesterday's vote, | beke area was destroyed by the British for a winter campaign, and it is now be
bl 1 a h t & paren a jah Sense ararty, the artillery fire and no food for the German | lieved that Germany's situation is litt's
of the most terrible gravity, does he not} nature of the vision. was not so Fi ibet‘er, especially as regards food. cere
mucha vote of confidence as a vote HRSPE AS, been Gellvorns : a6 ths OG T cals netal necessaries and clothing ¢
and finally tell him what he has decided | against the whole policy of the Stock- | vanced positions for two, and In some|;. 4, jared that in order to clothe t a
to do?" holm oonferenco and the deep feeling | cases, for three days. It was Impossible | German army properly to fight through
Somewhat less than three weeks later| for peace brought out there. This at|in some sectors to man the German the coming winter the civil population
I entered the @erman Foreign Office, on | the present moment would play directly | trenches, will have to go in rags or worse
the Wilhelmstrasse, for a final conversa- | into the hands of the enemy. German artillery officers who were The atemner attitudé of the British
ee ee captured say that the British fire was | people on this question of peace ts shown
State for Foreign Affairs. LANSING ON WAY BACK. 80 deadly and uninterrupted that they |} by the fact that the labor unions are
When the course of our talk ran to- on were compelie’ to remain in their dug- lV aavelonine substantial unan!mity tn their
; Outs and cou make no attempt to serve nates P oh , sh ¢ wate
jected Becretary of State Has Spent Muck their mike far a day and . cals, tia | avr the eens ! f a ie .
e ; a » attenc 2 Stoc ) conference d
“But when Count Tisza wrote the of Vacation Fishing. The reward for this efficlency was seen \few weeks ago the Government believed
z in the extraordinarily light casualties the }4+ was facing a serious dilemma hecans:
oe oe sees ee ne Sritish suffered when assembling men | | as miaht be offended if. ae ‘on nate
Ma Biltmore. as tateniven N #. yes | £08 Attack and when the attack took | were not permitted to go; now, however,
“Too Late,” Said Von Jagow,. terday. The Secretary of State will re- place, | resolutions, interviews and many pri-
“TY did not have a hand tn preparing |turn to Washington to-day and will neeenpNanREENITEN {vate expressions of opinion by labor
the note,” Von Jagow replied. “Down / resume his duties after a month's vaca- | BUSTANOBY AUTOPSY IS URGED. | leaders and members of other ¢ rganlzie
in Budapest they keep spreading the| tion spent at Henderson Harbor, ee tions have made it clear that this eics
story that we prepared tho note at such; Mr, Lansing is much improved in 7 Tment is not only willing but is actually
‘a rate that denials are hopeless. I saw jhealth, He has passed a great portion Restaurateur Was Mordered, | inwistent that delegates shall not be ale
worked continuously in the vicinity,/the note for the first time at 6 o'clock }of the time fishing, Mrs. Lansing will Woman Telephones Coroner. ‘lowed to go to the Swedish capita
t , Sec
| nel niga tt aad teceeaten - if | sccompany the Secretary on his return, Coroner Hellenstein was asked last! Strange Polltical Situation,
ols : ae a night to order an immediate autopsy |
. : ’ ost Yi my relopmer s brought abot
{tt clock the anes re te wae mo} COAL PRICE LIMIT ASKED. upon the body of Louis Bustanoby, the ff This Gover ees : - ¥ < ‘ing . 7 one
oe ee have discussed its con- | , sepeenninaes restaurant owner who died in his home, | Sinister ty 4 aa tart btn cd for
tenth benere I interrupted, Trade Board Urged to Set Tem-/| 80 West Fortieth street, Saturday. The | ian earch of mak ng arrangements to
“All we had done was to assure Aus- porary Maximum, request came from @ woman who sald! ieng British representatives to Stock=
d b .
tria that we would back her up in an ee Mr, Bustanoby was slowly murdered by alin Minister Henderson represente
7 t to punish Serbia, She was per- | C1caGo, Aug 5.-—Establishment within | the administering of poison, organized British labor in the War
Psberrompd nein going in to punish Serbia the next ten days of temporary maxi- ‘The mysterious murder charge came | covina: he went to Paris without eons
age i eee navitabie.? replied Von Jagow | mum coal prices is asked of the Federal| by telephone to the Coroner's office It! ulting ‘the Gover ent Wher ritie
vit ne words of Von Jagow and Tisza | Trade Commission in a memorial made} came from a woman who said cver the | Siked in the House of Commons the Gove
shemesives therefore, this much fs estab. |PUbIic here to-day by = Dees wire that she was « sister-in-law of | genment pleaded ration, fears
lished: The representatives of the Haps- Bureau, @ national agency through 2 hich | Bustanoby,. | ing labor leade would precipitate
burg# and the representatives of the warning eitee exchange data relative to) Jacob Anekstein, night clerk at the | troublu {f Henderson should be repudt-
jointly discussed and de.|°!¥!e affairs. Coroner's office, received the demand and | arog and forced to resign.
Hensnamiere’ & asaneal policy in at Se It is asserted that present prices are/ immediately traced the call to a drug | pe develops that the Government
ere soneenttene Ze, ne 6 oe wat an store at 118th street and Broadway, Hej yoo tnnecessarily concerned about the
B * ; y | 8 8 win ould not learn the name of the wo ati bor, andthe tndicat
the asing of the ultimatum wag | Public calamity y cc woman. | attitude of 1a
late eo Tisza, But the ultimatum unless immediate action is taken to as- The nignt clerk called Coroner Hellen- it) the unions tnémselves wil! take
‘in its final form was handed to the | #Ure purchasers of what the cost of coal stein and told him of the charge. The steps to repudiate Henderson and insist
German Forelgn Office fourteen hours will be this fall. An investigation 18! Coroner ordered the Second branch de-! 5, the most vigorous prosecution of tho
before it was handed to Serbla, During suggested to determine a just price, and | tective bureau to begin an inveatigation! war, with no peace intrigues throug)
those fourteen hours a word from the | the commission ts asked to protect ex-| concerning the source of the telephone | gootalists, but only direct negotiations
Kaiser would have saved the world isting contract Griese after ares tor! message. He said that the future ac- | with the Central Emptres on their initia
from the blood, starvation, tears and | !mereased cost of labor and supplies, tion of the Coroner's office would de-| tive as
, eee: > Pp > oT d George's spe tt
th it has suffered for the past thrse ‘ pend upon what the Police Department Premier Lloy ee ie
oo S | “® Pais” Building Barns. found in its investigation, Dr, Hellen-| initial meeting of the Nato | Wee
Only fourteen hours! ‘Too little time.” Buenos Ayres, Aug, 5.—The building| stein said that he would order an au-| Aims Cominittee yesterday has created
Yet there are many telegraph wirew# be- | occupied by the newspaper O Paice was|topsy if the police found any basis for|a profound impresal ans 7 at ne a
| tween Berlin and Budapest. j destroyed by fire to-day. euch action. éeclaration that England iteads

the danger zone, An Investigation of
adding 30 cents to every dollar. | tne per ee de
' b
¢.

a ae

    
    
     
   

a

se Sta a a momma

<a

eee
SS ae

{
‘,

if
‘

See