(= en mmm ee

rege eet ng SE pment centr

Se Se pee ck

ee —

i

?
aE)

THE CLARK BRIBERY CASE,

SINATE SAID TO
81,250,000

amt
Cost

Bis SHAT IN
WAR

Testimony Mxpected This Week That wil
Astound the Country A Montana Deno-
orat Kapresses the Opin That All the
Charges Axainat Clark Will Be Proved,

Wasnrxoton, Jan, 13. ‘The examination of
witnesses ty the Senate t Privi-
leges and Pieetions, investigaiing the charges
of bribery wgainst Senator Clark of Montana,
aday, The only dra-

 

mimittes on

will be resumed on Wedt
matic incident of the tnvestiwation #0 fac Was
the exhibition to the committer yesterday ol
the $40,000 in cash which has been w indering
about for several montis with:
ownership. Lurge crowds hase
dally to the sessions of the committee, but he.
@alise the testimony has not been of & sensne
tlonal charneter the impression among those
on the outside is that the case against
Benator Clark will fal This, however,
fea hasty conclusion Those persons who
have knowledue of the situation in Montana,
both lawyer and laymen, make the assertion
to-day that there are wiinesses now on their
way to Washington whose testimony will he
@0 direct and convincing With regard to the use
of large sums of money by those acting on MP,
Olark’s instructions, as to leave no doubt in
the minds of the committee and the public
that the accused Senator is guilty on every
@harge. Indeed, one of those personally ine
terested in the work of the committee, &
Democrat and a citizen of Montana, expresses
the opinion that the people of the United
Btoates will be astounded by the testimony that
will be given within the next few days, He

heen attracted

thinks that it will not be possible, per-
haps, to show the exact amount of
Money disbursed by Mr. Clark, but is

@onfidient that witnesses will be produced who
Will be able to account for the expentiture of
@t least $1,250,000 This gentleman expresses
the further opinion that the evidenes on this
point will show conclusively that @ large part
@f the money was spent in the direct bribery of
the members of the Logisiature, and Chiat as a
Peeult there will not bea member of the com-
mittee, either Republican or Democrat, who
Will vote to retain Mr. Olark in his seat, Tt ts
thougit, therefore, that the raport of the com-
Mittes will be so unanimous atdso overwhelm-
ing against Mr. Clark that it will not be nee-
exsary to call the ralj in the Senate on the
Question of declaring his seat vacant,

The investigation of the charges against
Benator Clark bas invelved the political and
business interests of
tent thatanumber of citizens of that State
are now in Washington and more are comings
Amuapjority of them are ao closely concerned
one way oranother inthe outcomes that it is
only when a man is found who ia known to be
dnterested in the case only because of his de
sire to maintain the honor ot the State and re-
buke those who have assailed it that the tr ith
ean be ascertained, It is from one of this class
that THe SUN correspondent has obtained
the foregoing information rhe men who are

working in the interestof Menator Clark of
course pooh-pooh the idea chat the Senate
committee will find bim euilty, but they are
the same men who & few Weeme itu Were
loudly assuring Senator Clark and the public
that the Sucreme ( Montana would
giore the charges again Viorney John e
ellcome, The evi, sowearer, ater invest
gatiog the charges tame’ bor, ) Pomp! y ex.

'
i

the senate com-

itterence of

pelled him trom the Montana
During all the sess ons ot
mittee the ailence ans apparent i

the leading counse for chy prosvention, exe
Benator Edmunds, | h norked, With a
Diack slik cap on his hald head he has satina

wn in hiseharr,
his foretinger

 

vharacteristic attitude (ov
hie chin resting on his!
occasionally rubbing bs hose and his eves bal
closed, as if heawere dreaming To those who

pow Senator Falmunds, ver, this silence
ne, trouble. Hig attitude is described as
that of a panther before syriowing, and those
who have watched him dav by Gay predict that
when the important testimony ol the prosecu.
tion has been submitted, aud the leading wit-
nesses tn his favor have been put upon the
stand, he will arouse himself for the eomtat
and make such a bitter arratgnment of the
cused Renator a4 willsurprise the county and
drive him from the Senate.

It isa fact that charwes against} nite! States
Benators for the improper tse of money in
securing theirelection have, except livery rare

nstunces, resulted in a whitewashing report,
ut those who are cooneeted with th s livestl.
gation of the milionatre copper king, say that

 
 

   

  

 

the circumstances of it are entirely ususnel
and that the Senate will not dare to ignore the
testimony that will seo0n be submitted A Mon-

tana Democra’, Who is acquainted woth every
atep of this famous controversy, said to-day
“Tam eoufident that tl ean ta demonstrated
asatactthbar Wr Clark pou at lease S1,U" ty
for his seat, ar’ Lam justas confident ther he
would to-day writ) hia check for 2000000 if
he could be assured that the Investigating
Mmmittee wou. Ladjoorn and the ease against
im be dro Kur i will not he dropy
until those wao have cast dishonor upon the
Btate of Montana have been exposed before the
world"
At the session of the committee to-day Ho Ti
Garr, who was on the stand yestert oy wasre-

e@alled and wave some es plinations of Nle reart.
,

 

   

 

 

ony in repiy to questions asked him by
enator Turney (Dem., Toun

The next ‘ness was Marcus Tinfavette

ewtttof dientansyaminer Heatestited that
ewae in Gelena during the meer gel ths
wegistitucoan had eonversations the with
Oharies VoClack, Welleomeand ivektort. wil
syere AlLicd Oe in the interest of Seuacor Clark
He was asked by Charles Wo Clatk (oser Sleers
@ State Sensor, and find out whether he wou

‘tor Clark
Clark told me,” the withes« tes.

vote forse)
“Chariton VW

   

Ciffed, “ehat - should see Myers and should
ffer him *10.000 for his vote Ttold cnist
yers, Who aeeined to ben littl unwil in

into eopversation with me on the aube

nter
jen He said he eouid no! see his way cleariy
odo anything of that kind,

Whit report did you make to Charles W

@Olark?"

“Ttold him what took place between meand
eres and he told ine tosee Myers agitn ane
| bim that he Wanted to ree bim Tt saw
yera the next day and tod him, and he said

fie had been thinking over the matter, ana
that if Charles W. Clark would put Si000 in
the hands of Mr. Whitesiie, he (Myers would

vote for Senator Clark, if the money was to be

his.”

“Did you make areport of that to Chartes W
Olark 7?"

“Edid. Tesald it wasall satiefactory. Tmet
Dim next day in the lobby of the hotel wad
asked him if Myers was gong to vole forhis

He said that he was, that Whiteside
and that evervthing was satis.

ather
had the money
pagiore.
Vitnese went on and detniled a conversation
which he hag with Senator Clark, ip which he
mekerd the Senator why he placed so much Gon.
Adence in Whiteside, and the Senator replied
that Whitesice was perfectly reliavie. Wotneas
teatifiod that after the exposure he asked Sen-
ator Clark what he was gofne te cocand the
Renator sail there was only one thang to do
and that was (fo rake the people heleve that
the Daly faction had form ed a consp racy, aud
that the money had heen patun by then
"What did vou sav to that?” witness was
asked.
“Ftold him,” he rep!ed.,
all rieht if he could fixit
Witness detaiied severn
which he hat with sei

 

“that it would be

) other conversations

revark af er the ox.

 

posure, inoss of whir he Senator sald

“Tdo not owe these ws anything  Tnaid
them all they asked, Lam under no onligatun
fo them, ard TP oxy the to cdo ae thy

rgreetbymes

Vitness mentioned the names of Charlee W

  

Olark, Wedeome, Beekford. Netland others as
pereous Benet Clark sald he mig confer
with, but ile senator had not spoken of thet:

Daving any sp cial authority
On eroee-eeaan inn by Mr. Faulkner the
Withess saa th was Republican, bur
al as one of

» Peo?

      

   

 

 

 

lark’s ' He was very
ntewd whe were working for
irk, ‘'y Were looking for all
! avikn the printed testi.
Mens OF the before the Grand
Jury these ser 6
hove pott na epart inthe Ser
atoval tight 1! ape Seoutor Myers,
butin noo maonerin rea ' vomoney to
he vs: enol Pte purchase any |
elidd notsayt mthaed mtd get STO,000 fer
him fo his vote fo Vroeiy rany other
man

“Is that.’ Mr. Fanikner asked, correc
atatemer f your es nee hbeoore the Grand
adury?

Phe witiese Tt te

Mr. Faulkner- What statement dt! youmake
hefore the Grane durs

The Withess- Lhey wantdd meto state what
Dkuew atbour the mat ind vdthat [dea
not know thet Leou rowe avi hing

.

\ Hiokner repented the from the
tes inouy. ani th thess sald that he had
not te the st inet thatwa

{ ' ike tt Mr sulkner per
Biste

Ti tknov l ! sid that aa faras
iy aseor n " Thad noth ta do with it

Mort wm" tr th netoale ' " .
A iy Wich handling

Phe eonten between the witnese’s tes.
mony before the Garand ry estimory
pen re tha committee wast sol herd upon

he Withess, Who Appeared? unabie to ex
plain it

In reply to other questions the witnese said
that he had frst mentioned whet he knew on |

@ sutject a lew days agoto Mr, Birney, con-

‘

sone to claim |

Montana to such an ex- |

|
|
|
Mr.
yourself before this committee than it was to
perjure yourself be ore the Grand Jury?
Witness— I did not suppose that 1 was perjur-
|
:
|
t
|
|
|
'
|
|
'
|

|
|
ie
|

| Wasiirneton, Jan, 13
|

THE SUN, SUNDAY.

 

ee] for the enatgatante, , cone | dr ahen
received or had any promise to rece von
sideration for his testimony, Referring tothe
conversations With Myers the witnesa was
asked whether he did not know that Myers
wus bitterly opposed to Clark’> can lidacy He

aimitted that Myers came from a Daly
| loeality On being closely pressed the
witness eri? — that Myers bad told

hom, at the first interview, that he could not
‘vote for lark under any circumstances, He
hod reported that, substantially, to ¢ harile
i Clark, who told him to #eo Myara again and
te bim that he (Charley) wanted to see bin
| He inet Myers walape Up the street and men.
tooed thisto him, wad Myers ald: I have
been thinking this matter over, and you ca!
tell ( harlie Clark that if he owtll put $10,000
| ty Whiteside’ hands for me Tinay vote for bigs
| or [may not.”

Mr Fanikner=And yet with this personal
kiowedge you weat before the Grand Jury
and made this stareineot, Did you know then
that Myers bad deen there before you?

Witness Laid not,
| Mr Foulkner=Did you not know that you were

brought there to contradict the testimony of

Myers himself?

Jituess Ldid pot know that fact.

he chairman gave the witness an oppor-
tunity toexplain the contradiction in- hie tes-
tinjony, butall the explanation given was that
he did net care to say anvthing before the

Grvod Jury more than he was asked

Mr Pauikner asked the witness whether he
protorred that the Grand Jury should not know

all bo knew, and his answer was that he did

noteare to say anything about it, He did not

wantto be mixed upin the matter,
Mr. Faulkner- Why have youchanged fn that
respect?
WitnessT
perjure myself before this body; and I alm ply
made up my mind that if J was called here

 

did not propose to come here and

would tell the truth,

Fauikner--ls it any worse to

perjure

ing myself,

Mr Faukner—You thought you were merely
evading (he qtestion

Witness=1 did net conalter that I was per-
uring mnyselfinuviy way whatever,
: At fie ‘sions of Mr. Hewitt's testimony, the
committes took a recess till 21’ M.

senater Clark and his sou Charleg were in |
earnest Consultation with ex-Senator Faulkner
when the session of the committee was re-
sumed, ‘the son appears to be about 25 yeara
old. but he was one of his father’s most active
vg nta in the Senatorial campaign. He haa
neither whiskers nor mustache and, unlike his

re ree a 3

|
father, wears eyeginases, |
He was pul on the stand by counsel for the j
contestinis and was questioned as to the let- \
tere written to bimand Mr. Biegtord and bis |
ather, by EOL. 2. Betor, who testified gester-
lay aboutthem, Mr, Clark sald be had those |
oy he eameto. Washington and that
he handed them to Mr. Faulkner, He had |
searehed torthem and had not found them, |
He said be had not destroyed them, as they
vere too Valuable to him to dose, and he had
no reason to believe that they were destroyed
{t was proposed to examine Ketor as to the |
itenrs of the letters, but the matter was
postponed till Monday, as young Mr. Clark
hought they might be in New York, and he
expected to go there to-night : :
Charles M. daekson of Salt Lake City, Utah,
weetbe next witness, He said that he wasa
sewspaper roan, and had been one for the last
Afteen years. He had a conversation in Sait ;
Lake City with Senator Clark, in whieh Clark
sked him to vote fog Mr. MeCune as Senator
! for contestants outlined whar was
It was to
referred to

etters 8in

  

 

 

Counse
esratto be proved by the witness
he eect that in the eonversation
Mr Clark said tha: it Was eus omary to use
money on tions and instanced Senator
Hanon of Ohio and himself as persons who
their election. Witness
the conversation and

  

had used money in
wos allowed to relate
si

“Senator Clark asked me ff I could con-
acientiousiy su; port Mr. MeCune forthe Sen-
ate, and sald thar Meo MeCune wae aman very
iteralin his habits: that be was & man who
ever forgot Lis friends who did hima favor
He said that ld wiasa poor man ‘as [ already ,

new, ani thatif fcould see my war clear to
vote for MeCune, te MeCune) would un-
doubtedly do something handsome by me, or |

'
words to thateffect. He said that these mat. |
tors alwaya came out riaht, that it waa cus. |
tomary to use money in eleetions, and he ctted |
Senator Hanna of Onio and hs own case, and
said that he had used money in his. elec.
tion. ainding toone parson named. Parker, I
think, who bad received money and had. been
very indisoreet in showing it around, and said
that it would soon blow over,”

The
tioned?

Witness--No, airs no amount mentioned |

The croas-eximinition devoloped nothing
andasthere were noother witn ssea present
the committee adjourned till Wednesday next

ehairman-Was any amount men-

AUDITOR FOR THE PHILIPPINES,

The Secretary of War Appoints Walter G.
Coleman of the Miorida Central Ratlronad,

WaskInoton, dan, 14
to-day appointed Walter G.C
agent of the Florida (
“Auditor for the Phi! Lrob pelago and
Taian’ of Guam.” The President severa!
ithe ago authorized the appointment of an
auditor ind =otwo) assiatant
he PhiLppines. The two assistant auill-
tora pave already gone to Manila, hut the:
ants .ctmentofan auditor was deferred an fl |
to-day. Mr. Coleman's duties will be to ex.
amine and settia all accounts pertaining to the
revenues and receipts derived from the taland
en lexpenditures paidtherefrom, Allaccounts
pertaining to the Department of Custome will
te nasigned to one of the assistant auditors,

end all post office accounts to the other aasist-
Che Auditor ia directed to isaue and per-

nally sign all Warrante for the payments of
moneys by the Treasurer, which Warrants are

The Secretary of War |
yeman, general
nital Hailroad, to be

epine
Pi

mo
auditors for

 

wnt

 

tute countersigned by the Governor General, |
Tho regulations governing the collection and |
evponditure of moneys for the is ands provide

tnatthe Auditorshall preserve the forme for
keeping and rendering all accounts, The
Auditor ia required to transmit to the Seere-
tary of War, not later than ten days after the

! expiration of exch month, a foll and completo

Juring the pre-
all advances
tan itemized statement

lL reportofallbmoneys received
cating month, a atatement of
made on warrants ar
offal distursementsand expenditures audited
doring the preeeding month, The asaistant
auditors now serving Were alread

\
{
employees
iowhen assigned to duty in
and Mr, Coleman's appoint-
|
'

ofthe Grovernmes:
Philippines,
ment is the only one ao for made directly from

vivil Ife for work of this kind,

FARW TABOR IN THE SOUTH,

An Abundance of It nt Wages Averaging
Sixty Cents a Day,

Testimony on South-

ern Agricultural topica was heard br the In-

dustrial Commisston this: morning from J. H.
vf Sout

‘ury, Conn, The wit-
ruit growing Interests in
His observations concerned chiefly
of frudt garherina.

South,

Glaste
¢

finale,

| peas

 

elves

) (ran,
the lal

| In the sali Mr. Hale, there is an

| abundanes of transient labor on “short cal',”
|

!

|

'

|

'

'

 

willing to work eleven hours a day at fair
wags The laborer on cotton plantations
worked about one hundred and fifty days in

| the year. Frutt farms kept the hande em-

ployed all the year around. oon'rary to the
| geceral impression, The witness bad found
wood white labor essay toobtain. tor weekeat
atine they had the services of young white
j peopoe ofa hich class of intelligence who eame
to the fruit farms and camped out. Wages
| averaged ahout minty canta per day: for women
ebildren
Jlne  deaeribed = in
“hotata” in
bonrded at
Sul per week
J locen made advantage
the untiring eft
rates wer

women and twenty-five and forty
\ detail
which tha
A Coal ench of

Transportation had
18, Sait the with. ss, by
‘heraiiroads, Souwloern
rthanratea inthe North

ite Mr

system of
PMP overs were
abou

 

arta

much low

owers pay $205 per car to

 
 
    

\ Yo reent, of _the varrving ia

| done ty ern Railway, Too much labor |
abou uth tor careful agriculture |
Thea and cheap laborin the |
Routh nw ‘a of economy diffientt, |
ienern the mf peop e ara very Cone j
tented, andare wiing to retain their present

| positions until they d |

Naval Orders,

 

  

Warhtrarox, dan. 1. Theae naval orders |
were issued to-day |
Medical Director +. 8, Beardsley, from the Nawal
1 R thing Boara, Wasnt nSovy Yard to home and
asaiteortecs
| Medheal onapect ! . % + from the Naval
'M haomnonyg Bo Washington Navy Yard,
to duty aso mbherer Rete Hoard. sate day
| M Al Director DD eins uty ae Member
' earn fedioal Paamonigse 1, Washington Nay
Li utenant Commander *. Pielps, from the In
dependence to duty @ the Na yard. Mare lelind
fiewe ant Cominan 1B. Coblina,to duty en
the Indenendence as F t OMery
First Lievtemant A. L. Me Marine Corps, from
Leacie Isicnd Now York Nas ard? tamand
dea hmen of re rustle ¢ san duan, Puerto etic
anton arrivalatSan duane tvat thetatation

  

 

rims Overs
' . .
Wastirveros, Jan. 15> -Theae orders
have been issue
A Bowrd Survey, to constate’ Lieut.-col, Charles
A HH. M.cant Quarternaster Departin nt
Mijor avid & Craigte, tweniyeurth Ontant
Vart, S las A, Wolf, rourth fufan ry. to wasen hi
Piiladeipoia to pass on Quartermaster’® prope
Ab ari of efi ers io conser of OL Wallace F
Randoiph ort  rtitiers. liew oa tt nN Siuupaen,
Deprty Quartermaster Geueral, and Capt, Charlee Ht) |
Me Kinetr , ck Re Enviueers, to meet at Key Weer, |
aa) ri tpon he questou of erecting qnarters at |
Port Tavloe and Fort M iiae *
seooud) Lau’ Robert «. Poy, Eighth Infantry,
iy tferret to Pirst Cavalry, froop F, and ordered
co }

rey
Viret Loeut Joho BH. Stone, Aastatant Sargeon, fr
i Fort Leavenworth, to Chickamauga Park, Veen i

| origin and cireuintion

CUBANS STAND BY WOOD.

HIS REMOVAL QF FISCAL MORA I8
GENERALLY AVPLOVED,

Attempts to Create Sympathy for the De-
posed Official Fall-"'Kl Cubano” Ad-
vises Gen. Wood to Continue His Polley,

Spetal (able Deepatch to Tar Sow

Havana, Jan, 13,—The dismissal of Federteo
Mora, Fiseal of the Supreme Court aud chief of
all the fiscals in the island, meets with the ap»
proval of the public in a surprising manner, It
was oxpected that the customary protests
would be made against Governor General
Wood's summary action, but only the personal
friends of Sefior Mora appear to Le aggrieved,

The Heat reporta of Mora'’a downtall attrib.
uted his trouble entirely to the writing ofa
letter to the Supreme Court urging the mem-
bera of that body to protest against the action
of Collector of Customs Blisa in jusisting on an
Investigation of the cases of customs crooked-
ness, Investigation shows that Mora, realiz-
ing ais past Inefficiency, and knowing that he
would be removed, made an effort to seek an
official death and pose asa martyr in behalf of
the law,

Men of influence visited Governor General
Wood to-day and asked him for evidence of
Mora's laxity. The Governor General merely
pointed to the constantly accruing evidence in
regard to the conduet of the prisons and courts
and sald that a perusal of this testimony, with-
out comment, was sufficient to warrant Mora's
diamiasa!.

The Governor General's stand on this matter
appears to have turned the tide of pro-
test to one of approval. Every afternoon
paper, except La Jscusion, editorially ap-
proves the removal of Mora and congratulates
Gen. Wood, telling him to keep up the good
work. ‘This comparatively trivial affair ia
really a great victory tor Gen. Wood, because
it shows how implicitly the people believe in
him, At first they were somewhat ata:tied

 

| that he should hit so high and ao hard, butas

soon as they realized his purpose they were
with him,

La Lucha says tha? the downfall of Morn Is of
no political significance. He was limited In hia
activity, says this paper, to merely trivial
affairs and showed Indifference to the larger
policies to be determined by the intervening
government. /a Lucha adda that {tis vain to
attempt to create an atmosphere In favor of
the dismissed official and against the Ameri-
can Government,

El Cudane urges Gen, Wood to keep up this
policy, which, {ft says, although apparently
harsh, fo necessary inorder to accomplish re-
forms, El Cubano goes on to say that Mora
tried to pose asthe champion of the Inviolne
bility of the law when he saw his downfall
coming

La Disension thinks that Gen, Wood has
made a mistake in the methods he has used,
This journal makes no attempt to defend Mora,

' but says that Gen. Wood should have consulted

Secretary of Justice Estevez before he took
this decisive step, This is exactly what the
Governor-General did, but La Jiscusion appar
ently had not heard of it

Regarding the handling of the eustome cases,
Governor General Wood sent for the presiding
Judge andtold him distinctly that he should
have every opportunity to give justice to both
sides. He refused, however, to allow the
Judge to have the records, which belong to the
Treasury Department, as he was afraid they
might &be tumyjered with. The Governor
Genera! said in effect:

“You can see the records dally and have
attested copies and photographs, but you can-
not have the originals, because on them de-

; penda the whole case for the prosecution.”

Thisis the basis of the whole howl about
the retention of evidence and the rottenness
of the courts,

BROOKLYN RAPID TRANSIT INQUIRY

TotBe the Sole Business of the Extra Veb-
ruary Grand Jury.

Aasistant District Attorney McIntyre refter-

ated yeaterday the statement that District Ate

torney (inrdiner had made previously that the

 

| Bpectal Grand Jury aunmoned for the Febru-

ary term would devote tteelf oxelusively to the
conalderation of the clreulation of rumora de-
signed to depress Brookiyn Rapid Traneit
stock.
evidences had been accumulated which, in his
opinion, would warrant the indictment of the
persons aceused,

There {a evidence, he sald, that the Brooklyn
Rapid Transit Company ta not the only eor-

poration whose etock values have heen at-
tacked. Other corporations have suifered as

| severely, and while the taking-upand prosecn.-

tion of such an investigation will bean exren-

Se

|
'
|
|

JANUARY

BILL.

 

IND SHI SUNSIDY

 

Thomas Clyde, F, B. Thurber and Thomas |

A. Seurcis Advocate Ita Passage.

Wasutnoroy, Jan. 14,—The argument on tho
Hanna-Payne Ship Subsidy bill before the
Sub-Committee on Shipping of the Senate
Commerce Comm ttee was resumed at 12
o'clock tosday, Mr. Thomas Clyde of the

, Clyde Steamship Line resumed hia remarks,

| duced by Senator Sp
| titled:

Mr. Melatyre further intimated that |

which were interrupted by yesterday's ad-
jourment, Referring to the comparative cost
ofoperating and maintaining Amerteun and fors
eign vossela, Mr, Clyde quoted atatisties from the
report of the Commissioner of Navigation,
showing that the axpense of the American ves-
sels ts considerably the greater, He sald that
the cost of manning the vesael ts 75 per cent.
of the total expense, and referred to the larger
wages that must be puld to American seamen.
Mr. Clyde spoke of tho allegations that have
been made that the subsidy bill was drafted in
the Interests of vessels of 21 knots or more, and
offered comparisons in expenses and subsidies
to prove that vessels of from 11 to 14 knots
would really be the greater beneficiaries.

In reply toa question from Senator Elkins,
Mr. Clyde sald that he thought. the immediate
resultof the bill will be a gradual increase of
1,000,000 tons in American shipping, and
that eventually our tonnave will be as great as
thatof England, He explained in addition that
the reason Fngland cannot retaliate by subsl-
dizng her shipping is that her tonnage is so
much greater than ours that it would be im-
possible for her to pay an equal subsidy per

ship,

Mtr. F. B. Thurber of New York, who repre-

sents the Union States Export Anaoelation,
said that he isin favorof the subsidy bill, not
as a shipbuilderora shipowner, but because
of its effect on trade interest
Thomas A. Search, Preatdent of the National
Manufacturers’ Association, favored the pas-
sage ottihe billon the ground, among others,
that trade would follow the flag, That, he
said, had heen the expertence of other nationg
in commercial @\'onsion, and the establish-
ment of new lines of steamships, which was
encouraged by the bill, would tend to augment
the steadily focreasing exports of manufac-
tured articles, But JO percent, of the toreign
cominerce ofthe United States was now carried
in American vessels, while, ifa proper share of
the shipping trade were secured, many col-
lateral industries would be benefited by the
increased shipbutiding.
Mr. Reareh mentioned the great development
of German commerce ali overthe g obe through
the subsidy systein of that country, and urged
the adoption of asimilur aystem by Congress.
The whole nation was concerned as to certain
great facts in regard tothe bill undereonsider-
ation and the policy itsfrassiee would inaugu.
rate There were just three ideasunterly ng it:
Firat, that tt would strengthen the nation's
naval and military power by prov ding trans.
porta and auxiliary eruisers to the Governe
mentand by training young Amerieana in Bea-
manship, sothat they cou d ve transterred on
short notice to men of war: second, that the
Government would by those payments free
itself of further cost tn the discharge of
ite great business of carrying the mails;
and, third, that it would be an important. na-
tive industry, thatof building shins, and ex.
tend the forelen trade of the United Sta es,
Any one ofthese considerations, he asserte |,
waeauMecient to justify the adoption of this
poliey by the Government, and all three taken
together furnished what he thonght ought to
bean unanswerable ar@uinent in favor of the
enactment ot the measure,

The committees then adjourned unt!) Tuea-
day, when J. C. Hanley of St. Paul, the ex-
ecutive agent of agricultural socteties, will be
heard.

SPOONEN’S PHILIPPINES BILL,

Louisiana Purchase.

Wasntrotoy, Jan. 13.—There is very gen-
eral interest at the capttal fn the bill intro-
oner of Wiseonain, en-
“A billin relation to the suppression
of ineurreetion !n, and to the Government of
the Philippine Islands, ceded br Spain to the
United States by the treaty concluded {n Paris
on the tenth day of December, 181%,"

Senator Spooner {sone ofthe ablest lawyers
in the Senate, and {tis not his habit to intro-
duce a billor make a apeech without firat giv.
ing thought and study tothe sutject, He was
not atthe outset in favorof armed intervention
fn Cuba, nor dit he favor the annexation of
Hawail, Moreover, he is one of those Senators
who did not originally favor the acquisition of
the Philinoine Islands,and who thinks that
but for the insurrection there the treaty of
peaca should have been defeated in the
Senate. Mr. Spooner, however, recognizes
the fact that the Insurrection does ex-
ist, and it amounts to treason to give
sid and comfort to the  insurgenta,

He recognized also the fact that the insurrece
flon must be suppressed hetore any step ts
taken inthe direction of setting up a govern.
mentin the Philinpines, either by the insur-
entaorthe United States, and he believes in
macking up the President and the War Depart-
mentto the ful est extent in tha work of put-
ting down the insurgents, Senator Spooner
has given very close atudyto the Philippines

 

} Question, and will shortiv make a <peech in
support of the bill which he has introduced, |

sive undertoking forth community, that cone |

sideration will ungnestional'y be offset by the
valuable knowledge obtained of #& specles of

Crime that tends to unsettie values and destroy ,

oon tilenee

The Special Grand Jury is not expected to
conflne itself toun investigation regarding the
of the bear rumors that
kept Brooklyn Rapid Transit steadily on the
downward seale until the depreeation eculmi-
nated in the ante-Christmas panic, The inves.
tigation will go much further baek than that
and will attempt to bring to light the real ine
stigators of the atrike of the conductors and
mMotormen of /ast aumroer \ea everybody
knows, the number of the Brooklyn Rapid
Transit employees belonging to the atrikers’
union Waa relatively suin!!, vet the strike lead.
era didnot hesitate to order our the members
oftheir union and to talk and act as ifthey
hadthe power co “tio up” the whole system,
The Diatret Attorney's office has been looking
{nto thy origin of the strike trouble with such
aid as the law firm of Sheehan & Collin, repre-
senting the railroad company, has heen abie to
lend, andthe evidence of whatever nature ace
cumulated will form apart of the material of-
fered the Special Grand Jury for consideration,

   

 

The Texas Ordered to Join the Flagship
New York.

Wasninoron, Jan, 14.- Ordera were fsaued
to-day hy the Navy Department for the battle-
ship Texas to proceed to San Juan, Puerto
Kico, to join the flagship New York. The two
Vessels wiilcruise in West [ndian waters to-
yether ‘The ‘lexas ia at the Brooklyn Navy

ard nudergoing repairs, and these wil] be
expedited to enable her to get away thie
month, Ithas not been decided whether Capt,
Charles D. Sigabee will remain {a commaada
of the Tex.is on her erulse.

Customs Receipts at Havana.

Wasnrvoron, Jan. 13.~The receipts from
cuatoms at the port of Havana for the month of
December were $1,108,130, as follows: Im-
port duties, $i#4),174; export duties, $37,375;
loraigo tonnage dues, £14,009: comatwise ton-
nage dues, $1257; fines, de, S22; harbor im-
Provements tax, $1U.4P25 cattie Inspection
feos, $3524; Ktorage nud cartage charges,
$2.27; capitation tax, $2,008; overtime work,
$1.8; consular feea, S101; other sources,
e876. Though there were only twenty-four
working davsin the month of December, the

 

 

} total collections exceeded those in any other

mnonth of the past year,

| Thirty New Locomotives for the Reading.

Purraprepatia, Jan. 13.~The Philadelphia

an! Rending Ratlroad Company has ordered
from ‘ce Ballwin Locomotive Worke thirty
loeom es of the bear type, to be completed as
soon as bosseble. The company has aso or-

ae@red 2.00 coal and gondoa cars trom vari-
ous jmakers and thirty standard passenger
coaches,

“‘Deride Not Any |
Man’s Infirmities.””

Tell him, rather, how to get rid of them.
Most infirrniies come from bad blood and
are cured by Hood’s Sarsaparilia. Every
person who has scrofula, salt rheum,
iumors, catarth, dyspepsia or rheumatism
should at ence begin taking this medicine
bat the infirmity may be promptly removed.

impure Biood— 7 eas troubled
with pimples, resulting from: impure blood.
Since taking four bottles of Hood's Sar-
saparilla, my blood is thoroughly purifiec
and the pimples hane disappeared. I arr
W. H. Mallins, Steubeneilfe, O

odd Sarsaparill

iNeveF Disappoints

 

wee
me.

It

    

The bill fa drawn somewhat on the lines of the
legisiation @naeted atthe time of the Louist-
ana purehaae antl Mr, Spooner's explanation
of its termaand thelr adaptability to the prea.
ent altuation is eagerly pwaited by the Senate
The texto! Mr. Spooner’s bill follows:

“Beit enacted. do, That when all insurrection
Against the sovereignty and authority of the
United States in the Philippine Islanda ac.
quired from Spain by the treaty eoneln ted at

aris on the tenth dav of Desember, 1808,
shall have heen eampletely aunpresand hy tha
military and the naval forees of the United
States, all inilitary, ciwl and judietal powers
necessary to govern the said islands, ahall,
until otherwise provided by Congress, be
veated tn anch parson or persona, and shall be
exercised in auch manner, aathe President of
the Unite? States eha'l direct, for maintatnin
and protecting the inhabitanta of the anid
istands in the free enjoyment of thetr I!borty,
property and religion.”

MICHIGAN LUMBEKRMEN COMPLAIN,

Urge Retaltation Against Ontario for Pro-
hibiting the Exportation of Logs.

Wasntnoroy, Jan. 14.—An effort ts about to
be begun by representatives of the Michigan
lumber {nteresta to break the embargo placed
by the Ontario Government on the exportation
of loga to the United States. Col. A. P. Bilas

and Walter § Eddy of Saginaw and
Felwyn Eddy of Bay City, who are among
the largest lumber mill owners in) Mich
‘gan, arrived fn Washington to-day for

this purpose They will viait) Saerratarr
Tay, sceompanied by Benator Me Millan, on
Monday, and will ask him If there is acy diplo-
matic reason why thie Government should
hesitate to bring retaliatory measures against
the Ontario Government under the Dingley

SS

First Edition Exhausted.
Second Edition on the Press,

The Abbey Salt
1900

Calendar.

There has been such a demand for this Calendar, which

the week.

ruption in future.

 

GUAM PLEASED CAPT, M'CALLA,

 

Ne Says the Isinnd Is Very Beautiful and
Fertile--Praise for the Governor,

Wasainaton, Jan, 13.—Capt, MeCalla, com-

manding the crulser Newark, now in the Phil-

| ippines, has written aletter tothe Chiet of the

———- | Naval bureau of Navigation, in which he saya:
Similar to Legisintion at the Time of the |

“On our way across the Pacifle I found ft
necessary to ston at Guam for the purpose of
ecoaling. The island is a very beautiful and
fertile one and in the Governor and his assist-
ant, Safford, you seem to have selected the
right men forthe places. All thecficers at the
station are doing their utmost to ‘nprove the
condition of the people and in obtaining Infor-
mation which will make it better known, I feel
aurethat the Governor is exceptionally well
fitted for the position and toat his administras
tion will bring great credit tothe Navy Depart-
ment and will be satialactory to the country,

“As @ aanitury measure, the necessity of
piping warer fromthe mountaina to Agana and
the adjoiniow vi ageais pressing. Ky such an
improvement the shallow wells,all of them
contaminated, conid be filled in and the health
ofthe natives would be improved, Could yon
have seer four natives aplitting two sticks of
timber with two-handed sawa as I did, Tam
convinced you would have bought a steam saw
with money ont of vourown pocket and des-
patched them by the tirst conveyance,

“Looking atthe question at a purely com-
mercial point of view, T feel satiafled that every
collar spent by the Government on the [slaud
of Guam will be returned to our country a
hundred foid, [fsmil ng faces on the part of
all whom we saw, as the Governor drove from
the landing ach ti tothe capital and return,
were an indication of contentment and satis-
faction with the methods recently adopted on
tne island. then lam certain thatthe new ad-

| ministration is already most successful,”

2O8SED UP MIS CRUTCH AND RAN,

 

A Begging Iinposter Who Outfooted Police-
man Maxwell,

A middle-aged man who walked with a
erutch sat down iast nighton the sidewalk {n
front of Alderman Peter Holler's jewa'ry store
at 08 Broadway, Williamsburg, and held out
his hat foralms, On his coest was a tin sign
on which was printel @ statement that the

wearer hid been orippled by an explosion a
few weeks ago, Policeman Maxwell watched
the man froma distance until he became con-
vinved he waa an imposter, and then he ar-
reatod bin. Theman seemed to be suffering

yreat torture. while he was being ledalon® | bain many cases more than doubled and the

Sron. iway to Berry atrect,

In Berry street, near South Flebth, he sud-
dently toxsed hoa crutch high above his head
and ran ike a deer along berry etreet to South
Highth street an | down toward Wythe avenue,
Maxwell followed. The fugitive gained on
him at firat, but flnally_atumbled and was
enaugh'. Heasid he was Thomas Rosa of lot
Tilary etreet, brook!yn, He was locked up.

INDIANA'S LAWTON MONUMENT,

' Subscriptions Coming in Promptly—Com-

' sent out to citizens by the commi'tee

Tariff law. The plan to retaliate is based on |
the assumption that the Anglo-American Jotnt |

High Commission le practically dead, aud that

the State Department doen not expect that the
negotiations of the commission wil! be re- |

sumed
eblearawer they will have a conference with
Reoretary Gage,

Some months ago Mr, Gage waeasisad {f the
Treasary Department did not posseasanthorty
un‘erthe Tart law to mpose higher duttes on
Canation lumber for the reneon that Ontarto
had probibtred the exportation of lows to this
country. The Secretary waa reluctant to give
ft anawer, forthe reason that the Jownt High
Commieston was conducting dejieate nerotia-
tions which it woa deemed unwise to prejudice
by pree pirate vetion, He nevertheless r
ferred the legal question involved
the Attorney-General No deeiston
been announe Tit is dees
Aguinst

 

to
has ever
. ed to retaliate
Canada it will be necessary to proceed
ona broad eonstruetion of the efausa inthe |

 

In case Secretary Hay givea a favor. |

AU AAA ALAA

miitee Wants to Raise $100,000,

Ixpranapours, Jaa. 13.—-The work of the
local committee on the Lawton Monument
Fund began to bear fruit to-day and the fund

was increased by the addition of nearly two | Firat Kentucky Volunteers in April, 1881, be-

thousund dol'ara {pn answer to written requeate
One of
the subscriptions amount to $1,000) and was
mace bythe Columbia Club) directors An-
othereubeeription waa made by former Presi-
dent Harriaon, who sent thecommitree a check
for ®5u, The committee is sending requasta
to persone in all parte of the state aud itis
hoped to make the monument fnod reach
$1/1).000 and to have plans for a monument
submitted by March 1,

     

 

LTNte PNT ePneTerenNernerDS
= Sensible Hint

on Food

from a

California. Woman,
SUUNAMAN AUN UAN AAG dbN MAb da aab dA dL

“Hf yon could hear all the exporiences I

baadiesee abbade deb dibadd

dbeas

 

 

' distinction

| Major-General of the reguiar eorsice.

is one of the handsomest issued this year, that the first
edition has been entirely exhausted, and the American
Lithographic Co., of New York, is now working
night and day to get out the second edition early in
We have been unable to send Calendars
promptly to all who had sent for them for the above
reason, but the demand will be filled without inter-
If you have not seen this beautiful
Calendar send us four cents in stamps and you will
receive one by return mail.

THE ABBEY EFFERVESCENT SALT CO.,
Dept. G13 Murray St.. New York City.

 

TRIED FOR MAN: LIUGH1ER, |

 

Rochester Park Po'iceman Shoots a Young |
Man Outside His Jurisdiction,

|

'

Rocnrrster, Jan. 1'3,—William H. Davenport,
one of the park policemen of Rochester, has
been on trial for more than a week on a charge
of manslaughter. On June 3 he shot and |
fatnily wounded Frederick B. Prince, near ,
Genesee Valley Park. He was indicted for |
manslaughter in the second degree. The
Distriet Attorney contended that Davenport
wae outside his jurisdiction when he
fired the shot, and that he had no justi- |
fivation for firing, as assault in the second de- |
gree had not been committed. It was shown |
that Prince had only pulled a young man by |
the name of (ioldstein from his wheel The
court charged that Davenport was outside hia |

jurisdiction, that asaau|t in the third degree
was the only crime committed by Prince, and
that consequently the shooting was not justi-
fable. The question as to whether or not it |

|

wus excusable was left to the jury to decide.

At noon to-day, after having been out
twenty-four houra the jury reported that they
could not agree and was discharged, The case
will probably result in giving the park police |
the same jurisdiction as the regular city poltee
instead of having their jurisdiction reatricted
to the parks and the approaches hereto.

CHICAGO'S TAX

Effort to Secure a Repeal of the New Rev-
enue Law-—Property Owners Alarmed.

Cuicaco, Jan. 13.-A committees appointed at |
a meeting of the I!linois Manufacturers’ Asno-
cia ion to-day left to-mi,ht for Sprirgfleld to
petiifon the (iovernor to ca'l an extra session
ofthe Legislature to repeal the new Revenue
law. When the law was enacted it was under-
stood that assessments made under its pro-
visions were to be of full eash value and that
the tax levy wou!d be limited to 5 per cent. of
one-tenth of the assessed valuation. The &u-
preme Court yesterday decided the 6 per cent.
limitation feature of the law to be unconstitu-

tional. With that clause of the law inopera-
tive the taxing power of the oltv may make the
lovy underthe old law, which permits the col-
lection of 10 per cent. of one-fifth of the as-
sessed valuation.

Every public fund {a exhausted and it fs be-
Heved, and in fact admitted at the City Rall,
thatadvantage will te taken of the Supreme
Court's decision to Increase taxes, Taxes wil!

MUDDLE. |

Legislature is to be appealed to for hein to
Prevent what will amount to practical eonfla-
eation of property. Meantime a bil! of error
will be filed and steps takea to obtainare- |
versal of the Supreme Court's ruling.

 

ORITUARY,

ete enee '

Major John B. Guthrie of the Fifteenth In-
fantry, died In Buffalo, N. Y.,on Friday night.
Major Guthrie was one of the voungest men of
hisgradein thea Army and would soon have
become a Lieutenant-Colonel. It was pract!
eally certain that he would have beeome a
He en-
tered the service as an e@uifsiet mop fn the

ing at the time less than 17 years of age, A
vear Jater he was commissioned Second Lieu-
tenant in the same regiment, serving with
untt! the of the war
when he was appointed a Second Lieu-

tenant in the regular Army H+ was,
badly wounded in the Cedar Woods at
Stone River. From the close of the Civil War
uotil the Spanish-American War he 6 ryed al-
mosteonstanty onthe Western frouuer He
commanied a battalion of the Thirreenth In-
fautry in its aasanit on San.Juan Hill, and hie
conduct called forth the highest praise of his
euperiors, Onthaafternoonof July] he was
severely wounded, He had not fully recovere |
and the wound hastened his death, By reas o
of his high character and fine a'ta'nments the
War Department desicnared him a member

ose

of the Government Exhitit Committee at ine

| Pan-Ameriean Exhibition at Buta)

| bave been at some pains toinvestig ite, you |

tan! jaw, which authorizes the Treasure
Department to impose the additional import |
duties on goode which are the subject
of an export tax in any country or
dependency senting them to the United
States, The iMientty fe that Ontario did not

placa an export dutvon logs, but simply for-
tate eyporting them, Some persons helleva
thatthe Treasury Departmen st = warranted in
placing 4 prohib.tive duty on all Canadian lum-
ber.

The Michigan men whoanre here represent
that there ure large towns In enatern Michtaan
which are practically destroyed by the shutting
Gown of the umber milla, no logs fr Ontario
being avatlob's for sawing into lumber,

 

 

Capt. Craie Assigned 'o Command the New
Cru‘ser Aibuny,

Wasniscros, Jon, 13.-Capr. Joseph F

Craia, U.S.N,, Chief of the Naval Mydrogra-

phic OMce in Washington, waa to-day assigned

to command the ru'ser Alhaoy, just

com.
meted atthe Armstrong Works, Biawick

Tug

 

 

 
   

  

aod, Capt. Crag will go te England hout

iy The Aibauv w ve biswiek some
time nvextimonth for the Tnited ptates, She
Wilihavean Amevicaneraw. Tt wasintended to
assign Lientenant-Cr raneler FO. Colwell te
surya@ her executive officer, bur this has Lean
changed, and he will remain in London ag
naval attache of the United States Emonasay

there untl) Apel

NOTICE OF REAL SPATE AUCTION
SALES

to ocour each day are printe! in Ine Mornino

eUuN. This will meet one of your requiremonts

if you are Interested in Real Estate,— Ado,

UN emanens

+ food

enaeteetinieabeaiine~wecrernimunaenarnnnaiiennanas

would puta waruins in the largest type on
the boxes of Grapeo-Nuts and heg (7) con-
6umers to Hinit themselves tothe amount
mentioned tu the directions,

True you do say “Grape-Nuts food 1s eon-
denged, eat but three or four heaping tea-
spoons at amealy’ but the food seemed to
fill auch a long-felt want, and every one
found it so delicious, either alone or in eom-

bination with some other mater.al, that,

, sembly

overlooking the emall type announcement |

of its beings condensed, they have eaten too
muuch, an! when
given more food than it

the hody is repeatedly
can use, evea if that
he roost deliefous,
revulsion, and the long
vaiualle food is laid aside
Tadvise persons who have had this ex-
perlence to pul Grape-Nuts on their menu
again aud eat never more than four ten-
spoonsful at a time. Then
powerful rebuilding strenyt

there is a natural
ooked-for and

of the

food

! ahvar

one gets the ,

and looks forward with zest to each coming |

meal,
familly.”
California

It has been a grout blessing to our
Mrs, W. PB. Baker, Los Angeles,

He was
enyavedou this work at the tmeot his death,
Robert L. Cumming, formerly a dry goods
merchant in this eity, died yesterday at
tenbom, kojsand, where he had been re fine ,
for the past four years, Mr, Cumming wre
born in Seotiand over seventy years ago, but |
cate with other members of the family to this
country when 10 years old, the family setting |
in Chautauqua county, inthis State, He began
his business career in Buffalo, subsequently
moving tothiscity, where he was established
in business forover forty years, He retired in |
Iasto having uptothat time been associated |
for many vearsanlup tothe time of his retir-
ing trom business with IB. Claflin & Co. He

hel.

is survived by his witow and bis only son, A.
P. Cumming, lawyer of this city
The Hon John. Adams of Newburgh died

 

suddenivof hevt disease on Priday night, He
was President ofthe Consumers’ Gas Compar y.
Was Super many years, Harbor Master {n
New York from 1887 to TS70, Postma es eight
years, Alderman several yoare, Meniuer of As-
three terias, teu of Washington's
headquarters, director of the New York and
New Jersey Bridge Company, and eonn ctad
with otherentorprises, ite was born in Tivoli,
Doehess county, May 1, Isa He leaves a
widow and one married dvughtar

ules Vienne diadin New Orleans yesterday,

 

  

    
 

 

aged ad ewasof anolt ereole family and
held the oMiee of clerk of cone? for nearly sixty
Years frote TRA to Des, when deblityv eom-

reled bim te resign This long service was
twiee interrupted by war; in Is47, when he
volun eered for the Mextean War, serving as
Alle-de-canjpon the staffofoneof the Amert- }
ean genere's, and in DM), wi hevomman dled |
acotupany in_the Crescent Regiment of the |
Confederate Army }
Joho bo Pruning, one of the pioneer mer-
6 Mount Vernon. NV. died yesterday,
Th years Pormore than fifty years he kept
waeneral store on the Ninwsbridge road. He |
amassed a fortune esting at ar S$150,000 He
Wits one of the original stoekholders of the

  
 

 

   

   
   

Adams Express Company andat) held bie si.
terestacthe time of his death, having reinsed
many oiferstosell, A widew, a danghter and |
aon,ex-Aidermin Charnes TH. Urantug aurvive

hina

De,J. Eruest Schroeter ied at his home,
203 Ninth street, Brooklyn, on Friday from |
apoplexy. He waa born in this elty in IMS)
and was graduated from Long Island College
da 1885. A widow and two eons survive him,

E USED DAILY, GIVES HEALTH.

     

Abbey’s
Effervescent
Salt.

“THE ‘SALT’ OF SALTS.”

If your head aches, if
your tongue is coated,
if you have a bad taste
in your mouth, if you
are frequently dizzy, if
you feel nausez.ed in
the morning on rising,
if your appetite is poor,
if you are troubled with
cold hands and feet, if
your bowels are consti-
pated, you need Abbey's
and you need it badly,

A teaspoonful in a
glass of water night
and morning works
wonders, The daily use
of Abbey's Effervescent
Salt will keep you in
good health,
anything unt tney Dave ta. Don't te
one of them. Take care of your health

while you have it Ketain it by the
dally use of Abbey's Effervescent Salt.

At druggists’. 25¢,
soc, and $1 per bottle.

Send two e-ct. stamps, to pay
postage and packing. and we
will mail you one of the most
dainty and beautiful colored

calendar creaticas of the mag,

The Abbey Fffervescent Salt Co.,
Dept. G, 13 Murray St., New York.

BESTs¢

Sale of
Babies’ Dresses.

Not a lot of goods made fora
“bargain sale” —but selections from
our regular stock, of styles we have
decided to discontinue—all good
materials, neatly made and daintily
trimmed.

 

Long Slips.
Former Prices.
75¢.
80c.
85c.
$4.55
1.35
1.45

Short Dresses.
Former Prices.
85c.
90¢.
$1.10
1.68 $1.25.
1.85 1.45.

GO-62 West 23d St.

Now,
48c,
59,
65¢,
80c,
8c,
$1.15,

Now.
59c,
65¢.
75¢.

   

1INUS HOYT 96 YHRARS OLD.

Reatdent of Norwalk, Conn., Has a Family
Reunion.

Norwa x, Conn., Jan. 13.—-Linus Hoyt, whe
reaides with his daughter. Mra. Hester A. Fan-
cher. on Westport avenue, will celebrate the
ninety-sixth anniversary of his birth to-mor-
row. Tocommemorate this erent there wase
family gathering of four generations to-day.
This reunion brough together the twenty-

, seven direst deseuniants of the aged man,

wheb ine ude six daughters, ten grandchil-
dren and eleven e@reat-grandehildren, Mr.
Hoyt waa born iu Pount Riige, N.Y. on Jan
14, 1404, and is adirect descendant of Lymaa
Hovt, who was born in England in 1585, The
latter's son Walter beeamo a resident of Nor-
wack, Where he died ts 180%, leaving @ aon,
Zerubbavel, in whose ling Gen. William Teeum-
seh Sherman was descended, Right generations
lived and died between Lyman and Linus

Mr. Hovt is rather feeble, His memory ie
fai ing, but when naroused he will relate inet-
denta that happened eighty years ago with re-
markable accuracy,

Now Paster for a Brooklyn Catholic Chareh.

The Rev. William J, Magu ro, pastor of the
charch of Kt. Banedict at Morrie Park L. I,
has, it wea reported {n Brooklyn yesterday.

been appointed by. Bishop MeDonnel) the suo-
ovesor to the late Father Kfaly as pastor of the

Chureh of the Tranufigneation at slarcy avenue
and Hooper street, Williamsburg, : {se 33
years old and was born in Brooklyn, He is @

brotbertofo mer Assistant D.strict Attorney
Jobn C. Mag re

 

Interiors to order—When’so desired, weattend
to the Decorations, the Furniture, the Uphol-
Stery-—-everything; such a plan insures hare

mony of treatment —and a single Instead of @

divided responsibility.
Dwelling Houses, Clubs,

and estimates upon request.

Schmitt Brothers,

lwo { Cor. 25th St. & 4th Ave. Two
Stores. 40 East 23d St. J Stores.

International
“WunWing

NEW CREATION ©

Hotels —designs

 

    
 
       
   

rowes.” WiNuL0”

BROADWAY, COB, 13th AND COB, 80h