a RR a ng

a EE re > tee

2 ee

eae ee ae

    
 

BOOKS.

SOME NEW

Or John Everett Millate.

We have before us In two large octavo vol-
ames, embeliiahed with more than three humired
tUustrations, The Life and Works of Sir John
Everett Millais, Sometime President of the Royal
Academy, by his son, JOHN Guinie MILLAis
(Mrederick A. Stokes Co), This book, of course,
fe not a mere biography, but a history: f the pre
Raphaelite movement in England. It is also &
eoplous contribution to the anes dothoal histery of
the Victorian Age, a chapter Deing devoted to the
euthor's relations with | aren, Thackeray, Wiikie
Collina and Anthony Trollope. We read alsoe
gtent deal about Holman Hunt, Lander, Dick
ens, Lord Lytton, John Urlght, Diora liand Glad-
etone. Those who care for Du Maurier # atories
will be glad to learn that a chapter ia Ally tted to
theirau'hor Tt might be imagined that, Inalife
of Millais written by bis son, all references to Jobn
Ruskin would be omitted, Such nevertheless,
fa not the case |= We can sear ely expect, however, |
to hear the Mographer discourse at any length |
upon bis mother 4 divorce from Mr. Ruskin Tho !
only reference to the mibject will be found
on pages 255-248 of the first volume, w here we are
told that, on July 3 1865, John Everett Millais
was married to Euphemia Chalmer Gray, eldest |

daughter of Mr George Gray of Bowerswell,
Porth Inanctewerend “Mise Gray had been
previously married ‘to John Ruskin}, but that
marriage had teen annuiled In 1854 on grounds
ganctloned equally by Church and State Both
good taste and feeling seem to require that no de
tallied references should te made to the ercum-
@tances atunding that annulment. But on be
half of those who love their mother well {t may |
gurely be sald that, during the course of the fudl-
dal proceedings inetituted by her, and through:
out the pertod of the void marnage and the whelo
of her after years, not one word could be or ever
wee uttered impugning the correctness and purity
of ber life’ Her son adda that he wonld aay at
once “how much of my father's happtuess tn after: |
years waa die to the chief eventof thisday.  lDur-
{ng the forty one years of thelr martied life my
mother took the keenest interest In his work, and
did all in her power to contribute to his miccess,
taking upon herself not only the care of the house
hold and the management of the family affairs,
Dut the great bulk of his correspondence, and |
gaving him an Infinity of trouble by personally |
ascertaining the ovjecta of his callers before ad
mitiing them into his presence A teat relief,
this, for business affairs and letter-writing were
equally hateful in his eyes, and, tn epite of him-
self, his correspondence increased day by day =
We are further informed that Lady Millats, al-
though posssssed of the artistic sense In a con
oiderale degree, “was happily free from the artistic
temporament, whilst her knowledge of history
proved a valuable acquisition, When « hie
torical picture was in contemplation, she delight-
ed to atudy anew the circumstances and the char
ecters to be depicted, and to gather for her hus
Dand's tse all particulara as to the scene and the
costumes of the period. Her musical accom
plishments (she was an exellent pianist) were
also turned to good account in hours of leisure,
end not infrequentty as a seothing antidote to |
the worries that too often beset the artist in the |
exercise of his craft,”

|

—_

I,

John Everett Millais was born at Southa mpton
on June 8, 1829; he was the youngest son of John |
William Millais, a descendant of an old Norman
family, which, according to tradition, had resided
in Jersey since the Conquest Jonn William
Millais was a man of fine presence and undeniable
talent, being not only a falr artist but an excellent
musician With all his gifta, he was a man of no
ambition, aave as his children might be concerned,
and desired nothing beyond tho life he led as a
quiet country gentleman, Somo four years after
the birth of thesubiectof this biography, his par-
ents returned to Jersey, and eettled naar St Hellers.
In 1835, the family removed to Dinan in Brittany,
where they remained two years, after which they
went back toSt Heéliers Theonly general educa-
tion which John Millais seems to have received was
derived from his mother. His instruction in art,
on the other hand, began early = In the winter of
1838-30, when he was not yet ten years old, a
vacancy was found for him in the best artacademy
of tho time, & preparatory schoo! at Bloomabury,
kept by a portrait painter of repute named Henry
Sass While still between nine and ten years of
ege, young Millals gained the silver medal offered
by the Society of Arte for a large drawing of “The
Battle of Bannockburn.” At the age of 10, MH lais
was admitted a student of the Royal Academy,
the youngest student who ever found entrance
within (ts walls, and, during the six years passed
there, hecarried off every honor the Academy had to
bestow At 13, he won a medal for 4 drawing
from the antique; at 14 he began to paint, and, at
17, after taking the gold medal for an ofl paint
ing called “Tho Benjaminites Seizing Their
Brides,” he contributed to the annual exhibition
@ canvas which was placed by a French critic
On @ level with the best hlstarical work of the year
It was the picture of “Pizarro Seizing tho Inca of
Peru.” At the icademy, where he was then well
treated, and became a general favorite, they nick-
pamed Millais “the Child,” a name that stuck to
Bim for tho rest of his life at the Garrick Club
He worked unceasingly, and was recom !oed unt-
versally as a youthful genius from whom great
things were to he expected, but as the smallest
and youngest member of the community, he had
to “fag,” and was genemally told off to feteh pies
end skulk for his fellow students while they were
ot work.

After Millais had received the gold medal of
the Royal Academy, many distinguished men
took notice of him, and, notably, Rogers, the
Danker-poet, whose breakfast parties are matters

 

 

 

of history, All the literary Uons of the
day were to be met there, but at that time
young men were expected fo listen re

Teapectfally when older and wiser men held forth.
Millaia would recall that Rogers used to apeak
learnedly on some subject for perhaps five min-
‘utes, and then, after a pause, would say: “Now
Mr. Macaulay, kindly favor us with your opin-
fon of the subject,” whereupon Macaulay would
e@quare up and orate. While Macaulay was
talking, Rogers, who was a confirmed tnvalid,
would gradually slip down into his chair, his ser-
vents having to pull him up by the collar when
he wished to spesk again He was extremely
Rind, but pompous In manner, and had little
Or no sense of humor, If 4 stranger arrived, he
would say t his servant, “Thomas, bring down
that volume of my Celebrated Poems."’ Rogers
took an almost parental interest in Millats,
though treating him occasionally with a severity
that bordered on the comic. The young artist
hated sugar in his tea, and, on more than one |
occasion, oxpressed hia dislike “Thomas,” the
poet would say, ‘put three lumps of sugar in Mr |
Millats’s tea He ought to like sugar, he is too |
thin’ Rogers had an MS. missal of great value |
of which he was vastly proud. (ne day little
Millais picked it up to show it to a young lady |
“Boy,'' roared Rorers trom the other end of the |
room, almost suffocating himself as he slipped
down into his chair, ‘can’t you speak about a
book without fingering it? How dare you touch
my missal”’ On another occasion, a poor look |
ing man. apparently acountry clereyman, dressed |
in a shebbe tail-coat, came to thank Rogers for
hospitality before leaving town As the depart
ing guest vanished through the door, alter shak-
ing hands with the little artist, the poet turned
to Millais, who was standing near, and said tn
solemn: tones, “Boy, do you know who that was?
Some day you will be proud to say that you once
met William Wordsworth.” In 1895, Mr. Glad
stone and Millais wore the only survivors of those |
famous breakfast parties
In 1845 Millais, being then 16 years of age.
happened to become acquainted with a certyin
Serjeant Thomas, a retired lawyer, given to trad
ing in works of art, Recognizing his talent, |
and knowing that young Milleis was very poor,
Thomas offered him £100 a year to come to his
jouse every Saturday and paint small pictures
or backrrounds, as might be required The terma
germed fair enough, and. in the end, a contract
was drawn up by the lawyer, and duly signed,
binding Millais to serve in this way fortwo veare

\

Littl did he guess what a galling yoke was to
be hung upon hie neck Thomas, whe, as a
Picture dealer, got about a hundred per cent

rofit outof the
measure by
etrictive rule

outh’s work, worried lim beyond |
his constant interference, his re~ |
and gen ral insolence of manner. |

———

| BAY.

 

 

 

| came to © crisis, One Saturday morning Millale ] Dduyer gave him £50 more, because he had profited

came to his work some ten minutes late, where
| upon Thomas attacked him furiously, winding
' up along harangue with a personal remark that |
The artist had just
arranged his paistte with fresh oil colors, and,

stung him to the quick.

ina moment, sentit fying at his employer's head
A violent slamming of the door announced Mil

lais'a departure, and his determination never to
The two mado it up, ,
Thomas agreed to increase
| the pay to £150 4 yoar, and, for a ahort Ume longer,

enter the house again
however, later on

Millats continned to work for him

Ho man Hunt haa recorded that it waa in the
beginning of the year 1844 that Millais and he

determined to adopt the atyle of absolute inde
pendence aa to art dogma and convention
he called) proRaphaeliteism Dante Gabriel
Roasetu waa already Hunt's pup’ and tt seemed

| certaln that he alao in time would work on the

same principle. The friendly intercourse, how
ever, between Millata and D. G
only four years, namely, from 1848 to 1852) From

the last named year to 1854 they met occaatonally,

| but, after that, came rarely into contact, and,
Millais

in 1856 even casual meetings coased
himself bas pointed out that “the only one of my

| pictures that I can think of a9 showing the In-

fluenceof Roasettl !s the Isabella, in which some
of the vestments were worked out in accordance
with the book of mediaval costumes which he
was kind enough to lend me.” Millats went on
to say that “it was liunt, not Rossetti, whom I
habitually consulted in case of daubt. Hoe was
my intimate friend and companion; we were work:
ing together then, and constantly criticised each
other's pictures.” There's no doubt that Millais
hated humbug, and, if Rossetti had been the
guidimg spirit of his work, as certain critica al-
leged, he would have been the first to say #0.

The author of this blograpby directs attention
to another mistake mado by critics, in assuming
that the pre-Raphaelite movement owed tts origin
to Ruskin. Max Nordau, for example, attri! utes
the foundation of the brotherhood to the teach-
ings of Ruskin, when, asa matter of fact, Hol-
man Hunt and Millais were pre-Raphaelites be.
fore Ikuskin ever wrote a line on the subject
At the Academy ons of Ruskin's ad
mirers lent Hunt 4 copy of “Modern Paint-
ers,’ and Hunt read !t with enthusiasm, as
partially embodying his own preconceived ideal
of art. Millais, however, when asked to read
the work, refused to do ao, saying he had his own
ideas, and convinced of their soundness, should
carry them out regardless of what any man might
We hare Holman Hunt's authority for
the statement that Millats was never for a moment
influenced by Ruskin's teachings. Ruskin, it
is true, held Millais up as the shining lightof
the pre Raphadlites, and explained his pictures
to the multitudes according to the critic's own
ideas «That, of cour, proves nothing with
regard to Millais's attitude toward Ruskin Te
ward the close of his life, when a friend brought
to Millais’s notios) Max Nordan’s assertion that
Ruskin was the moving splrit of the pre-Kaphael-
{tes in their early days, he indignantly denied
{t, and wrote a letter in which he characterized
Nordau's remarks as “twaddling rubbish on a@
subject about which he knows absolutely noth-
ing.” Here we may mentien the «rious fact
that the preRaphadlite bretheriiomt nelthet
amoked, drank or swore, and that at a period
when, according to Thackeray, all Bohemia
was saturated with tobacco, spirits and quaint
oaths. Millats, however, after attaining his artis
tio puberty,” As he called {t, came to reward the
pipe of peace as a4 friend and consoler when he
was well-nigh distraught with his work

The first big work in which Millais threw down
the gauntlet to the crities was “Lorenzo and Isa
bella,” the subject of which was taken from Keats's
paraphrase of Boceacie's story. Holman Hunt
called it the “most wonderful picture in the world
for a lad of twenty,” but many of the critics spoke
of {t in terms of qualified approval. and by the
general public it waslooked uponase joke. Only
two members of the Royal Aco tomy Council
considered his next picture, “Christ in the Carpen-
ter Shop,” entitled to a favorable consideration
Even Charles Dickens, who, afterward, became
4 firm friend of Millais, denounced this painting
as “mean, odious, revolting and repulsive.” The
picture was sold, however, £150 to a dealer
named Farrer, whosa confidence in the young
artist was displayed by placing on the back of
the canvas all the adverse criticisms that ap
peared. “Ferdinand Lured by Ariel,” painted
{n 1849, had, at first, an unlucky fate. The
dealer for whom it was made, for an agreed price
of £100, refused to take it, and when, Iater on,
it was exhibited atthe Academy, now the National
Gallery, it was tgnominously placed low down
in @ corner of one of the lang rooms. Not long
afterward, however, Richard Ellison, 4 well-known
connoisseur, was brenght to the young artist s
studio, and gave £150 for the picture. It has
been since sold for a far larger sum

It was {mn 1851 that “Mariana in the Moated
Grange” was exhibited. The canvass bore the
following quotation from Tennyson's well-known
poem:

Sbe only said ‘my life fa dreary
He cometh not,’ aha said;

Bho eal |, ‘lam aweary, aweary
I would that I were dead’

The picture represents Marianna rising to her
full hetght, and bending backward with half-
Cloged eyes. She is weary of all things, includ-
ing the embroidery frame which stands before her
Her dress of deep rich blue contrasts with the
red orange color of the seat beside which she stands.
In the front of the figure {s 4 window of stined
giaas, through which may be seen a sunlit garden
beyond; in contrast with this is seen, on the richt
of the picture, an oratory, in the dark shadow of
which 4 lamp (s burning. This picture was eld
to a dealer for £150. We are told that, during
the execution of the work, Millais came down one
day and found that things were at a standstill,
owing to the want of 4 model to paintfrom He,
naturally, disliked being stopped in his work,
but the only thing he could think of was to sketch
fn the mouse that

Behind the monldering watneoot shricked,

Or from the crevice peerad about
But where was the mouse to paintfrom? Millais’s
father, who had {nst come in, thought of scouring
the country in search of one, but, at that moment,
an obliging mouse ran across the floor and hid
behind a portfolio,
gave the portfolio a kick, and, on removing it,
the mouse was found dead, in the best posaible
position for drawing {t

It,

It aeems that more sketches werm made for MIi-
lais’a picture of the “Huguenot” than for any others
of his works. His sen has a number cf these
sketches in jils possession, They show that the ar-
tlat's trst ideawas to put other figures in the picture;
two priests holding up the crucifix to the Lluguenot,
whose sweetheart, likewise, adds her persuaaton.
Other drawings show a priest on either side of the
lover, holding up one of the great candles of the
Roman Catholle Church, which the Protestant
waves back with a gesture of disapproval These
ideas were ultimately discarded, the artist trust-
ing to the simplictty of the pathos which marks
his final choice of subject. The acene, it will
be remembered, is supposed to take place on the
eve of the massacre of St Bartholomew. “I slie!!

| have,” wrote Millais, “two lovers in the actof part

ing: the woman a Papist and the man a Protestant
The badge worn to distinguish the former from
the latter was a white scar{ontheleftarm Many
were base enough to escape murder by wearing
it The girl will be endeavoring tw tie the hand
kerchief round the man’s arm in order to save
him; but he, holding his faith above his yrentest
worldly love, will be softly preventing her. I
am in high epirita about the subject, as tt is en
tirely my oten, and, I think, contains the hirhest
moral” The mode! for “Ophelia,” also exhibited
in 1851, was a milliner's apprentice, with red
coppery hatr, afterward married to D. G. Roesetti
There is no doubt that “Ophelia {the great
triumphs of Millais’s pre-Raphaelite days. When
“A Huguenot” was exhibited at the Royal Acad
emy, crowds stood before it all day long. Men
stood befere it for hours, and went away but to
return. The painting had clothed the old feelings
of men in @ new garment, and tts pathos found
almost ungversal acceptance. This, indeed, was

is one ¢

This

Hoasetti, lasted \

| of the woman in this pleture that was painted

(of Leech’s own experience as a tyre

Quick as lightning, Millats |

| alth

| eynicism

the prrture that brought Millats to the height of |

his reputation, It is said to have been painted
under @ commission for Medina for £150, but,
as a matter of fact, Millais received &250 for it,

Adlast, long before tho two years were over, things { paid in installments, and, in course of ume, the

litem itll diana
ee ”

Eevee depicted as incidents in the life of

| Leech used to say he
| stand

| greatly by the sale of the engraving.

“Tne Huguenot” was the first of 4 series of
four paintings embracing “The Proseribed Roy-
alist,” “Tne Order of Release” and “The Black
Hrunawicker,” ¢ach of whieh representa a: more |
or eas unfinisned atory of unselfish love, in which
the aweetness of Woman shines conspicuous
The figure of “ne Huguenot’ was painted, from
the most part, from Mr Artnur, subsequently
General, Lempriero A lovely woman named
| Miss Ryan who, afterward, however, matried |
an ostier, sat for the lady in “The Huguenot” |
The figure and face of the woman in “The Pro
seribed Royalist’ were finally taken, not from
Mra Ruskin, as has been asserted, but from |
the same Miss Ryan who was the model for “The
| Huguenot" ‘The commission for “The Order |

of Release” came from a Mr Joseph Arden, |
| through ‘Thackeray. The scene takes place,

not outside of 4 prison, as haa been absurdly sup

posed, but in @& bare waiting room into which
'a young Uughland clansman has been ushered |
to hia wife, while the jalier takes the order of re. |
lease, which will have to be verifed by his 6u-
perior oflicer before it can result in final liberty
If sich on event ever happened, if ever a High-
lander's wife brougnt @ pardon for ber busband
to a reluctant turnkey, things must have occurred
thus. The work is saved by expression and color
from the realism of a photograph [tis the head

'

 

from Mra Ruskin; ner son assures us that it
was a perfect likeneas of ner in 1853, except ouly
aa to the color of her hair, which was really a
golden auburn, but which In the painting was
changed to black in order to contrast with that
of the child ‘This picture is said to have been
the first over huni on the walls of the Acad-
einy which required the services of @ policeman
fo move on the crowd It was sold by Millaia
for £400; in 1878, it wasresold for £2,853, and,
ultimately, attained the price of 6,000 guineas.
One of the keenast disappointments of Millats's
early life occurred in 1850, when, after being
elected an Associate of the Royal Acad-
emy, the appointment was quashed on the
ground of his extreme youth Since tnat time

'
his work had risen vear by year in public esteem, |

but, as yet, no ofial recognition of their merit
had come from the Academy. He was, there
fore, more than ustially interested in the election
which was to take piace in November, 1853 Sey-
eral influential \cademicians had promised to
vote for him, and, as @ matter of fact, he was
chosen an Associate at that meeting D G. Ros-
setti, when be heard the news, declared, “So now
the whole round table is dissolved,” meaning,
of course, that Millais, having been recessed
into tne fold of recognized authority, would cease
to support the heterodox principles which he had
hitherto upheld” He continued to work on the
game lines, however, until 1860, when bis painting
of minute detail became gradually merged in
greater bresdtn of treatment “Tne Rescue,”
which was exhibited in 1855, Millais, himaelf,
considered his best work, When, therefore, he
went to the Academy on Varnisning Day, and
found that the picture had been deliberately skied,
bis indignation knew no bounds. He told the
Hanging Committee to their faces what he thouplit
of the insult, and of them, as the authors of it
He threatened to take away his picture and re-
#ign from the Academy unless they rehung him,
which they did The truth is that the Hanging
Com mittee were Jealous of all rising men.

IV.

We turn to the chapter which deals with some
of MNlais's intimate friends. Of John Leech,
the famous caricaturist of Punch, it was always
more or less painful to Millais, we are told, to
speak, after the former's death, though, now
and then, when sport was uppermost in hi@ mind,
he would talk enthusiastically of the happy days
when the two ahot or rode together, or ro!
licked about town It was in 1451 that Leech
and Millais first met, and one of the first results |
of the intimacy was the latter's conversion to
the formers belief that foe hunting 1s one of
the flnest sports {n the world, both for man and
beast. The following season saw Millais at
the covet side, booted and spurred, and hent on go-
ing with the best, if only his horse would let him.
From this time till the day of his death John
Leech was one of his closest friends, ‘They hunt-
ed together in the shires, shot, fished and
stalked together, and all the amusing sketches
in Punch to which Leech owed his fame, the deer
stalking, grouse shooting and salmon fishing

SSS i ss

“Mr. Brigss,” were but burlesque representations
on his first
liv as Millais'’s guest
mild never quite undet
were, he thought, |

vith queer waya |

 

visit to Scotland prin

Seotehmen Ther
a cintous, uncong@enial peor
lexingto astranger, who in
his ignorance, mig v give offence where
he least int ed to do so \n instance o¢
currect| one day where he and Millais by chance
came across A man ina rod shirt who was ent
ting down a tree in a way that suggested at least
a& passing acquaintance with the whiskey bot
tlhe, Recognizing him as a local laird whom
they had met before. Leech shyly addressed him
as “Mr McR.” “Who the devil are you calling
Mr. MeR” Tam The McK.” roared the flery Scot
upon which Laech apologized and made off at
ones. In a letter from Leech to Millais dated
{n October, 1855, he said ‘'The Neweomes' |
is a wonderful book, particularily the latter part
of it—the old Colonel's ‘Adsum"" What genn
ine pathos! I dined with Thackeray the day
before he started for America IT don't think
he liked leaving: England. Would that he were
} back working away at another As Leech
edvanced in years, his melancholy and senat-
due in « great measure to overwork,

and customs, tery

 

  

”m0k'"

 

tiveness

 

increased. Ye became se nervous that the very |
| slightest nolee disturbed him, and living In Lon |
don as he did, he could hardiy escape from bar
rel-organs, bands, whistling boys and shriek |
ing milkmeu. Atlast that dread disease, “angina |
pectoris,” came uponhim, and, one evening, when

|
|
Millais sas painting, « terrifled domestic, whom
he at ones recognized as Leech's housematd, rushed
in, saying that her master had another bad at |
tack and was crying aloud, “Millats! Millats!” |
The next moment, Mille's waa off, and running |
through the streets of Kensington, he mounted
the stairs of his old friend’a room, and found him |
lying across the bed quite still and warm, but,
to all appearance, dead, the bellef in the house
being that he expired at the moment of his friend's |
arrival. <A few days Inter, he was laid to rest. |
Du Maurter bas told us “I wos tnvited by the |
publishers of Punch to the fun ‘ral, which took |
place at Kensal Green. It was the most touch |
ing sight Imagina>le The grave was near
Thackeray's, who had dled the year before. There
were crowds of people, Charles Dickens among !
them. Canon Hole, a great friend of Leech'a, |
led the service; and, when the coffin was lowered
inte the grave, John Millais burst Into teara and
loud sobs, setting an exawole that waa followed |
all round. We all forget our manhood and cried |
like women "

As to Thackeray, the author of this biography
gays, that his father and mother alwars rerarded
the novelist aa one of the most delightful char- |
acters they lad ever met. We are assured that,
ugh in dealing with the infirmities of human |

 

nature, his works new and then show traces of |
the man himself was no cynic; was, |
rather indeed, to those who knew him best, a most |
aympathetic friend, and te:.der-hearted almoat to |
afault For some years Thackeray entertained |
and brought up aa one of his family, the danghter |
of a deceased friend, and so grieved waa he at |
the thought of parting from her that, on her wed
ding day, he came for consolation to Millais'’s
studio, and spent most of the afternoon in tears. |
For a characteristic reminiscence of Thackeray |
we are indebted to William Millais who savs
“1 was sitting with my brother in the Cromwe!l]
place studio, when Thackeray suddenly came |
in all aglow with enthuslasin at my brother's
fame. Every window in every shop that had the
least pretension to art display, he said, was full |
of the engravings of his popular works. On his |
way he had seen innumerable ‘Orders of Release,’
‘Mack Brunawickers’ and ‘Huguenow’; in fact,
he had po hesitation in aMirming that John Millais
was the most famous man of the day. He then
alluded to bis own miserable failure at first, and
told us how he had taken some of his works, which
have since been acknowledged to be the finest
specimens of English literature, to the leading
publishers, and how they had, one and all, sneer-
ingly hinted that no one would read his works

\-

| that there are teen modea of
|
ot which ma

| of public opinion than {t has to-day

| F , an artist,

| deserts

    

| atter Dickens.” In reply, John Millais recounted

how, on the day before, an incident had occurred
that proved that his fame, even amongst his own

| profession, was not all that Thackeray had painted

it He had met an old fellow-student of the Royal
\eademy who had taken the second prize to bis
Lestat the age of 12 The man was now full
«rown, and bad strongly marked features; more

' over, he wore the samo old military cloak that he |

used to wearin the old daya So Miilaia had no
diMculty in recognizing him, and, addressing
him at once, he said
are you doing’? And how are you? Itis a long
time since we met.” P--— said he was grubling
away at teaching.
he continued, On betog told the name, he re
joined: “What! Little Johnnie Millais’
now, may I ask what you have done all this time’
Have you pursued the arta’ On the same ocea-
sion Thackeray told a story of Carlyle; how the
latier had spent a day in the reading room of the
British Museum, and had given a great deal of
trouble to one of the officials, sending him up and
down Jaddera in search of books, and how, upon

| Carlyle's leaving the room, he, Thackeray, had
| gone up to the man and told him that it might be

some satisfaction to him w know that he had

obliged Thomas Carlyle, and that the oMfclal had | defective, and altered it in the latter years of Lis

answored him, with a bland smile and a washing
of bis bands In the air, that the gentleman had
the advantage of him, but that, probably, they

| might have met at some common friend's house,

Ho had never heard of Thomas Carlyle!

Wilkie Collina was, tor many years, among
Millais's most tntimate triends. The facts re
warding the origin of Collins's tamous novel,
“The Woman in White,” are here set forth, 60
far as the blograpler is at liberty to disclose them.
“One night in the fifties, Millais was returning
home trom one of the many parties held
under Mra Collins's hospitmble roof in Han-
over terrace, and, in accordance with che
usual practice of the two brothers, Wilkie
and Charles, they accompanied him home on
his walk throurh the dimly-lit, and, in those
days, semi-rural roads and lanes of north Lon
don. It was a beautiful moonlight night in the
summer time, and, as the three triends walked
along, chatting mally towether, they were aud-
denly arrested by a piercing scream coming trom
the garden of a« villa close at hand. It was evi
dently the cry of o women in distress; and, while
pausing to consider what they should do, the
fron gate leading to the garden was dashed open,
and, from it, came the figure of & young and very
beautitul woman dressed in flowing white robes
thac shove in che moonlight She seemed to float
rather than to run in their direction, and, on com-
ing up to the three young men, she paused tor 4
moment in an atticude ot supplicacion and terror
Then, seeming to recollect herself, she suddenly
moved on and vanished in the shadows cast upon
the road. ‘Whata lovely woman!’ was all Millals
could say. ‘I must see who she is and what's
the matter, ‘said Wilkle Collins, as, widhout another
word, ho dashed off atter her. His two com

panions waited in vide gus his return, and, next |

day, when they met ogo, he seemed indisposed
to talk of his advenmre. They gathered trom
him, however, that he liad come up with the lovely
fugitive, and had heard trom her own lps the
history of her lite and the cause of her sudden
flight She was a young lady of good birth and
position, who had accidentally fallen into the
hands of 6 man living in # villa jn Regent Park
There for many months he kept her prisoner
under threats and mesmeric influence of so alarm
ing a character that she dared noc attempt to
escape, until, in sheer desperation, she fled trom
the brute who, with a poker in his hand, threatened
to dash her brains out. Her subsequent history,
Interesting asitis, isnotfor these pages.”

Anthony Trollone was another of Millats’s
amis du coeur. ‘They mec, it seema, tor the first
time, at a dinner given by Mr. George Smith to
the contributors to the Cornhill Magazine and the
Pall Mali Gazette. ‘The triendship there tormed
ended only with Trollope’s death tn 1882 In
the autobiography, published atter his decease,
there ts a touching reecrd ot his affection tor
Millate: “Mr. Millals was engaged to illustrate
‘Framley Parsonage.’ He atterward iliustrared
‘Orley Farm’ “The Small House at Allington,’
‘Rachel Ray’ and ‘Phineas Finn’ Altogether
he drew tor my tales cighty-seven drawings,
and I do not think more conscientlous work was
ever dom by man. Writers of novela know well,
and so ought readers ot novels to have learned,
iNuserating, either
he equally adopted by a bad and by

4 good artist. To Mr. Millats as a good artist,

 

“Well, P——, and what,

“But who are you, pray” |

And |

} in the pi

| embraced nie,

 

 

{t was open simply to make a pretty picture, or to |

atudy the work of the author from whose writing
he was bound @ take tissublect TT have too often
tound that the former alternacive has been thought
to be the better, asit certainly is the easter methor
An artist will frequently dislike to subordinate

‘

his ideas to those of an author and will somecdmes |

be too idle w find out what those tdeas are But
this arciat was neither proud not idle In every
figure shat he drew {t was his object to promote
the views of the writer whose work he had under
taken to fllusera te, and he never spared himeelt
any pains in studving the work so as to ensble
him to do ao. Those {lustrations were |
fifteen years ago, And trom that thee up to this
day my affection tor the man has Increased
To see him has always been a pleasure Tis
voice has been a aweet aound in my eara Le
hind his back I have never heard him praised
without Joining his eulogists; I have never heard
a word spoken against him without opposing
the censurer. These words, should he ever see
them. will come to him trom the erave, and will
tell lim or my regard, as one living man never
tells another.”

mun

Vv.

In 1856 Millals produced the pictures called
*Peace Concluded,” better known as “The Recurp
trom the Crimea,” and
the former picture Ruskin wrote
selt contd hardly head him now
is as brilliant In invention as consummate in ex-
ecutive power. Toth this and ‘Autumn Leaves’
will rank, in future, among the world’s best mas-
terpleces” We are cold that Col. “Bob” Mal
colm eat tor the man and Mrs. Millats tor the
lady. inthetormer palnting. In spite ot Ruskin's
praise the author of this blography does not
recard “The Return from the Crimea” as a good
example of his f ther's work

It was at this period that the forees of the London
presa and the Academy combined in the attempt
to crush Millais, as the leader of the new school
of artista, In those days, a great London news
paper had far more influence in the formation
Not only
were the leading journals against Millais, but
rome of the most influentlal members of the Acad-
emy foined in the crusade with an animosity
hardly conceivable in these Hberal ttmea. In a
letter of Millais's, written in May, 1996, we read
"So determined are the Academictans to insult
every man who chooses to purchase my works,
thet this vear thee have done the same with Mil

“Titian him

| followed trom the chapel

“Autumn Leaves.” Of |

This pleture

ler (who had purchased ‘Peace Concluded’) aa they |
Aid with Arden when he bought ‘The Order of |

Relenae.” For the first time, they have not sent
him an invitation to the dinner.” In another
letter of about the same date, we read: “I have
found ont the name of the Times critic. It ts
I don't indeed, expect any
better treatment from the preas in my lifetime,
as the critics are too intimately mixed up with the
The result is the same aa in the other
years —there is no getting near the pictures at the
opening —so I am perfectly @atiafied with the pub-
lic’s reception of them this year.” And again: “I
have the whole of the Royal Academy, with one

profession

or two exceptions, dead arninst me, which makes |
| all intercourse with them unpleasant.

The ‘Peace

Concluded,’ however, has sold for a great deal

| more than any other picturein the Royal Academy,

excepting Landseer's, and I shal! obtain a still
better price mext year. With this knowledge,
I think we may rest very well satisfied, aa such
solid success {9 never achieved against such pow

erfii) opposition without its having unmistakable |

This the world will see in epite of all
these shameful attempts to ruin me” In the
same month of May, 1856, Millais tell; of the treat-
ment meted out to Charles Reace, whom he mentions
for the Orst Ume, who afterward became a
greot friend of his: “I dined at the Garrick with
Reade, the author of ‘Itis Never Too Late to Mend.’

He is delighted with my pletures, and regards all |

criticism os worthless, He has never been re

viewed at all in the Témes, although his book has |

passed through more editions than most of the
first-class noyxels.” In 1856-67, “The Blind Girl”
and “Sir Isumbras at the Ford” were produced,

 

When the latter picture was exbibited in the
Academy, it waa greeted with howls of execration,
the Lion's roar of Ruskin being this time heard high
above the jackal'a wheip of his followers. ‘The
Breat critic could ae in it no single point (or admir
aon, Now, however, thattime and varnish lave
done their work, the picture is as universally praised
aa \t was formerly condemned. “Time and varn
ish,” Millais used to any, “are the greatest Old
Masters that ever lived.” Among the satirical
comments published at the time on “Sir Llsumbras”
wes A” large print entitied “A Nightmare,” aud
bedieved to be the work of a distinguished brother
artist It represented Millais’s picture in a lu
dicrous manner, and showed the painter in the
act of crossing a ford on the back of a loud-braying
ass. Seated on the front of the saddle in the place
of one of the woodeutter’s children, Dante 6
Rossetti was depicted in the mighty bands of the
steelclad knight Clinging round the waist of tie
champlou was @ quaint manikin, meat. for
Holman Hunt The picture of “Sir Isumbras
at the Pord” was purchased by Charles Keade
After his death, it becamethe property of Mr
John Graham, and, on the latter's decease, Mr
Robert Vincent bought it for a large sum Mil
lads biniself considered the horse in the painting

life. He wreve to the
1892),; "1"

wher at the Ume (Aug

‘y agit undoubtedly was, toe poetry
ture ought to Lave saved it from the
savace ovsinuht of all the critics, notably, John
Ruskin, who wrote of it, "This is not a flaseo, but
a catastrophe’ On the other hand, Thackeray
put his arms round my neck, and
anid ‘Never mind, my boy, go on painting more
such pictures.”

Millai# exhibited nothing in 185%, qnd, in the
following year, came tye turning point tn his

|

, had a one-sided conversation with him

nothing, but, looking at her, pointed solemnly
to himself. When it dawned upon her who her
neighbor waa, she was spared any confusion by
Millais's hearty loughier”

Mrs. Jopling goes on to recall that*the Princess
of Wales said to him once, while looking at several
pictures in his studio, ‘T wonder you can bear to
part with them, Mr Millais’ ‘Oh, ma’am,’ an
swered Millais, ‘when | finish a picture Lata just
likea hen having laid anegg  Lery, “Come and
take it away’ ind take it away!’ And
then T start upon another picture!" Mra. opting
addy that) “Phe royal family were most sympa
thetic to him in nis last iliness. [remember com
ing away from seeing him one day, after navirce
I talking
end he responding on tne slate te had to use after
Lis volee failed him A thought struck me that it
soomed a pily to erase the last sayings of ao rare 4
being. Twasdue ata sale of works at the Royal
School of Art Needle Work, and, at Princess (hits
tian's stall, Llooked about for an appropriate note
book whien might in after days be held precious
to those who love John Millais. On making my
want known to the Princess ane immediately
said) «Oh, let me give it him. I should like to
go much. IT asked her to write ber name tn it,
which she immediately did, and I took it back to
the dear patient.”

The year 1467 witnessed another of the marked
transitions in Millaiss art life As “The

Come

Vale of Rest" bad proclaimed his) emancipa-
| tion from the excessive detail of pre-Raphactite
expression, go the two works, “Rosalind and

life, the period when, wit) the exception of a few |

men of independent judgment, all the powers of
the art world were arrayed against him, and,
under their influence, even the picture dealers
began to look askance upon his work. Thus,
even from the financial point of view, the sit
uation was critical, Ruin siared the painter in
the face, ruin to himself, his wife and family
One cannot wonder that, under the strain
peril of the time, nis letters betray notonly amaze
ment at the crass stupidity of some of his critics,
but also a deep sense of injury, and a rooted
belief that envy, hatred and malice were at the
bottom of the uproar. The pictures exhibited
by Millats at the Royal Academy in 1850 were
“The Valeof Rest,” “The Love of James L of Scot
land,” and “Apple Blossoms.” On April 29, the
painter wrote’ “I have just come from the pri
vaie view. ‘To tell you the truth I think it likely
1 shell not sell one of my pictures” The clique
has been most successful against me this year,
and few people look at my work. Fiverywnere
I hear of the infamous attempts to destroy me

| (The truth is these pictures are not vulgar enough

for genéral appreciation) Gambert was. there
and several dealers, but none spoke to me" The
fact of the matter is Iam out of fasnion.” By

and by, however, the picture dealers began to

| Come around, and one of them bought “Tae Vale

of Rest” for 700 guineas; it was afterward sold
for £2,000, The two other pictures of this year also
brought a good price. When, in 1860, “The
Black Brunswicket" appeared on the Academy
walls, the public hailed it enthusiastically as
one of the greatest gems of the Exhibition, though
with few exceptions, the press still showed itself
unfriendly

From 1860 down to 1869, Millais was chiefly

engaged in black-and-white work and water

| color drawings, under commissions from various

publishers and picture dealers The money
he recetved for these drawin s was but a nominal
Tecompense for the labor bestowed upon them:
for, unless perfectly satisfied with the finished
production, he would tear it up at once, even if
he had spent whole days upon ith seamed work,
in any shape, being an abomination in his eyes,
It was a constant source of lament to him that,
under the pressure of pecuniary needs, even first
Tate men were & myetinies compelled to turn out
more work (han they could possibly do with eredit
to themselves He would notice this now and
then in the illustrated literature of the day, and
out would come the remark, “Another poor devil
gone wroug for the sake of a few sovereigns!"

It will be remembered that Thackeray died
on Dec. 24, 1863, On the following day, Millais
wrote: “Tam sure you will he dreadtully shocked,
an I was, at the loss of poor Thackeray He was
found dead Ly his servant in the morning, and
of course, the mhcle house is tn a state of the ut
most contuston and pain
toknowh
myaelt thi They are

atrernoon suffering ter

 

 

1
and |
| clerka

 

I sent this morning |
w the mother and girls were, and called |

| the top

ribly as you mighe exper Ie was tound lying
back, With his arms over his head. as though
in great patio. Pivery one ] meet is affected hy
hisdeath. Nothing else is spoken ot In another
letter on Dee 31, 1663, we read I went vester
day to the funeral, in Theodore Martin's carriage
It was 4 mourntul scene, and ba manarred A
crowd of women were there--trom curiosity, 1 |

muppose--dressed fn all colors, and around the
scarlet and blue colors shone out promi

Indeed, the true mourners and triends
could mot get near, and intimate trends who were
present, had to be hustled Into thelr places dur
ing the ceremony of interment, Woe all, of course
and, by that tme, the
grave was surrounded. There was a great lack
of what ts called ‘high sociery’, which T was eur
prised at None ot that class, of whom he krew
&) many were present. The painters were nearly
all there—more even than che literary men."

grave
nently

Vi.

The author of the book betore us surgests
that, in point of technical skill, Millals attained
the zenith of his power in 1564, but he deems
the fact too plain co be overlooked that 1465 marked
a distinet acvance in the direction of larger ard
more important pictures and greater breedth
ot treatment
named was “The Evil One Sowing Tares,” then
came “Father,” and next, The Romans Leaving
Britain.” The sublect ot the last named paint
ing had always had a great attraction tor Millais,
We eee in it the parting between 4 Roman legionary
and his British mistress They are placed on a
cliff path overlooking the sea, where a large gal
ley {a waiting tor the soldier. He kneels at
the woman's teet with his arma clasped about
her body. His face, unheblmeted, is hidden
fn her breast; ber hands are upon his shouldera,
and she looks steadtastiy. with a passionate
eager, savage &tare upon the melancholy waste
ot the gray and restless nen. It wes in 1865 chat
Millnia purchased the martle statue of “Leda
and the Swan” by Michael Angelo, @ work of
art which had been fn the possession of che Gall!
family tor over three hundred veara

His first pleture in the year last}

The very |

next day after the purchase came a missive trom |

the Russian Government requesting the Italian
Government to buy the Leda fort. et any price
“Sleeping,” “Walting’ and “The Minuet,” the
three pictures which Millais exhittted in the Rogal
Academy in 1887, are classed among the speci
mens of hia later pre-Raphaellte masner, of while
the ‘Vale of Reet” wae the firstexample, Weare
told that these (hres pictures were exact portralts

Celia” and “Jephthah,” painted this year, showed
4 further development in the style and character
of his work. In “Rosalind and Celia,” two or
three broad streaks of the brush express exactly
4 fatlon leat which, a few years before, would
have been highly worked up. Millais had great
diMeulty with the tigure and pose of Celia, He
painted it. originally, from his wife's sister, Mrs
Stibbard, but, for a long time, he struggled in
vain to produce the effect he desired, It was
onty at the last moment, when the picture was
about to leave his hands, that he succeeded in
his object, taking for his model a pretty, dark
woman, the wife of one of Lord Rothsehild’s
For Resslind, Mra Madley, a professional
miedel, sat, Col ©. Tindsay sat for the prin
cipal figurein Jephthah The lovely girl walking
away with her arm around her sisters waist was
a Miss Ward; the two other figures were models.

! not be painted absolutely literally

This picture was the first of Millais's works that |

commanded a very large price. The last time
“Rosalind” was shown, it brought &5,000, In
“The Boyhood of Raleigh,” produced in 1870,
the two boys were painted from Millais's sons,
Everett and George, For the sailor who is en
trancing them with romantic tales of the Spanish
Main, a professional model was employed. About
“A Knight -Errant,” exhibited in the same year,
the only picture of Millais in which the nude
figure is seen, the biographer has a word cr two
to say. It is, admittedly, one of the finest ex-
amples of the painters art, but the Pharasaic
spint of the age was against it, Mrs. Grundy
was shocked, or pretended to le, and, in conse
quence, it remained on the artist's bands unul
Wis. The artist originally painted the dis
treased lady who had been robbed, stripped and
bound by thieves as looking at the spectators
but, after awhile, he came to the conclusion that
the beautiful creature would look more modest
if he turned her head away. So he took the can
vas down and repainted it as we see it now

In June of the vear just named, Charles Dick
ens died. Millais had long entertained a tender
regard for him, and went down to Gad's Hill
Place, and made a sketch of him, He intended,
at first, to make only a /!ttle outline drawing;
but the features of the novelist struck him as
being so calm and beautiful in death, that he
ended by making a finished portrait, the value
of which may be gathered from the fouowing
letter penned by Kate Dickens, now the wife of
Mr. Perugini: “My dear Mr. Mitlais: C-~ has
just brought down your drawing. It is quite
impossible to descrile the effect it has had upon
us, No one but yourself, I think, could have
80) perfectly understood the Leauty and pathos
of that dear face as it lay on that liide Led in the
ining rocin, and ne one buts man with a genius
bright as his own could have 60 reproduced that
face as to make us feel now when we look at it
that he fs still with us in the house, Thank
you, dear Mr. Millais, for giving It to me, There
is nothing in the world I have, or can ever have
that T shall value half ao much. IT think you
know this, although I can find so few words to
tell you how grateful I am.”

 

vil,

"Victory, O Lord,” beceer known, perhaps, as
“Joshua,"’ was exhibited in 1871, In the com
posidion of this pieture, the ardse seized the mo
ment when Moses, Aaron and Hur are seen on
of the mountain while Joslua fights with
the Amelekites at the foot. Moses is seated,
his face absorbed in religious triumph and an
ecstacy of victorious zeal. He js thoroughly
eceadiasc and immovable, while his supporters
look as if fatigue had overcome their enercies and
destroyed their hopes for vierory; each of them,
though nearly faintioa clasps an erm of the
chief against his breast, and bears it up with
his hands: back, lolns and lower limbs, all cen
tred in one action. Aaron, In red, is erect; he
turns half about so as to carch @ glimpse of the
flg:t in the valley below the rocky mountain
side on which the three are placed
the staff-hand of Moses, and, like Aaron, clasps
it against bis breast, bringing to ic the euppere
of all his remaining streng!) ‘The passage
in Exodus which the painter almed to reproduce
runs os follows So Joshua did as Moses had
said to him, and fought with Ameleh; and Moses
Aaron and Hur went up to the top of the hill
And ft came to pass, that, when Morea held up
his hands, that Israel prevailed; and, when he
let down his hands, Amelek prevailed, But Stoces
hands were heavy; and whey took a stone and
puc ie under him, and he fac thereon; and Aaron
and Hur stayed up his bands, the one on the one
side, and the other on the otherside; and his hands
were steady until the going down of the sun, and
Joshua discomfited Armelek and his
with the edge of the sword.'’ There js a little
joke connected with this plecure that che bie
grapher repeata Some years after it was ex
hibited, Millais was called upon to paint the por
trait of a handsome Jewish lady, whose husband,
Mr. Mosea, had, for reasons best known to himeelf,
changed his name to that of an old English one
The little circumstance was not forgot'en when
the portrale appeared! on the Academy wal! In
his report of the exbibidon, a warcish critic wrote
“Somo years ago, Mr. Millais painted a famous

people

picture, "Mores, Anton and Hur.’ ‘This time
we see, he has painted ber with nt Moses.”

In the winter of 1871 72, another idea took

possession of Millais’s mind In a review of

j; his worka, dt has been aseeried that he was in

capable of making such a plecure of three beaud

| ful women

' mous portrait

of his daughters, Carrie: Mary and Effie, and were |

not Idealized in the slightest degree Here we
mar fitly Introduce some recollections of Millais
by Mrs. Jopling, now Mra. Jopling-Rowe “The
first time Taaw John Fverett Millale,” she writes,
“was ateme of the private views of the old masters
at Rurlington House. I was walking with a
mutual friend, ‘Tere comes Millals,’ he said
You can imagine my excitement. I atared with
all my eyes. My friend said, ‘Good ehow of old
mastefa!’ ‘Old masters be bothered’ 1 prefer
looking at the young mistresses!’ sald Millais,
with a humorous glance at me as he walked on.
My companion roared with laughter. ‘There is
only Johnny Millais who would date make a re
mark like that" I remember his telling me an
incident that hapnened tohimself Te wae dining
outand sitting nest the hostess. On his other side
was 4 charming society woman, who evidently
had not caught his name when he was introduced
to her, for she, presently, during a pause, started
the usual eublect of conversation in May—the
Academy. ‘Isn't Millais too dreadful this year?
Then, seeing the agonized contortions of her hos
teaa’s countenance, she said; ‘Oh, do tell me
what I have done! Look at Mrs ‘aface. I
must have done or said something terrible’ ‘Well,’
laughed Millais ‘you really have, you know.’
‘Ob, please tell me!’ ‘lietter nerve yourself to
hear, Drink this glass of sherry first.’ ‘Yes,
yes; now, what is it?’ For answer Millais said

| ful daughters of Sir William

together in the dress of the
as Sir Joshua Resnolds had produced ir
f "The Ladies Wald
Nas determined to show the w
task was by no means Lerond power, even
when handicapp d by the ungraceful dress ard
colffure of the early
“Hears are ‘l rumpa

period
1 hia fa
grave’ MSil
rid that such a

his

 

seventie ‘The result was
in which the three beaud

\rinstrong appear,

engaged in a pame of cards. According to a
contemporary crete, few of Millaic's pir tures
Perhaps none, made @ greater kenention ot heir
appearance at the Academy than this group of
three yountgirls The arrangement is, of course,
nota little reminiscent of the famous Sir Joshua
but there is a bravura in the execution and

4 union of respect for the minniest vagaries of
fashion, with breadth of band and unity of reeult
which has never been excelled since the days
of Velasquez, Among the works of 1A73 wag
the portrait of Mra Rischoffsheim. which made
4 sengation at Paris inthe Mxhibicion of 1878,
and again at Munich in the following year

When Landseer died in 1873, he left behind
him three large unfinished Pictures, among
which was one intended to be a life sized portrait
of Nell Gwynne passing through an ar hway
on 4 white palfrey. This painting, in whieh
the horse alone was finished, was be urht bs
of the Rethschild family and wiven to Milleis

to complete, One morning a celeorsted
called

rt critic
and was much impressed by the we rk
“Ah, to be sure,” he said, going up close and ex
amining 4 deerhound in the foreground,
easily one can recognize Landseer's dogs!
derful, fan's it?”

“how

one |

Hur has |

'

           
     

Millais, lighting a pipe, “I finished painting thes
dog yesterday morning, and have done the whole
of it myself.”

“The Northwest
Academy in
the most
the

Passage,” exhibited
1AT4,
Millais’s paintings at
for its intrinsic merit, but ae
on oinere eloquent than words of the

at the
the spring of perhaps
popular of all

time, mots

was

AN EX Pres.
wide felt desire that to bngland should fall ihe
honer of laying bare the hidden mystery
North, “Tt might be done, and
to do it” ‘bhis was the
niarked the subject of the

known that Capt

younger Caya, had been ant

{the
England oughe
stirring ley 1 thas
pleture It may not
te Benerane
in}
of Byron and Shelley

whose

‘Trteeney, wha,
mate friend
sat for the old

features

sondig
Geran
heart. Hy hie
nap of the nothern rept ha
with her hand resting on his, his Qaughteg

weather beaten irive

to the sentient nearest to his
side is outapread a

and

 

 

siis At his feet, reacting what le presumeols the
record of previous elforts to reach the pole. The
ferole firure was painted froma model, whe
a wed forthe "Stiteh, Sthich, Stitch." exhibited
IN boss

It is to this period of Millats's Itfe that Mp,
Stuart Wortley’s recollections of him refer, "Ig

appreciation of beauty in women was great [
remember the intense Interest with which we all
listened during a discussion of the
of the present day

five merits

heats
to his views on thetr compara.
He very distinetiv gave the palm
toGeorgina Lady Dudley, of all that he had seen,
though he rated Mrs. Langtry very near het
On one oceasion, in my studio, he said, ‘What
business have you to miss the beauty of that
woman's nostril’ Give me a brush’ And, ia
two minutes, he bad put in the necessary itne
to refine my hard presentment. He was very
strong on refinement and beauty of line in @
woman's face, and on the scale and size of a por.
trait—that it should alwars be under life elze,
and, so toapesk, stand back in itsown atmosphere
behind the frame. Very severe against false
enlargement of the eves — ‘ah. now vou are getting
to draw them nice and small,’ he said to me, on the
subject of eyes; the only partola face that coul

from nature
he declared to be the juncture of the wing of the
nose and accounting for this view
by the fact that it is intensely molile, varying
with the slightest change of expression, action
or light, and that, therefore, to fix it hard and
fast in any direction is a mistake’

In the Summer of 14676 was painted “The Yeo
man of the Guard,” a type of the old British war
rior ‘The diffieulty was to find a model who came
up to the ideal wearer of the hisvorie costume,
but this at last the painter found in Major Robert
Montague. It was this picture that caused the
French artists to exclaim at the Paris Exposition

the cheek

of I8T5, and opened Meiseonier's eves to the fact,
as lie

himself seid, that Bogleand had a great
er. In the following year Millais painted

fle Deans,” the hihe Deans were
Mrs. Langtry and Mrs. Shibbard. ‘Lhis is usually
considered one of Millais'’s joost suecessful pieturce
inthe fleld of romance It is an interesting fact
that, within a day of sending in this picture to
the Academy, the lovely head of the girl appeared
to the painter not high enourh above the shouldera.
He hadthecourageand the skill toshiftand repaint
the head about three quarters of an inch higher,
& task so difficult that the success accomplished
on the spur of the m
The olteratio
ing only. In the following year Millais finished
a portraitofthe “The Jersey Lily,” then in the
zenith of her beauty. Jt wes in the twelvemonth
just named that he received in Paris the ¢

 

models for

ment is truly astonishing.

is said to have occupied one morn-

ld medal
of honor, and was created an officer of the Legion
of Honor In the following year the portrait of
Gladstone was painted, then came John Bright's,
and this was followed in 1851 by the portrait of
Cardinal Newman, Meanwhile, in 1580, Millais
received from the University of Oxford the degrea
of D.C.L The portrait of Lord Keaconsteld
was unmiinished at the time of the subject's death
tn April, 1551, butit was completed end exhibited
by the Queen's command. The portrait of ‘Ten
nyson followed; it seems that the latter recognized
an extraordinary likeness between Dickens and
himself Ayearlater, Millaisre cived two honors
which he valued more highly than any others
conferred upon him The Paris Academie des
Beaux Arts elected him a Foreign Associate,
While, from Germany, came the order Pour le
Merite. In June, 1885, Mr. Gladstone's Govern.
ment, with the Queen's approval, decided to de
honor toart by offering baronetcies to Millais and
Watts Mr Watts declined the offer, but Millais
hac long held that such a distinction was not only
an honor to the recipient, but to the whole body
of artists, and an encouragement to the pursuit
of artin {ts highest and noblest form

We must pass over Millais’s latest picturea,
note that, aft ghton died in

)

and merely r Lord Le

January, 1896, he wes unanimousiy chosen Prest-

dentof the Royal Academy. His
Hie bad

drawing «

days were already
“The Last
he had meade some

numbered already begun
| re} r “
time before, and which he
Hesuffered fre

and bis voice

{ wiich

had intended to paint
throat
once powerful, sank to a whisper,

ma melignant tumor in the

On Aug. 13, 189, he breathed his last. He lies
in the Painters’ Corner” of Westniluster Abbey,
in the game niche with his friend Leyrhten, end
with lus illustrious predecessors, Sir Jos'ua
Reynolds, Sir Christopher Wren, Sir Thomas
Lawrence and Benjamin West
NUM,
Cf Millais’s attitnde toward his own works,

we learn from one of the few men with whom he
conversed freely on matters of art that “he was
remarkably frank in the ate of bis own work,
and knew perfect!y we secret of his
ebenthbisteputation wae
from the oe
haunt

   
 
 

aking 3
knowledge, just how]
to be

easional depression that must

likely Even wien sullering

the most

 

   

sanguine member ¢f his profession, 1 do net think
that he ever wavered in his belief as to what he
really could de TLremember a delightfully naif
instance of this which oecurred one da henl
called upon my return from a visit to Harlem
We were talking about the Franh Hols collection
the and tecame enthus 1 the subject,
In the middle of our conversation he suddenly
turned round and pointed to a large importer nt

picture of his own, saying ‘I can faney that
some day people will tr f that pieture as we

talking of the Prank Hala’ There was
no sign of boast eit in his tone, only
quiet Men cf
unusual capacits thelr power
perfectly well f them are too

On the other

  

are now

 

ng or con

considerstion and eanvietion
wenerally know
but the majority

reserve) to exprees the knowledve

 

     

hand, Millais was as open and frank as a boy and
would have thourhtit mere affectation t rdisgulse
buch @ belief from a frend.” ‘Toward the works
of oth a ‘ foreioy ewasnbhenlutele
eclectic. finding in evere seb lef prt se mething
to admire Palking on this subject with a friend,
he said) “The beet has been already ne 'n

hasth plure of Crreece, the portraits

randt, &e. but artists are doing as well

only their work } t the prestige of
i Phe neweet art texture may he very fine
{in both det and concep tior mtthe hard ines
have vet? » worn off Artists have to wrestle
today with the horrible antaroniem of mace

dress; no wonder, th fore, that few recent por
led. Just imagine

n palr of

 

wk really di

‘Charion 1'

 

Van-

 

dvyvek's ‘led tpotte

Paul Potter's
Ur Mare mea

gers’ On another oceaston he sald

 

‘hull’ ta a ver

{raw and paint domest animals hetter than
the old master notably, Henry Davia A fine
old Velasquez, with a hero on herehack, lool

ingg as if he would eat sou up, is mounted on @
poor horse, poorl raw?

A far higher stand

an (mre
ard im thi

 

stole creature,
respect is required

now, None of the old masters can toucu Meis
Bonnier in this respect lo young men who
thought: fcc lowing art aga profession he rarely

 

 
 

geve any encouragement Lhe public,” he
would say, “are too discriminative now. ‘The
want something miore than merely good ar
Only the very best of everytt ip in deme
‘The man who can draw a few lines ds black a
white better than any one else {a wanted; the nv

who can paint a pretty good ofl paintir gis:
For mere modiocrity there ig now no out! ¥

M. W. 1

An Fpttome of a Century's Progress.
From the Chicago Record,

Profesanr—"Miag Plavi A, Mention ¢

 

the most wonderful scientifle invent
Dineteenth century.”
Miss Fiavilla—"Yos, ir: the telephone

f Won. | Photograpn buttons, golf capes apd ie
“Yes, it ig wonderful,” semarked , 8°48.”

 
 

 

 

 

‘