|

mie CAUSE OF WOMAN,
eee BOUMERANG”
(he Paver Made Famous by Sill Nye Gate

Out & Speolal Edition, Managed by
»—tome of the Contributors —

Womer :
Women's Part in Church Work —
Bishop Sesrume on Woman Buffrage.

Laramie Boomerang, which became

sens under the editorship of Bill Nye, hae
lately issued 4 woman's edition for acharitable

irposs, [eis an ioterestiog example of what
Wromine women can dotnthatling, The first

» tad to a drama in verse, by Mra,

ome Mead » Slosson, chaplain of the State
ie tentiary Wyoming, personified as 4
beautiful woman with @ crown of atars, calls
ap one by one the phantoms of those who oc-
eupled ber territory In the past—the Indian
ebief, the Ssanish alventurer, the French
yovageur-ind makes them tell the story of

vaniatei days A young man |p cowboy cos-
tume enters next, and recites a poem in praise
ofthe present, full of the spirit of youth and

vigorous cheor

long breath of vivtd
Draw monte til of the prairie’s wines
It rinsuciight, tte favor rare,
Tho irsgracce of Howers, Ab, eee the shine

itter of daw-dropa on every band
ee lov forour mountatu feaa
Bet usu. believe that the earth isold,

ls youbg—#nd ours is the Age of Gold!

Bue
of the dramatis persons enters “the
pounvest heir of learuing,” @ girl in college
gap andgown. Wyorniog greats ber as “The
littie siater loved but long forgot,” and says:

 

    

An!
AL

od owt

Last

Rhe is tha promise of better days to be;
Sha iste predwe of Wiser, purer laws,
Gv. we your baud, young maubood, strong and

!, triumphant {ne noble cause!

fhe joins the hands of the youth and matden,
and tells them: “To you, together, I trust my
fature fate.” Looking back upon the Indian
wars, sui rejolaing io har present peace and
prosperity, Wyoming says in conclusion;

Out of the blood-stained earth bursts e beautiful
oeene of ‘the aves, which long I have waited for
Baliew of peace I wear at laston my bosom;
How far they Oulshine the wild, red roses of war!

 

This play is dedicated to the children of the

tate, The children have a good time, judging

yan article written for the same “woruan's
edition” by Grace Raymond Hebard, who has
been Secretary of the Wyoming State Univer-
sity forthe pasteight years and isa member
of (ts Hoard of Trustees. Mins Hebard) was
graduated from the State Colversity of Iowa
when very young, taking the degree of A. M.,
anda‘terward adding thatof Ph.D, Last vear
she was adiitted to the bar, and, curiously
enough, she wae the first woman in Wyoming
toapply tor such admission, although Women
hav: bad ful suffrage there for thirty-one
years, [his ought to relieve the minds of some
who fear that if women area lowed to vote they
wilall rush {oto law and me iicine and desert
domestic occupations. In her article on “Eda-
cation in Wyom ne,” Misa Hebard says:

“The United States Commissioner of Edaca-
tion sald, just before Wyoming became a State:
Wyoming takes a high rank among the Terrt-
tories in e@ ueational matters, and there is
great {nterest shown by the citizens in the
effort to maintain the public schools at a high
atundard,’ The censua report for the

ame year, 1800, shows less Ifillteracy in

yoming than in any other State or Territory
of the Union, (Wyoming at this time had had
equal euffrawe for twenty years.) This con-
dition existed ten years ago, and the past
decate haa witnessed no decilne in
tional affairs. Out of the larwe number of
Wyoming volunteers who took part in our
recent war, there is not one who cond not
write his name when he enlisted, Wyoming
keenly apprectates the advantage of a publio
achool education, and has on her statutes an
excellent set of school lawa, affecting every
sten of education from the kindergarten to the
Btate University, Of our thirteen County Sup.
erinten ents of Schools, ten are women: and
three yomen served on the Board of Trustees
of the University.

Between the years 1890 and 1898, the number
of puptis in the pubiie echools of Wyoming
almost doubled—an interesting fact for Mrs.
Caroline F. Corbin, President of the [it{nois

 

 

 

 

a

of San

Ml Tean learn [am convinced that equal ent
rage has done as much for man as for woman.
And {t is but an illustration of the great trut
that our liberty and rights are best insured t
us when wo secure for othere the liberty and
rights that belong to them,”

 

Women are being more and more gen-
q7ally weleoment into the work of the churches
Mre Francia M. Pugh of Oukland was eleoted
Moderator of the Callfornia State Free Baptist
Association at its Inst meeting. Mra, Hurlburt
has been unanimously invited by the Con-
Gregational Church of Condon, Ore, to be.
come ite peator and Mil the pulplt left vacant

by ber hustand's death) The Rev. Irances
A. Kimball woe lately ordained to rhe Unt.
versalist ministry, and will have charge of

the churches at South Barre and Willluma.
town, Vt. Three other women
tev. Anna -T, Aldridge, — the
Taahella 8. Macduff and the Rev, EMe Jones,
took partin her ordination services, with
an equal number. of ministera of the
other sex. The Kev, Hannah Jewett Powe!) was
recently instaiied as pastor of the Universalist
churches at North Jay and East Dixtleld
Bie, the Congregational minteter
the Beripture jesson and the Methodlat minis.
ter giving the addresa of welcome in behal of
thechurches ‘The addreas of welcome on the
arto! the parish was given by Mra. Silas
fright. Miss Bele Kearney of Mississippi,
preached in the Presbyterian Churgh of Craw.
ford, N J.,ona recent Sunday oorning, she
being the frat woman who hal ever oecupied
ita pulpit. On the same evening, in Westfleld,
five churches and thelr pastors joined their
services ina uncon merting addressed by her,
Mrs. Vandella Varnum Thomas, wife of Dr,
Thomas of the People’s Church, Chicago, waa
ately ordained to the ministry and will assist
er husband in his pastoral work, Prominent
Conaresgaitonal, Methodist and Unitarian min-
isters took part in the ordination

 
  

Mayor Phelan of San Franelaco has appointed
& woman on the Boarl of Edlucation--Mra,
Mary W. Kineald, formery principal of the
Girls’ High Sehool, The appointment gives
wrent anti<action to the women ot San Fran.
elaen, Under the new city charter, the Board
of Eduvation, whieh used to consist of twe ve
unpal! membere elected by the voters, will
consist of four members appointed by the
Mayor, with salaries of $3,000 @ year each,
With the Mayor of Kaltimore setting him a
good example from the South, and the Mayor
Frane sco from the Weat, nrerhapa
Mayor Van Wyex may vet be persuaded to wiva
the children in New York schools the beneilt of
6 Woman on the board,

Dr. Lyman Abnott, In Tha Ouflook, has a sin-

ularly misleading editorial on “Equal Suffrage

n Oregon.” He says: “Oregon bas never
shown any leaning toward suffrage.” Oregon
has twice submitted an equal suffrage amend.
ment to the voters, while moat States have thas
far refused to submit it even once, The vote
in the last Oregon Legislature in favor of sub-
mission was 48 toUinthe House andi2d to L
in the. Senate, Such a vote in the New
York Legisiature wold. be regarted aa
showing A” pretty marked “leaning toward

women  euffrage.” Dr, Abbott'a = ex.
Hanation of thie large legisiative vote
s more ingenious than probable Two

Legislatures in succession must vote to submit
ap amendment: and Dr. Abbott thinks that all
the opponentsof equal suffragein the last Lew
islnture forgot that the previous Leg’s ature

Kev, |

|
|

ministers, |

ading j

!

had done so! Accor'ing to him, they |
meant to wive the aufirage amendment
“a merely complimentary. vote” this time

and to defeat tt in the next Legislature, Con.
sijering that all the vicious elementa in Ore-
gon, as e'sewhera, are keenly awake to thefr

) own interest. and dread woman suffrage worss

than the bubonie plague, it is hartiv credibis
that no one should have ramembered the pas-
save ot the amendment by a previous Legia-

ture, and reminded the legisiators o! it
-—{f they needel any reminding Cer-
tainly, if the opponents of equal suf-
| frage in the Oregon Legisinture wera

educa- |
| fetehed explanation,

Association Opposed tothe Extension of Suf- |

frage to Women, who was late y quoted in Tam
Bun as saying that if women had the ballot
“there would not be any babies.”

It has also been asserted that Wroming bas
few foreigners, and hence that equal suffrage
might be expected to_work better there than
{t would atthe East. Miss Hebard saya

“Wroning supports a large foreign popula-
tion, particulary in the mining districts, aod
one teacher of alarge achoo' did not have a
native-born Armerican among her puplia, At
onetime she taught the
gree Austrians, Bavarians, Chinese, Danes,

tngliah, Freneh, Germans, Hollanders, Hun-

arians, Italians, Trish, Mexicans, Negroes,
vorwegiana, Poles, Scotch, Siavonians, Swedes,
Russians and Welsh.”

Wyoming is determined that everr child shall
have an education, even in the ramote and
thinly settle! parts of the State, “In some of
our district scools the teacher has only one
pupil, but her compensa'ion is the sama,
Many of the ranch schoo's have sod roofs,
and scholars often come twelve mileato school,
One schoo'house {fs a dug-out, and one an
abandoned box ear. Last winter ten feet of
enow had to ba shovelled away ‘rom the car ba-
foreachool commenced,” There isa compulsory
fei law, andthe achoo! boards ofany ‘istrict

 

ve power to establish industrial and manual
raining schoo!s in connection with the publio
achoola ant kindergartens forchi dren between
four and a#ix yoars of age, The law requires
physiology and hy@iene to be taught in all the
common schools =

The following point will be of interest to New
York teachers: “Our statute law allows no dis-
erimination to be made in pay on aceount of
pex when the persons are qualified and the
labor ia the same.” One-fifth of the teachers
atthe State University are women, and two of
them are professors, having full charge of the
ehairs they represent.

This woman’s edition contains reports of the
Women’s clubaot Wy ming, the D. AR, the
benevol nt soc eties, &e., from which it ap-
dd that the women of that Stara, despite

robe ng “burdened with the ballot.” find as
@Brchtime for good works and for social en-
joyment as women elsewhere, Portraits of

Mrs. Sloason, Miss Habard, and other promi-
Lent Wyoming women, show sense and char-
f terin the features, but also as much woman-

sandasiarwe a ahare of good looks as wa
find in the portraita of women itn tliustrated
paners outside of the equal suffrage States,

Mes. 8. W. Pearse tells how in the early days
Women were called to serve on the try be-
Cause it was hard teget juries that would eon-
Viet murderers and other desperatoes, public
feotiment being largely lawlesa and not las
manding their punishment, Chief Justice
lowe bellaved that women on the juries would
remedy thla, and his expectations were ful-
filed Oneofthe jurors was a minister's wife,
who used to gather the other women about her
fod put up a prayer for divine gnidance in
reawwhing a just verdict; whereas, itis said that
former juries had often decided upon thelr ver-
dict by casting lee,

A young Hiinots woman, Miss Morrow, gives
{fn the Boomeray y her impressions of equal suf-
frage. She gays

 

 

 

Nowhere have [met more intelligent women,
Nowhere have I noted a greater interest. in
home (fe and In the care due to children, The

rophec es about women _ neglecting their

mes have not come true. Indeed, from more
than one man the writer has heard compill-

as toth: number of good

 

entary testimonials

 

 

Cooka aod housekeepers, and, best of all, good
h takers, in Wyoming. Asarule the ma-
dort women prefer a domestic life; they

office or notoriety, The

t care for ;
t ' voting requires very

i ne little of a
Wonan's time

The women take an active in-
terest ing ‘sy and therefore engage in @one
Verena famore heral anded fying charace

  

 

a3 Where women do not vote
The orderand decorum on election days are
to what isecen elsewhere, alady

‘dangerof being fusalted than ut
. tan entertainment. As forthemen
or nv, Whosome peop

 

 

oin Eastern States
muen abused and down-trodden
»say that I have never inet 4
t, chivalrous aud Independent
nthan tn Wyoming.”
“irs ago, much amusement was
i of thea Woman's .fourna
ry from Holland It wasa@
‘nest woman suffragist in
information about Wyoming,
of herself and her colleagues
women iu Wyoming had
wanted to know (1) who
who took care of the
in the world did it
allowed the women
') go on voting and holding oMces in-
rising and putting an erd
tate ot things by force? We sent her
ny from Wy ne, which
° edthatthe entidren were aenerally taken
' their mothers; that the women of
rformed the housework apd did
hings that women doevery-
H's red dave in the year and on the
i they sallied th an
ey Were enticely satisfied, Our Dateh
Piet er { that the testimony we hal sub-
vas concjusive, but that she thought
must be very differ.
they were in tha rest
rean men are morta pro-
se of other countries; but
part ofthe world mon grant an
itty women, they soon come to like
hiume themselves with pride 1
t fberwity toward their women, Ast
Hugh Ho Lusk ave of New Zealand, “When
have ‘got used togiving woren equal
ke theold way any longer,
men ook upon the States
en trom suffrage with. the sort
“qontonptuons ply with which American
‘Turk who eannot trust his wile
ts W haren Miss Morrow saya:
lhe men seem very well satisfied with equal
enilrage, aud the feasibility of the movement is
Bo. wera question for debate here, From

 

   

 

 

iat try for
! nefit
hey hat heard that
and they
he housework ;
and (4) how
that the men

 
  

“Ame

 

 

 

t
mW fr, the
‘

  

 

following national- |

| voted: and that |

on }
on. |

|

guilty of the mingled stupidity and hypoer sy
that Dr, Abbot attributes to them, they are
quite unfit to make laws for women or anyholy
elae, But there Is no nead to resort to h 4 fare
The vote inthe Oregon
Legisiature, though large, wasnotm ich lireer
than the majorities by which other Wastern
States in recent years have deelded to anbmit
the question to the voters. Let the Oregon
legislators be considered honest tilithey are
proved guilty.

Bishop Seesume of Louisiana, who has before
this scandalized some of his lesa progressive
onlieagues inthe Ep seopal Chureh by lia ad-
vocacy of woman anffrage, contributes a very
good aentiment tothe New Year symposium of
the Vew Orleans Times: Democrat, He saya:

“The century which passes wil! stant in hia-
torv as that in which the etruewle between
authority and freedom hes been thought, if not
fought, almost to a finish; and the resuita,
despite all sinister offsets and backsets, show
the principleand practica of freedom, properly
unders'ood, best secure the stability of Institue
tions, and establish a moral and pot & ma-
ter alistic nterp etation of things.”

Mise Kate M, Gordon, leader of the Women's
Sewerage and Drainage League, which did
euch valiant work for improved sanitation in
New Orienus, writes tothe ayme eymposinm:

 

“T wish thit asthe shatows of the diving eycia |

merge intothe dawn of the twentl th century,
the men of Loulaiana, vested th power, will
take steps tocrown wornan with liberty; take
her ‘own from the p destal, but at the sama
raise ber from the degradation of the dis-
franchised to that plane where ahe will atand
as equal in the alight of Gol, man and the law.”
ALICE STONE KLACKWELL,

 

ATCHISON GOOD TO TRAMPS.

Many of the Comforts of a Hotel for Two
Hoars’ Work in the Morning.
From the Kansas City Times,

Aroutson, Kan., Jan. 5.—This town claims
to treat tramps better than any other colty to
the Un ted States and also contends that it has
the hobo better reguiated than any other placa.
It {6 a violation of the city ordinances here for
any one to fee i tramps, They are cared for tn
the City Hall, where specal apartments
have been made for them, and where meals are
served three times aday. When atramps'ops
4 pedestrian on the street and asks for money
with whichto buy food he is directed to the
city building, and box-oar tourists who beg
“hand-outs” at residences are also informed of
the tramp quarters,

The tramp quarters are looked after by the
city jailer, the Polioe Department beingin tha
city building. When a tramp wants lodging

 

 

 

|

he appears before the jaler, registers and la.
posits his btawwage, i ha hasany, in the ofl-e,
ashe would at a hotel He ts eu escorted
into the sleeping room, Around the stleso: the
wal}! are bunks, very much like tourist sleeper
bunks. The banks layers high and |
can accommodate Odgers at one
time, The bunks are fied with ash hay

every night, on which the lodgers sleen, neacy
olwavs, with their on, They
bianketa, which are kept free from ve
in fact, the room ‘8s thorouchly
overy fewdays The floor is of artifle)s

thes

 

st
and is go made that the hose can be turnad on

mes

floor washed clean,
ein the floor
have electria

and the walls, bunks and
andthe water runs theough a ho
into the sewer, The tramps
lighta anda stove and plenty of coal

A newand important adlition to the tramp

  

 

quarters is 4 bathroom with porcelain bathtub |

and hot and eold water, The bathroom ts
heated by steam,and thera in a bad in the
reom in which the Wandering Willia ean lie
down if he is fatigued from the effects of water

‘The meats syrve 1 tothe tramps coat the eity
10 cents each’ and, while there is no pie nor
cake inthe billof fare, th: foo! ia wholesome
and there ts plenty of itand asufllelert variety
to satisfy the appetite, Some kind of meat ta
served with each meal, and alao potatoes, bread
and coffee. The hill of fare often ineludes
pickles, sauerkraut, tomatoes, beans, hominy,
ries, &e. Tf atramp wants a shave he can get

 

 

 
  
 

|

 

arazorand looking glass from the jailer, kent |
for the purpose. The only provision ts that be
must shave himself or get o o! his pals to
shavehim. The Police Department does not

turnish a barber

Io return for lodging and meals every tramp

    

must work two houraon the rock pile, break.
ingup macadam for the streers. Ifa tramp
applies a second time for lov ward ments he

 

must work s x hours on the é vile

 

shows up a third time he is fined forvagraney
and thrown {nto jail forfrom twenty to one hune
dreddays, Li atramp is too dirty he rdered

to take a bath, and if he refuses a charge of va-
grancy is placed against | and he is sen.
tenced to work on (hu streets of thee

e rock pie.
bag He 8 are not taken ¢ of inthis manner
altogether on humane iis, The s
collects the tramps under the eve of the law jor

 

system

 

 

the night, and they cannot commit offences
Those that fear toshow their faces in the Polis
Department are considere | suspictous charac-
ters by the police nndarrestet Tf they cannot

ive a good account o! themselves they are

nod for vagrancy and the authorities ak UD
their reeords Several erocks linve been lis.
covered ag a result of this method ant turned
over to the authorities in towns wherathey are
wanted, Often laborers ara wante!, an { in

 

tramps are informe
During the winte

wes aly

such cases the
they can get works
the number of lodgers ave!
night, Some hoboes must h ve
aud enlisted in thearmy, forthe:
ered at Atehison has been generaily sial
sinee the war with Spain, am
Itis an odd faec that inevery crows of Int
ers will he found very young mena
Men os bigh a3 80 years of

  

  

 
 

nen,

i mes and tramps ev re othe eo ,

cecupied bur ks inthe tramp qua ra od is i“

common thing fo see gray-harred men inthe
Stranve to sey, the number

tramp quarters. ie
of enlore| lodgers is very
the white ones.

One other A

amnall compured to

tehison institution aside 7 ym
sive station MAKES A business Of feeding

andl eg i4 Mount St, Scho isticudl onvent,
This isa Catholic institution, and Crarwys ite
never turned away without food, A new hieh
tion is now being built at the ennvent work)
will cost $100,000, In the new a td tron Will De
constructed atramps room, in whieh ¢t Ald
HiIl be fed, ‘The room willeontain a table anc
chairs, and will be so situated that food can be

banded through @ small
kitchen.

 
   

iifhe |

ty oron |

| Bhuck aws

  

"

POEMS WORTH BEADING,

The Liar of the Links.

Thave been from Maine to Denver and from Denver
to “the ooast,"’
And I've met with many liare great and emall;
I've listened toNew England brag and Minnesota
boast,
And the wildest Western whopper of them all.
But I waat to go on record that tt le my rm belief,
That for quality that never fades nor shrinks,
The uncrowned King of Liars, the General-ta-Chief-—
Ta the gilb and gifted Lier of the Links,

The old familiar lies of mighty deede with rodand
@un,
The trick that caught the treat or killed the moose,
Are eimply brainless bubbles when thie most accom,
plished eon
Of Anauiaa once gete fairly loose,
He will tell you how in driving from the etsth o@
seventh tee,
Bome thirty minates after eet of enn,
Hie ball slipped thro’ the bark upon astippery elm
trea,

Then carromed frem a brench and holed in one,

He will toll yon how in lofting omes his ball went up
#0 high,
It took at least three minutes to come down;
And how be won by twenty holes, and didn’t have
to try
Against the celebrated slasher Brown,
He will also tellof bunke:s high as any mountain
peak
Ovor which he’s sent his ball with deadly aim,
And with manner bold and “brassy” he will Me
about the clock
With which he won the championship geae,

He will tell about the blindfold game he playede
year ago,
When he made hia famous round in Ofty-three;
He will tell how he’s defeated al) the best this land
oan show,
And many famous chape seroes the sea,
In sort, with all respect to other liars here and
there,
Por versatile mendacity, methinks
He stanis slone, unparalleled and quite beyend
coupare,
This monumental Liar of the Links,
KG Wacom

After the Battle,

Prom the London latly News.

Tt was out in the rain and the wind and the groane
I tended ‘he wounded, foe and friend;
Tthoucsht with mreelf that the very stones
Of the wrim veldt-<de,
If they could, woul! have orte
“Doctor! don't touch them; let death make op
end!"

And presentiy, propped by a boulder grey,
Agray and gr ezied old Boer! saw;

Ha whole might hand had been blown aways
But. quiet and calio,
He was res ding & Palm

From 4 blood-stained buok of the ancient Law.

“Make haste and help me,” the old Pealm raa,
“Doliver me) haste to help me, Lord!

Let those wh) seek my hurt toa man
Be put to shame
Thatso Thy name

Be great upon ai] who trust Thy word,”

“ Pooram |, Lori; Thon knoweet bow 1
This lao! shall never bold aickle ton

Lort,« rine |’ wroaned the gray-beard Boers
*Tarry no come
To take ne home!

Lord. haste Thee, and belp me out of thts pein!”

And there, as he prayed 'n the rain and the wind,
Tot ewray ld Boer from the Orange Free State—
The nian who bat fouvht for cattle and kind
With bis eons, and sone
fons leas tian theirenns
To free his land from the men of their hate—

There came at his call to the God of the Pealm
The Helperof helplese af er the fray,
An! his face wrew pale wth a wonderful calm,
And the Paalm-hook dropped,
Ani the blood-tet stopred
And the pain aad the sorrow had passed away,
H. D. Rawneuay.

After one of the late battlee in Natal, an old Boer
waa found badly wounded propped up among come
rouch boulders upon a@ kopje wide hia rifle was laid
idle by him. ant the old man eppeared to be waiting
for death, and was quietly reading hie Bible.)

 

 

  

 

The Song of the "Brag.'’

Prom the Cincinnati Commercial Twtbwna,

Ty ain't no reaper's dronin’ «ong
That sings the death of grain,
And speaks of peavo and Joy's increaae—
A gentle Likes refrain;
Tt rings of vref, iteings of pain,
Ani snus of the death of men
Whose agate eyes, turned to the akties,
Bee things }erond our ken,

  
 

It'aaaonzo’ the rattle
Tha ‘as heardin « batrle
Of men as they lie in the anna,
© men as iie in the ean,
Of meu wh de for the aake of the ffag,
Aw.ld, weird sony of the *latterin’ Krag!

Itain'tno whispered sone of love
That sings the hearc's a Mehe,
Ard t+lis of life with ol a ures rife,
An! aaes no sorrow aenight
Iteines of strife and red- blood Aight
White Cnwers bent a, d dead
Whore sti eoel erasp bolds tm tte alaep
Green turf that’s Unged with red, -

When darkness steals the clare of day,
And frowns o'er hie dome an,

Te eint #night, there in the Aight
Tie Kiara nye ita refrain:
Iteingsin aun, it-ings io Pain,

Tie ngs ‘Cod save the tag!”

And natione hear with

The Yaniee’a singin’ Krag.

It'k sone of the rattle
That's heard tr f
Of men astt
Of men as th
Of men whoct
A wild, weird so

they

 

 

   

 
    

enn,
1 a cheer for fhe flag
¢ of the crackin’ old
Wrearey WK. Hastitom,
Company L, Third United States Infantry.
Barswaa, P, I.

 

Woe Fellere Diggin’ Clams.

From the Lewiston Lventng Journal

Pluck, pluck

Pinck, pinek!
Ftn bin’ ac: «tthe clam-flat mnok!
Ev'ry tine | lift my hucs
--Hoearin’ the bel of my old boot enek,
It ae#ns to me that a word plops out,
And I've latoned so often there ain't no doubt

It luck, pluck, pluck,
kand the job, thee feet es,
my iad, fora while and eee!

 

An tp!
ig clacia
Ite a etididy kind of bus’ness where you have te
nerer boote,
nee ne 20Ote,
*Tain't bad!
Ttein't nh cer pation for the m‘lionatre galeots,
nts) uighty ware, my lad,
vind of business where there ain't ne
rot rdouhbt
| be the profit and jest where you're
mn’ out
For ther: ain't 5 books and ledgers, aad no bothers
in’ wit’ deale
No doi in’ law and lawyers and no stock contrivin’
stoale
Fory i tskea leaky dory anc a basket anda b
And youre fixed for doin’ bus'’ness—ev'ry fellow
hasa show,
When the oid Atlantic Ocean pulls away his ewoshin’

tde
Why,t ank ie there before you and the doors ere
i wide

The flats aro there etarnal and you never find the

   

 

 

Bien
Bayin’ “iiink hae shet up bus’nese—Pree’dent’s
skipped “athe ine,”
ot and weskit, grab the clam-boe's
muddy haft,
And en: id ty gritend muscle you'll get cash on
\ draft

 

 

re

 
 
 

 

beowe there, the clam fist and yer
ny isthe bo:
And aeoon ta are belanced datly by the tide’s
etarnal tow
1 crawlin’ water rube the diggin’

For the climb.n’
lame are fest as plenty when yon eome

 

marks away,
And th

 
   

another day
Andt e-lrey that follers labor kind of smooths us,
asthe ti !
Smo’ stho nickin's on.the clam-flate where our
bus es have pried
So the te are nights of comfort and I mostly
ean t
; Thatt are days of diggin’,—coldand maddy,
lame wet,
| Yet Va rar ave @ backache than « rattled,

|

 

burnin’ brain
And wuess Im fate contented with the clam flats
in Maine,

nkin’?

here

worried critters in the rushin’,

 

! ma
Likely 'n ua’ nigh so happy ae we fellers
liggin’ clams
: , Houmas F, Dar.

Tho Man With the Moe,
THY OTHER sipe,

 

From the Monreal Witness,
the indepenclent man,
won, when Tine was young,
Nataee a uiguard grasp,
r those wh looked to me,
sure subde brains
ions nimberless,
t n et Uverse le
thrones bave risen and gone
it shines or clver than of yore
{by ‘Lubsl-cain

ere Letand
t yen, W

 

   

    

When forge

Ye bookworms pelts

Wher polntatmy stant browan | rugzed bad
| Why won ferat my shoulders bentand wey
When ye pests the Durden of the world
Won sourown fee ne gelves? Grou AtiagL,
hinges bles, mid onaires, all hanson me,
I, aelfeoutt vif, bave needot tuem;
Yoey. ehould T leave them, soon would starve and
a
entincities, look at mae,

opening from 7

treshne sof thevarth

‘ y

   

!
in en lis ound ug woth the song
Bil ivbilen eof Cird and beast—while ye
Jomthe nth o« ie ands ime
For leave t it the beck of wold
) r ingf rome outwhe
Comeout. aot fll Che eaeth’s waete plices aps
Make howling deserts lauch wot) rupaing broeks,
Turn pathless woods toy nu rejoicing flelde

  

Dotthe -astloues me plains with cheerfal home
Work for yourselves—l ve healthily, content,

On youreown lind's productions. Doing thus,

‘Lhe leet curst auarchist will pass from earth,

Barc Duscan,

   

 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS,

 

the derivations of the

ve the kindness to giv
bay F ndon ements, |S avs

ames of the following
arks,” “®t. Mary Axe.”

Thornbury, in “Old and New London,” says that
the Church of St, Mary Axe, which gave {te naire to
the atreet, was called so originally because of a shop
in the street with the eign of an ase, The church
does not exist now, Revie Marke wae originally
Bury'e Marka, the marches or limite of the property
of the Abbots of Bury, So Thornbury says, who
adds that the chanue from Bury to Bevis is not ap?
parent or logical, bat was made just the same,

Wan there ever @ ferry at Seventh street, on the
East River? L L
There seeme not to have been ons

  

1, Can @ Catholic be a member of the O44 Fellows
Boriety and be in good standing in the Church and
receive the sncramenta? 3, Would he have to re-
pounce nem! ership in the socie'y to obtain Cath-
olic burial? Did the Pove mitiate or modify the
condemoation against that society afew ae azo ’

1, Theoretically be can not. 3. Im theory, he
would. 8. We think not.

Can you refer me to a reliable book or bookson
California refern oa particularly to climate of differ.
ent sections ofthe State; aleo as ty orange, vrape
and olive culture in various sections. . wo,

The Pomology Division of the Department of
Agriculture pubiishes reports, bulletine and oircu-
lare on the subject; they are sold at about 15 cents

@copy.

When ae flag ts at half mast how far from the top

of mast or pole should the flag be placed?
Juneer Crrt.

There is no provision tm the regulations on this
point, The flag should be lowered about twice ite
own width, if the pole or staff belong enough; the
flag should never be lowered 6o far that any part of
{t can touch the ground.

Kindly inform me whether prior to the od of
the Franco Prussian war, Marshall McMahon was
known by any other name, aa Mahone, ore varians
ofeime? And if eo, what was hisreason for making
this change?

Marshal MoMahon’s surname wae never changed.

Magen a was the title of bls dukedom.

 

1, What restrictions, if any, are placed by England
on f reign nations trading with India? 3, Does En«-
land wive what she demands in Ch na? 8 Did the
Catholic Church send a representative to the Con-
gress of Keligivnain Chicago, id K

1, None whatever, 2 Yes, 8 We do not know;
there were Roman Catholio congresses under official

direction, however.

In the last war between the Bagtisl and Boers, did
not the Boers defeat the English ewan, N,J.
They did.

Why do prepie persiet iu talking of the Honee of
Ha:esburg? There in no euch family in existence
today, As I understand Anstria fe ruled by the
House of Lorraine, Who {sits ancestor and whrtis
the family name? 3,G.B

The reigning Austrian family {se a part of the
house of Hapaburg-Lorraine. The last real Hape-
burg was Charivs VI, who died {n 1740, Hie dauuh-
ter. Maria Theresa, married Francis, dnke of Lor
raine, in 1734, who teoame Emperor in 1745 ae
Franciel, fhe present Emperor te a decendant of
that marriage. The family name, if there is one, ts
“Habsburyg-Lothringen.”

I have @ landscapes watersolor, by Thomaao Por
Aint, Rome, whioh I think te valuable. It wae
framed in Old « reet, London, which street was ob-
literated a co d many yeare ago. The picture ts
wonder’ally good, Can you give me apy iuforma
tion of the artist? c.0O.M

Pordini's name does not appear in any list of

artiste that we can find,

 

Thave a five-dollar billontheIrieh Repnblio with

the following wording oo ite face; ‘It tsherebs Cer |
tifled that the Irinh Kaynblio is indebted to bearer |

Five Dollars, Redeemable Six Monthe after the
acknowledgment of the ludep ndemee of the Irt-h
Nation at tue Treasury of the Ireh Republic, March
lith, ikea, John O'Mahony, Ament for the Irish
Republic,” What ts its history and ite value,

.

The bill was lesned by the anthorities of the Irish
Re) ahlio, organized in Chicago in 1A¢ and in Cin:
cinpatiin 1865, The orgenization was known also
asthe Fenian Brotherhood, and ts now merged in
the Clau-na-Gael, The bill has no value now,

Did the practice of “bundling” ever prevail in
any portion of the United Kiates, however reetr oted,
to an extent that tt conld properly be ca!
tom" of the peopie? If so, where and at what
time? L. k.

Yes, Lrving, {n his *Knickerbocker’s New York,”

 

apeske of Van Corlear stopping on his way back |

from Boston to New Amsterdam to bundle with the

Yankoe lasses. Thue it wasa Now Engiand custom, |

Itisesid to have been a Welsh custom originally.
Heory R. Stiies, M.D., of Albany wrote a monograph
on Dundlingsomethirty-ons year ago;heascribedthe
custom to the Penosylvania “Dutch.” It seems to
have ex sted only among the orizinal immigrants
and the firet generation of their descendants.

Where are water pipes of uniform strencth con-
peoiel with theaxme reservolr more likely to burst,
opabiliortnuvailey? Why? H

In 4 valley, the preasure is greater there.

Yonr correspondent, HU. Tucker, wants the name of |

the anthor of "The Modern Saint.”
written by Richard Burton,

This poem was
H. B.

 

1, At what time were “The Toma” and the reser
voir, Forty e:oud street. built? Who was the archi-
tect? Are there, or were there, any otber butldings
in New York or other cities of the Cuited States oon-
etucted after the Fgyptian etrle of arch tecture?
What ctroum-tance influenced their being built ip
this pari ulara yle? 2, What ie the te«t gen ral
wok treating of paint pg, sculptureaud ar hite ture
in the United States, from ‘Art in Colonial Times’’
Up to, aay, Isid? M.A. 8S.

The Tombe was built in 1989; the reservoir in
1642, The architect of the Tombe was practically
Robert L. Bievens of Hoboken, who designed the

building from drawings of some Egyptian bulld- |

ings in his poseeasion; James Renwick was the arch-
ftect of the distributing reservoir. Thess were the
best imitations of Ryyptian architectare im this
country; there were uo others of importance.
Stevens got the idea for the Tombs as d. scribed
above; Renwick planned s four-sided dam, and gave
it no further vrnamentation than was necessary, 2.
There iano really good book, Mr, Russell Sturgis
bae edited » bibliography of books on Amerioan art
consult that ata lobrary,

 

O. states that New York city polloemen and fire: |
men are liable to be drafted {nto thy ariny, and that |

ti ey were drafted durtug the Hebeliton. D, says not
Who is rignt’ D. F.

The Dealt act, under which the drafts were made
@urtog the Civil War, did not exempt policemen
or firemen; if another draft act were to be passed,

{timtght exempt them or it might pot, Polioemen |

and fremen were drafted during the Rebellion.

W.H. ¥.-—A woman whose husband is sentenced
to the penitentiary cannot obtain a divorce on proof
of the sentence, If her husband te ‘finally sentenced
to imprisonment for life’’ ehe may marry again,
seeming!y without obtaining a divorce (See Re-
vioed Statutes of New York, Part Il, chapter viil,
title I, section 5).

 

 

J. Foley.—Tho South Bea Company wae an English .

scheme; the bwgble buret in 1719-20, The Mis
sipp! scheme of John Law was Frenoh, and came to
grief about the saine time, Charles Mackay’s ‘'Ex-
travrdinary Popniar Delusions’ describes both of
these “bubbles.”

 

 

 

A.D, Budd.—The Broadway Journal was never
edited by N. P. Willis, it was wtarted by O. I. Briggs
in 1844, edited with himand then alone by Edgar Al-
Jeu Poe; and came to au end ta December, 1545, We
do not know where its publication office was.

G. T. O'B.—The buildings on the west side of
“Greeley Square” are legally on Broadway; their
“accidents” are thors of Sixth avenue, In the
tame way the buildings on the east of * Herald
6yuare” are on Broadway

Constant Reader.—Moeiabers of both houses of the
Transvaal Parliament must be Protestants; other of-
fices seem not to be restricted to Protestants, though
they are restricted to Christians.

B. Buehanan.-You will nave to go for your second

Papersto the court which issued your firet papers, |

with your witnesses, There will be little trouble at

thie time of year.

A. T, P.—Mr. Bryan was the Lead of the contest
ing delegates from Nebraska to the National Demo-
cratic Convention in 186, and was seated by the
convention

H, Alsberg.—The fastent torpedo-boat destroyer tn
the British navy te the Express, of 88-knot speed.
The Chinese have four destroyers of 82 knots.

G. H, Greenman.—Check atamps, required by the
act of June 40, 13%4, were abolished by act of
March 8, 1883 after July 1 of that year.

W. &, Settle.—-The State Lispsctor of Ons Maters bas
his office tn this city, he hasadeputy in Buffalo and
saother deputy in Albany.

&, @, Z.—Rosa Nouchetto Carey—that ts her real
Deme—'s still alive. She lives in London,

and is pronounced Chil-ly-koth-y

J.C. B.—Tho United States practically subsidize
the Amertean | ine of steamships.

W, A. T.—No part of New York city te in Weet-
eshester county,

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.

led a “cus |

pee gen

 
  

POLITICIL NOTES

The Fasion Popullets are considering the project
of holding a national convention in Indianapolis in
the month of June. June will be the convention
Month in 1900,

The reinstatement by County Clerk Bohmer of the
two Ninth diatrict employecs who were removed by
him in consequence of the Sheehan-(oodwin con:
troversy in that district restores political relations

| which were begun by the eelection of Mr, Solhmer
ae chairman of the Tammany General Committes,
and were thought by many to be likely to culminate
in the nomination of Mr, Sheehan for Mayor by
Tammany Hall io 1wyT,

 

Benator Allison of Iowa ts the senior'Senator from
that Btate not only in the lenyth of hieservioe, which
began in 1478 and bas continued consecutively ever
since, but also in the duration of Lis present term
in the Senate, which does not expire until 1y08, Sen.
ator Allison te not, however, the senior Senator in
point of years. for hie colleague, Benator Gear,
whose term expires in 1001, is four yours older and
willat the time his eucceseor is to be chosen be
74 years of ace, |p argument used in Op
Position to his return by many espirants, lowe ise
staunchly Republican State, It baa been Kepublt
can since the establishment of the party, and al-
| though Republican candidates bave occa jonally
been defeated in it and though there have been
Demor ratio Governors elected, there bas never been
@ Democratio benator sent from Iowa to Washing:
ton and the chances of theelection of one are very
poor, senator Gear was born at ithaca, N. Y.; Ben-
ator Allison jean Ohio man. Iowa hae now for the
fret time a Speaker of the House of Representatives,

 

The total number of paid employess of the New

6,000 are directly connected with Albany depart
mente, and a majority of these reside in Albany,

In 1808 the venerable Massachusetts town of
Balem voted againstthe granting of liquor licenses
within {ts boundaries. In the election of December,
18¥y, it voted the other way: 2,057 for license and
2,920 againet =

There are sixty-two lawyers inthe present Legis
lature, less than one-third of the membership of the
two houses which is 200, 60 in the Senate and 150
in the Assembly,

meeting in Washington fixed the representation of
the Territories in the next National Conveution as
follows: Six delegates each for Arizona, New MMex-
feo, the Indian Territory and Oklahoma, and four
deleyates fr Alaska.
torial delezates to the National Convention of either
politi al party ts based upon the theory that having
representatives in Congress they sbould be repre-
; Sented in National conventious, too, The fact ts
| that resident. of Territories have no vote on Pres!

dent. They have no Presidential electors and their
Representatives in Congress are not authortved or
permitted to participate in a canvase of the Presi-
dential vote by the States, Why, therefore thy
should have representation in Nat o al conventions,
except aaa matter of harmless courtesy, 1a a que®
tion which has long remained as unsolvable asthe
identity of the citizen who, accosting William Pat-
tere on on the atreet, struck him, withont revealing
his own identity.

The burnivg of the Svracuee Alhambra, in which

have been held—the last was the convention which
nominated Van Wyek for Governor tn ik*+—will
probably have the effect of eliminating Syracuse
from the nuinber of convention cities hereafter,

A notable feature of the present applications filed
for appointment to the New York pol ow force Is the
emall number of clerke among the candidates,
There ie # smaller number than at any previous
time in the history of the Police Department. It is

in the weneral demand for clerical help in ordinary
business and the uncertainties attending police ap-
pointments under the present civil eervioe system,

The Democrats of Louisiana have oompleted their
Btate ticket, at the head of which {s the present Audi-
tor of the State, Mr, Heard, for Governor, They
have renominate | the preeent Secretary of State and
the present Superintendent of Public Instruction.
They have approved the amended Constitution
whereby more than halfof the voters of the State
are deprived of suffrage and they make no allusion
| to any nationa) issues and devote themselves wholly

to State affairs, The Louisiana election will take
placein April, and there is no present indication of
any strenuous opposition to the Democratio ticket
by the Republicans, who are very tally dividedt.to
two factiona) groups. In the Republican National
Convention of 140", eleven of the Louisiane dele
gates gav~ their eupportto Mr McKinley and fireto
other candidates, a larger proportion of the total
vote for other candiJates than as cast in any other
Southern State.

Inthe opinion of many Democrats the factional
differences letween the eupporters of Harnmaon
and the advocates of Altwrld in the city of
Chicago will operate to exclude that city fromm con-
sideration by the Democratio National Committee
when it meets on Feb. 22¢t: Aix the timeand place
for holding the National Convention of 1v00, Ithas
almost come to bea accepted as an unwritten lywin
American polities that where local fact onal differ
ences Cistract @ party in any city and menace ite
control in favor of the rival party, such city {eto be
| disregarded in respect to convention purposes,
| Biate or national
|

 

Tho total nomber of em iloyess of municipal de-
partments in thie city {9 84.000, and the Department
of Street Cleaning, which has 8,800, employa twice
as many asthe Departmento? Public Charities, whioh
bas 1,000, :

An important element of the voting population of
the cosmopolitan city of Buffalo 1a composed of the

| Polish votera. A nuimnber of the-@ who are Repulll-
| cans met reoently at Sucbomski's ball and elected
W, Kioeka, Frank Kalabowaki, A.J. Rybarezyk and
John Szymezak ae offloera of their
They are preparing for the contest of Lvov,

 

 

|

|

The State of California, now perhaps the closest
|

sontatives in the Fifty-sirth Congress, but, notwith-
stan ling the evenness of the division between ths

cans and only one ts @ Democrat, In the Preai-
dential ecection of Tse the contest between the two
Partics was eo clone that the ele tors were divided,
| Mecainley receiving 8 votes and Bryan 1. Iutha
| Presidential election of 18%92 the Repnblican
| plurality was less than 150 votes, and #o close was
| the State that Clevelan| received @ of the electors

and Harriaou 1

as-aumed that the explanation of this is to be found |

of the larser States of the country, has seven Repre- |

two parties, siz of these Congressmen ara Republi. |

California divided tts electors in |

{

|

 

ia ve €

|
|

|

The plan of admitting terri- |

|

| graphical
in recent years political oonventi ne in that city |
' officer of volunteers, of course there could have

j

|

 

York State Government {+ 9.921, of whom fully | Peeects the greatest of

Rew Publications.

 

 
 

 
    
 

Hew Pudlications,

AR ee

 

 

“The ont la not merely historical. It has a deeper aim, that o
demonstrating the endur.ng value of the moral simplicity wh
underiies the highest humanity,'’’—-BOOK BUYER.

VIA CRUCIS

A ROMANCE OF THE
SECOND CRUSADE,

By F. MARION CRAWFORD, 53RD THOUSAND. $1.50.

“ Blessed is the book that exalts, and Via Crucis mert's that deatitude.”

“Via Orwois ... astory
of great power and
force, brilliant and
strenuous, sweeping
the reader along by sheer
strength and vividness of
the narrative.”— Brooklyn
Kagle,

“Strong and brilllant.—
Journal of Education.

“The latest and tn some

his novels."—The Pilot,

Boston, ture stories,

“His latest romance ts
one of the best, if not the
very best of his stories,
. « « We confess to hav-
{ng sat up late Into the
night reading this book
and ite charm { still on
A magnificent
romance.”—Independent,

1A CRUCIS must be reck-
oned among Mr. CRAW-
FORD'S strongest pro-
ductions, whether considered as
a romance, a historical novel, or
a character study of the most
unusual kind; and it is no weak
impression that is left by the
closing words, which point out
the true “Way of the Cross” as
in men’s souls, and the glory of
Christ’s resurrection as in the
saving of a soul.
gloomy sermon; rather one of
its author's most brilliant adven-

Though the number of copies
sold is by no means a reliable
criterion of the worth of a book,
it is interesting to n®te that
eiht editions of 5,000 each
were exhausted as many weeks
after publication, and that the
one now on sale is the fifty-third
thousand of VIA CRUCIS.

—THE TIMES’ SAT. REVIEW,

“Via Oructs . . , cotmes
on the {magination and
fascinates the readen”
—Philadelphia Press,

“Yor color, emotional fre
tenaity, vitality and tndl-
viilual action, and charm of
style, Mr. Crawford ane
questionably oxeoels
every other living writer
of prose romanoe,”—-Chée

Yet it Is no ease Deep Oran

“The freshness, the
verve, the love of combat.
the cumulative enthaalasm
that will ever make Soott's
roinances of sustaining ine
terest for the English
reader are all present io
Via Crucis, But there is
much more.”—Commerciad
Advertiser, New York.

THE MACMILLAN COMPANY, Publishers, New York,

 

LAWTON IN THE CIVIL WAR.

ONCE DRILLED HIS REGIMENT WHILE
AWAITING BATTLE,,

It Waa at the Battle of Franklin, Tenn.,
and His Men Were Raw Recruite—When
the Picketa Were Driven in He Stopped
Drilling Promptly and Went to Shooting.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.—Concerning Gen

Lawton's career in the Civil War only the most |

vague generalization has characterized the bio
sketches which followed bis death.
As an enlisted soldier and subaliern volunteer

been no very important events to record, except
perhaps such as would fllustrate hie eoldierly
traits. His name appears in the official records
of the rebellion only after he rose to a captaincy

and as such was Acting Assistant Inspector |
It |

General, or commanded @ regiment, in 1864
appears from the printed recouds that Capt Law-
ton handled his regiment with signal ability
throughout the operations to repel the Tennessee
Invasion of Gen. Hood In the fall of 1664. Hie
regiment was the Thirtieth Indiana Infantry,
and belonged to the Third Brigade, First Divie
fon, Fourth Army Corps This division alone
captured soine twelve hundred prisoners and thir
teen pieces of artillery at the battle of Nashville.

| Gen. Nathan Kimball, the division commander,

speaking in his official report of the splendid
behavior of the toopa writes these specific
words of praise:

“To the bravery, energy and ekill of their off-
cers and men this division ts greatly indebted for
its success incharging theenemy’s works, Penn
sylvania, Olio, Indiana, Illinois and Kentucky
may well be proud of such sons, their representa
tives in the nation's army. ‘The honor of those
States and the welfare of the nation will ever be
safein their hands when led by such noble chiefa
as Bennett, Suman, Smith, Rose, Moore, Yeo
man, Evana, Morton, Wood, McDonald, Tassin,
Northrup, Humphrey, Hicks, ‘Taylor, Mathey,
Jamison, Pollard, Cunningham and Lawton.”

These naines are mentioned {n the order of thelr |

official seniority, and disclose that at that date

| Lawton was the Junior officer of all the twenty
| regimental

commanders in the division He
was then three months under 21 years of age.

Capt. Lawton’s brigade commander, Gen
William G rose, had this tosay in his official report
of the same battle of Nashville,

“The regimental commanders Col.
Col. Rose, Col. Suman, Lieut Col. Morton, Major
‘Taylor, Capt. Lawton and Capt. Cunningham,
with thetr officers and men, have my grateful
thanks for their willing obedience to orders, their
brave and efficient execution of every duty upon
the battlefield and during the campaign.”

Owing to the able management of the brigade
and division commanders in this great

| the losses of the troops were comparatively hicht

ofanizauon, |

considenng the
tained) The bricade to which Lawton's regli-
ment belonged captured on the two days’ of bat-
tle seven of the thirteen guns secured by the entire
division, and 641, or more than half of the prison-
ers, The Thirtieth Indiana was very much
reduced in etreneth about this period, and Capt,
Lawton carried inte action in the seven companies
composing it probably not to exceed 250 men,
and perhaps even less than that number

But no better or more «
ton's military character and cooiness in a
can be found than in his own concise and soldierly

crisia

| report of the operations of the Thirtleth Indiana

} in the battle of Frank lin

1880 also, when the Democratio plurality was oniy |

100 votes.

Louts 8, Posner has been appointed stenographer

| of the Fifth Ju ficial District Civil Court by Henry
M. Goldfogle, who has been for twelve years a Jus-
tice, and in recognition of whose services the mem.

bers of the bar practising tm this conrt resenuy |

regard.

The American Political Loague,a new organization,

fis to havea national convention in Bostonon JInily |

4. It will be the only convention Boston will have
ani the only ono that the American Political League

| united in making @ presentation as a mark of their
wilhold

State Senators aro to be elected [1 New York this year
for the first time ata Presidential a: lasa
Presidential election in Now York is traditionally
| one in which the full Republican vote
eounties comes te the polls, many Senators who
adopted a somewhat independent «

niest

urse in the aes.

sion of a vearagoare looked upon this year as certain |

to align themee)vee with the party organizati
ticularly such as are Jooking fora Republi

D, par.
ah nom-

ination. Practically all the cities of the State north
of the Harlem River line have now Republican
Mayors or Mayors elected with the adof the R

publican vote, Practically all the counties, with
the single and important exception of Sehoharte,
\ give Republican majorities eps, Of course, such
} as are in the metropolitan district

Under these circunistances, a Democratio noming
| tlou for State Senator in the year when @ President
| ia to be voted for is not accounted of much advan
| tage ammons pol ticians, and the turning down ofa

 

Kepublean Senator for the non nation ¢
fa about equivalent to his retirement

Among the appropriations proviled for by the

elty in the budget of 100 is $10,000 for the counts

  

j conting ot fund of New York, §5 > for Ringe
$10,000 for Gueans ant $1,500 for Rehwond, For
| the expenses of the Board of City Her rl of Quecns

for printing, stationery and blankbooks $4,000 bos
j be o Sppropriated, and $5,500 haw been appro:
prated for & like purpose in Richmond and $22,550

in Kings.

The salary of theGovernor of Kansas is $5,000
the Governor of Nebra ks receives ouly 82.500, The
Secretary of State of Kansas receives $2,500) the
Secretary of State of Nebraska receives only #2000
Kansas is a State of 600.000 voting population,
whereas Nepraska has 100,000 fewer ¥ 6 and une
ttl the appearance of Bryan the influenceot Ne-
draskain American politics was less then that of any
other State of similar population and lke area,
Kansas bas ten electors; Nebraska has eight

the tuterior |

 

¢f his party |

|

two weeks before that
of Nashville, It will be remembered that Gen.
Schotield’s Hitte army was in desperate straits
while retreating from the Tennessee upon Nash
ville before Hood's euperiot forces pursning rap-
idly, By
corps arrived at Franklin ahead of Hood, but
federates that he was com-

 

so close were the Cr

pelled to face about and fight a defensive batie |

to cover the withdrawal of his trains and artillery

th River

across the Harpe

After being put 'n position to meet the enemy,
{t{ appears that Lawton, whose regiment was
made up of new reerults, unconcernedly set about

 

| drilling them while waiting for the battle to be
joined upon the arrival of the Confederates, Under
such extracrdinary circumstances this may be

safely assumed to have been the only occurrence
of the kind during the whole war As Lawton's
ividly brings out some of the

insight

reportis short, arn

events of the battle besides giving us ar

to his personal characteristica in the fleld. it is |

inserted in full

Hrapavartrns Trintrere Isptana Votrererea, |
NASHVILLE, ‘Teun,, Dec, 5

5, late |
Lieut, F. Busgham, A. A. A. G., Third Braade,

      

  

  

 

 

   
 

 

  

 

Sta: Ineormplance with (netructions I have the |
honore pu i " regi ht 4
the aetiona 1 b.ont "
Ler, [Mt averyirvegular march all might I
arrived with th i ade Third) at Franklin at at
KAM the i fost: was formed on irrewular
order, aud th arins «tacked remaiued long enough
ti prepare Dbreal teat, Abew DIA. Mo wewer moved
to the rig ort western portonof theeity, and
were formed by Ger. Go 6, commanding brigade,
inline o bart My pooat was dn toe froat bine
joined o1 ht be the Seve:t teh dines {
On thelett Bat ff th dndiena soir ail
ine halal 1 non th t ofthe live, and
Waahow rfrone Al neof wo ka
wis astructed, and by 4P, M
wae n

My 1 being eomy moativr of new
levaesor binenandentirel Horantoftue
useofarn ' { ! fear have ail aie
time piv rid nee Werth whem the wor
were ine | foro mg forthat pitpose, w n
the piese* ono tay fromt commonest f uy
rapidly, a thetime [ had formed behind tho
works were fiven in by a echarce of the ene
? fei in @botely im muy frontand
pel ed me to hold my tire f + Purpose of saving
ny own ' Tievenemy reece vet an ead
very destyuc er fromthe Nath loba
right of ¢ line, whieh heeve bin nn) the pck-
eta get under co er of tie works hen Tinime-
darlyopenes tupon him. Tie two tres soon became
too hotan | he Was con led to fall ba ko whieu he
dil ia nabierable diorder Pi kets were again
fentoutin front and kapt 1 yw fire, but
Were notaganmdriventn, Heavy ft ig, however,
Was done outhe left, b tm roituaud had ne part
and nothin further occurred until 2 o'eloek that
Divht. when oceiine was withdriwp and L moved

with the brigade across the river without further
Wolestation
The losses sustained by my regiment were as fol

Bennett, |

battle |

Iniportant military resulta ob- |

lear exhibition of Law. |

0 hard night's march Schofield's two |

|

 

Jowa: Private John Ottman, killed; Privates Btephem
Veo Camp, Julina Boros, Janes Simmone, Adan
hamiu er and Pollina Morris, Couwpany Cy
wounded, Themen above named, except the last,
were all new 60.d.ers, and were not yet aeskcned to
oom panes

The condvot of both offcers and men wea good
withont exception, and ther have my seruee
thanks for the prowptness with which they
their part. Very recpe: tfully,

H.W. Lawton,
Captain, Comd’g Thirtioth Ind, Vola.

Althouch then under 22, this report and the
very evident grasp he bad of the requirementa
of the situation in face «f an advaming enemy
show that Lawton was already @ man of mature

Judgement and calm equipoase, burher search
| of the records discloses that Capt. Lawton was
Acting Assistant Inspector-General of the Third
Ibricade, birst Division, Fourth Army Corps,
dunng Sherman's Altanta campaign This
was prior to his assuming command of the regi-
ment, and is further evidence that, young as he
was, Lawton had already developed = military
talent, loved the profession of arma and was
theroughiy appreciated by his superiors

The Army Register and other official data of
the kind uni/ormly recite that Lawton was pro»
moted to be Lieutenant-Colonel on Nov, 15, 1564
This cannot, on the face of it. be reconeled with
the official records quoted above. Itis clear tha®
he did not esercise that rank until some time after
thatdate. When promoted itis probable his come
mission was dated back to Nov. 15, oF possibly
that it was delayed in its delivery. At any rata
as indicated above, throughout the Frankline
Nashville campaign in November and December,
1564, Lawton was in command of his revimen
with the rank of Captain. His superiors, as will
be observed, speak of him during this period ag
“Capt. Lawton, commanding,” &c His offictal
trep ttof Dec. 5, herein quoted, te eigned “H. W.
Lawton, Captain comman ‘ing Thirtieth Indiana ®
aniasubsequent report of his operations at Nase
ville is dated Jan. 2, 1865, nearly a month later,
and this «liso is siened “H. W. Lawton, Captain
commanding Thirti th Indiana Infantry.” He does
not appear in the records as a Lieutenant-Colonel
until Feb. 28, 1865, but he had been tmustere
as of that ran’ several weeks previously. OF!
course, all this is of no very great conrequence,
nevertheless it is interesting because it is trust
worthy andrelates toso distinguis) ed aman

It may be said, however, that Lawton was ene
titled ty rank asa uterant-Colonel long before
his actusl promotion as the senior officer in the
command. The ernlanation of the del” ¥ in com-
missioning him to thet rank is as follows: On
Sept. 20, 1864, all the officers and men of the Thit-
tieth Indiana were mustered out of the arrvice, exe
cept those who had ree listed as veterens, ang
such re sas had Joined from time to time,
T e Col Lieutenent-Colonel, five Ce ptains,
eight Lievtenants, Surweon, Assistant Surgeom
and Chaplain were thus mustered cut on the exe

vation. theirt) ree veers’ term ofservice. Thie
fet Lawton the senior Captain in the regiment.
Amone others, he hed remained in the service to
“eee itout” Botthere were not a sufficient num-
ber of these veterans and hold-over_recruits to
entitle the regiment, uncer the War Department
restrictions, toa field officer, an l‘orafew months
Lawton continued to command it aa a simple
Captain Subsequently more recru ts and drafted
men were sent on, and in due course Lawton se-
cured his much-coveted promotion Tf the regte
ment had been thus recrulted up to fts maximuns
Lawton would have been made a full Colonel,
It was his mi fortune, and that of mony othe?
brave officers during the lasttwo yearao! the ways,
to be deprived of 'icher rank which they had
earned) ft) e necessities of th e Government whicl
compelled i¢ tothus economize

 

 

 

     

   

   

ONE MAN’s PIPE MUSRUM.

After Personally Testing Many He Thinks
the Briar Root Is the Best.

 

| From the New Haven Evening Register
Dr. Leuis B. Bishop of 77 Whitney avenne
has one of the moat remarkable collections of
pipes inthe world. The collection represents
several years’ laborand it inc!udes alinost every
rm of pipe extant. Pipes that have soothed the
nerves of the Mohammedan tn faraway More
roco lia besilethose whieh have oflviated at
the peace ‘es ofthe American Indiag
! and the unpretentious corn eob or elay
Mr. Bishop, during hia travels abroal and ta
this country, has picked up the pipes in
ent places and under d fferent eirenmsiances
and there are some rare and costly speeiniens.
The unique collection has been exhibited
| previously to friends and the owner has
smoked almost all of them to satiefy himsolf
of the Individual merits of exch, Dr Bishop
told a reportera few days agothat after testing
from his large collection the briarwoo! is the
best after all
Almost every one is familiar with ta longe
atommed comforters that are closely identill
with Germans and Germany and of these thera

 

 

yer
liffere

 

       

 

      

 

are guite a larga number in Dr. bishop's
eolleetion Thera are others that me
| from Austria, italy. Turkey and France
Some of the pipes dreoverone hundred years
old and faa renmvar well-preserved stute,
notwithstanding thetr The Austins use
Atmore elabornt i w outfit th wr
people, some of the pipes coming tro hat
country bait ‘hiymounted and carved, In
Veniow Dr tt p procured an old-fesotoned
sign belonging to atot hist with carvings
upon the ts lustrating the legend of the
beven hunters afrerthe har
One of the most interesting In the tot isa
nipetound in Aluska. The stem ie i of
ynes ofan animal with an old spoo! serving
} as a howl
j In atdition to the pipes the owner of this
| Variegated collection baa agrest mar Mgue
land egaretta holders that came from ti: s

of the wor

 

   
   
   
   

 

12-14 West 27th St.

    

 

    
       
     
 

pressevery wotnan who fa ret

wu ad with ¢ a busta sal
yj tieth Is a nt veil b ; t vLiehw

geeat au os, with ¢t fact th.t our

pricesar he lowest | that o ware
ments al fhoest manatee tals

the yved cloths, pot t,

fonit aren y the

tekilicl MEN te ‘in
ea, All ga tuente cape
witeed toll perfecty

Ladies’ Tai'or-
made Suits,

 

      
     
   
   
 

Alik ined througboat, and
! f th ery
imported $¢
regular
wh ju to $00;

   

apova

Storm Suits

Yor Golf or Street Wear, to

| *20

      
  

atvlos of reveret-
be clothe, regu
lar price, 824 to
945, bere, special,