!

 

   
   
  
  
  

      
   
        
       
   
    
  
 
  
      
     
       
     
    
   
    
    
  
   

    
      
 
 
    
   
  
   
 

<2.

 

  

 

|

Ie

 

 

ee me

 
   
 
 

 

 

CLAN OF WHITE DUCK LAKE.

TEXAS NATIVES BAR AN Y INTRUDER
PKOM SHOOTING THERE,

 

Ate Wildl Celery Growth Attract the Canvas.

backs Ovply One “Outsider Ever
Known to Break Down the Barricade
of the Natives: Bil Martn’s Victory,
LA Poni, ‘Tex, dan 13% In this: part of

the middle Gulf coast of ‘Texas, cut off from the

gen by a barrier of land four miles wide, yet con

 

 

nected with salt water by a navigable arm lies
“Whi Duek Lak socalled by local inhabi-
tanta because of (he swarnaof canvasbocks Which
feed unon ive wild celery growths for threa months
fn t vear Itis seldom thateo deep and wide
and landioeked a body of ocean ts found, Ttis
Met near any town, ner are there any houses
Upon its brit Indeed. its ocean devel and the
Open manner of iis expesure lo sors from the
West Iidies make tt au undesirable place of
residence hace Tndianela was extirpated) by
@ tornado some years ago, Texans have been

ry about startig new towns within reach
@f the Gulf wu lhere is no telling at what
moment a cucen might Mid the rollers rushing
through the street and himself far out upea the
howling waste withoniy an“excelsior mattress and
e thin blanket between tum and the locker of Davy
Jones The f 4 down in Galveston, whose
tallest point is enght tectabovehigh tid talk nobly

notwilustanding.
four miles

@neuga, but they are nervous

White Duck Lake us seven niles long by

wide andin place it is popularly supposed te have
ne bb » ftis hot on the average, more than
Afwent leep, and fifteen feet to a canvasback

 

hes toakingh Some
Agets up on this basin, but the
bunters in their puduyy flat-bottomed boats rarely
mind | have the chance of @
Straight run before the wind to a shor’ net more
noteare about

ta ne deeper than sixit slier

mes an uly

 

Lley alwass

than three miles away and they do

 

epray, sinee being wet is thelr normal condition,
It is bitterly cold work im the sudden northers
whieh send the mereury down 70 degrees
fn an hour, but exch of them carries a half

Pise minutes after
own their gul

sleep on an

pint bottle of pepper sauce:
they have poured the tery
lets they are ready
lee berg

White Duck |

to suip and go to

ake hunters are the only people

 

in this state able to drink pepper sauce neat
It is of record ratuolthem, wearsing of the
monowny of si { came once Ww Laporte

 

 

 

     
 

 

when it contained only a blacksmith shop and
and a sivall weneral sre. Lt was “local option”
hereabouts the and they were disappotuted
in their quest of tanglefook ‘They did find,
however, upon ai upper shelf of the store two
dozen bottles of some fakir's hair renewer, war-
ranted wo grow a suit of golden silk tresses
on an old billard ball ‘This stull was made
of coconaut oi) and aleohol, in the proportica
of one part oil to nine parts of spirit, ‘The oil
bad coagulated and formed a thick paste under
the corks and below it the alcohol showed muddily
They knocked off the top of the bottles, these
men of might, and drank the liquor, geting &
rare combination of taste andeifect. They wreeked
the blacasmuUs slop imuiediately and tien walked
@u of way back ther camps, having fe
@otlen Weir horses, bul aoe of em died

ALL winter long th are from fifty to ¢ hun
dy otu wsou the iake. Bullalo bayou, @

“an ale for (ll boats, runs from bious

to the poaas ge withina quarter mile, aud

  

 

 

 

h day a small tug goes up and down, stop
ping for lie Ka sui pt tos. At Houston the
birds are expressed wo hern cities While
the hunters are separated into wangs of four or
five and bold little mmunton with one another,
they form a close rporation and are banded
Against culsiders GenUemen gunners who go
to White Duck Lake are in for a Lard ume,

   

   

 

lesa their party is are tuat it nay set ene
mies at defiance say hot less than ten men
aevermined fight t wa lo Sportal neces
sary Mem bers { ! smaller mpany will
find their d violen or destroyed, their boats

‘rows dined in their favorite
sus gous otfat unex pected

camp. If they resist,
‘s*ives, of remonsuate,

up and get, they run

Stove liath
Bhool ng Waters a
might t
or allenipt lo p
or do anything

  

Urs about ba
otect t

scept get

    
 

 

 

an ewellent cuance to be ug small shot
out of themselves for six mi is aft urd \f
frays have been many in the past and more than
one fatality bas resi 1. but of late yeais things
have run more sm hiy liis is tot due to
efforts of the officers, who he pad no atten

    
  
 

f the

Gmaleur si

* professionals,

tera have given

tion atall tot
bul to the fact

 

VSLOSS

 
   

 

   

 

 

 

    

    

 

 

 

   

  

   

    

 

 

     

     

 

 

 

 

 
  

   
 
   

a

 

Martin found a lot of ewaybacked
apparently from the neighboring

, and uncurried, which ran so
‘The
but

in its result
monstrosi lies,
ranches, grassfec
fast that they ruade a humming noise,
‘Texans were @ juileloss gang in seeming,

invariably his jormes get off at the tail of the
bunch, or were pockeled before they had rn
200 yards, or were serouged against the rat

or were cut down in the stretch, ‘The ‘Texan
bookmakers regularly chalked up his entries a9
100 to } shots, and nobedy fancied them at that
price, ‘The ‘Texan crowds danced along the fal's
inv and yelled in staceato fashion as hin ured
gallopers hopped past, Now and then a Texoa
Judge came down from the stand, poked a large
Moustache within three inches of Martins face
and asked him if he thought “these here tiles of
apeed and joduruns were pede strun matehes,
aul He could not “wet newt” Other owners
would drink with hin, but would net dicker

“Whe'd we let you tu?” they queried, not with
out reason ‘We've got you beat to & consump=
tive whisper, an) your moneys as gen an Ally
other money.” Martin began at San Antonto
and ended at Fort Worth, Tle had pulled down
one purse of 676 fora mile and an eighth dash,
his opponents, through amisunde mtanding, lave
ing filed to etary “This,” he sald to the } ehey
witha wan amile, “isnot the cineh itlooks. Ram
be is certain to bang bla left hind hoof behind hia
rightearand break his hack in three places; but
wid tim along anyhow.” Time 2 18 flat,
Cheers and a selvo of six-shooters from the grand
stand, where sat a cominittee from the Texas
skuptachina, which bad come over from the cap
itel to investigate a railway and he Idoup the presi-
dent fora wine supper, Martin paid his foekey,
bought him a ticket to New Orleaas, and put bis
string of space Cevourers inte: @ pr ture ateso
cents a head a month “You needn't be skeered
any o' my hoya is goin’ to use them crowbaita 0
vourn,” sald the ranchman, os he pocketed the
first month # fee in advance “We ain t got no
cows roun' here they could keteh,

The viedm, however, wes resourerf! 1 He had
$500 and his 10 gauge. In Luke Shorts faro
emporium he meta man who teld him about W hite
Duck Lake, [It was earty in December He
wrote to Chicago dealers, and contracted to deliver
them 1.600 pairs of canvashacks at 82 a pair
New York men gave hin” contract for 2,000 pairs
at S225 a pair Naturally, he did not expect to
kill 7,000 ducks, but his guiding adage had been
always, “Bet ‘em high Also he figured, in his
own “horseman” fashion, that the New York peo
ple would get 4.000 birds if be ecwd furnish them,
and the Chicas people could have the remainder,
if there were any remainder fie went to Galves
ton and chartered for S100 an + Id schooner whicn
Jay rotting atthe wharf She had a half comple
ment of sails and a rudder that squeaked like a
rusty-hinged barn door but she was of deep
draught and watertight. He packed her hold
with tee from the factory, put a foot of sawdust
over it, hired four shooters, Who had become drunk
ut of serson and consequently discouraged, got
aged a negro cook,

 

  

 

two skiffs and tive tanks, er
Inid ina large stock « f proviste ns decoys, per,
shot, wads, empty shells and a cou ile f loading
outfits, did not forget three well-filled jugs fer

 

rheumatiom or snakes and set sail, dead broke,
buteonfident. The weather yasas mild asthatofa
Northern June, the sea surface was only eriokled
and the bluff howed “Last Chance” drifted down
the eoast happily Martin's men were as rr ugh a
lot as could be found ina summer days mare
They had been run off White Duck Lake the year
before. and, when told whither they were bound,
rinned and said they were game,
orihe ae tenched the lake in three dars, and
came to anchor atthe end near to whieh is Buflalo
Bayou, Itwasso cloee that they could hear pains
ly the snorting of the little tug on its daily
runs, The schooner was 300 yoris out from
land. The tanks were set, the decoys put out
and work began. Each morning Martin rowed
twocf the men to their Minds ana the negro cook
rowed the other twe Meeting at the little stip,
ne boat was tied and the cook rowed Martin to @
tank All dav the five men shot) An hour be-
fore sunset ¢& ering the game was begun It
lasted often until after dar! On the second day,
juet at sunrise, Martin had a visit'r, a lanky
native, with a gun, whe ballced from the Lank
and wanted to talk The clief went ashore alone
and asked him whathe wanted, The fellow seid
that he wanted him to “gitoutan’ git agitun
Marin punched him_on the nose, knocked him
Jown, jumped on his face with his boot heels and

threw his gun into the | Next mornine five

 

  

 

 

 

“ke

of them came and cursed the schooner men fer baif
anhour. Martin had some wire cartridges loaded
with No. 6 He got into a beat, rowed half-way

mave the muzzle a slight
Phat right a Win
ie water from the
mast. It was a

to the shere, stopped
elevation aud peppered them
chester buliet whizzed over t
shore and buried itself in the
warning

In the morning Martin took up all of his de-

coys, kept his men on board and set sail for a

 

 

tour of the le When he sow a tank with a
shooter in tt he hove to, terrorized him with his
force, whacked him on the head with an oat

a run muzale or al yihing that came hat dy
took his decoys and dead birds and sailed aways
He yistied nearly all of them during the day and |

  

that night he inade a bontire of the cap ired de
They sent him a note by a very small
black boy | It bore a scrawled skull-and-cross-
bones in’ purple pokeberry. juice and the line,
"Yure Blud Bee 7 Hed." greed: “lew
Klux K " Said Martin: “T! may beat
Rambo, White Peart, Molly Bawn and all the
rest of my akates bere, but they can't beat me”
Leaving the negro cook on guard with instrue
tions to shoot any man ina boat who approached
the schooner and refused to stop, he t his foui

Coys

    

 

  

   

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

    

 

 
      

   

 

HE CURES THE BEWITCHED,

poctok” WHO DEALS
CONDITIONS,

 

A “wiTcH
WITH ACTUAL

Knows There Are No Such Things as Witches
-People tin Eastern Peunsylvanta Be.
lieve In Them and This Man Stopes Their
Hysteria—Recent Kemerkable Cane,

Reaping, Pa, Jan, 18.--Another case of so-
called witehery has just become koown here,
Probably itis the most unusual affair reported in
several years in eastern Pennsylvania, but the
“witch doctor” who effected the cure Waves away
all inquirers, saying

“No, no; | Want bo notoriety
ing abouts it LT want no adverising
enough to do==too much, an fact!”

Coming so clase upon the revelation made to
the Berks County Medical Society through Dr
Bertolet's paper, this development Urows all
others intheshade. In the first place, the stalwart
witch ductor says that he has nothing whatever
to do with the many cases of so-called witehery
referred to in the society's paper by Dr. Bertolet
The witch doctor says that pulling calvas bags
on the breasts of nervous or hysterical girls is the
work of “small fry" fortune tellers, who get their
hints from a modern “fake” book on witeheraft
that is published in the West. The contents of
this book, Says the doctor, are made cup of clap-
trap recipes, having absolutely no connection
with the “black art” books printed in Germany
acentury ago, many of which are still in existence
in eastern Pennsylvania,

The century-old imported books are the real
thing. They go so far as to tell people how to
place spel!s on others to wither them up; bow to
paralyze and dwarf children; how to kill catue of a
neighbor without going near his farm; how to
cause & well to run dry; in fact, how to ruin and
annihilate by the sole aid of witehery, The mod-
ernor“fake” books, however, do notdare to venture
that far, because the publication of such literature
is certain to be punished severely, The witeh
doctor says he does not have any thing to do with
these “fake” books; nor with the genuine old Ger-
man books of “hexarei,” or witeheraft, but that he
cures excited or nervous people by his strong mag.
netic powers; his knowledge of medical treatment,
his experience in handling such cases, his advice
as to treatment, and his strong mesmeric and
mental control over weak minds

The “witch doctor,” as he is publicly known, is
of fine physique and escellent health. He is
“strong as a horse,” notwiven much to talk or pre-
tence, butdoes alotof thinking. He moves along
in the world very quietly, with littl to say. He
has never courted notoriety, He has frequently
requested the local newspapers to heep his name
out of printia connection with the treatment and
care of totorious cases of nervous excitement
which seme people call witchery

Only the other day the doctor was called upon
at midnight to come to the country, at least ten
miles in the backwoods mountain district \
carriage was at the door, The night was cold,
Only the stoutest and bravest would have vent-
ured upon such # journey But the doctor went.
He js one of the most courageous of men, After
@ seventy-minute drive they came to 4 small log-
men gave his naine as Lorter, a
the the doctor had
Jorter's nineteen-year-old daughter
She was so violent

Please say noth-
1 have

The

burr
learned of
and her remarkable hystena
thet they hod her locked in a garret
althe

house

 

charcoal On way

afraid she migut freeze,

quently shrieked she was burning up. When

asked why
the world, to kill all the witches in the mountain,

They were |
ugh she had fre- |

she said she must be let go, out into |

Nomatter where she went she saw old hags, taunt |

ufeatening to her from hee
The girl seid everything was poison, that
her hair was turning inte t and that
old woman stewed mountain

and then

ing her heen
lover
lack snakes

every ime & cervun

could smell it fi

the bewitched

When the witch doctor entered the house, the
mother and litte ones were in terror
was neatand clean. ‘The mother said her daugh-
ter, Abbie been afflicted about a month,
It began when they were getung ready for Christ

tea the girl ve miles,

spell came uoon her

The woman

 

hac

| mas and when she passed an old woman's hut

on the road, coming from the nearest village,
the old woman had fixed her gaze upon her and
had given her a pear She never ate the pear,
but in terror threw it

it might be a charm of eftcheraft to put a spell

away, when she imagined

  

 

 

upon her, Lewever, the girl was all) white
when sho reached home, nerve excited, and
terrorized in the thought that she had accepted
a gift from the old woman's hands Day by
day the girl became worse, uutil now she acted
| dike @ raving mania Her mother told the doe

| tor all that the father had said

) Blove he ate heartily

) world of trouble

kitchen
{bread and butter and drank
a bow! of Bot ich the good wife had made
while telling Ler story doctor
saw that his hands were warm and iu
pliant, and then
pationt. He refused a al onl
acedent, and t

After the doctor was warmed at the

 

   

tlee y

she was The
fingers
said he was ready to see the
lamp for fear of
6 a highted candle

} 1
bused

 

     

 

 

to the warret door, he wently There
was no response tle knocked larder Thea
the mother called out in German that the witeh
doctor had come to give her relief They heard
@ sur on the inside as of on itof bed
The door opened, and there in light stood
a finely formed girl we Lothings

The sufferer was weak and wet with perspi

vation, having just passed through a most severe
paroxysm

Oh, they just here,” said the girl
“This dark was full of witches. I « i
see the ugly old withered thiugs pulling at my
bedelott ved to the threw the pill
lows and my shoes after the wretches, but they
mocked me and kept putting spells on me. Oh,
doctor, I'm so glad you have come,” and the girl
tre nbled in her terror

Chen,” said the doctor to @ friend afterward,
“LT knew IT had her safe in my control, and thatl
could assist her. T tock her small hands in one
of my big palms and, stroking her hair with the
other, I sald to her firmly that she was now sate
at last. I passed my one haud over her face,
her shoulders and

were here;

 

rool

 

es, IT serea

 

her body, and assured

 

 

I put my life into hers; or hers into mine; and by
one powerful physical effort and strain I mental
commanded the girl's ailment to disappear, and
felt, as if by an electric shock some strange current
of magneusm passing from her weak body into
mine, and out again, and her nervous atiliction
had been dominated and { knew that] was the
master. You may call it what you please, A
majority of people call it ‘pexarte,’ that is, ignor
ant people do, TL let them go.
Witch doctor, Leay nothing.
Tam, IftI'd eay 1 Was nota wi
T didn't believe In such tomfoolery, mark bow the
poor sufferers would keep on suflering. They'd
never send for me; but they'd be hurried off into
some asylum. IL believe hundreds of cases of
bervous hysteria can be cured by strong men
whe have strong minds and who are filled with
dofermination and who can use strong wil! power
nintuencing suffering weak creatures to throw
off the horrible evils of a terrified imagination

“T might narrate hundreds of such cases, It le
criminally wrong to imagine that every poor
Young girl from 16 to 20 years, who haa wild
imaginadons and who raves and seems afflicted
with seven devils, is crazy or wtark mad She
Wants some strong man with a will to take hold
of her, make her believe she is telling the truth
in her ravings, and by securing her confidene)
and faith he can relieve and cure her and drive
the witchery from her by animal magnetism
she believes she is bewitehed, tell her she is be
witched, and if she says a certain old woman
is the cause of it, agree with her, and then with
all your mental foree let her believe and know
you are going tw destroy that old woman and
wipe her power from the face of the earth

“LT tell you this because so much has been said
recently about the cheap tncks and workings
of witeh doctors. A good many of these people
who practise witch cures are women or fortune

 

But l know what
hh doctor and say

 
 

tellers, They, however, are never called in in
Bevere cases. These petty ‘spell sellurs’ peddle
their magic charms with strange letwring
and devices to ignorant people who have

slight pains or imagine they are being haunted
Some may have lost the love of a deceitful man
Some may be jealous of another woman, Hun
dreds of different motives drive ignorant wives
or single women to a low class of fortune teLers
and secure all sorts of charms to wear on their
breasts, in their shoes, down their backs, under
their knees, &c., to work a devilish charm upon
some imaginary enemy. Now all that is simply
humbug. [tis not only common here but every-
Where where fortunatellers ply their wattic,

“It is where the desperate, alarming, violent
cases of nervous hysterla come in, that all such
petty tricks aro in vain, ‘The control and relief
of violent mania whose basis is imaginary witch:
ery is the work of strong men who by long prac:
tice know the weaknesses of such victims and
know how to treat them and drive their afflictions
from them. The time tsiong past when any
one sbould think for a moment that there is any
truth in wicked spells or witchery, ‘True, there
is mesinerism or hypnotism. ‘That is a great
selence, We believe in that. We believe that
mental control can be exercised over one who is
yerfectly passive and willing to be controlled.

Sut we do not believe that power for evil can ba
exercised by any old ‘witch’ of a woman upon
any innocent girl Therefore there is no such
thing as witcheraft, Noone can make another's
well rundry, or a cow to give bloedy milk, orachild
fo hate its parents, or horses to kick their masters,
his erops to fail, his eattle to perish, his children
to be dwarfed, his meadows to wither, his herds
to be unproductive, his children to ba bewildered,
his wife to be barren, his well water to turn bitter,
his hens to be unfruitful, or his fruit, trees and
crops to fall T mention these things because
they relate to cou life

“Inthe beckwoods is where superstition ts
most always rampant. No one ean bring back
4 lost love with a charm in a musiin bag worn on
the breast No erring husband can be redeemed
or turned from his way of sin with other women
by the wife putting any sert

t of potion in his food
or drink No lover can be turned from his love

 

  

 

  

 

 

  

 

by the use of any charm given to him or placed
in his coat pocket, or put into his hat. No love
ean be won by love powders These are some of
the fakes of the trade of the elty charlatan or
mountebank. They are all humbugs, and their
trade ts humbugeers Thit when it comes to
seizing hold of a poor vieim of t hie hystena
and raving who imagines that she is racked with

neven devils, and relieve and cure her by mere
fe rea of will and other remedies of a nourishing
character -that is a different matter, and must not
be classed with witchery

“Lhave often quieted with esse a strong woman
wild in her raving that a half deven men could
not hold, T sobs and nvuls
I] have quieted with a few strokes ofthe hand over

ns

 

ar

 
 

   

  

| the face and head. Patientsand parents talked
of witeheraft and spells. It was no such thing
T have killed or crippled several hundred such
imaginary witches during the past five yvenrs,
and thousands in my Hfe, But TP never said they
were witche Th fferers thought they were
Tiet the victims have their own way Then l get
to work

j not, but L did it Leea

“T don't betleve everything a nervous, hysterical
patientteiis me either, Tlook them over, get their
etory take l 'd {1 em AT 1 Voy ' n will make
1 ) believe and know alselutely that they are
going t | because the 7 !
them stew T will destros Cold waterisa wonder
ful help. Bw bath, by dashing it into the face,
orp by wet towels, n ing is betier, Tionce wathed
& supposed Lewitel girl seven miles around a
high till to pass tsofthree old women under
suspici of being witches. | knew they were
se the girl imagined it prust
be done. What led her to believe she bad heen
bewitched was the same old stery. She had had

   
 

     

cet w
ret

r that made

 

         

 

 

  

   

  

   
        

 

  
  

 

 

 

    

 

   

 

 

 

    

They call me the |

 

 

, is essentiaily an ensemble opera, with its

a drink of water from a spring given by one of the
of the good od wemen onthe roadside, Then the |
girl wasseived with Lys al spas) because she
Say atot girl similarty affiieted, Then they
called it bewit 1
All this witeh eraft belleftstmported from Ger
many " weak. That sort of sunersud on
Was brought over entury ago end still exists.
The evil is ‘The best way and the only
way to tre Is thet te ridicule the vietims but
to gett and relieve then We hear of
witch wome eu wi ry Well, the
first doeters were cold women with their betes
brewing Lerbs and teas, wiile the men were out |
on tie bun |
“The first mystic rem § were blood, human |
hearts, human fat; animal blood and fat Phe |
rererthe | “sl rerthe hesling virtue. Sume
ef at id superstition still prevails You know, |
thette this day, every manor womanis a doctor |
know seme. eure iow many the usand |
ated men wear a charm about their necks, |
reearry it in their pockets. If they believe in |
it, and bave faith, let them have it, There is |
nothing like } ig people. "Thousands are |
! nie bres! Is in ety and think |
they are ta r are being humored, {
or rubbered st like @ @irt in the back woods |
whe thinks sider the spell ofa witch, when
sleds butis treated for it, all the same. So |
j see these cases ore not very far apart
} "T need not tell y whet animal magnetism
is If Tam strong enough to tap @ patient, re
veive bis ailment and take uo his affliction inte
my own system, and am well enough to kill ft, |
why the weak pationt will be ved, that's |
a If my strong mind can dominate a weaker |
mind and make a sick one feel and know she |
is well, thot 1 t | cant explain it any |
fur The 4 t has the faith and I con |
(rot thea? linageimations
| KO CA ! “witeh doctor” is known far
and vy he 1 practising for twenty vears |
or ner sting te know where
the witeli doctor lives n be directed to his home.
TOO MUCH FOR THLE BAGGAGEMAN,

her that intwo minutes the devilish witches would |

be driven back into the black holes they come
from. IT kept on stroking and assuring her. She
gasped, then sighed, then relaxed her stiffness,
and, finally, T felt her pulse becoming regular
and normal and T knew her temperature was
falling, because some fever, ‘The flushed

appearance of A lisappeared: the str

she had
her

 

 

 

siare of Ler eyes passed away, and she fell back
inte the arms of her mother, who was praying
for her, and the girl seemed to be unloading 4

nd cere, TL lifted her back ito
the bed when her mother had slipped loth

1 more
ing on her,covered her gently, lit the coal oil lamp,

    

made the room scheerfulinthe light as wecould,
and T ordered up seme bot coffee Phe ier
brought it, Ll put sugar into it, saying joud

 

enough for the girl to hear
“With this powder, any witch shal! be killed
who will dare ever again to try to put power upon

this girl.’

“| knew the sufferer was looking and listening
] made my movements spec ¥ mysterious, so
that she could see To wanted to impress her
Then I gave it to her to drink, saying Drink
this. It will drive away the witches forever. I
hove a spell upon them’

‘lL got both Vai eves squarely and held them.
She would have obeyed me had I told her to arise
and go cut inte the snow without clothing I
handled her like a little child) Then she cling
to mein gratitude Tf rubbed her arms and les
and told her mother to wrap a wet towel about
her where she ad pain. It was a trying experi
ence for her, but the wet towel soon steame
and LT knew it was doing its work Next lb

   

 

 

 

 

  

 

her eves with a wet towel, because they were so
inflamed, and her head was still hot with much
raving. We worked for two hours Then I
} went down into the living room,and lay ona
}eouch for an hour's sleep. It waa thenafter
| 4 o'clock. One hour's sleep is enough T must !
have it) The mother watched over her deugiter
She, too, soon slept while the mother watched

up the lake as too diiflcuita proposition and new | aides and went to each camp around the Inke's
@o elsewhere for heir gam \narket hunter | pinyin turn. He cursed them by the hair of their
who bas shot for one season over this water im heads and the nails on their feet. by the memo
agines thet 5° Tid a lease in perpetuity of all ries of their fathers and jwothers, by the blood
this part of ‘Texas and stands constanily ready | of "th aly "sistore ‘their cousins and their aunts
to defend his ue According to Mr. Kipling, | py thes vods, their altars and their fires. He
there is neveer a law of God or man runs porta | told them that they were flea bitten, turkey trot
of latitude fifty toree, and he migut put White | ting oc-ankled,  pigeon-toed knock kneed
Duck Lake out WE | beaneyed, buc headed imitation humans
Pexasisoneof the few States which has no game | He added Ti! away when the flag falls
tatute wor of name [i has & provision blank-blank vou, and Til mud plaster you, blank
preseribing the dime within whieh quails and one bia Ps undl the bell rings you'n”
or two er spe hay bes but iat de all Ty ee erthought, They did not know what
Anylly Can cross Tie Trotter anid shoot Without | pe meant, but there was thatin hiedark face which
& license Phere is nor rl No Upon the 1UM> ) iid them that he was strictly business Aw”
ber {i ir | a aday, orl @ season said ne of them, “wat you mean by pirootin'
ort a aes toh nee } Fame ous ‘roun’ oan’) disturbin’ men wats tryia’ ier git
Saal facet Ay SUF SAG YEO some sleep” That settled it
- ual fowle ’ Unies of the year Through all of the lauer days of December,
it Mei aa t he A se dn ah ls through January and February, the party was
AST al in the luomigracon of a large undisturbed The men were contented on a
number of market huniers, Who arnve in Sepien ollar a dav. food and ammunition Chey lived
ber and ge i iM This business kept SRD ee ee ee eR OeN ade ani nnn
\ ' bacon. thour, coffee, canned goods and occa
UP iw alow ys wil he ducks, geese, | ciinally fresh beef or pork f e ducits were
jOnBS IPE a id woadeock & an sher Winer too precious to eat Fach day's kill was draw
p ome. tu wu lees (1, however that the and ¢ wh into the tev hold The temperature
raaeten in nt or ' aay a —. thes down there was below freeziig When the Hite
ere. ; ni for oe ROO enn Bere tye was heard snorting up from the gulf the birds
Ene Netinuaies win. leciainicd Pie , | were taken np without regard to the length of
believes that die worl 6 fio hing w ‘ } W hile time they had lair Lach of them were strapped
aed Got alent the flan ifn? 7 ie ag tightly to asheet of oiled paper and the shipment
a duet He suf 1s was mace to the express office al Houston, which |
parivre Hecan visit White Duck Lake, leisurely forwarced it immediately. There were warn
oe aE hia deme ak paul mee rrinle ken spells wren the shooting was bad There were |
rel "Three daysafter, havi ated wit naughty | © {snaps when it wan Kon d Phe men were all |
Snort all taprem tations ® % ne expert a wasted hiue ammunition They
somewhere else, be will be ny BeTUP oved their blinds from time to time as it became
at Wistin olerit Necessary the loreal potters wanted to get
thing worth Ii) ae friendly after awhile but Martin) would have
indeed, That Hight, nothing to do with them
bedchamber in a sinam heated by tel When the last flack of canvasbacks rose from |
ate hae ad ni Fike if inet Cait the lake and spirslled us way upward in wide
. 1 owe Mere AWweeps ly vanishing to the hazy north
Gepar ter my 0 She ae la the old schooner was cast loose from her winter
etrip a i e bis full ter | ring ane staggered back to Galveston
will eye r : oft \ An} irew his drafts and paid off his men and
and ffi oat te Pa Ornin 2 Ot neach an honorarium, white he called
cure f mel to omnd the suicidal ten hy the shorter name «f t Hie bad filled his
den n Wibs 1 nan a man can easils New York contract, but the Chicago dealers pot
a mg FOG the dis elween wagery abd | only 900 pairs Arvhow. he took lus “skates it
: aby ’ a , f > hye ‘ he tiie rie ! rol t
: A there is pra tically no Texas law regulating w paw frei ned them _ ( iT i ot back
vw slaugliter rn so there Is no statute pre rts tae. Nig, aA ae :
seribing with st hess eR fis in whith | hind, and a whole bof fun ahes
fame may be killed. ‘Therefore, the " “on” | 7 : as
bind. now ar in many other commonwealth | ONE OF GOUGIVS PELORATIONS,
is sill od Pitas the only hiding place -
fone non Wh Duck Lake Ihe sink box" | A Climax by Which the Pamous Temper-
1 if ‘ Aj ~ nth 4 with mad BUSH BO 8 e | noce Lecturer Thrilled His Hearers,
the water until bis ed Ss} yore han fourinches | From the Chieigo Times: Hera d,
he tly tace | , tr
Beare Vie mirreee, ft in) laced far out Ft ” nd, | Many and many a day ago, on the then frontier
setil wet r He sometimes becomes ied | line » Valley of the Minnesota, inthe at that
with t f ves, but the Man inie!) time heautiful village of Mankato, word went
” MATO € Nyt . Mise t likely es ‘d out that Gough hod been engaeed by the local
antitisa very wily contrivance When surtout ed | Jyceum bureau to lecture on temperence. Gough
b» tui f t back ys lhe | came lle Was reeeved by a committee of men
man onter ; , out by « ‘
aampan nw i rewuris ek nt r Sais who had fought indians and “secesh swam |
The dead i Tin ; it water all das rivers, spoiled the virgin forests, opened new
fr 1 Vv being blown a quarter of a nule away, | soil endured poverty, sutfered hunger and never
’ reer he late ‘ ti
: i mi ; de ie ; th ~ eH ' r4 d oe tt | t idered there belief in the maht They es
n r happens that t result of the | corted him to the opera house and stage
dj lar ha ’ His speech was slow at first, gestures few,
su ‘ t seigl ilisstr bs hot m The village topers were
“ \ ‘ oulin fores, and some more decent men) for whom
KIN i fren made by women were praying to give over the habit of |
IS k ther ( Wa ving ! drink He told somethime of his own life. of
' le gun ‘ srogale slaughter | the misery brought by dink, of the laws of self. |
Ww Li he iarwer but for the f ba ‘ sVAS denial and self-sacrf Hie Was intense at
I weather It he | stof) all imes, and this infensitw bore down upon the
t ; rm intat ( {sion liste eount) he tad m them one with him
\ | i 4 s al «. ned “| pel] ven the small y ve bey Inclined to ca
7 ; r i March, while } ! curling wt swas silent, and there
t cravinie | | came through the sepulcbral hall no seund but
I | ever cw i Texas he raw ery of the winter wind from outside
a t t irel { prof Hie made seme slicht comment on the con
» t \ ick be and made | dition of a drunkard’s family -the want which
f i ‘ They | came upon them, the loss of self-respect Ile
ar \ 1 atizing | deseribed the degernar bof srirk which rested
yo 4 t with the habitual drinker and how if that spirit
\ wes not destroved om i ng of the nledge
a. \ would not redeem. Tle pleaced for exercise of will
cu r ") power mere potent in affeeung reform than ell
n n r the drugs and medicines ino the world This
& "str r r { was t developing the minds of his hearers
alow 1 tt fore
af \ \ § he swung one arm high in the air
I: y } and s}
uy { ard and his fall to the depths of ever
ue ' t ‘ Ins is Hike the men who climbs to the top
sy { of in Rome Heison the very sum
Titis coll mit of the great don the blue sky above and
w ‘ rit ariel the werld far, far beveett fe looks down from
m Ms t his pereh, and having nothing to grasp, to hold
\ r td grews cirzy
ger hie irs, it was his | Everything ts whirling now before him His |
eu ipa Yotlors tie ind there j Senses lecve Lim. He is swooning. His feet
‘ v rs t to} stip He is off of the dome He is in the air
’ ¥ mt t ause he | He is failing
t because of ane wraver res | Dow
® Mart ! i the northern tracks Down!
ty vie fall { mak winter mpaign ia | Down!
lex He knew the did, but he kn wn | “To the earth beneath and the ruin of hime
fon ! ’ wou nh comprised | self
the esl S \ ! Dellas, Houston, Pore | “Thus descends the drunkard
WW rrh and Galvesron Phe jiudyves were Texans, | “Down! Down! Down!
the s r re Tes Htkers Were To the fires of beth ond the ruin of hia sont!”
nerr! P les | vils were Texan | The whole exclamation was accompanied with
'n tr iin kre more about rsea | such use of his right arm and body as to bring
he wae rings a at le knew about the | the fearful descent immediately to the eye of the
setaclio of the Abt f Swat, but he had | mind ,
aoe ant his ners nt he bege nb his invasion A shudder ran over the audience. The sobs
aln ASA rave man s ould of women were heard Men felt uncomfortable
Some of the “events” were half-mile dashes, | Men and women ase living today who still feel

some three-quarters and some a mile, but the dis-
tance of tue desh appeared to make tittle difference

|

the power of that iuustration, ‘uttered

by ui
long since cold, oo

0 TNR PC a la RIT tay

_

 

and prayed and rejoiced

"T need not relate the few thinws | did before I
left the girl She intently watched me go to the
windows and make a few movements with swing
ing arms, That was to keep away evil spirits
Tdid the same atthe door, Tt amountste nothing
but had a wonderful effect on that poor girl's shat
tered nervous system. Then T told Ler it was all
right, that she should never take anething again
from thatold woman or anyother strange old woman
and with all the physical force T could summon I
commanded the girl to consider herself beyond
the reac) of any evil spirit. She promised to be
brave and good and strong in the morning and
go downstairs as usual, never fearing anv evil
apirit; that IT had fixed everything to guard and
protect her, Soothing remedies were prescribed,
euch as bitter teas and proper diet, and, of course,
the poor girlrallied and is now well

“She may, and in all probability does, think
that she was bewitched, That's all right It
was the first symptoms of hysterical nervousness
Animal maenetism may have driven out all her
troubles, real and imaginary, She had confidence
in me; I went at her just if I thought she was be-

witched; I pretended to believe as she believed;

 
    
 

 

 

 

  

Meets His Match at Last in the New Ward-
robe Trunks,

A new kind of trunk is filling the soul of the
with wrath and the soul of the
traveller with serene content. It is not the size
of the trunk but the shape that moves the handler

Yapeagemat

of nggace to profanity. “Eve been in the busi
ness twenty five ve "said a burly porter at the
Grand Central sta “Tve tossed Saratogas

 

around and dandled sample cases and played

   

shutiecock with theatrical baggage; but I never
really lost my temper and scoured on my pro-
fession until - beran strike these deformed
wardrobe trunks They ‘re the  stubbornest
things you ever saw They won't stand on
one end, and they won't stand on) either
side, and they won't stand upside down, and they |

won'tlet anything sit on top of them,
got to apol gize to them when you move them
end ask then where ther'd prefer being put down,
They ought to have
special engi:
over the read
of tl trunks can make a whole car-
joad of baggage ge the bad and act ike a moun-
tain landslide, You there is a big hump
on each’sice end onthe top and on one end of the

 

private baggage cart anda
» when they decide t) take a run
se

“One

see

 

  

trunk. [tse utas if something inside were
trying to escape, T couldn't see what it was
made that way for at tr but Tteck an hour
( e day and went downtown and looked at
the inaide ofonesfthe things It was made tike

a wardrobe. Up tu the end that wore a hump

 

       

      
 

 

 

 

 

that's the top know, there was a steei rod
that coud be puiled out as long as the depth of
the trunk On this rod there were hangers
cont and trousers stretehers of wire for the men's
trunk and tand shirt stretebers for the wom
en's trunk \t the bottom of the trunk there
wasa clamp that weuld cateh the bottoms of the
clothes and hoid them At the top was another
clamp that weuld push the hangers as) Ughuy
getheron the rod ne wanted them
When vou pach nk you put your clothes
on the stretchers, le ‘m hang as they would in
a closet, jam the lauips down tight) and
put in the tray Then when you get te your
hotel r wherever you are going to stay, you
fake outthe troy, have the trunk set up on its
i flat en! loosen the clamps, pull out the red, slide
the bangers alors ituntil the lothes harg loosely
and ther ‘ hey rea great thing
“The ment ells them. teld me T could pack
fifteen su invone, if Vd buy itt Tteld him Tt
couldn't, butthat it wonldna't be the trunk s fault
I asked! bin if te mht an able-hedied man
could kiek one of these humps into the wardrobe
and he seid | neednt afraid of that. that the
curved frames vould resist mre! vere force than

   

, are frome nd that noth n axe |
would have any effect upon ons ihe things
Tim ceing to buy an ane 1 havent teen a bag

sher fir twents five vears t
fuch up.

rage s
at last, by any messly,
wardrot

be defied,
opinionated

e trutia

 

If YOU OWN REAL ESTATE,
you are naturally interested ip the condition of
the inarket, Te SUN wives this each day ia
ite entirety. —ddw

You've

 

Gen

PU ni Ss. ae tmmver maemo,

; @ble than at present,

 

| tha

MUSIU 4ND MUSICIANS,

There was never a time when the prospects
for 4 season of opera in English seemed less favor
The question of language

|

iu the opera has been settled to alarge extent atthe |

Metropolitan during the past few seasons. ‘The
Kreat works of the operalic repertoire are sung
in tie language in which they were written

Wagner in German, Gounod in French, Verdi
In Talian thie is the rule to-day, and it is doubt-
fulifany more artistic result is possible, “Thess
operas Wanslated into English might be compre-
hensible to some of the audience, although there
has never been any evidence so far that American
Singers enunciating their own language could
deliver it with distinctness enough to make it im-
Pertant in what tongue they sing Enuneia-
tion is in fact one of the points in whieh all Amer-
icOn singers, except a few of the greatest, are
Very weak. The language is not adapted to
sitging, as William Shakespeare explained in
his recital last week, New York audiences do
hot concern themselves especially over the plots
of operas, and the mere fact that the works were
sung in English would not especially appeal
to them. Opera in English at the cheap-priced
theatres has been profitable enough, but it is
doubtful if it can be extended into anything like
4 permanent institution, In case the seheme
is successfully organized, it is proposed to ask
Prices at the rewular performances equal to those
now demanded op Saturday nights by ie Maurice
Grau Opera Company tis extremely doubtful
if the public would be willing to pay Ulese prices
for the kind of artists it would be invited w hear
They might be capable, but it 16 ecarcely wo be
expected in view of the fleld from whieh it is in

tended to draw them that they will be superior
the artists who appear atthe Metropolitan at the
Saturday evening performances nll ‘Trova
tore.” “Silgnon,” and “Lohengrin,” for example,
the casts have been good as a whole, but the au
ences have not been very large Even the
public whieh buys the Uckets at half the regular
Prices will crowd the theatre only when sume of
the more famous performers are to sing | “Lohen-
grin’ was given this year in German, “I Trova
tore’ in Italian and “Mignon” in Freneh, their
onginal languages. No higher standard could
be imposed and no other operatic theatre in the
world could have provided performances in this
way. It is extremely doubtful if the mere cir:
cumstance that they were sung in English would
hove made them the least bit more interesting to
the public. Opera in’ English certainly does
hot seem one of the things that New York stands
in need of w day

 

The attitude of local audiences toward new
works has often been mentioned, butitis neverthe-
less interesung to observe its difference from that
of all European cities, Here the new work does
bot even draw one large audience, and two per-
formances are rarely attempted. In Europe ex-
actly the opposite is the case. A novelty pre-
sented under the proper circumstances is certain
to attract the public to hear it. Just how much
it Attracts people depends in a measure on the
reputation of the composer and other cireum-
stances ofthe performance. Dutthe tirstaudience
is nearly certain to be @ large one. The people
may heverreturn, The piece may disappear from
‘ight Tut the interest in a novelty is always
sufficient to draw one large audience. Here the
public keeps away, and the large audience at the
Metropolitan on Monday night was due rather
to the appearance of Mmes. Sembrich and Calve
\ban to any interestin “Don Pasquale.” But as
the performance advanced the delight of the audi-

ence was evident, and the evening ended in an
enthusiasm which brought the singers before the
curtain repeatedly Although “Don Pasquale”
duties
about equally divided among the four characters,
Mime. Sembrich has made no greater personal
ears then in this litde opera of Donizetu's
Vor the first time she appeared here with blond
hair, and her quaint seventeenth-century cos
tumes were beauuful in color and design. Her
ACUng WAS exquisitely eflervescent and spirited,
and her voice never sounded fresher and lovelier
in quality, Her vocalization was, of course,
beyond all praise Such singing as hers is heard
but rarely ina lifetime. The delight of the audi-
ence was manifested most genuinely in the sudden
nierestin the story. On every side were heard

 

 

CUrLOUS Interpretations of the action, and the cor
riders buzzed with mistaken accounts of the pro-
ceedings on the stage. lt might have been more

to the credit of the audience if these narrations
had shown greater familia with the story of
Donizetti's opera. As it was, they proved only
thata New York operatic aur had been
awakened to enthusiasm by an unfamiliar work

 

 

ce

 

 

The announcement that" Aida” is to be repeated
this week, with Mme. Eames in the wue role,
may be secounted avietory for the American

singer, Whois thus enabled to hold possession of |

the role for another performance, and so far as
this season is concerned, to derive about all the
honor possible from participation in the perform-
ance of Verdi's opera, Tt wall in all probability
be repeated, and then no doubt Mme. Nordica,
who has been to all jutents and purposes the only
Aida of receit seasons, will be heard once more
in the opera. Lut by that time all the glory to
be got out of associauen with the performance
will be exhausted. Mme. Nordica
as the singer to whom Aida had fallen for several
years, it Was atleast her right to sing iu the second
representation of the work, so long as the role bad
been taken away from her by the management
mer to hand it over to another singer in the
eompany, Mme. Eames contended, on her side,
that to sing the role but once and then to have it
Given to another singer for the succeeding per-
formance would work damage to her reputation.

The two ladies urged their cases with some warmth.
The programme for nest Friday nightis the sequel
to this discussion,  ltterest may be added to the
question of herrepertoireand thatof Mme Eames,
by the knowledge that Mme. Nordica is prepared
to sing Slegiinde.  Sille. Calve is once more at
work on Valentine, and may sing the part in
Freneh, although itis difficult to see how her voice
could possibly be made to respond to the necessiues
of the role, The illness of Mile. Teruita leaves
the company without an exponent of the role in
French, Mme. Nordica has never been willing
to study the role in any other language than Ital
jan. Mme. Sembrich, who has never yet learned
thatarlst are ustialls appreciated in some matters
here more itt Tatio to Weir pretensions thau their
iues, Consented to learn Marguerile's text in
h, although she detests the part and has
hitherto sung itonly in Tiahan Mile. Calve wall,

 

 

 

 

  

of course, sing the rolein eh Mile ‘Ternina
has a8 yet uo idea when she will be able ts sir

Itis said by the physicians whe have been treet
jog ober that her trouble is) nervous, and

that the affection of the laryns is due to an after

ion of the nerves of the face and not to Wie Amen.
can climate She is to remain here somewhat
longer than she intended a few weeks age, as it
js too late for her to make her German engy
ments for the winter and she is as likely to recover
from her embarrassing affliction quite as soon
im the United States as in Germany To Mme
Gadski will fall the Wagnerian roles which Mile
Ternina would otherwise have sung excepting
Isolde. Mme, Nordica will now have nobody to
dispute with her the possession of that heroine,
unless Mile. Ternina recovers

 

Nobody who saw the last
of “La Prophete” given at the Metropoitan Opera
House can foil to recail the beautiful sight Jean
dea Reszke presented when in the second act he
sang “Rei du Ciel” and called on his army to follow
him, M. Alvarezis not what might be called a hand
some man tut he has never looked so well here
as he did on Wednesday evening, “Le Prophete”
never seems to pass off with any degree cf trill
fancy, however, and all performances of recent
years at the Metropolitan have met with dis
asterinoue phase oranother, LastvearMme. Leh
mann attempted Berihe and hersuceess with the
role ofan eighteen-year-old girl may le imagined
Last week Miss Suzanne Adams was much more
capable of suggesting the helpless maiden, al
though thatsame quality communicated itself too
much to her general performance for the best re
sults. Her volce sounded tired, Mime mann
fieink sang “Ah Mon Fils” admirabiy and her
amatic intensity throughout the entire opera
gave the performance nearly all the enthusiasm
and vitality that it possessed. It was unforiunate
her singing so frequently displayed a loss
of all perception of the difference between mere
Vigor and the real art of song. Mme. Schumann-
Heink is not often guiltycof such lapers. The
opera is to be repeated and then her familiarity
with the French text wil in all probability be
sullicient to enable ber to combine artistically her
leautiful voice, dramatic temperament and usual
control of good singing, “Le Propheie" is net
tw be inctuded among the operas popular here
Its cecasic nal revivals awaken no great general
interest, but the regular opera goers weleome
them asa relief from merely “Les Huguensts.”
It might be interesting to hear “Robert le Diable,”
which, if properly given and with some special
attention to tie Lallet, might prove a profitable
variant of the customary Meyerbeer allowance
Ittakes only such a werk as “Le Prophete” to
show the poverty cf spectacular means at the
Metropolitan, | For only a few works such as
“Faust” and “Romeo et Julletto” is it possible
to provide a sativfactory spectacle, even when
is not exacting. In such werks as Meyer-
beer wrote, itis impossible even to provide scenery
that will be even fairly satisfactory, The popu
larity of operas in New York is not always easy
to understand, The publle has never cared for
Verdi's beautiful “Aida,” for instance, and the
work has always been received iu the same fashion
in London, It is to the fact that the hereine and
her father are Ethiopians that this indifference
is attributed, In neither of these two cilies is it
possible to Interest the public in them, either as

two performances

 

  

Sch

 

   

 

urged that, |

 

    

   

 
  
  

atarrh, Bronchitis, Coughs,
Croup, Pneumonia and Consumption

Cured by the New Dry Air Germicide

 

The Mechanic, Salesman, La-
borer or every working man and
woman, no matter how employed,
take their treatment without interfering
with their labor, ‘They simply breathe
and the air passing through the inhaler
is impregnated with Hyomei, dealing
instant death to all disease germs.
Coughs, Colds, Catarrh or Consump-

tion cannot exist where it is used.

 

In Your Own Home an atmos-

phere is created in which disease germs
cannot live. Mother, wife, sister,
brother and children cannot inhale

Hyomei and suffer from Catarrh, Bron-
chitis and Consumption, Even nurs-
ing babies who cannot use the inhaler,
are cured of Coughs, Colds and Croup
by placing ten drops of the new germi-
cide on their clothing, where they

inhale it with every breath.

The Doctor, Lawyer, Minister,
Broker, Merchant or Clerk with
every thought concentrated on his
work, and a Hyomei Inhaler in his
mouth, carries to all parts of the head,
throat and lungs with each breath, the
only known germicide that can be in.
haled, and which will destroy at once
the germs causing disease.

 

Children are Protected Against
The little ones
do not need to be coaxed into using
Hyomei, It is no bother or care, and
they soon become aware of the fact
that with the little inhaler in their
possession, they are insured against
Coughs, Colds, Croup and infectious
diseases, If father and mother will
protect their children against these,
catarrh and consumption will soon be-
come unknown,

Infectious Diseases.

 

Hyomei Kills the Germs which Cause the Disease.

If it fails to cure Catarrh, Bronchitis, Asthma, Coughs or Consumption, wa
will refund the money on return of the inhaler.
There is no other Dry Air Germicide which can be inhaled. There is no

other way of curing these diseases,
Complete Outtit $
Dyspepsia Cure 50c,

1.00,

Extra Bottle 50¢.
Hyomei Antiseptic Skin Soap 25c,

Hyomei Balm 25¢. Hyomel

Send for five days’ treatment free.
THE R, T, BOOTH CO.,, Ithaca, N. Y.

sentimental or
Eames, tn order t
as possible, tints her :
wesis the Ethiopian but slightly Sig. Scott,
on the other hand, Jooked as black as Sig. Tam-
agno used to as Ofello

picturesque = figures
remove this objection as nearly

 

skin very lithily and suge |

|

All the grand opera in New York will not be |

confined to the Metropolitan Opera Tlouse. “Der
‘Troubador” is to be sung to-morrow night at the
Germania Theater by Jullus Perottl, David Can
toni, Ida Klein and Fanny Moran Olden. The
performance will be repeated during the week
and other operas will be given later. If Mme,
Moran Olden lets ont all the voice she formerly
possessed and Herr Perotti still displays his top
notes in “Ln Quella Vira.” the lltthe theatre in
Eighth street will bulge with sound The house
has had various uses, but was never before dedi
cated to grand opera, Frits Frederichs, who
has just arrived to join the Maurice Grau Opera
Company, bas for some years sungonly three
roles in opera. ‘These are eckmesser which
he has been frequently heard at Bayreuth, Al
berich and Falsta? in Nikolai's “Die Lustigen
Weiber von Windsor,” which is soon to besung at
the Metropolitan. Herr Frederichs began life on
the stage as a comedian and in 1884 decided to
become an operatic actor Tle appeared first in
Bremen under Anton Seidl's” direction. He
sang Beckmesser first at Bayreuth in 1858 and

n the role

 

in

since that time he has been famous
In 1896 he reappeared at the Wagner festival
performances, after a long His reper:
toire has prevented him from remaining a regu
lar member of any operatic company in Germany,
ao he travels about from one city to another, ap
pearing in the three roles in which he is famous
Mr. Grau has also engaged Victor Ocellier, a
French baritone who recently arrived from Hav-
ana, where he has been” singing with the
Nicosias Opera Company = He will first be heard
in “Romeo et Juliette. of the popula
singers of the company failed to appear last week
and her place was taken by a less famous under
study. Under the new rule that part of the

audience which had bought tickets at the box
office eould recover the money paid. Only 820
was xiven back. ‘To be sure tt was a Wagner
opera and other priga donnas were in the cast
When a popular basso withdrew at a matinee
performance the other day, and the opera was
also one of Wagner's, much more money was
returned. On Wednesday evening three /irunn
hildes were clustered in box, They were
Mmes, ‘Ternina, Nordica and Gada, all erfos
ing “Le Prophete,” or at least looking and aft
lauding as if they were Mme Sembrich 19
o bave the assistance of David Bispham at her
Boston concert. She will be beard in “Il Re Pas
tore,"agroup of songsby Schumann and Sehu
bert, and “Ah, forse lui." from “La Traviata.”
Miss Suzanne Adams recently went over to Bos-
ton and gave a concert for the benefit of her old
friends. Leo Svrn, her tusband, accompanied
her. The French singers in New Orleans have
presented’ several new operas this year. “Sal
ammbo" is shortly to be given. Victor Capoul
has swled for Paris to consult with M. Gallhard
of the Grand Opera House in Paris regarding
his selection as successor to Bertrand, the former
co-director with M, Gailhard, who died the other

‘iness

 

 

One

 

| son in-law

Fmma | day. Itis thought that M. Capoul will be selected

to fill the vacancy.

Mme. Melba has been in lierlin, where her sing-
ing of the mad scene from “Lucia di Lammer-
moor” was highly praised. She also appeared
as Guida and Violetta, and proof was found in
these two performances that the concert atage,
rather than the opera, was her fleld. The publie
interest in the performances was slight, So Mme.
Melba is to make an effort to win the Berlin publie
by appearing in concert under Arthur Nikisch's
direcuon. “Siegfried” has just been sung with
great success at La Scala in Milan, where only @
few years ago “Goetlordaemmerung” was hissed
from the stage. In Venice the operatic season
opened with “Die Meistersinger,” and “Tann-
haeuser” was sung at the San Carlo in Naples,
and at the Costanze in Rome the opening perform:
ance Was devoted to “Lohengrin.” In Florence
the same opera would have been given had the
singers proved equal to it. but they were found
to be wholly incompetent at the last moment and
another work had to be substituted. Rosa Et
ager, the young colatur soprano who is to return
to this country within a short time, was married
to Mr Braun, a son of Marie Brema, in Berlia
lastimonth. Heis a bass, and has been studying
for some Une in Germany, Miss Ettinger comes
from the West. Leoncavallo's “Zaza” will in all
probability be sung Orstin Rome. Charles Lam-
oureux, who died recently in Paris, was enabled to
continue his Wagner propaganda in France large:
ly through his wife's means She is the owner of
a highly popular tooth ;aste business, which
she Inherited from her father, His concerts,
which were undertaken three years o by his
had never been very profitable. Paul
Moller, a Swedish organist who bad been for
seventy two years in one employment, died the
other day at the age of 91. He had never migsed
a day's work of taken & vacauon, ‘The place
had been held for 200 vears by members of his
family. Joseph Sucher has been succeeded at
the Berlin Opera House by Bruno Walter, for-
merly of Riga Franz Schalk has left that theatre
for Vienna, where he takes the place left vacant
by the death of Hlertnan Fuchs — He says that he
will come back to the Untied States so soon as
anyhody offers toengage tim There are a good
many European musicians besides Herr Schalk
in precisely the same state af mind, Pietro Mas
cagni and the administrauon of the Conservatory
at Pesaro are outon accourt of the Tuslian's tour
in Germany It is said that Mase ueni's reure
ment may be the result of thé disagreement

Fatal Beginning.

From the Catho ic Standard and Tima

Nell—Mad at him? Why he wrote a lovely
poem to her,

Belle—Yus, but she never read it, When she
aaw the title of ltahe tore the wholething up
{in afitotanger. You see he ealledit “iino#on
Mabel's Face.’

 

 

“THE &UN’ AS A REAL FSTATE
ADVERTISING

and News medium will better meet vour res

quirements than any other publieati reach

ing as it doas people who have mooey for

 

investment, and suppiying each day all ins
news available of interest to those interes
ip the Realty en Ade