vincing about all this; and the reporter
on his way, uncertain as to whether the revela
tions were cheering or depressing.
self less black
crust in
fe wasn't

cir women,” she admitted

}
t
{
i
|
!
1
v
\

     

\’SDRINKING

ous OPINIONS 48 140 THE
re OWI OF THE HABIT,

SOCIETY WOM f

‘
A eectioally Refrain Fra Drinking

some Cases Where Liquor Is Taken to
rreess The Safety Limit in Drinking.
\ayipes un on the aubject of drinking among
S women woull be like nothing so much

° +" [hn ligeertation onexpert testimony,
eyo a crety women themselves are divided
F aie ss A SUN reporter, after a series
bs eyiew women who walk among the

vd Ww aA chaotic assortment of im
and «a convietion that some things
drive anyone to drink ‘The
‘led was a young married woman,
nz and good breeding are
e said promptly that all the
sve dunking among women of
fun cred were stuff and nonsense,
» women who do the sortof thing
capes have been talking about; but
withem, and [ believe T am in a posi
» woat is going on in the exclusive
poused. in fey interrogation, and the
yrvet thatshe ought to know the ame
fink more than they did; but

aa Mt

 

4 yieve the change 18 @s marked in what
fc called foe sciart set agit isin other social ci:
\ we have always been used ty

don ( thean Wat tne women I have
wen in the habit of wetting upsy

dining |

nown bay

: or are tow Ciach accustomed to the use of wine
aid liquey te do that | have seen women whom
J cnew take Wo Much wine, but the occasions
bave ben very race I can remember only tures
Ive head very shocking stories about society
futons where young women became  intex:-
ceood Perhaps Lam unobserving, but I've never
geo anything of the kind

Ifyou want toargue that all drinking ia wrong,
you might draw up 4@ very strong case against
y- and. perhaps, you would be in the right, but
{{. by drinking to excess, one merely means b>

ming ltoxicated, then this sensational

or about Ue depravity of women

tue hour Hundrsd is rank nonsense
one Woman quoted as saylug that
men should drink only when with

c
j
]
¥
n because the men will cheek them if they
pom inelined to drink too much. LT would hate
t Tt sounds well, but #0 much
4 I've not observed that
t ery careful
r est happen
t r the girl he tn-

rust that rule
wods goon the man

erage society MAN exercises a
Any Woran the a

wa member of his family

tomariy On the contrary, our men seem
t K thatit is anmusing to see a woman drink
feck lassly d the fact that men encourage ft
a tit is What sometimes makes a young
y oman think itis clevey and ehte.

Pie seosdle woman will not depend upon

eo escort to reculate her drinking, but will know
}ow much she is in the habit of drinking and
wil fever tisk any experiments in public = 1

sippose this all sounds cold blooded; but L told

y . | was not discussing the right and wrong
tn tig drinking—only telling you what T no
teed on the set in which I move It isn't the
yomen of that get whom you will flod drinking

jinumerable cocktaile at Turkish bath places

irpeuriug successive glasses of absintbe down |

r throats in the tea room of a hotel
4) does altogether too much scapegoat duty
(in sorry, but [am due at my dressmaker's
nov, and must go, But, by the way, my dress
roaker doesn't run @ private bar, and give ler
tomers fittings and cocktails together At
st, she las never offered to cheer me that way,
ven when I've been in my blackest sempers.
lure say, if T felt faint or tl, she could find a

The

'
]
4 oss of wine for me, but I’ve never had occasion
1

ask forit. “T've really tried to find one of those

+ od dressamakers with bar attachments that I've

i deseribed in some of the papers, but I've

had no luek.”

con
went

‘There. was something very frank and

He decided
give the 400 one more chance of proving it
than it has been painted, and
led at a Fifth avenue home, whose mistress
tows all that is to be known about the upper
New York She, too, was frank, but
optimistic, Either she was more
than the young married woman or
«loyal to her set

rhe drinking habit is

serving

growing among
“There's no doubt

' and I'm sorry to see it Our young girls

dink so much more than girls did when I was

youne No gtrl bas any business taking mised

Gapie, or even drinking the ordinary dinner

Wiles freely

I have always served wine in my
iw, and my daughters drank it; but when

h with each of them, and advised
g very cautiously outside
lng everything, save wine, alone, and never
that as e stimulant I'm afraid
int take very high moral ground, but I con-
ed them that the thing would be wretchedly
rn, and I've been satished with the result

OW A gteat many un who drink too
Buch drink unl their cheeks are red and their

Poves loud, ther manners atrocious, Iti
Alvavadisrusting but it seems worse ima young

their drink

ther own home,

sorting to
j

 

won

 

 

girl than un any one else TP meat huris one
tiers, though the girl is) probably less to blame
tha ler woman would be. Psee corks lineh
ing celber and having cocktails, \ines, end
Liqueurs y Appear toheve an idea that that
portof thing ts exceedingly knowing ond swagger;

eo, in fact, itis netonly unwise, butts in atroel
Ousiy bad laste TL hear girls boasting that they

mix faney drinks; and, at the country clubs,

  
  

|

greed That Young Women Should |

‘y were debutantes T had a practical, sensible |

wa young wen and young renee come in |
frou the golf links and have whiske# and-soda
or toddy together, [go to make visits, and find

ol thewirls taking rum in their tea, or discarding

Va altwether for a glass of liquor. I yo to din
Tops abd seo debulantes lead off with cocktaiis
end drin\ freely of all the wines on ihe menu,
ending withaliqueur. ‘Lhe women do thesame,
buta he wirls who Impress me

W nalwassdiddrink— che women I knew

bursins dita tdrink dis way in my day, or even
fve yoarsago. Tknew of a debutante'’s lunches
last Winter where tire of che girls had « be taken

ipstalrs by the butler because chey were disguse
tigl trunk, Something ought w be done to
sopsuch insanity, and T wish some of the women
sord in soctal macers is law would ges
and emphadeally veto certain practices
drinklag thacare tolerated now."a
\successful physielan looked at the question
With aprofessionaleye, She sald:

! | soclecy myself, except when I'm
patch up society's ravages; but I
‘attmmoderace drinking among women
eeoming more and more common, I find
isoof tf every day of my practice. Per
Ps the Woman doesn't cdiserace herself by get

ink, but she does destroy her nervous
‘woeasive use of stimulants and be
thle to all diseases. It ts astonish-
inany women resort « whiskey
ey are suffering in the leas: degree
worpain. The whole principle of the
sr cand che Labit ts pernicious.
‘there are times when one is utterly
ined of nerve force, and yet is
i herself together for some further
* where the strongest temptauon
fier comes in. ‘The stimulant will
coomplish what mnset be done;
: qtiets her conscienre with the
’ Ys Men do the same thing, but
! Veival strengit and) more equable
t prevent his paying the penalty
stimulants as quickly and as pain-
somandoes, [believe thatthe strain
vf the work women are taking upon
account for a good deal of we
ie drinking habit, The society
did drink, always will drink—
Woman of the smart set, | mean—
er women who are taking up bur-
‘strain and rack their netves, who are
thead in ined eompeution with tanums
her women of brains and pluck, and
th they are likely to run up against

{ physical opdutancs andeto force

broins and nerves into abnormal effort

f stimulonts
ut state of things clearly indicated

ever young train workers, and it
but} have more sympathy with it
fools whe take to cocktails because
tus the swell thing to do.  Womer
imulants of all kinds. The fina
ises always disastrous, A man
nioderate drinker for a life time,
‘worse for it, but the same a
‘woman Shemay never get drun
' ne way of another, for fooling
Foner I! a woman ts dead tired, let
! ithe back of her neck and over
toon her back and relax com
\ ortakea bowlof hot milk
r bouton. It would be easier
! r cupboard, more promptly
| vit, but the relief would be
une \ Joniate consequences po i-

   

 

t
rar

Called in t

klow

# etfe

wee bow

' d

  

WAS

n Sorr
nnects

avout drinking started
a woman's club. Those pe
UTS ket so much undeserved critic my
a and its « pity to have cocktails aa well
bonbets and covers! femininity to answer for.

is tal
» with

 
 
  
   
 
 
   

 

 

club women I know aren'ta drinking crowd,
Phe too busy to drink, from idleness, and
not enough overworked to drink from necessity,
They get intosicated with theirown eloquence
sometimes, but with no thing more spirituous.”
The perspective in which women viewed the
subject seened to differ considerably and the re
orter decided to get a purely masculine verdict
rom some member of the 400, not chivalrous
rough to swear that the Women he knew uever
drank anything stronger than cambric tea. He
found his man ata studio tea, where he was talk-
ing to several women. Le was quite willin
tu give expert testimouy when the subject bac

 

‘deen launched

“Drink? Of course the women drink. There
Never Was anything like it before, It isn't only
Omeng the Four Hundred. Ivy everywhere

Suppose there are @ great many women who

fink in moderation or not atall; but, in the last
five years, the increase in the drink habit among
Women is simply appalling. A man hates to
ell the women he is entertaining that they've
had enough wine and would better stop drink.
tug. Perhaps he doesn'teven notice whon they've
reached danger line; and I've had most em
Darrassing situations thrust upon me when L've
Supposed inyself doing the unexceptionably proper
thing with the most correct people I's my
opinion that ne young girl should drink at all
in mixed company; and it's another of my opin-
fons that women ought to pass all mixed drinks
Cock tails are deadly for Any one; and @ womanis
too highly strung, nervously, to take the chances
on tampering with nerves that a man will take
As for absinthe—that's a drink that's rapidly

rowing in favor over here; and it's a funny
Vii that the women seem to take to it more
kindly than the men. Go w 4 certain wa room
in one of our big hotels at 6 o'clock any after
hoon and you'll seo more absinthe drunk than
yo. ll see drunk tn all the saloons of the city in
the some amount of ime
Tie women ought to stop that. It's beastly
bad stuff, even when one has (he steadiest nerves
You know the Freich doctors tried injecting
whiskey and absinthe into the veing of a dog
Tie dog that got the whiskey went off into a
comer and went to sleep. The dox that had the
abunthe weut stark, staring mad and bad to be
killed. I dropped into that tea room yesterday,
with a woman friend, and | was hornfled. Vf
thes ‘donly stick to wine or beer, or even whiskey,
Rut cocktails and absinthe will play havoc with
he women,

“f wont with some of the swellest people in
town to @ theatre supper the other night. The
women were all married women; and all but one
had husbands in the crowd. Now, I tell you,
it was 4 lively time; and I could hardly keep up
with the procession. I helped one man take his
wife to @ carriage, I don't know who helped
the rest. They al needed help.”

Iie bowed himself away end the two women
with whom he had been talking looked at each
other and at the reporier. “Do you suppose it is
true” asked one of them. The other straightened
her shouiders and elevated her chin expressively

“It may be true; butif any one had asked him
whether he believed women drank he should
have lied, hike a gentleman.”

Osear, the Napoleon of the Waldorf, has been
Quoted as saving that socistey womon do drink
to excess He flativ an! emphatically demes
having said any such thing; and any one with
experience of Oscar's diplomatic ability and mon-
umental discretion is tnelined to believe hia de-
nial Osear may know that women do affect
the festive cocktail, but closely que ton jie
would turn his back tw the tea room
his Napoleonic features, and “lielikeagentiems
A maitre d’hbotol as wel! trained as Oscar would
not be indiscreet! Never.

con pose

 

THE RETIRED BURGLAR,

A Night With a Good Seal of Inetdent, bot
Not Much Gain,

“The strip of lig f

t that lov across the floor

 

the tpstairs hal! of this house that | was in, and
the hall picket of light (at stuad on the wall on
the oppostie side of the statrvas wid the re
tired burger ‘came from a room in which, as I
peered actoss the decor of the hall, from where
I stood on the stairs | ild hear two men talk
fug Thatwasagoul many men forme to handle
awake, and decide ty wide avuake, as these men
evidently were, and it seemed e cleor that
Thad lost half a night, or lens! “fi a house,
for | wasn't wooing 1 e anyibing here upstairs,
only what To coull gather up down

But as ! Lsten o these men T couldn't

help geting interestedin them, Leculdn'taee them

from where I stood then, but T eould hear them
perfectly plain, and they were talking eorrest
ly, and pretty soon they began taking angrily;
not Joudly but meari bruisit 1 didn't
see how they coul, posubl talk oto each
ov her he way the Was di i

out flgblng; and presendy T heard two ehairs
slite bee, tovether, and I knew they was up
and I expected every second to hear’ m biff! biff
plugging away at each other, and when I did'nt
hear ‘hat I thought sure I'd hear ‘om langing
away ateach other with guns, but T lidn’t hear

hear that, either! butin about a second I did hear

the sound of metal against metal, (hose fellows
were at it with swords’
“Then of course I climbs the steirs without

any hesitation and walks around to where L could
look In at ‘em-—a company of men might have
walked there then and they never heard it--end
there they was a fighting with rapiers and rip-

ping and siashing and stabbing at each
ther in a way make a peaceabie mans
Dlood p min coid and | knew T ought to
stop ‘em hefore they killed each ther

But the question was Low to de it} thew was both
of ‘em pretty solid sort of men, and the two of
them, if they d ‘a’ lit onto me together could herve
tied me up ina double bowknet and laid me up
against a wail somewhere till they got ready
tocarry me off, Td gotto do something, though,
or they'd kill each otherin about a minute

“T thought first iden down stairs and kick
in a window te divert their minds then I
thought of fallin’ down stauim, myself, as being
quicker; and then | thought [ might run «end
open the front door and holler for the police, But
while T was ciphering these things over in my
mipad and trying to decide what to do, and then
thinking at the same time «f my own geafety,
and fascinated all the while by the sight of those
men digging away in there so tT couldn't move,
one of them made a jab at the other and run him
clean through the body!

That shook me loose; before | could turn and
get fuirly started the feller that Lad been stabbed
aud that had sunk down when the sword hit him,
began to jet up again, and the man that had
stabbed him drew his sword out from under the
other feller's arm, saying, to fim

Not se bad, Tony Not so bad”

“And this desperate duel, between two men ficht
ing for their lives and to killeach other, wasonly
practise; and Td been standing there looking
on like a guy Hull says to myself, “AIL right,
my sons, we now proceed to clean out the lower
part of the house and retire; and you can have
another round ifyou wan't to;’ and Tdid turn and
start; but by
through their puiling and blowing, and the feller
that had been down, that the other man called
‘Tony, was loughing, and he says

“My, but that’s hot work, hey” and the other
feller says

*Tony, that’ worth a bottle of beer,’

“Well, now, I says to myself, ‘if you've got an
ice chest right where you are, all right butif you
haven't, I'm likely to be out’ And T was out
the beer was downstairs ‘Lhe minute they turnec
for the door T tumed for the cellar, and I heard ‘em
in the dining room overhead, hoping, of course
all the time;
they got out something to eat, and they set to

   

 

eat there and et and drinked and chinned
until | could see the first Klimmer of
the more coming through the cellar
window that I'd come in at, ands it) was
time for me to go; they'd done me out
of the lower half now, as well as the upper, the
whole business, in fact and thought as T went

down the road that besides losing a nicht, I'd
kind o made a fool of myself, to boot,’

 

ANTI-TRUST MELTING,

Delegates Had 80 Many Diverse Opinions
That They Nearly @ame to Blows,

Cricaco, Jan. 12.—An attempt to organize
n anti-trust league of Chicago last night at
Great Northern Hote! almost terminated
a hand to hand fight. The quick

ROW AT AN

ing from premature adjournment. The
warm feeling grew out of free trade
dootrine with which Prof. E. J, Stearns, a
venerable speaker, who said he was “an old
cowboy of Iowa,” seasoned a lively address,
He said: “Abolish protection and establish
free trade and you won't have any trnsta,”’

8. H. Greely of the Board of Trade, who had
been made chairman of the meeting, fannat
the sentiment into a white heat when he sald:

“The Government should own al! transporta-
the people must take

ic facilities; zt

scones fon of the highways He said
fifty rd of Trade men had. asked
to be made delegates to. the National

tion,to be held in the Auditorium on Feb,
13 and added: “They have promised to give
figures, facts, dates and names sufficient to
send such men as Phil D. Armour tothe peni-

tentiary.”’
Speakers that
tion, free trade.

tical doctrines, and —
Pecame a free debate, in which more or

was exhibited, Motions to perfect
in peek Talon met with counter motions
until Mrs. 0. W. Dean suggested that the men,
instead of quarreling among themeelves,
should fight the truste. An adjournment was
taken to Wednesday evening, Jan. 17, when @
permanent organization will be attempted,

followed advocated protec-
socialism, and various other
the meeting soon

 

 

——— *

|BY THE SUBURBAN ROUTE,

 

when

| Quite so sure of Mrs

| was known to their neighbors that they ea

that time the menhad got a littl |

but they were long-winded chaps;

 

SOCIETY'S POSITICN CAPTURED BY A |
TURNING ATTACK,

 

Rise of the Smith-Joneses From # Fiat in
Harlem top Social Standing—Advantages
of Hiring a House in the Country Over a
Front Attack in Getting On in Society,

The regular appearance of the names of Mr,
and Mrs. Smith Jones in the lists of “among those
Present” at entertainments given by people of
note has puzzled the people who knew them when
they lived in a Harlem flat. The modest little
plate op the door of their flat {nm One Hundred
and Steenth street just after they came to New
York read “John 8. Jones.”” That was only six
years ago and one family, the Browns, who used
w alternate Sunday evening teas with them eo
that cach family might give ite cook every other
Sunday night out, are still living in the same
flat underneath the one formerly occupied by
Mr. and Mrs. Jolin S. Jones, Brown was some-
thing or another in the wholesale woollen line,
on commission, and in the old days he used to
brag a bit to his wife afier a quiet evening at
the Joneses’ playing euchre or whist of tho super-
fority of Lis business methods over Jones's and
Mrs. Brown always chimed in with the slate-
ment that she was sure he was much better look
ing. Brown is stil something or another in the
wholesele woollen business andJones, as Brown
tells everyone When bis name is mentioned, after |
boasting 4 bit of his old intimacy with the family,
is first of all in society and, secondly, he still
bas his interest in the shipp!ng business.

“IT see the Smith-Joneses were at Mrs, Astor
bilt's reception,” or somebody else's, Brown says
three o7 four times 6 week to the other boys in his
office after reading the fact from his paper. They
4re never tired of hearing Brown conclude with:
“Dear, dear, the good times the Smith-Joneses
and my wife and I used to have eix years ago.”

This alwaye makes the other boys {vel like the
man who shook the hand of the man who shook
the hand of Sullivan, and it excuses a certain
familiar way of speaking to their customers,
when they go on the road, of people of the inner
circle of New York society When, in the carpet
6lippers of bis own flat, Mra. Brown says that if
Mra. Jones could go to this and that reception
she doesn't gee why she shouldn't be there for she
always considered herself quite as good as Mrs.
ohn S Jones any day, Brown soothes her with
talk very different from his boasting in the office
He tolls her that New York society is a sham,
with the assurance of a man whose knowledge
is based on close reading of society gossip. |
Brown s predictions of the ultimate end of the
Smith Joncses are enough to make the latter wish |
that tuey had never been boru, ifthey ever heard
them, but they don't hear them. The evolution
of Mr. and Mrs. ‘ohn S. Jones into the Smith-
Joneses nade it necessary for them Ww break away
from the few asseciations which they had inad
vertently mode when they first came toNew Yoru
aod knew no better, aud now, of course, if any
oie mentioned One Hundred and ‘Steenth street
the Saith-Joneses would express @ langvid inter
esi in the fact that anys hived in such an oute

Jandish ney hborhood, although such fats as they
vecupied there sull reat for $1,200.) It isn't
thatthe Suuth-Joneses bave 60 much more money |
now than they had then, for Jones had a confor. |
table fortune left after buying ao third interest
in the shipping business when he first came to
New York, but they now spend their full income
aud feel that they must live up to thelr position
The Snmiith-Joneses made their social ten strike
in accordance with the coaching of Mrs. WKousher
bocker, who had liked Mrs. Jones in a fashionable
finishing school whieh they beta attended, by the sue

ener

burban route, aud this is the way they did it lhey
Were stilclinging toalltheir kingly Western ways,
Mrs Innickerbocker looked Mrs. Jones

up, for the sabe of old times. Jones didn't feel
Knickerbocker Ss unselfish
attitude when Col Whnicherbocher called on him
at hus office two days laier, iitroduced himself,
and persuaded Jones to take 10660 shares of the
Litthe Horse Gold Mine stock at 85 a share. but
that Mrs. wones dis
covered that she was socully ambitious and her
husband was willing to gratify her at the expense
of mining swek

You ate not se good looking as t

  

Was merely an incident

make every

 

  

other woman late you, my dear ld Mra
Wwuickerbocwer, “bul you afte good ty look at and
you have @ nice way wearing your clothes.
Mr. Jones bas money enough and he will have

piote. Now itis absurd for you to bury yourselt
in afarlem in this fasion You must get into
Bociety

Hut | only hnow a family that lives uncer

US ahd the jmemver fawhistelub to which we
belong,” said Mr nes.

So much the vetter and the sooner you forret
those people the wirer you will be TU stand
tponsir ior you lf you will follow my direction
Do you Know the Whites’ Well, you see their
Daimes in the Boctety lieth every week, and sou
know who they are] gloted them into society
and ther chances were not @s good as yours
Mrs. White bad some impossible parents rele
bere in New York, who had to be hept iu ihe
background bortunately yout relatives, who
are undoubtedly very nice, live in Whe \est 1
Wantyou to abe a nice bon ein some suburban
town and live there for irom three to five venrs
During thattime I will ave tho way tor you oud
when you come back to New York you will he
received ev ry where.”

When Jones heard of the plan that had been
devised for them he laugbed until Mrs. Jones
puuted ond then he yfelded

“L don't give a hang for society,” he said, “and
I'm sure we are very happy, butif it wiil please
youl lltry the game. [tis an interesting propo
kition and I'd like to see how it would work out
We have money enough and if we chose t) spend
itin that way it's no one's business Let me see;
l used to know some men at Yale who are ol some
account efeialiy in New York J helped one
of them make the crew and I've no doubt he'd
be glad to know Us in a social way if we wished,
We will try Mrs. Kunickerbocker's plan and see
what's in it.”

Karly the neat spring the Joneses moved into
ene of the largest houres in Suburbanville.  [t
from
and it was surmised that the y were

 

 

New York

  

4& good deal wealthier than they regily were
Jones dropped his frst name and his eords read
“Siith Jones.” His horses had Lee& sele ted
with care and his coachman wore his clothes

like a tailor’s model. The Jones establishment
was not elaborate, but the house was large and
furnished & good taste and curiosity about them
was aroused. Mrs. Knickerbocker had coached
Mrs Jones well for her task

“You may know many people in a suburhan
town,” she said, “who would Le impossihe so-
claily in New York. It will le well, however
to restrict your colling acquaintances to a ce
paratively few people in Suburbanville and when
the time comes L will bring the right people from
New York upto your house You can give some
sert of unique country entertainment for them
In the meantime, now that you do net live in the
elty, T will secure some cards for you for enter
tainments and receptions in town which will
pave the way for you. I willlook you upin the fall
when [ return and then we can begin our
campaign, You are sure to succeed,”

Mr. Smith Jones enjoyed the life of a country

 
  

 

| gentleman and admitted that he was much more

wit of a woman alone saved the gather- |

comfortalle than he had been ina Harlem flat,
but he was inclined to ridicule his wife's social
ambitions at first Mrs. Jones, however, wasin
earnest and she studied the society lists until
she knew them by heart. They
4 few people during the summer and Mrs, Jones
felt that she was progressing so rapidly that
Mrs. Knickerbocker would be surprise t

“You are all right, my dear,” said Mrs. Knick-
erbocker when she met her in the fall, “but you
have acquired several little embellishments which
you will find unnecessary, In the first place
you must tone down your pronunciation of ‘been
i didnt notice that before went awa) You
speck .tas if it were spelled ‘bean’ and the un
conscious emphasls which you give itevery tine
vou use it shows that the progunciation is an
eeyired accomplishment of which you are Just
a tit proud, ‘Then you have adopied the high
stilted bandshake which le Just o side movement
almost on @ level with your chin. Beth these
are cheap fads, my dear, and I] gunpect that sume

| book on ‘Whattodo in Good Soctety’ is respon. |

sible for them,” |

“The most exclusive people here have those
fads, as you call them,” said Mrs, Jones

“Then you have been meeting the imitation in
stead of the real,” said Mrs, Knickerbocker, "\ our
manners and speech are nice enough as they are,
and you can afford to be natural. Don'tatfect an
accent. Thatis cheap and sete

During Mrs. SmithJones’s firat winter in
Suburbanville her name was occasionally printed
in the lists of “among those present” at affairs in
New York, and she made a favorable impression
Iter husband was clever and she was good style
and Mrs. Knickerbocker vouched forthem. Eary
in the summer the Smith Joneses gave a house
party for which Mrs. Knickerbocker who hap
pened to be staying with then, sent_out the in
vitations. The guests included no® big social
guns, but, t use Mrs. Kaoickerbocker's words,
they were all good people to know = Luring the
week of this house party several people who had
large coaniry places in the neighborhood and
whom Mrs. Jones knew only by name, called on
her and her guests. The climax of the affair
was, of course, a4 barn dance, and the Smith-
Joneses did their share of the entertainment ju
good style. Mrs. Knickerbocker restrained Mrs
Jones from making too extravagant a show of it
‘The guests had enjoyed their week, and the Smith-
Joneses had been properly launched. They were
heard of from time to time at other country houses
around New York, and Mra, Jones ‘mode ber |

e
ai

 

ability in devising entertalnments which

entertained *

 

a welcome guest. Jones was something of a lion
in bis own “ar oF having stroked one of Yale's
fast crows. 6 fact that he was something or
another in the shipping line was indefinite enough
to permit rumor enlarging his income.
tis not pecessary for you to spend more than
our income,” said Mra. Knickerbocker. “You
Core quite as much money a4 many people who
You mustlearn, however, to spend

cee That is the

your money to the beast advantage.
thing.”

Pe le who wanted to be amused soon found
that the Smith-Jonesea had a pleasant place in
Suburbanville. Jones kept good horses and bis
wife was clever, Noone knew much about their
ancestors, but Mra, Knickerbocker vouched for
them and that was enough. At the end of two
years the Smith-Joneses were well known in
Kew York socially. Col Knickerbecker found
it convenient to borrow cecasionally from Mr
Jones and the latter always entered the amount

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900,
| SHARP EYE ON THE CHANGE.

in his expense account so that there was no mis |

understanding about it. 7

“You had better stay in Suburbanville another
ear,” said Mre. Knickerbocker, “before open
ng ahouseintown. You haven't money enough
t compete in the city with very wealthy people
in entertaining, and as your house will probably
be « comparatively moder one you must firmly
establish yourself in society before making the
experiment. Your establishment in Suburban-
ville is much more important in appearance than
anything you can keep up in town”

The coaching of Mrs. Smith Jones was a delight
ful cecupation for Mrs. Kuickerbocker, and it
was 4 thrifty one as well, She paid her own
eocial obligations during the winter by house
arties at the Smith Joneses’ in the summer and
all. ‘They were quite as necessary to her os she’
was to them. At the end of three years the Smith
Joneses returned to New York, and great was the
change in them. Their bouseheld in town is
fn a good neighborhood. and their dinners are
marvels of cleverness. Jones never economized
on his wines During the winter they wave a
few receptions and each one is marked by Mrs
Jones's deverngss. They are in fact very useful
members of society, and no one questions their
exclusiveness, The only people they know in
town are those whom they met through Mrs.
Knickerbocker, and she does not make mistalics
in such matters. In the meantime Mrs, Knicker-
hocker i: now looking around for another young
counle Who have means and are candidates for
@ocial honors

“They niust be possible people,” she says, “and
with a good income, T will do the rest. T feel
that New York society owes me a debt of gratitude
for the occasional recruits I bring to it. T never

' mistake my peonle, and Lamsure if my neat young

couple want references T can point to the Smith
Joneses with pride. To don't pretend to have in

| vented the suburban route lo New York society,

but | bave discovered the strong points and I use
no other.”

WHEN THE BOERS BEGAN TO ARM,

Statistics That Seem to Refute the British
War Party's Arguments.

One of the reasona In justification of the war
with the Transvaal which have been put forward
by Joseph Chamberlein and other members of
the British Government and by the war press in
England is, that for nearly eighteen years the
Hoes had been accumilating artiliery, rifles,
melinite and German and Hol @ider officers to
oust England from South Africa. The
of a conspiracy was alleged, the motive of which
was the establishment of the United States of
Souw Africa, toinclude all the States and colonies
gouth of the Zantbesi, and the armaments de
scribed were represented as part cf the prepara
tions toward the attainment of that object All
thia has been contradicted by the opponents of
the war, and ‘they nilenged those who
advocawed it to produce the proofs of what they
assert. Lut beyond vague statements aturi buted
to missionaries and Wavellers not named, notasin
gle item of positive evidence has been put for-
ward, while British Hlue Books and correspondents
of the London Times refute beyond dispute the
allegations regarding the Koer armaments relied
on by the war party to prove their case

The earliest reference to the Boer armaments
to he found is in the London Times of Nov. 7

1800, in an article on “Natal and the

x.stence

have cl

 

Vransvaal

in 1SvO The writer states that he visited the
barracks aod arsenalbin Preteria ‘The @andng
army, he says, was limited to a single battery of

 

obsolete wuns, and the military efilcteney was in
1Sh9 beneath conterapt In 1685 Major Robert
White was sent to Pretoria at the ecpense of the

Chartered Company to investigate military condi

 

with the assistance of
Rhodes and Capt. Ernest Rhodes
the Pretoria arsenal, and

venus in the Transvaal,
Col Frank
He also visited nine
months later the diary in which le recorded his
impressions was picked up on the fleld of hrugers
dorp.
found in Pretoria

“L Half a dozen very old pieces of ordnance,
mortars &

2 One bronze gun, of the date of the Second

 

mmpire

4 Nero ken Maxim-Nordenfeldt

“S A small nuzzle loader in bad condition

emark iss “None of he guns

1 much work.” The inference
from Uigis thatthe bestinformation the Chartered
Company and Mr. Rhodes could obte WAS to
show that, eo far as arullery was concerned, the
Roers were, on the eve of the raid, almost abso
hiiely unprovided

Farly in 1806 Capt. Younghusband, who vistted

 

Pretoria for the Times, wrote that orders for bar
teries of fleld guns, quick fring cunsand Maxims,
end for suffetent mfies te arm every Dutchman
in South Affien were being sent te Murope: Buro
nean dnl instructors and artillery men were berog

jported and ff rts were being constructed are and
Pretoria on the mest approved designs. “One
attempt had been made,” he reported, “to take
heir votry from them; they were thoroughly

convinced that the attempt would be renewed
at some future dete; so the Boers were determined
to he thoroughly on their guard the second time.”
There was bo concealment then on the part cf
the Thoers as to what they were doing, and Capt
inghusbend entirely corrobiretes Mojer
White s estimate of the Boer armaments lefore
the raid when he writes: “The Boers had very
nearly teen caught napping at the beginning

 

 

 

  

 
 

cf the year

But there ts cther and mere conclusive evi
dence. The London Detly Ne has appented
to the famous U{tlar manifesto and to the
Transvaal budgets The tanifesto is dated
Dec. 27, 1894, and was written when the Johannes.
burg eonspiracy was ne longer a secret. That
menifests readea that £250,000 sterling is to le
spenton the completing of a fortat Uretoria, and
that orders have been placed in Germany fer

 

The document
nthe admission

! vy rite a aminuinition
shows that at the end of tad

ef the Uithinders themselves, the Boers were
inadequately armed and had suddenly begun
tw remedy their defaences, The Tronsvinl

budget tells the same story Keer 1802 the mili
|

tary expenditure was only S148.69%; in 1808 it was

 

 
 
  

$96,700; in TSo4, BLIO,7000 Tn TAOS the year
ef the reid, it rose to $416,040, and jumped in
1806 to 82,500,000, Tt has been suggested that
payments for armaments were concealed under
the headings “Pullie Works,” “Spectol Pavments,”
“Sundry Services;” but the totals for these will

In ISO4 they fieure

ti) ST,426,220

bear the test

ut te $2.642, 680;
for 1805 they r

id in 1406 they

 

steed at 810,036,460, The pod is the hey to
these figures
Then, as to when the Hoers took alarmis not

left t
Aug.

conjecture, In the St James's Gutette of
20 leet there appeared over the signature
"Anglo Afrikander,” a remarkable mecount of a
consultation which the writer had with President
Kruger and Gen Jeutert in September, 1604,
President Kroger asked him why the Chartered
Company was buying “hundreds of horses” for
resentation to new Volunteer Rhodesian
lorse, ‘The President could see in this only
ene meaning, which be summed upinthe saying,
“Rhodes is going to jump my country,” and Gen
Joubert ceme to the conclusion that “it is: time
to shut ove doors, as robbers are abet This,
then, is the story of the Toer armaments; they
were President hrucers answer to Mr Rhodes s
raid, They were undertaken for defence and net
avetession, and they wera continued because
the Htoers knew that the men who had conspired
against their independence in 1805 would renew
the attack before the chances cf polident warfare
in England might remove fromthe Coionial Othice
in London their ally, Joseph Chamberlain

 

 

RIGGIST SiX-MASTLR OF ALL,

Plans to Build tn Matne a Schooner to
Carry 6,20) Tons of Cargo,

Basoor, Me, Jan 12 —Arrangements are
now being made for the construction at Camden,
Me., of a six masted schooner larger by far than
either of the monsters now contracted for at Cam-
den and Bath. At Camden a4 six-master of about
2,750 tons net register is to be built for Capt John
G, Crowley, of Taunton, Mass, and others, and
at l'ath @ vessel nearly or quite as large is to be
built for Capt. Lincoln Jewett of Portland and
others, Fach of these vessels is to carry about
5,400 tons of coal, and they are to be about 300
feet on the heel, d40 feeton top, 46 feet beam and
28 feet depth of hold

Phe big fellow to surpass the two vessels de
seribed is to be built for New York men in the yard
of H. M. Bean at Camden, and is to be about
345 feet on the keel, 355 feet on top, 48 feet beam
and 0 feet oe of hold, registering about 3,000
tons net, and having @ carrying capacity of fully
6,200 tons, dead weight ‘

It has been said by old sailors and by many
buuders that 4 schooner or any other wooden ves
sel of such length 48 these schooners would be
teuder, that in @ seaway she would strain and
buckle amidships, and this asseruon has been
borne out in the case of at least one of the new
five-masted schooners; but the builders are willing
to take orders ire veasels of any length; ao long 49
owners are willing to put money into web craft
and men are willing togoto seainthem. The big
fellows have all made money, and the ambition

to ca: @ coal mine ata load will bably
soon call into existence the seven-masted Schooner.

It contained this inventory of the guns he |

 

TRICKS WITH MONEY FOR MANY

TOURISTS TO LEARN,

 

The American Woman in Paria Writes
That England Ie Bad Enough, but Whe
You Get to Paris Watch Out—The Ba
Francs and the Bad Five

“In England,” the woman wrote back from
Paris, “it is the half crown you have to look
after and the two shilling piece. There ia #0
little difference, you see, in appearance, at least,
though there is the difference of six pence in value
The half crown is two shilling and six. ‘There

 

      

 

Francs. |

is 4 cross on one of them; but when you are in |

4 hurry who is going to stop to look for croases?
Nobody. And that's where they get you.

“This is their little game.
crown down on the counter and unless you keep

|

|
You lay a half

your finger glued to it, saying meantime in a |

loud voice: ‘This is 4 half crown,’ they anatch
it before you can blink an eye and declare you
have given them a two shilling piece, which na-
trally, being two shillings only, leaves you six-
Pence short, Thetrickisanoldone, Itis played
principally on Americans, those rich Ameir-
cans who come over here scattering their money
broadcast and leaving the trail so dithicult for
US poor creatures who have to look out for the
Pennies while the pounds fly. An old man with
two front weth and no hair to speak of spoilt my
trp to Rottingdean with a trick like that Of
course it wasn't the sixpence | cared so much
about, but the principle of the thing!

“It is wise to keep a sharp eye on the ten shil-
ling gold piece in England also. It is exactly
the same size of the sixpence. Of course it is
6 different color, gold, and the other silver; but
they look the same in the dark. One night com-
ing home from Victoria station I gave the cabby
his fare, one and six; that is, | was under the
impression that I had given him one and six
for the moment. He held the money close to
his nose, examining it with an eagle eye on the
lookout for extras. Then be drove off at a mar-
Vellously rapid rate for a London cabby. He
fore he sped out of sight he thanked me for the
ene and six. The resonance of that voice of
lis! It remained with me for weeks. It visited
tue in my dreams. Upon examination of the
contents of ny purse I discovered that I had gen-
erously given him a gold ten and six I never

aw him again

“Itis bad enough in London, but here in Paris
you must keep your eyes skinned all the ume
The town is flooded with bad money. There
are bad francs and bad belf franes; there are
francs dated before the Republic that are conse-
quently no good and there are francs dated after
the Republic that are worse, If Napoleon the
‘Third has a crown on the money is all right;
if he hasn't it is all wrong. Most of the time
ho hasn't the chost of a crown, It has gone
where the woodbine twineth Then
the bad fivefrane piece; and of ail the bad pieces
floating promiscuously about it is the worst.
[tis Sicilian, or itis Spanish or itis South Ameri
can. It is everything but good) On some of
them there is 4 lady standing up; on others she
is wtung down, If she is standing up the piece
isgood; if she ts sitting down itisn’t.

“But how in the name of goodness,’ says the
hoy from Sheecaygo, ‘are you t tell, coming
home in the dark about 8 o'clock of a morning
with 4 dozen or more American cocktails aboard,
whether the blooming lady is standing up or sit
tung down? You can't, And that's where they
Dai you :

“They nailed me, too; but not at 8 o'clock in the
mormng. This was how it happened. You see,
I spend all my spare change and more on that
kodak of mine. Itisa gourmand, thatthing, It
eats money, The chocolates I might have had,
the peppermints, the handkerchiefs and necklues
with the money that went for developing baths
aud dishes with spouts ii one corner and films

They would fill tooms, Itis strange the hold a
kodak getson you. Many a time Liave walked
miles to save up sufficent cab fare for a set of
films, LT rarely take acab. 1 go on top of those
elephant ‘busses, where itis cheap, ord footit for
the sake of the hodak, lL had paid ont so much
money for ye | baths that I putin «» mild com
dant to the girl who waited on me at tie Place
ehLaome,

“The machine will break me,’ [ said. ‘This
isthe third Umein three weeks that Ihave bought
Wonung baths atone france iifty the bath, At this
rate [shall shoruy become @ financial wreck, 1
Wish J had never seen the thing.’

Aware of the fact that a small
passed from my hands to bers, she
that wasgneved She thought awh

ested a remedy There was a tot
ie {mix myself, she said, a very reasonable
toning bath To must get so much gold at the
chenust’s, and so much typosulphite of soda
IL must put the one inte a lange bowe and fill the
betde with water | must put the other into an
other late bottle and fill that bottle with water

fortune had
oD & Jook
6, then sug
jug bath that

    

 

 

 

 

Then, when I wanted my bath all [had todo w

\ sur a litte out of each into my me ‘
ane mis the two togeth and pour then t
the dish, and there | was! Cheap’ The whole
thing woulda’t cost me two fran fifty if that

andit would last me for mont!

vhs and montl
Imagine my delight. Now eonld afford a

   
    

 

   

candied pear, maybe, or one of those litte cherry
Ples in tue window of the de ease tear tl
pension that are worth dietr gold. S
rave me the addrs fa che the Ruewela
F speniere That tite old chemi I went grails
along the boulevard, buoved Up oo hopes tured
the corner and entered | op, laght of step and
joyful ot heart | Vousee, Pdidn tino hie
the gold unin a bott'e about the size ofimy thun

pon asmalbsquacre
me two fraies fifty. Lo kiew about that fit

T expected it. Lihe the px It is alwass wit!
youn Parts, just asin England everything vou

nail, theh, paper, and charged

huy is one and six, two and six, five'and sis or
seven and six. They couldn't take off the six if
they tred. If you descen! to pence it is sis pence

and three farthings, Those forth ines!
“Lhanded the litte old wretch ten frames in geld
He gave mo a large and festve five trance 4
with a few other franca, and IT went on me: was
rejotcing Later, at the Bon Marche, the fiv
fr ne plece Was rejected with scorn

 

Nest pas bon, said the man at the des
asbrog that }rougnt his shoulders up somen
about his ears ‘N'est pos bon.’ said am ther

taking it and peering at the fady with a mistrust

 
      

ful eye, A crowd gethered, The atmospher
thritled with V est pas bun I trembled in my
bottines: for they east an jous glances on me
llooked sround cautiously fearful of gendarmes
aud | bed reason for fear It 19 eprainst the law
to pass bad money in France if vou get exught

“The man at the desk gave me back the money
without calling the wendarme, for which | was
thankful. Hastly offering him the contents
of ny purse T retired to a quiet corner and took

aA lok at the five frances mvseif. True, It was
had In fact it was just about as bad as it could
le, The lady was sitting down On the way
home T counted up the cost of the cheap toning
Vath thet was to last me forever almest. ‘lwo
francs fifty and five bad franes made seven francs
fifty. [T groaned, But | was to groan some
nore According to directions T had filled two
farce bottles with water, put the precious gold
into one and the inexpensive hypo into the other
Beth had dissotved so DT count tell tether from
which. Then IT had hidden them under my hed
outef harm's way: for Made moiselle, a young
thing of sixty, who keeps the pension, looks with
eves oskance Upon the various and sundry bottles
containing my toning baths, my developing
baths and other baths belonging to the outht
of that kodec of mine

“Unon my arrivar [ found that the femme de
chambre that's what they cal the irl who
vetends to clean your room over here had
ts cked over one of the bottles and broken it,
Of course it was the botue of gud. On the bettom
of it T found floating three undisseived grains
Seven franes fifty for nothing! And the tme
I have had trying two get rid cf that bad five
frane piace! ‘Tf yon it will to me give.’ said Mad-
emciseile whose English is as bad as my French,’
‘Twill it give to the wine merchant of me, and
he will it change perhaps Pertaps! It was
well said ‘The wine merchant of her kept it for
four months and returned it, All his patrons
were French people, he explained. There wasn't
an American among them, or an Englishman
Therefore it Was Impossible for him to succeed
in working it off. Mademotaelle regretted much,
So did 1. A young Swede with a long yellow
moustache curing ecstatically heavenward of-
fered to take it te one of the cafes

“There are always a lot of Americans around
those cafes, he said, ‘I will give it to the waiter
and he can fool some of them with it maybe

“Tt wasn't long before he brought it back, ‘There
werent SO many Americana about as he had
supposed and those who were there had lived 4
Par's long rons to know qbont thet lady ane
reject. her she happened to etttin own,
It didn't take them Seer long to learn the bad
money, he #aid, that is if they werent women,

‘Tthanked him. Then I trled it myself, Every
where | met with elevated brows, French shrugs
and ‘Nest pas bons.’ So 1 git disgusted ony
quit. Tye got that old five Franc plece yet
suppose T shall have it always, since there is no
geiting rid of it, I'm going to frame it and take
it back home with meas 4 souvenir of Paris aud
the titde old chemist in the rue de la Pepiniers.”

  

All the Elements of a Bargain.
From the Brisbane Review,

“Arthur, dear,” she sald, “I do wish you
would not use clgaretten
“Why?”
\ Because you don't know what fa in them
Oh yee do, Why for the triffing sui that
a claarette costa you wet pjostine, valerian
Tose ly a little morphine, and any quantity ot
She looked up {ato his eves and murmureds

“Arthur, «| i in,
4 Wiyieats it does secm like barge

 
 

there is

 

' part of Fourdh sireet between Christopher and

SOME TRADITIONS MENACED,

 

A Proposition to Do Away With the Namo |
of “Places’’ op the West fide.

During the time when the Greenwich village
on the west side of town, south of Fourteenth
streot and west of Sixth avenue, was the tiost
fashionable part of New York, it was the custom
of iw residents to adopt eeparaw designadons
for certain blocks of houses. ‘Thus, Si Luke's |
place was that part of Leroy street facing whas
is now St. John's Park, Ashland plece was that
pare of Perry street becween Greenwich avenue
and Waverley place. Spencer place was that

West Tendi, Van Nest place that part
of Charles street between Fourth and leecker,
Ludlow place was that part of Houston street
beiween Sullivan and Macdougal streets, Se |
Clement's place, Macdougal sires! from Houston
and Bleecker, Cottage place, Hancock street be. |
tween Houston aud Bleecker and so
on, the number of such “places” belag practically
the same as wie number of streets fn which there
were separate blocks restricted to residencies

With the growih of the city, however, further
uptown, and the general designation of stress
above Fourwenth street by numbers, the official |
establishment of new “places” tu the Greenwich |
village, wards Nine and ‘len, cf the city has
ceased, but these designations have been pre
werved tenaciously by die older inbabitants,
being disrevarded generally by the newer gen
eration. Recently, there has been some agli |
thon for the abandonment of even a senblance
of such names, and at the first meeting of the |
Board of Aldermen in 1900, there was presented
@ petiion signed by 4 number of resideats of Van |
Nest place setuag fora in detail these facos |

‘That Charles street exteuds from Greenwic), |
avenue to the Hudson River; that Van Nest place |
is the name of 4 block of ground on the northerly |
side of ( harles street, between Fourth and ileecker,
comprising eighteen city lots of private dwellings,
that the houses on Van Nest place are nuimberec
from 1 w 18 (the odd and even numbers being on
the game aide of the street) and that on Charles
street proper, eigiiteen of the houses are al6o nun
dered from 1 w 15, the odd numbers being on tie
northerly side and the even numbers beim on tue
eoutherly side of the street; that Van Nest place
is now practically unknown, except to persons
living in the uumediate vicinity of tue bluck bear
ing that name, aud for that reason cos pressinen
and all others vaving packages, letters or Inessagres
for delivery upon gully for San Nest pe ”
gre invariably directed to Charles street, and told
that Van Nest place aia ( harles street are the
same, and, therefure, from the fact that there are
two sets of numbers from No 1 to dsin that street,
the delivery atthe wrong house is made frequently

The request contained in the petition is that the

was

ne side)

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

name “Van Nest plo be discontinued, and (hat
the numbers of the houses on the block be changed
to the nuibers tiet thes be entitled to on
Charles street, \brevam \ tatters om this
lace was called, was a hardware merchant, intl
Ninth ward, and was elected an Alder ) froront
in 143838. ‘The purposeo! Giose who seek by chatlre
its designation 18 primarils f cour to obviate
the annovances arising irom a duple f
Bireet names and of street nunibe it i

 

 

mate intention of many residents of thi ghb
hood js to have all the “pla nan oe Aw
with officially, as there no longerexists, except
on sent ental wrounds, any reason f thi
tention of such titles ¥ i lwreatl, tothe
fusion of visitors and are no tonver acce asa
designation of restricted bo tdines i

heen Jarre ineresse in iness

this part of town wit the | ror * veers
and a considerable exodus ts old:

DESIRES ENGLANIOS® DEPLAT.

 

French Canadian Wishes for the Downfall
ot the British Finpire,

 

 

 

 

QuEsre, Jan, 12. —Fvidence is vubetir
here that ti hiimate defer {Great Brit !
South Africa and the disruption of the bmy
would be baited with extr ” tisfaction by a
very influential and nuime element ana
diana The latest pubhe a ration of port
ance on the subject is printed i he Semaine
Religieuse, whi eclares itself to be issued jor
the authority of the Roman ca li 1 )
of Quebec. After referring at le 1 to Great
Britain's troubles in South Afra end to w t
deems the evidences of t decadence of Great
Britain asa world's power, the Sem ki
continues

“Lift up your eyes, French Canac for t
day of your redempt is athand: ¥

 

and conquered by bongland,

pressed by the race infnenmdly to you, whose chil
dren are forced to s}

ever hater

  

lk the tongue of theirappr

 

 

 

 

       

  

 

    

 

 

     

sorsinthe schoolsof Manitoba, youshall atlen
gee the star of liberty rise for you, and yourr
respected by those who have so long 4
them. ‘The Hritish colonialempire, w
over one holf of the earth, does at not rese:
the statue of Nebuech rar, with the feet of
clay? Whatsill to Engta nahe i
years of hers { today Pura
time Bn, d led the nations
earth; is she not thew youl, in ber turn, to be in
vaded by hostile } ‘ Shell she notoned
hostile armies fall upon her sand devi
Jandon, Mauchester ane All tl
cumulated hatred of cert m suddent
burst a ternble teny Ahich will cast tot
ground this statue w | eotot clay Enfand
Is oll powerful just poy hay be stra
Is tis thal we we voit At, 1 ibaser taf
the Enelish mee may make t nines
of ( anne mek wilest aalbite tirat
When all peoples Po have burst the
bonds of the gre d stra thatthe Fren
Canadians shall coninue to eadure oppres
The chances of the five ylony reblet
oppressors } then Oe tn fa foe sietim
Notal Hritush euthorsty hute ry
form of Atghose tlaret ’ » World
as will, is hateful te those for " em
Religieuse pe ‘ In | ms {rs h
intluence prevaal reuythout t \ ean
continent, the editer e: “he ‘will be the
more complete if t Lit Sta ire volved
In lies i houent bg , base
participated tle me 4 dst
same pression \ de teal
opposition » the | , race ich is
partof Americanism, aru ’ fone t 1
cipal charact 2 es ‘ i
thisinsc lent renubl . ‘ Mogland
andifthe Enebsi tne ' four ’
and ” vt ‘ |
peopl li be less overt s t
t t ! | 1
tothe Preneh righet re r
i that theantipative «Unite
Ficat es a 1 ; ;

. }
lighe use is t)1 x it it
stands inthe way of fohushment of Freneh
Power tipont ! .
SIA 1 re F Oks. | RENEE

TINT
eta il
4 {4 (ti 4\\\ My
Tt Vr ¥

dod | TTT
Wh

 
 

ik

One of the New York institu

   

 

mT LTA

TE

| }
et | | {INVA Hi {14H iy
Bi ie ge |
* Wa }

RUNNING A BIG RAILROAD.

4 HKART 10 H&ART TALK WITH
HE MEAD OF A PUPULAR ROAD,

 

 

The Roceiver at the Gate, and the ‘Jolly®
tie Throws’ Why Things Are as They
Ate Eaprvess Trains and Accommodas
tion Trains The Manager's Views.

Ever since the Delacanna Railroad got a new
manager and changed ita old motto of “Do not
break the Lous boy for less than ten shillings,’
to “Haste and Waste— Therefore, do not hurry,”

eversince thet lire t)ore has been more or lese
comment on happenings that dou't bappen on
other roads for ss inany onths ata stretch Bo
an old railroad man, who had 4 little time on hie
hands, droppe. into see the new manager and
find out from him what the trouble was

Nd railroad man thought that his name

ought to get him into the presence of almost any

railroad manager. Never mind what his name
senough to call him Smith. But his name
didn tprove the “open sesame that he had thought
it would. A very well dressed suave person,

Who, however, was not the manager, met him

at the manager's door and ushered him in; at

the seme tine the gentlemanly person couched
and began t) speak. ‘This is what he said;

“We regret that you should have found it neo
essary or even adyiscble to complain of the ser
vice on the Delaconnea; we beg to remind yow
that the new manag: vent is hardly yet in the
saddle, The Christmas eongestion of trattc is
how reduced, and when the block system is in-
stalled, we shall have the bestequipped road
in the United States. We are duing as well ae
we can, and are confident that mature and further
consideration on your part will convince you
that the occurrence of which you speak wae
wholly fortuitous, and that it will not be repeated,

We thank you for calling our attention to the

matter, aud are sure you will see and appreciate
our position, Good day; the matter shall have
our i" ympt attention”

All this time Smith had been try! to get a
word in edgewise, but when he toual that the
polite person wae actually putting him outof the
Coor, he made one more effort *ad, holding on te
the door handle, cried: :

{didn t come to make any complaint!
to see the manager’

"Not to complain?” asked the polite person Ine

I'he

Ib, tha

 
 

I came

 

 

ecretulously. “lll see if the manager can ee@
you, Not to eomnlain?”
Noo to talk with the manager,” cried Smith.
“Well, well. well, not to complain?” murmured
the polile men, vanishing, and returning in an

Instant io annvwinee that the manager would
fee the visitor As Smith entered the manager's
private otice, he heard the polite man still mur.
muritue ina tone of agugvieved admiration: “Noe
to eoniplain’

 

   

 

  

 

 
 

 

Not to couplain”

Well, now, whatecan Ido for you” asked the
manager, wenially Mr. Suaviter in) Modo
told me you didn't want to complain. Well,
well, wel The idea of any one coming to see
he without aA eomplaint! What part of our line
do you live on™

“LT live in Brooklyn,” said Smith; “I do"——

\h he' that suits forit,” cried the manager,
triuiphantly; “L thought su I thought some.
thin that sort

(ef some conversation, Smith got around
tothe subjection whieh he'd com ‘The Lappen-
ne ithe Velacanna of lat

I ain aware that there a dead set among
thecommutery against t mad, “sald the manae
er “but, sir, itis anu Now suppose you

up some the ¢ f which you've
} and see w Ishall make of them”

Well, how about the time table rou put out
en the $7th, of the montu’” asked the dd raile
road man, Sani

Vell, new- that time table? Well, 1 will
teil sou, ‘That ume table was nut out only to
amuse the comintters It didn't mean any
thing Vi you know we d t send it out
wt Intlon ager ntil the g th of the month
Of Irse nner had a schedule -not
a complete one, you know; but good enough to
run on und Wwe get the block systeniin-—-

Mut there were tw undred mistakes in that

time table d Smith
1 tt

farted daptiwet

“There were two trains
same track, and the traim
in first

vent we discussed that time table enough”
asked the r impatiently, "Same peo
mt trear end collisions every day.”
ther,” seid Smith. “The
Can't they be run on

  

LamMine. oO

 

 

 

   

, a!
ir iways late

roturned the manager, with deci+
wes West bound trains
st of the way, and when
course they're late. Easte
hil, and you might
but we don't do that
on the Relneans We don't intend that coun-
trymen shall find it anw easier to get into the
| metropolis than itis for the city
* free and pure airof the
the west bound trains are ale
WAS te the east bound trains are late, too.”

Well, vour cars ar says crowded"

\ n't thes komor inble with pene
ple st ripe i nsofthe seats
tthe manae
Prether than @
the arm of @ seat cecupted

ng, sir’ Nothing!"

In sending out ace
thead of express trains’®
With a tone of dis
A tment 1 { hom that neo one would
that Phat means, sir, that our
Aaceomi Ms trains ar as good as our ex:
press t 3s if not better, We do not intend
thatar nin sha puton airs beeat itis eall
s train, winle anot! i called an aes
jon train, On our d, the first train

g ut first, whatever you call it. Ite
firsteome tretserved- afar field and no favor’—
{othe devil take the foremost.” thought

Srutt ithe ddn'tsay so, he only said
there was some commen
yeugine to take out the five

it's this

 

» fou
lie pretto the ten, of
unt triins conve wn

expect them to make time

 

! em ene

 

   

 

   

 

 

ged the manne
mitthat Til
by rights to

en engine we've had
» (mn Wednesday that
nat Plackburn, and was
four me ¢ We held that five thirty
the poor fengne could get in and take
the five thirty was late in

 
 
 

 

Mr. Maneger,” said Smith, “that's the way

t Hd oun esprit de corps Your employee@
an echamien e justwhatT should
expect them t the hunians closely approache
i ‘ Your systema

 

the manager, delightedly; “isn't
eo low, vou se how it is
rT k svstem in. everything
Its all the fault of these pase
the way of wantiua things,
Honestly now, do vou thing
i} meres f it's pane
of cur goa railroad
mw! ty d sir, whera
rity ruled? Where should
think about that
wd he shook h

said Smith,
nds with the

     

 

miRNA TY

  
      
 
   

Aff /
P aa

     

tions which deserves weil of the

public and is receiving the appreciation that it merits, is The Home

Bureau Delicacies for the Sick, which has had out its sign at 15

West 42d Street for several years.

medicines,” said the manager rece
discussions concerning the merits «

conceded that Ripans Tabules are a

“This Bureau does not dispense
ntly, “but we do hear frequent
tf remedies, and it seems to be

reliable auxiliary to the physician,

Some of our patrons use them to a considerable extent, and physicians
assure us that the formula is excellen.”

ee