sa.

 

   
 

6

LD LLL LOL LLL LDC,

OTR RAJAN'S LOST GEM.

tA OP DONALD THE SHOEMAKER
FOR BHITIRK FARE.

A Len-Thoasand-Po ind Diamond Krongebt

Iinek From Indian Love Affair ot Jone.

tym, the Artistic Safe Breaker~Loat Op-

portanity and Failure of the shoemaker,

Domald, the prison saloemaker the
eisirs to the hospital, his wrinkled old face all
twin ef with aeunning stiirk ~~ Hehe fa purpose

nind, ag Le usually and this purpose con
corned hie Individual betterment | wenty-three
montha of pris id eickened even bis indu
rated etomach, ard be was now fetermined to
ae) @ in some way an order for hospital rations
Dut bow was he to bring thie desirable change
alow Fle was afrad to appeal again to the
doctor, Baperience had taught that funclonary
thal Donald's appetite was never an lusty aa wheo
he p'seded that he was “wae away from some
dist!) aper of the innards.” aud had caused him at

such times to prescribe a peculiarly noxious dose
He

stole up

   

bad

are

and personally to see that tho patient took It
ing (hue barred by ets; who waa there who
r t possibly ede for the poor shoemaker?
Wh» but the old Colonel, the convicted banker,
fidence of all the officers, aud

ut evén
be poten

ielon

wis enjoyed the v«
leges conferred upon bim wit!
1 not his word
uid he make ©o moderate
there wasonly

 

hal pri
aski ig for them? Wou
pos
are was? Ah
one convict more selilan than the ¢
Privileges, and that was the convict with them?
Atleast there could be no harm to trying, It seemed
the only chance! !At many] sharp turns in his
career Donald had found good-natured indirection
servi eable in attaining his ends, and this course
he was again about to pursue llonce the cun-
ning smirk on his wrinkled olif face

“Good marnin’ to you, Colonel,” began Donald,
wity a pull of his scalptock, drawing up 4 stool
alonwside of the old banker's armehair “Shure, if
ther:'s a panological exhibit at the next World's
Vair ite your pictur they'll be havin’ as @ speci-
ming of Before and Arter, Why you luk more
ike vour own grandson, so you do, than as you
did when y n and renewin’ your yout™day
by dag Ike the agle bisself, that y’are :

i think I hold my own,” replied the old Colonel,
grated despite his doubts of 1) nald's ingenu-

18), 68s.

with the doctor 4

but would he, since

 

uke

 

yvict without | ‘
| Jostarrived from Injy on the P and O mail.

“Hold your own, Colonel” repeated the shoe |

makor, with a high laugh of scorn, “you holds the
rank with the rist n aud for why?
Becua your body is strens sned by bang-~up grub,
jas! se your sow! iseom maed by 4 good conscience,
AM it's @ happy man Td be, sof wud, ff T had
ay (hee wan of thim two standbys in the cooler!"
hy, your conscience is undisturbed, tsin’¢ it?”
d tne ( lazily
what's jestit, Colonel,” Doaald went on, eager-
ly “Lhere's notoin’ like a lost opportunity, you
»9, to come ut of the forgit-
{ulusae of the past, and tortur the mind far beyant
the mindin’ power of ordinary radons. Listen,
now, and I'll tell you of wan, that arter forty years
of a well epint life on the turf, keeps sappin my
sire we like a Sparting boy with acold on his chis\
ant tain, whativer rimidy may sucgist iteel{ toa
yoance, will bo met

frist where

 

 

ask Jonel

ineakin’ back

ma.of your standin’ and inf!
by a consinsus on my part, | promise you

 

 

$ was in Lunnon, so it was, Colonel, that I

u) entered upoa the sporty life, not suckin’ to

oy parde'lar graft, but orlggin’ and crackin’
uw. ocrtver 1 sawanopent se ajack of all trades
go .8 wrong. I stood well with (ue flash mob, I

dad, and tf I'd only larned to abide by businesa | |

 

priactples I might now be the head of the pr fesh
thoge, fusdd of bela’ driven into exile to pick hemp
at Peat salt-horse ia the four quarters of the globe
U., the mistakes of our yout, Colonel, how they

r Urns to tormint us, when the day ot rlcufieatuya

ts past No wonder i turned me back on beans,
t'@ morn, though I'd had nanuglt for supper but
a wad of brid el sueaked like a zebry, and « tin

 

 

ot tay made of tanbark

“Woll, Lil git down, Colonel, to the partic’lar
ting Lle!t undone, so that now there’s no healt’
in me, only prigusin’ that youll bear in mind
prisint danger of anaemy and its possible

 

ni?

 

  

r, aldy lhere sasiy old fence | hnowed ta
l.annor, named mes; a spider of a man, with
h.@tawisible web a stritchin’ cutin all dinetions,
vbile he lay back in his house in ‘igh ‘Olliway
piver takin’ annythin’ until it was fast in his
etasp, and thin niver lettin’ co. Wan of the
v iekedest old spiders ho was, Colonel, thatl ivet
Lem acrost; for he thought out jol rthim tl
iver would have consaved thim, and he tu
t.on 8 share ol the swae, t i *hiver run
mk But all the sa eo would
vance abitnowanithintoth hekuew, wh
taey Was on ther cy toa and becuz he ‘
aus @ promisin’ tow much ( wd do the
next time, be vad the pick the Uy push the
day at lis 4 a}. 68 ie arternoon,
whun a sharp, little, mat my-brown wrchunm
that! knowed as(;ornes 4 brat, tipped me on the
rite upthe

street that Lis oi vaunted me, l
dlant l was pipin’ ‘
wallet in the
af a knapsaca, an

res wil @
mit the size

ulWay to him.

 

   

  

   

 

 

“A tispictable tistionce bad Gowiez, Colonel,
With a jewelers p r w! he winded
Watches all day, whin he wasn't mil uping
Dew spoons the old spoons he had muted down
As Leitered, tuere t tall and thin and as
dark a5 a mulatty, standin suid t unter
abowin'’ a washed chain t 1 ledd He
barely loose i up Jest Pans into the rear room
my man, ! iid, ‘aud whin i'm at lasure, I'll
examitio in rq ieation’s for the work L
wish.’ And thin IT heered bi und es plain

 

to bis customer as how he neer anudder band

in his shop, butil ested irom my looks as how

IT might not pt tle) Oh, asly old

Spider, ( lorel s ed to waven'’ all sorts of

pnares that ied go out of his way to lie jest to

keep in pract«
a}

 

i lad barely time t iskiver, Colonel, that
there werent) n i eta t r the mantel
Wuthnabbin anithatthecupboardin the carner
was doubie locked, whin h em eakin’ ia

"L hopes I haven nal,’ he

Ball pleasart!y ‘Tse

  

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

end thin, with «© turn the he e pinted out
@ mirrors) set er inte nt rear room
as ty reflict Ivers t 1 that wint o ide im
glad all the he continooed
go intint r rive ta '
outitor ys «the bay ur!
thin he went it © that a ¢
Haldy had je uff
on bali-pay, anid ha Pk
firedest diiaod that is
hanale analy 3 r r
of the dival tre r
idol Furdermore es ro WAS
pettiecd outin @ certing ni on the
Hrighton road Ant that the a. mond was kep
in wat thim sptirical sates in the drawin
room that the namint up ao you rht take
4t for anny piece of u irnitur’ unless 5
hap istubhed ur toe agin it
‘ jnatun i t
Sura’ said ( snd if the Major died tn
his slape they'd have to dynamite the durn
thing
thin whats to be I continooed; ‘I can't
hug it away with me asi! it wa me new kind
of skittle
‘You wants aaudder man. Gomez explained,
with a fierce lo in t \
the Major stoom ‘ti ‘ i rie
elory Toul by way fe the gutter pine “
verandy roof Gag hit t u wn
and twist some oakumioin bis toes and set it off
and you'll s e} 1
fn token that he
“NINYV, SaVS] ! he all nar le vh
for you ver ween A pirate ania '
kin iajan butts agin my graft to fire aud
tha t
J tfull of poweler end it up
and be dar ryou fora pig headed bnglisher
that iu ' w' says }
\\ tfort ! nef
} nder pu dat ‘and I
qgont l estuy r
1 hk
N ! t lonnt |
an 1
a ‘
Alatt ‘
(1 why, if T kin
you
} ‘ seys |
well wanttodo
‘ eM r
e ‘ re Ww t .
' So. that. for
Calor there { ered a arevinent
t te. for tw
te 1 1 pork | ‘
1 tr hel
t
stat stil haincend me
the whip t { Vou see
en a ved where
! 1 r 1 was
t k f It»
' ‘ t ! istgive
r t 1 Y ik rrut Ta
e hada t been
hl i 1 n ne
hon I s'pose s e wantin’
“ \ Ud iver
Ree n, vavy be ir 4
eres Teh © ore piesttn his
elinder tor ! “a AN Pheumantic exprissun,
and bong, slim har *s tasayal's, if you'd
fiver heard him speak, with his vice betuned to

Matera) melody, it is swear you would, so you

| up the Jush
|

wud, that he wasaartist And so ho were, Col-
oucl, with but few compatitors in his line, Set
him before a safe, Colonel, aad tt was 4 beaut u
sight t> see thim long, slim Ongera a'turnio’ 0
the knob, now fast, now alow, while bie trained
ear listened clus, liko @ music master enjyin’
as narter A beautus sight, Colonel, and a sur
piisin’, for loaned behold you, jest whin yaa was
exspictin’ him to (row up bia duk ee ond give in,
wilh atwistend atucn he'd have the dvot opened!

It wae a nateral git, Colonel, and Joely n
didn't misuse tt He nad no part of passel with
the flash push Wohin he did a@ job it waa becuz
lis puss was low, and mhin he made a etrike, he
wasollto inet, travellin'on the Continent, rivallin’
in pictur’ galleries and goin’ daffy over sunsets

   

mm mounting sides L weren't no proper pal for
him, Colonel, butl had helped him out of a tight
suop onet, and be kinder cotteued to me, and
th Lit was wellknowed he worked aglitary,

he'd goin

and on bis own piapts, mow and agin
fust

onaiay with me T'raps it was beour m

      

| ROMANCEOF A PHOTOGRAPH

faviot tu bim panned out ao well, that I did the ,

second one Lina tellin’ you of and whieh ta
cause of my clubbin’ myself nights and needin’®
so .¢ Telate for the sufferin’ | endures t'too come
pun tunes of conscience

‘Well, Colonel, Lsought out Joselyn, and found
him a mopin’ in big room atthe howl, stun’ alone,
with jis head on his hand, for all the woruld
like ® poet @ huntin,’ bis cronk for o limmortal
idea ond not tindin’ at Melancholy? Why
if you had a skiteh of that young man, you'd
swear as how arter burryin' his last rladve, had
jest diskivered in hisself the symptoms of the
caine mortual disease At fust he wouldn't
listen tome, but kep’ wavin' me aside, mutterin’
bitter words a3 how he was cussed enough a' ready,
sud Was goin’, so he was, to some far country,
ala there, on a gruel det, and clothes made of
sack-cluth aud ashes, tw repint of his sus, But
Lkep' persists, and finally Pouutioned the party's
name, The elect on Joselyn was s'pnsin’, Col
onel He jumped up from his cheer, and began
to stuinp up and down the tlure,

‘What not Major Baldwin,’ he cried, ‘that

 

“The wery same,’ says L

“He mive a wild laugh, Colonel, and his eyes
they sparkled as if they had a pale of dynamos
behind thim. ‘Tis fate,’ he muttered to hiacelf
‘L would be mad not to atfimpt it Somethin
might happen, ani anmnythin’ is bettter than
this utter hopeleasness!’ And he loped up and
down some more, and thin he slaps me on the
back, and says, ‘I goes you,’ and in annudder
moment waa a ringin’ the tnkler and orderin
by the bellboy full, And to break
into the conuguity of my story, Colonel, is it
anny wonder that I thinksof thim old times of
booze, whin tryin’ to down my bootleg in. the
marnin’ with a extry chewin my mouth to dnve
away the taste?

“That wery night, Colonel, me and Joselyn,
Arter leavin’ acabina eccluded clump of wools,
fied down the Brighton road. We was well
flited out, In smooth datk clothes, with aneaks
in our pockets and half masks and dark lan-
ters, and him with a rewolver up his sleeve and
me with a life praserver. We didn't talk much,
I know, foe we had tt all nned out as bow we'd
iit in roo the library winder. ly seemed a dead
sire job, without enough juice in it to keep me

    

 

wide awake. T remimber sayin’, ‘Wonder if the
Major is @ old bach,’ and how  Joselyn ane
swered, ‘No, a widower,’ not bein’ fly enough to

ask how he knew: though it kem acrost me arter-
ward like the pint of a joke net got onto to onct
Cin we wink, up a lane, and cover the paths of a
Italvan garding, until we stood on the side ver
andy. lL cut around the glass and thin !nld a
sucky cloth up agin it, and thin gintly tapped;
anda moment arter the pieces came off as alsily
45 4 loose tuot’ cutof a babby's jaw

“Jovelyn wint in fust, Colonel, which was a
mistake, for not knowin’ properly how to feel
1 with his fee', he knocked over a cheer
We stood sull for a instinck, lisuuin’, ready for
a blow and # break away; but there was not a
sound Thin I flashed the glim. and led tie
wav. The house it was double. with the library
on ene side and the parlor on the other. There
was a wide hail in the cinter, with the stair-way
~ormin’ down, and in the rear of it a great fire-

  

   
  

 

the |

place, with seats set in deep on the sides, out of |
sight, and quite the thing, I'd sav, for coortini
L led Joselyn to the splurieed safe, which was
oovered over w tapistry, and looked for all
the w fd tike the canoply on # elephant's hack
in a sticeus, and thin E yint out and. stritehed |
myself on wan of thim fireplace settles T’rou |
the curtained doorway of the drawin = room, I

could see the faint rim of ght with Joselyn a
in the cinter and now and thin i 4 bear
{the tumtlers as he kep’ turin and
I felt comf tatie I did, and so IttUe

 

   
 
 

 

 

THE SU

7H MAN OF EXPERIENCE
THIF,

now
WAS MISTAKEN FORK A

This Story Exploins, t'o, Why He Hasna
Mortal Grudge Against a Certain Young
Woman-Queer Muddie That Resulted
From the Volunteer Efforts of an Ama-
teur Detective to Clear Up @ Rebbery.

“There's one woman stopping 4t 4 hotel in
this town now whom IJ have a mortal grudge
against and I'll give a month's salary to any-
body who can devise some plan for getting even
with her," said the man o! experience

“What's she done?” asked the young man who
amokes
candidate for matrimonial honora’

“Heaverw forbid,” returned the man of exper-
fence, fervently. “To be sure she waa a pretty,
interesting creature when | firet knew her and

 

 

I coniesa I waa fascinated by her charms, but |

when it comos to serious intentions in her direo-
thon I peverentertained them fora moment. But

notwithstanding the absence of expressed sen- |
timent on my part she held me in her toils as |

tightly a4 if she had been married to me fourteen
times over” The fact is, so strong waa her crip
on mo that she kept me landed in jail for a day
and 4 night and I was as helpless in her hands
as a piece of putty. Lo made ber acquaintance
six years age this winter, My friemd Parkinson
was really the cause of the trouble. Parkin
gon was a jeweller located at Syracuse. He and
I were very close ead

buteeldom, we maintained a degultery corres
pondence. Ono day I received a letter from
him the very superscription of which indicated
that he had been in a state of high excitement
when it was written and 1 assure you that be-
fore | had finished reading it I was in 4 similar
frame of mind.

“Parkinson, according to the letter, had been
robbed. Tho thief, uncer pretense of desiring
to make 4 purchase, had boldly run away with
a double handful of valuable jewels from under
the clerk's nose. The local police were hard at
workon thecase, but it promised to beadifiicult
matter to find the fellow and In order to facilitate
the work of tracking him down they destred his
photograph, which they believed ought to be

easily secured, considering he was in the lan. |

gua@re of theclerk, ‘The dead image of your friend,
Mr. Jackson, Mr Parkinson’ Impressed by this
extraordinary resemblance Mr. Parhinson had
80 far presuined upon our frien ship as to request
me to send him my photograph for use in the detec
tion of the rascal. Naturally Parkinson's letter
precipitated me into 4 most distressing quandary.
It was ar extraordinary request he had made
and {t waa difficult to decide how Lought to reply
to it. Indeed as matters stood then it was tm-
possible to grant the favor for | had never sat

to a photographer in my Iffe and had notascrap |

of apicture to offerin evidence againstthe doughty
thief, A second reading of the letter gave mea
koener appreciation of poor Parkinson's situation,
however and being desirous to help him recover
his lost property, if such assistance layin my
power, I promptly fmformed him that I would
glediy add my contributiont
and would, therofure, give a photographer a sitting
at once and would forward a pasteboard copy
of myself to him a@ soon as possible.

“In accordance with that decision I called on

the rogues’ gallery,

| Glles, a Sixth avenue photopgerapher, that after

consarned over the india’ of what promised to be
anetar puddin’ of a job, that L began te fancy
what | would do if 1 owned so foine a4 risidence;
hov Td have }il'ards in that room, anda bowlin
e 1 nudder, with plinty of quiet nooxs up- |
states for tossin’ the kyards, All of a suddint, |
{ r # that with the parlor on one aide |
ani the brary on the udder, there wasn't as |
Y ‘ o used up, a8 had seemed in the house
when we approached from the rear. That bein’ |
at must he anodder room or rooms off to |

 

ectin

‘ vith the rear part of the
patlor Boty

 

ere wes the door, and who might

be within there Pe thought made mo unaisy,

Cl for how enud Tkeep me watch on what

Tdidn'tikn . shout, so up T sat and looked t'roo
t r PASSAS

in that wery tust moment, Colonel, I wae

conselois of a Mghtenin’ of the gloom, beyant

Joselynsglim: and asl bent formid a glass door
wed itself, on the furder elde of the room, and
ina tall female tigger bearin’ a lamp. The
ropened, anda young gal paswed t'roo, My
she wana beauty, anda stately one at that, ‘drissed
as she was in some dark clingin’ gown, with her
black hair a hangin’ down nigh to the flure, §

moved along so nomelessly, like @ wision on the

 

stage that Lcould but set sil and hold my breath
for fear she would wanish. She turned into |
the front room { stopped short. At that in-

L heerd a click
feet with the di’mond in his hand
thin two faced each older;

 

 

thin he tore off his

 

mask and eried, ‘Roselind, don't you know me
“What are you doin’ hera Mr. Joselrn”’ ast

the gal, gintly, but with all the composur’ of a

jitme onthe beneh; and down he fell, at her feet,

besachin

 

lam ntl and goin’ to oxtramos of
entraties that condemned men haven't reached,
wht have beerd tryin’ to pray on the night be-
fore th last.

 

“It was lke a play, Colonel, with mein the box
and thim on the sta Fust they began to tell
each odder, what each"must. have knowed, how
they met on shipboard, andfloved to fust sighy
how the old Malor bekem suspicigus, and whin

 

   
 

 

 

  
   

 

he arrived in Lunnon learned rough about
Joselyn refuse his furder acquaintance. And,
indeed, Colonel, [think the gal had made up her
inind to abide her father’s decision; but, Lord,

    
 
  

he love vou, sh in’t have a eartly show agin

Joselyn's eloquence lie swipt) away herob
tections and ler scruples with the storrum of his
peseion, a clingin’ to her and risin’ gradooally
unhilheheld herin bisarms, and theirlips prissed
clus togither Thin, I knowed he had won; and
so he had, for arter a fow whispered words, the jral
she darted away and back agin with @ cloak, and
offtuey wint, t'roo the library and out the winder
ff f my sight forever

was aflctin’ play, Colonel, and ao it
e price] paid for that box was too high

fi

 

t t!

were

   

Whale [set there etarin’ arter thim, like a gaby
atafacr. the thought auddintly kemto me, ‘Where
d> T stand on this ere deal; where's my share of

 

awag; where's the Raiv’s*di'm
leed, Col I rushed out of the house, anc

e lalyan gerdin’ and down the read to th
wods. ‘The cab was gone; and I was

nd” Where

   

    

 

 

    

 

   

  

 
 

and Joselyn sprang to his |
of 6 Becond ]

noon and gave him @ rush orler for 4 dozen pie
tures. At the end ofthe week [ heard from Pariin-
son again. ‘No trace of the thief yet,’ he wrote
Hurry vour picture along so I can put it tn the
hands of the detective I have engaged. You
need not be afraid,’ he added, ‘that by trusting
your photograph to me in this delicate mission
you will be running any risk of exposure tu pain-
ful p ‘licity. Lassure you your picture will not
become an exhibit in the rogues’ gallery to which
you alluded, but will be the property of my dete
tive alone who will respect my wishes and «nb-
ject you to no Inconve:

"T felt nota little relieved at this asaurance that
my face would be sealously guarded from the
police force at large, and aa evidence of my ap
preciation of his delicate manner of handling the
matter I matled to Parkinson that evening one of
the pictures which Mr. Giles, my photographer,
had just finished. I did not expect to receive any
further news from Parkinson for several days in
remard to the theft.

ence

letter from Mr. Gilles three days later This com-

| munteation waa ahort, and waa couched in ex-

coedingly apologetio terma

“My dear Mr Jackson,’ Giles said, T regret to
have to inform you that this morning during my
absence from the studio # young woman came in

‘ and begged so earnestly for your photograph,

) hi

which wo had placed in the window for exhibition
that my boy's sympathies were finally worked
upon to such an extent that he relented and allowed
her to take {taway with her. I believe that you
will experience no tnconventence from this indis-
cretion, but I thought it best to let you know of the
blunder at once. This is an infringement of the
rules of all photographers, and should {t disagree.
ably affect you tn any way I wil! gladly mako
whatever reparation you may desire’

“This startling revelation fairly undid me,
Tt was evident that a hateful muddle was forming
round me, and I decided to probe to the bottom
of itatonca It then lacked a few minutes of 4
o'clock, but notwithstanding the earliness of the
hour, I put away my ledger and account books,
stuck my skullcap into the stamp drawer and set
out for Giles's studio post-haste. Mr Giles was
expecting me, and scarcely had I put foot over his
threshold when he summoned his sandy-haired
office toy from the room beyond the office and
sted him merallessly on the inquisitorial stake.

Hillary,’ sald Mr Giles, sternly, ‘this ts the
gentleman whose photograph you @o foolishly
gave away this morning’

“Hillary waa visibly agitated, but he managed to

  

} atammer, ‘Lor’, yes, sir) [could see that to oncet.’
| Then he leaned against the table to give support
to his trembling limbs. She left partic lar word
that you wasn't to blame me, sir, he a se z

It wad a narrer equeale I had, lonel, to git
bevond the four seas, The next « ail England |
ran ther {the robt en Vousand

ind dimond; and the beaks was on my trail
{ got aw but that was all I did git; and think |
what lm thave done, what T might have been,
if Joselyo had ouly plaved me fair! Por we'd
have give Gomez the go bya, sur And that's |
the pportoonits, Colonel what keeps comin’ |
ba ha'ntin’ me with its gibes, that I let my

 

  
 

    

w! riend rinder me ob
rine int rest and whieh
inmy yout’ to be a wanderer on the

Do you w
* ricollection

der that I'm wastin’
and don't vou think

  

be the part ofa true gintleman,that y'ara,
tos st to the doctor that my eonstitocehun
sh bbe nourished up with spital r '

net,” replied thea Colonel firmls t
in the power of food toso «fect: vaurconsete wee,
whe T should be inclined to prescribe a course of
bread and water

Phank vou, Kindle, Colonel,” said Donald

ri from this fall with unabated good humor
“L appr tea r eemiples and honore you for
thim You'll make ft up for me, I know, for the

orte it of the

yern I've been spinnin’,
it, and ao good marnin’ to you.”

   

RACK FOR CLUR ASPIRANTS,

“Nelghborhood Quiz’? Examination on So-
clnl Posttton Started in Chioago,

 

Cricago, Jan, 12.-The promoters of the ex-
elusive Colonial Club, recently organized in

th ‘ty, Went to great paina to prevent
any but thore having anclent§ lineage
md blue bloat from becoming membera,
I the end that they might not he

imposed upon it was determined not only to
geterchapplicant’s estimate of himeelf, but
ng (ong lists of questions eon.
cerning him were sentto his nefghbors, This

 

 

has cansed no end of senandal in certain
| fashionableec es. Many applicants were sur-
prsed to Mind thelr applications and their
cheeks for initiation fees returned by mail

| without comment
The seheme of the Committee on Member-
ship was exposed andthe men who had bean

 
   

| black balled because convicted by the “Neighs
| borhood quiz” system of eating with their
; knives, smokiug pipes in company,
| being polite to servants In public
| places, sitting in their shirt sleaves
on their front porches during bot summer
| evenings do wearing loud clothes or the
wr hade of nocstle at the right time of
day, wenton the warpath, There has bean no
end of a row, Friendships ofa lifetime nave
been broken, social ties are strained aud

business parrnerships are threatened
One peculiar feature of the afuir {a that the
man who conceived the brilliant idea of quiz.
ving the neighbors was one of the victima of
tho scheme, He was dropped like a hot potato
| when the elub yu lormal y creanised, ani he
s wondering of what particular f
| Vice be has been convicd =o

 

iin Dwasn'trujnnin’ my digist'un |

 

 

T was about to flay him with question marks of ins
own She eatd you wouldn't core when IT told
you !t was her that gotit’

“This cold blooded announcement puzzled me

more thanever She" Il said ‘Whois she’ Who
is this remarkable woman who mors around pur

 

Joining honest men's photographs to subserve
her own pernicious ends Who tase, Is

“Hillary beean to ery in earnest at that un
bridled attack Lor, sts, he whimpered, ‘how
sid T know She didn't wil me no name, an’ I
didn't think toask ber

You're a reg raddlepate” Tanarled, anger

 

  

   

 

“'Yes, sir, adunited Millary, with surprisiog
meekness. Tam. isutl thelp tt!’ hea i
aA moment later apologetically e just &
dled me so, sit time sy flustered, that young
lady did, that | didn’t kaow nothing, an’ conse
quently J can't explain nothink she came in
here about tw inuws after y the off}
this morning, sir -you remenit ue Stop
in on your way down town bane 3, whe 1
you gs it, an then she came 5 ng u t
dHtood there e@kain t the pict the e el
witie Tdiuug up toe feather { ashed
my alds t heady to wer e t {
came up she potnied to your pieture there atthe

Whe $ iy little t

   

top of the ease
1

says she jave been a ted by the picture of

 

 

 

  

  

   

this han lsome mou wiih the black eyes and the
iis cull un’

‘Mr. Giles br the boy's story then
‘Ava tem, Mr. Jackso he said, ‘thats pretty
gook 1 scent nance sure as lm alis

Idisdained to reply tothissally and the boy
went slibly

"Them was her very words, sir,’ be said
hanJ e man,"’ she says, “an if you have
partic car use for it she 8a fALnY ine
me With asmile, “Ish'd lke very much to Lave
it 1 was already pretty far gone, but | held

 

out alitileloage Va koow what Mr, Giles

r, if

 

   

 

 

   
 

   

   

\
| Lbegan,butthe young lady just pinned
| her eyes to ny face an’ 1 couldnt get any far
ther. “Oh, Mr. Giles won't cor she says in
fan offhand way that made we teel that ery
thing must be all right “Or course [ll be wil
| ling to pay tor it ays st it is remark
\ ably interesting (ace Looks a grood deal like
he genutlemar wh we At just now deesn't
}at’’ | had to laugh at that Yes,” says | I
| guess it ought t Ho set for it Phiat's Mr
\ Jackson, hisself The young lady snuled again,
I then, an’ said) something Mr Criles's es
| cellent work an’ Mr. Jacks em such a fine
subjeet fora preture, an’ sir, before | knew whit
1 I was about t had removed the panel from tie
1 back th sscl and had ta fown the phet
| graph and was wrapping i ) Ilow much
tasked she Oh, nothing says | {f
| Mr. Jacksons ever make any [us# about this,”
} saysshe. os she siarted away, “just te im that
} you gave itt) meandit willbe all ryght He'll
) know it Wasnt your fault And I says. “Yes,

Miss, I will,” an’ L did teil you them very words,
an‘that'salll kn ow anoutites epthow the young
lady looked Lean tell you to a dot about that
She was dressed in black and had gray eyes and
light brown hair that waved back this way.’
Here Hillary swiped his hand backward along
the side of his hcad with an exprossive gesture.

 

*L hope she isn't another dlaappolnted

s and although we met |

Netther did 1, but tn lieu of |
information from that source I had a mystifying |

 

N, SUNDAY,
‘An’ she was doosld pretty, too,’ he put In as
an afterthought

“The boy had by that time become go thor
oughly inccvlated with the charms of his visitor

aantinaeiaeliaill

which had been foreoably  recatled in his

account of the meeting that be had for
| motlen his fear of punishment | from

Mr Giles and myself and waa blush

ine and yrinaine sillily Mr. Giles'’s smile broad
enedintoa positive lanughat that
nize hier” he asked
; ‘No, said, ‘i don't!
“Tt a clearcase,' he sald
“Oftwhat” Lasked
“Lave iid Mr Giles.
| “Greatheavens, man,’ Leried, ‘you don't mean
| tosay the woman'siniove with me”
; “Whatelse sould 1 mean to say?’ he retorted
| ‘She is either some old sweetheart whom you
| jilted years ago and have forgotten —*
i at that nee
n

“Llost my temper entirely
4 thing

‘Nover,’ | interrupted I never did suc
,;inmy life. tHowdare you, Mr Giles

“Hut Mr Giles was in ne wise daunted at my
vigorsus denial ‘And who is still cherishing
your memery,’ he went on, ‘or she is some one
| who has fallen in love with you unbeknown to

  

‘Do you recog: |

JANUARY 14, 1900.

   

GHOST HUNT,

ABOUT 10 WISIT A HAUNTED
HOUSE WHEN SHOT,

 

GARFIELD'S

WAS

 

 

K. V. Smalley Had Interested Himself in a
Ghost in Astoria and the President Had
Arranged for a Seoret Trp There on
tiles Way Home From Williams College.

Apropos of she statement made by the Rev Dr

| HUllsof Plymouth Church, concerning a myste
| rlous viedt of Abraham Lincoln to Henry Ward |

vourself and is worshiping you second hand |

through the medium of the phot: graph.’

“That, too, is preposterous,’ L declared, but l
must own that iny resentment was already be
| ginning to subside and my negation was a lit
| tle less vehement than before

“The next morning, according to per
arrangements, |] went up into the central part of
the State on business [ reached the litte town
1 of Norwich Nhat evening after dinner as I sat
tn the hotel lobby talking to the other travellers
assembled there. the bell bow came and told me
there was a lady in Parlor D who would like to see
me She bad given no name, he said, and asl
was a comparative stranger in the place T waa at
a loss to conjecture who mv unexpected caller
could be However, 1 decided tw see her and
learn her errand | went upstairs and wandered
around through the balls on the second floor
until came to Parlor D
| and stepped softly in’ The room was in shadow
with the exception of a single electric light in the
farcorner Agirl satata table beneath ite steady
glow with a huge pile of letter paper before her,
and wrote at an abuormally high rate of speed
with a seratchy pen that awoke #trange, weird
| echoes in the otherwise silent room 1 watted
| a moment for her to speak, then percelving that
) she had no intention of doing so any such thing,

Llaaid ‘Tam Mr, Jackson, Madam. Do you wish

to see me”

“The gitlarose quickly. The moment she atood
| ontin the full glare of the white light] was thrilled
} with a omichty interest. T hurried forward and
bumped against the table with a force that eent
the sheets of letter paper flying fourteen ways for
Sunday, ‘The!woman was young; she was dressed
tn black: she had gray eves, and her light brown
hair was drawn back from her temples with artis-
tie fhut! Moreover, she merited Hillery’s
grapite description —she was ‘doosid pretty.’
th. said E blankly, ‘IT guess you are the young
u who took my photograph away from Mr.
a office boy’

‘She id not apnear to be at all purturbed to
| learn that I had found her out. ‘So you know
| About thatalready, she said. ‘They were prompt
in notifying vou, I must sav’

“May Lask.’ [said, ‘why you were so anxtorvs
to secure a picture of myself”

 

 

 

    

  

4

 

   

 

| “Certainiy,’ she ied. ‘Twas on the point
| of telling w¢ ! wanted to use {t to assist in iden-
tflention. | also wished to know your peme,
and thoughtinquiry at Mr. Giles's a good way to
} learn lam a detective, Theresa hirton {4
; my name Lf sent for you Just now because I
| wish to arrest vou for Stealing jewels from the
siore ofa Mr. Parkinson in Syracuse on the 7th
| fo this month You have the appearance and

manner of a rentieman. T appreciate your feel
ings, and outof delicaey I have chosen this method
you needlessly to painful notoriety
| wise, youwill make norasistance to my authority
It will be useless, for 1 have assistants nearby,
who w gain be force any point I might fall

  

 

    

| to att rough dit acy

| The young woman sat down opposite me and

) threw bach ber jacket on the lapel of which was

; pruned a detectives badge I felt weak as a dish-
tage With all this avalanche of misfortune

overwhelming methedirst clearlyconceived thought

  

1 raked up out of the chaos of my emotions was,

} Strancely e@ , a regret forthe asinine vanity
1] had foste when contemplating the possi-
ty of the sung woman's affection for me

 
  

‘And was that all you took
You didn't care for me in he

She laughed heartily at that ‘Why, no,’
she sad, ‘how could I, when I had never seen

‘What a4 fool Giles

!, abruptly
e for

); you
! Good heavens,’
made of me,’

“L deemed it the better part of valor to put up
no especial ples in my own Cafence just then.
Phere weree gvod Inany things about this high
handed proceeding that I could not understand,
but there was

I cried.

 

Then T opened the door |

of placing you under restraint, so as not to expose |
3 If you are,

one thit | e :
Ping 4 Sid Ben recy Clanriy, | be taking place ina house in Astoria

 

and thal ways that with the card of identifica |
; ton held against me there was no possibility |
of escape frou tae Wap into which I bad unwittings

tly placed inyself unul suck tme aa 1 could pro

j duce Wilaesses to corroborate my statements
Consejueutly I wisely reserve my protests for
4 tore opportune time and quietly submitted

to the will of my fair captor who promptly con-

ducted me around to the Sheriff's headquarters,

where L gave myself up. | immediately tele
| graphed Parkinson as follows | am held bere
| on tae supp n that the original of that photo-
|

 

raph is the tief, Wire explanations to your
detective at once and demand my release.’ |
! expected to receive a reply to my message within
& ch of hours None came, however, and
the might and the next day passed and stulll

 

heard thing. On the second day of my cap-

uvity M hirton visuted mo tn my prison. tier

| faco Was pale and the corners of her mouth and

eyes drooped peusvely

| Mir Jackson, sue said, ‘l have a confession
ftomaketo you. Thave made a mistake. lam !

very i 1 was not the regular detective em-

¥ Mr. Varkinson. He selected @ veteran

business Laman amateur, I had tied

 

Linseveral small cases but nothing nearly

 

bu big ow Uue. | happened to be in Mr, Parkin-
s store la Syracuse when the clerk was de
seribiner the “| ol Wanted t aee what Ll could

»>With A hiss

Pretentious case, so 1 undertook

d

w run down (ue robber on my own hook, I went
to New York. By chance i saw you come vut
of Mr. Giles's studio. 1 recogniged you as the
man T wanted, ‘Then I saw your photograph
}in tue easel. I begged that from the be y and
fuund oul your name and address, Then I fol-

lowed you here. | was always @ good hand at

p Lug twoandtwo together, and [ thought sure
Was on the nght tack. Are you angry”
“By the time the girl bad finished her story

1 was glowing allover like acoal, | was so mad
that my ice piped like the steam whistle on a
popeern cart, but L said, ‘Oh, no, not at all,’ with
assumption of dignity

* worst of the matter is,’ the girl resumed

 
 
 

 

   

  
 

  

 

 

 

    

       

 

moment, ‘that Mr Parkinson was not in
Syracuse when your telegram arrived, He re-
erived it only about two hours ago and sent the
reply to} wn detective who is in this very
town * real thief was arrested here by him
this toon im the same quiet way in which
ftookh you up When Mr. Parkinson got your
| telogram he ware {his man to release his prisoner
{atonoeon the ground that the detective had made
at and ested his friend, Mr. Jackson,
wW so kindly loaned bis photograph for
i purpose the real robber is again at
site al \ vou
\ fam stil here,’ I sald flercely
| girl wis AWAY a few penitential teare
{r herpre ico AN owes Yes’, she said, softly
I i) bean be released as soon as | ac-
n ge eror, But 1 bate awfully to
that Il wasin the wrong Don't you think
} nsent to stay here until | have 4
eban ') retrieve myself by recapturing the
re '
audecity of the girl's suggestion was
simply stupendous, but as she made the propo
st ashe flashed me one of those hewttching
glances that were part and parcel of her being
aril ‘fore | knew what was happening to me
1 found myse NA position to sympathize with
the | Hilary She lind so wheedled ma
that I didn't) w ‘nothink’, and T really think
that while under the spell of her gentle smiles
] Id t onsented to remain a prisoner
finitely had not the real detective fortunately
tervened and effected my liberation. Of ¢ 3
j kon vere measures against the girl then
Yost ‘has had a hardening rather than ty
taal

nignent effect upon me, and when T recall the
indignity [ suffered at that girl's hiands I frel
that if Teould get back at her in a nice, genteel
way I'd make hgr bite the dust and not suffer a
grain of compunetion”

NEW USE FoR
| win
Somebody Apparently Selling It Widely tn
| Vinee of Black Antimony.

COAL DUST,

 

| A rural chemist has accidentally discovered

} Acuriove case of pdulteration, or, more aceuratels
of subst ninthe matter of a drug commonly

J sold tn pt acies, rural and urban | The drog

mmonly krown
The chemist in
discovered t

‘ide ofantinveny, eon
analy

at the tngredi

 

 

 

    
  

    

 

 

 

. lwithe e ina formula
furnished by ° rricultural Department but
that ecal dusthad been substituted for black
antimn

Struck with this diseovery, the chemist ob.
tained twelve samples «f black antimony, mist
of them from drugists in his own neighborhood

} but from New York, of these, only one

| wa y tleek antimony; the others were coal
Gust nal dunt z \ 1 dust and sand
There is mm r ose that the druggists

new «f the ' for there would be lit
Ne profit int cenit unless it were practiced
‘ \ ree scale; but it seems plain that some
mantifacturing chemist is selling a worthless
ant tute for tlaek an imeony Indeed the sul
stitiite i esentout from more than one fac
| tory, for the deven samples tested came
from the Kastern coast, the remedy ino which

j the substitution was originally detected came from
the West

  

druggist who sold a sample
' business in a fashtonalle
quarter where there is a siderable den !

for Mack anuneny oa the part of grooms and

rn New Yi

 

 

eonelimen, Who use it in the preparation ef con-
ditien powders for horses, ‘Two otherdrmug-
| Kists in the same neighborhood do not keep Mack
antimony One of them keens what is known

|
|
|
} 4s red antimony, which is chemirally identicalls
} with black antinomy though different in ap
| pearance, Red antimony is a product of chemi
j¢ pee pion n, while Nack onimncey isa natural
iuctfound in many paris a Kuro |
| cola and Nevada ™ ee

 

  

TRF. Sate ah cc ice, ih iad SB Roar oe

 

Beecher in Brooklyn juss before the issvance of
tha Emanetpation Proclamation, there le another
Mit of history in somedhing the same line. That
also Involved a clandestine viels of a President of
the United S‘ates to a house on the ether side of
the East River ‘The visl, aa @ mattor of fact,
did not take place, for a cragic event that startled
the whole world prevanted {t But it waa all fully
planned, and would have been carried out to the
letter but for the tragedy !n question. There
was, however, 4 difference in the nature of the
two mysterious Presidential visite which was per-
hape characteristic of the men. Lincoln's errand
was to seek advice on a step of grave nacional im-
portance; the other President’s errand was to see
8 ghost

The late Eugene Virgil Smalley, Editor of the
Northwestern Magatine, who died in St. Paul about
two weeks ago, was @ party to the queer Preai-
dential trip in question, and it grew out of @ curl-
ous series of coincidences incident to Mr. Smab
ley's close personal relations with the President
and certain characteristica common to them
bod. The story is one of the many Interesting
reminiscences of public men, of which Mr. Smal-
ley could havo made a most entertaining book
had he chosen to do @o.

During the cine Mr. Smalley was the Washing~-
ton correspondent of a New York newspaper he
bore a strong personal resemblance to Jamea A.
Garfield. Garfield was not Preaidens then, but
he was none the less one of the great men {n Wash-
ington at the time, a man who always attracted
4ttention un the streets and in publie places.

Tha resemblance between Smalley and the
Congressman from Olifo was 60 great that the
one was offen mistaken for che other, with many
amusing episodes as 4 natural consequence = It
Was more 4 resemblance In generalities than in
detail. Thetr features were unlike, tat they were
of much the same size and build, thelr beards
were alile in color and form, and the general
contour of thelr heads was very similar

But the resemblance waa not merely physical
They had many habite of mind and sympathies
in common, a circumstance, among others, which
made them warm friends There was in Gar
fleld's rather poetic temperament 4 strong vein
of mysticism, 4 fondness for the occult which
needed litUe cultivation to have led Guiteau's
victim into paths which other men of great talent
and strong imagination have followed until led
by them intostrange faiths anddelusions Theo
phile Gautier says there is in every man’s mind
a certain dark chamber where bats of superstition
lurk, only needing the right kind of prod to aet
them fluttering thelr uncanny wings, obscuring
the reason with al! sorts of dark shadows and queer
phantoms

In the case of Garfleld this dark chamber was
large, and the door was easily opened, if a die
creet and sympathetic hand touched the spring

Mr Smalley’s mind was precisely e@imilar tn
construction fn this respect, and the more untram
melled conditions of the newspaper correspondent's
life, as compared with the politician's, gave him
the privilege of an indulgence in mystio expert-
ment which was denied to Gen Garfleld Yet
the two had many quiet conferences on the sub
ject, and each found in the other a sympathetic
confidant

At about the time of Gen. Garfleld's inaugura-
tion there was much atir among New York spirit
ualista over certain strange ocourrences said to
The owner
of this, a hard-headed business man who had
amassed 4 large fortunein the distinclly material
occupation of waking pig iron, had had the mis
fortune the winter before to lose a very beautiful
daughter whom he idolized. She died in Florida
afteralingering illness The shock utterly shat-
tered her father’s nerves’ He brooded upon his
loss until {t became the fixed idea of hislifa He
tried to absorb himself in business, and, after a
time, did succeed in freeing his mind from his
sorrow while actually {n his downtown business
office, But the moment he entered his beautiful
hon, quite a prince place of the old fas ned
Bort ds, and a fine lawn in the

   

with wide grour

 

 

rear, sweeping down to the East Hiver-the old
griefcame back to! nr weight
At least it did 1 a strange event occurred

which he at first tuld omy in eonfidence t
intimate friends and which, with other equally
that followed,

f him and to almost reconcile

a few

  

 

strange everte med to make

quite another man
him to his loss
The extraordinary story he told
was this He bad gone to his home one after.
noon earller than usval It wes in February
a sunny day and still light and clear w
reached the gate of lus wroundsa dle had
ally absorbed that dar on an imp
as matter and bis miud was still
upon it when he entered his grounds, I
most the first me, he lelieved, since t
death, the th

his friends

en he
heen
rtant
intent
r al-
sdaughter's

 

 

 

 

 

 

losa did come to oppress him as he entered hia
doorway She was quite outef his mind when
he walked int barlor and started

    
   
 

 

the ‘
t floors to the rear

ked the

 

Wo we
barior, the 4
few renachit
And windows in her faworite
nook SA So real, s true to life
in every de ire and pose was the viefon
that, with his mind for the moment unburdened
as it was from the sense of his loss, he for an in-
«tan? felt »surprise at wecing her wherele had
seen her hundreds of times before. He advanced
asteptoward her, whereat she looked lauehir
an! briebtic at him, but held up a warning fin
which brought him to a stand st I swith
first time, a fealization of all that had befalle:

   

 

 

     

   

       

 

 

     

 

 

and «of the overwhelming character of what he
saw, or thought he saw, hel re him He sak
to himself as he stood there that it must be th
he only thought he saw it The slid) founda
Honoof hg eon which his pra
WAS Teare lt nl hin that t {

ught he saw what wast him
his eves and rubbed them hard to bri ¥
Iucination away, But when he opened them
again there was the bright. vi soll smili
athim) with both her hands n SY Weaving
a eurions Hime tace which rolled slowly to her
feet in a sort of fleeces spray which dimmed and
melted out of sight

Again he eterted forward and again the warn
ing finger went up and the lace ving stopped
And he noticed that as the bus hands ceased
their work the little cascade of melted away

 

faster and with it the vision self grew dimmer

      

   

    

 

 

    

     
  
  

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
    

When he stopped the bends flew back to the
eh etly lace and the visior ne out stronger
and clearer unuil the very living presence of the
besutiful girl who was dead was! of re him

New when a solid mannfaeturer of pig fron
herins telling stories like this to his friends in
the trade, it is quite easy to muess what thos
friends will say, or, at all events, thir Ihe
theonght it in tht wef said it, but snid it
oniy in pity fer a grief th ad bred such hatte
cinations But the strancve narrative renched

ther more sy athe irsnndeame at
st t Smailes ho wes greathy interested
ni all the quacks and sham’ “mediums
thr the ce it came #8 a trumpet
1 ree 1 in battalion and
pha The combination wes perfect
mar {f rrent wealth with his mind wide on
for “manifestations And. of) course, tne om
‘ Ions came Every night there of

the Astoria t © Mr Smalley
at neorly Woof them for sey iowe
wes thatin the ster { the inf

et weAVINg Ww
to his or ther He \
‘ Press AI f Mr os lev. w
ist eoift ef thr . :
ao storv | trld a if phereofd ate |
reserve which Was very ecuvino ing

He wrote fiomnafercohum York
paper concerning the events at house

each stury very ite oan * sim
nl voof detail and quite like a chapter tof

Sr the delicate beauty of the manifes
tations » wrifer said he eas

were distine skeptiont It

Vr. Smeaties conv

f the trot that sj

thet tie feat rn clung

1 t, ) “ ver 1 ya le
rendily that te did net foil tot
field on the subject Ge
become President rtield
sibilities of ! had in wa iy ished
his interest tn the tops y and bie friend, Mr
Smalley, had so often diseussed ihe br ent
had heen greath:  impre sed by Mr Smalley
printed steries « f the st ge doingsin the Asterta
house and was ecilme re moved by Mr Smatley «
verbal accounts of ther He expre eo treng
desire t “oe bine of tuem 4 oft ow
eyes, bit how e den Hw ver
do fer the President e United Styte )

peniv fo a Spiribiad ser ATL the 5 st
pers and table wabliers in the unire uw
making capital of it, te sas {p ical
opnonent Obviously, ite ver by '

Bet Mr. Smatiley ¢ net ae with this view
ofthe President. He thought it could te done,
and he undertook to arrange to de it It had
now met well on to Jtne Tie President was

going in «a few weeks to the Williams College
commencement,

“Go there,” said Mr, Smalley, “and on your way

eee vr errr ses

 

 

 

DO OOOOEOOO——E—E——_E—EEEEEEEE—eEeEeE————— ee ———————————EE

|

| of its pool

f her and of his awful |

; volume, and that the surplus water is running

  
 

Miserable, Onhappy Woman

Suffering Necdiessly When

DR. GREENE'S NERVURA

Blood and Nerve Remedy
WILL MAKE HER WELL.

 

tts rough roads nants
over its roa
of the jars and shocks which tear her nerves and
beauty. And how she endureef
ve sung of i coenee praised it~ the
world gained by it. But it ls wrong, we say,
It is wrong to suffer needlessly — to drag
through life listless, weak, melancholy, usee
leas and uninteresting. If there were n@
Dr. Greene's Nervura blood and nerve ream
“> would be different.

   
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
 

a1 for
as it ie for bt phy |
them look well and feel weil.

Mrs, Carciine Chandler, Coneard, N. EL, sages

Lis: q* P I had trouble with my momach f
; me ‘8 eee cha ; ouferede
se crake eeah Az Pa fester oe Soot
feirtt wovees out opt ufen Dr’ Greoush Nervers As e valusble medicine, and take

fecommending it to others.

Dr. Greene, & West 14th St.. New York City, te the most successful specialist in enring nervous an
@hronio diseares. He has remedies for all forms of diseare, and offers to give free congtltation en@
advice, personally or by letter, You can tellor write your troubles to Dr, Greene, for all commanios. |
tions are confi lential and letters are anawered fy sintn, wenled envelones,

    

| pool, thac may be seen !n moron, but this bags
|

   

back to Washington stop over a night in New
York. I will arrange all the rest You will get
away to Astoria in the evening, stay there an
hour and then get back to your hotel) And no
body will be the wiser, for there wil be absolute |
discretion on the part of everybody who ts in the |
gecret at the Astoria house,” | Isn't very active at either time, he finds the Water

So it was all arranged that this should be don pretty cold; and, while he may be sean moving
A particular medium of much fame was engage pe je as likely, fustnow, to be stretched out motlon-
for the evening, and the tron manufacturer made | less in the water, like a great fish of papfer macha
all plans t) receive lis distinguished muest he | The lively salmon, In their pool, areas likely w be
President himself was looking forward to the ad- | splasting abour in ihe nigh) (ime as the day time;
venture with much eagerness He started for | and the ble loggerhead, in the turtle pool on the
Williams College, got as far as the railroad | matn floor of the Aquarium, ts quit as likely to
station In Washington, Guiteau’s shot rang out, | be paddling around at 2 o'clock in we morn’ng
and all the world knows the res as at 2 odock in the afternoon

As for the haunted house in Astoria, the ghost As to the fishes inthe wall tanks, there are some
still came and went there, It degenerated from | that bury themselves in the sand in the tanks here,
the beautiful vision first aeen by the unhappy | atone time and anothers, just as they would ta
father down through all the hackneyed gamut | nature; then there are some fishes (iat are naturalle
of rappings and materializations of Napoleon, | More quiet tan others, more dneined, so to
Shakespeare and the rest, with, of course, the | speak, to stand around, and thatdostand aroun
murdered President a star figure in the ghosuy | and there are some fishes that may be, afte
group. The trom-monger lived with unshaken | the Visitors have gone, are less active; these ray
faith throuch it all for many years, and died | settle down then a little more and stay in one place
consoled with the belief that he had long Dean | for more or less time—many fishes are «ory sen-
in cons'ant communion with the belo dead | itive and the presence of visitors may have been
he was now going to Join forever, more or less exciting to them; but speaking pen-

while as likely to keep moving by night as by day,
doesn't hug the wall os the shark does, but often
euté across hota Conimonly, the big etghrtoo
sturgeon, tn his pool, 1s as likely to be asen moving
glowly about by night aa by day, but Just he

 

 

 

 

 

anieate nies erally the active fishes, those that are commoner
: inclined to keep in motion seem to keep going just
NIGHT IN 1M6 4CQUIRUM, the same by might as by day. Locking in any

 

direction atany hour of the night there may always
be ween in the tanks, fishes swimming; and ff one
should look Into the lobster and crab tank he would
be as likely to find the lobsier walking about now
as at any Ume; and the nervous crabs scutuing
back and forth just the same

‘The seals here go to bed and go to sleep; ns
for substantially, if not quite, everything else
here, day and mght seem to be all the sama
they take no note of ume, and many of them seem
never w sleep

At intervals through the night the watchmen
make their rounds of the building, including the
corridors back of the exhibition tanks, to seo that
the tanks are all night, and wlook after things in

Seals the Only Creatures There That Really
Go to Bed and to Sleep—Many Fishes
Always on the Go- Rats Occasional Night
Visitora—Sounds of the Night.

The Aquarium closes at 4 P. M. daily. At
that hour 4 whistle is sounded as a signal, and
the visitors begin to stream toward the door. The
last of them has scarcely gone before the sweepers
begin on the floor; they @o over the whole build-
ing, ground floor and galleries, daily

Meanwhile, the seals are being fed—the New

ane ore

Hampshire seals, in their pool, on one aide of the tt. Poe Petes . ae ar oe. Ma hioe
Aquanum, and the big West Indian seal, in its | the tanks are protected by wire screens Pafora
pool, on the other; and the West Indian seal’s | the screens were put on rates had been captured at

night in tanks, into which they had jumped after
fish, and rote have sometimes managed to em
smallerfishesoutoftanks [utthough there is no
sleep atnights—-is now warmed by playing upon | ay for the rast there now tn the way of food, ther
it warmed water from 4 hose; the etone would Hf rte a a schabe tall ae Be on Ce es
otherwise Id for it | now and then be seen to run across the Aquarium's

At this Ume, immediately after the closing poor. the only visitors after the closing hour
hour, the great building, empty, ormerily cats were employed to catch the rates,
0 . ulding, empty, looks bigger | pis the oats developed, if anything, more intares
than ever; and tt seems, where but just before

in the fish than they did in the rats, and after ono
was heard the swishing of thousands of feet, | of them, standing on the stone coping around the
how strangely quiet And, while it never seems

| wreat central pool, had lost its balance and fallen

{nto the watertnan effortto scoopouta fish awim
her than strange and fascinating, the Aquar- | ming past, the cats were banished and traps sub
with a circle

stituted. Traps are now used, with somo occa
of big oblong pools set in the floor, surrounding | & ynal assistance from the hard clama that aro
the great round pool at the certre, and with its

|
}
| xen in te feed room, to be opened and fed to the
stock. The rates go there in aearch of foo
walls linod two tiers high with glass-fronted tanks ; Sous
filled with fishes, seems, seon in the dim light of |

bed --that is to say, the stune platform at one end
upon which it climbs to rest and to

 
  

be too ©

 

 

jum, with it¢ great, round room,

 

 

everything else being shut up in a big refrigara tor
scattering gas jets lighted here and there—-early

they go, continuing their search, wandering about
over the hard clams; here at least two rats have

atthis season, when the days are short-—-stranger

and more fasvinating than ever

Deen caught, one by @ foot and the other by its
tail, between the shells of partly opened clams
upon which the clam had promptly closed tohald

The last work done at the Aquarium dally,

after the closing consists in looking after the |

circulation of water in the tanks, a vital point |

the rat a prisoner
And so the night wears on, and (n die conres
The men in charge of these things go over the |
tanks separately, one after another, seeing that

day comes again, and the Aquarium’s day force
the inflowing water is coming in with the proper

 

comes on dnty, and the fishes get their breakfag,
and at 10 o'clock the Aquarium opens

GOOD WATER FROM TREES

Why Woodamen tn Some Parts of the@outh
Always Carry an Auger In Their Kit,
From the wemphis Evening Scemitar,

off all right through the overflow pipe; the temper-
ature of the water has been looked after previously,
‘The big West Indian seal has already, very likely In many sections of the forest lande of tn
chmbed out on the warmed platform at the end | South during the dry seasons # man may walk

of is pool and snuggled in under the slightly | for miles wichout finding A stream of water ora

 

 

     

 

 

      

 

 

  

 

   

       

   

 

   

  

 

 

     

   
 
 
 

    
 

  

 

   

 

   

   

 

    

 

 

 

  

 

 

   

   
  

 

 

overhanging pigs stone a ul ar .
top of the pool, bat mo | red 19 the night spring by which to quench his thirst, If, how
Krone to load vers ably, before the last of the | ever, he ls an experienced hunter and woodsman,
ayy menleave the building, and likely to stay there | will n have to drink water from the atag~
Ml moming
j Wine AREY tied taay eh dicate ects ie due | nant pools in order to keep Hfe in bis body.
in the bower coom-—there is # force there alwars, Queer as il may seem, an experienced man
tls) ana t zlit ‘ Phe tem perat ure of the build) | can hunt for days through such dry tracts and
My just be ke Uniform, and there are pumps | ‘
iriferatware Be : aa ihe ater nae i haa yet experience no inconventence on account of
this suggests t strangely quiet as the great | the lack of water Nature has provided a means
building see ak wheo it Was first emptied of | which is ly known to the tnitiated Pyery
Visitors {is writ ‘ rer h here ; ’
ve rit ee Bee een : TERY Ai I an old huntsman carries with him, when going on
of another, is really ince nt there; and that is | & long hunt, a small auger, by which he can
the sound of rt water Ss may reach | secure a refreshing drink and water to cook wit
the ear flest in ring flow of the surpius | at any moment
water ri ng ol of the pools through 7 ce
its overflow pip wr Jeading into the A cottonwood tree or a willow fa the well which
corridor back of ition tanks is opened | the v ily huntsman taps IIe examines each trer
the tofr be weter is heard there in a! until he finds$.ne hat has wha 4 Woodsman calla
stwady, subdued roar, like thatof a small water: | a “vel: Ic i ly an attenuated protute
fall, ever 5 ve ‘The wet th salt and fresh | ance By boring into this ‘wein” a stream «
as it tO the y ous Dig supply tanks lear Water will floes ut It ist fap. but
from ' e pools and the smaller tant pure w he luptemen sav that '
filled i fror é ‘ ! ‘ al veraue eo bed frog
a f two ab 1 mary v Tiere ts no gw nt
thr that t sit 1 \ tstrong favorof sulphur, and iss]
anid tt tia- | Us d ; ,
tu f w Lhe fort annot ens!
stron ra- | be expl iwply of water can be
bor ft are ained i not evrpr “The
AlWANS | eit i ‘ i he ! rful feacir rvs
Weite i ‘ ler rr ‘
3) scarcel ply \\ ! ! eu fur
seers t s | ' the r { ! ni , } '
be four i | ' Jiterally th rit emorerer |
Pyut vv i mes ie “ ts rees f j
OECH SD fh the might, some 1 r vd
odd sou w th is beard the bark t t water he obtained
of the W being as dd tha tronwood a | tree very
somet ‘ 1 h fa ind t r tir Was recently he "oa case
Kr ' Hut t West Indian « } her t twenty years
Wit \ ‘ sbeuta Ait ppl Tver
in ty ' ul is Waiting for ites dinner jo ft yw \ ca a ain
Phe Is e New Hampel rharbor, | milf rr ract of land
eats « monls '! tintform ¢ | was in remy rnesaee side
sive} ata \ ! 4 1 low Year Nar land wase ed by the ma
its pla l t t Is fute bed | wi sned pr I djoining th
j ne t ' perhaps, splash former island — } clair “the tale
rt e} I neof wateci edaway, and rt the present
{ nur ‘ 1 ! ‘ ' sound in ) t
the \q i wl t Vy fishes r r prove that the land ha
A sound that tet rw | x wed off the topeta ¢
e henner at tor the first tir ' weeon the island and '
bate , ‘ eord that iteontd { tif is teles. ¢ ri s, lye ,
roe ' \ t ! 4, | nirgw nt th i oH ment was thata rit.
‘ ents coe 8 fore t reeeever t t et ;
fr WW the star of the the | was a sat Ne ty five ys “4 ar w
' nk; int ‘ sey row tl ' ‘
t hel ‘ hit ir ] bes
" ! \ ‘ ter J r r if
' vl ve i { ‘ ’ '
vat , \ thi nd | mibaf t pla le !
" r ' thir wii the ‘ r r ' !
hig { e ' uray f “\ \ 4 rf
Wi hor that wal | Bd ’
tis Berd. a int 1 ' o basa $8
J ° { varbou hes oo rit r tt lug ' r
in encrab pook, ir re othe shark, | be the wenr DSO fivwe
whi _ red rounds be nigh: | ring had beer rr for ey
" ' ‘ annie ww, Waving | four vears at tact
tall is wont like ') with just force Vhhe tree w ij uF
enough to tive it sleeraite wa cureur ira tes Was discovered. and | t nef le
the po I, time afer time, stand anywl atthe | of the tree « x actly f {on Ye here ;
pool's edie, atany hour and you'll see him come Although such te timony we 4 pet hited

|

around, hour after hour, all through the night

‘Xhere is a big channel, or spotted bass, in this PF hevoodsman, it was not recaved we ericdenas

by the court

 

<_,