a

 

p—emnve ere.

   

BIG ROGUE

WHERE AND HOW AMERICAN FUGI.
TIVES LIVE ABROAD,

 

Ceniral and Sovth America Most Fre-
quently the Havens of Men Who Have
Wiundered Here on a Large Scale—Kgypt,
soo, a bavorite Resting Place of Su .
rail Absconders ALL of Th Unhappy
and Many Leadlog & Wretched Existence,

  

 

berof years past I've had itin mind,

tof way.to write & brochure on ‘Muga

 

prt lave Met,” said an ctiicer of the
sh however, that T don't possess
the todo it, and go Tl tell you about
: During the past twenty years,
»pragress of several unusually comprehen:
a wes | have crossed the trail of or met
«< i rerheps (Wo seore or more Americans
is og cubof the reach of American law in various
parts world \ few of them have been in
counter » which the United States had ex
tradition treaties, bus most of ther looked to the
nafet t to the exclusion of everything
‘ and settied in lands where the arm of the
trited States law did not extend at their time of
that Quite a few of them have been famous,
aloof them have been more or less infamous
[refer parucularly to several of them who eloped
wit funds of poor people's savings banks
and! hem, that Lean reesdl, has looked
1 ‘aman in the enjoyment of peace of
m r} ness T have happened upen the
macority of these absconders, forgers, embezziers,
efaulters, What sou will TI, myself, possess

lity for the good old English word

 

“as s
thi 1s t applteable to them— in Central
and South \merican ports. in Fgypt, ant in
Japa IT remember 4 couple of them who lived
in small towns on the west coast of Mexico,
“Nex ised to be the first stop of the Ameri
can fugitive an his way toCentral or South Av er
ica brave days before extradition treaties
were negotiated with nearly all of the countries

that offered havens for men who needed to hide
Now, whet sor abseond
ersof high degree, as moastof these chaps, young
and old. that TL have met
their thef's when you consider that these fellows
without luxurious
it's hard to understand why they ex
eha peculiar and unanimous penchantfor
ngoutfor Centra’ or South Americal could
never see where either Central or South America

u reflect thatembezzler

Were in the extent of

were exception pleasure
loving

hit

atri

  
 

way into the picture when it came
At the time that most

ad there were Spain, ‘Turkey,

worked (heii
toa matter of having fun

of these fellows jumr

 

 

 

Algiers, Holland, Cuba and Japan open to them,
none of those countries at that period having had
estradiuon treaties with the United States. Then
wiy ntral South Amertea® PT know all of

ssoof both of those Americas pretty

and, as Tsay, there isn’t much fun in any

of them for a man used to the whirl tn cities of
the United States On the east coast of South

America there is, of course, a lot of high-rolling
in some of the big cities, and the man who wants
tof

cet himself and his past may plunge ir “

feverish way of living in some few of these places

and throw dust into his own eyes until he wearies
of that game, But had I been, before the day
of practically universal extradition treaties, a
fop-noteh, high grade embezzter, capable of get
ling away witha large, satisfying pile, L wouldn't
have lit out for any of the Americas. I'd have
gone either to Japan or Reypt. Of course, all

the chaps who struck the Americas before the
negotiauion of extradition treaties have now got
to stay where they are
the United States law, having hit their bavens be
fore the ratification of the
to stick where they are.
or Japan now

“There's comfort for hiders in Egypt, for there
the fugitives from all countries fraternize on
perfectly even terms and get all the pleasure out
of life that may come to men whose consciences
bother them, provided they have
Venent alifairs as consciences
placa ty sin than any country | know in Cen
tral or South America, tou. While in Central
and South America the man who is known to be a
fugitive from the United States ts mot looked
down upon to any large extent, but goes his way
on even terms with the best of th
of them even float around in the best society
all that an American thief who settled in Japan
or Egypt had w do in order to establish himself
perfecuy with the best class of uatives was. to
ve it out that he was an esile ‘for political of
ences,’ and he not only walked in the ways of
the best, but he was looked upon as somethin
of a figure, even as 4& sort of mysterious lion 4
have met three ‘political exiles’ from the United
States, the agg reyate amountof whose stealings
was considerably above the $2,000,000 mark

Most of the United States fugitives | have
met brought large portions of their peculations
along with them to their new homes, and, going
into some surt of business or other, did well from
the go-olf. LT recall a few exceptions to this rule,
however, Forexample, L once stood aud watelied,
or an hour or two, & man who was running a
merry omround in Truxillo, Peru, a town that
I wouldn't live in for five vears for less than
$1,000,000, cash in hand. ‘This man, who was
Prematurely white haired, though under midd!
ase, Was surely a bard worker, and the energy
be devoted to Whacking the mule that furnished
the motive power for the merry-go-round, and in
Col lex nag the coppers of the half Indian women
and child ren who patronized the outfit, was worth
Waiching. There was some sort of a fair going
on in Truxillo atthe time, and suppose the merry-
®o-round man, at the end of a hard day's work,
Picked ¥ the equivalent of 83 of 84 inour money
Now, I happened to know as I stood and watched

this man at his work, that he had been the cashier

‘They're immune f m

treatios, but they’ ve got
They can't go w Egypt

such imeon

Egypt's @ better

 

Lives some

 

§ WHO'VE LERTUS |

  

| grade as it unquestionably was, that included

 

Of & Chicago savings bank, and that, while his |

ulations had amounted to over 8800,000, he

d only got away about $50,000 within cash
Taddressed him by his right name, and I felt sort
Of sorry to see the fellow's face become so ashen
In hue as it did) TL asked him how much he had
Got away with from the United States in the
Course of the talk we had after he had become some
What reassured, and he told me what alre: dy
knew, that when he jumped Chicago he bad close
00 to $50,000 in gold in two leather trunks, and
that he had been robbed of avery dollar of it by
brigands while crossing Mexico. When he had
struck the west coast of South America he was
broke, with the exception of his jewelry, and he
had pawned that to get his merry go-round out
fii, with which he had made a living, hauling it
round sinall Peruvian and Chilian towns

obbed by brigands, eh” I couldn't resist
the temy tation tosay to him That was the irony
orate with a veugeance, wasn’tit”

It was what was coming to me,’ he replied
Rloomily. Then he clubbed and gee-upped the
boorold mule, and | walked away

Another man whose stealings were very larce,
but who only got away with an indifferent portion
of them, was running a shooting gallery in Rio
de Janeiro when [ saw him, about ten years ago
He, t Was an ex-cashier of a bank an lowa
nattonal bank

ra

   

“ humber of years, and he had wound himself
Up bY geting in with a clique of bond formers and
aceeptinug alot of forged bonds as collateral, know

 

  
 
 
 
 

 

   

Ing that they were forzed When he landed in
Out America he had only a few thousands in
har ‘ e quickly got rid of this in drink and
Seneral dissipation. Then he started his shoot
INR wallery lis wife, who was still a bandso
if Somewhat worn, woman when IT visited
Soli egailory, andhad ben ona of the lead
{he ficures in the soctal fashion of the State of howa
hel: fe her husband's dishonesty was discovered
and He took to flight, was attending to the loading

* target guns, while her husband did the

Chey struck me as the heaviest
vroof human beings { had ever seen
been called upon before to feel so sorry
rthat good, loyal woman who stood
id the little counter jamming cartridives
(runs and handing the guns to silly,

    

 

ine. Spanish spitting bucks

: Yer another man whe wasn't crafty. enough
Set away with any sizeable portion of the large
r ve Ne ab le Teaw down in Montevides He wes
anid man, and he was running a dingy little

Ary Keds store He had been the cashier of a
dry foods house in New York,
ritw Years he had got away with from
OO") to 825,000 of his firm's money each vear
mixed up by marriage with one of the
ers of the firm, and he had been permitted to
‘Way withitwhen it was found that he hadn't
ar with whieh to liquidate bis irregular ir

Wholesale

  
    

ecness to the firm. He bad been in Monte

ronning his pocr little old shack ef a dry

4 tit for twelve vears when [ saw him

ne on one of his counters reading an old

Th Newspaper” ‘This man was a figure

ss if ever thera was one, and I own
Wis softenouch to feel sorry for him

 

 

 

 

 

     

he up te the chaps who got away with big

a re safameus club downin Buenos Ayres
te the meeting place of naval ef

ae Pir 1 ¢ trlee when they get into that

por I} Wmade ita point to offer its mest

att Nive beospitatity to maval floors up to about

eee hut T think Pm quite within the

for i. " g that no naval cfileer from anv

id de hry t et his foot within that club

nar The naval offeers made their

roe thanks to all of the clubs offers

Ost 'y When the organizatlon admitted

me say! ; members aney State Treasurer

; — »wWholanded in Seuth America

7 n SSOOL00O f his State's firs,

r t business venture , lnrwe

9 k Buenos and

; ' ; “ars to quadruple bis

. ' He was running a lig

a - ren he in Duenos \yre vhere

hua - : s tien, by the way, has a atvenger

mi the thitants, rich and poor alike,

than in aay olter place, pehaps, in the world,

He had thieved on a heavy seale |

THE

   

   

 

 

 

money et gave enitmous nem wer chares | ELLIOTT COUES ON GHOSTS,

Joined the Roman Catholte Church, and became
about as prominent a foreign figure as there was
in Buenos Ayres His history was perfectly
well known to the people down there, and yet
for some Insertutable reason or other, he stood
pat even with the large e lony of Americans and
‘nglishmen in buenos Ayres, and they defended
him eloquently

A GENUINELY SCIENTIFIC MAN WHO
S41D UE HAD SEEN ’EM,

Before His Death Ne Promised to Return
to Karth if We Could—-That Wouldn't Be

 

 

os me ae man auccooded Aa way or the First Time Mis Ghost) Has Beon
other in inducing the people o uenos Ayres, ab Jon’ we
native and foreyrn, to believe that he was more Bean, . os — _ — =e
sinned against Qian sinning, and that he had copt Pinaneially, — ang on | Only
to flee the United States because, as ‘Treasurer Viguratively - About the Ghost Chill,

of his State, he had been good natured and fool
ish enough to endorse he notes of a lot of his
political Triende who had not made good when
the pinch came

From the Cincinnati Enquirer,
Wasting ton, Jan 6 Dr. biliott Coues, ths

In what fashion he contrived | famous ornithologiot and member of the National

explain, however, just how he managed to strike

Acade Scie » Who died « ne
Buenos Ayres with bis huge br odie of money Academy of Sciences, o died a week ago, was
Was & matter with reference to which hisdefend- long recognized as the foremost advocate of be-
ets feet sull ' ape man's case wes hnown Hef in the existeuce of ghosts He had promised
© all the naval officers of the countries thate

‘ we snide that 80, he
apt ahite to tue Bouth Alikee cies, cued several of his friends that, ifable to do so, he would

appear tothem after hisown demise, and now they
fre waiting with no little iuterest to see if he will
carry out his agreement Himself a ghost seer,
4s he used to say, he enjoyed discussing the sub-
ject of phantoms in the same method of cool-
In little details of conduct which they are. fe | headed analysis as be would apply to the classi fi-
quired to observe and Which they do observe | C®Uon of birds or any other matter susceptible
the world over, Which is why a good many | of 4pproach by rational argument The writer
of us were put to the embarrassing necessity | was so fortunate 4s to possess his friendship for

of placing our hands behind our backs and walking .
away when we met this public thief on the streets Many years, and on many a Sunday afternoon
oe Ay 4 and were about to be introduced | has spent an hour or two with hin in’ his study,
tohim by mutual acquaintances: } . king is
” 1 er api adist » h Ss
Down in Pernambuco there was an ex-Assist- oe s pipe and a dish of tea, talking spook
ant State Treasurer who got away with @ I have myself seen the ghosts of a good many
very large amount of money stolen about twenty | dead persons,” said the doctor to me one day,
“Lremember one occasion, when | had just gone to
bed, the light being turned out [Twas composing

|
years ago, and whose offence, at the time | saw |
im, was Said to have been outlawed by the stat- |
myself to slumber, when I suddenly became aware
| of @ presences in the room ‘The impression con-
|
|

they didn't feel that it would be precisely the
Tight thing for them to accept the well: meant
hospitality of a club, swell and otherwise high
& notorious embeazler among i@ members, [|
needn't say that, as a rule, naval officers are not |
Prigs or canters of moralists; but there are cer-

  
  

 

 

n true; Um not very conversant with these
matters, At any rate, he was one of the most

of limitations, whieh may or may not have |
successful coffee shippers in Braal, and he surely
i veyed to my mind was that it was the presence of

stood ace-high in the estimation of all the promi
nent people of Pernambuco, His history, too, | a certain person lately deceased, with whom T had
we t 4 “) ) *e

ts thoroughly well known to the people of Per | heen on very intimate terms. In fact, I felt an
nainbuco, but, like the buenos Ayres embezzler, :
he had cooked up a very plausible-sounding | OVerpowering sense of the nearness of the individ:
pny uate with whi hit y condone his theft. He | ual in question
elamed and he made the point suck with “At about the same moment there arose slowly

everybody down there, that he was not the real
embezzler at all, but that his ehief, the ‘Treas
urer, Was the man who got away with all of the |
money. ‘The ‘Treasurer and teal culprit, he said, |
Was married to a member of his, the fusitive's, |
family, and as this lady was dying with eon |

from the floor a vebulous mass of what looked like
shining white vapor, which began to take shape
as did the smoke from the casket opened by the
fisherman in the Arabian Nights tale Gradu
ally it assumed a more distinct outline untl it
Presented a radiant image of my fnend = The
lips appeared to move, and from them came an

sumption at the time the shortage was diseov
ered, he, in order to save het the Shock that would
have been caused by her husband's disgrace,
hed nobly determined to play the part of scape

    

goat and assume all the responsibility for the | intelliirible utlerance a message from the depart:
rOnmure? # Oy culation \tlecting, very, Wasn't) ed) Tdo noteare to say what that message was

at’ ot didn't dovetail in any manner whatso ,

ever, however, th story, with the facts in the I can assure you that the vision was no dream,
ease as they were known in this country at the | and the nature of the message was such as to

ume the lange embezzlement was discovered
“About a dozen years ago this man, who was
introduced to the officers of the United States |
ship Lancaster as the real thing, and whose actual
history his introducers kept dark, was a guest

eliminate, to my own satisfaction, at all events,
the theory of hallucination What, then, was
this shape of shining white vapor? Was ita hu-

man soul? [tis a question pregnant with intense

When
he became quite me he began to relate the
history of his lifein several biccoug he tlanguages
He sympathized with himself a great deal, and
lachrymosely,  "Paking it for granted that the
Lancaster's off knew alk about his reason
for passing his life in an unattractive Brazilian

of honor on board the Lancaster at dinner, He

drank considerably too much, as some guests | Hterest

of honor at mano war dinners unfortunately The doctor took another pipeful of tobacco,
have a habit of deitut once in a while, and,

Nehted it, and, with a puff or twe, continued
‘every afternoon at about § o'clock Tile down
on the sofa in my library for a brief rest before
dinner © ying this re-
pose, wice awake, there comes

muah

isionally, while en

ers ‘
though perfectly

seaport. lie began to condone his offer by upon me the peculiar sensation of the ghost chill,
lating the ghost story which he had successty which T will presently speak of. IT wait with
worked off on the people of Pernambuco

officers then remembered his case perfectly, at moch attention and interest to see what is going
they felt pretty cheap over their wuest of hor to happen, aud presently DT tind my own consclous

    

 

        

    

He found himself the ship's steam laun hess projected bjectively, as it were, so that my
bound for the beach, before he had half finis consclous self stands out in the room and views
| his yarn, and that, Whenever an Ameri my body Tying on the lounge. About the latter
mano war hay ~l to drop into the harbor | {8 @ bright light, which grows gradually until it
of ambuco, kept pretty dark until she | bas fille 1 I} the room, and my conscious self
pi up ber mudhook and wenkto sea agair finds itself surrounded by phantoms, most of them
ave looked over on two or three oecasions | Cf persons whe appear te be strangers to me while

the colonies of American fugiuves in Alexandria | (thers. resemble acquaintances who have long

 

k about and eon
ugh net audibly
eof the situation,
f whatever T ob-
ments the spec-
nthe sofaagain

and Cairo. They were a care been dead, They seem to wa

!
|
but] was told by men that knew that they eagerly | etse in the ordinary way
listened to every serap of news from the United All the time Tam clearly ay

|

|

}

eelooking lot

     

   

States, and that in cultivaung forgetfulness | aud make iseful mental note
they consumed a@ great deal more liquor than | Setve, anul after a few brief on
was good for them. kgvpt used to be the haven | ticle vanishes and Tfind myself
of most of the financial fugitives of Europe, and, “Itis obvious, if ghosts exist at all, that they
as you may imagine, Egypt isn'ta half bad placa | must be made of something My belief is that
to while away a lotus-eating sort of an existence, | they are in @ sense substantial and possess semis

 
    

     

if you're predisposed to that sort of thing. Three | material strueture, Tf you ash by what T mean
American fugitives were pointed out to me in | ‘Send material,” TP owill refer for illustration to the
Cairo a number of years ago. Two of them were | ether which is understood to oecupy all space
young 1 and the other wasabitbeyond middle | It has waves of known lengths and measured
age The stories of their thefts attr t ihe | vel city, which strike upon the retina of the eve
usual amount of attention at the time the details | @nd produce impressions of light, In short, we
of the peculations were made publi All three | Know a good deal about this ether, but nobody

| @ver saw a particle
the molecular constituuon of ordit

has net
Ty matter

of these men were said to have plenty of mones fit, inasmuch as it
and they all seemed to me te be more th
dling drunk at the time they were shown to Itissemi materia, Thave no notion of the nature
They were received into the homes of of the substances that make a ghost, butl sup
English people living in Cairo rf Were the ab- | pose that when @ man dies separates itself from
seonders from) European countries recog , the grosser particles that ecmpose his physical

cially there; but they appeared to lead I ty , Organics The latter decomposes, hut the spiritual
comfortable lives in the hotels among them % partof the individual dees not necessarily share

 

nom

 

      

  
  
 

with their women folks around them, and of | that fate, being composed of finer stulf

them relleved of the necessity of passing up and | “Ind it ever oceur to you that we ourselves
around any bluffs as to who and what they were | may be moving in a world of unseen spectres
in their own lands In fact, it used be the | and continually surrounded, whether at home

case that any foreigner who turned up with plenty | or on our walks abroad, by invisible phantoms

of money in any of the Feyptuan towns and set | Of the dead?” It has been asumated that for every |
tled down to live there simply spared the pains | Deing now living 30,000 have died on this earth,
f putting on any ‘lugs,’ as we eall social four | 80 that, if the spiritual bodies of all preserve ex
flushing in this) country Everybody ino the | istence here after death, we survivors area but a
town knew just who the neweomer was and how | Comparative few, passing a brief termof vears
he stood, and he soon found out that thew knew. | of what we call life in the flesh amid a vastim
] was told that the caste and precedence idea | palpable swarm of beings incorporeal Indeed,
prevailed among the women folks who used to | MY own notion is that itis only the wery rare
accompany their husbands te Pgyptian exile and exceptional ghost that makes itself visible

   

but the men themselves were content to
other as they were and keep mum be rewarded as wholly extraordinary
After all.” concluded the naval officer, “the “We have reason now to think that there is
truest maxim of the lot is, ‘Be good and you'll] | NO such thing as the highly conventionalized
. ghost represented by

lake each

to the living, and that such a phenomenon is to

 

be happy J Wwadiuon and. described
in popular fletions -the appariven

COPrpse like

s 7 : ; which enters by preference at the stroke of mid
PERIPATETIC VARIETY SHOW, night, dressed in a winding sheet omellite of

z . : the grave and dravging a clanking chain through
The Young Darky Who Comea Around to | the sliding panel just by the door, wiile the can

   

dles burn blue and the dogs how! dismally
“According to my own observation and to the

testimony of many r reliable persons who

have observed such phenomena, the real spectre

Your Office to Do Stunts,

“LT wonder if you know George Washingten™
said the young doctor, meditatively, to

 

the drug

   

   

wist of a dead persen shows few signs of Hfe, resemb
mar . ling a magic lantern pieture more thea anything
I've heard of him,” said the druggist, sarcas: | else, to which tt is readily comparable. Tt does

tically not speak or use its limbs, its methods of locony

lion, When it moves, being agliding.,  Itas clothed

st in garments such

“Oh, IT don’t mean the father of his country,

  
 
  
  

not in aA winding sh

 

      
 

 

        

but the little ‘Mluescure Doctors’ | know of noth as were worn in life s individual of whom
ing or no one better for smoothing out marks | itis the eidolon n Itappears by daylight
| ofte at night ever wi
of nerve weariness than George Washington.” — | 8 pften as at nigh never with any purpose
Po » * in {ts actions that is at all « mprehensi ble One
Another one of your proteges, 1 suppose, casionally it is self luminous, In most cases
snered the druggist it disappear 4 through a door or wall, but eft
“No, on the whole, T think George considers | S$ SUapy pass a y. " shadowy mist = §
. phantasmal!l flcure is seen as the
me one of his," said the physician, good humored!y nea dark background; sometimag
He is about four feet high and has big white | the con bur is indistinet, and resembles a lumin
» tenth wlekene te , oi us cloud) se imes th t e atall, but
ivory teeth gleaming from a frontispiece as black merely a diffused gl

 

He has a mother,
& bedridden cripple, and a litte brother and sis
ter, four yearold twins, totake care of. Hie doce Said he

not look as if he had @ spark of humor in his en “Each of us, | believe, bas in him aghost, which
tire make up and yet he can make me laugh untl | ordinarily is confined to the preemets of the bods
| e lie y oe a ‘
the world looks quite fresh and enjoyable once Wh nTdie my ghost leaves my body permanently,
’ and, having done se, perhaps it may ninue
more to be the vehicle and means of expression of con
tmust be four months now since George first | 8lous Wi memory and understanding, St
; Paul ws, re natural bod 1 j
called on me. Lt was during my regular oftiea | Pau! says: “There is a natural body and a spiritual
body It is of the spiritual body that Espeak

and as shiny as a coal seam

 

The doctor's pipe
} match from the sku
served him as a mate

nd gone out He took a
fan Indian chief, which
h bos, and lighted it again

 

heurs, | remember, when [ was siting with my Our bodily senses take cognizance of no forms

feet on the desk wondering if there were any sick | of many re Re pt those which are in a certain de
i rree¢ o t atte ! {

people anywhere, and if there were how they | Bree or cConcensation but, ty Thave already said,

 

the spiritual body may fa more raritied and
tenuous substance, The nonappearance ofghosts
to us may be a question,
spectres, but of the acuteness of our perceptive facul
ties. My own experience is that the coming of
an apparition is always preceded by a curious
sensation which I call the ‘ghost chill’ When
} this symptom arrives, the threshold of conscious
ness seems to be shifted to the extent of rendering
possible a perceplion of Something ordinarily
nvisible. The change is usually very brief,
lasting only a few seconds, during whieh the mani
festation occurs
Since ch iood Lhave found myself possessed
of an organism in whieh the threshold of con
sciousnes s markedly capable of such shiftir ge
On sever occasions [T have been aware of the
presence of the spiritual bodies of deceased persons
who gave to me information that was not other
wise obtainable, and who conveyed to my mind
conviction of their idenuty “The evidential
value of these experiences is wholly personal
of course, Inasmuch as they are not subjec tt the
ordinary processes of verification
“In each of us there is an inner individuality
which ditfers wholly in its characteristics from
ourother self, Itis not subject to the law of Fray)
tation and it cannot be mechanically affect: d
to its injury or benetit. Tt does not depend for
its being upon the welfare of survival of the body
Only a nickel fust time, then two fer, Give | itinhabits tis capable of changing its Loc ation
yo’ whul 'tainment, onhistry, badly, v'riety | by its own volition under certain. circumstances
vest yo’ ever heard, all fer nickel; diffunt ev'ry | sueh as T will presently mention, though probably
time, Isitago, boss” not exactly in accordance with our ideas of trans.
Sure,’ said | putting the nickel on the table fer through space ‘To sucha being the notion of
“Then George started in Orikistry,’ said | tine is doubtless quite different to our own, and
he and played a waltz on & jewsharp; played it) this may give iia duration of existence compara
well, too, ble with our notion of endless ife. Very likely it
“Bally, boss,’ and be danced a regular planta. | is not confined to this planet when once released
tion doubl@shutfle.  ‘Leadin’ v'riety feetyur,’ and | from the body. Indeed, nothing forbids the as

were to begin to find out about me \

has to do @ good deal of patient waiting,

young
doctor
and

‘The druggist laughed

“Oh, | was too serious to notice the joke,” smiled
the other as he continued hard net
fo wish for accidents and calamities to others
when your life's success, if not your bread and
butter, seems to depend on just sueh happen
ings. Well, that was the moud J was in, as blue
as indigo bag and the Danube combined,
when the door was pushed gently open and a
woolly head appeared around the post

‘Hallo! said the head

“Thallo! DT answered

“Doctor, ain't yer”

*T noded

“Out of a job” i, a

“Again T nodded

“Wanter be ‘tained

“What” | asked

“Want ‘er be ‘tained? ‘Cause [ kin do it, yo’
bet,’ and the woolly head was followed into the |
room by asmall body neatly but poorly clad

I looked at the solermn face of the little fellow
for aminute before I said, ‘How much” and be
wan feeling in my trouser pocket fora stray coun

 

 

“I's so

  
  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

he began to imitate a horse walking, trottir sumption that it antedated the body which it tn
canterning, galloping, and through tt all,whet habits. It is the soul of ordinary language,
he was announcing a change of bill or was per and may consist of a substance as dense Tor its

forming the ‘diffunt feetyurs,’

I never once saw | conditions of environment as is the physical body
the ghost of a smile on his dusky face. At

do! or the conditions surrounding it

 

 

 

by the time he had finished, made a low bow and | ‘L have spoken of the permanent) separation
gravely asked, ‘Wuth the price, boss’ 1 was | of the ghost from the physical body as implying
laughing so hard Leould not stop | the death of the latter, but there is plenty of evi

“Cum agin, tomorrow, or nex’ day” asked | dence to show that it sometimes leaves the cor
Gorge tentative | poreal tenement for a brief me, presently re

“Then | questioned the little fellow and found | turning IT inyself have seen phantoms of living
out all about the mother and the twins and how | persons on more than one cecasion, which looked

George was Jaking care of his fambiy’ by going | and acted precisely as the individuals themselves
about te stores and offices during his turn, asking | might: have done They looked like tures
a nickel for the first: performance and coming | thrown upen a sereen by magiclantern usually

twice a week therealler for a nickel in advance | being recognized for a few moments and then

 

 

from ‘reg’ lar eust’mers.’ He will come five times | disappearing: but in some cases they had every
a week for ten cents, and everybody makes dates | appearance of solidarisy, to the extent of hiding
with him as regularly aod in as businesslike | objec te behind them. T never heard any of them

speak, but on two oor three oecasions they gave
intelligible messages by their atittudes and ye
tures. There is neo essential difference between

the spectre of a living human being and the ap-

a fashion as if he were the manager of a big theat |
riecal show and we the proprietors of Cheatres,

Nughts he goes to dime museums and ‘ten twenty |
t his version of which |

 

 

  
  

thirts’ tu see new things
we get mext day pariiion of a dead person, so far as appearances

; Vn gether,” added the doctor, “| consider | wo. Bach of us, as | bave said, carries bis own
Georve one of my greatest finds and a real bene: | ghost after him, which ordinarily is under the

factor, It is a comfort to have a good laugh
all to yourself and in spite of yourself once in
awhile You can ‘sugh so much more enjoy:
ably than when yourlaugh is more or less hemmed
ip and cut down by your neighbors

eontrol of the possessor, bul sometimes appears
to act independently As a tule the projection
of @ phantom by 4 living person is an involuntary
act, resulting ordinarily from great mental pet-
turbation, with the cause of which the individual

iE eas

 

Hot of the existence of |

to whom the spectre appears is in some way con-
nected, The most starting instances of this
kind occur 4 little before or shortly after the death
of the sender, and such ghosts are known a8
‘death wraiths.’

“One reason that I have for believing the evi-
dence of my own senses in this matter is that
on several occasions the apparition of my own
ersoualily has presented Tiwelf to other persons
hn places where my body was mot at the time
Some years ago | was in Chicago at an ordinary
evening party with about forty friends, when an
individual in Washington, who did not even
know where T was, was visited by my phantasm
and received from it a brief message, stating
where T was at the time and giving the names
of two or three of the guests present persona
with whom the observer was unacquainted, This
was the rare cases where a ghost made
itself audible. The Society for Psychical Re
search has collected enough carefully attested
and fully authenticated instances of such ap
pearances to fill two bulky octavo volumes

“Of course, in a study of this interesting sub-
fect the chief and obyiows ditfleulty is te distin=
uish veritable apparitions from mere hallueina-
tons, We know that the bodily senses are very
easily deceived, and therefore we have to be on our
on in sifting all the evidence obtainable. There
6 probably not one of us who might not be haunted
this very dayornight by axpectre projected by his
own fmagination,
learning have in numerous instances recorded
their observations of familiar phantasma, which,
though they recognized them as purely creatures
of their own brains, have been constant com
panions of their waking hours, always likely to be
on hand and accepting no hints to depart

"You ask what would happen if one should ap-
proach @ ghost such as I have described and try
to touch ft) My reply is that there would cer
tainly be no danger in doing so, for spectres never
do anybody any narm, the fear of them enter
tained by most people being simply a dread of
thatwhich is unknown and notuncerstood, What
ever is unknown 16 always terrible, But the
phantom is composed of matter teo tenucus to
present any obstacle, and | do not doubt that it
would dissolve and disappear if you attempted
to walk through it”

 

GLOISTEKEIN'S FIGHT BULLETINS.

His Telephone Messages on the MeGovern-
Dixon Affair and His Flight,

Extraordinary bulletins on a blackboard an-
nouncing the result of the MeGovern Dixon
prizetight were displayed on Tuesday night in
front of the saluon at Grand and Essex streets
conducted by August J, Gloistein, President
of the Gloistein’ Fishing Club Several men
interested in sporting events who depended on
Gloistein’s supposed ability to secure inside in-
formation were looking for him yesterday, Gloi
slein anticipated them and went fishing

Fred Miller, Treasurer of the Beer Creek As
sociation who manages the business when Gloi
stein is away on piscaterial ventures, spent the
day making excuses to the men who bet their
money on the strength of Gioistein's announce
ments. Shortly before nightfall last night,
Miller escaped and on going away said

“LT would hate w stay here and answer for the
Tam no sporting man and neither

 

 

consequences
is Gilvistein.”
venture into the sporting atmos
slick looking

him in

Gloistein's
phere dated from Monday when 4
man entered his saloon and addressed
the following fashion

“Mr the
1 believe

"Yaoh
py det Scheutzen Corps

Just the man you have beem described to me,”

Gilotstem well-kuown sporting man,
I vas a spord ven I vin all der prizes

‘replied Gloistein

said the yous man

Do you know continued the young man,
“that 10.000 Hebrew sports on the East Side have
a national and heredity desire to see the dusky
succumb before the Me

 

e prowess of

 

iplon

Govern who is a low Dutehman in disguise

"T dont know who MeGoverns vas," replied
Gloistein, “Lam gladt dot he vas alow Cherman
Ven | heardt dot MeGoverns vas goin ter fight

I did not know dot he vas a low Cherman, He
hadt a regular irish name. T hobe he vill vin
Py chiminy, T hobes he igs der colored chentle-
mens. If MeGoverns his: vooden shoes
he vill ki¢ dee feets undt angles undt her stimick
from Dixons.” ”

fam not here for that purpose.” said the ye ung
man “Your place tonight wilt be erowded, i
sou hang outa sien te the effect that the rounds
of the fleht will be received by you and maced
ona blackboord  Forthe small outlay of 810 we

vears

will provide you with a black beard, a boy and a@
quantity of chalk. The returns, round by round,
will be sent to you over vour telephone You

can chalk it up with the assistance of the boy on
the blackboard ‘The 10,000 men who will erowd
your saloon vill spend m and the $810 will
simply be an atom in the financial Mood which
which will pourinio you as a return for the outuay
If you dont take in 8100 from the het sports of
the East Side who will crowd the place, then we
will return your m .

ney

“By chiminy, TI goes you,” said Gloistein as
he handed over the money
"Now you keep your ear on the telephone

said the youn@ man “The boy will chalk upen

ur blackboard and T understand vou have one
here, each round as it eomes in. When T call
ou up and say itis Charlie Wagnes, who sells

baby clothes, you know that they are off."

“Whois off" asked Gloistein

“Notyou, netyou,” said the young man That
is only a sporting term

On the night of the fight Gloistein: placed his

mammoth blackboard on the sidewalk in front
of the saloon and posted himself at the teeephone
The first message he received was as follows

“Preliminary bout between Jeffrey and Sharkey
Jeffrey kicks Sharkey in the ribs and Sharkey
bitus Jeffrey in the cheek.”

“Pud dis on der board,” shouted Gloistein to
the boy. “Sharkey got first blood by a bite.
Jeffrey vas veakened by a kig.”

The boy did as direeved and in a few minutes
a crowd surrounded dhe blackheard

Sharkey | his eye and because he did
not want to lose the other one Tim Sullivan who
runs the club declared all bets off and awards ihe
ision Vo Jeffrey,” was the neat message which
Gloistein caused the bos wrile on the black
board, co the great consternadion of the erowd

“The second preliminary bebecen Jim Corbett
and Spider Weir has ji started,” was the next
bulletin received by Glolswin and reeorded on
the blackboard

Am afterward Gloistein received the fol
lowing alleged information

“Corbet drow a Lleckjack from his pecker, and
when Weir wasn'clooking he Lit bim on the nose
The ‘Spider’ turned a handsprings and hic Cor
bettin the face wich che back of his heel Corbec
fell to the floor and Coroner's Physician O'Hanlon
declared hima dead one!

A number of Pas: Side

 

nute

rts in the crowd wept

     

when this information was conveyed to them by
the medium oof Gloistein's black board ey
gained courage afterward when Marin Engel
told them that Corbeut was still alive

The next message received by Gloistein over

the telephone wa
"MeGovern Jusceniors the
old fashioned night stick

ring armed wiih) an
Dison came in a few

momentsaefierward with a baseball bat fastened
to his belt fom O'Rourke was just belind him
with an axe
“Pud dation der board,” said Gloistein to the
boy, “Write id dis vay 'MeGoverns vill bead
Dixons if O'Rourke will nod mind his piznegs,’
This information was communicated to the

erowd and shortly afverward they were endced
inside by this announcement on the board;

Gome inside ;
You villfind oud
if MeGoverne beads
der black ans
The crowd fled Into the saloon and for a long
tine there was a4 lull in the proceedings, during
which Gloistein treated the crowd to liberal po
tionsof beer, The elimax came when the telephone
bell rang and Gloistein, afier answering the per

son on the other end, sald

“Dixon ving der fight in) thirey cleht rounds
MeGoverns turned his back vile talging ter Dan
Sanders of Bosdon and Dixon soags him vid his
shoe on der head MeGovern goes ould He is
onid— unde vo_am TT bet two cigars py Me
Governs, dot MeGoverns vould not vin | inside
of von hundredt rounds.”

The crowd yelled ac this announcement, It
was accepted asx a fac In some mysterious
manner Gl vein is supposed to have received
atip thacicomight be unpleasant for bim to stay
in town, His wife declared last night that she
did not know where he wae or when he would
return A number of men who cashed beo on
Gloistein's declaration that Dixon won the fight
are desirous of meeting bim when he does return,

 

MATHEMATICS AT BRYN MAWR,

One-Tenth of the Graduate Students Doing
Work in That Department.

Pryn Mawr, Pa, Jan, 13.~Whether the
study of mathematics is suited to the mind of
woman is no longer considered an cpen question
at Bryn Mawr, and this year courses in applied
mathematics have added to connect the
work of the departments of physics and of pure

mathematics, That the department is popular

{is proved by the fact that one tenth of the present
number of graduate students
init, and that tt offers twenty
and five graduate courses. The degree of Ph.D.
has been given by the department three times
and three times the Buropean fellowship has
enabled a liryn Mawr student to pursue her
mathematical work with foreign celebrities

been

are doing work

‘This has ell been attained, it should be noted, |

Withoutinaistiig thatevery undergraduate should
spond part of her college time on mathematics
‘Lo be sure, If she does not offer solid geometry
and trigonometry for entrance, she must pass
an examination therein befor: becoming a senior
but she cannot take lectures in “solid” because
they are hot given, She may substitute meometri
eal conics, but this happens comparatively sel
dom. The great majority of otademes who are
not especial i interested in mathematics pass
the two examinations referred to to prove that they
ean do it, and think of “math” no more,

Men of great reputation for |

five undergraduate |

SUN, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.

 

YANKEES OF THE ORIENT.

MILITARY AND NAVAL DEVELOPMENT
OF THE JAPANESE.

 

 

The Navy That Japan Has Bullt Up ia
Thirty-one Years—Effective Work at the
Naval College on Etajima Island—Ada-
mirable Army Drill—Getting Beady.
From the London Naval und Military Record.

In an address Mr. Arthur Diosy, at the open-
ing meeting of the ninth session of the Japan
Society, in Loudon, related some experiences
of a visit to the far East. Among the things
whieh filled Mr. Liosy with admiration was the
navy of Japan,

Upon this topic he says: “There js only one
word for the navy of Japan, and that is‘miracu-
lous.’ It is, indeed, a miraculous navy, When
you think that thirty-one years ago the navy
of Japan consisted of (Wo steamships, one of
them about the size of Ciuzen A on the Thames,
the other « very ancient American man-of-war,
which had been sold ata very big price to Japan,
and when you think that at the present moment
the ships of the Japanese navy are second tw
none in the world in their power, in their handi-
ness, in their rate of speed, in what may be called
their fighting efficiency, which is produced, as
naval experta know, by puting twgether the
ship's speed, armor, size, weight of metal that
the ship can throw at the enemy in a certain
Ume--coal consumption, steaming radius and
handiness-—-it is gratifying to be able to gay that

| in all these essentials the ships of Japan are be-

 

) ean think of
{of the healthiest surroundings

| delight to see better

hind none in the world,

‘Even in numbers ths Japanese navy now
stands eighth on the list of navies of the world,
and in another (wo years’ time will probably
stand fifth, may be even fourth, but at all events
fifth, unless some very great efforts are made
to increase their navy by the powers now ahead
of Japan. Moreover, the ships of the Japanese
navy may be described, I Wink, as being the
most intelligently designed warships in the world,
because they are desig ued for the particular work
that they have got to carry out, and for no other.
The Japanese know that their batdes will be
fought near home, and that consequently they
need not have very large spaces for carrying
coal, and thus the space which would otherwise
be filled by bunkers can be devoted to more guns
and more projectiies, which, as we know by re
cent naval warfare, is the chief point. The ship
that can pump the greatest weight of metal inw
another ship in the shortest time will be the victor.

‘That is as regards the material. Now, what
about that which is much more important, the
men? ‘The men of the Japanese Navy are sim-
ply perfect. The officers who command them
are first rate; they showed it not many years
ago. Lesides, | had an opportunity, thanks
to the great kindness of certain Japanese naval
officers, old friends of mine, one of whom is an
honorary member of this suriety--namely, Rear
Admiral Kawara, whom many of you will re
member as captain of the fine cruiser Yoshino,
Who entertained many of us so hospitably on
board his ship in Plymouth Sound in 1803-—of
seeing how they make Japanese uaval officers.
I saw the factory at work.

“On the Islandof lb tajima, one of the most beau-
ulul islanda in the beauuful inland sea, Were
lies the Impenal Navy College, at which the ca- |
dets are trained who afterward become officers
iu the Japanese Navy. | will not weary you
with a deseripuon of whatis oue of the most pert-
feet Baval educauional establisuments in the
world, L wil simply tell you that the Russian
Naval Attache at Tokio, au auduority who could
hot be suspected of any undue predilection for
things Japanese, seid to me; "Hal itis a model
for ail the navies of the world; itis absolute per-
fection!’ And absoluw perfecuon itis, ‘There
several hundred young Japanese gentlemen
of splendid physique--[ have uever seen o finer
body of young men between the ages of 15 and
20 than | saw there—are trained in all unat goes
fo consutute an efficient moveru naval officer,
that is to say, in every mortal thing that you
They are trajned there in the midst
‘Lhe island is
enurely given up to the Naval College; they can
roam over it at will; they can even go shooting
deer in the woods, they have their games, their
Sports, their boaung, their sailing, and their
life is au absolutely healihy one. kvery care is
taken to keep their minds as healuay as their
bodies. I Was taken into the battery, the finest,
ost accurate representalion of the fighung
battery of # first-class batueship that] have ever
seen. @ battery containing every kind of the most
Up-bedate guns that are used at sea Outside
on the greensward, were 120 cadets clad in
their flannel siaglets and their white duck trous-
ers, and with those white Japanese socks, with

Vision for the great toe, whe h form such ex-
ut footwear on board ship
fenton, solid like a wall
jnapect them, IT did so. 1
lotof young men in my life

At one word spoken by the chief gunnery {n-
structor the 120 young men tumbled into that
battery [ timed them by my watch -twenty- |
eight seconds from the giving of the order every
man stwed to lus gun. ‘There was absolute si-
lence, most perfect order ‘The officer of quarters
cane toward me and said: "What would you like
to gee?" T said, “Tl would like to see exercise ac
ion The words were hardly out of my mouth
before the bugle sounded, and 1 can assure you
and | apeo, as you hnow, with some technical
knowledge of this matter it has never been my
un drill in the whole world
than | saw there he fellows simply jumped
over one another like mice or squirrels, and for
the whole Ume there was not a sound, save for the
clanking of the securing chains and the chink
the of the projectile as it came up to the breech

Not @ sound! That was enough forme There
18 Not Another navy in the world, except, of course,
ours, and, perhaps, the American, where such
& thing would be possible I may say that out
side at the same time another 120 cadets were
fencing on the sward with the two-handed swords
of old Japan,” |

If the Japanese navy is miraculous, their army, |
in the opinion of Mr. Diosy, is not less remar
able He says: “The Japanese army is an
army, There is no mistake about that In
it ne thing is left to chance. Everything is pro
vided for and prepared for, The Japanese War
ohice Was extremely kind to me. It attached an
officer, @ highly educsted staff officer, Major
tachibana, who had served for a considerable
fime in the Austro Hungarian army, specially
to me to show me anything | wished to see in
connection with the Japanese army, and it asked
me Whether [ would like to see a regiment of in
fantry on one day, and on another day a regiment
ofertillery, I was allowed to select the regiment
which T should inspect, and soe T did not select
the Guards, because the Guards in every army
are the ‘leading line’ thatis put in the shop wine
dow, soto say | wanted to see the staple article,
the infantry and artillery of the line, and I saw
it Tecan assure you, T have no words in which
to express my admiration. It is not only the
drill Pam thinking of, though in that the Japan-
ese soldiers are simply perfect; their infantry
drill is just like @ piece of machine work, and

 

 

 

standing at at-
l was requested to
hever saw a finer

 

 

| their artillery drill perfectly wonderful

| any left to tell the tale

 

| Say

“Thad the privilege of having a battery of moun-
tain arullery delivered over unto me to work my
wicked will on for a whole morning, a very hot
morning, on @ big plain outside Tokio, and I
tried to make them do very diflicultthings ‘They
did them simply admirably. If you had seen
how those guns were laid you would have been
astonished. I took care > lek along the sights
of every wun after it was laid, and Tam perfectly
certain that if the targets had been living men
instead of dummies there would not have been
That, of course, is all
very well, but it is not the sole eriterion of the
eficieney of an army. Butl was shown things
which are @ criterion, [To was shown the ree
mental, battalion and company storehouses,
where every man's war kit lay ready prepared
for him, with his number ticketed on it, that was
only to be used in time of war Everything was

  
 

new the Japanese soldier, like the German sol-
di ‘ goes ty war with everything about him new
and ev

  

rything has been prepared for him, and
he hnows where to find it a only that, but
for every man in the reserves there was the re
verve kit on the shelf behind Therefore, the
moment the regiment was mobilized each re-
serve man could go to his shelf and get his full |
war kit, T saw also in their army medical de
a bi ly most wonderful things which would |
ake too long to relate,"

THE VALUF OF EDUCATION,

Mr. Bowring Says That It Adds About 95
Cents a Pound to the Worth ofa og.
From the St. Lowia Republic, °

WARRENSBURO, Mo,, Jan. 6.—A. B. Rowring
of Missouri City, Mo,, to-day flled suit here for
$1,500 damages against the Wabash Railroad
Company for the loss of a hog

Mr. Bowring owned an educated hog, waigh- |
ing 1.500 pounds, for which he paid $75. He |
exhibited the monstrosity at county fairs, and
alleges it netted him $75 per day. Whileen
route on the Wabash ratiroad, Mr. Bowring |
alleges, the porker received a severe bumping,
from the effects of which it dled

 

The defendant will attempt to prove by
expert testimony at the trial that heart |
Clsease was the cause of the porker’s de-

mise. The ease has been tried four times and
comes here on a ehanwe of venue, having

been remanded by the Kansas City Court of
Appeals

Country Property To Let or For Sale.

Surprising results ara often realized in des
parting from wall-beaten patna, Bear thisin |
mind when placing your advertising, If your
properties are really desirable, among Tas
UN'S readers may be found a purchaser by
your making known through the advertising
communes the localities aud the advantages. |

~

xy

~

a

 

fed States

Health Reports.

ON THE HYGIENIC VALUE OF CIGARS.

With reference to cigars, as {s well known, they contain more or less nicotine,
which is poison; however, if the tobacco is of proper grade and correetly cured and
cleanly manufactured, there will be found in such properly made cigars just enough

nicotine to be of hygienic value in preventing the smoker

diseases, and also frequently cure membranous mucous

 
   

 

fim catching contagious

disease germs,

Therefore

the United States Health Reports go on record as declaring that eigars can be made

(and in this instance have
hygienic value.

Inasmuch as we are looked to for unbiased reports on such

matters, Solely

een found made) so as to be healthful, sanitary and of

for

the public welfare, as an instituted and dependable authority on matters of health for

the benefit of the American public—and inasmuch as we have received many inquiries

on this subject—and have instituted an examination into this matter and have investi-

gated a great number of the various brands of cigars offered the public, we have

found that the “Lucke’s Rolls” and “Lucke’s Rolled Cigars,”

made by J.

H. Lucke &

Co., of Cincinnati, Ohio, were perfect and came up to every exacting qualification,

They are made of finest tropical tobacco, hygienically handled from the very start,and

manufactured according to the best methods known to. science.

Extreme cleagliness

is required in every handling, and they reach the consumer with the absolute guaran-

tee that they combine the very best qualities possible to be contained in a cigar.

Knowing the wholesomeness of this product, we advise the use of these goods

by all who wish a healthful smoke, Upon the highly favorable report of our Hygienic
Experts and Medical Staff we cordially extend to the Lueke Cigars and Rolls our edi-
A. N. TALLEY, M.D.,

For United States Health Reports.

torial and official indorsement.

WASHINGTON, D.C., January 2, 1900.

The above is the first and only high
authoritative recognition ever given
any make of cigars in this country.

Critics have said it looks as if the government
wishes to encourage the products of our new
But that is not the reason of

island, Porto Rico.

above important testimony.

The reason is that the stock used in Rolled
Cigars are tender young leaves--tropical loam-
soil, new growths of fine, delicate, but rich-tast-

ing tobacco.

enjoying every whiff without a trace of nausea.

THE ABOVE REVEALS ONLY ONE REASON
why you should call for and insist upon getting
Rolled Cigars from your dealer.

There are

THREE OTHER REASONS.

1. The quick make and absence of binder brings the price down to pay-for-value.

only—no paying for useless carefulness in shapit

g, binding and finishing,

And you can smoke them all day,

2. They look O, K. in the mouth—are full cigar size—and are a meat smoke, hold-

ing the ash without flecky droppings-off on one’s

3. These goods—by reason of their close price

consumers,

have

no

clothes,

There is no urging or effort to sell them by dealers.

Please do us the favor to remember these points
until you have the opportunity to try them.
We can't remind you EVERY DAY.

THE LUCKE

ROLLED CIGAR

 

champions except am

5

} ror 25

They won't be “pushed” at you. They're sold close, Not
always in sight where kept. So don’t wait to see them, but

ask for them.

In the intelligent and honest sense of quality
they are positively superior to the run of “Cuban”
leaf goods now being sold at FANCIEST PRICES.

ALL DEALERS SUPPLIED BY

FRANCIS H. LEGGETT & CO,,

Wholesale Agents for Greater New York,

1 em

oor

earn Tea

| W. Broadway, Franklin and Varick-Sts,