—

al 0 eae

  
  
 

 

   

P muings IN THE NEW PLAYS,

»> AIMED AT DIVERSION
NHIGHIR,

 

ons WHE
t avi ay) NOTHING
lof Many Silken Stockings
arce The Illustrations of Life on
ip in a Melodrama-The Mother
in an Fatravaganza,

me Wicked Gir
ina F

qhildresa
{Blanche lates as the tomptress in “Naughty
I nj as many feet as she has stockings

 

anthon® | be able to do the work of @ large ballet,
Pe would balt at such centipedal service
~ yely in view of the public use she makes
fo ;

eta feet she has, and 4 variety of hosiery.
a th ia thoroughly an artiat She did
ofacluty on our étage, but came to

Augustin Daly brought
ontoent and New York frat saw
ptureas in “The Great Ruby.”
\non at ones, and so much

  

her as

 

She commar fed a

fit wat 9 ng to common report, her re-
elo

* at ticend of a week was due to potent

firemen! ‘ . ni
She was quickly put into “The Three

 

 

 

 

 

“The boat here was secured to her wharf and a

jealousy
Musketeers the Laebler production of the
Dur as romance at the Broadway. There abe
nacted Le wonten apy with fine contrasts of
co and vebemence. Py the time that close
rer ra bat fixed her rating as @ portrayer
pagal of vixens, she compelled an extension
Ane peord by playing a gentle, eireumspect
i ajhen pate daughter and sweetheart in
Jeon of the Ghetto.” In this: characteriza
rape was ro trace of either of the creatures
ghe hed td befre So the estimate of her
abi ws fad to include veteatility, She could
be lovable within the lines of strict propriety
The question doas not concern her professionel
peputatl ss an arust, but tt may affect her |
aending as A woman. Ts she wise to fgure as
che be { Ant« oy in the new piece at the
Hera { Squat Andiencea have a way «f cor
founding actors with the parts they play. Will
nothin be a detriment to Miss Bates? The samo
thir po asked as to David Belasco, hitherto
as vonme@et but now the authar of a piece
described sul etly by ite tide of “Naughty
Anthont { the points pass unanswered
mT! sap herdly be setided. There can be no
dispute sover, that the author and the actress
pre remarks clover in two of the seeues whieh
he had de for her to perform. It is plain
er that Mr Belasco intended them to be
rangi ty without flagrancy. Iie meant that
t {be piquant enough to make people
tak Abus them, yet not salacious The print

in the plot is a kiss which a Chau

her of moral culture gives to a young
Hut the audience sees noth

 

1S CLASS

 

 

 

 

ng of that enoounter, Tt has happened on the
ereqing before the play begins to show the trou
t The first seane is in the
pe room, where the girl comes
to lesson. She wants another
hiew Tt doas not appear that she cares much
f s itwwelf, but the hussy delichts in be
de ner As to him, he would tke to kiss
ber ar mit his indulgence of the night before,
bung «l, makes him afraid of 9 repetition
So ste tempta him, but he resists, and there is

i kiss. Miss Bates is not beautiful,
be sis comely, wholesome and vere model
Her sof enticement in this scene of the new
Anton temptation are all neatand nice, ‘Ther
ar s) rather than wicked hey do not
e indecency. ‘The profferred lips of the
f t touched by the mar That ts the
jie method of dealing with a French farcical
nit and making exquisite comedy of it

Vir Delaseo located Nis farce at Chautauqua,
the 'e length of New York State from fhe
7 rleoin, and on the other side of the world
s Nevertheless, it has one episode of
akind with the “undressing acts” lately notorious
1 Hut there is a radical

  

from Par

onthe stage in both cites
difference. Liitherto each repetition of this thing
hes been a further descentinto indecency, Butit

is cleaned up, deprived of grossness, end almost
at the Berald Square. Do not mis-

 

ialized

  

 

 

  
 

€

uiderstand this as defer gf or excusing what
{s, after all, a surrender of conscience by an able
playwright and o skilful actress to people witt
deplorable inclinations Hut it demands con
sideration asanexploitin stages t Miss Dates
\semployed by ani ter of hosiery to show his

   

That er s made her ex-

 

goods on yment he

 

     

   

 

tremely conseious of her stockings. She wears
fine ones finels She tells the professor that on
some days at Chautauqua the men follow ber
as they doin New Yor) On what days” he tn-
quires (on rainy days she rephes W here-
upon she trips daint over im ary puddles
and lifts hee skirts a bital hoes, doing
it ftiy and innoeentiy that ne wishes to
} iy. Theelaborate

hues noteome unui the last act

 

the
's pros-

Nothing connects it with the rest of

action, But itis important to the plas

 

 

 

 
  

 

  

 

 

 

pernty, and it has been prepared by Mr. Belasco
wt h eare as he wave to the belfry ex
cit tin “Tl rtof Marvland The room
\« r, exquisitely beaut with pink saun
and te lace hanging Tl an “atmosphere”
of purity Miss Batesis notin arevela-
tor from a walk in a big
purp.e gown of the same hue. A
bos ’ ry samples is delivered to her, She
tases them out, and feminineiy admires them
7 ation Army lasses enter, They wear
thes f their order, but have bright (nces
an ¢ topen wide at the gay stockings
fiss 1h ‘ enthusiastic over the colors

ant text f the silken thin The influence
t eomes over her. She says sho will

Siow Now thes yk inuse, She sits on the floor,
Cu > three lasses on a Setich facing her. It
Feems thet her love of stockings leads her to wear

fT one after another,
ules

ma t e She strips

n their be after they are off

 

 

u » toven pairs have been removed. In
Pus ooplaut she exposes each leg nearly to the
Anhea ss Ttis a shameless exhibition, as
Meserr © the conventions. To be sure, you
MAr ave ‘

sas much with perfect propriety ata
bathing beach, but this isby a
in & well-ordered house, and it is
t ‘such an exploit as would pique
Unosity. Put mark the guilelesenaas of
iL #0 far as its place in the play was concerned
man je introduced. Tho only wit
f the cirl’s own sex, She shows the
Swexines to them primarily, and her calves only
Not a word of bashfuluess,
fren apoloretic mesture, calls attention to those
mMemnar # hosiery te all that seems to be

show

  

 

Neer ne

sare

even

 

thought of-—-on that side of the footlights.

B the other
“ere the vaudertila players in “Tittle Red Rid-
Ing saved for their guitability to the parts
ageanza, or was tho piece written
rin ese ovallable specialists? The point
itt vit utthere is little of artistic interest

After a week for con-
Me etill a puzaling question how this
O theatre noted for bright
ns ‘The scenery and costumes
ver were of exceptional quality.
of the Americanized text are
1e reneral dulness, New York
ay to burlesques founded on
aud will accept even the beat re
u lack and the Beanstalk” waa a gor
retthe  asinonfew yearsago, with the
Gow tty, the music tuneful and the cast
did not prosper there, though in

thes it endously successful. The

Beton lis ts whimsical as to diversion of this
aT hat has leen more popular with us than
lof the Town”
Hat the Casino

= new show

 

 

 

 

 

WAKE {fer

f covered, So there may be audi-

Phees whe will not feel, as those at the Casino do,
Little Red Riding Hood” would te a
cent ionorance. The best appeal to
inion is made by the Midgelys,
vaudeville houses for a sketch that
Lsofa boy and irl, This has been
‘Lt ugh the Casino play. The man
nple Simon. We is really comic
ni amokes some cigara, and
herlads to join him, They become
ecotinue their attempt at manii-

ple hon continues after

Appr

 

nt streams, and his antics

\ Ptoot the Midgelys transfer from their
K san almost exact copy of the
James Powers and Mabelle Gillman
ing in A Runaway Girl.” The spirit of

Me criginal bas been transferred and whe result

 

OR that

ised ty

 

| bri¢l

'hnearthe eoack an

It had a long time of
, but gave up its tour hefore the

the others |

  

rere

{a happy. Another reminder of “A Runaway
Girl" is Ethel Jackson, who plays tho title role
in the Casino piece, She was a substitute of Virginia
Farl in the name part of the English musical
farce and waa so like the actress in manner and
votce that It was hard to tll the two apart. Miss
Jackson preserves the same peculiarities, whether
natural or feigned, in “Little Red Riding Hood.”
She and Madge Lessing are charming. The |
cleverest actor in the cast is David Abrahams, |
who plays a cat, and frisks in with a surprising
naturalness, If the exponents of the “advanced |
achool” of the drama desire a realistic cat Mr. |
Abrahams should bo envaged. Whata superb |
argument baen might write ina socialistic drama
on the relative rights of the cat and the mouse, |
with Mr. Abrahams as tho former and some soul- |
ful little actress aa the latter, |
A third new play last week happily calls for no
condemntion on moral grounds It was only |
4 Rensational melodrama, but it was clean. For)
those ecenes of “The Gunners Mate” that were
Tepresented as taking place aboard a United
States warhip Manager Pitou bad made I)
eral provision of pieturesque scenery, Act two
showed the cruisers gun deck. Two huge can-
non pointed from a turret right at the audience,
and back of them rose 4 military mast with its
enclosed places for mid-air firhtera The off
cers’ bridge, too, was part of this complicated
structure Back of this, toward the opposite
end of the boat, another mart was painted, and
the portion of the deck pictured showed search-
lights, smal! cannon and other naval equipment

sentry paraded the deck to warn visitors off
Here it was that the sonbrette, having once been
Sent away, returned in the bie basket in which
the sailors were hoisting stores aboard The
second sight of the ahip was between decka A
Portion of the forecastle was disclosed. Itwas
quite as characteristic of a floating fort as the
outside view had been There were suggestions
of low ceiling, and the enurved Lines of the ship's
sides and decks, while the thickly set hammock
told of cramped = quarters when the place |
was in use as a sleeping room. At each side
Was A cannon, It waa here the melodrama’s |
fow specialties were introduced They came |
as the spontaneous diversion of the crew and did
not seem se it

hooks

congrucus as do mest such things

when setamid the thrills ofs etirring play After

& boxing bout was over, tha master-at-arms em
tered, and every seaman immediately became
quiet and innocent looking Then followed

 

just such singing end dancing as sailors might
indulge in \ third view of the vessel was of a
sll lower section
highly wrought There
of a long row of boilers, ar

Hiere acain the picture was

were seen the heads |

id fr

m beneath each

 

 

 

came the glow of its fire Cverliead wes a com |

plicated narrow gallery of the sort that runs in
out of marine mechinerv To this a ladder |

reached from the engine room It was at the

top of this ladder that the villain stood to wateh

the seaman shove a companion within «furna

to make repairs, and it was down the ladder

he ran alut that furnace door, and to tum on

a forced draft that the hero might be
Hy making it plain that the furnace flres wera |

until the victim's mates

nsumed

 

fening, the wait

returned was an intense minute

DPEADWOOD'S FIRST STAGE,
A Vehicular Rain That Recalla Lively Fpi-
sodes of Vrontier Life.

*h 10 Trebun
wd Trhun

D., Jan.

esofthe present Do:

 

Mt the sideoo

   

  

ofth roughfar

woo! ndsano'l, broken-down, worn-
out st i which has a history of his-
tories is ioved by many an old-timerin the
Black Hills, because it Was the fret niessenger
hetween the western [luge of civilization and

 

 

their newly acquired home among the rugyg
mountains, It was some time after the

 

man entered the hills ly fovea regular
couch wae put on between auy o he vithes
tiong the border of eivilizat and the Bia

     

Hii smn ning ear .
During the year of IR74,
frrival of the Russel

 

X hit
eXpedi

moofthe Cheyer

 

or

        

 

 

 

wal
stage ne was effected ! the

coach Was sent out from Chayenne for Custer,
the Indians were unuanally troublesome at
that toe and the proprietors of the stage
company Were fearful lest ther venture might
come ton trousenod because the ravages
ofthe reds)

One any i summer of ISTH this Arst
stage coach wae started out from Cheyenne
witha load of passengers and bargaze, and
withthe fan ua rivers 7 f ria Char fe,"
anc ses, A constant OK OU

> throughout the journes,
tent rthy of mention
iw wh reache! Custer

 

hers or that camp went

  

wild ove: Prevent and the town turned out
that ra genuine celebration,

rh ving day °C rola Charile,” who
hadkept alevel head turing the festivities of

the night previous, made preparations for a te.

 

     

 

  

turn trip tot heyet Phere were enough |
wold. seer ge Ni the coach several
tines lots were drawn, there being twelve
lucky t bors Ahout o'clock, on a duly
day, “Caltiorn aChar ‘ecracked his whipover
the heads his jenderea and the start was made |
across the wilderness which lay between Cas.
ter and Cheyenne

Lverything Went well until the stage coach
reached anod ereek bed, a few miles out of

  

Custer, Here, without» moment's wr ga
band of Inclans, in war paiot. sprang from
ambushand cousmenced pouring in a heavy
fire upen the coaeh and passengers “Calffor-
nia Chariie’ plied Tia whip and there was a

 

 

 

 

 

run of afew miles, with the Indians in hot
pursuit, The driver suddenly dropped overin
hisseat and fell into the boet of the coach,

dead, abuilet having gone through his }
The horses eame to a standstill) and stood
waiting fora word from the driver

‘The Indians came up belind the coach on a

 

  

mad run, and in a moment (he coaeh was sur-
rounded. The twelve passengers were nemp
with frght, Some sat ket ks of stone
Others, with more grit, attempted toshoot out

raneh @ing Toatans
the redakina to
would rife ug

tly atthe nassen-

ofthe endows at the d
It seemetto bet ght of
tease ther pris

        
    

gers, care being taken, uning’y, that the
bu'lets penetrate a coat sleeve, hat or seat
Cushion

Finally, two of the Indians dismounted from
their ponies and, going upto the hor-e@ on the
conch, cut them with a wid yell |
drove the frightened teams, with harness on,
awiy, That wasthe last seen of the indians
or the horses

The paasengers walked twelve milea back to
Cuater, A posse pursued the Indians, but
their atart had been too gool, Next day the
coach was brought back to Custer for a fresh |
start for Chevenne, thetrip being aceumplishod
Without any trouble

The same coach made freguent trips to Cus.
terduring thesummer of IN76 andon ment
2h of the same year the {iret run was made
into De: od, The distance from Deadwood
to Cheyenne waa alont 300 miles, thir han
intensely hostile country, Assoon asthe stace
route wns thoroughty establisned, trate be-
came heavy, For a number of years, up to
1ss},a.) of the bulion from the Homestake
fompany's mine wae shipped out under heavy
ward by this stage route, Tt waga perilous |
trip to makewith the gold brieks, and nervy
men went with the driver as guaria

Vie rhwestern kxpresa, Stage
Transportation Company. organized
the laws of Minnesota, with RR. Blakely as
President and C, Wo Carpenter as Secretary
and Treaturer, commenced running «a dally |
line of stage coavhes in Mav. 1877, from
Bismarck, where connection was made with
the Northern Paeifle Railway Company. The
line was transferred in TS80 from Bismarck
to Plerre, where {t connected withthe Chicago |
and Northwestern Railway. and in _PRxts it

loose, an

 

 
  

 

 

 

  

and
under

    

 

 

made connection with the Fremont, Elkhorn
and Missourt Valley Katlroad at Chadron, |
Neat 1 company established a fine line
of Coneord conehes between Plerrea and Dead. |
wood in DSSO, and the company enrried an |
avernge of 5.000 massengera yearly and |
11,000,000 pounds of express and baggage,
Tine Homeastake bullion was earned by this

line for the years ISS) and 1382. Vhe eome
pany emp.oyed 260 men, U0 horses and 2,000
oxen

The coming of the raflroada to the Black
Hille marked the decline of the atage coach
and the different lines were soon devoid of
trafile.

Catohy Advertising.
From the Citcaro Tribune,
“People who live in giaes houses.” wrote the |
renl estate dealer, Who wae at work ona thrae-
aheet poster announcing & free excursion, “are |
the biggest fools on earth to do #o when they
can buy goou wood+n houses at the Agurea nt
which I am offering them in Groundsome-
hurst,” ; -
Then he held the manuseript at arm’s length
and admired the penmanship and the boldness
and vigor ofthe cance ption, ,
“TE think that'll feteb ‘ein,’ he said,

There Ave Others.

|
From the Chveago Tribune, |
“You have such a limited fleld of opera.
bent " anid the sociable ant that had entered
in through the itt’: tnd opentne Do vou

 

ever fong to see the gceatcnarth outei ley ;
. Phe “arth? coptemptucualy exclaimed the
wormin the hickory nut, looking at the white
wall of richness surrounding it. “Why, live
tit right here!”
eh pleasing little story teaches that there
are other kinds of anti-expansioniste,

= ee

 

) This

} ween for the tr

  
 
 

THIS WEEK ON OUR STAGE,

PLAYS INTRODUCED BY THE EMPIRE
COMPANY AND MRS, LANOTRY,

 

 

Capt. Leo Trevor's ‘Brother Officers’ and
Sydney Grondy's "The Degenernaten’’
~The Familiar Pieces That Are Benewed

 

or Continned—Novelthe in) Vaudeville,

Charles’ Frohman's company at his Empire
Theatre, after riving a final performance of “My
Lady's Lord” on Monday, will bring out “Brother
OMcers” on Tuesday. ‘This new plece laa comedy,
and tte author t's Capt Leo Trevor, of the Bricdeh
Army Tt is said to be based on facta, and to
Sllustrate truthfully a phase of military life. The
theme, however, Is the social one of birch and
breeding. The hero's origin was lowly, and bie
star’ in the service was a4 4 private soldier, Bus
by scerling worth and notable bravery he bas
risen from the ranks toa lieutenancy. He is
ass.cned to a particularly pretentious regiment,
most of whore officers are of artatocratic lineage,
ant whose families are of the uppermost class
He !8 a warm hearted whole-rouled fellow, but
rather @ roumh diamond, and his lack of polish
js fn contrast with tbe lustre around him. Hi»
gaucheries paln lim, as he ts sensitive, and bis
Instincta are gentiemanly. In the course of the
Play bis partial acquirement of good manners

 

      

' rural play promises to have

' Morgan

fs shown, along with his more succesaful effore .

to eave a brother officer from disgrace, though
to do this he has to break bis own heare The
scenes are said to have a facile range from humor
to pathoa ‘They were highly regarded in |ondon,
where che play had along term. The depictions
of character and conduct !n the social circles
of a crack British regiment were then regarded
es excellent. Willlam Vaversbam will enact
the Lieutenant at the Empire, and Guy Standing
the brother officer who profits by the other's loyalty.
h. Y. Backus, George W. Howard and Joseph
Wheelock are among the military representa:
tives WOH Crompton plays a dean and Fa:
wi) Stevens a bleckles ‘The actresses are
Marvaret Anglin, Lilian Thurgae, Blanche
Bureon and Mra Thomas Whitin.

lily Laneccy, the professional beauty and
exploited actress, is ready to put herself in view
again before theacrical public. She will
do this at che Criterfon to-morrow night by play-
fre che chief role in “The Degeneraves.” Syd
ney Grundy wrote the pleca to order, and it was
the calle in London, when ic was first produced,
(hat ie was biowraphical in some degree, Some
of i was Giought to intentionally resemble pas
sages in Mrs Lantry'’s career, This similarity
was regarded as a bold bid for an extension of

the

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

  

her notoriety, and tt seemed to aceomplish that
purpose. Sh ‘reed from comparative qui
ecudeingo new publiciey. Her marriage to a boy
ish member of the DeBatbe family, and bis de
parture for the African war, furthered her en
terpriss, too But no doubt the play is a good
ono intrinsically, as the extraneous alds could
1 wmselves have earried her into fresh
prosperity on the stage The heroine is a turi
woman, careless in conduct, divorced from her
husband, and leading a life of gayety, though
hotof pronounced profligaecy She has kept her
young daughter away at school, so as not to he
hainpered in) her waywardness. But the
eirl comes Lome, an er love wins the mother's
heer The woman resolves to reform, and does
‘ t tish wiabad setback through
wr 4 t hearte andl self sacrificing rvice
fora frien addemma. Of course Mre Lang
ry imtpersonates cis woman. Charles Frohn
has imporwed her and a company, vluch is s
ty ly ficier Couch the names would mean
not New York readers

1 fhedon oof “From Broadway to Tokio"
acd Yor een putoff until nexe Satur
day wel Ic will he, coubt a big and folly
sow, with ballets and other spectacular allure-
mieiit

The week's chanve of play by the Donnell

stock company at the Murray Lill will be to “An

Enemy to the King" This is a good ultra-to

 

 

 

ie drama, written be RON. Stephens, and
need by fH Sothern and Virginia Harned

The operatic slift) for the week at the

Arr eric il he ¢ Martha,” with its tune-
ful ballads and surting choruses, sure to be

pleasingly sung by the Castle Square company
The cast is made up of favorites Next week will
bring the production of “At the Lower Harbor’
and that will be a musica! event
Richard Mansfield's last appearances in New
York this season will be made at the Harlem Opera
House this Tomorrow and Thursday
evening he will give “(Cyrano de Bergerac,” on
Tuesday might and at Saturday matines,
“Phe Fitat Violin,” on Wednesday night"A Paris
ai Ron v." on Friday “Beau Brummel,” and
Dr Jekviland Mr. Hyde’
Mocher,” which is the name of the melo
drawia that comes to the Star tomorrow night
sounds sulldiently emotional It will be acted
old playhouse by a company said
nized
play at the Third Avenue will be

week

the

 

   
 
 
  

 

 

ti? Serviss will continue his illustrated

 

  

lectures at the Herkeley Lyceum by depicting
Hhonny Seotland i Wednesday morning and
“Prince Bis ¢" on Saturday. Mr. Servias
is now wel ushed as an instructive enter
tainer int
Pelixg Sc ofer will Anish his New York

 

 

Btay next Si night, In the meantime he
will sho plays of his: repertory \
fare by Plu ! and DRernstein, “Mathais
Gollinger, will be used for the first three nights
In it he enacts an ignorant but) well meanin
facies, whosy daughter marties a man of gu i

    

final position, ‘The parent canses trouble he
tween the young couple, but finally reunites them
In the » he has appeared ridiculwusiy

 

but comically in Berl The romainder
f the wee, will be devoted to “Educated People,”
a comedy by Sictor Leon. This piece gives. to
Mr Schwerughofer an opp

society

 

 

in sentiment as well asin fun ereons who wish
to see this famous comedian should take their

pportunity while he is at the Irving Place, for it
is likely that he will never come to this country

again. tle is well supported by Me.
block companr

Conreid's

Maude Adams was warmly welcomed at the
Oriverion last week, and “The Lite Minister”
was as much enjoved as at iw first production.
{Jo M. Parrie’s comedy will prob
ably cause its continuance for the remaining seven
weeks of Miss Adams's term. Orrin Joknaon
and Mrs, W. G. Jones are favorite actors now in
many

Fourteen more performances of “litle Red Rid-
ing Hood” will be given at the Casino this week,
and then the extravaganza will go back to Boston.
“Tie Helleof New York,” with many of the origtnal
cast that appeared in London, will have a fortnight
a the home theatre Afwr that “The Casipo
Girl,” by Harry b. Smith, will be produced

stiss Hobbs” reaches the end of its tifth momth
and of its stay at the Lyceum next Saturday

reception

her eor

 

might Un the following Monday “The Surprises
ob Love,” acomedy from the French, will bs shown
for toe tirst umein New York, with the principal

paris taken by HL. KeevesSuuth, Elsie De Wolfe,
Wne Parhof Yarmouth, Clayton White, Margarets
Robinson and Olive May

bie last week in New York of “The Ameer”
wins Frank Daniels will be followed at Wal-
c's by Olwa Nethersele, ‘This actress will be
ttime in this cily in a part said to
peifeeiy, This ts Fanny Legrand in
“sapho.’ dramatized by Clyde Fiten,

“Lhe Gunner's Mate" passes into the aecond
ween Of its fortnights engagement at the Grand
Opera Hotse ‘Toe next eniwrtainment here will
Ne “\ Stanger in a Strange Land,
in the season atthe Mannattar

Natv. Goodwin and Maxine ot will continue
“The Cowboy and the Lady" probably only two
more weeks, though no date is fixed for the pro
duction of “When We Were I'wenty-one” The
Piteh play now in use at the Kmckerbocker gives
w Mr (roedwin and Miss Elliot excellent oppor
4

Ihe Village Postmaster" will stay only an-
other fortmizht at the Fourteenth Street tais sea
son ‘The pictures of country life shown in this
play are popular and have come to be regarded
asa yearly sight) This is the third revival of
the rural play at the Fourteenth Street © haun
eey Uleott will eome to this theatre next with "UA
hiomanea of Athlone

William Gillette and “Sherlock Holmes” retain
great favor at the Garrick, Charlies Frohman
Is going to use this play for his first venture in
Australia, ble will organize an English com
pany to enactit there London, however, will
getit with ofr Gillette and the American actors

People who heve seen the London and New
k production of “Wheels Within) Wheels”
that the acting on our sid» of the water is far

be
ia

 
 

   

suit her

 

 

 

      

 

 

 

superior, Such seting as is shown at the Mad)
sou Square is indeed rare In fact such an all
arcu excellent company is almost unheard

of in this country, excepting only Daniel Froh

man's stock players

 

  
  

“The Manoeuvres of Jane’ is still in use by
that ization at Daly’s, and is a piece that
aho seen by all admirers ofthe best in modern

d It is true that this play by Henry Ar
ir Jones is more farcical than the most ad
mirable of sort, but itis nevertheless an amus
inge piece of satire
(inks tive weeks were set aside for tl
tevoof “Three Litth Lani rut
hase be fean remain at the Fifth

\ roa bug 1 it will be followed
» by another musical comedy called “Prin
cesa Chie,’ which has met with good success iu
the smaller cities

May Irwin is still at the Bijou and will con
tinue to be there for some time She added

Rew soug last week w her already largo repertory.

co

t
i

 
    

n made so t

      

  

 

Cyril Scott ia a
of “Pa F

   

   

A change will be made to-morrow night in the
cast of “Sister Mary.” Joseph Sparks will leave
the jou farce to appear in “Broadway to Tokio,”
apd his place will be taken by James Callahan.
valuable addition t the cast

pa's Wile” ‘That farce now employs three
comedians of rare taleuts, Mr. Scott, Eva Daven
port and Charles Hiselow in support of the one
afd only Anna Heid Anything funnier than
the scene where liitue Mr bigelow tres to carry |
hig Miss Davenport upstairs would be hard to
imawtie

"Naughty Anthony” can boastof more exceilent
comedions In its compans No organization so
rich in names has ever been gotten towether fora
farce Blanche Bates, Wo J, La Moyne, William
Elton, Maude Elartison and Frank Worthing
are only the more prominent in a cast that Is
goed throughout,

To gv thr ugh the number of comedians of
Good reputation and ability that are employed
at Wober & Fielda's would be useless Their tal
ents ate too well known, “Whirlfacig” and
“Barbara Lid@ety” give them opportunities to
apperr at their best,

Nothing new is heard from the Academy of |
Music where "'Way Down East” continues, This
aneven longer stay
on Fourteenth street than it did two years ago |
at the Manhattan

“Ben-Hur” will bave an exceptionally leng |
and successful run in New York, Edward J |
will leave the cast soon to appear with
Daniel Frobman's stock company at Daly s in
‘The Ambassador,” a comedy by John Oliver
Hobbes that was popular in London a year ac

The verious elo rus girls who ran out inte the |
street from the Victoria the other night when there
wasn firs stare there hove been elected end |
“Che and the Wonderful Lamp" is being per |
formed as usual, Edna Wallace Hopper and
Jerome Sykes make ago team of fun makers |
with Glen MeDonough’s tibretto and Jonn Priup
Sousa 4s music,

 

 

Little that is downright new is presented in the
vaudeville fleld, but to morrow's change about of
familiar contributors will be nearly complete At
Proctor'a Theatre Edward tHarrigan will be chicf
of the newcomers = Accompanied by a half dozen
playera he will be seen in a characteristic liarri
gan sketch Others hero are Ed Latell,
Tysons, the Bigelows, O K. Sato, Leslio Palmer, |
Harding and Ah Sid, the Marinellas, Florence |
Hlenri King and Duncan's collies Today's |

the

roster will include Yorke and Adams, the Cohans
and Ethel Levy
Proctor’s Palace will have an all variety bill,
with the Nawna in the headlines. Other special
ties will be of an elaborate sort, Leo Dervalto |
has a spiral pathway thet about fills the siage, |
and the Moulieres, women who perform on triple
bars, are equal to surprising rnastioa Also

placed are Joe Welch, Pauline Sioren, Cyr and
Mi, heno, Weleh and Melrose and Chrissie Mor

   

   

     

    

  
  

 
 
 

   

   

 

 

  

j the mor

| IS why a cat should leave ators, SS

  

'
}

B

 

 

One Certain Test by Which the Abtility of
Any Pinyer to Kise Above Medtocrity
May Be Aacertained-How to Becomo
Skiiful at Whist—Luck in Duplicate Whist |
This i# the time of year when the merits of whist

Playera are compared and discussed with a view

to selecting: the best mien for the current tourna

ments end training them to puli terether os teams |
for the coming congress and State meets. As it |
is Successful players that are wanted, it is usual
to judge men by resulta, those making the best
scores in the general run of compass games be
ing the ones upon whom the chofee naturally
fails

Sneerss in any gan.* depends upon one of two
elements, luck and skill, 6. upon both in combina
tion; and although luck may be a large factor,
even in duplicate whist, itis generalls
that skill is the element to be'soceht for, li being
permanent factor, The 'iMeult ques
tien to decide is, what consticutes a standard ty |

Which a player's skill may be judged apart from

his luck and how mueh will the element of skill

dominate that of luck in such games as dupileate
whist’

In all games in which chance tas any influence
we reeognize this peculiar element which we call
luck, Which appears to favor

 

 

 

conceded

cone player or the
other for errtain periods cof tim It seems to
attach itself more constantly to some persons
than to others, just as cats attech themselves

to certain houses, and there is no more apparent
reason why the luck should leave a mon than there
me players |

 

are always getiiue cifte at the whist tabe and |
it fs impossible to give ony sensible reason why |
ther should not continue to do so. |
When one person speaks of another as lucky,
he simply expresses the result cf his estimate |
of the individual during the time that he has had
him under observation Another person, who
has observed the same individual at a different
fine, may bave come to the conclusion that he
Was very unlucky. ‘There are some persons
Dlaving duplteate whist who get a reputath n for
luck in spite of themselye Ht is observed that
: * get more mifts than "her that their shots
hit the mark oftener and thot the mistakes thes

 

risen Jones Here to day are to be the Kossows, | . « ;
Wo) Davie and Ed Latell, among others of | MKe Go not cost much After watching another |
last week's roster Diayer for a time one comes to the conclusion
sithoa. My j . ona } » hen ' ' )
ohh ett finnie Seligman will be heard 19 | that the element of his «uy 8 eannet properly
Comedy and Travedy . which already has had i) 4 : :
vaudeville use Among the specalty folk of f De ealled luck, but is the result of the element
the bill will be Louise Gunning, HOV. Pitvierald, § which we eall skill H eS not appear to get
j
the De Forests, Charles Kilpatiek, Drawee, the | any « nepicuous ifts, he d ant take ane ahotn
Georre Wilson, Keosure, the Le Paces, a : ‘_ ’
vons, the Adairs and Charles Diamend on doubtful hands and he not make ans
morrow's leading dancers for Pastor's will | costly mistakes in ticklish
he the Cardownies and its cl \ Tt cannot bo denied that both thea elementa, |
the theatres proprietor S« |
Ante Ward adoCurr j uck and skill, are productive of success at the
Hartley, the Hills, the Whist table, even when the game is dumiicate
Ihr Rado and Bertman, | Take the hand published last wee r instance
rt, Sielding and Nat Frar ia witch ai lr 9 ae aris
graplis of a stage version of “cir ila 1 A Palin Of Nive treks ¢ i enti
will be continucd } on luck tl hance as to which member of the
. 1 «ae
Ny wees RIP to. De Boeh atthe r Ver ears New York team tad the opening lead Two of
tole ehbows A seene tr Ina in tare Finn a
hide 14 tie ine with Uncle Sam's vem would have led the singl do made the
seanie while at amt out ast 8 stenting tl ain, but neither of them happ {to hold ¢l
contents of the infant's bottle Cindere hand, and the one to whom it f as one ofthe
yapper wall be shown tus evening atl There other two, who believed {n leading the lane ;
are other picture budgets and tivo concerts in each eR OS ae) ORE TERS ! i
d s provision here But the difference hetween the results achieved

Por her second week at Koster& Biel's Vernona

        

Jarbenu will inipersonate Calve and bave the as
sistance fachorus, The Hollow are other
holdovers \ ig these newly retained wil

a
idin, Viva My

     

   

Solaret, Hallen and Puller, G

Max Unmer, Hail end Stalew, and Tim Cronin

A vaudeville concert be given this event
The Dewer will he tenanted tomorrow by another

 

  

  

batch of specialists and female burlesquers, Among
them will be Burke and Scott. Bennett and Rich
Mauze and Mazet, Kline and Gotthold, and the

 

    

 

Ind

organization that visits the Comioue to
morrow is known as “The Tammany Tigers,’
“Sassy” and the “King of the Hobo Ring” are ite
buriettas, Some of its mamber ra Adame and

Kelly, Kitty Hingham and Paula The etage
aids for the last named are alligators and snakes

  

INTI RSCHOLASTIC SPORT.

The Boys of Grenter New Vork Are Prepar-
ing for a Busy Season, |

The grentest activity prevails at the schools
belonging to the New York and Long Island
Interscholastic Associations. Nearly all the
eandidates for the track and baseball teams

| are hard at work, and the season promises to

rtuntiy to show himself |

| J2Inw Btrovg teas

be a noteworthy one, From preaent tndicas
tiona the schoola will have better talent thta
year than ever before, and those that have
hitherto carried things before them wil! have
to work to retain their honors. There is likely |
to be a new aequisition to the local asaocintion
atthe next regular meeting, as the Horace
Mann School of Morningside Heights would
like to get into the fold

At the recent meeting of the De Ta Sal'e In
atitute A. A. arrangementa tor track athletios
anid baseball were made. A new feature isto
be introdused in baseball practice Training
wil be done tn aecage put in the gymnasium
Thiea will afford on opportunity of learning the
principles of batting and aso furnish good

exereiae forthe pitcher and cateher,

George Salmon, athietie director at Cutler
School, is planning to put forth a strong triek
team, T. Munson, who was elected eartain of |
the track team, is assisting in the selection of
eandidates, and from what has already been
been the achool wil be more strong y repre-
rented than in previous years, Vo Munson, who

 

  

  

 

 

 

  

    

aecidentaliv shot himse'f on Thanksgiving
Day, will not be able to compete, which means
the 'oss of a clever sprinter Warren in the
weights and bieyele events, T. Munson inthe
sprouts and middie distance runs and Buck ta
the hurdies ure the ma netay ofthe ream, Tha
new material isshowing up tn excellent form
{ by the time for out-door praction al) wil

werkingtogether IT ly have no

reeball tear this sensor

*hysieun! Director P.M, Seixas of Trinity
Felool bas returned to the ety and taned a

candidates, Phe defoat
an) bas heen asad blow to the

genersi cal te
football t

Jet eassoclition, and nothing will be left
done to make amendaon traek and df
Only afew of the old resentatives pes

       

hutthe o materi ay is such a py }
type that there should be notrouble ip rane
Seivas has established a

  

| training echedule that everyone of the eandt{-
dotes must live upto, of lose hie pla
When the sehool opened after the holf@fay

vacation work was begun in the

gymnnalype

| To get the voungsters use! to outdoor work

 

several cross-country ring hive heen
Tndoor games will he
ardinthts way the
A line on his bows

vied hel! regular
every t™o weeks

Afrectorexpe "atoget

  

 

 

the spring cames Te was learned yestordar
afternoon that Milbank, the eraek sprinter and
| middle-dietance ranner, would not compete in
the apring games, but the sehool will he

strongly recreaentedin the weight events hy
Rogers, who ia displaying good form with the
eho. diseus and hammer

The Dvteht Sehool track and Baaahal! team
candidates reperted fa primes eonditon after |
the holtcnars, Atthe aymnastim ofthe Kniek. |
erboeker 4. Cl every afternoon the track team
44. gerting in soma good practios Draper,
who wil! eantain the team, is trying for the
walightevanteand has showed a marke!
rravementin blaform over that of last your
The school will ba able toe hoast next seqaon of
netrong bieyele team and several of the pl tars

 

 

   

hove already won honorg fa the meets recently
held. Owtng to the tack of fneilities at the
school gvmoastum for baseball practlos ar-

raneamy te have been made wherehy the
esndidofea can practles In the gymnasium of
the new Weat Side Y, Moc, A

The senenn of THO will And the Barnard
School represented on track and fleld ny a
much atrongerteam than ever before. Under
the snpervision of a competent eoach the enn-
(iintes mre training in the eymnoatum and will
ener a strong senior and tunios teamin the
*hamrionships The sehool will bea repre.
sente! by another good baskethall team whieh
Is now in eteadgy practice, The annual indoor
rames wil beh rs anal this seasen,

Vthouchthe Colombia Grammar school hoya |
were rather diaannpomted in their football efforts
Inst geaaon, they hone to redeem themealyes on
trnaek and Mamont Cant. Shannonof the track
team bas heen taking the names of the vorinus
cand dates forthe past week an! already has a

  

 

 

Hat ofover forty te goin training Fiammer,
who has charge otthe baseball team, expecta |
to orgonize a strong nine. The hockey and

 

basketball teama are in a flourishing eondition

All Bight bot the Names,
From the Memp'is Buening Sormitar,

alesmon ina loonl chinaware eatablish- |
fs rasponsihle for the ‘ollowing

“A day or two aidhe, “a lady eame tn
the store and began to examine some fine Cups
and saucers Nothing suited hep At tact
however, she found some that pleased her:
ane. amiling innocently, eald: ‘Now, thaee are
very nies, and T like the way ther are made
with different namesaonthem, If Teould find
rome with the names ane, I would tite
them, butall Pree read “Tomand Jerry."

     

 

 

  

 

 
 

 

Not Afraid of Eaertion.

Frow Fliraende Blacker,
Mistress (to new footman!—One thing more,
Jean, Your predecessor, whom I ve dive |

charged, Was coustantly paying attentions to |
the parlor maid

ootnan = Unterrupting)—¥e madam, Vu
take Lie place in that matter—vertaiuly) |

 

by luek and skill is very marked. The first
seems to be a special dispensat Providence
reserved for those whohave been unlucky in love
While the second is within the reach any per
son ordinary tntelligence and ability. That
there are methods of cultivatir f luck ia notto 4

  

be denied, but they tupply t

te Whist contests

the traini:

of teams for duplic In such

rames itis not possible to cl e sents and car
tdance with the way the luck is run
because your position, N and 8 KE oant W, is

fised in advance

in ace

 

It is useiers to getup and walk

roun! yourch nesin the! teh

   

 

    

ing the run of the cards, because in a compass |
taine they s all shuflled and dealt before the |
1, andin am i the deal is
Phere is no use tay black |
‘ 5 las, because eve if it
brings you four trumps you will have to pasa |
'

{ yur of them along to the other fellows that sit
the same way that you do

In the race for the attainment of ekill in any |

   

fume there is a certain dividing line, a sort of
‘ ance post, t ul whieh tt rent majority
of persons st ten that they get to bel ked
Lpon as a class by themselves, a species

rans Some of them hang ar ]

for ins time never ing to be abl

past except rate Can itis Li

t'uira ie covered by the word medi

     

 

  

   

 

   

   

   

   

 

 

Very curious that it marks a well defin
in all Pskill, Look ai the th
hing ders Who can putupa ft amie
With a probable average iw chess pl ts
Who are always about @ alighi oehind the lst
dios, the Cheesker players wis dMobt shil ul
euoush ever t COE a IWolomone trap,
SCL EMMG Lever Fel Ae wvuca as a draw against a |
pF ).essiolied tlie bi player Wiis aibays
just Ultensiy es bebilna tie woe, l ers
v ay TAY SUMS bor Scars bate) the pigeon
Shots Who siada al tue Papo Weck aier week ve |
Bever reach the YU percent ¢
in att bwaich ieadw is the dominant
factor Cerlain eleiuent Which may in
regarie sive testo. the possiuifitres
we ag beyotu tine bar i
Tt dn @uch Mame the test mi y
ditterent in iis applicauon, butin aii it is ,
Y Whe seiue Word, loresigit duke the
baths tious so amateurs ¢
| at ts Well Chuughiok PWoeTe tue balls
Will be aiter the shut, but wot one in adidiiou can
tell Wiiete U ey Will be alter tWo suots slid have
eon played Lie proession Cau plun tor ¢
t DUPSE Post suibellines Live of SIX Stiots
in advane ee GVOFEge checker plaser sees
TAC he makes a ¢
wet ie’, bul he ean
hiow that in e

ioogive up & beg

   

   

  

> Plager ean s«
Ae Wat ay
buta ai
Wil ive
fi all inteliectual gawes, the test of superior
‘kill seetus to be Whe ability to look ahea and
tu plan tor tue situation Snot vei a ir
ent bothe otummary player. 11 br ue labi
bie sup rene test on Sika in tae calibre
pahy player Day be linge, sdilwe

     

Cau tell bow far abead Le ¢ boo ,& bal
iu S@e dhivsd if buis liatmer or WWhes a "Pao
Wont OW siluatotis and to divine Wil Oaeh player

   

 

 

 

Is Words aut, WhhlCa presupposes Wat lie ati

Wial cards the others hold of shoulda toi, judy

inZ trom the plas jar, How i

ei Go this iow Many are thore

earuscl wen Ra logiVe aby

esr mn Whotls probably ¢

jn the lastiour or five tricks” Tt would bea sare

bet tat mot player fen thousand

iiaue toe last cara, size art suit i

bata on it Stifiek Uo he wore os n

uneXpectedly ater twelve tr {
persons afe continuallv wr \
shin Lor advice oh tue subject ne

 

ul ob Whaat Dhey wot toknow what boo
study. What system to play and vee a

   

       

 

   

His bo Use AS such Knowledge ¢ t ed
| at the game Here is & Vety sanapts

iopreseverod in hand astwr bh 1, Willdo
ore to Make wu best class weaser thanans iw
rig in your? i the ¢ net cur r ei
eh player onthe lrsttwo rounds the first

BUIb pe 1, sNOr AS Weil aS yi é \ t

r pier t thes a t ric
I t tof the ban i i Cal Pe ‘
that Gistribution of the remaimeer the suas
You will be surprised how the wiowledpe o. these
cards wil engsble you to inter the avecuce uf « ther

ecards when it gets down to the last few tr h
If you cannhel mer the eaact sive + ¢ entis,
perhaps you een place their nunicer inthe dast
trina of Gl i YoU Camimel name the spots on the
¢ . In each hand, perhaps you can 1 sage
the suits, DUtM You are sure of nether one 7 t
the other, You are in w bad way and WO Aloo:
road to travel before you will be a ret-class witi ‘

plaset

All inferences a8 to the cards remaining in the
bands at the end turally the residue ot
other inverences. wy her in the hand, and
oteose imerences Were fot correctly drawn in

the first place opportunities for revising them
mist nave aArisen be the last

 

ifieks were

 

rea Some persons complain that they cau
notre wher the car as il the wantul memory
wer personal detect for which they were not
reeporstble, it they will be candid with them
pel hey MUSt acknowledjre that it is not so
t iy that they cannot renerber as that they
tail ¢ soserve When a man tele you he dees
noi remember how many trumpshave been played, |

what he Means ts that he did not count them as

 

 

 
   
 

 

 

 

Crophed on the tabl

“hen it comes to putting this card reading
ability fo preetical use we require another clement
of stall, the sbilite to seleet the line of play that
will five tae Dest results. This is not whit and
‘ best be learned at double dummy or in t

tution of whist probir the value of which is
t restated is Wehould be. A little practice
ate ble dummy will soon show to what cxtent
HA person f Ses the peeuliar stil already ree
fer the ability to lon la rm
Aultof werrioin iy of play u t™ af
the cards in each hand is key Combined with
this must. of course, be at ih hnowledsge of
whiet princintes, sueh as that certain tact wi

force ean rostite

A very striking example of this ability
ahead of and to avail one’s aif of the etrategical |
advantages of a position came up in one of the
deals played in iho last match for the Alleuy

y aon |
t |

 

J ¥,

        

trophy between New York and Brooklyn, 2 |
dealt and turned the hearteight, and when lirook-

lyn held A-1i's cards the play was as follows |
: ; | 5
50°

 

 

een, | A
Basse 30| Ko! Aog|
| | |

Biles |@2 BA 83

lo r we lea’

Bsasiscii |; Y91O K 93 Y

Boss OO x. 26 4) | Grow Big and Strong and Healthy.

G.......| Qe 5@ 36 iS ' (One of the many letters reeeived dally from

Wirisia ‘ | 260/45 £8 Qo grateful mothers.)

‘ ‘ ” }

messes ize : ; : — . | Cook's Flaked Rice Co:

o.. L* : aa | @ Gentlemen] want to tell you how de
2 Ke 7° lighted we al! are with your Fiaked Riea,
aK 7e 96) Lam not raving too much if 1 do say itis
—— «| ~ | the very best food not only for growa
419 | Je 109 | people, but Tnever found anything to equal

| € | 4@, J 0 j thfor babies. Tam sorry Ddid not have it
ae =e - | tWenty years ago, When my oldest boy wae

Y—7 got seven tricks Pababy. Whatatime }had with him! As

This is not much of a suit to open,

Triek }
butitis according to the system of the tears

look at my younger children now and
think of how he was at that time | cannot
wonder enough at the change there is,

These are se healthy and he was so delie
cate, Cook's Finked Rice deserves the ene
tire credit for this, and LT wish I could) ree
commend jt to everybody all over the
country,

The best way to prepare it for Bables 1
fo put into two quarts of slightly salte
boiling: water one and one-half cups of
Flaked Rice, and stir it gently for four or
j five minutes, not longer, as too much cooke

ingg makes it!ose its tine flavor; then adda

Trek 2 As WH neither returns the suit tor leads
trumps it should be certain that he has no more
of the suit first opened

Trick 3. Tt should now be a certainty that B
has no more clubs, or he would not play ace second
hend so soon

Trick & OY
four trumps only

Elwell, can read 1's lead as from
and even if Z has none left but
the turnup, there is entre one fourtruop hand
ageinst Y's, and thatis P's. If Bocan be foreed |
br any mea Y muet make bis suit provided |
he retains the command of itunnl the third reund
This shows the knowled@e of one of the leading
principles of strategy applied to an inferred posi

 

tion of the ecards | little bofled milk and a pinch of sugar; and
Trick 6 This here worthy of note that if Bh had Seis oa aati mnie a j “Ay
op-ned hin ult with the fourth teat, inatead of the | if every mother will cook Finked Rice this

way she will have tine, healthy children, I
am vee respeetfully,
Irs. Joseph Hoormann,
Green and Fairview Av.,
Brooklyn, N. Y

\ would have known that i was established
and aleo that Z had no more, all four above the
secon being accounted for, by the eloven rule, and
Z having nothing smaller. A does not return his

partners trump lead because he fears that the

 

lead wae made on the assumption that A had
streneth in diamonds. whereas A knows that the
whole suitis now with Z a
But here comes the interesting nert of the hand.
Suppose that \ bad returned the trump, what oOo Ss
would HWhave done? Ttis safe to say that the ten
having foreed the kine, not one player in ten thou
sand would overtake the jack with the queen, vet 5
tue deal
The position that would have been presented to |
Ris one of the oldest in the stratety of the game, |
and was pointed out by Mathews in WOt A For Sale by Your Grocer.

   

plaver with ancstablished suit: he says, should be

 

eerefal te win the third round of tormps and then
to fores out the best trump, which is against him, | == =
with bis suit, Nothing, says Matnews, but tive THE LINKS AT SHORT HILLS,

trumps inone hand against him can prevent his
bringi his suit with his remaining trump

Bs abitlity tosee into the position would depend |
rnreful reading of the eards. and his skill |
n taking advantage of i mald depend on his . . 7
peneeguel that the only ons , i certain of win The Paltusrol Golf Club has extended tte
ning the aliimportant thitd round of trumps | links from 6.487 yards to 6,003 yards, and, ae

sould be te win the second, even at the expense ) the chubhbouse has been enlarged to nearly the

Golfers Are Taikinge of Baltusrol for the
Women's Championship,

wr ur

   

 

 

     
 

 

 

 
 
        

of over-taking A's ie the a at ! i
In the first place, asta his inference that his suit | Proportions of asummer hotel, the Short Hille
was established The OMand Saretheunknown , Oolfers believe that they should receive @
cards. Z% has not i! b and Y has not 0 16 chances to run off eitherthe amateur, women's
The 5 is easily placed with Y. With Q ane Aiwa . " , }
only 2% would bave covered the 10 led, With | OP oben championship this season. The Bale
Q0 6 he would also heve covered, as pointed out) tuarol Club became an associate meme
Yast week. With Q and only one emall, A would | ber of the U. 8. G. A. lust winter, and,
not have passed the 10, 80 A musthavebeldQ08 | cinog 1405, as an allied club. It had
In the second place, as to is eoing the vital ,
mportance of winning the second roundeftrumps: | been one of the most aetive of the
Gir 1 that he is theroughiy familiar with the | many golfelubs near New York. Its team of
prinevple requiring him to wir the third and then | four, James A. Tyng, H. P. Toler, Louis A,
{ has he t! Hl te see that ind Jayard, Jrand Hugh K. Toler, never has been

pending

1 Feriinps beaten, and itsclub and open (ournaments for
leaving — the players of each sex have brought out large
ittend to fleldgs and often exciting contests, A circular

and had | letter from the dbecretary of the U, 8. G@, A, te in

ela very

cof inference

nhis partnere:ther to lead a third round
rto put him again with his it he is
to his partner something Uiat he ear
himself? Had A returned the trump
BB overtaken it, it would have di
rder of shill in the ecombinatio
that his suit was established end that he held a |
winning Position mn whist teetics, whieh would |
him to bring in his suit to a certainty un
Y bell five trumps orginally |
the play of the hand which shows
the importance of skill and knowledge, now let
His look atthe play in which luek plays the im-
portant part

On the overplay of the deal, Brooklyn held
Y-Z's cards, ond they succeeded in dropping
no Jess than five tricks leaving the

 

   

 

high

 
  
 

 

   

with them,
New Yorks a clear gain of four points on the deal,
Here is the way they managed it

in

45
49 |
410 |
Y--2 wet three tricke only, a loss of four,
Trick 3. It is probable that Y did not eee any
ate need of overtaking his partner's trump
wing the last one from 1, butif he does
save just five tricks on the deal, as will
be shown presentiy

Trick 0. Z should have given up the Jack
iisteo late forbim to do anything to save the |
hand

|

Hiere is what might have happened |

13. 60

    

he will

   

NEW BALTUSROL LINKS,

- _ | cireulation atthe asaociate clubs. asking that
each will express ite wishes in regard tothe

 

 

 

 

Py
Bie | OS . = championosiips forthe instruction of tne delee
Bocconi em 965 Gates who will come on to vote at the annual

| ; meeting next month C. b, Macdonald, who
Ri visssss a4 98 Will represeat the Chicago Golf Club at the
4 | 206 | 66 neeting, bas expressed himself in favor of
te eeeees *¥ | | Garden City forthe ametear, Baltusrol for the
Bissciictiey \83 } Women’s and his own for the open cham-
‘ plonship, As the expr sion of opinion was
Pixvcisvsct 4 5 O | unsolieted the Baltusru inembers are pleased
| over Macdonald's nion and believe that
Ferree | #&Q o 4J | enough vores will be cant for its clon fe send
3096 the women's championship to Short 8.
Bo . 46/68 The course is in very good turf, the result of
Wiss 40 7 © | four years of seeding and rolling, and the pute
10 BO 9 ting greens are tine and Jarge. A 6-inch
reeveee ’ 6 v Water main trom the Short Hills Water Come
at ‘ BO 106 | pany has been connected with the links, giving
| A pressure of L44 pounds to the square inch for

BW: cece 8 @ JO | watering ine areson The map eons the Ime

j provements on the course, th the excene

BR i arizari 906 5 @, QO | tionof the new hazards, fn the way of traps

 

and bunkers, the changes are chiefly on the

Mrick 3 The di-card of the club is not 80 good | fourth, sixth and seventh holes, The fourth

       

 

 

 

as asmall diamond, but itis given as played will be of O10 yards, and ts formed by the

nek 7 Asin the play first given, should | blending of the former fourth and fifth holes,
be nble to read his partner for having originally | The sixth is a new hole, 350 yards, with the
held the R10 065 2 of clubs, because he cannot) Laltuseo! Driveway a8 a hazard for a short
have held both king and queen or ho would have , drive, while hole seven has bees lengthened
led one of them. Ky the eleven rule Z should | by putting pick the tee, so that the same road
know thatof the five cards orwinally outagainst | will be the hazard forthe second shotand the

there isonly cnetecome and thatis unguarded distance OOS yards. As rearranged the dis-
in \'s hand and must be the queen Tf it should | tances are

Ont—667, 853, 212, 510,
3,417,

turn outthet ¥ led low from beth king and queen 77, 850, 606, 276, 167

he harm i* done by vivir up the jack, 2s whatever

 

cor’! \ holds must fall and clear the suit for ¥ In--180, 257, 253, 880, 881, 463, 617, 800, 346—
A!] this only goes to show that while New York | 2.888,
’ liv gained four tricks on this deal they Crand Total--4,008 yards,

 

 

persous say there ie no liek in duplicate whist!
CLUB NOTES |

»of New York lost the Albany | Private Krider Not Only Recovered, bus

cherbockers on Monday Inst Soon Became a Bridegroom,

|
|
came unpleasantly close to losing two, yet some |
| WOUNDED 26 TIMES IN ONE FIORT,
}

 

The Whiet Cl
nhe

   
  
 

 

ix deals. The winning
VE, Watkins, G. From the Clews!and Leader.
The New York piay- | An Ohto soldier seems to hold the record for
» Cito Hateh. BO Denison

| being wounded more times at once than any other
man who lived through it The remarkable part
of it is that he received all the wounds in a single
battle and a!! butone of them at the same instant

! carried off the prizes at the
Vih this week with @') pl Hrown

 

       

nd with 44 tricks and

28 kills; Gill Hicks and 34 hills, Faber He ts, or was unti! he was mustered ont of the
Bi wicks mt at bills Faler has the greater | service on accountof his wounds, Private Krider
numer i , oak om ,

At rne Kniet er the scores were remark- | of Light Battery K, Third United States Artik
nw | t mew ‘Three pairs tied for the | lery
t tN and S wit Ao ni im two pairs mace) A few day aro D. W. Benham, United States
lowest sortas wer Ma Boimthne Twente, | Atms, retired, formerly Colonel of the Seventh
four wes were plaved CORO Wataon ia now | lofautry, and now living in Broomville, Ohio,

   

sent Harry Tomb of this city, a9 a Christmas

   

a frat Il “ { * " . bgt 1 ad h 42 Baker | pr sent a stickpin made from a shell picked up
. oe ’ 11 if on th , sore he Philiy ; the story
The Long Istan i Club ts to give a bie invitation | the seashore in the Pilliippines, and

game for ladies onty on the last Thursday in | ‘ { the pin he writes aa follows

Saar “A shell

Phe A. WoO te

washed Sp py, the sen and
and offered for sale by a native Fili-

on
the shores of Luzon picked up, polished

hy fe still in Chicago, but in Manila

ne ah a Far be Ha De dete on abana’ Pino, Bouwrht as a curiosity for a trifle, by an
' : ’ \muerican soldier, one Krider, who was seryvin
after whieh it comes east , :
ha vated : : 5 Be as a private selcler in Light Battery K, Thir
the ¢ sisaun br ee ‘ean The Athen tute United States Aruliery, in f uren Inan engage
! a ‘ . neT Y ) . Aer’ . »
who defeated the Torontos by seventeen trieks in | Wentin which Krider's battery took an active t

a shrapnel shel! was exploded by the Filipinos
tr the near vicinity of the battery. and twenty five
salen bullets from it were lodged in the body of

thirty-six deals last week, ‘The lone suiters
gained five singles and two doulles only, while

e commonsense players gained ‘en singles,

  

   

 

" how ~ ) -

ie deakies. mk thfee Asa Calon ; vate rider a the same engagement a bullet

t aptaln {be team w ee ten ry that es from a Mauser rife struck him, making @ total of

non-informatery. ¢ LM-sense system of oper twenty sia wounds inficted upon him fn this
Ts seemed to work re kal ! hroug et TA

ings seein bto work remarkably well all througn rider was sent t) the noapttal, where he

wee aheiimndctanns i j remained woot he had recovered sufficiently

to make ft aefe to remove him t. a Covernment

Rumored Visit of an Irish Athletio Teain | hoapital transport, which Proveeht tim tw San

to America, ' P¥anciseo, where he was again te sferred to

j eat movement ts beine uce | the United Statee Army Hoey ital at the Prea-
An ome ; . oe nt ts beings made to Induce dio where he recovered ard vas able to travel
a team of Iris a@iletes to come here for a series without an attendant to hs home in Wharton,

 

    

     

  

of conter during the ensuing season The! (). where bis mother live While he waa vis-
men thatit ia 4 sed to invite include W. JU M fting his mother, his brother, Harley Krider
Newburn, the noted broad fumper, Ro J Leahy, | went home t. see iim, and recelyed from his hand
Irish champion t gh jumper; Dennis H » the sea she t later came into my posses
holder of the world’s shotputting record; fiom, T taal at mi te it) Blocomville, OO. ©

vtely. Trish ali around champton, and 2. O'Con- | I think Lam safe in saving that Private K elder
nor of Waterford, anew aspirant for broad-iump | Battery KK. Third Artillery. Relds the record of

 
     

ing hones Velo the worst wounded man to recover in any
everal ferences have been held between | war that ever waged on the face of this earth
PY. &. Bult Metal handicapper of the Gaelic | While Krier v nthe hosrital at the Presidio
\ Aa Irigi, Cyelist Association, and the | be meta coung woman al loved him, and,
promoters of project in thts country Should | tater. nr eter
the menen vereffort Ibe made to pitNew | I have 1 tld itafier Wrider recovered
burn and (Connor ar Kraenziein in the | he wanted return to Tuczen and again fight
broad jump. vind beat Against ltaxter inthe | the Filipin hoping ty be able to revenge Ke .
high jutap Horgan will look for a contest | self ageinst them for filling ba body with lead,
With Georve Gray in putting the shot Kiely | When told that his wounds had disabled him

Will test his powers as a hammer thrower against
John #isnagan, and ts also desirous of meeting
Powers in an all-around compeution

for further service im cur army he cried itke
eniid. Krider will probably ge) @ pensiot
672 per month as long as be ives

i

—

ee

if