TRANSVAAL’S FRONT DOOR,

BAY RAILROADS IMPORT

pAGod
one PART IN DIPLOMACY,

anv
Its An
the Wrong—
the Indemnity
Since 1s%0,

 

Portugal seized Wt Prom
Owner ane Admitted
the Arbitration as to
Has Heen Dragging On

qyere Was been mention of late in the news

papers Wtheg
Bay Railroad arbitratl
ning back as far as 1Av0.

jnd plomatic cite les, owing tothe general belief
1 Ob

that neland wills

4 . seis ended
Ray when theca :
the railroad Was Col Mdward

MeMurde, on American eapitalest, who for years
was well Known in the Loudon financial world
4 man Whe ts famthar with the affair irom its
: ne gave ASUS reporter last week the fol

reat delay in deciding the Delagoa
nease, a matter now run

And oF 1S nh portaace

ome into possession of Delagoa
\s is well known,

coustructed by

bevinn
Jowing A the construction of the raidroad
aust jiernational problems involved

' award MeMurde, @ Wentuekien living in
Jon mon ofwreatenergy, had his attention
drawn tothe nebo ssoftbe Trausvaallong before
Jiriushers took any iiterest in Qom Paul's coun
try. | VeMurdo was the son of a well known
elengs 8 In the Civil War he was noted for

and came to be «a protege of Gen

ln London he bade great business sur

 

ra
ea Hishome in Berkeley Square was the seat
of a generous f msprtality Success in London
was insufficient toeause MeMurdo's Love for his
c ‘ fiche liis patrioism was at all times
jnevadenee, ar I friends participating in the bh
pitality fhistable, always sat under the folds of
the Stars and Stripes
Mane of Foghshmen who in the earls
& South Africa were in the pay of
( Me Meerd While Sir Thomas Tancred and
his stat ginerrs were building the Delagoa
Jiav Patlroa ipable agents were scouring the
Transvaal and neighboring regions then under
nat rude seeking for mines and tracts of ter
rier pable of development by colonizers
s financial London know of the Tr
Vaal an st Iroes tn) those dava that it is
wld of ¢ MeMurdeo that he aetually had men
give f Hlustrated by lantern pietures
wh persons from every walk of industriel
life wer 4 teu VieMurde was recog
noel as atpl erof South Vfrican develoy
me Cecil Rhode an
ha { Beit followed the way blazed by
the Amer
maeofh feath 1480, Col. MeMurdo
y vt t St \ugustine diam t
nite Kimberley, and coutrolfed many ott
P g vert 1 South Africa He wa
} Yohuantepee Ratlroud ae 8 Mex
(i in Gulf wih P mid ha
jis j { f
] ' j With the loss of
bis ma 1 hi faraway ¢
prt fa “y " vm
ecome ier vp
toatl h ' hima to
1 r i) “ lransvaal with
j 1 t nue with t
‘ e word ymeunt to th trol of a
1 ud that liom eeent wovers
s ( McMurdo thus foresaw
(Delngoa Hav : .
Delagoa Bae R ida { !
sas the “MeMur Ra
jt poratet
vt fetng month of 1883. Col MeMurd
ob tatred a concession from the hi f Portugal
frit ustruction of railway from hee
Marques to the ‘Transvaal frontie Mt that
time the condition of the Transvaal and the }
terland” was widely different from what itmow is

   

Js. ‘The existence of gold in payatl

 

!

the commercial

wes almost unknown, and agri
@ultural interests of the couniry
Pressel condition, and
was empty. A concession had
previously by Portugal for the railroad
fig a subvention 18 80 fy
6'pulations and condiitons, stringent and
biguous, as to keep people from embarking
tal in the proposed eaterprise

McMurdo wanted o
by conditions, one that would
wight of carrying
the Portuguese colony of Mozambique for

were in

Ire

a de

the Transvaal isury

been granted

carry

but it we ighted with

Cobeession Wniaimpered

Qive the exclusive
passengers aud goods across

 

  

   

   

nine vears, He desired no subvention that would
make of the Portiguese Government «4 partt
Ile probativ well knew e shifty war {
the Latin-descended Portugues: \ ey
) santied # HCOSSL ot it would give bim oa
free band so long as its eon n rn ed
" he cectred direct from: the wine g
\ the exclusive cigiit to fin freig and pas
t r rate With telewraple privilege
‘ Island in Delagoa bys ! t
eniiiig for a woodis: part of the now '
p (the townoef Lorenzo Marques s
vost tenets of wild lands along the line of ide road
lis terms were +s A upon ta direct conference
Nie Inte oun ancis, of Tr S. ¥., then
\ ed States i! Lisbon, lent Col M
Murnde all the sssistay ! lis tieial er
thromghout the negotiations

MeMurdo and his associates in due tr
budt the road from Bayo to the ‘ran
veal frontier It was a most expensive line tw
Coustruct Bridges and ironwork were made in

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

        

 

 

   

 

 

Fagland, and ecartied to South Africa to be put
together there A fleet of steamers disembarked
in Deiagoa Bay the 1 nolives Ss. Station
buildings, in faet, pra rr onceded
Of CONSEFUCTIVE acter rou we
end rails ordered by t+ imet
for the Suakim Berber m I into e
Soudan. and never used, was purchased by MoM
a tre ted te South Africa
e concession called for the making of a le
terminating exactly a: the Transvaal fe lt
aud ‘ roment furnished Nstructors
wit vthe “fronie “ defi
ind ed ranidings letter To t i
' r " under Cotstar Dservation
oF military engineer officers « e Lisbon trovert
' When declared by them to be compleced
1d Was formally opened erand festiy
fies \ Nday was decreed iv c ut
tole rain filled with dignitaries ran from
Marques to the fronner, drawn bv nt
Che ne homed in honor of the Portuguese ining
and vas declared t by the ine
Visit ies to be completed and open {
\ ff \ banquet was given att no Marques
t vernor of the color | ops, ihe
s r th sof the I a! reein | ,
e etal by rade der '
OO an CeeAasion of that sort Loyal toas
arin hing, and congratulatory cableg
were sent to Col MeMurdo in) bogelaind Vhis
Was in AST
WX months after when the Transvaal was be
Kinning to throb with business euerge, and with
Ihe country becoming veined with railroads that
Mist of necessity converge at the frontier ond
fommunicate with the sea and the outer world
hy means of the MeMurdo road, the Delawoa Bay
enterprise Was much to the fore in Europe, and
had taken # commanding place in political talk
alevery ¢

 

 

It was conceded
i must in time play an
partin controlling the destinies of the
ta Transvaal, Prom Pretoria to Delagoa
Hay Wasonly about three hundred miles, as against

pital of importance
that the Delagoa railr
binpertant

med
"

  

 

 

More than 1.109 by way of Cape Town Ihe
Hoers had a disiike for everything British, and
eve ad leading to the sea, save the Delagcoa
t aer sundreds of milesof British ecil
"reasons were aus combined with facts of
toe Un Naming Dela 1 Bay as the natural point

   

 

   

  

 

 

   

tt Ss aud egress for the Transvaal. tt was
herefore thatthe American concessionaire

Ne ved as one Whe could have an im pe
i ! matters dealing with the South
Mr public As a fact, be sought only
: venture a great suecess on legitimate
pies ; after his railroad was open for
MISTER ingovernments Great Hritain, Ger

'¥, Holland and the Transvaal were con
"their offers for his controlling interest

serta king

J ‘he possibly the facet that its con
pel tad been drafted in too liberal a spirit,
J il Was now treating the MeMurdo venture
J A manner portending no good. There ¥ :

Broundes f ispicion that the Boers and Port
x rie Were engaged in a conspiracy with a hope
i = 1h the railroad into their own hands, ‘The
a Ce furnish money in apy sum. [tis a

Hebbal dy ried by documents, that a Continental
anwer tendered Col MeMurdo a certified bank

 

 

 

ene r about 85,000,000 for his interest in the
ah acting obviously for the Boers and Portu
Kurse Che otfer was declined. Then followed a
i vaio the line be methods less honest

Sen direct purchase, Disturbing as the threat
1 MeMurda belief was that the Portu

hy | i never dare attempt so high handed

we 4s the dispossession of lumself and his
s from there legal rights. He
‘ “ on United States cilizenship

rhe vlter faithlessness of the Portuguese was

msarlar
ity

value

{fe apnar
ce apnarentininany ways. In 1880 the Lisbon
A lorhiient served notice on him that it had
ye ered that the railway was not finished to

‘frontier

fete end that the dividing line between its

‘nd thatof the Transvaal was six miles

eter niand and thataf the railway was not
‘oom tle ed to ot arbitrarily named place within
nths the line would be seized by the Gov

 

e went and the concession cancelled. Col
a do answered that to construct a railroad
he me is and over a range of mountains
maid ae WAS ysically impossible, and
' ; the necessary time le would
7 Nile addon gladly. ‘There was

Th yokes and other means on his part
hy ; tPosed condition was meant, ob
lo compel bint to sell his interest in the

|

enterprise, All engineers knew the additional
#x miles could not be built in the specified time,
especially with the wet season just inning

The Portuguese invented this “movable frontier”
to serve their own ends, and wasted no time in
explaining why the originally named “frontier”
hod been discarded. ‘They had conceived a
frontier on wheely, as it were, that could be moved
about at willin their desire to dodge the terminus
ofthe railroad. \s an interesting fact, it was not
until two years later (hat the frontier between the
Hoer Republic and the Portuguese coluny was
fixed by convention between the two Governments,
and then quite a ditterent frontier from either the
one lo which the road bad been completed and the
one Six miles inland was agreed upon. Every
vrevionis attempt to place the dividing line had
eon mere wuesswork

In May of 168) Col MeMurdo died suddenly
“tities bondon home of paralysis of the brain as
# Tesult of overwork and worry. The following
month the property of the Delagoa Bay Railway
Company was seized by Portuguese regiments,
acting under orders from Lisbon, The outery
throughout Burope was very great. In England
the feeling agaist Portugal was intense. [ndig
navon meetings were held publicly, and a sever
ance of all relations with Portugal was strongly
advicouted Tl was even proposed to exclude
Portuguese securities from dealings on the Lon
don Stock exchange —\ squadron of British
Warships was hurned to Delagoa Bay with orders
I, America the affair was understood. The
Widow of Col MeMurdo, aud inheritor of his

estate, appealed to the State Department at Wash
imrton to denand reparation, and Secretary
Blaioe, co operetiog with the British Government,

prompily made demand upon Portugal for pay-
ment Portugal chose to trade upon her weah-
Hess Cousequently, when the Lisbon Govern
ment pleaced guilty and admitied responsibility
by paviag 4 committing, sum on account, Eng
laud aud the United States were forced to give
ear to ber entreaty for @ court of arbitration to
Nx the amount of indemnity

Seerctary Blaine favored compelling Portugal
to make imme tiate reparation to Mrs) MeMurdo,
but stelded to @ request for arbitration. He
forced Portugal, bowever, to abandon its charges
of technical breach of contract, and confess un
werrantod seizure, thereby reducing the arbitra
Hou to one of indemnity only. Col. Robert G
Iigersoll, chief counsel for the American plain
uff, eo operated with Mr. Blaine in arranging the
terms of submission

In 1890 the President of the Swiss Republic
appointed three jurisis of his country to sit as a
eourt to determine the value of the railroad, con
cession and lands, aud their future earning
capacity, so that Portugal should at once pay
the Englishmen aud the Americans interested
in the affair the value of their property, The
hitretors gave the interested powers to under

 

  

) stand that its labers would be completed in eigh

| elsewhere

; the

teen months, Cp to the appointment of the Del-
agen court Swiss judwes had done a good share
of the work cf arbitrating disputes between gov
eroments; hot the almost criminal procrastina
ton that has charvctertved the Detagoa case
will doubtiess cause litigating States to apply
tinve disputes adfudicated. More
then one Secretary of State of the United States

 

 

 

 

aod more thanone Premfer of England has be
sourht the aroitraters to render their decision
No Portuguese official, presumably, bas desired
tw en matters, for to fall dishonestly int
I ssiocn el @ railroad. paying at these times
a net profit. of $100 .000 a year is too excellent
a Propestiion to tamper with, Portual naturally
is dread to have payday eome, and it will
he awkward without outside help for the Portu
gvose Government to reise the ten or twelve million
dollors for tts bigh-handed spoifatlon of other
pe ples property

\ board « pwineers sent to South Africa by
the ertitrators reported tie value of the conces
sia ne te be oon “SL 1886, $8.000,000
tnoff ly ers seid tt was worth $15,000,000

\ dozen Umes the arlitvators have set a date
f noounel their award; but somethlag

“ys tersones. a holiday has to be taken
or an expert bas to be sent to South Africa to
valueal finot Sears railway sleepers, Mean
shile Lord Salishurs’s inquiry is: permitted to
r a days unt chee beneath an official
dooriat Berne. Letore the arbityators can find
tine te en cud prepare it for pigeonholing

fuus, in & moral sense. the Swiss arbitrators
VPATS as became the allies of the Portuguese
Goversment. through permitting their dilatori
ne erve Portugal S aversion to paying for
p riy deliberately stolen. In. international
arbitra there is no statute or rule of limita
thon. and by coustant trading on “official courtesy’
decodes mas pass without the performance by
enorbvral int of a tittle of the duty entrusted
tethem. “he cause of arbitration has received
A Seu A thesggh the Delagoa arbitrators

admitiediy is the front door tu
Transvaal, more than merely the key; and
rvilway is the most valuable sixty

es f trackage in the world, — [ts potentialities
oo velue dn time of war are pow recognized, and,

Doluroa Bay

'
1
i

  

 

 

 

 

 

ihe present conflict over, at will be worth twice
Whatitwasa rage, for itwill carry a nation’s
trafic Under British rule Delagoa Bay would
soon become one of the busiest harbors of Eng
lana’s great Empire
PRIZEPIGHTS AS THEY ARK SEEN,
She Read of It and He Looked at It- Their
Differe s Harmonized,

Wel she said as she poured the coffee foe
br fas

| a wrest tight.” he answered enthu-
sias')

ly ist been reading the accounta of it Ja
two newspapers, she said

| hope thew did justice to it. It's the first
fig!.t that I've seen sinee we have been married
and | don't know when | have enjoyed an evening
more Bot hello bello wou look a littl peaked
th morning What is the trouble? Has the
coos given gotice®

s sel the coffeepot down with @ faint sug

   

looking at bim sai

ti very Sorry that matrimony has prevented

s from evjoylug many such evenings.”

Ob, come now, nothing of the ort,” he said
wer >a while you know | like a good clean
exhit potthe manly ari. le stirs one's blood
AL r all that sort of thing, you know

ch she Seid expressively
Why whatis the trouble’ You made no ob-
jon to my going when | spoke of it several

aayvs ago
| theumbt it be ao onice exhibition
as | have seen at the Athletic Club
Well, it sas a good clean fight
! have just been reading the account of it,”

was to

such

 

sie said decisively “Il pever read a prizefighs

int before Ugh! It must have been dis
gusting! -T don't see how men of refinement
eau attend such things! Did) you sit with the

South Brooklyn ‘sports’*

He ratded off the names of a dozen men whom
to show (hat respectable men atlended
uch exbibitions

[ con onle say that they might have been
better employed than ja sitting all evening with
to see two beasts pound each other,’

 

sucha crowd

she said
Well, ofcourse, women can'tundersiand these

| thins
They can read, though,” she answered trium
phantly Listen to this, will you? Let me see
Yes, here itis Dixon drove bis left for the bead

ee

on the nest attack and MeGovern hammered the
bodys with his tight as before Now, was that a4
nice spectacle toapplaud? eotine Smt 8 straught
left to the month, whereupon ey got into a
sitwying match that lasted vw the gong.’ Now,
women may not understand prigefigbis, but that
seems lo cast some light on this one”

iat Was the finish of the first round,” he said,
enthusiastically, “and it was @ dandy = Terry
proved himself a whirlwind on the mix up, but
at that stage of the contesti( wasany one's fight.
In fact, it kept us all guessing unul the seventh
round, and”

Now, please, don't,” she interrupted. “Ll have
read the whole brutal thing Inrough andit saimply
disgusting. Lf you were a South Brooklyn sport
who had been brought vp on tenement house
brawls Leould understand how you had devaloped
a toste forsuchexbrbitions. As it is, it is ineom
prehensile You nowanake it worse by saying
regretfully thatitisthe firstexhibition of this sort
you bave seen since we were married. [assume
that before you were so restricted you frequented
such places, though you never said anvthing to
me abouts

sow, there is Charlie Shelley, with whom
vou were so intimate. [lis guind is fixed on the
opera and such things. He wouldn't go tw a”

lie backed George last night,” he interrupted,
‘and elthouch [am no betting man, he was so
pug beaded about it that Ltook him up for ten just
to teach bim that be did not know tt all hou
should have seen Charlie's face when Terry made

 

 

  

 

a monkey of Ge in the last round

“Chen, Im ashamed of Mr. She g, too, I
thought he was above such things. I never
suspected that he could sit and wateh anything
like this happes without protest, Perhaps pou
sewtbisandenjoyedit. ‘Dixon's face was swollen

McGovern rushed

and his mouth was bleeding i
MeGovern

him. Dixon nated him on the jaw
with o left hook on the jaw, followed by a body
punch, knocked Dixon down.’ The poor fel-
low! Was there no man present to prevent thie?”

“Hut. oe dear, thatisa partofthesport These
men are well trained for it) ‘They are not hurt
by these blows.”

“Do you mean to tell me that a man who is
bnoeked down isn't seriously burt”

‘Exactly that. This was @ very clean sports-
maniike tieht and when Terry won, aa L knew
he would, George was ready to shake hands with
him ond wish him tuck. As & matter of cold fact
ep prizefight is not half as vielous as a meeting

of the average woman's club. Woman won't
fieht fair. They stab each other in the back and
they are vever good losers. I'd. rather stand

up in a prizefght than run my fehances as 4
member of a woman's club. Yes, sir, | would,
“Tt ceema to me that spending an evening wetch
ing those two big brules pound each other haa
changed your point of view for the time,” she eaid,
“Hig brutes!” he exclaimed, “Why, my dear,
con are twenty pounds heavier than either of
inom. They only weighed 116', pounds. Don't
wou think that it would be pleasant toinvest Shel.
jev s ten in opera tickets fur to wight” y
“Well, it might serve bim right,” she said, ye
lentiog, “and perhaps a little supper afterward
By all means, the little supper afterward.” |
“Let me pour you another cup of coffee,” a!
eald. “Sbat first one had too much milk ind

 

 

 

 

CHINESE HIGHBINDERS,

 

SECRET SOCITRTIES FORMED FOR
MURDER AND BLACKMAIL,
Offshoots in San pcinco and New Vork

 

ization in 4 Initia.
Hatchet Boy Signs and
Passwords — High Sounding Names,
Los ANGLES, Cal, dan 6.—"Well, ve
awaronourhandsagain, saidamean whokuows
a good deal about the Chinese on the Pacific Coast
“The Hop Sing and the Suey Sing Tongs at San
Frauciseo have declared war, and you will see

 

or an Or
tion of th

  

we

'
that the war will spread and there will be (rouble |

There's been only one
killing so far in San Franeiseo, but th8re may
be more. Did you ever Chink of it"
on this coast, say 75,000 Clinamen, aud every
one of them is governed, not by the United Svaies
but by their own society rules” When a China
man geis a grudge ayainst & man be goes toa
professional murderer and hires bim te kill the
wan. If you should want to get Pid of some one
these sovieties would do it for you with despateoh
If the Chinaman lias cue fad more than avother
it is for secre( secietics. ‘The average American
| believes these societies to be benevolent ongau
| izations, but the majority are formed to defeat
the ends of justice and enable the members to
commit a variety of crimes without danger of
punishment \mericaus call the members bigh-
binders, but the Chinese call the crgantzations
hatchet societies and the members liatchet boys,
which well describes them
“The history of the hatchet or highbinder so
cieties in America goes back to a lot of poliueal
refugees, who came to this country some years
ago afler an aitempt to overthrow the Govern
ment in China, ‘There are many societies, but
the grand head is the ‘Triad Society in China,
which crops up now aud then. Lf any plan is
discovered agaist the reqgigng house in Chliua
you may be sure Chativean be (raced to tie Triad.
The Triad, which reters to Barth, Heaven and
Man, was first heard of in this country iu 1868
When @& sociely in San Pratcisce
apparently for benevolent purposes. with the
high sounding name of Chee Kung Vong which
means the Chamberof High Justice In New
York (here is @ braneb wuich goes by the name
of Yee Hing Gey. or the Scciets Rightecus
Brethren All brethren ho
righteous, The chief object of the society is to
even up old scores
oath never to rest vudil the wrongs of tt

'

| in all the Chinatowns
‘There are

|

 

 

Was Started

at

the are by INCANS

and every member take an

» Triad
are aveuged

 

 

“Por a long time the police detectives and stu
denis of Chinese pugzled over this Triad Thes
knew there Was some connection betwee
wors and murders iu Califoruia and the Triad,

bulit wasimpossible toverretivout untilone day

Tongs or secu

in makiig a rant omone of the ies
the police found some books and papers, Gue of
witch proved to be the seeret ritual, or book of

Tules, for the guiday { members

as well the enure list

ry of the associa

 

was quickly translated and it has ed
agaist them ever since You can imagine what
@ Selioalion Was crested among ihe t Whit

 

it was known that the \mericaus had it Sup

pose some one was to find the secrets of Mas. ur
and publish them to the world’ Well, ii was
same will the Chinese, though in their case t

exposure was Of @ series of crimes and not the
secrets of a bevevelen s y

“Yhe initiation of 1
terrible orgeal, and amecy fail topes
of the fear they feel at what they see

 

Fices dite the
ss Ol aK

They are

 

{ taken to a gorgeous room crowded with curiously

dressed men, fully armed Ato ohe end of the
e|partment stands an altar, covered with gould
and brass, wilh strauge forms of dragons, and

with images of the five monks Who ate supposed
to be the foliuders of the termble secieiv Prom
this room, stifling with iuce the 4

| escorted by a guard
| He is here threat
eee auvilhing regarding tn

approaches the fi
aurful dee
ceremony, al

d with af

 

itis explained io him thatitis ihe duty of every

member to kill a taster tle now eives th
password, changes his clothes and ay + in
the costume of the Ming dyuasiy. He wears
a garb of tive eolors; aboui his waist is a white

    

gitdie, while a red cloth is bourd about his he

He is vow led wth ma mate. orawiiag Ubrough
on bis hands kites, wh biog ‘ words
clash in & gleaming arch above him He is then

  

led to the throne Where sits the grand mogul of
the sectety, the 4h Ma, before whom the novice
prostrates himself acd swoars lo accept the tweniy.

   

 
   

 

 

ope regulations bias Candadate hos ont a
) fing Wluch is pictced with @ silver Weapon like
| & needle A drop of blood fr vandidate

falls inte a wine cup, and uid
} of the cup to show that from Woou & blood te
!Javionship eXists) among them \ sume ol
| forms are go theough on f whieh would

hot bear pubheation, and the Geophy ie swears

Ww renotbeo all bis relatives: and rocewmiiee '

authority butthe Ali Ma Phisd becomes

@ member of the Hung famils Heois tow

 

    

 

to the third gate, wiiere he roceives all the secret
stgus of the Soviciy, aud at eluborate ee wis
Is goue through; the new member fically running
he waundet of the old membeos, who, if thes
j Fecoggtaze him es having es Worked amas
1 the society, have the right to stike lam dow
| Some novices are uearly killed in this ordeal

aid those suspected of being Mauchu spies are

 

 
 

 

Milled; but, as a rule, though well beaten, the
hevice stands the orde and becomes a full
Ineinber of a society thay outloes the Mafia
‘They have su many sigus and seerey words
{that itis dificult to keep track of them. Ouee

1 Was aniuierpreter in the courts of San Praueises
and T kuew many of them fron: studying this
secret niual As au example, at what appears
to be ati Iunucent tea paris euy
Will be so set that hoy tell a story to eaeu meme
1 ‘The cups may be placed in a position to speil the
bame Muug, or a member may give a signal ¢

the dishes

 

 

| auotbes by the way he holds his cup. ti you
are drinking te with aloof Chivan ands
some drink by taking the edge of (he cup bet

 

the thumb and (we ret fingers, » ?
that they belong wo the Chee

bore secret ago

ican w

ee
Kung, as that is
If in walking through a ceowd
you feel a Unum) and two fingers pressed steadily
“against you, you may kuow that itis a hatchet

boy of the Yee Hing tnrowing out the three
cornered seal sign [f you return it he thinks
you area member, audifyou watted aidan puto
“# mau out of the war he wound feel nim
obliged tohelpwou. there isa fightin the streect
you wantto go for tie men who have their queties
twisted from deft te right, and yeu will aud a
Yoe Hung manevery tim

“En the seeret ritual discovered was along series
of words thiended to dees: Vhus, if a mem
ber was ordered to kill a ceriain policeman be
was told to wash the body of so and s \ rifle
was knowl as a big Gog; a tevolver as a puppy;
powder and lead as dog fred. The Chinese ate
very clever and they seek to give (he impression
that there society with its signs and passwords
is like our Masoury; and when the ntual was dis
covered they valid that i was au ancient book of
ages ago; but the society of today has absolute!s
nothing in common with Masonry, as auy honest
Chinaman will tell you, being a band of outlaws
that flourishes by murder, blackmail! end other
crimes, and is composed in America of outlaws
of the Cantonese province. To show you how
the society works in America, some years ago
the Rev. J. BE. Gander of Victonma begau a war
fare agaiust the sale of Chinese women, and made
himself so offensive to the Chinese that the local
branches of the Chee Kung Tong decided to kill
him, and one Lum Hip was appointed to do the
deed, But the clergyman bad fiends among the
Chinese aud the tables were turned. The would
be assassin Was captured, aud it) his room was
found a small arsenal tneluding armor, knives
and revolvers showing that he was a professional
mucierer and had probably put many «a man out
of the way, The most interest discovery
however, Wae a letter taken from the mans
pocket, being voihing less hau his instrucuots
from the Victoria society, showing (bat he was a
regularly enlisted soldier in the army of the society
Here's a copy of the letter, which is a curiosity

The letter read as fellows

"To Lum Hip, Salaried Soldier

"tt is well Known that plans aud schemes of
goverament are the work of the learned holders
of the seal, while to oppose foes, fight battles,
and plant firm sovernment, is the work of the
military. This agrecment is made with the above
| salaried soldieron account of sedition from within

and derision and contewpt from without. You,

Lum Hip, together with all other salaried soldiers,

shall act only when orders are given; and without
| ordersyoushall potact. Butincase of emergency
when our numbers, for instance, are suddenly
attacked, you shall act accordingly to the ex-
peateney uf the case, and enter the arena, if neces-
sary. When orders are given you shall advance
valiantly to your assigned duty, striving to be
first, one only fearing to be found laggard, Never
shrink or turn your back upon the battlefield

“You shall go under orders from our directors
to all the veasels arriving in port with Chinese
women on board, and shall be on band to receive
them. Always be punctual; work for the good of
the nee Pe society], and serve us with all your
ability. If, in the discharge of your duties, you
are slain, thie Tong undertakes to pay 4500 sym-
pathy money toyourfriends. Ifyou are wounded
a surgeon will be engaged to beal your wounds
and, if you are laid up for any length of time,
you shall receive 810 4 month f you are maimed
for life, and incapacitated for service, you will
receive the additional sum of $250; and a subserip-
tion will be opened to defray the expeuses of your
passage home. This document is given as proof,
4s an oral promise may not be credited

“It is further stipulated that you, in common
with your comrades, will exert yourself to kill,
or wound, any one at the direction of this Tong.
If, In so doing, you are arrested aud have toendure

  

 

 

——

—

torsbot at the orders of the Vong

. SUNDAY, JANUAR

the miseries of imprisonment, this society under
takes to send $100 every year to your family,
during the term of your incarceration.”

‘The letter bears the seal of the Victoria Branch
of the Chee hung Tong

“How many murders can be laid at (he door of
this society no one can tell,” the speaker went on,
“but undoubtedly many victims have been stabbed

 

| for Americans who don't know the Chinese tun

derstand whatthese wars mean. ‘There are dozens

| of secteties, and each one has its soldiers under

———

salary whose business itistotigntand kill Some
times «a man of one Tong falls in love with the
sluve of & member of another Toug, and aids her
in escaping. This means war at once, and 4
hatchet boy is picked out to kill the man whose
‘Loug takes bis part and so it goes, until some
Umes several are put out of the way. ta some
‘Tongs nearly one-fourth of the members are fight

ing men. They wear chain armor and ar: fully
armed. [Tu ther names these societies shine
Whatdo you say to the Kwong Tak Tong’ This

vieaus the Chamber of Far Reaching Virte

Now some philanthropists who see nothing wrong
iu the Chinese think perhaps that itis an
of (heir morality ty beve such a society; butitsa

itis very herd |

videnee |

terrible come down to find that it means this ‘Tong

is devoted entirely to the importation of slave
women into Amenca, They are organized ts the

chamber of far-reaching virtues, so that they can |

fight theirrivals, and fight American law

“An opposition society in the same business
in San Francisco ts the Leong ‘Tong, which means
the Chamber of ‘Tranquil Conseicntiousness; yet
they say the Chinese have no sense of humor
Other names used for their secret societios are the
Hip Shing ‘Toug, ‘Hall of Victorious Union:
the Hop Shing ‘long, ‘the Hall of Associated
Conquerors; the Sur on ‘tong, or ‘Hall of Real
ized Repose.” Now if a man should tell you
he belonged to the Wa Ting Shan Fong, or ‘Flow
ery Arbor Mountain Boute,’ you might think be
Was A poet, or an artist; get this society obtains
its revenue from housesof il] fame. Perhaps
one of the most famous for the scoundrels who
constitute its membership, is the Po Shin She
or the Guild for the Protection of Virtue, aud the
Way it protects virtue is well illustrated by the
case of Lee Chuck. He was one of its paid mur
derers, and when be was arrested the Tong raised
$30,000 at one meeting to provect him. IT doubt
if anywhere in the world are so many well-organ
lazed societies for the perpetuation of crime and
the evening “ of accounts as there are in San
Frauciseo, and the new war that has broken out
this week shows them to be still working, though
1 miuist be said that the police keep them low

“The police have bagged some of the leading
hatchet meu, and there is a@ flue collection of them
4t San Quentin. ‘They have Yee Lock; he was
4 captain jn the Sui On Vong, but he did a little
private gatroting on the outside and was caught
4ud got fifteen years Lee Chuck is in for fifty
years, he is or was @ leader in the Kai Shin She,
and was @ bodyguard to the famous Little Pete,
who was killed) Lee was a professional mur
derer aud blackmailer” ‘The Wha Ting Shan
Fong, the Wong Fun dkim, the Chee Kung ‘Pong,
the Sui On ‘Tong, the Tak hung Tong, Ping Kung
Pong and others are all represented ip San Quen
Un and may other jails by criminals who for
85 would undertake to remove a man, welman
orebild with quickness and certainty

YORK

 

NiW MEN IN DIPLOMACY,

The Himpire State Seems Now to Be Ahead
in Foreign Kepresentation,

Tha the « decisive year of the Civil
War, during which the diplomacy of the United
Siaies and its representatives abroad were
jected lo @ @reater strain than whey had ever be
before, the American representative al the Cour
uf James Was Charles Francis Adams of Massa
chusetts; the Migister to France was William |
Dayton of New the Minister te Atisrria
| Lothrop Movey of Massachusetts, the Miniser
teChina, Anson Burlingame of New Yark; the
Minister tu haly, G Marsh of Vermon
Minister to Russia Clay of hentucks
Minister () Spain, Gustavus Kerner of Hlinois
Minister to Mexico. rwin of Obdo.
the Minisver Was to Gerdinn
knipire at time), Norman Judd of Mlinvis.
Pie Minister to Turkey
the Ninister io Belgium
the Minisver to Chilk from lodiana

lage and

sub

en

 

Jerseys

 

me P
Cassius M

Thomas ¢ and

w Prissia (there
‘on
was a Pennsylvanian
m Cobnectieut,

the Minister

was fr

to Switzerland from New Hampshire, the Minister |

to tlolland from Maine aud the Minister to Portu-
Pevnsylvania ‘There were then
ther 1 previously, few New York
on tue list and iudeed it had been accepted gen
erally Khatoo New England and the State of Penn
sylvatica the Siate Department looked for repre

wal from us

iad be men

sentatives in European countries, While slacesmen
from tie interior States were sent to Sou and
Central America
invue early days of the Republic, the Southern
Stases furnished rather more wan their slare of
diplomaue represen auves abroad, ihe first Min
ister to Great Hritain being a Seuth Carolinian
tue firse Minister t) Pranee being a residens
of Virginia, and the firs) American Minister iw
Spain belug from the same Stace With the
adoption of ihe present Ametican polley of pr
and eXpansion, With the de pment of
‘nm market for American mauufsecured
f s, with the large increase in the shipment
f American cereals to countries not herewfore
womers for them. and wii the closer rela cions
bemfeen goverhtuen ss through Improved meth
fcomminieA ion eRpe hes and advani
f appointing Ministers from che Seates having
lorge seaboard interesos nas shown itself per
acon and New Yorkers apPpolnied bave establisued
thete while »stiel ree yp initon by effe ve «cipl
metic labor ‘Thus it happens now thas t
first hime in American Distory the tiree American
Manis wrt farce Most dinporuine forelgn
nities are, ollof them, New Yorkers Joseph
H Choate. \r rio Great Briain, Horace
Porcer, Ambassador to France, and Andrew DD
Wilt \mbassauer io Germany Mr ¢ jioate
aud Gen. Porter, waen in the United States, are
residenis of New York Cliw; Mr White is a resi
dent of Ithaca. One other New Yorker is a4
represeniauve of the American Government et
an imporwan Huropeau city in the affairs of
diplomacy, Constagtinople
Compared with New York. the
though represented ou thej list of Minisiers
have a smaller number, The American Am
be Jor ty Ruesia is from Pennsylvania, 1
Auibassador t+ Mexico is a resident of Arkansas
to lily a Massaeauseds man, cae Miniscer vo
Austrian from Indiana, vw China from Towa,
Brazil from Wiinois, to Spain from Ohio, to Den
mark from Minuewia, to Japon from Georuia
to Heleium= from Pennsylvania There is not
4 Virgioia man on the lis The number of
Massachusetts ir in the diplomadte service of
the United States has of late decreased

*

WARRYING IN GERMANY)

li

     

eress

wm ole

 

Awe

iba ssed

 

   

other States

  

 

 

Red Tape Americans Have to Go Through |

to Get the Knot
An
German Dirih went tk
wed (ne Woman of hisehoce The young couple
have the ceremouy performed
the unpleasant discovery was made that

fied tn That Country,

of South
Bavaria

unfortunate ettizen
a while ago, to

were all ready to
whe
the Bavarian authorities required certain proofs
that it Was proper for the marriage c

be made

Liract to
This necessity required the production
from the lnited States

of vareus documents

sid four months elapsed before the marriage
was permitted to take place

The dilemma of this couple bas moved Mr

Stern, cur commercial agent in the ciiy of Ham
bure give advice aud informatien
German citizens of this land who contemplate
warrying in the old country. This advice ap
pears in our Cousular Reports which, as a rule,
deal far more largely with commercial than
matrimouial interests. It appears that the laws
concerning the merriage of foreigners in Ger
many have recently been revised and more striu
went regulations are now ip force, as Germany
does not intend that any mistake shall be made
if she can help it

In the Arst place it must be proved that one
or both of the contracung parties are really for
eugners A certifleate of naturalization in a
foreign land must therefore be produced, as a
preliminary Phen autherities in the for
eign land must provide another certificate to
show that they huow of no just cause or impedi
ment why the marriage should not take place,
and this document must be verifled by the Ger
man Ambassador or a German Consul. One
or the other of these offlcials also must certify
tu @ certificate of birth which the applicant is re
quired to produce

If there is any consanguinity
couple, the sepnean! must produce proofs that
in his adopted country this relauonship forms
no impediment tothe marriage, and if he bas beev
previously married and has been divorced the
decree relating to the annulment of the marriage,
verified by a Consul, must be fortheoming

Perhaps an appropriate ude for these new
marriage laws would be: “Acts to prevent for
elgners from coming over to Germany to marcy
German girls and thus deplete the population
of this great Empire

MOLINEUX TRIAL AWENITIES,

we Some le

  
 

he
the

 

A Kansas Lawyer Tells a Story After Lis-
tening to One Day's Testimony.

“This Molineux case,” said a Kansas lawyer
who had spent a day at the trial, “reminds me of
a lawsuit io which I played a part once in our
State over the damage done to a heifer The
lawyers on the other side and on our side come
pretty nigh fighting every day foraweek. Finally
we went to the jury and they come pretty nigh
crippli one another and ponprned with the infor-
mation that they never could agree hen the

lawyers concluded to leave it to the Court. He
wes an honest old follow, but he said to our propo-
sition’

“No, gentlemen, ithas taken up the time of this
court to keep you lawyers from scrappin’, and I
haven't heard & word of the testimony, so lam rot
fit to arbitrate the case.’ And he ordered another
my to try the case. But before we got to trial the

tdgants got together, sold the heifer, got drunk
on ne PONY and left the lawyers with the bog
ol

Dakota, of |

between the

 

DOBLEY DUPED BY HIS WIFE

DINNER AS A PRELUDE
AND THINGS.

 

FRENOU
10 MILLINERY
How Mra, Dobley Lured Mim to the Freneh

Shops Where Were the Delicate Little
Beribboned Things Her Woman's Heart

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

     

  

 

      

 

  

 

  

'
| to stores where they have grinning dudes for |

salespeople "
“Ob, you couldn't exactly go alone,” said Mrs
Dobley fn some alarm. She realized that Mr
Dobley would be the most popular man tn New
York with the proprietors and saleswomen of
the shops they had just visited
“Why not’ said Mr Dobley
Ob, tt wouldn't Look just) ryght,
Dobley "You couldn't very well
yourself, could you?”

sald Mis
select things

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

  
 

 

 

   

'
|

HE WAS A REAL HOODUO,

yuh OMAN
PRILNDLY

mvp
“il

KNEW
wo

Wvweayvpou
WANTED LO

then the Car Rag
Tneomsinced, Ite

Wet Phreough

The Man Doubted and
On the Track
Stuek vo the Hoodoo ana

still

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

  

 

  

  

    

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

sweat Ob, - don't know,” said Mr Dobley Miter , . , Ne
Jestre dob LF ng Lured ' ’ ; a Chapter of Veciden A Believer we
Desired -And Dobley Liked Being L * today's tour [feel that PE could select outfits for .
Mrs Dobley appeared unexpectedly at the female seminaries, | knaw all about the plain Did youever run oer t hooded \ d
sfunia hand © ing to ge out Tbbed and the silk and lisle mixed Lam an au the man with the eucat i ' hot,’ he
olive just as her husband was preparing to x thority on the sudden hipped model and the Tong |) yont ou without waitin { P rhe
for luncheon waisted medium. You couldn't palm off ais Nh ORY RRO aey | WEI
“EL knew I'd just catelh youl she exelaimed > platn plated hooks on me and TE know that bab ret ‘8 OTe scare Your Have tho tpt a
ibbon is not exclusively for infants’ wear | i re 1

lghtediy * t thought I'd e surprising | ants) wea etime that you w hood but you
de " iedly l gat hougbt Pd enjoy surp BF don't see why youSbould bother about shoppiny in't At a ble party
you! Besides, Pim oso tired having luncheon” any more Mrs. Dobley twill relieve you of U e Whine ext y sod Fee po O PUrlye
home! Now Pwant you to take me toone of those annoying detail Woy, those saleswomen care MY pou run der " howe
funny places where you get all the queer things , 1? un acting for anything ‘Take that Titian ey you Will have n a

are c . ! haired peach }
by eat What?" said Mrs Dobley Os
T stippose you mean a French restaurant Phat demure looking blonde ysl in ce yglove In on tween ‘ i Chicago
j said Mr Dobley store,” said Mr Dobley. "She seemed to me te once iI never : : ile
at Ne ) \ havea beautiful disposition so kindly and wits sitting alone tl k nartment

Yes Where you can get suatls and mussels | where is the next place you wished to step, ms a ing alone in : i K ae :
and things they dou't have at \merican places, | dear of the sleeper When [enter in under <
and Cook coffee at the table and make salad dress Edon't think we will stop at any more places | to draw him: it OLN E t ' {

: oe ‘ today,” said Mrs Dobley, carelessis excep! in monosywh s but T persisted. tf ily he
ing | think it's lots of fun perhaps, the florist’s. [want a large bunel of ' eras ; ot 1

“Allright.” assented Mr Dobley, uever suspect selected double violets, such as you used to send | Tels ( Diinass teed hail ‘ tha tbly
ing his wife's deep laid plans. She knew that a) Me When We were engaged, and you mignt let | Was looking tor trout!

; \ Mim AX you up a bultonhole bouquet of some sort “'Cortainly wot,’ TP replied. ‘Is there ang
luncheon such as she bad briefly sketched wats ca "And then,” said Mr. Dobley, “where do we ge Hikkeltt ‘thee } Sih aan
Culated to put Mr. Dobley in first class humor; I aw just beginning to get in the spirit of tus | TRE . od Tha ™* ‘

a thin Suppose we ; "There is i you persist in talking to mee
When she might sugwest anything wild, from a! 1 Ui n
eg tae ; ” ct | Kime,” maid Mrs Bontey, with ume decision he auswered
music hall matinee to @ slumtitug wip in China j “Dinner will be about ready by that time, and ree ; tahla hot?’ Tasked
town, Dobley always walkedinto the (rap blidly, | the Van Ripers are coming But we have bad | Are you so unsociablo as all 5 k « ;
ily ' . . » - t ‘) t% ot mi t
although be had been worked in this way many | 4 \nveey Vane, raves Wei pedieali ht | 8 au : -
. : i aWeiy'’ said Mr Dobley, emphatically “lim vold, hard fate? he return ! § fain
thes before. But French luncheons prepared | going to tke Van Ripper tomorrow.” | ' is ay ; ' —s
| as they were at Bignon’s put lin iu a reckless | am sais #3 | Superstitions, b u ! an
i t t some t ne onkK.
mood, There wassomething about their Bourgut HOLYOKE'S GREAT DAM, a se rane he eal . i
gnouve sauce thatintoxicated him, he always said | SURE Ree even DY ie ‘
vlyt ust ¢ ‘ strike up f
So they secured @ pleasant table by a window Million Dollar Structure Across the Con- right, but just as rs ibe ' ‘dl
. “e t ‘ Ww i ”
from whieh they could see the afternoon throng | necticut Finished~Water for 50 Companies » HUH with some fellow pa eae
| begin t talit io tout of the wip
on the avenue and Mts, Dobley ordered Luncheon, HoLyoKR Mass, Jan 18 The Holyoke oor r 7 i I ! Mt :
’ ” , i rts of ai uy ng t i ' t i “

“Is such @ lovely day,” said Mrs. Dobley, | Water Power Company has just finished its new | 1 . oe yg } ; ' ; ’

h} 1% t yuton th ‘
nibbling at a caviar sandwich, “that it seems a | stone dam across the Connecticut River at a cost | a ! Y 2! | 1 1 nt

. ‘ Nonsense, suid,
shame for you to go back to the old offlee, Sup | of nearly $1,000,090. ‘This dam, with the possible | wy a re Rial t
CU en ‘ Tal wert & ‘ (
pose you telephone them you won't be back [ exception of the one at \ustin, Tex, is the largest | ‘and y vi Uter sl :
and you velter sheer off
we day ef the hind in the country The water power at | * }
“ ' \ ' Iwas just about to y °h nee’ aguia
And what do you propose’ asid Mr Dobley, | Holyoke is by far the largest in New bingland | when there wa oe vu t
rhe vere is it i ‘ ou
as he extracted a suatl delicately from its shell, | [surpasses that at Lowell and that at Lawrence |”, ciel t alt! tyebu
oro seats ! 1 ! yebumpe
His accents suggested an amiability that would | by (housands of torse powe The average total 5 | : ‘a \ ‘ ‘
: ump as the " \ ‘ we Liem
eousider the purchase ofa steam yachtor a tripte | head is OO feet Vhe drainage area of the Con 1" ni Fe
hurope pnecticut River above Holyoke is 5,000) square | were , ‘ j ; , whe
‘ i ; old you so, dt y.ash
“Oh, we'll think of something,” said Mrs. Dob | miles, while that of the Mercamack at Lowell is |, hed for his grit
| ; retuche ( gri
ley passing hima dish of stuffed olives of which | 1.000 square miles, and of the Hudson at Meecha: ae Wh . ' |
. e \ me you pone {
she houew be was particularly fond "Aren't y tesville 4,500 square miles. Appleton, Wis | i ng t t ash Cans
. j . | ih ROR ie ‘ ‘ i re
You going to smuke, dear | the Fox River, the rival of Holyoke in the West, as | ; , ) \
wy 1 te aiieu ‘ \«
Tt was an understood thing that when the Dob | & paper manufacturing centre, has a total ofits ‘ . a
' jab re
leys luneched at Bignon's, Dobley was to smoke | about 10,000 theoretical horse power r atl | ae "oY ' '
We dot ir t -
cigareties all through the repast. Mrs. Dobley | one third the developed power at Holyole t ' hint I
’ " ' rt ‘ all \ uw +,
said itmade herfeelas ifshe weren't) married The new dam has a clear overflow of Lage fect | ; : = ’
‘ ; aud ‘ )
“How itis,” asked Mr Dobley, “that we can't | Surveys were begun in Qisdl, the contract wa \ | i .
ove the i ng
have cooks who know how togive this delicate | signed in February, 1885, and the first stone was ,
‘ i}
flavor to a soup” laid in July of that yea ‘Lhe specitications fe { \ i nd it if you
1 8 i y¢
“We never can until we live tu Paris,” said Mrs the dam have been noted all over the country | dit 1 ‘ f tl *
vu t n y i t
Dobley "We shall sume day We will go to] the extra quality of Work required, and many | nith i hs t
; | 1 iy en abl
Paris and take an apariuieat and live just as they | engineers and contractors have asseted that while | y ' r that 1
it wan Gd
did in 'Trilby Ktinaght be very well te putsceb things en pape ] how
‘But until then sald blobley “hitust we ho contractor would furnish material exacuy | \\ { Yad
; WW ey ou ul
continue this lumdrum existence here ino New fulfiliing the requirements But the stone bas i i ' ‘
( \
York Colbe up te the requirements Some stone was 1 gel tit ! ' ‘
“Do you muow Whatl think would be great fun,” | alivostas smooth asa matbleslab  Whide itwas | ! \
enti
sugvesied Mrs. Dobles, insisting on the smaller | required that noe projection should exceed one inet ' , '
half of the cold lobster, as she knew Mr. Dobley | above the plane of the stove in the upstream face | : ae \ t oak
¥ aw Rt ‘
particulariy fave it with ‘Tartare sauce; “the | of the dam, instead of va e from | ‘ ' c
next thing to Paris, i New York is j Inches, as one might expe f the specifloations | ¢ :

: . ; : | were roughly interpreted, the extreme of projee | foundout, bow

What. ms dear’ asked Mr. Dobley with some } tion isexactly Linch, Sighting along te su Hive miles ft "
alerim face shows It to be nearly as regular as ina tine |, decided tog f i
“The Frepel shops on Fifth avenue!” said Mrs building Of course, the nicety of workmanship |

: : : . 7 jis due primarily to close interpretation of dhe con | Ubive us to
Dubley, sipping an absinthe frappe with the air } tract and te cave in inspeetion, yet the workman "We tound the fa rand: m him
of an habituc shipin the quarties cau be seen by the fact thatout | to make the t 'f) | 4

"Ob"said Mr Dobley. lve never heard of then of a total of 1,600 pieces of stone received only Lu 4) ' )

\ lala el Were Mhails rejected \s each car Was unloaded twilight had ‘a a ‘

Nol said Mrs Dubley, regretfully, “because | ihe stone Was inspected, and every sione tried | a pretty 1 road to tras t
you only see the bills from the big department > with a templet, aud some not exactiy up to ihe anything \
stores where [ have to trade, and where any one | fequirements were marked for recutting t ae
See baie ih alte . } The following is a statement of the quantities | Welling tort
¢an go and buy the same thing : | of material in the completed dam “The rig that the fa rh \ "6

. )
Who has the price’ putin Mr. Dobley | 4.600 cubic yards, ruoble stone masonry Was @ two-seated alla { \
But bnever feel that lean quite alord w buy | Tazcenbic yards, granite dimension masonry in | seat, Tho road Was rochy a hi
a ae tine . ‘ i> upper course of (am NInces, 1 in others there '
atthe Freueh shops, foi, of Course, everything is *ouUU cHbi rds, gMenite dimension masonry in i p sand, We hid reason tu ‘
imported and hand made and high-priced! But, | face of dam | this before we were through with ;
2,500 cutie yard it granite masonry i uf ae ft i fies,
oh, they have the loveltest——-" here Mes, Dobley | go! OO cubte yards, split granite masonry ip back j Went along for perhais tw W
leaned across the table and whispered couflden 2.400 cuble wards, @tanite dimension masonry tn | mene nee A ae nl ae \ ha

I ote iu nid ui TTI , abutments av wing walls } parion to give him @ pleara ttle or +
tially wo her hiteband You simply can't get 16,156 squace feet, tne six-cut hammered work ou \ ho foo business when we r |
them auywhere else Sud you go around in topof dam movk of some kind and at t
those litte shops and sce the things, and you can Liu square feet, fine six-out hammered work on | Ineut something + 1 tl |

. top of waste dan | they made @ jump forward Her
quite Imagine thal you are in Pans. Mrs, Van); 1500 9 feet, factug of dam, rough pointed my sensations as that seat, wi
Kipper gota lovof things, and she showed them to 8.700 square feet, luner facing of abutments aud | tachable one, slipped its moorines an ry
tan ' 4 » be i Wigs ti do over backward w
me yesterday when Lealled. Some beautiful OOO square feet, top abutments and steps | Sintatred Whdlvatile ammy air und tt
Mrs Dobley whispered oiice mi graniie was furnished by the National | on the backs ofourhecks t! '
Heally’ said Mrs. Doubles Granite Company of New York, whose quarvy was | you it was lucky Qiere was .
i ' situated on Leadbetter’s Islaud, near New Haver still, [wasd i a and th
es - polkaed 1 silk \ F \ . ‘ '

) PUSS GUE ™"s \ CANN Bee Vie but in 1697 the contract was sublet to the | thing L realized was thatthe Ww
Wen exeepl iy ose stop Pb tel you what we) Fiynt Granite aud Construction Company of | bearing in the darks t
might uc We could go around and look at sem Monson, Mass The contract for the entire work | totally uncone
of ihe thiles We deed Dot buy auy uldess we Was piven to the Fruin-Barnbrick Construction | out later that, after bel
wan 1 Live are afew dit digs bmusy ) Company, and Henry S. Hopkins of St. Lous | h Went on singing ! a
Bel have youany money with vou butin November, IS8, Was transferred Arthur | hh inaiatic ;

Some, said Mr. Dubley; bur Dhave my check MeoMullen of New York | [told yous " | ‘
boul any was | For couveying the material to the dam there | from my side, aud I tus (

Ol, that will be perfectiy: lovely Selaimed | Was suspended directly over the work ou a line | Panton sit og on th t i -
Irs. Doblew, radians birst We'll goto Mn with the dam. a twoineh cable A frame wwe ID to disentangle biths : ' ee at
Pittemi's lw You to help me select a pairof ) was butlton each side of the river, the one on the | Nohsche J ret ie OF f 68
th vew Fiecen corsets. bean'timake up amy | Holyoke side 120 feet bigh, aud the one on the | things thatare likely to hap > Kn
Muahd Which patios bo tae other side of the river 100 feet high The cable There's toh i ;

Will it be qua giitfor me to gu alone” sug passed over shears at the top of the towers, | Um wai athick boy 4
gested Mr bey "Coulda th wait outside and | and was anchored to the solid rock ateach end |, Lend oul he sa we bOU n 4 r
have tien ll Samples, you know Phe total distance between anchorages Was 2.200 | feet and threw the wre seat it €

Oh, plenty of aren godn there,” sad Mis, Dob | feet, and the span between towers was 1615 fect, | toone side of thet ; 7

‘ HesidesiUs the Freuehiestof all the Preneg Phe cable whieh was desigued for a safe load of | res Iyved tr meet a : ;
shops’ Lwouldi have Soumussittorthe w , six or seven tons was the largest for its strengty | bedtes! farmhouse '

Mr. Dobley peid the bill, and complimedted the in tie world \ fifty horsepower engine ino the | Obebed in response t hi
Walter on the exeellenee of everything ‘Then he > Holyoke tower furnished power with two drunis bath WoInAnLY V eeNCia bt ’
and Mes. Dobley Wentouttoa hansomcablookig | ene of which wound the carriage along the cable | ' Ree a eee ee si
se ogay that a bald headed in bY the window | and tue other hoisted and lowered j Ait en heat up fy °
said Phese provy ty pewsit have the most The care with which the entire w was done Wet wr t :
lusurious lupcheous of auy people in New York can be seen from the facet that the cement was " eet a

fhe corset shop was a bewildering place to visi selected by Conpellive teats There were . 5 ’
It wa n do perfumy, and filed with taseiiat V4 samples 5 Vinieri an, 4} Enelist 5 : ' i : ‘
hia Was Indies d ATOR tewb@ee with small! German 2 Helvian and 1 Vurkish \: rl vi} a i \
waists and a notceable lack of limb Hut M Vinerivan brand was selected) The engincers of | from he ut foo Vert ! is ure a ‘
Dobley, fortified by his Presel luneheou, entered | the Holyoke Water Power Company having the | 1 Me eu hot cu Ww 4
almost biithels The saleswomen looked after | Work incharge were Edward. Walters, Pron ! wh wee Se antin. f 1 }
him admiring!) They were aecustomed to moa atid bydraule engineer, James M Stekman is 4 ; yu ey we n ; i \ ma by
who sneaked in sheepishly to make purchases neer in charge of construcuon, Robert Rau ha h ind the th ig Path tes

nit hooks around. Mn Fittom grected | td Wo Sawin, assistant engineer ee ith ne ; a ene ;
Dobley like an old faeud Fifty corporauonus take water from the eom | #be Chen pat SB :
it to sec Some uf Uiose new Patis girdles pany, all but 1Oof whieh use it 24 hours | OL? ! “ :
lattes; “DT want to order some, but Dean’, |) ln the day Ihe first dam across the Connectiout | a .
quite decide of the patterts River was finishea in the fallof 1bI% The ¢ , , > b

Do you mean the egbtecn dollar ones’ asked | were closed and the mill pond filled. but before |
Miice Pitter he water reached the crest of the dam the entire | ; : _

The black brocade with Violets and pansies | Suuccure wave way and t ippled over Phe fas Ne hay } b
and rosebuds. Which do you think TP ought te JS supposed to have been due to building the | . '
have, Mr Dobley’ stream face with too steep a slope The next aera

Violets, of pansies, letme see? said Mr Dob. | yearia second wooden dam, whieh still remain ‘ ;
lev Mhisis rather nice, don’t you think se” was built, ‘Thisis 1.020 feet long, and thirty feet * ore ;

hie Was gaviug gdminngly ata beautiful was noheght During he time of service itt has had ce ‘ m fs
brunette clasped ina gong ris Taey reationt no serie us breaks Phe new dam is presumably | - and @ : miat + ;
endiig in a ruffle and a marble pedestal ti built for all time | s \ \
mermaid from es marble yard _ oo a ee | did pot : , -

Phase have ihe real lace edge and se WORK ON THE CASCADE TUNNED, | panior
gold clasps id Mme. Fittem; “they are really - f } “She said, ‘I tr {
yHeotthe fiuest pairseveor mad ; s r t
; Oh. Lam sure they are tove Xp ve," said Mra Pratos Will be Running Through the Moun- | n te i i 2

f i i 3 4 e said \ ' \
Dobloy; “hese simple cightecu dollar ones are all tain By the End of 1900, Chad) 9 | } fa
Lean afford’ ne } ‘ ; t f t
hG Dobley waved at the pansy broceades wit rhe Cascade tunnel of the Great Northern, i r ”
le) ? ‘ ahioss 4 i | ike

a seorn bred of Freneh cookery "These lool | One of the great railroad tunnels of the west, is 0) | : ent 4 i
positively mean besides tt 4a he said, decisively rapidly nearing completion. The tunnel will | terrupt \ y ’
a But th He an  teally fine for ordinary use,” | pe y sfeetin length, and its cost will es ' eee ! ! a

‘ » ey | ule ind t

’Why nothave both?’ said Mr. Dobley as thongh | ceed $3,000,000, I ’ bay ce le
the idea nee muddeny or wugred to “7 as indeed This tunnel has been exeavated at a pout s

¥ ) r “ ¥ CALE ‘ “Aa wad t to 1 mos
DP este eid re thane e indicated | where the Cascade range is the highest, and | one nw ' !
t , 1 v i i tle

“4 pair to order like those would be 860." said | the distance from the roof ofthe tunnel to the | poy. any i
age, 7 item, tul ‘Mra. Bool ! pinnacle of the mountain through which it) wakit Ast ' t \

“They are beautiful,” said Mrs Dobles \ . » 20) feat , Pontractors ave | Dight bam at ! ! ! -

“Both pair” said Mr. Dobley taking out his runs |p 2, rey The ane ear have | pened that 9 hn ‘
pocket book broken all records for tunnelling, Work was) gidyt I '

“And a box of assoried silk lacings’” sad Mrs. | begun in January, I807, and by Oct. Lneat the | suggest hat ty
Dobley with @ cheerful smile Geod morning, | tunnel will be turned over to the Grent North to rain wehady
Mme. Fittem good morning : : ; Wa w \

As the Dobleys made their exit, the expres | ern fully completed, Tt will take about thirty and wed ed et
siva of the saleswome, bad changed from mere) daystolay the track and get trains running | line tow ’ !
admiration to hero worship. Mrs. Dobley rustled | after the tunnel is finished ) We could ' y
her skirts ostentatiously, something as a ben ’ ; s 1 aloo | w
chucks its pride in its chickens. She felt prouder The contractors are how Working two camps, | rine
of Mr Dobley at (hat moment than if sie bad | one at each end. Wellington ia the western | Vim
seen him preseuted with # medal "And now.” | end and Cascade the eastern, On dan. tthe | ton town, anit :

| she said, “te the bostery ahop” L , foreed

Certainly said Mr Dobles with | Hos tunnelling had progressed d dM) feet on the | “We rv, Wea ‘ !
debonair manner, “Do you know | can never Wellington end and 4,400 feet on the Caseade | to ask when the
imagine why a a td to go ~ pring | end. This leaves 5.25% feet yet to be von to fee Ot Ae '
with their wives? would rather seleet hosiery ' es we . at at wt m '
than play poker any time. Do you have tw try ‘em | 2S ed, Seven hundred and fifty men in all are | qneworod 1} tit
op’ Don't mind me. you Know After that | employed, and are driving about ten feet a day | agedenrovertl j
a ih place I a Or ame guy shine: jon each end. The men are worked in three |. attet hee u ‘

vertainly 0 ‘ ) ble “ ay » . Il, * ‘ "
only have samples ol. thave "poceen wer | shifts of eight hours each, and fourteen drills att t I
Limb suggesied Mr Dobley ! are employed by each crew, The tunne) will | rain and doy i
Blacks 1 was going t say,” said Mra Dob | bi etre "hoot 9 td thee ioe Fiona ot Pe nen =
“ne de aie cit ahh ta : high and 20 feet wide he drilling is being | pot. DT said to ait
by! ud you order adozen ofthis kind or a} soilowed up by the concrete Word, 46. that (con! ath ahicie ehh

z > 7 shortly after the tunnel i6 out this portion of | joaye this town | will t
es a cheval’ Dobley; “you don't get) the work will be finished. Seventy men are | And vou W )
abies it is,” said Mr ’ bley; “You see thos employed in each shift todo the tunnelling, | Chicago: h sPhod
dark hue with amall white dots those are like | {bout one hun ired and Mty are employed at | Twillnot bai
Mrs VanRippers--only th 'P Navue I | the conerete work and about fifty engineers | 'Ttell yore}

ts Or AGE bine 1 th ree doilars a pair am | and helpers are engaged, , y didn't KUL hin ae .
eetNhd those ‘Black ventilated kind” aatd Mr. | tOO URE Nona hich beat Mor weeeatrent | Cigar “a though Lm pods |
Dobley, “they look rathergidds?” Mr. | from this tunnel, which beats tho world’a tune | whether he woah
ne ina rA hes giddy Dobjew, | Rel artvin record, made at Stampede, on the | wheriert! uch is } '
“ , 0 five H aor explained Mrs. Dobiey; Northern Pacific, by two feet. Tha best week's Ido know that atter | '
‘hove ae oahicate cane ; | work waa seventy-aix feet, which also ia tha | tc hioouo w iW
sake een ie ae seid Mr Dobley “we must! record, The rock in the Cascade tunnel Is un- |
keep ab ve the Van Ripper standards usually hard aud uniform throughout the en-

nd they have glovea here too!” said Mrs. | tire length of the tunnel, which waa pot the Women Prightened by ia rive

Dobiey," the real French gloves just the sort case at Mtampede, muen soft rock being en-
ou =< the--the Moulin Rouge I think it countered, ao that when thia feature is eonald-
18 Cane = ered, the construction work on the Caseade | \rrasi ( I)

You ean the Jardin Mabille’” corrected | ty nel has been a wonderful achievemen’ | oneof the inrge ’
Mr. Dobley c ar , When the tunnel jaturned over to the Great inthe Japanese |

Nowe Palais Royale—that's it! Fxactly | Northern the care will be operated through it | on | wavitat !
the pony oves We must getsome of those by electricity or some smokeless device that | por tir

Mr. Dobley insisted on adding to these pur- an yet he adapted to the work. President, school, The apnes
chases & box of embroidered handkerchiefs and | Hi hae found nothing that appeara to offer | cansad the gent
a dresstngcoat with lace butterflies inserted over | more dealrable service than an eectrie motor, | lasies Who were 4 '

{te surface. A blonde salegwoman with blue awitchback road whioh climbs and | nearthe steel pieoran!
eyes insisted that it wasjustofithe French steamer crosseathe Cascade mountains near the new | thint ime the erane h weed
end Mr. Dobley wanted two, but there was only tunnel, will give piace to the new and short | Japanesean lth ys
ong inthe sho route via thetunnel by the end of 11) | after the
. roe French phone are positively, the moet . ae oe boys, Theerin tire
cha fabtioetioe ave evor {n!” he aatd, > wn . lalong the hench aa fn
enthuslaa cally. “They seem #o appreciative | HOTEL AND ROARDING HOUSE nue, and bird and men
when people buy a few litle things. Haven't | Accommodations of a dosirabie character may | by hu daofhonrdwa'k t >
you 6 Tew more on the list? The next time 1 go) bo found by & reference to Jae SUN's adver | cran: » flnally cag Liaiter @ wuas
out to get you @ present you won't catch me golng | tleipg columam AwWvar7z chase,
»