—

|
j
'

     
     
    
  
   
   
     
  
   
  
  
    
      
     
   
   
   
   
   
 

CALIFORNIA'S NEW BOOM,

INCREASE IN THE PRODUC
ob OF RIECENTDS,

GRrAL

TION

the Cheap Buel

The OF Supplies dust
Kailroads

Needed by the Factories and
of the State
ing Vortunes in the Oil Plelds,

lem ANGELES, Cal, 12 ~The financin!
booms of California are proverbial, Sinee the
dass of 148i and 1550, whens rly 800,000 men
@ailed over sea, crossed the Tstlimus, and toiled
over the Western mountains and plains to the
new gold diggings on the PacMe shore, Cal
fornia has been a peculiarly favored region for
Aeting rmeh by short cuts The ¢ alifomia
Millionaire, who has been away up and far down
in the scale of riches, is a world-known type
The quicksilver boom in centra) California ia
1857 and LASS uumade and then quickly
made again several big fortunes ‘The Washoe
gold and silver excitement at Virginia City in
1859 and 1860 followed, and stirred the whole
population of the State, except the Mexicans
and the easy-going Spayish Nine years later
when the Pacitie railroads were finished to the
Golden Gate, a teal es'ate boom sprang up all
about San Franciseo Bay. and tens of thousands
of people invested on margins in town lots and
acreage property. Close upon this came the
Comstock mining stock speculation, without
doubt the most remarkable for the number of
Eleven years later, upon the
buil ing of the Atchison, ‘Topeka and Santa
Fe Railroad system to Los Angeles came the
real estate boem of southern California and the
San Joaquin Valley Communitiesof 200 people
became towns of 2,000 and 8,000 population ina
yearand a hall, and in 1557 bad real estate trans
actions aggregating &600,000 and $700,000.) In
addition during the last twenty years there have
been in this State a dozen more restricted and
less exciting beoms in raisins, hops, ranges
and olives, and there is a biennial boom in some
newly-found mining field And now California
has an oil boom

Said ex Senatog James Bo Roberts of Santa
Monica, in speaking of the expansion of the oil
producing area of Califormia: “L have no doubt
that all the scenes of flush times which were
characterisuc of the famous oil excitement in
Pennsylvania and eastern Ohioin 1867 and 1865
will be re-enacted here California. LT know
personally eleven men who were in comparative
poverty three years or so age and who now have
monthly incomes varying from $4,000 to 89,000
They made it all from vil

The capital put into petroleum) development
in California is estimated at $9,500,000. Of
this sum about half has been invested during
the past year. All the steck in four cil com
panies which will operate in Orange county aud

Made
Jan

made

the speculators

iu

which were each capitalized at $150,000) was
solid last weck at Buffalo, Bradford, and Titus
ville, Pa, and at Dunkirk, N. ¥ Dozens of

men have gone out selling oil company stock
and all report thatitis the easiest sort of security
to sell mpanies are incorporated
by the score daily Hundreds of men who learned
the methodsof drilling for petrolum in Pennsy!
vania, Ohiv and Indiana have been brought to
this State and are employed on new oil
All the deal
tion are rushed with orders from this region
hears talk of new oil wells and new oil fields every
where. The brakeman on the cars tells) you
between stations how one of his cronies wase
fing $50 a month at railroading a year ago, and
is now the ownerof an oil well that yields daily
thirty barreisofoilat$l 25a barrel. The waitress
in the restaurant asks, while she arranges the
table for your meal, “How is oil today’ The
elevator boy tells you how he just yearns for a
little cash to buy stock in some newly organized
company. The merchant can tell you by the
half-hour of mountainous wild land which he
might have bought for a few dollars an acre two
years ago, and which now produces oil te the
amount of £1,000 and $2,000 an acre each month
In the foothills near Fullerton is sit acres of land
which was bought at a tax salein January, 1804
for 818. The Santa Fe Railroad Company pai
$17,000 for the property a month age, and has
oil-well drillers now at work there

The rapid deveiopment of petroleum production
in California is shown by the fact that in 1803
the total production of crude oil in this State was
303,400 barrels, valued at §$854.000. In 1898
it was 2,240,058 barrels, valued at $2,376,450
In the last vear the sield of oil in California was
between 4,300,000 and 4.500.000 barrels, worth
het ween $5,460,000 and $6,100,000, Wiere there
were only 124 active oil wells in the State in 1890

 

ew oil «

wells

  
 

rs in machinery used in oil produ:
One

 

 

there are more than 2,300 now. In the last
twelve months about 1.200 new oil wells were

drilled The greatest advance in the production
of crude oil was in Kerncounty In San Joaquin
Vatiey four wells were bored that vielded more
than 400 barrels a day, while one of them yielded
1,000 barrels a day, and has now
to be a steady producer of 760 barrels every day
fn the week. ‘The average daily production of
all of California's oi! wells is estimated at 12,000
barrels. tis nota wild guess to say thata year
hence the daily production will be upward of
25.000 barrels

Some of the stores one hears in California
@bout the jumps that owners of oil wells have
made into the lap of wealth areinteresting. Vive
years ago ©. B. Cantield of Los Angeles was a
G@tationary engineer in a mine at Randsburg
He became interesied as 4 laborer in drilling for
oil in the Westle and
with a partner named Joseph Chansior who

was a boyish grocery clerk in Los Angeles, began
sinking wells on wild land. ihey have shown
extraordinary luck or sagaciy. They have
recently contracted tosell to the Southern Pacith

seitled down

ke region of Los Angeles

 

 

Railroad Company every month for two years
100,000 barrels of crude oil trom the Canfield
and Chanslor wells at 81 Ua barrel. They have

refused three offers of SHO0.000 for their two bie
g@ushers at Coalinger, Where they get S00 barreis
of oi! daiy

In 1496 Samuel Wo Beel was a drummer fora
factors at Cleveland. © He had been an oil
driller at Pitusville, Pens tHe was driving with
his sample irunks from Bakerstield, Cal, to a
neighboring setilement, when be neard the driver
tell how crude oil oozed trom the ground a few

miles away ta the foothills He went to see the
Bpot the next morning, threw up his job, and got
$2,000 with which togo into oll production. His
oil Company pays him a# salary of 880,000 4 vear
and also pays monthly dividends of 81 a month
on each share of stock. The original cost of
each of the 10,000 shates was 10 cents Mr
Bell has 6.500 shares to his credit Besides, he
sold for £230,000 last) November 700 acres of

rospective oil e xducing land for which he paid

12,000 a year before

Wesley W. Porter, who was a ranch laborer
at $35 a month in Kern county in 1485, saw evi
dences of the presence of oil in a foothill eauyon
Me got an option on seven acres there for $0,
and later bought the property with his savings

He gota Sank canciseo man to pay forthe boring

of an oil well That was in June. set For
mote than fourteen months the well bas pr

duced an average of thirty three barreis af oil
a day Porter sold the well and the adjacent

Vand for $145,000. He invested 860.000 0 mouth
laier in other prospective oil Helds, sank five more
wells, and has since sold two wells for $40,000

 

each Now he has a contract ty furnish every
month 20,000 barrels of oil at $1.20 @ barrel to
the Atchison, Topeka aud Sania Fe Railroad

Herecently t stifledin a lawsuitin Fresnoe nty
that be had made about $425,000 from BOO in tw
years ante halt

 

 
 

   

  

 
    

    

 
  

The lance area petroleum producting land

fu California is ler of Surprise to investiga
tors Who have cone ty the coast from the
States he deposits bitumen and
iw California id Dr Lyman Gardner
United Sta Ceolygieal Survey recerels ay
heen only pricked into. The evelopment of crude
feet ata tia bit iat wilt will Mieid at
e@ot 00,000 a a er 1 few ‘ar
More pass sToomin this State for severa
Shousand more active oil wells and when the
airata of the asphalt rock at dept! of TWO avd
1,000 feet are underst there will be mans
@ushers yielding 1,000 bartels of ol every das

Ninety-five em ‘ ! the peirstedia ur
duced in the ¢ nia ol fields te not suitable
for retining of working into dluminating fluids
Phe Caliiornia ¥; that 4 e base
ts ' is petroeun with «a paraffine
Yas Is Pretueed ip ‘nnsvl in, @
antl ¢ f
int \ St» Mine ris
wm California, believes When wells on the
upper part of Sa ! j Vo Are sunk n
than be e }

arrafline base may he f
‘vente, Cal, have ama
Barrels of helt base ul
Contract with the Standard Onl ¢

oe eum wot
Phe oil wells in
» yielkiofab ue DS ce
sis refined under
mpany for illu

  

 
  

 

 

MIAN purposes PWo Weeks agoa well which
Sields 40 barrels a day was bored at Fillmore
@nd this is said by experts from Pittshure to be
thet lye ind in California tor refining

' how r dilesira > petroleum product
oO this Statersforibum coils isa godsend
@ ail t'ai i t ! bury ios un
er | row toe me that Xe tt ns fir
fame be ive on ihe cifle eoost the cry has been
tia eRe o wo lack « war el, manu
facturing eoukl ver be noenlished im eonpe
Chiou wit Lasteru faciories, ‘The reddroad com

ve”

  

Little of Lt Good for Light

  

panies have said, “Give us cheap coal, such as
the Basiern railroads have, aud we con give you
Californians lower transportation rates So
} the people of the Paeifie const have for fllty year
been almost wholly consumers Bastern factony |
preaduet AU over the coast stoeks of gener
) Merchandise contain te day lees thar per cent
| of produetsimade on this coast Now, the develop
tent of crude oil is fas, alveruag these ndivion
It isesiimated that four bartels petroleum
tain about the same number of heat units as one |
ton of coal Po supplant 00,000 tons of coal
| abouthallf the imported quantity, 6,600,000 barrels
of oil would be needed annually, an amount

considerably in excess of the present Siate produc
toon Uponsnelia basis there is bitde likelihood

       

 
 

 

   

 

 

   

 

 
   
 

     

j of over produetion in the meer future
Concerning the valce oof petr leum as

{ the following is cited: The Atehison
end Sante Pe Reiiroad Company recently mode

| wm long series of tests of crude cil as fuel oar doe

} Inotives Theve results are uw the |

| reports of the compens Number «of n . !
per ten of coal, 267 sumber of miles run per
fonoof ail S848 By thas it was dem rated

} thats train could he run 12.30 miles further on
one tenet ofl than en ene ton of coal, sowie

jan efficient power nearly 50 per cent greater

) for oll than for eool In the metter cust the
adventages were also on the side Take
forinstance, the present price of cil, SL barrel
as compered with com at 87.25 a ton, thet pemag
ebout the rairowd price for it Six barrels of
oil at forty two gallons to the barrel, and eight
pounds toe the pallon areequal to NH per nus
ersay one ton of oil, making stat Siva
barrel, $6.00 a ton, as against 87.25 a ten for
coal Butas a train can be run on ene ton of oil

12.89 miles further than on one ton of coal the eost
of of mile for mile with coal is brought down to

  

84.58 aton. The results of these testa were suf
ficient for the Santa Fe company, and es a cen
sequence ofl iS used for fuel on all its lines
in Southern California, its consumption be
ing almost 2.000 harrels oa day Suu

ilar tests made by other raiulr ad companies ¢
manufacturing firms have been aductve of
equally satisfaetory results

The Coliforins beet sugar facvories, the largest
in the world, have aleret their furneces. and
steam boilers at an expense of thousands of dol
lars, and have used during the recent sugar nak

  

 

 

    

  

ing season more than 400000 barrels of ccude
ou for fuel At present San Franciseo alone
consumes more than 100,000) barrels a month
This figure itis estimated, will be doubled when
the benefits from the use of petrieum are fully
realized and the resultant increase in manufacture
comes. The Southern Pacifle Railroad Com

 

ppany is consuming 80,000 barrels a moa |

There are other uses than as a fuel for crude
oil in California. Thousands of barrels of oil
were used for road sprinkling Just) summer
While the principal merit asserted for sprinkung
vetroteum On reads is that of ellaying dust, it
hae heen found thatits apptication to the surface
has been a great preservative of the road bed
itself, County and road supervisors in the south
en part of the State have expressed the belief
that this new application of petroleum: las toa
large extent solved the problems of building mac
adam roadways at a minimum of cost. Maay
miles of roadsin Los Angeles and San Bernardin
countries have already been treated in this mat
her with pronounced success.

The oil well craze that has taken 4
of Los Angeles people has been a serious
to the growth of the choicest residence districts
The City Cougeil has made laws designed ¢
resirict the drilling in the Westiake Pa
inet of the city. But if these laws are de
void and a syudieate of cil capil
testing them ia the California Supreme ¢

ISSEOSSPON

mienar

  

lists are con
urt

    

many of the finest residences: in Angel
will be roined by their proximity te oil well
The 740 oil wells in the heart (of Los Angeles

home district produced 800,000 barrels last year

 
  

 
   

and the search for more oil territory there is xg

ingon Vacant lots by the side of houses that
cost $15,000 and 820,000 are ceeupied by two
and three oil deracks, Here and there in West
lake Park are derricks and pumping planis that
have been set up on lawns and within a vard

two oof handsome suburban homes Where
shrubbery and bine wrass two rears ago made
the scene beautiful are new oil pipes and
tanks and a miscellaneous tot cf irom junk and

heaps of ditty oil barrels

Up to this season the Los Angeles oil field was
the greatest producer in the Stat Now
Coalinger district, where the gushers have heer
struck, is fast becoming one of the best known
in the l nm The Los Anieles field
ducing nearly 80,000 barrels a monih  ¢
produces 106.000 barrels monthls The oil ranges
from 12 to 16 degrees HKeaume Many compe
nies of strong financial backing are on the ground

 

the

is pr

valinger

 

 

 

 

 

  

and their development we has been done ina
proper and systematic way. The local demand
far exceeds the product, for the manufacturers
{ the city are coming to use m { the petrol
eum product as fuel for power production
Santa Paula in Ventura county and Puente
in Los Angeles county are the oldest oil fields
in the State Ther have been operated +t
limited degree for fifteen or twenty years
until the discovery of oil in Los Angeles
an excellent market for their oil, prices ra
as bigh as $250 4 barrel The product

Puente wells is sent to the Chine beet sugar fav
tory in pipes and that of Santa Paula is sent
by ship or rail to San Francises or used by the
Southern Pacifie Railroad

The Coalinger field in Fresno county
most productive field in the State, in the amount
of oil produced per well Larger and more
den fortunes have heen mado there than else
where in California in the last two years This
fleld is near the mountains of the San dom
Valley, about ten miles from the Southern Pacific
Railway, It was opened two vears ago The
first wells were drilled pretty far up the mour
tain, and struck ofl ata depth of from 600 te Son
feet, and average from 24 to BO barrels a well

is the

sud
,

ua

 

   

a day. Another lot of wells was sunk farther
down the anticline, where was found at abu
1000 feet These wells at first produced Too
barrels a day, and after sixteen months are pe
ducing from 500 te TOO barrels \ new line of

wells is now being drilled still farther down int
the anticline. where it) is expected the drills will
have to go 1,500 to 1800 feet but itis thought

thata very lange flow of oil will be struck There

 

 

ire eighteen wells in the field. and the product
Is sent to the railroad by pine hnes
The Fullerton and Whittier wells in Orange
county are situated onthe south side of the Puer
Hills, not far from the Puente wells. and near
the towns named In the Fullerton fields sor
excelient wells have been drilled) the largest
ducer having lately been opened by the Santa
Pe Kadroad For a time tt gushed nearly 1000

barrels a day and is still a wonde

This fleld contains twenty wells
all of ihe production, 2500 barrels is taken bs
the Santa Fe Whittier has twenty wells. th
yroduction of whieh is 15.000) barrels a mon
tis shipped to southern California points

The Summerland field ts located on the beach
at the village of that name afew miles from Santa
Barbara. There are 125 wells

rful producer
and nearly

  
  

    

peration

 

 

   

Some of these wells are outin t! CCAD AL Some
distance from the shore and in this “t oar
unigue. The wells are 400 feet in th, the
production being 12.000 barrels a month, Piers
have been run out inte the ocean | from the
several productive wells have been sunk int
the very bed of the Pacifi How far out tia
ail stravum runs has 1 yet been ¢ rr
but the fleld is proving a lucrative one tot
panies at work there

TRUSTED BY WHITE WEN,

A Negro's Long Record of Bid vous Col-

 
 

 

lector for a Meniphis Bank,
From the W !
The Northerner wi § forever harping x

the manner in wt ti ver hopl claw
the Meh} open Ms wo '
MANY cases ib Which? rr ty thful
in thetr services for piany years tet remplove
and, as a reward, hold positions of tr and are
esteemed as honest as any man by the white pes

ple who know them. They are not puton a social
equality with white people, but their station
life is far above that whieh the Northerner sets
as the rank of the negro in the South

\ fair lustration of this is to be had in the case
of Prince \. Danuel, who for twenty six year has
been in the employ of the First National Bank
of this city Danuel secured a position with the

 

 

 

bank in 187 as porter, aud, after proving his
eficioney and integrity. was given the work of
colle ung tod Never in all the tne of bis sers
fee has he ever fatled aveannt f ery centaf
Theney itristed ter hi » COolleeions nl
Ways ade accurately i, he vello mals
his first mistake in a money trar
In executing tis duties at the bank va i

of mouey are handled by tim, and ile hey is as
safe in bis hands as is the meat uathe care of a

butcher's dog
So wellis Danue

WeTs

  

sought of by hi

 

  

 

 

     

that not long ag ele trip tothe
North, his ratiroad fare and ail trave ing oo
pe tre iw ton ened « er large
mies heing defrayed by ¢ han Mec W
} Schulte, President ofthe bank, gave him a ietier
, oo ntroducn ‘ihe ba
went ¢ ’ eter made him a we me
Woeres “ tiew ber sk
! \ hie? wea ayer '
Fats tin ‘ rh: halnie? ss that ee
| outof *eiion ’
Danuel’s face has tor ion i « fanitibar

in Memphis, as for foriy years this has been his
) home. His first situation was vears a “

' ‘

Mississipp) ant Aten S
| ‘This ¢ Mpany operated a line o
| tween New Cirlees

      

Vound a Big M

 

I

   
  

   

 

 

 

' i a Can i vr rm, or i

! Waco, Tex, Jan. Rowers COW.
hoy, who has recentl 1 New Mexico
brought baek with him mummifled bar!
much largerthan the spec cormmonty ss
fitting aroun! bulldings cerupying dark
recesses in Texas The bat, although +
much will time, measures 1 inehe

om tip to tlie ont t

Bary pothis noser }
of hi r gars r
port , ne toes that would enal
hitn to ge Astick an ineh in dianete VV

| Kogers was ex ring anong tt d ruinse
the dwellings Poobio Indians, and, enteriny
& shallow grotto, he fownd the bat ona ledge.”

Senin
| tina nie aan,

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.

 
  
  
 

THE GROUSE OF WISCONSIN,

1 POISE GAME BIRD THAT TESTS
tut HUNTIRS suid.
One Weakness That Causes Many to Pall

   

 

Drumming Courtship of the Male -Win-
ter Grouse Shooting With a Sorall Calle
ber KRithe and the Supper That Follows,

 

Powrpviner, Wis, dan 12 The greatest of
\mencan fowls isthe turkey, but the great
estoof Northwestern wooed fowls is the grouse,

Hea g lly the partdidge, and nusvamed in
Wisconsin the pheasant, though itis as much like
a pleas a gaine chicken is like @ crow
WI rtherr local name, however, the birds are
re hfe in babits, iu vamencss, swiftness,
strength and cunning and superroyal on the
table Por tive years they have been protected

rhthus State by @ rigid law rigidly enforced, and

they have multiplied excecdingly. The inhibi-
tion was removed, according to the understanding
of those interested, on Jam lof this year, Con

sequenily there has been @ great amount of shoot
Nobody ty be exactly clear as to
Whether or not perinission to slay crouse began in
dan Loris to begin at the opening of the shooting
Determined, however, not to lose

wens

ing

season in 100

anything, inost folks who own guns have been
using them ‘There is only one warden to each
Wisconsin county; he cannot be expected to cover

a wooded territory from thirty to forty miles
square, and at the seme time watch all of its
streams fer fish poachers. Morcover, he likes
shooung and roast grouse himself, So it has

come to pass that in all this part of the State, at
least, the grouse seasenis now open and the birds
are browning inthe Dutch ovens or in the stoves.

It may be said for this bird that its watchfulness
is acute, but that its sagacity is not great tis
rsed with the behef, common to many members
of the wallinaceous family, that se long as it stays
stdliteannotbe seen Kurthermore, like the quail,
itean besearedintostiliness  Fewmen have ever
seen a grouse drum, which is their method of
wooing and challenging in the springtime By
the exercise of an lodian like stealth in stalking
it may sometimes be done, but not often. Also
when the birds are feeding upon the buds of iron-
which form almost their only sus
tenance at this time of the vear, it is dificult to
approach them seftly They both see and hear
well, and the steady quiet crunching of the hunt-
ers feet upon the snow will send them soaring
tithe treetops before he has come within seven-
ty five yards, Tf he Liows enough of his quarry
to approach boldly, making even alittle more noise
than heeessary, Stopping to break a branch
now and then, or to whistle, or sing, he will find
the members of the flock in all likelihood crouched
closely upon the branches, with heads drawn in,
waiting for him to pass them unobservant sim
arly, quails are always wildest when they have
not been shot over \ bevy that has not been
disturbed by man will flush in thick cover often
When thirty varnds away Onee they have heard
the crack of the gun, however, will lie as
well hidden as possible when the sounds of the

lreaded footstep come to them

cu

 

wood trees

 

1s

 

 

they

In drumming, the partridge, grouseor pheasant

for some hidden reason eschews newly fallen logs
It Wants one that is partialiy or almost wholly
decayed \ half rotten stump of oak will be a
favorite place. Tt does not crouch, but stands as

rect as possible, and its wings beat with a motion
so rapid that wessible to approximate the
number of strokes, much less to count them. The
ends of the wing feathers touch or brush the log
only hghtty. The drumming is produced wholly
by the force with which the wings strike the body
and the air under them. Once a suitable bit of
prone timber is found it will be used season after
inany birds, though never by more
aume. Therearelogsin these woods
oth trenches in them a halfinch
deep, worn therein by the hammering pinions of
wenerations of male grouse If another male be
within hearing it is apt t appear upon the scene,
Whereupon @ combat follows which for violence,
if not for fatality, equals any contest between
gatfed chickensinthe pit. The birds are not often
bad!y hurt, because their spurs are only rudi
mentary. Their weapons of offenee are the bill
and the wings, and the wings are much the more
When one combatant bas been knocked
down and partly stunned by a stroke from the
elbow its successful rival walks around it
and erects a neck ruff and beats upon the ground
wing feathers. When the fallen one
has recovered in part it sneaks away rapidly on

t Sometimes both birds will obtain a strong
\d with their bills, and then they whirl
round and round im dizzy ¢

ities

 

season by
thanone at
which have sm

severe

beavy

 

neekl

s a huge revoly

 

lig mass of rinse The dead leaves sull upon
he ground tly about them in clouds, and the noise
of the grapple is audible a quarter of 4 mile awas
th tis dual bold the one whose bill first ures is
defeated When its grip is loosed it is jerked
about awt io shauvtul fashion, and when it

 

st last wrenclied itself free it trots away awk

   
   
  
  

 

wardiy, its head witha anineh of the ground, its
s partly extended in utter faugue and its
de ninthe efortto get enough air for

  

f near while the cock is on the
log G fis rolling thunder through the
forest apt te prove @n instant victim to
lis charms Wilh partridges, as with humanity,

 

Proploquity has mueh to do with the making
{ tehes. ‘The hen, having been attracted
by the drumming, makes her approach cau
ously Itis the very sweetest of musie to ber

 

 

and she Wishes it ty continue as ong as possible

 

 

   

 

    
 

    
 

    

 

 

She will draw gradually nearer and more near,
stopping now and then te listen in coy delight
\iter a while the cock will perceive ber and he
redgoubles lis ctforts. Seon she is not more
that twenty feet from bim and stops in ecstacy
until he completes his serenade. Then he de
sevnds inva ducoified manner, draws near to her,
executes 8 grandiose strut or two, spreads his
tail and w and permits her to view him in
ail tis beauty of plumage, sends the dried leaves
Whiring about him, merely as an instance of
! vet uf muscle, then leads the way
Inte the Jorest, she f g meekly Ther
“ of buneombe t1 id it is also

ry liu \ ' tryer) lying upon

‘ peering tt igh a bush forty

rdsawas wapttodeclare to himself

Just partridges are all in flocks and
ren unul tote im April when their

g Nob t hes veys vary in nun

r IN to f The female gerouse

! ul is te y aS vent) eres and
! rt hat rh The family so brought
to the world yall \ gether untl the next
matioug | They get ther lees and
winks sable cor om with remarkable
rapidity One doy the nest will be full of eggs
which show ne sign of the pip lwo days atter
it will be empty save for the broken shells, and
the browd mas be five miles away Chis rapidity
of development is common to all ground birds
tis net trie of thos: that nest in high trees and

have their wines for protection as soon as they
are able to got about atall tis not true either
of ducks, geese and other aquatic birds, that
have the water always at hand to which they

   

may flee and in which they are safe. A young
teal, for instance, can and will swim as soon as
Hisoutef the shell, butit cannot fly a foot until
Hos nearly half grown The flocks of rouse
cal | be broken up by anything save death
Thor family thes are espeeralle strong and they
have some poeuliar fashion of determining each

rotyts

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

t Oroastonally an individual
' s ures 16 bread, 18 permitted to join
ant! \ is Wet frequent Most
‘ tt winter utterly alone
| {ny t n uttered by two footed
and ir ed hunters, but they come together
again befor sunset Pier assembly call is
siren It ! far reaching resonant
and distinet es the plainrive t ghth and
Oe siXteonth s oof the scattered quails
butt sere te pry Phe ome to we call
of the partric fond musical, being
miything ets
> Dp rful, self reliant
pra.tie chicken as
ote the cart hes tn t
iy Struggle for ext
i Where offer men
Would starve or
Ss Positively te revel
nd ne weather affects ts
When the fatl of stuow
HosSquat tinotiontoss and allow
Mior the erystals to a depth
' So eovered it will sleep
hin upveard & mass of white
sin every direction here
startling th tis sudden
i ' ' wr fron t pparentls ter
i sw f{ drift It is n nfreduenths
Luak por ‘ther lives
i ‘ rare! { } When cud
‘ rial ‘ vovlbtet mov ne mat
{ his sas i
iy 1 ni totuey are buried under a fot
‘ w alight AWS \I
\r ey weather is uncertain and tof the
Nortaw > exception It sometimes o¢
curs that after snow has fallen for the greater
! (t Gight there will be a tise of tempera
in ida shew pain Phis in turn will he fol
lowed by a bitter north wind and # lard freeg:
When this hepoensa the sl ne perindives have
I ' Wagh rout wand over
i it t ! * possibly Haut
‘ uy m4 Upon ther
1 { feel NaN ‘ir i uw wer
jie, witht j Nhacuy are sharp and heavy
bul semetimies th fina ven mae

eon aed 4 noe have

the bunter, or woodehoppe
tae woods will flud brown t

lsepperod
ro wandenng throug
ithers sticking above

 

) the thinning covering of the carth beneath

LLL

 

Dig
he will find

useless, of

ging with his guo muzzle, or axe
from six to a dozen bodies, utterly
Course, for any purpose. since they will be merely
shin, bones and plumage

 

  

   

  
 

The man @ho starts out to kill partridges in
January isin foratong hard day of it { unless |
he is unusually eudwring and expert, be is apt
te have an empty bag at sunset. The binds in
he witiler seareity of food are forced to travel
groatd Hees inerder togeta living atall, ane
thoy ate very rapid on them feet The gaitat
Which they trot theough the woods, even when
1 hocespecial hurry, is as fasi as a moderate

Walk aad they keep at up sometimes for two hours
ehoeond without @ patise They go over the snow
With much Jess effort than a pian, or other heays
animal can go through it, and are likely at any
time to vary the monotony of foot progress by

 

before pin hing. [tis possible to trail them and
Stath them. but it requires much muscular effort
aod unlimited patieuce The people in the broker
hills along the Mississippi River of the North
West know a tnek worth two of that \s they
Practise partridge shooting itis a thing of lithe
exertion. ‘The favorite feeding ume of the bird
tein the twilight whieh follows the set of the low
sun. Between sunset and piteh dark in this
latitude there is nearly an hour of gray light
\s snow is everywhere the light holds mueh
longer than it would ordinarily. and even after
ene or two faint stars have appeared it is possible
to see an object of grouse size [n this hour the
Partridges feed upon the buds of the ironwood
trees. "The ironwood isa troe thatseldom attains
® height of more than forty feet. It has many
small branches, to leaves in we winter, and at
the ond of each of the twigs is a small excrescenve
Which contains a green aud juicy heart. Of
these buds the birds are fond. They gather
them by seying them in their strong bills, closing
down on them and giving a sidewise wreneh of
the head which severs them from the stem as
Heatly as it could be done with a pair of scissors
When a flock is feeding on ironwood buds the
notse of this snipping can be heard for some dis
tance over the snow. The tree grows almost
Wholly in the gorges, between the hills

Up the gorge the hunter walks slowly,
listening intently for the clipping of the sharp
hills e carrics a 22- caliber rifle, which makes
litte noise when itis discharged, and he counts
Upon approaching within fifty yards of his quarry
He knows that if he hears one peculiar snap made
by the severauce of the bud from its stem be will
see probably from eight to ten birds, because
they feed twgether, Often oue small tree will
contain a dozen of them When the first faint
Suips come to hita he stops in his tracks aud listens
endeavoring to fix how far the partridges are
from him and upon which side of the gorge Hav-
ing settied their location definitely in his mind
he walks carelessly forward, crunching heavily
in the snow, emitung a cough now and then and
otherwise being as noisy as possible, without
becoming alarmir Advancing seventy-five
Yards, he sees the birds perched in an jironwood
tree upon the righthand side of the gorge,
berhaps fifty feet up its side, bringing them be-
tween him and the sky. They have stopped
feeding and ere looking uneasily about. The
object of his incautious approach is to cause them
to stir in the branches, or te cluck, thus assisung
him in placing them, Having discovered them,
he slips behind a tree and waits a lithe while for
them to resume feeding. It is his object to get
more than one of them, so he does not walk boldly
toward them and cause them to crouch. They
start eating again in a minute’ or two and then
he makes a rapid advance, darting from trunk
to trunk. When he has arrived within forty
or Afty yards he brings his rifle into play \s
the ight in the gorge is noi of the best, he makes
nO attempt at faney shooting, but centres his
targets as well as he may. He begins upon the
lowest bird in view, as its fall is not apt to dis
tirb those above it. If he has been fortunate
ehough to select the bottom bird and it goes in-
Stanty dead from the limb, the others will be
startled by the sharp snap of the spiteful hte
Weapon, but they will not take flight. They
stand as erect as possible, holding their wings
Close pressed against their sides, craning their
necks in every direction, looking for the mys
terious disturber and emitting a volley of eluc ks
but not ready for flight until they know what
the troubleis. The hunter throws down his ejector,
closes, it, draws a bead and tumbles the next
lowest bird. This time the sitting grouse are
thrown into a fever of excitement tis the bunt-
er's duty then toshooteas rapidly as possible He
may gel in tWo more shots, but most frequently
at the third discharge the covey rises with a tre
mendous roar from the shaking branches and
speeds away up the hillside over the tops of the
low trees, flying at the rave of two miles in a min-
ute. In a second or two they are out of sight
The hunter picks up his brace, or tno, and goes
home. He knows that he will get no more shoot-
ing in that gorge, and, as the way is long and
the climb toilsome to get into another, he decides
wisely to let well enough alone. Moreover, by

    

 

the time he could reach other shooting ground
there would be no light

\ brace of partridges, however, will repay
any one for the trouble of killing them. Thev

will make a meal for a half dozen healthy persons,
and it is such a meal as the dwellers in cities‘do
not often see The birds have not heen kept for
three months in arefrigerator, cold, itistrue, but
filled with bad air. They are plump. The fat
lies upon the red flesh underneath in layers. They
areastenderastrout The wheat about the bases
of the stacks standing in the lonely white flelds
and the juicy buds of ironwood have given them
a beautiful flavor Also there is appetite in the
pursuitand taking of them They may be broiled,
of course, though they are rather large for the
andiron. They may be made into a pie, or there
Areeven heathens heathenish enough to fry them
A self respecting human, however, will take the cock
partndge of this year's brood, pick it carefully,
singe it, draw itas he would a turkey, wash itin
three warm Waters, stuff it with Graham bread
crumbs and roasted chestnuts, give it 4 liberal
dusting of salt and red peppper and roast it to a
nut brown, basting it often with mingled bird
juice and melted butter He will then carve thin
slices of snow white from the breast that is golden
n the outside, help himself liberally to the dress-
ing, and see thathisclaretis warmed to 101 degrees
Fahr., no moreand no less. So fed, with his pipe
swinging between his teeth, his chair tilted back
against the log wall and a red fire upleaping in the
wide chimney, it will make no difference at all
to him that outside the snow lies deep and ghostly
for miles under the pale moonlight, while the cu
comes in, stamps his rubber booted fers upon the

floor and = says
t's going to be eighteen below in th’ mornin’.”

 

    

 

SOUTH CAROLINA GAMECOCKS,

Breeding the Birds an Established Industry
in the state.

CHARLESTON, S.C, Jan 12. The breeding
of blooded) gamecocks for the Mexican market
mainly is an established industry in South Caro
lina. Of recent years the South Carolina gamecocks
have become celebrated and there are more orders
standing now than can be filled from the present
stock. The orders have tolieover until the young
chickens are grown, and they always command
the top prices when shipped beyond the border

Ih requires years of close study to breed the
finest game cocks and then pick the cream of
the stock for ihe pits \ well known breeder
in Barnwell county has won a national reputa-
tionen his Mugwumps and his War Horses
These game cocks have left a string of victories
in some of the richest mains fought in this State

and many hundreds of dollars bave been won
on their prowess Other breeds of fightung
chickens are raised in this State by men who

never tight them, and some of the most prominent

breeders have never

Wagered a dollar on any
oftheir birds) They raise the champions for the
profit to be derived, from sales

Cockfighting now is not so common in this
State as it was formerly According to the laws
of South Carolina a main cannot be conducted
within four miles of a church or a schoolhouse
Ten-Mile Hill, a way station on the Southern
Railway above Charleston, has been the cock-
fighting headquarters years. Recentiv a
large pit was built, with rows of seats ranging
above it, and crowds of sporting people have been
drawn to tnis place when championship events
between South Carolina and Georgia are fought
The law does not interfere with the mains. Soon
after the pitat Ten Mile wes opened a sporting
man from Charleston got Np A main at $1,000 a
side and ihe lovers of wkilehting for miles
around gathered forthe sport | Hooks were made
on the hacke and this gave many plunging chance
to people se inclined, After (he main was fought
two expert breeders arranged a mateh There
was a house filled with fine birds which bad not
been sent to the fre and the iwo pitters had
the privilege of picking their chickens. They
always figured for the birds in sight, and

for

    

 

 
 

   

  

 

 

 

  
  

  

   

their appearance at the ig Was the signal for
the betting to start The bookmaker did) not
aiways fir profitable, buy he did now kiek
On the \ han Ailesion
Who Was recognized as the J rity
wert tt h ante Daek With a tine
wumo ehtewen Phe other man had a War
The eenized anthorttv. heeled thy
birds himself. Phe gamblers warehod him closely
eid che beta Was ate stanesdll unl the birds
had been prepered for the batil- Aiier wetting |
t gaits securely fastened the business mat
weil t bookmaker and places 8500 on his
Mugwump. This was the opening of a rush
of men who place big money in the same way
and the bochinaher Was almost i tears when be
saw that ooe lone man placed o small bet on th
War Horse eoch, More than 81.200 was bet on
the Mugwuing, aud probable 8100 on War
blorse r Was A themed of i i rT
mien! whe he bir v vitted Both stay
flsgivi hey w ob med f vie iff r
awas and "y CAL lope wer With a orn i
War Horse x gnit pe ret
fori. With e word, clogs driv he 1 fai
on ihe head of tt luswump and she ‘gall
through f silat the fires | It was
fone Gg t e hist of the
> Miler he maker
| that g¢
w tha Tes & certain amount of Ine}
ery fit. and that (he « onef the expert
Weve be aecopt sure Uh ng

 

Property Offlees, Lofts, or Stores,

   

of all desenptions, whether vou seek them op
have them to dispose of. muke use of Tae
SUN's atvertising columns, A SUN reader

Will Always be lound @ desiravle tenant or
eusluimer.~ Ade,

a a

|
meoon thee brood wings and tiying a anile |

  
  

 

HYPNOTISM, HE

REMARK INE EXPERIENCE OF MR
MENEDICH AV A DINNER

Me Was tnvited to Make a Speech on Steel

 

 

Rails Before the Mystle Thirteen, and
His Privilege Was Apparently Usurped

by 4 Lellow Who Stole Hie Dogstory,

Phe Myst Thirteen gave a dinner one night
fast Week jo a hall in Westehester county whieh
they succeeded in hiring without disclosing the
PUPPose Which tt was wanted, and one of tie
UNeN pe led juests wos 4. Whoop Benedict, who

{ alleges that he was Lv piwetized bor wie occasion
Benedict something or other in the stuck and

bonds tine on Wall Street aud be admits (hat he is

strong for
he hasadi

lis size, Which is not large, and that

rimiuatiug eve forjewelry and clothes
Hi Was atthe hour when thirsty Wall Street con
tributes tiost freeiy to tbe cate proprietors that
Benedict went into the Gilt hdge bar and ordered
A large drink straight Just as le placed his
emply g mothe bar, Milly, the mixer, said

“TWasjust saying, Mr. Benedict, as you came in,
that L considered you the swellest dresser, bar
None, south of Fulton street

“Thauk you, Billy, have one,” said Benedict

Another on tae house followed,and ope all around
on tWo friends who entered just then came later
Then Mr Benedict started uptown and stopped iu
atthe Astor House for justone more Ashe was
Uilting & lonesome elbow a slap on the back jox
gied his arm and turning around to resent it he
found Charley Spindleton, an old school friend,
eringing at big cheerlully

"Weil Vil be hanged,” said Benedict

“Same here,” said Charley “Lets bave one
together forthe sake of old times. Haven't seen
you for ten years. Gee! but you have become a
swelldresser Do you remember that old double
breasted cutaway thal *

“This is on me, Chatiey,” interrupted Mr. Bene
diet hastily. “What's yours, and whereare you
bound?"

Benedict alleges that the hypnotic influence
began t) make itself ielt just at this ime

_ Canyou make an afterdinner speech”
Spindiletou

“Yash sir.” said Benedict

“G ’ wd oue =

“Finers silk.”

“Well, you're the man I'm after,” said Spindie-
ton, “The Mystic Thiriven are going to have @
dinner in) Westehester county to-night, We
couldn't get a police permit for New York. Good
husky lolof chaps now, Tecan tell you Tf vou
Will say the Word Pi telegraph your name and i.
Vall be presented ou the list of speakers We
Willtake a 6:02 train up and I'll guarantee you the
time of yourtie’

Benedict says that he knew he was expected
home to dinner but for the life of him he couldn't
refuse the invitation On the way to the train
they had two more drinks together, and then Bene-
diet went sound asleep, When he awoke he was
standing on a long station platform watching a
train disappear

“Where's zish”

asked

 

he asked

“Shbtb.” said Charley. “This is the town
Where the Mystic Thirteen have their dinner
You areal mebt, old man, Stick to me and you

will wear diamonds

“Got some,” said Benedict, holding out his hand
to show two large rings

I remember that incident,” he says, in telling
the story, “and then the hypnotic influence got to
work, and L knew nothing more unul Ll found my
self in a big country all with a lot of men who
drank freely. You can put me down hereafter
asa firm believerin hypnotusm

‘The dinner of the Mystic Thirteen began, and
Benedict drank what was put before him unt, in
Jooking over the dinner card, he came to thelist
of toasts ‘There he saw “Steel Rails and the
"Tanitf,” to be responded to by “The Chesterfleidian
Benedict” The more he studied it the plainer it
seemed that he was expected to make a speech
He thought up an old dog story by way of intro
duction, and then he classified his knowledge of
steel rails and the tariff under sub beads to aid his
memory when the time came ‘The speaking be-
gan, and save for anoceastonal remark of “Rotten'”
Mr. Henedict listened patiently He had his
own speech well in hand. When the presiding
officer called on the “Chesterfleldian Benedict"
he arose and bowed to the applause that seemed
tumultuous. [It roared and rumbled around him,
and when itdied away, although he obviously had
the floor, a voice which he didn't recognize began
talking abont a dog. Some one had rot only
usurped his privilege, but also made a hasa of his
dog story, This was too bad. The other fellow
had lost the point of the dog story, and Benedict
began vaguely to feel sorry for him. He looked
all around the hall, but he could see no other man
standing. ‘The men at the table were all looking
at him, and every one of them was long-haired.

“Once waza dog,” began the other fellow again
and Henedict knew that this other fellow's foolish
remarks were the reason thatevery one waa laugh-
ing and he smiled himself

The otner fellow established satisfactorily
the existence of a dog once upon atime and de
veloped the fact that it was owned by the same
man that owned the dog about which Benedict
wanted to tell a story This struck him as a

curious coincidence and he really nad to augh
att) Everybody laughed at it This didn't
seem to bother the other fel ow, for as soon as

the noise subsided he began anew
Onee waza dog
“How about steel rails
and before Benedict could
said: “Novzer time ['rails
dog story
Jenedict was disgusted. He could not make
a speech because the other fellow did all the talk
ing and he sat down with as much dignity as
yvossible lis chair sprang up and hit him
falf a minute later the other fellow, who had
elready spoiled his evening, was explaining
for him how he happened to be sitting on the
floor The hypnotic power began to get in its
work again and HKenedict remembers vaguely
that the speakers who followed him referred to
the “Chesteriieldian Benedict’ as the Chauncey
Denew of Wall Street Every complimentary
reniark of this sort was greeted by the other fellow
Win the statement, “Thashe, thasho,” and Kene
dirt began to feel more kindly toward him The
ether fellow wasn't such a bad lot after all and
Benedict was too tired to think more about ity
so he went to sleep When he awoke the scene
nad changed
The country hall had disappeared and he was
on a small steamboat which was just about to
leave her pier for New York, Charley was with
him, looking very rocky. Each had difficulty
in conveying his meaning to the other. They
looked outon the Sound, which was rough, and
then they walked ashore. As they waited in the
cold railway station for the first morning twain
hack to New York the brpnotic influence began
to fade — Benedict slept most of the way back
to New York and at the station, where he said
good by to Charley, he asked
“Didanything happen last niehi”’
Damfinn.’
“Who was
my speech”

shouted some one,
reply the otner fellow
Nozzer ume. Zish

the other fellow) who interrupted

Gohome, old man, and try acold bath and
asleep Then think it over
( Whoop Henedict: followed directions and

he has been thinking iLoverever since

It musi have been hypnotism” he says, “other
wise T can't account for it. It was not aleohol
for LT know Eadid not take more than three moder
ate dnnks, That Mystic Thirteen dinner was
undoubtedly the most wonderful experience of
my life lam going to give the facts to a scien
tifle man of my acquaintance and [ will let you
know his conclusions.’

TRAVELS

 

OF A LETTER,

How the News About Friedersdorff's New
House Has Been Kept Going.

 

Brom the Chicago Tribune,
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind,
Mchee, Vice President of ‘he Indiana National
Bank. to-day received from the Philippines a
Jetter on which was this address, "BK. i. Mckee
Manila, Philippine Isiands,” and the upper
left-hand corner are the words If uot delivered
fel rn ook L. MeKee, tndianapolis, Ind
side of ihe letter is que Lrief ‘ine
“Friedersd orl

Jan 5 -Edwarnd |

an

 

building a

   

 

      

   

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

bandsome new
Ouise
Phis letter was written twenty seven years
ago and has been iravelliig all over the work!
ever since iS peregrination are the result
of a tithe joh Ki er Mehee an
Woo. Penton lent of © Nativaa
Hank he a 1 IATA \r
thattime both wer ang ! ee etts, bay
Ing come jer Nn Matis I; Mehee wae
aclerk in a shoe store » Fens dropping
Ih on Dinh ile Gays it ‘ binges
bit of new ia ben ear nauve own
in mug cime: “Mr edersdorth is building a
new lotse
Ouer Madisonians dropping in from ‘lay
day breathe ime pew Wn Wriatly cone
dav Meber t up . i diswust just
as Mr uiteny thoutter atthe news item
Fenton thereupon sat od end Wrote out the
} item. pul itin an envelope adusessed it te
Mr Metter Moly rn put t it
another envelop ana ¢ ed Ven
t the mailed itt homibay, dads
addressrage ort te M Teiwee there, tut Putin
} Mr Mely return cond svorner of the
‘ ely when i! eome ‘ \ Melver
nele t to } i Hog Keone, China
Fenton's retu nd the rier
Pius the letter has been gem for over a quar
ter of aw vent who omen has a wonderful
eollectic f postmerk= as a result of this queer
joke Pheve ie men are beth well along in
life, and bave reached envistt: positions from
their hunrble begwinnity at the time this oid tet
ter Was started tts travels During all these
year though e iwe omen have
ne wey ve never spoken a word a4
Lette fr ° another ¢ ap .
ment moi Che letier has never bee
durch all these sears Mr. Meheoe sqre
tray i tye bee nh edueation him
Peak e beces t al ir
ney to a distant q © hob ! few
months Ht will probably turn up in the offlee of

 

Mr. Feuton at Chicago,

aero

 

 

 

THINKS | A CANNY SCOT WITH A SECRET.

 

A New Swindle This Year on Rubber Men
Who Want to Make Golf Balls.

In my business,’

have t
f

said toe rubber man, “we
rdeal with about a dozen different: kinds
swindlers in a year I don't think that swip
lets devote as much time to any other industry
in the world as they do to the rubber business
Pdon't know why thatis so, unless its becaduse
It presenis more openings for new inventions
sod # larger fleld for men with new ideas than
id won't bore you with the games
that are worked on ous. or rather that are tried
year The fellows with new methods of
hardening rubber which save vast sums of mones
and result in a finer product than we ever bad
before are our regular annual visitors, and we
AlWays listen to them patiently unmtl they try
to borrow a few hundreds on the strength of their
sevrek ‘Then we either bave the porter kick
(hem out, or threaten them with the police, which
by the way isa far more effective way of getting
rid of them

“Bul this year the real thine tn a oman with
new ideas has turned up, and, would you believe
Mt, he has made every rubber man iu this part of
the country listen to him and nas succeeded tn
getting sinall sums of money from many of (nem,

#uy other line

each

in store for the man who can secure the secret
process by which the Scotch and English rubber
men manufacture golf balls. he growth of
the game in this country has made the demand
for golf balls greater than it has ever been for
baseballs Golf balls sell for a good price, too,
the best of the imported bringing 35 cents apiece
We know that onve the machinery is: purchased
and paid for, the profitin golf balls must be some

thing enormous, and we are not at all pleased
to have to acknowledge that we cannot begin
to make them in competition with the foreigners
The golf ball made here is really a ent your
article compared to the imported one, despite
what you hear to the contrary, aud the best evi
dence of that is the fact that no one ever uses
one, except maybe for a short Ume in the way
of experiment, if he can get the others

“Well, you can imagine that I was very much
leased about siz months ago, When a man came
in here and addressing me in a decidedly Seotwh
accent, told me that hs had been the foreman
in the factory in a certain Scotch city, where
the finest golf ball in the world is made. He told
me that he was well acquainted with the process
by which the Blank golf ball was made, and
that if I would give him a place as foreman in
ourfactory, and purchase the nevessary machinery
he would give me the secret Strange as it may
seem, the idea that the man was an impostor
never occurred to me. Maybe it was my delight
at getting hold of a secret for which | would have
been willing to pay big money that blinded me
but any way, I fell to the man at once, turned
him over to my head man and sent the two to
my factory in Connecticut, with instructions
tomy man not to Jet the golf ball maker get away
from him under any circumstances, and to keep
the object of his visit to the factory a secret from
ovens?

“Well, sir, that golf ball maker with the valuable

secret began to touch my man as soon as they
goton the train, and in two days he was into
me for $260. My representative wired me that
the man Was asking for money all the time, and
wanted instrucuons what to do. 1 wired back
togive the fellow everything heasked for,and that
idiot of & representative of mine obeyed me to the
letter [call him an idiot because} can see no
reason why he should have been blind just because
Iwas. At the end of the first week, the golf ball
man was in my debt some $500.) Then he very
conveniently disappeared, and I haven't seen
hide or hair of him since. TI won't go into details
about my sensations when | found out how I had
been roped in, but there is a sequel to the story
that I will tell you.
“Every year a lot. of us rubber men who have
known one another for along time have a little
dunner, and while there are no set toasts, each
of us usually finds something interesting (o tell
the others before he goes home. | made up my
mind that my experience with golf balls was too
Rood to keep, so when it came around to me to
say a few words, I started to tell about the secret
process T had negouated for. I noticed that all
the others looked kind of queer while I talked,
and when 1 was all through | was surprised
that there was not a perfect storm of laughs at
my expense But there wasn't. Instead, my
friends all looked kind of foolish and some of them
seemed to be trying to forget what I had said
by discussing other things. For a moment I was
dazed by this reception of my story; then like a
flash the truth dawned on me. Every last one
of them had been roped in by the same golf bail
maker that had gulled me. I accused them of it
on the spot, but not until one man came out and
frankly admitted it would the others confess. It
all wound up with a laugh, of course, but after
each man had been made to tell his story, it was
mighty comforung for me to know that | was
one of the lightest sufferers of them all.”

PLAIN TALK IN A PRAYER,

 

 

The Rev. Mr. Jordan's Petition in Behalf
of the Wicked People of Raleigh.
From the Raleigh Newt and Observer,
A sensation was created here Sunday in church
circles by the Rev J. M. Jordan. Mr. Jordan,
who has preached the Gospel in nearly every Bap
tist church in the State at one time or another, has
been here for some time superintending the publi
cation of a history of his lifeand labors
Sunday morning he attended the First Baptist
Church, and was called on by Dr. Carter, at the
conclusion of his sermon on “Christian Growth,”
for a prayer And such a prayer it was! The
venerable preacher, with bowed head, seemed to be
talking familiarly with God, telling Him of the
sins of the people, man by man, and asking the
Almighty for mercy and indulgence till they could
be called to repentance
“O, God,” he said, “Thou knowest the majority
of Christians are like wasps larger at birth than
at any other time. And they grow smaller and
meaner as time goes on. ‘Thou knowest, also,
thata great many members high up in the church
drink rand whiskey and go to dances. ,
Lord, they call them germans, but that's just to
fool the people. They are regular old dancea
nothing in the world but fiddling and dancing
We read the paper this mornng and there the ¥
had printed the names of all the gals and their
partners, ©, Lord, have mercy ou these miser
able rascals
Then, oh Lord, a lot of them are giving card
parties around here, going into saloons, visit
ing places of ill fame and playing the devil gen
erally No wonder that when they ask a sin
ner to turn from his evil way, hereplies, ‘Go way
you old devil, we know vou" We heard only
this past week of a prominent chureh member
who had been drinking beer ten years and who
went home and found his little boy dead drunk
and as limber as a dishrag Oh, Lord, have
merey on these miserable sinners, who pretend
they are following Thee, but who go around with
their breath smetling ike an old swill tub We
have a tittle grandchild, Lord, that we were think
ing of sending to school, but, oh. Lord, this
is such a degraded, fearfully wicked city, that
we are afraid to send her here. Then there is
a college here where the young men are encour
aged to give dances Oh Lord, have mercey
on the President of that institution.

“Thou knowest there are only a few righteous
people in Raleigh All the rest are wicked, and
were it not for these few good people the whole
city would go to the devil, God would rain down
fire and brimstone and destroy it like Sodom and
Gomorrah

 

WHAT HE SAW ON THE COFFIN,

An Expressman’s Story About Carrying a
Corpse on the Front Platform,
From the Minneapolis Tribune

not believe in ghosts, uor aml par

hervous,” remarked the express mes
senger, “but | ouce was so posiuve that I saw
@ spectre that | was toubled with insomuaia for
mouy nights and { thought | uld
able t) quiet my nerves again

“It was back iu the 80s and I was running he
tween Kansas City and Denveronthe UP We
made a small Colorado station one evening about

 

“Tide
tieulary

lever w le

 

dish aud found on the platform, as LE had been
advised. the grewsome pine boy felling its story
of some unfortunate who bad gone to tne m
inva search for It so bay
pened thatmy car was fullaad plan asd might
Teould find no place for the bos he train «

ductor cane uP ‘find out what was the cause
told Lamofimy 4

 

 

 

van

health

 

 

 

er) the delay ed cement a]
was equal tothe emergenese tn anrnist

Putiton the front: platform. be said. The
suxestionk Wos & good one and ta another my
mieut dead passenger was aboard aud we
were pr iiog over the prairie

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Its) happened that | had a car with a door
at the end About 10 hack Ww began failing
and Titel) you it came down thick, ag iioften does
in eel ral It was micnignt when bo theuge
of the corpse, flow ny » } t
the jolloof the train mong! Lotf the plant
The nacht was clear do the d
it swune Ls hinges J head cut Vien |
Samed tie doer with oa bang eod samped bael
fn the esr, of was perspinng fiom every !
aud trembiioy tthe a leaf

What liad i seen Wis ‘hie bott upright
on the coffin, with his bands eis vehix knees
was the ‘st Chest any man ever saw !
stood jo the centre of tae car, irresoaute | Plooked
at my Winchester, then [realized it woutd be
of? eat i Aspook

Suddenly the door opened sand bere stood
mv wheat [i was a Wamp eoy “L With Stow
trom tread f He stead the hliahiee at
the igh for Nomentland then !

Sa Wille) you've kets 1 one, anshow
Canty eine ret warn afer turn me off
id Tobe im ride A | . If Td heen
going New York he could have woue with me
Tm the jest man im the world net w show up

preciativas and grautude”

    

 

 

|
|

You probably don't know it, but there ts a fortune |

 

EEE

HIS SANITY THREATENED,

PARRICIDE’S MIND
UNDER STRAIN PET

WAVERING
Pon 17,
Vitiftul Story of Harry Hatlner Whe
Killed His Pather on Christmas Day to
Ssuve the Life of His Mother-In Jail
Awaitiog the Action of the Grand Jury,

Harry Haifoer is still in Raymond Street Jal
It is just two weeks since bo killed his father,
The boy is IS yoars old, undersized: and tiag 4
The father had come home to h's Christinas dine
nerdrunk, He had up-et the dishes, had broken
the furniture, beaten the mother and, after
threatening tokill her and Harry, had made «e
mirderous assault upon her with a butcher
kiile, Harry sprang between them and killed
his father witha sharp koife that he had juss
picked upto hide from the drunkard,

\ Coroners jury heard Harry's brother,
Jobony, and their mother tell the story and
decided that Linrry did right to kill his father,
The b lawyer, Joseph Parker, Jr, has told
Harry aot totel what hethinks, With all the
resolution there isin him Harry elings to whas
Mr. Parker has told him, Tho keepers
atthe jail believe that Harry Haffner’s mind is
wavering underthe strain that has been put
upon it, His talk wanders and his idehs come
bystarts. ‘Those who heard the story as it was
told at the inquest do not wonder at it,

bor neariy a year Harry, who was an apprene
tice in a job printing shop, had been saving as
much of his moucy us could be spared from
the household expenses to buy adesk. The
desk belonged to a livery-stable keeper not far

y's

from Haffner’s home in Atlantic avenue. The
liveryman said he would sell the desk for
$10, By Christmas he had saved $6, He

was terribly disappointed because it was not
enough. His mother had $4 in the house and
added it to what be had, so that the desk could
be bought, Charlies Haffuer, the father, waa
angry. ‘The family was always complaining of
him, he said, because he did not bring his
wages home, and because he spent a litre
money for drink, But they seemed to be pers
fectly able to buy $10 desks without his ald or
advice. He began drinking before breakfast,
and when he went to work said some more
ugly things about the desk that Harry was goes
ingtoto buy. The mother and the boys tried to
vavify him by teiling him that they would tell
the neighbors that he had given the desk to
Harry 48 a Christmas present,

When he came back at noon he had been
drinking still more, But now he was fairly
good natured. Harry hired a grocer's wagon,
and his father went with him and brought the
desk home. They had a hard time getting
Ing the house; the father was drunkenly
clumsy. He lost his temper opee or twice,
When the desk stuck on the stairs he cursed
and swore and was for fetching the axe to
smash it to kindling wood, The boys and the
mother persuaded him with great difficulty
rottosmash it. They begged him to go back
to his work, and he did, but threatening never
tocome home again one minute, and to come
home and “‘Ilre everybody” the next,

The boys got the desk upstairs easilyenough
after that. ‘They spent the afternoon in polish-
ing it and cleaning it out. The father came
home todinner fighting drunk. He tramped,
muttering, upthe stairs, into the room whare
the desk Was and stood before it, cursing the
desk, the boy who bought it and the mother
who helped him. Again they smoothed him
down by appealing to his vanity and telling
him that the neighbors were all commenting
on the magnificence of his gift to Harry

He lay down on the lounge and fell asleap,
The mother put the Christmas dinner on the
table. The boys sat down and she went in and
woke the father. He came reeling back into
the kitenen, He looked the table over,

“There isn't going to bo any Christmas dine
ner here to-day,” he growled. Then he piexed
up the turkey by the legs and threw it across
the floor, Hethrew the dishes around, The
mother began to ery. He knoeked her down
with a blow in the face

“stop vour noise!" he said, and picked ? the
earving knife, He felt its edge and eyed his
wife and Harry threateningly, The boys, tere
ribly frightened, began to ery, too

“Tknow what Lam going to do,” the drunk.
en man said afterawhile. He latd the knife on
the edge of the sink and went Into the front
room, | veeee him through the door they
saw him tak ong hunting knife out of its
case and try the blade on his thumb nail,

“Harry, he called, Harry went to the door,

“Harry! shouted the father, “I’m going to
kill you. You make all the trouble in this
house.”

“Please don't,” said Harry, and he began
crying afresh. The inan’seye fell on the family
picture album lying on the centre table,

“Wait a minute.” he said. He replaced the
hunting knife in the drawer from which he had
taken it. Then he took up the album and
kieked it about the floor,

“Harry,” he said, “ask your mother if she
Wants the pictures inthis album. If she does
she can have them, Dut the book has got to
eo. thas made all the trouble in this family.”

Harry went out and told his mother what
his father said, She cried allihe hurder. Be.
tween sobs she tald Harry that there was a
clasp knife in the drawerof the kitehen tabla
which his father had sharpened the night be.
fore, and whieh would be the next one
he would go for. She wanted Harry to
hide that knife, The father lurched into the
room just as Harry took the knife from tha
drawer, The boy slipped it into his coat
pocket Mrs. Haitner went to her husband and

weed himnot to burn the album, which he
had in his hands. It was a big book and as
heavy asa block of wood.

“Don't burn it,” Haffner roared. “I'll show
you what Til do with it.” He raised it in both
hands to bring it down upon her head. She
dodged, and the book, with the full forea of
his blow, struck his own knees. He fell fore
ward, gathered himself up in a transport
of rage, crying that he was going to kill his
wife and Harry, too, He sel; the carving
knife that still ly nthe sink and lunged with
itat his wife. Harry wis at his side,

Asthe man, Wihayell of rage, reached for
the mother, the boy pulled the sharpened case
knife out of his pocket and strnek the blade

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

  

 

 

 

 

into his father’sthroat. The father fell, The
mother and. Jolinny ran from the room
into the hall. ilarry followed them. Ris
father, serambling over the floor on his

hands and knees, with the carving knile still
in his hand, reached after Harry. He chased
him out into the hall to the stairs. The boy
stumbled on the stairs and the man, lying on
the hall thoor, elutehed at his son's legs. Ha
could not quite reach them, The boy was too
frightened to m fora moment, Then,weak

 

and trembling, he drew out of thea way. The
father crawled back to the door of the flat and
fell across the threshold dead

IRELAND'S BIG WIND,
Blew the Paint Off Buildings and Drove

straws Through Oak Planks,

T'vom the Concimnate Enquirer,
dan 6, was the sixty-first
anniversary of the “big wind in Ireland.” ‘There
have been other big winds, but there never was
one that equalled the first oue. Births, marriages
and deaths are fixed before and after this big wind,
and there never was a true born Irish man who
has not heard of the “night of the big wind.”

Many tales have been told about this hurricane

Last night

 

 

  

Sccording to the relat it came up about 9
o'clock at night it ihe a summer breeze,
bitin avery short time it bevame furious, 8 me
of the siniyve people of Lreland said it was the work
of the faines, who had become displeased at the
people, So they crawled under the bed and low
eTed themselves in wells te escape the fury of the

elements. Phe nest morniiug they came out to

  
   

      

 

 

      

    

see What the Yairies haddone. J hey said thes
found that every h ckoinm Ir nd had blow
down, ‘They found that straw had been driven
through oak boards as clean asa carpenter would
aris a nail wd th Are some whe declare
ihata ‘as ‘ rhit had hes low
seven miles [rom iis re 2 place hes four
mit the waters had been Lashed tate such ternhle
state that huge whales were lying upon the shores
f the lakes ti that s » and stall fish
we ind in the fe es from ther home
mn the 1 Phy Lofthe seilors who
became hed, and landed on the back of
4 whale coved an island, and the wind
carried id sad > lo & b.ace of safety
Every the publ eS Was Sto yped
and the ewothe en the boats
anchored wharves st AN ounce of
enti st on 4 K rhe people whe
ren is ter te carried the
words the woights and Lords from the seab
bards a “f ! i im. roof the Queer
‘ hie ' nN and they se
t I ity ie tithe barns. lea
‘ . ' came fr
d from Mi
t hye lert ! ! is ‘N Uniles AWAY on
say * hel th the he hes and schoolhouse
‘ ey er clattered before, an
ehickens wer the best morning without a
feather in ther
Leaves were found driven into the trunks
the tree and rn Was nd cleaned from = the
cob on the stal (nher ter e things happer
rit he vears agar me (the big wir
‘a .
"THe sUN* A= A REAL ESTATE
ADVERTISING
and News moedin ‘ better meet your ra
quirements than any other publleation, raach-
Ing as it doos people who have money

 

r
jnvestinent, and supplying each day a
hews Available of interest to those et |
in the Realty Market,—do