a Se

 

'
|

   
 

  
   

  

BRITISH ARMY DEFECTS.
AOME REASONS OF Tae DEFEATS IN
SsOUIM APRICH,

pat Superiority of the Boer Artillery Tne
decision In the Natal Campaign: Lack
ot Generalship at) Modder River Ad-
vantages of the Boer os a Vighter,

Lonpows, Jan, 6 =For the most bart, the
war narratives that have reached us durlog
the past week retell the thrice-told tales of
Ladysmith, Colenso, Modder River and Magers.
fontein: but there are also points to be noted
which will enable those who follow the war
with interest to judge of what may bo ex.
pected, As the disaffection in Cape Colony
does not seem to spread so rapidly as was
feared, Ladysmith still remains the point on
which most attertion is fixed, The question
of artillery in this siege is tho subject of much

 

 

 

 

comment, and furnishes the critics of the War |

Office with one of their ehlef complaints, On
Novy, 12. (I use details given by the Slandard's
correspondent) the Boer circle of nearly twenty-
four miles was held by twenty-two guns, pro-
tected by thick parapets. The English Ine of
about eleven miles was held by more guns,
but. as the correspondent says, the British
fleld artillery, thirty-six guns in all, is useless
againstthe Boer long range guns He writes:

“Only five of or guns can reach the enemy's
guns of position, These are the naval pieces,
whose ranges vary froin 10,000 to 12,000 yards
Had the Boers cut our railway communication
before the battle of Lombard’s Kop, they would
Dave had us at their merey, for we should have
been without long-range guns, Our fleld artil-
lery would have been powerless. This is one
of the lessons ofthe campaign, We must re-
arm our artiliery, Quick-flring guns, long
ranges and smokeless powder have revolu-
tlonized the eonditions of warfare, Guns of
longer range and longer timesfuses we
must have The present governing factor
of safety must be seriously cons tered
and reduced. Our equipment must be
lightenel These are essential changes.
If they can be made without sacriflee
of mobility and shell power, so mueh the
hetter: but madethey must be, unless Wwe are

to run terrible risks in the first encounter |

with an active and enterprising enemy. Ex
cept in reconnolssances, our fleld guns are
’ Insets The fault

 

useless as long as the siege

lies not with officers or men, But they have to
face fearful odds. The Boer shrapnel is fused
for 5,200 yards, whereas our fuse eeases to be
effective at 4,100 yards. At 5,000 yards, the
length of the proba! le rectangle of our guns is
106 yards. At4d,oo0 yards jt is only 40, +o that
within this critical last thousand yards the ac-
curacy of the guns is so reduced that the length
of the probable rectangle is increased 225 per

 

 

|
cent, The meaning of this will be clear when Lb |

say that for Loo vards—or nearly three-quare
ters of a mile-our artillery are exposed to the
fire of a practically invisthle eneniy, without
being able to fire a really effective shot in se

defence I) other words, our guns Ww
never get within effective range oft Frerehor
German fleld battery, We must have a gun
that will shoot with mneh greater accuracy at

 

  

6,000 yards, and a fuse that is effective ard |

her this involves loss of
reel it and eons

quent joss of n y, in tion on wheeh
experts may Ye This much, however, ia
certain, Ourequipmoent is unduly heavy, Our

or 6.000 yards, Wh
shell power, or it

       

 

guns carry too mich weit The Couble

tenms that brought the Tweuty-litst Bathe
to Blandslnagte<a distance of fifteen or six
teen miles -had pot an ounee ie tin then
“The Boer guns are admirably served
doubtless by Freneh and German gunners, i
sisted by the Staats artillery Though th
have done lit damage, the shooting is, on
the whole, veryaccuriie, They have the latest
telescopic sights, as Well as some. ross-bearing
signalling system which helps to eluminate
errors of range. Theirerrors of direetion. are
practicatly nil, Our comparative freedom from
serious casualties isdue to the fact that the
enemys shells are not always pr
erly fused, that long ranges diminish
their penetrating power. and that the
material of some of their explosives is
bad. The projectiies are, for the most part,
segment or ring shells, with the regular Ger.
man percussion fuse, and the shrapnel! contains
300 bullets of steel or lead, The errors i fus
ing nay, in many cases, be neeounted for by
the readiness with which the Boers flre at
chance ranges, our practice belug never to flre
a shot exceptat ranges that are sure to be ef-
fective, Of the inferior quality of some of the
shella there is abundant testimony. One morn.
ing. while in the camp of the Irish Pusiliers, I
saw six shells fall wi hout bursting, while one,
after burying itaelf five feet in the hard
ground, blew back nearly a hundred yards

With reference to the poor quality of the
Boers’ ammunition for their big guns, another
correspondent shut un in Latysmith has
been amusing himself by making a calenla-
tion as to the numberof shells sent into the
town by the Boers since the beginning of the
siegatothetime of the denurture of his de.
apatehes (Saturday, Nov. 2 “The grand
total ia given as 2880, and of that number
1070 went into the town itself, SUO) were
directed at the naval batteries, and the res
maining numbers reached th 1iff nt camps
Vaking the largertyne of shells thrown by the
Boers and the smatier, and giving an averse
value of £17 10s, foreach shell, itis seen that
the monetary cost of the bombardment of Lady.
gemith to the Boers has. been about So0.000
Fight British eoldiers have been killed by
shells, or one man for every 885 shells [thas
thus cost the Boers (necording to the statistios
quoted) hetween £6,000 and £7,000 to killa
man in Ladysmith.’

 

 

 

  

   

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

Bennet Burleigh continues his criticisms
upon things in general, and tells the read
the Telegeap) what that paper ealls some more
“unpleasant tru After referring again to
“the total lack of reliable maps of Natalintl
hands of British officers,” the veteran war co
respondent suggeststhat the British “cordite
is inferior in ballisti ualities to the granu-
lated continental types of smokeless powder’
Then he proceeds to indicate what, in his yude-
ment, are the conspicuously weak features in
the conduct of the Natal campaign, These he
describes “indecision and want of mobility
when the troops tike the tleid

“Whether at Dundee, Ladysmith, Esteourt
or elsewhere, to the seaboard and DurSan,” he
says, “Chere has been a worrying too freque
change of plans, bs no means allof which were
rendered necessary by tho enemy's movenients
andsurprises. Work done yest: terest
has too offen been or fto be undone in th
course of the next hours Men have
been marched ont early and late, in’ all
weathers, to give battle, and after being
kep? upon the ground marche Lback to camp
without being allowed to fire a shot, As with
the infantry, soit has boon with the artillery
Tn two weeks one mounted vahunteer for has
times! Nay,

¢

 

rao

 

 

  

   

 

 

 

 

¢

 

 

 

had its camp changed fl

there are instances where lnesmes’s tents

have been ordered struck, packed, unpacked,
reyitehed, struck, and soon again, twiee, yea,
thrice, within twenty-four hours, As to our
acquiredimmobiity, Ttappears thot each ine
fantry battailon requires nine wagons
eapable of carrying 4,000 pounds apiece, No
is that allthat is set apart for the transport of
their stores and equipment There are be.
sides these two Scotch carts, one watercart and

twoammunition carts, Atolerably long tray
these make, and, thevare setdown authori.

 

 

tatively as indispensatie, our rmiies af t
moveuntil they get them xcept PXeept
when elrenimstance alter cases it is for the
want of trianast rt, miore than allelse, thar th

operations of commanders are sad to have
Deen sadly hampered, plans abamtoned, and
successes in battie minimized or jost

With =o regard to the shooting of the two
sides, Mr. Burleigh says) that the English
soldiercan hold his own with the Boor as. fa
us the rile goes, “bat.” be adds. “itis their
guns and gunners Who have really astounded

 

  

 

every body eleet good positions,
move their cannon very smartly, fight
hart, and Aim with rare aecuracy

Happily. the bursting caalitles of their mis-
itfauit On the whele, of Inte
the Boerartiliervwoien fave shown themselves
qu as gov cendeven better can some oto
batteries, which we Were al honestly wont to
er without flaw and the best in the
These be unpleasant truths, butall the
more need that they be turned to account by
ourartilerists, [tis surely matter tor regret,
aod more pacticutarly at this juneture, that
Gien, Freneh’s proposal to cut his way out of
Ladysmith with most of the cavalry and a bat-
fery Was not accepted. An it had been, the
aponals would pot have been figuratively eating
their heads of in a besieged town. The les.
sons of the Franco-German war taught that
much. Andif they had been out, Gen, Cler
would have had a mounted foree strong
enough to have dispersed or cornered raiding
Boer nmandoes. Let this be said of the
Boor, he is an astute, courageous foe, Who has
in some mesnre taken time by the foreloek

tiles are quite

 

 

  
 
 

   

 

  

 
 

\ correspon lent, writing of the battle at
Modder River, partly makes clear the reason

why Lord Methuen galled it one of the “inost ;

trying in the annals of the British Army Ile
Writes,
“The battle of Modder River may be aptly

a | fithy deserited asasoldiers’ faght. There

\ tieians in books lay down as absolutely new . i
The

 
 
   

, '
infantry regiments equarely before a line of |

entrenchments, and tell them to go In and win,
The youngest newly-jolned oMeer from Sand-
hurst could have threaded the regiments at
regular intervals before the five miles of
Boer entrenchments, and have jasued the
ordera which resulted ino the victory, It
is to the indomitable pluek of the British tn-
fantry and artillery, to their individual dogged
determination to make Modder River one on
the list of the vietories of the Kimberley relief
force that Lord Methuen owes the suecess of

the day. Por sixteen hours the battle ra ed
For sixteen hours on fa plain as bare of cover as
the dome of St. Paul's, the tafantry advanee
by the shortest of rashes in the sweltering

 
 

  

heat, to shoot—and get shot. Por sixteen hours |

theartitlery, Innocentofthat shelter whieh tie.

 
 

sary, pornded away at their invisihle foe. 7
wounded fell out, and were ininost cases left,

 

| for the streteher-boarers did. not dare to enter

the zone ot tire, Bach wounded man was mate
amark jor theenemy'srittemen, ‘The wounded
men were usefulforthe Doers-they took slaht+
ing shots atthem, and got the range perfeetly,
Our men fought splendidly that sounds trite
enough, bat no plata t ish word can possibly
deseribe the magnifleence of their behavior, A

 

 

 

| company Would advance a few tortuous paces,
{

adnan bere and there would collapse witha
gasp, afewshots would be fired, a) few more
men would double upand again the advance
If the streteher-bearers could not get to the
wounded they wore left til it) was possible to
rench them. Iisome iratences wounted men
were leftall nightin the flel The historian
who Writes a truthful story of the battle of

   

 

 

 

Modder River will have a strange story to tell, |
are ia gospel Stories of guides |

 

ifallone bh
who reported Modder River to be held by HOO
Boers, of aregiment sonttoclearthem and find.
fng 12.000! Of regiments flanking the enemy's
position and within a few hundred yards of his

 

{guns having to retire because they were

shelled by theirown artillery! Modder River
was an Alma,” ms

J.2. Robinsen, millionaire mine-owner, who
was brought upin South Afriea, gun in hand,
and who fought side by side with the Boers in
the Basuto war, and was for long the intimate
associate ofthe Boer leaders, has been com-
menting on the war as conducted upto date
He praises warmly the bravery displaved by

 

| the British troops in their charges against en-

trenched Boor positions, a bravery: which, he
says, can best be realized by those who know
what kind of man the Boer is

“The war.” he says, “has demonstrated that
the man with the gun, provided he knowa Low
property to handie it, is the foree that rules the
world. No bravery, however, great, can overs
come him. England has not yet realized,
and your generals refuse to understand,
what a man armed as tho Boer is armed,

 

and trained as he is trained, ean do

against the bravest men whotry to storm his
position. Remember that the Bovris taught
trom boyhood to hit his living mark, and to hit
jt inthe right spot) When IT was a small boy
a shota@un was put in my hands, and T was
eneournged to fire at birds. When IT got a
little older Dhad my double-barrelled hunting
piece, andas parties of us went out the elders

t |
would show me just where to tlre so as to pleree

 

the gt behind the shoulders when running
al f speed This is the training the Boers
have had, and one man, taught in this way,
eat snecesstully resist ahundred men whotry
to rout him outfrom an intrenched position, On
the other hand, twenty men who are poor shots
can bedriven from their position by twenty-flve
determined opponents

Asan example of what Boers can do inthe
way of holding a strong position by dint of
nship, Mr. Robinson
gives anexperience of his ownin the Basuto
war, Potyieterwas out witha scouting party
of thirty men, and found himself between
two large parties At Katirs, Four of the little

 

eourage and marksoian

 

; commando triedto get away trusting to their

well-bred horses, but only one got through,
and he eould not ke his way to the laager to
wive warning, Po t

  

eter and the remaining

! '
twenty-six men galloped for asmeall ridge, and

wetting there in time, at ones started throwing
Up stones in a se@iii-carele to form a rampart of
defence. Mr. Robinson goes on

“They hadon'ly raised the rampart two feet
high when the Kaflirs were on them. Potgieter
quickly issued his orders, The men had dis-
mounted, and two held the horses behind the

ridge. ‘Noone istofire until after me,’ the |
leader said Twill bring down the chiefs, so

 

many of yout tofireat the horses, and the
remainderare to shoot down the dismounted
1 When they get on their feet’ All the

 

Kaflirs were mounted, and they rote upto the |
| little band in apparently irresistible numbers,
| the chiefs. gay with their war plumes and

 

 

 

 

heavy with Kafflr beer, at their head. The
first body that had beon sighted consisted of
between fouvortive hundred inen, and a sec.
ond strong foree Was afterward discovered tn
the pea DPotgieter Jet them approach to
within eventvells vars and then f
low fel h ulter thief The
of hismen rangoouf, ancdall the hors f the
men ostumoled, shot) th ho the
The fire was so resistless that the

 

ving party edged off tothe rght sand the
lett, and made a el sin retreat \igain the
Kattire came on. ‘They were armed with rifles,
acd a namber of them kept unarifle fre at
the sides while the mounted. forces again
charged forward. Hat the result was only the
sume as before, Thes raw ott, their
ehigts exhorting ther of ail ther
torefathers, by the sds of Mosheshe,
te allow so punyabandtocefythem, As
hours passed ' ne rampart of
1 Whatlirs and around the
Boers Oneo tie g party got so close
that when t horses Were shot two of therm
plunged right over the | tl, into the Boer
horses behind, before they fell fead, nearly

 

 

 

    

     

 

) causing @ stampede among the horses of the
| seouting party

‘The feht starte tS o'clock inthe morn-
ing. By 2ovlock tive or six of the Boers were
so exhausted they deelared they could dono

 

 

| more Pheir mouths were parched, their

tongues were swollen with intolerable thirst
Pheir arms ached so that they eould hare
move them, and they were stiff! in every limb.
said: ‘We cannot flzht any longer,’ but
iughed at them Pat two pebbles in your

   
 
   

  

   

ths,’ he il ‘That wil vssen your

If vou eannot tle nyo more. lef me

wuns. Yoru t mdi

ott h Tints %
there ist esenyp ‘
then The flehting | -

ing, and thea the haflirs drew The Boers
quickiy k advantage the opportunity
rhe Wether one hope was to get clea
way, for ammunition Was raining short
if the KRafilrs surrounded them dug
nigght the wd bead Half their horses
had been shot bythe Kailrs, bat the hungry,
aching and thirsty men got two coach on the
wait | detour home

  

     

   

   

he horses and made ¢

  
  

 

 

 

They shouid have been back it elvager by
(} that might n! when they donot eo
though all the other ting parties return
We grew anni We organized relief parties
mdse wohunting for them They were too |
far awa avd the nd was blowing in the
Wrong wa so th > could not hear the
sounds of timng in the camp, We went out,
fring interyva \t lust they heard our
shits, and tiled bac When we eaime up

 

to them t Phoardly move, We pour
brandy down their throats, and cheered them,
welgotthemain. Bat owe bad no idea of the
vonderftal battle they bad fought They said
Hitle about it, forthey were too exhausted to
speak, Lt was only next day, when we came
up to the fleld of battle, and saw the great
numberot the dead and adving, that we Knew
what deeds they had done

After tolling this story Mr. Rebinson added

 

  

Porhaps this inet tent will help you to re
what sortofiighters the mon of South Africa
ar Yor agaiostsnch coen our generals have
hindly hurted their int shot down

 

 

 

hike sheep, The madness of it! O see SO

much courage | ny British troopa thrown

awa and for nothing arall Wedo the

nodamege. Upto now their losses have
finitesit |

The acres the Boer tgures of their own
ssesas substantinily accurate, “Por,” as he
says, “what damag an our soldiers do,
charging up a hil hinstan invisible enemy?
Keven ourartiiiery flretuthicts very little loss of
hfe, T believe The Boer trenches are made
learged from the Basutos, like

 

 

after a manner l
aqgreatsS Jt is impossible to havea raking
tlre down them, and unless shells fall directly
inthe trenehes, whien is very seldoin, they
do comparatively littl damage IT am alao
eonvineed that all the estimates of the Boer
strength circulated ho o6this|©6 Country. are
great exoggerations,. At the outsice lie
eluding the mereonarios and the reeru the
Boers have not, Po beiieve, more than thirty
thousand men in the fleldat the present mo-
ment Vhis is exelusive of reeruits from
northern Cape Colony or Nata It is their
mobility that vives them the enormous advan.
tage overus, Take one tilustration, They had
their forces on the Cape border ready to resist
us, expecting, as all who knew the eountry
made sure, that the three British army eorps,
under Methuen, Gatacre and. French, would
ove simultaneously into the Pree State, Hal
hey done so the Boer armies would have been
scattered amourtroops could have marehed
avoiding their strong hil) positions, and gone
righton to Pretoria, We woul! have captured
their eattle and have fought in the enemies’
country atthe enemies expense, AN IOVAsion
of the Cape Colony wou d have been impossible
fostead of that, the Boors were allowed to seize
the bri sacross the Orange River, to sweep
over the country far into the Colony, and
Methuen was s forward sione, bearing all
the brunt of the attwek. The Boers at ones
took their cue, and saw that we were giving
them the ehanee of their fighting our dtvisions
in cletan Viey threw all thetr strength on

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
 

 
 

   

——

hter as he waa, he could not overcome.

pet ier wo are fighting the Boer on his own
ground, and, semi-clvilized though vou may
think him, he had such knowledge of the veldt,

such power of moving about on It, that no |

other men ean equal,

“To put the matter priefly, if the present
tuetics ure to be continued, the mere sending
out of Jarge numbers of ill-trained men will
not meet the case, unless we are prepared to
suffer an enormous lose of life The whole sya
tem of fighting must be altered, Tens of thou-
sands of infantry such as those who are now

golugare of little service, Their magnificent ,
) courage is thrown away, They ore not what

we cal erack shots, they lack mobility, all

fatal faults, When you have to face sharp. |
shooters intrenched In a_etrong position, |

What ia wanted isasteong force of irregular

horse, men raised at the Cape from the same |

elasses as the Boers who are now flabting
us, Some one from the Cane told me the
other day that this could not be done because
there is a seareity of saddles at the Cape

Saddles! Themen I mean would bring their |

own aacddles, and thelr own horaes, too, They

' are trained shots, and know every inch of the |
country, L do not mean the Joafers about |
Capo Town streets, but the hardy farmers, Tf |

Methuen had a foree of 5,000 such men help-
ing him, nothing would stop him on the road to
Bloemfontein, While hia army was attacking
the Boer front these irregulars would sweep
round, by a ford further down the river, to the
Boer rear. Moving with great rapidity, they
would seize the Boer horses, drive off their
cattle and render them helpless,

“The British soldiers are too dependent on
their commissariat, too slow, A Boer come
mando, the men armed with their rifles alone,
will take with it sufficient food for four or five
days, each man carrying his own provisions in
saddlebags. In that four or five days the come
mando can with ease cover 150 miles, a dis-
tunce that infantry woul! require frou twelve
to fifteen days to cover. This Boer war will
lead to the revolutionizing of European mili-
tury methods, and the hope of its speedy end is
the liberal use of properly selected irrewular
horse. There is no question butthat, as I said
before, the rifle and straight shooting with ap
eye to judge distances, in conjunetion with a

powerful artillery foree, will supersede allother |

Weapons of wartare, Tha man, however, who
carries the rifle must be a smart rider and able
to handle his horse in the same way as South
Africans are taught to handle theirs,”

OPENING THE PORTA SANTA,

Impressive Ceremonies With Which Pope
Leo Inaugurated the Vear of Jubilee.
From t ¢ Tablet,

Numerous contingents of Italian troops were
massed on the steps of St. Peter's, across the
Piazza and along the colonnades. and the cere
mony which has been performed for six centuries
in the midst of a concourse gathered from all
Christendom was wituessed by a few hundred
privileged spectators. The portico had been con-
verted into » kind of equivalent of St. Peter's
The immense doors before the statue of Constan
tine were first half open, then entirely open; trib
lunes were ranged on the right side of the passages
draperies hung on the left; on the right side of the
portico as far as the central door were tribunes

 

in double rows; the walls of the south end were |

filled with tribunes and in the extremity was the
band which was to render the processional tune
known as the “Pontifical March ” Only the pilas-
ters were decorated, their decoration consisting of
draperies of red; the doorways giving entrance to
St. Peter's were hung with severe and simple folds

| of silk and velvet

Between the third aud fourth doors, counting
toveard the north, was the Papal throne, a red dais

 

decorated in gold, with the arms of the Pope often
repeated, a banging of white silk with the golden |

roses of Jubilee, a chair of perfect whiteness, and
above, a tapestry of the time of Pius VIL, after
Raphael, with the descent of the Holy Ghost in
glowing tints. Even the Bull of Boniface VIII
was covered with the bangings of the throne; but
over the Holy Door were visible the commemora
tion inseriptions of other openings; then in the
hext Space a tapesiry, identical as to style and
period. of the meeting of Jesus on the way to Em
maus, oppostie to this another, identical as to style
and period, as Was also the fourth, of the Adora
tion of the Kings; opposite to the throne an ex
cellent copy of the Annunciation by Barocet
When the procession entered the hall the chour
of the Sistine began to sing, upward of an hour's
waiting while the procession thronged ints the
precinets, and thea the “Pontifleal Mareh™ eon
tinued to rng from the south, it was the first
time most of those present bad heard it wethoat
a drowning din of aeclamations, it was wanting
In martial ring too solt at times, mover bold and

quick, vet always resonant @ma stitring, filled
thus tobe the triumphal niusie of the Viear ot (he
Prince of Peace \tlast iis soit tones gave way

   

Sty the buovant musie of youthful voiwes loud

upon the eold ait and the flaheli: were seen way
ing under the immeise canopy of salver aud gold

 

The Pope was enterme, the last of the clergy of |
Home, vested imcope and pontificals, and wearing |

he mitre With mans and loug beltings tor
blessings (he procession advanced and reached
the dirone Fr spe descended and welked up t
the taised p Where he was visible Go roughout
we portico ‘The prayers sung were not loog,
he tose trom his seatror the third time and des
eended briskly tog toward tie holy door
Mounting the steps leading tort hea
verse “Aperiic milit porias jusiitiae, a
three double blows with the mallet while t
responded, “Inugressus in eas confitebor Domins
Again, intomng the verse, “Introtho in domum
tuam Domine,” to which the choir responded

 

 

  

ned the
truck

 

 

 

Adorabo ad iemplum sanctum tuum in timore |

‘bao he struck it with strongerand more resound

ing blows. Finally, tntoning the verse, “Aperie
mint portas quoniam nobiscum Deus,” to whieh
the choir responded, “Qui fleit virtutem in Tsrael,”
he struck it with stil stronger and more resound

ine brows. ‘Then he retuened to his throne while
the blows of the Sampietrint resounded ano the
eavity within, The door creaked and cracked

resisted even alter the opening of a great scissure

eod finally disappeated asa whole one machine
especially contrived for the eceasion ‘The Pen
tentiaries of St. Peter's washed every part of the
portal with sponges soaked in holy water — the
bells rang a testa, tirstat St. Peter's, and then at
every church in Rome, aud the Pope tose aad
Intoned the verse, “Domine, exaudi Wationem
meam,” which followed the prayer, “Actiones
nostras, qugesumus, Domne.”

When his Holiness had resumed the mitre and
his seat Don Lorenzo Perosi gave the signal for a
beautiful rendering of Palestrina’s psalm tone
unheard since 1825, “Jubilate Deo, omnis terra
Phis sung, the Pope intoned the verses Haex
dies guam feet Dominus: esultemius et laetemur
mea Beatus populus tuus, Demine™; "Qui seit
in dubilationem"™; “Haee est pe Dominik justi
Mutrabnat per eam’; “Domine exaudi orationem
nieam.” and sang the collect “Deus, qui per Moisen
nulum tuum” After resuming his mitre he
tthe throne, advanced toward the holy door
ith the patriarchal eross in bis m@ebt band and a
lighted taper in his left, knelt on the first step and
intoned the Te Deum in a low and musical voice
Phe ftiest verse sung by the choir the people en

 

   
 

 

 

thusiasticaliy took up the singing, while the Pope

se and slowly moved through the holy door

followed by bis deacons, Cardinals Macchi and |

inhuber, the Cardinals, in order of precedence
hone Missing the portal, as did all who followed
vely. the members of the regular clergy of
ye, the members of the secular clergy of rin,
the members of the Papal choir

The Pope stopped in the Chapel of the Pieta
while the procession filed before him as he rested
wy the throne: then he received the senior guards
ans of all the confraternities of Rome and entrust

 
 
 
 

  

  

led to their corporations the wardship of the holy |

door eautime the public was admitted — by
tiehet through all the doors of the Basilica, and
the open spaces were soon filled with many thou
sand persons. the entire line of chapels on the
right being closed off with red draperies, As the
procession started within this closed space, the
numerous societies ranged inthe north transept
prepared to receive the Pontiff} and when he ap
peared while the Pontifieal march resounded
this time from the ordinary tribune— the nundred
aad fifty standards were lowered in deference
The coup dail was splendid as the procession
passed around the shrine of St) Longinus, the
entire clergy of Rome, the prelates ino white copes
and mitres, the Pontiffin glistening gold. silver
{| white wearing the tiara borne aloft on the
ye tatoria under the ample canopy. the full
ligt tof a clear winter noonday pouring down from
the cupola on the gorgeous confession and the
forest of many-tinted standards. The acclama
tions ended) while the sedia rested on its red
draped structure immediately in front of the con
fession gates, the Ponuff read the formula, the
private almoner. Mer, Costantini, holding the
wok, and the Bishop of Potosi, Mer Montes de
QOvca, the palmatoria At about 1.50 he arose and
gave the solemn papal benediction in triple form

  

 

 

von read the Latin and Talian bulls of indul

  

the Basilica amidst 9 tontling ove

\ Barb- Wire F

From the Cinernnaty Enquirer

jon

  

 

 

ce Telephone System,

ANDERSON, Ind, Jan. 7— One of the most |

unique telephone systems in the country was
put into operation here [t is a long-distance

line between cities, and the wire is the upper strand }

of the barbed-wire fence. The line is twelve
miles long, connecting Anderson, Pendleton,
and Ingailn, and will soon reach over to Green
field, a distance of fifteen miles. Only the top
wire is now used, but within a few weeks all the
six wires of the fence will be in service, and the
system, though apparently ridiculous in concep
tion, will be complete for all practical purposes
and a money maker

The system is the project of Cassius Alloy, of
Pendleton. He found that the farmers between
Pendleton and Ingalls had a continuous line of
barbed: wire fence, save for a few short distances,
that he could easily span, and soon the line was
complete. A factory at Ingalls and the factory
office at Anderson are connected, likewise two
stores, one at Pendleton and one at Anderson.
Other places will be pul on the line right away.

joi. ie Kenora ship required to place adogen |} Methuen, astrength which, brave soldier and | I'he system works splendidly.

-

  

 

the one in the eastero and southern distrets, nom

renewed acelamations over, the Cardinal |

nees, the sedia gestatoria was again put in |
motion, and the procession left the public part of |

 

THE REPUBLIC OF PERU.|

RECENI MISFORTUNES OF TUE
LAND OF THE INCAS,

 

 

Effects of the Disastrous War With Chill |
Still Belt The Country Farther Ex. !
hausted by Internal Dissensiona-Possl |
ble Asiatic Origin of the Indian Popular |
tlon-Present Needs of the Republic. |

  

    

LIMA, Peru, Dee, 20.—The occupation of Lima |
by the Chilians in 1481 marked one of the most)
prominent events ino modern Peruvian history. |
A short sketeh of this period ts vecessary in order }
fully to explain the conditions existing ino the |
Jand of the Incas after the war was ended, and |
to account for the Various developments occurring
in Peru during the last decady of the century

The close of 1880 found Senor Nicolas de Pierola |
in power as Dictator in Peru, President Prado |
having left Ure country for Kurope a short
time previously on pretence of purchasing wart
material for the equipment of the Peruvian Army
and Navy, Pierola, assisted by Gen. Andres
Caceres, organized an army of 26,000 men, with |

 

 

4a reserve of 18,000 men, for the defence of the
Peruvian capital. A) line of fortifications was
thrown up, with the town of Chorillos as the cen
tral point; and a second line constructed with (he
village of Miraflores as the base; both the outer
and the inner line of defence were defended by
artillery mounted on commanding positions
Pierola and Caceres were satisfied as to. the
Security of the position, and regarded the ex-
pected Chilian attack as little short of madness
doomed to failure, On Dee, 21, 18380, the Chilian
forces, numbering in all some 25.000 men under
the command of Gen. Baquedano, landed a
litde to the south of Callao, On Jan, 18, 1881,
the Peruvion first line of defence wy ttacked,
and carried after six hours of severe fighting.
This affair was known as the battle of Chorillos,
and in it the Chilians lost 800 killed and 2 500 |

 

 

 

wounded; the Peruvian casualies were 5,000
killed, 4,000 wounded, and 2,000 taken prisoners. |
On the day following this battle efforts were |
made by the foreign diplomatic representatives
in Lima to bring about negotiations for peace,
but without suceess. On Jan. 1, at 2 PL OM,
hostilities were resumed, and the second line of |
Peruvian defence was carried after a severe
struggle lasting more than four hours, This
second encounter was called the battle of Mira
flores, In it the Chilians lost 500 killed and
1.625 wounded; the Peruvian casualties were
3.000 killed end wounded

Lima was now at the merey of the vietorious

   

 
 
  

arms of Chili, and oon Jan. 17 a division of
4.00) men, made up of ariilery, infantry and
cavalry, under the command of Ge Cornelio

Saavedro entered the city with instructions from

 

the Chilian Commander in Chief to restore order
Within the municipal limits. Sener Pierola, Gen
Caceresand a numberof the officers and men of the
Peruvian army had retired inte the jaterior of the

 

 

 

 

 

country after the defeat at Mirathores, end in the
mountainous districts tothe sont vudeastef Lima
they set about organizing: further resistan to
the Chilian With the cceupatioa of Lima tt
Peruvian eup of humili vwes full Nor did
the conduct of the invaders in’ possession tend |
to mitigate the prevailing bitternes f feeling. |
In the flush of vietory the Chifian troops looted |
and pillaged in ell directions Lima was replete |
With art treasures, accumulated thr
centuries Small respect was paid t
or private property \ battghen { infantry
was quartered in the Nadonal Library, with the |
result that the magnificent collection of valuable
books and manuscripts was stuen or ruthlessly |
destroyed Orniments were stolen aud sold by
{ the soldiery for the purpose of obliging money
J to spend in drink In the Zoological Gardens |
were two magi ent specimens of Affican lous: |
ia Wanten spirit of destruction one of these ani |

mals was Shot, tae other sent as a trophy te the
Chilian eapital Phe valuable lruments for |
the equipment of the observatory at Lima were |
seized and forwarded to Clili, where they remoin |
at the present: time. In the cireumstances it is
small wonder that a feeling of intense animosity |
Ss id still exist amoug Peruvians toward their
(Chthan neighbors, notwithstanding the lapse
of nearly twenty vears since the events referred |

te ceocurred

  

‘he Peruvians formed a provisional gevernment |

  

soon after the Chil pation of Lima began

 

Senor Calderon w elected nominal President |
of the Republic, with Gen. Andres Caceres as |
First) Vice-President No desultory guerrilla
warfare was maintained against the Chilians
inti! 15838. Tn Nugust, 1583, the Peruvian forces

were defected by an expedith un sent against them

by the Chilhan Admiral Ls then an command
of the army of cecupatien The Government of
Chili then proposed terms of peace, aud wit

siipport of the Chiltan authorities a Peruvian

administration was formed with Gen, Iglesias as
President of the Republi \ treaty, kaown as

the treaty of Aneon, was th igned between

 

the Chiltan Government on the one side and Ge |
liglesias on the other By the terms of this agree. |

 

ment Pera was foreed ty cede un ditionally to
Chili the province of Tarapaca, and the provinces
of Vaena and Anca were to be oveupted by the

Chitians for a term of ten years, datiag from the

ratification © f the treats he end often sears |
& popular vote wes todeeide the finalownerstipof
t

 

)

listerritery, (he Government ulliingtely th posses
lon to pay to the other the smm of LO.000,000 5 les, |
equal toa bout $4,000,000 17 L nited States curreney,
Jiis treaty was provistowally signed iia Gretober,
1583, and the Chillan troops were then withdrawa |
from Lima to Chorillos. The tinal ratitieation
of the treaty took place in April, ISS4. and shortly
afterward the Chillan troops completely evacu-
ated Peruvian teratory

There were now two administratiocs in Peru

   

 

     

Inally under the Presidency of Senor Caldera
and in reality directed by Gen. Caceres, and ihe |
other in Lama, formed with the support of the

Chilians, and with Gen. Iglesias asitsebiet ‘bae |
Peruvians 1a the couniry Gisitiets feftised to recog,
nize the valiity the election of Gen Iglesias

 

 

carryiig on active hi ST Linas u

as the Chillan evactation was an accomplished

   

) far Atter some desultory fighting during the |

latier partol TSS4 and the first halt of tsod Greu

 

    

 

 

 

Caceres advatced upon Lina niin July of the
jalter voar a severe iiet occurred in acd about
the capital The followers of Caceres pr vi
torbous, and the overthrow of ( 1} iglesias was
| effected ie asst no both sides da this froal
fighting were soine three thousand men Killed aad

wounded \ provisional goverpment was then
constituted, and eonutiaved ty conduet pubs
affairs until August, 1486, when Gen. Caceres was
ceclared to be che duly elected President of the
republic, and he assumed office in thateapacity
Phe four vears from 1886 to TSHO under the |
direction of President Caceres were uneventful
The country Was in a thoroughly demoralized |
and exhausted cohuition irom the eflects of the

  

 

war with (lol, and the subsequent interpal da
turbances Phe Government hag bo money or
credit, and could effeet itd toward repairing the

misfortunes the republic had suffered. Order

Was to some eStent re-established on the various

departments of the Administration, and anattempe |
Was made to reorganize the ariny and police fo
In 1400 Senor Morales Bermudez was elected to

the Presideucy, with Senor Solar and Senor Bor |
gouo as first and second Viee Presidents, tespec. |
tively Politieal conditions eoutiued without |
marked change unil im April, Tstd, President |
Bermudez dicd suddenly a cew ta niths before tue |

expiration of the Presiqdeddal term jor which he
at
'
|
|
|

 

roe
roe

 

  

had been cleeted. Phe { essor ote the
vacant of a8) Vice President Solar Gen
Caceres, lowever, for persuval rea
Vice President Borg
dency, This brought about an er outbroak
ot revolution, headed by Senor Solar and assisted
by Senor Pierola, and the political section bn iw
as the Civilistas. tn July, 1804, Gen. Cacere
was again declared ts have been elected Pre
of ihe republic, and he assumed office as such
The revolution, originally agaiost President Hor
gone, continued agaist Caceres, aud gradually |
|

   

is, Hsisted on
os Assuming the Pr

  

 

 

 

 

 

rained ground Nt the end of 1804 the eity of
requipa was cccupied oy the revolutionary

) forces, and the outlook tor President Caceres began

 
 

ty be extremely gloomy In February, 1885, tie
insurgent army concentrated npon Lama, whieh
wasstrongly held by the Goveriiaent ¥ rforee |
of 5,000 men. On Marebh V7, 148 end ver
fighting took place, in whieh thea rate wun

   

 

ber of Killed on bot ies execeded
A suspension of liostiliies was ile )
by the efforts of the Britieh Consul, A. St. John
The finalresult of this struggle was that the reve
Iitiouary” parity under the leadership of Senor
Pierola obtained possession of the capital, Gen
Creceres embarking on board a steamer at Callao
and lea@img the country \ commitiee was now
coustiiwted under Senor Candin to admiuisier
the national affairs uatil sueh time as elections |
could be held Finally, Seaor Vierola, the Dne
tator of 1580, was ceelared to be duly elected i» |
the Presideney, and he assumed office on Sep +
&, 18

This constant turmoilofinternal dissensions had
given. Peru small opportunity to recover from |
the effects of the crushing defeat she bad exper |
ieneed at the hands of the Chilians in 1880]
The period of conmparative peace between 1486
and 1804 had helped somewhat to raise the spirit
of the population and industrial develooment
was beginning to make progress when the coun
try Was convulsed once more by the movement
acainst Caceres and for nearly a year unsettled }
conditions prevail contintn usty It was no!
sinecure. therefore. tac office to which President
Pierola succeeded. and ereat eredit is due to him
for the energy and determination be exhibted
in reducing administiative chaos to order and
providing for many of the most pressing needs

SHO men

au

 

 

   

 

 

  

——

iod of the national his: | tations of Inca relics are manufactured so largely

of Peru at this critical
! ca ! as to leave doubt as to the authenticity of the

Under Pierola t

country enjoyed four
years of almost z y

continuous peace, the public
more honestly administered than
case for generations past, public
Inporlance were
the Army was reotganized under the instruction
officials were
paid and the curreney Was reformed
ras to give the silver sol a fed
cireumstance
sources of Peru began to develo
production
Siradg up and the feeling with reward to future
Prospects became more cheerful on all sides,
attempt at a revolutionary outbreak at Iquitos
as promptly suppressed. and met with
ho sympathy in the republic generally
fresh troubles arose
» body ercated in 1406 to super
Vise all questions of elections and proelains the
became unruly
by dissensions in connection with certain electoral
Vierola saw
this condition of affairs
trouble promptly
This act was undoubtedly
but possibly the less of two evils

had been the
undertaken

Government

In sueh manne

Junta Bheetoral

Candidates

the country from
suppressed
the Junta

Certain mal
motives seized
Upon this action of the President to foment an
armed Movement against the Government
others made a
raised some bands of armed men

aud a few

had been one of the warmest supporters of Pierola

in the revolution against Gen |
considerable
has not responded

Caceres, and con

 

country generally
fo This new attempt to ereate internal strife
though defeated on several
eceasions when coming iv contact with the Govern
another rebel leader
also in the mountainous districts of the interior,
unable hitherto
revolutionary
practically no other effect than to
4 heavy additional expenditure upon the national

‘ transport and concentration of
an expenditure that the country can ill
alford at the present juneture when all the avail
Crovernment
naking and other necessary public work
‘ter to henedit the population generally
and assist producers es:

rond is sull at large

 

 

resident Pierola

power to Dr )
new President is of @ different mould from any |
of bis predecessors 4

He was educated
1 Stoneyhurst and King’s College
iS thoroughly

 

 

   

is & popular charac
important,

always been the
revolution in Peru has depende
and with Arequipa on his side President Ro
has no great cause to be alarmed at the at
overthrow is authority
civil engineer by profession,

He is quite
power to help Peru to remain her eredit 4

 

omplish his aims if the Peruvian
rot throw obsts I

rd Minister of Fomento for
his only connections with

he has not as

 

pol
President of the Republe

 

 

inhabitants

 

own way, but they take no parti | at that dat
| attempt has been
the pastto help them to une ]

ad ther mane

 

 

no further advanced

 

 

f the Inquisition

 

remain are apped in local

“ts sent from
inhabitants of

 

 

intelligently

 

establishmer
and Sparist

kind is esse

 

 

NoSpanish is understood by the working classes

education is far from being

 

immediate

 

rIndians as a work

 

cumin the producme p
ran Indian family needs land tpon
WSIS required
f the district allots a plotef ground for
but in retury
setiler is called upon t
the weel forthe owner with
peasant runs mito

 

rivilege the
ays or more
utpayment Th
debt for the few
need in cultivating bis patel |
ntinually grows mys
mwomiuch of it may
Phe father

Work three ¢

and this debt «
teriously larger
tf from time

 

 

nto liquidate the aecount

 

rst slavery

empting to
rof hiring them

 

 

LN QHILoOUsS Sy
ibuses untold
and powerful will escape with the smallest
is under this
pate small owner of a litile live stoek and agricul

 

 

this systematic
Indian population is to kill any thouglit«
held by these people
mplanted by the Spaniards in t]
and it has reduced a great
foindustrious human beings to the pos
fimere ciphers in the land where they «
Peruvians have :
painful lessons at the hands of the Chilians, but
se experiences palo into insignifleanee when
; compared (> the sufferings the
endured at the hands of the Spaniards and their
scendants
understand that the question of the trea
ment and civilization of the
from a humane point
would also prove

 

wople have

 

 

 

in all direct 4 industrial development

fill all present

 

ans are not savages, and they require
ihe experience

 

 

my be intrxduced, the erying necessity
1 for agricul
ural and mining work of Europeans and
i proving unsatisfact
recent experiences, will disappear within
ndingly improved
of the Quichua tar
ne deserving far greater

Vera will be corresp

Interesting

Quichuala lf
ut the present [Indian people of Peru are

 

 

 

of Quichn:

the ancient Chat

weoof the C
}

pared seve

ve Semitic tan
a mixture in which Hebrew and Ara
rnd this again broke up inte
se dialects

    

 

Inrigely ised

 

evnonyimeotls

practionthy
the following genealogical tree of the Quichua

endtoalesesxtent, the Aymara tongues

 

 

The work of Dr

oppreaching ¢ t
lished In the course of the next tew m
hiteresting 1

@ Written lang sitive value

 

 

\ssyriens and

m the Inea t

some idea can be
Pert before the era tne Spetish eon
ely resemble
{ the figures

this potters

 

   

had an esnet kn f proportion in the re

production

 

the elaborately
and vases are frequently artiste dae
heaunfalls

the specimens of «
ee meteries
the former owners
small degree with tadustrial ari
tures long before they came in contact with Eur

In the gold, silver and copper
ornaments the workmanship is net so fine aa in
but is nevertheless quaint in design,
Unfortunately, imi-

f Peru were acquainted t

pean civilization

the potter,
and not without

 
 
 
 

many ozamenee offered for sale. In some cases
these manulactured antiquities are deliberately
buried in some old Inca mound, and then due
out again as genuine specimens, The Quichua
method of counting isa curtous survival of On
clent custom. Like the Guarani people they
enumerate on bands and feet up to twenty for
the ordinary business of every day transactions
between man and mon, but in transmitting goods
to a distance a different: method is employed
With no knowledge of writing they have to con
vey the information of the quantities contained
fn the parcels despatehed This is elfecte | by
4 three stranded cord attoched to the goods. Some
bales of cloth arrived in Lima from the intertor
a few days ago. ‘The invoice consisted of a cord
Ged round each parcel, ‘The three strands knoied
together showed the number of varas (yards),
then the knots on two strands only the number
f half varas, and a sige strand knotted in
dicated quarter varas, Tn the market places
of the interior some quaint customs prevail, Pre
duce is brought in forsale and the vendor choosing
a convenient Spot spreads out nis wares to tempt
the buyer. A small portion only of each product
is expeased, the remainder being carefully hidden
awar in some capacions eevonins le. When the
exposed articles are disposed of the store in view
is replenished, but always in the same restric ted
quantity, the idea being that this method lends
additional inducement to the purchaser to buy
quickly

Lima abounds in interesting Spanish historical
associations, Inceed, no eountey in the world
is more faseinatng than this neh fleld ef Inca

 
 

 

relies taken in combinauon with the existence |

of evidences of Spain's former domination in the
immense South American continent, The mag
nifleont earved fronts of the dwelings of former
Spanish Grancees are encountered in neatly
every street in the Peruvian capital signs of
the wealth wrested from the former inhabitants,

| and Signifleant of the luxury end lavish expen

diture which were characteristic features of Span
ish life in Peru for some three eentuties, Some

| of the old mansions possessed peculiar privi-

leges. Inside the doors of several are found
cannons sunk in the ground as pillars and linked
by chians to bar the entrance. Such houses
were known as casas de cadena, and a prisoner
escaping from his guard and taking refuge behind
these chaos was in sanetury, safe for the mo
ment from his pursuers and legal process, ln
the shady Plaza of the Laquisieion the stranger
can rest uncer the wide spreading trees and cast
memory huek to the time, not affer atl so very
far distant, When men and women were burned
at the stake for heretical omnions. The Casa
dela Inquisicion is now the Congress Hall, and
Hext to this building is the old toriure chamber
of grewsome history In the main plaza is the
cathedral, a monument of solemnity and
andeur: side this edifices is the body of Pizarro,
lying ina Glass coffl a man who suffered thy
fate he had condemned so many others to meet
‘ to the cathedral is the street where the
conspiratoss against Pizarro assembled Ata
signal they rushed across the plaza aud entered
the palace. Pizarro, taken unawares, sought
refuge in the chapel. and there his assailants
hacked at him unul this man of blood and iron
was oly a mutilated corps: \ walk through
the streets of Tama brings to mind a thousand
such memories, for every bigh road and byway
Is resplendent with local color and traditions
thatde: troyeuge time has been unable to efface

To bark back for a moment te the political

 

 

  

     

 

 

} situation of the present day. ‘The question in

Poruvian intersational polines absorbing public
atentiod is the settlement with Chili concerning
the provinees of Taena and Arica, To Peru
this territory is what Alsace and Lorraine are
tothe Proneh \ popular © Should have been
taken in 194 to decide as. te Peruvian or Chilian
ownership. ‘The internal disturbances in Peru

reverted this course being adopted
the protocol between Chili and Bolivia,
rms of which the former country agreed
Lover the two provinces to Bolivia in case

 

 

 

Sines
by th
to ha

 

| Chitiat sovereignty was confirmed, touched Peru

to the quick. At present no solution of the diffi
eultv is in view, but the Peruvian pride is sueh
that the country is willing to make almost any
sacrifice to regain control of this southern sec
ton of the Republic Peru is bot strong enough
to go to war over this matter, had she been so an
appeal to arms would have been made before
row As the affair stands to-day Peru is prac
tically dependent on the good will of the Chilian
Government

TIARAS OF THE POPES,

Their History and the Jewels Which Have
Adorned Them.

 

Paris Correspondence af the Courter des Ftats Unis

The Papal tara is the same as the ancient |

tiara in use among the Oriental peoples, the Jews,
the Persians, the Armenians and the Parthians,
not forgetting the Greeks. Is not the tiara of
Saitaphernes in the Louvre to show us that” It
is at present beyond all doubt that the tiara of
the High Priest of the Jews, the cidaris, was orna
mented, as thatof Leo XT is now, with a triple
row of crowns. The greater number of these
tiaras were shaped like a sugarloaf; their char
acteristic feature was their unusual height

In the eerly ages of the Church the Popes had
no tiaras. It was not until the thirteenth century

| that the tlara with diamonds made its appear

ance. The inventory of the Pontifical treasures
made in 1205, under Boniface VIL, described
a tiara enriched with forty-eight balas rubies,
seventy two sapphires, forty five emeralds, and,

finally, with sixty six large pearls At the top |

was a gigantic ruby, and atthe bottom an enam
elled boop ‘That was the single-crowned tiara,
called St. Sylvester's. It was brought into France
in the beginning of the fourteenth century It
was used on Nov. 14, 1805, at the coronation of
Clement Vo. in Lyons. On tuat occasion it lost
the wonderful ruby that sparkled on its pinnacle
That was not. moreover, the last disagreeable
adventure with which it was destined to meet
From Lyons tt was to return to Rome with Gregory
AI, to goto Avignon with Clement VIL, then to
move into Spain with Benedict NIL, and, at last,
toenter Rome again, but, this time, ornamented
with two supplementary crowns

From the tenth century the tiara assumes its
full aceeptation Tis imposition is made with
great solemnity on the day of the coronation
The Pope receives iton the outside steps of the
Basi ica of St. Peter” The tara becomes the
pendant of the ferulein opposition to the pastoral
erosier; ites the symbol of temporal power, as the
mitre is that of spiritual power

The tiara of Urban TV. (1621) exhibited, accord
ing to Ugolino of Si

 

 

in its lower portion a
crown of which each notch was surmounted by
a pearl, and, inits upper part, it had a knob made
of a precious stone of an abnormally large size
lis bottom sccm to have been plaited of damasked
li was with Boruface VELL that the second erown
cam ‘This Pope was of a dominaung spint,
aod was not to be sausfled with the tara of Ing
predevessors, sat even the Pontiheal mitres
had nothing te cavy, in thatepoech, in the uaras
‘The fragments of Bod Milles preserved in
Perugia, a dell, an ed the following gems
twenty tour balas ribios, twenty five lange pearis
a mie hundred small oles; four goid roses each
‘
ones, as Well as four large and stigteem snail
pearls, then, dine rosettes, cach contaiming one
large balas ruby and four pearis; twenty-one
baias tubies aiid sevetitecnh fosettes with one
large and four smail pearls, caght rosettes with
forty three pearls, a wire of gold with tive smal
balas cubies and four pods; five ithe tells and

 

   

 

 

 

five Small chains Phe whole weighed & pounds |

8 ounce Whata jewel bos!

The Vopes of Avignon added the third crows
aud with them, the g ‘ral form oof the Ware
changes, from Homan itbecomes Gothic biow
ered crowns ate substituted for the massive
gemmed diadem It Was thes ware that the
Venetian, Pauldh, oruamented sosuperbly. This
Pope is catitled to @ unique place in the anuais
of ibe ar Paul lh, who was au estraordinary
collector and an artist, as well, spent several
years in making biniself Wo Gat.s of imcompara
ble nmehness and sumptucusness, TheArel
bishop of Benevento also oan oattist = and

 

 

  

a collector, Wished to rival lim with a mitre of

his coneepuon; but the Vope torpade him to wear
it, and anstrueted Michel Cahnesio and Car
dinals Annamot and Phit.deiphus toget bum
the rarestafjeweis. The flirstot these tiaras was
worth 50.000 Thocius, and the second 20,000 logs
Benvnuto Cellim has told im bis) memoirs
how Gus marvel wascdestroyed at (he seige of Rome
in 127 itis magnificent object was pawned
several times. ‘The Binisienton itto the Pont
8.000 thors, “ol Winch 2,200 were in currevey
andthe remainder in haagiags of silk and ot wool”
hestipiilated iverest Was cOpercent. ifthe loan
should not be repaid ino sik mouths. Loreuzo
the Magnificent alsoetfected a loan on this tara
Julius db pawned it with the Chigis, betore the
battle of Havenna, tor 10.000 florins in) gold
Ju 1505 Julius th had an eaormous balas ruby
weighhig 120 carats added tit. and above this
ruby an acon shaped pearl Yet in the seventh
year ol | pewifleate, Julius IL ordered a new
tiara, thet whieh bis contemporaries have cete
brewei as tie masterpiece of the Caradosea, the
Miltuese seuiptor, edal maker and goldsmith
Vii arvand this unequaied piece otf jeweiry the
artist placed Pows of precious stones of such ex
tra miinors Prillianey, di uted with such order
thatan author: the times ceciares that “it itis
peroussible to compare divine ihings to human
thiugs, To wilt sey that not otherwire does the
colestial Vault Appear when it shines resplendent
with planets and star This tiara cost, ac
cording t> the testimony of the Pope himself
more than 200,000 ducats, which Would be about
10,000,000 cf franes One emerald trom this tiara
that which was added to it by Gregory AIL,
came tu the museum in Paris Lt weighed 440';
carats. Confiscatedin 17s bs Che Commissioners
wotne Freneh Government, it was sent to Paris,
tothe Museum of Natura: History, to fgure there,
Dotas anh Fical souvenir, butas a mineral
cal specime It was thus exbilited from 1
ty 1805, when Napoleon liad ii taken out of the
Museum, giving orders thatitshould Le set inthe
ara wiica he offered to Pius Vil In JA the
tiara and the emeraid were taken bs force trom
the sovereign Ponti! by Gen Rave. atthe same
tme thai the Fisherman's Ring was taken. Th
were not restored ty the Holy See until 1814
Since theu they have never leit the pontifical

  

 

 

    

 

 
  

 

 
     

 

 

 

 

 

treasure,

ning one large balas ruby and four small’

  
    

  

SS ee ne

HAVANA’S DAY FOR GIBES,

AN OCCASION WHICH FOLIPSES ALE
FOOLS TAY BOR LYING,

The Newspapers Permitted te Join in the

Pon of the Dav of Tnnecents ea
ucha's’’ Faked News and Yoony Pheosts
at Americans and Cubans Not biked,

HAVANA, Dec, 28 Yesterdays w lL! pha

 

 

 

 

 

de Los innocentes, or the Day of Inooceut.. a festa
in the Catholie Church. Tt corr sin Cube
to April Foot day in the Cmitied Stites. and is
far inore generally of} served he pro the
| small boy are eclipsed by those ef his ven 6
grandfathe and the newspapeta 4 darkly
join in the celebration with a ferdbity of fooling

which makes foreigners eimit that the Laon
sense of humor when understoad is werthy of

| profound admiration, On be! dia de Los Diio

centes the press has every Liberty short of down
right scandal, No puble man is sefe from the
Sharp jests and sarcasm of the Calan and spanish
journalists. Tf a victim were to get ry and
want to fight a duel he would be laughed out of
public life. In sporting parlance he mest stand
the gat! He must grin and bear on this aay
what on the day before would have caused aa
appeal to the code of honor

Of all the journalistic jokers this yeor La Lucha
waseasily inthe lead, That paper yesterday wae
| so honeyeombed with lies, seme of them so shrewdly
putas to make itdiMfoult to tel where the truth
ended and the lie Legan Various paragraphs
were scattered through the pages mixed toads
criminately with the legitimate news cud even
the natives were caught om Sawe of them, The
| unfortunate American with a stiol Norval:
edge of Spanish and an ignorance of the day a
| significance very naturally bit at them ail and
| when be had finished reso: bis paper he come
| cluded that it was about the Gewslest he Had seem
since his arrival in Cuba

For instance there was one yarn about Col
| Bliss who for a week has been trying to put @
large part of bis Custom Tlouse employees in
| jail and with considerable success, Groat ese
citement has been experienced amo toe Custom
| House building and the clerks through fear of
| their own ora friend's arrest have beer metaphor
ically speaking, standing on their beads Tienes
when they picked up La Lucha and read the
! following notice there was great perturbation,
joyful in some hearts and quite tic coulrary 42

 

ovhers
} Lastest News.
(By Cable)
NEBRASKA, Dec. 26
' The bizarre Colonel Saturnino Lastro lias
| been appointed Collector of Customs for the port
of Havana, Col Bliss having res#ened all duhcs
in any way connected with this cats
In Weir excitement they forgot that cable.
grams are not usually dated from Nebrasta and
many of them thought it was really trac Two
of the clerks who liad reason to doar that if Col
Hliss left they might lowe their places, which
were confidential, rushed to the Colonel, La Lucha
in band, to demand if it were true that he wes
going From bis point of view if was so absurd
that he saw the joke and put it ou the excitable
employees, Col Lastro is on the steff of La
Discusion and therefore was a just butt for La
Lucha's wit
| ‘The editor of La Discusion, Senor Coronado,
and his leading editorial writer, Juan Gauiberto
Gomez, the mulatto firebrand, were also made
to feel the shafts of Senor San Miguel's witin this
| fashion

 

“DIPLOMATIC. NOMINATIONS.’

Gen, Wood, who is a believer in order and
who is determined to sustain peace in this coun
try at all hazards, bas named Senor ducu Gual-
berta Gomez to be Cuban Ambassador at Be
He has olso named as Ambaesador from Cuba
to the Court of the Sultan of Marmecos Senor
Manuel May Corenado, the brave Colonel of cor
liberating army in order that he may be where
his affections and tastes naturally tale him, in
| consequence of this Senor Mendez Capote has

begun looking for three or four men of energy
in the suburbs of this eity ia order to ploce then
at the front of a great patriotic agitation with
a view to compelling Gen. Wood and his Govern
ment to fix the day, hour and minute in which
he proposes to pay the Congressional LO. t,
of April 21, 1805

To one knowing the turbulent policies of the
doughty Guaiberto and Senor Coronade’s pare
} uality for the black patriots of Cuba, the sar
casm of La Lucha’s editor is deliciously apparent.

La Lucha pays its compliments to three gene
men of prominence, whose polley has not always
been agreeable to Weyler's former organ. ina
litle column headed “Information.” wherein
usually there is news of the muni pal govern
ment. The first victim is Gen. Ludtow, wher
La Lucha hates most venomousty, It is very
gentle when itsimply says this

"At 4 o'clock this afternoon Gen. Ludlow,
Military Governor of the plaza, will explain t oll
those desirous of seeing it the magnificent plan
Yof a bridge from Havana to Key West, which
has been drawn by him

Next Col. Black, who has had some difficul
in keeping track of the straw men on his 4
rolis, gets this shot

Col, Black, who has charge of the cleaning
of the streets, will review this afternoon all the

sweepers and other employees of that department
} to see if all the men who draw salary reaily exist”

Then comes this one for the immaculate Per-
| feeto Lacoste, Havana's Mayer
| , yor Pefecto Lacoste, in red evening dress,

cut polonaise fashion, and preceded by the pelics
band will review to niughtall the ninas divertic
{ of the barrioof SanTsidro” (Havana's Tenderloin
' ‘The poliey of Lucha being notoriously patterned
| after the tendencies of the weather cock, its edit
| does not hesitate to take a sly crack ata former
minion of the Government it was bis boner and
interest to serve, the editor himself bein
jard born and bred) Under a headline which mos
| be freely translated “Thus he tears himself cos,
| La Lucha says
"The Fiseal of the Nudicncia
Marti, who performed such valiant service tot
Spanish Government for twenty five wears. |
| written ta Gen. Wood, saying that, for 4 ;
of delicacy, he does not think he should et °
in office. So he says farewell to his friends ard
} will sail in the first steamer for Spain. We wish
him a happy voyage

This is really hitting below the belt, forjobs are

excessively scarce and just at this eritteal ame

to call the attentionofGen, Wood to Senor Noval's
dead, dim past might be termed an untnendly

act, and yet Senor Noval will only fume. Itis
| wiser to so do

Thus does the vitriolic San Miguel have fun,

he being careless of all charges because he rides
) the erest of every wave @ journalistie cork on the
sea of politics, THe hes been doing it at the os
pense of every head above the fenee for twenty
years, and he has won suecess. When another
Dav of the Innocents shall swing around there
will be other heads to hit pereh e, and Senor
San Miguel will find an equal pleasure in doing it

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4MERICAN MULES MAKE TROUBLE,

|

!

|

| Many of the British Parchases Die on the
Voyage to south Africn,

NEW ORLEANS, Jan 12.0 While the Britih
Government announces that itis perfects

fled with ifs investment in American mates, and
will buy 10,000 nv re, men who have revurned here
| from Cape Colony declore that the mules have
| caused a great deal more (rouble in South Africa
than has been reported. Five Briti hips ore

on their way here, cilof whieh will be loaded y
mules. Nearly half the required 10,000 enimals
have been already purchosed, and eo Leow a per

 

 

chase atcene time | ent the price of mules up
$20 apiece, England having to pay some &200,000
J more than expected

The British are buying one special grade of

 

 

miles, known as small mutes Nhe larie mais
used on the sugar plantations in the South are,
their veterinary surgeons sav, net so vigor 1
tough, aliheugh able te haul burger toad The
small mule bought by the Pritt are t h ond
Wits, with mere vitality ¢ vthe burge «ive |
less linble te disease Ant e bought in this
country have been green that ic, they have not
| been broken vet and they seem to have d

some of the troubie ba Afric From the day
shipment of mues beran the British fiave bed
troubie with them They packed them 1

ly onone of the vessels id rermideratle proper

 

 

tion of the animals died da transi Another bt
developed glanders os secthos they fended in Ate
rica and either died or were killed ! quite @
| number of cthers died from the clin wd ine
sects of South Afric te which t ‘ bia
customed, But the Loaviest 1 , 1 oe
Corinthia. which laneed 500064 fr

ot Port Elizabeth. Ooner s e anit

find themselves
for thirty-one de
for the interior

on re, after tel ped
ys en a Vessel, t they made
ud the entire h tescaped with t
exception of eleven A reward been « flere
for their recapture by the Britueh authorities, t
without result, ond a herd of some tive hut

 

 

  

American mules is now woodering nieuw hie
(in the interior of Africa Thee los ue
quite certain that the 20,000 Amerikan ot

6hipped orto be shipped to Seuth Afriea fer
use of the British Army will net fi bart

) fresh lot will have to be ordered

Of the several hundred American piuie driv

| who went to South Africa ell, withies ry
ceptions, have returned "The wert ‘
Colony with the datenie f remaining ther
Hieving that it offered Gopportuniies te ¢
and pushing young me They f
tion there very bad ond ne prospes

| they all took advantage of theirs '
British Government te te wit

and they almest

| were hatshly treated cut

insuMcient and Uneatisfectore food, at
worked far too hard. The brit li ty

has expressed a preference for Amer ’
as well as American miles, but it wil nob @Oe
then