THEIR SMALL ECONOMIES.

WORKING GIRLS DISCUSS WAYS or

SAVING MONKEY,

Little Expenditures That Might Be Saved
-& Matter of Lapending Your Dollare
on Frivolities-Large Amount of Calou-
lation and a Very Small Reanlt Obtained

‘The gids with a fat brown account ook shutit

up with a sikh,
edly and mediteuvely

“ld ike to know,” she sald, reasonably, “where

all my money gues.”
The other girl was running lavender baby rib

bon through the week's clean laundry, and she

waved astrenmerofitin answer
“Hore ys some of 16," she aaid, “and your new

gsvare some more, and white skirtwin the

aneheth
laundry are seme more, and the alcohol for the
Clinfing dish

Oh. well. said her roommate, "if you dig down

to sheer nes
} won ler what becomes of my change, 1 mean
the bulk ofeach week ssalary=-bestdes the board.”

The other gin wrinkled up the footing properly

or te

double row of beading and through the watt
and se laid it away in @ drawer she came to
ee sl

[think] know,” she said, “I've been thinking

 

at Litfor some time, too, I've got to do some-
thin Four dollars vanished away last week—
after] had given up the theatre once, too When
L tried to remember for what it went it all seemed
Necessary enough, but none of it really was. 1
know my money goes tliat way :

Let's keep a staet account,” suggested the
aceountbook girl

The er izirl shook her head.
{,) that’s all very well and business

a | ai
hh but omedy comes toolate always, When
its spent a s spent

Lo inew it,” repeated the account-book girl,
fleomuy, “when its spent, its apent And it
alwaysis spent. What shall we do, than”

Make outa list of sanall economies,” said the
ol r rl]

Lhat seemed a sensible thimgt todo, Obviously
they cotild get ow withoutany number of things
f I ip n steit. And it would
be sp intich easier systematically to deny one's
self small thinks iteare very much about,
or the sake of the] e Gangs for which one did

care, ‘The pencil we nuded for an auspicious
bewianing

What first” a ' the girl with the account
book

‘Well, let's take that fowr dollare I told you
about,” said the one who suggested it TI have
remembered A ibatiant, and T have ftemize!
the things it went f I dare say you spent |
four dollars or more just like thin the same time
I dare say every woman on a salary did the sam

the average self supportlug

 

thir

 
 

farther on at the end

 

  

we
1 \ ir t A s ’
ahi nlotaf behind her, and times
which she prides herself are prood) experiences,
\n u l many more things
1! he bean the r with, useless and not
Hut she has not saved much money, and thatis
bh ven if she expect be married thea next
cans Then itis even worse,” said the girl, witha
shadowy smile that { either forward or back,
as might be, for aif » couldn't save her own |
money, She can tsave hi
said the one who wanted to economtze,
nibbling her pencil disconsolately, “Idotry. You
knowl rs And | save and save in big things,
and sulll don't get on
Now re is a story of litde things,” began
the roommate, searching through a tumbled drawer
for a bit of crumpled pasteboard “I figured it
n the elevated,” she said, untolding it, “and here
is the story of that four dollars -all the things it
went for, absolutely indispensable and absolutely
-unnecessary! Seeif they aren't now-—choco

late and macaroons, first, 80 cents”
“Ye--es," said the econonust dubdiously, “but

ndtaking Uatotl altogeth r?
woabout this four dollars,"

  

would you recom

I'm te

 

\

il, ung )
ahe wenton, “acd Tmust admit that that was vo
necessary Next, polishing shoes Uree Unies,
W@W cents Now a botile of polish would east ou
cents, and Jast three months, ‘his adopuon of
bootblacks by women who wear thick soled shoes
is an ctfeectatiou and anextravagaticr,’

mented severely “Then two bunel

         

for Jane, when she weut away, 81,1
lass, Next, 40
white gloy

wore dark gloves
oui ¢t 48

   

 

 

 

  
    
 

Magazines, $0 cents; one would have done, and
one Was really all i i time to read My share |
of wood 4 1 * aud oysters, aweet-
breads, «4 i ’ What do
you think «of al \ f

“But,” cried lie mil a ated tore n closely
“surely y x wee ug wilh
Out the ¢

“Wel fa f it nid t girl,
“but, 1 yore t ‘ ating iso tnirs
last week, one for just us, and one for tw ‘
over-Uiter fig wer were lhey worth thatmiuch?
Why, I'd choose a matin wouldn't you’ J am
telling you what happened to tuis special four
dollars, besides, 1 thay’

“Three dol inted
the girl with the bseo |
hew you could 1 wet
along without ans

“Phat sentuuentis what does away with your
own money,’ said the ouber girl, sententiously,

*Yhen hairshampoung, 40 cents; manicun

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

   
     

6) cents and Turkish bath o0 cents—-ail of which
with the evcept f the bath, IT could have
done for myse tleast DT eould do them
much oftener than I ythem., ‘The other 24
cents Lean tremembe 1 1 think it probably
wert to sireet pian havinen aid Coe papers, But
when you adit Land downtown luncheons
at noon, and at iens treet-car fares a doy
and stamps and clothes, is it any wore at
we Keep Efile ye } li nt
sdlary?”

“Yas, and sti ' the girl
“still I don't se W elie f us can help such
expenses 48 Lies \\ nig! hee r twice,
but we wouldn't keep it up, we eouldn't Ani
Whats once oft Llove t «limyselfina
fresh pair of 1] it makes me feel ¢ i
and immaculate { ws the bough 4
nothing else can, at t to the roots of hair
And | simply ¢ tiive with my ‘Turkish
bath once is Kind if bare ¢ ized
at all you won'te up vour sel spect byonot
having your vals seured \nd if you have
to give up you Hingsdish, and your maya-
zines and your little ¢ tlesies of chocolate and
flowers to your frend weil, what's the use of
trying to play at beirur a social animal atal

“That's all very weil,” said the otber girl, “only
don't wonder where your money goes

“And as to wearing 1 retest things without
Tibbons in tiem,” wenton the extravagont person

indignanily, “and going without satehets im my
wrists, ard violet wat Ad Violet soap— weil,
I won't,” said the girl who wanted to economize

   

‘T wonder,’ said the other girl,” whether we | ~ es
| DEADIY FEAR OF HYDROPHORTIA,

couldn't fix up a list of other things—less yr
Pleasant things to economize in. Lid you ever
wash out your own handkerchiefs?”

“And dry them on the windows” laughed tha

   

other girl tolerantly:; “Yes, at sehool, Ll used |

   

1oney that way
nts lozen, isn't 10" enaley

to earn my caram
“Washing is 75 ¢

 

lated the other girl refloctively, “We beth use |

anyway Ahandkerchief acay~ there are six preces
$7 cents. To wash them in hot water and spre
them on the folding bed mi) rroris better than Urving
them on the window, And thay look very weil
if vou are careful about putting them UP Straight
and pulling out the edges of the lace, And vou
know one ourht always, really, to wash out one’s
own silk Stockings —say @ palit a week ata muid
@.imate—and there is 45 centy saved low
much do you pay for your mer ig”
“Pwenty-five cents,” said the economiet guiltils
“Good--and that makes 75 cents a week
could save! And then thera is the revenue de
rived weekly from us two by Maegie the m
for sending telegrams, and posting letters. ny
gir 7 to the drug store for stamps and bren
suppose we average two cr three trins «a we
for hetat lOcentsa tine ‘There is adoilar saved
vightaway. New th tisnt much, but itis worth
saving, isn'tit? If oniv to let one he manicured
and satcheted with a clear eonscience.”
The girl who wanted te economize tor kupa

   

  

 

 

 

   
   

   

 

   

bolt of new ribbon and went to work the ugh |

fully on her own basket of clothes

“I hate i'ttie economies,” she said, “T don't fee!
self-reapecung when I am doing them, And
T don't know, Tarn sure, whieh [ would rather he
without clear consel
positive that, washing out my own handker-
chiefs sericusiy—L should feet tke a eook '

“Don't do it seriously,” seid the other girl, “al
was pretend to 5 relf that you don't have to
and that you are Just doing it because it is, f r
the moment, expedient Just as you use’
monogrammed raper fore
when you would rather not, and walk f
when you would rather ride.”

     

 

 

 

 

 

competition,

 

the work a
the element

 

 

 

| company may lose its charter,

| there Were no sympfome ¢

, ehange

nee or self-respect, Lam |

une
ATY correspondence |
8

——

working and civilized at one and the eame time.
“Think of the @iria in town,” sald the other

girl, “who are spending no end of money, Just |

As weanre, on litle nothings they get no real good
from, and no proportionate pleasure, and then
who Ond themaelves suddenly without the mone
they have an unexpected opportunity to Inver
I tel you, ft te iltile economies that make the
self-auppording woman «a aticcess quite a@ mur h
as berown ard work, And | am polng to prac:
Uoe them,”

‘Weil, let's begin,” sald the girl wlio owned

the account beck, “You help me, and wae will

No more chocolate or violets, truly.”

 

} beg a
"AY . srchiafs,” wald he 1 te,
end sharpened her pencil, crook= | And the handkerchiefs,” aatd her rcom mate,

“Tthink IT sbail get mine done right now.”
“Oh,” sedd the girl who wanted to economize,

“Mine are all done up ready to go to tha laundry, |

to-nigit, Twill next week,” be added, putting
away the fat account book, = “I dv so distrust
sudden reforms.”

HME DPETUSTS ART COMPETITIONS,

James Brown Lord Says They Dovelop the
Mercenury, not the Artistic, Spirit,

The Society of Mural Painters gave a dinner

last nightattho National Art Club to & com-

essities, of course, Idon'tmean that | mittee of the Munielpal Art Society of Baltt- |

more, Thomas Y, Hayes, the Mayor of that
city; Judge Ieury D. Harlan and Judge
Thomas J, Morris of the Maryland bench, The

t cover, drew the ribbon through the | visitors have the decorations of anew $2,000,-

O00 Court House in their charge.

In the afternoon they visited the new Ap-
pellate Court Honse and the Waldorf-Astoria
to Inspect the mural paintings, Inthe gallery
lust night were a large number of photographs
of mural paintings {a public buildings through.
out the country.

Vice-President Will H. Low welcomed the

uesata, He said that much of the eriticiam
directed toward American painting epecified
that wo have nothing national delineated,
He urged the {dealization of the Potomac
and the Hudson as foreign artists
have idealized the rivers of their countries,
Ho surmized that the technical knowledge of
the society eombined wih the knowledge of
oval aims, traditions and conditions, might

ive Baltimore a very worthy court house, —

Justice Ingraham of the Appelate Division
compared the Criminal Court's Iding and
the Appellate Court House, The fl st. he said,
faa bad building thronghont; th new court
house ia perfect in every detail, Ho said that
in bul ting the court house the tundamental
idea of the “lowest bidder” had Leen over
looked, and he predicted that the structure
would mark a new departure in erecting
mouuielpal buildings

James Brown Lord, the architect of the Ap-
pellate Court House, spoke againatcompetition
in the seleetion of plang for any artistle im-
vroverment contemplated in public structures,

ie sald

“Lbad the opportunity, of which I avatled
mys. .!, of selecting the painters and seu! ptors
fc he court bouse without competition, and
here T must strike what may be to you a. dis-
eordant note; [ detest comperititions, I ta.
lieve that in all art work they are utterly

nh in my opinion they are the
tion of every art profession they
to, At times they may serve os the io-

   

 
 

  

cubnators of stil rn kentus, bute lL have vet to
live fo see any building born of competition
completed from its tirthday plana, and
[have yettosee the best resuitaof American

hatecture evolved from any eet of craw-

vase ected by means ofa competition The
} t wish to emphasize can be illustrated by
this—that when veh Of the ats was ile
forn lof he aeleetion the was most
noticeable=his enthusiast: sedtothe
utmost when t ‘early understoood he bad
been selected aud was not to be forced into a

recognize that there is such
A thing sa ‘the artistic temperament,’ and
to get the Lest that such @ lamperament

r

“We must all

 

can give, you must always extend you
supreme confidence, and this, IT) think,
ia Jargely t f the snecess of

 

 

8 building
been brought in

  

the mereens » spirit would

have been ar such result as has
been achieve 1 en possible,”

Two important ar hoviients Were made

at the dinner Mayor Hayes said that the

elty of Baltime Ie “fd to make avall-
¢

    

     

 
     

abie $1 ‘ W theoffer of the
Mu ipal rt iefy to give ¢ additional
$5,000, all to be used in the decorating of
tt Court. Hourt. This) sum i
he go hesatl George TI, Pe chi
te the bu the Depurtment of Jus.
tieeat Washington, sad that he intended to
have the nest mural paintings in Ameriea on

the walls of thet structure,

MINING SUIT LOK $1,200,000,

Charge That Property Is Being Neglected |

For the Benetit of a Rival Company,
Curvecanp, Ohio, Jar 13.—A suit for

  
  

$1,200,000 damages was entered t iy at!
Akron by Louis A, Richie, son of 8. J. Richie, |
on behalfof himself and other stockholiers of
the Anglo-American Tron Company against the
Anglo-American Jron Company, Stephensor
Burke, Charlies W Binghan, George G

Allen, A, \ Paget, Henry 1 Mo-

Intosh and Ella M Burke It is

alleged that the company owns nickel and |

 

 

   

copper ‘ands near Sudbury, Ont, of great riche
ness; that atabout ‘time the company was
porated in TSe, the International Copper
of Canada was incorporated ar
sseasion of other valuable copper
u Is near Budbury Nhe defend
an ntrol the Ang'o-American |
Company and also utrol the Internationa

mpany, and
itter and Conspired to keep
» American Company Mites

  

n Company undeveloped, it is Hable to
“J forfelted by the Crown and the

DiTS OF HY DPROPHOBIA,

One of a Score or More Persons Bitten by

Mad Dogs in Buffalo.
Burraro, Jan. 14.—Alvin Fisher, 18) years

old, of 6) Strauss street, died in the eonvul-
sions of hydrophobia at the General Hospital

yesteriay, He was bitten six weeks ago bya

mad dog while himselfand three companions
Were returning one night from a social affair |

n bast Buffalo. Fisher was bitten on the
thumb and each of the others wae bitten be-
fore they could beat the dog off. The wound on
Fisher's hand was cantertzed and healed and

 

 

if hydropho until

 
          

last Thursday Fis sonly one of scores of
people who have been bitten by mad dous
in kLrie County eines early lastsumumoer, One

of the jatest to goto Pasteur’a from Buffalo {ty
City Fireman William C. Wiekham of the Forest
Avenue Fngine Company, who was attacked by
amaddog while fighting a flre in the Chureh
ofthe Annunciation, at Lafayette and Grant
streets, two weeksag>, Although the quaran.
tine by the State Agricultural Department

 

against Erie County has been continued, anda |
re |

  

dog muzzling ordinance exists, the police
making no attempt torauise the one orenfo
the other

ree

Conrick Waa Bitten by a Puppy and Dread
Drove Iilm to Suicide,

Curcaco, Jan. 13,-An overpowering fear of
hydrophobla drove Frank Conrick, Secretary
of the Bullders’ and Traders’ Exchange, to

hunge on the seeond foorof the Chamber of

}

a memoberof the Builders and Traders’ Ex.
just before his death

« that caused Mr, Conrick's anxiety

   

The

» | Was A puppy not much bigger than his flat
| The little fellow was sick night before last, and

while Mr, Conrick waa trying to give him some
medieine bit him John Horsefleld, the ear.
penter atthe Chamber of Commerce bullling,
said Mr. Conrick ha id him thia morning

| that he was afrald the cog had hydrophobia,

and be could bot sleep for fear of It. Members
fthe exchange deny that financlal troubles

} had anything to do with the suleide,

MRS, PLIZABETH EVER EIT ARRESTED,

Literary Woman and Advertisemant Writer

Charged With Stealing Jewelry.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 13,—Mrs, Elizabeth
Fverett, a well-known literary woman of this
city, Was committed to prison to-day in default

j of $1,500 bail, charged with the larceny of

"Do vou know,” anid the hated itttle | diamonds from various stores in the city, the
sopnomies tt ntin the Meg negatallthatl | amount of her thefts, so far as ere know
pind being port nt travelling, aud not have | being $1,215, She wna for a long time editor

x vl \ ( A Ox alw Ay S Itisin little | of the woman's page on Amor Ing paper, and
waye- et Gore pene f he ms, mended | also wrote advertisements tora large depart.

ore, = Ne 3 » | ot me HS Veen » ment etore, and was well known in all the
Olice for the mall and wrung eee wn ed larwe stores. Lt was thus (hat she secured the

 

4 call-box {nstew! «f @ lock-hox, Which cost a
dolla? more @ month, It seems to me 1 ‘have
bega getting nwith a eal-box all my tif."
“You ought to be glad.” hegan the Y
ai? revere, Ie king about the: air ree
)h, yes, now Lought to he," she sald lig t
roiling up the ribbon, “hut who fs? 1 want sP ; .
box, and a manicure, and a hoothlack, and a
hansom, and violets all the time—and | suppose
t piwast shall Think of all the girls in town
whe ate contriving just as we are to be hard-

oe
EEE Teh eee SA ete RRR

Jeweis,

Khe was first arreate on ‘ast Wedneac
When she hada private hearing she eee rene,
that she had taken & dinmond brooch from
Wilmott's jowelry store, 72+ Chestnut street,
Khe was required to furntsh $800 bail fora
fuether hearing. Detectives were then put on
the case and they ascertaloed that she hac
stolen brooches and earriugs from. sever i
pores, and ° arrees of to-day followed.

16 Was/rreeted o
were Weand Mere umerous pawa tiokets

rhe een deeteen

 

| puspiclon just as he was ali

 

have worked the imines |

It in aliewed that the rival come |
$500,000 annually in dividends and |
ping the property of the Anglo. |

| Forty on the Blackw
commit suicide shortly after noon to-day. He | oo” .

was alone in the directors’ room of the ex- |

Commerea building, Washington and Lasalle | Den et Sauees Bt
| Streets, at the time. Some time ago he was
| bitten byadog., This worried him and he was
| In continual dread of dy{ng from hydrophobia,
| He was talking of thia fear to John Rawle,

 

PTs rae eee seat ae => sored

CAMPAIGN LINES FOR 1900.

SENATOR HANNA SAYS TWO ISSURS
WILL BY UPPERMOST,

They Will Bo the Prosperity of the Work-
ing People and the Retention of the
Philippines — Democrats Are Already
Stirring Up Strikes—Agitatore Employed,

Puirapenrata, Jan, 13.—The headquarters
ofthe National Republican Committee fo the
Hote! Walton assumed an alr of business this
morping. Chatrman Hanna, United States
Bevators Joseph Ht Manley and = Na-
than B, Beott, Kichard C. Kerens,
Henry U, Paynea and Col Charles
Dick were called upon shortly after 0 o'clock
by members of the Convention Association
preparatory to the visit to the Exposition
grounds in which the hall {6 situated
Chairman Hanna and Col, Dick, previous to
the visit to the hall, called on Mayor Ashbridve
in company with President Burk and Chairman
Shields of the committee that guaranteed the
fund of $100,000, In the conversation with
the Masor Senator Hanna said that it was
necessary that the aum promised should be
collected in at the earliest possible time and
put into the handa of the National Committee
for immediate use,

“The coming campatgn,” said he, “will be an
exceedingly vigorous one and it will be upon
two questions—the prosperity of the working
people of the United States and the advisa-
bility of retaining the Philippines, The Demo-

} cratic party is already at work on the former

question throughout the western country, It
has engaged numerous labor agitators to go
among the working people of the entire West
to foment as mach dissatisfaction with ex-
jating conditions as possible, The Renub-
livan campaign management is now meet-
{ng the agitators on thetr own ground by
employing men to counteract thelr induenee,

But it will be necessary to supplement. the
work they are doing with pamphlets, and for
that purpose we need the fund that Phtladel-
phia has promised to contribute at once, Edo
hot hesitate to say that one dollar now will be
eqiin! to five dollars three months hence

“The Demoerata are bent upon making
a most bitter campalen; it is their object to
create strikes and paralyze the interests of
the country, It is forthis purpose that their
naitatora are working throughout the West
and the only way in which we can meet
then ‘ctokeep the fact that the eountry fs
unpreeelentedly prosperous continually before
the people.”

After leaving the Mavor, who assured Sena-
tor Hanrathat he woul! doall in his power to
hasten the collection of the fand, the membera
of tha committea assembled in’ the re-
ception room at the Walton and from
there were driven to the hall, This they
examined and pronounced — satisfactory,
The changes that are to be made were approved,
the only suggestion made by the committee
being that more room be provided for the ac-
commodation of neweapaper correspondenta

Efforts were made to get Senator Hanna to
ray something about the candidate for Vive
President, hut he declined to talk upon that
subject. Senator Mantev sald he thought Core
neliua N, Bisa of New York would be selected
forthe place.

 

ARRESTED GREER “OV SPEC”
Spectal Officer at Delmonico's Thought the
Police Might Want THim,

Tlenry D. Greor, the suave, gray whiskered
individual who poses around town as @ jour-
nalist, and who uses thia occupation asa means
of gaining a livelihood by blackmail, was
arreated Jast night on Broadway and taken to
the Teaderloin police station, Special OfMcer
Henriques of Delmonico's picked Greer upon
ghting from a
street. Greer

  
 

Broadway car at Thirty-thir
protested volubly
Capt, Price was behind the desk when Greer

was brought in andtohim Henriques said he

n,asheune | : ’
| eat eities of the country ag surely as the earth

 

had arrested Greer on spe
derstood ha was wanted by Capt, MeClusky of
the Detective Bureau. The prisoner gave his

i} name aa Frederick Green and as his oocupas
| ti

ag journaltst
‘man educated man,” said Greer, “and I

 

don't see why PEsbould be sulveeted to this ine |

fignity. D've committed no offence and Lean’t
aeo how any chorge can te mode against a

man who has done nothing illewally.”

“What paper are you connected with?” |

asked Capt, I'rice

*None in parttentar,” sald Greer

While the prisoner was protesting at his ar-
rest Capt, Price called up the Detective Burean
on the telephone and asked them if they
wanted Greer They replied that they did

ao

’

 

 

 

 

There's the @oor, get out.” sald Capt.

| Priew, and Greer lost no time in making his

e t,

‘reer has recentiv heen hanging about the
County Court House, watehing for chaness to
threaten to publish the evidence in divorce
enaee Ar night he ean be found on upper
Broadway.

T/XAS'S POISON MURDER TRIAL,

| Mra, Holmes’s Defence That She Was In-

snne-A Man In the Case.

Darnas, Tex. Jan. 153.—The prosecution
finished its presentation of testimony in the
murder case against Mra. Carrie Holmes, on
trial at Brow vod fast night, and the defence

 

 

lawyers for Mrs. Holmes make her defence
insanity. Mra, M. H. Standiee, a resident of
Portiand, Ore., and mother of Mrs, Holmea,
testifled in behalf of her doughter that she
knew of no unhappy relations between her
and her husband, Walter Holmes. whom she is
recused of poisoning. She denied that her

 

‘ :
i} davghbter had ever made such a confession to

 

Mrs, Standiee testitled that Sirs. Holines
hac been in bad heaith for several years and
that at times she considered her meutally de-
ranged

Other witnesses for the defence teatified to
her good character. No effort wae made by
counsel for Mee. Holmes to upset the theory of
the State that ashe had given her husband pol.
son. Her lawyers intimated that potson might

her

 

 

 

| have been administered by mistake for medi-

cine

ihe Iast witness the Kfate introduced Inst
night was Mary Turner, friend and neighbor
of Mrs, Holmes, who testified that Mra. Holmes
confesse | to her that she had murdered her
husband and that she loved J, Fo Hamlin,
Letters were also introduced from Hamlin to
Mrs. Holmes, full of expresstons of love tn
which he insisted that he must have her for
hia wife, and said he would be willing to watt

    

i five or ten years if necessary. It is belleved |

thar taking of testimony will end by Monday
night,

WISSEL DENOUNCED AT HOME,
Queens People Don’t Like His Blackwell's
Istand Bridge Bill.

Property owners and taxpeyers in the bor-
ough of Queens who are interested in the con-
struction of 4 bridge over the Fast River do
not take kindly toa bill introduced in tho Leg.
islature by Assemblyman Charles ©. Wissel! of
that borough, Ata meeting of the Committee of

Valsland Bridge held in
Strack's Caaino, Astoria, on Friday night, Wis-
eel and his bill were denounced, Through his
8 to have the building of
the bridge taken out of the hands of
the city authorities and given over. to
A commission, One member of whieh #bali
be the President of the Borough of Queens

lt waa the opinion of those atthe meeting
that Mr. Wissel was seeking to make the build-
ing ofthe bridge a political measure andalso
to place certain wen in good berths, Hesolu-
tions were adopte 1 indorsing the action of
Mayor Vau Wyck, the Commisatoner of Bridges
and members ofthe Board of Publio Improve-
mente andthe Board of Estimate and Appor-
tlonment. ‘The resolutions aso urged As-
aemblyman Wissel to withdraw hie tf. Tt is
anid that all the legislation required is the pase
Aage of an enabling act in order to getthe work
uoder way.

  

 

 

 

AIR CAR HITS AMBULANCE,

Surgeon Was Working Over Woman Patien
When the Crash Came,

Dr, Graham Rogers left Bellevue Hospital in

an ambulance yesterday to answer @ eal! sent

from the West Side Court Prison, There he

 

| found Lizzie Wolf of 417 West Thirty-seventh

streot, who had fallen in a fit when she was
arraigned on the charge of being drunk. As
the ambulance was tursing off Lighth avenue
junto J weuty-el@hth atreeton the way back it
was struck by @ Twernty-elahth street croas-
town car. Dr. Rogers was working over the

| woman, who was dangerously ii, and he was

thrown forward with a crash, One of the
ahatta on the ambulance was broken, but Dr,
Rogers shouted to the driver to go on to the
hospital ifthe woman's life waa to Le saved,
The driver whipped his horse up again andthe
woman Was carried to the hospital in safety.

YOU PRACIICALLY RUN NO RISK,

As the chances are very much more than favor-
apvle tor Alling your Hotel or Boarding House
with desirable patrons if you place your adver-
tising ia THE HUN’s columns,—Ado,

seaeelapee earth diesdatinadiemenmenenee

> i~ew a ewe ~~. rere ees

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1i, iyv0,

| poke

| PATBIOTIOM IN PUBLIO sCHOULS,

Fourth Meoting of the Committee Ap-
pointed by the Grand Army.

ALBANY, Jan, 13,—The fourth regular meet-
Ing of the Committee on Teaching Civics and
Patriotism in the public schools of the State,
under the auspices of the Grand Army of the
Republic, Department of New York, was held
in the Assow bly Chamber parlors, in Albany,
to-day, This committee {6 appointed by the
Department Commander of the Grand Army of

the Republic of the State of New York, ‘‘to se.
| curethe beat and most practical methods of
teaching patriotiam and civies in our publio
schools.” The committee consists of twenty.
one members, appo pted from various Grand
Army posts throughout the State, Col. J. A.
Goulden of New York city is Chairman
of the committee, At the meeting of
the committee to-day Btate Commander
Shaw of the G. A. R., Gov, Roosevelt, Col,

Jobn W. Vrooman and others made speeches,
Col. Vrooman tn his speech sald:

“Let us teach the children that the Flag
preserved ob’ our comrades of ‘tl
| and = protecte: by our soldiers and
aaliors of ‘US must never be dishonored
by impure citizenship or falas patriotiam.
Let us further teach the children that love of
home, that pride of manhood, that loyalty to
country, that trust in God, which was
tuught by our fathers who handed down
to us this) Government the best in
the world, where no aristocracy
exists save that of merit, where all are equals,
where allare aoversigns, Let ua also make
sure that they are taught the priceless value
of the principles preserved by the heroic deeds
of our soldiers and sailors.”

 

WOODBURY £ MOULTON BCHEDULES,

Unsecured Creditors of the Portland
Bankers May Receive Ten Per Cent,

Porttanpd, Me, Jan, 13.—The echedules in
the bankruptcy proceedings against the
banking firm of Woodbury & Moulton
have been filed in the United States
Court. The ussignees report $837,000
liabilities, of which = $307,800 have
been extinguished by payment of secured
loans, whose face value was $381,100,
The assignees have disposed of securities, the
face value of which ja $42,000, The present
abilities ore $48,058 The total assets ap-
pear us S40 200, but that represents face val-
nes, Many of the secucities are practically val-
ueless, The total denosits were 3214,000

It is the general opinion of those who have
examined the seheduies that depositors
and other unsecured creditors will receive
gbout 10 per eent. Among the banks hol .-
ing notes of the firm, secured by collateral
are the following: Liberty National Bank ot
New York city, $15,000; Produce Exchange
Trust Company, New York, $45,000; Bank of
Rtaten Is!and, New York city, $7,200; People’s
Ravings bank, Woreester, Mass., $10,000. and
Jesh National Bank, Springfield, Mass,
4 O00,

 

 

FIRES IN CYCLES,

Theory Advanced by Two OMcials of the
Now York Fire Department,

Twice as many fires occurred in New Yeu
in the first three months of 1890 as {n the second
three months, and nearly twice as many wok
place in the last quarter of 1500 as in the third
quarter, It fs sometimes said that during pro-
tracted cold spells when the number of fires kept
burning for warmth is largest, the danger from
fires is greatest, but this year the theory has been
overthrown by the fact that the whole of Decem-
ber and the first two weeks of January were
unusually warm, and yet the number of fires in
the first six weekacf winter (daung its beginning
from Dee, 1) has heen larger than in any previous
year. ‘The fact is thatfires seem to vccurin cyeles,
one month being marked by repented alarnis,
while in the next month, perhaps, there may be
compatatively few,

Usually, in New York, December is the worst
month fcr fires, and May isthe month in which
there are fewest alarms. Two of the offictals of
the present Fire Depaftment, whose experience
extends over many years, advance this explana-
Hon f recent New York ires

“Pires fatal and disastrous have periods of occur-
rence trregular, but as certain as the changes of
the moon, Further, they come almest invariably
in groups of three, and fellow a circuit of the larg-

revolves around the sun”

FUGGER GETS A HARDULICKING,

When the Butcher's Boy Got Through With
Him He Was Taken to the Hospital,

A middle aged man jumped out of a dark

hallway in roome street last night upon a girl

| named Catherine Barcia, He caught her about

the waist and began kissing her violently,
The irl was about three doora from
her father's buteher shop, and Frank Grannatt,
an apprentice, ran out toheip her. He jumped
on the girl's assailant and bammered him until
they were separated by Policeman Campbell of
the McDougal street station,

‘The policanian took both men to the station,

It was found there that the man whem

Grannatt had been punching was go badly hurt
that he had to be sent to Bellevue Hospital. He

said he was Frank Stamn of 200') Bridge |

street, Brooklyn.

LOCKING UP PANHANDLERS,

| Fourteen Policemen Looking for Them

Around the Hotels and Theatres,

Chief Devery ordered fourteen men from tha

various court squads yesterday to report to |
the Tenderloin | oliee station at Go'cloek, Tha

Chief instructed Capt. Price to send these men

aU ; outt ” ORK ° ’
began introducing testimony to-day, The | Ot to arrest beggars, The number of beggara

on Proadway and around the theatres and
hotela recently has been unusually_ large.
Some ofthem are violentand abusive, Fifteen
had been locked up by midnight.

A KLONDIKE ROMANCE,

 

Jim Hall Proves His Sanity and Marries an

| Actress in Spite of His Friends,

Vietorta, B. C., Jan, 13,—Jim Hall, a Klon-
dike millionaire, has married Grace Atherton
a vaudeville performer. Hall's friends had

him put in jail, alleging insanity, in an en-
deavor to break off the match. They al

 

Ktopped payment on a big check whieh Hall |

had given to his prospective bride, Hall estab-
lished his sanity aod married the woman,

Death of a Former ®iate Senator,

Yormer State Senator Henry R. Brown of
Norristown, Pa., dfed on Friday in the Univers
sity Hospital, Philadelphia, of nervous

prostration, the result of eericua — {n-

ry sustained tn @& byeicle accident about

  

ghteen mouths ago. Ile was born in
Philadelphia, In. December, 1844, and ad-
mitted to the Montgomery county bar in
1TsGs, Later he went into mereantile business

 

jand in 1874 went to California, During tis

residence of two years In that State he was ap-
pointed National Bank Examiner. In N76 he
was receiver of anutione! bauk at Wichita Kan,

!
|
| Hecame back toThiladelphia and restimed tho

practice of the law. In 1881 he was elected to
the Legisiature, and was Senator from Monte
gomery county in 14M),

'
| New York's Peace Monament at Chicka-

mauga Approved,
Cuatranooaa, Tenn, Jan, 13.—The War Do-
partment has notifled Engtaeer E. E, Betts of
the Chickamauga Park Commission, that tho

| plans and specifications of the New York

eave Monument bad been approved, The
contract forthe work will be let_atonce, Thia
monument will be erected in Point Park on
Lookout Mountain.

Stricken la the Street.

Charles Joyee of 150 West Ninety-eighth
street, aclork employed in the office of Riche
ards & Co., railroad agents in Broadway, fel! to

the sitewalk at Ninety-ninth street and Colum.
bus avenue lastnight, Dr. Garlock of 82 West
Ninety-ninth strect attended him but Joyee

 

died. Heart disease wae given as the cause of
his death. Joyee recently came here from
Baltimore.

EF, J. Lehmann’s Fatate Worth $6,000,000,

Cu'cado, Jan, 13.—The will of Ernst J. Leh.
mann waa filed for probate yesterday after.

noon, and was set for hearing on Feb, 7. Tha
testor left an estate valued at $5,070,000, Of
that, $3.528,000 {3 In personal property and
$2,950,000 in real eatate,

The Winners at San Franciaco,

San Francisco, Jan, 18.~The winners at
Tanforan Park this afternoon were Sofala,
Stuttgart, Monda, Anjou, Timemaker and
Lomo. The day was cloudy, but the track
was fast anda big Saturday erowd enjoyed
gomlaport. The feature of the afternoon was
Spencer's masterly ride on Anjou tn the conso-
lation purse for threeeyear olds, at one mile,
kight good ones iined up, with Tar Hill the
post favorite over Erwin, and Anjou third
choles, BSpenoer got Anjou off in front and led
to the three-eighths pole, where he fell back
andat the haif was absolutely jast, Erwin and
Tur Hill were the leaders and no one gave
Anjou another thought until well down the
stretch where Bpencer got Anjou to going
ngain. The crowd began to chee: as Bpencer
get outto win and the uproar increased clear
tothe wire, which Anjou reached first bya
nose, Erwin was eecond and Tar Hill third,

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arsived—@e, Oity of Macon, Savage, Savannah,

 

sdiliiamipilaine

ee tae re Med Oe ae y

Mollan Grand,
Other styles from $75 to $2,500,

 

The Aeolian

individual interpretation.

able without tiresome practice.
to command.

By means of the Aeolian he becomes acquainted with thou-
sands of beautiful compositions that are seldom or never publicly
performed. His musical horizon is widened and his appreciation
quickened,

The Acolian entertains and instructs. It is the ideal home
instrument.

EIGHTH REGIMENT CYCLE RACES,
| Twenty-second
Roduers, Avondal
minutes 5 8-5 seconde,

Uniimited Team Pursuit Race, Regimental—Final
heat won by the Eighth Regiment CW. G, Frank
Regiment, seo nd, Distance, 7%

Lively Contests That Are Likely to Make |

Many spills with no one hurt was one of the
features that distinguished the races at the
Elghth Regiment Armory last night,
the pursuit race that wound up the programme
there were, thirty-six heata, including trials,
semi-finals and finals, and there was an
age of one upset for every heat,
were greatly [n excessof what conld be reason-
ably handled on the chalked off cirele on the
flat polished floor that required twelve cireum-
navigations tothe mile,

The races were under the anaplees of Come
pany K and were the first held in the armory
undera permit of the N, ©. A.
erally considered to be tho final blow to the al-
liance between the Military Athletic League
Apart from the racing one
the meet was

alone); Twelfth
Time, 1 minute 45 seconds,

 

SEVENTH REGIMENT MARESMEN,

Close Beoring in the Handicap Match at |
The entries the Armory Ranges,

Tha members of the Seventh Regiment Rifle
Clubtook part in a handicap match at the
armory ranges last night. About 150 caris | when he arrives fn tho city In
were filled out in the effort to secure the prizes
offered for the five highest acored. Conrad

|

of 4 brought his net
63 with which he just
squeezed in for the fifth prize. Four men

They wore gen- but a handicap

andtheL. A. W
of the noteworthy inthe match. The winuera were:

Yards, Yurds, Score, Heap. Score,
Rarmond, Co.G@..,.84 2

all regimental riders, thera were teams en-
seven regim ents,

L. A, W. intends to maintain ite stand in the
racing field, should end its relations with the

tered from This, if the

Meissner, Co, K

C, Stein, Jr, Oo, 0 ..84 43 67 4 63

The following qualified as sharpshooters:
on

An event that created enthusiasm was tho
lowering of the record for tha armory floor by
Charlies’ Murphy.
4& locomotive last summer in 57 4-5 seconds,
4-5 seconds,
Murphy went
In the one-mile
open, Jungkind, who was making his treat
A. raca, wus thrown hy
an outaider aud, by consent of the other riders,
was nilowed
semiefinal of the one-mile handicap finished in |
Mosher rode across the tape
Jungkind and Torrence went down toe

gether when within a few feet of the tape, |
and eatehing bold

ta
=

Private Raymond, Co. @....... at
Private Ware, C ‘2
Capt. Falmer, Statf 4
Private McK, F 8
Private Plump, Co. B........... 80 85

Corporal C.J, Austin, Company ©, qualified

  

 

Appearance
re score of 64,

in the final
Barrett and Burns Draw,

Billy Barrett and Johnny Burna, both of this
elty, put up one ofthe best and speediest eon- Club, would play
teeta of the season at the Greenwood A, C, jast
They came together at 122 poundsand ject to tha proposition that the dinner

the entire route, twenty rounds, e@hall be given
Burns, although inexperienced, made Barrett
do hia best aod at the finish they were so
| evenly balanced that Referee Eddie Dougherty
surns played for the face and
head, while Barrett directed his attention to

a walking affair

arose hastily,
the same wheel walked across the
was Jungkind'’s whee!
rules ie finished second,
A mistake in the wheel
decided Junckindto biame for the spill, an
disqualified him giving Torrence second place,
lute before the final event was
This was the feature race of the pro-
gramme,an unlimited pursuit race between
teams composed of three men each as follows:
Eighth Regiment, W. G. Frank, H. Burdge and A
th Kewiment, W , *
Thirteenth Resim nt,
Doherty; Twenty:
* Mosher, WH. Connors and
A. 8. Jungkin i! Twenty-third ftegiment, BK, C. Bar

and aceording to
Torrence had made
The judges, however,

called ita draw.

hie rival's atomach,

 

rence and Freder. toward the

Burns was the worat punished at the wind-up,
The opening bout brought together Eddie | their = minds
Dempney of New York and ‘Terry Edwardsof , flay in this city every courtesy shoul
Brooklyn at 105 pounds. The limit was ten | be shown to
Edwards did the bulk of the work, , Demoeratie organization.
smashing Dompsey repeatedly with the left

second Regiment, W

 

Kohert Hi. Miller. J. J, Walsh and
t Seventy firat Regiment, G,

| King, P. Me. Cabtiland A. Hubsehmidt,

The following are the summaries:

ce—Final heat won by J, 8, Fulton,

New York, second; W

seventh Regiment

Tn the second preliminary, alsoforten rounds
Charley Liepold of Harlem, and Ike Ryan o
The weight was 124 pounds, | Will be invited to participate,

fy) lie Fitegerald of aa that Democrate of the class of Norman
» Mack will be asked to lend a hand to make

Half-Mile Noy
Raymond Vosa,
Hrookiyn clashed,
Ryan was substituted for
Brooklyn, who was overweight. Inthe sixth '
being floored three times, the | Col. Bryan's stay here enjoyable,
police interfered and Kyan got the verdict, ' ~

 

One Mile Open--Final heat won by W, F. Mosher, |
A. s. Jungk ad, Twenty
I, sulver, Eleventh Regi-
Time, 2 minutes 38 seconds

Final heat won by W
‘ ards; J. 8. Fulton,
“ond; W. E, Mosher, Twenty.
Time, 2 minutes

Twenty-aecond Regiment
fecond Regiment, sec

Lighth Regiment,
lent, 15 yards, third

261-6 aeconuda,

Two Mile Handicap-Final

 

heat won by W, @,

 

at the Pelican !
matched to meet Perey MeIntyre of New York, | ing by robbers,
but the latter was overweight and as @ result Which had been
Handler got the forfelt.

Neither man did any damage up to the Withan alarm,

In the epen'ng bout of ten rounds, at 158
wounds, Jack Butler of Brooklyn met Harry
fisher of New York, The men slugged each
other all over the ring. In the third round
Fisher with arieht awing sent his opponent to
In the fifth round butler knocked

Fisher out, The seeond bout oftenr unde,

Hot Fights at the National A, (,

At the weekly boxing show of the Narional
A. C., Brooklyn, last nigh’, thirty-one rounds ;
of boxing was carded, and the big crowd saw
some of the best fighting of the season, Inthe
first bout Mefiride of New York defeated Kid
Holden of Brooklyn in the fourth round of

 

Hellly of New York met
Robert Bennett of Brooklyn for fifteen rounds
Tn the fifth round Bennett, who was badly pun-
Arthur McKay of New York met |
Jimmy O'Brien of Brooklyn for ten rounds, at
136 pounda, but O'Brien pat his man out in the
second round with @ right-nan:
Austin of New York and Biliy Hill. the
* Pickaninuy,”

Our name on the goods stamps
them seleet—and our work is fault-
If you think otherwise, your |
money back, ;

Our Remnant sale gives you a high
$14.00, formerly
' $20.00 to $40.00; trousers, $4.00,
formerly $5.00 to 810,00,
making 250 Dress Suits and Tux-
Why shouldn't we,
when we make them for 30,00, |
lined throughout with silk ?
tailors charge 875,00 for equal value,
Overcoat, Raglan,

elared a draw,
boutof five rounds between Lddie Mrown of
Brooklyn and Thomus Murphy of New York
This resulted ina draw

grade suit for

edos wee kly.

sil is wet for Feb. 2

| Up-to-date
order, $25.00,

ARNHEIM

OUR ONLY STORE,

Broadway & 9th Street, |

718 Moro Votes Registered in the Thirty-

The police reported last night thatthe now |
registration for the special election for As-
semblyman in the Thirty-first Assembly die-
The registration last fall forthe

regular election was 12,444. The additional
registration yesterday indicated to the politl-
clans that somebody in the Thirty-firet dis-
for yotes, |

trigt bad bees husti

trict is 710,

OLIAN.

VERY SMALL percentage

of the many thousands of

those who enjoy good music
are able to play any instru.
ment. There are many peo-
ple who possess a musical
temperament who lack the
technical skill necessary to
play the piano or organ, and
again there are those who
acquire digital dexterity
whose playing is totally de-
void of feeling or expression,

The best critics are seldom proficient performers. ‘The keen ap-
preciation of the true musician is born in a man—it can_ be culti-
vated or it can be neglected, but it never leaves him; it is a gift.
musician’s instrument. In the
Aeolian he finds the medium by which he can express his musical
conceptions.

He can play a sonata of Beethoven and impress it with his
The expression, the tempo, the tone-
color, and cven the phrasing, are directly under his control.

The grandest symphony or the simplest song is instantly avail-
The entire realm of music is his

 

the top score of 67

high net score made

40 = Gross Nat

“6g

 

  

  

members of

ee a COUNTRY

Haudler Knocks Wright Out, |

Joe Handler of Newark knocked Fred Wright |
of Brooklyn out tn the efghteenth round, of
what wae to have been & twenty-round affair,

when Handler caught

bout by stopping his

b! a r ’ . :
ow In the eeeond Six pellets

hours.
vreon the 19%. | Six pellets

 

 

»peroent

 

piecof the bout on
ver $5,000

     

  

 

firat.

M'LAUGHLIN

ofthe renomination of Col, Bryan,
be demonstrated by the giving of a dinner in
Col, Bryan's honor,

i | 0
heavy right swing in. the Rimusit Fee the

put him to sleep. A large } " .

‘ oorway they
crowd Was present, George Schuegler was of bullets, one of which eatered the head of
Goss and caused his death three hours later,
The robbers, three in number, esea
when last seep were runoing toward

of Chieage intend tr
restaurants, Phiadetphin
sale nearly $8,000,000 worth of frest meat ane
nually from Ch eago dealers and ifthe Chicago
companies succeed in selling to large cone
sumers, (he trace of both wholesalers and ree
tailers bere will suller very matorially,

“4 99

of 77" every thirty
a fresh Cold
or a “touch” of the Grip in twenty-four

 

minutes will “break up”

Ask your drug
phreys’ Manual, free
and treatment of the sick in all aliments.

Humphreys’ Homeopathic Mediune (
Wiiham « Joun Sts, NY

 

 

 

Princesa Aeolian §75
Other Styles up to $2,600

It afords me great
pares to tell you
OW ereatly and
agrecably | was sure
prised by vour Lnatru
tients, They come
bine all tho effects
Which ean be produc
ed by the most skil-
ful iwanipulation of
@ grand organ with
those of an orchestra,
The exccution of eveg
the most complicated
passages loaves no
thing to be desired;
aud what adds moa
to the instrument's
Value is the magn
flent repertoire
which, with great care
and perfect taste, you
have prepared for It,
1 consider your {n-
blrumcnts not only @
source of delight to
rousic lovers, but also
& benefit to art itself,
as, by means of the
tollan, the master.
pieces, through a thus
eaeily obtained pro-
duction, will greatly
cain in appreciation
and popularity,

I. J. PADEREW SX

Our instruments are
gladly shown to th
merely curious ae well
as to \ptending purchas
ers. bend forliterature

The
Aeolian
Company

13 West ‘Twenty-third
Street, New York City

   

4

ann nn nner rrr nee eeereeeerr aera eceeccereececc eee a TG

| Foy men maps oogen 2t,"9% | WIGWAM DINNER TO BRYAN
N.J., 45 yards, thiid, Time, 6 a al

MAYRE TAMMANY WILL TET THE
DEMOCRATS IN,

Question Whether the Dinner Sbhail Be at
the Club or at the Savoy—At Any Kate
the Chosen Democratic Chieftain
Be Made Just as Welcome as Possible.

Aboutall that eould be learned last night of
the plans of the leaders of Tammany Hall for
the reception of Col. William Jennings Bryan

latter part of this month {s that
{utend to make
crata of New York city are in hearty agree.
ment with Richard Croker in his advocacy
Thia will

it plain that the

tte 8n 43 es i a2 of them is that the dinner shall
Mck Froment, Co,B,82 a3 hy 1 64 given fn the Democratic Club by
Kian $2 “4 0 64

club, and that it shall be an exclusively club
affair. Those who advocate this course say
that this would show to everybody that Tam-

f £00 \ *
‘ardt. Yards. Totat, | Many 19 for Col. Bryan, and that it fan't
“ res" aaah ashame! of its position. The other sugges-
2 83 en tlon. is that the dinner shal! be
eaviase On 48 ah by the Democracy of Greater New York in
ment, Co. B... 82 &8 As Col. Bryan's honor. If the first course is
a5 followed it iaexpected that there will be be-

pwees tre and free nundred gues at the
xpert w Jellberate score of ( east. ‘They will include allofthe ‘Tammany
an an expert with a leliberate score of U8, and | city amciais, from the Mayor down, and. ell of
the Demoeratie leaders in New York, Kings,
Queens and Riehmona counties,
In anyevernt, it was sad last night, the Hon,
John W) Keller, Prea'dent of the Department
of Charities, and President of the Demoeratio
& conspicuous part tp
the entertainment of Col. Bryan
the Demoeratie Clab

elsewhere than in

clubhouse, They believe thar {fit is given at
the Savoy {t will lose half ite significance; but
others said last night that if Mr. Keller preside
edit would be apparent to all that the dinner
| was a distinctively Tammany affair.
Whether the dinner is given inthe
eraticClub or in the Bavoy Hotel Mr,
Rurns had aslightadvan- | W ll undoubtedly be entertained at the Demo-
part of the struggle, but | ¢ratie Club during his stayin thisclty. It was
Barrett showed his hand, | declared last night that the three Hon. Johns
aud other eminent Democrats had made up
that during Col.

him by the regular

n the entertain-
mentto be given in his honor the free silver
The former got the decision | Democrats, who have threatened to break
away from the regular organization unless it
accepted Col, Bryan and his Chicago platform,
It {8 also exe

MEKCHANT MURDERED,

Went to His Store to Intercept Thieves and
Was Shot Down,

| Eprexavuro, Ohio, Jan. 13.—-N, K. Goas, a
©, last night’ Handler wag Merchant of this city, was murdered this mora-
Goss owned ao general store,
robbed before, and a few
weeks ago he connected {[t and his residence

About 1 o'clock this morning
he was awakened by the alarm and arming
helghbor and went to the

Inen stepped into

Were met with a volley

BS

Chicago Meat Men to Sell Direct to Hotels,

Putiapenrnra, Jan, 13.—Wholesale dealers
Was between Kid Gordon. {0 fresh meats in this city are worried because

f apd Jack Lowry of Brooklyn, ofthe anouneement that Nelson, Morris & Co
When the bell rang for the fourth round to he.
gin Gordon refused to eome out of bis corner
‘The referee according!y awarded the bout to

“77 every hour

mot for fifteen rounds at catch ll “break up” ¢ ard st |
They went the limit and it was de bd reak up” & hard stubborn Cold
To please the crowd anextra | that “hangs on” and “knock out” the

Grip with all ite pains and soreness in
s ; the howd, chest and back, Catarrh and
MoCoy Signs to Fight Choynskl. | Bore Throat.

Kid McCoy hag agreed to meet Joo Choynskt | How? By
again at the Boadway A.C., and last night
signed articles to this effect. The club will
| give the boxers a purae of $0,000, the winner starting the blood coursing through the

toreveive 75 per cent. andthe voser 2F
The date of the n
sail yesterday that the rec:
Friday night were a trifle:

restoring the checked olren-
lation (indicated by a chill or ehiver)

iecoy | volns and so “break up” the Oold.
gist or send for Dr, Hume-

 

 

 

It has not been decided
yet whether this dinner shall be given at the
Democratic Club or at the Hote! Savoy. Two
Ruggestions are under consideration.

sell direet to hotels and
surchases at whole-

tells about the care