TREASON LAID TO COFRRY,

qvessks HINT DARKLY 42 4 DEAL
Hit DIKD A-BORNING,

wl

Bepediicane Would Have Indorsed Coffey-
ttes and Coftryitoe Woald Have Voted
for Kepublionns, If-And One Observer
petecte # Sarcastio Smile on the Ben-
ators Face, Which Proves That—.

The Heretical Eleven of Brooklyn, led by
fenator Michasl J. Coffey of the Twelfth ward,
@bo are on trial before a special committee of
the Democratic organteation for their party
Ives, were roarralgoed last night at the Demo-
eratio |= County Committee bheaiquarters
in the Thomas Jofferson Bullding, and
made to iston to the
thy charges against them of having
applied the higher criticism to John Morrissey
Gray, ate and defeated Democratio candidate

for County Kewister, Flat had gone forth that

pone but th
ajm!'ted, but persons were standing up in all

parta ofthe trie room and gazing {n atthe hall
windows when Chairman Joho Maguire of the
eommittee rapped for order,

fo begin with and by way of showing the
grand ol! Democratlo feeling extating between
the factions, Lawyer Furlong for the prone-
eution started up a little row with Lawyer
Tapper for the defence, because the latter
had got there first and preGmpted the first
table. The satd table being between the two,
no boot was shed, and Chairman Maguire
time {no having another
brought in and t{nterposed as a further
bulwark. Then the prosecution's lawyer made
an opening addresa of admirable brevity
wherein ha contrived to accuse Senator Cof-
fey and his acherente of malfeasance In office,
acts of open hostillty to the Demooratio party,
participation in “disreputable deeds,” endeav-~
ering to filch and tear badges, bearing the
name of John Morrissey Gray, from Demo-
cratic breasts,” arranging deals with the Hon.
Timothy L. Woodruff, and Messrs. Atterbury
and lady, and otherwise misconducting them-
Beyves

rhen Lawyer Kapper had his tnning, He
becan (oobject. Mr. Kapper has the sad, sweet
voice ofa rne-dove, but as an objector hele a
long-distance wonder, He ente ed each piv-
testas ifthe necessity of doing it brought him
tosucha pitch of grief that he could barely
keepfrom bursting into sobs, and persons tn
the rear of the room who couldn't distinctly
hear what he was saying wiped away a
few irrepressible tears under the impres-
aion that he was describing the persecu-
tous which his cliente had suffered at
the cruel hands of Democratic brethren,
and before he had finished objecting the at-
mosphere of sadness had enveloped the com-
miitee, the opposing counsel and the crowd,

lost no

evidence on |

sooficially Interested should be |

table |

| could capture

| black eyed babies at the rate of one a vear

who noted with pain that tho evening was
waning. In time, however, ha was done, and
the (rst witness, Patrick DeCantlllon, was
called) Mr. DeCantillon is not only a mem-
her of the Democratic organization of |
the Ninth Assembly district, where Sena-
tor Coffey is leader, but he is also
« reporter for a Brooklyn newspaper,
and he seemed by his testimony to have

vnited the two lives of activity to considerable
purpose, He told of a convereation in Senator
Coffey's office on Oct, 2 in the course of which
the Senator hat expressed a belief that John
Morrissey Gray was not a proper man to nom-
{nate,and he further accused the Senator of
having smileda “sarcastic smile” at the men-
tionof the nameof Gray, He was prepared,
he said, to qualify as an expert on sarcasm as
faciily expressed, The witiuess further sald:

“T called on him again and told him that
Jieut.-Gov, Woouruff had said that the I welfth
War! was go ng to be turned intoa Democ atic
Annex, and asked him if he knew anything
A outit, Senator Coffey said he wasnt going
to have anyth.ug to do with theticker; that the
party was run by afew people in Willoughby
Blreet,

“T said to him,” said the witness, “that I had
beard of a deal for the Republican’ Aldermanic
and Assembly candidates to withdraw and for
Cain and Hennessy, Coffey’s men. to be puton
the Republican ticket, and that the Twelfth
ward was to go Democratic, and I asked him if
that wastrue, Heasked me if I thought the
Democrats would stomach Gray,and said he
Was Against the ticket [I also talked with
Groreea W Vhillips, the Senator's rep-
resentative, end he was angry at
Willoughby street and complained that
the distri t_@ot no patronage. { said that if
Seaator Coffey would go down to Willoughby
street as the twenty other Democratic leaders
ditit would beallright. ‘The Senatoris able
tostand out,’ L said, ‘Heean stand it financially
and otherwise, but how about the other bemo-
cra's in the ward? They aren't Democrats tor
their health laughter They want some of
what's going on."

Ihe witness said that Mr. Cain had also ob
Jected to Gray's candidaey, He toid of acopy

. which he had seen, purporting

 
 

 

  
 
  

to be from Senator Coffey and denouncing
Gray. “This.” he sa was given outat Re-
publican headquarters Throughout Mr. De

Cantillon’s testumony the mournful objections
oO Lawyer Kapper flowed on

Rudo'ph Norton, a Republican who had ajob
fsiaborerio the Park Department, was next
called. He testified to a conversation at
fies ublican headquartera before election.
{ ee were present L eut.-Gov. Woodruff and
Messrs, Atterbury, Dady, MeNamara, Foster
and Mike Wheeler, the latter being Kepublican
poser of Senator Coffev's district. The
Jeutenant-Governor — said, the withers
testified, that Senator Coifey had agreed to
turn over from 2000 to 2.500 votes
{n his distriet for the whole Republican ticket
{the Keputlican candidates tor Assembly men
6nd Aldermen should be withdrawn and the
Democratic candidates, Messrs, Cain and Hen.
nessy, be put on in their ple This fell
through becauae Foster woul! not withdraw,

Before adjournment Lawyer Kapper jugubri-
ously Announced that one more member, Pat-
tick Nolan, bad withdrawn his name from the
charges against Senator Coffey. This leaves
only two men outof the original list, Timothy
J Careyof the County Committee and Joha C,
Nuek'ey, a district delegate. The hearing was
él ourned to next Frivay evening.

 

 

PHILADELPHIA'S PRO-BOEKKIMERTING,

Rhodes and Chamberlain Denounced—Sym-
pathy for the Transvaal People,

Paittapecpaia, Jan, 13.—More than three
thoussou persons assembled in the Academy
©! Music to-night to listen to speeches and
@rpresa sympathy for the Boers, Cecil
Khodes and Joseph Chamberlain were soundly
abused, every mention of their names being
the signal for groans and hisses, The meet-
fog was held under the ausplees of the
Talted Trish Societies, their President,
fichael J, Ryan, introducing Judge William
N, Ashman ot thea Orphans’ Court, who

  
   

Presided. In taking the chair Judge Ashman
sid that the convention of IR81 and the sup-
Dies t of 18N4 gave England no right
t) interfere in the internal attairs of
the Transvaal Republic. He said the
reason for the tmeeting was that the

Irish and Americans have fought side by sido

the right of the oppressed.” Rudolph
pankenb rg said that when he entered the
{iding he smelt powder and that it had the
elect of mnaking lim want to fleht, to fight
ke the Boers le said he warn a little too
ed to shoulder a gun, bat that he would give
the moral support he could, He
tt England bed Jong manifested a des re
h affer the welare of the whole world,
one that she should frat sweep her own doors
PAD

 

the Boers ail
eadt
to

  

Michael J, Ryan ehareeterized the war as
frovsy inguitous, He sail he hoped the ip-
wr e ol the meeting would be felt at the

bite Howse, and that President MeKinley
Youd have the courage to act in con.
rorm'ty with the wishes of the bulk of the
deo le and dec are in advance of the sitting of

8 British ¢ irt of

Adin raity that our ships
thar he

inter ered with

The res lutions which were adopted nnante
r equest Congress to extend to the
boers the same sympathy that previous Con-

   

® “a have to (7 eee, Hungary, Cuba and
the th American republics, They are
eae ‘et “the forming of any alliance with

; pean powerand especially eon femn one
with Fogian das un-American and opposed to
fe tiaditions of the republic, Copies of the
tr tons are to he sent to the Preal ent,
Membersofthe Cabinet, both Houses of Con-
(" ss aod Governors of every State of the

PIACE For POLICK CAPT, WOODS,

Gleason Removed Him Megally and Now
Hea to fe a New York Officer.

\n order will probably be served en the
Police ( \issioners on Monday directing the
Telustatement of Polfee Captain Anthony J.
Woods of Long Island City, who was removed
by former Mayor Patrick J. Gleason at the be-
Sloningof lis third term as Mayor of Long

iene (itv. Capt Woods eontended that
’ ‘remoy 1 Vosilega'l, andafew days agohe

 

t

 

     

fe fevision trom the Appellate Divise
‘ ech hisreiistatement, Justice Good-
eep eweeduy signed an order, whieh Lawyer
Pant Who has rey resented Capt. Woods, will
' V on the | Omrmissioners, It ja expected
pita berth for Capt. Woods willbe made io

* borough of Queens

| from a ridge
| lock

BO PEEP’S TRIP ON HIS ARK,

Antoine Souce! Was the Strongest Man in
Maine but a Poor Hand at Love Making
~-How Bo Peep Found Fortune and
Peace After Years in the Wilderness,

Van Bunen, Me. Jan. 11,—Youngish-looking
men who have been put into the grandfather class
Nike to get together at the end of the year and tell
strange tales of the deeds performed by their
French-Canadian ancestors thirty years ago
when the Madawaska settlement waa about as
far removed from American civilization ae if it
had been in the heart of Africa, and when the
only avenues of travel between the little villages
Were over the ice or along the waters of the Arooe
took and St. John rivers. There wore giants
in those days among the short-legged, swarthy
Canucks, There were alao brave men and mighty
hunters and low-down, common cowards, to the
last of whom the women wouldn't speak and at
whom the barefooted children made faces. The
etoriea that the old men tell their grandchildren
about these celebrities would make books enough
to fill « circulating librarr, and every tale con-
cerns somebody that lived and died right here
among the men who now tell of their deeds.

Of course Antoine Soucci was the strongest
man and the best fighter that ever lived. In 1883,
when he was 60 years old and had lost one leg
through getting {t caught in a4 bear trap in front
of a neighbor's hen pen, he hired Pere Basil to
write a challenge to John L. Sullivan, offering
to fight him to a finish with bare knuckles on the
{ce in front of the village, and promising to give
the champton 200 cords of wood and twenty beaver
skins if he could so much as hit him hard enough
to produce a red spot. He waited two months
for 4 reply and then got into a rage from his dis
appointment at receiving none.

Smart and powerful as Soucei wag he was
& poor hand at love making, and he spent his
life in sorrowing over the loss of Felice 14 Roy,
the village belle who married one Napoleon Bona
parte Beaupre, a handsome coward who lived

in & swamp by the side of Aroostook River, four
miles from the village. The story of how Beaupre
ot Bo Peep, as he was called, took his wife to
the wilderness and lived there for six years for
fear of Soueci's wrath, and then brought her
down among his enemies against his will, is one
of th» traditions of northern Maine

The Beaupre bome was hand made and con-
structed of spruce logs cut and put into place
by iis owners. Tt was placed upon a raft of dead
and uprooted trees that had come down the river
at different times and collected in a cove wnder
asteen bank. ‘Three sides of the raft were firmly
moored to the shore by protruding limbs and roots

 

of the massed brushwood, while the fourth side |
faced the river, so that the occupants of the house |

could sit in the door and cateh trout, pickerel
and white perch without going to the trouble
of dressing. Back of the house were acres of red
oaks that furnished acorns for fattening the Bo
Peep pies and fuel for the Bo Peep fire, For
the rest the family relied upon such rabbits, par
tridees and other small deer as the gun or spare
Bo Peep spent his dava in adug-
out on the hillside where he watched for Soucei
with a loaded gun His nights were passed in
4tumultof terrible dreams, in which Soucei played
the partof an avenger. In spite of the monoto
ous misery that walled him in Bo Peep grew po-
tatoes and buckwheat enough for food and raised
Ho
was in a fair way to die of old age or the gout
when the great freshet of 1872 came along, up-
setting all his plans and compelling him to face
his ancient enemy

The rise of water in the spring of 1872 was
due to the erection of @ mill dam at the
of Aroostook River. During the winter saw
logs had been hauled on totheice abore the dam,
so that when the spring rains came the ice be-
hind broke in great fragments and backed up
at the rear of the obstruction
to a hillock and from a hil
to a hill, At night it was ten feet
hich. Inthe morning the top could not be reached
with a long pole. When the next night set in
the oak grove on the bank was under water and
the stream ‘ad swollen to a great lake, which
covered two townships. Above the mill and

| the village loomed a wall of tea fifty feet high

that roared and groaned under the great pressure
of water. The people had moved out of the
houses and fled to the hills, knowing that when
the barrier gave way the valley would be swept
clean of everything. When terror had become
A panic, and women and children were calling
upon their patron saints for aid, Soucci limped
out under the overhanging crage, put in several

| charges of gunpowder and blasted a hole throurh

 

the bottom of the gorge. The bolt of
water shot out, threw Soucci twenty rods away
and landed him onthe side of a haystack, where
he was rescued and taken home none the worse
for his wetting. The loosened flood roared all
night, enlarging the opening and relieving the
pressure against the dam

\t_davlicht when the latele aubmerged oak
trees bewan toloom up through the mists the watch-
erson the hill looked farup stream and saw an
acre of land with a log house on it come swing-
ing around the bend Blue smoke ascended
from thechimney and people went in and out of
the door, ‘The village people crossed themselves
apd heat their breasts in terror, believing that
another deluge had arrived and that
the house thev saw wasa modern ark which had
heen made for some fortunate Noah who was
destined to srvive the flood

“Tt is Beaupre,” said the priest calmly. “It is
Napoleon Bonaparte Beaupre who has been pun-
ished for not coming to church. Let us go to
the rescue,’

Though the intentiona of the priest were mer-
ciful and praiseworthy, Bo Peep, having his old
for in mind, would consent to no rescue anywhere
near the settlement. He begged the people te
tow his home back to Its old mocrings He
threatened and promised and swore in two lan-
guages. When he found that the mass of water-
soaked timbers could not be taken up stream
he told the priest that he had got tired
of living upin the code alon and was going
to take his home and family down to St John
where he had found work in a sawmill.

“How mooch you get er day” asked the owner
of the local mill

“Two dollars,” replied the terrifled French-
man

“Ahm greef you” two feefty,.” said the kind
miliman, “Stay here an’ work.”

“Stay bere! Aim stay here!" cried Bo Peep.
ee' Ten toun' devils! Soucci heem
was keel me sure.”

‘Ahm no keel you now, Bo Peep,” said Souect,
soothinely “Ahm bin married, too. Don't
want Felice no more, by dam. Ahm bin glad you
bin geet her Wot you say, her”

They threw a line out to Bo Peep's floating
Teal estate and warped it to shore in the lee of a
projecting point of land. In a week the water
was down to tts normal level though the ice gorge
held on until July 4. As the logs on the mil
pond were deep under ice Bo Peep seld his farm
to the mill owner and helped to saw it up; so when
autumn came he had money enough to build
a new house on land, Just before Christmas
Mrs. Ho Peep gave birth to a malechild who was
christened Antcine out of compliment to Soucei

“By ger’ said Soucei, “eef Ahm no bin geet
Felice fer Ahm ownself, Ahm bin dam glad Bo
Peep bin geet her. Maybess le garcon grow
up an leek hell outen Bo Peep bimeby. No use
for Ahm bin try eet Ahm no bin enny use with
one loileg.”

AFTER THE BALL,

 

A Tale Showing That Love Langhed at
Locksmiths Once Too Often,

Henry Boehm, a Will amsbure youth, took
Addie Wrage, his best girl, toa ballon Friday
night, Addie is emploved as a housemaid at
487 Grand street, and when she started out
her mistress told her she mast be in by 12
o'clock. She meant to be obedient, of course,
but in the ballroom time passed 60 quickly
that it was an hour after midnight before she
looked at a clock. Then she set out with
Poehm forherhome, When they reached the
house Boehm pulled the front doorbell several
times, but there was po response, Then he
kicked atthe door and a panel dropped out.
The noise awakened some of the family, who

thought that thieves were in the house and
yelled from a front window forhelp. Mean-
while Boehm had crawled through the opening
and unioeked the door.

The girl eutered the dark hallway, and while
ahe was bidding hoehm good-night Policeman
Tracy uppeared, He ran into the house and
came across Boehm. The girl was ascending
the stairs, Tracy seized the young mau and
ranked him out to the atreet, The girl fol-
{aera and, throwing her arms around her

COPS SNOUZE; FIRE BURNS.

CBROKER CALLS ON DEVFERY TO KEEP
BIS PULICKEMEN AWAKE,

 

 

“Late Tour’ Fires Had a Way of Getting
Good Headwny Before the Casual Citi-
gen, inthe Absence of the Policeman
on Post, Sent In an Alarm -Chief Croker
Says That Things Are Better Now,

Not long ago Chief Croker of the Fire De-
partment called upon Chief Devery of the
Police Department. It was not pleasure, but
business, which took the exvcutive head of the
Fire Department to Mulberry street. In fact,
Croker’s mission to Police Headquarters was
nothing less than to inform Devery that his
patrolmen were inefficient and to request
that they be more effictent, It is reported that
Devery told Croker thut the latter didn't know
what he was talking about, or words to that
effect, and that, besides, wholesale charges of
ineMfctenoy on the part of the police didn’t
go In Mulberry street, If they did before the
Mazet Com mittee.
partment would have to be more specific if he
wanted to talk business with the Chief of the
Metropolitan Police.

Chief Croker replied that he would be as
specific as Chlef Devery could desire. There-
upon he reminded Devery of the unusually
large number of fires that have occurred in the
pasttwoor three months between midnight
and daylight, He reminded him that that
period of the day was known on the police force
asthe “latetour.” Then he produced data to
show that the majority of these fires had
guined great headway when the first of the
engine companies arrived,

“Allof which shows,” sald Devery to Croker,
according to report, “thatif your fremen had

been more active the fires wouldn't have
gained ao much headway.”

“AlLof which shows,” sald Croker to Devers, \

according to report, “that if your men ha
been on post fustead of somewhere else they
would have turned in the alarms, Instead of
citizens who happeved to pass the burning
bu Jding some time after the fire sterted.”’

“Now, you're guessing again,” says Devery
to Croker, as the story runs,

“So? auys Croker to Devery, “A man may
mukea pretty fair guess, ifhe can have oficial
reports to base ition,”

‘hen Croker, according to the story, pro-
duced reports of flres from the Fira and Police
departments to show that many of the fires
which had occurred during the Jate tour and in

which the losses were very heavy had been
discovered by citizens who had turned
jn the alarms He wlko showed = by
his reports that, in nearly every case,
the fire had gained great headway by the time
' the firemen gotthere, which, aceording to the

outlet |

| to him

The ice swelled |

confined |

same reports, was ip quick time
this, Croker asked Chief Devery to insist upon
greater eflielency on the part of patrolmen
doing the late tour. He also suggested that
Devery issue blank forms on wh ech the police-
man first at the fire shou'd make a report of it,
These forms were issued and the first report
on one of them sent into Police Headquarters
nearly gave the night operator apoplexy on
account of its length and the number of de-
tails

Chief Croker was asked about hla call on
Chief Devery by a SUN reporter last night, just
after the boss fireman_had returned from a
second-alarm fire at 127th street and Eighth
avenue. Chief Croker said

“Tt istrue that I called upon Devery some
time ago and asked him_to see to it that his
patrolmen be more efficient in discovering
firea and sending in alarms, Since 1 spoke
the work of the pojice in this
articular has teen more satisfactory, Ll don't
now whether the new order was promulgated
by him asa result of mycallornot. [ want it
un: erstood, however, thatlam not eritictsing
the Police Department or any other depart-
ment. Devery and I have always been the
best of friends and are now and 1am not oriti-
eising his conduct of the Police Department.”

YULETIDE FEAST AT THE LOTOS,

Members and Guesta Make Merry in Beal
Old English Style.

Nearly two hundred and fifty membersofths
Lotos Club spent a joyous evening at the club-
house last night, celebrating the “Yuletide
Feaste at ye Sygne of ye Lotos.””. The rooms
were hung with ivy, bolly ond mistletoe. Red
roses also formed part of the decorations ;

The feast had just begun when the first of ita
epecial features Waa announced by a twain of
trumpeters in ancient Eng! sh garb, wo ose
march through the rooms was followed by a
procession of cooks, the lealers bearing on
their shoulders, amid decorations jike those
of the rooms,the great Joinsof beef which
were toform the substantial partof the feast

The muate was furnished by an orchestra
underthe leatership of Richard Arnold of the

 

New York Philhuarmonite Society, the Lotos
Ciub Quintette, and Emil Paun Leo Sehuiz,
Herr Van Ruoy and Herr Van Dyck of the
Metropolitan Opera House, who were the

| special guests of the evening.

aweetheart, begged the policeman not iw are |

rest hm. Tracy kept atight gripon Boehm,
however, and when the gir refused to bet go
ahe also was arrested. Both were taken to the
Bedtord avenue police station, There Addie
explained what had happened and declared
that Boehm had not intentionally broken the
door. Nevertheless, a charge o! disorderly
conduet wes made against each of them.

| Boehm was locked up in that atation and the

girl in tho Herbert street station. where there
fs a matron, When the pair were arraigned
yesterday morning in the Lee Avenue police
court the irl pleaded with Magistrate Lemon
to let her ind her sweetheart go. The Magia-
trate d scharged the gir! and committed Boehm
to jail for ten days, Boehm's mother and sis-
ter were in court when he was sentenced. Mrs,
Boehm almost fainted in the arms of her
daughter. She pleaded for merey for her son
and the Magistrate reconsidered his decision
aud permitted Boehm to go home,

Mississippi Schoolbovok War.

Jacnson. Miss., Jan. 12.—The State Teach-
er's Association, by & unanimous vote, has
protested against the Universal Schoolbook
system, and has urged the Legislature not to
change the existing law, which provides for

uniformity. The American Book
Oey aay, OW holds contracts with three-
fourths of the counties, Itis fighting the state
uniiormity bill introduced in the Legislature.
Agents of several other book concerne are here
lobbying for State uniformity,

ee SSS ED

Calve in Carmen,

Emma Calyi's wonderful personation of
the heroine, which must tn her case be attrib-
uted equally to Prosper Meriméea and Georges
Bizet, has not yet lost its power to faselnate
the New York public. Both the composer of
the music and the writer ofthe nove! have to
be mentioned in any comment on her per-

formance, because the intentions of both are |

eo thoroughly realized in her case The
dramatic phase of Mile, Calivé’s Carmennow
demands no criticism so far as ita principal
characteristics go. It is the creation of a
dramatic genius who might have teen as
great on the stage if the possession of her
peautiful voice had not put it in her power to
win still greater fame in the operatic Meld, Her
moods alone change the interpretation from
time totime, Yesterday {t was quieter than
usual. Her spirits were not such as impel her
to the extravagancies of copduet sometimes a
part of her performance, She has been in
much better voice on previous occasions this
year thai she Was yesterday
was an agreeable Wied a and sang her grateful
music well.

Speclal interest was imparted to yesterday's
erformance by the cooperation of Albert
aléza, who sung forthe first time during the
Bresrnt season. His Don José is not unknowr
era, and much of his reputation last veur was
gained through the excellence of this per-
formance Yester ‘ay it possessed the same fire
and enthusiasm that it displayed before, and
was strongly dramatic and intense in the mora
strenuous mInoments of the action. M. aaléga
sang in the same musivaniy and artistic
fashion that {s always characteristic of him,
and revealed the same tuste and feelinw in his
singnog. He was not at his test yesterday in
the tlower song. and showed some traces of his

 

recent indisposition, But his general per-
formance was on the high level whieh M,
Saldza established forhimse|ilastseason Sig,

Campanari, Who was not in good voice, sang
Eacamullo,

Second Symphony Concert,

The second of the symphony concerts for
young people under Frank Damrosch’s Jirec-
tion took place yesterday afternoon at Car-
negio Hall, Thera was the usual gathering
of more or lesa interested Juvenile listeners to
the programme Mr, Damrosch had selected,
It was attractive enough in character to have
entertained more mature hearers, Haydn's
symphony in G minor, called the “Military,”
opened the programme which also contained
Baint Saéns'’s “Serenade.” Berlioz’s arrange-
ment of Weber's “Invitation tothe Waltz,” and,
as three solo numbers for Leo Sehulz, huben-

stein'’s “Melodie,” Alsneff's “Bereeuse” and
Popper's “Vito.” Thisarrangement was in ac-
cordance with Mr. Damrosch’s plan of placing
in striking jux'aposition various forma of
musical compositions tna way that will prove
most instructive to his youthiul hearers, His
own preliminary falkn on the programme state
instructive facts in simp'e fashion and ought
to prove of edifleation to children of musical

tastes who will undoubtedly be better able to |

enjoy more what they hear when they possess
sufficient information on the subject to derive
more than merely sensuous pieasure from
hearing music. There is no lack of support
of all kinds of musical enterprise in New York
and that a large part ofthe community takes
great pleasure from these pelformances is not
to be denied, Burt it is equally impossitie to
recognize the fact thatif the preceding genera-
tion had been aa carefully looked afterinthe
matter of its musical education as the children
are to-day, enjoyment of music here might be
much more widespread and sincere than {t ts
Leo Schulz contributed his really artistic play-
ing to the concert and the orchestra, under
Frank Damrosch’s direction, wus capable,

Theatrical Notes.

Richard Mansfeld ended his two months’ en-
gacement at the Garden last night witha per-
formance of the titie parts in "Dr. Jekyll and
Mr. Hyde.” The theatre was crowded in every
part and the orchestra played under the stage
giving its place to spectators,

Augustus Pitou has joined the ranks of
managers who announce that they will have
pew theatres for next season. He save he will
build it at Fifty-eighth street and kighth
arenue. Nothing definite has been done
about it,

Marion Manola and her daughter, Adelaide
Moulds, are {Il at the Vendome,

When “The Great Ruby” is revived atthe
Fourteenth on March 19, Rose Goghien will
act the part played at Daly's by Ada Rebaa,

‘ 1

errs

The Chief of the Fire De- ,

Having dona |

Mile. de Vere |

CEBU REBSKLS ROUTED,

More Towns in Luzon Taken—Rebdel Leader
im Albay Province Captared,
| Apectal Cable Despatch te Tas Bcx.
| Mantua, Jan. 13.—A battalion of the Nine-
| teenth Infantry has routed the Sudion rebels
| in the Cebu mountains. Considerable ammu-
nition and @ smonth-bore cannun were cap-
tured. Four Americans were wounded,

Capt. Benson with troops E and K of the
Fourth Cavalry occupled Humingan fn the
province of Nueva Ecija, north of Manila, on
Jan, 10, Sefior Flores, the rebel “secretary of
war,” was establishing a rendezvous for the
insurgents atthia place. Floresand agarrison
of 100 Insurgents escaped. The barracks,
which had a capacity for 500 soldiers and con-
talned a ton of rice, wore burned.

Major Thomas L. Hartigan of the Thirtieth
Volunteer Infantry has occupied Magallanes in
the province of Albay, the extreme south-
eastern province of Lugon, and captured tne
robel Colonel in command of the insurgent
forces there,

 

 

 

CZAR DISCUSSES FOREIGN AFFAIKS,

 

|
| Bays Partial Understandings Have Been
Reached With England and Japan.
Special (able Despatch to Taz Sux.

Br. Pztrrssuro, Jan. 18.—The Czar has
{asued a lengthy reseript to Count Maravieff,
the Minister of Foreign Affairs,in which he
congratulates the minister on his successful
conduct of foreign affairs. The Crar refers to
the acquisition of Ewang-Tung, Port Arthur
and Port Dalny as testifying to the friendship
between Russia and China and fulfilling the
needa of Russia asa maritime power. He says
the negotiationa with Great Britain and with
Japan have resulted in a partial understanding
with these two powers, This understanding
has removed the reason for certain political
misunderstandings, and has enabled Russia to
develop her Eastern possessiona,

The Czar refers to the expected results of the
Peace Conference at The Hague in the most
hopeful manner,

SANTO DOMINGO PAYS FRANCE,

 

 

 

Everything Settled to the Satisfaction of
Both Governments,

fpertal Ca! le Despatch to Tag Bow,

Barto Domrxco, Jan. 13,—The French debt
of 280,000 frances fn liquidation of the Boismare-
Caceavelll claim has been paid. Everything
has been settled to the satisfaction of the
French and Dominican Governments.

| Gaatemala’s President Dines British Officers

‘pecial Cable Despatch (o Tar Bux,

San Jos#, Guatemala, Jan, 13. ~ President
Cabrera gave @ banquet at the Capitol inst
night. Admiral Beaumont and the officers of
the British warships Warspite, Phaeton and
Icarus were present. The utmost cordiality

| prevailed,

Manito Garibaldi Dead.
Speci’! Cable Despatch to Tar Sow
Rom, Jan. 13.--Maniio Garibaldi {s dead.

Manilo Garibaldi wasason of the Liberater
by hia second wife, Francesca, He held a com-
mission in the Italian Navy.

| Tickets for the Paris Exposition.
} Speetal Cable Despatrh © THe Sun.
| Pants, Jan, 13.—The total number of ticketa

to be printed for the Exposition of 100 is
65,000,900,

 

 

|
| TUE NIGHTGOWN FOUND,
|

Supposed Powder Marks Indicate That Mre.
Morrison was Shot at Short Range.

|
| Mount Vernox, N. Y., Jan, 13.—The night-
| gown worn hy Mrs. Morrison, the wife of

Alfred Morrison, on the night ahe was shot by

her husband, was recovered to-day by the

pollea, Itts of light blue canton flannel! trim-
; med with white braid, It shows plainly the
hole made by the bullet that killed its owner,

Justunder the armpit. Encireling the bullet

hole the police to-day found with the ald of a
; mMagnitying glass spots which resemble the

marks of powder. Chief Foley said to-night

that the appearance of the night gown in-

dicated that the woman received her wound at

short range aid not at a distance as was atated

by Morrison at the inquest. The garment was

sert to District Attorney Andrews to-day, In

places it was soaked with blood,

irs. Elenberger and Mra. O'Neil the dead

| Mrs Morriso randn ecearrived here toe
day and were sent to Tarrytown to see the Dis
trict Attorney, Itis understood that they have
eome from Sfiddletown to assist in the prose.
”) vo) MorAison and will givelthe District At-
torney allthe information they possess, When
Morrison was locked in his cell to-night after
being allowed to exercise with the other pris.
oners in the White lains jail, he said to Sher-
if? William: V. Molloy:

“T hate to be foreed to asaoctate with erlm-
inals. It makes me feel very bad. It is awful.
I wish T was dead,”

Morrison then beeame 80 excited that Dr.
Purdy, the jail physician, gave him sedatives.

+ piate

 

WANT TO RETAIN THE FACULTY,

Cincinnati Students Have an Unsatisfactory
Interview With President Ayres,
Crxcrynatr, Ohlo, Jan. 13.—-When {t was an-
nounced that President Ayres of the
L niversitv of Cincinnati had asked for the res-
| Ignation of the entire fagulty of the university,
the students called’ a mass meeting to express

eympathy with the faculty and chose Misa
Hickenlooper, daughter of Gen. Andrew Hiek-
enlooper, to head a committee to confer with

the President. The delegation asked the
| Presiient about the rumor, He said:
' “I know nothing of a rumor.”

This threw the students somewhat off the
trad, but they managed to tell him what they
suspected and were met with the remark:
“When you grow older, young people, you will
learn not to ju ige preeipitately in matters that
do not imme ately eoneern you,”

The fact that several young women, daugh-
tersofthe professors were seen weoning, ap-
peaied to the students’ aympathy, It is said
that many parents have objected to two pro-
fessora of the University because they are
“grass widowers,”

 

MAIL SACK,

PILFERLD A

 

Man Driven by Conselence to Make a Con-
fession of a Recent Robbery.

Canton, Ohio, Jan, 13.—A man giving his
nameas J, L. Dunn of Quincey, IIL, walked into
the Shertti’s office this evening and asked fora
private interview, He is in custody awaiting the
arrival of an ofMeer from Chicago io arrest
| him on the charge of robbing a mail sack
} at Efingham, Jil. He said he could stand the
{ strain no longer. He says he took the mail
| sack from a_truck nt EM!ngham and rifled it,

securing 845 in money. He destroyed a num.
| ber of cheeks found in letters, The theft was

committed on last Monday night,

Since then he says he has been in Indianapo.
lis, Marior, Columbus and Massilion, Officers
led the rohhery by telegraph from Effing-
han, and the chief post offlee inspector at Chi-

cago has ordered
arrives,
|
!
!

  

Junn held until an officer

———

South Brooklyn Railway Company,

A.nany, Jan. 13.—The South Brooklyn Rail-
way Company of Brooklyn was incorporated hy
the Secretary of State, with a capital of $150,000,
to operate Ly steam or electricity a railroad
twelve miles long, intended for summer travel,
from Second avenue, near Thirty-ninth stroet,
Brookivn, thence parallel with Thirty-ninth
street to the boundary line between the Fighth
and Thirtiech wards, and thence northeasterly
to the Kings county line at Liberty avenue in
the Twenty-sixth ward, The directors are:
) W. Bayard Cutting, John TV. Ambrose, J. Archi-
} bald Murray, J.B. Tucker and N. R. Cottman

of New York city, Dennistown Wood of Irving-

ton, John D, Miller and George W. Giddings of
| Brooklyn and F. H. Bergen of New Brighton,

Ferraro to Die in February,

Atpany, Jan.13,—The Court of Appeals to-day
made an order fixing upon the week commenc-
ing Feb. 2G asthe date for the exevution of
the death sentence of Antonio Ferraro, who
was convieted in Brooklyn ‘or murder in the
first degree and Whose sentence was affirmed
by the highest courton Tuesday last, Ferraro
cut the throat of Luciano Musacchio, another
Italian, a8 a resultofa drinking bout in Sep-
tember, 1SUM, in Front street, Brooklyn,

Mrs. Kirke . Bishop Geta a Divorce.

CLEVELAND, Jan, 13.—Mrs. Kirke D, Bishop
secured to-day a divorce from Judge Btone in

 

the ground of cruel treatment. The case was
heard out of court hours, Because of the
children, Bisho» had previously withdrawn his
piva for divorve, He te President of the Bishop
and Babcock Company, a club man and is
wealthy. The couple have three children,

a

, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.

the Common Pieas Court of this county on |

—_ —

 
 

 

PLAYING SAN

JUAN HILL

 

TIGHTS BETWEEN TOMPMINAVILLE

4ND NEW BHIGHION BUYS,

Btenes and Sticke and Kven Air-Bifles Used
~Armies of Forty Boys Take Part and
Many Have Been Injured Slightly
~Guarding the Fling on the Hilltop.

Forthree weeks twocrowda of boys, one from
New Brighton andthe other from Tompkine-
ville, 8. I, have waged almost daily
warfare on an eminence above Tompkinaville
known as Pavillon Hill, The majority of the
boys are between 13 and 16 yeare of age, and
their fights began at the close of school, or
shortly after 30'clook, The objective point of
each side was the crest of the hill and sticks,
stones and even alr-rifles were used, The
fighte were mauaged, ae far as the youthful
contestants were able, on military principles,
The side in possession of the hill creat would
plant ites main standard, asmall American flag,
on the topmost point, and several of the
larger boys remuined to guard it, while around
the base of tne hill sentries were posted to
watch for the ussaulters,

When tbe attack was made in foree the battle
waged flercely. Some of the boys have received
bad wounds from the missiles,

The boys have named the bill Ban Juan.
Each day, it ia said, they resume the positions
held on the previous day. The flercest fights

were held on Saturday afternoons. although
there was desultory tiring nearly all of each
Saturday, .
For the past week, it {« sald, the, New
Brighton. contingent, known as the ‘Forty
Thieves,” have been in possession of the brow
of the hill. With their American flag
wavng defiance at the Tompkineville con-
tingent below, they successfully met A!lattacks.
Windows io several houses in Tomnkinsville
have been broken by stray missiles, an
rotests were received by the police, but the
oye successfully eluded the officers of the
law. The police got word yesterday that a
pitched battle was likely to be fought at
2 oclock in the atternoon, — Policemen
John Conroy and Irving G, Crocheron wore
Kent there in p'ain clothes, and Couroy says
that an assaulting party of about forty Tomp-
kinsville boys were being opposed by about
the same number of New Krghton youths on
the si @ of the hill, Sticks and stones were
flying. and a dozen of the boys were armed
with magazine air-rifies, from which they were
shooting buckshot into the enemy.
The boys have been keeping a close watch on
the police since the fight began and the leaders
recognized the approwching policemen, They
eeattered jn all directions, Each policeman
picked out a boy with an air-rifle and gave
chase, The lad whom Conroy was after turned
out to be Charles Koder, iss years old, a son oO
Henry Rider, a tailor of 144 Jersey street, New
Hrighton. The boy led Conroy a half-mile
chase, but was caught in Central avenue, New
Krighton. Crocheron caucht the boy he was
after in St. Pauts avenue, Tompkinevi le. He
proved tobe Thomas Eng'and. 14 yeara old,
son of Frederick England, a barber of 51 Bay
street, Tompkin-ville, The boya were ar-
rested on charges of disorderly conduct.
‘There may be more arrests, but the police
believe that the arrest of the two boys will
effectually break up the mimic warlare.

 

BURNED TO DEATH IN HER ROOMS,

Dead Body of Invalid Woman Foand After
Slight Fire--Boarder Arrested.

Mrs. Mary Munaon, 53 years old, was found
dead yeaterday, with her clothes burned off, on
the floor of her home, 340 East Forty-eighth
street, Mra. Munson was lying near the door
and an unlighted lamp was standing on the
floor at hes side, Thecurtains were afire and

neighbora who broke in the door put out the
blaze.

Detective McLaughlin of the Faat Fifty-first
Btreet atation arrested Samuel A. Howard, @
panerhanger, 62 vears old, who boarded with

trs. Munson, upon the statement of Mra, Mare
guret Hunt, one of the tenanta, who said that
ahe had seen him leave the place about fifteen
minutes before the fire was discovered. He
told the detective that he had gone out to buy
some coal and that Mre Munson was all right
when he left. Mrs, Munson was an invalid and
Bpent most of her time on a couch,

 

“INSIDE WORK," SAYS PRICE,

Sure Mra. Wood's Jewelry and Pawn Tick-
ets Were Stolen by Some One in the House,

The loss of $3,045 worth of jewelry and pawn
tickets reported to the Tenderloin police on
Friday night by Mrs. Joseph Wood of 18 East
Thirty-third street was partially cleared up
yesterday, Captain Price aaid the job was “ine
side work,” meaning that Mrs, Wood's property
had been taken by gore one in her own houses
hold.

‘We have not made any arrests yet.” said
Capt. Price, “but there isn tany doupt that we
Wil eateh the person who stole the property,
Mrs. Wood is the keepero! a boarding house,
Her aetual loss is only $445. There was $4,000
worth of pawn ticket cal ing torjeweiry. My
men have visited the pawn shops and put
“stops” on the tickets.’

   

e

Phi'adelphia's Fine Arta Exhibition,

Porcaperpura, Jan 13.—The Sixty-ninth
Annual Exh: bition of the Pennsylvania Acad-
emy of the Fine Arts was openod to-night by a
reception and private view, It will be contin-
ued until Feb, 24, there being three free days
The exhibition is the most suecessful in the

history of the institution. For the first timea
work from the brush of Miss Cecilia Beaux
occupies the position of boner, the canvas
being a group of two life-size femate feures,
“Motherand Daughter.” Miss Beaux has also
O life-size portraitof Mrs George H. Mebadden
in dinner costume. Among tha leading ex.
hibitors are Winstow J. Homer, Joln S. Sar
gent, J. MoNet] Whistler who shows “Fire.
works: Robert W. Vounoh, Anna Lee Merritt,
John W. Alexander, KastmanJohneon, William
M, Chase, HO. Tanner, ©. H_ Davis, Thomas
Fakens, Rdward Stinmons, J. Aiden Weir,
Fritz Thraseiow. PF. A, Bridgeman, Kenyon
Cox and Louis I'aal Dessar

Death of Miss Law of Luther BR, Marsh's
Household,

Mrpp.etown, N. Y., Jan, 13.~Miss Emma PF.
Law, a member of Spiritualist Luther R.
Marsh's household, died yesterday from the
effects of burns, Miss Law was severely
burned in the early part of the week while as-
sisting inthe preparation of breakfast. The
g ease fromthe pan containing sausage was
spilledon her clothing and it ignited, Since
Mr. Marsh came to Middletown he has made
his home with his medium, Mra J.J. Hayter,
and Miss Law. Miss Low waa Mrs. Huyler’s
intimate friend and was her constant compan.
jon. Miss Law was also @ firm believer in
spiritualism, Her age was about fifty years,
andother Mr. Mershsays; "She wasin every
gense a most accompl shed and estimable wom.
an of the highest type,

Seventeen Weat Point Cadets Discharged,
Hicnrannd Pans, N, Y, Jan. 13,—Seventeen
very unhappy young men left the Military
Avademy to-night, having been found de-
ficient in their studies at the examination just
closed and being accordingly discharged, as
follows: Cooley of Michiwan and Prentiss of
New York. of the second clasa; Sprague of

New York. Burnam of Kentucky, Kussell of
Tiiinoia and Larry of Tennessee, of the third

class; Coury of Ohio, Fri.ge of Mississippi,
Haseall of New Hampshire, Purnett of Alas
bama, Rinssing of Massachusetts, Gehle of
Jowa, Crom of Michigan, Freneh of Kansas

Lacy of Indiana, Falier of Pennsylvania and
Brant of Nebraska, of the fourth class, A few
ofthe above have gone direct to Washington
to make an effort for reinstatement,

Another Blizzard Victim Reported From
Texans,

’

Ex Paso, Tex., Jan. 1), -Another victim of
the recent blizzard in the Sacramento moun-
tains, north of Fl Vaso, has been reported,
John Voss, & prospector, 60 years old, waa
found frozen, at the bent of Cox Caflon, twenty
wiles east of Alamo Gordo,

He started forthe nearest settlement while
the blizzard waa at its height, but was unable
to make his way through the snowdrifts and
er a into a hollow log, where he was found
deud.

 

Forty Vessels Locked 1n a Delaware River
Ice Gorge.

PHILADELPHIA, Jan, 13.--An fee gorge In the
Delaware River, extending from this city to
Trenton, will probably cause considerable

damage to shipping when the lee . breaks.
There are nearly forty veseela locked in the
fee now and it shows no signs of breaking,
The thaw of Thursday, it was thought, would
afford reilef, but last night was very cold and
the floating floes froze together.

VOTTIN:. 8S ABOUT TOWN.

Indge Brown of the United States District Court
hes appointed Wilham Ford Upson receiver ofthe
New York China. Giaas and Toy Company, at 87 and
8 Murray street, under the creditors petition in
bankruptey

the Eleventh Ward Bank has obtained an attach:
Mbt against the New York and New Jersey Fire
Proofing Company for $10,000, on @ note of the
company dated July 1, Iss, payable ax months
atier date, The aitachment wae oitained on the
Ground that it ie a New Jersey corporation.

 

 

 

>

 

WEARINESS

PAINE’S

 

Celery
Compound

GIVES STRENGTH.
Mrs. Mary R. Rubright, Hamburg, Pa.,

writes :

‘‘Three years ago the doctors said I had ner-

vous prostration.

commenced taking Paine’s Celery Compound.

I was barely able to stand when I

After

taking half a bottle I was able to walk about, and

after using three bottles I

felt better than I ever did.

I could do more work, and working was a pleasure
instead of a burden, as so many suffering women

find it.
‘*T have since used

’

Paine’s Celery Compound

for neuralgia and sick headache and always found

instant relief.’’

Paine’s Celery Compound keeps the blood

pure, the body nourished, the nerves strong.

 

DR, JUNES ACCUSKD OF MUi,DER,

A Pine Bush Physician In Jail Charged
With Shooting His Colored Coachman,

Mivpretrowy, N. Y., Jan, 13.—Dr. William
Thomas Jones of Pine Bh, lancuishes in the
Orange county jail eharged with murder in
the second degree. His colored coachman,
Charles Lewis, was found dead at the doctor's
bachelor apartments on Thursday with a bullet
hole in his head. The doctor insists that when

he ran down stairs and found Lewis, he said:
“Why, Charley, what have you been doing?”
and that Char answered. “Good-by, Dve
made a finish of myself,”

Physicians who made the autopey aay that
the man was unsbdle to articulate afrer the bul-
Jet entered the brain, The bullet hole shows
no powder marks or burns, which it undoubt-
edly would if it was a case of suicide, the man's
arm being too shor! to prevent such results
The bole was elean-eut, showing that the shot
was fired atadistanve. Another strong
against the snide theory isthe fauet that the
doctor's revolver lay near the jet hand, while
Lewis was known tobe right-handed Jones
when arrested, seemed to be tull of some kine
of nareotic. At the examination he pleade
not guilty.
was granted one week,
without bail

We Reduce the Cost
on Every Inch

of heavy Weight fabrics remain:
ing On OWr CoWNtcrs to-morrow
morning. Chis comprises the
finest and most select range of
novelties imported for cusiom
Work—-25% 10 33 163% saving
guaranteed, no deviation in the
wality of our work nor with-
rawal of patterns or qualities.

Burnham s Phillips

Custom Tailoring Only,
Cemple Court Aancx, tio Nassau $1.

\

   

lie was committe

 

point |

ad
and at bis request an adjournment |
{

 

[CREE IN DIANS RESTLESS.
ease THIBE sTIMRED uP RY

Falf-Breed and White Mischief-Makers
Tell Them Great Britain Is Robbing
the Boers of Rich Land as They Robbed
the Crees—Giovernment Takes Action.

Toronto, Oat,, Jan. 13.—-News of a some-
what serious nature has been received by the
Dominion Government concerning the Crea
Indians in the Canadian Northwest, The

scene of the trouble ia in the northern portions
of Assinibors, Alberta and Suskatehewan ter-
ritories, where the Indians were stirred up to
rebellion by Louis Kiel in LSM. It was the
Crees that made such a determined stand
against a Canadian corps under command of
) Col, Otter, who is now commanding the frat
Canadian contingent in the operations against
the Boers in South Africa
| The Cree Indias have heard atories abont
the Boer war and the diMeulties that the Brit-
ish are having in South Africa. Misinformed
| half-breeds and disioyal whites have been
earrying storicvs of the Boer warand its causes
among the Indians and have tow (he Crees
that the British are irging to drive out the
Original settlers of the ‘Transvaal in order to
get possession of their roth territory, This has
jad the Crees to take great restin the war.
They have been ied to believe that their own
cure is analawzous to thatof the Hoera and
thatthey hase teen pushed back from the
Jandso the Dominion that were favorable for
settiementin orderto make rooiwn forthe white
Bettlers

At tirat the anxiety of the Crees to obtain In-
formation of the Boer war, they having eagerly
sought! (or every serap of news, was thought to
be merely because they areafighting race
But it appears from the despatehes received by
the Governopent to-day that the interest they
are displaying was of alesse general nature,
Affairs on the Cree reservation bave begun to
havea decidedly unp easant, if not dangerous,
aspect. The Indian svents io the Northweat
have found that (he Crees are mueh exe.tod by
the tales of the white and balf-hreed mischlef-
makers, The agents bare been told by the
Government to counteract these reports by
getting the Indians togetherandexplainina the
facts concerning the Boer war. These agents,
with mounted poliee, have set out forthe Crea
reserve for that purpose,

There are 6,000 Creas in the Northweat, and
{tis realized they are quite capable of mak-
ing serious trouble for the white setters, as
they are all flrat-class flehters. It ia thongne
that the Indian agents, by threatening to pune
ish misconduct, by stopping the Government
tounty, and by other means, will preveot ea
outbreak,

  

oe

=