os

 

_

  

Fv

 

Be

" BUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900,

—
——

Snbscription by Mail, Postpaid,

DAILY, per Month ‘ peeeenevees 80 50
DAILY, per Year ‘ sereiesisneey oe
BUNDAY, per Year avhne 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year #00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month Ww
Postage to foreign countries added,
tux us, New York City,

Panis—Kiosque No, 12, pear Grand Hotel, and
Biosque No, 10, Boulevarde des Capneines

If our friends who favor ua with manusortipte for
Publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
@usl in all cases send stamps for (hat purpone.

 

ee
—

————

A Politieal Blow at Alaska,

Mr. James Cooney, a Member of Con-
gress fromthe State of Missouri, has Intro-
duced in the House of Representatives a
Joint resolution proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States
respecting tie admission of new States
into the Union.

He proposes the addition of this Arttele,
to be numbered XVL:

‘No new Stato, the territory of which, or @ part
thereof, is not contiguous to the United States, shall
be adinitted by the Congress tuto this Union,”

The author of this measure manifestly
wants to bar out Puerto Rico, Hawall and
the Philippines. He would also like to
keep out Cuba, if she should ask to come
into the Union as a State.

Putting these countries out of considera-
tion, why, we should like to know, is a bar-
rier to be put up against the admission of
Alaska?

The President in his Message to the pres-
ent Congress strongly recommends the es-
tablishment of a more highly organized
territorial government in Alaska, The
increased population of that region has
been drawn from our own people, fa-
miliar with free institutions in the
several States from which they have
gone, capable of self-government, and in
every way titted for the privilege of State-
hood, when sufficient in numbers, To deny
to the inhabitants of Alaska all possibility
of ever coming into the Union is to deal an
unmerited blow at a Territory whose future
prosperity ought not to be clouded merely
because our only access to the country is by
@ waterway instead of overland.

After all, whut a foolish thing it would be
for this great republic to tie its own hands,
as this amendment would tie them, in
respect to the admission of States, wherever
they may be situated. Contiguity is not

@ suitable test of admissibility so
much as capacity to live under free
institutions and administer them, The

power of the Government, as exercised
by the people through their Representa-
tives in Congress, should not be tram-
melled by amendments to the Constitution
except in cases of the plainest necessity, so
obvious as to be practically beyond serious
question,

No such case Is presented In behalf of Mr.
Coonry's amendment.

 

 

Uselessness of the Coroners’ Jury.

The following paragraph appeared in
Tue Sun yesterday:

“A Coroner's jury decided yesterday that Pirrro
Po.vora, who stabbed Francisco 810.10 to death ina
quarrel im @ saloon at 319 East 14gth street on
Jan, 6, acted in self-defence, Coron@é® Firzparrice
discharged the prisoner, but he was rearrested by
order of the D.strict Attorney as soon as he got
outside the court yoom and will be arraigned before
@ Magistrate to-day.”

Later the man was held without bail in a
police court, Such an occurrence, 60 far
from being unusual, is a matter of frequent
happening in the Coroners’ courts of the
various boroughs, If the Coroner commits
accused persons to prison to await the
action of the Grand Jury, all goes smoothly;
but it is and has long been the custom,
both of the police officials and of District
Attorneys, to disregard entirely the dis-
charge of prisoners by Coroners when
such action did not seem to them
proper. They have almost invariably been
unwilling to agree to the release of ac-
cused persons before the question of prob-
able guilt has been submitted to the investi-
gation of the Grand Jury. Coroners usually
protest against the arrest of discharged
prisoners under these clreumstances, and
friction between the two sets of officials
fa common. But the Coroners can only
eplutter and the police officers march off
in possession of their prisoners,

Of similar impotency are the investiga-
tions by Coroners’ juries into the causes of
death by accident, as in falling buildings
or in railway disasters. The censures or
recommendations of the Coroners’ courts
are valueless for any future legal proceed-
ings and are, indeed, but empty words.
The question, therefore, beeomes exceed:
ingly pertinent, what is the function of
Coroners’ courts and juries, and what do
they amount to, anyway?

The office of Coroner is one of the oldest,
if not the oldest, known to our Anglo-Saxon
civilization. It originated, in
ages of disorder and lawlessness when
there was hardly anything corresponding to
4 police force, aud the need of soine official
to investigate cases of pecutiar death was
the first thing required, Astime went on and
government attained a more elaborate or-
ganization, these Coroners’ investigations,
except in communities where they were an
actual part of the regular judicial or police
proceeding, became of little value. Iu Eng-
land to-day, for instance, the Coroner sends
an accused person to prison if the jury
charges the latter with guilt; but, ifthe jury
declares that there is no reason to hold the
accused, the verdict is acquiesced in by the
law officers of the Crown, unless it is on its
face a gross miscarriage of justice, A
Coroner's investigation, under such cireum-
stances, is clearly useful,

In the interior of New York, up to within
a few years, Coroners’ investigations were
conducted with old-lashioned minuteness
and were prolific causes of trouble and
expense to citizens and taxpayers, Wit-
nesses, jurors and Coroners were paid by
the fee system. The fees were large and
the taxpayers grumbled. They saw that
the cases were mostly those of an unim-
portant character where the causes of
death were obvious, In important cages the
police and District Attorney acted indepen-
dently. The candidates for coronerships
were often forced to pledge themselves that
they would not summon juries and hold
Yortmal investigations save when absolutely
hecessary, But this did not accomplish
large results. A general movement
throughout the rural communities for the
entire abolition of Coroners culminated at
the last session of the Legislature in the
enactment of two amendments to the
etatutes, one giving the Boards of Super-

visors of each county power to pay

Coroners by salaries instead of by fees, and,
@nother, abolishing Coroners’; juries, save

of course,

sss ss uss lls Ss Sse
_ eS... :=:=:=:—..c

 

| In cities of the first clase, This reduced

the functions of Coroners in all places
of the Stato, save in our own elty and in
Buffalo, to a mere ‘ Medical Examinership ”
suchas is the case in many other States,
notably in Massachusetts, Coroners in the
interior of the State, who are almost always
physicians, now do little more than look
into all sudden or unexplained deaths, and
either make a preliminary commitment of
accused persons for probable cause, or call
suspicious circumstances to the attention
of the District Attorney.

Woe believe that the amendments making
these changes as they were first intro-
duced in the Legislature were made to ap-
ply to the whole State, without restriction;
but that Buffalo and our own city were
finally exempted from their operation be-
cause of the curtailment of political pat-
ronage that would otherwise be effected,
We are bound to say that we can con-
velve no other reason, save the ignoblo
one suggested, why Coroners’ juries
should not be abolished in this city and In
Buffalo, as well as elsewhere, We mean no
criticism of the present Coroners who, we
do not question, ara honest and intelligent
men, when we say that tho administration
of their office in this city is now and has for
a long time been a series of thoroughly per-
functory, costly, annoying and wholly use-
lesa proceedings. No one can doubt this
for an instant who will take the slightest
trouble to be present at @ hearing before a
Coroner, Many of the old and valuable
practices of the office, such as the viewing
of the body by the jury, havo been entirely
abffitioned and the “inquest” {!s jammed
through as rapidly as possible,

There is no reason whatever why the
functions now performed by the Coroners
and their juries could not be entirely and
properly conducted by the officials now
known as Coroners’ physicians, who should,
just as in the country, make a preliminary
investigation and report to the police cases
that may seem to merit their attention,

 

 

Bets on the Century.

In Tur Svn’s opinion, the whereabouts of
the dividing line between the 19th and
20th century 1s, in all reason, to be found
at the end of the present year, 1900,
When, however, the subject {s approached
in the manner of the subjoined communtica-
tion, the case requires special treatment
from which mere reason or probability
must stand out:

To rae Eprror or Tar Sor—Sir: The Buffalo In-

quirer Was recently asked to decide when the 20th
century began, as 4 sporting matter, and the answer

‘As the Pope of Rome ts considered « better
mathematicianthan Emperor Witiiam of Germany
and bis Holiness comes out for 1901, I will stick to
him and pay off bets on his decision.”

Was this decision right, and should beta be paid
on it? L. R

The decision was right, but bets, which
cannot be determined by opinion or proba-
bility, but require certainty, must be de-
clared off,

The century dispute hinges on the {dea
that the number used in connection with a
certain year refers not to the year itself
but to the year preceding. This again
comes from a notion that the first year was
the year 0, This, again, originates, per-
haps, in the fact that some astronomers,
for easier computation when the years be-
fore or after the birth of Christ are in-
volved, call acertain year 0. Of this the
Encyclop@dia Britannica says:

“Astronomers denote the year which preceded the
first of our era by zero, and the year previous to
that by 1 B.C. But chronologers, in conformity
with the common notion, call the year preceding the
era 1 B,C, the previous vear 2 B. C,, and #0 on,”

Not every astronomer uses @ year 0, bud
no astronomer looks upon the first year of
the Christian era as other than 1 A. D,

A letter upon the aubject found tn the
London Times, contains this information:

“In the 18th century, and long afterward,
people used ordinal numbere with the words
Anno Domini. Thus they wrote Anno Domint
M.CC.LIIMJ:., not Anno Domini M.CC.L.IIIIor, If
inaccurate translat.ous, such as ‘In the year of our
Lord one thousand two hundred and fifty-four’ had
not come {nto use instead of ‘In the one thonsand
two hundred and fifty-fourth year of our Lord,’ the
controversy about the beginning of the century
would never have arisen,”

In the 18th chapter of HErRscHez.1's
“Outlines of Astronomy” there are these
clear statements:

‘In the historical dating of events there teno year
A.D.0, The year immediately previous to A. D. 1
is always called B.C,14% * &

“The years are denominated as years current (not
as years elapsed) fromthe midnight between the 81st
of December and the 1st of January immediately
snubsequentt)the birth of Christ, according to the
chronological determination of that event by Diowr-
sive Extcrvs.” © © ®

‘A date, whether of a day or year, always ex-
presses the day or year current and not elapsed,"’

Days, months, years and centuries are
named by numbers, Fourteenth, or 14, is
the nameof to-day. January is the name of
the month. Nineteen hundred isthe name
ofthe year, Nineteenth, or 19,is the name
of thecentury, We are inthem all, not past,
The name is given to each at its birth,
goes immediately into common use, and
lasts throughout its life. 1,14, 1900 would
be a common way of dating a letter written
to-day, all cardinal numbers with an ordinal
significance. Why some people should say
that the year alone has no name while it is
incomplete, and that the name associated
with it is really the title of the year from
which we have last Q@oerged, is one of the
things no fellow can find out; but there
you are,

Hence the boundary line of the 19th and
20th centuries being, reasonably or unrea-
sonably, disputed, no bets about it go,

Mr. Balfour on England’s Wars,

™ the speech which he delivered the
other day at East Manchester, and which
seoms to haveafforded but little consolation
to his countrymen, Mr. A. J, BALFouUR as-
serted that England had emerged trium-
phant from al! of her wars, with the single
exception of the contest which closed with
the acknowledgment of the independence
of the United States. Considered merely
as a historical question, it may be worth
while to consider how far Mr. Barrour’s
assertion is sustained by facts.

Let us begin with the early years of the
fourteenth century, when, on the field of
Bannockburn, the independence of Scot.
land was assured, the definite union of
that kingdom with England, which
EpwARD I. was so near effecting, being
by that battle postponed for almost four
centuries, Then came the war between
England and France, in the course of
Which, after the victories of Creey and
Poitiers, great ‘conquests were made by
Epwarp IIL at the cost of the French
monarchy, Before that king had died,
however, all was lost save Calais, the
Gascon cities of Bordeaux and Bayonne
anila few other points inthe south, The
reign of his grandson, Ricnarp IL, saw
an actual French invasion of England, in
which the Isie of Wight was ravaged and
Hastings burned. Up to this date Eng-
land, certainly, ™ not emerged trium-

\

  

 

    
 

    

 

phant from the war with France. After
1415, however, which witnessed the vic-
tory at Agincourt, all seemed changed, and,
in 1422, Henry VI. was actually crowned
King of France as well as of England. Yet,
thirty years later, nothing 1emained of the
conquests of Henny Y, eveept Calais in the
north and Bordeaux in the south, and
when, in 1463, the last-named city fell detl-
nitely into French hands, the hope of re-
galning Aquitaine passed away forever,

Mr. BaLFoun can ecarcely apply the
name of triumph to this inglorious end-
ing of the Hundred Years’ War. EDWARD
IV. ia described as a great warrior, and,
undoubtedly, he was successful aainst
domestio rivals, but when, in 1475, he
began an invasion of France, he went

\
|
home without glory or conquest, though
with some French money in his pocket.
There was another war with Franco under
Epwakrp VI. which resulted in the loss
of Boulogne, which Hrwry VIII. had cap-
tured; the next war with France, which
took place inthe reign of his elder elster,
cost England the possession of Calais,
the name of which town Mary TUDOR sald
would be found branded on her heart.
These contests, surely, did not close tri-
umphantly.

We pass to the relgns of the first two
Srvarts. The attempt of Jamxs I, to rets-
tablish his son-in-law in the Palatinate
ended in miserable failure, and so did the
great expedition against Cadiz under
Cakes I, Equally abortive was CHARLES'S
war with France, tho principal alm of
which was the relief of La Rochelle. As for
the war which CuaRr.xs IL, bribed by Louis
XIV., made against Holland, it suffices to
recall the fact that a Dutch fleet rode ex-
ultant inthe Thames, and burned English
warships in the Medway, In the War of
the Spanish Succession, splendid victories
wero won by MARLBOROUGH, but no fair-
minded person will contend that the con-
test ended gloriously for England, for the
Peace of Utrecht conceded tho very thing
which Wiitram III. and MarLBonovuas
had battled to prevent, namely, the acces-
sion of a Bourbon to the throne of Spain
and of the Indies, If Mr. Banrovrean dis-
cern atriumph for England in the War of
the Austrian Succession which closed in
1748 with the Peace of Aix-la-Chapelle, he
can see more than any patriotic English-
man was ablo to recognize at the time,

We come now to the war with France
which lasted from 1793 to 1802, What
triumph was there for England in the Peace
of Amiens, which broke the heart of Wi1-
LIAM Prt, and by which almost everything
was renounced upon the Continent for which
England had contended for nine years?
The last contest to which we shall refer was
the War of 1812 between England and the
United States, which witnessed the repeated
defeat of English by American frigates and
the disastrous rout of an army of Peninsu-
lar veterans under WELLINGTON’sS brother-
in-law at New Orleans,

It will be admitted that the facts are
very far from supporting Mr. Banroun's
assertion. He {is a university man and
ought to be well informed, but we opine
that he did not take honors in the school of
modern history.

 

Hoe and Pocketbook.

According to a song of much summary
philosophy, ‘the colored man picks the
cotton and the white man gets the money.”
Why are we not all rich? Why do most of
us have to work? Are not the rich rich
because they systematically rob the poor?
Old and perhaps not especially fruitful
questions, which are repeated in substance
in another column by an aggrieved citizen
of Brooklyn, who takes Mr. EpwIn Mank-
HAM’s immortal poem for a text, ‘ Why,”
he asks, ‘does the Man with the Hoe so
seldom become even moderately well-to-
do?” The trouble is to agree upon the
sense of ‘‘ well-to-do.” Shall we say that a
man should be so esteemed who has the

ordinary comforts and even some of the
luxuries of life, who is able to send his
children to the public schools, who runsa

little ahead and nut behind every year? If
so, the country is full of well-to-do laborers,
They have money in the banka.
many of them own their houses, They are
prosperous men, They constitute the
great majority of the adult male population
ofthe country, Ifthey were not well-to-do
as a class, the country would be in a bad
Way.

But why are they not rich? Because the
talent or genius, as it should be called, for
making a great fortune is asrare as genius
is in other branches of human effort. To
get rich in the fierce competitions of busi-
ness &@ man must have a combination of
penetrative intellect and sagacious judg-
ment. As @ manufacturer he must find
new processes and new economies, As a
merchant he must grasp all the intricate
details of the market ahead of his com-
petitors, This large vision will be found in
most of the men who make themselves
rich, Commodores VANDERBILT foresaw the
mighty possibilities of railroads and he
devoted himself to them and let steam-
boats slide, A successful investor in real
estate, like the late AMos R. Eno, for ex-
ample, must have in his mind's eye a pic-
ture of the city as it is to be, He has to
see the direction of greatest growth in
value; to look ahead perhaps twenty or
thirty years. Few judgments are equal to
that. It is said, we know not how truly,
that 90 per cent, of the persons in business
fail soon or later. The prizes are few.

Even the seemingly plodding art of fru-
gality, of slow accumulation is not easy.
Quick come, quick gone is the happy-go-
lucky history of a good deal of money.
To lay up is even an art despised of many,
The inability to have the cake and to eat it
does seem one of the foolishest things in
nature, but it is a law not to be repealed.

As for the ‘‘gentleman” who, like his
predecessor of Beacon Hill, “nover worked
and neyer will,” what hurt does he do to
the Man withthe Hoe? Tho father or his
grandfather, &# Man with the Hue to start
with, had the genius to get rich. This son
or grandson lives on the interest of the
principal, which is invested in enterprises
that employ labor, His money is working
forhim. It isnot “idle wealth.” It keeps
him and plenty of other fellows going. If
Mr, CARNEGIE ever said that the people
who do the most of the work never get
rich, he said a sentimental and not a sayra-
cious thing. He has done a good deal of
work, and has got rich by his remarkable
skill and energy; and he started from
nothing as nywst of our makers of great
fortunes do, Has he “robbed the poor?”
Did Prrer Cooper “rob the poor?”

Alas! This isthe old sour way of looking
at superiority of any kind, We dont he-
lieve that many persons in all this nation

of laborers have this envious =a

A great

Because JOHN Dor has more money than
Ricwarp Rog, must Jonn hava robbed
RICHARD? As well might the midget eom-
plain that the giant had robbed him of his
cubits, Perhaps our Brooklyn correspond-
ent holds with M, Provpnon, but in this

       

  

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900,

Se

case he must remember that a hoe is theft
as well as a steam yacht.

Instead of glancing back at serfdom ‘or
the sake of appreciating the swift and sure
progress of the world, our dissatisfied
Brooklynite assumes that the laborer js as
low as ever. As @ matter of fact, the
modern laborer has conveniences and com-
forta which the highest old lords and
masters of three hundred years ago could
not have, But the great change lies in the
fact that moet of the masters, lords and
rulers of the United States come from the
“robbed” and deprived class which our
Brooklyn Markhamite pities,

Mr. MARKHAM’s immortal poem has no
application to the United States, Here the
Man with the Hoe has as good a chance as
anybody else and may rise to any place for
which his powers fit him, Or if he sinks,
he can become a Bryanite shouter and
yawp about the “ wrongs” of the “ produc-
ing classes,”

 

The Middle-of-the-Roadsters.

The Middle-of-the-Road Populists of
Texas, who polled 60,000 votes for their
separate Bryan and Watson electoral
ticket Im 1896 and 115,000 votes for
BaRNETT Gibbs, their nominee for Gov-
ernor in 1898, bave been holding a
conference and announce their deter-
mination of holding a meeting at Waco
in March to put in nomination candi-
dates for Governor and other officers,
to oppose any further harmonizing
with the Democrats, to elect delegates
to a Middle-of-the-Road Populist Conven-
tion, and to adopt as their motto in the
1900 campaign the words “Down With
Fusion.” These Middle-of-the-Road men
might, perhaps, under different conditions,
be large factors in the contest of 1900,
but for the circumstance that their
sincerity has been discredited by the Demo-
cratic alllance of 1896 when their ‘ princi-
ples” were bodily confiscated,

Despite a record of a quarter of a million
votes cast for their separate electoral
ticket four years ago, they are now of no
importance, In the Eastern States the
Middle-of-the-Road Populists have been
absorbed by other eccentric factions, and in
the five States in which they ran candidates
last year their vote was insignificant: 1,694
in Iowa, 4,856 in Michigan, 1,088 in Penn-
sylvania} 3,033 in Kentucky and 6,097
in Mississippi. In the last State, they
showed the greatest voting strength in the
absence of any Republican State ticket, a
condition of affairs that is found also in
Texas, where in the State election of 1898
the Republicans did not put up a State
ticket, although two years before Mr,
McKIntey had received 170,000 votes.

The Middle-of-the-Roadstersin Waco must
be sanguine indeed if they do not recog-
nize the fact that ciroumstances are not
now propitious for crank parties or parties
of crank statesmen in the United States,
the people of which have little use for the
nhostrums of agitators.

 

In @ long speech to a short audience in
Washington, the Hon, Gzorag Srwart Bovut-
WELL put forth the dreadful notion that some-
body or other {s trying to dish the republio
and setupanempireontheruins, The guilty
person ought to be smoked out, Mr. Bour-
WELL should name him and move that he be
condemned to the Hole-in-the-Sky to which
the Groton statesman sentenced ANDREW
JOHNSON.

 

The medal presented on the Massachu-
setts yosterday to Lieut. Victron Brum by the
women of South Carolina wasa graceful com-
pliment, well deserved. Lieut. Bog was one
ofthe many men recommended by the Preai-
dent for reward for distinguished services
whom the fight toincrease the honors assigned
to Rear Admiral ScHLEY prevented from
receiving any recognition on the part ofthe
Government,

 

For the benefit of Col. Bryan, Jackson
Day has been prolonged go as to come the rest
of this month and al! of next. He has a long
list of Jacksonian engagements and was forced
to ask for an extension of time. He will not
catch up with Jackson until long after Wasn-
INoTON’s Birthday.
the United States.

—_—__

SAVINGS AND

The busiest performer in

 

SAVERS,

 

Immense Increase in Savings Banks Depos-
{tors and Deposits,

To Tne Epitor or Tue Sun—Sir: The sav-
inge of our people are simply enormous, and
speak well for their care and thrift, The fol-
lowing figures taken from the Comptroller's
reportin Washington, giving the progress of
the savings banks in the United States forthe
past five years, may prove interesting to your

readers:
1895,

Number of Savings Banks in 0.8...
Total deposits, .....,cererecceecoessrss
Surplus.....
BUDdry ASGCCW, os rereeectrererecse reves

1,020
$1,841,000,000
168,000,000
¥,000,000

Total ABBOtm, 0. reer.. ce sceevseeeess $2,018,000,000
1899.

Number of Savings Banks inU,6.,.. 042

Total Deposits, ...es..c.s scree eeeveres 92,199,000,000

Burplus. ......r06 a 195,000,000

 

SOE RN OOOO eee eee eee renee

 

BUNALF ASAOEB. cr crrecrcrersccecreveree 7,000,000

teeeeeceeese® $2,401,000,000

Therefore our savings in five years have
Increased $388,000,000; the number of depos.
{tors has also increased during the same period
643,000, and the average deposit per person
has risen from $369 to $305,

Truly we may congratulate ourselves; a
recent trip abroad has strengthened my con-
vietion that, as @ people, we live better and
with more comfort, and at the same time save
more money, than any other nation in the
world, Wi..iaM Han wart,

51 Coampers Sr., New York, Jan, 13,

Total asmets.......scesereee

Zion Churches,

To tae Fprtor or Tue Sun—Sir: In the story
in to-day’s Sus headed ‘' Discord in Two Churches,”
it should have been mentioned that both of the
churches are for colored peop,

Briporrorr, Jan. 11, A Constant Reapgs,

Our correspondent is mistaken, The churches re-
ferred to were identified as of colored congregations
by the word Zion, the common style that denotes
colored churches,

Descendant of a Signer Killed in Sonth
Africa,

Prom the Birmingham Age Herald

Lieut, Charles Carroll Wood of the Lancasbire
Regiment, who was kiiledin battle with the Boers
in the Transvaal the other dav, was of Southern an-
He was thesonof John Taylor Wood, who
distinguished himself in the Navy of the Confeder.
ate States in the Anerican Civil War. After the fall
of the Confederacy, John Taylor Wood concluded not
to remmuin inthe United States, and he took up his
residence in Canada, His children have been
brought up as sublects of the British Queen. Lieut,
Wood's mother wasa Mise Mackubin of Maryland,
who sprang from the famous Carrolla of Carrollton.

cestry

Shedding Their Fool's Caps.
From the Detroit Journal.

Teacher~FPiret clase, in fool's caps. atand up!
mit bad, at th: commencement of the Christian era,
started to la up $1 per year, when would he have
secured bia Orat dollar?

Class At the close of the year 1,

‘Teacher=Correct. When wonld he have laid ap
the lust cent of hia secoud dollar?

Ciass—At th: close of the year 2,

Feacher- Correct, Now, when would he have
oorral/ed the jast cent of his 1y00th dollar?

Clase ~At the end of the 100th year

Tea her—Correct, Now go to your seata and take
off those caps, You know more than the folks who
are #nart.

(P. 3.—There are as many cents in e dollar as there
are years ine centuryy

Ifa

—_——__

 

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

Gen, French seems to be steadily elbow.
ing his way toward the Orango River at
Norval’s Pont, pushing the Boors back frst
from his left and now from hia right. Having
occupied positions to the west end north of
Colesberg covering tho roads to the north,
he ts now reported to be engaged in trying
to envelop their left flank and. drive them
up the road toward Norval’s Pont, or cut
thelr commuoteations, About halt way
between Colesberg junction and Achtertang
station there isa range of hills through which
the railway Passes, the principal positiona on
which are hold by the Boers, and it is to dis-
lodge them from these positions that he has
begun the movement reported from Cape Town
Against their left flank, From the report ofa
reconnolssance made toward Achtertang it
would appear that the Boers have decided to
make 4 stand at that point, as they were found
to have guns in position, and their defences
are said to be surrounded by wire entangle-
ments,

As tothe situation onthe Modder River and
inthe neighborhood of Sterkstroom, there ts
complete silence, forthe reason probably that
there are things going on which the British War
Office desires to keep close, There js equal
reticence with regard to affairs on the Tugela,
the only news from that quarter being pub-
lished in a Vienna paper on the authority of a
telegram from Brussels, probably apocryphal,
that tho Boers had stormed all the positions
round Ladysmith, which was expected to
capitulate at any moment,

Meanwhile it is Interesting to learn that
among the papers left behind at Dundee by
the British when they hurriedly evacuated
that place in October, were a number of docu-
ments of present military and future historical
value, They are now in the possession of tha
Transvaal Government and unveil a thor-
oughly worked-out scheme to attack the inde-
pendence of both the republics as far back as
1506, notwithstanding constant assurances of
amity toward the Oranges Free State,
Among these papers thers are portfolios of
military sketches of various routes of invasion
from Natal into the Transvaal and Free State,
prepared by Major Grant, Capt. Melville and
Capt. Gale, immediately after the Jameson
raid, A further portfolio, marked secret,
styled “Reconnoissance Reports of Lines of
Advance Through the Free State,” was pre-
pared by Capt. Wolley, in the Intelligeuco
Division of the War OMee, in 1897; and tt is
accompanied by a special memorandum,
signed by Sir Redvers Buller, to keep it
secret, But both the Transvaal and Free
State Governments seem either to have
been wo!l served by their agents, or their mili-
tary leaders divined the intentions of the
British Government, for it became known to
them soon after Gen. White arrived in Natal
that he had orders not to wait a declaration of
hostilities but to seize the Van Reenen's Pass
whenever he considered himself strong
enough to act. So soon as the Free Stato
Government was warned of the premedi-
tated aggression of the British Government
{t determined to forestall it, and before
Gen, White could act the Free State forces
had occupled and = fortifled the pass,
thus blocking the main avenue by which the
British had proposed making their principal
advance against the Transvaal. These facts
throw considerable light on much that was ob-
acure in connection with the decision taken by
the Transvaal Government not to wait for the
British to make the first move, but to anticipate
them and carry the war into the British terrt-
tory. They alsogo to explain the confusion
into which the whole British plan of campaign
was thrown when it was found that the advance
from Ladysmith through the Urange Free State
was no longer practicable, Copies of the docu-
ments captured at Dundee have, it is sald,
been submitted to the Governments of the
great European powers.

A brief telegram from the Modder River
Camp states that heavy cannonading was
heard in the direction of Kimberley on Wed-
nesday, but beyond that nothing was known,

 

GEN, WITSON ON THE CUBANS,

 

Ho Tells How Best to Relieve the Needs of
the Cuban People,

Wasnrxaton, Jan. 13.—Gen. James FH. Wil-

aon, Military Commander of the Provinces of
Matanzas and Santa Clara, Cuba, delivered an
address to-day to the members of an American
Auxillary of the Cuban Provisional Red Cross,
Gen, Wilson had been asked to explain what,
{n his opinion, would be the best manner to ree
lieve the needs of the people of Cuba, and tn
his address he reviewed very fully the condl-
tions now existing in Cuba. He sala:
Q"If intervention on our part had been delayed
ten months longer the whole of the agricul-
tural district would have been dead. But, with
our help, the spectro of want has been driven
away, I want to tell you thatthe Cuban people
are Just as benevolent as you are, They made
the most heroio sacrifices, Hundreds of men
died of starvation in order that their wives and
children might live.”

The achool system prescribed by lawin Cuba,
he said, is as good as ours. The teachers are
not as well equipped as ours because there ara
no normal schools or such institutions in the
island, but many of them were educated in this
country, He spoke,as an instance, of a school
taught by a graduate of Cornell in a town in
hia district. He had fifty-four pupils and all
apoke English as well, almost, as we do, and
could hold their own with any similarnumber
of scholars in the same grade in this country.
There were no divided schools in Cuba,

“In extending your assistance to the schools
of Cuba,” said Gen, Wilson, “confine yourself
tothe matter of furnishing books and desks
and school appliances, There {9 no necessity
for establishing new ones. The books and
appliances were all worn out or destroyed dur-
ing the years of the revolution

“Tetanus is universal in Cuba. A wound in
the foot of ahuman being or of an animal {s
almost sure to result in lockjaw, Shoes and
stockings, therefore, light clothing or the ma-
terial to make up are the chief requisites,
There isnouse sending your cast off winter
clothing down there, forit cannot be worn. In-
dead, there isno use in sending anything but
money to Cuba and an intelligent representa-
tive to direct its expenditure. IT can quote
the “coon” song of May Irwin very appropri-
ately as regards Cuba in the extension of
charity, ‘If vou aint got no money you needn't
come around.’ The Red Cross, [am sorry to
pay, has already wasted much money tn eatab-
lishing eleemosynarylinstitutiongand then find-
ing funds were lacking to conduct them, De-
vote your help to assisting the institutions
already established. Teachers and kinder-

artners may be sent with wisdom, but bear
nmind that light clothing, plenty of shoes and
stockings, medicines that. will build up
enervated systema are what are needad
Everything e!se would bea work of superero-
gation.

“Tt is the only tropijal country in whieh the
social efficfency ofthe white man has been
proven. Benjamin Gill's book to the contrary
notwithstanding. The Cuban whites are just
4s strong, st as industrious, just as benevolent
asthe same classin this country, IT declare,
without reservation, that inthacitiesof Matan-
gas and Santa Clara, ranging in popuiation
from 12,000 to 40,000 people there is leas vio-
lence, less lawlessness than there isin any cit-
jes ofthe same size inthe United States, ‘There
{ano more humane. no more kindly peop!
than the Cubans, Every unkindly term that
has been leveled at them has been unjust and
untrue,”

Gen, Wilson was asked by one of the ladles
Whether the Spapiards or the Cubans repre.
sented the best class of the eltizenaof the
island. “The Cubans,” he responded withem-
phasis,

  
   

Meat and Cancer.

From the Hospital

The question how far the [ncroase of cancer
among the more highly civilized nations,
Which has appeared so marked during recent
years, is caused by the greater quantity of meat
Which iseaten in prosperous countries is a
matter of very considerable that
man is by natureno? a vegetarian, in other
words that he is naturally nota mixed feoecter,
may he token as pretty cortain; but itis also
certain thatasthe resultof hard necessity meat
has generally in times past been to him atux-
ury, and has but rarely tound a preponcerating
elementin his diet. But with prosperity and
with the greater ease with which animal food
can now be obtained we find whole nations fall.
ing upon meat os a necessary ingredient of
their daily diet; and in the very nations among
whom this change is most noticeable we are
told that ogncer shows the greatest increase,

interest

 

 

 

——

NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEL

 

Search for a Chairman to Sucoced Senator
Jones—Review of the Possibilities.

Wasnrnatox, Jan. 12.~Three national elec-
tions were won for the Democratic party with,
respectively, Senator Barnum of Connecticut,
Senator Gorman of Maryland and State Secre-
tury Harrity of Pennsylvania, three Eastern
statesmen, as chairmen of the National Demo-
cratic Committees, Senator Jones of Arkansas,
who became national chairman tn 1800, was
the tirst Western or Southwestern Democrat
to occupy that post, His retention in 100
has become uncertain through personal and
factional differences,

Jones hails from a Btate overwhelmingly
Democratie, from a section of country in which
there are no doubtful electoral votes, and his
“management” of the 1808 canvass was not
brilliant. Thismay have been due to his lack
of funds, but that doesn’t enter Into calcula.
tions. The selection of another chairman must
be, from present appearances, no easy task, for
there have been a most unusually large num-
ber of political fatalities aince 1898 among
those whose qualifications for the post were
accepted as at least serious,

Goebel of Kentucky, who seemed likely to be
tho Democratic “man on horseback” as an
effective leader and manipulator, sustained tn
his own State a defeat which makes impracti-
cable his further promotion, irrespective of
any action taken by the Frankfort Legislature
or its members,

McLean of Ohio, whose recommendations as
almouer of campaign funds for a party in great
need of them in 1000, and whose strategetic
ability was highly prized till practically teated,
failed utterly inthe handling of his own can-
vass and was overwhelmed with disaster in
Ohio, Altgeld of Illinois, whose undoubted
abjities asan organizer and campaign man-
ager were generally recognized in 1800, when
he was Governor, was a candidate for Mayor of
Chicago, in April, 180, and was disastrously
defeated, failing to carry a single ward of that
city of many wards, and arousing antagonisms
which would make dangerous his selection for
the post, except by deliberate sacrifice, in ad-
vanve, of the electoral vote of Illinois,

Tho Demoeratic party in the New England
States, decadentin character and diminished
in membership, is without available leaders
for the national contest, The last hope was
blasted when, at the recent election in Boston,
Gen. Collins, the Democratic candidate for
Mayor, was defeated in that Demooratic city,

The obstacles to Democratic succesa in New
Jersey have been numerous and increasing
since 18.5, Former Senator Smith staked
everything for the Democrats upon the elec-
tion of 1808 for Governor; they fell far short of
the vote required, and Smith went down,

In Missouri, from which former Gov, Stone
hails, there has recently sprung upa contest
long deferred between the two wings of the
Democratic party there, one representing & pro-
gressive faction of voters in the northern coun-
ties, and the other Confederate soldiers and
theirsuccessora in the southern tierof counties
and in the back woods districts, The acceptance
of any Missourt chairman for the Democratio
National Committee. while bringing nothing of
benefit to the Democratic fight in 1900, would
put in peril the support of the State which gave
Bryan his largest electoral vote and which the
Republicans are hopeful of carrying this year,

There are no longer any representative Dem-
ovrats—no successors to Hendricks, Williams,
MeDonald, Landers or Voorhees—in Indiana,
now forthe first time in popular recollection
represented by two Republican United States
Senators. Indiana has been politically over-
shadowed, since she ceased being an October
State, by the two neighboring States of Ohio
and Illinois,

The disastrous defeat of the Democrats in
Iowa, the return of Kansas to the Republiean
column and the manifest impracticability of
tho acceptance of any trans-Mississipp! chair-
man on any other issue but that of radical
silverism, reduces the Democratio party to the
alternative of either retaining Jones as chair-
man or of seeking as a campaign manager
Martin of Virginia, recently redlected by the
Legislature of that State after a hard
battle in which his qualities asa political leader
were put to a serious test, Martin 18 a Democrat
of conservative proclivities and Eastern connec-
tions. He is of middle age, will be a Senator
until 1907, and is certain to havethe support
of the Maryland Democrats, who have a vic-
tery to their credit {in that State and control
not only ita administration, but the municipal
affairs of Baltimore as well.

The Western and Southwest radicals, the
foes of railroads, trusts and all combinations
of capital, have little use for Martin, however,
andthe proposition {s made that, in addition
to being the candidate, Bryan will be asked to
take the chairmanship of the Democratic Na-
tional Committee and to become at once the
party's Presidential candidate, the chief advyo-
cate of hisown election, and the manager of
the political details connected with it—the arch-
itect, soto speak, of his own political fortunes
and, to use a New York colloquialism, “the
whole shooting gallery.”

Whatis much more probable than this, how-
ever, is that Jones of Arkansas, Hempstead
county, into the capital township of which two
railroad trains run daily, will remain in charge,

The search though for a better chairman
ofthe Democratic National Committee than
Jones for 100 ts not likely to be abandoned
until after the meeting of the convention,
Meanwhile the existing committees meets here
on Feb, 22,

 

THE MAN WITH THE HOR,

His Big Work and Small Pay—Is He Robbed
by the Rich?

To THE Eprron or tue SuN—Sir: I should
like to have something to say in the Man with
the Hoe discussion now raging, if you can give
mespace, Andrew Carnegie can scarcely be
accused of radicalism, yet he is credited with
having sald; "The greatest surprise of my life
was to find that the people who do the work of
the world never get rich.” The Man with the
Hoe is a type of the men who do the work of
the world, He has worked hard from his early
life, and will do so till he dies. The chances
are that he will never have more than the
barest of physical necessities, and there are
those who will even envy him theav,

Why does the Man with the Hoe so seldom
become even moderately well-to-do?

Here is a‘’gentleman.” who never worked
and who probably never will. He spends histime
between the fashionable clubs, social funetions,
races, hotels, theatres, travelling—in short,
amusing himself to the top of his bent all the
days of his life. How does it come thar,
monthly, quarterly or yearly, golden streams of
wealth pour into this man's pockets, so that all
he hasto do js to spend his income? What is
the souree of his inconie?

There was atime when the rich man owned
the Man with the Hoe, and got his wealth ina
way that every one could understand. The
Man with the Hoe has now been freed from
slavery, But he works as hard as ever, and is
as. aa ever, The masters of the world do
as little work as ever, and are as rich aa ever--
or richer,

1s it not a reasonable inference that the rich
are still in some way extracting their riches
from the Man with the Hoe? Lbelieva the Man
with the Hoe is robbed! [believe it wrong to
denounce those who would do something to

top the robbery, [believe your idea of leav-

ne him content with his lot is a swinish phi-

losophy 3 STEPHEN Beit

150 SouTH SECOND STREET, BRooKLYN, Jan. 11,
‘ 8

THE TALU! 1H LYNCHERS,
Italy Intimates That Their Punishment Is
Necessary to Fall Redress,
WasmInuton, Jan. 13 —The Italian Govern-
ment, through its Ambassador here, has inti
mated strong!y to the State Department that it

regards the punishment of the persons engaged |

in the lynching of tive Italians at Talolah, La.
os romsary fo the full redrese which Etaly haa
asked, Owing to the facet that the erime is With.

 

  
 

Inthe jurisdiction of the State courts an | not
amenable to bederal vorisdietion, the national
Government is obliged to await the action of
The boul-tana tribunals, Heretofore the sey.
Cral iiteroational incidents eaused by the
Ivnehing Of italian subjeets in the United
States | Ma uated by the payment of

» the families of the persons
Iynehed ss uIWAYS appropriating the
amounts ed on, On account of the inti-
mation from Traly, efforts will be renewed by
the sare ean to severe the passage of billa
providing that cases involving injury to for.
eiguers shall be tried iu the Federal courts, -

Hidetarite
‘

   

 

 
           

Neither Fire nor Hard Blows Will Explode
It, and It te not Affected by Cord,

Wasuinoton, Jan, 13.-The Ordnance Bureay
of the Navy, under Adintral O'Neill, has begun
the investigation of a new bigh explosive
known 08 marsite, the discovery ofa Mr. Hath.
away of Wellxboro, Pa. Preliminary tests ofthe
compound have been made under the direetion
of Commander Joseph Eaton of the navy, and
good resulta have so far been obtained, All the
great European powers are experimenting
with new high explosives with a view to sa.
curing Acompound which combines great ve.
locity with low pressure and safety, The
ordnance experts of the army haya undere sy.
sideration an explosive known as thorite,
which is claimed to be a nitrate compound,
and now the navy has taken up marsite, wh oy
is also believed to be a nitrate compound, The
inventor of marsite has not yet disclosed the

composition of lila explosive, but he hae
demonstrated to Commander Baton that it is
one of the safest explosives in the world to
handle,

Commander Faton recently witnessed an ex.
hibition at Lowell, Mass., where the explosive
was subinitted to a pumber of unheard-of
testa. [tlooks like adark clay and there was
no little trepidation when the inventor pro-
eveded to pound it with a hammer to break it
into smal! pieces. He demonstrated that it is
impossible to produve an explosion with it by
hard blows, anda further trial showed that it
would not explode wheo ahted. The flame
caused it nerely to sizzle for a second and the
light went out, To explode maraite it is necesa+
sary touse simultaneously the combined forces
of percussion and concussion, In conducting the
experiments these forces were secured by the
use of an electric battery. and to show
its great power @ quantityef the « impound
was placed in a d-inch shell, which was
placed in an excavation in the ground, Over
the hole was a sereen of steel one inch thiok,
and a wooden structure was bullt ontop. The
current was turned on, and the explosion tore
a hole in the steel plate and burst the shell fa
thousands of fragments, Most explostves lose
their power when in contact with great cold,
but marsite was placed between two large
cakes of ice, exploded with the electric current
and cast piecasof ice high tn tho air.

Admiral O'Neil expects that further teats will
be conducted to learn the stability of the new
compound and to determine its keeping
Qualities,

 

 

FRENCH LAW OF MARRIAOK

Explanation of the Status of Foreign Wives
of French Subjects,

WasatnoTon, Jan. 13.—In a mall despatoh to
the State Department, the United States Eme
bassy at Paris has made an explanation of the
French laws concerning tho status of foreign
wives of French subjects;

Amerivan women who have become the wives
of Frenchmen, and subsequently have been
desorted, have a peculiar status before the law
of France. The French law of marriage pros
vides that marriages contracted by French
citizens in foreign countries are valid If cele.
brated according to the forms habitual in those
countries, provided they conform to the res
quirements of the French code with reapect to
age, prior marriage, kinship, parental consent

and consent of the parties, If, however, these
formalities have been disregarded, the de-
berted wile still can claim recognition if she
was years of age and her husband 23
atthe time of the marriage, and if there was
no manifest intention to evade the provision of
the French law, Under these conditions the
alliance would be known by the courts as @ pus
tative marriage, the effect of which would be,
notwithstanding the invalidity of the mare
riage, logive the wife the status of 4 legally
married woman and the children the right to
bearthe nameof the father, They could also
inherit the father’s estate, The French law
would. further, give the putative wife the righe
of alimony and enable her to foree such @
claim, not only against herlhusband, but, in the
event of his inability, against his relatives,

An American wife of a French husband whe
has proved unfaithful, therefore, 19 properly
protested by the law of France and the hus-
vandis released from none of his obligations,
If he should, under these circumstances, re-
marry in France, he would be liable tosentence
for bigamy in thecourts of his own land {f it
could be shown he was.overtwenty-five years of
age at the time of his first marriage, and had
eutered into that contract in good faith,

+e

 

GUARDED 1N DEATH BY HER DOG,

 

The Faithful Animal's Distress When Hee
Body Was Taken Away.
From the Philadelphia Record,

Guarded by a handsome dog that had been
her constant companion in life, the dead body
of aged Mrs, Mary McDonald of 425 Lombard
street, was found on the doorstep at Fourthand
Lombard streets yesterday morning. The
poorly-clad woman was noticed by scores of
passersby as she sat on the step, with her head
leaning against the door, but they supposed she
had become weary and had fallen asleep as she
sat in the eun. She was dressed in ehabby

black, with a worn fur cape thrown around
her shoulders, and a white vetl over her
face made a queer contrast. with her otherwise
black attire, Womenandchildren on their way
to the nearby grovery store noticed the queer
pair--old woman and dog—seated together, but
no One's suspicivns were aroused by the
woman's long resc,

Finally Mrs. Geisking, the wife of a baker
Across the street, saw the handsome black and
white dog lick the woman's hands and face
and then give a dismal howl as his caress was
not returned, Fearing thatthe old woman was
il], and could not rise from the step, she started
to investigate, As she approached she was met
by @ threatening advance from the dog, and
6he reached the step only after many kind
words to the auimal. Shaking the old woman's
shoulder failed to arous: her, and when her
rm was ralsed it was found to be cold and
etuifl, Mrs. Geisking dropped it with a scream,
and notifie! the neighbors, A small crowd col-
lected around the old woman, but the dog kept
them all at bay, Every advance was met by @
6narland Policamaa Gilsouv. the Third dis-
trict was called,

His approach was likewise resented by the
faithful animal, but the patrol wagon was
called and the woman's body was placed tn it
{n spite of the dog's protests and growls, When
his mistress was put inthe wagon and he was
Jeft out he howled and barked and ran wildly
about, but refused to be caught. The woman
was firsttaken to the Pennsylvania Hospital,
Where it was found she had been dead some
time, and was then removed to the Morgue,
where the Coroner's post-mortem showed she
had succumbed to an attack of heart disease.

The dog followed the patrol wagon to the
hospital, and exidently thought his mistress
reinained there, as he waited outside until
noon, When he returned dejectedly tothe rooms
on Lombard street,

While no one seemed to know the dead
woman, she was a familar aight on the streeta,
however, as police and citizens had seen her
every morning withthe dog. The animal was
well kept and wore a handsome collar,

 

COCA CHEWING IN BOLIVIA,

South American Bellef in the Mystertons
Powers of the Plant.
From the Chicago Record,

The Indians regard the coca with extreme
reverence. Von Tschudi, the Austrian sete
entist, who made a most thorough study of
the ancient customs of the Incas, says: “Dure
{ng divine worship tho priests chewed coca
leaves, and unless they were supplied with
them it was believed that the favor of the god
could not be gained. It was also deemed
necessary that the supplicator for divine grace
should) approach the priests with aa
‘acullico’ his mouth. It was believed
that any busiuess undertaken without
the benediction of cova leaves would
not prosper, and to the = shrub itself
worship was rendered. During an interval
ot more than 300 years Christianity haa not

iu

been able to subdue this deep-rooted idvlae
try, for everywhere we tnd traces of belief
inthe mysterious powers of this plaut. The
excavators in the mines of Coro del Paseo
throw chewed coca upon the hard veins of
nietal, in the belief that it softens the ore
and renders it more easy to work. The

Tndians even at the presen
leaves inthe mouths of dead
to secure them @ favorable rec
entrance into noth
Vian on a journey
with timid reveren:
leaves es his pious
One ofthe sejontit:
working up in this
perience with a cocachewer, “A man was er
bloyved by me,” he said, “In very jaborious
Gigeing. During the five days and nights be
War in inv service he never taste! food
took only two hours sleep each night, bur
fitervalsoftwo hours an ta halforthres toara

time

  

puon on their
7 world, and when a Pe:

 

,witha mummy he,
nisto it 6

  
 
  

srers who haa been
on told me hiss eve

he repeatedly chewed a halfan ’
coea leaves and kept an ‘aeullico’ eont we
his mouth. CF was constantiy beside
vod, therefore, had the opportunity tee

Observe tim. ‘The work for which [I
Baged him being Unished, he arco np ’
On ATWO CAYS Journey verosstne level y
Though on foot, he kept pacar my + t
halted only for the elacenr howons
leaving me be declared that he woud w
Cngage himaelf again for tie eam: f
work and that be would go through it ow t
food Mf Lwould bat aiow him asulleient y
Oicoca, The village priest assure | )
this man Was U2 years of age, and that he vad
Bever knowa him to be t/l io his life,”