VEWS FROM T
- 1KWS OF THE WAR

TERLS TING
nN iT PRETORIA,

nwiiD

timy Pat at 75,009 of More~Colontal

rote i Piocking (0 1t-Tales of Small
joer and Large British LostenThe
Great Ability of President Kruger,
roljow ngare somoe\tracts from letters writ.
tnby an American who has been living at Pre-
pea and who had opportunities to obtain
peuraty information on the subjects about
wh hhewr te
Wel tie wartson in all ite awfulness and
anjus ind although some of the people
he foo ty beable to see the end, I*must
aopfeas that [ cannot, I suppose you are
peggsurfeted with British victories, I have

heart of none yet with the exception of those
nh the Cape and Natal papers

sar have drifted here

| suppoce that you, with the rest of the
world, were amazed atthe nerve of President
hrover (a sending his now famons ultimatum

Prat

totho greatest poweron the earth, Iwill not
Ptogocnto the merits of the causes that

tram} k
. spree patel this unholy war on these poor
roore, bat Lwli recite shortly what bas been
done § » war has become a reality,

Soma funny things, many of them
poowirg the simplicity of these people, hap-
rene douet peorto the deelaration of war, For
tastance. Tn the Volksrand some two or three
; ewara member called up his
! ’ ‘og the State Seeretary to {u-

pref the High Commissioner at Cape Town

Afro M istowhythe British Governs
mont we ssii@ troons on the border of the
Ie \ the course of the discussion
oo the mot on amenber said thatthe Repub-
} wis notready to go to war, whereat another
me rwhon T know very well jumped up
and shouted, “No, we are not realy to go to
wir Why, it would take us a whole day to
mobilize The humor of the thing did not
tt the Dutch for some Ittle time,

Now as to what the troops have done, When
war was decared Gen, Joubert had some
the Natal border. Gen, Cronja

had S roo cn the western frontier, and
thea Free State had as many as half this total
( ir western and southern borders. It is
e ated that the two republics can put in the
fs tover 75 000 men, and as they march for-
ward ir pe Colony and Natal, as they have
been do og, they will reeruit 10,000 of 14,000

on

many as 25,000 Colonials, Thase

 

atter wil) notion them until they have ad-
vanced past their homes, as they would be con-
ed guilty of treaaon if they did, and this
t ! svoid much asthey would like to
} rorothers, as they call them, Asan
‘ fthis ithas been shown that when
‘ ’ entered the territory of Natal on
' 1 to Lalysmith and Nowing the
fugit from Dundee he had but 700 men and

y rrived below Ladysmith, where he
} ffany retreat from that town, he had
r Omen in his little band and had not
be ‘ruiting from the Transvaal, but from
t farms as he passed them,

rmish the Transvaal forces had
* ' Mafeking. on the western border, but it
sre skirmish with afew wounded on
The next was at Dundee, in Natal,
where areal battie took place, and there was
fone fatality on the Boer side and an enarmous
other side. In this battle' there
were many British killed and many wounded,
en) asa result 250 prisoners were taken in a

 

The ‘rst st

 

the

Lom: kraal nearthe town, The next action of
Any consequence was that of Elandslaagte,
where Gen. Kock, the Poer General in eom-
rand there, with twenty-three others, wags
h Jot and something like 220 were taken
Prisoners by the British, The loss on the Eng-
“h side was more than 800 killed and
wounded, After Elan‘slaagte a small
ekivmish oor two occurred during the
two or threa days thut elapsed before

the great battle of Modderspruit, which was
merely a part ofthe Ladysmith siege and en-
eagements, and was marked by the amail Joss
eu the Boer side and the heavy jose on the
cther, inthis engagement the Boers loat less
than 150 men in both killed and wounded and
they took over 2100 prisoners, 1.200 by the
ransvealers and S50 by the Free Staters,
‘Thora were killa! and wounded on the British
rile, it is estimated, over 2.010) The marvel
«ofthe war has been the small Boer fatalities
tod the large dritish, auditis more strange
’ you are aware thatthe Boers have been
readily advane ever sinew this war com-
rienced and the British have been defending
runuing away. The offlcial list of the
riossfa much under 500, while that of the
tah fs over 5,000
Ladysmith is now surrounded and there ja
mich sickness in the place, the water being
sory bad. On the Frea State border Kimberley

s heen surrounded ond we hear that Ceeil

‘hodes ja there, but T don't believe tt, and he
is reputed to have said, and it has eonsequently
‘ecome famous, that he felt as safe in Kimber-

ey as if he were in dilly, but, if beta
tiere, [dare say thet he Ss not feel quite as
tafe just now as if he were in London,

“The Boers say there is $4,000,000 worth of
Gomonds inthe Deleers Company's sates in
hinberley and they want tlose diamonds. It
; wy should take the diamond flelds they will
’

    

wwe

 

     

 

ethe property ofthe Free State and the
nie would be enormous. The State would
rh them asa State monopoly and derive the
or its own treasury and that ia the
Way to a great extent that the Transvaal will
rowith the gold flelds. The Government has
farted to run the mines here and ts coining
the gold now in the mint.

ght Twould surely be able to tell

 

  

v
1

  

ou

 

 

«' the tal of Ladysmith by this time but while
thee are reports that the British are negutiat-
Sig fora capitulation, we can get no official
contirmotion of this: so [think there is noth-
fr t. Of the British wetting assistance
' ittiechanceas the Boers have it in-
’ mpletely and have sent down tothe

itela River, the only place that reénforee-
ents aneomefrom, a foreea strong enouvh

head oflany army that comes from that di-
wet Ifthe British wore sure that no help

yi d arrive [think they would have surren-
‘ted Lefora thistime, but they have no means
Showing it, whieh fact redonnds to some
Nentto the disadvantage of the Boers, On
ther side of the State |Weatern! the
re have surrounded aud hemmed in Ma-
ehing, butitisasirong position and they are
irving them into surrender there. On
stool the Free State, the Boera havea
letely surrounded Kimberley and have it
b cor merey, so far as communication with
the outside world is concerned, butit is ulsoa
Frong position and owing tothe fortifications
Mave by the vast heaps of waste from the
(amond mines, they will find ita hard place
To takely storm. Southofthe Pree Btate they
have gone into the Colony and_ have declared
} Me bortion which they oecupy Free State soil,
}

ee

  

 

 

column ison the way up from DeAar,
fsupplies. and we hear rumors of a
veon these troops and those of the

 
   

 

‘ou would be surprised to see someof these

Arlt 3 Boer women, Lam sure you would
Teropinton of these terrible people,
iy that I have found every Boer

AY ti¢ ‘re good and splendid specimens of

 

hard women.and Lwilloever hearthem
woe! as they have been by unserupulous
ele without taking their part. I dare say
re tek country Boers that need con.

erable polishing up before they can be made
V rice anyone's drawing room but in

 

 

country do vou not find such people? Ts
jo) antl? Take Staffordshire for instance
r ' getonur raw Englishman from, do

t he ts as good aman asthe Boer

’ ' much. He has not the Intel.
x ’ the tenderness, nor the good
mt ‘he averuge anything that

'\ Boor has, You may think that I

th i little too strong, but ft is a

» | have seen them both and Iam
freaking from my real knowledge ofthem
British snohs and agitators both in
id England speak of President
4s an ienorant, unintelligent
be, but T know President
y to bea kind old gentieman,
rance and uninteiligenece, he
bhimsell more than a match for the
nd the British statesmen at every
they have come together, and, as

there is not his equalin the whol
s) aras knowing intimately his mode of
tre and eondueting it promptly and
y is neerned, Some time ago a poor
eocoacame out here to get her
nh to which he had been een-
rten years for an alleged crime of
1 dd not believe him guilty. The
irrived hera on Saturtay and on the
he Wednesday the President had signed
* pardon, and they departed for the
he next Saturday, The President
» oe veroout of the pure kindness of his
mld fb shall never forget him forit. He
! shoullers above any manin
{ ; i on ability with all his lack of

te oo ‘country Is most quiet and

mi I vublanee of trouble or riot

Whore brine fee feel as safe here us any-
vii the United States,’

the Stundard and Diggers’ Newa of

Petit peo e fated Dee J, have been re

} op LE tS from the front say that at the

- Sit |.400 Free Staters opposed

Ri Tish Hought to be commanded by

‘ler The burghers’ loss was only 12

Wt $3 wounded. Some of the Indian

es Were stot down at six paces by the

sets, Their cannoa were all shot back

    

 

<4

  

f pris

 

¥ val

HE BOER SIDE, |

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

 

j the military

ana the cattle of othe eonneg were killed.”
® earlier reports from “ lghtlng Gen,
Prinasloo state that “there was a terrible fight
to our disadvantage, as we had to leave the
field,” Later accounts stated "The English
removed their dead In buck wagons.” ‘

The news from Ladysmith ia that “the
British having complained that one of their
Cooltles was hurt. by our fire while carrying
water within the hospital precinets, a commis-
sion Was appointed by our Generals, consisting
#f Commandant Muller of Standert»n and Dr

reu of Vrsheid, who meta commission from
the enemy's side, Magistrate Bennett, Assist.
ant Colenbrander. Surgeon Major Appleton
and Burgeon Capt. Westeoat, for the purpose
of pegging off neutral ground for the hospital,
Women and children and for sanitary purposes,
i ioh ground is to be clearly indicated by

aga. # labora of the commission were en-
tirely sat@factory to all rarties, ample ground
ing allowed with a good upply of water,
yphold ts prevalent in Ladyamith, Fach side
vied with the other in showing courtesy.” _

Speaking of the beseiging burghers, Dr. Val-
entine, the perets correspondent, says; “The
health of the burghers, in apite of the great
strain and exposure in bad weather, is highly
satisfactory. Thore area few cases of dysen-
tory and rheumatiam, New vlothing is badiy
needed. Many of the Ree navesup through
their boots and are walking on sandals. The
adminiatration of the fleld supplies is leaving
much to be desired in some of the laagers,
Gen, Joubert has to tackle more work than”
single person can accomplish, He should have
administrative aid as quickly as possible, so he
ean devote his entire time to strategical
questions.”

A telegram from Delagoa Bay says ‘The
commander of the British eruiser Thetis has
intimated to the authorities that anonymous
hints have been received of an alleged scheme
being arranged there by Fenian delegates
to explode submarine mines under the harbor
The government thereupon stated that it was
unaware of such schemes being hatched but
advised the officer commanding the warships
to move further out to sea pending investiga-
tions. The British commander wrote buek
that they would do nothing of the kind, but
would hold Delage Bay authorities responsibie
for the safety of Hor Majesty's war ships while
in Portuguese waters.”

Pretoria reporta that Mra, Keitz, wife of tho

State Secretary, is enetrtaining the convales-
gent burghers from the front at afternoon tea
aa .
Yohannesbure has a committee on “Rust en
Orde” which has decided that no one can leave
the city without passports, Passes outside the
country are granted only by State Secretary
Reitz, ‘Ihe stores in Johannesburg aro stil!
open and advertising. Cricket games are
played daily.

The Basutos, according to custom, have held
A sieritice ceremony to decide whether they
bhould take part inthe warornot, | As usual
they flayed three oxen alive and— allowed
them to linger out their lives on the veld,
There was one with large horus to represent
the British: one with medium sized horns to
represent the Boera and a small-horned one
the Basutos the British ox died first, the
Boer one shortly afterward and the Basuto one
ligered some days before succumbing. The
resuithas been that the Basutos resolved to
remain neutral,

A Keuter's speelal from London, ta published
saving: “Four Ameriean warships and four
cruisers, under Admiral Schley, are about to
proceed to Cape waters, as a manifestation of
American goodwi!l to Great Britain,

 

 

DAMAGE BY OUR SHELLS,

Swiss Owners of a Warehouse Destroyed at
llollo Want $250,000,

the New York Export and Import Company
has received from the Swiss mercantile house
of Hollmann & Co, of Manila, with which it en-
tered into negoiations to establish a New
York Export and Import Company in the Phil-
ippines after they become Ainerici
sions, aciaim against the United States CGiov-
ernment for property worth $250,000 destroyed
at Tioilo by the American naval forces last
year. Itis said on behalf of the claimants that
the United States collected taxes at Iloilo from
Jan, 1, 1800, and licensed the firm of Hollmann
& Co, todo business there and that, therefore,

the firm was entitled ta protection by the
Vaited Statea. It is set forth that while
forces Were aecually or nomin-
ally in occupation of — the city, the
insurrectionists Were so troublesome that Gen
Otis requested the naval commander to shell
them and notified foreign residents to with

 

} POsSseS-

 

 

draw their, valuables and merchandise to
places of safety within sixty hours. The war-
hips despatched in response to Gen, Otls's res

quest ‘reached fioilo withtn half a day and

began shelling the tewn, parta of which were
; Ret afire

|
|
|
|

by the shelis, Among the property
destroyed was a warehouse of Hollimann & Co.,
where they had more than $100,000 of god
Lesides merchandise belonging toother poopie,
For this they seek to recover cenipensation,
Jt is said that Gen, Otis acknowledges that
sixty hours’ notice of bombardment was
given and that the shelling began before its
expiration, bur saya that that was a necessary
acto! war. The New York Export and Import
Company has put the claim and represents

 

 

 

  

t=

  

 
  
     

tions of Holimann & Co, in the care of counse
to Investigate the matter with regard to such
information as there may be among the de-
partments at Washington relating to the case
and that the question of the institution of de-
fhnite proceedings to recover the claim will be
determined after the co “1's report, F

counsel isto actin conjunction with the Swiss

 

representatives here, Another similar tim
has been presented tothe Export and Import
Company for lpspection and it is expected that
there will be others urged at Washington,
especially if the first ones are successful
TO REVIVE TAK MONTCLAIR CLUB,
Meeting of the Second Mortgage Bond-
holders Appoints a Committee,

Mownteccatn, N. J, Jan, 13.—The Montelair
Club, which recently eeased to exist, may be
revived, The clubhouse was erected in IS84
at a cost of $70,000, The hall hasa seating
capacity of 800, Trouble arose over the ques.
tion of selling liquorin the eluband the mem-
bership dwindled down to less than half, Ac-
cordingly, last November the building was
closed. Recently a notice was sent out calling
fora meeting of the second mortgaxe bond-
holders, They met last night, and the trustees
presented a statement of the present state of
the foreclosure proceedings and the order of
sale which has been decreed by the Court of
Chancery

A resolution was adopted to the effect that it
was the sense of the meeting that the town
eontd be best served by the formation of a new
organization in the nature of a caaino

Joseph Van Vieck, a wealthy resident, stated
thar he had been purchasing a numberof the
second mortgage bonds withthe idea that ifthe
could get a sufficient number he would be in
control of the aituation at the sale, and that his
only purpose was to save the property trom
purehasers who might want to make some tise
of it that would bea menace to the community,
He was in oo sense, he declared, engaged in
realestate speculation, and all he had done
had been on his own responsibility. He had
already secured over two-thirds of the out-
standing second niortgage bonds,

Joseph Van Vleck, Charlies H. Henstia,
Stephen W. Carey, Edwin A. Bradley, Vred-
erick Engel, Edwin B. Goodell and ©. D
Thompson were appointed a committee with
powerto formulate a course of action to be
pursued in conneetion with the sale and pur-
chase of the property of the club, '

OPPOSE THE DEATH PENALTY,

Men Who Think It Doesn't Act asa
terrent of Crime,

 

De-

The Assoaiation to Promote the Abolition of

the Death Penalty was formed Jas* night ata
meeting held at the Friends’ Seminary, at
Sixteenth street and Rutherford piace. The
meeting was called by a committee of the
Society of Friends, which has existed fora long

‘time and hasfor its purpose the abolition of

the custom of taking human life asa penalty

for crime,

Further than calling the meeting, however,
the committee is not directly connected with
the new association, for the chief argument of
the Friends in urging the abolition of the
death penalty is that man has no right to
take tho life which God = gave, while
the mission of the new association
will be to urge that the death penalty has
proved to be a failure as 4 deterrent from
crime, while at the same time preventing the
prosecuting attorneys of the people from get-
ting verdicts In cases where murder has been

one.

° Gen Newton M,. Curtis presided at tha meet-
ing last night and was selected as President of
the association, Ernest H. Crosby was chosen
Vice-President, Franklin T. Carpenter, Trea-
surer, and John W. Hutchinson, Secretary,

Acaemblyman Maher was present and satd
that he would introduce a bill in the Legisin-
ture shortly to do away with the death pen-
alty and that he had strong hones that it
would pass, Committees of various kinds were
authorized and it was agreed to hold a public
meeting tofurther the purposes of the associa.
tion on the evening of Jan, 27, in the Friends’
Meeting House,at Fifteenth street andKuther-

ford place, is -
Brooklyn's Post Office Receipts for 1899,

The total receipts of the Brooklyn Post

Office for 1800 were $1,381,757.05, an increase

1 $104,207.81 over the preceding year. The
oe Me bution in the mailing denartment
was 183,200,820 pieces, an increase of 5,220,-

407,
BOARD AND A CCOMMODATION AS Al
HOME

It to find in @ large city. Such places,
eee to be found advertised in Tus

Sun.—Ady,

 

  

   

 

 

NOW’’S OF LEGAL EVENTS,

After a good deal of backing and filling the
fudicial appointments up the State seem to be
finally settled, Mr, Justice Laughlin of Buffalo
his seat asa member of the Appellate
Division at Rochester to-morrow, and Mr, Jus-
thee Kellogg of Plattsbura succeeds Judge
Landon on the Aibuny Appellate Division,
Gov, Roosevelt has announced that the desig-
nation of Judge Kellogg was requested by all
the other mombers of the court, Judge Hiscock
of Syracuse prefers that the remaining va-
cancy on the Appellate Division of the Fourth
Department should be filled by the appoint-
ment of Mr. Justice Williams of Utica rather
than himself. When Judge Williams was re-
elected in 1807 it was upon the understanding
in hia district that he should not thereafter ac-
cept an assignment to alt on the Appellate Di-
visfon tn this city, as the jocal bar did not want
to be deprived of his services at home. It may
be, however, that the game objections do not
exist to his going on the Appellate bench at
Rochester,which js inthe same judictal depart-
Ment as his district,

An amendment to the State Constitution In-
creasing the number of Bupreme Court Jus-
tices has been introduced In the Legislature
by Senator Grady of this city. It proposes to
add four Judges to the judi{etal force in the
First district aud three in the Brooklyn dis-
trict. An amendment providing for three more
Judges in the Brooklyn district has already re-
ceived the approval of one Legislature, If it
is passed by the Legislature of 1991 and
adopted by the people in the autumn of that
year, the new Judges may be elected in 1002.
Mr, Grady’s measure is probably a substitute
for this, merely enlarging it 60 as to provide
for an increase here also. In the Brooklyn dia-
trict the Increase will be more apparent than
real, for until recently the people there have
had the services of two retired Judges—Mr.
Justice Barnard of Poughkeepsie and Mr, Jus-
tiee Dykman of White Plains-who were em-
powered to hold court, after having attained
the age of 70, underaspectal provision of the
Constitution of 1804.

  

An interesting question of college taxation
has just been decided in favor of Harvard
University by the Supreme Judicial Court of
Massachusetts, Under the tax luwa of the
Commonwealth property devoted to college
purposes is exempt. In Cambridge there is an
Assoviation of students known asthe Foxcroft
Club who obtain their meals at actual cost ina
building provided for them for that purpose by
the university. The court holds that this isa
college use of the building, and thatitean no
more be taxed thana college dining hall, which
has always been regarded as exempt. Tho tax-
ability of the houses occupied by President
Fijot and Prof. Langdell of the law school is
also passed upon, and they are declared not to
be subject to assessinent, The college pro-
vides these houses without any charge to the
occupants, and thatof the President {s de-
yoted to college purposes on class day
commencement day, 80 far as the
lower floor is coneerned. Meetings of the
faculty are held there, and President
Eliot's oeeupation {fs Itkened by the court to
President McKinley's occupation of the White
House, which cannot be deemed solely private
and for his own benefit. The reasons for
exempting Prof. Langde!!'s house do not seem
to us quite as strong or satisfactory.

and

also

Acase of considerable importance to land-
owners who have oevasion to improvo their
property by Llasting inthe vicinity of highways
was decided by the Court of Appeals on Tuas-
day, In the summer of 1895 a young etrl
named Annie bE. Harten was killed on the Har-
riman road at Irvington, N. Y., by a blow from
a faliing stump whieh had thrown aloft
and laterally a distance of 400 feet by a binst
of dynamite fred on the land of Dr. Carroll
Dunham for the purpose of removing a large
tree, Mrs, Sullivan, the giri's mother, brought
asuitagainst Dr. Dunham and the persons
whom he had employed to do the blasting,
to recover damages for wrongfully causing
her daughter's death. On the first
trial she obtained a verdict of $8,300,
but the Appellate Division was compelled to
reverse the jud unt of the

erroneous exelusion d by tho
nlant

been

 

ement on aece
fevidence offer
court, howe

oin

def .
rule that’
upon his ls
physical injurt on one lawfully in the high-
way by throwing stones, wood or other objects
from the blast against the person of the travel.
ler isa wrong joer and responsible aa such, no
matter how carefully the blasting is carried
Upon the second trial, which was had
under this rule of law, the verdict for the plain-
tiff was $5,000; and as the questions involved
were novel, the Appellate Division granted the
defendants leave to appeal to the Court of Ap-
peals, Where the judgment bas been affirmed.
A pathetic feature of tho case was the subse-
quent decease of Miss Harten's companion at
the time of the accident, a young gir! who
wis 80 Shocked at her friend's death that she
died shortly afterward, though she had no
been struck by any portion of the blasted tree

  

 

the process

 

on.”

   

The twenty-third annua! meeting of the New
York State Bar Association is to be held at
Albany, under the presidency of Walter 8,
Logan of this city, on Tuesday and Wedues Jay
of this week, concluding with a banquet at
740. Mo onthe 17th If there ia speaking at
this feast the funetion wil! eoufliet to some
extent with Gov, Roosevelt's legislative re.
ception on the same evening. The prineipal
aidress before the Bar Association will be de-
livered in the Assembly Chamber on Tnuasday

 

| evening by Mr. Justice Brown of the Supreme

Court of the United States. One of the main
subjects proposed for discussion at the meet-
ing ja the desirability of dividing the Northern
district of New York, as ¢ stituted under the
Federal judicial system, into two diatriets, so
as tocreate anow Western district conaisting
of the seventeen counties in the western part
of the State. We have received a printed cir-
cular strongly favoring the proposed change,
which really seems to be demanded by the con-
ditions which prevailin the existing Northern
district. It is signed by fifteen prominent
Jawyers of western New York, many of whom
ave aspirants forthe Federal judgeship which
they want Congress ty create

An addition to the judieal force of the
Queen's Bench Division of the High Court of
Justice is demanded by the General Couneil of
the Bar in Pneland on aeeount of the jinesutf-
ciency in the number of Judges who are able
to ait regularly in London, An attempt has
been made to dispense with the holding of
aasizes at some of the towns where agsizes
have heretofore been held, but this proposed
rearrangement of the elrcuit business of the
courts has not met withthe approval of the
leaders of the bar, and the resolution adopted
by the Genera! Council declares that it is" im-
peratively necessary" that an increase in the
judicial strength of the Queen's Bench Divie-
fon shall speedily be made

The status of Christian Science before the
law is ably discussed in the papers by Mr, Wil-
liam A. Purrington of the New York bar, which
have been collected bythe authorand published
fn asmall volume by E. B. Treat & Co., under
the title of “Christian Science; an Exposition of
Mrs. Fddy's Wonderful Discovery, Including Its
Legal Aspects." The decisions cited from tne
law reporta from the several States in which
Christian Science has become a subject of yudi-
cial inquiry comprise all the cases relative

thereto which have fallen under our
notice; and Mr, Purrington’s book — will
prove «a valuable key to the Iiterature
of the law in the hands of any one

who desires to inform himself concerning the
legal relations, rights anil liabilities of the
practitioners of this method of healing, It is an
futereating fact that the) udicial decision whieh
has been most helpful to Christian Scientists
isa New York case, In which the General Term
of the Supreme Court in this eity, speaking
through Mr Justice Daniels of Buffalo, de-
clured in substance that the statutory prohi-
bitions against practising medicine without
a license did not apply to persons who at-
tempted to cure the sick without the use of
drugs io any form, ‘

ver, laid down the,

 

 

|
|

of blasting |
ining the highway inflicts |

—

THE LEADER IN THE HOU E

ways

 

SERENO &,
AND

PAYNE'S TRAITS,
SPEKCUMAKING,

The Smiling Chairman of the Ways and
Means @ Contrast to Dolliver of Iowa
Who First Called McKinley the Advanve
Agent of Prosperity—His Training.

In a way Sereno F. Payne of New York is the
biggest all around high tariff man in the lower
house of Congress, or he wouldn't be Chairman of
the Ways and Means Commitiee today, At the
same time be can hardly be termed a tariff expert
in the sense that President McKinley is or the late
Mr. Dingley waa, and there are now several men
in Congtesa who might properly be considered
more accomplished schedule experts than Payne.
but he knows tariff law and tariff history inu-
mately, a8, indeed, heshould. He haa been on the
Waysand Means Committee several years and his
training, begun when McKinley himself was chair
man and continued under Dingley, haa been
thorough and comprehensive.

Mr. Payne's smile is his most distinguishing
characteristic. It is aggressive and it never de-
serts him. This is literally true, no matter what
happens or how contrary to his wishes the course
of events may be. It has given bim the reputa-
tion of being uniformly good humored, whereas
there are many days when he doesn't view the
world through rose colored spectacles, It has
produced the impression that he almost always
carries bis point, when, in fact, he sometimes
makes a mess of it. When he really feels jolly
itis an admirable exponent of his mental frame;
when he is charged with anger or tense with
anxiety, it hides his feelings; when he is inclined
to be sarcastic, it adds point to his words; when
he is listening to the dullest story, even, it lends
an expression of flattering interest to his face,

Mr Payne's body is tall and broad and heavy,
and he knows how to make impressive use of his
size. His voice is big and expansive; in fact, it
has no superior, so far as carrying power is con-
cerned, among the public men of the present time
When he speaks every syllable can be heard dis-
tinctly in the remotest corners of the house; at
the same time his tones, instead of being harsh
and discordant, are rather musical and decidedly
pleasant to the ear

Mr. Payne's countenance {is boldly modelled
on rugged lines. Deep creases criss-cross it in
every direction. A thick, gray, full beard covers
his jaw and lips. Silver hair crowns his head
Were it not for his everlasting sinile he would be
set down at first sight as a person of undue sever-
ity, of monotonous seriousness. Agitis, who so
beholds his sinilo takes note of his amplitude and
listens to his voice, expects to learn presently that

he is one of the best story tellers alive. Yet Mr
Payne isn'ta good story teller; in truth, he never
affects humorous narration at all, and bis friends
say it would be impossible to worm a story out of
him in any circumstances. He likes good stories,
though, and to see him surrounded by a crowd of
story tellers, bis bulk propped against a pillar,
his hands in his pockets, his wonderful amile
playing in a thousand forms over his character-
istic features, is to behold a picture not likely soon
to be forgotten Mr. Payne can laugh as well as
emile, and, like his voice, his laugh is strong and
full, and round and is sure to seta whole party
inte boisterous cachinnation by its heartiness,

Mr. Pane doesn't shine particularly as a con-
versationalist. Despite hissmue, he is too serious
minded for small talk and is altogether to rdleeply
absorbed in the political questions t) which he
has devoted a liie time of study. to care much
for the discussion of general topics. This rendera
him somewhat indifferent to the demands of what
is termed society. But he is by no means dis
{nclined to sociability and he delights to meet
men whom he considers congenial spirits

 

 

 

 
 

the peculiar quality that engenders what micht
be termed the affectionate nickname is missing
from his make up

Mr Payne is not blessed with the faculty of
phenomenally rapid cerebration and so is’ not
mich of @ success at short, spurof the-moment
talks on the floor, | Be‘ore delivering a speech
he makes a long and earnest preparation, dr
ing « 7 atevery fountain of available informa-
tionand making sure ofevery fact. Itisof record
that Mr. Payne's statements have been found at
fault more seldom than the statements of almost
any other manin the House teday. He indulges
in no rhetorical flourishes or vivid word painting,
but he is @ past- master of the art of plain, direct
persistent hammering. Sometimes, though more
rarely than is the gen imipre mn, he resorts
toinvective. When he does his opponents wince

Mr. Dolliver of Iowa is one of the best known
orators of the House of Representatives a figure
to be pointed out from levies. He is dark
haired, dark-eyed, ruddy face, and inclined
ty stoutness. He is mac: healthy. gen
ial, expansive, a teller of good stories, aman who

enjove life

ink

  
   

  
   

   

 

 

 

  
    

 

by birth Mr Dolliver is a Virginian, and there
| faa decifed OL] Dominion twang to the tu f his
tone His voices mellow and round and large
He is rhet rical; he is elocuti nary, He is a
fam ipaigner. Heha nhnowr make
or hie ” eches in ¢ 1 ef (vit
of doors, in f seatier, IS where he likes best t
speak, He er takes any care of his thror
and is never hoarse, During the last campaign
he says, be ran a circus, He carried about
him a canvas tent capable of seating 3,500
people, and he had it set up in every town
he visited. In the morning there would be speak
ing in the tent. Midday dinner was a_ picnic
affair, in the afternoon the speechmaking was

 

continued, It was like an all-day camp mecting,
Many of Mr. Dolliver s speeches lasted three hours
and longer, He enjoyed it all, but he thinks the

modern campaign methods lay ao tremendous
hurden on a candidate, and tax almo«t beyond
endurance his physical and mental encores

     

He usually prepares his speeches for delivery
in the House rather carefully, writing them out
or dictating them to a stenographer Le con
fesses to a degree of stage fright before every

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.

 

— Sse

He)
is held in esteem alike by friends and foes. but |

  
 

 
 

DEMAND OF A LABOR UNION.

 

Ballding Operations in Greenwich, Conn,
May Be Tied Up— Fight Hours or Strike.

Gueexwicn, Conn, Jan, 13,—Never in the
history of Greenwich have there been so many
costly houses in construction, and the pros-
pects for the continuance of the building boom
have been most encouraging. A few days ago,
however, the boss builders received a printed
notice from the headquarters of the Union of
Amalgamated Builders’ Trades announcing
thaton April l the unton would demand that
eight hours a day bea full day's work, instead
of nine, the present schedule, with the same
amount of wages.

The headquartors of the union In New York
has been organizing branches in every town
along the Iine of the New Haven Railroad,
between New York and Bridgeport, and ine
tends to enforce the New York rules in these
towns, Untli a few years ago none of the
Greenwich journeymen carpenters was &
momber of the union, but the walking dele-
gate camo along, aud, although he was ordered
away from the men by the employers, he
sowed the seed of trouble, and some of the
shops became union. The Union of Amalga-
mated Builders’ Trades, includes workingmen,
who are engaged in any kind of trade, that
may furnish material or labor used in build-
ing, and it will endeevor to enforce its demands
by orders to the workingmen, members of the
union to refuse to work if others, not members
of the union have anything to do with furnish
ing or making the supplies

he builders here andthe mill owners elae-
where say that they will not submit to sueh an
unjust demand, and will stop all jobs upon
which theyare engaged andshut down their
mills rather thandoso, Allecontracts for build:
ing are being made, providing that in case of
strike the bullders shall not be responsible for
loss of time or delay in conatruction, They
have called a meeting of all the employers in
the building busingss for action on the order
and will potty the union of their deeiston,
They say that the demand for eight hours for a
day's work can possibly be arranged,

Over this matter, however, the Greenwich
branch and Port Chester branch {sat logger:
heals. The Port Chester membera demand
$2.75 aday while the Greenwich workingmen
are satisfied with the present pay of $2508
day, Most of the best workmen are members
of the Greenwich branch, and they feel that
they are independent of the Port Chesterorde es,

A few weeks ogo when Builder Crosby of
Greenwich began the work of constructing
Vark Commissioner George (. Clausen’s house
on Ridge street, Port Chester, thia branch of
the unjonin that village insisted that $
day muat be paid, and ordered a strike
eause it Was not agreed to. Most of the men
working onthe job were Greenwleh men and
said the job wasa Greenwich job, refusing to

oout until Srdera came from headquarters

‘he game thing was insisted on when the
work was begun of building Joseph Millbank's
house at Byram Shore a few days ago, No or-
dera have come from hea lyuarters ordering
the strike, and? business men and residents of

he neighborhood say that if a atrike takes
lace it will be regretted. Theopen winter
and great amount of building ara making the
mechanics, 18 Well asthe business men, pros

perous, whilethe summer residents are away | Henr M
TCHETIMACHE INDIANS LOSP,
Survivors Not Entitled to Recover Their
Lands in Louisinna Sold in 1853,

i oro Constable,
Ne Laces

and

Embroideries.

Embroidered Batiste Draperies,

GE .

Nainsook and Swiss Hamburg Trimmings.

Embroidered Allovers,

Bands and Edgings to Match,
Reveres, Plaits, Tucks.
Embroidered Flounces, Robes,

Rich Laces.

Sdtoadway ee 19th Otceet.

| et Sates and Gxdiditions,

  
 

   

Art Sales and Exhibitions.

“Three Important Absolute Public Sales.”
The American Art Galleries,

Madison Square South, New York.
FREE VIEW DAY AND EVENING.
The Works

OF

  

ALSO. AN EXTRAORDINARY COLLECTION
OF

Antique and Modern Japanese
‘ and Chinese Art Objects,
| Curios and Textiles, Grand Old Screens
| AND A NUMBER OF

Elaborate Bronzes

 

 

New Ontranxs, La, Jan, 13.-In the United AND HIS

States Circuit a pine ee was ren suitable for Garden and Lawn

dered against the Tehetimache Indians, suing e Ornamentation

for the recovery of their lands on Payou Teche, Stud 10 Effects, [

in St. Mary’s Parish, La. Tehetimaches were at Imported by the firm of

one time one of the largest Indian tribes, oceu- ‘ ie es, ;

pying all the southern part of the State. They COMPRISING YAMANAKA & CO., Osaka and New York,

were always on friendly terma with the whites To be sold on the afternoons of Tuesday

and their frlendship was recognized by the and Wedneaday, January 16th and 17th, at
| + pt oe id a rte, at _ Important Genre Paintings, 2:30 o'clock,

rine min the possession of thes an ; * cti

dn Is these ian in ware sil in the wisites, I endesees ead Hades Sublects And an Important Collection of

The Indians, who nownumber only fifty-three, a

through their chtef, mught suit several P J | Japanese Color Prints,

| months

  

ago for the reeovery of these Janda
on the ground that the sale in 1853 was illegal;
that the lands belonged to the tribe as a whole
and could not be said |

Theirassertion was defeated mainly on tha |

round that the present white oceupantse of the |
fi own ftin good faith, and that the Teheti-
ne since abandoned all tribal
to the publie |
State and |

_ Antique Furniture and Tapestries, |
Indian Costumes and Relics, |
Alaskan Trappings and Curiosi- |

Being the Private Collections of

CAPTAIN F. BRINKLEY,

AND

Professor JOSIAH CONDER.

 

maches have ’
relations, sending their children
echoo!a of the State, and voting at al

   
  
 

 

ery clecthing The Tehetimiches ive ina! ties and other Studio Effects.
lage tend, one of the most pie. : e oT af ba!
| ‘uron so) Y aft Me nisi n 1, but “are w hites, | For 25 years leading architect and instructor
or very nearly so, nnd have lost their original in the Imperial University, ;
aa ant apean Bnaileh of Feengh, Thee | te be sold on the evening of Thuraday | Pe ersity, Japan

  
 

 

but vote at next, January 18th, at 8 o'clock, and after-

January 19th, at

ati! « t their chief,

t an regular
elections

| Tobe sold on the eventogs of Toeaday and
| Wednesday next, January 16th and 17th, at

8 o'clock.

| noon of Friday next,
2130 o'clock,

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

Sun sete. 4:57 | Moon rises ind

          

 

    

MINIATURE ALMANAC+THIA DAY a ; in om
2° " . -- 4 I } S
Bun rises,...7:2 THOMAS E, KIRBY, AMERICAN ART ASSOCIATION,
Hight WATER THIS Dal.
| Bandy Hook Gov.1d O+| Well Gate, &:57 ®
hee Auctioneer. llanagers.
Arrived Saturn vy, Jan 13, “ - o - - ——— <= -
he Warticle’ Wan Fines Ree NUTMEG STATE ACCIDENT SUIT, PROPILE IN A) PLAGSTONP,
Ha Marquette, Gates. London, Jan. 1 cooncemenaseeman iinet
Re aoe Knudaon, Copenhagen, Dec, 38. Damages for 12,000 Asked by a Philadel- | Likeness of a Bridgeport Man Worn tn a
De ehe hes, Bremat “40 , ’ : -
ss Ferntert Ravine sh sia. Das, Ba phia Man for His Wife’s Death, | Sidewalk in That City,
: inne ‘ EDAD» pensenn , Deo. 30 Burparrort, Conn,, Jan, 13.~-Suit claiming | Briparvort, Conn, Jan. 15.—Direetly tn
S Trinidad, Fraser, Bert tan 11 damages $12,000 was brought to-day against | front of the entrance at 222 Btate street is a
Re Fitment we Tar Nong + ii ae | my the Bridgeport Steamboat Company growipg | flagstone which hos been worn in a peculiar
Ba Yemasaee, Swain, P telphia, Jan. 12. out of the loss by fire of the steamer Nutmeg ; manner by passing footsteps, resulting ina res
Be vg aneremn nent pas ve Rtate off Kan de Point in laseDotoher. be pia. } Markable conffguration, the outlines of aa
elle i egg . ae een, te tiffis J. A. Wiltof Phiadelphia, Pa. whose Wife | vi mogt perfect head and bust of a mi .
we bak, Oty, aiites, ven | died from exposure and suffering experienced | peta ofthe stone were a litt e cotter Then the

 

speech, and thinks he would have nervous pros
tration if he k too long beforehand when |
should address the House,

When Mr. Dolliver is off duty he likes to puton |

 

his oldest clothes, dig a can of bait, take bis rod

pole they call it outin Jowa and go fishing for
bassin the Des Moines River. Itis the lest sport
fn the world, he says, the crafty persuading of a
wary fish totake the bait. Codfishing, where you
crop a elothesline into the sea and pull itup with
asmall whale on it, is not to be compared with the
keen, artistic dehg@ht of bass-fishing.

Mr, Dolliver is the man who invented and con
ferred on Mr. MeWinley the tue of \dvance
Agent of Prosperity He has been one of
Administration's warmest champions

  

 

the

TCH CARNIVAL AV PASsan,

The Enake Bordered With Colored Lights
and Lighted With Chinese Lanterns.

PovGHRKFerstF, Jan, 13.—The lake at Vassar

College resembled to-night a scene from fairy

Jand Across it stretched rowa of Chinese
and Japanese Janterns, and from the
hedged borders gleamed and sparkled
hundreds of colored Hghtsa) The aurface
of the lake had been seraped and
was in splendid condition for skating, Over it

skimmed scores of pretty Vassar girls, many
of them wearing fancy costumes, plentifully
adorned with trimmings of a ativery appear-
ance, with hate and toboggansato match. The
eceasion waa the annual iee earnival, in which

all the students at Vassar join ones a vear.
Two hours, from 8 to 10 7. M, were allowed
for the festivities, and every minute was
crowded with jollity

The carnival opened with a grand march, led
by Miss Alive Lane and Miss Susie Whitecome,
to the straina of the Nadjy waltz, played by
Reofleld’s full orchestra from. Poughkeepsie,
Vhree hundred stutenta took part in the
march, They circled the lake by twos and
fours, then singly, and performed varions evo-
lutiona witha grace and skill delightful to be.
hold. The whoie lake was flooded with tho
gare of bonfires builtof logs, The sight was a
pretty one, Atthe head ot the lake was ana.
pended a monster American flag, which
swayed and fluttered {n the breeze, and hefore
the carnival endel the orchestra played sey.
eral national airs, which gave the carnival
Quite @ patriotic flavor,

 

The Rey, Dr. Niles Called to Brooklyn,

The Rey. Charles Martin Niles, D. D, has
been called to the vacint rectorship of st.
Matthew's Protestant Eplscopal Church in
Throop avenue, Brooklyn, and he will conduct
both services there sonee. In 1884, soon after
his ordination, he served as assistant in Xt.
Luke's Churehin Brooklyn, and for tha last
four years has been rector of St, Paul’a Chureh
in Sing Sing. He has not yet signified his ac.
ceptinee of the call to the Throop avenue
church, but itis generally believed that he wil!
soon do 80

Wants the Ticket to Be Bryan and Shively.

La Ponts, [nd., Jan. 13.—It {9 rumored
here that the Indiana Democrats will present
the namie of former Congresaman B. F, Shively
for the nomination for Vice-President, Friends
of Bryan say that the nomination of Shively aa
his running mate would be acceptable to the
Colone!, Mr. Shively served several terms in
Congress and was the candidate for Governor
on the Democratic ticket in 1800.

Attachment Against Baroness Seillicre.

The Sheriff has received an attachment
against Emma R, Seilliére, formerly Emma kk

Livermore, and known as the Baroness Sell-
ate {rom Saratoga county for $303 In favo
Witlard Lester, ape £ Me endens was fil
8 roperty in Bilt
Wenty-seventh street en vee

* Portland. Jan, 11,

 
 

Se Horatio Hall, B | after leaving the burning steamer. Although

steamboat company has taken advantage central part, and the action of the elements,
: eam hoa , { a {

Ship Pyrencea, |

 

e, Dublin, Deo ts
tp Wanderer, Tupman Du k ' th , combined with the frietio ‘ travel, has eut-
od WN ion Porter, Gent 4d Consietl Ie. | Of the Limited. Liability act. and has paid | ica eh. fure of ema he Pte kee
and, Dec. : iad : into the United States Court about $1,000 re- | cameo und benring a striking resemblance |
brig Qladioln, Cave, Pornambue , Doe. 1 vwotyod from the sale of the damaged hall, ex- ') a re IDIARCE 10
i Hadi ¢ 13 Rf profile to John © Curls, formerly superine

Congressman Deforest. counse! for Mr, Wilt,
pays that it will not avail i. this case,
CCS,

 

tendent of the Adains Express offlee in thie
ety, and alse, although not in so marked a
degree, to the head of Napoleon IIT. of France,

Che representation of head and face in pro-
file is very good. [t ean be seen only when the
pavement is perfectly dry, and at its bestonly
og sunlight. The flug-
moved for over twenty

ARRIVED ort
m New York,

Ss Teland, fi at Co;
Sa Tuscarora, from New York, at Lov
Ss Empress of Japan, from Yokoh

couver

Ss Bordeaux, from New York, at Havre,

nhageo

Business Fotices.

Mineral waters #juiried ontunder the bar are
Rebulte’s. Exam ne label on sipbon and be sure to get
CARL H SCHULTZ S pure, correct mineral waters

ania, at Van-

 

) When flooded with str
stone has not been
BAILED FROM PORFIGN Ponts years,

Ra La Bretagne, from Havre f

 

# New York Rhermatiam and Gout cured in every case

 

 

 

   

Be feu ia ie mi eras I for Ne i nS oi since TAHT, FAMOUS PRESCRIPTION | 100.tx4,
Ra Southwark, from Antwerp for New Yor) Always wafe and reliable, 75 “ t mt LLER 9
Be Rotterdain, from Rotter c New York, PHARMACY, 74 University place, New dor orn er Ss
ee
OUTCOING STEAMSHIPS, MARRIDImM
sonened a
Sov’ Tuctdin, J - A,
=o: ails Mors BENSEL- TIBBITS,- On Jan. 10, 1900, by the Fu rp j tu re
Trave, Bremen TOOAM Nev Dr. Andrew Longacre, Percival Ward Bensel >
Comanc N Charleston to Groce Follerton Tibbits, daughter of Minma E
F] Paso, New Orleans ‘ s U
Sail Wednesday, Jan, 17, Fu me nusual Advantages

Bt Paul, Southampton TOOAM 1OOOAM I
aeeroala Batweis ween ieee Sasa are now being offered by us as a re-
Aiireten, Ha vane LOOP M400 PM | qgwsrnoNng.-at ber residence. 140 Weat| SGIt of important price reductions on
olorado ul . « On r ‘ ’ ‘
Comal, Galveston woo PM oth st, Now York, on Jan, 18, 1000 Emel | many lines since completion of stock
Alltanga, Colop » ¥20AM 1oo PM tne Antoinette, wile of Collin Armatrong | ¢.p24 4
Sai! Thuraday, Jo + and danghter of Ophelia Peck and the late ly :
La Gaseoune, have ; no A M IOWOANM Leonard Heas of New Orleans, La T hes: rejuctions apply to
Niagaru, Tampico PoOoPM 800PM : : ae
f , Punere! private. Now Orleans, La., and Schoharie,
uratoga, Narsat LOORM hoop
ameter ere” Se 00 PH) TS... papers pleate copr, SIDEROARDS,
INCOMING STRAMSTTIPS, : t vita tdne of Predera
: OK, Anive Bliza Mitchell, widow Frejerick A
Due Tod Coban BEDROOM SUITES,
vapene Funeral. White Plaine, NY. on arrival of 1 40 PARLOR SUITES,
Powhata P.M (rain from Grand Contral Depot, Sunday

 

Powhatan

DRESSING TABLES,

Jan, 14, 100

  

  

     

 

 

 

 

 
       

 

 

Branch, 4 West

“ENPRESSION restored by artfeial teeth, Dr

pton CUMIMING,.—On Saturtiy, Jan, 15, Peoo, at Chel >
: tenbam, England, Kobert L. Cumming, formerly CABINETS
Comanche acksonville af thin cit ;
Prigs Willem ili Port au Prince , and many other pieces throughout
La (iaseourne . Havre, HOWFLL,—At Morr stow, N.4,, on Jan. 11, 1900, ‘
Anuiste Victoria Genoa cnry C, eldest son of the late Theodore Pp, | OU® Warerooms——all of which are
Astoria Ciaagow in} ' e ui r ° :
Freier city Swansea Howell of Newark, N J well worthy the attention of those
Movin Gibraltar MORES, On Jan. 18, 1/00, Felix J. Morris who wish to secure tine Furniture
New Orleans Funeral services at Ali Souls’ Unitarian) Church, awa below re ul ar pri
id : eat k 4th av., corner 2oth s'., Monday forenoon, Jan, Y g prices.
Antwerp 15, 1900, at 11:30 0'¢lock. Rev, Thomas B. Slicer R J HORN ER & CO
Due Monday, Jim and Minot J. savage, will officiate, ° . 1 “9
Hosabe ive Lon hon Jan. @] PERRENOUD, Suddenly, Deo. 40, 1809, Gns- Furniture Makers and Importers,
Ving Biew otterdam an, &® » F. Perrenoud
Glan Hamburg Jan. 1 tav F. Perrenou W
Burns le Havabe Jan, 11 Funeral from old Trinity Church, Wall street, at 61 ’ 63, 65 ; est 23d Street
Antila Nassau Jan. 11 noon, Monday, Jan 15,1900, Interment Green (Adjoining Eden Musee. )
Nacooc hea Savannah Jan. 12 i
Dus Tuesday, Jan, 14 Pie
Friesland Antwerp Tan, a | SEARLS, At Brooklyn, Conu., his native town, Jew Publications.
Amstertam Rotterdam tan. 4 Thursday, Jan. 11,1900, William Searls, in his > ~
any ‘ vee pa O83 ‘en on 8 Ruth year. For wany years a resident of Clinton Tho Works of
lhe t tian Ja 2 se
pital, : Port Limon Jan. 0 aventty, Brooklyn, N.Y INCERSOLL,
Knicker ocker New Orleans wan, 10 F Lat his late home, Monday, the 15th {net,,
Chalmette Now Orleans. Jan it Tt ” nok PAINE, F
Due Wednaed ry, Jon vi helt a VOLTAIRE,
Oceunto Liverpool tan. 19 | TABER,~At Philadelphia, on Jan. 11, 1900, E r | and all the erent Freethourht writers, For cats
Cov Liverpool tan. 7 beth Fessenden, daughter of Geo, H., Jr.and | lovne and sampl: copy of The Truth Seeker, address
aqyence Colon Jan 10 Beasie feseenden Taber, aged 7 monthe TRUTH SE ERE CO Lafayeite Place, New York,
Due Thursday, Jin. 18 — ( ‘AMBRIDGE Mon till vs N vi LOPEDIA. Janu:
Latin Brewen fan. 4 | (HE KENSICO CEMETERY,—Private atation,Har. | 70 My. tec ouelns Coe Son tisreree Site
Breretih a. Odbraltar fan. 4| A fom bsciivond; 48 mmlnures’ Fide trom the Und ee ee oe areal aevan,” Polenie
Ohio ; ® 4 o oe yah : Contral Depot, Oiloe, 16 lant 2d at. Islance Monetat dvatere Span «h ‘Ameri a, In-
Horatio... Pate on a Le ? | tanwible Wealth Cla eaters: Aud + rene ane Trane
Alamo sis seveves Galveston Jan 12 Special Notices. Pere ee ee ohne Oe
Dua Friday, Jan. 19 ee a ; ae
torta, amen THE BRANCH postively pays highest price if faruous persons
pone : gene . s ds 8] tor tadion, gentlemen, children's, castor el tuing, UT R P Bought & Sold
tro » ga | @apecially fine evens and strest costumes, Lhe WALTER Ro BENJAMIN
Ewelsior New orleans. Jan. 13 10th ot LETTERS i130 Broaione Mee York,

SEND POR PRICE LISTS

Deaue, leatist, 454 Lexington av, cov 45th st. Award POOKS—Larue, choice gollection old books paper
Columbian Exposition Lovells, magazines, exceptionally low prices
O'SHEA, Lond Broadway (a7th)

 

“PILES. lr. CHAPMAN, 107 Kast 26d, no ent
ting, no lost time; bouk free, pay when cured

meofirich Views examine them, opas.
# books bought PRATT, i4t ath av,

qereeenenenannnnnnene mannan
, Wanted to Purchase.
LD BOOKS —Complete libraries, old programmeg

postage stamp cull: tons bought; cash.
@UREPH BILE, 447 ith aw,

  
 

 

 

Aeligious Notices,

(EMPL EMANU-EL, Sthav. and 484 at. -Snnday

iicgo A. M., De. Joseph Silverman on " the
Greatest Achievement of the Nineteenth Century,’
All Welcome \

The Publio Speaker's Friend.

Joha L Brown & Son, Boston,

 

—

“

Sai ae a |