yn

» ference before the end of the week.

o-

 

VOL, LXXVI.—NO, 310,

TARIF? T0 CONFERENCE S00N

SENATE EXPECTED TO PASS
THE BILL THIS WEEK.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

+NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY. JULY 7. 1909.—coverise, 1900, by the Sun Printing

when Senator Daniel arose and dis-
charged a bombehell into the camp of
the majority, denying that the Senator
from Utah spoke for the Fiuance Com-
mittee. The Senator from Virginia de-
livered a severe arraignment of the
chairman of the committee and his Re-

Committees ef the Whole Gets Through | publican colleagues.

With It-—-Fight May Come on Proposed

“I deny that there has been any meeting

Higher Tobacco Taxes—Sugar ana|°! the Finance Committee to consider

ON Schedules Not Yet Fully Settied.

this question,” said Mr. Daniel. “I make
the point of order that the amendments

Wasmproton, July 6.—Such progress | just reported by the Senator from Utah
as made with the consideration of ‘the | re not the report of the committee.

tariff bill in the Senate to-day that the
leaders on both sides of the chamber
Predicted that the bill’ would be in con-

Ever since the bill was taken up in the
Renate it has been considered in com-
mittee of the whole. Shortly after noon
to-day the last amendment in the com-
mittee of the whole was adopted, the bill
was formally reported to the Senate on

the Senators and the consideration of
the measure in the Senate will proceed.

in committee of the whole were post
poned and will be proposed while the
bill is under consideration in the Senate.
The most important subjects ta be con-
sidered in the Senate are tobacco, sugar
and oil. Amendments ‘o the tobacco
echedule which were offered to-day are
likely to lead to considerable debate

The Southern Senators, particularly
those representing tobacoo manufacturing
States, are opposed to the amendments.
These amendments, which were offered

   
  
  

Mr. Daniel said that he spoke for every
Democratic Senator in making a protest
against the treatment acoorded the mi-
nority. “This i# no way to legislate,” said
he.

Benators Aldrich and Smoot tried to
explain. Mr. Aldrich declared that if
there was objection to the form in which
the amendments had come into the Senate
they would be offered in behalf of him-
self or Senator Smoot personally.

Senator Culberson with a show of feel-
ing objected to any change of the record
of proceedings that would obscure the
issue raised by Mr. Daniel. Mr. Aldrich
was conciliatory and declared that the
whole object was to facilitate the con-
sideration of the bill. 0

“All of us want to get through and get
away,” said the Senator from Rhode
Island. “I do not ask that the Congres-
sional Record be changed or that anything
be omitted, but merely that the fact be
recorded that these amendments were
offered by the Senator from Utah in his
individual right.”

Mr Daniel was severe in his criticism.
He referred to the “little clique” which
Mr. Aldrich got around him and the power
i assumed He declared that he was
tired of “amendments being floated into
the Senate under the flag of the Finance
Committee.”

In a formal way he offered the following
resolution, which he said had been sub-

by Senator Smoot, will, he estimated, mitted to every Democratic Senator and
add $0,838,270 to the revenues of the! had the approval of all:

Government. Marked increases are made Resolved, That every member of a
in the duties en cigarettes and little cigars, | committee appointed by the Senate has
and the tax on tobacoo is increased from | the right to be notified of all meetings of

6 cents to 8 cents a pound.

Senator Beveridge stirred the Finanoe
Committee to action on this subject by
two speeches in the Senate attacking the
tobacco trust. He offered an amendment
and asked for immediate consideration,
but the Finance Committee decided to
hold further hearings and the matter was
entrusted to a sub-committee of five.
This sub-committee did not concede
everything that Senator Beveridge had
advocated, but made substantial in-
creases and abolished the coupons which
are in use in trade by the tobacco dealers.

The rate of $3 a thousand on cigars
weighing more than three pounds a thou- }
eand was retained and a proviso added
which increases the tax on cigara of
which the wholesale price is between $75
and $110 to $6 a thousand. On cigara the
price of which is mere than $110 the tax |
is increased to $9 a thousand. On the |
cigare the weight of which is three pounds |
or lesa a thousand the rate ie fixed at 75
cents & thousand, which is an increase of 23
sents over the rate in the present law. The
House rate on cigarettes weighing more |
than three pounds a thousand is retained |
at $3.60, but on cigarettes weighing three |
pounds and less the rate is reduced from |
the House rate of $1.40 to $1.25, which is, |
however, still an increase over the exist- |
ing law. The House provision distin-
guishing between cigars and cigarettes,
which claasifies those with tobacco wrap-
pers as cigars and those wrapped in paper
or substance other than tobacco as ciga-
rettes, waa retained. The tax on snuff,
chewing and smoking tobacoo, including
finecut, cavendish, plug or twist and
cutter granulated tobacoo of every de-
scription is increased from 6 centa to 8
cents. This rate also applies to hand
twist or any other form of manufactured
or prepared tobacco. The provision for- |
bidding the use of coupons or trade stamps |
ig very general in ite character. The |
amé\dments provide that the new

ule shall go into effect July 1, 1910.

Senator Clay has given notice of an
amendment he will offer to the sugar
echedule and on which he expects to make
some remarks. Senator Cummins has
several amendments to offer and Senator
Curtis proposed to-day an amendment
placing a countervailing duty on crude

of a tariff commission. It is not unlikely |
that the Senator from Wisconsin will sub-
mit some remarks upon the general
aspects of the tariff legislation.

But all things considered the leaders

and have it committed in conference.
"Various estimates were made to-day of
the time that will be required by the con-
ference committee. Senator Aldrioh be-
lieves that the conference can conclude
its labors within a week, but other esti-
mates carry it forward for ten days or
two weeks.
Several days ago there was an informal
t among the leaders from the
and House to work together with
of bringing about an adjournment
on July 24. There was a sen-
tal interest in this plan, because the
that

-=

fel

ut
i

z
re
z§

H

2

i

3

|

the committees” of the whole to the
Senate a formal protest submitted on
behalf of the minority members
of the Senate by Senator Daniel
of Virginia, cotasioned ‘quite a stir
and had the effect of ee my the
course of Benate proceedings. ourore
was raised over the tobacco tax amend-
ments reported by Bmo0t.

the committee to which he belongs and the
right to vote upon every proposition offered
to the committee by the Senate or reported
by the committee for action.

Mr. Daniel asked immediate considera-
tion for the resolution and added that he
raised the question of privilege that his
rights as a Senator had been denied him

Mr. Aldrich objected to the considera-
tion of the resolution, which he declared
was not in order

 

SAVED BY AUTO'S HONK.

Nolse Scared (T Highwaymen Whe Were
Sheeting at George Bugbee.

Mocnt VERNON, July 6.—The honk
of an auto coming down the road un-
doubtedly saved the life of George Bug-
bee, a contractor of Armonk, who was
held up by three highwaymen this morn-
ing while he was on the way to the home
of C. R. Agnew with $500 to pay off a gang
of Italian workmen. Mr. Agnew is a
brother of Senator George B. Agnew of
New York city.

As contractor was passing a lonely
place on the highway three Italigns
jumped {rom behind the bushes and each
levelled a revolver at him, demanding
the money. Bugbee, who was unarmed,
started to run. One of the highwaymen,
who was only fifteen feet away, fired at
him. The bullet struck him in the shoul-
der, putting his right arm out of business.
Then another man fired and the bullet
went through his coat, grazing his back.
Seeing that he could not escape Bugbee
stopped. His assailants, revolvers in hand,
were clééing in on him, when a big auto
was heard honking along the road.

Bugbee had expected that the bandits
would pounce on him and take his roll,
but when they heard the auto coming
they hesitated a moment and then fled.
He was assisted to the New Castle Hotel,
where he was bandaged and he was then
taken to White Plains to have his wounds
dressed. The highwaymen fled to the
woods and they are being pursued by
Sheriff S&cherp and deputies.

Bugbee says that they were not any of
the Italians employed on the Agnew place.

 

MRS. COX SUES FOR DIVORCE.

Congreseman's Wife Alleges Craeity With-
out a Lawyer's Assistance.
Darton, Ohio, July 6.—-Mrs. James M.
Cox, wife of the member of Congress from
this district, filed a petition for divorce
in the Common Pleas Court of this county
to-day. She alleges extreme cruelty.
Mrs. Cox filed the petition in person and
paid the requisite fee to cover the court
costs. The name of an attorney does

 

 

CAUGAT AFTER 11 YEARS.

Alleged Marderer Had M: te Another
State, Remarried His Wife Presper <1.

Evserton, Ga., July 6.—After living
for eleven ‘years in Alabama under an
assumed name, accumulating a fortune
and becoming in his com-
munity, J. B. Hill, a former citizen of
this county, has been brought to Elber-
ton and lodged in jail to be tried for com-
plicity in a murder committed years ago.

Eleven yeare ago Hill and his son-in-
law, Samuel Brock, it is alleged, killed
Lee Crook, a wealthy planter. It is ad-
mitted that Brock did the actual killing,
but it is charged that Hill was an acces-
sory. Brock escaped and has never
been heard from. Hill was arrested,

 

but escaped before trial and went to! ¢),

Alabama, settling near Guntersville, and
assuming the name of James Lind.

Later he wont back to Georgia for his
wife and children. Mrs. Hill posed as
a widow and her husband remarried her
in Alabama under the name of Lind to
avoid suspicion. .

Hill after going to Alabama accumu-
lated money. He now owns over 1,000
of farming land under which, it is

coal vein and also a bed of iron
been discovered. Hill's old
in Georgia had about for-
and the killing of Crook when
‘was discovered that he lived in Alabama
become a man of means.

Wansley communicated with

greatly humiliated by his arrest, but
says he wil) be able to prove his innocence.

   
  
 
      
    

 

WOMEN INVADERS JEBRED

WALL STREET DOESN'T WEL-
COME THE SUFFRAGETTES.

 

 

Showers of Ticker Tape More Pientifal
Than Nickels—A Few Copies ef the
Organ and an Occasional Fan Seidl
—Even the Pelicemen Are Distant.

Wall street ien’t altogether like upper
Seventh avenue. The suffragettes recog-
nized that there was a difference when
they went down there yesterday aftér-
noon to sell fans, buttons and the Su/-
fragette, but they are still trying to guess
what it is and why.

One of them said last night that per-
haps it was the streas of the struggle for
gold that made the brokers so deaf to
the ory of oppreased woman. Even the
policemen ate different from the kindly
bluecoats of Hariem.

Why, whenever a man is rudé to any
of the National Progressive Woman
Suffrage Union anywhere north of 100th
street a patrolman, sometimes even 4
captain, tells him at once that he must
behave or explain why not to a Magis-
trate. But it wasn’t that way yesterday
afternoon. Fifty or sixty men and boys
were impolite to Mrs. Loebinger and
Miss Tyng when they tried to sell their
souvenirs in front of the Broad street
entrance of the Stock Exchange. They
jostled them and laughed loudly and re-
fused to give up their nickels. Policeman
Joseph Burns of the First precinct was
summoned to their aid by a man who
asked him whether he didn't realize that
“that bunch of toughs were insulting the
ladies?”

“Well, if they are,” replied Burns,
“there is only one thing for the ladies
to do and that is to beat it. They‘ought
to know that they haven't any business to
come down here to eell that stuff anyway,
and if they don’t move along I'll back
up @ patrol sagon and pack every one of
‘em in it.”

Mrs. Loebinger, who was obviously dis-
appointed at the reception which the
crowd had been giving her and who looked
worried and nervous, at once followed

walked as rapidly as possible toward
Exchange place, where she turned toward
Broadway. The crowd followed and ran
into another crowd which was drawn up
in Exchahge court. Just as they met
Miss Tyng, who was behind Mrs. Loeb-
inger and who couldn’t manage to keep
up with her, sold a Suffragette to a oon-
science smitten jeerer.

All this time men were flinging ticker
tape down on the self-deniers and thoee
who surrounded them, and once in a while
an envelope filled with water landed on the

d of a spectator. It really wasn't the
members of the exchange who threw these
things. however. Mrs. Loebinger is sure
of that.

Tt wasn't later than haif past 8 when the
Murphy-Loebingur-Tyng repiésentastion
of the N. P. W. 8. U. sought the uptown
subway entrance at Wail Street. Several
hundred curiosity seekers watched them
descend the stairs, but the excitement
they created could not be interpreted as
a victory for the cause. Mra. inger,
it is true, insisted that she had made a
speech right where the crowd was thick-
est and the noise greatest. but no one
seemed to be able to jot down anything
she said. She said also that she had sold
several of her fans, and the cheers of the
crowd which were repeated several times
for Miss Tyng marked the sale of at least
four Suffrageties.

It cannot be denied, however, that
viewed from a financial stardpoint the
second day of the week of self-denial was
a flat failure.

Hurdygurdies will be the properties
for to-day's demonstration.

ANARCHIST IN SECRET POLICE.

 

Russian Writer Accuses Head of Russian
Service in Paris—Government in Deubt.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tan SUN.

Panis, July ‘6.—Considerable commo-
tion was caused here to-day by the publi-
cation of an assertion attributed to Bourt-
zeff, the exiled Russian littérateur who
exposed Eugene Azeff some time ago,
to the effect that Gen. Harting, head of
the Russian secret police in Paris, is iden-
tical with the anarchist Landersen,
sentenced by defauit to five years imp:
onment in 1890 for organizing dynam’
outrages against the Czar Alexander III.

The Government has ordered an in-
quiry to establish the truth of Bourtzeff's

_| statement and if it is substantiated

The officials of the Prefecture of Police
uoted that

wre iS “Soer fas tak eel

Bourtzeff to secure immunity for himeelf

Lee ee ched Troms Onde Baten tay

m . ‘

Swi Belgium and Rusaia, a and

has been asked to im.
It is intimated that if the new story that
he tells is disproved this will be done.

TIP FOR THE SURGEON.

 

 

San ove parents live at 121 Metro-

me up,

condition, dressed
hoy to call
do ao the you f
with his goed fe ene
coppers. ng
cian he said:
“Here, Doo, take these cop;
have two beers. You're all right.”
Dr. Welton gave the coins and
told the boy to invest therr in papers

Senater Clay Reclected.

ATLaNnTa, July 4.--By unanimous vote
the House and Senate, acting

i Ge dester tn oharge.
|

&

 

 

‘

F

States Senator from Georgia for a third
term to-day, ratifying the will of the
at Be at the polls in the pri-

mary on.

 

  

 

 

 

Sas See
and Publishing Association.

 
  

   

  

 

HE DEMANDS T0 BR LOCKEDUP "MASSACRE IN SOUTH RUSSIA.

A Hundred Jews and Landterds Said te

BE HAD DIAMONDS,
House Had Heard of Witkinsen
Befere He Got Here and Get Him.

 

 

KNEW
Custom

 

    

PICTURE SELLER SAYS HIS CON-
SCIENCE FLOGGED HIM.

   
  

probably from the Canal Zone, that L. A.
Wilkinson,formerly employed at Santiago,
Chile, by the Singer Manufacturing Com-
pany, was coming this way with things
‘that he might not declare and that were
dutiable. ,

Mr. Wilkinson arrived yesterday by the
Panama Railroad steamship Colon. His
baggage, which contained nothing duti-
able, was passed. James F. York of the
special agent's staff and Inspector Isaac
Wilson, who had been detailed to look
after Wilkinson, asked him if he had any-
thing on his person of a dutiable nature

that-he had bought in South America, He
| declared that he had not and was invited
to step back aboard ship and ‘be searched.

He had three goid watches, and two were
taken from him. In an envelope that
had the address of the Singer Manu-
facturing Company Wilkinson had
several diamond stickpins. These also

 

 
  
    
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   

      

 

fire to his art shop back in 1904. Wright
seemed to be sane enough, but apparently
he had his doubts as to how the con-

    
         
       
   
 

swore in a morning and afternoon Grand
day he had sent his cousin Alexander|Jury for ‘July yesterday and made a
Fisher to acting District Attorney Smyth
to ask if a surrender would be acceptable.
Fisher was told to bring in the erring one

      
        
  
 

   
       
       
    

were seized. He was then told to take off sider “wilful misconduct on the. of
his clothing, and six solitaire diamond | #4 ® few hours later he came back with | 1 bji0 officials” they would bo exiled Into
rings were found on him. When these | Wright o court to receive further instructions.

  
  
    

were discovered, he said: “Gentlemen, I
am up a tree!”

The seized articles, ‘valued at abont
$1,000, were taken to the seizure room.
Wilkinson was allowed to go. He said
he had become a speculatar in jewelry
after leaving the employ of the Singer
company and that the stuff taken from
him had been bought chiefly from pawn-
shops in South America.

COL. TUCKER WEDS MRS. PLATT.

Ceremony by Justice to Be Followed by
a Chureh Marriage. ;

Derrorr, July 6.—The marriage of

Col. William F. Tucker, U. 8. A., retired,

and Mrs. Myrtle Platt took place in De-

troit to-day. They were married at noon

by Justice of the Peace Felix Lemkie, and

  
 
  
  

 

    

NOBODY'S 8100,000.

Meney Alleged to Have Been Given as a
Bribe Likely te Ge te Charity.
InpraNaPoLss, July 6.—Oscar A. Baker,

   

the second floor of the building at 2281 to
2200 Broadway, owned by John O. Baker

    
 

 

 

          
     
 
 
 
 
 

    

      
         

a church ceremony will follow on the re-
turn of the couple from a long trip on
which they started immediately after the

or where he has stayed since his arrival.
PLAY BY LADY RANDOLPH.

Princes and Peeresses Appiaud at Matinee
Rendering ef ‘His Borrowed Piames.”
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sum,
Lonpon, July 6.--“His Borrowed
Plumes,” the first play written by Mre.

 

 

among whom were the Duchess of Marl-
borough, the Duchess of Roxburghe and
the Duchess of Manchester. Among the
men of high rank in the audience were
Prince Francis of Teck, the Grand Duke
Michael of Russian and Admiral Lord

Charles Beresford: The bulk of the au-|-

dience of both sexes occupy innumerable
pages in “Debrett.”

Bome of the oritios unkindly suggest
that the audience was the most notable
feature of the occasion notwithstanding
the fact that Mrs. Patrick Campbell and
other prominent actresses and actors
interpreted the characters. The play
cannot be truthfully described as a re-
markable achievement, but it has a cer-
tain freshness and it proves considerable
insight into life.

It pleased the audience immensély and
they demanded that the author appear
bef: the ourtain. They cheered her
heartily as she made her bow across the
footlights.

 

SMALL BROTHERS SHOT.

Discharge From Ambush Costa @ne a
Hand and the Other a Wounded Shoulder.
William Kirschner, 12 years old, and
his brother Alfred, 9 years old, of 389
Spring street, West Hoboken, were shot
by an unknown person late yesterday
afternoon while walking up the Shore
Road from the West Shore ferry at Wee-
hawken to Weehawken Heights. .

The boys had been swimming in the
Hudson River and were trudging up the
steep hill when they heard the report
of a gun in some dense bushes. A shower
of shot rained about them. William was
shot in the right hand and a surgeon was
subsequently obliged to amputate the
hand. Alfred was etruck in the right
shoulder and neok.

The walked over a quarter
of a mile to the top of the bluffs, where
they acreeas a policeman. He sent
=. the North Hudson Hospital in

Hill. The cop scoured the woods,
but was unable to find anybody with a gun.

SAYS WIFE FOOLED HiM.

Husband Alleges That She Got a Divorce
and Memarried While on a Visit.

 

ile
rap
to

 

 

for him and asked for

i
;
s
x

 

  
  
 
  
  
  

 

he hoped that the property owners would

 

 

modification which has been made and
asks for consents. It is added:

An application to the Appellate Division
will mean a long delay, and as the commis-
sion ie nearly ready to advertise this road
for bide and - —o Hacenaes
of additional t ea impera-
ing Detectives Donlon and Asip of Btate tive the commission asks that you give
street headquarters that Diamond at-| your consent in the form enclosed. If a

   
 
 
 
  
   

when they arrested him as a pickpocket
on the Bridge street elevated station at
Myrtle avenue, Brooklyn, last night at
6 o'clock. William Hoffses, a painter of

pocket while he was waiting for a train. tained it will mean that the commission
When Diamond had a chance to talk in | either has to institute proceedings in the
the detective bureau he tokd-a story that | Appellate Division, gr if that will involve
caused Detective Lindsa to wonder | °° great « delay it will have to fall back
y upon the present plan and build the road
whether a mistake had not really been |i, accordance therewith,
made. Lindsay wafned the complainant

that there wouki be trouble if he had ,
1 the . ls A ie mob GOOD CIGARS FOR HARRIMAN.
swear positively had attempted to go/| His Sen Takes Them Over te the Regtens
through his pockets. Hoffses insisted on; @ of Bad Tobacco.
making the complaint. The Misses Mary and Caroline and
In giving the detectives reasons why | Master Roland Harriman, children of
they should discredit the complaint|@ 4. Harriman, who is under medical
against him Diamond said that he was @| treatment in Austria, sailed yesterday by
tradésman with an established business.|¢n¢ North German Lloyd steamship

 

who said that if Mr. Harriman were not
teenth street, Brooklyn, and that he can} im his eldest son, Averill, now in
lay hie hand on $5,000 any time he wantsit. | the Weat, would be on his way to Europe.

When the detectives first had their at-| Roland Harriman had four boxes of

trate Paul Krotel, who will join his wife
Germany, and Mr. and Mrs. David

me

 

te Back Dr. Boyd's Night Fier.
Cabie Despatch to Tax Sun.
duly 1.—The Daily

 

MORAN'S AUTO KILLS WOMAN.

Now Worker Was Trying te Aveid Child
When Mother Ran Inte Sefeet.

New Haven, July 6.—Mrs. Angelo

Pilante was struck and her skull factured

Spectat
Lonpon, News

 

the patents

According to Mr. Moran he was driving in connection with his invention.

with his wife, his sister-in-law, two chil-

 

 

and a chauffeur from N.
noticed of the machine about a month hence.
the side of tigwot. He ah ng at | Hie refuses as yet to reveal the whero-
ep child cau- | abouts of the ship.
> Rewide, the strest and cromed | coe rains “od >
in front of toa machine. With | of the aianis 0 tar “a pre
oe ecercad nas see”
. He
oned medical ald and the | A 81,000,000 Fourth fer Atlantic City.
accident to the pole. ATLANtio Crrr, N. J., July 6.—Hotel and
oe ot Ee oat & >. business men deposited more
‘was én ihe 000 in the banks here to-day as share
ty pany. ir. Moren geve Inia | Of the harvest from visitors in the last
sdaress o2 140 Br way Hew ND 6 A a
yg ‘ev Yor'
ne ; B "taylor. banker, of sight or forie Pe Slee, Sp

a | from their island palisade,

PRICE TWO CENTS.

TAFT AT CHAMPLAIN SHOW

JOINS WITH AMBASSADORS IN
DECLARING FOR WORLD PEACE.

 

 

 

“America” Sung Spentaneceusty by Great
Crewd at Fort Ticenderoga—Ficia
Day fer Oratery, for Ethan Alien and
fore Hughes-—More Mimic Fights.

_ Forr Trconwpmroaa, N. Y., July 6.—
There was a dramatic moment here this
afternoon in the Champlain teroentenary
celebration. Fully 10,000 persons were
Packed closely together on a sloping
hillside just below the ruins of old Fort
Tioonderoga. The Presidential party had
not arrived and a gap in the speaking was
being filled up by short addresses.
Congressman Foster of Vermont was
speaking of the large place in the world
that the United States is now filling.
He paid a tribute to Gov. Hughes an’
said, as he glanced toward the Govern:
that Vermont looked to New York in t::
not distant future for Presidential timb | °
Mr. Hughes smiled sadly and the crow.l
applauded. Mr. Foster closed with some

Far out in the crowd the thin, small
voice of a man was heard fo sing the first
notes of “My Country, ‘Tis of Thee.”
The song wavered, then grew faint.
Just as it was about to stop the sweet con-
tralto voice of a woman joined in. Two
r three others came to the assistance of

the struggling singers. Then came a
loud voice: “Everybody join in!”

and then 10,000 voices, with Gov. Hughes
practically leading them, sang the rest
of “America.” When the verse *Our
Father’s God to Thee” was reached all
bowed heads and there were tears in many

oyes.
After the song was over Gov. Hughes
advanced to the front of the stand and

his spirit could have heard all the eulogies
given to him it must have been especially
ethereal to-day in the other world and his
body must have turned in ite grave from
sheer embarrassment and immodest ap-
preciation of all the grand things eaid
about him and his deeds.

“In the name of the great Jehovah and
the Continental Congress!” rang all over
Fort Ticonderoga’s grounds to-day and
the echoes went sweeping up and down
the Champlain Valley to the everlasting
honor of the man who uttered those words
in May, 1775. Ethan Allen was alive
again very much in three parts to-day.

In the night the Tenth Regiment of the
Nationa! Guard and the Indian pageant
players were taken by water to Fort Ti-
conderoga, to “Ti,” as every one around
here speaks of the fort and the village,
three miles away, affectionately. The
floating island of the Indians was anchored
in a beautiful cove to the south of the fort
and almost in the shadow of Fort De-

- | flance, from the top of which Mont Clem-

ents forced the Americans to evacuate
Fort Ticomderegs. The aoldiera went
into bivouac in the edge of some woods,
CROWDS GATHER EARLY.
The crowds” began to gather early.
train after special train dropped
thousands at Addison Junction, three-
quarters of a mile from the fort. Other
thousands came by wagon and automo-
bile, and still other thousands walked
over from old “Ti” and other villages,

A large number went through the re-
stored barracks of the fort where Allen
summoned Capt. De La Place to surren-
der. They saw the relics which have al-
ready been collected to form the nucleus
of a museum, They admired especially
Allen's eword which he won on that mem-
orable occasion. They went to look at
the Indian Island. They strolled all over

as in ‘
walking up and down the hills here seems
to tend toward a larger, more rotund
velopment of calf measure than in the
cities.
ANOTHEB MIMIC BATTLE.
When the first shower ceased the band

and then with wild yells sprang out on the
plain after climbing stealthily up the
bank. Company J of the Tenth, the trusty

called “ilikit™ with Bl-| defenders of modern things, discovered
Shenver'adt Malden Lane. | Soom A shot was fired and then a hated