.

 

 

—_
—

VOL. LXXIX.—NO. 36.

 

GOV, DIX'S PARTNER INDICTED

 

|
sTATE CHAIRMAN HUPPUCH |
Acct SED UNDER SHERMAN LAW. |

 

 

dition of the wall paper manufacturing |

trade has been one of demoralization. |
During that period 55 per cent: of the wall
paper manufacturers that were in business |
twelve years ago have either failed 4r the |
business haa been wound up. Two large

mills in the United States discontinued |

TURKS LOSE TORPEDO BOATS

  
   

‘WAY TAKE ALL COAL HERE.
;White Star Begins It —Cheaper and
| Quicker Loading.

The White Star Line is about to adopt
the practice of taking on board sufficient
coal at this port for a round trip, and

Alleged to Have Conepired With Others | business in June or July of this year, one | London Cannot Confirm Report—Iitaltan | Other lines of fransatlantic ships are to

'

to Prevent Five and Ten Cent Stores
from Baying Wall Paper From,
Jobbers—He Makes Vigorous Dental. !

CLEVELAND, Ohio, Oct. 5.-- Prominent
«all paper jobbers and manufacturers
in diferent parts of the country con-
stituti z the so-called wall paper trust
were indicted to-day by the Federal

Grand Jury on the charge of conspiring

rain trade in violation of the Sher-
.

to res
man anti-trust law.

Among the prominent men indicted is
W, A Huppuech, chairman of the New
York State Democratic committee,
manaver of Gov. Dix's political campaign
and member of the State Public Service
He is president of the
Association of Wall Paper Manu-

Commission
Nationa
facturers
Atrorneys for the indicted men, of
there are nine, arranged with the
Government officials to have them appear
here Saturday to anewer the indictments.
The ndictments were brought on com-
plaint of the Peerless Five and Ten Cent
Store of Pittsburg. It ia alleged that the
men indicted, forming the executive com-
of the jobbers’ and manufec-
ganizations, met in Cleveland on

vhom

ne

mittee-

turers

May 30, 1910, end entered into an agree-
ment not to sell to five and ten cent
stores Th's was Cherged, was in

restraint of trad® end contrary to the
word and spirit of the Shermen = anti-
rs Ww
mas L. Roche of Philadelphia, sec-
retary of the Manufacturers Association,
and Williain L. Yetter of Omaha, secretary
of the jobbers’ organization, appeared
pefore the Grand Jury and for their tes-
timony got an immunity bath. The!
Grand Jury made its investigation and to- |
lay made its report
The following were indicted:
Poar °,

|

Jay B

president of the Jobbers Asso -
ciation, Cleveland; C. C. Adler, Colum- |
pus, Ohio; Norton Newcomh, St. Louis;
Charles E. Maxwell, Chicago and New

York, W. A. Huppneh, Hudaon Fa'ls,
N Y¥.. George Tait, Glens Falls, N.Y;
Reoicct FE. Hobbs, Hoboken, N. J.; John

McCoy, York, Pa.

It is further charged in the indictments
tbat the manufacturers and jobbers made
an agreemeni not to sell goods to any one
who furnished wall paper to the five and |
ten cent stores |

It is declared that the two organizations |
rianned a general attack on the stores

ecause the latter would not keep up
the prices ot wall paper, but slashed |
rates, |

The meeting at which the alleged agree-
ment was reached was held in this city
at- the offices of Jay B. Pearce. A few
months ago Mr. Pearce and several others
were indicted, but it was found that the
indictments were faulty and they were
withdrawn.

The manufacturers and jobbers declare |
that they did not plan a war on the smal]!
stores and that in the case of the Peerless |
company, which has since failed, they |
refused to do business with it, as the!
concern had no credit. |

The law firm of Goulder, Day, White |
& Garry and Attorney John J. Sullivan,
former Distriet Attorney, appeared in |
Federal Court to-day in behalf of the |
defendants and made arrangements for |
their appearance here Saturday.

ALBANY, Oct. 5.—Public Service Com-
missioner Winfield A. Huppuch gave out
ths statement to-night regarding his in-
tietment in Cleveland to-day for a viola-

noof the anti-Sherman law in connec-

n with other indictments growing out |

f # combination in restraint of trade |
nthe well paper business: |

This matter was based upon a com-
made by Frank Hall of Pittsburg
| certain jobbers and manufacturers
nad met and decided not to sell their goods
t) Sve and ten cent stores. This allegation
has positively no basis, the facts being
that upon the date which Mr. Hall states
tre meeting referred to was held there
no five and ten cent wall paper
stores in existence other than the stores
ve nneran

Ihe Standard Wall Paper Company
f Hudson Falls and Schuylerville, N. Y.,
t's which Mr. Huppuch is connected,
the Hall Decorating Company
ef Pttshurg, Pa., about four or five years

 

 

 

al
‘

aint

Were

Ww
\d

acid if

aL Hall was then managing the busi-
ness of whieh his wife was the reputed
wwrner

This sale was made upon the basis
of a signed statement as to his financial

ondition made to the Standard Wall
t mpany upon November 11, }

* and which statement was signed
ank Hallas manager. In July, 1907,
‘he standard Wall Paper Company was
rlaed to accept settlement for the
nt owed on the basis of 25 cents on
Ar
n after this time Hall also opened
if 4 Btore in Pitteburg under the name
' the Standard Wall Paper Company,
and the Standard Wall Paper Company
f Hudson Falls and Schuylerville, N. Y.,
Was unable to prevent the use of its title
'Y Teason of the fact that it was not
rporated under the laws of Pennsyl-
Sut inasmuch as the impression
ne outto the trade in Pennsylvania,
and adjacent territory that thé store
ed by Hall wasa branch of the Btand-
"1 Well Paper Company of Hudson Falls
od Schuylerville, N. Y., the latter com-
y was obliged to notify the trade that
"had connection with the Pittsburg
under its name, and alao of the
i noneof the goods of the Standard
Foner Company, Hudson Falle and
ville, N. ¥., were being handled
nis store,
»andard Wall Paper Company has
ug for years its goods to depart-
res, and has at least twenty-five
such accounts upon its books,
inv oof these stores have made a
f five and ten cent papers, It
heen selling mail order houses |
existence of the Standard Wall
‘ompany
timation that this aetion has
oon againat a wall paper trust is |
ious that it is hardly worth atten- |
sreitnot made with the idea of mia-
7 people who are not acquainted |
© facts. There is no wall paper |
1 the United States, large or amall, |
innot testify as to the absurdity of |
NArge

“Durwg the last twelve years the con,

arr

 

>»

ner
}

Wa

De metre een ea ac a AEST

of them voluntarily and the other through
bankruptcy. Of the 45 per cent. remain- |
ing, several of the larger manufacturers |
have been obliged to undergo reorganiza-
tion for financial reasons.”

SOON TO TRY NEW FLIER.

Wright Brothers Have Material at Kill
Devil Hill for Buzzard Machine.
NorFo.ux, Va, Oct With parts of
their new buzzard shaped aeroplane
stored in a barn shaped structure erected
on the sand dines at Kill Devil Hill, near |
Manteo, N.C. Orville and Wilbur Wright |
are expected to reach that place on Sun-
day to begiy experiments :
Lorin Wright, an elder brother of the]
Ohio inventors, made preliminary arrange- |
ments for the coming of Orville and Wil-
bur and superintended the construction

 

of the shed in which the mysterious |
machine will be housed |

Guarded by life savers connected
with the Kill Devil) Hill) «tation, the

 

machine is sate from molestation |

The Wrights have purchased a large |
area of land at Will Devil Hill) Most of |
it is sand, and being remote froth civiliza- |
tion is an ideal place for conducting guch |

experiments as the Ohio inventors con-; was merely intended as a demonstration |
which might possibly bring Turkey to]

of

template without danger having the!
product of their brains studied or imitated
by others

The building in which the new machine
will be stored is erected in the centre of
the property. On all sides big signs
warn trespassers io keep off

Several big boxes have arrived at Kill
Devil Hill. and while the life savers, the |
only persons in the confidence of th
Wrights concerning the new machine,
are silent, it is said that the boxes con-
tain material for the construction of as
many as three other buzzard shaned
machines in case the firat one meets with |
accident. |

The new machine, it is hoped, will fly |
faster and will be safer and stronger |
than the machines with which the Wrights |
first startled the world in 1904 and again |
in 1908, when they flew eight miles over |
the ocean and hack to the same sand
dunes at Kill Devil Hill

4 boat has been chartered by the,
Wrights to carry material and provisions |
from Elizabeth City, N.C., to Manteo, N.C. |

e

 

MUSTN'T MIND EDISON.

German Colleague Says Inventor Knows,
Only Hts Own Provinee,

Spectal Cotte Despatch to Tas SUN

BERLIN, Oct. 5. Herr Bergmann, direc-
tor of the great Bergmann machinery
works «and a friend and colleague of
Edison for forty years, has replied to
Edison's criticiem of Germany in this

| fashion

“No attention should be paid to Edison
when talking of anything ontside of his
own province, as his judgment is hasty
and superficial in such matters. One
should only listen to Edison on such topics
with a shrug of the shoulders.”

Herr Bergmann has sent a wireless mes-
sage to Fdison on board the steariship
Amerika

I

so that he ean deny the pub-
ished interview toon his arrival at New
Pork

A New York paper of recent date quoted
Edison as making many invidious com-
parisons between Germany and America
including the comment thet the Germans
fed their brains on too much beer

ACCUSES BRONX PRESIDENT,
-* 4 - -
Paving Contractor Says He Has Come.
piained to Gevernor,

When the Board of Fatimate was about
to adjourn vesterday Thomas M. Hart, |

fone of the bidders for the contract for

asphalt paving on City Island, stepped
forward and asked the Mayor “for justice”
against Borough President Miller.

“I come here,” he exclaimed, “to plead
to you not to allow Mr. Miller to reject |
my bid for paving City Island with asphalt, |
which was the lowest offer, and give the |

contract to a higher bidder.” |
Mr. Gaynor advised Mr. Hart to file a
petition with the hoard for a hearing!

which would be considered at the next
meeting.

After the meeting Mr. Hart said he had ;
filed charges with Gov. Dix against Mr
Miller’ The basis of the charges was |
that he had shown discrimination as to ,
the City Island paving

Mr. Miller said that while Mr. Hart
was the lowest bidder, his offer being |
$52,659, the Board of Trade of City Island |
had recommended the letting of the con-
tract to Dayton & Hedges, whose bid was |
$57,549. There were four competitors,

|

|

and Mr. Miller left the determination of
the matter to the Board of Trade. Mr.
Miller will do nothing until Mr. Hart has
had a chance to be heard, but it is his in-
tention to give the contract to Dayton &
Hedges

ALBANY, Oct. No charges against
President Miller have been received at
the Executive chamber.

DOCTOR'S AUTO RAMBLES.

Empty Car Rolls Away From His Door
and Turns a Corner,

When Dr. Frank Dowe of 3800 West
Ninety-seventh street looked out of the
window of the room in which he was
attending some patients yesterday after-

5,

noon he saw his motor car, which a few} commencenent of the boinbardment of | to her

moments before had been standin;
quietly in West End avenue, disappearing
rapidly up the street, and as far as hwo

it
ninth street saw it strike some objcc!
in the road, turn sharply down towara
Riverside Drive and sail right acrosa the
drive into the stone embankment which
borders the sidewalk. ‘The doctor had}

to push his way through a crowd to get! exercised extvere caiition in making sure last night with an overcoat,

to his machine, but nobody had
any one get out of the car

Later a woman came to his house and
said that she had seen John Giovanni, |
who delivers fruit for u store at 2454)
Broadway, straighten the wheels of the
ear and start it going, 60 the doctor

Been

chased after him and had Patrolman |
Hahn take him to the
station,

gefore Magisirate Murphy in the Weat

| Side Court, where he said that a “big boy”

had started the car, not he. The Magis-

trate discharged him

shot an American Eagle at Sca,

Capt, Sehmidt of the tank Charlois, in
last fight from Rotterdam, has in his pos-
session the wings of an American eagle
measuring six feet from tip to tip. Last
Monday morning when the ship was
nearing this port the big bird alighted on
the foremast. Capt. Sehmidt
him down with one shot from his rifle. ,

| the Sultan.

‘

prought | 7

Flag Over Tripoli, but Turks Have
Not Offered to Surrender--Germany

Heads Powers Urging Meditation. | pyrope and is being supplied at very low |

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN
TURIN, Oct.5. It ia said that the aquad-
ron commanded by the Duke of the

ldo likewise, mainly because domestic
| bunker coal is averaging higher in quality
i than most of the bunker @oals of western

{eost as compared with foreign coal of
| prime steaming grades.

he Olympic has been taking on board
tat each terminal 7,200 tons. Her bunker

BY WIRELESS ACROSS PACIFIC)”

SAN FRANCISCO TALKS TO A
STATION IN JAPAN.

 

| Etectrte Waves Span Six Thousand Miles
| of Water and Operators Carry On Con-
versation for Fifteen Minutes—How
Wireless Communication Has Grown.

| San Francisco, Oct. 5.- Wireless mea-
| sagea were flashed between San Francisco
and Japan over 6,000 miles of ocean for the

Abruezi haa sunk two more Turkish | space, planned to be of service to the | first time at 2:15 o'clock this morning.

torpedo boats in the Adriatic and that | Admiralty in war time for long voyages,| Greetings were exchanged between the | was submerged.

another has been sunk south of Sicily
Lonpon, Oct. 5.. The little war news
to-day is practically confined to the
activities of preparation by Italy for the
occupation of Tripoli and to further
despatches regarding the bombardment
of Tripoli. These despatches, as all news
to date has been, are contradictory

What apparently has happened has been
the destruction of the forts with very
little loss of life, the withdrawal of Turkish
troopsand the landing of a body of Italian
sailors who will remain under the protec-
tion of the guns of the fleet.

Expert commentators here are inclined
to wonder ‘at the bombardment unless it

terms at once Otherwise the action of

\ the fleet in not having the cooperation

of troops is criticised as likely to prolong
the next atage of the campaign

Had the bombardment been supported
by troops on either side of the city it
might have led to the cutting off of the
garrison in the rear. Now they have

| practically been allowed to concentrate

with the Arabs behind the town

Meanwhile Tripoli has not formally sur-
rendered, though the port is defencelese.

Little credit is attached to the reporte
from various &ources, all of which are
unofficial, of naval engagements and bom-
hardmenta of Mitylene, Prevesa, Derna,
Bengazi and other places, especially in
the Dardanelles.

The Daily Mail's correspondent who
is on board the Italian cruiser Coatit
save that it was discovered that Turk-
ish destroyers patrolling the Mediter-
ranean hid attempted to approach the
Italian fleet at night and blow it up. He
adds:

“There were no grave incidents, cs
our destroyers and torpedo boats always
detected the enemy in time and chased
them, hitherto fruitlessly according to
rumor ”

The report that two torpedo boats
were sunk by the Italian fleet this morn-
ing cannot be verified at present

The Chronicle's Constantinople corre-
spondent reports an interview with Kiami!
Pasha, who was thrice Grand Vizier,
who is quoted as saying:

“We relied upon treaty alliances when
Italy pounced upon us without warning
We then eppealed to Great Britain, but
she unfortunately was too judicious to

advise. Germany was appealed to, but
Germany replied that it was too late
“We will never abandon Tripoli. Fight

we must until honorable peace shall come.
We shall fight until the last unless the
Powers find a modus to bring the war toa
close

“The present Cabinet is as bad as the
last and cannot continue long. It has
been suggested that I be made Grand
Vizier. The proposal must come from
Then | whuld consider tt

“lL saw him to-day. He looks well and
hears his troubles bravely. He hopes
that there is yet time to stop unnecessary

| bloodshed.”

The Chronicle's correspondent adds that
women are giving jewels, carpets and
other valuable possessions to the fund
for equipping the Turkish forces, Priests
in the mosques are urging the Mussul-

‘mans to arise to meet the crisis

The Turkish authorities seized Italian
mail, but Germans secured its release
Conflicts between Turks and Germans
are reported at Adena, where the men
are working on a tunnel connecting with
the Bagdad Railway

Mauta, Oct 5. The British cruisers
Bacchante and Lancaster sailed to-day
They are under sealed orders) The

United States scout cruiser Chester ar-
rived and will proceed to Derna

CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 5.--It is reported
that Derna and Bengazi in Africa are
being bombarded by the Italians and
that the troops at Rengazi are offering
a valiant resistance

Rome, Oct. 5.—It is officially announced
that Italian sailors landed at Tripoli
to-day and hoisted the Italian colors.
The bluejackets occupied the forts,
where they found many dead Turkish
gunners.

admiral Faravelli ordered a_ party
of marines and officers to go ashore and
repair the lighthouse, which is of timber
supported by columns of wood and iron
From the report of those who landed
it seems certain that the Turks after
the first day’s bombardment fled to the
interior.

Admiral Faravelli reporte that the bat-
teries at Tripoli were so badly damaged
by the two days bombardment that the
soldiors were obliged to retire back into
the town. Along the quays only dead
Turkish soldiers are to be seen.

It is said to-day that the delay in the

Tripoli was due to the fact that Admiral
Aubrey learned from Italian residents of

could determine there was no one driving | the place that the harbor had been ex- | re
He ran out to follow it and at Ninety-| tensively mined. This explains the firing ; Thlef Also Gets Away With Democratic Homing Jersey Folk See Pursuit and a
jat long range and also the continuation

of the homtardment atter the forts had
been silenced

proved fruitless, but Admiral Aubrey

is 15,000 tons. It is proposed to put on
board here every time she comes in 15,500
tons of prime coal. Coal is bunkered
here and at several other north Atlantic
ports in much qui ker time than at any
port in Europe. A recent coaling of one

of the big Cunarders at this port made the!

world's high record, beating the best time
recorded in England for as many tons
by nine hours

FALLS (00 FEET FROM BALLOON.
Capt.

John Brodte's Third Parachute
Failed to Open and FM.
Tirton, Ga., Oct Capt. John Brodie,
whodid the bigh diving act foran amuse-
ment company, fell 700 feet from a balloon
on the exposition grounds at 5:15 this
afternoon and was instantly killed.

5

‘unfortunate man fall to death. Brodie
jhad just finished a high diving act and
' Prof. Gowdy an aeronaut, was preparing
to ascend when Brodie volunteered to
take another balloon and race with him.
Both balloons ascerfded a few vards apart
ltor 1,000 feet, when the signal to cut loose
was fired. Brodie dropped in advance of
| his fellow
The drop was made in a quadruple
parachute. He cut loose the first two
safely. Whether the third became en-
tangled or lack of experience caused him
to burngle will never be known. The third
parachute failed to fill and Brodie came
700 feet to the ground, falling with a
crash that could be heard 400 yards
Although Prof. Gowdy witnessed Brodie’s
fate he cut loose his three parachutes
and descended in safety nearly a half
mile away
John Brodie was unmarried. He had
a mother and sister in Crystal Lake, Wis.
{

EQUAL PAY BILL PASSED.

Miss Strachan Wine Another Point in
Fight for Women Teachers’ Salaries.

ALBANY, Oct. 5.—Miss Grace Strachan

returned to New York city jubilant
to-night, having succeeded in getting
through the Assembly the bill which

passed the Senate yesterday making it
possible for the Board of Education at
once to put in operation an equal pay
schedule for the New York city school
teachers. Miss Strachan is the president
of the Interborough Association of Women
Teachers, and this is the sixth vear that
the women have been fighting for this
equal pay schedule

When the bill was received in the
Assembly from the Senate for concur-
rence early to-day Assemblyman Shlivek
(Rep., Manhattan) objected to its being
advanced and it was sent to the Mduca-
tion Committee. Senator Grady, work-
ing with Majority Leader Alfred FE. Smith,
succeeded in having the Assembly Rules
Committee report the bill out to-night
and after an hour's debate it was passed
bya vote of S8to4 Assembiymen Shlivek,
Murray and Brooks of Manhattan and
Miller of Otsego voting against it

Mr. Shlivek said that the salaries of
the men teachers would be reduced under
the plan. The bill now goes to Mayor
Gaynor for hisapprovaland Miss Strachan
says that is assured in advance. Miss
Strachan also has the assurance of Gov.
Dix that he will sign the bill when it
reaches him.

J. Q. A. WARD'S SISTER SUES,

 

Will Leaving Al to Sculptor's Second
Wire Disputed,

A suit brought by Miss Eleanor Ward
of Urbana, Ohio, to break the will of her
brother, J. Q. A. Ward. the sculptor,
went to trial yesterday before Supreme
Court Justice Platzek. Mr. Ward was 80
years old when he died on May 1, 1010,
and left property worth $159,000 to his
wife, whom he had married four years
before.

The plaintiff, like other relatives of the
sculptor, was not named in the will, and
she allewes that her brother was not of

wife. Augustus Van Wyck, counsel for
the plaintiff, said in opening the case:

who was not the wife of his childhood.
It was a marriage to secure all his prop-
erty.”

The sculptor's widow is 50 years old,
and had known Mr
years before she married him. Most of
this time he lived at her home. She was
a Mrs. Smith and has a grown son,

The plaintiff? testified yesterday that
after her brother's marriage it was inder-
atood between her and her sister Marv,
now dead, and their brother that he
would leave all his property to his sisters
and they would provide for his wife.
She said that he did make such a will in
1909 but that through the influence of his
wife he revoked it and left the property

The case was not concluded,
GEORGE FRED'S LID LIFTED,

'

| Leader's Coat and Umbretla,

' - :

; Boston, Oct Some low lived Demo-

0

Several thousand people watched the!

sound mind and was influenced by his |

“This will 1s not the will of Ward but |
the result of the domination of a woman |

Ward for twenty !

'San Francisco operator in the United
| Wireless station at Hillcrest and the
| Japanese operator in Joi station, on the
| Island of Hoknushu, the most northerly
| wireless station in Japan.

The San Francisco operator had re-
ceived instructions listen for calls
from Japan, as new equipment had re-
cently been installed in the local station.

At 2:15 the operator heard a faint call.
which he could at firat make out
He finally read it as a call sent to the
Chiyo Maru, which is due at Honolulu
to-morrow, by the Japanese station

The San Francisco operator at once
called the Japanese station and the Nip-
ponese operator responded and con-
gratulations were exchanged

After fifteen minutes talk the eound
ceased and it was impossible to get into
communication again

to

|

not

“Long distance wireless talks are #0
!common in Pacific waters,” a man in the
| local office of the United States Wireless
| Company said last night when told by
'THe Sun reporter that California had
‘talked to Japan for the first time, “that
we're getting used to it.”

The local men said that they knew
nothing of the message of yesterday
morning until they heard of it from THE
Stn reporter. They added that the
Pacific is especially favorable to long dis-
tance wireless communications because
of atmospheric conditions that prevail
there. Last year a Pacific coast operator
talked in wireless to a westbound Pacific
liner throughout most of her trip and
lost touch with the ship only just as she
was nearing the Japanese coast.

America and Europe have communi-
cated via wireless for some time, but
although the Atlantic is only about half
, 4s wide as the Pacific it is considered a
feat, even to-day, to talk from shore to
shore.

Back in the ancient history of wireless
telegraphy Prof. Green of the University
of Notre Dame sent the first wireless
message from a shore station to a moving
vessel when he had a wireless “talk”
from a Chicago skyscraper with an opera-
tor on a tug steaming along Lake Michi-
gan about a mile out from Michigan
Boulevard. Prof. Green's feat attracted
columns of attention, but in October,
1907, Marconi instituted his wireless com-
munication clear acrgs the Atlantic
as a “regular business proposition,” as
he put it. Beginning at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon of October 17, 1007, the opera-
tors at Clifton, Ireland, and Glace Bay,
| Nova Scotia, zipped messages back and
forth between the Old World and the New
all afternoon and evening. Marconi said
at the close of the day that more than
10,000 words had been sent and received
and that not one word had to be repeated

Marconi, the most persistent experi-
menter in wireless telegraphy, in 1807
was joyous when he sent a message three
miles through the air. In 1904 he was
sending and receiving signals through
the air more than 3,000 miles. In January,
1908, a message was sent from Hauen,

|

,

|

|

|
|

|

 

{

nnn EEEEEEEE SEEDS

a

 
 

RELESS RUNS SUBMARINE,

Succesafol Control by Hertzian Waves
From English Crateer.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
PortsmMovuTtH, England, Oct. 5.—Suc-
cessful experiments with the wireless
control of submarine boats have been
mi&de, but the details are kept secret. It
is known, however, that a submarine was
taken to shallow water off Selsey while
the Hertzian waves were worked by
the cruiser Furious.

Thesubmarine,which was on the surface
was manned, and was found to be entirely
under the control of the crusér. Then the
crew was taken out and the experiment
was equally successful when the boat

Similar experiments are being made
with torpdoes.

CHURCH FOR WOMEN ONLY.

Dr. Conwell Plans Place of Worship for
Female Students,

PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 6.-The Rev.
Dr. Russell H. Conwell, pastor of the
Baptist Temple, Broad and Berks streets,
proposes to inaugurate a church for
women only. Dr. Conwell, speaking of
the project, said:

“There are thousands of young women
in this city sent here to take courses in
Temple University or at some of the
business colleges. They have no church
connection or social centre and if the
proposed consolidation of congregations
is brought about it is my idea to in-
augurate a work among them.

“Services will be conducted and the
whole institution managed solely with the
idea of providing a place of worship for
these young women.”

Dr. Conwell said that men would not
be barred from the church, “but we prefer
to have girls and women only attend the
services.”

 

se se cs ES

“FOOLISH” SMUGGLERS SUED.

 

Government Wants #175.000 From Allen
and Collins.

Forfeiture suits against Nathan Allen,
the Kenosha leather manufacturer, and
John R. Collins of Memphis, both of
whom have pleaded guilty to smuggling
in jewels and other articles in June, 1909,
were filed yesterday afternoon in the
United States District Court. The ao-
tion against Allen is for $160,000 and
that against Collins for $25,000. These
sums represent the value of the goods
which the two men pleaded guilty to
smuggling in. They were fined for
“foolish” smuggling.

 

PRINCESS HASSAN SORRY.

 

Former American Actress Wants to Get
Rid of Egyptian Prince.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE StN.

Lowxpon, Oct. 5.--Princess Hassan, who
was the American actress Ola Humphrey,
is now in London consulting lawyers. Her
marriage to the wealthy Egyptian prince,
Ibrahim Hassan, a first cousin to the
Khedive, has not been happ?, and she has
left him.

Ola Humphrey, whose name in private
life was Pearl Ola Mordent, was married
to Prince Hassan in London on April 15
last. She says that though she married
for love she was never really happy afier
a short while. In Paris, she says, she
found that she was regarded as no more
than a servant and was practically a
prisoner for a month

“I have found the marriage a great mis-
take,” she added, “for ‘East is East and
West is West, and never the twain shall
meet '”

REAL GIRL, NOT SHAM.

One of the Opera Chorus Suspected of
Being a Male Defaulter.

Two Pinkerton men and a representa-

tive of the German Consul's office went

near Berlin, 2,200 miles to the steamer | down the bay to the North German Lloyd

Cap Blanco off the Canary Islands,
June,
was made when the wireless man at the
Government station at San Diego talked
with the battleship Connecticut 2,900
miles out on the Pacific

1909, the United Wireless

station at San
!
Korea 3,300 miles out on the Pacific. Five
days later the Korea sent a wireless while
steaming 4,720 miles from the Pacific
coast

The Marconi Wireless Telegraph Com-
pany got word from its London station
in October, 1910, that Mr. Marconi, then
in South America, had received a message
sent through 5,600 miles of air. e

5 YVEARS FOR PISTOL CARRYING.

| The Men Were Crooks Arrested for High.
way Robbery.

Judge Foster in General Sessions yeste:
day sentenced John Moran of 480 West
| Fifty-sixth street and James Smith of
622 West Thirty-ninth street to serve five
years in Sing Sing for violating the dan-
gerous weapon law. ‘They had pleaded
guilty.

“I live near Fifst avenue,” said Judge
Foster, “and i don't have to carry a re-
volver for protection. It is foolish to
carry a revolver and the man who does
so is bound to get into more trouble than
the man whom he assaults.”

Moran and Smith were arrested Sep-
tember 22 after they had held up William
Durham of 493 West Thirty-seventh
street and taken 15 cents from him. The
revolvers were found in their pockets.
An indictment for robbery is pending
against them. .

 

 

THIEF CHASE IN TUBE.

|

\ Capture in Hudson Tunnel.
| Thecrowd of Jersey dwellers onthe way

The search for mines} crat, or perhaps a miserable Republican, home last night from the Twenty-third |

 

In November, | graph of the defaulter and they decided

Francisco received a message from the| was the person they were looking for

 

made a getaway from the Quincy House | street station of the Hudson tubes were |

umbrella

| enlivened by the chase of Policeman Ed-

that his ships were in no danger from. this }and glossy silk tile belonging to the Hon. | ward Cody after a man who rushed

souree,
The Turks have not yet offered to sur-
render the town

Premier Giolicti, many Ministers, Depu- | Williains's committee room at the hotel, | right and left,
ties and Senators have goneto Turin,where where he and a number of party leaders eye on him and caught

departed from the railway statfon.
CAGLIARI, Sardinia, Oct. 5.

George Fred Williams, who is busier than
a bee in Democratic circles once more,
All three disappeared together from Mr.

West 100th etreet | they will attend a banauet on Saturday. ; were holding « “night before” last night,
The boy was later arraigned, They were cheered by crowds as they |

In the press of affairs due to the assem-
bling of planks and excluding of suffra-

through the crowds about the ticket chop-

'Trained Monkey's Arm Nearly Sever

;per's gate and dashed down to one end |

jof the station platform, shoving people
The policeman kept his
him

| “The man had knocked

down Thomes

| here
—winnin

| Nolan, a foreman, in Twenty-fifth street |

|hetween Sixth and Seventh avenues
and started to pull out his pockets

20,000 persons, led by a priest bearing a a few moments, and when he returned , Twenty-fifth street and Seventh avenue

Turkish flag captured at Lepanto, gath-, and scanned the chair where his raiment 40d

ered to cheer 400 infantry that departed
hence to-day.
soldiers,

Rome, Oct, 5. There were enthusiastic

scenes to-day as troops departed from) member of the Home Market Club and had | Be
Genoa and other cities for Spezzia, from | purchased the lid only the other day in

Continued on Second Page,

 

The Bishop blessed the |

had been nothing remained.

Mr. Williams's coat, according to de-
| scription, was silk lined, and the hat was
| “silk” too, Mr. Willams waa never a

New York. The umbrella had George
Fred's initials in free silver on thé handle.

him. The man first ran toward the po-
liceman until he saw him coming. Then
| his leaps were turned in the opposite di-
rection. He ran to Sixth
{dived down into the tubes station He
id he was Leo Cockran of 954 Ninth
avenue, a driver, when locked up for as-
:sault and robbery. Nolan lost 75 cents
and a pawn ticket

black swollen left eye.

Po- i
A crowd of | gettes Mr. Williams was called away for licaman Cody saw him from the corner of

started on arun up the street toward |

avenue and)

He received a big’

Inj liner Barbarossa yesterday to look for
1908, a record talk with @ vessel,a German defaulter who had been de-

scribed as “probably dressed as a woman”
and with hair of more than the usual
male length. The sleuths had a photo-

that a young woman in the second cabin

They followed her around a while and
finally made known their suspicion to
the chief stewardess. They learned very
soon that the young woman was just
what she appeared to be, Friiulein Genta
Fritsch of a bevy that will sing in the
chorus at the Metropolitan Opera House.
The Pinkertons said her resemblance
to the photograph was certainly remark-
able. The young woman regarded the
matter as a good joke on the detectives,
She has been here before.

WANTS FARM FOR FORESTRY.

 

Thancelior Day Asks Land for Syracuse
University's New School,

Syracuse, N. Y., Oct. 5.—Chancellor
James R. Day would like a farm of fifty
acres for the new college of forestry
of Syracuse University, the board of
trustees of which held its first meeting
here to-day. ‘Ten acres of woodland are
imperative, the chancellor says. Plans
for the new college were presented at
to-day's meeting by Chancellor Day and
Prof. William lL. Bray, who discussed
the standard, scope and work of the in-
stitution. Provision was made by the
trustees for the work to be begun at once,
with the necessary equipments, illus-
trative museum material, books and
instruction.

Chancellor Day said he has had two
offers from men whose names he prefers
to conceal at present of large tracts of
land in the Adirondacks. One offer
comprises a large tract of land in the
Cranberry Lake region.

(ee SESE EEE EEE ee ee Ee eee

 

CONSUL TORN BY BULLDOG,

ed
While Doing Act on Stage.

Granp Raptips, Mich., Oct. 5. While
Consul, the trained monkey, was doing
his bieyele act at the Temple Theatre
this afternoon Prince, the prize

bulldog of the playhouse spied |
him ant before the dog could be stopped
he had nearly torn the simian’s arm off, |
The animal is in a hospital.

James J. Hill Drives Final Golden Spike,

BEND, Ore., Oct. 5. James J, Hill drove ,
a golden spike to-day to make the formal! |
completion of the Oregon Trunk Line
Railroad to this city. That Bend would
not be the final terminal of the line, how-
ever, was intimated by the road builder
In time, he said, it jpronably would be
made to join the Pacific and Eastern, the
western terminal of which is Medford,
Ore,

Farpay, OcTosen 6, 1011.
/ Pair to-day; cloudy, followed by rain, to-
mofrow; moderate cast winds.

. in the suit case,

  
      

PRICE TWO CENTS.

TWO WOMEN HELD AS THIEVES

 

VISITORS FROM PHILADELPHIA
ARRESTED LEAVING SHOP.

 

Had a Varied Collection of New Things
From More Than One Shop—Harry
Call for Lawyers-—Diamond Rings
Offered to Police as Ball, but Refused,

Two young women of prosperous ap-
pearance who earlier in the day had
shipped to Philadelphia a suit case con-
taining goods obtained at four depart-
ment stores were arrested yesterday
afternoon after Detective Larkin at.
Altman's had watched them pack away
in a bag and carry out of the etore goods:
valued at $36. ‘

At the Tenderloin police station, whera
the young women were locked up on a
charge of grand larceny, they said that
they were Mrs. Helen Green, the wif¢
of an oil man*m business at 110 Front
street, Philadelphia, and living on Spruce
street, and Miss Anna Merrill Jacquel
of 29 Kast Haines street, Germantown,
Pa.

The store detective says he saw the
two enter the store and noticing that they
seemed to be unfamiliar with the place
kept an eye on them, thinking that }:
might he of assistance. He says he a:
Mrs. Green after picking over some si! .
remnants take a travelling bag from
her companion and slip intoit silk valued
at $15. Then the pair went on to the
leather counter, where Mrs. Green picked
up two leather shopping bags and passed
them over to Miss Jacquel, who now car-
ried the travelling bag and who put the
shopping bags in with the silk.

Larkin didn’t interfere. for it is neces-
sary in order to make out a case of shop-
lifting to show that the stolen articles
were actually taken out of the store. But
the two women after looking about a
while went out. Larkin followed them
to the street and told them that they'd
better come back to the office and exe
plain.

The women after expressing indigna-
tion decided that they'd go back. The
travelling bag was unloaded in the office,
and in addition to the things which the
detective had seen them take there were
found four silk waists and a fine lace table
cover, which had not come from Altman's
The women failed to explain satisfactorily
and Detectives Hyams and Hughes, Cen-
tral Office men attached to the Tenderloin
precinct, were called in to make the
arrest.

When they reached the station house
Mrs. Green removed her gloves, and
taking two large diamond rings from her
hands laid the rings on the desk in front
of Lieut. Morris and asked the store
detective and the police lieutenant to
let her and her companion go, since the
rings would cover the value of the things
taken from the store. They were told
that it was too late to make payment.
When Mrs. Mulhane, the matron, came
to escort them to cells both women broke
down. Mrs. Green, a slim brunette, who
said she was 22 years old, grew so hys-
terical that Miss Jacquel, who is a year
younger but who kept better command
of her nerves, had to assist her to a cell,

Before she was locked up Mrs. Green
said that she would die before she would
let any of her friends know what had
happened, but after a few minutes in the
cell she called for a telegraph blank and
wrote a despatch to Byron Wrigley, who,
she said, is a Philadelphia magistrate.
She addressed it to the corner of Lehigh
and Germantown avenues but said that
she wasn't quite certain of the address.
Then Miss Jacquel asked the police
lieutenant to telephone to the office of
Milton Speiser, a lawyer at 170 Broad-
way, and tell Mr. Speiser that Helen
Drew was locked up and please come at
once. If he didn't remember Helen
Drew he was to be told that Jacques was
locked up. She didn't explain the change
in the names.

A little later the women sent a tele-
phone message to Mark Alter, another
lawyer, and presently but at different
times, the two lawvers came to the sta-
tion house. They wouldn't talk about
their clients as they hurried away to
arrange for the taking of bail before a
Magistrate.

Meanwhile the Pennsylvania Railroad
in response to a message from the police
had been tracing a suit case which, from
areceipt found in the prisoners’ possession,
the detectives learned, had been sent to
Philadelphia early in the day. The rail-
road people caught the suit case at Phila-
delphia and shipped it back again.

It wag a big suit case and ite sides bulged,
When questioned about it the women had
said that it contained soiled clothes which
they had shipped home. But when the
detectives opened it they found in ad-
dition to two soiled suits the following
articles; Two new women's suits and
a waist from Wanamaker's, worth in all
about $140; a raincoat, several pairs of
fine gloves, silk pajamas and a collection
of ribbons from Saks's, a fine silk ekirt
from Gimbel Bros.’ and corsets and a
pair of fancy buckles set with brilliants
from Siegel-Cooper's. There were also
two new towels marked Hotel Knicker-
bocker.

The police said that they understood
that the young women had sent another
package to Philadelphia and that they
were trying to add that to their collection.

To the store detective the prisoners
said that they had come here on Monday
and had been visiting friends on West
Twenty-second etreet. Miss Jacquel con-
fided to the detective that although she
had never worked before she had recently
been employed by “the Aubrey sisters”
in demonstrating; just what she “demon-
strated” she didn't say. She explained
that she had had to go to work because
her mother had had a serious and expen-
sive illness and her brother had recently
lost one of his legs.

The police pondered a while over the
two old suite found among the new things
Then they noticed that
both prisoners were wearing new clothes
and they thought that explained it.

Following up the clew given by the
towels with the Hotel Knickerbocker
mark, the police found that Mra, Helen
Green had been living there since Oc-
tober 2, when she registered as H. Rue,
Philadelphia. They learned that Mies
Jacque! had not come with her to the
hotel, but had been a frequent visitor