“VOL. LAVIIL—NO, 93 NEW_YORK

THE MANCHESTERS ARRIVE.

 

DURE AND DUCHESS WARMLY QRELTFD
BY THE LATTER'S FATHER.

Two ef Capt. McCluskey’s Detectives Met the
Bridal Party at the Steamship Pier and Fol-
tewed Them te the Hotel —Mr. Zimmer-
man Fipiains, and So Does the Duke.

The Duke of Manchester and his bride, who
wes Miss Helena Zimmerman of Cincionat,
were passengers on the American liner St
Louia, which reached her plier last evening at
7 o'clock. The young man and his wife were
apparently quite happy
man, the Duchess’s wealthy father, went down
on the revenue cutter with his broter to wel-
come his daughter and his son-in-law. He,
too, was evidently happy. ‘The only
of the arrival that was unhappy was the sone-
what mysterious presence of two Central Office
detectives. After a good deal of speculation
and excitement on the port of persons Lot ime

mediately concerned in the matter It Was ex- |

plained that the detectives were present as A
personal bodyguard for the Duke and Dnehess
in case the popular curiosity to see them should
prov) embarrassing of Hilipweus

The Duke and Duchess were accompanied
by the Duchess’s two aunts, Mies Helena and
Miss Martia kvans, who, with two Irends o.
the Duke, were the only persons present at the
wedding on Nov li ‘hen there were two
servants, a man and a woman,
twenty-seven pieces of baggage, by which
tokens it was to be seen that ee tain imagina-
tive tales as to the s varsity of the ducal ward-
robe were apparentiy untroue

t
ar

   

‘The greetings between the Dochess and her |

father were most affectionate, and the young
man was also taken to the parental bosom
with great cordiality Ihere were numerous
persons on the cutter who wanted to W elcome
the Duke, anu the Duchess’s uncle arranged
an interview for them

“We have hau
Duke said; “it hasn't been
every day. But we have been
deck every day and have always been able
to go to our mea's.’

Asked aa to his plans while ia this country |

the Duke said that he hadn't any. ‘They were
in the hands of Mr. Zimmerman, he explained
Mr. Zimmerman then informed his Grace that
the present plans wore that the party should
leave this city on Tuesday for Cincinnati on a
epecial car of the Cincinnati, Hamuton and
Dayton Railroad, AtLima, Obio they will leave
the reguiar train of the Lrie Ru road to which
their car is attached and wil go into Cineinnau
asa special train

After a reception in Cincinnati the week after
pext the Duke and the Duchess are to ko on a
rather comprehensive tour of theSouth, They
will visit Florida and FE] Paso, Tex , and at some
time in their journeyings will visit tie Duke's
grandmother, Mrs. Yznaga at Natches. tf:
FE) Paso they will go to the Pacific ( oust, return

 

ing by way of Sait Lake City and the Yelow- |
They will return to New York in!

stone Park
about a month and there Mr. Zunmernan will
cease to supervise their movements
The interview had been somewhat inter-
rupted by Mr. Valiely and Mr Siripp, the de-
tectives, who stood solemnly in Ue back-
ground fora time. Then Mr Stripp werked
his way to the side cf the Duchess and whispered
in her ear. She fosowed him from the room
Mr. Valloely also retired. There were numerous
cunsultauons in wiispers and there was a
rolons)d_conversation im toe srateroo be-
ween the Duxe, tha Ducnes: and (ie detectives
ag Mr. dimmerman and the Duchess’s maid
mebody go: the idea that
might be there on some errand having to ay
with the fuss made in England since the Duke's
d ure by Mra Fanny Ward Lewis, c+
wife of the London money lender, a lady witn
something of an international reputation
Mrs, Lewis stated publiciy in London a day

or two ago that she Was going to have the Scot. |

land Yurd people ask the New York pu lice to
meet the Dukes party on its arrival te e and
ask some questions of the Duchess 4 maidaborut
a puree full of diamonds belonging to Mrs
Lewis, which the maid had tound and which
had been returned to Mra. Lewis, Mrs. Lewis
said that she made no charges of the!t against
any one, but f! e wanted to know more about
the way in wh oh the jewels were found. Some
persons have suggested that what Mra. Lewis
wanted more than anything else was a little
ecoromi ‘al pecerery The Duke was asked
about the matter, He langhed:

“All [ know about that,” he said
The maid pickea We a pocket
at Mre, Potter's Mra, James Brown Potter's:
She supposed that it belonged to the Duchess
and it was not until we bad gone to Ireland
that she discovered the diamonds and Mrs,
Lewis's card in the purse, My attention was
then called to the thing, and [ at once wired
to Mra. Lewis, saving ‘hat the pa kage wold
be sent to her at one@ and that | understood a
reward had been offered for her Jewels, so I
took the liberty of sugwesting that the maid be
remembered. I understand that there bas
been quite a fuss over [he matter since then,
butI really know nothing about it.”

The fuas to whites tue Doke referred was
ocevioned by Ma,
thar he had sent the Duchess's maid £3
the £200 che had promised to the firde

‘ia this,

and

had -ent Mra. Potter £100 for reasons she did |
not choose to exrliin, and that she woented |

to know farrore thin «he had heen able to
learn about the wav tu which her jewels were
lost and found again

As soon as the St. Louis was docked Mr
Zimmerman and the |
to the lower floor of the pier and entered a
carriage = They were joined a few minutes
later by the Dube Mr Zimrrerm in’ brother
ataved behind with the Misses Evo ns to see
that the man and the maid got the bacgave
off anfels. Mr. Valiele and Mr Strip still
mvetericusly silent went eway offer the Duke
and the Duchess nasecondc rring>.

Mr. Zimmerman’s contemplation of the
noble array of baewage was frequently inier-
rupted by reporters who wanted to have those
detectives explained. Mr. Zimmerman did
his best to shoo the subject away but it would
come back. With an air of resignation he
then said that he and he alore was res: oretbhle
for the presence of the detectives. It had

urred to him that if the shim arrived in

the davtime there might be some curious

persons prenen’ who would not be polite and
@'

who might even try to collect souvenirs from
the neraons of the bridal couple. So he asked
for detect'v: 8.

r Stripo and Mr. Va'lely made euch ex-
cellent tine in their carriage that they got to
the Holland House before the rest of the party
and «tiod etatuesquely in the front had when
Mr. Zimmerman and his ¢iirgces arrived Mr
Zimmerman took them to a table in the enté
and invitei them & eat The Duke was still
wearing his brown qt cad. He founda nume-
ver of people whom he knew in the hotel lot by

here were a number of other persons there
who looked as {f they would like to know him
a great deal. They had been waiting for some
time for his arrival A great sensation was
caused among them when the Duke produceu
& n*ker hief whieh he applied to his nose
and then tu ked in-ide the cuff of his. coat

A numer of ten retired to the bar and bewan |

ra titing with their handkerchie’s at once

Sobody took the mains to tell them that Eng- |

lishine) cet. into the habit of bestowing their
handkerchiefs that way, becan-e there are no
pockets in Britieh offeera’ uniforns

The Duke arnroached a narty of rev orters |

in the hotel lobby and said that he understood
there was something of a mystery about “two
deteotive fellows.” fle was nasured that there
was, He then said that the show rou ole
was that the chief of pclice onof detectives or
aomehody had re eived a letter warning him
that the Duke and Duchess were to be “rotten-
egeed” on thelr arrival The detectives had
been sent to rrevent th t attack, "is Grace
then wert up stairate dress The storv he

the Duke had told was repeated to Mr. Zimmer-

man
“Oh
Capt

ndeve, he sald “nothing of the sort
McClusky is an aequaintanee ef mine
When he heard that mv daughter was coming
over he asked If we would Ike to have a man
or two go down to the ship to look out for them
Tt was a kind and considerate offer and I ac-
copted it
should talk so”

Mr. Zimmerman went vr staira and the Duke
came down in his evening clothes He was
aprarently annoyed lie said that he
nformed that all there we to be amid about
those detectives” was that tev were sent by
Mr Zimmerman’s friend, Mr Mc( lusky, as a
friendly favor but that, nevertheles

tick to it ;
A reporter asked Mr. Zimmerman whether

 

A New Train to Chiengo

‘ia New York Central
OPM, arrives Che go 4:9 P.

Sieentne. parlor and dining cars - Ade

M. neat day.

 

Rugene Zin mer- |

feature |

and there were |

4 most pleasant trip,” the.
atogether caim |
tue to be on!

hook in the garden |

Lewis's annovn @ment |
3

yichese hurried down |

T cannot understand why the Duke |
was |

the ,

rotten eve story was true and he was going to |

|
leaves Gran. Central Station

hia pocket a warrant for the arrest of the Duke
he bad debt

| “That's abeinl” sald Mr. Zimmerman
surd, tia bad delta over hea”

At a littia bef 41 o clock thle morning Mr

Zimmernnan apr oered at the Tenderloin station
and with the aly fone who had suffered lona
and would aifer no lonwer, addressed the
fergeant. tie said moat emphatioally that he
wanted Cart McClusky to come to the Holland
llouse at once and #ive out a truthful atute.
tment about the presence of Mr. Vailely and
Mi Strippontoearrivalofthe st. Louis

/ Through the  aptain’s kindness,” sald Mr
Zimmerman, “those two men were sent to
see that the Duke and his party were not an-
noved in-anv way The favor has really be
come a borden, The mystery has been ao
deep acd has become eo oppreseive about the
holaltaat weean'tslaep, [timeust be dispelled,
We don't want auy detectives any more.”

| he had heard that one of the detectives had in

“ab-

Mr. Zimimern an. wae told that Capt. Mee
Clusky had alrandy e@iven out a statement
that the men had gene to the @hin “because

there was danger that the law might be yio-
lated Somehow this did not seem to relieve
his feelings

PREACHER GETS A $290.000 VERDICT.

 

Sued a North Carolina College President and
Duke, the Tebacco Man, for Libel.

Raieron, N. C., Dee, 1.—-A noted lewal con-

test in this State came to a close to-day, when

{
{

the

the Jury awarded to the Rev, T. J. Gattis, a |
Methodist minister, $20,000 as damages in hia
libel suit against the Rev, Dr, John C. Kilgo,
President of Trinity College; B. ON, Duke,
the millionaire tobaeco manufacturer of the

American Tobacco Company, and W. R. Odell,
a wealthy cotton manufacturer, The last
two are trustees of Trinity College, which is
the Methodist institution for young men In
North Carclina, It is the wealthiest endowed
ingtitution in the South Atlantic States, having
received benefactions to the amount of $600,-
; OW from the Dukes,

Mr Gattis sued for $100,000 damages The
suit was based on a speech made by President
Ki'g>, in which he «aid Mr. Gattis was a back-
slider, @ hypocrite and that he retailed gossip

ver the counter, Messra Duke and Odell
were made parties to the suit by reason of the
fact that as trustees of the collewe they voted
to have published Dr Kilgo's speech The
sult involved the leeders of the Methodist
Chureh in Nortu Carolina. It aroea out of a
| controversy between Dr Kilgo and Justice
| Walter Clark of the North Carolina Supreme
Court
| Judge Clark, who was a trustee of Trinity,

charged that Dr. Kilgo had the reputation in

Nerth Carolina of being a wirepuller and man-

ipulator of the ward politician type. He

demanded his removal and when the charges
were tieard before the trustees Mr. Gattis
gave testimony against Dr. Kilgo. In reply-
ing to them, Dr. Kilgo denounced Mr. Gattis, and
tle trustees, after exonerating Dr. Kilgo of
, the charges, decided to publish all the pro-
| ceedings, which included the President's speech.

Almost the entire Church was arrayed against
Mr. Gattis at the meeting of the Conference,
Dr. Kilgo was made the hero of the occaaton,
Rishop Duncan of South Carolina was a wit: @s
in the case at the recent tral, and affidavita
were read from ex-iov. Ellerbee and United
States Senator McLaurin of South Carolina, who
testifled to Dr. Kil@o's high character
' ‘The trial was in progress ten davs and twelve

of the ablest lawvers in the State addressed

the jury. Governor-elect Aycock apneared
for the

The verdict was a surprise. At Oxford, where

the case was tried, there is great prejudice

against the American Tobacco Company.
The case is appealed to the Supreme Court,
of which Judge Clark, one of thé central Mgtires

i) the trial isa member. Judge Clark will not

sit on the case when it reaches that court

 

Loe dete tives |

| 48 LIVES LOST ON FRENCH STEAMER.

 

The St. Marc, Ronning Between Naples and

| Marsetlies, Reported Wrecked.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Losxpon, Dec. 1 —A desnatch to the Central
News fro) Naples says it is reported that the
French steamer Saint Mare, which has been
trading Letween Naples and Marseilles, has
been wrecked and that forty-five persons
have been drowned

DADY GETS

CoOL. 83555,849.
Appraisers Present Unanimoas Report on Eis
Claim Against City of Havana.

Col. Michael J. Dady received a telegram
from Havana yesterday morning informing
him that the appraisers appointed to deter-
mine the amount of his claim against the city
of Havana had presented a unanimous report

awarding hind $555,849.
In speaking of his contract Col. Dady said:

| ‘I never asked for anything more of the
| United States Government than that the law
| should take its course. Under big risks, when
; war between this country and Spain and the
rettiement of the Cuban rebellion were not
dreamed of, I took the chance and made the
contract. Then the United States stepped in
(und the Uiliculties that ensued need not be
| referred to

“The contract was awarded to me tanteo,
as the Spanish call it. That is, if it went to
pubhe bidding my rights could not be wiped
out, Whetrer [ got the contract or not. Ap-
valsers bad to be appointed. This is a very
Saat law to protect a inan who spends his tine
and money in demonstrating what can be
| done, how it can be, and for how much
| ‘Toe contractor appoints one appraiser, the
' Council another and a third is appointed agree
able to the other two, if no agreement can
be reached Secretary Villalon was tne third
) man. He ts Secretary of Public Works.
| have decided the award on 4 percentage basis
apparenuy. I do not know whether 1 will
take the award or wo In to get the contract,
bot rather favor the latter course. At any
rate, | get the award, which the successful
' bidder has to pay me."

|
| NEENAB’'S HIGH

|
|
!
|
|
|

 

 

SCHOOL STRIKE.

It Ends With a Complete Victory of the Pupils
' Over the Board of Education.

Nernan, Wis, Dec. 1.—The now famous
High School strike is ended and the pupils,
numbering 156 boys and girls, have gained a
complete victory over the Board of Education
and the City School Superintendent. The
discharged principal, O J Schuster, for whom
the pupils struck, has practically been rein-
stated and will open the school on Monday,
when the pupils willreturn to work. Last night
A mass meeting of the parents of the children
was held and the action of the pupils was in-
| dorse iby their parents

The me ting demanded that Mr. Schuster
resume his position on Monday,
of the Superintendent, and the principal
avreed to do so. The Superintendent was
assed for an explanation and was told
to resin, but he has not ret done ao, The
resignation of the members of the Board of
Fduecation was called for, and this afternoon
the Commissioners stepped out cf office. A
mass mee'ing will be held next week to elect
a new board, and it is expected that the city
Superintendent will have resianed by that
une.

 

PORTO RICO'S COM VWISSIONER,

 

| Mr. Frederick De Gatan Arrives on Ais Way
to Washington

{ Mr, Frederick De Gatan,the frat Commissioner
from Porto Rico elected br the Republican
party, on his way to Washington, Was a paasen-

geron the steamet p San Juan, which arriged

t Quarantine las! nigat. He will go to tue Im-

' perial Hotel

 

The “Pittsbera Limtied."’
via Baltimore ard @5t6 Ratlrond,
Only $0.0 first clase aod $4.5) aeeond clase, New
' Yorke to Pittaburg via thts tain Leave New York,
Seuth Fer: 6::5 P.M.,and L deriv st eet 7:00PM |

an ve Pitt bug 4:55 A.M Puilman Buffet Drawing

| Hoom oleeping (ars ~Aer.

 

 

1 Preach th: Sermon of Strengia
| from the teat, “Evans’ Ale."—Ade.

: SUNDAY. DECEMBER 2, 1900. — COPYRIGHT, 1900. BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION. —TIIRTY-EWO PAGLS,

CONGER ACTS ON OUR PLAN,

CONFERENCK AT PREKIN WITH THE
BRITISH AND GERMAN MINISTERS.

Hopes to Get Rastian Representative to Join tn
More Moderate Demands on China --Tow-
ers Coming Around to Our View of the
Siteation—More Outrages§ by German
Troops Looting Houses of Rich Chinese
Empress Now Willing to Behead Ya Esten

Special Cadle Despatenh to THR SUN.
From a Staff Correspor dent.

Pein, Deo. 1.—Wu Ting-fang, the Chinese
Minister to the United States, cabled to lA
Hung Chang on Nov 28 that he was working at
Washington to induce the American Govern-
ment to use its good offices with the l’owers to
moderate the demands of the Ministers for the
punishment of Chinese officials and that so far
he had been successful. Mr, Wu said that the
American authorities had promised that instruc-
tions would be sent to Minister Conger request
ing moderation,

Mr. Conger, the American Minister, Sir
Ernest Satow, the British representative, and
new German envoy, Dro Murnm von
Sohwartzenetein, held a conference and it i

| understood that they agreed on certain points

at Tientsin,

The hope is expressed here that they will re-
main united and induce M. de Giers, the Rus-
sian Minister, to join them

Mr. J. W. Ragsdale, the American Consul
reports that the Russians have
removed the machine guns, the carriages,
munitions of war, iron, copper and even the
woodwork from the arsenala at Tientsin. They
have also taken all the miachinery, ergines
and tron in the railroad shops, to the vaiue of
many millfons of dojlars

Intelligent Chinese report that the Boxers
are drilling in many villages near Tientain
It ts said that there ere larwe bands of them
and that they are fully organized. This Chi-
nese report goes on to say “We give these

reports for what they are worth and not from

an alarmist etandpeint
there is nore trouble in store for us.”

Advices from Chinese sources are to the
effect that the Germans who visited Sanho,

' Hsiangho and Pangchun returned after loot-

defence, conchiding the argument. ,

ing every department in every village ther
visited. ‘hey went to every large trading
village and demanded money from the wealth
residents When this was not forthcoming
they looted the houses At Sanho they de-
manded blackmail from the Magistrate. ‘They
looted the houses of the wealthy citizens and
killed many persons. At Chingping they de-
manded several thousand taels from the Mag-
istrate. When he failed to produce the money
they burned (he yamen

Hau Fu, Preetdent of the Board of Civil
Punishments in Pekin, returned here the other
day to live in his own house, which is situated
in the district controlled by the Germans
Hsu Fu is a well-known pro-foreigner. The
day after he moved into bis own house the
Germans took his furniture away by truck
loads. Heu Fu went to the district controlled
by the Americans for protection

Col. Yorck, the commander of the German
expedition to Kalgan, died four hours after

Personally we believe

 

much susploion In oMetal eirelat in other coun-
tries a sneptcion which the Russian authorities
have been making obvious eforte to allay.
There have been many sinister rumor® afloat
which (t (e ueslese to quote because they are
absolutely lacking tn authority

Meantime, taking the Chinese situation as
{t is presented, English critics are inelined to
agree that China will win the game Noth-

' Ing which has ocenrrad will convince the Chi-

| whenever they

the messenger who came here for a surgeon |

returned to camp. Ali the German flags in
Pekin are at half-mast in respect to his memory.

Advices from official Chinese sources at
Singan-fu continue to be favorable. It seems
that the Empress Dowager is becoming more
and more impressed with the seriousness of
the situation.

The correspondent of TAk Sun learns from
Chinese oficial sources that Li Hung Chang
and Prince Ching received assurances from the
Empress Dowager on Nov. 20 that she was
willing to order the beleading of Yu Hsien, the
notorious anti-foreign Governor of Shenai,
who was condemned in a recent edict to work
on the roads at the extreme boundary of the
Empire and whose punishinent was not severe
enough in the opinion of the Ministers. She
has also completed arrangements for sending
Gen. Tung Fu Haiang to the province of Zanan

The Chinese Rescuing and Relieving So-
ciety are making arrangements to send dis-
tressed peorle home from Pekin. Four hun-
dred of these people started for Shanghai to-
dav. They left here in 250 carts. Gen. Chaf-
fee furnished a guerd to take care of them
as far as Tientein. Chinese merchants fur-
nished the steamer Lushufang to take them
to Shanghbe! and a silk merchant of the latter
town contributed 106,000 taeia to buy rice,
which ls to be distributed among the distressed.
The Japanese will sell 100,000 piculs of grain,

! which they captured last August for the bene

They |

in apite |

|

fit of the suflerers.

the Americans here celebrated Thanka-
giving in the home way. ‘There were services
at the lecation where the Rev. Pr. Wherry, a
Presbyterian missionary, preached a sermon
fn which he thanked God for the reief of the
people who were besieged in Pekin. His story
of the siege was a remarkable feature of the

sermon.

 

POWERS NOW TAKING OUR VIEW.

More Moderate Demands on China—Germany
May Be an Frception.
Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN

Lonpox, Dec. 1—Slowly but unmistakably
the attitude of the European Governments
and peoples toward China is shaping itself
upon the lines of the Amertean policy. Ger-
many, perliaps, is the exception, and the Kaiser
will probab.y continue to insist upon special
compensation of the most substantial nature

The murder of Baron von Ketteler affords
suMcient excuse for this demand, and there
can be no doubt that the Kaiser ati] hopes Wet
this will furnish an opportunity for him to
realize the long cherished ambition of acquiring
en India in China, Emperor Willlam may
declare, as the Spectator anticipates, that he
has a right to justica, that the means adopted
hy the concert of Europe for securing Justice
have failed, and that as Justice must be secured
he will hold Shantung P ovince as @ guurantee
that his demands will some time be complied
with, The Kaiser would break no pledge by
much action, for it was agreed that It was only
necessary to consult England if the contingency
oceurred and to reject her advice

It is extremely improbable that any Power
would go to war with Germany for taking the
province. The Chinese tmbroglio is wearying
the Governments as well as the public in Europe.
England especially shows complete apathy
The poisoned beer sensation arouses a thou-
sandfold greater interest On the other hand,
lord Salisbury thus far has shown himaelf
only less implacable than the Kaiser, but he
dislikes differing from America and is unwilling
to contribute to a realization of Germany's
ambition. In fact, the so-called concert of
the Powers is rapidly disintegrating, and the
de’nands as finally pressed home will probabiy
be such as China can grant with alacrity

lt is everywhere taken for granted that
Ruseia will get Manchuria. Indeed, she prac
tically possesses that territory already. The
question is, whether Mongolia alao will not go
to her as the eventual proceeds of the situation.
A great deal of significance ts attached to the
renewed vigor of Russia's Asiatic policy in
connection with the Czar's Ulness. All reports
from the #ick bed have been regarded with

 

 

 

 

Callfornia end Mexico
Sunse’ Limited's connection aves New York Tues
days Thursdays and Saturcays, 425 P. M.ela PR
R, Sowhern A & W P.. Wo ot A and lL. @N
“pecial drawing room and stateroom sleeping car to
New Orleaces, connecting though to Pacific Coast,
Dining carservice. New York offices, 271 and 1185
Broadway.— Ade.

 

O'4 ant Fine.

The aristocratic Antedijuvian Rye, — Ade, ,
'

nee people that their Linpress has been de-
fented The pectutor remarks: “FEren the
marndarine, though better informed, will be-
lieve that their original opinion is accurate,
that China ts too large and
be ce juered. They will go back to their old
methods in calm contempt for the West, and
move again they will make
better preparations "

Wisainoton, Deo, 1.—Information received
atthe Departinent of State this morning from
Europe leads the ofMflcers here to believe that
there will be no failure of negoliaudons by the
Powersiora settlement withChina. Ambasea-
dor White, at Berlin, was among those sending
confidential reports to the Department of
state, His despatch indicates that Germany
will not press her derma:ds for too severe
measures, and will probably agree to a modi.
feation of her demands to meet the approval
of the other Powers. One feature to which
Germany stood committed was that the de-

ands should be fal, ardir the nature of an
hithnatum ihe Lunited States Ciovernment
was opposed to this, because in the event of

hina’s refusal to comply, on the grounds
that the demands were excessive, the Powers
wo Id be co jraitted to an enforcement of the
demands, This Government, therefore, sought
to have the ultimatum provision excluded or
mo lifted, and several days ago received en-
eco raging assurances from Great Hritaln,
Russia and France,

The information from Ambassador White
has encouraged the Denartnient of State to he-
lieve that Germany will alan agree to the pro-
posed change. Paron Fava. the Italian Am-
baseacor, called at the Department of State this
morning and gave asenrances that Italy would
al-o give favorable consideration to the elimi-
nation of the ultimatum clause.

KRUGER IN COLOGNE.

 

Welcomed by Large Crowds at Fvery Stop
~Anti-British Demonstration at Liege.
Special Cable Despatches to TUB SUN

CoLoune, Deo t—Mr. Kroger arrived here
et midnight and timmediately went to a hotel.
‘There was no official reception. He waa greeted
by enthusiastic crowds at Erquoiinnes, Char-
lero! ard Namur. Mr. Kruger received depu-
tations at each town, During the few minutes
that the train stopped at each place the piat-
forms were thronged with crowds who cheered
continuously “Long live Kroger!” and “Long
ive the Transvaal!” At Frqueliunes the crowd
broke through the police lines and delayed the
departire of the train. Ail along the line
there were liuminations, fire bauoons and
rockets

The only anti-British incident reported was

| WARSTIP

too populous to |

at Liege, where @ crowd gathered in front of |

the british consulate, The English Consul
appeared on the balcony whereupon there were
enes of “Down with the British!" A scuffle
followed between tho police and the mob and
several arrests were made. It is alleged that

the British Consul threw coppers to the crowd, |

whieh was regarded aa an insult. Despatches
from Berlinsay that Emperor William will not
receive Mr, Kruger.

Mr Kruger was weeping as the train pulled
out of Liege He was completely overcome
by his reception,

In reply to an addresa at Joumont Mr. Kriger
said: “I bid farewell to the dear, hospitable
country which has added a nevereto-be-furgot-
tan week to my life. It seems as thoug! I am
leaving a big, good sister to the South African

republics,

| quire it,

‘toa

 

Lie went on to say that he was carrying away
memortes of unbounded hospitality and unre
served avmpathy. Then he referred tn touch

ing terme to the resclutions paased by the |
' pretauion of the treaty

Senate and Chamber of Deputies and his re
ception by President Loubet and the members
of hia Cabinet, and in conclusion said:

“What I leave to France is my heart—-that
heart wii] not forget you who warned and con-
soled it by your words and deeds, It still
bleeds and #uffers for the griefa of my people
and will only be healed on the day when their
independence is restored and guaranteed for
the future, I hope France will continue the
work she so brilliantly inaugurated by receiv-
ing me as afriend. One way seems to me to
be open, I named {t In the word arbitration
which has already become the cry of the crowd.
May it likewise become the watchword of the
various governments, By this word ] under-
stand more particularly a deliberation followed
by friendly mediation of the Powers that favor
peace- above all, justice, for it is justice. I
cemand that this war mustend, The interests
of our peoples and the ca\se of humanity re-
As we cannot end it by laving down
our arms, mediation becomes imperative.”

Referring to the methods of the British, Mr. |

Kruger said that Lord Roberts had promised
to stop the cruelty, but perhaps he was unable
to enforce obedience to his orders, because
the barbarity is still going on. Speaking
personally, Mr. Kroger said:

“My family have been treated by Lord Rob-
erte with great consideration and I thank him
therefor.”

Lonnon, Dec, 1.—A Rerlin despatch to the
Central News eays President Kriger has been
advised that Chancellor von Bulow will only
exchange forma) vita with him if he goes to
Kerlin, and that the authorities will suppress
any attempts at public demonstrations, Ae
has aleo been informed that Emperor William
ie hunting at Lewlinger and will not be in
Berlin during Mr. Kriger's presence, All
propositions for the entertainment of the Boer
President at municipal banquets have been
abandoned

Pants, Deo. 1.-—-Mr
Cologna to-day He was enthusiastically
cheered aa he left Paris. One excited woman

admirer threw a bouquet at him aa he was
passing (hrough
euch force as to draw blood when it etruck
Mr. Kriveron the ae
Dr. Von Hamel, President Kriger's offici

interpreter, is quoted as saying that his ohie
will go to Holland after he leaves Rerlin. At
the Duteh cay italbhe wil continue the nego-
: atigne for peace and may remain there until
us death

Kruger started for

 

Kruger to Re Invited to Chicago.

CHicaco, Dec, 1.—The American Transvaal
Teacue in Chicago Is preparing a message,
which will be sent to former President Kruger
of th: South (fricen Republic, i viting him to
vi it Chicago, ‘Ihe {invitation will corgratulate
him upon bis receptionin Frenee «nd ask hm
isitths United 8 ates. Among the tigners
are Wilicm Vooke, Judge M_ F. iley, Judge
"homas G Wind «, (lrence Darrow, Dr TW
‘Thomas ard Judge Mar us Kavanie) The
/am 8s of other pro’ inent cilizs « and ' oer

vy path vera will be added before the message
ia forwarded,

ALGER ON THE EAGAN CASB.

Praises the General's EMciency, but Criticises
Fils Loes of Self-Control,

NAAAVILLR, Tenn., Dec. 1 —Gen. R. A. Alger,
former Kecretary of War, passed through the
city to-day. He was asked if he thought Gen
Eagan's restoration probable

“Gen. Eagan’s restoration,” he eaid, “is a

FOR MOROCCO,

TO COLLECT THE 85.000
FROM THE SULTAN

Mt ots for the Family of @ Naiueatized
American Citizen Mardered by Morocco's

Soldiers—This Government Kefuses to

 

 

Generally fair to-day and to-morrow,

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

 

| “uae aoemarntinns _wenpine or?-) LANGTRY LEAVES DE BATH:

INDEMNITY |

Entertain the Piea Set Up by the Saitan. |

State and the Secretary of the Navy have ar-
rauged to send an American war vessel to Mo-
roceo to collect the claim of the Unifed States
againat Moroceo for the murder of Marcus
Kzagul, @ naturalized citizen of this country.
It has been decided to send the Vicksburg on
this mission and she will proceed to Tangier
and thence to Mazagap, the nearest seaport
te Moroceo City, conveying Mr, Gummera,
the Consul-General of the United States at
‘Tangier, who will go to Moroceo City.

Marcus F7agui was brutally murdered at Fez
on June 23, 1900, and Mr. Gumineie was directed
some tine ago to present @ claim for indemnity
in behalf of his widew, amounting to $5,000,
because the Government of Morocco apparently
evinced no disposition to punish the culprits,
who were known, or otherwiee offer reparation
for the crime. In answer to Mr. Gumimnere’s
presentation of the cluim, Morocco setup as) bar
Article AV of the Madrid Convention of July
1990, which provides that in case a naturalized
eftizen shall remain in Morocco for a length of
time equal to that which shall have been neces-
sary for him to obtain such naturalization, be
shall choose between entire submission lo the
laws of Morocco and the obligation to quit that
country, unlews his naturalization shall have
been acquired with the consent of the Morocco
Government; In other words that the mur-
dered man’s temporary residence in Mororco
for five years, the time within which it was
necessary for him to live in the United States
before naturalization could be legally procured
here, villated his acquired allexiance and re-
invested hLitin with that which he had volun-
tarily and legally assumed

The State Department denied that this was
in keeping with the letter and spirit of the
treaty, and declared that it had never been
assented to by the Government of the United
States or by any other of the signatory Powers
to that convention. It meant, in plain words,
that no governinent could enforce its rights
or protect its citizens, and that all that was
necessary to defeat the enda of justice or to
absolve Moroceo from any obligation of re-
sponsibility was to permit such foreigner to
peaceably reside in Moroceo for a given period
and declare the treaty provision in question
as deterinining his political status. ‘Ihe De
partment adds

“White It nav be arcued thet if Fzagul were
jiving he might be required to adopt either
altornative of the treaty, yet it can hardy
be cluimed, with any degree of force or reason
that because he may have been required to
submit to the laws of Morocco or quit the coun-
try, Morocey can be relieved from the oviwa-
tion that resta with every Government to pun-
ish crime committed within its jurisdiction,
or, in default thereof, to make fill and proper
reparation to the person injured. Could any
Government in justice to its international
rights or in defence of tho-e guaranteed to

iene atte eaaitncananathiaaiaidaneiinianeen

Wasmtnoron, Dec, 1.-The Department of has

Postponed So That She May Continue the
Treatment for Her Deafness,
Chevenenp, Dec 1) Mae Alta Rockefeller,
davuwhter of John TD) Rockefeller, has cabled so
her mother from Vienna that her marriage to
y Parmelen Prenties, a Chicago lawyer, has
heen postponed indefinitely, and that ehe will
net return to this country at once us Was

Planoed

Mr. Prenties fa efth her in Vienna, where she
Leen racewwong tre tment for cdeatness
He hearing, which had been olmost entirely
lost, is returning slowly Mr Prentiss went
overto Austria to accompany her to this eon.
try, where the wedding was to have occurred
on Teo 19,

The physicians urged ‘hat the treatment be
continued and atrenucusly Opposed the plan
urved by Mr Prentiea that Mira toovef ier
come to America, m rry
Vienoa. The doctors pleuded that there .« no
interruptios in the treatment, and said that
completereatoratonof he ri « depended upou
the most careful and constant care just bow.

Acting on this @ivice, Misa Rock feller de
clared all arrangements for the marriage off,

 

 

 

HOBSON HAS TYPHOID FEVER.

Removed From the Army and Navy Club to the
Presbyterian Hospital.

Lieut. Richmond P. Hobson of the United
States Navy waa taken to the Presbyterian
Hospital yesterday afternoon. He is believed
to be suffering from typhoid fever, althoush
a definite diagnosls must await the progress
of the disease. Hils physicians any it is impos-
sible to tell for the first day or two the exact
character of the fever. Mr. Hobson's tem-
perature last night was but little above nor-
mal

Mr Hobson has not been well for some time
Upon his return from Manila in September,
he was assigned to duty in the Brooklyn Navy

 

| Yard, but tn October he obtained leave of ab-

sence and went South. On bis return about a
month ago he went to live at the Army and
Navy Club in West Thirty-firet street. His
wereral health did not iniprove with rest Last
Sunday he spoke beforea Y MC. A meeting
in Carnegie Hall and it was noticed that ho
jooked far from well. On Friday evening at
hie elub he felt il] enough to summon Dr. Rus-
Relamy of 8% West Thirty-first street

se!

| The physictan concluded that he was threat-

ita citizens, stand ond see one of them bru-

tally murdered and admit that it had no rigit
to complain? Unquestionably the residence
alone does not of itself decide the question
between the resumption of the citizen's orig-
inal allegiance and that of his obligation to
auit Morocco. Nor fs it in the power cf Mo-
roceo under the treaty to so declore, unless
it can be shown that for good and sufficient
reasons sho sought to enforce a literal inter-
after a given period
This she cannot do in the case of ar an being
murdered, as he is thereby preventod from
making the choice allowed by the trenty.”

In view of the fact that no representative

‘of the Government of the United States has

for some vears visited the Sultan's court at
Morocco City, the present has been thought
to be a fitting oocasion to rend Mr. Giinumere
there, with full power to close the case of the
murdered man and the other claims that have
Leen pending against the Government of Mor-
econ, These have laiely been under dis-
cussion between the authorities at Tangier
and Mr. Gummere, but withont definite result.

| It iy the department's wish that an end be put

to these matiors, as well as that u guarantee
be given that will prevent a repetition of the
ineidents that called them forth The dispo-
sidion of the Government is entirely frienaiy,

| but it feels that in treating the casve at LTan- |
wier such consideration as they deserve lina,

neither been given them nor Mr
in their friendly discussions, and the Sultan
alone has power to adjust them, which it is
thought Le will do

BE SPEAKER.

MANLEY WANTS TO

Says He Has No Aspirations to Be Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenne.

Avovusta, Me., Deo, 1.--Since the publication
of deapatches from Washington saying that the
Hon, Joseph H. Manley, chairman of the Ke-
publican State Committee, and chairman of the
Executive Committee of the National Coramittes,
had had an offer of the office of Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, to fill the vacancy caused
by the death of Commissioner Wilson, the pol-

itiiians have been discuasing the probability
of Mr. Manley's acceptance. It was thouglt
that the recent resignation of Mr. Manley from
the State Committes might mean that he would
accept the office. La an luterview to-night Mr.

, Manley said:

“The only thing that I know about the matter

‘ia what I have read in the newspapers) The
! rg was never offered to me by any one. In
‘act, L was surprised when T heard of it The

the Rue de lafayette with |

only offlee to which Lat present asrire is Sneaker
of the next Maine House of Representa civos.”
Mr. Manley has no opposition for the post of

| speaker

|

t

 

 

TALLY-NO UPSET IN DALT!INORE.

Nine Well-Knowm Citizens Overturned and
Three of Them Hart.

BarTimore, Dec. 1.—A tally-ho, enrrving
nine well-known merchanta and capitalista,
was overturned this afternoon on Charles
street when that fashionable thoroughfare
was crowded. Three of thore on the vehicle
were hurt. Charles H. Dickey, who handled
the reins, had an elbow fractured, Wiliam H,
Crane of New Yors had an ankle broken and
George Osborne wast seriowl). brufsed about
the body. The vehicle dashed down hill at
breakneck speed, the brake refusing to work,
and was ebout to plough into a car when Mr,
Dickey attempted @ quick turn. The tally-ho,
which wes an Enelich affalr and very heavy,
turned over and threw the oceunanta non the
pavement. Mr. Dicvey held to the reins and
one of hia elbows doubled under him. Mr
Crane landed on his feet, but with euch force as
to break anan-le All the part. are clu) men
and wealth. Mr. Dickey is one of the leading
financiers of the city

DIAMOND IN TURKEY'S CROP.

 

A Lecky Greenpoint Honsewife's Discovery
Worth 6100,

Mrs. Mary Lemon of 53 Java street, Green-

matter which lies entirely In the discretion of | point, on the morning of Thanksgiving Day

He forgot himself and waa

unsoldieriy in hia vituperations, but he stated
what he believed to true, and what was
proved to be true, in language un ming to @
pola r tile was wronged by Gen Miles in

ia cRaree on the beef question, and lost oon-
trol of himself. He was one of the Com-
missary-Generals ever in the army, and while
I reeard the affair asa very great misfortune,
at the aame time it is impossible for me to make
a -tatement as to his restoration to active
service.”

the President.

 

Ivers & Pond Pirnes.

Best workmanship and matestals Strictly first
einss. At Josceiyn's, 10 East 16tb at, New York

@iy.—Ade

| Bonated waters manufactured by Cari H.Sehulte Ade. | Adr

purchased a fat turkey from Henry Bartel,
a butcher at 18i Franklin etreet. While she
was dreaing it there dropped from ita crop
a diamond, Mra. Lemon thouxht at firat that
it «as @ pebble and she was on the point of
throwing it aside when its glitter attracted
her attention

Afterward she went to a Jewelier, who placed
a value of $100 on the diamond. The stone
weiche nearly a car t, is finaly cut and of good
color, Wherethe turkey came trom the but b-
er sp sold it t) Mra. Lemon was unable
tot

in these ore of conte mimated wa'er the wise man
will dic'rust Croton and pi. oie faith to the pure © r-

 

Gummere |

; ema’! pox of a mild charact

ened with typhoid and made arrangements to
have him removed to the hospital, where he
could be properly cared for in case the pliy-
sician’s fears were realized

COL. ASTOR CALIS FOR PROTECTION.

A Careless Sportsman on Fils Gronnds Comes
Near Shooting One of His Hoasehoid.

Povankerraiz, Deo. 1.—The broad acres
of Fernoliff, Col. John Jacob Astor's ances-
tral domain at Rhinebeck, are well stocked
with game, and until recently hunters have
been allowed to shoot on the place, with the
implled underetanding that the privilege was
not to be abused. To-day {t was rumored
here that some member of Col. Astor's family
had been shot by a careless sportsman. Color
was given to the story by the fact that appli-
cation was made this afternoon at the Sheriff's
office for the appointment of four Deputy
Sheriffs from among the employees of Col.
Astor's place, with power to drive off or arrest
intruders.

Joseph Seaman, Clarence W. Ackart, Matthew
West and Peter Madden were appointed. It
was ascertained that although nobody had
been shot, a careless hunter nearly sent one
of the walds into convulsions on Thursday,
‘The man was shooting near the mansion, and
iired so close to the maid that the ehot grazed
her Lead. A hurry call was sent to Chief of
Police Sleight at Rhinebeck, and he made a

and then return to |

|

|

hasty search of the grounds, but the offender |

had disappeared. Col. Astor has been ex-
ceedingly generous in allowing the public free
access to bis handsome grounds, and the inci-
dent is much regretted.

FIRE ON A TRANSPORT.

 

The Arab Narrowly Escapes Barning tn Philip-
Dine Waters.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

MANILA, Dec, 1.—The transport Arab, which |

has been carrying supplies to the south, has
had a narrow escape from being burned at sea.
‘Twelve tons of her cargo of forace and rations
had to be jettisoned before the fire was extine
wilsned

teports from Cagayan are to the effect that
the Garrison there expected an attack, Re-
ports from other pointa in the islands say that
everything is quiet,

 

NO NEW CASES OP SMALLPOX.

 

Health Officials Now Believe They Have the

Outbreak Under Control.

The twenty inspectors which the Health
Roard sent into the district on the Weat Side
where the cases of smailipox were discovered
worked hard ali day yesterday searching for
other cases and vacainating persons living in
the locality.

Every effort ia being made to ,

confine the disease to the district and so far ,

with access, President Murpby of the Board
of Health repeated yesterday his statement
that (here is no reason to fear an epidemic, but
he added that everybody who has not been

vaccinated within five years ehould be vacci- |

nated now A great many persone took this |
advice ang went to the headquarters of the ,
board at Sixth avenue and Fifty-third street

yesterday to be vaccinated, The discovery of
only two new cases on priday and of none
yesterday is taken by the Health Roard officers
a* an indication that they have the outbreak
well in hand,

 

800 Cases of Sma'ipox in a Michigan City.

WINo a, Mich., Dec. 1.—Accord! @ to Secre-
tary Bracken of the State Boardo! Healt’, who
wae caled to Winona to investigate thee t-
demic in this «ity, the d-ease is evidently
rand he mor ali y
abu 2 ereent. Itissaidt at thereure over
thre burdred cases, mostly tn the Fourth
ward, which isl irgely a Polish setlement.

 

TORTURER GIBSON STILL FREE.

Man Who Murdered His Stepchild Not Yet Ap-
prehended —Wanted Insurance Money.

Asntanp, Ky., Deo.
learned that William Gibson's stepchild, whom
he murdered, was insured for 8290 in his favor.
He, no doubt, thought by slowly torturing his
victim that she would die, and no one would
ever know the cause. All rumors of Gibson's
capture have proved false. The longer the
man evades capture the more infuriated become
tie citinens of ¢ atlettaburg and Ashland. About
3*) men are scouting for him. That he will be
punished immediately upon his arrival in the
city no one has the least doubt. The only point
to be settled is the mode, Seme are in favor
of a plain hanging to the nearest tree or tele-
shone prie
him and say he should be tortured to death in

| the same manner and with the same weapons

he used on the child. Stil others favor burning
at the stake One men has D wo say
that the stake has been selected.

WOULDN'T ENT&£R THE TRUST.

Pactfic Coast Sait Producer Stops Rise ef Prices
That Was Contempilated.

Ban Francisco, Deo, 1.—The Federal Salt
Company has formed @ combine of moat of
the anit factories of the coast and expected
to-day to advance the price from 5 centa to
£2 8 bag, but It failed to carry out the echeme
becaise one big prog icer here refused to enter
the combine, It au es salt so low now that
noone elsf can get vsiness, From present
indications’ his one company cannot. Ml the
orders thaf are coming in, When this happens
there will Lean advance,

 

 

Good Cittrens Are tn Tonch With All
oe improves the clty—Evans’ Ale is a promoter.—
x. 7

Others think hanging too good for |

1.—It has just been —

 

THE ACTRESS AND HEH YOUNG HUs-
BAND SEPARATE.

They Were Married Last Year, and She Was
Proed of Him When Me Went to War tu
South Africa —Their Parting Followed Mis
Ketura- No Suit Mas Keen Started Yet

Speelat Cable lespaten to iii SUN

LANDON, Dec. 1- Mrs. Langtry and her young
husband, Hugo de Bathe, who is an heir to 4
baronetcy, have deSnitely parted without «
euit since the latter returned from the war in
South Africa. It that the wedding,
which took place in the Island of Jersey, was
quite impromptu, Mr. Langtry obtaining the
license. There divorcee lawa in the
Channel Islands, but the ditieulty probably can
be surmounted if necessary by securing a domi
vile in Fogland

seers

are no

Hugo Gerald de Bathe ts the eldest son of
Sir Henry Percival de Bathe. The latter ie the
owner of estatos in Devonshire, Sussex and
County Meath, to which lus son is heir, Huge
de Bathe aud Mrs. Langtry were married in the
Island of Jersey on July 27, 1800, shortly after
Mr. Langtry'’s death. The ceremony we
private and no announcement of it was mad
for several weeks. At the tine of hie murriag
De Bathe was 28 years old, while his wife was 17
Mrs. Langtry’s marriage did not interfere with

her appearance in Sidney Groiidy's play, “The
Degenerates,” which took piace in London
month later. Younw de Bal was at the ope
ing performance and occupied a box with t
Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Prince
louis of Battenberg

Tt was reported that de Bathe had been out
off by his father for having married Mrs lov
try later it was rumered thet the two!
separated. ‘itis was based chiefly upon i
fact that for sever:! weeks thoy had not ber
seen in public tuget!

In December de He te started for Bou
Africa to take partin the war while his wile
wae preparing for her Arperican trip tor
reaching here last January Mra. Lanatry char-
acterized aa false the stories that she and her
husband had separated and extolie. the latter's
courage in going to the front. She had a tne:
of the ‘lransvaal made on which the positions
of the British regiments were shown by littiv
flags. At her performances here she recited
Kipling’s “Absent Minded Beggar,” and the
feeling she put into her recitation was taken
to indicate that her thoughta were with her
husband, In several interviews the actres<
declared that had it not been for the war the
latter would have come with her to this countrs

“I always tread the papers the first thing in
the morning,” she said in one interview, “to
see where my husband is in order that I may
move first the flag which stands for his regi-

  
  

ment.”
De Bathe, it was reported afterward, had
to return to England because of illness.

 

 

THE EXPLORER, HERE.

DR. SMITH,

He Spent the Summer tn an Unexplored Region
of Northeast Africa.

Dr. A. Donaldson Smith, the African ex-
plorer, was a passenger by the American Line
steamship St. Louis, which arrived yester-
day from Southampton and Cherbourg. Dr.
Binith spent the sunimer months going through
@ (tally unexplored region from Lake Ku-
dolf, in northeast Africa, to the Nile. He
returned to civilization somewhat Worn out
with African fever and spent two months re-
cuperating in Switzerland. After leaving
Switzerland he went to London, where i»
weeks ago he delivered a lecture beiore tix
Royal Geographical poolety. Oa his exped
tion through 600 wiles of unt-aveded teri
tory he was accompanied by @ scotch ts!
dermist and (fifty faithful and intelligent in
ves. Dr. Smith said:

“I found the tribes, except those bor-
dering the Nile, a tugh type of the African
Along the Nile they are canulbalistic. Some
of the tribes were unable to understand the
dialect of other tribes practically next door
to them, I discovered five new varieties of
mammalia of the antelope genus. ‘Lhev differ
from the other African antelope in their mark -
ae and their horns.”

dr. Smith will lecture about hia discoveries
before tne Philadelphia Geographical Society
op Jan. 2.

CELEBRATED A FOOTBALL VICTORY.

Fifty Chicago High School Students Take Pos-
session of an Elevated Train.

Cricaao, Deo. 1.—Fifty students from the
North Division High School, celebrating «
victory in a footbaH game, took possession
of a train on the South Side Elevated Road
and from Lexington avenue to the downtown
district they were complete masters of the situa-
tion The guards were helpless so far as quiet-
ing the riotous rooters was concerned, and
they were finally forced practically to allow
them to run the train. The lights were ex-
tinguished, signa] bells were made useless,
and cane seats were hurled about, breaking
several windows and causing oliver damage
Women who were on the train when the antics
of the students began, were forced to leave
the train at the Fifty-fifth street station and
many of the men passengers fortified themselves
in the smoker.

The police had been informed of the action
of the young men and a squad was sent to quell
the disturbance. When the poidce rushed iy
the boisterous funmakers were taken by eur
prise. ‘Lhen @ lively rush for treedorn we
made. Mauvy crawled through the window
to the platform. ‘Two were captured by the
police. ‘ihey gave the naines of Harry Me
and Arthur Grunger They were tocsed up
foratime, but later were bailed by their father»

 

 

LAY DOWN IN A FIELD AND DIED,

Death Overtnakes a th War Veteran
While He Is Goiny to Se* a Friend.

Movnt Vernon, N.Y. Deo 1.~Some boys
while hunting in the flelds noar Tuckahoe this
afternoon found the dead body of a young man
lying tehod @ haystack about two hundred
feet fromthe White Plains toad. An autopsy
showed thathe had died from natural causes
Late to-nig t thy body was iden ified by Ms
G:rtirude Beebe of 14 South | ifteen h avenue
as that of ner #01, Robert Kecbe, 27 years old.

She said that he had been in the West for
several mont s work.ng for an iron bridge
company, and had Just come home fora vi-it
be ore sta ting for Bouth America next week.
Bhe believe. he was taken iil of heart diseas»
wille walking to jucka o# to visit a iriend,
andlay dow: on tome ha and died Heebo
served as asergea t in the 209d New York
Regiment in (he Spanish war.

 

ACTOR RATCLIFFE OUT OF A JOB.

 

Disagrees With His St. Louts Employer and
Another Man Takes His Place.

&r. Lovis Mo., Dec. 1.—The troubles between
Manager Giffen of the Imperial Theatre and,
Mr. E. J. Ratelife, bis leading man, culmivated
recently 'n @ clashafter the play a'd noye
of the severance cf Ratcliffe's relations @fth

he cOmpany. Mr. W. H. Pascoe, formerly
leading min with the Otis Skinner Compan),
was engaged to-day aa lendi @ man
Manager Giffen and Retciiffe disagree as to
the causes » hich Jed to a severince of their re-
lations. Rai ffe chorwes that to@ man iaer
sb) o'ed | im toa series of jetty anno (nos
which he would mt stand ihe (raw was
whe ancrder or a couple of seats to the
Aatinés were charged wp against ‘he actor.
anager G ffen saying that be paid the actor
is salary inc 8) and did not pr: pose toa mit
ha fri uds tr ¢ to the theatre. Mr. Katoliffe
states that he will return to New York.

Wealth and Political Honor Made Mim Insane.

New On:eans, Doc, 1.—Ferdinand Leusch,
Jr., died here to-day aged 38. He was a larée
contractor and Ider Last fall, a mine
which he own mn Alabaina made him sud
denly rich H = neminated for the Cit
Council at eame time The excitement
of the fortfZine and the campaich unsettled
Mr. Lenac mind and he became violenth
insane a dass before the election ‘There
was no May to take the name of the oMicial
ballot P Tanseh owas elected. Tnsans
him from rerving

  

 

 

    

 

r

 

prevey

   
     
     
   

Prince Albert No, 2.

Full Deess Sitrts
PK boom

raw

w Adr

a :
a Hand tmoce

, Rore Merit ard ,
| Bvans’ Ale—o! course hvems

Most in: iting.
Every pase Ace