CHURCH WAR IN THE BRONX

POT ANT MINISTER

perpen UNOETES PROT
sient

or

fav tation Dectined Wiehawt thanks The Hew,
nell ald fe Weatdn't Nhe Inewlied

 

 

 

  

 

‘ tr
" sther Care Satd Phat We Wouldn't Ne
tathed a tlar trouble Over af troalar.
ty ‘ wer roof the Pre
} o ‘ : nat aaa a 1
' , err | over what they
i en now the
be ir cha over which,
, | " ‘ re ‘| core, the sittia
' ia the de ired ihe
ra fad their ortain |
‘ ropiled 7 §
vf Protestan lere\ren
| £ pound toowluch were signed
j ‘ i fthe promaunent Catholic
i ' Wiliarnsbridee and Wakefleid
or f » fact that the names of
| ew Cait ee en were signed te the |
' ' ord arose
e Cathole pastors juestion
tiv bol. Carr of St. Mary's Chureh, the
yoo teseph pew ik oof St) Valentine's and
4 ite t Moore of St. Frances of Rome
‘ al ‘ 1 giving ority to use ther
{ nan th realar, and, net only that, de-
‘ i moanced nd «cbtained a weeping apology
y | frew o Protestant clergymen for taking the
/ j . of thus making use of their signatures
fi | | result, however, Was rot brought about
bs : efore some very heated ntroversies had
: taken place involving even at least one in-
wtation to adjourn to the parsonage back
vard there and then te t the collateral |
ies growing out of the jlogical discussion

 

of Queensberry rules

     

i recording to the Marqui
It was the Rev John 4. Carr of st Mary's
Chore who made this: liberal offer and the
clergyman to Whom te {dressed if was the
Kev Clayton Grinnell of Pramanuel Baptist |
chureh. Mr. Grinnell, furthermore, received
notice from the Rev fb. Po Moore of the Church
of St. Frances of Kome, that if le, Moore,
caueht him, Grinneid, mixtng tp with the St
Frances of Rome parishioners he w vuld resort

Christianity and make the Rev
Grinnell a better man than he was vefore

fo this Mr Grinnell replied that he was
looking for somebody who could make & batter
He and the Rev Father Moore
ing episode, and

to muscular

man ot him

ye pot met since flus excit
Mr Grinnell ertire:y tanored the Rev. Father
Carr’s offer to “have if out" in the parsonage
back vard The situation, a¢ it now stands,
is that the Rey Father John J. Carr of St |
Mares Church will to-day distribute among
hix flock at church @ creular headed: “A |
Public Apology, Why It, Was Asked, and in!
which not only the apology but the original

leaflet which evused a I the trouble will be set
forth, but also the reasons, given at length
and Siened by the three Catholic clergymen
why they demanded that Mr Grinnell anc
his as ite Protestant pastors should apolo-
wize tor the unauthorized use of the Catholic
clergy men's names

Mr Grinnell, Who is a young man of rather
an uggressive type of Christianity, told a Sen
reporter yesterday that the whole trouble arose
because the name of one of the Catholic clergy -

 

the religious eonditions which prevail there,

We wanted to knew just how many people
of each denomination there were and to urge
ther to go te their respective churches, The

thiog has been done in Philadelphia and else-
where and Catholics joined with Protestants
L spoke to the Rev. John J. Carr

in the work

abot it and he expressed himself as in syin-
athy with the plan, We sent to see the Rev,

¥ P. Moore of the Church of St, Frances of
Lome and the Rev, Joseph Dworzak of St.
Valentine's Church, but neither of those gen-

tlemen was found at home, We did not have

 

authority from them to use their names, but
we felt that we were making @ sort of church
directory and that we were at liberty to put
their t es toit, Father Moore came to me
vering passion and said if he met me

 

in
ar is parishioners he would exercise mus-
a r ¢ hristiamity

H “rhy was 4 meeting at my house of the

yt Protestant and the Catholic clergymen whose

' Names were-on the oireular, and the Catholic
clergyvinen demanded an apology, We con-

sented to make the apology on the ground that
what we tad intended as an act of courtesy
had proved @ispleasing _They maintained

   

 

  

   

\
» printed in any of the wreat New York

Be thar we had been gudty of forgery in using
i their nanes, but this we denied, and did not
; : apologize on tliat basis When we sicned the
rf ape +i} was with the distinet agreement that
it only be printed in the form in which
, > i) clreular was printed and in one of
m } tie local pavers here which reproduced the
4 la It Was explicitly agreed that it should

1

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

' Tshall be heard in New York only

| fore that time

as plaved for them

accompaniments

ARWARICH AND OTRRNIN' WERE.

The Twa Great Singers Were Vaceenaers om the

St. Bante Thetr Piene
Amona the paseenmers the St Leouls
were Mmae dempbrich and lerninag Mine
Sembrio) wae acoompanied | er husband,

w

M Stengel Sembrich, andsia Hevlmnan!
ia to be the condueter of ber quent company

   

during the present «« " Hoth of the prima
donnas had enent most of the time on he
steamer in their berths Mine Sembrich

Iriday and Mme
wotll the steamer

did not leave her room antl
lernina Was not to be een

reached the pier

| have hurried eo rapidiv from Bertin,
Mine Sembrich said to a reporter hat lean
scarcely realize where Tam After my “eason
there | went for two day » Dresden, spent
three days in Paria and then took the steamer
at Cherbourg And I have only two dares
before singing again | wave fourteen per

formances in Merlin at the New HKoyal Opera

 
  

House and could have given twenty more if 1 |

had not been compelled to return here so soon.
It waa the same thing thot prevented my sing-
ing ‘Don Pasgual in the New Palace which
the Emperor invited metodo. | enjoved that
compliment because Lan not a German and the
invitation to perform anopera inthe palace had
never before been extended to any singer

lhe opera would have been sung in one of the
large ballrooms. Is! ave liked to have

the experience, but it was out of the question
at the time and bam veers iueh afraid tomay
not have the Spppreunits awatr
‘Lam to sing this winverin concert and ¢
and will gous far. e+ a» San
am to appear ior two weeks
will arrive on the ist of January Lhey
all the best Italian singers olbWunable, and
am sure they will sing the operas adiurat

1
.
in concert *

Mme. Sembreh, who is under the manage.
ment of C. 8. Graff, will be heard at Carnesie
Hal on Tuesday atternoor

Mme. Ternina will await the arrival of the
Maurice Grau Opera Corjpany and will appear
during the first week in © Pannhauser hee
she will sing with ch
Symphony Orchestra

‘T’'m too much afraid of the American elimate
she said, “to attempt any travel here. 1 cx
not sing last vear for six weeks on account
of one cold | caught and in the future L shal
confine my appearances to New York Il arn
delighted to hear that the Wagner operas
have been such @ great success in San ne
isoo and I only regret that f was not out there
to take part in them. But I don't think T shail
ever be able to run such @ risk i'n going to
sing ‘La Tosoa’ this winter and | belleve that
New York will like Puccini's opera = Lt is not
Wagner, of course, and for that reason T shall
not take the same pleasure as if [ were singing
Brunnhide. But it is a very beautiful opera,”

Angela Anderson, the young American planist,
was also on board the St. Louis

CONCERTS FOR YOUNG PEOPLE.

 

 

  

 

 

The First of the Damrosch Symphony Series
Given Yesterday.
Mr Frank Damrosch believer that young

folk should have their music explained as well
That is the object of the

en appeared on the cireular merely as “priest” | Symphony Concerts for Young People, the
BAG BO} 8A tog Po I hot | firat of which series was given in Carnegie
mince his language in characterizing some ¢ :
the statemer ts alleged to have been made, | Hall yesterday afternoon Mr = Damrosech
even froin the altar, by some of the Catholic | analyzed, before conducting in their entirety,
clerzs taeu involved io Che controversy Mendeles ‘a overture “Calm Sen and Prow
“We wished to canvass  Wiliamsbridge | Mende! hon rverturs one Oe aoe
and vicinity,” said Mr, Grinnell, “to ascertain | perous Voyage,” two numbe rom Grieg

Holberg's Zeit” and the
“Entrance of the Gods into Walthall,” from
Wagner's “Rheingold The latter excerpt
was reenforced by the singing of Misses Peck,
Chapmann and Hail, who delivered the fa-
miliar measures of the Rhinemciden’a music
with satisfying effect

Miss Marguecrite Hall «ang a number of in-
teresting songs with her accustomed felicity
of manner and rich voice, Two of Edward
Flgar's for low voice and orchestra, “In Heaven”
and “Where Corals Lie,” proved to be brief
but of charm, Some interest is attached to
the name of this young talented Englishman,
whose setting of Newman's ‘Dream of Geron-
thus” was recently well-received in England
Mr. Elgar's melodies are rather Jush in senti-
ment, buthe hasa eer taste in orchestration
Miss Hall further demonstrated her versatility
by singing with admirable characterization a

oup of Welsh, Cornish, Scotch, Trish and
Firailsn songs the latter being Purcell's florid
and ever welcome “Nymphs and Shepherds.”
She was reeniled several times. Mr, Dam-
rosch's explanations were lucid, but more for
the ears of older persons than the numerous
little ones who formed the major part of the
large audience. This is perpags unavoidable,
Mr. Isidore Luckstone plaved Miss Hall's piano
The next concert is an-
29, when a Christmas pro-
Mrs. Hissern de

orchestral suite” Aus

  
 

pounced for Dec.
ramme will be performed

 

 

 

 

dailies [ff they violate their agreement we Moss is to be the folo anees a5
shall take aetion =
F Aid want will that action bev" was asked | T@ TAKE DOGS AS HOTEL GUESTS.
, of Mr. Grinnell
At may fot be ade wtie Jo raven! 6 ee Leading Hotels of St. Louis Agree to Receive
qt} cleruviman, y th 1 . 2 :
that ' e cif has been reproduced in an- Them Under Certain Conditions.
other forin than vn’ Which it originally ; v Yer 1—The managers of the
apperred. ‘There are words italicized that St Lot 18, De ; a a ers ~
Were not it yaad ip the orieinal.” Planters’ and Southern hotels to-day agree:
' Dev Lather Carr sait that he had dis- ) to raise the embargo in force against dogs of ail
\ ai
tu i Mr Groene nhen ra latter ape decrees in the hotels Tochnically, the terms
I Phin on the dubiect of the canvass, : ; ;
tal he Ww nmiaking a can iss of the com- upon which the dog is rece ived makes him @
mnet coount of his own church and that | guest The dor:'s master is required to pay
: he rin mene = OMe es a ea, | acertain sum a day for the dog's board and lodg-
! set is it was the cus. 7 : :
{ ‘ lis ever ear, and that he declined | ins This sum is fixed by ecireumsetances, in
to eeneral CANVASS which the size of the dog and the cleanliness
; 1 heard about t . cireular wh our | of his appearance are important factors, but
! Tinyrieed ither Carr sentry
,' ca Mr. Grinnell to get a copy of | once decided on it er tithes him to go anywhere
t ' once began a controversial | in the house his master may gy, excent the
Med ynt At the here ug in at | dining room When the master is ready to
L ‘, we bad it hot and heavy e
ao }oowritten ‘apologs Mr give up his apartments he is obliged to allow
ed I ed st Presbyterian Church said | an agent of the hotel to Inspect them to see
i f, the vild ter tt matter for a week, that the dog has not torn upthe carpet or chewed
, F = VL apelogie now and here” | a rurniture Whatever damage may have
) i man oat ; oe "a an V4 4 aan | been committed by the dog the master mus
thats ‘ wer ne for them to j sromptiv make up
i wont ey GONE OF : this change in the rules of these two hotels
r yout ! “oti lo | 1 ql BSAe Ext e
will be gratifying to actors and actresses espe
Py o 7. And Me a sig if at all? one | cially, as well aa to British tourists who pas
i at | , : through the city every fall for the game pre-
; Ferd Ben, Fe carer YOU KiOW What | Carves of the Southwest, and who are alwias
1 Ll aah Ma ett el tages ne third decree | qoeampanied by their hunting dogs The res
that ye fewest ‘ nd we will act | ceiot of an application for rooms fora party of
rT BS rar Lhe w i | Englishmen and their hounds is what led to the
Pe ee Se artes ’ “d | raising of the embargo
inte wre t ~ - iM al =z 3 a
q ret lied t ithat Tow \ { 7 —
enlled a tia i Vii thotise on CHURCH BELLS DISTURD SERVICES.
{ anedthiatit te ldeormeonte
y + yarn we ae - ; | i Neighboring Congregations Meet at Different
ie { thet So we arew ai i i te and thev an
, 4 aianet i We agreed not to printitin ar oe | Hoors and There I Trouble.
he the New York dial ers, and have kept our \ ringing of the chimes in Christ Episcopal
% ‘t word, alt! irse it Was bound t t The ringing I
—& wor Pe Cu ® ‘ weoele i 7 .
Pe ont) We wanted the anclogy to show to the ! Church, Williamsburg, on Sunday night before
, E Archbishon in ease we were taken to task about | service has annoyed the members of the First
P our nates t ut slirned t wreular, There itch Reformed Church to such an extent that
‘ f Wits symanwhodidnet sign the apologs !
¢ He said he would lose his job if he did, and we | the Consistory Board of the latter has sent a
; did not request to the trustees of the Episcopal church

insist.”

cu er, Which i wenerally regarded by
the people of Willian.st z

and the n

    

 

en

"AS

 

iy Deorhoods concerned as haymiess enough
(ead follo
mee, & eH crUercir AND PASTORS OP WIILIAMS
‘ , BIIDGE AND WAaK?PIFLD
it oie Re Paces and Vicinity
Chet Ni We to present an invitation to
al qersone ta our necibertoot to untie with us in

Se cenit
ee tat te

‘is a member of a
rr me of our churches,
’ e and a neld of nee

nent
od

» church connect

on
“their pret!

   

 

 

        

 

     
   
 
 

 

  

  

 

1 t ehureh
world 1 toh every child in the homes
i : ofour people ntolled aa Ss school, and a reg
haf Aten ct there
i f \ tatoo tic jaterest of no one church |
z wt dena mnabe put in the name of ous common |
; Lord and M4
; : You wit! 1» wh eur chorches on the
Ver wide a! Mis sher }
In addition to the rroes of the elergvinen |
a "ready: five it ranged by the Rey |
; us ard Fb Me Danie PPrinity Baptist Chureh,
mates BON Stroder of St) George's Episare
ee thane 1. the be Fo Richardson of Ojon
i Ve 3 oH +9 al Church, the Rey bl Re
iH eters Geroan-butheran Churel
i 7 } tam Hart Dexter of the First |
| Vt) in Chur th Rev Jd J Moar
, See 4e © Method. Episeopal Chuarc!
q Mati, we Lie WoO MeMa-ter of Bronxdate
i : ol Paliseot j Mir Stroder
rf nt we Ft urch w |
) than : me Vv - aimnong
s 7 unt vl used without |
BU Lgrity , etook no part in the sub. |
Th ' . de , \
A my femanded and granted |
e
ens tie ere publicly apo ae
: turlr knowledge or «
i Bo Carr the Rev
os ’ ( " +P. Moore, nu. f
itacie our purpose hay
: 4 4 ire * churches and pas. |
q Wir S HART DEN Te j
h La ~ GRIN‘ EI |
r MPS More!
pan ewer |
) fe H. Reva
r enns-demenentens
ae “~ to
; earushin Margaret Jones ited,
; WES, Ds I des . p
| P “e" The steaz sip Mar.
euecdeal s foated by the wie ers at
y} ; Wat the Delawar 'reak- |
. ner t ' ae from her « ‘net. oe |
' it s (00d Condition, belt
‘ be " nd Out for inspeetion beyeere |
. IMOUM patric iy nd fhe ship was flo® Md |
\ i ht 1 ler plates are @ Ev
ed GY the Soy 1g ot salvage wil

is UNGerwTilers

 

 

either to stop ringing the chimes or to change
the hour of their service The churches are

 

 

iF ra

branciseo why re !

My company |
re |

|

‘

|
|
|

|

|

 

only a few yards apart, and within two blocks |
are St John's Methodist Episcopal Chureh, |
which has no bell, and the Ross Street Presby- |

terian Chureh, which has one
Church and Christ Chureh begin their evening

services at 7.45 o'clock, the other two churches

  

 

 

fifteen roinutes earlier The ringing of the
| chimes of Christ Church and of the bell of the
' Ross Street Presbyterian Church ov rently
disturbs the first fiteen minutes of service in
the other two chureues The trustees of Christ
Chureh will discuss the request of the Reformed

Church consistory on Thursday night

ROKRED HER EMPLOYER.

 

Jennie Laird, a Saleswoman, Makes a Confes-
sion and Surrenders Stolen Goods.

Aaron Westheim, the proprietor of a de

The Ross Street |

 

partment store at @85-87 Broadway, Willianise |

  

 

  

 

 

burg, notieed about aim

being svsternatically robbed A watch was
set on all the employees, The suspicious ac-
) tions of Jenaie Laird, a saleswoman years
old, last) ey yg eoused Abraham Best uv,
the superintendent, to eall her inte his office
After bein sharply questioned the woman

admitted that she had been robbing her em-
ployer for some tme She withdrew from
a stocking two corset covers. A J
arrested her and she was taken to the stage
street police stattor

 

   
 

nthago that he was |

|
!

loeman |

|

Detectives then went to her home at Jel-
monieco place wherein a trunk were founds
a miscellaneous assortment soods od
at $700 The woman told the police that hy
vartof the things were stolen from. Westhein
‘he rest belomced to a triend whose name
she refused to tell The nan was locked
upon a charge of grand larceny
Has Been No Estrangement Between indge

and Mrs, Davis.

Frederick Frelinghuysen of Newark, a brother
of the wife of Judge John Davis of Washi: eton,
D. C., snid yesterday that the repert that the
Judge and his wife had been estrang was

ridiculous, It was reported yesterday mn.
ing that the couple had jast become reco: jled

after an estrangement of fourteen years. \ir.
Fretinghuysen said there had been no recon.
Ciliation because there was no need fori his
sister and her husband having always . ed

happily togetoer.

      

OTTO KEMPNER GETS OUT

AND RAPS wWitioranny
CHINE HARD

STREOT WA.

Only Kings Coants NMetegate Wha Voted for
Coler Kesigas From the General Commit.
fee and Nenoancee tte “Unholy Alllance
With Tammany for the Sake of Spotl"

Otte Kempner, the only delegate from Kinga

THE SUN, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2. 1900.

'

 

county wh voted for Mrd § Coler for Qav-
ernor at the Democratic State Convention Laat
September tas resigned as a delewate to the
Kings County General Comimittes from the !
I wentiot) 4 wer bl ciatrict He has sent
letter of rewaenation to dames Moffett, the
chairimnat thabon ratio General Conmiltee,
ind in explaining }!+ reasons for retiring says
At the Democratic State Convention beld
In Saratoga in September PE advocated the
nomination of Bird S&S Coler of Brooklyn for
Governor, whose brilliant offiee record as Comp.
trolier of New York city made him the most

available and, by ceneral consent, the strona-
eat candidate the Damoecratic party conld have
named for offcs In assuming that
sition, which was prompted solely by a desire
success at the election, 1 was abe
liged to stand alone in the Brooklyn delega-
tion, though a vast majority of the delegates
mine with regard to Mr
They were persuaded,
their conviction at the

lO.

that

to insure

had views similar to
Coler’s avatiabilits

however, to aurrender

behest of the bosses, and by voting solidly
walns! Mr. Coler brought about hia defeat,
ind with it saerifeed the only chance of win-

It wis not the first time that
axed Democratic organization of Brooke
lyn durtng the period of my connection with
it has hetrayved the Demoeratle party and the
ta of the Any

“Ever since the consolidation of Greater New
York, the Brooklyn organization has given
up its character as a separate entity, resolved
tself intoan annex to Lammeany Halland main-
tained an wu alliance with it for

ning the Stace

the ail

best intere sriean people

holy the sake

 

  

of spoils. The debasing conditions in New York
city, against which the people are now rising
upin armas, owe their origin to the abject con-
sent of Willoughby street in 1807 to the
nomination of any puppet that Boss Croker
tight name for Mayor of Greater New York
In isi, J any and its brooklyn annex
omed hand t the Democratic State Con-

    
 

ventionin forcing the nomination of the Mayor's
brother for Glover against the judgment
f the up-State leaders, who predicted that
the blunder would catice the loss of the State

to the Democratic party

In ? Staite Convention of 1960 to elact
delegates to Kansas City, the joint organiza.
tlons sent tee Lrust tainted delewates-at-large
to the Derneoeratic National Convention to
assist in formulating an anti-trust platform

At Kansas City the Tiger and ita Brooklyn
appendage were rgely instrumental in de-

 

leating the heroic efforia of ex-Senator David

B. Hill to heep the 16 te t silver hereay out of
the Democratic platform. Thus did the un-
holy alliance between Tammany Hall and
Willouuhby Street bear logical fruit in the
wreck and rutn of the Democratic party in
city, State and nation A small coterte of
unprincipled politicians, masquerading in. the
livery of Democracy, have been exploiting
the party organization in Brooklyn for per-
sonal protit

rom (he baek room of the Willoughby

etree! auction room they have been dictating
nominations aud appointments with stomwal
inoiflerence te pubbe entunent and to the
demands of the Deimoeratic voters and have

  
 

 

heen exeroang abselute proprietary rights
over ali party niotters

They nave reduced district leadership and
district organ zat Assembly acd county
committees, prinaris and conventions to hol-
tow mockerie they have usurped the essen-
tial priviteges of the Democratic masses. They
hav > compelled all publie  offictala, the
products of their perverted systetu, to serve
their creators and not the public. Only
euch = mer as are willing lo weir
the hoases’ -ollur, andto ‘divvy' their offictal

feea, are dean ei worthy of ree gnition by the
auction room magnates The lower the moral
and intellectual s'andard of @ candidate or
aspirant toe better arm his prosp cts

“aa direct results, ve have an incompetent
borouch admioistration. Our county Ox
posed to ths horrors of a water ‘amine, vice is
rampant and safeguarded by our pollea. Our
streets are Cirty and prim tively pave’, yet tie
burden of taxation js steadily incr: asing

“1 am convinced that the canse of true De-
mocracy in Rings county would be best sub-
served by a sweeping reorganization of the
party manugenient.”

     

’

 

TEXAS'S VOTE PEIL OFF.

Oficial Canvass Shows Decreases Since 1996
in All the Parties,

Dec 1.—The State Canvass-
finished canvassing the vote
for the candidates for !’residential eleo
The count shows. Republean vote,
121,175, a decrease of 37,028 from the vote of
four vears ago, Democratic vote, 267,432, a
decrease of 16,846 from the vote of four years
& decrease cf 55,-

Tex ‘
-day

AUSTIN,
ing Board t
cast
tors

      

 

 

 

ago, Populist vote, 21,180,

7e0 from the vote of four vears ayo The plur-
ality for Wiliam Jennings Brvan over Wil-
liam MeKir this vear is 146,250 The fol-
lowing e+ es made no returns for Presi-
dential r \ , | : Collings.
worth, Lastiand, | Franklin,
Jack, Jefferson, Kaufraan Sabine,
Sheiby, Upshur, Ward. and Weeler te
turns from Bowtie and Pecos were received
after the count was closed) The returns of
Vietoria county were not counted, becnuse
they were not properly authenticated

GAMRLF 10 SUCCEED PEITIGREW.

The South Dakota C ongressman Says He Will
He Elect ed Senator.

Ia, Dee, 1, ~ Congressman
Robert J. Gamble of South Dakota has fla‘ly
a-serted that be is certitn of election to the
Senate from South Dakota as succeasor to Pet-
tigrew n he hae not expressed
absolute contidence until to-day. Courting the
me bers vted the counties which in-
dorseat ndidaey and those from whom he
has received writ enor personal assura ces of
suppor, Mr Gainble sass he has upward of go
of the 115 Repu no members of the Lewisla-
ture tavoribie to his elveilo fhe candidates
a'ready inthe fled have made a careful can-
v and the situation is Lol likely to change
materialy between now and the meeting of the
Legisiature
“Tam sure of this election,’ said Gamble

Storx City,

since the elect

  
 

ele

 

 

  
 
   
    
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

 

i

YOUR CHULp
BS GM | GER
From many diseases. Children
who are well nourished success-
fully resist disease to which an
ill- nourished child succumbs,
Your child has enough food.
Does the food make flesh? If
not there is something wrong
with the stomich and other or-
gans of digestion and nutrition,
That wrong can be quickly
righted by the use of

© LR. PiERCE’S ¢
GOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVERY.

In ninety-eight cases out of
every hundred it completely cures
indigestion and other diseases of
the digestive and nutritive sys-
tem in both young and old. You
can consult Dr. Pierce by letter
free. Ad- 2 dress Dr. R. V.
Pierce, K Luffalo, N. ¥.

* +

Dr. Pierce’s
Medical Advis-
et, paper cov.
ers, is seni on receipt
of 21 cents to pay cost
of mailing only.

Address Dr. Plerce,as above.

 

    
  
   
 
 
   
 
 
    
     

a SSS SS

GERWANS ORGANIZE FOR fen,

When the Task toto Finck the Clty Aware From |
Tamnany's Grip
Amerionn League, elich arew
MeKiniey and
wae permanent! organ
the headquarters, 1
The following officere
ludwia FO Thetaa

The Germar
ot oof the German
Noosevelt
ined lnet evening at
baat Fourteenth etreet
were elected

American
Levu

Vrealdent

First View President Jastrow = Alexander
Second View President, Fella Priteche ‘Third
View Pr sident, Charles Lupprian Dreasurer, |
Mat TO Rosen. Corresponding Secretary, Fred
Srivder Hecording Secretary, bk ¢ Faer

President Thoma made the following remarks
In this ear'a national campaign there

was only one issue, national honor and pros

perity against national dishoner and ruin

There ix aleo but one issue in next years mun
cipal campaion, a clean and honest erty eo
erninent against corruption All other lostios
are insistoificant as compared with that one
arent teste

We alt know that Tammany Hall is the |
hothed of corruption. It must be deprived |
of its power before the citizens of our great
and beautiful etty can hope to tind any rehet
from exoriitant taxes and ul opy te
ston In order to be suecessiul we must be |
united. The Germans \rmericans have the
balance of power and they ought to use if in
the interesta of our city They owe it to the
city, to their German names and themselves
let us put aside all petty jealousies and differ-
ences of opinion, but let us take a united stand
Against the nmon enemy.”

After a constitution and
been adopted, the meeting adjourned at
ealbof the president

 

elaine

   
 

the by-laws had
the

M’GUIRE TO STEP DOWN AND OUT.

He Declares That He Will Not Ran for Mayor
of Syracuse Again.

Syracuse, Dec 1 When Mayor James K
McGuire last summer was appointed chairman
of the Demoeratic State Executive Committee
and bis political star appeared to be in the
ascendeney, he gave out that he was going to
defeat the Republicans just once more in a
Mayoralty in Syracuse before he en-
tered the broader fleld of State politics as a

contest

: fidat Evidently the resulta of his cam- 4 e ° e ° . st

pian in the Bt dames Building caused him to | i Now Paderewski orders another for his residence in Switzerland.

‘hanwe his i 7 del swation of oung $ ‘ ° ‘ tal a6 ° e ‘

Boracrate tron the Yuird sed Pourth wants | i If the appreciation of the Pianola by all musicial authorities is a coincidence, §
called om the Mavor to-day to advise wit!

him in regard to forming a MeGuire Club in
their wards. The Mayor then definitely told
them that when his term was ended he would
step down and out
At that time,” he said, “I will have been
Mayor two years longer than any of my pre-
decessors in office, and also longer than iny
precee’ inclinations would cause me to desire
have been forced to neglect my private busi-
ness, and mv duty to my family demands that
I leave the Mayor's office at the end of my
present term.”

pleasures.

another

net oniy one
Khapsodies, 8

Sousa’s marches

OBITUARY.

Witham Minot, one of Boston's best-known
lawyers, died at his home on Commonwealth
avenue in that city on Friday night, after a
gradual failure in health. He was born in Rox-
bury, Mass, on May 9, 1849, and Was graduated
from Harvard Law School in 1868. Soon after
hewas admitted tothe bar and becamea partner
in the office of his father, at 30 Court street,
Boston, where the Minot family has been en-
gaged in legal practice for lux years) He once
was a meniber of the Boston Common Council
He had written a number of treatises pertaining
vo public affairs, notably on taxation. He was
a member of the St Botolph, Country, Union
and Central Lunch clubs, and perhaps some
othets at various times His favorite recrea-
tion was bird shooting. He often spent time
in hunting wid duck and other fowl at Curri-
tuck, N, C.on the reservation of the Swan Ial-
and Club He was also an active menber of the
Toley Island and Tahanto clubs, on Buzzard's
Bay, both devoted to fishing and shooting. He
married on June 24, 182, at Trumansburg, N. Y..
Flizabeth Vredenburgh Van Pelt, who died four
years ago. Four children survive him

Mrs. Grenville L. Winthrop, the eldest da: gh-
ter of the late John B. Trevor, died at the family
residence, Glenview, at Glenwood, yveaterday.
She had been ill but a short time. She was
married in June, 1892, to a son of Robart Win-
throp of New York city. The wedding took
place in &t. John's Church. As a daughter of
the lute John B. Trevor, Mrs. Winthrop was
heir to several millions of dollars. She was
much interested in the sult of her brother against
the trustees on the accounting for the main-
tenance fund of Glenview. She was one of
the family that occupied the house, and her
brother in his suit asserted that she with the
others should pay for the maintenance out of
their inheritance. The funeral will probably
be on Monday

Julia de Palma, the daughter of the late
Kev Joaquin de Palma, @ Protestant Episcopal
clergy tnan here who belonged to a well-known
Cuban family, died suddenly yesterday of
apoplexy at the home of her nieces at 3463 West
Forty-Sixth street Miss de Palma was 75
years old and was born in Havana, where her
father was at onetime a lawyer As a result
of politieal troubles he had to leave the island | t
in IMS, and upon reaching here became a min- | ances as a result of the presence of the proving

by removed to another part of the room.

SUIT OVER NAVAL PROVING GROUNDS.
Answer of the Gun Inspector to Claims for
Damages Made by a Neighboring Famer.

BALTIMORE, Dec 1.—Lieut. Joseph Strauss,
inspector of ordnance in charge of the naval
ordnance proving ground at Indian Head,
Charles county, Md, filed his answer to-day
to the bill of complaint of Eli Gaffleld, the
owner of Stump Neck, on the Potomac River,
four miles south of Indian Head Mr Gaf-
field complained that the firing of the guns,
which were being tried by the Government,
had dat aged his property, and had made the
members of his family ill He also charged
it he had suffered numerons other griev-

 

 
        

 

ister For aloni time he was rector of a Span- station near his place
ish Episcopal Church in this city ; or ; as
; Lieut Strauss denies in his answer that in
Wiliam F Stewart, member of the General | the experi ents at Indian Head there is any
Assembly of Penns: lvania from the Sixteenth | fring over aid across the property of the pl "Ne
district of Philadelphia, died at his home in | tip The configuration of the land is) such
that city yesterday. He was born in Willlams- [ ghiat no firing is done In that dire: tier the
port, Va, in isso At the outbreak of the Var] Pieutenant admits thar one wll weighing
of the Rebellion he entered the Twentieth 1,100 pounds fired fron: The Head struck
Regiment Pennsyly nia Volunteers ax a pric | aq wave and 4 tted ty i plaintiff's
vate and owas later appointed sergeant of | jand, but after a thorone iwestigation me
Company K, 213th Regiment Pennsylvania. He | yrements were tikes nd pl idopted
served inthe Legisluture ten terms. prevent the recurresce of the accident |
Theodore Downs Barniun, President of the | answer ais cenie he allegat hat on
S 0. Barnum & Son Company, one of the old- | count of the acids and fluids used the water
est firms in Buffalo and western New York, | his been contaminated and the fish kill
died at his home in that city on Friday nicit | Toe Lieutenant avers in conclusion that Mr
of sliock resulting from the deaths of his father | Go Mfleld is desirous of selling his property to
and dang} ter Mr Rernum was born in Utioa | the Government, but that he had demanded a
on April 23, 1842, and on July 21, 1864, he mar- | sum in excess of its value

ried Miss Sarah Whiting of Cleveland Ile
is survived by two daughters, Mrs Langford
S Keating and Miss Stephana © Barnum

Mrs. El za W Miller, widow of the late Justica
Miller of the UL) ited States Supreme Court died
suddenly at her residence in Washing on ves-
terday morring. She had recently returned
fr ma visit (+ her former home in Keokuk, Ia
Fariy on Friday morning she had a -everce

INSANE, SHE CUT HER THROAT.

Mre. Koehler Was Afm™ficted With Religioas
Manta~ Will Probably Die.

Mra Emmo Koeller, the wife of Jolin Koehler,

a contractor living at 2082 Valentine avenue,

 
     

 

attack of neuralgia of the hear, which, how- - ’ | aod .
ever, yielded to treatment and che retir-d on | tiempted suicide ves erday at her home by
Fr day night muchimproved The nextmorn- | cuctuie her threat She wes found unconscious
ing she Wis found de d by her maid be her hushand and Was removed to Fordham

Lieut -Col. Henry C. Symonds died on Friday Hospital where, it ts satd she will probobly die
at Los Gatos, Cal., from paralysis, after a line | Fort some time the woman has becn afflicted

; | S wan 70 "s old With religious mania She was frequent!

re : nes @ was 7 “u a WE ‘
gering iline He was 70 s old. He was missing from her home and would be found

a eraduate of West Point and for a time was a
professor at the academy. He was a class-
mate of Gen. Sheridan, (ien. MacPherson and
Gen. Schofield. In the Civil War he had charge
of the Commissary Department at Louisville.

by her husband at a chur corvice For days
she has been attending three services a das

 

The List of Referees

The following is a list of referees appointed in canes
inthe Supreme Court last week

Hy Justice Andrews

Cases Referees.
Murphy vs. Shropshire....John H. Judge
Tytus v8. Solomon Edward L. Parris,
Popham vs. Chilas W. Kenton Crisp

James T
Patrick Hi

Tonn i

Madden
V halen
Judge

Doody ve. Rowe
Matter of Pietor
Matter of Fischer

Darragh vs. Kyan Georce M. Van Hoesen,
Del Guidier v= MeKeon.. James Kearney
Meehan vs. Levey Wiiham ht. bronk

Pressy ve. Levey William R. Bronk.

Special!

   

Mutual Life Ins. Co, va.
loplitz Charles Donohue,
e vs. Lebonits Jotn Delahunty Full Dress or
ant Ind. Sav. Kank ' T - és .
me Arthur D. Truas :
vs, Doyle award Browne uxedo Suits,

Guarantee and Trust

 

Co. va. Butler (2 cases)..John H. Judge. silk or $a t in
Fichbere v*. Hess kdward L. Parris :
Woill vs. Waring John i. Judge lined
Nearing vs | achue John H. Judge. , ,
peaiess of u.%.4 fist Oo. Thomas F. Donnelly $
teople, de. v* Am, loan
i Trust Go.. John H. Judge to 30. order,

 

Healt) Bond and
‘Lrust Co. vs. Wetbe!
Dollar Sav. Bank v

Isaac Rothschild
Rer

Your choice

arin : Arthur D. Truaz of Dressed and Un-
Flanagan vs, Graham John H. Judge dress-d Worsted, Crepe Cloth, Freneh
Shannon vs. Graham John H. Judge Drape and Proadclot!
Heiier vs “ieholsbutg vharies » Ulendorf Fe s auciorn,
‘Taylor va, Butler “dward Brown ; i
Sere Ne, aL as +. eee ee Satisfaction or Money Back.
butler John Delabunty
Crow ve. Erlesson Jamer J. Nealia,
By Justice Fitzgerald
New York Life Ina. Co
ve Kean Alfred Lauterbach D
Flood vs, Patton Charlies Donohue ,

Senoler vs. Williams

Solomon vs, Solomon

Am. Savings bank
HofTmire

Goodwin Vs, Rose

Clark v«. Tracy

Joseph P. McDonough,
Terence J.

NeManus
va

E. J. MeGlau.
Henry W. Bookstaver.
Willlam N. Cohen

229 Broadway, Opp. P. O.

One Door NOC] rt of Barcloy St

 
 
  
  
   
 

Marcose ve. Stanton (2

cases) S. L. H. Ward
Equitable Life Assurance ®

Society va. MeNeill Augustus Van Wyck. $
Connickavs. Raftery Joeeph P. McDonough, A Cc m
Langheim ve. Waldheim. George E. Kent . hrist as
Crenneurs Benevolent So-

clety ve. Myers Charles Putrel Problem
Pochm va. Percver Edward 1. Patterson,

Matter of Cedarluret Sta-
ble Co

Easily
Solved.

Bartow S. Weeks
Ky Juatier Leekman,
Barker ve. Keef... lewis |. Delafield.
Ky Justice Leventritt

Eleworth vs. Buckley,....lra L. Bamberger.

White vs. Shrady.... Hamilton Odell,

Cook vs. Cornwell... David McClure.

Peabody vs. O'Brien. Sampson H. Weinhandler.
By Justice Bischof, Jy,

otter ve. Feltmer........Willlam J, A. McKimy

Waterman’s
[deal Fountain Fen

USEFUL, APPROPRIATE
Great variety, styles, s i

At Dealers’ eves ywh ae
| L. E. WATERMAN CO., 167 B'way, N.Y.

 

The Pianola is an ideal Christmas Git.

| PADEREWSKI

ORDERS ANOTHER

| Pianola

 

The Pianola being placed In position to play upright piano. It does
’ pot maror infure the plano in any way. When not in use it can be

| was elected President ten porarily

| Hospitalin a trotiey car het

of low pressure on the
| tw be @row!ing to storm proportions
second and moderate depression coming southward

THe ABOLIAN COMPANY,
18 W, 23d St., New York. ;

GENTLEMEN :

| desire to order another Pianola for
use in my residence.
select an instrument in rosewood and
have packed with it rolls of music and |
shipped via steamer.
Yours very truly,

monthiy payments

See Special Announcement at bottom of Advertisement

T IS not mere chance which makes composers, pianists and musicians of all classes
unite in endorsing the Pianola, or lack of artistic temperament which causes Pad-
erewski, Sauer and Rosenthal to select this dexterous little piano player for their

own use; yet the history of the Pianola is full of such acknowledgements of merit.

It is evident that the Pianola must give areturn in pleasure for the expenditure
made, and that this pleasure must be of a pronounced character.
A afford enjoyment to every one, whether he be a skilled musician or the veriest novice, for
each is equally enthusiastic in its praise,

Within a month after Sauer took a Pianola home with him he ordered two more
tor friends in Germany, the home of piano-forte playing,

ES 6thousands of non-professional music-lovers are enjoying the coincidence with them, and
the movement is spreading, with unprecedented rapidity.
You cannot afford to ignore the Pianola if you are interested in your home

With its ald any member of your household may play upon the piano even if he or she literally does not know one notefrom &
> or two selections, but every piece of inusic ever written for the plano-forte,
ind the ja'est rag time hits are practically ‘on your fingers’ ends.”

playlug because you control the expression which is the svulof music,

Estimate for yourself the profit in pleasure the Pianola would
bring you in a single year.

Christmas and the advent of the winter is the
logical time to purchase a Pianola.
Christmas gift as it affords entertainment to the en-
tire family throughout the year.

PRICE $250.
Can be bought bs moderate monthly payments tf desired,

SPECIAL

Owing to the extra demand for these instruments during
December, much disappointment has been experienced fn ob-
taining Planolas to match pianos. To avoid this we have
made arrangements to bod instruments purchased now subject
to your order for future delivery.
tended whether tne instruments are bought for cash or by

The Aeolian Company
18 W, 23d Street,

NEW YORK.

| BEST &CO-
AR

yyrere BA

7

 

When

ts All for Children ;

         
      
      
       
   
   
   
     
    
     
    
      
 
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
        
       
   
   
   
   
 
       
     
       
      

Caaret Rios Bossoy Mowry
7th of November, 1

Will you kindly

I. J. PADEREWSKI.

 

 
 

Also, the Pianola must

Grand and light operas, Lizet's
You have all the pleasure of hand

It is an ideal

ANNOUNCEMENT.

  

 

This courtesy will be ex

  
 
        
  
   

500 Fulton St.,
BROOKLYN.

Children’s Shoes

 

 

stop to think that our immense stock of Shoes

That we carry a much greater variety of widths and
styles and sizes than can be found in other stores ;

That they are made on our own lasts, from our own
ideas, and not to be found elsewhere ;

That, consequently, we are sure of being able to fit

perfectly any child’s foot ;

Besides having special shoes for children who ‘‘ toe in,’’

or have weak ankles, or fiat feet,

 

Also Hygienic Shoes, built on a felt foundation which
heeps the feet warm and dry—

You will have sufficient reasons for buying your
Children’s Shoes of us—especially as prices are no higher
than are asked for well-made shoes elsewhere.

   

CHICAGO GRAND TRUNK AFFAIRS.

Receivers of the Railroad Turn Over the Prop-
erty to Ite Owners,

Derroir, Mich, Dee 1--On Jon. 4, 1899,
E W = Meddaugeh and Henry B Joy were ap-
pointed recetvers of the Chicago Grand Trunk
Railroad. At midnight last night they turned
the road under the name of the Grand Trunk

' and Western over to the Grand Trunk system

The receivers found an indebtedness of $16,-
000,000 At foreclosure sale the road brought
the amount of the first mortgage bonds, $4,000,-
000 and interest. The new organization pur-
poses to issue $15,000,000 fiftw verr 4 per cents
and $1,500,000 income bonds. asserting that this
will permit the retrement of the bonds and
make necessary improvements CM. Hayes

The rece. vers are congratulated here by busi-
ness people on the rapidity and success of
thew administration

RROOKLYN POLICEMAN

 

AU RT,

His Own Horse Stambled While He Was Try-
ing to Overtake » Runaway.

While Policeman Charles W > Stokum of the
Brooklyn mounted squad [was chasing a runa-
way horseon the Eastern Parkway last evening,
hisown horse stumijed and threw him, He re-
co ived aseve e cut over the left eye a f

5 ndea
and white he was being removed to the Sey oF
da fainting spell
He was cored for in the hospital and sub a:
quently sent to his home ast Ninth street

The Weather,

Fair weather continued over nearly all the country
yesterday, save for rain over Florida
and show over the Lake regtons

oom

end light rain
‘There was an area
Florida coast, which seems
There was a

over the Dakotas, and causing Wariner weather in

that section.

rhe temperature was but siightly t
pont in the Northwest
districts
erally

wiow freezing
4 it Was warmer In nearly ail
In this elty the day was fair, wind gen,
fresh noriiwesteriy: average lumidity, 65
ber cent. barometer, corrected to read to sen level
at A. M., 80.14, 3 P.M. 30.14,

‘The temperature as recorded by the oMeial ther
mometer, and also by THR SUN's thermometer at the
street level, is shown in the abuesed tabie

  

—OMeral Sun's - ¢
THOO., 1889. 1H00 Teen (hop a
ga. Mae" 34 1° 6PM.gs OBS 33
12M id 43° ms? 44° UP. Mog bar 43°
a} 43 jae 46°12 Mid 4i’ aie
WASHINGTON VORRECAST POR 4% DAY AND To
MORROW,

Por ihe District of Coium
eastern Pennsylvania, N i aon peter
western New York and western Pennsylrania me
erally fate to-day and to-morrow; ight tariable uinde,
For New England, cloudy Sunday, probably rain

in south; snow Or Trainin . .
oe ee Borth portion; fair \o-morrow;

60-62 West 23d Street.

KILLED BY HIS OWN GUN.
Joho Anderson Found Dead in the Bottom ef
His Duck Boat.

GREENPORT, L. I, Dec. 1.—-John Anderson of
New Suffolk was killed by his own gun while
ducking on Napelgue Bay yesterday afternoon.
He and his brother August were engaged in
hunting at Montauk Point. John went out in
thetr boat alone in the afternoon to shoot ducks.
At 5 o'clock his boat was discovered by Fred-
erick W. Purinton where it had drifted ashore
With ita sails allset In the cockpit lay Ancer-
fon with the side of his head blown off. Death
ad been instantaneous,

The indications were that Anderson while
steering the boat had seized the end of the bare
rel of his gun which was lying in the cabin,

The hammer must have caught in the come
ppnion wax and discharged the gun. His brother
fenry of New Suffolk arrived here at mid:

 

night and chartered a steamer to go for the
remains Anderson was 27 years old and was
single

Actor Faversham Doing Nicely.

Dr J. A. Burke, who is attending William
Faversham, the actor, said last night after’
Visiting his patient that the latter's condition
was very favorable. “Mr. Faversham’s tee
perature,” he said, “is almost normal and we
are very much encouraged, Fie is doing betiar
than could have been expected under the cir-
cumstances Al the same time he cannot vet
be considered as out of danger.”

—_—_ ee
“IT’S NOT BIRTH,

Nor Wealth, Nor State, but ‘Git Up and Git’
That Makes Man Great."

This is the motto on the letter head of a welk

known grocery firm in Watertown, NY,
Fred B. Bush & Co, and is indicative of the
| character of the men. Mr. Bush himself had
quite an experience with food in relat to
health, ashe was refused insurance three vo re
ago because the examining Physican d
he had Bright's disease and could ot uve
a short time at the best

"My own physician suggested that | ke
a radical change in diet About ¢! ume
my attention was called to Grape \,
and T began with doctor's perniss 8
this food Of course | had ber rt 6
use of sugar or starehy food, t
knew that Grape-Nuts cor
starch of wheat and borley fer

' grape sugar and in |
digested ce

‘To make a lone tors
has been a constant dist
years. T have taken no media ine
time and Tam now strenc 1!
caymble of doing a jiuad

,

So much for pure food, prop. wed
and perfectly cooked by experts at th .
ure is not a@ single (disease in the
of human ills but what can be bie lped by t

use of e food of this character a
of the drdinary eases can be cured

n"

“sie i ct INRA EN SNES r= ——— et —_————————————————— ee . LLL