cove SEW HOOKS

the Peace Conference ot The Ween

ited te «ive us

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

   

      
  

national justice, The time, in a word, had
come to make the expression “International
Law" a reality tnetend of a mere cover for a
miscelianeoia collection of mora Lrecects
and conventional rules of intercourse

The chief obetruction to toa attainment of
thin object waa for many yeare the foar that
the definite and aceanted formulotion of inter

national law implied an tropairment of national
power, especially for defence Mr Tolle mule
| nite that the conviction was based voor @ eur

' to deprectate the value of the

| has been long aware of the fact that
‘ absence of any

fous confusion between cause and effect in
hie opinion, it was the absence of anything
worthy to be called international Jaw which
caviaed universal military service and the hieh-
eat possible + Moency in warlike preparations
ty be rewarded as indispensable it waa not
militariam and all that it troplies which | re

vonted the establlehment of internat onal
jaw «During the lifetime of Bismarck, the
syatern of universal military servicer which,

under his guidance, bad achieved sich brilhant
ficcesaes, seared unassailable, even so far ns
scientific discussion was concerned To ques
tion its eMcteney in Germany involved almost
an accusation of treason, and other Contin-
entad countries followed the lead of the German
Empire, both in practice and In t In
the introduction to thia volume reference ts
made to the singular tmeliness of the reseript
ofthe Kussian Emperor, coming, as it did, after
Bismarck's death, and after the end of the
Spanish-American War, and at a time when
the shadow of a tremendous problem in the
Far Mast was darkening the horizon of com-
mercaul nations

Our author does not deem it necessary, for
the purpose of exalting the Peace Conference,
clence of inter-
national law, as previously understood; but
he reminds us that every student of that science
in the
conclusive Jegal or /udicial
method for the adjustment of International
differences the science itself waa bound
remain ineffective. It was as if munteipal
law should contain only rules of action and
principles of justice, but should = provide
no method by which the principles could be
vindicated or the rulea carried into effect
Che keystone to the arch of international Juris-
prudence would evidently have to be some
provision for a peaceable method of procedure,
however incomplete or unsatisfactory, looking
to the establisiment of rights and the impo-
sition of duties

Herein Mr. Holle finds the true bearing of
the work of the Peace Conference upon inter-
national law. The prov. of interna-

 

eory

to

lots

, tional jurisprudence regarding the soverelent

of States, the inviolability of their Chief Fx-
eoutives and representatives, the rights and
duties of aliens and citizens, the provielons
regarding national territory and the high
seas, and those regarding treaties and con-
tracts, are all bound together by the Hacue

treaty, under which a violation of rights no
| longer need lead necessarily to war, but can
be litigated and settled, no less efficiently be-
cause peaceably Whatever fault may he

| law

 

There ho ote ' er mat
an a ' rodings and the «cut
come of The be ‘ 1 The Hague
than Mr. fr wi «4 whote book upon
the al . sul tone the Mecmiilane
The a tihoue,
} ae wel ' ‘ woiceh the
} confers ty ‘i opinion
a fay ‘ 1} va thet, fe
aw! ' ' nd for hope
that Cont ye tat leus
duacend { ' this hope
wae fl fortu
mate ‘ joonber
+} ‘ wre ” pres That
le j f e work of
au vty lispens hile
' ‘ ene) ves
Bl wns ee
- Kt a b oretyce fan one
promising ' wiViTiCe
: them of the ate i farther attention
The vba oticet be
: even « w ‘ ©, soon evident,
6 anit proof of the “failure
if of tie ¢ . press vita a few ne
‘ table exceptio vif Hie its Spee ‘aa
‘ ' * and eo ad } .
} ao render ry and
a oft sini: ' f informatio hiained
ren inmee ‘ equently
y r ! e tie oMeial records of the |
{ Contere ae wn of lutely published
7 the author that wee te ‘ suid) that
and ' ' re f importance
} . the read ! eor ‘tely informed |
’ than upon the wor “ voa plished |
atthe Peace Conference and its practical value
Under the ei myala 4 it is not sunprising
, that the event ic! ivet mia plac eno \bly
in South Afr hast, since the |
adjournment o » Conference, should have |
had the effect feenening the prevalent mis-
Conception rm cart ts results and their
Importiunee Toe author ¢ this book, for
his ovny te to w the
} Convietiet t the Pence Confarenca ace |
f comp) shed a nd glorious result, not;
only in the r of , ind the |
eodiflent vs of war, but, above all
in the pro Magna Charta of |
internat rodece. thebinding together |
rn of the: ize ver federation for justice, |
and the establie! tof anermanent interna. |
' tions! court rhitratior The author's
: air is to tell. pr d exhaustively, what
I toe plie t itomoaking the book too tech- |
it nie! f the general reider After pointing |
fi out the netonces under shieh the Con-
' ference took ie, We purpose to avail our- |
felves of the velume before us to show the |
i bearing oof the Conference upon international
Jaw and potiey
/ It 4 t the regular weekly reception of
“ the dplomatic representatives aceredited to |
the Court of Bt Petersburg, held at the Foreign |
fi ome t« Wednesd Auge 24, 1898,
i that erch viclte urprised to receive from |
a! Count Me WwW Russian Forcien Min- |
fater, a lit 1 communication, which
ee! read, in part as follows The mainter ana: |
i of general ve | possible reduction |
i of the excessive ote which weigh upon |
t al! nations pr elves in the existing |
4 condition of thy world as the ideal to-
ey i ward which the «ide ors of ol governments |
i should be dir rr ntellectial and |
; physical strenet t 4 nations, labor and
oapital, are for i! + wopert diverted from |
} thelr natural anni: and unprodtectively
; consumed = Findreds of ro liions are devoted
i to acquiring terrible encines of destruction
pie which, though day regarded as the last
ei work of scien: ire destined to-morrow to
2) lose all value, in consequence of some frest
? discovery in the came field National enlture,
economic procres pnd the production of
fees! wealth are either paralyzed or checked in their |
‘a develomment Moreover, in proportion as}
' 2 the armaments of each power fnerease, so do |
FF they less and less fulfil the object whieh the
; i governments have vet before themselves |
; f It appears evident that, if this state of things |
yt be prolonged, it will inevitably lead to the |
aw }' very entaclvam whieh it is desired to avert, |
F i ‘| the hovers of whieh make every thinking \
7} man shudder ay To put an end to
these ineessant orn ents and to seek the |
means of warding off the calamities which are |
i threnteninirt he \ d suchisthe supreme |
duty whiet -d irapesed on all States. |
, Filled w this idea, t Majesty has been |
j Pleased te orter me to propose to all the gov }
i ernments whoee representatives are aoc redited
\es to the Imperial Court) the meeting of a con-
ference wl ild have to oecupy itseif
ow with this gray iblen }
Phy oposed conference was held at The |]
Dare Hague. Now ys | it the reat. Thes
ar: th he mau v’s final chapter. He
bewi: v tel us that, in econsidertng toe |
1 eter © Peron ferenee tporn the ferie |
‘ oft ' tliaw and upon the futur oley
of «4 ot Powers, the first faet to be bor |
fn inind inference itself should
be regarded the oul meoofl a sudden i
tidy imptilse on t e Emperorof Russia
g but as the nat ted st inevitable can- |
ay i Bunmiatin ere and tendeney in
a | Burepean diploraaey, the beginnings of whieh |
4 i ' date back to the Meares of M4 phalta. When |
} the Conference y ret caved, indeed, its |
} Connection with * intelleetur jentifie |
; And piillosopine a iniversal and
eterna) perce was + isi iby innumerable |
) artioe: and diss tlons ving a great |
¢ deal of erudition and research. It seemed |
@iMieult for the daily papers t discuss the?
reseript of the | wror of Russia without !
allucionstothe “Great Plan” of Henry IV. and |
Bully, the Kasay of William Penn, the work of
| the Abbé Pierre and the well-known pam-
Hf phiet of Kant on “Eternal Peace.” This view

of the purpose of the meeting failed to grasp

   
   

 

 

 

; cavilization

|
|

lomatic assembly | oppose Islata

Jt an essential characteristic of the Peace Con-
ye i ference, to wit, Its diplomatle nature, The
j i gathering at the Hague was the lineal de-
ty By) i scendant, not of the innumerable peace con-
te gresses held in various quarters of the globe,
 f) i but of the diplomatic assemblages called for
ee 2 the purpose of solving an urgent problem, an
} [ of furnishing guarantees, more or less per-
manent, of peace between the Powers repre-
4% genied diplomatic assemblies beginning
With the conferences of Minster and Osna-
r brick in 1648, and including those of Utrecht
in 171 of Paris in 1703, and, reall, the Con-
if ere ’ Viean ’ and that of Beri;
i isck there wowever, a vital distinetion
7 between the gatherings vast mentioned and |
ars & & \ the Peace Conference ot The Hagne
% The difference is that all of the former were
be \ held at the ene of «riod of warfare, and their
A first important object Was to restore pegce |
| i) betwoen actual bellwerents, whereas the Pear
s Conference was the first diy
f : colled to discuss « utees of |

      
   
  
   

 

ev ; & reference to any particular war, past, present | inhabit the Ottoman finpire, and the racial
= / OF Prospective No doubt, all the otner gather- | quarrels which prevent them from combing
° ' just named had » the oblect of pro- ' awainet the Turks
Vilog amarantees for aK manent a peace “s ~
f as > o maible at the time: this was not | °
ably ice of the Congress of Vienna held at | The great epochs that mark the history of
: the clo e of the Napoleoni convulsion That | Constantinople previeus to ita capture by
HH. irtiewlar Congress fixed the general outline ; the Turks may be indicuted in) a paragrap?
iy boundaries between European nation | The first epoch, that from the foundation o
¢ inner which has scareely been | the city by Constantine to the reign of Justin.
Venet the impertant exee; tions being the jan (A. D, 825-527), is one of contraction. T!
problen Alsace-Lorraine to the German | Empire was invaded by Goths, Vandals and
were fizoN e subtroction of Lombardy and | Huns, and, though the two former peoples
under the fm the tlapsture dominions Ihe | were successfully removed from the pros 4
3 etrt ' for theted alter these general lines | east of the Adriatic, they founded kingd:
¢ the hist of théhat of national consolidation ‘in Spain and Africa, while in Italy the Ger.
4 following that hisg Poss:ble institutions. The man general Odoacer deposed Romulus Aucus-
Whe nationalunity at of this problem fills , talus, Emperor of the West, in 476. Hence.
3 by Ital nd Germa -five vears immediately | forward, until the coronation of Charlemiuie
, Eurene was alle to corkathering at Vienna. | in 8 introduced a new order of things, there
wared to e@ a stale v had been gained | was but one Emperor, who resided at con. |
} : —- f Je, but claimed a theoretical, ul
Zz national relations; the equili “neater part of | stantinople, bu ‘ . iy — u. a tlh
elictitiy alfected by the shifting!tte what ap. | more and more shadov ’ sovereignty over the
German frontier, The more (Ali of inter- West. The successes of Justinian (A. TD °

well as historte, causes of friction bh, being only

this reveved, no inswpesable obst® Franco

: f Da lederat of the civilized ‘fate, as

. ¢ \fre-

‘ rs
. , * '

\

 

found with particular provisions of the treaty,
the latter, considered as a whole and as the
embodiment of a principle, must remain the
nucleus around whieh, be diseuesion and ad-
Judication, a more perfect body of international
laws may he framed

The “Parliament of Man, the federation of
the world” for justice and for ever: universal
civilized interest. that, according to Mr. Holls,
is the concention which found its best, {f not
its first, #lustration in the Peace Conference
at The Hague. The latter exemplified some-
thing akin to federal codperation on the part
of Powers exhibiting a disparity of size and
strength, measured hv the diTerence between
Russia and Luxemburg, or the United States
and Servia, and having interests as diverse as
those of Switzerland and Slam They could
all act together eMicientiv and amicably on the
one secure basis of equality internatioual
This conference represented, in a word,
the direct negation and opposite extreme of
the idea of a world empire as conceived and
attempted by Casar and Napoleon. The prac-
tical objection bas been raised against the
endeavors of the conference that, if suceess-
ful, they would make diplomacy supertiueius,
or substitute a race of international petti-
forgers for the eminent experts in an art which
it has taken centuries to perfect. On
contrary, Mr. Holle belleves at for all
shrewdness, the tact, patience, soeial grace
and “repose in energy,” which hitherto have
been the chief characteristles of a9 fal
diplomat, there will be a creater demand than
ever. BKesides this, there will now be sought
the learning, and, above all, the power of ex-
pression which can vindicate a country's cause,
if necessary, before the judgement sent of a
tribunal exemplifving fo an infinite! higher
degree than was hitherto attainable the ideas
of international justice

the

! the

sulle

Southeastern Evrope.

‘lhe papers presented in the form of a hook
entitled Turkey ta Europe (hdvard Arnel 4),
are the outeome of an attempt prosecuted
during some vears to learn the real oo:
of Turkey and of some neighboring countries
The specifiy design of the author,
under the pseudonym of ODYssres, ie to treat
of ‘Turkey in Europe; and although he speaks
incidentally of the modern States of Grioce,
Servia and Bulgaria, his aim is to give an ac-
count not so much of them as of the Greeks
anc Slavs who inhabit the districta which are still
ivcludedin Turkey He has added a chapter on
the Armenians, who, likethe Turks arean Asia‘ ic
people, whe, again like the Turks, have
invaded Europe Such loree of them
live in Constantinople, and much of the
business of European Turkey ts in their hands,
that the Armenian riots of 1898 raise many
interesting Inquiries, with refer * not merely
to Anatolia, but to the whole Turkish Empire
In the earlier part of his book the author offers
a brief historical sketch of the countries which
we now call Turkey and the Ralkan States,
from the foundation of Constantinople up to
the present century The chapters next foliow-
ing treat of the origin ond charactertatics of
the invading people, whose presence is the main
cause of the peculiarities which to-day distin-
gulsh Southeastern Europe Still other chapters

 

WhO Wiles

bodies

so

 

q | are devoted to an exposition of Mohammedan-

{em and Eastern Christianity. It is pointed
out that tho chief reason why the Turks have
never been assimilated by the Europeans who
surround them (a# has been the case with the
Magvars, Bulgarians, Finns and other peoples
who were originally pagan \siatics) is that

shen they appnared in Europe they had alread.
adopied the Mohaminedan religion and with it
acertiin amount of Arabian and non-Luropean
On the other hand, the inability
of the Iivzantine Kinnire to res tho Turks
was due mainty to the dissensior, tween the
Eastern and Western churches, whieh rendered

 

 

 

 

| it impossible for Christendom to unite and

Finally the author undertakes

ceace without | to dase ribe the various Christian peoples who

865) and his generals, Felisarius and Nar. |

in Italy, North Africa and Spain, and the ...
sertion of the imperial power over the Fis p
of Rome, who had begun to make himself ceit
as a political factor of importance, produced
a movement of expansion, and made the soy.
ereignty aseerthd by the Byzantine Emperor

THE

 

in the Weat a reality for a brief period It
was, however, the peeuliarg destiny of the
Rastern Fimpire ty eooture no reat throughout
ita hietory ne ener wae one enemy diapoaed
of than another appeared the Lombarda
sroceeded the Gotha and made considerable
conquesta in Italy while the Pimperors were

engaged In fliting the Persians in Asia and
in Be eo that, when the next
epoch-moaking Binperer, tferneh came to
tone, hia Weetern poss na comprised
merely Stolly, the eateeme south of Italy and
a Harrow atrin atretehing obliquely from
Ancona and Ravenna to Kome The enerey
and ability of Heractios enabled him to erush
the power of Persia in the Baat, though he was
distracted be a:multaneous attacks from the
Avara in the Weat Bot hia reten (AD. 610
641) is especially remarkable as forming the
best dividing point between anctent history
and the Middle Ages It presenta three inter-
eating f atures
Reman in origin, but has now hecome definitely
Greek, Secondly, paganism has vanished,
and the Emperor and hia subjects appear as
the champions of Christianity. Thirdly, It is
in this reiwn that the great antagonist of Bast-
ern Christendom enters on the scene In
A. D. 628 the Prophet Mohammed summoned
both Heraclius and his adversary, Choeroes,
King of Persia, to embrace Islam, and, from
this time for upward of eight centuries the
Byzantine Empire had to struggle against
the races which professed the new faith. In
the first stage of the struggle, Constantinople
twice successfully resisted sieges by the
Arabs, first in 672-677, and, secondly, in 717-
718 and, though the Moslems made progress
in Asia, Leo the Tsaurian may be considered
to have reasserted the «upremacy of Christi-
anity in what is now ealled the Levant. Mean
while the separation from the West was be-
coming more decisive. The struggle agatust
the Arabs left the Emperor no time to resist
the Lombards, who in 759 captured Ravenna
end the other possescions of the Empire in
Italy. The iconoclasm of Leo LIL and Con-
stantina V. alienated the religious sentiment
of Rome, and the Pope first invoked the help

the Sinwe resp

the ¢

 

of Pepin, King of the Franks, to protect him
awainst the Lombards, and finally in 8, |
crowned Charlemacne Koman  Fmperor

Henceforth, the eparation between Rome and
Constantinople was complete so far as as secu
lar matters are concerned, though the final
breach between the Churches did not occur
for some tine

On the whole, the ninth and tenth centuries
marked a period of prosperity for the Empire,
notwithstanding the definite losa of its hold

upon the West As Mr Brooks Adams has
pointed out, Constantinople then attained
a unique commercial importance and en-

Joyed long spells of peace.
of the ninth certury, it ia true, a somewhat
humiliating arrangement had to be made
with Harun-al-rashid, and the Saracens took
Crete, and, subsequently, Sicily lhe Moslerns,
however, became divided among themselves;
the Buhawids broke up the Caliphate of Ba -
dod, and the Emperors Romanus and Niceph-
orus Phocas recovered Crete, Cilicia and
North Syria: while in Europe Basil, “the Bul-
garian slayer,” made the Danube the frontier
of the Empire, which it had not been since
the reign of Hervelius, and established his
rule over the Balkan peninsula The eleventh
century characterized by two [mpor-
tant phenomena, to wit the appearance of
the Seljuk Turks, and the final separation
of the Eastern and Western chur: hes (A D 1054),
which left Christendom, split
by internal dissensions, face to face with
@ reunited Islam In 1071 Arslan defeated and
captured the Erperor Romanus IV. at Nanzi-
kert, and amid the anarehy and chaos which
ensued, the Seliuks advanced unopposed in
Asia Minor At last in tost, Alextus Comnenus
foreed himself to the front and founded the
House of the Coraneni, which ruled a hundred
yeara They relatively siceeasfi) in
keeping bock tle Seljuks, but they were har-
assed b
mans, and then
commerce declined and Itvlian influence in
the Levant rapidly increased The most
momentous feature of this period, however, was,
of course, the Crusades, which, like most acts of
intervention by We-tern burope in the affairs

 

was

vere

the Veretians Byzantine

SUN, SUNDAY, DECEMBER

Firat, the Fimpire, which waa |

but their dress, manners and inetitutions che

tinwuished then <iartly from their Slavonic
heighbore. for, while the bitter were poverced
by ronny ehiefe te whe the paid but sonnet
obedience, the Hulearian Khan wae an aber

isolated from hie enbieete by a
etiquett and
nlone Ihe Buleariane
possenser alaves and a well-ct tined
and probably had most of the chartetet-
o formidable

ite monarch
reorous
obliged even
alan
army
istios which rendered the Turks
aA power ‘Thair moet remarkatle trait
their receptivity They adopted the lananaste,
and, to a certain extent, the manners of the
Slaveand a considerable mixture of blood took
place, modifying the orlainal physical type
It In not known at what period the Bulgnrians
became completely Slavized, but it was clearly
before their conversion to Christianity (A 1D
804), ax St Cyril and St Methodius were able
to preach to them in a Slavonic language

Our author ean find nothing to prove that
they had not already come under the tnfluence
of the Slave at the time when they dwelt north
of the Danube, and had not as yet invaded
the Empire

It is in the retgn of Constantine 1 (A D
668-685) that we fret bear of the Bul@arians
as an independent power, thorgh they are men-
tloned aa accompanying the invasions of the
Slavs as early as the relgn of Anastasius (A
1) 491-519) In the third quarter of the seventh
century, they eettled in the district of Ondloe
(Bujak), and subsequently in 670 subdued
what were called “the Seven Slavonic Tribes”
of Moesia and occupied that province, The
boundaries of their kingdom were approximately
those of the modern principality of Buls aria
and the capital, Peristhlava or Preslav, was
near Varna. Constantine 1V., exhausted by
his efforts against the Arabs, submitted tamely
to the establishment of the new State within
his dominions, and his son, Justinfan Rhinot-
metis, at one period courted the ald of the
Rulgartan chieftain By the beginning of the
ninth century the Bulgarians had grown 680
powerful that they threatened Constantinople
itself Their King, Krumn, appeared before
the gates of the Imperial city and might, per-
haps, have taken it, had not the Greek Army,
alive to the critical situation, deposed the
incompetent Michael I, and proclaimed Leo
the Armenian as Emperor, Adopting a method
which was beginning to become charactoristio
of Byzantine politica, Leo I. endeavored to as
anssinate Krumn at a conference; but, when
this plan failed, proved that he was a soldier

ter of

Oriental

ent

wis

‘ as well as a diplomatist by inflicting on the

At the beginning |

and weakened |

new Western encinies, first the Nor- ,

| of his own inthe Western provinces.

of the Rast, were doubtful biessings to those j

whom thev devened to. assist The

first of these expeditions did indeed aid Alexius

were

to recover Western Asia Minor, but the Dm-
peror and the Crusuders subsequently fell
out, and, as a consequence of the quarrel,
the latter founded the Latin states of Syria
It was reserved for the Fourth Crusade in |
1204 to deal the Eastern Empire a deadlier

blow than any it had yet received from Saracen

or Turk. The House of Comnenus had been
seneceeded by the feeble Angeli Militare
and f neial disorganization led to the loss of
| Bulearinand Cyprus and to a disastrous Selink
war fhe Braperor Alexius Angelis involved
himself in foreign quarrels; Venice and the
Italian Republics grew bitterly hostile to Cone
startinople, and the Pope regarded the Pim-
perorand his ehurel) as scliematies, In these

   

circumstances, the Crusaders, instead of fleht-
ing the Moslems, attacked and captured Con-
stantinople, established Baldwin
as Latin Emperor, while the Marquis of Mont-
ferrat made King of Salonica, and the

ev

ere t)

was

Bulgarians a defeat so crushing that we hear
little more of them for fifty years These
conflicts with the Empire naturally brought the
Bulgarians into contact with Christianity
Ultimately their King, Boris, was baptized, and
after some hesitation between the rival claims
of Rome and Byzantium he ended by acknowl-
edging the spiritual authority of the latter
As soon as the Bulgarians had accepted Chris-
tianity, their advance was rapid and conspicu-
ous Simeon, the son of Boris (A. D. #92-
927) founded the firet Bulgarian Empire, which
extended from Mesembria on the Black Sea
to the Adriatic and included the greater part
of modern Macedonia, Albania, Servia, Dalma-
tia, and Greece, leaving to the Byzantine Em-
pire little besides Constantinople, Saionica
and Adrianople, with the territory Immediately
surrounding them To mark clearly the posi-

 

tien which he claimed, Simeon assumed the title |

of Czar or Tsar, which was thus used in Bul-
garta when the Russian nation hardly extsted
It is doubtless an abbreviated form of Cmaar
and indicated that he who bore it thought
himself the equal of the Byzantine monarch,

Simeon also did his best to introduce Byzan-
tine civilization arnong his people, The civil and
ecclesiastical institutions of the new State
were carefully modelled upon those of the
Empire, and numerous translations irom Greek
ecclesiastical works attest the existence of a
certain degree of religious culture, The first
Bulgarian E:mjlre, however, was shortlived
Simeon’s suecessor was not strong enough to
keepthefabrietogether, Thewarlike Lmperor
Nicephorus Phocas invited the Russians, who
now appear for the first time in the Kastern
question, to assist him in tnvading Bulgaria.
Internal dissensions broke outin that country,
anda noble called Shishman foundeda dynasty
John Zl-
mesces the assissin and successor of Niceph-
orus, found, as:nany other rulersof Constantl-

nople have found, that the Russans were awk- |

ward neighbora; but, by his prompt and de
aisive naetion, he drove them out of Bulyaria
and back from the banks of the Damibe He
also entirely destroyed the Eastern Bulgarian
Impire. The Western part, nevertheless, re

| mained independent under Samuel, the son of

Venetiana took many islands and part of the |

mainland of Greece. For some fifty
the Greek Emperors lived in exile at Niewa in
Asia, and southeastern Europe was in @ strange

 

 

 
  
 

years |

state of confusion, created by a patchwork
of Greek, Latin and Slavonic principalities
foe Latun Empire was merely a congeries of
military adventurers. [t reposed on no sound
national or political basis, and it made no friends |
in the Fast. It was n rally the enemy of
evervthing Greek, and it was unable or un-

' willing to combine with the Slaws, who as de-
siring an expansion of territory at the expense
of the Greeks, would have been its natural
allies. It came to an end in 1261, when Michael

, Palmologus ree aptured Constantinople, where

| his house reigned until 1453

Meanwhile, the Latin conquest had perma-
| nently reduced the Empire. During the half
| century that Baldwin and his successors held

, Constantinople, Slavonic kingdoms had been
firmly established in the Balkan Peninsula,
Albania had become the Despotate of Epimis,
the greater part of Greece had been divided
among Latin States, and most of the MTgean
Ixlands had passed into the hands of Venice,

 

 

In Asia, the Selfuke advanced again and a
crew of Buropean adventurers called the "Grand
Compat whom the Emperor Andronicus

 

Il. hired to defend him, proved as great a curse
as the Turks themselves. Bad as things were,
they were to become worse. In the first half
of the fourteenth century appenred the Otto.
man Turks, who rapidly swallowed up what
scraps of the Iimpire remained in Asia, and
vited over to Europe by the
cumene to assist him against
Their conquesta were as rapid
side of the strait as they had
wr. In the middle of the four-
teenth century the Greek Emperor had nothing
left outside of tal except Salonica and
a portion of the Peloponnesus, and became a
vassal of the Sultan, The westward movement
Tin fr eentral Asia and the over-
throw of Sultan Bavazid by hitn gave the Greek
Empire a litte breathing space, and Manuel

 

were unwisely |
Regent John C
the Servians

on the westerr

  
  

' been on the ot

at

his eay

of mn

Paleologus recovered parts of the European
coast, Had Christendom been able to form
any coalition against the Turks at the moment
wh they were tacked by Timur, the case
of the Empire would not have been desperate

but the opportunity was allowed to slip, Mos
hammed I, again united the Turkish power;
Salonica was captured in 1430, and Constantt:
nople fell in 1458

iW.
Who were the Bulgarar Originally, they
akin to the Finns, Huns,
| Avars and Pec! . forming part of what
is often called the Finno-U erie stock. Start
ing apparently from the same regions as the
Vuns, they first settled on the Volga, where
a kingdom known us the Greater or Black
Bulgaria continued until the tiiteenth century,
but part of them early passed further West and
came in contact with the Slave. Nothing is
known of their original language and religion,

were an Asate per

   

}

Shishman (A. D. 999-1014), whose capital was
at Ochrida, and whose dominions extended
from the Danube at least ag far south aa
Janina. Thia State was finally conquered in
1018 by the Byzantine Emperor, Basil I, gen-
erally called Bulgaroktonos, or “The Bulgarian
Slaver.” who after a desperate struggle of
thirty-four years, annihilated Bulgaria and
broneht the whole of the Balkan Peninsula
under the direct rule of Constantinople  Ac-
cording to a tradition, he took on one oeecasion
15.0 Bulgarian prisoners and blinded al! ex-
cept 140. whose sight was spared that they micit
lead the eveless host back to their masiera.
When Samuel saw them he died of grief

It was a hundred and fifty years before Bul-
garia recovered from this blow, and emerged
mrain as an independent power The new
State was founded bv the dynaaty of the Asena,
and fs often spoken of aa the Viacho-Bulgarian
Empire The name Vlach is applied not only
to the inhabitanta of Roumania, but to the
tribes scattered over Macedonia and Thes-
salv—particularly in the Pindus Range—who
speak a Latin language Our author thinks
that their present distribution can only be
explained by the supposition, not that they
have migrated from Roumania, but that they
are the descendants of the Latin-speaking
population which occupied the peninsula before
the Slav invasions. This does not mean that
they are, neoassarily, of Latin race; but it seems
probable that {n the period preceding the Slav
Invasions, Latin was the language of the Ba)-
kan Pentnsula, except on the Brean coast
The Slav invaders overran the valleys, and
the Latin-snenking tribes took refuge in the
hills At any rate, the Vlachs are at present
scattered {n a manner which accords with this
theory, and almost always Inhabit moun-
tains, while the plains around are ocenpled
by other races Thies georraphical distribu.
tion explains the double character of the second
Bu'eorian Empire, for in the aame district
there might be a double population—the Vlachs
of the hills and the Slavo-Bulgarians of the
platns At this period the Tlach element
seems to have been particularly important,
for Thessaly was known as the Great Walla-
celia, although the centre of the Vlach~Bul-
garian Empire waa not in Thessaly or South
Macedonia, but at Tirnovo Though ft ts
pronounced probable that the founders of
this new State were Vlachs rather than Bul-
garians, the Bulgarian element was prepon-
derant amone their aubjects, and the empire
of Aven IT seems to have as good a right to
the title of Bulgarian as had the empire of
Simeon The earlier princes of the dynasty
contracted alli . both polities! and mat-
rimonidl, with the Kumans, a tribe allied to
the Turks, who, togethor with the Pecheners
for Patvinaks) appeared on the Danube in the
and twelfth centuries, and made
incursions Into Bulgaria, which, in some cases,
resn'ied in permanent settlements

The onthresk which originated the second
Bulgarian Fm ire was oceasioned, it appears,
by the exactions of the Emperor Teaae Angelns,
who collected taxes with extraordinary rigor
in ofder to meet the expenses of his court
Two brothers, Asen and Peter, having in vain
demanded redress, proclaimed a revo't ond
announced that St. Demetrius had left his
shrine in Salonica, and 1s a sign of special
favor had taken up his abode in Tirnova, where
ther established the capital of their new State
The soperstitions andgrievances of the peasantry
assured then: a favorable hearing. The Bul-
garian® rose against Isnac Angelus and suc
cessfully resisted his attempt to subdne them
The national tendency to dissension asserted
itself, however. Asen and Peter were both
assassinated and were succeeded by thelr

‘

nee

 

eleventh

SSS SSS sss Ss

|

9

1900,

younger brother, Joannitea. of Kalevan (ead

Joho, Whee nates! abliities and exseention
aily faeonpatis opportunitiesr ' ad ty yee
the Muwarian Stet ' firmer f 'e Ile
Whe shrewd enouseh fo deree considerable
advantage from the branch oetwecn baster
tel Weetorn Orit ot w! h ¥ repidl

‘idening, and he carried en a outions cor

reapondence th Pope Inoorent which
ended in the deepatch of a Papal Leuate to
Tirnova, whe crowned Kalevn ua (/ ioua
Iacorimn ef sloarer Aw aoon na he heard

of the capture of Constantinople (200) Khaloran
offered bia arma and ameistance to the Latin
Pmotre vith a rude
and unwise rebull and he waa even told to @ive
iy to the Latine the territory which he had
taken from the Greek Erop tre Phereupen
he made an alliance with the Greeka and de
feated the Latins at Adrianonle ‘The Latin
Emperor Baldwin himself waa taken prisoner
and perished mvateriousiv in eaptivity Wher
he had avenged the (neu'ite of the Latina, Kal
oyan turned against the Greeks At the head
of his barbarous Kumana he masancred the
Greek inhabitanta of Thrace and Macedonia
and finally besteged Solontca Here his evert-
ful career came toanend He diedin bls oamp,
naasoasinated by a member of his family, in
1207, and his dominions lapsed temporarily
into chaos. Bulgaria searned about to disap-
pear from the map when Kalovan's son, Asen,
who had fled to the North, returned with a band
of Russians and seized the throne

The reign of Asen IT. (1218-1240) waa the most
prosperous period of the second Bulgarian
Fmpire, and, perhaps, of all Bulgarian his-
tory. Thea weakness of both the Latin and
Greek empires rendered him the strongest
potentate in Fastern Europe. Like his father,
hé wished to be on good terms with the Latin
Empire, and was a eandidate for the post of
Regent during the minortty of Baldwin II
He was not elected, and angry at what he con-
fidered a slight, he formed an alliance with
the (reeks, His Empire comprised the modern
Bulgeria and Servia (in-juding Belgrade),
Macedonia and Albania, and according to his
own boast, he left the Latins nothing but Con-
stantinople and the cities around it. If we
keep In view how troubled were the times,
and how blood-stained the annals of his pred-
ecessom, his reign will seem to have been
marie] by extraordinary peace and material
prosperity. He was an ardent patron of arcni-
tecture and the Church. Heo filled his capital,
Tirnovo, with magnificent buildings, which
made It second only to Constantinople in beauty
and eplendor, and he alao built and endowed
a large number of monasterias in different
parts of his dominions. His Empire, how-
ever, Was not more stable than that which
had preceded {t, and broke up immediately
after his death {in 1241. Our author deems it
unprofitable to follow in detail the compli-
eated intrigues and insurrectiona which com-
posed the remainder of the mediwval his-
tory of Bulearia. Rent by internal dissen-
Sions, the unhappy country was attacked by
Tartars from the north, and overshadowed
by the growing power of Servia to the wast.
The two Slavonic States came into collleion
at the battie of Velbuzhd. The Bulgartins
were utterly defeated, and thenceforth may
be for some time considered aa the vassals of
Servia, until the decline of the latter Btate reos-
tablishedequality. It is an Inglorious feature of
this period that the Bulgarians were allies of
the Tu ks, and assisted
Greek Empire. Corps were formed called Voinik
composed of Christiana, who, in considara-
tion of their tavas being remitted, served under
the Ottoman standard against their core
ligionista. The last Bulgarian Ovar became
the vyessal of Sultan Murad, and gave him his
danghter {n marringe. In apite of such oon-
cessions, Bulgaria waa doomed. The power
of the Southern Slavs was annihilated In 1389
at the battle of Kossovo, and four years later

His overtures were met

 

 

that loome open the memorg Attila

the
deoutee of 4° tone, Aware and Turke
tie Cihaye de, the Mametuka, the Golder
Horde, Jenghie Khan, banerlane, the rt
Mow, Mohnnmed the Conqueret The
have tuled from the north of Affiea to the
ehoree of the Paeifie they hate aent expe
litione against Vienna and againet Japan
ey have reigned in Ruaea, in Pereta, In Chinn
and in India and, although their empires lave

tly eral, a Turk ett at pen
the throne of Constantinople, and @ Manelu
on that of Pekin

The earliest Information respecting there
races comes chiety from Chinese aources, which
describe under the general name of Bluna- No,
the tribes tothe north of the Hoang: Ho against
whose incursions the «rent wall was built of
thetr early westward movement® We have no
indfeations except the appearance of various
hordes In the West) but it ls clear that In the
fourth century of our era a movement toward
the Urals and the Volga tock place This n

been tho ephe

gration is marked by the atill exiating settle. |

menta of Samoyedes and (atiake on the Asiatic

' side of the Northern Urals, by the Finns, Lape

and other races fn North Russla, and by the
Mordvinians and Cheretilssians on the Volga.
Subsequent movements, of whose causes we are
equally lgnorant drove the more important part
of these tribes the Huns, the Bulgarians and
the Avars- southweat from the Ural and Volga
against the frontiers of the Roman Empire.
The name Turk appears tn Chinese as Tu-kiu,
and in Greek as Tourkol as early asthe fifth and
sixth centuries of ourera: in the last ten vears

| Mahdi and of the

monuments lave been discovered onthe Yenisei ,

and Orkhon rivera, which throw a light on the
pre-Islimie civilization gf the Turkish people
The most important of @hese ia an inacribed
memorial found pear the latter river, and
erected in 788 A.D, to one Kul-Tegin by his
brother Bilgo Khagan. The Turks seem at
that time to have had two occupations, pastur-
age and warfare, the latter elther on their own
account, oraa mercenaries of the Chinese, They
were excellont horsemen, and the spirit of mil-
itary adventure was favored by their pecullar
institutions, in pursuance of which the roungest
son usually inherited his father’s property,
while the elder brothers went out Into the
world to seek their fortunes Among them
were “lready noticeable the special instincts of
discipline and order which characterized the
followers of Jenghiz Khan, Timur and the
Osmaniis, whlch, unhappily, has nothing
to do with good government, but merely mahes
every man render unquestioning obedience to
his military or official superior. They possessed
analphabet which has a superficial resemblance
to runes, due to thefact that it is composed ex-
clusively of vertical and oblique strokes, with-
outany horizontal line. Th y had, however
no written law or sacred books, Thetr religion
seeins to have consisted of the worship of the
sky and of the five elements, earth, water, fire,
wood and metal, oriron. The old name Tangri,
or Heaven, is atill used in Osmanli Turkish for
God, but the ancient religion seers to have had
little lasting effect on the national character.

| Its most important characteristics were nega-

them against the +

the Ottomans burned Tirnovo and destroyed |

the last vestige of Bulgarian independence.

1m.
1t has seemed to 1s that the author’s outline
of Bulgarta's med'mval history deserves par-
tleular attantion because it ts relatively un-
familiar to American and English readers. The

annals of Servia are comparatively well known. |

We pasa to the chapters {n which the earlier
records of the Turks are summai.zed. We
should first callto mind that at the present day
large parts of Asia north of the Hoang-ho,
of Thibet and of the Hindu-Kush, that is to say
the regions vaguely described as Mongolia,
Purkestan and Siberia, are inhabited by people
who may be conveniently treated as forming
a linguistle unit. Their languages may
divided into four families, the Manchu, the
Mongol, the Turkish and, fourthly, a more
miscellaneous group comprising Finnish, Mag-
yar and a of tongues,
The resemblances between (hese four families
lie in the structure rather than In the vocab-
ular but all the languages are sharply dis-
tinguished from those of the Chinese or Ar-
the speakers are surrounded.
It seems clear that at the present day there is
he racial urt
unit, and it is not clear that there ever was.
Many Finns are physically undistinguishable
fr Swedes, The original Huns are always
Keo of asa pecs! arly hideous race, but the
Masyara are among the best-looking people in
Europe, and show no trace of the physical
type commonly called Mongol or Tartar. Very
many Osmaniis exhibit a Caucasian type for
which there are obvious reasons, Since their
arrival in Anatolia and Furope the Osmantis
have continually intermarried with the Kurds,
Greeks, Slave and Albanians, and the practiae
of contracting unions with foreign slave giris
has still further mixed their blood, espectaliy
in the richer families. Even before they ap-
peared in Anatolia, they had been long in con-
tact with the Persians or other Iranian races.
The earliest known inhabitants of the modern
Bokhara, Ferghana and the adjoining districta
were apparently Iranians, and we can hardly
doubt that the weetward-bound Turks took
with them a considerable admixture of Iran-
fan blood,

The fdea which underlay the formation of
the corpse of Jantiasaries--that of creating a
military organization the members of which
had severed all their natural tles of language,
country and famly, and were untted only by
discipline to their chiefs, and by a secondary
acquired language-—was evidently a char-
acteriatic product of the Turkish mind Our
author suggeste that probably similar things
had been done in central Asta. In that region
military powers of one kind or another were
forever rising and falling; confederations
would take the name of their most important
tribes; the vanguished would lose their ape
pellation and be merged in the victors. The
name Osmant! is an example of what may have
happened in many obscurer cases. st ia now
applied loosely to any Momeim in the Turkts)
dominions, and those who use it most striedy
would never hesitate to give it to all Turkish-
speaking Moslems. Many of the latter, how.
ever, must be the descendants of the Seljuks,
while others are descendants of Chrisiions,
whereas the original Osinmaniis were merely the
tribe of dependents of Osman, and, for a long
period, were not only distinct from the Sel-
juks, but at war with them At the present
day, the name Turk generally denotes a Mos-
lem speaking a Turkish language, while Mon-
gol designates a Buddhist speaking a Mongol
tongue. In earler centuries it is not so exusy
to draw the distinction
both a M and a Turk
was apparently a Mengol, but his son was
called Jagatal, which word in Turkish is the
recognized expression for the Fastern dia-
jects of the Turkis!: language

If these people—Turks, Mongols, Magyars,
Manchus and other so-called Turaniane —he
considered as a whole, the part which they
have plaved in history must he recognized
es a large but a strange one. Their ey ntri-
butions to ert, hterature, science and religion
are practically nil Their destiny has been,
not to instruct, to charm or to improve, hardly
even to govern, but simply to conquer, Their
literary sterility bas deprived them of the
fame which the scale if not the grandeur of
their exploits deserves. When one tries to
piece together their obscure and fragmentary
ne, it is but a catalogue of terrible names

 

number less known

yons by whom

 

s

 

nivo

be!

y corresponding to this lingulstie |

|
|

Tirnur has been called |
Jenghiz Khan }

tive: there was no troce of any organized priest-
hood, or other Institutions tending to settle and
control the traditional soldiers of fortune, In
due t'me, however, the Turks came !nto contact
with both Christlanity and Buddhism. The
former was Introduced Into Central Asla by
Nestorian missionaries through Khorassan, and
{n the fourth and sixth centuries we hear of
Bisiops of Mery, Herat and Samareand.
Buddiism was, apparertly, imported rather
later, In the Sixth century.

From the third until the end of the sixth cen-
tury A. D., the Turks played a considerable
part In the affairs of China, which is passed
over [n the book before us. It is more to our
author’s purpose to notice that they came into
collision with the drnasty of the Sassanids
in Persia (715-039 B. C.), and pressed persis-
tently westward toward the southern ex-
tremity of the Caspian, waging a continual
war, which {s described by Persian writers
as the contest of Iran and Turan. As the
Greek Empire waa also at war with Persia,
the Turks seem to have thought that they
might make an alliance with Byzantium agatnat
the common enemy. In 562 the Turkish Khan
fent an embassy to the (ireek Emperor. He
proposed to act as an intermediary for the
silk trade between China and Byzantium.
but his overtures were refused. From the
time when a section of the Turks entered the
service of the Abbusid Caliphs, and in their
name exercised temporal power, all educated
persons are conversant with the principal
events of Turkish history. We need not review
them, therefore, but turn to 4 chapter in which
our author endeavors to define the practical
effect of the chief doctrines of Islam on the life
of the nationwhich professes them

Iv.

The outcome of his brief examination of the
Subfect seems to be that the effect is in the main
cramping, stifling and sterijizing. At the same
time, it is pointed out that Islam has another
and vivifying side. Probably no svstem has
done more to encourage individual liberty and
reaponsibility, despite formality, despite
ite despotism, despite the fatalism which it
teaches. It is the most unsicerdotal religion
in the world: it recognizes no sort of priest,
and calls on every man to save and justify him-
self before the Almighty. The most solemn
ceremony performed by the Caliph as head
of the faith does not differ in kind from the
daily prayers of the most illiterate peasant.
The sense of {ndividual importance has its
exemplar in the Turkish soldier, who is the in-
earnation alike of Islam and of the Turkish
race. According to military experts, he has
not only the passive obedience of tha Slav,
but a readiness in finding expedients, and an
individual initiative which are rare in the armies
of other countires. Islam has strengthened
and hallowed the sense of discipline, the un-
questioning submission to authority which
have always characterized the Turk; but, on
the other hand, bry inculcating in every man a
feeling of his dicnity and a conaciousneas of
his responsibility, it encourages and enlivens
individual effort in the few spheres wherein
those who profess Islam are able to show
energy. The Sultan may be a Roman Emperor:
but every Turk is a Roman citizen, with a pro-
found self-respect and a sense not only of his
duties but of what is due to him.

Our author also credits Islam with the tem-
perance which it preaches No doubt the upper
classes In Constantinople drink conaiderably,
and drink with the deliberate intention of in-
toxicating themselves If we put aside, how-
ever, this section of society, which justly may
be described as contaminated by European
Influences, it may be safely said that the great
majority of the Turkish nation, soldiers, peas-
anta, merchants and the learned professions
never touch alcoho! Against the moral value
of this abstinence may be set the position as-
signed to women: nevertheless, any just eriti-
cism of Mohammed's legislation on this subiect
and ita results mus? not lose sieht of two points
First, Mohammed did not invent the seelusion
and sub‘ection of women He accepted with
some improvements the current Arabian ideas
on the sublect) The svstem of the harem is
in its origin not Moslem, but simply Oriental
The only reproach that can be made against
the Prophet qn this seore is that by too definite
legislation he rendered subsequent devel: pment
and reform impossible Secondly, thoce who
talk of the deeradation of Mohammedan women
world do well to remember that in Mohan
medan countries prostitution and Ulewitunacy
are almost unknown. It is true that only the
jeneth of his purse and the temper of bis lawful
wives - both of these restraints are very effective

its

  

ie

  

ns which a Moslem may contract
with slaves, but the offspring of such unions
are legitimate child-en, and inhert’, share and
share alike, with the children born in wed! ck
\ Moslem woman is newer free, but, on the other
hand, it is almost impossible to imagine any
circumstances in which she would be east on
world without a protector A certain
olidarity characterizes not only family rela-
tions, but all Moslem society There are no
paupers; Biving alms is not a mere theoreticn!
obligation, but an essential religious duty realy
discharged. It may be replied that there are
many beggars. There are, and the Spectacle

the

 
        

 

unplensant, but from the beeeare poling ot
lew, could they, aake oF wither sven be
fo their ow fines | “|
¢ st wet il it '
i @ ’ ait ' ’
na and lnerative to eit beweing at etrent
era than te the inmate n ’ «
efitutior (ine thing corte \ em
hegvare never atarwe Neith lela want
ein more intelle (oaleccellenctes ie 1
he atripped of ite biblioiatry, and if the feral
connection between religious and eeenlar ing
ould be eevered. the mar alioplictty of te
cardinal doctrines, ite calm neceptance of the

existing order of the world ! eupertar te
explanations based on emotion and a@entinent,
rod ite dl@nified resignation to the will of G d
must command approval and @eympathy
Those who have devoted adequate and impartial
attention to the life and work of the Propet
moatly admit that a feeling of admiration and
respect domingtes their moat eritical eattmnateg
of him and will not refiise to toin in the modest
benediction which generally accompanies his
name, “God bless him and grant him peace”
Our author thinks that any aatimate of the
Influence of I4lam in Turkey would be mis
landing without refearance an important
phenomenon, to wit: the dervishes The Por.
alan word dervish appears to have meant
originally @ begging monk, though not neces.
sarily or usually a celibate, but [t \# now often
loosely applied to the members of any rell-
gious confraternity. Thus the followers of the
Shetkh Senust are often
stvled dervishes, although their pecullar tenets
seem to consist chiefly in an attempt to return
to the primitive conditions of the Moslem
state, and they have nothing {In common with
the traita and teneta of the Turkish dervishes.

rielr

ou

Of the latter there are several ordera, the

i

|
|

|:

moat Iinportant being the Vektashis, the Mey.
levis and the Rufois, the two last named being
commonly known to Europeans as danoing and
howling dervishes: they all poesess certain
common pecullarities. The specific ritual, or
method of imparting mystica) doctrines PTAC.
tised by any order is called its tarig, or road,
and the members are said to follow such and
such a road. In Turkey, side by side with
the rigorous orthodoxy of the Mollahs, the
dervishes supply the element of mystery,
ceremony and excitement which the populrce
love, and which Motammed probably would
have disliked. They appeal to the hichest
and lowest forms of religious sentiment. Edu.
cated minds flud pleasure in the pantheistle
speculations of the Persian poem calied the
Mesnevi, while wonder-working s ints, holy
tombs, singing, dancing and quasi-magical
ceremonies please the vulvar. The dervishes
are far from believing with Mohammed and
his orthodox followers that God has reve ved
the truth In “aplain book.” For them the
religious man is not 80 much a believer as 4
seeker after truth, and his life is a journey
through several stages, of which the last is
absorption into the Deity. Their religious
terminology is full of auch expressions as “the
knowledge and love of God,” which, however,
bears a more mystical and less personal meine
ing than we attach to it. Our author ex.
presses the opinfon that Mohammed would not
have Hked the phrase, and and would certainly
have explained it as sigoifying “fear God and
read the Scriptures.”

We are told that dervishes observe the Moe
hammedan forins of pra er, the frst of Ramae
zan and other ceremonies; that they have al-o
their own characteristic form of worship enlled
Zikr, consisting of the repetition, aomet mas
eontinued for several houra, of some religious
formula, euch as “There is no God but God,*
or the@hinety-and-nine names of the Deity.
The formul® used are almost all of unime
neachable orthodoxy; but the apirit of the ner.
perormance is widely different from that of
the Namaz, or orthodox mode of public wor-
ship, as its object is to distract the devotee’s
mind from earthly things, and, finall:, to throw
him [nto the state of trance or ecstasy called
hal. The repetition of suoh formule can no
doubt be defended from the Sunna, or boole
of traditions relating to the Prophet: but It
{4 evident that the whole doctrine and practice
of the dervishes contain a large pre- Moham-
medan element which is, perhans, Indian in
origin. The connection with Persia {fs une
mistakable. Some ‘of the Sheikhs most rae
vered by the dervishes came from Persian
sneaking countries, and wrote in Persian:
they are on good terme with the Shiahs, and
share their peculiar respect for the Caliph Ali,
It is well known that this personage is the chief
subject of contention between the Sunnite
and Shiite sections of the Moslem world. The
Sunnites oonaider that All was simply the
fourth Caliph, neither greater nor leas than
his three predecessors. The Shiltes muin-
tain that he alone was the rightful successor
of Mohammed; they reject the Sunnite Caliphs,
and esnectally exeerate the memory of the
first three who kept Ali out of his rights,
and of those who were responsible for the
murder of hissons Haasan and Hussein. Some.
how or other Ali has become assoctated with
mvstieal and heretical doctrines; his admirers
are anenected of considering him not onlr the
eqnal of the Prophet, but an fnearnation of
the Delty. Hence among rigorous Sunnites
he oecuples a somewhat equivocal position,
similar to that of the Virgin Mary among
Protestanta.

We observe, finally, that {t is dificult to
explain the position of dervishes tn the Turkish
world. Thay cannot be sald to be unorthodox,
for nearly every religious man {sa lay member
of one or other of thelr orders. Thev profess
an unostentations respect for the externals of
Islam, and they have a great t' uence among
the people. On the other hand, their esoterio
doctrines, as expounded in such a work as the
Persian poem before mentioned, the Mesnevi,
cannot be reconciled with the natural meaning
of the Koran, and there !s a deep-seated anl-
mosity between dervishes and the officlals
of the established Mohammedan Church, such
as Mollahs and Softas The Mollahs are bene-
floed clergy in receipt of some small salary
attached to mosques and other pious founda-
tions; the Softas are theological students,
There are many thousands of the latter in such
religious centres as Constantinople and Cairo,
but the reason why moat of them have adopted
the learned profession is not by any means
a@ passion for theology, but a desire to escape
military service, which can only be done by
professing one’s self a etudent of roligion. If
ones accepted ina Me ‘rease, or school, they are
practically provided for during their Itves,
and can lead an existence of almost absolute
idieness. Their chief oocupation consists tn
learning by heart treatises on Moslem ja’
which ther make no attempt to understands
they are often unable to read or write. These
larve bodies of fanatical and tenorant men
mostly between the ages of 20 and 40,
without regular employment, are a constant
source of danger, and are sometimes broken
up by the Government. 1t would, apparentiy,
be an illusion t) Imagine that the average
Turkish dervish {s less {gnorant and super-
stitious than the average Softa, but, according
to our author, he is far more gentle and lesa,
fanatical, the writers whom he studies, are,
if more extravagant, less cramping, and ®
further he travels on the rond t) panthelam
the more tolerant does he becorne T

 

  

pune
theism, however, is closely allied the dangerous
doctrine that, as both good and evil ev from
God, there is no difference betweer m.

It is obvious that such a tenet can be «safe.y

 

    

 

    

held only by the few who have reniiv mastecsd
their passions and extinguished thelr destres,
Our author apprehends that many de “
find it easier to understand that the pr l.ble
tion of such thinus as aleohol does r ply
to the elect, than toattain tothe corres; 01 ing
stage of self-control M.W.H
Why He Came on That Dar,
“T was greatly surprised on Thar i
} said Mr. Gostington, “ta hear a
wene sav street the wagon the 7 rm
travelling knile sharpeser, a wor ‘
Whee's, betokened byw othe sonndin, 18 Tne
milar gong | it seemed sorprisioet ! ®
commonle observed he id ar : i
should be abroad at werk, but nn 8
borant or short-sighted this wy I to bea,
for this was the day of all others for the ”
Svuarpener to come around to shar cen tle

last of the knives that would be used in Gasvéiag
the joyous turkey.” —