THE CAUSE OF WOMAN,

  
 

Juat here te frund the fallacy
hae not heard of that recent

 

natura order
On whieh IL mete
The pf reence

 

 

    
   

=e we Virginia cectvon Tt thos eontiouee
naerarene wre it} fat werthy of attention that the
now Mt ve © oTmte VAR. fhovemen! (ar secalled womane rlajta ole.
wenn tor lnated sgene i fidela, @her tics, s@ncation a
lother mierraante @ho deny the divine ortain
Hee StH Unatatte cad Independent, en@ ary, ;
Therefore Shoald He Abaliched., They wy Apert hm n p lesan, Hishap Spaulding, Aishop
. . . on Weman “at. ew ' oO PONntinine
far Sicreters bene Balrane Mameae Seine one may nak, if ont we heawde of fam
trage in Preetier The ewrag there ar Hlowed to fete, why pe it allowed ty
. ste ara? eo rpenne done with Mow men «he oe not merneds Perhope
cote at the recent 1) weld he «ice pot te allowthem Weawill
, * hot Paes ha © © * Whenoor Gaewernment
¢ t | fie ' (rasa je a init @fanta th wehbe * AA pen as jt Aas rien,
‘ a af it ‘ table An uneertaln by wie@al fer hatheiethe beqtofayamils
nan de wed Phere be lega mend Chere be editors
¢ enarded tpier and boty are there te prdound, tomecal!
a eceiee tw tthe three aqunl aufffa@e@ — ranger, \q< the following
Brag h wert "Me ry four vente nee " tal thot the eoman eo And vate
4 Aa the nwt tne tar mad jet the man
‘ A critle s year There “fay at vorectil mindthe babe® Well madara,
' ahie w that women are the divine MAN iioat nh the eeanarns
afer mnae botit pleases the Botha ata has «p thas the meat
the head a uw \r maument aunt
t . t the bottom of ft ! ‘ i ! u
! ! en “at the dot ' that Wi any ration ontrery
«t wore edoin ¢olerade in tout u" ryt the wrong direction
is ae tire Por {State Ciovernment waa ate s there shold b ring -peerk
’ of dont the woran's brent, (hie inspired
, ‘ te le al taf
ovr ‘ ind ail e i 1 \ ‘ ns éditns acinice
erie t he women did t At the Presi faut 4 h lintine@ ta gaunen not to be
dential election two vears later the State wene Pion ftoveowe lust in the san # seta beset
; ie oS ; aed ‘ tis bamuioting tobean onvel ff the hene
over! aly Popualist, « Deme ratic, and atthe he part AR aie forint lisakinn to bie
the hep cans declared “.t was the woman's | polis, he would he chilis Donel t niiowed
ballot Now it has gone about half and half, to cot Ini ne treated ithe
and Republleans, Dermoecrate and Populista “s a = eee wel tal - alan }
shoutin cherugs: “That's what comes of letting appeetcat” fart that hecannet vote fo
ween vote!” The women themeelves, “dey ae ‘ srheror Ader Phe reason
- — atl bera oe he «an n m«
lay low” and don't teil anybody (uat how they setisfied with the divine ordering cf things
did vote, while the auifragista in various parte as we shoo ld ben

are choekiing with delight be
cCaline two of these “tates gave a maorty for
McKinley and two for Bryan, and therefore
neither party can claim @ taonopoly the
woman's sullrage

Nothing {s more needed in politics than an
ancertain vote, The advocates of the en-
franchisement of women always bave claimed
that they would cast an independent ballot, and
the resulta thus far justify the assertion, The
opinion usually has been expressed that they
wouldrun after strange codsor, in other words,
would support the Uckets of the various “re
form” parties which filaure in every election
but the actual experiment has proved that
they are sensible enough to pre’er helding
themselves a balance of power between tie
two dominant parties to compel the nominauon
of worthy candidates, But does it never
cur to the politicians tin other Stives to prepare
for the day of judgment by aligning them-
selves on the wide of woman sullragea, aod thus
laying a foundation on which to base a ciaim
for the votes of wormen by and by? There is
bo doubt that they Jl be enfranchised in
other Western States in the gear futue and
he wise party will take steps to secure Uils
result. ‘Svomen have shown that they know
bow to punish as well as to reward

The papers are -tili having fun at the expense
of poor “Generai’
badly defeated for (Congress in Wyoming,
and the Marquett# Mining Journal observes
that “when be said tne woman's vote was easy
% wet, he meant to get in the neck.” This
gentieman hinge! comes out with an indig-
nant deal of the charge made against him,
and says

| brand this statement as an unqualified falsehood
I never beard of or bad any communication with
th: Ant-Suffrage Assocation In any way, at any
time, anywhere in my life.

Woien the election was veing held for the Wyoming
Co situtonal Convention, and distinguished Re-
yud.tcons were scouliog the idea of woman suffrage
bolo; engralted in the constitution, | pubilaned the
Prot extended argument in the Cheyenne 7 ritune,
los sting Upon lis beng embodied ip the constitution
biob ib mgt be pervetusted as the orgauic law of
toe State My opinion bas never varied as to iw
justice and propriety, believing it to be an in-
PD

of the country

of

 
  

rd

 

Value,
herent right of citizens!

We can believe that the General never said ,
those horrid things about the woman's vote, |

bul when he says Le never heard of the Anu-
Sulirage Associaion, that ls too much for
butnan credulity!

The cultured Boston papers are greatly die
tressed over tne fact that there was one fight
in © olorado on elecuon day. The Couner
bis ‘It is Lrue that no women were engaged
in ft and it was all tone by men, but what can
be std for (he induence which woman suffrare
fs aileged to cave Lad upon the reugher ele-
ment in polices? Why, sumpiv that there is
an element in every ljarge city like Denver
watch the Christian religion of nineteen cen-
tu. les has mot been able to eradicate, and which
@i) the Cotuohes, all the schoo, ad the news.
pipersand all the good people in the com-
Tuunity cannot civilize

the Boston Hera: draws from this one and
only fight reported from those four Wes‘ern

 

  

States, with their conglomerate population,
the mournful cor sion that “the participancy
of women in political matters has not pro

ed that amelioration of partisan asperity
“nit was sometimes assumed wold follow.”
fis true, ‘tie true, ‘tis pity and pity ‘ts, ‘tla
tree,” but it would be more conducive to good
government to disfranchise the mer who did
the tlehting than the women whose “amelijor-
ating” influence was needed in #0 many places
Unal pare Was not quite enough Ww go enurely
round,

The two davehters of Secretary of the Navy
Long, who have heen in Colorado for the past
vear, voted in Denver at the late election,
and he went out to see how well they did it;
or perhaps he went to protect them from being
ostled at the polls, hut whatever the cause,
e went, and this is whas he says about it

| have always been In favor of woman sufra
because I never could understand why a citisn who
paid taxes and had an equal stake tp tne gorernment
should not also have a voice in choosing officials w
@dinin ster it

Pror to the election there was no undue exctte-
Ment the ereat mass of women, like the eteat mass
of men, were about their ordinary business There
Were some worien, Os ther: were @ greab wany meu,
who were talking politic and acting on anmmitters
for securing the registration of voters.

On election cay [was at tie polis at one of the wards
where there were more than 1,000 votes registered,
end where Avy actually voted Nothing could be
more orderiy or tetter corducted, Men and women
Lined upin the usuel fashion, taking thetr turn atthe
ballot box, and after depositing their votes went about
their business A few women and a {ow men, per
haps more men than women, were active in bringing

  

 

 

   
   
 

 

  

fowrs to the po a Hut there was nothing tw Jar >
the most sensitive spectator, On the contrary, it | my statement C€ will ceive a few sentences |
Was the exerecss, in a tec ng Way and in a fine ! “eg eee , ; ° .
Spirit, of that wuterst wideh every eitizen, man or Ovl¥ from the chief exponents of the woman's \
Boman, ought to feel in such an important event j suffrage movements in the modern world |
esa Jresidt election, Tue tendency of woman “| wh thir oa h it
a tn ele . ; ome n thfa countrs” has nothing to do with it—

eure xe ie ° vale and broaden and not  degen- mv stitement rac not lniited to America--

x pal neither will T Mrolt the ansver

Cu other sublects the word of Secretary Finhbert Owen sare “In the new. morn!
Long would be necented, but there ia no eve world the Irrational names of huehand, wife

          
 

  

   

    

  

    
   
  

    

 

 

 

Thompson, who was s0 |

Amen and amen

 

 

 

| If the Cath

i te an orwan
Vol°e In uve
Misrahe thi

{'n Washi a 1

faduention of we
colleges in the ca

  

 

     

 

  

 
  

a * DY Lhe score
" sfone m i) i’
pel “ Ine !
Nel Vote they af
i I ohictor
wee
aqui
n
{ter av e the rebelbon
‘ ind sirone ena ict Yeverthrow ¢
supreme intasticoe whieh deorve.s women af
viv neovernmeoenial aff
Lhe ollege Equal suttraie eue,orKer !
Messaeivisetts lt tepring an yibustrs
it began with Ralevitte nd row embrares
We iles ts sinith, Moeuwrst  tolve -
ton lL niversity Putts 3") the — dnest te
Feclinoioi tominitiees of nuete
eradiates have beeu formed | ' f
heve coueges, and there are aleo many
the itv in each who are strong beli vers
in woman's entr nehise t These « title
fees grrange for qectings with prominent
Spoakers, Te divtrip ition iterature, A&e,
Whee the colleges af Massachusetts are tilly
oreinized, those of other suite wit! be brevet
into the leagre. It has etercd a prize
lor? for the hest essay an the enfranchise
ment of women by astodent inone of the Wbove-
meniiowed Instit tions The poe alrediy
has members in the universities o, Yale, Penne
j svivania, Swarthinore, Cherlin, Kansas, Wile.
Feonsin, Michigan, Women's Collese of Baltl-
jroore, MeGil university, and Leidelberg,

; eermany
{ Women are nothing ti not persistert. While
the mens campalen clubs fell to picees after

     

 

election, those formed by women are going to
continue, In many places, for political tudv
| One of the jireest organizations of the vatter
fis che Women « Democratic Club of levetand, |
, Ohia It seoured over filtte Republican voto.
for Bry n. The leacing rit is Mre. Locisa ,
Southworth, so widely known for ber bene-
factions, She issaidto have givenimors mousy
}to the woman suffrage enuse than any one

| person in the United states. The elib holds

| tnans of ii meetings in her palatial home on
Proapect street, and has now thoroughly re
organized for permanent work,

-

That will bea beartifnl sizht at the opening
of the bavaar Monday aight the reception to
Susan B Anthony, lizab th Cady Stanton, Isa-

bella hecoher, Hooker, Mary A Livermore, Juua |

Ward Howe— five of the moat distinguished
wromen of this or anv other country Visitor
on that occasion will have an opportunity
| of seeing how pioneer cuffragists wear the royal
crown of elghty vears.
Ipa Hvstap Hanrar,

 

WOMAN SUFFRAGE.

 

The Rev. Thomas Diton's Measons for Con-
demning It.

To THs Ep:torn oy THe Scn--Sir’ A word
tn reply to mv female eritic who attacks my
recent Boston lecturaon “The New Woman ~
i To begin with, Dr Anna Staw did not sav
, anvthing sbout being compelled to “desoend
. inte depths” in our foint debate in New York
| Upon the other hand she was iminensely nleased
\ with her evening's work and came back in
| two weels and filled our mupit on my invita.
) ton in the Academy of Music in the most cor
| dial way possible
' The point 1 made abont monogamy was
‘amply this: The male is in his tnturored
normal Instinets polygainons, the feroele nore
mally monogamous Monogamy is the crea-
tion of woman, and is the present unit of the
| State, aociety and civilization We becin
{the study of international law, for exanynle,

  

 

THE

erous element in any legisiative machinery
fi le a force that when aroused tramps law
and aeclal conventions under foot Vith bine

wer it forme the tee elemental fosme of sen.
tient etietence Elun@er haa for tte and the
reservation of the individual + attrac.
op hae for tia erd the preservation of the
epecias Thee tee elemental forces whe
roveed to ther full power acknowledae na
jaw eave the law of their aan merements ta
their deatined end

The wamen whe wanld enecead as politi-
Aine iq our fe would necessarile be magnetic,
force ol real these pereonalities under eertain
eootiane ehen wourht in aantnet with
atiteanen af equally poveerful masculine en-
downmenta lhe sola qrevieat etateamen
nave heen found wanting when matching
their pawers aeainet the charne of forceful
womer Alexander the eongquerer of the

sorby waman,
erenture

world, was reduced ton draunker
ard ‘is orriee with thie reel«tles

 

eaneed the lose af thangonds« af valuable | vee
and the bhorning af the fairest cities of Vata
Minor The Pooeror dostiotar the granteat
tyfesman ond awinver of the Raman Eoipire,

the

  

mode the vilest woman of Pane Theedora,

Powe nal sovereien, placed herby his «ide or

' veo tie world ind her word heorme the
jive of every home SoD rotield reeall the store
(mace and tntony, Frederick the Great
and the Princes of Condé Tt « anonel The
jotroduetian af euch oa fares in lawnakine
right open the bhiekest @ulf of corruption
the nation ever saw fo assure aimeral gain
for wa nar’ outrage [sto neeome everything
' hetoiog te he neavan. not qsenmed
het mv fair eritic grows cevere Hear her

rdte wonder san etines
rather overestimate

  

One | in |

enaf hte eatihber da not

  

   

 

     

thale eapabiiiyv to inerire the tender senti-
menta of wemen Some women are getting
rather tiredof betngte dby men ‘You are not
ft for anything else in fe heennae vou lave
Hees much Come now. raiater tio.
per, this ta hardiy fale | have never hoasted
fanw powers of fnsririma “ter r eentiojente”
hot hen dered by the havee wrought by the
fair ones, Lorerely eee, to save our masenline
lavrmakers m anrihilatior 1 honmst not
lfearandtremnhb eat vourrower Itisa power
th * eonds reason white it orevokes paaston,

would stab fe for the sake of ri!

and dame all mankind for the sake

 

 

 

   

 

JN, SUNDAY, DECEMBER

 
 

i Om

I beta that the balict is phveieal farce and
fe the ane duty oof man Hack of every
bebet is a bavoenet it not the work of
were Ilere fe the higher more delleate

1S} hetter?t edta he aneure

Thisis net ate efnnenonmity. Many
prerohere have nmewly indereed
the + verment alr sonse they were too
avv ar tna ty ' ¢ * serlousie Their
Ndorsament means test is much as thelr ®ige ,
natures te scoras «f woideat echomes preesed
on the ‘ a rn that they met
orstudye oa e orice It's fer to sign
food men hive heen kk: nto sun a petition

hove ther se ves } wed Their ndorse-
mentof Woman's suffrage tn niany cases means
s much PHomad Dinos, JK

Map Stadies for the Nation.

A German maguz ne tels the story of an old
French farmer miny peraents of
trance, had antmmoderately er arged jiea of
thes goof lie great country. Some one brought
him, one day. amap of Purope to see tf it: ould
change bia preco cepton» as to the extent of
hispiivelacd Theod man feun! Fravce in
{ta litde ec rner and ron his finger along its oute
lines Tlhenhe traced the boundaries of some
of the other courtries and finally followed the
bord-raof Ruropy around the edges of the map
The» be turned oway, sadly ean og tLe head
and vitt ring only (wo words, “Not lirge.”’

No book or argument could have g ven him
ao vivi: anidea of the comparative n-lg:ifi-
cance of France's fraotion of Europea The
story illustrates the preat advantage of good
maps. whch is that one miy obtain ‘rom them,

whe, like

‘ata clance, a ciearand accurate impression of

the facta treated ewhich could not be so
viiidly presen'ed t) the mind by many paces
of written desoription

A map pubiished in Germany in May last
may be cited 18 ano her iliustrat.on of tits fact.
The purpose of ‘he map isto sbow the sea in-
dustriea of the Oerman coasts. With the Ger
man genis for cartography and the invention
of symbols to denote facts, a great deal of im-

| rortan and interesting information Is
given without a printed word or nus
mera!l. The pumber of recular steame

‘ship Ine, vessels and docks, and the amount

j by tracing the evolution of monogamic mar- i

| Piage as the unit of the State, nation ana eo nal
| organism, on which inte: national law rests
| The woman's siffrage movement seeis to
destroy this dual unit. man-woman, and
| Substin:te Instead of the farnily, the individual
Stata If it aicoeeds it will destroy monogamy
| as the basis of the State, ard the ballot and
family life, as we underatand it, can not survive
two oenturtes of such a récime
This statement of hisvoric sociology makes a

| te reason and begins tosny things Hear her.
| Mr. Dixon is challenged to produce one, frst

one gifted exponent of the (female) beliot in
thls country who declares marriage unnatural

| and tne family hateful”
;

of tonnage of each port, the total saa
trade of each port for 1808, the shipbuilding
eontres and number of dry dooks, the fishing
ports, he towns where fish curing is carried on,
the chief fish markets, the routes by which
fiah are taken to Berlin, the distribution
along the consta of the fisheries, population and
other information are shown with perfect legl-
hillry Themap gives an admirable birdseya
view of all the tndustrial relations of the Ger.
man coasts to “he sea

Gers.an eartorcaphy has reoently been ate
tracting attention by laborsin a field to whioh
maps have not /itherto been large'y devoted.
Various map houses have een pubiishing many
ahoets like thot {ust mentioned, giv ng one or
another phas« of the kmpire’s present develop.
mentin respect cf industr al activitv, colontal
expansion, sea power, merchant marine and so
on, The most conspicuous example of these
works, whose speciil sim hor to show
georraphio features butto denio® the resonrees
of the Emnire and its achieverne: ts and tenden-

is

clea in the world of work, t# undoubtedly
Paul Langhans'’+ Deut che Kolontalatias, whioh
ihe comrited in i807 after five veara of
Inabor No otl.er mop product is a finer
illustration 0 the great varety of
informatonthit may be clearly shown ona
map sheet These odrede of mans presart

man or woman as the unit of society and the |

| woman suffragist eo furious she invariably ceases |

| man Ras, Afnica w

Linight quote volumes of matter to prove |

 

   
    

 

 

 

  

     

' man publisher who

   

to th: ichat earrograpty can ehow of re
reenleo' themuton.!| and intelle tual activiiy

 

  

 

   

 

of theG muah peons tie word over «van to
ther mse rsa) dacheoo's and thelr progres fy
agriculture and trade oid in tropica: coloniza.
ron. Phe solom oneof the best examples
nrece t vere of superior produet result.
ing froin tho erittcal use of a weet amount of

good ortograpiie miterial in the compilation
ofanatlias, «he pources, for example, upon
which La ghans based his map she ts of Gare
2 375 maps, while 186 maps
~tin heprevaral on ot his New Guinea
vin his Cameroons sheets,

e are the nip makers in our own
try who will enter this fleld of + ational
cartesripby? 4 great opporturity awrite the
s ableto at forth on map

     
  

cou

siete he facteof our resourees ond their re-
ator o our industrial and comm-*recfal
sunremacy with German thoroughness and

fidolitv to truth and something anpnroaching
Gern.an cartowraphic exceliance In no way
can thes: greatfaets bo so wel collated forthe
cenveniont use of bu
onmas: and there would be no lack of market
for such mops if thew did inartes to the subieets
treiie. audtothe present advane d methods
f the cartogrartic art

 

UNWATERING AN ANCIENT MINE.

American Enterprise Doing in Mexico a Work
That Hamboidt Planned.

 

mining operation t« betnge
in the Guantuato dis-

interesting
month

An
completed this

triet, famous as the richest mining territery
n Mexico, in unwatering the Sirena gold mine,
which, after being worked by the Mexicans

eines the vear 1350, has been flooded and aban-

, doned ever since the Mexican war of independ-

dence that vauld be produced which would parentand child ill he beard no more eee
have any \ ht with an é Woman Snfra- | GLitdren ell undonitactle be the propeete
f "7 : Paid ‘ nS Muatration of this w a & | the whole community "
r artford, Coun, last week The Cor Mr Relfort Rax. tn hie hook. “Onutlootre From |
buolshed on interview with a Mre léha New Standrcint,” Pace i23, ant “Cory
of Colorado, w Was visiting that city, in | cca that in [nada op eleewbere 1 aydden ad
Which sie expressed Coinions unfavorable to | Pee demand for party ntrences arose, and
woman's voting. Were Jan Brecher Hooker | phar much lune on its haine immedttele eat
at op oe cer othe ¢ rot This rater ven: intied Reena eae that wx 9 1949 reeert
We, citizens of Colorado, desive. asx lovers la famata mamher of the parte ware, with ut
of truth and (usties, to give our te ny to bans hepeeritien nratrence to cell ber Nady for
the ue of eqnal suffrage Ve believe the Me mone peeded. would not thic be a eam.
greatest good of the home, the State and the mandabie so 8 8 Oe Tl Ghe. cea. Chere
bation is advanced 1 Hs coperanon 7 athe home and family life with this cade of
1 evils predicted live t con pase. | nica?
The nme + ee de been secured | Willlan) Moereiaeto whose provsevanda Mica
rare | rhb GI oa vy ade a perenne! eantribiutie x ”
Afi mr expressions of this nature, | a meee 8. : ‘Marri ate : 14 neder
tie tes nial eloses The vote « women | evicting conditinns f a the fow
Ie nottitenbly more consciention thar which en innch twaddle ic talked
of men, and Wil be an important factor in | 1 ai . nat aaiea tha wane
t ting about a better order This was | b cnapiok e anait sie Hikawe wchte a
7 Y ed by four Gove reeand ex-Covernora | Oe! on title avide hat thee enh wa erme
CRM hat State, two t Sen ORG | i. iinderatahd the apie and encin! ime
°° Oris ’ two ' (onatress j ha ~ aes vit move . =
t a ; ' i" ' \ Md aT nd aaonce than) of under tondin:
s ‘ of Ayyy ala r dudees of the on ites ft os ‘the a at
Tit : 1 2 ry. Nuchtor and | tr ey ve a r the life «?
Tre State, th paher cf AtApAhoe | Phew tae aa the chameiona at the hare and
“erhe ' ‘ he “ ; vith an ed aeoiiv—and mans of charm ravlle oraineoepeet,
toria “he ges Mayall ' 7 ‘on es ae Hein indeed and truth ite 1 er arias ond idenis
sis - \ and wet ther are + lent ne terwon
aha . See camia@ Cihac n which male anffease
ac w en ¢ a, ig ta : tr wonld be fn wore it met on pranat
bs raced
. ; std ' 1) Ltravelevery vear allover the States tte side
tryt vernors, & } the Rocky Mounteing ineln ting loredn ond
nreme 4 ' the | Weoming, and rr cheervotion Des been thet
[ye ' J reomin's su Teare in our new Store. anderdrels
' ‘ t : : . settiad ‘Territaries fas as \e eroonstentead
: . * 1 i ee 2 eo ne thing. ‘Wtter nee nee Tr ho
the neart be it t har ete ipearote its bief in ‘te
the / i a social in fuencre Tt will raccuire teen centuries
InsuANA ' : ‘ j at least " atria In Cel
t sh ' hi f enna ale refers | tha wl!
t diate * a 1 : len tr se eA AN te im oll elec.
“ ow oun rape | tone? The visitor in lenver
‘ ail fy develo ad ta its <ihlime
me fety veare af "| heights cond Cth, the nial avtl
Mounting it. eorrlet fae throne tid hleeke
he Feceenan Raw | of the vere cantce af the cits 's life in the moet
5 kode « nf i edj. | sha nelecx and — ent a" ta be fourd
: ' t Vin, aps ty of the vd
a rae 1 } t (“Pea The oly read erence T eon cae hetwoen
‘ a’ deelar ttn thraw . Colorado and New Vort's electorate in that it
a rite tre i Pai tokesTIVOMhollintea tt there to elect a Con crresa
; i , Ceenioh | man herewith male enfeacen 93.000 Tf morriace
‘ | hive ’ A renresentatice tytton, this dug ation
r do ve mva 1 ‘ ; he hallat is stunidic verlece Yf a woman
} ' ‘ ‘ votes and votes with ber husband. what te the
‘a nat ‘ Fone Nove Tf ehe vates, and daon't
tw “ow dit ¢ with her troshand ther what’? Then
e ' o! Diarnestic life ne rew aeoentad eannat
t it ndividisl, is the social) 6 ve for twa eentories the shack of the
The ma 1» shy divine appointment moeeiane of palitieal wrae lige in whieh real |
! of the fanulw © © © votes rep fasten re involved At presest moareace Is
’ .% Tpat t moar the head (a representativa  inetitutian The cenane
t ~ ts vine fact) The theers of . shows that ninety-four women in every hun-
suffrage makes of the family a mooster dred morry Man <fmnlv dane the voting as
at sith two heads, an abnor: i * © © the real or possible head ofa fanilye crann
in doing this it runs counter to the divine, a Sex attraction would be a novel and dan-

ence in 1822) There nre at least nine miles of
workings in the old mine and it has taken two
veirs’ inbor with powerful electric pumps to
remove the weter already in the workings and
to fight t heer flow It waa 1,000 feet
when the work began Now it is less than

e ne
cleey

four if,

hundred feet

Just how much of the workings remains to be
nncoveredand what there isin andbevond them
Record keeping and chart
in very primitive fashion

ne cre knows

moking were done

by the oll Mexiean minere As the clearing
ef the mine has prospered curious relies have
come te teht In one place, far below the

moter level, the explorers eame upon a stable

 

helf fall of skeletons of mutes and men whoa
had been emirot there oe the rleine food life
is cheap in Mesica and no one could be found
whe remembered ever having heord that anv-
boree hint beeen my . in the roine

The Sire bo the fret of the old mines in the
ditri he watered The projeet te enor.
rived) covet bys New York company, and it indie
oes th new channelin whieh modern mining
method. an the old distnems cun. The come

aking an immediate profit
old workings and treating
the Mexican miners with

pr eonnte or
going over the

the are amt ot «hie

ther node power ind hand Jaber could ob-
tain ne paving resuits Llectricity ix heme
need where role power failed, and when the
water is all out ef the nine the workings will
be dr foeper than the Mewreans could ever
have dreamed of opernting them

the sine method im now being undertaken
in other jarts of the district A German svn-
dicate bas aeqnired the famous Valenciana
none in the same vein, out of which manr mil-

 

hens have been taken br the Mexicans ANn-
other ein the Veta Madré vein, whieh rune
throveh the distriet, vielded the King of Spain
e17 AHO in royalties The omwatering of
Toe mine. hoe been discussed since the time

ef Humbeidt, who had a protect for doing it
by driving a oinnel twelve miles long into the
vei, but it is only now that American enter-
prise has given a start to the work,

cs SSS el eS Sn Sn eee Seles sees siesenuuspmncemaee

 

 

ronwa worth ARAN

 

The Meretiet.
Ob, Cam the worrrei@n of the eens
The deapot of the deep
Prom pole to pole. where the brealers soll
My tosaing realm do

My creaking halk les logged. andioe
1 wallow in the ware

When the tempest ratis my tattered eatis
Flap forth a requiem stare

  

Vet the clipper. feet on snows wing,
The liner, wit and atrong ‘

The war dog aray on tte sullen wag
Vield place when I lurch along

The captsin and Bie cringing crew
Gio white beneath the red.

Aslroll near they know the fear
Of Davy Jonee« bed

The flagship Tofthe graveyard flees,
That haunts the salt highwap
Task nofee rigat merrily
Tb ing death and diamar
MW. Poot.

 

Christmas Gold.
From Mina

Inthe heart ofthe mountains the dwarfs were at work,
Hammering and digging and melting.

 

lhe earto thes turned up was all yellow and bright,
And 't wilthered again os it caurht the light.
What can it le- this metal se pure

It is gold they are working so Sard to procure

But one (ithe dwarf wpe soon tired of work,

And he erent to the mouth of the cavern

Nature's mones were sparking ai) over the enow
And the thessand warmth set the dwarf's heart

ag

“Ob, why should we work ont of sight of the ‘%
Forman, who's uneratefil wren all's sald and donet”
But. hark! afar of an inspiriting sound--

The Cyartstisas bela pealing and ringing.

He sprang up at onee--to the town quick'y ran

Of course none eouid see the dimiputl\e man.
Whata ply tiethat these ithe dwarfs dear

Can only be seen for one day in the year!

He found a.) the neopie were throneting to ehureh,
And he straightway decided to follow,

He listened «pélibound as te gospel was told

Ard tue preacher proc almeo the sweet story of old
Why shoud to-day of ali dava Jn the year

He the one we should try our yt brethren to cheer?
Did not God an this day send His deariy joved Son
To @ nation ungraseful and sinning

fe spent all lis tn our service, and then

He died by the hands of fhose murderous men.
Help me. my brethren, th's Christmas to bear

[be burdens our Saviour bas asked us to share."
The servioe was done Re saw crowds of the poor
ide were ¢x} ntiy waltin

And aims were distritvuted freely to all

Provisions in plenty were served in the hall.

I see, now, at least,” sald our dwarf, “there's some

use

Por the co'q that la often a means of abuse.”

And away to the mountains he scampered ones more,
Since when he's a diligent worker

And be «ings to himself as be works underground:
‘Lhe use ani the pcasure of work I have found;

And ifonts ove heart 1 can ease from {ts pain,
I will never long efter the sunshine again *

 

 

{fe

  
  
   
  

 

  

 

  

4%

 

The Test That Falied.
From the Boston Dally Globe,

Lenora sang high tn the cholr
While Roy satin the pew below

Her cirar voter thrilled with sacred fre—
Ile Listened with his heart aglow.

He hed not told his love as zen
Although she knew it ali the time;

Bit at the lust he had to let
Its stream flow out in gushing rhyme

The olden golden tale he told,
And of her charms he wrote with ease;
Her voice with Melba's he enrolled,
And ended up with lines like these:

“1 love you for your voine's power?;
I know it for the fact is

That | couid sit for hours and hours
Aod iisten while you practiaa”

And abe believed cach word he wrote,
And sang 4 rapture gong of Joy:
Then sent a litti* loving note
That to ber arms soon brought fond Rey,

She sang for him. Oh, how she sang!
I really cannot tell you how:

And then she said, without a pang, ‘
“Por just an hour I'l) practice now.

Bde did she took him at hig word,
Her voice soared high and sank t0 low;
Roy reaUy trembled while he beard
Twelve pages of solfeggia

Hie head was dared, his heart wae crazed,
But yet he knew Just what to say,

Her wondrous execution praised,
And kissed her as he went away.

Alas! he could not stand the test,
For him her voice’ 9 charms were o'er,
Instead of church he seeks for rest,
Aad to her house he goes no tore

Young man, be carcful what you write
When rhyme too loose your fancy frees;
Be satistied when meals deiight,
Nor solve the kitchen'e mysteries,

Young woman, never risk the test
To take a lover at his word,
When what be vrowe--you should know bed—
Ts undeniably eatysurd
GORGE BIRDSBYR

 

Bills.
Trem the Chicage Times Herald.

Ob, the bills,
Cease ese oliist
What a world of happiness thetr endless coming
kills
How th y keep on muliiplying
As the tolerto ls awny, ‘
ravely irsing, Vy ng trying
es hile hicwite rhivine. buyle
To get even with tne world acaln some dag.
Grocery dilis,
Hutebers’ pills,
Bills for water, bls ‘or plumbing, Dills for onal,

| Bilis that rend the patient heart and warp the soul

ness raen andst dente re |

Bois for milk
And bills for stl;
Bills for thread
And bills for bread!
Doetora’ Btils and dentists’ bills;
Servants’ bilisand nurses’ dilis=
Hille thot make the vietlm wish that be were dead
And forever free from biils, bills, bills, Dills;
Out of sich! and outof hearing of the ones who give
bim chills
Witb thelr bille—
With tne accent on the dille—
The discouraging and everlasting bills, Dills, Dilla,
tills, bills, DUls, bilis,
The accumn ati ig terrors of the bills!"
ere a Vicitro wields the |}ammer or the saw:
here anotoer delves in musty Doks of law,
And here oue slowly scratches with the pen,
Siching satly.
Se he madly
Tries to think of things that, maybe when tn pring
will thek'e men!
Is !t fare
Tpey wuld daim?
Does the porter or the tearmmster merely strive to win
a name
That wil make hiseotliren proud of him some day?
Does the wilter or the lawyer
Or tue merejentor the .awyer
Strive away
Just beacause Its fun to do so, or from force of habit?
Nay!
’ The bili,
are to pay
Make the joker thin) of fancy thines to aay,
Mace the lawyer thunder fieree'y atthe bag,
Keep the salow motorman with the chile
Of death upon him clinging to Cis ear!
O the bil’s,
The bi'ls, bills, Dillst
From the markets and the mills
Andthe mines beneath the bille
Come the tills
Come th soul-destroyine dills
Come the bills fur litule shirts,
And for lithe coats and caw
Come the bil, for swiehiog ehirte
And forfesthersacd for wraps

 

 

 

And for squills
And for exsior oiLard pills!
Ah. the

The steudy stream of bls, bills. Dils. bills, Dilla,
The never ces n@ botherof the biltst
They tell us new there isn't any hole
Full of fre to receive the wicked soul
That taere isu’! any Satan down below
W bo Insts
Sinful purpows in prone here, but oh,
Lhereare bils
That bring | ate a d ciseontent,
"There are DIA for ford and rent,
Anda millfon other things
Eien tf lide Myrtle sings
If she trilis
Her music teac et brings
In bis bill.
Bills for eulting, UIs for sewing
Bills far shrouds and bills for bibs
Bills for coming, biils for Going,
Bills for coffins and for eribs
Bills for evereth. ng but breathing, always bills!
And forevery bill vou pay, a dozen more
Seem to be where only one anneared before!
Ob, the hilt, bills. bells, bills. billst
The accumulating terrors of the bills!
¢ rrtve
eiules
wite
see A prere
Who wonld totl
Tn the enti
Or with hameirror with pen
Who would ever brace the thre
That he f-rls whose fellow men
Give bin praise
if the hil's
Newer came to daunt ordaze®
If we newer hoa dof Dilla, bills, bile. bile, piite,
Theawful and the evrriasting btlls*
S F Kiser

     

 

Intlabr. 1900
From the Boston Evening Tranacrig.

Sleep. haby, slee)'

A® tie Shadows craep,
Father ts off on the hills away,
Chasing the golf ball on its way;
Soon he lLeome heme end bring to thee
A tropby fine for his habe to see,

So sleep, Daby, sieent

Sleep, baby, sleept
Sink to slumber deep!
For you must @row a= fast as you can.
To chase the golf bali Hae a man,
Vour fatherts caampion of the game,
Aud yours ‘(will be to surpass his fame,
do sleep. baby, sieep.

GERTRUDE ROGERY

 

OU BSTIONS AND ANSWERS,

lwo ertore haere been called to our atiention ome
friend writes that ehirmieh at
Kips Day. whiten led to the name
of baitie ae many other similar eneountere during
the Rerotution date, theueh
he referete Mletorle New lork” pp lift weg Anothet
friend eay« that Weéteher did atump for Cleveland in

there Waa an el

je ne mech ent

Ile dopant etre the

1AS4, and that he heard hitn epenk in teeing Dali,
fndoteing Cleveland and denouncing Maine We
thank them both

A student of local Ni tery aenda the a lo@ing,

Qpropes of the Ply Market © powitier

The “Fis narwe: fecelved ite laine fram the Vile
or \ jey. a OA) WALT MmaAteh Of Nheadow which atan
eatly period of the bletory of the elty extended from
WAll street along the Paetl erohore or the crooked
line of Pearl «treet northward to Beebrman otreet.
cn@inally a partow bay feached up from the Vaat
River penetrating the ‘and at the foot cf the Green
lane (now Malcen tone later tl a «oth
widened and deepened, and |t ae then known a@

Matiden'« «lip, later Countess Key, nearer the present

Ooentica alin At the head of thie «lip, the Vley mate
ket had its heginning As time went oon the market
was extended out over the Water of the «lip whea

the alip had heen filled in, the market cate te oeeupy
nearly allof that portion of the pres nt street or aquare
that ia bounded at night enmes by Vearl end
atroets Ihe atrveture covered the entire atreet
tug only the atdewallaon either etee for foot een
errs. ihe curious wil lind the exact iocaty ue
market, which was torn down Jan. 22. 1820, lald down
on Maersenaick's map of New York, marihe date
1755. A. 3. €

War
leay-

   
  

Tam of the opinion that the result in Michiean to

1802 was nota question of “high” and “low men on
| the electoral ticket, Dat waa dee te the election of

Presidential Ulectors in that State that year py Con

@ressional districts, Am notrigit Ww. GN

 

 

EE
Ss

| for the Democratic candidate

Youre right, we were wrong as regards Michigan's
vote. Tue Presidential election of [842 developed
some strange results, Michigan's electoral vote was
Civided because of the Minor law, which provided
for choosing fiectors by districts. there were Fusion
tickets In some States. [n Oregon one ofthe Populist
Electors was on tae Democratic ticket, he was elected,
but the other men chosen were Repuniteans. The
electoral votes of Oblo and Ca'lforuta were dirided,
the “high men on the Democratic tickets getting
more than the Repudiican “low men’; and one North
Dakota Elector, chosen on the Populist theket, voted
This was the first
jastance of the surt since James Munroe was elected
in 1520,

A man ploughing tn [ridgeport, Vt., the other day
dug up what is apparentiy a tadge-button of thie
Cescriptian: it has beer lon@ in the ground thatin
color tt somewhat resembles an old lost copter cent:
Mt te about 14, inches in clameter,
fluted, toward the outer ecge. in ce
script “G. Wo" (George Washingt
cComés @ harrow apace containing the worts
live the President,” outalce space ts Niled witht
circular linke rupming inty each other, something
like @ chaln; on each link appears in seript letters
what Would be the initlals of the thirteen original
States, excepting that there te one “M" short and «
“a eubstituted. The initials are as follows: S.C,
N.C, V.. M., D.. PN. dN. Vs Co Be dy MN. He
G. Te there any telling what the object of thia badge
Or Dutton was, and its ave? DD. H. BENNETT

We do not know what the button could bave been.
The Initiale are those of the thirteen States, there
Was no Maine among them.

 

 

       

 

I have been married by an Fptecopalian minister
to a Swede, who Is not naturalized. 4am an Ameri-
cau by birth. Would tuts marriage be oonsicered
iegal {n Sweden, or should tiere be @ civ ceremony”
Uf a0, to whom should we go LI

As general rul*, a marriagels valid tf celebrated
im the mode or acoording to the rites held requisite
by the law of the country where it takes place. There-
fore, unless your husband ts forbidden to marry by
Swedish law, your marriage ts valid in Sweden as
well as here,

“

 

1. Can vou tell me anything of Ferrara, an Italian
swordmaker, when and where he itved 2 Can
you teu me anytutug of Spode china’ Is Spode tne
Dame of the maker, and where and when ue he rer

S HW. B.

1. Nothing ts known of Andreas Ferrara except
that he lived, made sword blades and died. 2,
Spode waa an English potter, who produced between
1750 and 1780. He made many tea sets, and some
dinner eects; bis wares are an imitation of Japanese
pottery, very beautiful and not uncummon. His fac
tory was in Worcester.

Can @ soldier in the field, possessing @ voting resi
dence in New York, cast i's vote and have the same
counted without returning from the Pullippines,
Caina or wuerever the service has called them

W. HLA.

The law directs the Secretary of State to arrange-
to obtain the baliota of such soldiers; but the soldiers
cannot send thelr ballota back without the coopera-
tion of the Secretary of State No provision was
made by the State at tue late election to obtain the
soldiers’ votes, so there will be no “soldier vote” to
wait for.

 

 

is 1t not a fact that persone who have laid any het
or wager upon the result of an election are exclud
from suffrage by ‘aw = if so, why should our esteem
friend, Mr. Croker, be allowed to vote
GOLD DEMOCRaT.

It ta the law, but it ts not @ fact. No one pretends
to regard the law.
Wil you kindiy oblige us with the namas of pub-

isers of macuinery papers io England, Germany
and France C. A. TACB.

Machinery, 1 Angel Court, Throgmorton street,
london; Le Gente Cictle, Paris: Zeitschrift fur
Mas:hinendayu, Berlin. These are ieading papers.

C. B. Conick, Jr.—The States under the Consti-
tution fix the requirements for voting in national
as well as in State elections. The recent laws and
Constitutional amendments {n Southern States will
operate, therefore. as wali in national as in local eleo
tions.

 

G.—-The area of the United States is 3,501,000

Square miles, that of China {is 4,214,491, of which |

“China proper” bas an area of 1,336,841 square miles.

 

J. A. Seacord—Sir Henry Irving's original name
was Henry Irving Hrodrib; be ts not connected with
Washingtgn Irving. He has been on the stage eince
1656. lie ls 62 years old.

Miss Cope—For !nformation about Government
elvil service examinations, write to the Secretary of
the Cistl Service Commission, Washington or, tf
you have decided on the branch which you wish to
enter—as the Post Office service, the Custou) House
service, &c.—write to the Secretary of the Board of
Cith Service Examiners in the local headquarters
of the branch.

C. F. Carty ~Gall Borden (1801-74) was the tn-
ventor of condensed milk.

W. R. B.—For the latest conclusions of students
about the Old Testament and ite history see the
Potychrome Bible, and Dr. Priggs’s books.

F. J. R.~ For technical hooks, go to a technical
bookstore, there are several such stores {np tals eity.

Alida 1. C.--It was in the “Masked Ball” that
Miss Maude Adams piayed the part of @ society wom

an who drank too much.

 

J. Wilson —Water in @ shallow pan, tn @ sheltered
piace, will freeze even when the thermometer ts above
the freezing point, this Is due to the rapid loss of heat
of the earth after nightfall, In some hot countries
fee te obtained In commercial quantities by setting
soallow earthenware pans of water on the ground
protected from the wind

 

To write Engilsh correctly, study @
Whitney's “Fseentials
Hill's “Prin-

A.M
good Prnelish grammar, say
of English Grammar,” and @ rhetoric
ciples” for example

Hi. M F.~The poem "Fate" beginning “Two
shal! be born the whole wide world apart.” was wri
fen twenty orthirt, years agobe Mrs Sisan Marr

Spaulding. ItWos published in this eclumn only a
few months ago

R. Henry The “Lost Trihes of Israei” are the
ten tribes which formed the Kingdom of Ierael, as
Opposed to the Kingdom of Judah Che Kingdom
of Lsraei, between about 771 B.C and 729 B.C., was
overcome by the Assyrians. and tts peopie were dis
persed to unidentified districts 'n Assyria and Media,
where they may have been absorbed. Many per
aons have found the “Low Tri D varnous parts
of the word. Any eneyclppe ite article on tie Je we
will tell sou about the matter

ws

we. F. fF rath (88) mourderere were executed
the county towns by the Shertffe of the eoun-

Since 1889 they have heen executed only e@
Ytate Prisons ing Sing, Avuourn and

In
ties
ve
Dannemorrn

Lo H. W The residents of Washington
have no votes

st. Mudisgan—We do pot Ond that there
collection of James T. Hrady's speertes There
are some separate speech in pampniet form which
you will find oreasionally The “Savannah Case’
ean be bourbt fora dollar

FF. H. Cavanaugh -Women have ful! voting rights
in Colorado, Idabo, Wyoming and tan

three

dD. ¢.,

‘s any

C7. Horn America was diseovered by the Chinese
first, then br the Norsemen, finally by Columbus.
As “Pntl” Welch says in his nistory of America
“Columbus was the first person with vusiiess sagac
ity © make anything out of the discovery.”

 

S. R. O.~ There ts such a thing aa artificial ice;
the “Ice Trust” and other coneerns make it

  

BAGLAND'S POOR TRIFORAPH AavaTe
————

Whr the (Censtaat Demands for Heform Have
Neen Unanewered

Losnes, New 17--Fer

the newspapers of thie cauntry and the entire

commercial carmmuntiy fave bean engaged

an unanecosetil endeavor to bring about

several yeate paat

tr

working of the publie teeerny, |) sery (wer
thiry years have elapeed since the State pur.
Chinsed from abeut haifa deren different and
conjpetings privat® eorporations the Coen ex.
lie net of Partiae

isting telegraph avatema

  

       

men? authorizing the purehase and providing |

toe necessary funds aleo gave the State @ tio.
nopely of alectrica conmunication and placed

|

the administration of the teleerapha in the |

hands of the Post Office The deal waa wuni-
versally appiauded, for the newspapers had
bribed by the concession of a very cheap
tate for prese despatches and the rest of tue
j community were lad to believe that the tele
(grap would soon be made comparatively
(4 cheap and well manaved aa the penny post
tleven yeara elapsed, however before the
cost of telewrapning was reduced for the or-
dinary citizen, and practical telegraph men
were so tigotly bound be red tape that litt'e
progress in other directions was made. When
the telephone was introduced into thie country
from the United States it waa flercely attacked
by the Post Office bureaucrats in the belief
that it would supersede the telegrap) = Liti-
Mately, after costly law @uits the courte de
cided that the telephone eame wit in the temua
ef the act of Parliament and could not there
fore be used here without the consent and
autnorization of Her Majesty's Postranater-
General The postal men who controlled the
telegraph had neither the courage nor the fore
sight to buy up tha Amertean patents, lock,
stock and barrel, and go into the telephone
businesa thernselves They therefore issued
licenses to private corporations and hedged
tern round with auch manifold restrictions
that enterprise was erushed and the telephone
sratern of tis United Kingdom became a br-
word among the nations Six vears ago the
Post OM ce Rip Van Winkles awoke from their
slumbers and again apnenled to Parliament
to help them Parliament dutifully passed
an act by means of which the Peat Ofica people
received funds with whieh to buy the trunk
ines of private corporations, who tencefor-
ward were to be restricted to local exchange
business, an artarnsenent which sulted them
very we indead Ther obtained for their
trunk lines @ price about three times thelr in-
trinsic value, and they creerfully accepted
the profitable local traffle and gave the Post
Offica the unprofitable trunk line work Three
years later the Rip Van Winkles again mibbed
their eyes and after ‘ooking around saw things
which displensed them. They asked and ob-
tained Parliamentary powers and funds with
which to compete actively with the private
corporations, or rather with the one corpora-
tion- the National Telephone Cormpany—which

|
|
|
|
|
|
|

heer

| toch tjeeaded reforme in the adroiniettationand
|

interference As might have been expected,
the result of all this muddling, vacillation and
inaptitude is that this country has the worst
talephone aratem in the whole world. The tele
phone has noteven yet entered into the daily
business life of the British people: it is still a
luxury, and bids fair to remain eo for long
years to come
While the Post Office bureancrata were thus
engaged in tle congenial occupation of strang-
ling private enterprise in the telephone busi-
ness and, incidentally, in the district messenger
and tape ticker businesses, they allowed their
own telegraph business to go tothe dogs. The
system @rew steadily worse until to-day the
state of telegraphic affairs is absolutely un-
bearable) In 1906 it became evident that a
retrograde policy had been deliberately de
cided upon and enforced, but it was not until
three years later that proof was given to the
world by the Telegreph Chronicle, the organ
of the telegraphers of the United Kingdom,
By soine means, which a special departmental
committee failed to discover, this enterprising
paper obtained and published the confidential
report of a eecret Commission which was ap~
pointed in 1885 for the purpose of ascertaining
how money could be saved in the administra-
tion of the telegraphs. The commission de
liberately reported in favor of economy be
fore efficiency. Controlling officers were
warned that money must be saved at all costs,
and departmental protection was promised tn
the event, certain of course to happen, of !n-
creased delny in transmission consequent
upon the saving of pence. They were urged
give secant consideration to newspaper
despatches, and the golden rule laid down for
their culdance was that a minimum staff should
be kept for maximum requirementa
Needless to say the telegraph service was
utterly demoralized by these recommenda-
; tions. Errors and delays became the rule
instead of the exception. To-day tt {se nothing
unusual for @ preas despatch of less than a
hundred words to occupy three to four hours
| in transmission, say, from Landon to Dublin,
| private messages of twelve words very rarely
| obtain delivery within an hour of handing
in, and in London it takes twice as long to send
| a mesaage from one part of the city to another,
| & few milos, than it does to telegraph 600 miles
| to the north of Scotland) The publication
of the confidentia) report of the secret com-
mission roused the newspaper people to action.
They waited in deputation upon the newly
appointed Poetmaster-General, the Marquis
| of Londonderry and heard the soft words which
| proverbially butter no parsnips. To-day, how-
| ever, it is announced officially that a new post
has been created, that of “manager of telegraphic
trafic,” and that two experieneed telegraphers,
E. Trenam of Manchester and T. Mason of
| London, have been appointed joint managers.
Both men have risen from the rank of opera-
tors. Mr. Mason has long been manager of
the “Special Arrangementa Branch,” and Mr.
Trenam has been chief superintendent of the
telegraph department at Manchester. If these
| two men could hive free hands in the much
needed reorganization of the telegraph service
| they would be able to revolutionize the system.
Practical men agree that what is impera-
tively required to extricate the Government
telegraph service from the slough into which
it has been allowed to fall is the appointment
of a trained telecrapher as “Telegraph Master
General” with full powers of control and ad-
ministration and subject only to the Post-
master-Cieneral or to Parliament. Failing
that, the only hope of salvation would be a
reversion to the avstem of private competing
telegraph corporations which Parliament arbi-
warily abolished thirty vears ago. There
are few thonghtfil men in this country now
who do not deplore the existence of the Gov-
ernment monopoly in telegraphic and electrical
matters. That monopoly has not only given
the country an inferior telegraph service and
a disgraceful telephone service—ot has strangled
many promising enterprises and has criven
British talent into seeking foreign out) eta,
with the result that if an electric outfit is re-
quired here for railroad or tramway or what

 

pot it has to be obtained almost invariably
in the United States. Such are the fruits of
government monopoly and incompetent ad-
ministration
The Medicine Man and the Capitaliat.
Irom the Denver Republican
Prrseorr, Arie. Now 20 — she medicine man

of the Yavapal Apaches ts tm fall in Presentt charged
with the murder of an aged tribesman under peeullar
elroumstances

The olf Indian appeara to have been the money
Man of the tribe, but refused to eoniribute toward the
support of the medicine man = ‘The latier bided hie
time til he found the Indian alone on the plaine
Riding down on the aboriginal capitali«t, he laeaned
him and dragred him to death, the rope ted to the
born of the seddle. It is told that the murderer wae
Devt content ll he bad fairly torn the body to pleces
by dragging {t across the rocks and throuch cactus
The mediciae man bidoutinthe mountains or several
weeks, but waa Onally captured. aimost dead from

SS nastiness ee

 

| etarration
| As to Lots, Plots or Farms.
Readers of THE SUN always know when a

@°04 thing ia presented. Let them know what
rm have to offer by using the advertising
umaoa,— Adv.

, with Seventy-five

  

    

Rew Pudiicntions,

RAO nO RRR RO RANA ARR AR

eI

af
" Pi

0 A aa

LTE Say

By Joel Cook,

Author of “England: Picturesqes
and Descriptive,” cto Illustrated
Photogravures
from Original Negatives.

4 volumes, crown &vo., cloth, fall

‘gilt, gilt top, with cloth jackets and

_ i

in a cloth box.

List price, . . . . $7.50

“M. W. IL" OM. W. Hazeb
tine), in the course of a half.
page review, of advance sheets,
New York Sun of Octo»

ber 7th, says of it:
—_—_—_-—_— -——_-

 

in the

 

 

“The usefulness of such @
book will be generally apprecie
ated. It is impossible for an
American citizen to know too
much o/ his own country, and
every work that helns to in-
crease his knowledge thereof
ought to be welcomed as a
valuable addition to current
literature."’

The New York Herald anys

of it:

‘Mr. Cook has an eye for the
large things that are permanent,
and the small things that are
momentarily even more intere
esting. He tells a story well
He describes a scene vividly.
He is an excellent cicerone,”

For sale by booksellers generally or will be
forwarded to any ad ress, carriage-pald.

HENRY T. COATES & CO,
PUBLISHERS
1222 CHESTNUT ST. PHILADF! PLA,
UNREST IN WEST AFRICA.

 

 

Natives Complaining About Their Treatment
by the British.

Reports received by mali! from west Africa
and the Gold Coast tell of general unrest anong
the natives from the const to the furthermoss
regions of the interior, This condition of
things is ascribed to the severity exercised by
the British toward the Ashantis, and to rumore
that orders have heen received from England
to extirpate the Ashanti tribes from their terri-
tory, which is rich in gold deposits. Those
who survived the military operationa, the
rumors anid, were to be deported to other parte
of the Brit!sh possessions in Africa. The de
etriiction of villawes without regard te the
women and children, who are turned out te
starve, and the avstematic devastation of the
farms and cropa of the natives are, it appears
from the reports from all parts of the intertor,
causing the native races whose territory ie
threatened with invasion by the whites to pre-
pare for resistance. Even the Haussas, whe
have hitherto been the source from which the
British have drawn their best felting material
in west Africa, areshowing symptoms of allena
tion from the British, and the missionartes
who recently visited the Soketo country and
Kano were very badly received and recjuested
to return. The reports ef their ree ption have
been published and their demands «n the Brite
tiah Government to bring the chiefs ¢f Sokote
and Kano to reason have gone back to Africa
and created no amall stir, The importation
of the more savage races from Uganda, Somalie
land and other parte of enst Afrien, of Jamaica’
negroes, and of Sikhs from India to take pare
in the mibiugation of the Ashantis has alee
contributed to dieturh the other native racee

Matters are no better in the Sierra Leone
protectorate, which wae not very lence ago the
ecene of the massacre of many n «sionart
several Americans being among them, and
where the risine of the natives senirst the hue
tax waa put down only after great lose of life
on both sides. An English correspondent, dee
acribing the conditien of the natives and thelr
sentiments foward the Rritish Government,
contrastait with the state f things inthe nel he
hering French territcries, which, unlike
French Congo, are wnder the administration
ef French Government officials

nthe French Soudan and west const @ete
tlements, instead of the hut tax, a poll tax of
25 ¢entaie levied on all male natives in the eoune
try parta and 40 cents on those in the towne
etween 30 and SO vears of ave The tax

rench Guinea fs, moreover, collected throw
the chiefs, who receive oO per cent of the tole
amount ag compensation for cate coh ‘ation3
and this is in conquered territory va e
British protectorate, where the inbabltante
frae trihee who bad hearer hack every offort of
the Mandin oes and Foullohe of Pura-Djallom
to invade the Rritish settlements throug ow
territory, and who placed themselves ugh ?
ily winder the Rritish flae, the encagements
made with them have heen <er aside, ra che
hut tax ia heine collected by corrunt and t
nienl native police under such cirenmetan
that many af the natives, rather than nay $1
the amount of the tax, born thetr huts and Ls
te the trish or escane into the French terrt

Tn order the hetter ta cone with the digal
tion and the diMientries threatened, the Rritéal
Colonial OMee hos directed the prolongation
of the Sierra leoner avto he proceeded with
atonee A section of the line has already heen
openeiasfar asa plice called Rotifunk, about
fifty miles southeast of Freetown, and the exe
tension te Ro, eiehte miles turther to the eaate

 

 

ward, has heen bem The ennee ia 2 @
inches, and owing tothe urgency of the qaae
road will be biuclt in the lgbtest possible

ner and with temporary wooden fitden @
old Const railway, whien already @

Trom Sekerdi on the eonst to ‘Tarkway, Wl
there are golt denosits, is te be carried te
Kumassi ‘The distance is 10 milee a@ the
give i feet inches The oblect ‘© napth
mereial, partiv militorv, as it is s ‘it that whew
Mus completed troops from Prngiand ean be
Kirmaasi in fourteen dave

fhe Tacos railway is about to be opened te
Thadan, the three lone steel brideas conpecy g
lavas with the maintind being finished,
line ix 126 niles long, of & feet 6 inch gauge, and
connects Lagos, which has 60.900 populatto
with Anmawura, Of 180.000, and [>adan, Lm) ,008
inhahitanre Theéur r extension to Og
misho, Horin, and Rabbah on ihe Nicer rum
consideration This railteay also ts military
well as commercial, and has in view the
tration of the great, populous and fairly
lized regions Iwing te the eastward of the
Niger, of which Lokete and Kamo are among t
moat iinportart

 

 

  
 

 

A Spiritnalist’s Golden Wedding.
From the Chicago Record

   

WHITRPWATFI:, Wis) Nov 21 Ar snoenaleale
en wedding anniversar) veasDO Qi pere to day. Pitty
years ago Mr. and Mise Morty att were married
About a vear age Mig Pega et betore death

are wtth him
Protts were lead
o) Mr. Prat

she promised her

on their golden, re day. 1
at 2 n the State

hat she ©

ers of the ap

invited tw, PF ou nis nome aod read to them @
onm +n ys cond wf ehich he ead
came pt a da) \. feast sas spread and the
wedd! ation was held, Just ae though the @am@

e presenb ~

Ps

Ee

SS Saas

a