NEW LIFEIN BOER ATTACKS

aerT neren
cores

arming 0

nerpevTiy
ewe

necntira IN

fevere Pirttion Meaenres Have Sitrred type
fangerone Mlecontent there Kroger’
success With the People and tle Fatiore
ald the Governments

Spretal Cadle Despatch to THR SUS

Loxton, Deo i Mr K tour fur
nishea a striking illuatration « f Lord Saliehtury'’s
rerant statement that the Furopenn war of the
future will more hhely be due to (he paasions
of thew o than fo the e hemes ef the gov
ernment The old Boer leader ts aalning '
doul ted personal success, ar 1 the strong aeym-
paths felt for two republics bas hean con
firmed tt with their chief
Hia wholes seated con entration in his ows
mies ideed dlanits to his strong perton-
ality. whieh it « feared might Le too uncouth
to retain por admiration after hie fret ap
pearances to stoad, hia willingness to mike ary
personal effort that might serve his eniise, aa
Inatanced by his unfailing response when any
group of {die loafers shout, bringing him bare-
beaded to bow his greetings, has deepened the
universal feeling on the Continent that he ts
a most worthy head of a brave people

Bit how different with the governments
themxelves Even the French Cabinet, closely
depending as it does ) pon popular support,
has only been able to bid frrewell to thetr
quest with conventional phrases of rearet,
and it is a certainty that other governments
will not give more

Meanwhile South Africa has settled down
into black and hopeless desolation ‘The Boers
attack and figit now as they never did during
their early struggles ‘They have taken the
aggressive in the Free Btate in codperrtion
with the commandos who are striking seuth-
ward toward Cape Colony. The exact strate-
gic alin of this move they probably do not
know thumselves But it ts race against race
now, and if they can penetrate any distance
into the Colony they may gather thousands
of recruits The problem of arming these
bas been simplified by the ease with which
Gen De Wet surprises British garrisons and
strips them of their big cuns and riffes

This embittered deata strugele ia the inevita-
ble sequel of the general burning of the farms
The military authorities now admit that a
pumber of the burned farms belonged to men
who have been orisonem since March or June
They say that if they were burned wrouely
the autferers will be compensated, but it ts
impossible that money can compensate @ Boer
for the losa of his homestead

The London Unionist press has begun too
late *o deprecate this farm burning The
Spectator generalizes that great severity with
white men whoo you have to govern after-

ti. tet trom

‘wera

personnal contact

mn bas

a

   

ward never succeela What will happen now |

that Gen Lord Kitchener has assumed sole
command depends on the Duteh colony, but
there is no sikn that the Boer republics will es-
cape death and devastation for many months

Apart from the question of the justice of
the war there is a heavy responsibility on the
military authorities for the persona! adminis-
tration of the conquered centres. Since the
firet occupation this has had the effect every-
where of making neutrals become hostile.
The Uitlanders at Durban have formaily pro-
tested against the employment of ‘‘abhorrent
characters” in government offices and in the
military police, The arthorities of Bloem-
fontein have liberated a condenined murderer
and thief and have given him the post of iseu-
ing civil passes to the inhabitants with au-
thority to inquire into their characters. The
reason for the selection of the murderer was
that he was related to a good English family
Two men similarly employed at Johannesburg
were notorious swindlers The employment
of auch men by English Generals has done
more to prolong the war than the laiters’ mili-
tary incompetence,

BLOEMFONTEIN EXPECTS AN ATTACK.

British Hear the Boers Are Coming and Post
Extra Guards,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, Deo. 1.—A deapitch from Ploem-
fontein says thatextr. guards hawe been posted,
as a) attack by the Boers, who are moving
from the east and north, is expected. A large
number of ‘neutrals have been deported,

Lord Kitchener cables the War OfMice from
Rioemfontein, under date of Nov. 30, as
follows:

“Knox engaged De Wet'a rearguard on Nov.
27 for two hours. The enemy retreated, Wea
had one kilied and six wounded. According
to the latest reports Knox is in touch with
De Wet at Dafelberg, twelve miles north of
Bethulie

‘Settle has defeated Herzog and occupled
luckhoff. Pawet engaged Vilioen and Fras
muson Nov. 28 and Nov, 20and drove the enemy
back to Rietiontein, Lieut.-Col. Lloyd was
dangerousiv wounded. Five other
were wounded, We also had five men hilled
and fifty wounded. Lyttelton is cooperating
with Paget.”

Tne War Office announces that the Boers
took 451 prisoners at Dewetadorp

ROBERTS AT LADYSMITH.

Enthustastic Welcome - Visits
Symona's Grave at Dandee.
Specios Cadle Despatch to THE SUN
Prom THE SUN'S Corespon lent at Pletermartteb ig.
PIRTERMARITZArRG, Natal, Dec. 1-—-Lord
Roberts and his davghter arrived at Dundea,
Natal, yesterday. The Commander-in-Chief
visited the Talana Hi'!l battlefield and the grave
of Gen William Penn Symons, who was
wounded at the battle of Glencoe shortly after

 

Gets an Gen,

caanma aerovEeRY aaw.

eee ee

Indice tiane 41! Mapelel but the viet te Rentiy
Vat Over
Spactal Came Detpoiches te THE Aw
The Cpar'a Corwalearance,
shed net, eeemae alow Ale
the ah a ayer and ne complication have
beenindicated ap: et erent wonknere remaina
tlie pulee ie foe only ones touching aborr
gixte In the oaet four daw flence, deapite
the weaneral favoracia mitionk, the aeuanpenss
has net cet been fully rellewad It |e well
known ‘hat the (-;are constitution haa heen
delicate ainoe his birth, and was further shaken
a few yoare te bv a severe attack of brain
fever
Itia cow believed chat theorigtin of his praesent
Hinews waa n severe cold contracted while at
Yalta where he staved ont of doors too long
enjoving Aaunny day while lightly clad

laynow fiw |
though ar

eataldl

The resuitings of flver aa cendeed him an
easy prey for typhus which was diagnosed on
Nov if Yalta’s climate is now of the mild- |

eat, roses atill blooming in the epen and the
vines only beginning to shed thelr leaves The
(Zar
remain for two months Meanwhile, the
numerous court functionaries, the Minlaters
of Finance, Interior and War and all of the
imperial trousehoid will remain at Yalta The
Empress Dowaser starte for Russia from
Copentagenon Sunday Her precise destina-
tine la not known

On the whole it seems that while the high-
eat hopes and expectations for the Czar's re
covery may be entertained the eriaie is not yet
real'c passed

Livanta, Deet.—This morning's official bul-
letin in regard to the (zara condition says he
had @ very good day veaterday and alept very
we!l last night. His condition today is very
aitisfactory
97 and his puleeso. This moming bis tempera
ture was 90.1 and his puise &

  

THE POPE NOT BREAKING DOWN.

Delay tn Issuing His Promised Fucycitcal Other- |

wise Explained.
Srectal Coble Despatch to (AB SUS

Rome, Dec 1— Some surprise haa been ex-
pressed at the delay in giving to the wold
the fepe's promised enevelical on Christian
democracy, and rumors have been current that
the delay was due to a sudden aversion to work
on the part of the Pope, accompanied by indi-
cations of mental deterioration ‘HR Stn ts
enabled to state that the delay is deliberate
The Pope works if anything harder than usual
just now aud he is mentally ae eound and wlert
as he has ever been

The encyclical, as a matter of fact, was com-
pleted some time ago and will be issued when-
ever the Pope deems the moment opportune
He reyvards it as one of his most important
utterances, and is anxious that it shall appear
under the most favorable circumstances. The
general Impression at the Vatican is that it
will be published before the end of the year

The enereiou is not addressed merely
to the people of Italy but to the entire world,
and it deals with humanity en masse as well
aa individually. Probably the most atriking
feature wll be a vividly drawn contrast be-
tween truly Christian democracy and revolu-
tionary socialism It will be found that the
Pope makes a passionate appeal to the Catholic
aristocracy and bourgeoisie to make them-
selvas acquainted with the needs and aspira-
tions of the struggiing masses and to take
practical and enduring measures for the ma-
terial and moral weli-being of the poor The
Pope further warns the faithful against the

| dangers of exaggeration and excess,and points

officers |

the outbreak of the war and whose body was |

interred at Duundee. Afterward (ord Roberts
proceeds 1 to Ladvamith, where he arrived
last plight He was enthusiastically received
and the municipality presented him an ad-
dress of welcome

BOERS ATTACK A CONVOY.

Kill Six British and Wonnd Several in the
Orange River Colony.
Special Came DespateR to THR Sty
From a Staff Correspondent

Trrnvan, Natal, Dec. 1— Gen. Roce has re-
turned to Harrismith, Orange River Colony,
fro... Vrede and Standerton The convoy was
attacked golrgand coming, the Boers firing on
the mén from amall kopjes. The Britush had
aix Killed and several wounded

Sore of the fahtirg burghers have actually
visited their farms, set the nativesto ploughing

ard then gone away. The Freiish sav that
the [Doers are now degenerating into free. |
booters

Major McBride Coming to Lectareon Boer War.
Spectal Caohle Despaieh to THR StN

Paris, lec 1 -Major MeBride, who com-
manded the Irish Legion in the Boer Army,
sailed from. Havre for New York to-dar on
the stearn La Iiretagne. He i: tends ta
minke addresses in the United tates on the
Boer War

hip

the

Tre Sts

Winston Churchill

rhle

on Lacania.
Sper ial ¢ Liespoten ta
Loxnos, Der 1~Wintton Churehill, the
war correspondent and a sea of Mrs Corn.
wallis West, formerl: Lady Landolth Churehill,
saiied for New York to-day on the Cunard
Line steamehip Lucania

 

Rival Indiana Candidates for Commiasioner of
Pe sions.

ia Porter, Ind, lee t--TheRew.) R Lucas
formeriy of ths county, Wl ois seeking an ap-
ointment a8 Commisco er of Hensiorsios &
ceed H ©. byans,t- now eo fronted with toe
candicaes oi © oO) TN. S alker, formeriy Na-
Honal+ ommancer of thet. ALL, wh) is being

ind rsd tor the a@pmeintmentes he Grasd
Arm posisof wie State. Col \ alker and the
Kow Me. Lucas, wh. is a minister of the

 

‘bristian (bureh, a:@ re ident of te same
Cong esa dis met, and th Ind ana Congres
dels gation will now be d vided

 

out clearly the road which will lead to the
desired goal while conserving the legitimate
rights and interests of other classes and of
the eonstituted order of society

 

INVESTIGATION IN HAVANA.

 

Charge of Irregularities in the City's Finao-
clal ASairs.
Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN.
Havana, Deo. 1 Asa result of the statement
mace by Civil Governor Nuvez {n regard to tr-
regularities in the nancial affairs of Havana,
an investigation has been ordered. The muniol-
pality will hereafter be compelled to live up to
the laws.
At @ tunioipal convention of the National
party to-day Gen. Rodriguez, Mavor of Ha-
ana, was elected President Ele received 90
votes against 30 cast for Secretary of Justice
Gener
\ number of special policemen have been ap-
pointed to protect the sigar estates in the
Matanzas district from incendiarims. A number
of anonymons /etters had been sent to the own-
ers of these estates, threatening to burn them
unless a cert.insum of money waspsid. The
instructions to the police are that they are to
ahoet any one attempting to burn the planta-
tions
During November there were 214 new cones
of yellow fever in Havana in adiition to the 03
cases leftover from Oc ober Fi ty-three pa-
tients have died and 195 have been d.scharged
as cured

THE IRISH LEADER.

 

Dery

Healvite Nationalists Will Attend Parliament
Despite Willlam O'Brien's Order.

Speetal Cable Despatch to TRE SUN.

Toxrvon, Dec. 1.--The Healyite Nationalists
have finally decided to defy William O’Brien
by attending Parilament next week. This
decision marks the commencement of a re
yolt whieh may have far-reaching conse-
quences in Ireland. Other sections are chafing
avainst O'Brien's rule, and it looks as if dir
sensations might soon be aa rife as tweive months
ago

There are some Nationalista who object to
the revolutionary methods of political and
agrarian agitation adopted by the United Irish
League, of which O’Brien is President, and
these maloeontents mar foin the new move-
ment which was inaugurated Inat Thursday
in Cister by Thomas W Russell. if the mod-
erate Nationalists and the reforming Tories
should thus join forces the Government wonld
indeed be placed in an awkward position, aod
the eombination is quite on the ecards The
aiuation is already rather interesting, and it
will develop considerably before the Par-
liamentary session is very old

 

“HOOLIGAN MURDER IN WHITPCHAPE.

Policeman Killed During an Outbreak tn the

District.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR Sten.
Toxpos, Dee, i --There was a serine ote
break of “Hooliganism” in the Whitecha; el
distriet of London inst night A policeman
was killed by a man whom he hed arrested

A woman was shot and seriousiv wounded
by some bove. and a wood: arver was so badly
har.died that he had to be sent to the hospital.
Only one arrest was made

Acigarmakeref the name of Barnet Abrahams
was arrucgned in the pelee court this morning
on the charge of killinc the noliceman, Abra-
resented aliorm bie appearines, Hiahair
was matted with blood were
Lilaclened lie said he re ung
about the murder exeept been

struggling with theo

hams}
ind Nis eyes
membered

hat he

nor
had
oor
German Steamer Bei gia's Rudder bane ged.
Speetal Ceble Despaich to TUR Sun

LIVERPoot, Dec. 1. ~The Cunard
ahip Umbria hich arrived to-day reports that
she speke the German ieamship Relea fron
Baltimore, Nov. 24, on Thursday. The Belgia
had stopped to make repairs to her rudder,
but signalled that the expected to proceed
shortly

Witheimina's Coming Marriage.
Spectal Cable Despatch to TRE Stew

Tre Haore, Deed —A bill approving Queen
Wilhelrina’s mariage will shortiy be presented
in the States General. The question of an
acowance to her prospective husoand, Duke
Henry of Mecklenbura-Schwerin, will not be

rilsed.
to o 8

  

is to be taken there and sill probably '

Last nicht bla temperature wae!

line steam- |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.

| WILDE'S WRETCHED END,

| MORPHINE AND NRANDY SAID TO HAVE
} WASTENED NIS DEATH.
|

Had Lived Amid Squalid Sarreandings In Paris
' Since Hie Hetense From Price Mad Done
Some Work on Plave Nareed Through
tile Last Hiness br Lord Alfred thoagtas.
Srertal ( able [regmatehes te (ree Stew
Pane, Dee 1 Oaoar Wilde died in the Hotel
Niw [tia a dingy old house on a dull atreet
with @eyualid eurroundings = be had oroupled
two pooma overlooking a courtvard in the
back since hie release from priaon He led a
quiet bomedrum life there and seldom spoke to
anv of the other guests of the house Anarule,
he had Fis meals in reetauranta, but occasionally
he had them served in hit own apartments
Lord \iffed Douglas, whe nursed Mr Wiide

( durtng bla Inet Uineas, came boek to Parts from |

the country last Ausust and since that time haa
never left the side of hie patent

Oscar Wilde apent most of hie Uime reading
| or sitthie around listleasiy in the cafte, Borne
tlines when accompanied by a friend the old
fire would appear in his eves and he would chat
as brillianth asever Onthe other hand, when
he waa alone he had a moping look

In October last he complained of pains tn
theear ‘These became so severe thatan opera-
, ten was necessary, Some famous eurgeons
| were sunimened and tue operation was suc-

cessfully performed These specialists ape

parently did their work so well that Mr, Wide
| recovered his usual About tive days
{| @&o he suffered tains by hie hack and Dr. Tucker,
+ who was {un attendance, diagnosed his disease

as meningitis Wilde's euferings for two

dava were terrible. Por the last three days,
| however, be Lad been uncousmous,

‘The iandiord of the hotel, who asalsted Lord
) Alfred Douglas in nurding the sick man, thought
| Wide was a Roman Catholio and suinmoned
| a priest, who anoisted him, Wide was un-
!
‘
|
'

heath

conscious at the time He will be buried on
Monday in the Bagneux Cemetery

‘the concierge told THE SUN correspondent
that none of Wide's relatives called on him
A few fuito ful friends came
lhe wolnan

during his iliness
and asked as to his condition
apoke Kindy of Mr Wilde
' as a quiet, melancholy man who was appar-
entiy often lost in reileetions on his past
LONDON, Dee. 1—Usear Wilde’e death was
really caused br morphia and brandy He
had been living a mitecruble existence in #@
syualid apartment in the Latin quarter in
lonely dissipation, with occasione] flashes of
hie original brilliancy Sometimes under the
influence of drugs he had conceived clever
| ideas for plays which he bad been unable to
! put upon paper bavond a meagte scenario.
| To @ reporter who visied him a week D-fore
his death Wild? sa'd that bh» wrote most of “Mr.
and Mrs. Da eatty” which Mrs. Patrick Camp-
bell is now playing under the neminal author-
| ship of Frank Harris. He added wiat he had

actuaily sold the play to Mre. James Erewn ,

Potter, who visited him and paid him $1,000
for it. It appears that George Alexander and
George Edwardes bad previously paid Wide
for the righta for his next play, so that there
@re really four claimants, but none cared to
test his rights by legal proveediags. No one,
of course, would produce a play in England
under Wilde's name. In fact, his name is sup
pressed even in “Lady Windemere’s Fan”
which {# touring t! country. Several of
Wilde's latest scenarios are being hawked about
to London managers.

 

TAPESTRIES GO WITH THE HOUSE.

 

Eagtish Court's Decision Causes a Fiutter tn
Art Circles.

Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Lonpon, Dec. 1.—A legal decfston which
bas just been given by the Court of Queen's
Bench, though based on commonplace English
law, has caused a fiutter in art circles. The
case arose through the disputed ownership
of ten valuable pieces of French tapestry in a
house of which the late Mme. Defalbe was a
life tenant. ‘Three pieces hung half fixed and
joosely, while seven were In the drawing room,
“forming essential features of the decorations
of the room,” thus practically being fixtures,
The Judge decided that the latter had been in
effect annexed to the house and passed there-
with to those interested in the settled estate.

Inasmuch as this is the usual method of
banging French tapestries owners of such
things are wondering how ther may preserve
their riglits. It is a question which may often
arise in England, where there are many houses
containing valuable tapestries, the inheriting
occupants of the houses being merely life
tenants. Therefore the life tenant will lose

the power of disposing by will or otherwise |
of any additions which he has made during |
dav that the union men who refused to work |
i

hia life.

BRAZIL GAINS

 

GOLD COUNTRY.

President Helier Announces Finding as Arbl-
trator in French Bonndary Dispute.
Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN.

Brrxer, Deo. 1.—President Heller, of Switzer-
land. who was selected to arbitrate inthe boun-
dary dispute between France and Brazil, has
rendered his decision. In regard to th: fron-

tier between Brazil and French Guiana he decides ,

that the River Vincent Pinzon ls Identical with
the Oyapock and not with the Aragonary,
as was maintained by France. It is believed
that this decision will give Braril a consider-
able tract of auriferous country.

 

Our models are our own skill; for
none can surpass us.

We use no catchy, tricky m-thods in
doing business. Each roll of cloth is
ticketed and marked in plain figures.
No commission paid to any one--cus-
| tomers are to get all there is in it.
| Our line of overcoatings, comprising
! Kersevs, Meltons, Velours and Cheviots,
| made in the smartest manner, trimmed
| with sik or satin to order, $20, Busi-

| ness suit of imported Cheviot, $16, |

| Vicuna Thibet tor coat and vest, with
fancy striped trousering, $20.  Onr
Fuli Dress and Tuxedos, silk lined, $30,

; made of German or English Drape, |

| are Special value.
| Sampies, Fashion Review, Measuring
| Guide mailed upon request.

ARNHEIM,

Broadway & 9th Street,

She described him |

   
  
 

WRATCHRATAR LIGHTING COMPANY

teewonees tte Stark Fram O68.500,000 te
819,400,000 tte Hive

Were Praise, N oY, feet The Weat
| heater liahting Company te the name
of a new concer which has heen formed in
Waetoheater count). and which it le eald ore

| pores to abeorh all the other easelectrio huht
companies in each townahin Ohrouehont Wet
cheater count tedavy cor
tiffentas of incorenae of capital etoek of the com.
pany from 02.600.000 bo B17. 500,000 were (led in
Albany and in White The certificate
saya that of Chie erin 610,000,000 8 con mon elock,
consleting of 100,000 eharee of the oar value of
$1 each and 62,600,000 je preferred stock of tha
eare value

‘Lhe directors of the new organization com-

Simultaneanrely

Minins

 

prise Charies “Warner, Louls Mo Grant,
| Richard FOoOM Kirnes, Mod) Werner, Charles
M. Hemingway, N ob Pinboll, Henry A Ker

worthy, (haces Wo Sonires, oO W. Serniwham,
and Regindd H. Giles The trust papers were

tdrawn up by ex-Lieut-Gov Sheehar It is
) Said The ney corporation means to erect several
extensive plants throughout tie county as
soon ae it obtains new frar ise@ and rights
in the towns of White Plains, Yonkers, Meurnt
Vernon, Sew Rochelle, Pelham, Portchester,
| Ree. Harrison, Mamaroneck, Tarrytown and

Peensaiil

ihe Huguenct Fleetrie Lfelit, Heat and Power
Company, whieh it ta reperted the former ts
trving to buy out, alan tied a certificate of ex.
tension of business and power and righte an
Weetcheater Among other things it pro.
poses to manufacture gaa for suppleing lieht
in every townahin of Wearohesiar also to supe
ply sieam to consumers from a central station,

rough pipes and conduits, and elootrictiy
for power fhe eapital atoek ia tived at $54.
divided into Se shares ‘irectors

ee John J. Crenna elle,

       

ation and C. 1h. Weer
principal office of the company ts in
Rochelle.

 

New

 

SHOT HER STEPPATHER.

Girt Says tho Pistol West Of Twice in a Strug-
gie for Ita Possession.

Elizabeth Muller, 18 years old, was arraigned
in the Jefferson Market police court yesterday
chirged with shooting her stepfather, Bernard
Oelsetdager, a salooukeeper, of 443 West ‘lwen-
the

tyesitth street Oelsehlager is now tn
New York Hosnmitel suffering from @ bullet
wound in the head

Che girl's statement to Magistrate Meade

was that last night her stepfather drove away
her sweetheart and stmack
n. She ran behind the bar and got a re-

er. elschiawer endeavored to take it

 
 

from her, she siid, and in the struggle it went |

of twice, one bullet lodging tn her ste; father's

head ard the otherin her hand. Oelschiager's

wound ts not serious The girl, who was ao

companied to court by her brother, Volicenan

ceorge Muller, was held in $59 bail for further
, @Xamination,

 

| Five British Vessels at New Orleans Waiting
for Cargoes of Mules.

| New Onveans, La, Dec. 1—Five Britleh
| weasels are here at the Southport wharves,
having arrived tn the last two days, all to load

| with mules and horses for the British Army

jin South Africa. It has been found impossible

{to secure muleteers here in consequence of

the dissatisfaction that has been aroused by

| the treatment of the muleteers on the voyage,
and the British Army officers here bave acver-
tised throughout the country for inen who
are willing to go to Africa

|

Ne Case Against the Rev. D. E. Stuart.
Wruxes-Banre, Pa, Deo. 1.—The hearing
in tre case of the Rev. D. E. Stuart of Wyom-
ing, charged with having murdered his wife
to cover traces of an operation, was not held
r as announced because of the absence

 

 

of Judge Woodward from the city. Dr. Whit-
néy, Who made an examination of the dead
woman's organs at the order of the Coroner,
said to-day that there were no grounds for even
suspicion against Mr. Stuart

 

 

Mother and Daughter Burned to Death.

PortTLaND, Me., Dec, 1.—Mrs. Herbert FA
Crosman of Deering and @ young daughter
were burned fatally and two other children

in the family were burned seriously this after.

noon, Workmen were tarring the roof and

the tar getting cold they took it into Mra, Crow | pe

1an's home to warm it over her kitchen stove,
The kettle boUed over, set the house afire and
the boiling tar spattered on Mra. Crorman's
clothing and that of her daughter, both of
whom died shoruy after assistance arrived.

 

 

James Kelly, 10 years old, was locked ap last
nightin the Madison street station for highway
| robbery, He grabbed a woman's pocketbook
‘in Henry atreet and ran, pursued br a police.
| man and the woman be had ro. tid The police-
man caught Kelly after a short chee The
woman sid she waa Elizabeth WeinJrwe of 42
Boney erent. The pocketboow was found upon
euy.

{
|
| HAighwayman Caught After a Chase.

 

 

Waiter Iocan Tarns the Tabics on the Union.

Willlam Logan, the walter who complained
j that the German Walters’ Union would not
' allow him to work tn a hall on East Thirteenth
|

haa been reinstated, and it was reported vester-

with him had been discharged.

 

 

Monthiy Crop Bulletin.

Wasnincton Deo 1—The monthly crop
bulletin issued to-day by the Weather Bureau
eays

“The reports respecting winter wheat show
that the crop has made very satisfactory prog-
reas, and is generally in promising condition
in the principal wicter wheat States The
Hemuan fly is, however te@ain cauung serious
damage, esnecialiv to the early sown, The
complainta of tus pest anpear to be more

widesnread than at the close of November, |

18,and,ae in that vear, itiscausing the grent
injury in Michigan and Ohie In Kansas an
Oklahoma wheat has made very rapid growth
and ia being pastured to prevent stooling.

Cemvention of the National W.C. T. U.

|

|

| WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.--The twenty-seventh
annual convention of the Nati nal Woman's
Christian Temperance Unton will be opened to-
morrow morning wth devotional exercisas and
the del'ver: of the annual eetinor by Mrs. JK
Barney of Rhode Is'and, world miss onary, who
will preach to che text ° The Watchword for
Our Battle.” In the evening the national lew
trrars will preach in many of the church « of
theelte The business a%sion of the eony ntion
wil begin on Monday morning and iaat until
Vredavy night, with three seasons each day

|

|

\

|

|

|

State Receptions at the White Honse.

Dee 1) Seoretary Cortelyou
the fol

WASstINGron,
to-day announced WiInhe programimne
nf State receptions and dinners at the Raecutive
Mansion for the season of 1991
1, Pre
Cabinet dinyer
Jan 18 dplomatic
TeCe@ptins, dan 50

feb #6, Supreme Court dinner
Veh 10

 

idents’ publie
Jan 9, diylomatic rece 7
dinner Jan 22, Judicia
Congressional reception
Feb
pil!

dan reception, Jan 2,

18 arins

and navy reception © reception,

 

Cauecns of Honse Democrats.

A call has been taaped
for a cancus of Democratic
House of Renpresentetives on Monday after.
for the purpose of
action toward the
Prinetoal pron.
the lenders is ta

Waertearon, Dee 1
members of the

     

noon, after adjournment

feter:

Arm

ining nurse of

iecrganization bill

"
ahe

 

osition so far advanced by
extend for twoor Three vears the present
provision for tie Vol Or ATINY,
be ofered as a sub-itute for the re
bill

ene

 

Whieh may
Peanization
Popalation of Wisconsin and Indian Territory,
Dec 1 -—The

Populations of

’nsus

Bureoy
Wis-
topleting the
Wisconeiy >
swecf ee ever

eines the ineresse Pea
amd 1S) WAS T7128!
Lotiar tory has a ft
whieh oan inerense of 2017
| wince 1800

WASH CTON,
announced
Indian Territory, ¢
Territories

teri the
anid
tites
tian of 2,09, 42

1aey

censin
lat ot
' Yr rhe
rer
tyeen TRS)

na
2°." cont
or 282 per cont
inten ef oO) om,
78, OF WTS per cont

or

 

Coinage of the Miucs in November.

{

| Wasurwaros, Dec 1 -The eninuge of the
| mints of the United States for toe month of
|

|

|

545,120, of whieh $15,185,000 was in half end

double eagles The output of silver dollars |

wae ¥,402,000, of half dollars, 012,006
dollars, (40.000 dimes, 620,000, nicke
and pennies, °,4292,000

quarter
+ 851800,

 

    

 

: Movements of Naval Vessels.
| WASHINGTON, Dee

sailed from Singa ore for Cclomlo and the

| to-day from Malta for Napten, the collier Caesar
| gunboat Topeka from Genoa to leghorn to-
! day

 
  

her, Knocking her |

atreat because he could not speak German, |

1.=—The gunboat Marietta |
arrived at Cavits, the training sip Dixie satied |

BEER DRINKERS IN A PANIC,

AIST? NEAL AND ONE THOUTRAND ILL
AHOUNT WANCHEATER,

 

Areente ta the Cheap Subetitnteas for Mate and
Hope Thonsande of Galions af tieer Poared
fnte the Sewers of Liverpoot and Man-
chester Government tnquire Probable

Speed Cable Lempateh to THR Sts

Lonposw, Dee The victims of areento
polson in beer new number more than alsty
dead aod more than ane thoutand Ul The
area affected le co Sned within a hundred.
mile radius from Manchester, but the panio
amoung drinkers has spread almost
throughout the whole country

It las been completely eatablished that the
eatine of the polmoning ia americ in the qul-
phurie aeid used in the manufacture of @in-
cose or sumar whieh the Pnelleh brewer em-
ploy In place of malt and hops in making cheap
| the poleon baa thus far been traced
| to only one establishment which auppled
| sugar for several brewerlesin the Midlands
| and the north The commercla) sulphurte

acid in country ia made from prrites,
| almost all of which come from Spain. There
in always a trace of arsenic in it) The offend-
| ing firm araiies that there must have been an

  

lwor

leer
this

undue proportion of the poison In the lode
from which thelr supply came At all eventa,
an analysia shows that some beers sold kn #a-
tile week contain arsenite aufficient to
persistent drinker
Asaresclt of the warning of the authorities
| hundreds of thousands of gallons of beer have
been poured into the sewers of Liverpool and
! Manche-ter by brewera and retallera ‘The
| hoare has caused a strona revival of the a:tta-
{ tion in favor of the compulsory use of malt and
| hops instead of cheaper aubstitutes. A Gove.
|

loons
hi ! anv

ernment inquiry will probably be ordered and
it is likely that the subJect will secure the at-
| tention of Parhament
The total abstinence advocates of course,
have not missed the opportunity to deolare that
| the real poivon in the beer is the alcohol.

| OFFICIAL CROP REPORT.

| Average Yield Per Acre of Corn, Buckwheat,
\ Potatocs and Hay-Uig Apple Crop,

'

Wasnincton, Dec 1—The prelirainary esti-

mate of tne statistician of the Department
| of Agriculture of the average yield per acre
‘of corn in 1000 is 25.8 bushels, as compared
| with an average yield of 20.41 bushela in 1406,
of 2478 bushels In 1808, and a ten-year average
of 241 bushels It is eetinated that 44 per
cent. of the corn crop of 1890 was aetill in the
hands of farmers on Nov. 1, 1000, as com-
pared with 5.9 per cent. of the crop of 1698 in
fariuers’ hands on Nov, 1, 1s#¥, and 7.25 per
cent of that of 1897, in hand on Nov. 2, 1808

Tho preliminary estiinate of the average
yield per acre of buck wheat is 15 bushels, against
an average yield of 16.66 bushels im 1890, 17.28
bushels in 188, and @ ten-year average of
16.8 bushels, ‘Lhe average for New York and
Pennsylvania, the two States of principal pro-
duction, t* 14 bushele. The average as to
quality te 00.2 per cent, against 83.4 per cent
in November, 1490, and 85.2 per cent. in No-
vember, 184

The preliminary estimate of the @
yield per acre of potatoes ts 80.8 bushels, against
an average vield of 58.63 bualels in 1800, 76.10
bushels in lsus, and @ ten-year average of 76.6
bushels. The average as to quality is 8&1 per
eeut., against 014 per cent. in November last
and 4.7 per cent. in November, ss

ine preliminary estimate of tne average
yield peracreof nay is 1 2s tons Against an aver-
Age yleld of 1.35 tons tn 1-09, 1.55 tons in 1898
and a ten-vear average of 128 tons. The
Average as to quality ts 49.7 rer cent., againat
93.5 percent. in November last and 95.4 per cent.
in Novernber, 108

For tobacco no average yleld per acre for
the entire country can be established, but the
yield par acre is somewhat above the ten-year
Siate averaces in Kentucky, Tennessee, Oblo,
} Marviand and Wisconsin,andbowe! sich aver
j aces tn V trginfa, North Carolina and Pennsy-
vania,
| In the Southern Atlantic States the sweet
tato crops suifered from lack of moisture.
per acre io

 
  

| and excepting Georgia, the yield
those States ig below the ten-year ‘average.
| The yield in Tenemee corresponds oor
| with Une average of the Inst ten years, and {n
all tho other States in which eweet potatoes
are grown on a commercial scale, conditions
have heen favorable and large yields are re
ported, fexas reporting ¥& onshels per acre,
@s compared with &@ ae averace of 79
bushels, and New Jerse 133 bushels per acre,
as compared with a ten-year average of 103
busheta
While the promise of an enormons apple
| crop with whieh the season started ott has
| not been fully reqized, nine of the { urtean
States having three million or upward apple
| treaee in bearing at the last census reporte
production in excess of the ten-year average.
{here Las been a large production of pears,
California alooe, among the ten principal pear.
producing Stites, failing to report a crop in
eycose of the len-vear average.
{ A preliminary estimate of the cotton crop,
| upon reports from the Department
| Tew ilar correspondenta, from ginnere an
| from individual
|

planters fepprementen b
the Investigations of special agenta, wi be

issued early in December,

An estimate of the wheat erop will be tasued
as Soon as the individual farm returns are
avalanle for compartson with the reports
of the Department's regular correspondents,

haser

TREASURY SURPLUS.

 

It Amounted to 67,065,854 in November, and
to 832,105,510 for Five Months,

Waarrncton, Dec. 1—The Govermment ree
ceived $7,085,854 more than it spentinthe month
of November just ended, and the surplus ace
cumula ed in the Treasury since the beginning
of the fiscal year is $12,106,819 The gain of
receipts over expenditures is considerably
more rapid than if was during the firat three
months of the current flecal year The re
cetots during November amounted to @48,844,-
fia and the expenditures to $41,278,600. The
receipts were Trom these sources Customs,
$18..50.2%) internal revenue, $27,559,150; mis
eeNaneona, $2,205,058

fhe receipts for the first five montha of the
figenl vear were €244.995.058 and the expendi.
tures $227. 880,593 The receipts during Novem.
her exceeded those of the Same mont! last year

by aheut $1500.00 and the expenditures last
month exceeded these of November, 1890 by

 

 

 

about the game amount The receipts for the
first five months of the fiscal vear ave smaller
by 5.000.000 than for the corresponding perlod
of last year

CONPFERUNCE ON THTE SUM-IDY RIL.

Senator Frve Save an Effort Will Be Made to
Take Up the Bill on Wedneeday.

Dee 1 Senatera Free and

Hanna and Representative Gro venor met to-

dav rt the Arlington Hote with the

members of the General Committee of twenty.

WASH INGTON,
bere

three years ago by Senator

of fF ming and carrying
at

th.

nted
or the purpee
aShin Scbsids
of all

ve apr
Frie
ti roug
with
invol ed
Pres det Griseom «f the American Steam-
re, iseharimonof that committee, and
‘ hours and

that would meet
varied

the lileresis

favor

sh p
eme ting lasted
for the purna.e « considering
othe Ship Su osidy bill aa
1 5

tour

no”
ogetit into « form as will be
et with faee enouch to nave

said after the meeting that
mittee wonld meet on Monday
uidb made to bnig the billup

fe nor

 

ard on efor w
on Wedn «c

 

“éiub
[Gocktails”
$500,0R war:

We have edvertced fornine }
pears (hata cockta.) made of |
ne same materlalsand propor
tons and aged ts retter than
one Wetis mede as waned. To
more strongly Impress the pub-
lie with our stat mentand to
remove such little, un juss preju-
dices as may eaict rgainst the
“Club Cocktails,’ we now offer
$500.00 to any party who
will prove our assertion to be
untu

AVOID IMITATIONS.
i For Sale by al! Druggists and Dealers
| |G. F. HEUBLEIN & BRO., Sole Props

20 L.roadways, N. ¥., Hartford, Coun,

MATA TIAN
Ces

     
  

 

  
   
 
  
  

    

B.Altmand@o.

 

eon

 

On Monday, December 3d, unusuafty interesting values will
be offered in the following departments,

FUR DEPARTMENT,

Fur Lined Capes, Paletots and Driving Coat,

Broadtail, Persian Lamb and Alaska Sealstin Costs made to order
from special measurements,

Plain Persian Lamb Coats

» 15.00

Persian Lamb Coats with Chinchilla or Baum Marten

Alaska Sable Scarfs,

- §.75

Dyed Brown Fox Boa, Q,5()

Alaska Sable Muffts,
Dyed Brown Fox Muff,

. 3.50

135.00 |
Mink Ser  « %0.00
Dyed Brown Fox Sears 7,75
Mink Mu, . . §75
10.75

Alaska Sable Storm Collars with chuster of tall, 15.75

 

CLOAK DEPARTMENT.

Evening Wraps, Carrlage Cloaks, Traveling Coats, Pauletel,
Blouse Jackets, Box Coats and Reefers.

REEFERS of Black Kersey or Cheviot, Black or
Colored Silk Lining, 4 413.50

BOX COATS of Oxford or Kersey, satin lined,

BLOUSES of Velour trimmed with braid, satin lined,
BLOUSES of Velour with White Revers, L’Algion

Collar ’ e . e

16.50
22.00
25.00

 

SILK DEPARTMENT.

Waist, Skirt and Dress Lengths
of Colored and Black Silks, including Poplins, Crepes, Satins
Tafletas and Pancy Silks at REDUCED PRICES.

 

COLORED DRESS GOODS

for House and Evening wear, including Crepe de Paris, Nun's Vellings
Silk and Wool Grencdines, Albatross,

Lansdowne and Henrietta cloth in Plain and Embroidered efficets

 

IMPORTED VIGOUREUX SUITINGS

In Dress Lengths, suitable for presents; heretofore $1.00 per yard,
to-morrow Monday,

Six Yard Lengths, Seven Yard Lengths, Eight Yard Lengths

4.20

 

4.90

5.60

UPHOLSTERY DEPARTMENT.

Irish Point Curtains, Panels and Sash Curtains at
REDUCED PRICES.

Three Hundred Pairs Lace Curtains, formerly $7.50 to $13.50 pair, af

$5.90

Pity Bed Sets (full size),
$12.50 Set, at.

Four Hundred Vestibule Panels,

$7.50
formerly $8:50 € $6 95 wa 8.50

formerly 95¢c. to $1.50,

Eighteen Hundred yards of Sash Lace,
formerly 60c. to $1.10 yard, at

$9.75

at 58c., 75¢. and 85c.
48c., 62c, om 78c.

One Hundred Pairs French Velour Portieres, reversible,

$27.50 Par

Eighteenth Street, Nineteenth Street and Sizth Avenue.

 

RIGHT OF WAY FOR THE CANAL.

Agreement Ready for Signature When Con-

gress Abrogates the Clayton- Bulwer Treaty.

Waanixoton, Dec. 1 —Sefior Luis Corea, the
Nicaraguan Minister, eaid this afternoon that
it would be impossible to conclude a treaty
between the United States and Nicaragua,
granting right of way for the canal to this
countrys, until Congress takes some action re-
garding the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty or the
pending Hay-Pauncefote convention, which
was laid before the Senate at the last session,
but has never been ratified Sefior Corea de-
clined to enter into a discussion of the negotia-
tions that have been going on between his
Government and the State Department, but
it ia certain that the negotiations have not vet
resulted in the signing of atreaty = The state.
ment is made that the prospective agreement
gives to the United States absolute free right
to build and operate the canal and to police it
The conferences held by the representatives
of the two governments are described as having
for their purpose a tentative agreement ready
for immediate signing as soon as Congress
shall take the necessary steps to abrogate the
obligations existing toward Great Britain under
the present treaty

THREE VROTECTEN CRUISFRS.

 

 

The Navy Departm at Advertises fer Pro-
Pposals for Const:ucting Them.

WasninatTon, Der 1 --The Navy Department
to-day adveitised for propo als for consti ucting
by contract hree protectod cruisers The
bids will be receiv d at thy Dapartment until 12
o'clock noon, Friday, Feb. 1, 1901, s hen they wilj
be pubic y opened. A circul tr cefir.ing the chief
characteris‘ ice of the vessels has been prepared
for diat.ibution araone bidder- }o-me of pro

and contract will be furntehed after Dec,
irtment reserves the right to reject
all bids no: considere i advantageous

| | @uy AS
| to Government, and no bid wil be con-

siderei which nropose to furciab vemela of | as
than ae Sr displaceme t, or of ices
than 32 knots 8 on i. or having a bunker
Teves are ws be complied witha Sirp-ads
Months. 7

.

PUBLIC DEBT STATEMENT.

Total Debt, 91,800,951,666; Decrease Duxing
November, 63,337,446.

Was8Inaton, Dee, 1.--The public debt states
ment, isaued to-day by the Treasury Depart
ment, shows that in the month of Nowember
the debt of the United States decreased $8,288,
444. The interest-bearing debt was not changed,
but the debt on which interest had
decreased $348,429. The debt bearing ae i»
terest decreased $797,985, while the cash te the
Treasiry increased $2,171,7% The debe om
Nov #) stood: Interest-bearing debt, tO,
409,75", debt on which interest had ceased,
3,081,419 debt
Saal Steno O° Inrent Sar

The cash in the Treas made
of the following items EZ i ‘Gel3
coin and bullion, $15.0,0"). Trust
to redeem, otatanding certificates: ald one
$254,7,970 silver dellare and bullion, :
922.0) United States notes, $1,690,000,
eral fund: Gold coin, bullion and certd
268,295,735: silver deflars, tallion and
cates, $8,693,49) Umted States notes, $1
657, other assets, $11,152,742) in pational
depositaries, $65,420.94. total, $1.114,481,087.
Against this there were outatanding:
certificates, $254,07,97, silver ce
25,374,8), currency certificates, $1, ,
reasury notes of 18%, §63,448,0M;
laneous liabilities, $99.765.787: orve
$150,090"). leaving an available cash
ance of $129, 178,701

BUSINESS |
LITERATURE
EDITED.

We are prepared to edit, revise and eorrees
Booklets and Circulars for business men, whe
preter to do their own wi iting, but realise that
their copy needs pre aration for the press.

Pricea/made known upon application.

Int awe molicitad

(PYRITERS' AID ASSOCIATION,
Ke. 160 Naseas 60,
New Wea City.

,

l

   

et

=