LIFE ON THE DANUBE,

A nrrmosric’ or rue tories nny
rae Gnete neem prom THEN

A Ward Place to Start Prom the md Cite

of Vresshara Scene tiene the leer

& fleet View of Hadapest he State

 

 

Ht barbs { wninet
fhe November « eatfol ! wie
behold Muda he evenmne twilaht After a
four poor dew ‘ rf aelene
contrast | ' we een elewabete Youn
append weeb ernie . a | ‘
mountione wel el great pone foreete on
racts andderp rawine. ¢ may eeplore the
Oroesia ko Suet ey enand Leta
all wren} 1 foet see nothing «a
peonutine!s te fromed heml'«

thane? hud

Winter in the Hongar mocapitabepensin goed

previous to describing sone

features of a voyoge bither
from Vienna Tet ld di that though a arent
many only pass throcah on their way tooother
parts of burope at d Asia. the number of oc
cassional \ ra who stay for health hes
farwer than dormer!

[tanuat have been one of the last boats of the
season in which Peare down the river te ently
from Vienns A twilight on the Danube is

beautiful, the receding hills wrapt op @ purple

haze and haleidoscoped ngainsta v of clearest

blue Already the deep golden russet f the
Bungariin autuinn is so advanced that it strews
the ground Golden avenues of pines and

chestnulsareonevery hand

There are many places where one can bina
on this journey Indeed, the traveller who 14
well informed asto his surroundings as he steanis
down from one great capital to the other has
many temptations From the onstles of the
great totherninsof the fallen, from theretreatso€
of dynastiosof to-day to those of the pasthecan
wander for days and still leave many monastic
abbeys and others unexplored in the veumity
He will have to enter the country for some of
them

The Alesuth estate, where the Archduke
Joseph frequently resides, is near the eood-
sized town of Bieske and has a todel farm
worthy ite name and of the best in Hungary
Count Esterhazy has a caste up near the
nt Tata-Tevares And of the areat-
rninded in the larger
thalf was between Budapest

mou tains

 

ness of the falle:
¢ity of Baal, ab
and Vienna, by the old palace of Ziehs, where
the first Napoleon had to defend himself in 1s00
This is on the Little Danube

On this tributary as on the great stream

 

 

Stself the grain is shipped and stored in large

quantities, notably here at Moson, a sn all

town of 5,000 inhabitants: and not far from this
is the Agricultural School with botanical garden,
said to be the best in the whole country, Of
abbeys, by the way, the Cisterclans have two,
both famous, within easy reach of the Danube,
one romantically situated in the Bakossy forest
and the other at St. Gotthard,

I had opportunity on this single vovage of
eluding that great variety, the peasantry and
countryman of the Danube, Starting at 6
A M from the Viennese suburb, which is said
to be as dificult to find on foot for an English
or American as Millwall might be to a Portu-

guese, gesticnlating on Westminster Bridge,
ft took us half the lonw day to reach Pressbure
At the present turn of the seasons there fs a
crowd of these migrating bucolics boarding
the steamers (when there are any? below and
above that most interesting of cities, which is
well worth the excursion it generally inspires
in the breast of the river tourist. From its
rutned Koniesburg and Gothic cathedral to its
aneient ghetto and the Maria Teresa rnonument
it is full of that interest which industrial com-
pecition and art culture lend tosuchattractions
and over 40,000 inhabitants
It was no more than | expected therefore
that my fellow travellers on the Duna steaim-
boat from Vienna were of many types and com-
plexions, Here was the toiler of the flelda of
the lower Danubian provinces transferring
his family and bagwage to a sunnier climate
by the aid of his friendly Duna. Tt costs him
but a few krone to wet hundreds of miles down
stream, and he will eecastonally pass through
two kingdoms to his destination. But if is
frequentiy the Magyar or the Roumanian
] Suspect vou meet on these protracted trips,
though they are remarkably discreet in their
confidences Astotheir intelligence it is un
questionable. And were it not that their vigor-
ous frames roughly but warmly clad and weath-
er-worn but handsome features denote an ex-
fetence of greater value to themselves than
peripatetic notemakers allow us to realize at
a distance, one might be led to compassion-
ate in them har ships that may net commonly
evist among those we meet on such journeys
‘They are repres native, and instructive in
more respects than your correspondent has
leisure at present to refer to
They have not escaped, as | have constantly
noted during my present stay, that linguistic
fever which has recently swept over a large
tract of Europe, much as a thought wave
For 1 cannot be eve that the medley HAL
of this class betray is other than a Jargon of
native patois, interspersed by a little Ger-
man or some other tongue (frequently Ena
lish) which thev have picked up by chance
during their peregrinations from one clime
to another .
Acconunodation at the riverside towns can
be procured without much diflculty: venders
of peaches and pears did a lively trade at sone
of these, and we stretched our hands eagerly
for them over the boat side to beguile the
long day between those repaste which they
supply in good style on these Danube steam-
ers. Just now these fruite are succeedet by
the apples, which are fine and plentiful all up
the country. In the market place of Pesth
they make @ rare display
On inquiry Lb becane inpressed how essen-
tial it is to have guidance as to the location
of theattractions on either side of the Danube
When leaving it or travelling by rail in these
parts. you should take the route via Bruck,
eapecially for those places aforementioned
‘This will also assist vou in wetting at Sarvar,
the fortress castle of the Archduke Franz
Ferdinand d'bste, at Bogat the splendid
ark and castle of the Count Pestetios, and
Yevecser, another estate of the Count Bester.
hazy, with its great castle
The other route via Marchegge, with a lesser
deflection from the greater stream, will a--
sist you to siebts of equal grandeur, besides
Pressbure and Galanther And the Ameri-
can tourist, though you will find tim every -
where in season, Will uo doult admit as readily
that the lack of a little guidance beforehand
has greatly involved their efforta to get at
these notable places without wreat loss of
time With the river boats and from this
uneture you can easily find, for instance,
‘o't-Megver and the easde of Count Karoly),
situated near to the beautiful Neutra Vailey,
the village of Apponey with the famous ruined
castle of the Forgachs and the present Count
Apponey's castle and Galgoez where Count
“oseph Erdody has a new castle on the hi),
near one of the most remarkable of ancien:
ruios, Hubebure Close to this is the tinpos
{ng prison fortress of Lipotvar which bas all
to appearance of what it is, a penitential
place, as it frowns from tts @reat ramparts
Holics, one of t arges! estates aicnutne
to the retwnin he provides them and thetr
guests with good pheasant and other shooting
pnd at Stampfen, not far off, can be seen Count
alffy’s castie with its noble demesne  Sev-
eral oof these noblemen have fine racin
and breeding studs at the places mentions a
or their other country eatates These, like
the Archduke's stables, would interest the
most ordinary tourlets, but are worthy par-
tieular description in themselves for the lovers
of such enterprise But thoroughbred studs
are even more numerous turther down the
fiver, on the other side of my headquarters
Of these another tine
Thus, the trip here in the autumn from Viennan
{a one whereof you can either miss or make
a wreat dea! The inland scenery, is in some
parts enchanting, WS associations, romarntt
and historic, and in the latter sense the above
mentioned are but a few of ite attractions
As we came, as it appeared in the night
suddenly upon Huda the electric and gas hr
ecene on both sides the river was highly. frm-
pressive Tt is a city hidden by a long defile
of hilis, and you almost get weary of the moun-
tain girt loneliness as it emerges brightly from
ita gloom It was a fareseeing brain that lo-
cated this good old city. Even to-day, with
all our engines of war, it isa formidable defence
The well-known English artist, Walter Crane,
as been lecturing in this country, and there is
exhibition of his pielures now open at en
he large gallerics [n TRudapest Besides
of his original designs it includes’ the
asance of Venus" and a beautiful pas-
t is much aperepiated, ' t
the roelon markets at their best vou
feed, Pac to steam down the Danube iled
a tow Sornens of the squares they were until
Raw bale eks back in full supply. They are
the One @ Toasted all along this country, like
bs ance ey nuts they get here. They are
od * Y the peasaniry, who appreciate
vod beef and mutton, nevertheless, as 4 sort
erat ari
© sudge of the m pt vd “
SeuaNtys ‘hie be tet taeeaen ten ee
Average better than T have seen and are re-
markable even in size The fruite have been
rod and fairly plentiful, though considered
Arce, as elsewhere, cornpared with some other

 
  

  

 

 

 

  

 

  

  

  

 

 

 
 
   
 

  

ons. The grapes have + fi
he best samples of the « . Masventes
_ Yeally good, Voough there ra dhe vintage
Nerion in these facta Tt ian vine-

are no doubt realizi rei rtuni-

ab and whethe
eine of Hames Meat ns been

 

  

  

 

 

the forelan tarkete the e Tike
elr own and de foge thede yell
ier Promae the ‘
4 1 weld le a arent ‘a!
{  Mirrmewor great the demand ot
veel tae hele entre here eyond
wt fort the romped ttle
hore Chan be feud
tf wereld te fat te conelode that thle beta
“te live f other Lipide And thave net
eer better beer detnher among tooderate
| people, ae Nnetrinne decidedly are Ihere ia
he enr \ ror beer finm bor sf herein
‘ wel Mendel
4 int thy wae honored her ' |
nd the rleer wails decked «ith taae the
liter hed out geod force and wrand
" he be itre ar and beneine lhe
revies ' ' te wore we ‘ i o ”
Pere are few wrander ciahts t her Av
Heraatian reginnent« when toa { tomether
! he eit peered podnt neh the relectee
fort thie ' te Ala arent
' ere othe we on vw oar rm
ene ' steul © tee ge ‘ eee
oe Peeve graced j pied

St ZEPPELINGS GIRS Sd

How tt Looked to an American Bho Wasina
Hoat on Lake Constance

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

Me the Malu hee Senivue
Lrnst HE KRronehage was one of the spectitine
a rin made by Count Zeppelit
Hieehine Ot of Lake Constaner
intoot the experiment written by Mr
Ihrer wehbe describes the performances
"he mur nas dectdediy it teresting
\ few ourmsts decided te reman a few
seeks tongerint @ hope of bennas “ esses to
thisepoch-making experiment, save Mr Kron-
shage and we did net stay on vain On the
st of Ohtoher we recernved authoritative
word fa hens that the ascension would
posit ot tak jane featt bier s wind,
mothe afternoon of the Weadt day followitie
On Wednesday, therefore, we boarded a
steamner, and proceeded out upon the lake,
aving the steamer finally at Tnmenstaad,
eight miles from Konstan yy othe north shore,
for three miles further on and about half way
to the fmipoertant portof Friederichafen, = the |
big nondeseript structure wherein the Count and |
his workmen have created and housed the latest
wonder of the world It wae teow reads
past velock and still no signs of activat
were poticeable True. there were two large
steamers iehored near the balloon house
‘aye ore of whi our fleld glasses deseried
the poval pennant oof Wortembure But
the seconds sped on inte minutes, the minutes |

dragged themaelves into another hour and
strli ne encouraging sian A rumor which
we afterward ascertained to have been the
truth, then made the rounds that the King
had not returned from the hunt on which he
had set out early that) mernin and that
the ascension would not take place until he
returned The Queen was on board the
@teamer, but not her roval consort Most
of our party were contentto remain in the
Wirtshaus where they were comfortably set-
tled behind their big ‘steins’ of Munich beer
But the United States contingent with two
others hired a rowboat and set out for the
geene of action

“We soon distinguished the general features
of a balloon house, which looked for all the
world like a tobacco shed, except that there was
a row of eleven windows all along the side
But later inspection proved it to be a remarkas
ble structure the most perfect of its kind
ever devised The building is 450 feet long,
78 broad and 66 high, and gracefully rests on
ninety-five pontoons It is anchored atone
point only, so that it may turn, like a weather-
cock, With the wind, the rear end being poitt-
ed in order to diminish the resistance « bike air
The balloon, whieh in its proportions conforms
closely to those of the house. rests on a pone.
toon platform of its own, and may be easily
moved in and out through the large portal
inthe frontend The advantages of such a shed
ior the experimental trials of the machine are
obvious, no ground to fall on and nothing te
run Against; again, is the shed always points to
the leeward, the vaventor gains the aid of the
wind in getting the ha loon out of the shed with
the minimum of dangers and the maximum of
speed

Hardly had we taken in a few of these
characteristic details of the balloon shed when
we were startled by a ringing cheer from the
nearby shore Quickly glancing back to the
shed, our sight was wladdened by the colors
of imperial Germany slowly unfurling them-
selves to the breezes from the topinast flag-
staf Then we knew that our expectations
were to be fulfilled and that our long watch

 

 

 

wa<drawingtoaclose What were our feelings |

when a few minutes later the white pointed
wak of the aerial monster slowly bewan to issue
rom the cavernous depths of tte riveterious
home Slowly, majestically, the entire hength
of this white and silent creature floated out
on tie lake and soon was towed to a spot about
half a mile distant from the shed The eables
holding the balloon were quickly loosened,
and the whole migantic muss was held in post-
tion by five score or more of soldiers of ihe
balloon division of the German Army After
a few hearty handshakes with the offlcers in
command of the float, the Count, his engineer
and three intimate friends took ther places
in the cars, the word was given, wid ther ’

"No, the balloon did not shoot up like @ skye
rocket, as we see them at the county fairs. 1
seemed rather to hang quietiy in the air for a
while, like a sea bird poising for fight slowly,
eracefuilly, majestically it rose, the noble fiaure
of the Count, with lis white beard blown by
the breeze, standing forth in clear relef amainst
the dull, eray sky Like some wizard of old
he seeaned, who held the eletnents of earth in
meek submission. The speed of ascent was
soon increased, and when at a beiwht of about
six hundred or seven hundred feet the pro-
pellers began to whirl, the ship fa.riy whizzed
through the air, the wind being then at its
back. Then followed the more anaving ex-
hibition, far surpassing the most sanguine
expectations The balloon obeyed its master
like a perfectly trained horse, It turned to
the right, it turned to the left, with the wind
and against the wind, and finally turned rap-
idiy around on its own axis several timer Ry
means of the running weight the balloon then
frequentiy changed from: its horizontal post-
tion to the oblique with perfect safety Like
4 trained animal it rose, as it were
lews or knelt down at a word from its trainer
always regaining the most perfect equilib-
riuni After this successful extibition, the
Count proceeded to the more diMfloult task of
sailing directly against the wind a test not
only of the aurship’s speed, but of the eMfleacy
of its course against such odds Here again
the effort was a distinct success The steer-
ine wear worked perfectly, and two fast elec-
trie launches, which started directly under-
heath the balloon, were unable to keep up
with it Of course the wind was bot severe,
bat stil it was brisk enough to give the pro-
pellers and rudders an adequate test

‘The air ship was now operating ata heleht
of 1.0 feet. ond at this juncture passed directly
over our heads

“But the deepenme shadows alone the tree-
lined shore began to warn us that the yeesper

 

  

 

 

hour Was drawing near, and if we wanted to |

catch our steamer it was high time to leave
the seene of our afternoon's pleasure As
we were bow nearer to Fredericlhshafen than
Truimenstaad, We turned our course in this
direction Wei continued to wateh the ait
ship manauvringst il distance ond darkness
combined to hide it from, our sight’

HERE'S AN AULTOSIED.

Inventor Calls tt an Auto-Mo-Sled-— Steam Con- |

trivance for Use on Snow or Ice.

Bangor, Me, Nov 80 = Automobiles of the |

rather scarce in this State,

  

ordinary kind
but when it comes down to sleighing in style,
the Pine Tree Staters are ina fair way of ont-
doing the rest of the country this winter lra
Peavey of this cily, a mechanic of experience,

has just completed the model of an “autoe |

sled” and savs that when the thing is com-

pl
deepest drift that ever piled on Main street
and transport passengers with despatch

Phe auto sled will be 10 feet long, 3 feet high

 

 

and 4 feet in width and will be propelled by |

a gasclene engine of twenty horse power — In
foreing the sled forward two alnel oy hinders
are used, each to feet long and 26 inches in
diameter Wie d around these eviinders and
tirtuly attac hee othe outside, are spiral cons
Poinches high and Sinehes wide with deeniy
coucaved surfaces and capable of taking hold
of the most tew surface ihe eviinders are
aliached to the engine by means of bevel genr-
ina and the speed ear stly regulated to
suitthe person who guides the vehicle

Mr Peavey calls hix invention an “auto-
mo-sled” and is confldent that it will make
rapid time on the ow-covered highway or
on ice He has been working on the steam
sled tor more than five \ears and the greatest
part of this Ure was spent in experimenting
with the revolving runners. He found that
if both the spirals were put on rieht-handed
that the sled would @o to the right, while it
would wo the other direction if the enirals were
left hand After he had inade one rieht aud
one left-handed, there was more thinking
to be done By putting the coila close to-
wether he could develop great power of pro
pulsion, but could make but lithe epeed Sp
rales pul wider apart gave speed without power
anid to meet both conditions he has constructed
two sete of runners, one tor work on the level
road and the other for hill climbing

The evlinders run fore and after with the
auto and the power ts furnished by donble
piston rods #«o arranged that the engine ean
never get on acentre. The tubing and frane-
work as well as the cylinders are of thin highly
tempered «teel, so that the whole sled, with
boiler, seats, enwine and all does not weig!
over 1,2 pounds. The vehicle is guided
by a set of runners attached to the front of
the main body of it and has a handle running
back to the driver's seat like electric and steam
automobiles.

  

  

 

   

 

 

 

called dte-ctes

QUEER CAUSES OF FIRES,
paves ove Pen veNE Avows 10 ne |
1 INCPNOTAnIAN

ovine erenee

eC atled Ararert
Marmices Watertate

Strange Wavein Which M1
nue Sometimes Start
That Recome Dangeroes When Combined

( ataloane

treating place

  

 

oft the morn through the house
hand wel mat
the obieet of the
fintt of thedrving ofthe family
Pre quently
thes banging inthe
The aarinents dry out during the niaht
blown agains

ditions will net

the favorite sehenes ¢

ming Nehter

To the back of the chainis ted

The cord ix passed out through

desired moment, tipsets the char, and the tari. departinents that the

ing oil from the stove starts the blace Whenever the authorities of the tre deparitnent
brackets to be

Hundreds of fires

chunee the

oved or tide stationary
. ' .

ve been caused try
abted boib

bvperimenta

requires fourteen tune

of electricity is turned on

 

ers in sueb
could cone th eonta
With a special reference ape
fires as possible,
swinging bracket
onsekeener
ecocobination of ¢

nthat the Mane
with lace curtains

have shown
parently toons

to melt the glass bulb
surrounding it

and set afire the

   

esis the mantel decora.

 

ompetent electrician, and the plumber and |
| the painter, who are too free with their st irlt
In an investigation of $65 suspicious |

fres made in 180s by Peter Seery,
| shal of New York, there were only two fires |
which were absolutely proved to have been |
In several other cases |
persons were arrested on the charge of
uries failed to conviet then
wation of these fires resulted in the arrest of | subiected in the winter time to @ steady heat

's Hable to combustion
schenieals are kept the varie-

the fliinsy

fire in the erate there is danger
houses small

taking fire

the Fire Mare | The mantel
embroidered

in many cases this decoration
the stove,
fat-souked
In sone houses there are wardrobes
clothes closets

tinselled cloth
has caught

endlary origin

Phe tive stl- doors and

} ym the chim
twelve persons, the majority of whom were | from the chimoey

discharged Magistrates for

tively innocent substances themselves may

come in contact and generate heat sufficient to

 

a moral certainty of the guilt

Ihere were in New | freighters came to this port recently
eargo composed of crude chemicals and cotton
There had been an explosion of acids before the
It seemed tmipossible to che
had communicated to the eotton
wenerated heat sifffeient
erate the chlorin
ime powder
| keeping the fire in check,
' ting fumes nearly caused the death of some of
went into the hold to flaht the
In the storage of all Kinds of materials
He j too mueh care cannot be exercised
consideration
chances of fire are
The observance of the simn-
ple rules laid down by fire departments would
freqnently
wating the origin of mysterious fires

of the accused persons
| York citydn 1898 4.250 fires from all causes
Those whose duty is to investigate fires

of suspicious origin are confronted with many
Not the least of these is the mane
| ner in whieh citizens, apparently for ne good
reason, deliberately mislead the Investigators
deputy fire marshal once spent nearly a day
in the investigation of a fire whieh he believed |
to have been the work of an incendiary
would probably have still been
with regard to it had he not overheard a con-

*k the flames,

 

Ihe chlorine materially aided in
its suffoca-

 

the sailors wh

the dark | must
\ alr does not cireuiate the
greatly increased

where the fire had occurred A woman
) sinwelng achicken in the kitehen of one of the
4 blaze from the burning paper
| had ignited a towel whieh was drying over the
stove and the fire spread rapidly throughout
Thinking that she
eaireles sess
questions of the ofMictals ¢
great deal of trouble, besides bringing inno.
cent persons under susp icon
An investigator of fires of peculiar origin
sich as are constantly occurring in large cities,
of chemistry,
physics, architecture, and of a variety of other
It is not generally
indigo and
destructive

apartnjeb's

 

 

SAVINGS OF CHILDREN.

Bright, Apt or Literal Remarks Made by Brook-
lyn Pupils to Deachers,

 

d put then toa

 

The teachers of the Brooklyn sel

| heapsof fun over the strange things that happen
when the specialists come around with new
modelling,

knowledge
dodges in physical culture or clay
they have to devote ®o much time to the
fad~ added to the course of etudy that, they sas
ey tind the children backward in grithmeti«

arts and sciences
for instance, that a combination of
linseed oil te a prolific source of
Fabrics dyed with indigo and finished | t
with a preparetlon of linseed oil will, if stored
in a eonfined
It was only

and spelling In consequence of this they say

themselves,
inselvon nany of the childrens

afew vears ago that a dry
house was nearly destroyed because the
prietor did not know the destructive qualities |
of oil and of the Indian dye
packed away
generates enough heat to set itsell on fire
one of the principal cities of the United States
the laboratory of a perfurner was nearly wrecked
The wiaker of scents belheved
that a dischar@ed eniployee had set fire to
wae shown that
} due to the slow evaporation of a tial
ina roon. in which a eniall laboratory gas stove
, had been left burning
There passed through the streets of Boston
a few years ago a load of bay which
enveloped
the hav wagon wae about to assault a guileless
youth who was smoking « cisarette,
The trouble, however, had nothing to do with
bot was caused by the |) |
the wheel rubbing against an tron rod | ‘In
on the side of the wagon
seen the spark caused by the contact between
the pieces of metal fly
manufacturing

ch the eraminar erades
words that
‘lo prove this
of the teachers have collected batches

pros ) without
Lampblack when schoolbooks
ill-ventilated
of Judicrous anawers to Questions put to the
For example, in one of the schools
Pedford district
to give the definition of the
The bov shorted out
“A man who part» his hair in the middle and
In the Gloaming’
The teacher stniled and said:
¢ | Where did you hear that

‘The boy replied
at our house on}

by an eaplosion

word effeminate

“My dear child,

“Phere was a young man
night and he had his
hair parted in the middle and he sang the song
the Gloanung *
sister said he Was vers

One of the teachers

surette smoker,

A bystander had effeminate

into the hay,
frequent | Was teating the nemory o
of & lesson the story of the
* boys Was asked to de-
ellis of how Ellen Doue-
tou ask the Kong to pardon her father
she Was told that
she would know the Wing trou the others in the

establishinents ls after the

cause of flres is the rubbing of leather beltin
the edmtes
which it passes from floor to floor

goods house uo large
was blown open by some force generated within |
there issued a
in the vault for at least twelve hours
The steel box was filled with paper dolls, be-
tween each pair of which there was « film ©
4 three-inch steam: pipe was
vault and the heat
the feniperature of

iron bex to such a degree that the
Guneotton
component parts of celluloid and the ex-
plosion was the natural result of a combination
of guneotton and high

the climan white
remembered

room, because he would be the only one there

had raised

sudsome Karb she Gared,
then stood Lew idered and amared
bor all stuod bare w

FitzJames alone wore capand pl

said the teache
vinited | this in vour own language
And the bey

fernperature r, “L want you to write
jate glass window
reat of the August |
The comb blazed

Chicago had its origin ina
The pane concentrated the
sun upen a cellnloid comb
and sputtered and soon the other saruples of
celluloid whieh
The flames communicated
stock of inflarninable merchandise
overweening fondness

@ following

into the room every one in there was stark naked
were around ak

to the remainder

 

and | y ile distriet of Brooklyv1
ire of Geriatr
in the primar

where the marority of
parentage a
department to give
he sentence

on ite hind |

unked a bros
he had in rege Ae efth
tuatches which the rats and
between the floors of buildings
| usual thing when structures are being torn ¢ in ehorus
down to find that the rodents have lined their
brimatoue-annointed
steal an old-fashioned !
aN Op por. |

in the class raised a hand and

The mice and rats will
mateh whenever
tunity and take it away to chew at their leisure
The gnawing process results in the ianition of | aunt comes to see sour mother
| the matches and there follows a mysterious and |
The redents reward paraffine
If the insulation of an |
this waaay

Gatting beer,

 

suspicious fre the wirl answered

a little girl to define
as a choice delicacy ; .

 

 

\ hews In our bakery
petroleum, One of the Brookivn Hig

Wire thus becomes a ready means of starting

 

Ton many cases the steanifitter is responsible
destructive
Close to woodwork @ slow

Ih one of the Se

    

 

trade as 4 free
working at
Sorked on poetry
Williamsburg sehools

a flame trom the car-
conflagta- |
carpenters

draught of

the carelessness of
lremenmorial
trade to sweep shavings in between the joists
Th these dave of electrie wirtna the
insulated wires pass beneath
If either the wire or (he shavings were
reperly insulated there would be
4uf in one WAY or Another the wire is exposed
COMTUMNICE LAS
which mav be lying near it
solder for days and then in the dead of night
| there comes aery of “Fire”
Phe houses ofthe wealthy,
lof freproof construction, are often more
| tenements

| flues in the abodes of wealth and luxury

 

eave bone for your brother,

FUupposed]s

 

ne trouble,
» word fable
The spark may vou Vill doa fable for hin
tne wered a German boy

id and fable,” said

a fable und vou sos

tithes when

|
even it these days | gq young Tristar
N

   

boy of the class

intervenes , rive at school laden with food which they
and highly varnished and inflammable cabinet
Rich hangings and upholstered furni-

which @ fire feeds

 

   

to continuenus

ed he will be able to plough through the |

 

answer forin these dave Fleetricians who are
| supposed to be competent will cross wires and
Violate nearly every principle of comroion <ense
and of electrical science
strands of wire through wooden boxes which
j inthe event of fire, become roaring flies
truetive fires know?
cities have been due to carelessness in placiiur
the wires for electric lahting

the wreatest
have to face is the sudden explosive burst of
flane in a burning building where no hKuown
explosives are present
advanced by experts in fire-flghituy
ons are caused by
A hiah deg:
Theevact nature ofthis @as thes dowotatten
to define, but they say thatitivahie
Inflarumable in
was borne out in @ remarkable wav
] years ago
two sides of a large storehouse building there
The burning buildings were both sep.
vrated fro, the storehouse by the width of the

tly ettinur te apple tencher witt

 

   

abet,

of the most de jon the large

 

   

Viehleville

 

 

 

course the

   

The theory w children

 

 

ol three daws
chleville schools

 

and extremely

   

n Syracuse

 

fseoniof a

     

 

contrnmotor that

 

Javing upon it in the hope of saving it
nulding was filled with cloth and «
preliminary
‘iekeruae or other warning the entire lnulding

 

| and the countr
He nde everything
contractors

iat a jet dgoes he st e hited toe dee
were violently blown out, and fre darted forth what a let of dagoes he qiust lave tod to leip

from thers and at the same time great columns
of flame spurted up from the roof
the air inside the tlehtiv-closed
huilding had become ienited on all sides
{i bad an explosive quality wae equally ap-
This same mar,

A Clock Electrically Lighted,

Among the many elec

' Glock mounted on a wooden box containing a
|

etble for the vivid and beautiful fire balloons | storage batters
that sail up inte the air above large fires
There ia a mysterious property in dust which, |
under certain conditions, produces violent ex.
There have been instances in post
offices whare the dust from the mail bags sus.
pended in the air of a close room has explod
explosions are ol
frequent oecurrence in flour and drug mills
Spontaneous cumbustion covers @ multitude

placed at night ona stand by the bedside where
stretching out a hand, or
# turn of the
ewiteh throws a bright light on the face of the
clock, whenever it is desired to know the time,
The storave battery contains a supply of elec
tricity sufficient to last for months,

Ht ean be reached by
on a mantel

terrific force

UN, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 2, 1900,"
POKER BETTER THAN LAW,

4 prreterin Case apr ony”
PHinNDt) oom

trouble ver a Mtlece of Baal Patate that
Wouldn't Stay on time Side of the Hive?
Henefits for the bawvers Onte in Stahl
Solution in Tao Stacke of Poker Chipe

 

Speakin about poker Th
' ' ° fre aut rom behind the teoe and
’ ial cout | window tal
oer " ther ans ? ® kiekin’ 4
ke as dent understand the reel geranede
vane Chet Chere ny call for
Nobods tl eterke he poker and t
id heen no kicking done in the piece t
afternoon excepting by the old mate buy eel
who had kicked @ yellow dow out fren tebied
the bar where itwadchooling fora place to tees
bot neoone in the party was diepitations« aod!
heold man related the butt of lis etgar and
talked ruaght along
Rightly considered he <aid, draw paher
en benefit toe wtlizath no, besides hein a erent
mora! education to the codividual tout was}
proper reco mized, i would do away wilt
heaps oo titeer an Ikeless Contentions 1

haint a sayin’ but that it tought do away with
all the courts tutthe country, what is the main
cause ooo nostoo the trouble they is If folhes
would settle their quarrels with a deck of cards
in @ stuck oo ehips apiece, (stead oo hority
lawsers an’ leavin’ thongs to juries, the hull
world would att along cheaper an easier,
an’ git justice far more frequent Chan pow
fust naturally thev is eases what couldnt
be sertied that way, but folks gwen ly is capable
oe settlin’ sich cases theyselves If a nigger
steala my chickens | kin lay for him with a
shoteun If ans body sieals my hosa, me an’
my neighbors can settle that satisfactory,
without goin’ to no court, ‘thouten the feller
gite too good a start; an’ any other question
that may came up between two full-grown
men is easy settled with a knife or a gun an’
no fees nor eosts o' court to pay Moetly
every thing that comes up in court might better
be left toa fairsetiiement, man toman, outside
“4n' when it comes to a matter 0° property
an’ each feller reco nizes (lat the other feller
has some rights, too,the easiest an’ most natural
way o' decidin’ the controversy is just what
I said A freeve-out is a blame sight quicker
an’ fairer nor a lawsuit, an’ can't help but be
satisfactory to the man as wins, whieh is all
a lawsuit is, besides eavin’ the costa which
frequent ruin a man that goes to court even
when he wits his suit
"One o° the most beautiful questions that
ever come up before the courts in Arkansas
was finally settled that way to the entire satis
faction of everybody but the Jaws ers that was
gittin’ rich onten it. They called it a beautiful
question, but nobody else that 1 ever heer'd
of called it anything else bul a bad tangle that
couldn't be straightened out under any law
that was ever pul onto the statootes, ‘That
was the case o' Blivins awainet Doggett, on
if ever there was to unfortunate men that
didn't seem to have no «how to git out o° the
clutches o the lawyers it was them same two,

Jim Blivins an’ Jo Dogwett was two as fine
fellers as ever shot catamouut up through the
St. Francis Valley, an’ they was friends, too,
foragood many years. Infact, they was always
friends until circumstances come to be a leetle
too strong for ‘em, an’ even then they didn't
have no special arudge agin each other until
the hand o° Providence took to rubbin’ it in too
strom for poor weak human natur to stand
Thev'd always been nelghbors, havin’ planta-
tions right opposite each other on the St. Fran-
cis River 8 Vins, bis place was on the weet
shore and Doggett, he lived on the east bank
They both had pretty good sized places, mayhe
six or elght hundred acres apiece, an’ was well-
to-do, havin’ plenty o° mules an’ horses an’
all the flain's that) go to tmmake @ plantation
profitable

“Well, evervbody knows what the St. Francis
River is. lis just like old Mississip’ hersel!,
ony on a siiler scale. That is, it runs around
in the valley makin’ a channel for itself, pretty
mnuch anywhere tt likes, an’ changin’ sometimes,
overniaht so's the channel in the mornin’ ts
where dry land was the uight! afore, an’ topsy
versy

“Just naturally this made the boundary line
between Blivins’s place an’ Doggett's. a leetle
ensartin Sometimes Blivins would have con-
sid‘able more reel estate than Doggett, an’
then Doggett would wake up in the mornin’
an find the river a half a mile further aways
from bis house than it was the day before an’
he. consequent, econsid’able richer'n he had
been when he wernt to bed There hadu't
heen no reely disastrous floods, though, sine
they was boys, an’ what one of ‘em gained frm
the other atone time. was pretty sure to come
back to the other afore long, so they didn't
neither of ‘en worry much, an’ they used to
joke one another about it pleasant enough,
though weither of ‘en reely liked it

“There come a time, though, ‘long in the
seventies sometiie, when the river took a new
notion in ite fool head, an’ loppin’ off a good
Dig slice (rn each plantation, ithuiltupa good-
sived island, square in the widdle o' what had
been the channel lt Was good ground, tov,
an’ after a few vears both men begin to see
that they was possibilities of coltivation there
an’ they both began tohauker after that island
At first they had joked about it, an’ made one
or two bers about which side o' the river it
would land on first, for nobody believed it was
goin’ to be a permanent thing

“But rivers is queer things in this part o' the
world, an’ the old St) Francia seemed to he so
tickled at the idea o’ bavin’ two channels in-
stead of one, that it kep’ on flowin’ on both
sides o' the island. an’ the island kep' a gettin’
biewer while Blivins an’ Doegett see their plan.
tations a meltin’ away slowly to build up a
cussed island that didn't belong to nobody

“They was a good deal of talk about it up
an down the river, but nobody seemed to know
Just what the right thing was to do, bo nore
than Blivins an’ Doggett did. an’ there ain't
ne tellin’ what would ha’ happened if Blivins
hadn't struck an idee one day that he though:
was all-fired bright Seems the water got
considable lower in the channel on bia side
than i! wason the other, au’ he says to himself
that if he should sink a Mat boat on his side o°
the river just above the ishand it would send
the water (hrough the other channel an’ leave
the island hitched onto lis plantation

“Just naturally Doggett heer'd about it an’
wae mad clean through ‘Stead o° going over
to Blivins an’ havin’ it out with bin. man to

 

 

 

 

 

 

man, like a man had oughter do, what did he |

do but hire a lawver, an’ the rea trouble
began © course Blivins, be had to git a law.
ver, too. an’ they filled papers an’ took affida-
vits an’ had surveys made, An’ served sub.
penas an summonses an’ stich. an’ settled
thevselves down comfortable for a good larg
fight in the courts with Blivins an’ Dogger to
pay for thea fuu

“Well, they'd Just @ot the case into court an’

  

Was ready to beg ther arguments when there |

 

coroee a big change Pears Blivins bad sunk
his flat boat in the wrong place. an’ the river,
‘stead ov rimnin’ the other way dug in behind

the flat bout an’ turned its full strength ower
toward Blivins’s side, leavin’ Doggett high
an edry with the hull island belongin’ to bin
so far as anybody could see

Just naturally he told lis lawver that he
needn't flight no imore an’ he thought lis
troubles was over But he found out. as folks
does that is a heap easier to git into a law
suit than ‘tis to wit outofit ‘Pearse that his
lawver had fled a clving to the island an’
Blivins’s lawyer had fled bis claim. an’ now
that Dogwett didn't care to press his own claim
no more, be found that he had to tlt
Blivina's Au’ nobody could tell, after iat,
who wes plaiwi? an who was defendant
‘thouten ‘twas the lawyers. au they wae
main coneerned in keepin’ things fe nuxed
up us they could, so's to keep the flelt goin’

Dograett se it ‘peared. had th dein seme

 

 

thinkin’ about the trick Blivins had played on
him in the inatter o' the flathoat, an’ when he
found bissell in possession of the ishund be

eal lated to Us thine so “thes wouldn't
be no question oo whe it belonged to He'd
heen a figarerin’ for some years on puttin’ ap
twoor three new buildin’s. a corner tan a pew
stnokelotse an sieh, an’ be made ip his mind
tort lennon what had been the mhaind “When
I g@it em there, he save, LT don't reckon thes Il
benodiaputin’ ms titletothe landifthe bloned
river does run arotind ‘em’

 

 

 

  

  
 

We ist naturally the river did. an’ when
Dow trowWs deross toawtiunto tus st chebouece
he finds Blivins is claimin’ the batldin'’s too
Talwavs though! Blivins weot a leetle tog
far that time  ‘Peared to te it wits like as if

 

some oo’ Deovett's mules had swutn serost the
river an’ Blvirs had tied ‘ein up an bis stable
However, Blivins's lawyer he said he ‘done
right, ab Deamett's lawser said the other

thine, an’ se the laweuit got wuss and wuss
Well, just natorall Blivius aed Doggett
thes was wou te the devil fast The lawyers

was eatin up their substanee an’ they wa.
both eatin’ ap their hearts with all canner of
Vatred for each other an’ cousiderable diswust
for theirselwes. which of course thee wouldn't
own Up to. hot to save their lives, but whieh
their frends could see plane enough Some
of us that knowed them pretty well, for they
was both frends of mine. used to tale it aver
an’ try te fewer out seme was oo healin’ the
breach, but i want to se bhes was sot on
flahtin’ an was bork the kind that would never
wive up

One time, after they'd heen flahtin’ for
elghtorten vear, an’ was @ittin’ wore au more
tangled up. so's “| nobedy but the lawyere
knowed anything about where they stood, an
the lawvers knowed lesen anv body else, ther
was both up to Litth Rock ‘tendin’ a court
seasion. ay’ | happened to be there on some
business 4n’ To met ‘em

“1 felt pretty bad to see how they was both

 

 
  

  
   

     

never atop
ae hard aa naile

aflow Homan he name of Doggett to ait the

aot went to Dow
whe doen't rou stow

A }he meant i

le apeake

 

ho tran nated
him, ae long ae }
So | eee it Ween!

gota dollar on aon acre left
| dows a lot

to tee to talk te bien neither
roonkin’ over nlaht, an’ long cowarda mer

oe «went for hie nrernir

 

  

thahneed be e
juat about the

to take no notice
but | eaueht ‘em both
| «poke poy little
you two men i neiathbor
ives until the

‘ach other
the buttonhole an

has been friends al

ftable welloff an’ woe eniovin’ life reason.
ible in all ways, suet as vou might dg agaun
dort stand to reason,’ Teave. that the lawvers
citle it for you even tf they eould,
for you're both a parin’ of good money to &o
they'll never quit so long a@-
jel propose

vou've aeotoa dollar lett ;
that you (wo @it together an’ settle the whole

 

Just git a deck o
chips apiece” b says,
chips represent all the land you've
You've both gota
further back
comfortable

ou geoon in the courte veu'll both have
in four or five
ruinous to neither of vou to lose
if you keep op you'll

more fool shines

river banks
oe ground

the lowlands,’ | #a¥s, ‘bn
Well they was consid’uble (ook aback

whether it'd be a ao or not, but lucky for them
they was both raen o’ mood sense an’ thev seed
how sensible my suggestion wus
fo it, an’ PE warn't goin’ to give ‘en no show
to cool off, so TL gets ‘em playin
roon, inside o° five minutes T
pretty. good poker players an’ they fiddled
along for half an hour before either of ‘em got
much the best of it, but Anally Doggett caught
a full house drawin' to two pairs againet Blivins’s
three aces an’ he got away with ’

That warn't the best of it, neither, for just
after they'd settled up with the lawyers an
withdrawn all their lawsuits, there carve along
the great flood of ‘82 an’ the whole St
Valley was ripped out for fair
late in the spring before the flood was over
twas, the lowland was all a lake
riy left on the high
just as I'd figwered they would
If they'd kep’

in the back

he propertr

It was along

Both men had their pro
ground back,
ave, but the lake ie there vet
laweuite they
property flg@htin’
what neither of ‘em could get, but now they're
as dood triends as ever

It was a good illustration o' the civilizin’
effects o' the game o poker rightly considered,
glad to think
Providence
civilized settlenent
would ha’ been a lifelong flight.”

I've alwave
instrument

 

 

CURIOUS FEATURES OF LIFE.

 

With a Breken Arm.
Public Ledger
While loading loge in
morning Charles Wood-
ward broke his left arm, and etarted for the house,
He had taken hie gun with him In
the morning, in the hope of getting a shot at some
On his way home he caught etght of a voung
‘Lhen, loading the dead deer
on his shoulders, he carried {t to hie home and had
tis broken arm attended to

From the Philadelphia
GREITYSBURG,

(wo miles aways

doe, which he shot

 

Reprimand for a Sacrilegious Preac
Louis © lobe Demoerai.
An episode of to-dar's
session of the§North ‘Trxae Conference of the South-
ern Methodist Chusch wae the challenging of the
W. A. Smith of Commerce, ‘Tex., on the ground
that he wae interested in a store, the profits of which
were divided among several other churches for mis-
sion work, and which was advertised on large pla-
cards bearing the inscription, “Jesus Christ, Tro-
After being reprimanded, he promiaed not
to offend similarly again, aud his character was

From the St

How Postmaster Porter Saved $6,000.

From the Denver Republican.

Ren Hatch, Jack Hatch and David ‘Valiver, young
men from Utah, are held in jail at Moab, Utah, on the
charge of having held up the postmaster at Cisco in an
unsuecessfi)! attempt to get their bands on a large
shipment of money passing through that office.
hold-up was atiempted on the night of Oct. 17, and But
for the quick wit of Postmaster Horace J. Porter the
hold-upe would Rave secured about $6,000.

‘The three men by some means became possessed
of the knowledge that a large mum of money would
reach Cisco on the night named. ‘The first reports
were that the amount would be $600,000, but it later
was discovered that the amount was $6,000.
the robbers called on the clerk, the postmaster was
ina rear room, where Le kept the safe.
express oMice and Gepot are all one in Cisco, and the
clerk of the depot master bas the duties of clerk of
the express oMee and post office. ‘The three young
men came tn with masks on and “stuck up” the clerk.
‘\he postmaster heard an unusual poise tn the outer
office, so he speedily opened his safe, put the package
of money in a gunnysack and threw it 'n a corner,
While he was engaged |p this one of the robbers called
him to eome out.

Walt until | get dreased.” reviled the postmaster,
as he closed the safe and locked it.
he Dually appeared tn the front oMece, was duly ‘stuck

yp’ and commanded Ww open his safe.
obl ging and did every thing he was asked to do,
nolhing was
further parley.

‘Tbe post office,

‘Vaking hia time
He was very

went away

Hew a Time Lock Thwarted a Dying Man.

From the Philadelphia Public Ledger.

~The Presbyterian Church
loses a handsome legacy by the de-
cision of the auditor in the estate of the Rev. David

P ANCASTER, Nov, 28.

SS SSS SSS ssl SSS
LS sss

was injured in a driving aceldent. ‘Che night he
died be made his will, bequeathing $5,000 to the eburch.
When told that a bequest to a public institution had
to be made thirty days hefore the testator's death
to be valid he gave H.W. dlartman an order for $4,700
the Mount Joy National Bank,
corecting bom to turn them over to the eburch,
telephoned the benk
directing him to send the bonds tw him that
the bank vault was closed, and the time
tock prevented Lom opening !t wutll the neat morn-
13) that time the Rev, Mr
the bonds were delivered to Mr.
held them pending legal decision
filed hos report, declaring the gift sould, and
rging the execuwr of the clergy man’s estate
the valuc of the bonds and

Conwa) was dead.
Hartman, who
‘The auditor yes

Claims the R ré for Cotton Picking.

Prom (he Aente towrnal

the world’ reeord for colton plehing has been
broken, and to a sixteen-vearold boy
Master Varner
celebrated tis sitteenth birthday a few days ago bs
of lis voung ftlenuds to attend « cotton
sing the day soun@ Hale picked
aAsion shing even himecif

elonge that

S. Hale of Good Hope, Ga.

pieking contest

Decorated the Charch for Her Own Funeral.
J rom the Indianapolis Press.

Wednesday
Katherine Avit, a widow, residing at Galveston,
vatried a fine collection of flowere to the
Christan Church, towhlel ene belonged, andarranged
them about the pulpit for her own funeral
cated sland» in front of the chancel railing, where the
On these stands she stood
two large collections of handsome crysanthemums
vven returned home end arranged her bust
ness affairs and bet funeral wardrobe, She told her
riends that she had a presentiment that ber death

Wednesday night she retired
‘The Coroner and physletaus way
10 DALOTAL causes

(ase county

casket was to be placed

would happen soon
and never awoke
her death was a)

 

Ihis Madstone Stuck 138 Hoars.

Prom the Richmond Times

Morgan of Manchester, who wae biiien

by mn nad dow (to weeks ago, returned Wednesday

North Caroling, where he went in search of a
\ week awo Mondays

when Tleft here | Was almost on the verge of insnn-

whether from the effect of the bite of tue horrible

meniel strata T had been in ainee the occurrence J

know not, but I feit as though I would go mad”

4nd about noon

Morgan “aye,

the stone was ap-
it Was @ emall, flat stone, red in appearance
and abort the size of @ half-dollar,” said Mr. Morgan.
‘and when placed on the wound immediately held
there Wae no shaking {t off. So it remained
for 118 hours, et the expiration of whieh time, having
absorbed all the polson in the wound, it dropped off.”
Mr. Morgan aye he suffered little or no pain dur-
He has with bim a amall madstene,
and has since bis return applied ti to the wound, but,
there being 00 poison in his syetem, it fails to bold.

ing the time.

   

 

FREETHOUGHT CONVENTION

OU FSTIONS HEFORE THE ANSE OF Wee
ea ar cisemsar

(al tngereatt Noth Praised and Critteteed art
Memortal Preret Women Among the
the Hetiat apices Mere

futare Aime of the Organise

 

  

 
  

In Cimeonoatl there hae just been held a "
vention of free thinkers or Tiherabea, who are
banded together in the Amerncan Meoular tL ntore
and bree Thouaht Ledetation, an or@anize
thon said to represent abeut (8.000 pecowle Its
memberehiyy inerenced lorwely during the last

ear, acoording to the Secretary « report, Its
treasury st tae de itisfactory shape that
agdinat expetees of $1000 there were receipts
of $1,000 One of the delegates who was ue
atlendance wes Prof TR Wakeman, the hea@
of the Liberal University of Silverton, ore,
the only institution of ile kind, if is said, in the
world the convention continued for three
days Women as well ac inen were delegates,
One of the Cincinnati pewspapers published
a pleture of the faculty of the Liberal Univere
sity, &@ group of eught women and five men

('wing to the illness of the President of the
federation, Jolin hb Rensburg, Prof? Waukee
man presided, and in lie address stated the
oljects of the union to be “the preservation
fo the secuhior geeverne ent and republieanian
from the encromebiment« of reliwious theocracy
and ecclesiasticians More particularly he
named 4 purposes sought to be accomplished
hy the organization the tusation of chureh
property, the abolition of chaplains in’ the
arty md navy and publlie bodies, to keep
the Boole out ot publie schools, to prevent ape
proproitions forthe support of sectarian achoold
and institutions, to prevent the designation
of religious holidays, Thanksgiving Day being
mentioned as an instance, and to abolish Sune
day laws and the eustom of oaths in the courte,

Sunday was given Upto Ingersoll memorial
ecerciaes ‘The ipost notable of the addresse@
made was that of a woman, Mrs. Josephine dy
Henry of Kentucky

"When the news reached me that Ingerso§
had passed away.” Mrs. Henry said, “LE thoug)t
more than a great man had pessed awar, and
{ shed tears of anguish that this great, intele
lectual giant was dead But mingled wits
them were tears of joy that so great and good
aman had lived. ‘The religious world claiined
that Ingersoll could tear down, but could now
build up. He did not claim to be a builder,
After 1,000 years of religion the upper 10,008
live in juxury, while the lower 10,000,000 live
in poverty After 1.400 years of Christianity
all the civilized great nations are now armed
to the teeth, ready to spring upon the heathea
and wrest their all from them, leaving only
their souls to an unknown God, Had all lived
as good lives as Ingersoll there would be ne
need for a plan of salvation or a fountain of
blood to wash away the sins of the world, ‘The
preacher of to-day is not a man among met,
but @ man among women. Ingersoll was cone
demned because he demanded proof for anyv=
thing he accepted. Neither priest nor potene
tate can stay the righty march of the mind,
and Logersoli’s writings should find a place ia
every public library in the land.”

Dr. S W. Wetmore of Buffalo said: “Dute
ing some of the discussions | have engaged
in I bave heard it said, ‘That is Ingersollism.®
Then I smile, for 1 think ita compliment.”

CIharence 8. Darrow of Chicago said: “Robe
ert Ingersoll was one of the greatest men
of the age, but not perfect Honestiy speak -
ing, this man who loved truth did not do all
he might have done with his great gifts Like
other men he loved the good things of this
earth, and it did not matter much what sub-
ject he painted, he used the saine colors, 4
firer became famous at the Republican Con-
vention in Cincinnati when he_ presented the
name of James G Blaine for President. He
lavished on that man, who never had an aim
except to promote @ eelfish interest, his best
oratorical effort. Again. pt the bier of Conk-
ling gems of though fell from his lips. Conk-
ling was another cold, selfish man, who had
no right to live except to prey. upon his fellow
men No man with such gifts as Ingersol,
had a right to preesituse them so" .

At one of the sessions of the convention
CS Sparks, a lawyer of Cincinnati, who de-
livered an addreas on “The Soul,” said in part:

“Some say that the soul of man is God, then
say God will not damn himself, Others sar
the soul is and always has been and will for-
ever be a coexistent of God Then it is Just
as independent as Giod, and does not need
the assistance of any god If man was
created in God's image, as related by the
Bible, we know that he has g@reaUly improved
in appearance, intellect and gentleness since
the time of his alleged creation, and that he
now bears very little resemblance to his pri-
meval ancesturs, and we also know that his
alleged creator, having made no advance-
ment, no pecarous, still crawl« ip jealous slime
and that the created have hecome so bold as
to deny the story of the creation

We now know that every thought of the
morrow, every desire for offspring, al the works
of marble that seen to breathe and think: all
inventions wrought by ingenious and ennning
hands; every fight on ambition’= wings, the
unsatisfving and restiess disposition of man,
the thirst for fortune and fame; the destruction
of every lie and the worship of every truth,
teach us that this is more thana ‘preparing place
that (his is ‘where we live or die,’ and con.
tradict the existence of the Bible God and cm-
tify that on this earth man may die or live fore
ever

One of the New York delegates announced
that the Liberals were working to prevent the
closing of the Pan-American Exposition at
Ruffalo on Sunday, and that the Seventh Day
Adventists were assisting them in this move-
ment The secretary reported that a. suit
was pending in Nebraska to con pel the authori-
ties to allow children who refuse to take part
in religious exercises to attend schools Vt
was stated that Ohio furnished the largest
number of Liberals There were about seventy
delegates in attendance at the eonvention.
Three hundred persons attended the Ingersoll
memorial exercises. Among the subiects of
addresses delivered were “Some Deductions
Drawn From the Existing Stream of Tendency”
and “The tmpelling Forces of Organized Free
Thought." The convention was the twentye
fourth of the organization

ee)

Downing the Monster Dyspepsia. f

Pron the New Ovlequa Times-Democvat.
“Lam inelined to Se a little dyspeptic,” sald
one of a party of gentlemen who had just takeg
seats in the restaurant, “and I used to he very
careful about my diet: but since moving to my
present place, down the river, I have had all anv
preconceived ideas In that regard knocked

higher than a kite

Phere is a big canning factory on the Gulf
coast, not far from omy plautation,” he con.
tinued, “and among other things they put up
immense quantities of shrimp. All the light
work ie done by voung women, and their fave

orite lunch consists of shrimp and buttermilk.*
"Shrimp and batrenntk! What a anur
derous combination’ exelaimed one of the

patty, shuddering
“That's what | thouglt myself, at first.* Ry

said the gentleman from down the river “TR
seemed like Sudden Death but it isa’t On the
von‘rary, the girls are all the personification
of health. To never saw such rosy cheek,
ia eyes and dinipled arma! Why. "y

 

 

 

packing roo is a regular bower of beauty
4rd they eat a areal deal, too! A quart «
shrimp and half «a gallon of butterimik is com
sidered a ere enack

“But that wasn't the only thing that shook
my faith in dieting roles,” the planter went
on. “The luggermen down there are the hard-
fest fellows in the world. They have muscles
like gnarled oak, and they don't_ know the
meaning of sickness or tatigue. During the
season they generally work until late at night:
then they come in and eat a tremendous supper
and go directly to bed The supper consists of
fat bacon, tried cold corn bread sopped in
the grease, aud biack-jack imolasses. They
seldom: eat fish or oysters. because they get
tired of them ‘To top off with, each man drinks
froin two to four big tin cups of coffee, strong
enongh to float cannon balls. Then they hie
down and sleep the -leap of happy. peacoat
infants Jn the morning they get up win the
flush of health on their cheeks and devour more
Tat bacon.”

“Good Lord!” said a tallow man at the other
side of the table

“Thats prejudice talking. retoried the
planter: “those excellent people have discov-
ered the secret of long life, which is to eat what
you please. Janore dyspensia and it grovela
before you. Waiter, please bring me sone
pickled pias’ feet and strawberry ice cream."

Baptist Services on a Steamboat.

From the Indianapolis Sentinel

EVANSVILLE, Nov, 28. The steamer Jewel,
which plies between this city and Henderson,
Ky., was turned into a church to-day ‘The
Rev. Mr. Kissinger, pastor of the General Bap-
tist Church of this city, held religious services
on the boat, which were largely attended.
This is probably the first instance on record
of a steamer being converted into a ehurch
The tor is well pleased at the suenens of hie
meeting to-day and will charter the boat evesy
Sunday to be used as a place of worehig,

 

 

 

H