veated gy0 in the enterprise = This wae all the
capital (he concern Rad to be@in with Ay
Careful moaragement the eoneern prospered,

SEWING MACHINE'S STORY,

wot, in isa if bolle «a laree faetory at the
70 wHow Is Slay yy oy Tae copper of Waehineton and Waltham atrecta
we And stocked ot with valuable machiners it
Facta That Indicate That tt Shoald He Witided | nade poones rapidly
Between Howe and Wien Mectstom tt was found that Boker was a marplot but
Against Walter Mant Three Men Whoee | instead of trving to met bim out of the concern,
Finsiness Ability Made Ft 4 Serres. | Cirover and Potrer contrived to met him to ory

laent to goto Borope and ter to build up a

dieetieaion of

 

" on lerabie
There hae aad Ps ha Hal of Fame | Business over there It did not amount to
late about candidates om . ‘ » t '
i n@ names prominently mer tioned hae been much: but they were perfectly saticfied to
mong iy sitar inventors of nowltg have hin) remain there The business waa so
f _e ° iwente a
Ss .* It , r rf nt obleeta te the aeler stiecesafil and made them so much money
er ! ’ ¢ .
machines s jeta | that they were able to retire in 1879 and close

thon of the name of Filas Howe, Ir, and ir
that his father, Walter Hunt, t« entitled to the
dlatinetion, ifany sewing machine inventor Is
to have it As the writer of this article woan
eantemporary of the persons whose names

in Park row was offered at auction. Mr. Potter
heen associated with the earlier types of
aaae aaahanie was personally acquainted | bought the end fronting on Beekman street,

h nearly all of them, and was intimately | with some assistance from his brother, and
pale with severalofthemat an interesting | ono = a oe ° - —— —
parod of the history of the art, it has seemed He of ich was dea yr y yi \ : =
timely to write a short account of the men and ms of life, some ag nteen or nineteen vea
their work and thus show to whom eredit is aes After that event he rebuilt it i. a more
due for the varfous machines used among them substantial manner, He was twice elected to

Elias Howe, Jr, of Cambridge, Mass, in- Congress from this city, and his estate, known as
vented and patented (Sept 10, 1846, No 4750) the Potter Trust, owns much property In the
the sewing machine which Is the earliest upon city, Including the Empire Building, fronting
the record. It wasacrude, clumsy contrivance. | OP Broadway, Rector and ( hurch streets.

The device consisted of a wooden frame about After Baker returned from Europe he man-
four feet long. upon which was mounted a slid- — to waste much of his fortune: but hyn
ing carriage of the same length. This carriage ooked after him and saved him from tota’
was alao made of wood. The whole machine wreck. Grover was originally a tailor, He
wasabout fourfeethigh. Upon the upper front was a good musician. He gave freely of his
of the wooden carriage there was fastened a wealth to the Boston Conservatory of Music.
thin plate of steel, which was of the same length He was kind and considerate and a thoroughly
as the carriage At intervals of about three good ae beloved by all who knew him.

inches there were solidly inserted steel pins of naar M. Singer of New York patented, Aug.
mal! diameter, suitable to stick into the cloth, | 12+ 1851. No. §,2n4, the Singer sewing machine.
These pins were sharpened like needles at thelr It was distinguished from the others by hav-
outerends. There were soinething like a dozen ing a rotary feed. and was especially adapted
of them. This plate was called a baster plate for the use of tailors and harness makers. It
and is made the subject of the fifth and last had a large sale. At the outset Singer had no
claim in his patent money, 89 he associated himself with Edward

In the operation of the machine the pieces of Clark, who put in $700 as a capital wherewith
oloth which were to be stitched were hung upon to startthe business. Singer was very ir-
the needle-like pins and pushed along until the | &%* ible and a born fighter but Clark managed
fabric came to the face of the steel plate, with to keep the business straight and Singer some-
theedge of the fabric extending just far enough | how managed to run the factory, which was,
above the baster plate to allow a horizontal | 10F a long time, on Mulberry and Mott streets,
needle, with the eve near the point, to pass for- | 1" this city. The works were afterward re-
ward and backward through the fabric without moved to Elizabethport, N. J., where a large
colliding with the plates The eve of the needle establishinent was created by the company.
carried a thread, just as sewing machine needles This was first known as I. M. Singer & Co., but
have mostly done ever since The thread was was afterward called the Singer Manufactur-
run off from a spool, such as threed used for ing Company Singer got Into trouble with
hand sewing is wound upon but the needle his wife, after he got rich, because of his fond-
moved backward and forward horizontally. | Ue*s for other women, so he went away to
In this respect it was unlike all other machines, Europe, where it was reported that he sup-
wherein the needle moves up and down A ported several woman and that he used to take
amall shuttle carrving a bobbin upon which a them all out together in an omnibus, built for
amal!l quantity of thread was wound played the purpose. There were several distinct sets
horizontally across the needle just behind the | Of children, but he is said to have provided
baster plate. This shuttle carried the second for them allin his will, Fdward Clark is re-
thread, passing through the loop, which was ported to have left $7,000,000 at his decease,
formed by a slight backward motion of the | @ handsome return for his $700 invest ment.
needles and thus completed the stiteh, just as The three great companies, Wheeler & Wil-
fs done by the shuttle machines of the present | 80, Grover & Baker and the Singer, entered
day; only the operators now put their work | into @ compact to pay Howe $5 for each ma-
npon a horizontal table instead of hanging it | chine that they produced, He, on his part,
up on pins to be stitched and afterward remov- agreed not to license anybody else, under his
{ng it from the pins when the carriage has patent without general consent His incomes
moved as far as it could travel on the frame from these licenses amounted in the total to

up the business. When Baker went abroad
Potter came to New York and took charge of
the anles, at this end

Soon afterward the Brick Church property

 

 

That was about all there was tothe machine inillions After his patent expired he bui't
Such a machine could only sew straight seams. | & large factory at Bridgeport, and en\@ed
| into the business of making and selling sewing

Curved pieces could not be properly secured to |
the baster plate

The sewing machine needle was an old in-
vention. It was used in the lace making ma- |
chines in Nottinghamshire, Fneland, and
was described and illustrated in books on lace |
making at an earlier date. While many peo- |
ple ascribe this needle to Howe, he never pre- |
tended to have invented it in his patent or |
elsewhere

After trying in vain to introduce the ma-
chine in this country, he went to England with
it. He met with no better success there than
at home. He had become completely {tm-
poverished. He had only a worthless ma-
chine, which nobody would buy or use. He
had great difficulty in raising enough money
to pay his passage home.

Meanwhile, Allen B. Wilson of Pittsfleld,
Mass., had taken up the subject and invented
and patented (Novy. 12, 1850, No. 7776) a really
practical sewing machine. He has been called
among experts “the father of the sewing ma-

machines This could then be safely done,
| because many other patents had also expired
The only valuable feature of his patent was
that it interlocked two threads together on
opposite sides of the fabric. In all other re
pects his invention was worthless

After he became prosperous he let his hair
grow until it rested upon his shoulders He
was 4 luxurious liver to such an extent that
he became very fat, from head to foot O. B
Potter once made the remark that “he was
as fat as a baby" The expression fitted him
perfectly. His massive form, his long hair
surmounted by a fine black broad brimmed
soft hat, and his clothes, of superfine black
broadcloth, made a very striking appearance
when he walked the streeta When the Civil
War broke out and the call was made for volun-
teers Howe was residing in Bridgeport He
set the example of enlisting as a private, and
went to Maryland with his regiment. While
there some delay was experienced in paying

chine.” Among other devices, he combined | the men. Howe drew his check for the amount
the table upon which the fabric ia placed, the or the pay roll and they were all paid off
promptly

presser foot, which holds the fabric to the
table upon which the operator can readily
move the work about: the feed, coming up
through the table under the presser foot, which
moves the fabric s+ required for the length
of the stitch, and the needle, passing through

Not long after Allen B. Wilson got out of
the Wheeler & Wilson Company, and after
the great combine was formed the lawvers
of the several Concerns advised them that the
territorial rights under Wilson's first patent
ought to be acquired Thereupon the com-

a hole in the table He had also a shuttle
moving under the table, as is customary in ; panies bought them in: aud, obtaining Wil-
Qi ehettts machines. The first four of these | son's consent aud signature, they surrendered

 

Cletente ere itdicpensable to any practical | that patent and obtained 4 reissue in (Wo Bep-
Rewing machine. aud. unt l they were invented ; 4fate patents, Jan 22, 1596. These were again
be Wilson there hing to eommend | reissued Dec 9, 1856 These reissues claimed
Arachinetorthat purt toanybody. Wilson the important feature that Wilson neglected,
allows eof patent right sharpers to sell | These then became the fundamental patent,
sf thas inert ry in State and county rights | t which all persons who entered the fleld
all over the cout They brought him | were subordinated) Nobody could make a

. . sewing machine without getting a license
nothing of any consequence. He had not f al — yt Salas oe oe
even claimed or patented the essential fea- | nce b : le-threa

machines could go forward without regard to
Howe's patent, which only applied to ma-
chines using two threads As Wilson was
destitute of means, Edward Clark took him in
charge, and watched over and provided for
The patents expired that year,

ures of his invention, being so tickled with
his feed and some other devices that he en-
tirely forgot to claim it: although it was clearly
set forth in his application. The recipro-

cating, or four-motion feed, was a in- |
a, | bir until 1864

nost

genious device, No wonder that he was

proud of it that he forgot the still more im- and Wilson was entitled, under the law, to an

portant part of his invention extension for a further term of seven vears
Wilson next moved to Watertown, Conn., | This extension was obtained Nov. 12, 1864,

where he invented and patented (Noy. 12, | 8% Wilson's property: but the combine had

1851, No. 8204) the well-known Wheeler & | Made an arrangement with him, that he would

hook | #ive them exclusive rights, like those they
had previously enjoyed under Howe's patent
These rights had a much wider scope than
the latter could give. Wilson received about
$500,000 in royalties under this arrangement.
His patent of 1850, upon which the Wheeler
& Wilson Company was founded, subsequently
proved to be invalid, because Louis Bollman,
a Magyar, who had settled in this country,
invented the device before him: but did not
cover it by patent. ‘The principal protection
that company afterward had was under Howe's
patent, and the reissue of the first patent to
Wilson

Mention has been made in this article of a
statement made by Walter T. Hunt that his
futher, Walter Hunt, was entitled to the in-
scription in the Hall of Fame as the orfginal
inventor of the sewing machine. Judge
Sprague in February, 1854, in the United States
District Court for Massachusetts, gave {ide
ment against parties, in Howe against Under-
wood, who sought to establish Hunt's claim
to be the first inventor. The record shows
that in 1832 and 18%, Walter Hunt did attempt
to make a sewing machine. He so far suc-
ceeded as to be able to dosome imperfect sew.
ing, but his shuttle often missed the loop of
the thread, whieh was carried by the needle;
consequentiv, it dropped etitches He was
unable to remedy this defect. Therefore the
invention was never perfected and the attempt
was abandoned. Thediscarded machine went
into the serap heap, where it remained for
several vears. Some eighteen years after-
ward, this old discarded machine was taken
out of the serap heap, furbtshed up, and pro-
2, 1849, a | duced in court, to substantiate priority of in-
vention for Mr. Hunt. The following are ex-
tracts from the opinion of Justice Sprague

Wilson machine, which has the rotary
and circular bobbin instead of the shuttle.
Nathaniel Wheeler of Watertown saw the
value of the sewing machine and turned his
Jittla factory, situated on a mill stream, into a
sewing-machine works He associated with
himself and Wilson, Austin Dunham, Lawson
and Chauncey Ives of Hartford, wool merchants,
in the formation of the Wheeler & Wilson Manu-
facturing Company, and began manufacturing
machines. Hard luck, however, continued
to follow Wilson. His associates found that
he was too much inclined to gossip about the
affairs of the company, so Wheeler gave hima
house and lot in Watertown, value $800, for his
shares in the company, and he was again out |
of the business. The associates afters |
ward found it advisable to change their locas |
tion They went down to Bridgeport, in the |
gape State, and bought the plant of the failed
Jeme Clock Company for $14,000. It had
Cost 880,000, They moved the special elock- |
making outfit into the upper story and stored
{t, only keeping in their works such parts as
were applicable to their own business. They
sold out the other stuff, bit by bit, to clock
manufacturers, who came and picked ont what
they needed, until they realized the entire
914,01 which the estate had cost them. They
went on adding building after building, and
machinery also, until they had created a great
establishment, which made each of the four
aasoclates a millionaire. [Tt was this identical
clock factory which plinged Phineas T. Barnum,
the showman, so deeply into debt that he was
compelled to hide on Long Island until he could
rid himeelf of hie embarrasements

Lerow & Blodgett obtained Oct
sewing machine patent, and began manutact- |
uring machines at New Bedford They were | '
a short-lived concern. Howe brought suit | im that suit
against them for infringement and in tss2 they | “A machine, in order to anticipate any sub-
were closed the judgment | Sequent discovery, must be perfected that
which Howe obtained against them | 1s, made so as to be of practical utility * * *

William 0. Grover of Boston and William E, | The first inventor gave nothing to the public,
Baker of Roxbury, Mass .obtainedapatentiNo, | the conclusion being that Hunt had no stand-

7.921, Feb. 11, 1851) forthe machine which became | ine in court.”

well known as the Grover & Baker, This mae The credit for the
chine was distinguished as the only one whieh | therefore, to be between Howe, the earlier

h te dle . si inventor, and Wilson, who has been called
sewed with two need) s. It used two spools “The Father of the Sewing Machine.” The
of thread. The lower needle was curved in | one made and patented a valueless apparatus,
its upper part and swung partly round and | and ot other mace and tented me on

t thre , yracticn| sewing machine ‘ery much cr
meee Some ——— a oe eee 5 justly due to the three men, Clark, Potter
needle, It was a most ingenious device, but | and Wheeler, whose business ‘ability, sou
{tia not now used. It was manufactured bya {udament and enter rise, yay yt dis layed,
company called the Grover & Raker Sewing | brought such great fortunes to the five invent-
Machine Company. This company inchided ors and to themselves. Since they began
the two patentees and Orlando BR Potter of

there have been many others who have enter
Boston. Potter was a young lawyer who ine ; same degree of commendation.

Soon

out, bhecarse of

invention would seem,

the field, but no others who are entitled to the

|

THE SUN, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.

    
 
  
 

DEADLY KNOCK-OUT DROPS |

THE DRUGS CARIN THIS CITY SAID TO
WAVE VICTIM HY TNE Ht NoReD

Women as Welt ae Men Administer Chioral
Hydrate ta Wake Robbers Paster
Crimes Against Young (iirie How the
Dren te Obtained and Administered,

All over the country attention was attracted |
hy the case of Jennie Kossahieter in Paterson

 

_ to the nee by men of knock-out drops.as they

|

are called, in the accomplishment of eriminal
purposes against young girla, The use of
knock-out dropa is not, however, by any means,
confined to asanulta by men, Women of the
vicious classes nae themin robbing men. Rob-
hery being easier and safer if the men are first
rendered senseless, the knock-out dropa are
brought into play as soon as a prospective
vietim can be induced to take a drink, The
advantages of their use are twofold, First,
the victim ia eastly and promptly relieved of
more money than he could otherwise be induced
to part with. A second advantage lies in the
fact that for a certain period at least he will be
oblivious of his surroundings, and tn that time
the robber can get out of hia way and, if it be
desirable, may even with some degree of safety
eo back to the place where she met him and
find other ready game. For when knock-
out drope are used the victim is generally taken
away from the resort where he swallowed
them before he {s robbed, and afterward is
left where he will not too soon be discovered,

The use of knock-out drops by male criminals
against other men is to the same end, and little
different in method from that pursued by these
women. The drug ia given in drink of some
sort. The victim may be seeing the sights,
or he may desire to get into a quiet game of
cards or into a gambling house without know-
ing the way into one, or he may simply want
to be sociable and ao ready to take up withany
sleek talker who believes that all men are friends
over whiskey, and acta on his belief when the
stranger appears. It {s said that the male
criminals usually give a sufficient amount of
the drug to make sure that their victim will
lose consciousness utterly, and are often so
careless as to other results that many of their
victims die, Ontheother hand, women espe-
clally if they take a victim to a well-hidden
room hired for the purpose, aresometimes con-
tent to administer merely a sleeping potion

To the use of the knockout drops for the pur-
pose of taking advantage of young girls, how-
ever, attention has been drawn particu-
larly since the Paterson murder, and in cases
of mysterious illness in different parte of the
country Investigation has been directed in a
way to bring out the possible use of some such
stupefying drug. The result has been a declara-
tlon In many instances that in knockout drops
has been found the solution of the mystery
and the further discovery that a resort to
drugs is a matter of frequent ocenrrence in |
certain communities,

The case of Abbie Whitney of Auburn, M>.,
led to investigation and disclosures which in-
duced the correspondent of a Boston paper,
writing from Lewiston, Me, to say: “It now |
comes out that dozens of respectable girls have |
been ruined, have been assaulted and mal,
treated in various ways, at these dances |
(Sabbattis dance hall dances, at one of which
was laid the scene of the Abbie Whitney as-
sault}, The tough element of Lewiston lurked
around this and other dance halls in the out-
skirts of these citles, and with drugs and threats
preyed uponthe girlsthat fellintotheirclutches,
There isn't much likelihood that there will be
prosecutions, The names of a dozen young
tmnen who have been doing this sort of business
are bandied around the city. Many of the
men are fairly prominent. In several cases
sums of money have been paid to settle the
matter, The people of the State of Maine
who have been shuddering over that Paterson
case may now do a little thinking over home
affairs. The fact of the matter is, more down-
right brutality has been shown in this Sabattis
assalilt than is reported in relation to the Pater-
son case,”

The correspondent tells of an Auburn girl
who was assaulted so outrageously afew monthe
ago that sbe has been confined to her bed for
eleven, weeks and wi!!] be an invalid for the
remainder of her life. Her assailant was ad-
mitted to bail and escaped, and the corres-
pondent says that no effort has been made to
eatch him. “These things jar our selfrighs-
evusness a little,” he says, “but they
for meekness,”

Not only in the East, but in the West and the
Southwest as well the knockeout is a familiar
method emploved in the ruln of girls, just as
it is emploved in the robbery of men In
cities of large population where there is a
numerous German contingent, rascals ready
to resortto the knock-out drops find a fleld
which they are not slow to take advantage of,
Places of refreshment quite respectable, to
which German women and German men of
the neighborhood resort, familiar
to the dauahters of the families, born in Amer-
ica, and sooner or later they are invited into
less harmless resorts of a similar apy eararce
{n other parts of At these places
after a time inany of them fall prey to the prac.
ttloners of the knock-out. In St. Louis, for
example, crusades have been conducted te
drive such resorts out of busines«

Many people associate the words kKnockeout
drops with pellets, It is said that in some in-
stances pills are used by men and women, but
the nore common form of the drug or drugs
used is the liquid form, which is more con-
venient and less likely to be detected by the
prospective victims, The stupefying dose is
cartied in a small phial, which may easily he
concealed in the hand which holds a bottle
from which a convivial drink is to be poured,
and some or all of ite contenta are allowed
to run into the vietimn’s drink. In New York
the resulte of the work of knockeout drops men
and women, according to the freely made
statements of the police, are appalling.

The fact that knockeout drops have been ex-
tensively used in the borough of Manhattan
for the past two vears is well known to phvsi-
clans about town, ‘Time and again they have
been called to attend patients who had re-
turned to their homes in a dazed condition and
in not a few of the cases the patients have died
for the reason that the person administering
the drug was not familiar enough with it te
know the safe limits of a dose. Nearly all the
physicians connected with the Coroners’ effice
have been called upon fo perform autopsies
upon bodies of persons who died from an over-
dose of the dria, but In these casea it has been
dificult for the police to get evidence on which
to base a conviction

Many men found unconscious in the street
and taken to a hospital are supposed to he
suffering from aleoholitm. When it ts
late to render rellef the discovery is made that
the man has been druaged and is suffering
from some tort of poison that seems to puzzle
the physicians at the hospital, When death
finally reaults in a case of this kind the Cor-
oners’ physician finds from his autopsy that
death was due to the fact that the patient had
a weak heart. Heart fallure they eall it in
most of the cases, but if the physician who
performed the autopsy had been familiar with
the history of the case he would promptiv
have sald the cause of death was a dose of
chloral too strong for the person to whom it
was administered

Dr Phihp O'Hanlon, who has been con-
nected with the Coroners’ office for many Years
is of the opinion that hundreds of men die
in this city every vear after having been the
vietims of knock-out drops. Dr. O'Hanlon
was one of the persons instmimental in pro-
curing the law that makes it a crime to have
knock-out drops in one's possession

“What is commonly known as knock-out
drops is chlora! hydrate,” said Dr. O'Hanlon
“from fifteen to thirty @rains of it produces
a sleep that lasts three hours. Of course the
sleep is deeper if the drug is administered
in larger amounts. Then it produces a state
ofcoma Fatal syncope sometimes may occur
Chloral hydrate acts asa hypnotic on the brain,
but when the heart is weak it kills . I have
known of cases where thirty grains proved fata],
althoteh the crooks about town who make
use of it usually administer much more tham

 
 

make

become

the towns

too

| some of the so-called smoking pariers it is

  

thirty @rains They dieeolve the orvetale tn
water and offen compound the misture by
a rough @iiese that te bewnd to reenit fatally
to the peraon who @eta a crew

In at lenat Afty drow atores in thie town a
stranger can buy ehlotal hwdrate without @
phyeician’® preeeription Some of the dria.
diate know what v@e it te to be put to atthe time
they well it, but they char@e $2 of @a for an!
ounce bottle of the mixture and ao long ae they |
wet a good price for it they ark no questions»
There are two drug atores in Manhattan that
are thriving on the sale of chloral hydrate
Their enstomers are thlevee who make a
practice of drug@ing and rebbing men who

) MISTAKE OF THE LOOKOUT,

——

/PUC RAY IN 4 POOLKOOW OVER A WFER-
TOOKING LITTIB Wan,

An ¥rroe Kacey to Wake in Theee Dave When a
Man Who Has Neen Seen Taikhing to a Cler-
ayman Wants to Het on the Hares Fx.
planations After the Combination Won,

About 2 o'clock on Wedneaday afternoon
| Tast a meek-looking Httle man with a mised.
| meray and somewhat bowew black
' olothes wae walking along Sitth avenue, not

far from Fourteenth «treet, when he was ace
come to New York to see the town The | costed by a fine-looking man in the dress of
thieves have their headquarters in Chinatown, | @n Episcopal cleravinan The meek-looking
and get inmuch of their work in that part of | Httle morn tonehed his hat and @alked up te
the city They work in conjunction with the ; the cleravman, and the two stood on the eurb
proprietors of cheap hotels in the vieinity of and talked together for about five minutes
Chatham Square, and divide their booty with | During the talk the meek-looking littl man
them | kept his hands thrust in his trousers pockets

In the Tenderloin district there are many | &od eared up and down the street and every-
young women who use chloral hydrate for the | Where except into the clerayman’s face, while
purpose of carrying out their plans of robbery. the clergymen geaticulated freely and appeared
Moat of them have been taught to use it by | ' be talking very earnestly, The cler~yman,
the men with whom they associate, in many in fact, seemed to be doing most of the talk-

instances cabmen who have made a practice ing, and the nature of bis talk obviously de-
of drugging strangers in the hotel district, | Pressed his listener, Just before they parted

The young woman selects the victim and drugs the clergyman held his right forefinger up
him while sitting in one of the uptown saloons warningly, and then the two men turned and
or smoking parlors, The victim selected is went their different —— eon ”
usually a man who has been drinking heavily. The meek-looking little man's way took him
The wornan orders bottled beer, and volunteers | t the door leading to an upstairs Sixth avenue
to pour it into her companion's glass. It is poolroom, The outside lookout for the pool-
while doing this that she holds a small bottle | Tom happened to be temporarily absent from
of chloral in her hand and pours the chloral | bis post, doubtless in successful search of ree
into the glass with the beer. A few minutes freshment in the next-door saloon. When,
later, after the victim haa swallowed the con- | & Moment after, the meek-looking little man
tents of the glass, he becomes dazed. He had ascended, the lookout resumed his station
stands up to go, and imagines he's intoxicated. | CUtide the street door leading to the pool-
The cabman who is in the game is near at hand. | 70M: 4 tough-looking youth walked up to him
The woman calls a waiter, says her friend and ante * th fly vicers jes’ went up
1s drunk and asksthe waiter to help him into | _, 54%, one © them fy vicers Je Up,
the cab at the door. The robbery occurs later | Wile youse waa inside. Little guy wit’ de
in the cab, probably while the cab is being frost in his muss-tash an’ black togs dat look
driven through Central Park. Afterthe woman | 80M °F de blink. Iseen him chewin wit 8
gets possession of the victim's money and gosnel shooter on de corner f'r fl’ minutes be-
jewelry she Informs the cabman, who drives | {oF he drilled dis way

wn ; “say k?" inquired the look-
through a dark street, The victin is lifted out t pf ~ a o = ah with ate a or
o t - <! " oO “ i
and lefton a stoop orlying on the sidewalk i 8 HAFGCORINE OU mer

i ht eve- with an e ession of decided
only to be found later by the policeman on his righ yf 1 On Ospe

concern Wien did he go up, youse say?"

post who sends forthe patrol wagon, In some Jes’ now, ‘. youse Was poocnn one in
ases the victim is taken to ; t inside,” replied the lookout’s Informant
. eee h . im ke k ‘ a ion hospital. In “Well, dat's a helluva gag, too,” growled
other cases he awakes to find himself arraigned | the Jookout, “It means me job if he—" and
in court on a charge of intoxication he suddenly wheeled, yanked the door open

Zut that is : one of t avs and ran up the poolroom etairs :

ae i geal oo ne ways the women He stood at the head of the staire and cast
of e Tenderloin make tise of knock-out drops. | pia eve over the crowd, The crowd was pretty
Up there they call it “Peter.”

sizable, and it took the lookout a couple of
“Put a little’ Peter in my friend's glasa,”

minutes to catch sight of a gray. uatachod
ttle ' 4 ’ sn he did

a woman remarks to the bartender in the re- little man in shabby black clothes 18 ¢

sort they happen into The bartender may

rietache

 

  

cateh sight of his man the suspected “fly vicer”
was stunding before the combination window.
He had serawled the names of two horses, one

“Detar”
put the Peter” in the water that he serves engaged at Bennings, the other at Newport,
with whiskey, or he may put it in the glass jon a slip of paper und handed it in, witha
before the victim pours out his drink The | dollar note, at the combination window.

“Sixty to one, them two,” said the man be-
ping the combination window, “What's y’rnume-

pr?”

The meek-looking little man elanced ot the
member's club card thot the upstairs look-
out had handed him when he entered, and
read off the number Then he joined the non-
deseript crowd standing before the betting cards

“He's cot his dough down, hang ‘im,” growled
the lookout, who only caught sieht of the sus
pected one when the latter's betting transaction
was concluded He rushed behind the counter
and huskily addressed the head man of the pool-
room, whose diamond studs were dazzling

“Rosa,” said the lookout, mournfully, “one-
of ‘em got by wen I wasn't lookin'-I was on'y
away from de door f'r half a minute at dat--
an’ he's in de woiks now. He jes’ put a one-
spot combination down. Fellv outside says

young woman, of course, pevs the bartender
for hia part in the robbery, and often helps to
drag the victim to a Raines Jaw hotel room
where the robbery is easier,

Often the “Peter” people use chloral in vichy
or seltzer, Sometimes they put it in the vie-
tim’s gin. In such cases, as it is colorless,
it is not detected

The places where it is mostly used are situ.
ated on the upper West Side of the city. In

used, and in a few places on Third avenue
and along Sixth avenue.

 

   

ENGLISH HENS NOT LAYING WELL. he seen him chinnin’ wit' a «ky pilot on de cor-
aeiemennn ner before he come in. Dat's him over dere
Fewer Eggs Than Usnal This Year and the Brite | Pick, 0 de bunch, wit) de fappy black mult

an’ de gray muss-tash,” pointing out the sue-
ish Farmer Is Said to Be at Fault. pected one to 7 srerene yead tpan se
: WN . “Bay, whatchoo down there for, anyway’
, Tonpon, Nov. 17.--Another British industry krowled the latter “If this is the best you
ison the wane. The British hen is laying even | can do, it's the banner avain for you . What
fewer eggs than usual at this lean time of vear. “= think ven Doan yeu tage 4 ov reeT te,”
. ; “T was on'y off de beat f'r half a_minute,
Even the comfort that it Is hen and not man | yj. uinted the lookout “Dot's. de foist one
that is behind the times is denied. The prin- | of ‘em dat's screwed by me D'ye want me
cipal reason given for the shortage is the hide- | wive him de be wots? ‘a »
bound mediawvalism of the British fanuer. Give him nothin’,” growled the head man.
The result is that the average town house.
holder can searcely wet a dependable new-

“D'ye want to have a platoon of the biddies
lnid egg to put upon his breakfast table even

  
 

 

a-coming here_on a lope? Are you standin’
in with ‘em? Looka like it, damfitdon't. Just
a. si L all, and Ul put another hawk on the door.”
at an extortionate price, The lookout went from behind the counter,
The annual consumption of eggs in London | While the head man whispered to the ticket
writera not to tale any mare bets from i
7 mneek-lookin ittle man, whem he inte
000, Great Britain consumed last vear eves 1 . yi
to the value of £106,000,000. English farme ' } pe, teackolocking pile man was standing
ou i these t te , wehind the erowd, his lane s thrust. n his trous-
could produce all these without the displaces ers pockets, trying to catehan occasional glimpse
taent of other agricultural produets, But so} of the be w cards between the shoulders
sadly behind his proper place is the British | of the taller chaps in front of him, when the
“Whatchoo playin'?” inquired the lookout,
in during 1899 ne fewer than 1,040,000,.000 eggs, | insinuatinals
to the value of £5,044,302 Phe freskstosking ithe man turned hie heed
oul ) zation Societ Anes g | #reund and ¢azved disapprovingly into the
the Poultry Organization Society deflnes a tough face of the lookout
new-laid exe as not more than three days old
in warm weather or five days in winter, Its | attve betting cards again,
The lookout drew back with a sort of feazed
: look on his face The reply obviously didn't
arrange for his young hens to eomnence lay- | sound to him like that whielia “Ay vicer” would
ing ewes by Nov.t anditeaneasily be done by | ake in the circutnstances He scratched his
. ar! there ) . te ‘
hat hing early there would soon be a better | one ‘The telegrapher began to call off the
supply of new-laideges second race at Bennings The meek-looking
Here is a little illustration showing the pro. | lite man appeared to have a pretty keen ear
for the operator's words, and when the & to 1
consumed in Great Britain in a year, if loaded | pleased tugged nervously at his mustache
into railway wagons would make a train 150 | and se natinene a slip ofy pet wae hohe pulled
. t . Thom Obe ol his Waistcoat pockets
iles k 0 ae 4 tri hese : “ . :
miles long, eon lining 43,000 trucks. Of the ‘Hey, d’ je land dat one?” hoursely inquired
150 miles, seventy-five would be foreign, filty | the baffled lookout in the suspected one's ear
British and twenty-five Irish,

you keep a lamp on him while he’s In, that's
in the course of a year is estimated at 650,000,-
out to them
farmer that he allowed the foreigner to send | leokeut touched hin op the euoulder
Pean-bag,” he replied, and turned to look
expert saye Jt the home farmer would only
head over it. but kept an eve on the suspected
o re rhe rt 9 we
portion of foreign ones imported. The exes | .iot was announced aa ‘the winner he looked
The latter turned to the lookout with the ex-

 

ees 7 pression of annoyance with which wise menu
reward the advances of Couts
“Did you ever land at the Twenty-sivth

TALE OF A ROBBER BOLD,
. street and hast River dock?” inquired the meek-

looking litde man, spiritedly
This ported allusion to the stopping place
of the Blackwell's Island boat caused an “fie

Or How the Cash Register of the Square-Meal-
for-a-Nickel Restaurant Was $8 Shy,

If there had been a waiter in Haiims’s res-
taurant at 283 Fighth avenue on Sunday morn-
ing the manager probably wouldn't have been
held up and robbed. Haime’s is a combina-
tion coffee house. “Combination” means “cof-
fee and——" for a nickel. The customers pay
in advance and help thenselves. The man-
ager told about the robbery last night to @
batch of awe-stricken customers

~ Yes,” sald the manager, “I was held up and
every word of it is true, I can prove it by the
milkhinan who got here just after it happened
My name is Barney Berman. I'm the mau
who was held up tn a restaurant that I man-
aged at 178 Park row, but at that time the three

expression to cross the lookout's face 8
right arm drew back But the thought prob-
ably came to hin in time that he would lose
his job if he punched the “Ay vicer,” whom
he had been warned against molesting by
the head man, and so he dropped his arm to
hit» aide

“say, youse is real giddy wit’ your face,
ain't youse?” he contented himself with growl-
ing to the meek-looking lite man, who walked
away without replying, an expression of disgust
on his face

A moment later the operator began calling
olf the first race at Newport, and the meek-
looking little man edged nearer to the telog-
rapher's stall the better to hear He looked
very coniplacent indeed, when the name of
the horse leacing inte the stretch by four
lengths was announced, and when the name
of the winner was called out he slapped the slip

    

 

men who held me up didn't get a cent. This ei Aper pe hess in tile bend, nie ore eparkied
Sats ee . ; , With content, and he tug@ed at his mustache
time the robber got away with 8 You see] with the air of a man who has just received a

I was alone io the restaurant with nothing to
protect myself but an unloaded revolver that
was in the drawer of the cash register About
ten minutes to 4a nice looking, big man came
fn and bought a couple of cakes. First he was | off fis number ina low tone saying “Sixty-one

' . | dollars.” he saw the glowering countenance of
. , e e dollars, eC
woing to order a steak, but he didn't. While | the head man himself framed In the window
1 was making chanve for tim he noticed about

“Just step behind here a minute, will you?"
$20 that was in the eash register. Then he | erowled the head man to the meek-looking lit-
ordered a glass of milk

fle man
i “sure,”
“To wet the milk Thad to go to the rear of | the rail and into the inclosure

the store While I was there I heard the cash

register bell ring and | looked around I saw

faverable reply toa wire for money
| fle waited tor the Newport race to be con-
| firmed and then he got in line behind the four
tuen ahead of him at the combination window
He was the lest in the line, and when he called

said the latter, and he walked around
The head man

re-

demanded

white-

the corner down the street) You win vour
“Tm eating custard pie and | wanted cheese
at the beginning of this addres-, but he bridled
tackled the fellow wlthough he was about twiee | ina tone that had no meekness whatever in it
pot possession of the revolver and [ pointed | the talk of an agent for the squelching of
t
“Bo he reached down in his pockets,” eon. | de corner before youse done de aneak in here?”
ered it and he got away “Oh, Um next,” he said “The house here
’ gut wit’ dat
revolver had been loaded. Hut after the af- | choker garoob?

Inet hin at the door
“Look a-here, chum,” seid the head man to
. ; the suspected one, tu alow growl, “there's been
the man leaning over the counter grabbing | 4 peeper or two on you ever since you turned
the money from the drawer and JT ran ta
hin When Tl got near he picked up the combine, and you get your dough But it's
salve id pointed it at me." nabt up to you to cough about what you're
volver and poin atom goin’ todo with it’
The meek-looking little man looked surprised
eake,” remarked a negro at the first table, Fitts nat wera thaeeae
, . a elites oO “)
interrupting the story of the robbery “What the devil do vou think I'm going to do
‘As Twas saying,” continued the restaurant | with it buy red flannels and violet tollet water
man, “I knew the pistol wasn't loaded so | | for the African heathen with it” he inquired
as big as me He vot me by the throat [| “Where do von butt in with a crack like that?
ot him by the throat. ‘Then we strngelad ls thisa welch, or what?"
le was rapidly choking me when T broke loose The head man turned red and looked dis-
from him and be broke loose from me and [ | tinetly honphinsed This did not sound lke
at him and shouted: ‘Give back the money | vice, iteould be seen he was thinking At this
or you die!” point, however, the lookout, who had sidled in
“Give me another cup of coffee,” behind the suspected one ent in
another customer “Wasn't vouse chewirl wit' a sky guide on
tinned the victim of the hold-up, “and dumped | be inquired of the suspected one
a pile of money on the counter, and while | The latter gazed fixedly at the lookout, and
was reaching for the money 1 forgot that 1 | then an expression of understanding illumined
had him covered with the revolver and Llow- | his features
Tl) have a piece of pie,” said a customer | thinke I belong to the fiv push, hev?”
at atable near the door, and helped himself The head man mace no reply, but the lookout
It was lucky I wasn't murdered,” said the | growled ‘
restaurant man. “I would have been if the “Well, how ‘bout de
fair happened the milkman came around and The suspected one rewarded both the head
1 told him abont it, While we were talking | man and the lookout with a withering stare
two fellows came in and boldly ran away with Seeing,” he said, “that T don't often stack
the robber's hat, which had been lost in the | up against such a bunch of pinheads to throw

struggle. When 1 counted up my_ receipts | a talk into them, T'll tell you people this
in the morning there was $9 missing.” was plaving racehorses, and owning race-
“Give me one of those brown things with | horses, and training racehorses, when the

chocolate on top,” said the negro customer,
who had become so mich interested in the
story of the robbery that he forgot himeelf
and started on a course dinner The restau.
rant man added that he had reported the case
to the police, but no detective had been around
to investigate it

To a SIN reporter who called at the station
the sergeant on duty said

“It's a cheese sandwich,” whatever that
means,

ang of pikers behind this desk were building
onfires on vacant lote and cultivating spit-
Jocks wherewith to win the blossoming affec-
tions of little schoolriris I've heen at the
ame since Hickory Jim was a weanling, and
‘ve gone to the mat and taken the ful! count
through it more times than any one of you people
ever wore a spike-tail coat The game got
me down and out finally, but none of rou butt
into that story’ it was my douch. they were
my skates, and you don’t have to be put wise to

the detailaof any former tamerfioine Seen

thet vou are #o dead fubbery however Vi
vet tell vou about toat ninteter Lane talking
with on the corner Live get roonl yard uy

town, and | aold bie chorel cone coal that ne
doean't Hike, and be woe poednd me the call
down about it on the corner Mhael! do for

that The nest move le for vou te pane toe ties
9A) that FT yanked out on tiy tWoehers

bination, and to do it real quick, or there ll
he eome smoking outing this nehiiiter '

that ll hurt your ewes  - dent

Hut the head man bad already counted ¢
three twenties and a coemdellin till and wos
wently and apolowetiontty urging the neo loner
«us pected one kindly to lower lie vote that
the buneh outside the ro wouldn't ¢
there was something phony doing

Come again,” satd the lookout cheerful

és the meek-looking little man parsed out the
ewnetairs door

STORIES OF ANIMAL TIPE

Starved Ont of a Tight Place.

From the Philadelpria Times

Lowrr ALLOWAY, Nov. 0 Three weeks ago
a fine ewe disappeared from the flock of James Car’),
near bere, and although search was made no trace
of the missing sheep could be found. Yesterday
it emerged from under the barn as ‘thin asa herring.” |
The poor sheep had evidently crawled under the
bullding to escape the files and had become fastened
until 1t shrank suMectently from starvation to allow |
1t to escape. |

 

Caught a Fish and Owl on One Line,

From the Atlanta Constitution,
WASHINGTON, Ga. Nov. 14.0 1M
rellable citizen of Wilkes, relates a most remarkable
Instance as follows; Harry, son of Mr. Walton, set
out @ hook and line on the creek near lis home and
left it over night The neat morning he went to his
tine and to his great astonishment found a good-sized ,
fish on the hook and a4 large hooting owl tangled up |
in the line and floating on the Surface of the water, |
The owl had been drowned, but the fish was alive
and still pulling on the line, The fishing line had
been wrapped about the ow! several times, which placed
the night bird completely in the power of the fish |

Walton, a |

 

 

Mr. Walton's theory ts that during the night the
owl in seeking food found the fish fastened on the
line and undertook to make a mealoff? him, In the
Struggle the fsh jumped over the owl, wrapping the
line about him, rendering him helpless and the fre-

|

Quent dips into the water drowned the bird,
Mr. Geohegan's Pointer Horse, |
From the Elicabethtown (Wy) News.

Mr. Fd Geohegan of West Point has the most re- |
markable horse in Kentucky, if not in the United |
States. This horse has so keen a scent for partridges |
asany setter or pointer in the country ie can !
scent them from 75 to 100 feet and never makes

a mistake, He pays no attention to rabbits or to |
any other bird but the partridwe, When he gets in |
the vicinity of a covey of birds his nostrile dilate. |
He throws up his head and shows all the symptoms |
that « bird dog gives except his tall, whicn never |
stands out, but merely switches,

One Fly's Quiet Half-Centory.

From the Chicago Inter Ocean

AKRON, Ohlo, Nov. 15.—The cornerstone of the
old High School Bullding, whieh is being torn down
to make room for a freight station, was removed to
day. The bos it contained was delivered to a com
mittee of the Akron lodge of Masons. When opened
@ ble blue fy buzzed a moment and flew out from
among the papers in the box. ‘The box had Leen
burled In the cornerstone fifty years, and the fly |
could not have got into it after th e stone was removed.

 

Caught a Booted Lynx tn Connecticat.

From the Hartford Courant.

WILLIMANTIC, Nov. 6— The door of John T.
Baker's store was ornamented yesterday by the deed
body of an animal which is not frequently seen and
less frequently encountered In Connecticut. It was
the body of what !s known as a booted lynx, of the |
feline species, but different from the common wildeat.

It was about four fret long, weighed twenty pounds |
and was of a uniform gray color, with smal! black |
spots arranged with unifformity over its back. Its |
head was as large as a bulldog's and Its legs in girth
are nearly four inches. Its teeth and claws were |
as sharp as needles and of size in proportion to Its |
body. Its tall was about four inches long. It bad
every appearance of being a tough customer for eitber |
man or beast to encounter. The animal was caught
in a steel trap which had been set for foxea yesterday,
4 mile or so north from Ashford Centre, by an expert
trapper named James Seaton of Ashford, who follows
trapping asa profession during the season. When he
found the prisoner he made no attempt to keep it alive,
but smashed Its head with a club, The animal was
sold to a Norwich man for $15 for mounting.

 

j

 

 

Pigs and Geese on a Spree.

} rom the Chicago Inter Ocean

BIRMINGHAM, Mich., Nov. 11.—Pigs and geese
Were mnade drunk yesterday atthe cider miliscf Wil. |
Nam Smith of Bloomfeld Centre, Will Hageman,
who was present, sald:

“In sbipping the cider some casks were used that
had been filled with cherry brandy We emptied
the cherries, probably @ gallon to each cask, where
the pigs could get them. !t was agiusng to see the |
drunken pigs after tuey had partaken of the brandy |
soaked cherries. They stacvered and souealed and
acted as foollsh as so nken men, The |
flock of geese pitched in and stutted themselves, too. |
‘Tbe old gander stood staggering with bis
apart, and suuawked and ‘houked han
manner. In half an hour both

   

ny ¢

 

 

rus wide
mnatural
bigs abd geese were

 

 

' the club list

IISTORY OF TUXEDO,

ive MARE OF AN
IVp ravers Cla,

qmivers as
INTE MPSTING

Only One Quarter of the Original Members
Are Sti on the Piet Growth of the
(teb and tte Pependencies tte Two
Sensons and Thetr tcpectal Leateres,

brom the begtoning of oa few hunting boree

“ nl a lake the Tuoeda News, Tusedo

pork | woeto be che most lasurious forest

lhe permeanen? population
iat eowatos, has @rown

New unferest« a hundred
manvoof them of notable architec.
an unparaiicled variety of sporte

viral beauty

and pastines: santary and hygienic cone
ditions unrivalled) conveniences and come
forts undrevined of even ten veara ago; geod

Nshing and face shooting, all these and many
other features of the place make it proper to
reintroduce Tuxedo even to its eldest friends,

Of the Lol members with which the club
opened, only about fifty names appear oa
of the original members about
sitty have died

Of the Governing Committee which were
the organizers of the elub, only five still ree
main as active members

The first purchaser of land from the Tuxedo
Park Association was Dr Morris H. Henry,
and he was followed in rapid succession the
satne vear by Allen TO Rice, William Waldorf
Astor, Travis © Ven Buren, Francis D Carley,
James d, Breese, Broce Price, andJames Brown
Potter in the order named

Che last two are now the sole survivors of
the original group, and Mr, Price may fairly
claim the title of being the oldest inhabitant,
with Mr Potter a close second, only lacking
thirteen days

Outof the small collection ef houses built by
the association whieh clustered along the
erest of Tower Hill (a hill which takes ts name
from a tower which was to have been built),
few ean be recognized by the original settlers,

   

 

As the oldest inhabitant survevs the ime
provements which this udvance guard of civill.
vation has wrought, he will note that with the
exception of two of the buildings upon Tower
Till, all the others have undergone such modle
fleations as to render them unrecognizable
Not only have they changed their outward

, irance, but in two instances they have
been lifted from their foundations and placed
vpon alien soil

Fourteen cottages were puilt by the rae
elitton: now two testify to the simple
teof the cricinal builders

It is also noteworthy that fire has caused
the destruction of only two buildings, within
the Park proper, although in several instances

ons

 

   
  

fires have been started which might easily
have become serious were it not for the vigi-
lance of the police and the precautions taken
avait such & ermerceney

In Aprd, 1888, the Tuxedo Park Aesoclation
made rt tothe Byecnutive Copmitteeefthe
elub, was printed and distributed amore

the members in which the organization cf the
rork was set forth in detail The water evs.
fenvat that time contemplated the erection ef a
tank containing: 00,000 gallons at present the
tankeontains upward of 760,000 gallors, and the
pumpirg plant has a capacity of about a milion
of gallons per day, over four times the original
plant. The consumption of water, at times,
during dry weather, reaches 600,000 gallons

This lorge amount of water, althoug
pumped from the lake, preduces no practica
effect upon that body of water,

The lake, it is estimated, contains cover
5,000,000 of gallons to the inch, and evenin the
drvest weather the level has never fallen more
than four feet below the outlet

Tuxedo village has also grown in prepertion
to the growth within the park. As at first laid
out [t consisted of fifteen cottages, one line of
stores, the association office, ard the stable,
At present there are 102 cottages, and the
village contains upward of 1,100 inhabitants

Large numbers of mechanics and other eme
vlovees find their homes outside the village
fin its, and at one time during the vear 1800 Ie
wrs estimated that over 1.600 workmen were
daily admitted through the gates.

The only building of importance which stands
practicaliv as it was built is the clubhouse

During the last vear over 2.000 people regise
tered at the club, of who it is eatimated more
than one half were strangers,

This does not include the daily attendance
of the park residents, or visitors secompanied
by members who visit the club for the day
oily, and who number twice aa many more,
as such are rarely registered

The clib has two seasons, one beeginnir
with the birds, and ending about the Fourt
of July. This latter date lias always been ob-
served at Tuxedo as an annual function. A
large purse is subscribed by the members,

 

land distributed in prizes among the servants
| and emplovees for encouragement of athletie
| sports on land and water, and the day eleses

with an tlumination or display of fireworks

This is the event of the sprin The gates
are thrown open on that day oniv, and every-
one invited to attend and share in the hospitality
of the elub

The entire neighborhood usnally respond,
and no more picturesque sight ean be reen
than the groups of men, women and children,
which coverthe lawns and crowd along the dam.

The fall season, exter ding for several menths
end ending with the Christinas holidave, elese
the vear. and it is then that Tuxedo ie gavest,
The club is Miled to overflowing for several

 

) weeke, engogements for reoma being made

 

ald outon the grass, stavin’ drunk Iwo woodpeck 7 ' ie } Aa

ers juined in and were soon laid out with ein f ong in advance, until the height of 1 1 SenBOn

tr S tr." ors Wer feet) is suarked by the annual ball, for which the
‘ ae Al face j oll i mous :

Torn by a Grizzly Kear Once again the members and their frienda

; assemble at the club te sneed the parting year

From the San Francisco Chronice and bid deflance to Pather Time, and with

VANCOUVER, Nov. 7 —While hunting tn the ne and lanalter the new year is greeted

wr ina . Vs oh bh r W : ale with ecoming honors
mountaina near ‘Takorh harbe J. Lamrlck The new club was ready by June, 186@,

of Vanoouver came suddenly upon a bly grizaly and
two cubs, ‘The grizzly tuade toward him so rapidly |
that he had no thue to charge his unloaded rifle, and |
he feared to run. !

He continued backing away and the bear con-
tinued to follow hirn Not being able to look where
he was going, Lamrick stumbled on 4 wione and fell
op bie back. Before he eould rise (he bear was on
him. She welved his Knee, end her teeth met the
bone on both aldes  lnable to rise, Lamrick be-
labored the bear over the jead with the riffe until
she let go his knee and eelced his foot, tearing the |
flesh from the bones |

Alt this Juncture one of the eubs commenced to
snap at Lamnrick’s face ihis feek movement
oo the cub'’s part saved Lamrich’s life, for he stroek
the cub with hile rifle and it ran screaming away,
the mother in her anxiety running afterit

 

lamrick dropped into the bushes and hid there
for two hours, finally reaching the coast, ten miles
distant, by painful etages. Tbe injured man was |
brought to Vaneouver by steamer toway, and Is in
the hospital, He may lose tis foot
Fought With an Eagle for Her Child.

From the Philadelphia Times |
WILLIAMSPORT, Nov. 7 Mrs. John Callahan
of Anderson township had a terrific ight today with

an eagle which attempted to carry away her tur

yearold child The bird attacked the tot furlousiy
and the cries of the latter athracted the woman to the
scene She was astounded to behold the eagie caw
{ng and flapping the Ittle one, who was attempting
to break away from her antagonist. Once the eagle
caugit the child's dress in tts talons, but the welelt
of the Ittie one and Its desperate struggles for freedon,
frustrated the bird.

Mrs. Callahan, though aorfe. dared
not shoot, lest the bullet strike her ehlld, so she gota
cudgel and ran to the reseve of the almost exhausted
child. ‘The eagle let go the child and turned its atten
tion to the parent. It flew into the woman's face end
peeked at her eves and nose, bot a well-d rected Liow
from her club felied the bird, whieh. after a moments
Serambling, took to the alr and salied away

Mrs. Callahan says the bird was eight feet from tip
to tip of wing and Its talons were almost razor like in
their sharpness !

|

|

POSSESS NE

Protection for Angleworms
From the Youth's Companion
The recent session of the British Varlia-
ment furnished an amusing iluatration of |
the occasional power of satire to bring about |

 

and the ith of. that month was set as the
opening day Nearly a thousand invitations
to the inanguration festivitles had been sent
out, and three special trains brought out the
7H) people who came The weather was fine and
the opening a etoat success

The club started on a
very large number of servants ‘Twelve game-
keepers Were supposed necessary fo protect
the wame, and sixteen boatmen were on hand
for boating and fishing A few months’ ex-
perience, however, reduced the emplovees to a
more businesslike basis During July a few

great scale with a

| houses were rented, and the Kanes and Cute

tings were the first two families to move in.
Thus the park as a place of residence became
an accomplished fact

MINING IN MAINE.

Two Ledges of Quartz That Yields $40 a Tom
ia Gold and Silver.
Prvrston, Me, Nov 25--Gold mining
ite of Maine has taken a new lease of
life in the oper: which ore being vigore
ously prosecuted onthe farmof tl A Pendleton,
on the Beach HIM read. about four miles from
Noone bas ever denied that gold-
bearing rock exists within the borders of thie
State, but up to the present time what little
'

Golp

 

Fost
in the St

tions

this village

 

low metal bus been extracted did not pay
for the trouble of digeing: it out and separating
it from the quartz

A stock company Las boen formed to operate
the Pendleton form, and a stamp
mill es been put up and the necessary mae
chinerv purchased for extracting the gold
from the stone after it }as heen pounded inte
bits Preparat are being made to carry
on the work on a tore extensive scale, for ace
cording to the officers of the company the rock
from #10 to $49 in gold an@

the mine on

vields anywhere
silver per tor
The discovery

of gold in this place was due

  

to Vr Pendleton, who bought the farm where
the toine os fourteen years geo He foun
after taking possession that had plenty o
tecks on his land, and it was in breaking u
these tapedinents to profitable agrienitura
work that he discovered the wvold-hearing
quartz” He sent away some specimens an
had therm assaved. withthe result that he turne
from a common farmer into what he heliev

   

a# more profitable profession, that of gold mine
ing He opened a ledge and sonk a shaft
the depth of freen feet The ore was teste
asthe work progressed and showed the presence
of gol’ in pavir tities right along

In 1806 4 Company was organized in Gate
diner to develop the mine, but did not accome

  
  

  

 

results which sober argument has failed to) plich its objeet, and nething mere fa done
j fin the way of gold mining on the Pendleton
accomplish }3 {
. ‘ farm, eseept by the owner, until May of the
A bill designed to prevent erueity to Wild | present year, when auother ecampany veg
animals in captivity had been presented, and | oreunzed. Werk oon the mu wns rev
{ ite yy a . " | »
was opposed by a number of members on the | With new vigor, and the officers of the come
ground that, if passed, it would endanger | yt vo oare ee nfldent of mien aS in reer,
certain kinds of Jegitimate sport A ety RARIRG herihenct Lie <r
The Karl of Kimberley arose and gravely | ‘ me 10 few ' in w dth. "The r is a white
admitted the force of this argument  auarte, in ventional aan aMaret Te tf feet thick
“Undoubtedly.” he said, “the bill would | and in each shaft back reck is found stands
mut an end to fishing With worms as bait. Tr fe anele of &3 rrees. it e ine
fen bill.” he continued, “to pevent ernelty | Gieating that ¥ Nuabie aepr ane fest avaine®
to wild animals in captivity the schedule | j, yy beth ledges shaft. have been sunk,

faye the word ‘animal’ shall be held to include
reptile, a worm may be nell to be a reptile
@ worm impaled on a hook must certataly
be held to be in captivity: therefore the angler |
who uses a live worm for bait would be guilty |
of cruelty to an animal in captivity

The laveh which this argument raised at
the expense of the solicitous sportsmen robbed
the o ition of whatever force it badand
Carried the bill to a successful issue,

t

| the

that in the first being twenty feet deep and ia
second thirty feer deep. The quartz f

shaft Neo 1 gives an assay of $288 in gold an

88 in sliver, while speci rom shaft No,
2 gave in wold $2079, £20.95 and $31,
in silver at different depth» A considerable
quantity of quartz Was bgen taken out and is

 

 

ready for milling, efid arfone the richest apeci-
mens is one the 4 ze a walnut consalaing
old & the value of

/

J ir

ee"

—_

Sys

ee

pe

eee

i
i