4 THE SUN, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
CR een nn nnn nnn - .

. ! the shoulders, They are elaborntely trimmed | with long blue ostrich plimes at the side, and | tomato color and the rich plum shades will be | Or + Aanele over a white rousseline de role un-
WINTER MODES SHOWN,

with chiffon plaitings and embroidery pale bine chiffon bows with white roses at either | eeen later amone the anurlesat gowns when the | derdresa The edges of the banda are finished

 

 

fi “s

“NON-DETECTABLE”

WIGS

weather ia more wintry

Wonderful evening wraps of baby lamb | side of the front The popularity of black One ateking example | with a dainty pattern done in fine white alk
lined with ermine add elewance without end | and white combinations ia establiahed once cord, and the cloth bolero is aleo finished in
again, and a notable feature of their use wae the same wav Hands of sable trim some of
in the black cloth @owne with white cloth triple the cream cloth gowns, being eewn down the
collars around the shoulders, worn by young eenamea of a eeven-wored skirt and ending in
fa little ebveter of taile

For Ladies
and Gentlemen

 

 

women at the Hore Show They were not The beet eaperienee |. ehaotutely necessary to em producer

: exactiv youthful gowns, but it seems to be one | fon gown ahows the «tole enda, a pretty vageary Wie for either a Lady of Gentieman, at to be perfectiv adepted

‘ | ' . to the fea ures and insure «a corres’ fit) Perfect ttthoe "NON-

( 8 01 as 10ns of the fads of fashion to relewate these sombre of fashion, and a wide belt of white liberty DETECTABLE WiGsS. is one of ovr specialiles be a
costumes to the young eirle this @eason, while ) eatin Constevet them to cppear so natural and tree t) fe as to dety de

the Horse Show.

One variation of the black and white com- Ihe " 1 Seiehen ona
bination wos a gown of white silk striped | ribbon, the lines being broken by applications We t t with no amall
f . cone f saticfuet te our
| with blaek and trimined with lace The little of guipure lace, edaed around with MAIIE. ANTONE! TE, wiose was . all i, maken
_ - bolero of silk had blue panne revers and was velvet ribbon Another silk {tthe “par excellence’ of tht, clase of led eadgent it ean
| fastened with lovely silver buttons Velvet quaint bolere made of black lace insertion and be arranged attractively and beeominkly to 9 woman's head.§
1 hottons with gold rims are one of the many | bands of tucked silk, edged around with a
| effective on the | narrow band of black velvet Quite new is

With Great Elegance.

 

striking because of its simplicity
The Preference for White Shown in the Mil- | Gray in all the pretty pale tints, and in all | | ing in every sort of manner which is possible
linery and the Wraps as Well as the Frocks | the materials from carve to velvet and cloth | | to chiffon, chenille, laee and fur The one
—Plaborate Accessories and Detail of Fin- is one of the most popular colors of the season pote: in ~— make-up — ne mS be -
; ; : . Gray cloth is expecially desirable for the dressy perative is that they must be very large an rSTAL : T4ARS JEST HAIR STORE IN THE WORLD
toh of Fashionable Costumes —Extrava sels pt cial okie Fata. doll ane at te full, with rathor long ends. Some of the new | ESTACLISHED 30 YEARS, LARGEST HAT i iN TH

gant Laxury of Fvening Wraps—EKm-

 

 

 

|

their elders are decked out in pale color

pretty varieties and especially
panne gowns, elaborately crimmed with stitched

form the nish for a scalloped edge

Among the black coe tunes worn in the morn
ing Was a black cloth sh@rt trimmed with
stitched bands and a baby lamb bolero mace
to blouse a little: over a belt of pele blue panne
White lice formed the vest and dainty under-
with blue panne wrist bands ‘This
Was something quite out of the ordinary, yet

sleeves

young Woman at

 

 

 

  

Something novel in the way of a blouse ia made
of tucked silk striped around with black velvet

A pretty lace and chif- |

fection under the keenest Oba rtation

the next mode! of cloth and velvet, the former

narrow
blouse shows
|

| ing wraps shown is made of black net striped

|

|

) wear is be

with velvet and trimmed with lace

facing are of ermine

 

THE FRILLS OF FASHION.

The gorceous array of boas and faney neck-
ond all precedent this season, vary-

boas are made of tnarab out feathers with long

This is
|; made over white silk and the collar and front

fomake a lang is net stirply to
bunch heal \* fomether ar
gw veltaname tutrather tb design
it '

ecton f

 

tos 5

  

Hatr Dis, Rouges and Tonies

tested by 40 vears’ exnerience in the largest

Americs, Scalp specialists in attendance Hal

Manicurirg Departinents New [lustrat d¢ atalogue mailed (ree,

LL. & AVY

 

 

| bands of cloth matehing the color ‘They are | forming the tnderskirt, which is trimmed with feature and the fachion dit tn the mo t beco go oand artistic
t f ‘ wile ‘ we hem of | in appliqué of velvet. the latter aleao trims the mManiiertosullevery | opeoftaceacd ina ta rpraeceful add ton
arranged in seroll designs aur und the he f . m , : t t Ino t im ip bh woman’ aculmure. Thiele nut me.tiod, whien along exer
the sicirt and edge of the bolero, where they oh oth collar and belt. One of the many even- lence Las developed ty lis present ul questoued beh standard

‘Toilet Parlors tn

64 WEST 14TH STREET, NEXT TO MACY'S, N. Y.

 

  
 

and

 

Dressing and p 4

:
|
7
:

 

to the long list of garments in this department | daintiest gowns worn by a 12 ; : $
pire Effects Prevail —Close-Fitting Skirts ) of dross Black velvet coats with ehinebhilla the » Show was made of soft grav satin | in rather a bright shade fs trimmed with red | chenille ends, others are ail of chenille made 0009 9009909609000 VE OOF 6 0009496000-0004009 0090001 00
in the Lead — Pale Rive a Favorite | collarsand facings are very cool style, and somes | with polka dots of a deeper shade A fiehu | braid ina darker tone of the same eolor Black | full with short loops and longer loops for the | ennes ———
. . thing quite out of theordinary among the wraps | of lace was draped about the shoulders. The | caracul and black braid are the trimaming | ends, Feathers and chiffon are very prettly . — . a0 7 , f ’ 1K.
{ Color in the Evening. bot Gray Also is clases are aad eam ce sea Ses wae combined, the chiffon being plaited into full WOMEN'S NEEDS IN PORTO RICO. | aon 7 wa us
| Popular — Novelties in Eton Jackets, rosettes around the neck and y oe long Americans to Open a School to Teach Them Toes Shonid Not Re Turned Out —Girls Shovlé
. » . spiral sort of ends: sometimes the ends are feo 5 N te T. he Wa ”
While the Horse Show brought out much oD gathered into gold tags, again they are ac- How to Keep House. | = wee " ren
@legance and extravagance in the way of fash- cordion plaited and caught a little way above San Jcan pE Porto Rico, Nov. 12 The From the New York Medical Record,

fonable dress, it was not exactly a revelation
of genuine novelties. However, it served
fm many ways to establish the modes already

 

launched end temporarily settled some of
the doubtful questions

One phaze of dress which seems to be as
sured is the popularity of white gowns, both
in cloth and transparent fabrics. This prefer-
ence for white was shown in the millinery as
well, and there were all sorts and kinds of white
evening wraps besides. Perhaps the most
novel of all the white gowns was one in per-
cloth over white mousseline
de soic. Tie perforations were very close,
giving the cloth a lace like appearance and
forming 4 very pretty bolero over the plaited
mousteline de sole bodice. Mousseline plait-
ings edged with tiny ruches were the finish
fround the feet. This is but a suggestion
of the elaborate detail and dainty diaphanous
fabrics which make up the ligh-necked gowns
worn by the fashionable women in the even.
fing. In many instances the vokes and sleeves
were transparent, simply veiling the differ-
ence between this and n full fledged evening
gown, for there was nothing lacking in the
way of elegance in
to make them all that
full dress,

The dainty accessories and detail of finish
absorb more time and attention in these days
than ever before in the history of dress, and
certainly they are a great factor in general
Fesult. improving or marring the effect as the
If it is true that the unwritten

forated white

material and decoration

fashion requires for

ease miy be

history of woman's true characteristics is . ; iuch ; ;
unconsciously revealed in the way she spends at the Horse Show was a pale blue velvet | prettiost cestumes of all were those of gray | on some of the red gowns, and white caraca! | °° Wer OFOEIN THOR ETO Oe tne Hare of Ostrich Feather Fans mounted on superb
gnoney, then there is & wide field this aeason | Oe with a bolero of biue cloth bordered with | oréne de chine trimmed with lace and tiny | is also sometimes used One costume, whieh } A nevel bolero is made of mink, with collar Tortoise Shell; and, as usual, the finest col-
for psychological research as applled to the pe ee oer rn — listened in) bands of sable Gray velvet gowns are not | is nothing if it is not Prench, has a red frieve | and revers of old lave, It is short enough to lection of

A a front with a scarf of bine chiffon tnusual in fact velvet cow very faali- oven ' Sites ‘ ke ae . . acke
fashionable woman's special peculiarities in ; cowns are very fash skirt trimined with «» ed bands of black | show a wide draped belt of black lace over
that line. She may have many good, and One thing which seems to have been settled | ionable, especially the panne velvet, which ix | velvet, @ black velvet bolero jacket with a | White chiffon fastened with long searf ends of HAIR ORNAMENTS

possibly some ethical reasons for the varied
distribution of her but one glance
@round the gorgeously arrayed assemblage
et the Horse Show left no doubt as to the lay-
feh expenditure of money on dress

It was quite as evident in the evening wrapea
as in the gowns, for certainly their extrayva-
@ant luxuriousness has never Leen surpassed
fn this country. There were long coata of
Jace over silk; lorg coats of baby lamb with
wide collar, deep revers and facing down the
fronts of ermine:long coats of silk cloth shirred
into shape about the waist and shoulders and
finished with the most costly sable collar and
revers; and quite as stunning as any of these
were the long coats of white and pale colored
cloths, the tints of tan being most popular.
Bome of these are as generously trimmed with

income,

WHITE GOWNS ARE POPULAR.
Dainty Diaphanous Fabrics Made Up

during this week of dreas parade is that gold
must be used very daintily if vou would follow
the latest and most exclusive ideas in dress
As was predicted early in the season, the craze

ons a ¥ y

Ce

 

the poptlur material of the season Velvet
{is treated in various ways to lighten the ef-
fect, one of the prettiest of which are the tn-
settings of lace, over the wiite silk foundation
Another and rather pretty idea is to scallop
the edges all around where it falls over chiffon
ruffles at the hem ,

In bodices there is very littl that ts new
except in the detail of finish, and the round
Waist drooping slightly in front and completed
With a pointed belt, either narrow or wide,
shares equally with the botero in fabsion’s favor
The bolero with a stole front and wide Eropire
helt of whieh is shown in one of the
is one of the latest variations of
There seems to be no limit to the
Jackets, some of which are so short
extend little below the arms,
thers have a little basque not more than

the eTec
illustrations
thi
variety ir
that they
while

miodel

 

very

 

 

|

 

the hem with a rosette or a white rose, Of
course these fancy affairs in light colors are
fore vening wear, but there are no end of dressy
Ur nes in Dlack, made up in a variety of coim-
binations

The eraze for small buttons as a mode of

|
education of the people of Porto Rico was one |

of the first concerns of the Ad» inistration, ‘The
English language is being taught to the pupils
tn such public schools a now exist, and a come-
prehensive syste) ot education will be pl inned

On analysis all methods of walking wll
be found to correspond to three main types,
The first of these is the flexion or bent-knee
gcit, which is used by all uncivilized, sandalled,

or moceasined nations, avd also by all persons

trimming extends even to the collar band, | in one of the bills to be presented to the first who are obliged to walk long distances in the
Lewislature, which will meet in San Juanon | shortest possible time over uneven ground,

Dec. 8. Teachers from the United States have | This gait has recently been officially adopted

been sent to Porto Rieo by the Government in some Buropean armies on account of ite

The matter of education bas also aroused the | convenience for prolonged marching. In this

 

Interest of the Americans resident in the island
In San Juan there lias existed for some time @
ladies’ aid society, composed almost entire ly
of American women, The needs of the natives,
particularly the women and children,
the subject of much thought and action on the
part of the members, and their work has been
of material benefit to the people of the istand

have been

not because there is a lack of disposition, but
because they have never been taught The
poverty of the masses of the people has heen
assumed to be the cause of these deficienctes
A woman who is @ housewile and can not stipe
port a fa: ily on 806r 40 cents a Weel is accounted
extravagant, In the market plitces it is poss-
ible to see women buying a half potato, one
tomato, a piece of squash as bia as a sauce dish,
and other things in proportion, with the total
cost of a day's marketing of two cents

w» The American women have undertaken the

mode of walking the body always leans fore
ward to a considerable degree, the knees are
always held slightly flexed, and the whole sole
of the foot comes down to the ground at the
same in-tant. This position of the
body, this elasticity of the bent Knees and this
perfect play of the arch of the foot: make pro-
pulsion easier, the expenditure of energy be-

oblicue

It has been found that the natives were Woe | comes less in consequence, and the endurance
| fully deficient not only in mental attainments | of the walker is enhanced in proportion. Yet,
but also in domestic economy. The native this flexion gait is not graceful, and not
women do not know how to cook, sweep, dust) adapted for women except on long walking
or wash. Household matters are neglected, tours

Phe second type of walking is the straleht-
leg gait of the soldier on parade, In this walk
the body is held erect, the forward foot is fully
extended and strikes the ground with the heel
first, the ball of the foot coming down next,
the other foot swinging in perfect cadence in
front of the first, the heel again striking the

ground fir t, &e. There is no question that this
wait, however admirable it may be from a
military point of view, does net eonform to

| task of instructing the native women in the art the standard of womanly grace, For this

lof living, For nearly two years the Ladies, reason, and in complianc e wie the pepe: le

here ow of small gold buttons with a little id Society in San Juan has been laboring. thatabhors ail jerky motion, wou in-
oe 2 eS ee the Porto Rican women are remarkably adept | courage the teaching of marching in’ girls

space between is sewn around on a narrow
black velvet band at the upper edge. Six
dozen buttons are not unusual on one gown,
and almost every gown has afew buttons some-
Where on the bodice

“The woman who has cameo and various
other old-time brooches in her possession is
in luck this season,for they are in great demand

| for the centres of black bows on fur and lace

collirettes, and the cameo brooches make very
pretty belt buckles set in silver or gold.

Everything in jewelry, except braceleta
and earrings, seems to be the fashion, and
long gold chains set with jewels are very much
worn. Small bits of enamelled gold set in at
intervals the entire length form one variety,
which is set forth as new, but jewels are more
attractive, and it is not necessary that they
should be all of one kind in one chain. Young
wiris delight in a chain which is hung with
email charms given to them from time to time
by their friends

 

Veloutine makes very stylish street gowns

trimmed with fur, and in the pale colors dotted
wilh black itis very much used for waists.

Brown Cloth gowns trimmed with heavy black
silk braid are considered very smart

Hosiery to match the dress is the latest fad,
and as if this were not enough it must be inset
with little motifs of lace like the trimming
on the costume

White gardenias are very popular for hat
trimming, Perhaps more so than
yet nothing in the way of artificial flowers can
be much more beautiful than the rose pro-
ductions of this season. Roses of gold) gauze
are gilse very mi

the roses,

 

Jace and platted chiffon fringed with fur tails

Hats are certainly very artistic this season,
and really wondertul in vanety. The com-
binations of fur and lace are charming, and
all fur toques, with one large gold gauze rose
for a finisu, are simply fascinating. A mink
crown and a creamy point d onprik brim with
a narrow line of fur in its folde form one very
pretty toque. The eect of lightness in hats
seers to be more seriously considered
has been for some time, and the result is a de-
cided improvement in the poise of the hats on
the head, and adds to their becoming features
Pieture hats are made of fur with rosettes of
brown tall), where the brim turns up at the
side, and brightened by an enamelled buckle
in blue or green

Cleth with a knit finish fs very much used in |

the neutral colors, for street gowns. It has
asoft velvety surface and all the clinging quali-
ties which fashion requires,

 

‘, used and with good effect |

than it !

with the needle and the greatest progress
has been made in developing this natural trait
and teaching them how to utilize the skill to
advantage. Drawn work and fancy work
of all kinds have been made marketable and
the product has been sold for the advantage
of the producers. There has, however, been
such a lack of concert and such nee@ of better
facilities for the develonment of domestic
learning that Mrs

who has been in Porto Kieo for two years,

J. H. Harrison of Chicago, |

undertook the establishment of a sehool for |

the training of women

Mrs. Harrison went North in the early sum-
mer. and in New York she enlisted the interest
of George H. Heyl, son of the late Standard
Oil magnate, When she returned to Porto
Rico in October she took with her an authori-
gation from Mr. Hey! to spend 320,000 in the

schools and collewes. As a rule, the result is
very ungraceful, the lines of thumping, shoul-
der-shrugging wirls walking at a swinging
cadence to the stirring strains of martial musie
being anything but editying

The third type is the wait of the pedestriag
on the well-graded surfaces of our city streets,
The great toes should move in parallel lines,
pointing directly forward, tor while the out-
ward pointing of the toes is normal in the pas-
sive standing attitude it is not normal when
the footisinaction. The walk with toes point-
ing out has been thorougiily inculeated into
most of us by nursery maids, governesses and
dancing masters, andis the most petent factor
in the causation oj flat-foot. The foot should
be placed on theground with the ball of the
foot, not with the heel, first, in order to give
full play to the arch. The knees should be

establishment of an industrial school for the | very slightly bent, just enough to lift the foot

 

  

no imitation goods, are kept. | have

ic y Mrs. Har-
eation of Porto Rican women, ° °

ee went to Worcester, Mass,, to engage a
teacher for the school and m ile a contract
with Miss Helen Rice of the Oread achoo! at
that city to go to Porte Rico, Until the school

   

 

 

  

A Hint for Men!

Amber Shell, in designs and styles too numerous to mention in detail.
The only firm where nothing but the genuine Tortoise and Amber Shell, and absolutely

EVERYTHING FOR THE HAIR.

No Branch Stores, S « “
oJ Lb. WVMN101180 1U

033 broadway, 2ist and 2231 Sts

  

For the coming holiday season,! have a
magnificent assortment of genuine

TORTOISE SHELL

Hand Mirrors, oval and round; Cloth, Hat,
Hair and Mustache Brushes; Cigar, Cigarette
and Card Cases; Glove Stretchers; Shoe
Horns, Paper Cutters, Powder Boxes, Hair
Pin Trays, Money Purses, plain and beauti-
fully carved Lorgnettes, and the finest quality

    
    
 
 
       
 
    
 
   
 
    
 
  

    

consisting of ruby, mottled and pure

       
     

   

| from the ground as the limb swings forward,

The spine must be mobile, 80 as to compensa

by a slight rotation, for the lateral motion of

the peivisateach step. The length of te ste

must be regulated according to the yong €
1

@able as the more expensive materials, and sii | : 7 +
fn one instance the flowing sleeves w three inches deep at the back and narrowing ilk petticoats are being supplanted to a! ye @rmiv established Miss ii nd Mrs. Har- | the pendulums represented by the lower limba.
f ted loth ! it a ee ee to nothing at the waist Line on either side of the | great extent by the wash skirts of dainty  rigon will be the ons ants 7 eine! . ae temas pela’ clgntly Wie cach een,
r' cloth over white net a , ee ee , | white on vorately ’ fos dide the city of fan Juan has ie movements being greates: .
perfoya ; i . the whole front. ‘hie is apparently cut circular, at least | white lawn trim ed elaborately with lace and ground just -— ane 1 0 ott tion of eavaral | oF ihe Gib and blevont a st ot the extreme
garment lined with white satin. A grace. ' | embroider yeen purchased and th ; a mow Oe upercentible at the
ful effect is gained by the use of a box plait just enough so that it fits very close to the hips | achool buildings will be begun iin Dpcomber | Shoulder, GEORGE ALEXANDER Saxe, M.D,
, » é . . ; vesheva ~" i; } at redinentary branches
which gradually widens to the hem in the back Short rounded jackets worn over soft. silk | Medallions of velvet, embroidered in gold | The simplest aod most a rauent washing | Com —— - ——
Bome of the long couts are cut in redingote waists are another variety, while again you and variously distributed on a costume are | of ——— arrubbing, sweeping, dusting and
es see the entaway stvles worn with a real Con- one of the favored modes of decoration. Me- | vaehinat Mire the points. about which the native

fonn and made of velvet as well as cloth.
Every thing in the way of Empire effects

inental waistcoat

   

east knowledge,

= Mi te have the i
women Keer) tazy and indo-

“The Porto Rican men may be

  

SPECIAL SALE

! 0 ‘ fackets ar ‘ antiv | a M “by e wome
fe fashionable for evening wraps, owing chiefly, 7. a x oe ee ee eee tent,” suid Mra. Harrison, “but the women are
9 ' . ope e ro tvle as they ave beer or some time, “4 @ Thev are willing enoueh, * °
{t Is said, to Bernhardt's success in “L’Aigion peso ae : The se oe ORIE N T
al giving every opportunity of selecting a mode simply co not know how, Tho servant pr

In the Empire coats of silk or satin a broad

 

@ elaborate

 

  

 

 

the hips were almost if not quite os closely
fitted as when the habit skirt was in vogw

In fact it is not altogether out of vosrue r

 

 

times in the Horse Show parade of dress. One
very effective exariple was in blue cloth trimumned

with block silk braid nearly an inch wide, which

 

 

 

 

  

is of pale blue panne

Another very handsome cown is ot cream
cloth perforated tor the bolero and skirt trim-

The under bodice is of tucked chiffon

 

 

dallions of plaited mousseline and fine lace are
also much employed and sometimes framed

| shoes

lem here is most serious and the prize servants

 

 

but by various other corroborative

indications about him, he was not an uncheer-,
ful person, but the receint of the monev made
A® to

him more cheerful still whether he

would actually devote the money thus obtained

very household wilt be immenstiy
helped by this remarkable undertak
ing. Prospectus, full directions, refer
enoes, ete, sent free on receipt of 100.

 

@titched band of the silk passes under the arms | sit d to the ind \ c sal Very smart are the come from St. Thomas, q hew are hot wen
and fastens in front with large antique silver | for gold has rather. overthrown itself, and | fur E’ons, especially ose of baby lamb with great prizes either, ‘Ser t Rag gos As dee Art Wares 4,
ancees ant ape to he le d
buttons. Directcire coats, fitting the fiure | now it is used very gincerly and in the most | Sar bt The peonle have not only to be . he,
more closely than the Eimpire, are finished | expensive qualities. Silver cloth and. silver taught the ordinary roaring, oe i 150 Medium Carabaghs at $7.50 to 9.88
With wide pointed revers covered with fur, gauze are both very noch loyed in various military collar and cuffs of the red cloth striped | | eiphering but they have to be taught how 300 A tique Kasaks, Toate, pall Mi
ways of trimming and entite gowns ere made with the black, and a blouse bodice of thin | to live and eat sensesnpailcauslae souls, 3-6 to 4-6x6 to 10... . .$15 to 33.00
of the latter covered with black not elaborately white cloth trimmed wath balfeneh band BLACK AND TAN. Vases, Bronzes, Ivory and Marble Carvi
inset with lace and sometines striped with of black velvet ribbos pinned together with | | . ini all sizes,—moderate prices. -
black velvet ribbon, Fine cyt steel beads | oper-work stitches done in white silk The | | caseat Meeting With a Man Who Wore Shoes
are also a speciaity of triniming mixed in with latter is a very pretty iden which can be used Thus Cross: Matched, Latest “FAD” in Pillows:
embroidery and sewn at intervals on silk and In Various ways with good eff | ‘ . faf ke het
« ° ° ‘ ‘ Mf ime o t t weet,
velvet bands used for various purposes of Blouse waists of corduroy well covered with | early it — n . ‘ - os co peril : Leather-Pyro taphic Art in attrcctios
2 val fortune, a ul oem c
dnaaoatien stitched bands of panne, or cloth of the same | wis 8 eee 7 » cties ha fad Ga, whlen Dragoa ond Hone Head Designs, $5 up
The much disputed question of skirts also | color arranged in festoor re also worn with | this man to wear ; i Ae oe . > aaa Turkish Embroidered, silk back andl toons
, cf s other & No ‘ 3
received nt least a temporary settlement, the | the cloth skirts and bole kets for street | | were one black he a 4 a ks saase cha 24x24, complete, at...............36
close-fitting skirts baving the lead far and away costumes, Tan, era ind white are the first | they mated in shape snc «emueh el 1
beyond any cthers. T! most fashionably | choice in ard t isually bright. | | they did in color, but they a a close par
dresaed women wore tie closesfitted skirt ened with some gold butts J a black eaten | | in dilapidation, and (thoueht the man - r au $ ay
‘ of tum Cashes r ‘ ; hed by the wearer of this eross-mateler
flaring well around the feet, and with (oe fulness collar bat deor d with gold proach ’ r -— ‘
at the back stitehed down in a few small plaits Arnong the « “Vv gowns reen at the Horse | footaear), A — a shoe cr Id be bl —— Sth Ave. & 26th St., New Yort..
B ' feures are » ‘ ) Mine: . ' d do, they'd do better, anyhow here
The women with | ret gures are not quite Show in the eveni Was ¢ of black peint they '¢ ; oe Constantinople.
ready to discard (he shirt whieh shows off desprit trimmed with lace and black velvet, as | | was a piace in town, he knew, where they did |, ple. China, Japan.
j ; hing ' “ Pre , P - GS
their pretty lines and acer; t one with | bits shown in the illustration It 1de over | that sort ef tl ing, t at is, where they ch unger | TO
Br cecaad ab Wa, 20 1) akira, wut boada silver gauze, which is very effective under the tan shoes to black, and he told the man with | p QUESTION SOLVED
ite time. There are shirts with close-titting black. Another pretty costurne is of guipure the odd shoes where soy Waa, as nearlv as he | BE
' ' “me > , im. 9 © same time
hip yokes with pliits below, and there are lace and chiffon, finely aceordion plated tor could re ee ie cade te eee _ | The bent women ef Amores Semen
skirts plaited at the waist line, but they are | the bodice, where the lace is cnught down with @ sum sUrcIeNs to enk on yO oe Se eee and Europe organizing for a simple
usually in the soft. thin materials ike veiling, | buttons of gold braid and strands of black thus mated eee bgt age required, effective, setentifie, eeonomle remedy
crepe de chine and roousse , and then the chenille A pretty costune in pale gray erépe pentane there was here only half a pair to be fer entering evils in domestic service.
nke e form of eks ere hinchi py ODS “olle The ja rith le chine shows lice insertions. of ere, tim ireatec he only comprehensive attempt
nlaita otten © - : ' ; 4 ” ss :; : | chinchilla revers & . comme she sachet wits a 7 d the tue! od shirt " = : . “ eulpure Clearly the man with the shoes was pleased made to really solve the ana Danan
were many skirts with cireular ff wes, and | the short, close basque seems to be one of the | aroun : iecked shirt, uinished with three Despite his seeming lack of becuntary re- of all problems. 6800 in honorart
all the skirts were verte full at the hem, tut jatest favorites, at lenst it was repeated many | narrow bands of brown tur ‘The wide belt sources, as evidenced not alone by his odd no fees, subscriptions or expensea

 

le
emproidery, While the tong | some of the new cloth gowns have no fulness | was sewn on in a series of seallops deep and | ming in irregular lines, which add very much to | } , J ;
po hae the lead f paine wraps there are | in the back save that which is given by te | broad enough so thet one was sufficient for the | with ros of narrow Ince insertion between | effect ™ se tr Watts, more or oe aden’ of ta as "Seen HOUSE
inte cmertiows of ntryade in cloth with | flare. width of the jacket fronts and tt was fastened | the tucks, The silk foundation dress is of | cigtachioned coliarettes of Honiton ang | D&monal appearance. he would spend cele Springecla, tase
eut with a and thret\of eter length capes, In the procession of color in the evening | with two handsome buttons over a vest of cream | apricot-colored silk, which shines very pret. Duchess lace are revived again, and the weenn mearure of’ (mmediate doy ont t ver
Bretty flare ID Ce Sito give them a} pale blue seemed to predominate, and thcre | cloth tily through the openings. Still another varia- | who has one or more of these #towed away in ment found ii wunai ewith “cortal 7 ae
are at the hom at “wer fit around | were pale ble wowns, pale biue chiffon Lats Soft reds in all the shades between a brilliant © tion of the white cl-th cown is made in bands | her tregsure box is to be congratulated, to determine,
.
- >
- . ~aaebe pn mnagens en _ yo Op oom inary ayneatt | wt ve = -