AN AMAZON OF THE SBA,

JOUISE BAKER, THR MARINE, IN THE
WAR OF INT?

 

fhe Eniteted as a Marine on the Frigate Con-

stitution, Disguised aca Man, an Served
Three Famous Sea Fights. Story Told in
or Antoblography Her Ses Not Dhecovered

  

It a known that one woman, Miss Remaon,
who called herself  Hobert Shurtlifl, served
the Kevolutionary War in the disguise of

in
and it is a fact less generally known

a man,
that several women
in the War of 1812 in the garb of men, and though
some of them were detected at least one instance
won record of a woman thus serving without
her sex becoming known until she waa cap.
qured by the enemy and aondneted to prison,
@hen she confessed the deception in order
@e avoid incarceration, Now Edgar 8, Maclay,

the naval historian, has discovered the arto- |

biography written in 1816 of a woman who en-
listed as a marine on the famous frigate Con-
stitution, Capt. Isaae Hull, and served through-
out the War of 1812, receiving an honorable
diacharge under her assumed name of George
Baker on the cessation of hostilities

While Miss Baker was in this ship she took
active part in three of the most celebrated
waval engagements of those days, namely,
the action with the Guerriére, that with the
Java and thet with the Cyane ond Levant.
In the second engagement the musket she
was firing was struck by a grape shot and
the butt shattered that another musket
was handed to her

Mr. Maclay has carefully examined thia
@itobiography, brown with age, wormeaten
and crumbling to pieces and in some places
fllegible with time, and is satisfied as to its
correctness in all matters pertaining to the
cruises of the Constitution. As to other parts
they are presumably correct. The woman
called herself Loulse Baker, the surname being
Assumed, to save the name of her family from
discredit. She was the danghter of well-to-do
parents living near Boston, was betrayed at
the ase of 17 and therefore ran away to Boston
There she was inveigled into a den, where she
remained three years. After relating these
facts her autobiography continues:

“In 1812, forming the acquaintance of a young
man, the First Lieutenant of a privateer then
lying in a neighboring port, who in the course
of an evening's conversation humorously ob-
gerving that had he been born
diaposition would have been the same to rove
about and see the world, I suggested to him

so

the difleulty that must attend him exposed
as he must be to the insults of such who con-
ecived it no dishenorable action to insult a
fecoale who should presume thus to venture |
abroad alone and unprotected. To which he
replied Were Toa female, and disposed to
trave!, | would assume a different dress from
that usually wern by vour sex, which T am
contident would rather expose me to injury

than afford me protection, T would garb my
self as a male and, for such, pass among all
t with whom T might have ocessi on
associate. ‘This Lam confident T could effect
and travel abroad both by sea and land, with
prover preeaution without exposing my sex.

=e to

From this inoment L beeame dissatisfied
will) my situation in life. New projeets ocen-
pedo my mind. Ashamed to return to my

flised parents whom T had so long deserted
1 felt now no other disposition than in a dis-
guise to visit other parts of the country and
t pursue a course of life less immoral and
dostruetive to my peace and happiness in this
‘fe. Having provided everything necessary
for my entrance in a new character on the stage
of life, 1 seized upon a favorable opportunity
early one morning, to equip myself therefor
Reing garbed completely in a satlor’s suit,
1 quit unnoticed my lodgings and passed into
the public street

“From nv awkward appearance in attempt-
ing to assume the character of a male, I was not
without my fears that Tshould be suspected, nor
were my apprehensions relieved until passing
through Court street, | ventured to accost one
of my own sex, who answering with a ready
*Yes sir,’ strengthened my confidence that I
ehould pass for a male. T bent my course
toward the old market, where, entering a vict-
alling cellar, I procured breakfast there.
The remainder of the day T spent in rambling
about the town. Lodgings T obtained withont
diffleulty, and the next morning sought a passage
for the southward. This it was diMent!t to ob-
tain at this time as the harbor heing clos ly
blockaded by the enemy, no vessel would venture
alroad, and for the want of funds not being en-
nbled to travel by land, Twas compelled reluct+

antly to give up the idea of a Southern excursion, |
“Passing through Fish street, I entered a house |

where there was a public rendezvous for the en-
Hating of men to go on board one of the United
States frigates then lvine in the harbor and shortly
bound on a erutse. [This was the famous
ét-wun frigate Constitution, Capt. Isaae Hull,
whieh had just arrived in Boston after her cele-
Vrated escape from the British squadron off
fand, Hook.}| Encouraged by the active
part which one of my sqx had takeninthe late
American war (the RevAlution) without ex-
}osing her sex,l viewed this as 9 favorable
opportunity to try my fortune in the publie
terviceof my country, provided Teculd avcid
thesearchwhich new recruits generally undergo
This Lsucceeded in doing by anartful stratogem,
end entered as a marine, received my advance
pnd clothing, and the next day was taken on
toard

“New scenes now opened tomy view. Pains
were taken by the officers of the marines to
frstruet mein the manual exercise, of which I
had no necessity of pleading ignorance. My
good fortune in having fer my commander
eneof the most humane and experienced officers
in the American navy [this was William 8&
First Lieutenant of Marines, who was

  
 

 

Hush,
thot
in the action between the Constilution and the
Guetrriere which took place short)
Baker sailed on her first cruise! was much in
my favor, as the respect entertained for him
and the under offleers caused the utmost har-
mony to prevail among the ship's crews, In
August we set sail [The Constitution sailed
froin Boston on this eruise Aue, 2, 1812) with
a fair wind and in good spirits, We first stood
an easterly course in hopes of falling in with
@ British frigate eruising in that direction, I
euffered a litte eonfinement by seasickness
(so pecuiiar to fresh hands; which was all the
illness | experienced during the whole cruise,
“Inthe use of my arms I made great pro-
see and I soon learned to load and discharge
.

musket withan expertness not surpassed by |

Rny in my corps, We passed near the Isie of
fables [Cape Sable] and took a station off the
Gulf of St. Lawrence near Cape Race, to in-
tercept vessels bound either to or from Canada
While cruising off this station we captured two
merchant vessels, Having received infor.
mation that the British squadron was off the
Grand Banks and not far distant, our brave
commander determined to change his cruising
grounds. He gecording!y stood to the south-
ward and on the 17th he was informed by the
commander of an American
a British ship of war had been seen the div
before, standing to the southeast
she could not be far of
privateer Decatur, Capt. Nichols, of New-
bury port Only the day before the Deetuar
bad been chased by the Guerriére and had
easily outaniled her. On falling in with the
Constitution the Deentur was again chased
and though Niecnols threw overboard twelve
of his fourteen guns, he was overhauled by
the speedy Yankee frigate and did not learn
that she was a friend until taken aboard.)

 

“Our intrepid commander immediately made |

sail, intending, if possible, to fall in with her
On the luth of August, at 271 M., a vessel was
discovered to the southward. Our
stantly gave chase, and soon gained on her
At a P.M. it could plainly be perceived that
she was a ship under easy sail close hauled
to the windward. Seon afterward she was
ascertained to be a frigate. Our ship con-
tinued the chase. At about three miles dis-
tanee, our commander ordered the light sails
to be taken in, the courses to be hauled up,
and the ship to be cleared for action. The

chase now backed her main topsail, and waited | cautionary means by which she was enabled te 4 capture

enlisted as privateers |

a female his |

through the head and instantly killed |

alter Miss |

privateer that |

and that i
{This was the famous |

ship ine |

for our «hip to come down. It was frequentiy
observed by those who have been in battle
that at the commencement of an engagement
the moat reeolute feel daunted In some degrees,
but, Pecan eolerinty declare, that 1 never felt
more composed every person on beerd,

fe

@ventothe conowest lad, are on sueh oeeneion*
Aankions to distinguish themselves at ther
mie So LT fell an extreme desire to render

myself conspicuous and toe perform that which
Woman never before achleved  Stationed In
the top E waited only with iropatience for the
battle to commence Asa soon aa our abip was

  
 

bring to elose action the British frigate which
| about this time holsted her ensien

"As noon as our ship came within munshet
the British frigate fired her broadside, then
filled away, wore and gave a broadside on the

| othertack They, however, produced no effect

' Her shot fell short. The British frigate man
@uvred and wore several times for three-

| Position. But not succeeding in this she bore
| up under her topsail and jibs with the wind
on the quarter Our brave commander it-
| mediately made «all to bring his ship up with
| her. At five minutes before ¢@ P.M. our ship
being alongside within pistol shot, he ordered
@ brisk firing to commence from all her guns,
which were double shotted with round and
grapeshot, and so well-directed and 80 warmly
kept up was our fire that in fifteen minutes
the mizzenmast of the British frigate went by
' the board: her hull was mueh injured and her
| rigging and sails torn to pieces
“Dl was at this time busily emploved in the
top plying my faithful musket with the best
siicceess whenever the smoke would permit me
to sea a bluejacket of the enemy = In the heat
| of the action a grape shot struck and splintered
| the butt of my musket, It was noticed by one
| of iny comrades who stood within a few feet of
me, who, patting me upon the shoulder, ex-
claimed ‘Never mind tt, George, vou have
won laurels sufficient to recommend you to
| the pretty girls when vou return toy ort.”

} “The grapeshot and small arme of our ship
| completely «wept the decks of the British frie-

i
|
|
|

ate. Thirty minntes after the commence-
ment of the action the mainmast and fore-
| mast of the British frigate went by the board

taking with them every apar except the bow-
sprit. She then struck her colors, nd as soon
as her crew could be removed, in consequence

of her sinking condition, was set fire to and
blew up at quarter pastthree, She had fifteen
men killed and sixty-one wounded [(he offf-

 

cial records place the CGuerriere’s casualties
at fifteen killed and sixty-three wounded),
while our losses amounted to no more than
seven killed and eight or ten wounded [off!-
cial records the Constitution's casual-
ties at seven killed and seven wounded.)
“Soon after this noble achievement our eal-
lant shin returned to port, where she remained
for some time undergoing neeessary
“While bere T had frequent
to go on shore, and in more than one it
wis actually in company with girls who were
itely ray associates, but who did not ident.fy
¥y person, so artfrlly did I disguise myself
feltnod toresnme my former dress,
rtoreturn to that wicked course of life whieh
now more than ever detested. Tt was from
some of my old acquaintances that 1 learned
that tled the bloodhounds were
unkenneled and sent in every direction after
me. T conversed with familiarity with many
who, in my late situation, knew me well, but
to whom | was now a stranger, I did not
disclose the important secret. Curiosity alone
induced me to visit a place at whieh T had al-
ready spent too great a portion of my nmiisera-
ble life. It was here | resorted for an even-
ing’s Amusement with my shipmates where,
over the cheerful glass, we boast of the superior
skill and judgement of our officers and of the su-
perior sailing of our ship.
} “As soon as tefttred, our ship was ordered
upon another er during whieh T hed an-
! other opporumity to assist my brethren in
revenging their injuries. In December, along
the coast of South America, two strange ves
sels were discovered on our weather bow
At 10 they were discovered to be ships, One
of them stood in for the land, The other stood
off shore toward our ship. [These were the
British frigate Java and her prize, the Ameri-
con ship William, the latter making for Bahia,
| of whieh t the action took place, while
i the fricate bore down on the Yankee to vive
battle! At 10 A.M. our commander tacked
to the southward and eastward, hauled up
| themainsnil andtookinthe royals. At quarter
| post P.M, the ship in sight proving to be an
Fnglish frigate and being sufficiently dis-
tant from land, our commander ordered the
! mainaails and rovals to be taken in, to tack
| ship and to stand for the enemy, who soon
bore down with the intention of raking our
| ship, which we avoided by wearing
| “A general action now commenced with round
'
!
|

pinee

|
|
|
|
|
|

repairs

opportunities

 

stonce

spe

l

rn
1
©
I

is soon aa l

 

as

 

ise,

 

and grapeshot. Both vessels for some time

maneuvred to obtain a position that would

enable them to rake or avoid being raked.

About 8 o'clock the head of the British vessel's

bowsprit and Jibboom were shot away, and in

the xpeee of an hour her foremast was

away by the board and her main topmast just

ebove the cap. About 4 o'clock, the fire of the
Britis: vessel being completely silenced, and
her colors being down, she was supposed to
have struck. But her flag was soon after die
covered to be still flying. About a quarter
of an hour after the mainmast of the British
vessel went by the board.

“About three-quarters of an hour after 4
o'clock our ship got in a very good position
1 fy raking, when the enemy prudently struck

her flag, being then almost a wreck. She wos
| @ frigate mounting 49 guns, with & complement
| of 490 men, of whom @ were killed and about

150 wounded. The official report places the
Java's complement at 426 men and her casnal-
ties at 6 killed and 101 wounded.) Our loss
| was comparatively small In this engage-
} ment T did not attempt signnlize myself

less than in the former. From the ship's top

I discharged my piece nineteen times, which,
| as I now had learned to take pretty exact aim,
must, 1 think, have done some execution.

“An neeident soon after the conclusion of the
engagement occurred which was near betray-
ing my *ex to the whole ship's crew,  Attempt-
ing to zo below | made a misstep ond fell from
| the everboard, Not knowing how
| toswim [sunk immediately, A boat was sent to

my relief, but before they could recover me

and yet me on board life had become nearly
| exti® AS soon as they sneceeded in getting
' me on deck, as I had not strength to doit my-
self, some of my shipmates were ordered to
| strip off my clothes and to furnish me with a
‘dry suit. And they had nearly divested me
lof my out dress when I mustered suMefent
| etrength to bee of them to desist, as I then felt

to effect it myself.

shot

 

|

 

to

|
|
|
j
|
|

shrouds

 

turned to the United States,

oficers ond the whole ship's crew were received

by our countrymen with

of joy and esteem for our late gallant exploit
| So closely were all our harbors blockaded at

this tume by ~ of the enemy that it

abl
| “Not long after our late engagement we re-
}
| every
|

 

large §
|

to get out. We consequently lay a long while
in port, during whieh the time for which T had

| entered expired, but T again immediately re-
| entered, and before the conclusion of peace
successful cruises, (it was

| made two more
in her last cruise that Miss Baker participated
| in the extraordinary action between the Con-
stitution and two Britis) warslipe, the Cyane
and Levant,) at the expiration of which I
received a rewular discharge
“Thus for nearly three years had I passed for
| and performed the duties of a marine on board
\ a frigate the celebrated of any in the
American Navy, during which time | have been
| inthree severe engagements, and never absented
myseli frominy peostintimeofdinger 1 have.
| like others of the ship's crew, freely associated
! with my shipmates both at sea and on shore.
And yet, as extraordinary as it may appear, |
have pot the most distant idea that a single soul
on board ever had the least suspicion of my sex.
| I have thoroughly studied the memoirs of Miss
Rem<on and by strict adherence to the pre-

most

  

 

* avotd an exposure of herses 1, too, was enabled

te conceal mine

T now, more than ewer, felt a cinpomtion vu
revurn foomy parents from whom Thad been
neurly six yeare absent. Having received my
prize money and wages TL now determined once
more to resume the female character and te
clad mvself accordingly, To furniah myself
with a few necessary articles of clothing | went,
ns the ladies tern it, sho «and having made
a purchase of a anitentire in Cornhill, with the
enabled onee more
As | was

   

newistance of a milliner, was
to appear in my ortainal eharacter

Teady for action, she bore down, Intending to | under some apprehension that some one might

possibly recognize tiny person in one of the two
charactera in which P had appesred [did not

i think it advisable to continue long in Boston

quarters of an hour, in order to obtain a raking |

where our brave |

demonstration ,

was thought imprudent for us to attempt then |

] therefore, a few days later, aet out for my
native home, which place | reached the sue-
ceeding day in safety

‘| entered my parents’ house at noon day
They were at dinner. I smiled. They enzed,
but knew me not, By my mother | was invited
to partake with them and not until had thrown
out hints relative to some past affairs of the
family did they recognize their long-lost child.
Happy meeting, It was the return of the prodi-
gal penitent to her afflicted parents, My
friends, soon after my departure, traced me to
Boston, but could never there obtain any further
information of me, ‘They listened with atten-
tion (o the sorrowful tale of my adventures,
while the tears trickled down the cheeks of my
parents at the recital of my adversities,

“tt was first my determination never to make
public the unpleasant traits of my character,
but IT have s nce been persuaded to disclose so
much aa is contained in the foregoing pages
by a friend in whom L could confide, Every
circumstance, however trifling, whieh could
possibly lead to a discovery of my real name or
that of my purents orof the placeof my nativity
will be withheld, as a disclosure can profit the
reader nothing but may do me es#ential injury.
If what I have exposed to publie view is suf-
ficient to induce youths ol my sex never to listen
to the voice of love, unless sanctioned by pater-
nal approbation and to resist the impulse of
inclination when it runs counter to the pre-
cepts of religion and virtue, then, indeed,
have I not written In vain!”

 

 

ROGLES'S TWO TRADES.

He Tells of How He Lost at Swapping Gold
Chains and How He Got Even.

“Woll T was a livin’ in a town up in the State
an’ T come down to the tavern there one night
where we men used to meet at night and a fel-
ler, name of Hendrickson, came along in and
sez ‘Hullo Rogers"

‘Hullo,’ sez I

‘Wull,’ sez he, ‘it's a good night for a trade’
Them country folks is turrible for tradin’
Yes,’ sez. 1, ‘if you've got anything to trade

“*Wull! sez he, ‘I'll trade ver my @eld chain
for yours, Yours is a good one, isn't it?

“ "Yes, sez 1, ‘paid eighty dollars for it’

*“Wull, | looked at his chain and it seemedto
be a good ‘nough chain and | took it over to
the bartender and he said it was a good chain;
thet they was both good chai So we traded

Walla couple o' days after 1 was a down in
Now York and | went into a jewelry shop down
in Maiden lane where I knew the man Wali,
sez he, ‘Hullo! Rogers, hullo, how are you”

‘Hullo! sez I

“Wull we was o talkin’ there about the wea-
ther ond one thing an’ another and then T pulled
out the chain an' T sez to him, ‘What's tha
wuth” just as tho’ [ didn't care nut about
it

“Wall, he looked et it and then he tuk it to
the winder and put a glass up to his eve an*
then he looked at it again an’ then he sez ‘Taint

 

is

 

  

 

 

no good

“'*Taint no good” sez I

“No. sez he, ‘wuth two or three dollars, jus’ a
little bit plated’

“Wall?
lur on it, anyhow

“Wull, [| went back up to the town an’ when
night come T went to the tavern an’ T sez, ‘See
here Hendrickson, that aint no square deal

“Why not?’ sez he

asltukitback, I'mina dol-

ace t

“'*Taint ro good,’ sez 1
“*Oh,’ sez he

“Yen, ser |

*'T never holler,’ sez he’
“Oh! sez I

“Wall, T went home an’ a few dave after as

I wes a comin’ along the road T see the parson
a sittin’ on a fence an’ he calls out ‘Hullo
Rogers, hulle’
’ Hullo sez To Wall, T see that he was a
Jookin’ sorter down in the tnonth so [ sez, ‘Par-
son, vou don't seem to be in very good sptrits
this mornin’

“*Wull sez he, ‘you know that hoss o' mine?”

“'Yes,’ sez 1, ‘as good @ hoss as there is in
the county’

“Wall,” sez he, ‘it’s dead’

“Dead” sez

“Ves, sez he

“* Parson,’ sez 1, ‘will ver give me that hoas”

“Why? sez he, ‘what do you want o' that

 

 

 

hose?’ -
“Oh! sez fT bury him’
“*Wull! sez he, ‘Rovers, you never done

nuthin’ to me, an’ you kin have the hoss‘

“All richt,’ sez I, an’ [ went on down to the
tavern an’ | wentin an’ | waited till Hendrick-
son come in

“Hullo! Rogers,’ sez he

“Hullo, sez 1, ‘wood day for a trade’

“'Yes,’ sez he, ‘if you've got anythin’
trade’

“Wull’ sez I, ‘you know that hoss o° the
parsorn's?'

*"Yos,' sez he

on ull, it's mine,’ sez 1

"Yours? sez he

“Yes, sez I

“"Wuhill,! sez he,

“Wait, sez 1, ‘tll T tell you about that hoss *

“Oh, sez he, ‘you ean’t tell me nuthin’ aboug
that hoss I know all about him '

“Wall, sez 1, ‘what ll you «ive me for him?

“'Why. sez he, Til give that hoss, wagon
an’ harness | got out there

*"Wuill, | went outside an’ I felt of the hoss
and looked over the rig and [sez ‘All right’

So we tuk thehoss an'put him in the stable
and hung up th harness and we leit the wagon
Aa standin’ outside

“Then to him, ‘Now, Hendrickson,
you go up to the parson an’ tell lim to give
you that hoss’

Wull, he went along an’ | tuk the hoss out
o' the stable an’ harnessed him upto the wagon
an’ drove home | was satisfied Wull, the
nex’ day after that | come into the tavern and
Hendrickson calls out ‘Hullo, Kogers, hullo!
‘Tullo,’ sez}
Now,’ sez he, ‘that wasn't no fair deal’

“Not sez I, ‘why not?

“"Why,' sez he, ‘ihat hoss is dead.’

“Dead? sez I

“* Ves,’ sez he -

“Wall! sez 1, ‘L didn't say he waa alive
I was a goin’ to tell you about that hoss an’
you said you knowed all about him’

’ Oh! wall’ sez he, ‘it ain't square, no how.’

“"Oh” sez 1, ‘T never holler

*Wull, to this day when there's any hoss
tradin’ a goin’ on up in that town they ask,
‘Is he alive’

MAINE'S CANNING INDUSTRY.

to

 

Ke?

 

 

  

175 Factories That Pay $1,400,000 a Year in
Wages --Value of the Outpet, 835,306,080.

Avousta, Me., Nov. 30. According to the
report of the Hon, 8. W. Mathews, State In-
dustrial and Labor Cormmissioner, which ts
about to be issued, the Pine Tree State is the
champion sardine canning community of the

country and is third on the list of States that
ean aweet corn. In tact, Maine is the only
State engaged in the industry of putting up
small herring and other suitable feh 4s sar-
dines. There are about 175 canning factories
thin its borders, the value of which is about
1.04) and give employment to more than
15,000 operatives, The amount of wases paid
in 1800 Was about $1,400,000: to the farmers for
corn, $841,000, and the value of the entire out-
put of all the factories was $5,106,080 during
the vear

Over 11,000 acres were planted to sweet corn
in 1890. Theecanning of clams, blueberries
apples, beans, squash, pumpkin and small
fruits seenis to be on the increase, according
to Mr. Mathew’s report, and he does not see
any good reason why the industry should not
fncrease lerwely in the packing of these icles,
Healso says that it appears to be generally con-
ceded that the corn, apples and berries of
Maine are superior in quality to the same pro-
ducts in other States, owing, doubtless, to
climatic conditions. In every kind of canning
Inen, women and children are paid remunere
ative wages, and the canning factories give to
many poor families their only opportunity
for earning money

 

  

    
  

 

 

‘Powams a Drag in New Jersey.

From ie Philadelphia Tinea,

Lowhk ALLoway, Nov 16 If the average
colored man was aware of the fact that oppos-
sums are so plentiful around here that they are
being used as a fertilizer he could fill his larder
for the winter with little expense These an-
imals are so thick that one man has gone Into
the businesss of buying them and selling them
again for this purpose. After being skinned
the carcass ix planted at the bottom of grape-
vines andtrees itis not a difcult matter to

a dozen in one night in the wilds here.

 

 

   

 

 
   

  
  

HAZING BY GIRT STUDENTS,

IT IS VERY DIFFERENT FROW THAT AT
MEN'S COLLEQES.

Rowgh About tt, and tt t In-

 

There t+ Noth

 

DECEMBER 2, 1900.

tended ta Correct Defects of Character |

Vaeenr's Tree Custam Same Geod Re.
eatts Tricks Girts Play on One Another.

Hazing of one kind of another, which eorves
totenoh freshmen their proper places, has been
characteristic of colleges for inen ever since
the time when Socrates Inaugurated the custom
by putting his paptls through a course of ques
tioning that pricked effectually any bubble of
conceit they might be cherishing. The hazing
in men's colleges to-day takes a very different
form: but the lesson intended for the freshman
is identical, although the process has degen-
erated into a rough and tumble performance,
which establiahes the superiority of the sopho-
mores over the newcomers, too often at the
cost of bodily injury to the victims. No
woman's college was ever guilty of bazng
that had such a sequel, The deplorable acci-

dents which occur almost every fall at one or |

another of the prominent colleges for

men, |

were never duplicated at Vassar, Smith, Welles- |

ley, Bryn Mawr, or any other college where
wirla are gathered together. But the con-
clusion by no means follows that hazing is
unknown in them. It grows and flourishes,
indeed, but in such a modified form that no
man would recognize it. Yet the result is the
same a amoothing of angles, a lessening of
eccentricities, which is likely to make the A. RB.

! much more normal and tolerable to the world

‘and became known among the students f

, but

in general than the freshman.

Hazing in a woman's college is seldom an
organized attack of one class on another. It
is more subtle and personal and feminine in
its working. The girl freshman, in direct con-
trast to her brother ia welcomed with open arms.
Throughout the woman's college world the
altitude toward her is one of hearty good will.
According to the college her class is entertained
at frolics, receptions, dances or some other
form of entertainment by the upper classes
which signifies: “We are glad 1o see rou, little
sist-rs.” In after months the freshmen may
often feel that the initial message is forgotten.
But the painless method wears away no cor-
ners and it is not good for a freshman to find
her way too smooth, Consequently when the
opening round of festivities is over and the
freshman has begun to be at home, the upper
class giris who live nearest her, or who sit next
to her at table, begin to size her up. Then
some night when they are eating crackers and
Jam before bedtime her case comes up.

“She's sweet and refined,” one says.

“And well bred,” adds another, “but as shy
asa child just out of a nursery

“I know. she even blushes when the maid
asks her if she wants tea,” observes the first
one. “She must be broken of the balut.’

Perhaps the freshman considers the treat-
ment which follows rather drastic. The upper
class girl oalls the attention of the table to her
blushes and confusion. She makes her eelf-
conscious and uncomfortable at first. But in
the end. at the expense of some tears and bitter
moments, the freshman learns to control her
blushes, hold up her head and elve her tor-
mentor as good as she receives,

Another time freshness and conceit will be
the eardinal fault of a freshinan, otherwise
attractive, The remedies effective for this are
many in nomber, and before the freshman
bas been cured, with Job she may sigh tat
she ever was born to come to collewe trusting
in her own eanacities, For conceit is one of the
things that the average college girl cannot en-
dure, and a reputation for it is the hardest
thing a freshman ean live down. One girl
went to college with the belief that she knew
almost as miueh about English literature as the
students and professors put together. When
she was asked half in admiration, belf in mock-
ery, “Is there anything vou don't know about

English literature,” replied with ntmost serious-
ness: "Why, there are a few facts about (haucer's
period that ] am not just sure or.”

She was not allowed to forget the rem ark
With all sorts of delicate thrusts that she cond
not ant she was made to remember it, untul
finally a realization of her failing came to her,
and she set to work with admirable plick to
root it-out. She was a long time overcoming
the prejudice against ber. Her clasamate~,
making out an invitation list, would |.ass her
by, with the remark: “Oh, not her, she's
eonceited vou know.” The saci ties skipped
her for the same reason, but her native worth
asserted itself at last, and in her senior year
she reaped the benefit of her long self-discipline

too

     

 

what she was But even in her graduate da
an echo of her former boaste coming to her
oceasionally kept her modest and humble

This intellectual having, whieh corrects the
faults of a girl's behavior or temperament,
is the only kind that finds much favor in a
woman's college, Where clase feeting is very
strong, the freshmen ere made to play hand-
Infids to the sophomores, to a limited extent,
But if too much is required, the freshmen turn
rebellious, and as girl sophomores have none
of the resources of men <ophomores, the eon-
test of wills is quite likely to result in vietary
for the freshmen. Therefore the wise sopho-
more tries to win freshman service by low

At Vassar, each vear, there is a modified,
feminine version of the struggle for mastery
between class and class, which is so) marked
a feature of colleges for men. It is the enustom
of the Vassar sophomores every fall to select
a class tree, the dedication of which must be
accomplished at night in the presence of the
whole class. The object of the freshman is
to discover the tree and the time appointed
for the mystic rites, It is the dream of their
freshman life to greet the sophomores creep -
ing stealthily up to their tree, with the derisive
howls which would proclaim a freshmen victory
Sometimes the freshmen accomplish their
desire, and make the sophomores’ lives miser-
able for them thereafter. But usually the tree
secret is admirably kept. Only the sophomore
leader knows the tree and the night, and she
keeps her own counsel until the last moment
The celebration must take place on a Friday or
Saturday, and as the banquet must be ar-
ranged beforehand, keen freshmen some-
Tipes get wind of the plans,

Rut the sophomores keen enreful wateh.
Thev draw the freshmen off on false scents
and usually sueceed in foiling them, although
the freshmen have been known to get the better
of them by making off with the provision.
while they were circling round theirtree. The
class of 1991, which now supports the senior
dignity of Vassar, adopted a novel expedient
in its freshman year which in the judement of
fair-minded people left the game that vear a

s

tie. For several successive Friday and Satur.
day nights the freshmen dragged them-
selves about the dark campus, patrolling

it as faithfully as policemen on their posts.
They had wet feet and colds in consequence
nothing more desirable. They held a
couneil of war and decided that they would
be nothing if not original. Accordingly, the
next Friday night, instead of rushing out on
the campus, they put on wrappers, pulled out
their easy chairs, and made themselves as com-
fortable as possible.

The sophomores, with the utmost secrecy,
stole out one by one, and when the whole class
had assembled around the tree, performed
the ceremonies without interruption and ad-
journed to Philalethfan Hall for refreshments
A humorous programme had been provided,
in the course of which oecurred many witty
jokes aimed at the absent freshmen. The
revellers trooped home, in high feather at hav-
ing tricked the freshmen so well) But when
they reached their own rooms ther were not
quite so sure of victory, for tacked on every
sophomore's door was a card bearing the in-
seription: “Out of sight but not out ef mind.”
Tn one corner a perky little green tree appeared,
in the other, “Compliments of 1901."

Customs of this kind are rare among women's

colleges, At Smith, to Se sure, the annual
basketball game in the spring puts sopho-
more against freshman, Class feeling  fust

before and during the mame is very strone
The sophomores have their reputation to sus-
tain, the freshmen theirs to make, and the
contest is an intense one. But at any other
time the feeling between the classes is one of
great friendiiness. When the sophomores
give the freshmen a reception in the fall, they
invite their freshmen guests, make out their
programmes, eall for them, and pilot) them
through a delightful evening. The only hint
of hazing comes at the end, when each fresh-
man gets a Gainty pampjist in which she finds
recorded all the dreadful mistakes that her
class has made collectively or individually
since its entrance. But the blunders are uan-
ally so funny in the light of after experience
that the freshman cannot keep from lauechina

At Radcliffe the freshman is so well cared for
that she finds herself at once assigned to a senior
adviser, who, far from tormenting her, will
answer all her questions patiently, talk over
her work with her and show her how to avoid
some of the pitfalls of college life Yet even
at Radcliffe the wholesome personal hazing
that makes a girl aware of her foibles without
hurting her too much is doing its work

Of course, the pruning of a girl's faults is
not always done consciously College girls ax
a rule are very busy and could scarcely under-
take single-handed the reformation of an egotist,
a_pride or a ig if they thought of it Much
of the time they do not realize at all that they
are assisting inthe process But just the arso-
ciation of one girl with another accomplishes
wonders, and the impossible freshman avenge
intoa jor College girls do not take
them ¥ 80 seriously as the world

 

supposes, but occasionally one egceptingafly
wiee will put her finger on the wenknews of her
companion and help her out of it The eur
pete thime fetheata@irbutterly intolerant of
eriticiem of heme willa t the frank fault.
finding of a college friend @ith the utmost
meekness and profit hw it, tee

Why. | consider the drubbing | bad in col-
lege one of the beet experiences of the four
vears,” an alumna remarked to a eenior whom
ashe wae visiting "Th oy trueht me more lowe
than | ever learned in a text hook wasa
flutter budget anda fivawnay, andiny roommate
and the other @irle tensed noe co unmereitully
that Thad to learn a show of calmness at least
We were rather suey to the sophomores, too,
my roommate and TT think we econ tried to
patronize them |

The alumna amiled reterinimeentis
you never were saucy to sophomores when you
wereafreshman They paidus rit How?
Well, you would consider it ehildixh now and
only fit for boarding-school mixses But, then,
1 had never been to bearding school, and the
excitement of that feud kept me from being
homesick all the fall term  Heetilties began
juet three nights after we arrived My roorm-
mate and Thad been out to a spread, and like
dutiful children we started toward our reom
at twenty minutes of 10. but one of the most
olluring sophomores on our floor canght us and
drew us into ber room and offered to make
chocolate for us We weren't hungry, but she
was 80 gracious and charming that it struck 10
heforewelefther Wehad been duly imp
with the direful consequences that would follow
if we burned our light after 10, and we feared
to break a rule from the bottom of our freehman
soule You know that oppreasively conscien-
tious feeling sou have at first Just as we seur-
ried along the hall we heard the swish of femi-
nine garments coming up the stairs We had
barely time to get inside the door and close it
before the knock sounded which meant ‘gasout '
Out it went, turned briskly by my reoiimate’s
hand We groped our way about as best we
could and finally were ready to scramble into
bed = Tgotinfirstandeut again. too, inahurry
The whole botton: was lined with burrs, hestnnt
shells, paanut shells and cracker crumbs But
I didn’t find that out till morning We didn't
daretolightalightthen Of course, I sauealed.
and the giggles of those listening in the hall
roused me to such a pitch of wrath that L made
one bound for the door and landed full tilt
against the rocking chair saw stares and
meteors for a minute, and by the time I had
opened the door the hall was empty. But we
knew the guilty ones

“This is really too trivial _to tell you, though.”
the alumna broke off “You don't do such
things now "

The senior stopped polishing her tan shoe an
instant “Never mind what we do,” she an-
ewered, with a chuckle “Do tell me what you
did to those sophon ores ”

“T think we almost ont-Heroded Herod,”
the alumna said tmusingly. “We thought
there were three in the plot, and we punished
them. singly. first One of them was very
cleanly, and bitterly opposed to borrowing
or running up bills. She wouldn't even take
A postage stamp unless she would put her two
cents down. We chose the moment when she
hadn't a cent in the world, and didn't: expect
her allowance for a week, to put myrrh in her
tooth brush. She always brush her teeth
after the light was out, and we had timed it

 

  

 

  

 

“TL hope |

GARKV'S MOTHER AT THF RATT.

Although She Rinjored Ht, She Wants an fe. |

planation When Garry Gets Home,

‘Me head Uday, Mra Casey
la bell Aprah, sure. Ob witht
} aft an’ lave tt home frall th good tat me
But, whisper, Phad a arand tolme Iasht nowt
Ah, shute, ‘twas foine Th’ biwet an’ murtuls
dancin’, an’ th’ band playin’ an’ me Garry
big as anny wan there Piet th ball Ob wor
me Garry's ball) Shrine ve ahud hey been there
Me Garry hed a full drias aehoot, ho, bot Ther
(ft may niver do a harrud day's wortuk, tut
he luked feine. Wid th
down, shure ve shiid hey *een me Garns

‘Phin OF wot tooth’ ball, Mrs ¢
th’ band wu plavin’ an’ ivevwan on th’ flure
wuz dancin’ hop, «kip an’ joomp Ob cuddn't
see me Garry ‘tall Thin phat did Ol do bur
cloimb th’ stairs t th’ t' th’, phat th’ divil
do ve call it, OF dunno? Butannyhow, phin
Ob wits upstairs Ol luked fr me Garry, but
divil th’ bit iv him eud Ol see A lady, she
were a foine lady, drissed in black satin if ye
| plaze, wuz shtandin’ close besoide me, an’
Oi axed her: ‘Did ye see me Garry?’ Shure
th' poor cratchure niver heerd me. She wuz
doomb entoirely, Ob luked an’ luked, an’
thin Ol wint downstairs an’ there wuz me Garry
wida big thing on his coat, adic'ration. Arrah,
| he luked foine! Oi'm tillin’ ye he luked foine

“Garry's a lolvely bhye, Mrs. Casey. Le

hopped an’ he shkipped aeras th’ flure talkin’

U this wan an‘ thot an’ shtandin’ thim in the

middle iy th’ flure loike t' play ring a ring a

rosey. Oi wuz shtandin’ beseide Mrs Ann

Casey, y'r hoosban's brother's woife, an’ Mary

Ellen Fogarty an’ troth they be jilis iv me

Shure they cuddn't Kape their eves aff me Garry

Jist then Garry stud fefninst me. Oop Oi

jumps an’ grabs him be th’ coattails

*'Oi'm here Garry, ivry bit iv me,’ siz Oi, ‘but

ye luk foine’ Thin all U wanse ivry wan on

th’ flure comminsed t' shtamp thelr fut an’
clap their ban’s An’, ol! phat @ n ise they do
be makin’. ‘Coome over bere, Garry,’ siz Oi,

‘an’ sid down besoide me Here is Mary Ellen

Foyarty an' Mrs. Ann Casey, an’ lit thim take

a good luk atye’ An’ all th’ toime Mrs Casey,
b'lave me, th’ bhyes an geurruls wuz shtampin’

la ringin® leihe

Oh oud take it

 

conttaile abana

asey, mem,

 

 

their fut) ‘Oi hev no tole,’ siz Garry ‘Don't
ame they becallin' me Th’ bhyes an’ gurruls
0” wantin’ me’ Shure, Mrs Casey, mean
whisper, they be jilis iv me ‘Troth they didn't
koaw Ov wuz his mother They tuk me for
his gurrnl, OF dunno, an’ Gi lukkeu tin years
younger then Girally am "Tis th’ treet’,

 

tilin’' ye Garry meks 4 break Uo eit away, «4
Oi wrabs him be th’ coattails ‘Lit wo, mother,’
he sta, ‘lit @o:' but divil th’ bit fv me wud Lit go
‘Mother,’ 917 Garry, lit go Ivry wan is caluin’

 

just right. [wish you eould have heard the | ine’ ‘Will ye coome back" Oi siz, ‘if OF lit ve
sphittering, We were almost paid for our | go’ ‘Arrah, mother,’sizhe,‘Oiwill! Besahers,
suffering! Wormwood, vou know, is sweet | Mrs Casey, Oi nivir saw nothin’ loike it Jillis
con pored with myrrh, and onee in it stays | iv th’ bhye's mother!

forever T don't know what she did that week “Will, OF whalks back U Mary Ellen Fogarty,
One of the others we tried to get even with | an’ yer hoosban's brother's woife, an’ phin O1
by working in red pepper under the skin of | aat down Oi saw me Garry thalkin’ Uo this eorrul
some Apples she had in her room. But that | an’ thot, an’ in a min- he hed thins all quite

didn't work very well
went in to eall, had the dose instead
one beted toads desperately, but after our
persecution It aaerned most fitting that we
should do up a dear little tree toad ina faseinat-
ing box and letve it in ber bureau. When she
opened it, and he bopped, her shriek brought
the ott two conspirators to the spot, and
they spent an hour trving to find it, while my
roonimate and [ belind our locked door tried to
study Greek verbs, between our paroxysims
of stifled rairt!

“But onr coup detat! Oh, that was glorious "

our pet senior, who
The third

 
  

 
 
 

The alumua's eves shone with misohief.
“Nothing ina play ever worked out better tian
that. We heard that the inimitable three
were going to have a midnicht spread, an
my roonmate and LT decic that we would

Widhe it mienorabse The rules were strieter
then, vou koow,” the graduate explained,
opolowetically, “and the tempiation to break

then: wae ereater, When they were relaxed,
and we could sit up every time ve pleased,
why, midricht spreads lost all the vest they

head, which never had heen rmiuch for me

aiways woke up to @ beadache the morning
after, But as Wis Saving, Our enemies
planned the spread of the season, for them-
selves and three others. One of them had a
box from home with a whole chicken tu it,
cake cnough to feed a regiment, candy, nuts,
oranges, Gonghnuts and dazens of ofier ine
divestiblos Thev were to tive fudee too

Vhey started in abeut it o'clock, My
wimate and thistened to them as they cane
along the hall and went ite the room just
opposite, Then we began to hear subdued
voices and laughter and pretty soon the smeil
of fudge assured us tint the spread was well
under wes Then our vengeance fell, Mr
Hlenk, whe had the house in charge, walked
up to their door and knocked. The light in-

 

 

 

 
 
 

side went out quieker than vou could wink,
but Mrs. Blenk comtuanded them to open the
door and they didn't demide net to. Such a
subdued let of girls rou never saw. Mrs
Blank didnt er ‘new were Jurking in
remote corners, but sie called them by naines,
each of the six.”

“Oh,” interrupted the senior in a horrified

  

Tone ‘You didn surely vou couldn't, do a
thing Hike that, teu on therm -no matter how
mean they had been?’

Wait ill To firish,” said the alumna. “Mrs
Kiank gave then, such a talking to that it
would liave melted rocks, not stern and severe
but burt and eneved. She told how she had
loved and trusted them and how she had ex-
pected them to be an example to the fresh.
men, and she told them her disappointment
was too hit for words, and she supposed she'd
have to send them to the President. The girts
were really very food of ber, and when she sud
she couldn't te } rou could feel them
cringe in the dark. ‘They were dreadfully sorry,
and they told her they would do anything to
inake + mends ‘Very well, she said, ‘begin
by wiving mine the box of goodies, Sadie’ Her
candle she tind sat down at the far end of the
hall and they couldn't see her face very dis-
unctly, but they felt there were tears in her
eye Sadie gathered up the things withont
a word and tugged the wooden box over to
her, ‘Is everything bere?’ she asked. Sadie
hesitated and then drew out the last cake fram
under the bed snd carried it over and put it
in the top of the box. ‘“Shan't I carry it for
your’ Sadie asked humbly. ‘Ll can manage
Hy stid Mrs. Blauk. Then I picked it up, and
with one wild whoop | dashed across the hall
with it, into my own room and shut the doort

“Yes, seid the alumne complacentiv, ans.
weriig the look of wonder and surprise in the
seniors tice, “f was Mra Blank Mv, how 1
had practied my part But those sopho-
mores! Lf they weren't furious! To be tricked
that way by @ Tresilian and to lose their spread,
too! Oh, it was too good to be true I caught
a piece of my dress in the door, thourh, and
couldn't lock it) They pushed it open and they
literally fell upon me Finaady Sadie burst
out laughing
mor ‘It’s no use, girls,’ she s;
clever for us! It's better to have them with
us than against ws Let's take them into the
sisterhood’ So my roommate and | had some
of the spread after oll, and we buried the
hatehet forever. Oh, but it was a rare night's
work. [never expect to have so mue). fun again
Vhe fudee was rowed, though Sadie stood
in it all the thine Mra Blank waa talking We
were friends ell the rest of our course, but [
don't think Sadie ever quite foreave me that

 

 

 

 

    

  

  
 

 

She alwavs bad a sense of hn-

 

   
 

they're too

   

“It was Sedie who condueted the class in
imor,” continued the alumna reflectively
vy roommate was the pupil She never could

   

ree the pout of a joke Se Sadie took her in
training — First she told her story and care-
fully exolained the point) Then she told a
new one, and my roommate, watching us,
lauewhed in the right place Next time Sadie
commanded us pot to smile on penalty of death,
and my poor little roommate taughed a hol-
tow, cheecless laneh before Sadie reached the
climax at all ou wouldn't beliewe ut, but
Sadie was so indefatigable that she trained that
wirl to sense a joke as well as the rest of us
She was ansious to learn, vou know, or she
never could have done it) She wasregulariv
tutored inthe principles of humor till she could
tell a
roar

 

 

 

That waso pretty good test) My raome-

mate will be erateful for the teaching all her |

life The old days were wood,” said the alumna
looking round the room and out on the famil-
jarcampus “It all looks the same, but T don't
believe vou can have quite as good times os
we did Come, put on your hat and we'll toast
the dear old college in an old-fashioned glasy
of icc cream soda I sha'n't feel so ancient and
erandmotherly then "

 

Accounting for Taste.

From the Washington Poet

The man Grace Estelle is soon to marry is un-
questiouably one of the ugiiest inen in town
That. however, is not a matter of any impor-
tance whatever, for he is good and kind and
wealthy, and as he isn't a woman, nobody
holds his lack of personal pulchritude against
him. Grace Estelle loves him just as dearly
as if he were Antivous or Apollo, or a matings
hero, but as she sare herself there is no eall
for neople to say such hateful things as Isabel
said when «he heard of the engagement, and
she will never speak to Isabel again as long as
she lives. They met at loneheon, and Grace
stelle tidied her back hair with her left hand,
till Isabel saw the new ring elittering on it,
and made inquiries. Grace Estelle blushed

“Yer,” she said, “lay going to be married ”

“Who to?” asked Isabel nobody outside of
Boston or a book ever said “to whom?”

To Mr. Flimore,” answewed Grace Estelle,
proudly

“Mr Fllmore'” echoed Isabe!
Why fs it an election bet?’

A MATTER OF INTEREST TO REAL
ESTATE DEALER*,

All ne ry Real Estate New. is printed in
complete de'ail cach day in Tur Sux. You need
this in your business, Noother paper gives
ough attention to this detail. —

  

  

 

 

“Mr. Elimore'

 

 

story that would make the whole table |

 

"Tis th’ blarney stone thot Gariy Kised He
must hev tould thim OF wuz his mother, marbe,
OF dunno Thin Garry shkipps to th’ middle
iv th’ flure an’ putts a littie bit iv a Ching t' hte

 
  

moutan’ blows loike a stame whist) rh' viy
nist min-ute, Mrs Casey, th’ band played = Me
Garry ouned th’ band’ Sure’s ve're aloive,
Mrs Casey, me Garry ouned th’ bana

‘Phy aidn't ve till mie Garry ouned ti’ band’

 

|) OF axes Mary Filen Fowarty, an’ th’ young
eratchure tupned fr'm ome She wuz fils,
Shure,’ siz O1, “twuz too bad roe houldin’ Garry
ano ivry wan wantin’ ( dance, but phat did Oi

know about Garry ounin’ th’ band’ Oi watehed
Garry ivry toiune, Mrs Casey, an’ phin be putt
a litte bitiva thing U his tout’ th’ band plaved
‘Arrah,’ siz O1U' ver hoosban's brother's woife,
jan’ thet's phere Garry putt his mooney Store
| he'd coome home wid his wake'’s wages an’ say
*Motper, Oi iost foor days this wake. Oi lost wan
day this wake, Oj lost two days this wake,” ai’
troth he wuz all th’ tolme losin’ some keoind iv
day Shure, he baught th’ band on th’ «ty, bur
Olisiy bum’ ‘Oi wud’ siz Mary bilen Fogarty
‘Make no mistake, Oui sly him,’ Gisiz. An‘ thin
= hoosban's brother's woife an’ Vary Eien
aughed loike t' split their soides  “Troth.' siz
Oi. mesel’, ‘divil, th’ worrnd will O; soy at tL"
ball Shure, Oi'll wait ‘ull Oi git home‘
“Arrah, Mrs Casey, Oi hid th’ divil's oun
toime — Ivry wen wanted t' trate (Whisper, (4
tuk a lite wee drap iv th’ ould stuff, not much,
jist a wee drap, ‘noough t' put im a@ thin!
Arrah, sure, ‘tis all Oi hed) But OF know piy
they be wantin’ t trate meso foine Sture. they
wanted |’ be in wid Garry = Ye_ know, Garry
ouned th’ band Honw is it? Davil th’ tet iv
Garry showed up Troth he must he cilebratin’
vit, Om a-thinkin’ — But bad cess t' th’ led,
Ov foind out phere his mooney wint, an’ phy
Le baught th’ band on th’ «lw LXCLSe Ine now,
Mrs Casey Oi must be goin’ Tahe oo run
cop tT oth' house some noight  Arrah. lave it
tome, OU foind out phy be baneht th’ bend
Good bye ”

 

   

 

 

BETTER THAN A PLEDGE.

How Dr. John Westey Frown Heiped a Mon to

 

Give Up the Liquor Habit.
From the Cleveland Plain De cler
4 Cleveland man tells this yp . and
characteristic story of the late Rey Dr. John
Wesley Brown, the incident eecurring while
he was rector of Trinity Chureh in this city

The story was told the narrator by the doct
himself

One evening a atranger « tat the rece
tory on Superior street adjoining the church
He was a well dressed, well appearing man,
but evidently in deep trouble

“Dr. Brown,” he seid, “I have come to you
for advice and assistance | an a of
the drink habit. Lhave an excellent position
lam cashier for a wealthy corpor andl
know 1 cannot retain ii ]
want ou to draw up forme omate

it as Strong as you can, { and } will sign
it, and you will witness it.’

Dr. Brown leaned back and looked
man

‘How lone have you been drinking to ex-
cess?” he asked

alle

 

Vietir

 

unless )

 

 

pledec

 

at the

  

 

The manteold him it was five or six vears:
ever since he obtained tne | ent position
1 dle onlw drank to excess when he wea with his
friends, Heneverdrank al othertines When

he was with his friends he would for@et him-
self and overstep the limit Sometimes he
didn't go on a spree for a whole month, bur

the attacks were vrowing tore frequent. He
seemed to be losing bis will power
“Mv friend,” ssid the doctor, “vou doen't

need a piedge. ] see in vou a vietinn of good

coma lesuip fou are far from being an or-
dinary drunkard. If vou signed a temperance
pledge and broke i! as you undoubted},

would do it would still further degrade vou
inyourowneves ldo not advise the pledge.’

The man looked dumfounded

“Kot what am | to do?” he gasped

The doctor drow a i fron: his desk and
rapidly wrote a few os

  
   
 

   
 

“There,” he said, “read that”
This is what the man read
“To my friends: T find Tan) becoming a vi
! tim of the liquor habit fl donot quit Tain
sure to lose my pesition and ruin myself
For God's sake, don't ask ine to drink with wou
| “There,” said Dr. Brown, * i that avd l
will sign it as a witness Al Ta of vou is to

fation is at vour e!
ere and tell me about

 

show the card when term
bow, and it rou fall come t
it there! Good night °

It was a full month before the man returned,
worried and dejected

“lL expected you long before this,” said the |
doctor, as he greeted the stranger “Tell me
aboutit. Did you show the card?

“Yes,” replied the man “The first: tine

was the very next nieht after Lealled on vou
A good friend, a railrond man, came into the
office and after | had cheeked up his weoou ts
said: ‘Come, Charlie, let's gooverto the on

ter House and have a drink’ Well, sir, | was
reaching for my hat when 1 remembered the

eard. 1 took it out and handed it to him. 1
thought he would never finish reading it. He
looked at me and he looked at the eard = And

then he slowly put his arm) down on the counter
and said: ‘Charlie, [I'd sooner cut that band
off than ask you to drink again.” Well, sir,

showed that card several times after that,
and every blessed man TP showed it to took it

    
 

seriousiv, Sometimes they said, “AN rught,
old boy.’ Sometimes they laid it dow: ih
out a word. And then it was lust night I
forgot about it, and here Lam

“You are doing well,” said the doctor “Have

courage and try and make the interval a litte
longer next time’

Tt was three months before the man
back. The next time it was six months

“And now,” said the dector to the narrator,
“it is nearly two years since his last call, and

have every reason to believe that he will ne
| find it necessary to come to me agalt
} you see, Twas quite right. It wasn'ta pledge
that he needed °

Working the Head of the Family.
From the Omaha World-Herald

It's a wise bov who Knows how to
father, and in this precious age noost
wise, Louis’ father works in Omoha, bet
Louis himself lives with his erandn © in wester),

Nebraska ike most boys do, Louis writes
to his fond tather onty when he

came

 

 

 

 

work his

boys ar

 

   

 

Or something new in wearing apparel Taint
week he wrote, enumerate a number ot ¢
ticles he needed. Among other things
wrote

“Please send me seme stockings You
better send bievele clockings because they

a longer than the ot her kind. ire yee going
4 send me a bicycle on my birt y Ww wear
with my bicycle stockings!”

 

Wants Mone |

“THE FULL VALUE OF NUTS,

| wreerrs or Wormers ny THR DB
| PARTMENT OF AGHICETTURE,
|

| The Varietios Seen in The

Vow Comments

 

 

is |

Canntey Composttion of the Various
Kinde Are Nate tndigestitiey The Wis
named Peanat and tte Wane te
| hy the Washington Fees toe
The fortheomtrar voted ' ' Diet arte
net f \wrieultiice, whieh ts now te peinte
edoat the Government Peloting Office. wlll oon
ltaln the resutts of a number of experiments
made during the past verr under the direeton
of Mr A. 4 True, director of experimental
atattone The veurebook will, in part, aay that

 

ited by the ourmerou® nut foods on the
market and the discussions in papers and
macarines of diet in which nuta
play a prominent part, there ica quite general
The claims made for
extravagant and

| ne indie

sveatems of
interest subtect
some Tut foods often seem
tinreasonable Apparently thew lack any
basia oof experimental evidence, nor te
it probable that the best-known phygelogtete
would advise the wholesale use of nute tn a ate
to the exclusion of more usual and generally
noeented foods

The composition and food value of a nume
ber of nuts have been studied by the California
and Miine statlons Special <tudies on chest-
nuts have also been reported by the Pennsvl-
and Messtelusetts stations, The fol

statements concerning the general
charactejisties of the commonly eaten
in this country ere chiefty taken from the re
port of the studies at the Maine atatign:

‘The almond is a favorite dessert nut tn @his
country By far the birger part of the almonds
consumed is supplied by France, Italy and
Spain California, has grown the
almond successfully, and the output of this
crop annually inereasing The alinond is
used in confectionery, creams, Cakes, Ae

The Brazil nut, as its name indicates, ia a
lL. whence it is exported in large
It has not been successfully grown
it is chiefly used as @

in the

vanin
lowlnuar
muts

however,

quantities
in the United States
dessert nut

The filberts found in our markets are chiefly

of two species The
ave sinaller than the European

varieties and crosses

netive hazels

nuts, bit tave an agreeable flavor The fil-
bert is chiefly used as a dessert nut, but the
ground nut is sometimes veed tor confection -
| er ind in other ways In seme Furopean

Countries Where it erows abundanuy, a sort of
bread is made from the ground nut

The hickory nut, under which general name
nuts of several species of

are ineluded the

netive trees, of which the shawbar (Hiecona
eratay is the most important, is one of our
best-known nots The quality of the hekers

nut is exceedingly variable, both in flaver and
in the readiness with which the shell inay be
removed ‘The better varieties are highly es-

  

 

teemed, and by mousy are considered to come-
ware favorably in delicaey of flavor with the
hragliel walnut Large quantities of the nuts
are eaten, and they are sometimes used in
making cakes and confectionery. There is
some confusion regarding the name cf this
nut In some regions of New England it is

known as the walnut, while the nut more gene
erally hewn in the United States as the wal-
nut, whieh crows only sparingly in New Enge
land, is designated the black walnut

‘The pecan (Hicoria pecont is also a native
of America, but is less videly distributed than

 

the hickory, to which itis closely related) The
flavor of the pecan makes it a desirable nut,
but if doubtless owes much of its popularity

to ita thin shell and the euse with which the
”

 

 

kernel! iyo be removed tt is lareelv used
as a dessert nut Quantities are also used
by the confectioners for making salted pecens,
bonbons of various sorts, &

The Pnwlish or more properly Tersian wale
nut (J/uglana remot has heen snuecessfuliv
cultivated in several regions of the United
States Tt is «f Asiatic origin, but owing to
it. general excellence it early won its way to

about the
It is @ favo

confece

popular favor, reaching Fneland
middie of the sixteenth century
rite dessert not, and is also used by
tioners in many Ways
What is most generally known as the walnut
in the United States (the fruit of /uglons nigra
and closely allied species) is alarwe mut, rieh
in oll, and has a strongly marked flavor This
nui is somewhat used by confectioners
The butternut, oi) nut or white walnut G/ug-
lane cinerea) is extremely oily and has # ten-
deney to become rancid The fresh nut hes
an exeellent) flavor It is Jess commonly
marketed than some other native nuts
The beech nutisthe fruit of aforest tree con -
mon in the eastern half of the Tnited States
The nuts are sweet and of very agreentile flavor
Owing to their small size and the consequent
difienlty of gathering them
amount reaches the tarket
The pistachio, although a patve of Syria,
has long been eultivated in southern Furope,
whence most of the nuts eaten in this country
dd
the

  

 

only a limited

It has been grown to na limited

The

are obtal
in

 

  

extent United States kernel is

  
  

greenish in color and has a mild, pleasant and
charactenstic flavor, snacvestive of almonds
It is chiefly used in ‘he manufacture of con-
fectionery. ices, Ae, being valued for its flavor

and the delicate green color which it imparts

Although the eoeoanut is a native of the
tropies, it has been snecessfirily crown in Florida,
Only the mature nuts commonly find their way
inte the market. though the fruit of the green
put is much rehehed where itis available Larce
quantities of the dried and erated nut are cone
sumed = Its uses for confectionery, cakes, &e.,
are numerous and well known

In toany regions of the West and Southwest
several varieties of pine nut are eaten

One of the fruits most commonly erten tin the
Trited States under the name cf nut is the pea-

 

nin Strictly spenk , this is not a nut, but
the fruit of a les nous plant closely related
to the pea or benny Propebly three-fourths

ef the peanuts eaten are roasted Part of the
cheaper erades are used by confectioners for
meking salted peanuts and various formes of
peanut candy, & 4 swoet and palatable oil
car be made from peanut

It is pointed out by

the

the Maine station that

  
  

   

 

    
 
  

m 40 to 65 per cent of the nuts most come
monly eaten daimonds. Rragil nuts, filberts,
hickory nuts, pecans and walnuts) is shel All
these nuts contain littl water The protein
is fairly Viet. but fat const tes the largest
pert of the edible portion The carhohedrates,
which usually occur in larce proportion in
veeetable feods, are present ino only small
arrie The chestnut is en exception, con.

| as it does, nearly 4° per cent carbo-

 

    

The percentage in cocoarits, #eorns
| and litchi nuts is alse fairly high = The ment of
j nuts, excepting those lest mentioned, containe

nearly fiftv times as moch fit and Jess than
one-fifth as much carbohydrate a= whent
flour, and bas shout coulle t foe) valve 4
ponpdef unshe led nats will furnish about hal

     

 

   

 

 

 

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

as mutch protein sod the same amount of enerayv
as a pound of four Owing to their hieh fuel
' and low protein content, nots would not
an wollebalaneed food when eaten by
thems lye.
This unsuitableness for a food br. theme
Selves also increased by the potential en-
| tored in the coneentrated form
is no reason, however, why nutea
! fill an increasingly large place in
rie Very few foods supply the needed
nutrients in the proper rroportion te forn
j n well-balanced ration oods rich tn fuel
const ents need ta be eombined with other
| foods of relvtively high protein content. The
low eroentawes of carbohvdrtes in nuts
} would seen to fit them as one of the ronrces
hot food f diabetic and other persons who
j find it needful to avoid foods containing much
stareh or suiunr
The chestnut differs materially from the ix
nuts mentioned above as most tmmoniv
water lt contains about the same amount
J ot protein, oniv one-fourth as much fat and
jsiX or seven times ns much: carbobwdrates,
Indeed, its high starch content explains why
} chestruts are so litt ‘pHten FAW
Peanuts have a fuel walve of only ninetye
j six calories for each 664 pound of protein,
and henes has relative excess of protein,
is is s nnllike other vegetable f a with
| the exeeption of the near relacives of the pene
nit, as peas and beans, that it is of great ime
portance
| In this country nuts will probably never,
| fo any great extent, replace the cereal foods,
jasis the case in some sections of the Od World,
| Not only would the or ral cost prevent, but

the labor involved in shelling and preparing

| mute for the table would prove a serious ob-

| stacle to their extended use

| Nhile not mewts are generally eaten withow

| anv previous preparations they may be use
ma varietyoof wave  Chonped nut meats are

relisted for sandwiches, and nut seluda

 

  

 

  

  

   

   

  
   

 

 

 

 

we Mneownmen lie tise ef note in cakes,
cont ery. creams, de hes already heen
all to Mane atterndt« have been made
j pare not foods and te extend their use in
} = Us Peanut botter, a tise illed,
int {toa consi erable extent this te
stidtoe peistofthe kernels ground, with or wittte
out the nddither roall propertion of water
The nite gar larly tle peat do chest
nut, affer ipterestir opportunities for the
housewife <billed in adding tothe lst of “@eed
thitue Attention bas been called to the fact
that nuts form aler rated food. They
should therefore with more bulky
foors. and exoeg with the peanut,
With these miele
Vhiere rel i reserding the die
eestil t. i their ind reste
idahty to be widespread, and perhaps
| buts see t at f is quite probable
that if the nuts were jreperly prepared and
eate oat proper times nooch of this prejudice
would cCisappear Our present practice of
munchi « them at odd bouts, or as a dessert,
When sam t fen as teen taben to meet
b the reouirements of the bode, overtaxes the

 

dicestive orvans and places the nut under a re-

pronch that's, ot leastin pert, und served

an ae ns iGeuprend ae that selt alda ’
e digestibility of nuts, e@aperien ,

to bear ous tus epinion. . "

“4
y

at ee

aes

—

a