}
|

}
|
r
j |
, |
J '
|
1
|
}
|
{
|
i

‘

q
lt
i

iB

Hee
a,

a
|

4
i.
' }
yy

a)

 

YANKEES HELD THE WALL,

orn MARIVES
aIROF.

srrvick my
THE PRAIN

GALTANT
7

A Point Vital ta the Defence of the Legations
Kept by American Troops 4 at Creat
Onde New Wertia as They Neve oped Daily

Awalting the Relieving Force the Labor
Onestion Good Work of the Converts

 

 

Tactics of Attackers and Neateged.
Continued from Tire Btscof Nov 4
Pexiy, June a0 Every one ts talking of

the furious attack lawt night and the Ameri.
fean Minister, who was in many
fn the American Civil War, save be never ex-
perienced anything lke the of auch a
continuous onset as thie In ordinary battles
one aide either wine or loses, but in thie case
for us it is 4 perpetual battle with extinetion
in near prospect as Reon AF resistance ceases
An “experienced German officer” not lkely
to be deceived saw last night “seare hlights,
both (xed and cor jeal,” supposed to he those
of erelief party Inall these daya nota single
word from the Pei T'ang (Northern Cathedral),
but the sound of firing there is constant There,
fs ar unverified rumor that the Japanese have
received word from ‘Tfentain about their troops

Test night a bullet came through one of the
windows of the church, but without hitting
any one Karly in the morning there was an
attack upon the French legetion, and a hun-
dred coolies were sent for, the firing being for
@ long very brisk, and two marines
geverely wounded The French are said to
be somewhat disheartened by their heavy
Jorses, and no wonder = An American marine
was shor in the arm this morning, but was able
fo walk to the bospital

‘howard noon it was reported that the Ger-
man barricade on the wall could be no longer
held, and no wonder, for their loases were
terrific (The total force was but one ofcer
and fifty men, and on this fatal day four of
them were shot dead while on the city wal)
while another died in the hospital ten days
Jater, making twenty-six who have been killed
fn all the legations date Three
were shot, one in the face, one in the head and
one in the thigh, ultimately recovering ) It
is thought that there are three guns atfacking
the Germans, one near the Chien men, and
probably two north of the Su Wang Fu British
marines went over to help the Germans, but
were shelled out

During the forenoon a force of coolies brought
Bway from the Fu a larce quantity of sycee
giver, which one of the Christians re-
ported as probably hidden there, and was
found without serious diMeuity, and stored

terror

time

to

{n the legation for future disposition. It is
becoming more dificult to get workmen, as
there are many Chinese sick with) diarrhea |

@nd other complaints

The guns to the north have started up again
this morning and shells are whizzing every-
where, many of which are aimed so high that
three-fourths of them must have fallen in the
Bouthern city. [This singular phenomenon con-
tinued to some extent during all
that ehelle were thrown at us and must have
been peculiarly depressing to the numerous
Chinese on every side, who without the least
warning found themselves savagely attacked
by flying missiles, of which they have a apecial
dread. There can be Iitile doubt that the num-
ber accidentally killed in this way was very
large.

The covering of the bomb-proof at the front
gate of the legation is being strengthened,
earth betng brought in bags made of damask
linen, and when they are emptied they are
returned to be refilled. ‘The Jinrikishas con-
tinue most useful in the transportation of these
materials for defence, and the small boy is
largely in evidence as the motor power, Stuff
for sandbags comes in from the elegant satin
hangings of the Su Wang Fu and some of the
civilian Italian volunteers on duty there often
return to the British legation loaded with plles
of spoil, such as fancy clocks with models of
®'eam engines incorporated in them and elegant
garmentsinqua tities,

DISCUSSING THE PENALTIES

In conversation with friends who have lived
in China fifty years and thirty-seven years
respectively it is agreed that if we ever get out
of this situation -or, rather, whether we do or
not there roust be heavy penalties exacted
What should they be? It ia the opinion of ts

all that the burning of the Forbidden city
would be both inadequate and useless. The
real punishment should be on Chinese lines
and such aa will be felt by the whole Chinese |
people cutting off the heads of the really
guilty. Who are thev’ (a) The Empress

Dowager, (2) Prince Tuan, (3+ Prince Chuang, |

(ur

fung Fu-hsiang, 4) Heo Tang, Chao
iechtiao, (T+ Kang 1, 8) Ch'i Hsiu, ) Chung

a
hi

14,10) Yn Hsien, Gi)ung Ga, 2) Tan Ch'ung- |

lin All the members of the Tsung-li-Yamen
who approved of the kinpress’s course should
he imprisoned inthe Heing Pu (Board of Punish-
ments) for not Jess than a year, guarded by

foreign troops or, as others suggest, hang them |

But every one is awarethat whenthetime
rsuch wholesale justice is likely

a
really comes t
to be meted

A Chinese froin the Pu says that in a water
jar near where the tire took place yesterday
a large quantity of pe has been found
which was brought over to the Brith lega-
tion and at once put te use An old woman,
one of the refugees from, the Southern Cathe.
dral, was seen to-day coming out of the «uter
gate of the Fu, quietly toddiing up toward the
barricade at the upper canel bridge She
was hailed to know where she was ecing, and
replied serenely that she was “wolng to buy
things.” oblivious of the existing condition
of affairs She had become dazed by ber
troubles, and had apparentiy lost ber bear-
ings A Chinese came to the gatehouse and
asked for chanwve for # dollar, as he wished to
pay a ooolie ten cents He received 00 cents,
all the chanwe that could be collected, and
went off quite satisfied, as otherwise ha might
have had to give away the entire dollar
of the oldest residents of Pekin remarked toe

wader

day that in all his life in China he had never |

yet found a cash on the street, but now they
were lying about and of no use

4 shell struck a tree to-day between Sir |

Claude's house and the rear the pavilion,
and cut off a limb four inches in diameter,
the fragments of the shell falling on the roof
and breaking up several tiles ft is ineom-
prehensible that when the Chinese have the
range like this they do not make more and
better use of it We have been in the lagation
ten days, but only to-day has the first work
been done on making a safe crossing of the
cana) to the Su Wang Fu, a route perpetually
fo use by both foreign and Chinese soldiers
and civilians which ought from the first to
have heen as safe ae London Bridge, and is
Stl] exposed to fire in several directions

WAR MADE THEM BROTHERS

Sunday. July 1.- An American marine named
Tocher who was killed yesterday on the wall
by a bullet through the head was buried last
night in the Russian legation A’ Russian
marine insisted upon digging the grave him-
ealf, picking out the pleces of bricks, and
amoothing the earth for a pillow, saying: “He
was my brother—I served with him on the
wall.” Tucher was an excellent shot, and had
done a great deal of exeeution among the Chi-
nese soldiers, but was himeelf killed by a bullet
threugh a loophole

Within the past few days a bakery has heen
aided to the other industries of the British
legation, superintended by the omnipresent
General Committee This involves a great
dei of work and planning, and after the best
is done there may be failure, as yesterday
when the veast failed, and the result was 4
bateh of particularly hard bread. The rainy
season is approaching, and there was a fall
last night. and to-day the clouds are thick
and the weather cool) An order to shoot all
dogs which are not tied up makes much com-
motion, and is very spasmodically executed

ta, In the course of the morning word came
giviat both the Germans and the Americans are | and the Registrar, whore work to a large ey.
call {QS UP their posts on the wall. There is a

‘ft 400 sandbags in one place, and enough

.

severe battles |

others |

the time |

One |

   
  

others sleewhere to make 2,000 In all Every
nationality worked with extreme elaor in Alling
the bags, which were taken on carte, In jing
rikishas, and on the shoulders of men, to the
American lemation, to help in a barricade
actors the etreet, and for vee onthe wall '
lone time during the day the Americans left
| thelr position altomether for more than half an
| hour, but the Chinese did not discover if, or
fispectedatrick, and the post war soon Fence.
pled The Germans also loat the wall, retook
It and again loat it with one man killed, and it
was soon after ocoupled by the Chinese soldiers
It is reported thie morning that the French
leg@ation wae @ivenup, and a retrent
strongly fortified Hotel de Pekin effected, but
the legation was fetaken later The fearless
| manager of the hotel, Mr Chamot, hae a etaff
' of Citnese servants who bring over the meals
| of the guests of the hotel many hundred vatde
distant three times aday even throval a shower
of stray bullets, and when pieces of shell are
falling everywhere. One would not have ex
pected any Chinese to display auch nonchalant
courage, eapectaly as aome of therm have heen
wounded, or perhaps killed, and in consequence
their number is afterward diminished by so
many. ‘To an inquiry whether they did not
consider it highly unsafe, one of them repliea
| siinply The meals of the foreigner are very
Important ”

The ltalian gun bas been mounted at a win-
dow of the library in the second atory of the
students’ quarters, and attacks some barri-
cades in the Carriage Park through an opening
| well filled with sandbags) The books are
scattered allabout the place, many of them
piled up asa barricade and one of Bishop Elli-
cott's worka is used to chock the wheels of the
gun carriage

The American Colt's automobile is hereafter
to be placed in the British legation outer gate,
as being less liable to wet jammed, than what
Lord Charles Beresford calls the ‘obsolete
Nordenfelt, the British gun. But even this is
|} much better than the equipment of the Rus-

slans, wholett theirgunat Tientsinand brought
| up a few score shells which do not fit anything
else When through a misapprehension of
orders the Russian lewation was abandoned
on one of the early days of the siege, these
| Shells were prudently let down a well so as to
| prevent their being of any servicetothe Chinese
As they turned out to be defective in construc.
tlon they were spoiled by the soaking and later
had to be taken apart and laboriously refilled

npon the

CASUALTIES INCRBASING

Capt. Wray, in command of a British party
on the wall, was wounded in the arm, a Britlsh
marine also at the same time and place, and

| two others in Su Wang Fu, while a Frenchman
was brought in witha severe wound, aud many
Chinese who have been helping to carry sand-
| bags in various places were likewise disabled
Our hospital is @etting very tull, and the grow-
ing aggregate of losses is extremely depress
i ing, for there is anevident Hmit to what we can
bear, and the total deaths to date are reported
as thirty-two
During the afternoon a parly Was vlrganized
to make araid on the gun which has been doing
so much mischief to the northeof the bu Japan.
ese, [talians and British couperated this
movement, among the last several volunteers
The plan was said to have been devised by the
| brave and energetic Col. Shiba, commander of
| the Japanese, but it was even less successful
than the similar British attempt on June vw
It was proposed to start up the canal with a
party which, cooperating with those holding
the Japanese and Italian positions, should take
| the gun in the rear. But this litle band took
| a turn up a long lane, which led not behind the
| barricade but in front of it, with numerous loop-
| holes commanding the attackers, who could
not in any way effectively reply. Several of
them crouched behind the friendly projection
of a wall, after which those who were able to
do so made a run across the laue into a breach
in the opposite wall, and by this means regained
the shelter of the Fu. ‘The bravery and dash
of the participants was conspicuous, but the
unfortunate result was the loss of two Italians
killed (the body of one of whom was not re-
covered), one Japanese killed, a British student
iuterpreter wounded, and also two British
marines—a heavy penalty to pay for an error
in judgment at a time when every man is neces-
sary to the defence
The grain shop on Legation street has hitherto
| been used as the best plave to grind our wheat,
| as the stones are already in position, but the
passage ie becoming dally more dangerous.
The house of the accountant ts barricaded on
the whole length of the veranda to a great
height for fear of shells, 50 that there must
be a very slight circulation of air within, One
of the impromptu additions to the defences
| there is an ice chest filed with bricks, on which
are packing cases of earth, One of the small
| cypress trees near the cooking boilers for horas
meat has a string of cash hanging coufidingly
upon it which no one seeins to disturb. Money
| isof no more value to us at present than to Robe
fnson Crusoe and his man Friday

THR BATTLE ON THE WALI

‘The evident Imperative necessity of holding
l the city wall behind the American legation
(whether it is possible to do so or not) makes
| it vital to defend from bullets the passage of
the street at the base, which is at present com-
mauded by other parts of the wall, and also the
long ramp leading up to the top, the traversing
of which is highly dangerous, shota being con-
stantly fired whenever any one goes either up
for down. It is for this purpose that so many
sand bags are required. These must be put
into position at the edge of a ditch tbat has
been dug across the roadway as a pertial pro-
tection, but the work must be done at night
to avoid drawing a steady and murderous fire
from innumerable Chinese rifles in several
different directions
‘The best way to protect the ramp seemed
to be by putting up a4 series of zigzaws built of
the bricks taken from the facing of the city
| wall itself, which were of huge size and weight
| But the mortar with which they were laid proved
to be far superior to that usually met with
in Chinese construction, «o that to dig out a sine
{ gle brick was a long and a@ laborions process,
and thousanda were needed Here, as in all
j other work required by the defences, at least
| 8) percent of the time of the Chinese was lost
| by the lack of suitable tools, and of the time
which was actually emploved often a full half
| was wasted because the tools which were to
| be had were of such inferior quality
Whenever the Chinese began firing on sus-
| picion that something? was being done in the
way of making barricades, the Chinese work-
men learned 1o expose themselves
as at first, but to keep their heads well below
cover Tt was wonderful what patience they
displavred under the disadvantages of work-
ing so hard tn the dark, on such unyvlelding
material, much of the time exposed to fire
Whenever the fire became severe they crouched
around their leaders, rometimes clasping the
| legs of the foreign overseers whom they had
learned to trust, as if in this wav they were
safer than when separated from them
There are only twenty-six American ma-
rines holding the tremendous Chinese attack-
ing army at bay, and the commanding officer,
Capt Myers, had been up there for a week
together! The discomforis were almost as
pronouneed as the dangers, for there was scant
room, imperfect shelter from heat and rain,
no intermission of the irregular Chinese rifle
firing day and nicht, and the constant wear-
ing sense of heavy personal responsibility
for interests which it 0. imposs'ble property
to wuard, and fatal to leave unguarded

 

soon not

 

HARKD- WORKED VOLUNTEERS

‘This may perhaps be as favorable an oppor-
tunity as any to explain more fully the meth-
ods of registration and labor supply. The

| forei@ners were no sooner settled in the lega-
tion and the Chinese in the Su Wane Fu thana
systematic census was begun under the Com-
mittee on Registration The list of foreign.
ers was soon complete and required little re.
vision That of the Chinese proved for a va-
riety of reasons far more difficult Two of
the most important and most useful officers
in the siece were the Superintendent of Labor

tent dovetailed, the former mainly controllins
the Protestant labor supply outside the lesa-

SSS

 

 

thon and the latter the time of every Chinese
living within ite walle To the enerey, viel
lance, kindness, firmness and tact of theae two
men much of the resulta achiewed te to he ate
tributed The labor of the Reman Catholics
living outaide the Hritieh lewation, It ehould he
remarked, after an unentiafactory experiment
on the part of the committee, was directed hy
their prieata, and by the French, Japanese
and others for whom work wae done The
registration put inte effect in the Pu was mod.
elled after that which had heen found to tork
siicevssfolly in the Aritish lewation

The demand for inhor every where wae clam
orous and tuntversal Many of the legation
servants had fled some time before, and oth
ere had to be found for their places Al) the
nomerous housekeepers have a cetail
of cooks, table hove and cooles the hoenital
required a staff alwayea at the command of
the surgeons, there were many horses to be
fed and watered, the seavenger and other
Aanitary work was imperative, and like the
bakery and laundry did not admit of irregu-
lar depletion of employees. Some educated
native Christians, like the scholar of
Chinese were unused to manual Inbor and
unfitted for it; but every wrade and variety
of talent was eventually utilized, especially
those able to apeak English, who could serve

must

class

AS mes*engers, interpreters, or overseers
A small percentage of men manifested a
rooted and chronic disinelination to active

effort, but ere long these idiosynerasies were
dealt with on their real merits

RPECIMFN DUTIES

When the incessant calls for labor had first
to be met much confusion reigned for many
days. Let an actual case stand as a saniple:
At ® o'clock one evening an order came from
Col. Shiba, commanding the Japanese in the
Ru Wang Fu, for ten men and fifty sand bags
for immediate use. The superintendent se-
cured the baga, but could find only four avail-
able meu. He then waked up another gentle-
man, who being appointed on a wholly different
committees had nothing to do with the present
exigency, but assisted on general principles,
On arriving at the Fu this gentleman learned
that Col. Shiba had already got the nen needed
from the Roman Catholics near at hand

Meantiine a note had come to the British
legation from the American Captain on the
wall, requiring twenty men to raise higher
the western wall of the eastern barricade,
as the Chinese west barricade was firing into
it. The superintendent excused a lad too
small to handle the huge bricks of the wall,
and sent the same obliging substitute with
the three men on hand to ald the band that

were kept permanently in the American le
gation for emergencies, but happened on
this occasion already to have been work-

ing allday. When he arived therd (he Captain
who gave the order had been reheved, and
his suceessor in charge knew nothing about
any call for men, but informed the conductor
of the workmen that it had been decided to
postpone the work until daylight, when i!
would be done better. The ad interim as-
sistant, the superintendent and the Chinese
were then enabled to retire for what remained
of the night

Perhaps a summons arrived from the Freneh
to construct an important barricade. No
men could be found, for it was late a! night
when the labor market, especially the free
labor market, i generally closed. A visit
to the Fu disclosed numbers of them tying
ubout, but each one proved to have sume cher-
ished and dangerous malady. (ne is the
victim of a persistent diarrhma, another shows
by a limp that his lower leg is broken {n two
places, the crepitation of the bones being, as he
alleges, distinctly audible, not, however, to the
trained ear of the foreizn examiner, who soon
ascertains that the man is after al) able to
walk. Some deserve to be excused, but by
degrees between boys and men the order is
flied and they are eent to work.

MIDNIGHT CALLS

The superintendent is mo more than back at
the legatton, ready for bed after anexhausting
day's work in reducing order from chaos,when
@ request comes for ten men immidiately to
work all night on anew andimportant barricade
in the Han Lin Yuan No one but the superin-
tendent can find the men, and to the summons
of no one else will they respond Once more
tue Fu must be visited and every sleeping room
entered with alantern. In the darkness dusky
forms are dimly seen prone upon the k'angs.
Here the drafting process is repeated until at
length the required number {s obtained, but in
transit through so many courtyards and in
crossing tbe canal tn the darkness it turis out
that three out of the ten have escaped, and be-
fine unknown they cannot be identified Ata
later period every man had his nurnber not only
entered in the register but sewed upon his
clothing, so that evasion of duty like this be-
came impossible

About midnight one hears a« great disturl-
ance and angry remonetrancese The weary
registrar ia roused from bis slumbers by an
urgent demand for seventeen of ‘he short shov-
els used by inarines and wanted at once by
somebody in anotber legativn. After an hours
hard work and a visit to every place where dig-
ging is known to have been prosecuted the day
before some of them are found, but upon being
brought in as a part of what is wanted are re-
fused, for they have not the serrated edgcs of
the Austrian shovels. In the renewed search
every doubtful spot is approached with a
lantern

“Pur out that light,” cries a sentry, with the
addition of emphaticlanguage He isinformed
that the search is being conducted under official
orders and will be continued until the required
articles are found

At a later stage the duty of a sbip’s yeoman
is added to that of the registrar, the tools to be
as far as possible called in at night and
kept in a box near the bell tower Under
careless Chinese use spades, shovels, and
picks, of which the supply was originally
Jamentably small, and for whieh the demand
was general and insistent, have their handles
broken off and are rendered useless The a--
sistant registrar afterward added to his many
other functions that of general repairer, and
as far as possible counteracted the ravagea of
the wasteful coolie The Chinese carpenters
are kept busy making handles, a. also the
blacksmitha in their efforts to point iron rods
80 as to serve a4 picks or crowhars

THE SUPPLY OF BONKMEN

As the result of an orderly evolution of reg-
istry every Chinese on the premises came to be
known not only by name but by his reputation;
the better and more thoroneh workman requir-
ing little or no supervision, the lazy and inef-
ficient ones needing constant stimulus. Each
man is provided with a ticket good for that day
only, entitlinghim toonemeal or totwo,acoord-
ing tothe amount of work done. When he had
finished his work and eater his meal hereturned
tohisfamily inthe Fu Afterthe Fu was mostly
lest, and it became necessary to remove the
Protestants to the vacant houses between the
eanal and the American legation, the task of
wetting labor was much @xpedited Those
liable toniaht work were then kept on the prem.
inex where they were needed, and could not
escape Ifaman living in the Fu were cerelic:
in his work at the legation his pass was taken
away and he could not eet out to return to his
family, a punishment generally quite sufficient,
as their food depended upon hin

Some Chinese were fortunate or provident
enough to have food supplies of their
which rendered them in a measure independent
In a solitary instance aman of some education
after persistently refusing to work, and re-
peated warnings, was at last tied to a post
with his hands behind him, there to remain
until his views upon the relation of military
law to muscular activity and to rations became
materially modified, which happened within
a few hours

The carelessness of the Chinese in every.
where knocking out the burning ashes of their
pipes, made it necessary to forbid smoking
in buildings Those guilty of violating this
rule were put on duty for four-and-twenty
hours continuously In an espectally aggra-
vated case the cook of one of the legations
was discovered to have built a fire of a danger-

own

THE SUN,

  
 
 
    
   
    
  
   
 
 
   
   

|
|
|
|

RA EO le te ae

SUNDAY, DECEMBER

ous and unlawful kind late at night, to eee how
to take care of hia child, but at whatever ine
convenience individuals the authority of
the committee, found by experience to be juat
and wholesome, waa euetained aanainet all ap
Teale however, thera were but few
Those liohle to pouniahment were sent to what-
ever work wae moat urment, if ft chanced that
for the time there waa none eich, they minht
temporarily escape

Hit however perfect the evatem of reaieita-
tion and labor supply, the aimultaneans de
mand for detale of men who were not avail
able make many hitehes inthe progress
of milltary work Thus aie men were detailed
for labor on fortifieations In the Man Lin, but
ture a pile of sand bags had fallen
ina heavy shower from a hospital window inte
aogutter, stopping the drainage The «ix men
were deflected from the lesa to the more press.
ing task, but while on the way one of them
was called off to carry to the Chinese hospital
aA woman who ina time of «pecial danger had
been shot in eroeseing the eanal from the Fu
The need of Inhor made it necessary to require
from every ablebodied Chinese two hours’
work each day for the public, whieh often
proved irksome alike to servants, mistress
and superintendents

FRICTION OVER THE LABOR QUESTION

Against this requisition, which was later
supplemented by another for the whole time
of one or more of the large stafi of servants,
some employers were disposed to remonatrate
vigorously One gentleman who had at first
been very energetic in his cooperation, at a
later period asked a detail of men for the pur-
pose of getting his private dwelling ready for
a rain, and still later for two laborers to clear
up the grounds of the Russian legation, The
unforgetting Hegistrar recollecting that two
of this gentleman's servants had for some
time evaded duty, went to his kitohen and called
them out They objected that they were not
liable, as they did not live in the British but
in the Russian legation

“Exactly,” was the reply, “there is where
you are to work,” and the amazed and abused
master waa then presented with two of his own
servants to do his own work in his own lega-
tion!

The work done by the besieged Christians,
often hard and exhausting, in no case rewarded
with anything more than a bare subsistence,
was in general performed with characteristic
Chinese patience and perserverance, many of
them, under the tireless supervision of for-
elgners, throwing into it much energy, and tn
some cases considerable skill!

Monday, July 3) The morning is wet and the
gentle drizzle shows that the rainy season
has arrived. The “searchlight” was seen again
lust olght, and speoilalion even ventures to
identify it with that of the Terrible, supposed
to be with Admiral! Seymour's force. The
Chinese cannon has begun again this rnorning,
and the Iialian machine gun is sent over to
the Han Lin grounds, The Chinese now mostly
bayve a white strip on their arn with the word
“Christian” printed on it, thus to some extent
carrying out the suggestion of Yu Hsien, the
late Governorof Shantung, Who first patronized
the Boxers, aad wished the Government to
compel all adherents of foreign religions to
make that fact pain to every one by their dress

‘The ladies are busy making san dbage out of
Ningpo silks and tapestry worth $0 cents a foot,
each bas of the value of about $10 Mexican.
There was a large fire last night in front of the
Shun Chth gate, next west from the Ch'ien
Men, but there is no guessing what waa bummed.
There is still another fire to the southeast,
perhaps outsidethe city.

FEARS FOR THE FU.

The Su Wang Fu ia getting untenabie, and
there are fears that it cannot be held. The
Japanese are bringing some of thefr provisions
from there into the Britieh legation, which
shows (hat they have their anxieties about the
outcome. An uttachéd of their legation was
f#hot in the head while building abarrivade,
The Japanese are most placky, occupying a
dangerous position and having always large
loopholes tu shoot froin, although smaller
ones would answer just as well. Most of then
have bandages of some kind on, and they do
not give up unless it is tinperative

‘The nortieastern wall of the British lega-
tion is to be strengthened lest we lose the Fu
and the Chinese shell us from that aide. The
Jaree fag tiles in front of Sir Claude's house
are being torn up to-day to build an additiona!
wal! in case the Chinese get into the Pu and
fire across from a new angle. The proprietor
of the larger of the two foreign stores has
a@iven permission that any one who wishes can
loot the place, and the marines and others have
been helping themselves to the articles: which
they most fancied. As a result gramaphones,
phonograpls and rausic boxes are in operation
in wale houses of the legations as well
ason Lhe sentry posts

Russian sailors have several tumes come inte
the yard where the sehoolgirls are, to their
wreat fear and to the disgust of the ladies, whu
have complained to the Russian Minister

‘Tuesday, July 8.—For some days the position
of our defenders on the city wall has been grow-
ing woree. The Chinese have been pressing
forward in great numbers, and their shell guns
and rifles fring both ways have made the Armer-
foun position exceedingly difflcult to hold. The
top of the wall is flat and between thirty and
forty feet wide Kamps for ascent always
oceur in pairs and are inclined toward each
other like the limbs of a truncated letter A, the
Fpace between the pomts where the ramps reach
the top being thirty or forty yards in length
and directly opposite one of the massive bastions

 

ta

of which

trips

at that tone

the

by whieh at regular distances the wall is
strengthened
The American barricade has been injudi-

ciously located at the head of the first ramp,
leaving the other and the surface of the bastion
undefended) The Chinese have built several
barricades between the Ch'ien Men on the west
and ours and have been all the while creeping
nearer oud nearer with a wall curving like the
vicious tail of a scorpion on the surface of the
bastion, where they are ont of reach of fire
Ai the end they have just constructed a high
tower, which is only a few feet distant from
our post, and from this inaccessible eminence
thes now hurl down huge bricks on the
heads of our men, who are unable to reply.

CATLANT SORTIBE, BY YANKEE MARINES

That the Chinese must be driven out or the
wall abandoned was evident to Mr. Conger,
Mr. Squiers and Sir Clande MacDonald, all men
of military expenence and of sound judgment.
The execution of this important task was com-
mitted to the commander of the American
contingent, Capt. John T. Myers, a cool-headed
and capable officer, who entered into the plan
with great spirit Tn this movement twenty-
seven British dneluding one civilian volun-
teer), fifteen American marines and as many
Russians took part

The marines distinguished themselves by the
reckless courage which they displayed through-
ont, Capt) Myers in a few pointed words calling
their attention to the difficulties to be overcome
and to the fact that the lives of hundreds of
women and children depended upon the reault
of this encounter He then led the wav br
overleaping the American barricade, when they
came at once upon the end of the barricade of
the enemy, fortunately incomplete and easily
overthrown, He was followed by the British
ond Americans, the Russians having been sent
for an attack upon the enemy's ramp on the
inner side of the wall) The attacking party
was now behind the curving wall of the enemy's
fortification, protected from fire until they were
mmediaiely upon the enemy, whose surprise
Was complete

The foremost man ,was Lurner, an American
marine and a skilful sharpshooter, who while
making the charge was shot through the head
and instantly killed, as was his comrade,
Thomas Capt Myers accidentally received
in the lower leg, from a Chinese spear, a wound
which proved painful and dangerous, and which
together with an ensuing attack of typhoid
fever disabled him from turther active service
during the siege A British corporal was
wounded in the instep, and a Russian was
also disabied The peut of the Chinese was
as complete as thelr surprise A Lientenant-
Colonel of Tung Fu-hsiang's army, to which

*
eRe ene atte woe

  

ras

2, 1900.

the troops belonged, was killed and hie banner
ae wellae another was captured, besides numer-
ove rifles and much ammunition It wae ep
powed that about fifty Chinese were killed and
perhate aa many more wounded

The Chinese were driven to a dictance down
the wall and their barricade wae at once cee
taed and newer afterward lost The moral
effect of thie gallant action wee certainiy not
than ita military importance it was
Probable owing to thie ineident, as well ae te !
if the Jananese
ittack

lees

other similar sorties on the purt
andothers, that the @wreat Chinese ariny
ing the legations were newer quite able to eae |
their way toecterminate the foreign barbarians |
At one eweep, tiethy fearing that |
moet of them might be permanentivy inceapac
tated from further performance of the
cestral rites eo Cear to the heart of every dis
ciple of the Sages

in the prone.

an

NULLRTS INVADE THR HOSPITAL |

|

Last night one of the correspondents sent |
of a thoueand-dollar telegram giving the |

names of the killed and wounded to date, but
it was never heard of again Ueavy rain fell
early this morning and continued doring the |
forenoon, everybody and everything being
wet through ft ix a marvel how the Chinese
contrive to cook ont ef doors at all The hos-
pital is very full with about fifty patients,
and even the long chairs of the nurses are ov-
cupied by the wounded. Last night there
seemed to be some one posted in a tree who
had the range, and while operating it was
necessary to have mats hung before the win-
dows and put the lights on the floor, Most
of the waiting on the patients has to be done
in complete or semi-darkness, as it is not safe
to show a lamp anywhere, or bullets whiz'

The canal has become a torrent, with three
or four feet of water in it, and there is no cross-
ing to the Fu through the tunnel ‘The rain
ia deprecated because it is certain to delay
our troops, on account of the heavy artillery
One competent authority says it would only
hinder them one day, but others say ten. A
rife shot to-day carried away the halyards
of the flagstaff atthe main rate, which isordered
vaken down and the colors are nailed to the
mast

The Chinese working party that went to |
the wall last nicht was unable to build the zig- |
wags as the Chinese had the range of the ramp
and the bullets were too thick. The last part
of the night they worked to strengthen the
barricades just wrested from the Chinese
The British and Russians are assisting in hold-
ing the wall

|

THE FOURTH NOT CELEBRATED
Wednesday, July 4 About half past nine |
last night a furious fusillade began on the, |
northwest, west and southwest, singly and

then together, which resembled a general at- |

tack Every inoment it was thought that
the bell would ring an alarm, but this kept up
with brief intervals until daylight There

was driaziing rain all night, although not much
water fell, yeteverything was again soaked
through, No signof the sun, and except for |
cards with @ iittle flag drawn on them by a
patriotic citizen, there was no sign of any cele-
bration of the day
The United States lewation itself is con-
siderably demoralized. Several Chinese who |
worked at night on the wall, ure asleep in the {
secretary's room. ‘The office of the Minister |
is in dire confusion, and covered with dust
from the bricks and glass broken by the bul-
lets. Legal digests, Congressional Recorda, |
the report of the Blackburn Cormmission, |
United States statutes at large, overturned |
ink-bottles, waste-paper baskets and cur- |
|

talu poles litter the floor, while a bullet whieh
passed through a transom has quite perfor-
ated the framed Declaration of Indepeudence
between the twelfth and the thirteenth lines |
where the eccentricittes of King George are
criticised, and it then chipped a piece out of
the chimney

Last night distinet artificial lights were
seen, unlike Wiese of the night before, which |
are DOW supposed to huve been beat lightoing |
The Chinese in the Fu have been a good deal |
alarmed at the attacks there, but they have |
been told that the girls in the houses near the
Kuasian Jegation are no safer, although to-
day one of them who was inside a building
in the Fu was struck in the leg by a piece of
shell, aud died of a hemorrhage This was
the only life lost amoug the whole nuniber of
schoolgiris, and unlike most of the others the
child was with her own parenta i

Che Chinese plan is to break down the de-
fences of the Fu, but there are still others to
be taken, so that it can hold out yet, and we
are glad to know that |' is to be defended at
al! hazards. Another Italian was Killed there
to-day, making a total of forty-three deaths
thus far. The Japanese ae giving some of
the captured guns to the Chinese Christians
who have volunteered, and they are standing |
their watches side by side. Yesterday one of
the Japanese died in the hospital of hernia of
the brain, but as it was supposed that he was
in articulo mortis he was entered on the records
as dead the day previous

Some of the people living on Legation street
who have been penned up inside our lines,
have on hand a stock of pickles und other sauce,
which they ase now peddling out every day,
the first sign of mercantile life we have met
The shelling on the wall is as brisk as in the
legation It is reported that a shell from
the Ha Ta Men gun of the Chinese passed en-
tirely over our barricade and struck that of
the Chinese far beyond, making the bricks

fly Our men gave a responsive (and deri.
sive) cheer
Thursday, July 5 - Although it was com-

paratively quiet last night, there was an at-
tack on the French legation for half an hour
or so early in the morning M = Chamiot, the
manager of the Pekin Hotel, has fortified his
place with walls ten or fifteen feet thick in
places, adapted to withstand cannon balls
But the roof is the weakest part, and he re-
ports this morning that under the heavy shell
fire it inc in ruins Some of the pieces of shell |
brought over are of a new and dangerous

pattern It was reported that a eoolie of hl.

was shot to-day and two se *terday ltisa

wonder that ans remain A young boy djs. |
guised as a beggar, his messages wrapped
in oiled paper at the bottom of an old dish
of gruel, was let down over the wall last night

 

VARIED PRKERILS OF LEGATIONERS

lnproved sanitary arrangements are going
into operation in the 'egation, and empty bot-
tles in great quantities are being removed
and thrown out into the eanal For once
nobody cares for them Over in the Fu there
are great crowds in every building, many of
them sick, and this {s certain to increase in-
less their sanitary matters are better looked
after The Japanese have several lines of
walls The gun is throwing shells frequently,
and in time they will knock down any build-
ing there. Vheltalian wun has been taken
over there again A committee has been ap-
pointed to see what can be done for the im-
provement of the sanitary conditions, whieh
are now quite neglected :

There are many and anxious conlectures ae
to what it can be that hinders the coming of
the troops from Tientsin, and it is feared that |
itmay be the jealousy of the Powers among
themselves as to who shall take the lead fr |
is feared that the Chinese legations may have
deceived some of the Powers into the belief
that the Ministers are being carefully “pro-
tected,” and the board put up on the bridge
on June 25 cited as a proof, though it seems
unlikely than any one will credit this

There are fresh barricades put up in the |
Han Lin, and David Oliphant of the RPritich
legation, who remained behind to cut down
a tree, was shot through the liver, and died
in a short time He had worked heroically
upon thedefences, with the grit of a true Briton,
and was universally and deeply lamented
A German brought in a new kind of shell, un.
exploded, the mere weight of which would |
make it formidable Many of those hereto. |
fore emploved have seemed to have little force, |

and the damage bas been trifling compared
with what might have been expected

One of our best and most valued native |
pastors while on an errand witha party of others
to bring grain from the shop on Legation street

  

| form

| | ever want.”

| peen disposed of to glue

war fired at by one of the German marines
near by = The Ruseiane aleo came near killing
some of the Christians ty mistake aa they were
at work ona wall, aod Bip Claude in conference
with the Prench Minieter hae leaned an order
that every Chrletian ehall have a bade, ae
moet of them already have

The outer rampart of the front gate le being
strengthened with eandhage plastered with
mud. which make a very effeeticn barrier |
bulleta, and would even diaeourage a Chinese

”

{new gun bas been put upon a plat
at the head of

shell

inside the Tmperial etty

the canal and the solid «het and shells eo ane

where and everywhere, many of ther Ne
| Wleh as if meant for the eouthern elty An
order tne ot been issued forbidding the d
aracefe! looting of the foreign etere, whieh
should have been «topped before it berat tt
i has net only demeralived the marines, but
elviiang as well ‘The temptation to loot ts

practically the etrongest in the world, to the
maiority of the human race This afternoon
Dr Gilbert Reid, while passing along Legation
street, was ehot in the leg

CHINESE SHOT AT SPIRITS

Friday, July 6 During the night,
has now become the favorite time for the ¢hi-
nese attacks, there was a great deal of rifle.
firing anda few cannonshots. Yesterday after-
noon one of their solid shot atruck a Chinese
eart near the Minister's house and overturned
it 4 Chinese woman was asleep in the next
cart. From both the legation and the wall
heavy cannonading was heard last night to
the southeast, and the naual hopeful infer-
enees are drawn as to the prosimity of our
troops

Some of the Chinese eay that there is a reason
for the expenditure on the part of the enemy
of so many tens of thourands of rifle bullete
in the «paces of the upper atmosphere. They
can only account for our phenomenal resisting
powers on the ground that we are protected
by a supernatural being (an entirely rational
hypothesis under the circumstances), and they
are now aiming in a general and wholesale
way at “the prince of the wer of the air,”
but to us it appears that he Ts our enemy ina
variety of wavs, and that it would be an error
of judement for the Chinese to injure him in
any considerable degree!

‘To-day the Japanese made another sortie to
capture the Chinese shell gun, which has proved
so annoying, but like the previous attempts it
completed failed, and the men were ordered
back, Capt. Ando, commanding the volunteers,
severely wounded. The Japanese laid the
blame on the delay of the Italians cooperating
in making their start and upon the refusal of
the Chinese ccclies to try to drag away a gun
of great weight under a hot croas-fire. It is
said that the Chinese like to work for the Japa-
nese, Who wever kick and cuff them about as the
manner of some and make a low bow
to them when a diMicult piece of work has been
well done. The Japanese were obliged yester-
day to retire scme little distance from one po-
sition to a better one, but feel the great insecur-
ity of their hold upon the Fu as a whole, owing
to the risks of fires set by the Chinese, who
manifest the greatest zeal and ingenuity in this
kind of warfare

A shell from the Ch'ien men exploded over
three of the American marines in the main gate

whieh

is,

| of the lewation, but, strange to say, none of

them: was hurt, although one of them expressed
the conviction that it was “as close a call as
The Russian and the American
flagstaffs were both carried away, the latter by
the shell just mentioned, which made a huge
hole in the gate-house roof, and the flagpole fell
with the tiles

Capt. Ando died svon after he was brought
to the hospital He was an able and very

| popular officer and had done much to help on

the defence, so that he will be greatly tmiased,
especially us the numbers of the Japanese
diminish so fast) Still another gun platform
is being pul up on the wall of the Imperial oity,
which means more inischief for us.

ANO'LHBR CHY POR HELP.

Another courier was started off to-night with
the message, “Hasten, relief imperative.” A
student in the Russian legation who had taken
tuo much strong liquor charged at the Chinese
barricade and was instantly shot, as were
several ofthe enemy who tried to get his body.

 

 

HORSE MEAT CANNERY TO CLOSE.

 

| The Enterprise That Brought Fame te Linn-

ton, Ore., Found Not to Pay.

PoRkTLAND, Ore,, Nov. 28.-Mention Linnton
to an Oregonian and he will eaclaiin, “Oh, yes
the pluce where they can horses!” For more
than two years the industry of converting
horse flesh into canned meat has been carried
on at Linnton, seven miles north of Portland—
nol very successfully, however, and the present

| season's shipment will terminate the enter-

prise ‘The industry was started by a man
who thought that be had found a way to make
practical use of the hitherto worthless bands
of wild ponies or cayuses--so called because
descended from horses once owned by the
Cayuse Indians—which roam over eastern
Oregon ranges, destroying the pasturage for
other stock. Knowledge of the fondness
Parisians acquired for horse flesh through
having to eat it during the slege of their city
in the Prussian War led him to believe that
it might yet find acceptance as a food

An extensive correspondence with foreign
dealers finally secured him a market in the
Scandinavian countries, and the enterprise
was launched. Government inspection was in-
vited and the company’s labels now read:
“Prime Range Horse Meat, Linnton, Ore.,
for Export. Abattoir 165, Inspected under Act
of Congress, Approved March 2, 188%." Linn-
ton acquired « certain fame, not only for her-
self, but, according to the statement of a tourist
recentiy returned from Stockholm, for all of
Oregon. ‘Ibis tourist says that in districts
where the horse flesh is extensively used the
erroneous opinion prevails that canning the
same constilutes the leading industry of Ore-
gon. Noeffort has been made to induce Ameri-
cans to learn toeatthis meat, where occasionally
one bas sampled it, be has usually regretted it,

| Probably the respect people feel for the horse,
| and their fondness for it as a domestic animal

las something todo withtheir prejudice against
eating its flesh. Sam Simpson, an Oregon
poet now deceased, refera to the horse can.
nery in the following lines:

For at Linnton, down where the shimmering tide
Of the great river aweepe to the hoaree-caliing sea
Low singing, its murmur of anguleh to hide,
Are the red, reeking shambles the strange dimes
decree

But hark. From the tungult of citles ia borne,
On the bland morning breere, tumult and roar

Of the steam car and trolley - ah, let ue mourn,
For the dutiful day of the courser is o'er,

And hearken! With ominous whisper and hum,
The gleaming road eagles, the bicycles, Pass,

And the horse bows his head, with disaster o'ercome,
For his deetiny's over, alas and alas!

And now in this pasture of Linnton, behold
The herd that 's doomed for the shambles haca by

| With October's clear sunlight of melloweat gold

On their handsome coats playing and kindling

escn eve

Decrepit city horses have found their way
to the Linnton shambles, not into the cans of
“Prime Range Horse Meat,” however, but
into barrels of fertilizer, a product whieh,

unlike the horse meat, has not he
for a inarket Hones of rae i ge ben 2
of broken-down cart horses have been ground
up into fertilizing dust: manes and tails have
pores into the hands of Tanufacturere of
iin mattresses, cushions, &e, and hoofs have
factories

Yet such frugal methods have not avniled
to ofset the heavy eost of shipment to foreign
countries ane se suspension now at hand
of this enterprise has ores ’ >
from the stant ae een by many

Belteved Her Story.

From the Chicago Poat,

“If 1 were President of the United States.”
he announced, * Y
a iierenty ru ; some of the laws would read
ut, my dear,” he mildly protested, “th
President doesn't write ‘i : '
acon comm write the laws
Certainly not.”

“Well, if I were Presi, "
doginion, tne President pan a ott, said with
plied. you, my dear,” be meekly re-

    
 
  

capacity

being a free man he
But it ia fleured that
ge75"
toigrant has
ane, Varge _ his
. And multiplving this by the whole number
cermiglareate, we find that the Scandinavian
Sap Tanatorred
worth of propert
Petree ety OF Property in the form of human
with them.

Fald tekete pr returned in the shape of pre-
to the &

 

OUR NORSEMEN INVADERS;

48 WAND VORWEOIANS Wine
48 THRE ARF ITN NonweD

nwair

The Pigeres for the Tmmiaration Gram. the
Seandinarion Peninenta Amazing in More
Heapects than One fee Valne to Tite

Country Karty ifletery of the Movement,

the Faet where the cer lerae Bean

An imo mleration the past cent flea

bttle imy
the nomber «f
Tnited Stat

ail! t

rrvecter ¢ rative reselon

tatietles rewarding
" " at race ! he nm!
urprising fa nereaae it
tortling ton ooet 4 fey koe
nirs one holfaeimor

erm

 

ww that thera

Sorwegione
Sorwegier ead all
he Seandinasian
tocome to America,
at all «low and seme
of are crowding clowe upon the Note
wegions thenselces in the poatter of fhumbers,
Por instanee, there ore one third oe nen, Swedes

freinthioen
Ax there
the rest of

rein Norwa
the inhoty tants of
penineuin im this tercer
although the rest are pet

then,

in the United States as there are in Bweden,
and one-fifth as many Danes as there are in
Denmarh. Tweefifth. of (oe tetal population

nd in some
seand navians are

of Minnesota
localitias of the Northweet
the dominant race

In the recenth reviced edition of his History
of Seandinavians in the United States, O. Ny
Nelson, of Minneapolis, eves interesting
facta concerning the develop inent of the Scane
dinavian population here os well as some equally
interesting data concerning the origin and
development of the Northmen immigration
to this country, Without following Mr. Nelson
into his remote researches concerning the
discovery of .\\merica by the Icelanders, “about
the vear 1000," or even dwelling upon the
early Scandinavian colonies in Pennsylvania
and Delaware and the strong groups of Swedes
Norwegians and Danes who struggled to these
shores prior to the beginning of the nineteenth
century, it mav be said generally that the
real tide of Scandinavian immigration hithere
ward began with Kleng Person's or Peerson's
“Sloop Party,” whieh sailed on the Restaurae
tion from Stavanger for this country on July 4,
1825. Klen@ Peerson was an adventurer and
@as regarded in his own country as akin to
atramp and the “Sloop Party,” as it is called,
which came with him was not made up pre
cisely of the sal’ of the Seandinavian earth,
It was very generally reported that Kleng
deserted his wife and famil, when he set out
as a Moses to lead bis countrymen to the prom-
ised land, and it is very well known that at
the mature age of 6) he married another wife
in the Bishop fill eolony in Illinois, and de
serted her when he went to Texas a short time
after, Klenge died in Texas in 1885, and his
tombstone bears the not very truthful state
ment that he was the first Norwegian imml-
grant to America and came here i'n 182!

The adventures of the “Sloop Party’ began
very soon after sailing from Stavanger. In
the first place they began business by illegally
selling liguor—the Restauration had brandy
as a part of her cargo--in the English harbor
lisett while passing down the English ChanneL
Then when near the island of Madetra they
found a cask of wine floating in the ocean and
all got so helplessly drunk that the vessel
drifted into one of of the harbors of the island
without any flag being hoisted and witbous
any visible signs of life on board. The offi-
clals of the port, supposing that some dreadful
contagious disease had killed everybody on

board, trained guns on the ship and began a
furljous cannonade with the idea of sinking her
and thus preventing the pestilence from reach-
ing the shore. This aroused those on board
somewhat and one of ther got sufficient con-
trol of bis wits and lees to stagwer to his feet and
raise the Norwewian flag
Wheo the floating alcohelic ward became
somewhat sobered up they tried it again, after
getting help and eupplies of various kinds
hrough the good offices of the American Con-
| Phe peculiarity of this advance guard

are Scandmnawywing

some

6U
of thp army of Scandinavians was that they
celled thernselves Quakers and did as a matter
of fact belong to some branch of that sect.
On the arrival of the Restauration in New York
all the immicrants were in practically a destl-
tute condition and were helped with food,
clothing and mony by menibers of the ety
of Friends in this city. Their sloo; th ue
cargo which had cost them som ming like
$2,000 they sold for about a quarter of that
@mount and then turned their faces inland
to seek their fortunes) Mr Nelson remarks
that with the single exception of the brave
Ool Olson, an Tlinois soldier in the war of the
Rebellion, not one of the ‘Sloop Party’’ or any
of their descendants hes distinguished him-
self in any line during the seventy-five years
that have elapsed since the Hestauration are
rived in New York

Mr. Nelson figures that up to 1900 fully 1,500,<
000 Scandinavians had settled in thie country
since colonization began. The Scan
fmmigration, as compared with that other
races, did not begin seriously until ve late
The Norwegian, which was the earl
not exceed 1,009 a year until 1843, the Swedish
did not exceed 1.0% 4 vear until 1852, ape ine
Danish not unt) 1887. The Scandinavian
{mmigration reached its maximum in 1882
when nearly 6,000 Swedes, 39,000 Norwegians
and 12,00 Danes arrived in this country. i)
then the immigration from northern
countries has declined. From 1821 to ae
the Scandinavians constituted 7 per cent. o

the total fmimigration Sixty-two r cent,
of the northern iminigrants are e; 65 per
cent arrive between the ages of 16 and 4,

24 percent are children under 15, and 11 per
cent are more than 40 vears old. About one.
half of the Swedish fnnugrants come here
for the purpose of engaging in agricultural
pursuits, and in this respect, as indeedin many
others, they compare very favorably with the
representatives of all other nationalities thag
come here froinabroad = “Itisanotable fact,

save D*. Nelson, “that one out of every four
Sean tviens engages i agriculture, while
only one out ot six of the native Americans

one out of seyen_of the Germans and one oug
of twelve of the Irish follow the same occupa.
tion, In i880 Only 82 per cent of the Bwedes,
28 percent of the Danes and 2! per cent. of the
Norwegians in this country lived in citles of
over 26,000 inhabitants"

Mr. Nelson alao cites statistios of the defeae
tive Classes as giving a very favorable showin
for his race or instance, in 1870 one out o
every @700f the Trish in this country was either
deat and dumb or blind. one out of 962 of the
Trench: one out of @80 of the English; one ou
of 1,038 of the native Americans, one out o'
1,142 of the British Americans: one out of 1,480
of the Germans, and one out of 1,810 of the
Scandinavians, In 1880 one in 165 of the
Spaniards was a prisoner, one in 190 of the Chie
nese: one in 207 of the Mexicans. one in 26@
of the Italians one in 359 of the Irish; one in
411 of the Scotch, one in 488 of the Frenchz
one in 456 of the Frglish. one in 690 of the Brite
ish Americans, one in 818 of the Portugueseg
one in #16 of the Russians: one in 949 of the nae
tive Americans and Germans; one in 1,083 of
the Poles, one in 1,178 of the Welsh: one in 1,108
of the Belgians, one in 1 of the Swies; one
in 1,883 of the Hollanders, and one in 1,680 of
the Scandinavians. The census of 1880, says
Mr. Nelson, Is very faulty in regard to the
defective classes. Yet it appears that only one
in 792 of the Scandinavians is a pauper, while
for the Bohemians there i< one pauper in every
400, for the English, one in every 387: for the
Germans, one in every 356; for the Irish, one ig
every 182

About one-half of the Seandinavian im
grants reach this country by means of pr
tickets bought and forwarded to them by
tives here Doring each year between
and 1900, the postal money orders issued in
the United States, payable in Seandinavian
countries, anjounted to about $2,260,000, and
it is estimated that something like $6,500,000
besides was in one vear sent to the Seandi-
navian peninsula through banks and by other
means. During the same period only about
$500,000 was annually sent from Scandinavian
countries by means of postal orders. Of course
a considerable proportion of thease sums were
settlements for business transactions: vet the
United States Post Office reports asaert that
the excess noted is mainly due to the fact that

 

 

 

the immigrants contribute liberally to tha
support of their friends across the Geean It
ia estimated in round numbers that in the in-
terval between '820 and 1900 something like

$52,000,000 has been vent in small sume by Senn-

dinavian. tmmigranis
in the old countrys
fures, however,
it as follows
“Fach immigrant brings with him a certain
sum which Smith estimates to avernas
tween $63 and 8100. ‘It costs,’ to quote the
the same authority, ‘about ghaoso to brie
up a child in Buroepe till fifteen years of ac
In this country it costs twice as much Rit
this estimate does not mean the real value. ¢
men; they are not valued in dollars and cents,
But every immicrant must represent labor
Worth at least the value of a eiave
which was $00 or 81,000 before the war, but
may not choose to work,
each immigrant is worth
Assuming that each Scandinavian ime
bronaht $75, which added to $875,
labor capacity, amounts to

here to their friends
There is an offset to these
and Mr. Nelson presente

1 He

sent or rather permitted to
to the United States $1,450,000,-

valuables these have brought
Even subtracting the 852,500,000

resents and ensh, it vet leaves

ates in a debt 800,000
Scandiaavian countr oie O10