4]

 
 

THE TEMPTATION OF GEMS;
' nov yeriow

niTH MOTERS

o st10OLr
ve MOND THAKRY

pr

A tase for Abe ¢ ronkite, the Detective, After
a Notable Hall Misappearance of «
Famoes Ornament Connterfetts of it
in Unespected Places —Piacing the Gaitt,

‘length the day had come when Ruth Doser
eas to wear for the fret time the diamond
ramb she had inherited from her Aunt Ma-
tilda Bowers, Of course, Ruth had sincerely
mourned for the aged relative who had ro
distinguished her, beyond this, she had a sense
ef the fitting and would be the last one in the
world to appear prematurely in society, and
yet, and vet, it had been a long, au tantalizing
walt. To know that the most valuable piece
of jewelry in the city was her own, and vet
shut off from her adorninent by the vaults
ef the Asbestos Safe Deposit Company that
would be agaravaling to any young girl of
fe and hope and pleasurable aspirations;
and it bad been aggravating to Ruth.

The yellow tiara, as it was commonly ealled,
was inded a rich inheritance, The stones
were perfectly matched in cutting and bril-
Haney, having been collected by Mrs Bowers
herself during her long career in Paris, where
sie had become known to the trade as an ex-
vert of no mean standing. The term yellow
failed to describe the peculiar radiance of
the gems, which was so soft and delicate as
to be more of a lemon. They constituted,
in fact, a family by themselves, and their hue,
eo far from being condemned a4 an off shade,
was at once the cause and the proof of their
priceless rarity.

Old Mr. Doyer, Ruth's father, the opul-
ent pork-packer, though a worthy man, was
somewhat vainglorious. Perhaps, in pack-
ing pork, he had often been constrained to
pack his pride, which now in his retirement
sprang back the tenser for the pressure, The
legac therefore, had been too notable for
privacy. He had hastened to shere it with
the public. Through his active cooperation,
the gatherers of feminine intelligence had d -
lated upon its wonders, It had been depicted
in the papers; it had been counterfelted in the
shops, the family fame being at once iNumined
and the family pork obscured by its wide-
spread lustre.

And now the winter was overand he spring
had come, and Ruth was to wear the diamond
comb to the French Commissioner's ball, Mr
Doyer himself went to the Abestos Coupany
aud brought home the glittering bequest In
its @ray leather case. No less a person than
Celestine, Mrs. Doyer's maid, was chosen tv
sel the plece properly in the siuning tresses,
As the young g'rl looked through the mirror,
she wondered for a moment why the old ser-
vant’s dull eyes should glitter so feveristiy,
her deft fingers tremble and twitch, and what
were the half-muttered ejaculations on her
Nps, But the yellow comb was tov overpow-
ering, too present @ fact to demand less than
undivided attention. Queens give no thought
to the trifling peculiarities of their retainers,
why, then should she?

The ball was by far the most important event
of many seasons, being given in honor of the
epecia) French Comuniasioner and his suite
Tp anticipation of (he crush, which would surely
be produced by the desire of the foremost citi-
gens of the land to welcome one whose coming
presaged broad-epread commercial advantages,
a temporary pavilion had been added to the
great hall, affording ample, space for dancing.
Ruth was walteing with Capt. Jean Joloff of
his Excellency’s staff, when the catastropliv
ocourred which filled two worlds with appre-
hension and serrow, The officer certainly
acted with trained promptness. At the first
indication of fire, he seized hia heavy cloak
and wrapped it around the young girl; and
then, avoiding the Jam at the narrow ex!'
managed at much personal risk to bear her
through the flame and sinoke to a aide window
and hold her, all unconscious in his arms, on
the outer ledge until the firemen brought ex-
tension ladders to their rescue.

Mr. and Mrs. Doyer, who had sat complacent
in the reflected glories of the yellow tiara, near
the main entrance, were equally fortunate,
being swept out into the street in the first rush
Indescribable was their agony on reaching
home without their daughter; indescribable
their joy when she arrived, smoke-be-

 

was
grimed and scorched, to be sure, but un-
harmed. It was only after the Captain had

hastened away, as if burdeued by their thank- |

fulness, that any thought was given to the
diamond comb. Then Mrs. Doyer eried out
tn sudden alarm:

“Ruth, do look at your tiara: I believe it is

ruined!”
All crowded around as Ruth snatched the

ornament from her hair. Yes, there was cer-
tainly a woful change in the gems

dull, disvolored, well-nigh tawdry Instantly

a hundred home remedies were suxwested,
only to be vetoed by Mr. Doyer
Let Celestine put it carefully a@way,” di-

rected the old gentleman, “you will only make
bid worse through your experinents The
chances are that it is stained by some vapor
there were chemicals in the adjoining building,
] heard. To-morrow, I myself will take it to
Crawford, and he will know how to cleanse
and restore the stones.”

True to his word, Mr. Doyer, his way
downtown, left the diamond comb with Mr
Crawford, senior member of the old house «©
Crawford & Mettell. The jeweller expressed
the opinion that no permanent injury lad
heen done, and promised to give the work his
personal attention: and so, by the time Mr
Dover reached his offee, the vague fears of
the previous night had dissipated. Not for
long, hywever, for the door was suddenly burst
oven and Mr. Crawford rushed ta, bis normal!
amg countenance contorted with alarm

It is a fraud, a base impersition.” he or
all breathless. “AS soon as To put the glass on
the stones, 1 found then one and all, false,
mere paste, & clever imitation to be sure, such
ks is sold in the shops, since the newspapers
wrote the thing up, such as we ourselves sell,
but absolutely worthless! look through
this for yourself, and you will see bow the soft
substance has been eaten into und destroved

Mr. Doyer was a man of business, alert and

on

’

wal,

Hor. and well indoctrinated with the legal
volief that every wrong las ils remedy \
foul wrong bad been done his datghter. theres
fore, some one rmouet pay for it Who, Chen
shonlg recoup for this loss’ Who, but the
exes fers of the estate of Matilda Bower

decea , who had been obligated by the will

 

 

sntical diamond comb, whieh
tes'atrix had caused be constructed
with such infinite care and eapense Had
they done ao’ ‘There (to was
\raelf and charge thein with gross carelessne=s
f not gross fraud! Such were bis though’.
throughout the maht, made waketal ty
wife's lamentations, and, the following
morning, he hastened to bis attorneys Macron
& Fecles, and pul the matter in theo hands

4 week later, Judge Josiah Marcellus was
eunsidering the eull which had been brough!
against his clients, the executors of the Bowers
vetate, with infinite In an
informal way, he had talked it over weit i!
life-long associate, Mr Macron, and was foreed
to concede that the position the plaintifl
was astrong one. On the very day that Mr
Dover had received the diamond comb ou
behalf of his daughter, he had placed It in the
viults of the Asbestos company He had
taken it thence to his own home, and Ruth had
worn it to the ball, He had delivered ib ¢
Mr. Crawford, the expert, whe, tn an hour,
had pronounced it afraud. Surely, a straight-
forward story of reasonable care. but how had
ik veen after Mrs. Bowers’s death and before
the probate of the will’ It had lain in an old
Un box, in the office of Marcellus & Beavers,
protected more by ignorance of its whereabouts
than any particular safeguards. Here, then,
was evidence of laches, which, while it might
bol bind the executors Personally, would al-
rnost Positively bind the estate

Resides, the case was Clearly one for settle
ment and not for trial. It was surcharged
with indefinite suspicions, which would linger
leng after the verdict, whatever it might be,
had been recorded and forgotten. Damages

to deliver the i

the fo

dissatisfaction

¢
wt

They were |

let It speak for }

 
 

conld not recompense the plaintit: they eonld
Not vindicate the defendanta, The eornb,
he @enuine, simon-pore, diamond comh waa
the thing and the only thing, that could work
equity for all concerned, and for ite restora.
Hon he determined to concentrate all hie effort«
With theee thought« and Purposes in view
the old lawver culled Abe Cronkite inte eon.
sulfation, and pul bh fto posaeesion of
CUCU MTA NCO.

This diamond comb wag widely celebrated,
«it not asked Cronkite

replied the dudwe °Para«
Yeates ago, and as soon aa
Bowers died and her will was published
papera took |f up and ascribed fabulous
| Values to what hod an almost fabulous valie

You must have heard of the Yellow Tiara
‘t Was @ crave six montiw ago Why, every
shop girl thought it was the thing fo bave «
cheap imitation of it in her hair) 1 can ace
how that there was no reason why all expert
thieves of Christendom should not have been
on the watch for it,’

“And assuming that they were,” concurred
Cronkite, “there was no reason why they
shouldn't have been looking for (t on this par-
howar night It was evident that it would not
be worn whilethe Dovers were in mourning It
was evident that if the voung lady attended
the swellest blow-out of the year, as the papers
anoounced she would, she would wear if then
and there. Tmitations, you aay, were plentiful
Well, to my mind, it wouldn't have been im-
possible for a clever crook to huve taken
the real and substituted a false one,

| iu the push and press of the crowd

| “Not when Mr Dover and his w fe were at
hand,” objected the Judge. “If you knew them

as I do, you world make eure that they each

nad one eye on the comb all the time ”

“That brings us next to the foreign fellow,
what's his name, Joloff, doesu't !t?” returned
Cronkite “Think for a moment. He was
very attentive to the young lady, early tn the
evening, was with ber when the fire broke out
carried her to the window, and held ber tLere,
tneonacious, until the flremen came Why
he miaht have taken out one comb and putin
duother, a half-doven times for ali she knew ”

The foreign attaché?” protested the bornfed
Judge impossible’ Those young men are

the very pick of their country, high of birth,
faultless of character Why, ifs au ipterpa-
conal insult fo imagine sucha thing!
{ “And yet,” wentfon the inperturbable de-
| tective, “if | were a clever crook, and bad laid
ty plans to cop that comb, judging, as T should
bave judged that (1) would be worn to the ball,
it would have been my gaine to get myself
up for juat such @ part '
“Ob,” said the dudge
Yes.” said Cronkite

im!

a sir’

Indeed it was,
went wild over i!
Mra

oul

comb

 

 

 

“Fine feathers don’t
rake fine birds, especuliy when the birds are
fail-birds And now for the proof You as-

| certain Whether Joloff has called on the Doyers

hand FE will find out whether there is any such
meinber of the commissioner's snite ”

“they have not seen or heard of him,” re-

| ported the Judge, when, a half-hour later, the
two Were lometner again

“There } any sich person,” reported
Cromkite What vou feared might be au
international ingult is merely a natuonal dis-
erace

“Find the man, whoever he Is,” cried the
Judge, greatiy excited, “and we will come to
some sort of amicable arrangement with him
The executors would give much, I know, to
be relieved of this onns of negligence: while
Mr. Dover could well afford to pay for the
restoration of what he seems to regard as one
of the muniments of his family's title to po-
sition, Besides, the fellow, dishonest as he
is, was plucky. He saved the wirl’s life, even
if he robbed her. There could be no dispo-
sition to proseeure him. Ou the other hand,
with all this notoriety and the dist octive color
of the stones it would be well-nigh impossible
for him tu get anything like a fair price for
them.”

“Crooks don't expect a fair price, sir,” said
Cronkite. “They are robbed even as they
rob. It is easy come, easy go with them, and
it's the fences, not the thieves, that get rich
and become respectable and die in good stand-
ing. There is a great deal in what you say: St

| would be hard to get any one ja the trade, how-

|

'

shit

“so

ever up to outside chances, fo touch thore
stones with a ten-foot pole. Now, all the while
you've been talking, sir, I've been put in mind
| of Gentleman George Ringgold, you've heard
| me tell about. The job has got all his marke
He's fond of soctety, and at home
jin the bes. and diarmonds are an irresistible
temptation to hi I's 9 desperate chance
| but there's no harm in roy taking it. He will

 

l for fair

m

talk with me at all events, for he knows I'm
what le calls square '

“see himat once,” advised the Judge = “Fiveu
if he wasn't the thief he may know who was
Those people, I suppose, goseip like all the
| rest of the world ”

“No not like all the rest, for they talk
nothing else,” replied the detective

The following day Cronkite returned from
his mission with a look of alertness on hie stolid
face which caused the Judge to drop his pen
in silent inquiry

|
|

sir,

|
| “[t's a curious case, sir,” began the man: “I
| was rinht and yet | wasn't) | had no trouble
in finding Ringgold, and ready for business,
too! butas s00n as L mentioned the diamond-
comb job he began to swear like a trooper
the matter’’ J] asked. ‘Sorry
Sorry I did,’ he anewered, with
j all of dressing. ‘Sorry | did and got
‘ picked up forasucker” ‘How? | asked ‘whi
tell you how,’ he says, ‘and if you can figure
what | made by it, except a seorched
fmustache and a hatful of smoke, Vl divvy
fup even with vou’ And then, Judge, he went
lon to tell that he had worked the job much as
j we pieced it out, going to the ball with a paste
feomb in his pocket and substituting it when
he and the wirl were out on the ledge. All right
| so far, hey? But wait
' The next day he took the sparklers to prob-
ably the stragbtest fence the
bone who will take almost any risk and never
| squeal and bless me if the old codger didn't
|

‘What's
didn't try it’

you

sorts

in busines«—

like to break lis head with a hanimer ‘Clear
he velled at Ringgold, as if gone stark
Do vou think FE don't Kuow paste when
| see it Is it possible that there are two such
fools in the worlds’ And with that he picked
| np a little acid and tonched one of the stones,
} and it shrivelled up into a litte black spee vou
might brush off clothes. Gentleman
George had stolen no more than he had returned
' The comb whieh Mass Ruth had sported with
such and her parents had each kept
such at) auxious eve on, you could bay in any
of the shops for about six shillings!

‘Well, after a little, when Ringgold had got
through kicking himeelf! and the old codger
| had stopped frothing at the mouth, George
asked him what he meant by two fools he could
dboriaht what he meant by one
if the fence didn't up and
very
very

out!

niad

your

 

pride,

j understand
And then,
declare that a
morning, tyne

te

Judge,
} woman had been in, that
to brave him with the
steer, work off paste stones,
| know, for diamonds Here jis her de-
j scription as passed on by men who don't miss
|
|

same some

 

a wink dark, scrawny, pret well aged, with
iteby fingers and lips half-

 

voeves audit
miotlering
Phe  tanid
Mra Dover's:
Kiaht agreed Cronklie. “the 4 party
I natiedinyself! Now, then, Where are wey In
the first place, We niust assiine that the maid
ioe in good faith according Ringgold

exclaimed Judge Marcellus

 

vaid, Celestine!

to

she Was torn into siivera when she found her
} diamonds were paste In the neat place, those
she bronght with ber were all) emoked up,

same as the comb Which Mist Ruth wore when
eame home. What, then, is the inevitable de-
duc from facts? Whe, since Miss
Ruth worea false conib to the ball, the maid may
have conceded the genuine one aud inserted
the imitation when she Was dressing ber hair
You remember, the young lady noticed that
she seemed excited over somenhing Phen, the
false comb which Ringgold worked off on her
(at bal, all stained and bewrimed as it wan, Was

delivered to Celestine to heep over night. She
| alone knew that it must be an imitation: forsahe
| already had the genuine article in her posses-

sion. Now, for some reason, which J ean't

fathom, unless she turned chicken-hea-ted, she

must Lave touched up the real comb during

tion these

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, DECEMBER

the nlaht, eo'ae to ook tus He the falee comb
aod then, and then well, ahe nuet have aive
over the genuine article to Mr Dover the newt
roorning, since ahe took the
fenee ‘That being so
Vea, that being eo,’
where je thie genuine comb’
we are after, remember Where ia tr, [aa
Whe then concluded Cronkite, doggedly
isupto Mr Crawford, the jeweller, and that's
all there ia about Hut there’« no use of
surmising until we get the whole truth from
the maid Confront her, Leavy, in the pres
ence of the farni'y, with the proof we already
have, and the chances are she will peach!”

That afternoon there waa a solemn aather-
ing in the library of the Dover house Stern
and sient as a the family. the Jodwee
and the detective awaited the coming of Ca
lestine, She entered and stood before them
with feverish eves and twitching fnwers and
muttering lips

“Celestine,” said the Judge abruptiv, “if yon
hope for merey, tell us at once where you got
the discolored comb vou tried to sell the other
day to a notorious dealer in stolen gooda *

In an instant the woman grovelled on the
floor, tearivug her scant hair, as she screamed
*I'm guilty, oh my God, It guilty, but not as
guilty as vouthink' Those diamonds, ah, they
bewitched me, they tempted me beyond resis: -
ance! T saw them by day, I dreamed of them
Al hight 1 did plot to get them: 1 did substi-
tufe an unitation in my young lady's hair and
hide the real comb away! But when she was
brought home, as if from the dead, my heart
Was moved: b could not rest I repented: oh
tuy God, if Thad only staved penitent’ What
should [ do: the discoloured false comb and the
spotless genuive comb were in my possession
I did not want to confess my theft, so 1 smoked
and painted the diamonds until they looked
Just ike the paste, and then, indeed, 1 «lepr
for | intended, I truly intended, to res:ure them.

“Butin the morning, ah, (¢ was another thing,
asdifferent as iight from dark Llseemed a fool
lugivenpwhatlhadwon My heart hardened
and Lhandedto Mr Doyer what Lsunposed was
the imitation Bat when | tried to se!)
the other, then | earned, oh my God, I learned,
that all my sins were of no avail 1 had given
him the real one, | bad kept the false! One
lung more that may prove of age stance to ron,
aud then do with meas vou will As that old
trafficker in crime drove me from his sight, and
J hurried through the hall, 1 sawin a little wait-
lug room @ man, just turning down his cout
oollar, Just 'aving aside his wide brimined hat
That man was Mr Crawford: and in his band
Was a gray leather case’’ There was a mo-
ment’s étlence, and then Muth wently led the de-
Spairing Woraan from the roon

*In my judginent,” said the Judge
“we pow have suffldeut grounds
warrau! } shall prepare mv papers and get
mv order, and then havea quiet talk with Craw-

imvfation to the

internipted the Jide,

Mhat's what

itt

eourt

   
 

commu

briskly

for a search

or

 

ford, He is a prudeut man, and must realize
that the mere mention of his being in. secret
colnmunleation with sueh a disreputable cla:

acter as this fence would ruin his business,
however well establighed, since the very es-

sence of ft must be public confidence Come,
Cronkite, fur the once vou can ace as me clerk
I hope, [ beheve, that reasen will prevail, and
this tutricate matcer may be brought to a sat
factory Conclusion without arousing that wide-
spread and distorted comment which is the bane
of the present tine ”

And so, indeed, it proved
equivecation, evasion, the Judge remained
resolute, pressing home his proof, until, oat
length, after consultation betweenthe (wo part-
ners, Crawford & Mettel!, ana secret negotia-
tions carried on in that lithe waltue r
which Celestine, on her griet had <pied, the dias
monds were recovered, reset and restored

 

Against denial,

 

mn, Into

 

“Whet did Crawford say?’ asked Mr. Doyer,
as he received the gray leather case from the
hands of the Judee

“Oh,” replied the latter with a smile, “it was

the same old story! He said it came on bir
like a flash that here was a chance to met the
diamonds through substituting the paste tinita.
tion, ufter discoloriug it in the same way: and
really the temptation was irresistible '*

PLANNING

 

A HIG HUNT,

 

Large (ame to Be Driven Into a Corral and
Captured for Sale or Saughtered.

From the Chicago Recor
DeNVER, Nov 2s Some of the greates: wild
@ame hunts in the history of Colorade, or of the
epure West, are beng planned by tanctimen in
Rio Blanes and Houtt counties, on the other
of the Great Invide A novel feature of

 

these hunts will be the fact that most of the big
Buine Will be taken alive and seid to keepers of
menugeres Phe hunt* are planned 'o wet rid
of the bears and biotintun liens Ut re driving
slockmen dist factor J deita ther
ame will not be ‘ked

Tn Rio Blanco county, Work is now progresme
jug on @ bie corralon the ranen of Ja »Withe
dagton fhe corral ist vith a wide Tunnel
shaped entrance When it is all in readiness
the buntssen will meer ao Withing & ranch

     
 

j na
Is, atid stire

atte: it, v i
lhe bears have

andther
round oneal tt

 

 

  
   
 

 

 

been muking eaks their rendezvotis
fhe animals will ! he big cgrral and
the most agile of il nott ble to climb
over the rough timbers and boulders Onty
the bears that at wtoeseapeon the mer
to the corral will aliot Tie gates will ne
Closed on the captives, and When, ift ‘are ho
purchasers, the animals will be slaughtered

Cfreus men and keepers of zoological gardens,

 

  

 

however, claim that there willbe ample demand
for all the good spe feo! bear that can be
captured They sav that all k of Amenvan
wild game is erowing searee andi bor be

   

a question of a few vears when it o

sible to keen the tienugeries wel! ed The
ranchinen of Colorado say that thes wi beable
tosupply the menagerie mien Wiitiallthe gy

tain lions and bears that the anise Ht DUS inese
demands. The bears in particular Lave been
numerous and desperate thisseason, ‘They are
mostly big, black fellows, thou! easionally
a cinnauion Cotves snifinat bis way rom New

Mexico, or a grizzly slouches down fron Wrong.
fng’s sulphur spring baths ta try! Claws or
the Colorado cottonwoods and @atier ino few
specimens of Colurado live stock

As a weneral rule the black bear is the most
barmie-s of animnais to evervthiag but a tat
sheep or call ! f

 

lle has no desire to look for

trouble in whieh) men are couoerned Though
when he is cornered he puts apa pretty figh
Tits season, however, a lad was killed ond part!s

the Colo
that their

a black bear jo Utah, +
and settlers have decided

eaten by
rado line,

 

children taust) be protected saains! similar
occurrences Accordingly the war of exter
mination bas beer Auned in the counties

    

where the bears are thickest
The tanchmen who live under the shadow

of the Flat Tops lave no set rules about killing

   

bears As & general rile they will not waste
a shell on @ binck bear, preferring ta save the
charge for a deer Bat when it decided
to killa bear, the usual wav ia for twe rane!

wien to chase the saamal into a clearing and
then rope it with lariat. Ry this means the
hear is quickly choked to death and there is u
great saving of powder and bullets The re
ing dane is never tried, however, when thet
happens to be a toether with several cube tr
ting alone tin her wake On such occasions
the ranehiman is happy tohavea pagk of hounds
é gowith hin and a good rifle in bis band
en the most foolhardy ranchers, who oeca-
siouotly rope acatatmoun! “just forexeitement,
will waste precious shells on a mother bear
rather than run any fisk of coming to close
quarters For the natural instinet makes the
black hear a flehier second only to (he arizzly
The “yaller streak.” whieh the ranchiwn al-
Ways counts on coming to his aid in the onse

  

 

   
 

 

   

of an ordinary black bear, is totally absent
in the case of the mother bear. and there is
Hothing but fleht from the drop of the hat
and no craven y.eldaag at the touch of the

poose or the sting of the bullet

Up in Routt county, where no railroad has
vel disturbed a rewon tha bicwer than
nuiny Faster States, the stage drivets ocea-
sionally have to put on the brakes, while the
horses dance in terror, and shoot a curious
bear that blocks the road and delays Uncle
Sam's wails. The drivers make nothing of
such expenences, which to them are no more
thrilling than the commonplace, everyday
experience of plonwing ato breakneck pace
down a steep cafion, where the least sip or
swerve would convert the heavily-loaded stare
coach teomatehweoed on the boulders below
I) isouls the terrifying vision of an electri:
street carthat will send the blood to the hearts
of these ines

is

 

Lelleved to Have Been 0218 Years Old,

Prom the Atlanta Constitution
HUTHERPORUTON, NOC, Nov. 20.0 Mrs. Naney

Hollifeld, oldest woman in the | nited States, died
at her home at Ellenboro, N.C, at 1 o'clock to day
Mrs. Hollifeld did not know her exact age. She re
lated Incidents in her life that took place over a century
ago. ‘There are man: people in this county who are
0 years old, and they all agree that she was, accord
ing to all traces that can be made, i21 years old. She
stated herself that she was over 115, but did not Maow
her exact age,

 

 
   

‘THE GUIDE'S WOLF HUNT,

| 48 ATTEMPT TO PARN B80 TN ROL NTIKS
ON FIVE COURS.

Cunning, Speed and Voractty of the Rig Tim
her Wolves the Home of an Interesting
bamily Kidnappiog of the loung Wolves
and the Feat of Rescuing Them.

Pirietp, Wie, New, 28 —The other man,
anpine, with a rubber pillow nnder hie head,
stored up at the thin blue emoke wreathing
agninet the blackiel gateen of the hemlocks«
and said

“it seems tome, Perey, that vou have rather
end of it alter all You bard
and work bard, but vou are free from worry
There are no telegraphs, telephones and «uns
in this country. You pay no rent bt doubt
if vou pay even a gin license to the State Tren
ury. You get good air and good sleep and
healthful exercise You've @ot to heep sober
nart of the time, becauae you can't wet anything
to drink. Barnng accident, you will live to
be a very old map and feel akittizh up tothe
time when you go You are not badly off ”

"Yasa,’ said the guide, “I like ir but it all
depends on how a man's raised) 1 he's raised
toeat clay, he druther have clay as fat ven'son
Vase! Thev ain’ neo bill e'lectora here, you bet
lhis ain’ healthy fr bill electors They ain’
no telegraphs We @ita th’ mail fom Piftel’
w'en God's willin’, an’ sometimes he ain’ willin’
tr two weels at a jump. Jawy fellers fom
Noo Yawk comes ont in th’ summer an’ worrits
us some, but by th’ time they gits ready t' go
hore we wot ‘em tained so's they'’s wiliin’ 1’
ser efil an’ Jet a man talk wW'at knows how t'
talk. Gutldin’ suita me, | git @2 a day an’
board, an’ I kin stan’ a lot o' ip f'r that much
monev

“Time th’ toe is bere I'll be in Fiffel’ with mos
a hunderd dollars. That's ‘nough U run me
through th’ winter an’, ef {ft don’, spendin’
of it ‘ll @imme such a credick I kin wiggle on
tell spring. I tried fallin’ trees an’ | ferked
” Saw after a man wat falled trees | worked
on th’ drive an’ | been tel'fone f'r th’ drivers
1 carried mail on foot over a trail @ hunderd
an’ sixty mile long an’ belly-deep in snow
J been bar-keep at Ub’ north eend o' a wide-
open dance-hall an’ 1 been cook on @ St. Peul
steamboat, were | didn’ do nothin’ fun day-
hight teil dark bul peel pertaters an’ learn good
lunwwidee T'om th’ mate - like guidin’ bes’
they ein’ nothiu’ ( muidin’ cep’ setin’ stil
au’ jerkin’ «a boat an’ Jistenin’ t’ kicks fom
fellers wat don’ know how '' feeab | like
euld.n’ bos’ oansthiok in th’ worl’, ‘cep’ trappin’
au I'll tell you ‘bout trappin’

“Guidin’ you gotter be worrited a leetle bit
truppin’, 80 lung's th’ grub hol's out, you ain’
wot @ keer hr it was winter all th’ time L
wouldn’ do nothin’ but trap. ‘They's Jus’
an’ th’ wlite weeds an’ th’ an‘muls vou ketel
ur don’ ketch it works both ways. You're
your own boss. You don’ have no apple-
headed ijiit, with a gol’ eveglass an’ sideburi
wiiskers tellin’ you ‘Pull this away, Perey"
‘Pull that away, Fergy!’ ‘1 think we'd q@it a
sirike over vonderway, Fergy!’ ‘Git wa leetle
nearer to th’ Ulvpads, Pergy!’ ‘Don’ git eo
clost Voth’ Liy-pads, Fergy!’) Wat t' ell they

the beat hive

yuu

 

mieau by callin’ me Fergy, says [ Uo oin'se’f,
saya J, gits me, anyhow. I’m Mr. Henry
Ferguson, 0° Kee-beck, Canady. Kf thes

Wasnt’ a wane law agin it, I'd kill thirty ur
forty o' them fellers ev'ry summer, Trappin’,
you go were vou please, an’ you eat wien you
please, an’ vou sleep w'en you please, an’ you
du us you durn please, Giidin'’s good ‘nough
trme guidin’ an’ (rappin’, trappin’ an’ guidin’.

“Where’e the money in it’" asked the other
man

“Peltries skunk, mink, otter, fox, wil'eat,
‘coons an’ wolf, They's more money tn wolf
wen you git ‘em, but you don’ git ‘em ev'ry
time you think you eit ‘em. Wolves is got
more sense as ninety-nine an’ a ‘arf men out’ na
a Lundred an’ two, | been in th’ woods f'r
twenty vear an’ | never see a full-growed
wolf ketched but onst, an’ he were bliin’. |
heerd men talk ‘hout ketchin’ ‘em an’ 1 knowed
TY were in front o' a shore liar an’ T hates a
Nar. We git4 our money f'om wolf-pups; th'
eounty clerk pays $6 apiece f'r akelps. You
fin’ th’ nes’ w'en th’ ol’ wolf ain’ there an’ vou
git th’ skelps: vou fin’ it wen she is there an’
vou gotter @it ‘way, fas’. I druther fight a
bull noose scraped ‘long th’ ribs with «a Injun
arrer as a she-wolf wiat comes up wep yo!
th’ pups In th’ baw. You kin dodee a
ee, but you cain’ no more dodge a she-wo'f
as you kin dodge a streak o° litenin’ w'al's
started Gut early in th’ mornin’ t' git youaforas

 

 

gor

 

bien
[ remeniber onst T were o'er in the Te-
fournean Take country after deer rh’
snow were a foot deep an sof’ an’ it weren't
. ol -inebhe hour ten ‘bove zero | were
rife vugon a buck tral wen there ewinwed
in fom th’ right ‘nother sort o° trail wat 1
knowed wel It were wolf, an’ big wolf at
“ rud tel) th" size were qore’n ornare
by the’ length between th’ foot marks. This
wolf, | save to m'se'f, mus’ a been three foor
fwhetth' shoulder Th’ deer had seratched

5s off fore foot ag'in som'p'n an’ hie tracks
leetie rings o' red at th’ aidges. It
were a how trad f'r aroan t’ foller, let alone a
an'mul wiat'’s goto nose t make a p'inter dog
‘shamed o' th’ day Le were borned
“| fallered on at mi’ bes’ licks, doin’ mebbe
ten wile a hour, mebbe twelve, but I didn't
have much hope o gittin’ any deer They
Was a bonter ahead o' ine faster ‘n w'at L were,
Iau’ slow hignut mile we run, first deer,
wolf, then toe} eight milee straight nor-
n' nother wolf track swinged in
tious feller stopped lonwer an’ made a deeper
hole jn th’ snow as th’ first one | knowed tn
A minit o' eo'se wat had a-happed: Th she
wolfistriek Uh’ trad first an’ th’ dog later on, an’
hoth hikin’ like a w'irl¥win' t*
at bouunmped Shore it made me
so how un’er uy fur cap that the sweat rolled
down inter my) eves an’ put “em our
(inst as L slid my snow shoes, five slides t*
th’ secon’, L heerd @ long howl come back out'n
th’ black trees in front. Fifteen minits later,
1 heerd three howls an’ then a dozen barks f’r
aft’ worl likea big dog w' Als got some pleas.
anistread That meant it were all up with Mr,
Deer, 40° T slowed down. | had a gun, yase,
with jus one catterdae init, an’ lL hand'n dos’ no
wolves U speak on i did jus’ as wood creepin'
ne T knowed how, th’ win’ were with me, an’
himeby T raised slow out'n a holler an’ looked
over tis tidge A hundred yards ‘way, showin’
plain on th deer were down, stone
dade, an’ th wolves Was learin’ at bin
Tain’ olf & Miah sees a growed timber
wolf, an’ L took a good look at'en: They was
prodijus Th’ dow mus’ a been tive foot long
f'om nose 1° tail root an’ th’ tail itself would
a measured two foot. More'n a yard high he
stood at th’ shoulder, an’ he weighed not a
ounce uner a hundred an’ ninety peun’ His
pints was black as jet, he were a light @ray
‘long bis back an’ his belly were deep brown
He were w'at I'd calla brindle. His wife were
a leetie smaller an’ her nose were somep'n
sharper, but she were @ monster, too Now,
you gt it inter your hade they weren't nothin’
fox)-lookin’ ‘bout them brutes They were
big an’ heavy set an’ they muzzler was bhint
so blunt they looked like they been sorter
stove in drivin’ ‘em agin deer flanks an’ colts’
th'oats au’ sech things You your eye
equare on a timber wolf wen he don't know
you're lookin’ an’ you'll see th’ game savage
mastuf in him--mastiff an’ bull with mebbe a
dash o' Seoich deer houn'- but you won’ see
ho fox
“LT hada good min’ U gon on’y entteridge
on th’ dog an’ take to a tree, but | remembered
as how th’ ol gal ‘d shore stay with me f'r four
weeks an’ I took my finger off'n th’ trigger
I dunno bow they foun’ out 1 were there
th’ win’ were fom them t' me an’ | didn’ make
a eoun: sometines I thinks a Soll's got seven
senses but of a sudd’n they w'eeled ‘arf-'way
fom toe, With they noses bloody, an’ wizzed
out oo sight) They went so fas’ they was ju-'
two lone gray streaks over th’ snow It'd
took two men t' watch "em one t' say, ‘Here
they come! an’ th’ other t' say: ‘Yonder they
go" Tl went tth’ deer an’ ‘spected it. hey
been al it not more'n ten nunits all tol’, but
it'd sprised vou t' see vat they'd done to it,
Jewear they wasn't two poun’ o' it Ot \' eat,

showed

an’
then

ous’ f then

now (hey was

z h* meat

 

 

snow, th

sel

”

 

Pf thee’d tas 'd Ave minite longer ther would'n
| been fothin’ tat bernes

| were shore mad PT took long ‘nongh te
t kick th loose bide an’ then Tht out after
wolves ft were boun' © ft wee
went I dicen’ have no idee ie taeklin’
min’ von, but fF did wanter to fin’ evt
were they lived bt knowed in reesin they
hada home somew ere. Wolves gite marrit
jue Vke humans, an’ thew stave together year
after vearan’ lovesone ‘nother an bulldaa home
fue’ Tike some humane don't Brodin’ th’ nes
an’ gittin’ pups tno th spring were pur down
inomy book, an’ Trade them «nowshoes shute
so's Vou aethort they were a theayter niger
rou’ doin’ a bnek-an'-wing flon on a sandy
stage oF paid a ‘art dollat Astilan’
an se that dance tla’ ha!

“Th trail were easy thers wolves didn’
have no keer to hide it, cuss em’ wn bo went
by th’ trees «o fas’ they was a solid wall bif-
teen inile an’ a few rod | shutied an’ 1 were jus
gettin’ ready t he Linbered up fr a shore
enough hike wen | eee a clearin’ ahead an’
knowed L were clost t' Letourneau Leake = ‘Ten
secon's later th’ ice showed solid f'om bank 1’
bank. Here th’ trail ewinged crooked 1° 1h’
right an’ kep long th’ Jake fr a‘arf mile Then
It slopped- scopped dade, damrue!-stopped
‘a if they hadn’ never been ne wolves in th’
worl’

“acih’ base o' a hill that rose up fifty vard
l'om th’ lee were a big Loller log. lt were
« Jog tive foot through an’ on'yv th’ rind o at
were lef’, Aginst th’ aidges o' if, an’ stickin’
1 th’ roughness ou its inside, were wray hairy
wolf hairs, in plenty, but it were like a barril
open?t’om eend U eend, an’ they werent vothuy
livin’ inside o' it. Una free U eay i took ine
‘mos’ a hour v' fin’ this out. Nachully, wen
i sew th’ trall <top there ] saya t myse'l, says
1. ‘Then robbers is in there an’ Fergy, tuis
is your time t he good ‘n wise, 1 says. |
waited a jong time, but 1 didn’ heer no stir
an’ gradwaliy | worked iny way up to it au’
looked through They were a heap o' leaves
ear to th’ middle, were th’ dow an’ his wile
been Jayiu’ up, but at th’ fur eend not @ Fan
on i snow, bur auyweres, Atterward |
rick lected they was a fulled tree w'at lay with
its top-eend clost by th’ fur eeud o' th’ log an’
near ity butt wer’ ‘nuther tree an’ ayant that
&# tangle o logs reachin’ down th’ lee an’ Vd
a-knowed ef I'd had sense, that th wolves
made they way t' th’ ice thataway without
Jeavin' no trail, but Jus’ then | were thinkin’
‘bout pups in th’ springan’ | didu’ have to
sense. | stoops down an’ fastens im shoe-
thongs keerful an’ |b liuois baci t eamp

Late in Apert Min back at th’ log, with a
shotgun, fifteen buckshot in each barril, an’
4 sack tied at th’ wouth with buckskin, = |
don’ ‘spect t' keteh either old ‘un at home,
but 1 win’ takin’ no chances. Th’ log'# there
wll right an’ th’ leaves is there, an’ they en’
be slep' in Uo a moril certainty senee tn’ day
ni’ deer Was stoled. Further'n Wat, th’ leaves
been heaped up au’ hollered in th’ middle an’
they 'seight ur nine mallardaigsiu‘en. Wiles
I were on ia’ Luniers peekin’ througb, ui’ ol’
drake an’ ben come waddiin’ up fom th’ lake,
squawkin’ low au’ tellin’ one ‘nuther how good
th’ duck grass was. | didu' have nothin’ but
buckshot, ur i'd @-shot ‘em an’ er ‘em. Auy-
how, pups was wat [ wanted an’ lL wouwd'n
a bad no time f'r elerfunus ef they'd comed
‘tone. | wot alot oo min’, an’ wren | make it
up th’ thing it's made up ‘bout ‘we got U be
betched

They'd moved inter ih’ country th’ pas’
fall a chap nawe Muageerson, fom down “bout
Portage way. He didn’ know a waill-eye pike
f'omasun perch, His biznis were farmin’,
sciunteefle farinin’. He'd had a lot o* manoor
hauled up by th’ railroad at a dollub a ounce
an’ dumped it on a lot o' clearin’s roun’ Lecour-
neait Lake an’ ploughed ft In, ao’s he could ralee
hay, wil’ hay weren't good ‘nough fr him
‘They's one thing, an’ Jus’ one, a growed wolf
never learns an’ that's t' keep ‘way f'om a
ploughed fiel’, ‘speshully ef It's a she foragin®
f'r pups. 1 took rm’ gun an’ bag an’ started
f'r Mugwerson’s flel’s, Th’ f’rst one 1 stmick
showed wolf trall runnin’ straight torrerd th’
south eend o' Long Lake.
th’ right t’ ‘nother fel’ an* a day-older trail
ruunin’ torrerd th’ south eend o
foun’ six o° them flel's afore
dark au’ they all showed ol’ trails p't{ntin’
fu th’ same d'reckshun. Four mile furder
on, atween them flel’<an' th’ lake, were ‘nuther
bit o’ ploughed lan’ w'at Muggerson sowed t'
alfalfv an’ it showed th’ trai!

{ camped there, “hout no fire, an’ nex’
mornin’ aturted on a bee-line, knowin’ that I
had th’ nes’ located t ] weren't
into hiery, ‘cause | wanted th’ sunt’ @it way
up | calkerlated t’ fin’ th’ ol’ lady ‘war fom
home, [t bein’ agin m’ natur t' hunt trouble.
Fall and winter wolves hunts as nights, but
wen a wife's got @ hongery lilter she starts
ontoan' rustlea any time. She gite her sleep
atween jue’ afore day on’ aun-upan’ then she's
goneagain It didn’ make me feel no better w'en
| croased a bit o' sandy road a mile f'om Long
Lake an’ see two wolf trails It meant, o
co'se, that popper were still true an’ were
belpin’ with th’ @rvb gettin’, but | counted ou
doda@in’ ‘em

“Laetie furth'r on LT went down inter a rocky
holler, mebbe twenty foot deep an’ not more'’n
two yards wide = 1 follered it ‘cause | knowed
in reezun th’ den were there Wolves ‘Il
wake a burrer ef they cain*t @it a cave, but
they'll take th’ eave ev'ry time ef they kin
run crost it, an’ it were cave | were lookin’
fr foun’ it all right by some claw scratches
on red rocks near it lt were jus’ aroun’ hole
in th’ side o' th’ holler, ten foot ‘bove th’ bot-
toman’ ‘bout big noughframant’ git through,
T had a balsam to'ch with ine I lighted it
an’ stuck it in, an’ shined th’ inside Th’
cubs was at th’ fur eend, ‘arf ‘sleep an’ ‘bout

then out
they

‘er,

oneal

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  

were there
loug Lake 1

& Tee -Wy ty

three weeks ol, bul they weren't no growed
upa, an’ To went in They was five o' ‘eu
nice fat leetie fellers -an’ | says (' m'se’f,

wen I'd gol ‘em in th sack an’ the’ mouth
tied, | says Uo om 'se’f, saya ts ‘Here's $90 f'r
shore’, says i. an’ T crawled out imimesit

“tt certny makes a hard workin’ man feel
good t' be humpin’ ‘long with ‘$30 hangin’ 1’
his shoulder, an’ | laughed some as 1 went
through th’ woods at adogtrot) | [Tt were on'y
twenty-seven mile U th’ county clerk's office
in Phillipe, an’ 1 ealkeriated t' make it by din-
ner time, Wich, in a wite person's country,
Now, min’ you, Ud « been all
right ef it hadn’ been fr that gun It didn’
weigh nothin’ td lever carry six @una ‘s
not but it made trouble ‘Tree mile fon th’
den Ll crost a deer trail 1) were sinellin’ fresh
—I could ‘mos’ scent ittm'self 1 aaya t' m'self,
th’ deer couldn’ be mure'n two hunderd vard
‘way. Shore, they were a leetle dampness
in th’ tracks were he'd come through a slough
Deer aint no good in th’ spring = | don’ kill
does at to time, an’ a buck's meat then is
stringy an’ rank Howrsomever, they ain’
no fool like a woods fool, onst he's got! bein’
a fool, an’ FE bangs th’ sack Uo a saplin’ nine
foot ‘bove th’ grown’, an’ starts out fr deer

“Mebbe tf! were fifteen minits afore Lower
him an’ took off his hiv’ quarters an’ loped
back t' th’ saplin’ Liseen’ Th’ sagk weren't
there A piece o' th’ buckskin «tring bung
to oth’ saplin’ Heeb, an’ it were eut olean like a
knife had did it) Nehody could a wade me
bilieve as a wolf could jump straight up three
vardan’ cutaskin-lash, butt weredid = Wat'«
more, Lknowed wich one done it) Th popper
done it) They were three marks on th’ grown’
showin’ his take-off fr th’ jump He'd missed
twicet an’ th’ third time were th’ chawm. ‘Th’
las’ take-off were ten foot four an’ a ‘arf inch
fomth’tronko' th’ saplin’. Then he'd grabbed
th’ sack in bis mouth an’ slung it over his shoul-
der an’ gone on ‘bout lis biznie They was
both there, all right. but | could teli he carried
th’ wack fom his deep footmarks It made
me sick ‘Thirty dolluhs' Think o' that, Mr.
Good Feesherniun! = ‘

“ "Tweren t no use t go back Uo th’ boller
} were a bigger fool ‘nh tiushrat in love with a
woode-duck, but | knowed that innch 1 hikes
inter Fiflel an’ UL says 0 Hennessey at th drug
store: ‘Preseripshuns keerfully compouned’
Tways, an’ he says: ‘Vep" saves he, an’ | says,
saya}: ‘Compoun'!  Jate in th’ fall I fin’ that
sack —stumble on it back were th’ mallard
nes’ were in th’ log at Letourneau Lake That
were their fav rite gitaway place. I ketched
many Wolves senve then, but not oe’ (hat fam'‘iy,

is 12 o'clook

1 went a ‘arf-inile

  
 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 

Sometimes I dreama ‘hout them See pune an

th sack an’ th sapli Iirearot o
Ine night ‘Thateth’ reer bet up wadked
roun’ ‘bout 1 oeloet

Ht ie the reneon,” said the other corr ‘
vou «nored eleadily froty hatfepuaet Scot batt
past @ Neo wonder vou sleep with oo
oper Your jaw droops from f

ihgue

nig FLIGHT OF WoONnTOCK

 

Sportemen Having « Good Time amo
Covers on Long Isiand

Deo 1 The 4

teat wood

Lastronr, Lot
has witnes@ed one of the largest (ie!

isto

cock known on Dong Teland in tians veore
And sportarmen are obtaining mood sport ou
consequence. “There is, perhaps, no birdiol whose
hablte a knowledwe ie so requisite to the sur
cesaful porsnit of as the woodoock, and an es
perienced woodeoeck hunter will often Mt

bag where the novice will have failed to sccure
“u single shot
While a few

melon

woodeork reed in ort

during the spring abd summer iaontis the
ereat number continue borth tn tle spel
MuigTation, returning e@arlv in Atigust After

their arrival from the north they may be found
here until cold weather freezes the ground and
prevents their feeding Then they resume
their tight southward, a few individuals con-
tinuing to frequent certain spring holes where
the ground has not yet hecome congealed
Like many aquatic birds the is
slightly nocturnal tn {te habits, and while toost
creatures are asleep the woodeock is ran bling

woodcock

through the dark, directed bye an exquisite
sense of tonch embodied in its long and singu-
larly constructed beak As day dawns if cises

 

from the feeding «round to some height, utter
tog its peculiar call, wheels about at
erable elevation, and then starte off to its doi
teile, which (s always a dry spot in the woods
It remains inactive in ite eovert until door 4
o'clock in the afternoon, when the short autumn
day is drawing to a close, and then returns to
the darkened vales and woodlands to feed

The woodeuck subsists mostly on worms and
grubs, which, through ils acute sense of
combined Witte the extrerne

a consid-

mel

sens bilice of its

beak, io i4 enabled to draw from beneath the
surface of the earth with wlniost unerring
skill But for thie ability to seize a worm at
nearly every thrust of its bub the woodeock
would be in danger of starving, as ot requires
a prodigious quantity of food to sinppl t~

needs. Jn fact the quantity of worms whicl
the bird is capable of devouriue is almost in-
eredible and it pould be a consuunt Liber
any one person to procure such food in sim.
ment quantity for two or three of these birds
Itissaid that an earthen pot siv inches in depth
filled with dirt and worms has heen complerely
emptied during a single night by one bird
The woodeock is considered one of the tost
difficult of birds to bit witha gun. The dait-
culty is not owlug to the quickness aod ir-

that individual birds are #0 variable in theit
mode of flight that the movements of one form
hardly any criterion to those of another. Vert,
when hit, the woodcock succunsbs to a toler-
ably slght wound and, having little tendency
to hide itself, can be readily retrieved

It is said of the woodcock that, where a cer-
tain number {nhabit a copse, that number wil!
alwave remain the same, no matter how many
inuy be shot. The same elrounstance has been
noted of trout, especially those of large size,
and when ove bas been caught the hole it
tenanted will be almost immediately occupied
by another. Jt is supposed that the birds are
paired, and the surviving inate, on diseover-
ing iw bachelorhood, secures another mate

The nest of the woodcock Is a ride affair
composed usually of dry leaves, and ts built
on the ground iu a dry situation. Im this four
ewes are deposited, their color being a buffy

nest be disturbed the mother will remove her
young to another spot, pressing them against
her breast with her lege. Numerous reliable
accounw are given of the parent birds th
carrying their progeny.

—_--

WHITES IN TROPICAL AFRICA,

 

 

‘They Mave Been Increasing at a Rapid Kate
im Hecent Years,

About ten vears ago there were lese than
on white men ving in the Congo Free State
‘There was searcely a merehant among them
and only a few inissionaries, Most of t)
were eniplovyees of the Government and ¢t
were engaged in exploring the new terror:

 

m

 
    

boat hands and workmer The proportion
of deaths among them was appalling und, with
very few exceptions, ther were obliged, every
two or three vears, to take long furlo igh in
more healthful regions

 

The latest statistios willi regard (othe whiios
living Haw he Convo Froe State show that about
1,700 are ecaltered all over the Sale Phe exact
number on Jan. 1 last year was 1.6%. One-

sixth of the entire nisniber live at Boma, the
cipital of the State, Afiv miles up the river
anda large part of the: cre in cliirge of or are
eniploved in the public ofer. About
hundred are living af Malad: hinety miles
up the river, and most of then: are in thetrans-
portation service, for Matadi is the starting
point of the railroad connecting withthe Upper
Congo and here all freight transshipped
between the railroad and the Purcpean steamers
There are neatly astuiny wiillaimenatStantes
Pool as at Boma, for Stanley Poolis the place
where freight in transslipped between the
rai'road and the up-river sieamers
also are the slipyards, where the
are put together and repaired

A large number of State, comimercial and
nissionary stations are now established on cle
upper river and on its tributaries far nor) and
south of the main streain Thus over
whites are now living on the upper river «\ «.
tem above Stanley Pool aud about qo of them |
are really in Central Afrios, for they live from
1,000 to nearly 2,000 1iles from the mouth of
the river. Just about one-half of the wiite
personnel are Belgians and nearly all the i.
ing nations are represented in the reniinder

The increase of whites in the Frenel Congo
territory in also very large This large region
is just north of the Congo Free State.and though
it is officially known as the brenel Congo, an
inportant part of it is tributary toother streaus
flowing to the Atlantic or to Lake Tehad

  

tao

Is

steamers

tm

 

 

Jan. t last 780 whites were living in the French
Congo, of whom five-sevenths were Bren

They are not so generally distributed through
the eounuy @= tn the Congo State, for com.
merciol and missionary stations are met yet
widely distributed ‘The lorwest white pope-
lation is at Brazzaville, a! the headot the jaye
gation on the Ogowe River, several indred
infles from: the ocean Alhout one seventh of

 

the white population are women, whiet is
larger propertion than in the Congo State

a

      

 
 
   

 

Asimall but steady strecam of settlers 4
ing from Gertiany fe Gernia Souths i
Afrion the fisties are nol vers pee
but in TSW: Whites were bung there, of
whom 5 were wornen and ehildrer Fifteen
years ago there were very few whites i that
wrt of Africa, but it is now forming aheid
aster in its development than any o her port
of the German possessions

quewsee eater ome
Wrestled With a Monunraio tion,
From the Denver Republica

GLOKE, Ariz, Nevo 21 Three Tey Kasi
cowboys proved theniselwes victors ina wre
ling contest with the largest mountain lou ever
killed in this vieinity. The men, George Huh

bard, Hardy Schell and \.C Haver, wereriding |
the range near Salome Creek, thiri)y milesnerth

of this point. Schell had the only freuen wu
the party, a rifle, and had only one car ridae
for it.) The cowboys routed ‘he m out of ¢
some rocksand trode afterit, taropmerto!

 

nd}
th a hm

ble Schell tried a 200-vard sho
the lion over, appar uty dead
wt

    

di leet

  

through its neck ree rr and ¢
motnted, to flud the liom had oily been stun
by the shor As they aAppron: hed he eame .
his feet and jumped at Sehell, who knocked

 

him aside with a blow from the burtol tee vith
The enormous cat then Jumped upon Hubbard,
crunching the ruan’s lefi arn and lacertoting
his body with its claws But Hubbard. ahe |
is posse sed of exceptional -ireneth, cane
the beast by the throat anda fron) Coo Seheil
a! the same time seized the bind feet, while
Harer ran in and cut the lions throat with a
small knife. Though the tion undoubted),
had heen weakened by the bulet wound, the
the men considered themselves fortuntate to
ve escaped with their lives. The lion skin
Measures 9 feet 10 inches from tip w tp,

/

white with rusty brown patches. Should the |

in establishing end ofMtcering stations and in |
training the natives for netvice as soldiers, |

and here |

MAN'S

 

WORST LIVING FOR,

MOO TTOPS KITT HOS DRE DS OF THO.

SiVOs POR DEO %
Se Sate One of the Government's Waeeqaita
Shore The Insects Carre Three binde of
beteon for three Kinds of Stakes,
} ‘ he ‘
Woasiineros, N laet night, ala meete
ne National f whoal Sectety, Dr,
C. WStile the Depar seook Agneultur@
ead jee rd ate unearth theory that moee
‘4 aw entire ' thle for the dive
ea bat i ee ee)
gteire rea tee ! tie Cline
bre ‘ edunl woah and economgd
aiid) ‘ the dite Pipe
int dhieeu thy Stiles this more
Ne fhe spoof deaths anneally from
this disease ft Valiout ot world uiist be
rt oned toned ‘ andes, Italy atone
Veraminig abo Po tene ay . while Che nutie
ber of counted by iniilions,
Its econer jopertauee tas be appreciated
When Weta ' y the deaths,
Hut die tere dost t ~~ ®ho are afflieted,
| Fe au tal aticig ious also impore
tant, sinee il ' (oes 4000 30 percent.
vl the troops s caroievery year
I) «ratine I a i was chseovered
» Africa i) leveran, a breneh surgeon.
went ‘ emo ite opresent engaged
at 1) i rot t Pats Tle discowe
re bhooda aanism whiel
he r t ¥ ‘ i helous na to the
we (is ' i has s fhee been rece
omhiszed as i al ‘lt aeed th the genus
Viasiiod hires oa net peciea are
k Wh ooo ‘ tah oul forty-eight
r eit tian That la
Urtian fever, where

 

 

‘The
» hours to come

enuse of tha
=the cause of

nate days

i the

  

 

wilar es. iothoonal fever

' ar vu discovered

0 within two veard
' j life: Wiste ! ‘ al cnt thie
- 6 wulinghv ¢ pliented a direct
bering cipro tt ‘ lart wifeetiond
Tt coniradiots ta popolar ideas rewarding
tie clatial discuss wpa it wall Cake some time ta
COLVtte ihe y thet eo conclusions are
eorre However there os absolutely one
erouud for oy “! The parasite) rune
thar yhoaw double sane thos appears to us
im t » ietiniet Loris Cine ovele ts presenr
in ® blood of the on beww, and is the
chuse dina ‘ [Lhus erescoplg  OVgali-
fer ois Known a hous ial aninwal that is,
tes nod females canocot be distinguished,
The other ovale ts lound ig certain mosquitoes
of the wepus  dnephelos In this stage the
rvisaval sexi and roules and females can
be clearly distinmutshed. The parasite takes
position su the wolloet the nvosquito'’s slomac
and there fori houfewertos Known @@ spore
yorites, Whiel: graduadie work into the glands

of
A pemon st!
Ouly feria

regularity of !ts flight so much as te the fact [ive mate mosquitoes feeding

tniatter ‘]
asexual s
so rapidly

 

 

the tisect

‘Then whenever a imeosquito bites
wleives a lew germs uider the skin,
‘tack hormnan being=,

le Hloes
upon vegetable
heme germs, running through the

4

yearn the bain beinag, reproduc "
t ite ord parasite of tertian
280,000,000, 000) within

  
 
 

 

 

fever pives fe to ou
v dave! tine if we would exterminate,
“ <qulloes must first be
for nopossible for the parasite
nplete work without the ald
ot thie mosquile
j, “While there iar impression thas

 

wer

Toes have «

  

sto do with malaria,
ne

  

erally be wit iotaria is caug

   

 

p either frou) breathing swan aie or drinking
impure water It must therefore be expected
; that the presulis of receat seieutifie investiga.
P tion wall t foubted logically, however,
there {@ only one eg on to the Jaw  thac
malaria is tragsuitted by tmiomjuitoes. Tf a
person ti a certaly stage of malaria should

happen to

he attacked by a biting fiv or some

 

other insect, and that insect should infect
a healthy person with malarial germs, it migh®
develop a case of rajuiara, Such an occurrenchs
however, would be exceptional
“Jt sonnds radial,” continued Dr. Stiles,
‘to assert that the existence of malartal dis
| ensee ix absolutely dependent pon mosqiitoes,
bul the sooner the foet is realized the sooner

) we will we
theoonlv a
) had the sa
eroerit lee

| have a di
but it in me
“T have
giols whe
nkuowh,

 

 

torid of these diseases. Man is not
bina) that has inalaria, but no otler
me malaria found in man. A laree
sof *parrows, swallows and pigeons,
se Which corresponds to malariag
transinissible to tan.”

heard it sugwested that tn some re-
ore mosquitoes are plenty malaria is
and that malaria exists where there

   

are no tosquitoes, but in plenty of places where

Hit @Sist
conditions
} besides t!
HAN Presse
we must |
o heles te
} the merins
have ine
but ff the

Will note

Can vor pro

tuatted by

Stiles was
“This in

 

 

s yellow fever i* unknown, Other
hiust prevail to produce malaria
e presence of man. We must hase
ni forthe disease to develop, second!
ave mosquitoes of the genus om -
ytrancinit the disease, and, third!
Which cause the disease. You enn
juitoes and man in a given lovall
gers ure bot present the disea

ist

 

e that malaria ia not trans
ie ade or by drinking water?" 1)
usked
volves demonstration of the
“it is impossthle te

rins of malaria do

thea
‘plied
the

   

     

 

i On the other hand, it

iopossible to conceive of their

existence ip thea The burden proof res's
spon those whoel Toatioalaria can be tran=-
Conittedby breathing the air without the inter-
ventionoftherosquica Theidea that inalaria
ix transmitted by the air or drinking water ie
pur a theory, without proof back of {1 Wt

) should be recatied that mo hioes fiv at night,
' fienee it | in e to infer thas

hii@tit ar ¢
cHitoes

idea is pre
the diseane

Dr. 1. ¢

' Departiien

where

opinion th

| authorities w

tion of the
s) ternatic

  

 

  
 
 

How Three

Hes
a Port |

otpat ft

«fond ! ving tueident wy

hands

fey ‘

i ‘
in the ad
One tee

Sree

rihued
u

Most

have been

lea! btate

reader tnay

best sight of

are

ma
out by killing off Che mosquitces

 

icthertnore, nio@e

ses ft
henee th

ear
rolthe swamps case

we RWW
viarienht the

> Howard, tue entomologist of the
tof Nuri ture, whe is another
r tells of certain. distriet¢
laria bas been practiodly stamped
He is of th
at boards of health and munteipa
lhe forced toa take up the ques-
extermination of the mosquito ina
manner and thus rid their neighbor-

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

hoods of the cause of this disease. While arrare
that mane. physicians are still s eptieal re-
warding the transmission of malaria br mose-
quitoes, he Ox nh sawn ars campaign Against
the malar quite whieh can he recognize
by those nar ten vite lin Heean be
| detected inthe dark as ¥ as during the das,
His note in sineina thout four tones lower
} than the ordinary tiosquite, a fact that corre.
sponds with the usual ¢ rbution of parts i”
operas, Where the villar save has the bass.
Dr Howard says the wethod of er
terminating: mosquitoes pouring keroe
seneoon the staanar shor where they breed
Phis kills the larvae water andthe
adult feonle when she comes to lay her eggs.
cases Whereitis ing ‘ couse petroleum,
i} nnows placed he water willrapidly
devour (he duesquito larvee
2 ————————)
HOURDING WITH AN FDOT. a

* Bamished Sailore, Shipwrecked t@
India, Were Sustained

/ mn feed wo osiale

Nov 22 Capt) Murrasy
pilot who has followed the
tae doaed visited nearly evrergr
hie bewlobe. is follot intereste

' ' ppenuars ino distant
e parte pated Lhe old piles
{ ob occurred
which he
rer ip. Was wrecked
f Bengsland all han
hone who aneceede
the Jains gia were lost

vwediately sought
thus ipluved
den image which
1) Indian idol,
tebe Dive
tion Was Soon
1 ceore of low
‘ hom carned in hia
divi whieh he placed before
‘ native had
sens and
aad er hungtv
trance visitors
wreedily de-
nded for the
ained
‘ subsisting

the Hindoo

Ch comer ie

! sael

ist ‘ rt

 

 

ThiSe

i Panes ren

na Ga = artes vor oa tha

i Ne ensued,
sresciute
heat an
er oly
captatn
be natives
re them,
they 3
nd Vessel
rt Nut
hivkom,
d here 1 ‘ one ot hie old
counter on far
motnal and
renew their

y I hye

d
oheratine
successful ‘Ur
tors
columne |
be depended uv

ansactions
' liough Ta Sms
© dealer

Legge