+90 See

—

ed

ee

mf

Se

ea PS

 

Ai

i!

— =

Ve

oO

 

! ja the moet Influential mine owner In the erished; but now, owing to

The rae

AUNDAY, PEOEMBER 2,

Sun.

Maberriotioge G) Hall Portpatd
pat -. en no
Al ' aoe
‘AS om 200
j ‘iy ar oo
DAI 7 to,
ro tng
i vee Vor OF
' u +r Crend Hote, and
} ' ‘a | iv des Canuctees
’ ‘ h manaserime for
pubs "we bore cecet arteen returned, iNew
me in ul coten ena s ow

for thal purpor.

}

The Last Buffalo andthe Government, |
py of our esteemed contemporary

the Steux : Journal, of Fort Plerre, |

tia us in detail abour |

outh Dakota, ino
the herd of buiVaie which must now be FF td
as a portion of the Dupree estate. There

aro forty-five head in the herd, s@ no one |
joubt ihe truth of the siatement that

The nucleus

ean
it isthe” large-tin the world.” |
of the herd was captured nea Slim Buttes, |

in 1882 ‘toe great animal that once,
in {ta millions, was one of the glories of |
§inerican continent, indeed it was!
numbered by the millon only a generation |
ago, is now reduced to a few droves |
, civilized barnyard. |
|

the

that

could be inclosed in

 

scarcely any sacrifice would be too
great to preserve this remnant of the
American buffalo, in the hope that the |

utter extinction of the race might be pre- |
vented, Mr. i), F. Camnin, the agent in |
whose hands the herd is placed, thinks |
that if these buffalo were kept for breeding, |
the“ robes and meat sold upon the ordinary ,
markets would make a good income on

the investmen Poss.bly there may be
some wealthy cliizens with @ tusto for
natural history who wonld undertake |

breeding from these buffalo, even at a)
risk of getting less than the star jard rate:
of interest. But it would be preferable
to have them pasa into the hands of an
owner that never dies and never splits his |
property among his heirs

Mr, Caniin’s suggestion that the
eral Government take steps to secure the
herd and place it in the Yellowstone !
Park” is the plan that should finally be
American |

“ Gen-

adopted in the interest of the
people at large.

 

 

'

Krueger's Reception. |
Yesterday morning Pavun KRriéckr eft |
Paria for Cologne with the expressed inten-
tion of requesting the Eniperor WILLIAM
Il. to intereode with the British Govern-
ment on behalf of the Boer commonwealth.
What was the outcome of his visit to the
French canital, and whet reason has Ne
to look for the success of his mission?
There is no doubt that the welcome given
to hr. KnUGex in the metropolis of France
was oxtraordinarily fervent, although it |
might have been supposed that the aus-
tere, devout, Sabbath-keeping burgher |
would be as little sympathetic to the pleas- |
vro-loving Parisians as was a Huguenot |
preacher in the sixteenth century, The
popular enthusiasm which the South ;
African patriot aroused is the more re-
markable because, aldhough in aspect and

warb he js as plain and homely as wes
Frankris, he has none of FRANKLIN'S
philosophy aid) jemaity. He cannot

apeak a word of French, whereas FRaNK-
LIN was able to roake himself understood
after a fashion in that language, Never-

theless, Mr. Kuitcen's reception was in-
comparably more impressive than that
whieh was accorded to FRANKLIN, and,

what may have seemed to him more im-
portant, the feelings of the people were
officially approved by the municipal and
national authorities, The President of
the Republic, M. Lover, hastened to call

 

upon the distinguished visitor; so did
Premier Watbrck-Rovssrac, so did
M. Dercassf, the Minister for Foreign
Affairs. Resolutions expressing ardent
sympathy for the cause of the Loers were
passed by the Paris Municipal Council
by the Chamber of Deputies and by the
Senate. It is understood that Mo Dern-
Cass& gave Mr. KaiGer to understand
that while nder the existingg circum-
stances, Prince conlid not take 1) ini-
Niative ino the wa mediation between

Frglind and the South Afriean commou-

  

  

 

wealths, vet tinove were made hy
Germany, she would not only not oppose
{t, but would give it hearty su
itis, then, toGermany, andtothe grand

son of Queen Vierouta, that Mr haverce
must apneal, and it is for that purpose
that he is going to Berlin, ‘That the Ger
MAN peop ihhongh by temperamen
lesa excitable chan tle French, will give
aocor i greeting to the representaive
of the Transvaal we have no doubt. In
view, however, of the conciliatory attitude
whieh for some time Emperor WriuLrass
has maintained toward England, andi
especially of the reeent) Anglo-German

agreement, we do not believe that he will
Aasiiine of cece of intercessor,
he has reason to believe that such an act
would be consonant with the secret wishes
of the British Government, Three montis
aso it waa taken for grayed in London
that the war in South Africa was practi-
ealiy over, No iilusions of the kind are
any longer entertained. It is now known
that the subingation of the Boer common
wenlths is far from being accomplished
that the competion of the task will tax
all a huge Unitish army
and that the drain of blood and treasure
must wo on for many months, if not for
some years to come. The resumption of
work in the gold mines of the Rand mus!
Me ceferred for an indefinite period: the
npiners have been warned not to return
pling Ohannesbure, lu being impossible to
being jie them with adequate food sup-
in Sout jer the existing conditions, Suet
lord Sark actual and prospective eftuation
regret thet a, it {is not impossible that
“ uncondiuor vd ov - Sean rel
would be glad vanty proclamation of the
wate 100 draal surrender policy, _and
even probable than excuse for modifying |
Keacw and other presraenmne? Ie it not)
out the diMcuity ofS Micnary Hicks-
fiscal burdens which aciers have polnted |
longation of the war w palsiag the great
In connection with thi wacenatte _—
feeler should be noted, whi Pos®:
Dec, 1, was put forward in ple, a curious
of the weightiest financial we on Saturday,
Stahet, one

the unless

the energies of

Kritish metropolis, The State
that the Government recede fre aments
mand of unconditie 5

‘ mal surrend ts de-

through Sir ALPRED MILNER ot d
civilian intermediaries, open negoti. .
with Gen. Borma and Gen De Wen.
approves. the suggestion made by

J. Bo Rehinson, who, next to Mr, Beri

| linpossible

| protected and

Hand district, the enggestion, namely,
that Borna and De Wer should not only
he guarantee! againat Crone fate, hut.
should be invited to talce eeatain the Legia. |
lotive Council that is to be established |
in the new South Afrlean Colonies, The |
Yfotiat adda that even at the outaet the
oora ought not to be excluded from any |
povilewes which can be conceded |
to them. Such a proposal, pu forth ina
sober-rminded noewapaper ind

eate a decited change in the current of
Bngiich public opinion, Tt will bo ob.
served that the publication of the  Statial'e

wate

serra to

atticle ts colneident with the grave news
from the Cane Colony thet a general up
nrsing of t \feikanders ia by no means

‘frikanders, it should
nee the fleld |
a much larger force than that which the
Trausvaal and the Orange Free State were
able collectively to muater

May it not be in the power of Einperor
Witam at this fineture to extricate the
British Government from an awkward
predicament by a friendly suggestion that
it recall the ‘tuneonditional surrender *

ihe

te remembered, could into

| proclamation, and offer through President

KRCOER such terns as shall leave to the
horwhera of the ‘lransvaal aud the Orange
River Colonies soine hope of local self-
government, and thus bring about a quick
cessation of the war In South Afrien?

 

' eovial reform of a kindred nature.

 

   

their induetry
and enterprise, they are bheeoming rich

, and they are destined to form one of the

richest parte of the Union. In no other part

eiwaide

of the Union te the present advancement |

ore rapid than it ie at the South Those
States, accordingly, are now able to attack
an! remove thie heavy masa of \il\leracy
and thie their refutation from
reproach an! bring to thenwelves great
material advantages

Mo obvious ie all thie that we are muir
prised that in a State so enlightened as
Georgia & proposition like that offered
in the memorial of the negroes should
receive a moments con#ieration Georgia

reece

) cannot afford to relegate permanentiv. to

practical barbarism so vast a body ofits
inhabitants, it cannot afford to run emim-
ter to the whole course of civilization;
and we do not believe that it will undertake
the reactionary step

Mr. Cutting's Service.

Not a little injustice or undeserved hard
isuge lias been done to the President of

' the Citizens’ Union Mr. R. Fviton Curtino,

because of his proposing a platforin fot
the next municipal campaign that consists
chiefly of “ municipal ownership of public
utilidies * and “raunicipal inidative and
social betterment,” and political and
lor
this Mr, Curtine is denounced as a marpilot

| among the various political influences that

\ Perilous Georgla Proposition.

We have received a copy of & memo-
rial addressed to the Georgia Legislature
aginst & propoaltion, now before’t and ,
known as the Bell bill, to amend the Con-
stitudon of the State with a view to re
ducing the present free-school privileges
of the negro inhabitants, The memorial
has been proposed by a committee repre- |
sentative of the negroes and is both a tem- ,

' perate and a wel!-argued document,

The theory on which such a reduction |
{s advocated is thac now the expenditure
for the public education of the negroes, |
as compared with the outlay for the whites,
is greater than the proportionate amount
paid by each in taxes, Of course, it is
fallacious, for actually taxes are paid
by all the population, white and black, |
the direct taxpayer being only an agent
in the payment. The tenant and not the
landiord is the taxpayer, the consumer
rather than the producer. That argu- |
ment for cutting down expenditures for
negro achools in Georgia, accordingly, |
hag nothing in it.

In all States and communities the great
masa of the expenditures on public echools
is for the benefit of the children of the,
poorer citizens. Even colleges and uni
versities with private endowments provide
facilities for the higher education which
cost far more than the amount of their
tuition fees, if the distribution of |
the expenditure of taxation generally |
was governed by the theory of the Bell
bill before the Georgia Legislature the
districts of a town would be lighted, paved,
regulated sanitarily ac- |
the relative amounts of the
taxes pald by them, » rich quarters get-
ting much and the poor little, The State
or the community provides hospitals for
the sick, asylums and almshouses for the
crippled and indigent, practically all of
whom come from the ranks of poor people
who pay no taxes directly. The great
expenditure for sanitary regulation ina city
like New York is not among the direct tax-
bru pmong those who contri!nte

cording to

   

7

avers,

| nothing directly in landed or personal

taxes,
The provision of schools by the State

is not based on any mere eleemosynary

theory, but is for self-protection, A civ-

ilived State cannot afford to have its popu-

jation or any large part of it illiterate

or degraded, Not only must it provide

echools for its own welfare, but it must

also compel chiliren to attend them. It

must force its population to learn to read |
and write.

Now there is pecuidar nee! for Georgia and
the Southern States generaliy to enforce edu-
eation on their inhabitant< of both colors,
for the percentage of iiteraey in both
races far exceeds that tn any other part of
the Union or in eivilization as a whole,
in Georgia the pereentage of illiteracy in
1840 among its population of 10 years
of age and over was 30.8 per cent Araong
the native whites it was 16.5 per cent. and
among the negroes 67.3 per cent Come. |
pare this percentage of native white illit-
craey with the percentages in these North-

ern States:

Minos 6 bates New Jersey 27
ndiana ° woes Be | MOR VOIR... 60000 1.4
Kaisas os oecee BO | ONIO......--scvcvecee a5
Massachusetts oo. cee O8 | Pennsylvania 3.5
Michigan 25 | Wisconsin v6 2.3

It wil! be seen, therefore, that Georgia, so
far from reducing its expenditures for
schools, is under the imperative necessity

f increasing them and betvering the teach-
ing or extending the school term, if it would
bring itself up to the prevailing educa-
tonal standard of the Northern Sstates, or
of great and enlightened States of Lurone,
All the public schools of Georgia need
improvement, those for the whites no less
than those for the blacks, but especially
does the credit of the State require that the
awful percentage of ¢7.8 per cent, of negro
iiuteracy shail be reduced, Not only is
ihe reputation of Georgia as a civilized
State concerned, but its positive welfare
is also involved. So vast a mass of igno-
ranee gives to it a barbarous population
listinctly dangorous to any State and its
he ealied civilized is forfeited
eas it Uses Vigorous means to remove
stignia and the menace. What can be done

direction is shown in the instance
iid. where a large former percentage
has been reduced to @ small

title to Une

the

in this
of Ire
of jiiveracy
percentage of lave years,

Phe memoria! to wlueh we have referred
recites facts to show Uiat already in Georgia
the provision of school privileges for the
negroes and the expenditure on them are
less than for the whites, though the
appalling itliteracy among the negroes.
Of the amount expended last year for
teachers’ salaries, 21 per cent, went ,
to negro teachers d only 15 per cent,
of Te public school propertr owned by
eounty boards belongs to negro schools
The whites have S24 schoojhouses, the
blacks only 143. Out of every dollar spent
on common school education, the white |
child gets §0 cents and the negro only 20
Of the school population, 48 per

far

   

a

 

 

 

cents,
cent, are black children.

Now, dismissing al! considerations of
justice, this is bad policy for Georgia. So
far from reducing its expenditures for

schools, it needs to increase them greatly
for both whites and blacks, and more espe.
ciall for the negroes, among Whom the |
exient of illiteracy is so disgraceful and
eo dangerous to a civilized State. That
there has been excuse for the negligence
in the past we do not deny. The Soutbern
‘es came @at of the Civil War impor.

| out for a campaign of

, hope to become substantially one in the ef-

fort to defeat whatever candidate for Mayor
may be nominated by Tammany Hall,

Our feeling is that, instead of doing
harm to the anuu-Tammany movement
Mr. Curtina has realy done well by it.
Iis platform for these nove! outside issucs
has reé@niivened vigorously throughout
all the anti-Tammeny forces the sense of
what it is they are really after. ‘Lheir
purpose becomes the more definite and

desirable merely from its contrast with
the comparatively vague and doubtful
theories that Mr. CutTtina advocates,
Mr. CetTtina has given the reformers

whose thou,.ts lave wandered away per-
haps from the main idea of the campaign
they have undertaken a shake that makes

them at onoe remember whither and for

what they have set out, and how straigiit
and yet how arduous is the road to ir,
He has given them the shock that brings
rambling oratora back to the point of
their address,

The anti-Tammany men know now more

convincediy than ever that they are not!

municipal owner-
ship and such like, but to elect a Mayor
who shall make the government of New
York city more acceptable to the masses
of the people who live in it, whether they
are specially interested in betterment
of the police or in the diminution of tare
or in reform of the general administration
of city affaira,

‘The Revision of the Charter.

The Charter Revision Commission ap- |

pointed by Governor RocseveLit made its
report to the Governor yesterday, and it
is printed this morning.

The term of the Mayor is left at four
years and he remains ineligible for reelec-
tion as under the present Charter, but thera
is given to him the absolute power of re
moving the appointive heads of depart-
ments, who will have no definite term, at
any time, and without trial instead of within
six months after assuming office. Tis
Lange manifestly bs maae tor pur-
pose of fixing responsibility for malad-
ministration upon the executive head of
the citv, who under the existing Charter
can plead immunity on the ground that
he has no power to remove an incompetent
head of a department. The Mayor's
salary will be $15,000 per annum, as now,
and the Comptroller's salary is raised from
$10,000 to $15,000, but the transter tax fees
are teken from the Comptro!'er and covered
into the city treasury.

The Council is abolished and the local
legislature is to consist of but one house,
the Board of Aldertnen, with 123 members,
and with enlarged functions, embracing all

tie

» Vierbkdluwen

 

uavbear

  

  

the Hoard of Fatimate and Apportionment
and the Noard of Aldermen to fia the salary
of every person who drawa pay from the
city of New York, No head of a depart
ment can fic the aalaries of his suborrli-
nates

 

Ropeal of the legislation giving to the!

Ramapo Company special privileges af.
feeting our water eupply ia recommended
The ° four mills provision” of the Davia
law and the salary echedule of teachers
under that atatute are alao virtually con
demned, for their repeal ts recommended,

On the whole, the work of the Charter
Revision Commission seems deserving of
high commendation,

Cigarettes on the Railroad.

Some monthe ago the managers of the
Chicago, Rock Jsland and Pacific railroad
wave notice that cigarette smoking among
ita employees must cease, It was an-
nounced officially that after careful in-
vestigation among the trainmen, tobacco
had been found to be physically, and so
mentally, detrimental, Opinions of emi-
nent physicians were quoted to that effact,
‘the President of the road averred that
from personal investigation he was satis-
fied that the use of cigarettes tended to
“befog the mind and make one IUstless
and careless in the discharge of duty.”
Among all employments, said the Presi-
dent, with reason, a clear brain is especially
needed in that of trainmen Many of the
liock Island trainmen didn't take the new
rule seriously at first, but it was soon dis-
covered that it was meant to be obeyed,
Now the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy
system has published this regulation:

* Tue use of tobacco by employees In or about sta-
on bulldings or on passengers cars is probibited "

This clearly is not, in the first place, to
better the health of the Burlington men,
but to better their manners, Cigarettes
are forbidden only about etation buildings
on on cars frequented by the public; and
the publio will need no professional cer-
tifleates to convince therm that the Bur-
lington ant i-cigaretteschemeis well under-
taken. Smoking on duty of any sort is 4
sign of divided attention, and if thereis an
emblem of indifference to the world in
general and, in particular to the company
present, it is the cigarette left hanging
from the lips-a condition in which it is
so frequently found,

The medical men may debate the sound-
néss of the Rock Island theory that ciga-
rettes are positively injurious to the mind,
but the public knows that the Burlington
theory that cigarette smoking {s ill man-
nerainitself when trainmen bring itin con-
tact with travellers is sound beyond dis-
pute, Other roads will do well to follow
the example set at Burlington,

‘The American Navy can boast that It is great
on sea and land, terra mareque, and the foes
of a standing army will be glad that the goat
of wold and blue butted over the tricolored
mule of West Point. The game at Franklin
lield yesterday was one of the most evenly
fought ever seen in that home of menly struge

aie. It was gicriously won and as gionously
lost It was a pleasure to a amall city.
ful of spectators and an honor to the young

gentiemen of the two services, It is a pleasure

' to every lover of the fighting blood, which,

the legislative powers now exercised by |
various administrative departments, such |

as the Departmenta of Health, Police,
Parks, Fire, Dock and Buildings. The
President of the Board of Aldermen will

be elected by the city at large and the Prea-
dents of the various boroughs will alo have
seats in the board. This amendment is

advocated by practical experience, for it |

ia certain that two legislative bodies for
the city are more obstructive than useful,

The only marked chanwe made in refor-
ence to borough governmen* ia giving to
each borough the control ove* its purely
local improvements. The Departments of
Ilighways and Sewers are abolished and
their functions are transferred to the re-
spective borough Presidents. The Local
Improvement boards of the boroughs are
made more important, and hereafter the
resolution of such a board, if approved by
the borough President and by (ne Board of
Fstimate and Apportionment, will be enough
to warrant the beginning of a local improve-
A bureau of buildinga is to be es-
the offlea of each Borough
President, in line with the same general
view of granting borouga autonomy in
strictly borovgl matters

ment.
tablished in

On the other hand the great adminia-
trative departmenta are further eontral-
ized There is to be aside from = the

er of%eo members of the Board of Health
but one Health Commissioner, and he may
be a physician
The four-healed
is wiped out and there will be but

‘i-partisan Police Board

one Pelica

Commissioner, who wool receive a salary
of $10,600 per annum and who, lke other
department heads, can be removed arbi
trariiy by the Mayor at any moment. This

long been demanded, gener-
ally, by citizens irrespective of party

Vhe control of the elections is given to
a bi-partisan board of four members, two
to be selected from each of the two great
political parties

The constitution cf the

change has

Board of Esti-

mate and Apportionment is altered, for
the Corporation Counsel and the Presi-
dent of tha Department of Taxes and

Assessments lose their scats and the Mayor's
Cabinet will hereafter consist of tae Mayor,
the Comptroller and the President or the
Board of Aldermen elected by the city at
large and the Presidents of the five bor-
ouchs elected by the electors of their sev-
eral boroughs. The Movor, the Comp-
troller and the President of the Board of
Aldermen will each nave three votes, the
Presidents of Manhattan and Brooklyn
two cach, and the Presidents of the lesser
boroughs one vote each, This is a novel

scheme that needs time to justify it.

Two of the great curses of municipal

administration to-day are unnecessary
employees and excessive salaries, both of
which are now under the control of heads

departments.
a Sg commission makes it the duty of

when ail fa said, has largely made and still
protects civilization, to read of the generous
game between the soldiers and the mariners
that guard our native sens, Should tt ever
happen thatthe Hellof War boils in the tropics
or the frozen seas or anywhere else where
American grit is called for, the tatraps of West
Teint and Arnnere'is will be found ‘
the kick with

returning
usurious interest. We know
not what others may think, but as for us we
had rather be SmiTH of the West Polnters and
punters or Reap of the Annapolitans than
even our engelic brother, the Hon) WiLuam
LLoyp GARRISON

A Democratic statesman, the unsuceessfs!
candidate for Prosecuting Attorney of Grundy
county, Missourl, records and accounts for his
public parsimony as follows

“Qwing to the emall chance of heing elected, |

 

| without tyrapoy

luv.

  

  
    

CHURCH AND ATATE,
Their Motarions ay Viewed and Bloqeentty
Deserted Wy a Romen Crthote
To HF Rotor of THe Sew Ste Me nd

Mahon o woe fedora on of the Cathol oe aone

ies Heawage “Thal no co igious tent enall l
requited aa a fieotion te ony off ‘a the
fundamental | «of the laud Now, Mother
Mahon, we Catholes poroet to enforce thie
funsamenta ia We eholl de #0 ae American
itlacus, for ee are Aner! ane frat, last andall
the time

‘it, Mahon apeate “of the Constitutional
dogine of relivious equality of negation
i yuat confess Tam atterty uceble to fellow

Lie sbseure the

auld

Perhaps he meant to
Jie certainly
Heecontiones: “The Comet
noted, with the
Chureh and State, oake the final parting be-
tween Newan! Old World tdeas” | am sure

here
uceceded
tutional provisions

 

Conatitudenal severance of |

 
    

| Whe the tube Thet Meifte to Comeral America

|

 
  

) loot! bingea company,

WRARY WILLIEA PARADIAB.

Never Wrifte Hack.
Prom the New Orleana Timet Democrat
A dood many Cenical American feotvome left
Central America, sald an oMeial of a
and one mood therg
sbout it ja that they never @et back Agun
(he country seems to ault them up to the hilt

dawnt to

(1 have been watehing the tramp travel for

|
!
|
|
|
|

Mr Malion will be sorprised, ond, CF trust elact |

to leary that we Catholios bold that (here isa gen-
ulne union of Chureh ard State in thi. country, I
wll quote Brow nsonon thie sub! cet, aa no writer
has written ao ably aud philosophically on the
relations that exi«r between Church and State.
‘the world knows that Beownson was offen cone
sulted by the immortal Lincoln Here ts what
the great Cathollo writer and reviewer wrote ia
8e7 (Vol, SUIT page i4f) “There ie her@ a
rue union, not unity, of Church and Stute-e
union without which neither the liverty of the
Ciiigen nor the authority of the State has any
solid basis or support. The duty of the Catb-
clic on tha question Is to do hie best te preserve
thisun! n asit ty, aou to eombat every influ-
enow or tendenay hostiie (oit'’ At page 166 he
writes: “But here the union really exists im the
most perfect forin 1 an) able to conceive it.”
Ayala he wriies, page 142) "The State frankly
concee@lesallthet «he was in pastages strug@ing
for There was nothing “hich Gregory VIL,
Innocent TIE, Boniface VILI. and ether great
Popes etraggled for against the German Em-
peora, the Kings of Frince, Aragon end
Mngiand, and the Ita ian repubiics, thar is not
recognized hers by our Republic to be the right
of the ep ritual order. Here the cldantagoniwm
betweeu Chure: and State does notexist. Here
the Church is perfectly free At page 148 he
writes: “There i« nothing that the Church cap
receive from civil society that she has nov in
the United States, acd guaranteed to her by
the whole fo cea the civil Constitution.”

Now, cear reader do you not think that Mr.
Maton is gucity of a heinous sin in telling the
realersof Tuy Sun that t ere is no un.on of
Church and State here an? by implication eug-
gesting thatwe Catholica are not eativfied with
the Constituton of tbe United States? The
reader nay sa) that Mr. Mabon was vot famiiler
with the subject. Well, then, we tay he ought
not to wre en any question unless he is a
complete master of it i Sav Gdvinedly, bsay
dehoer te y that if nom-Catholies oly knew
how dearvy We Catholics jove the Constitution
of our country hey would not even for a mee
Me Charbor Lhe sgBotest sus; tion Of Cathoue
cisioyalty, Why co bt iove (he star spangied
banuer? BecauseLlam tier, Wiyde 1 love ibe
ConsUtution of our Government? Because itis
in perfect harmony with the funuvamental
princlpies aod we jus of Ine constituuon of the
Bb alo or nado.) pb other words, the Vrovidential
coustiiution, Why dollove my country? Be-
caus6 We have liberty wi hour a archy and jaw
Gur reasons way oe selfish,
but no 0 @ cas deny th t they are very cogent,

Mr. Mahon does not te lieve in linking poiuucs
with lap, or the mixing of pollues and res
ligiouw. Every piidosopher trom «be daya of
Prato and Aristote teaches that the science 0.
poltics 's@traunch of ethic. Donoso Cortes
And ot ers nave proved that religion is the basis
of sce ety and politica The prive.pies, saye@
great Catholic writer. On which the State is
founded have their or gin end ground ia the
spiritual order, and ere inse; arabvie from the
poneipies rev aed or affirined by reimien.
Theologic.) princi les are the casi of political
principies. ‘Due oreated universe lea@
whole, d stines but inseperable rom its Creator,
@odaliits parts colere &@ dare essentia, to one
anoluer, Ail basis origin and prototyy ein the
‘Jriine God, etd throughout expresses unity in
Uipiety, ard triphewty in unity, without whieh
there ws no veal Ceing aud bo Lo ual OF Pore

 

   

 

 
 
 
 

   

life, Bvery thing bos its principie, 1reaium ab
ed, Natu @ society is initcal, civil govern-
fimenut is medial, the Churea is teleo-
lowi al, but the ibiee ure only d.s-
tictions e indisoluole Wwoole, It
We Vie Lonas phil hers, We cause
hot sey igc hd poltot Vius IX,
eo dole liad 6 palabon ove doy ragain
Inthe Syllabus ihe same Ponud vurned we

| Ghrected

UWiuntercoitse of the Vaciean at those who dared
teuch thal the best int rest. of the co mon.
Wemth aod political progress absoluiely dee
roaba that Lhumansocie.y shal be mouced and
without vy regatd to relg on,”
(Quanta Cura, ieoem ber, 1s64), Mr. Mabo may
beawo d. prackcai po.itic.an, but he is ceruduiy
bo. awibole.

Mr. Siahon wr tesabout “infecting the poison
ot religious favoror distavor into ) oliieal cons
troversy.' Gf any reader «f the SUN shail
x eda beam of light oO. he above quovaticn l

| shailbe ever grateful vo hla.

did not ‘ blow’ myself for any whiskey, cigars oreven ,

cigarettes, IttewellthatI didnot. When the poiiti-
cal outiook fe brighter and the cear people marifert a
erenter desite for a “change, | may try again, at
whiel time I hope to do better for tie boys, so help
me Gon.”

‘These fine leroies have thetr eweetness, and
only the accursed Triists should be permitted
to “blow” anybody to anything: but a Demo-
cratie candidate should remember that not
whiskey but food, the full dirter pail and net
the cinking eannik.n was the unpardonable
sin to Pryanite } osoms

The next debate between Harvard and Yale

will be debated Dec, 7 and it is not wicked to

) wish that Harvard may bea little more sucvess-

fui than She was this year in the controversy
so loathsome to the Hon. Wititam Liorp
Ganmnison., Yet it may be sald or quoted,
in no unkind sense, that the sons of FLt were
and are sons of Deiat. The rascala are
Lkely tofill the world with surprise; and the
worst thing that can be said about them is

‘what Crartrs Drckens said at the dinner to

the Harvard oarsmen in Enaland about the
Oxfords, that they win too often. Stil, It is
a good fauit, and probably one of which the
young gentiemnen in Cambridge on the Charies
would not be asuamed to be guilty. Yet Mr
Fox s phrase in the days when the “ young
potentate of Wales” was rattiing dice with
Craniit is sat.efactory. Indeed the pleasure
of losing is so mach more unselfish than the
piensure of winning that the truly virtuous
philosopher may be justified In choosing
the former: but there are eo few \irtuous
philosophere.

 

 

Proot may be offered aa an excuse for almost any
sors of arime.—Trddinapats Ser inne,

From the Deruocratic-Popr lst viewpoint,
profit is the main crime and the sign of au vil-

lainies

One brief but lovely moment with a vene-
rated public perforner Once more the white
atoleof the Hoa. SuHiat Tall Bue es down
from the heights of Fame. Once more the
Ifon. GoM Soe Bie stalks mutely on his

' hin 1 could hear

| thes.’

|

Mauon Oontioues: ‘We should seek
further recog. Muon racher by conspleuous fide.-
ity iocivie dites tier | hag gone to
«uurel yesterday evenlug, visit d an od
trend of iuntoe who is @ practical pol.
Clan, eod Trenton looks upon bit
és tus coming statesmed of the Sluts In ibe
ecure fou duterestng conversation tead, ina
era Gdoquent way: “Ll members of GMerent
Cuure @s sought ;ollueal recognition by cone
sp cuous | dedty tocivie duties nd active work
? era. ci ie beiterment@ra hertha vy aid-
(he poulieal progress o: iuen who demiend
to KnOW @ Mae of lig.on belore taking polite 1
action,’ &c. -he iexuua ulehadle laughter of
the Howerie « d4# siz d oy triend Anud
pel of waustier be told me that thestufl—ioy
younmest & y tells me it ts slang for mow —
cou te more thay te. nillion tonsot ovie vir-
tues. ‘The same even ng he accompanied ne
to oyhome; and when we bad arrv dart ihe
trout door he e@s. ed me that the reason of is
\acing hore wih mews, “Some one migut
steal you.’ When 1 had said -oodenigat two
busay, 't delity too vie du-
and toenthe huls and valleys of Penne
sy: anla re erbersted with his laugnt r.

M.. Mahor ought o have Lved in the re-
pubies of Plato, Sit Tho. as M re, Cempas
nella, Warr nation. ort. ecomiuunities of Rovert
Owen atd M.Cabet. U opa@ isthe county for
him to emigrae to. Whatamagniticent Tan-
minty heeler ce would make if be shoud ony
1ollow instructions!

Ith nak lL bave sad enough to show th+ reader
that Mr. Mabon has wiitten o} asur ject which
ne Daa bolt & udied very deepy he has not
erasped the poiney ls ol ours. onstitution, and
he coors nolL UD GeTS'A
npeopwe Hie does to fv mn khNOW ths posi-

of Cathodes oy toe subjects he discusses.
We waut our Constt tional:ights, and we pre
po eto get em by legisituate mean, We want
to make thie Che @reniest country (he wong erer
saw. Weshuidnotre ttill the starry fleg, emi-
bem of @vil aod reigous byerty, hall be
hois ed inevery elty and namie! from Greens
vana’s icy Mounta.ps to the Bieaw Coast of « ape
li_rn

Tu nshall beseen, day after day, the mern-

Mr

 

 
 

ing sun rising breot and beautiful on thet
clean oblaton that ceanseth from ala sin;
and in the V ning as the sunetoks lo rest te

Tour many @et tely
iorer, from tnany a @réceiur spire from con-
vent and cnoilbge turrets sha. ba heard the
sweetsive y soundor the Angeus bel, wh a-

neat ths westeru foils,

 

      
  

   

 

 

per ng to the wrary travelle of raven ond its
peace. Tres ropi fod siw the gros. of
Christ coming forth fron the desert, flowing
wita delet s. teatune pen her ber ved, fair aa
the mon, bright us the sun and terriine as an
army selituarray And t.-¢ e heare tuo
voice of her spowe cleasau n her ears;
“Aric@, Mak aie. thy love, my dove, my
lheautiiulcone,andcore ior now the winter
ips prtard te ron is over ead gone. ‘Tha
| flowers bi ve appeared in our iand, (Le ie tre

has put torth he green f he vines in flow.

 

 

 

  
     

 

   

sneakers " along the verandas of Tine. Once | eT» yiid Lum mh cota rT Whe shied lave, an
he BT died . . beaut fu, one andoome es eho arses, a.
moret , Hon, Wintiam Jon STONE of Missourt Gacy aside wiih ond grant hans the eins
is revealed in his worid-wrapping proportions. | of her bo Guest alive vo ogin beauty fuer
The Kansas City Timea, a strong-pealing crean | Cer! alvouth, with theroles«: her queendon
of trielhearted Bryanity, uses ali it f abou! ber feet, Wi & oe lint of leering
: ’ v 7 Spee cidainetty upon her brow, with a diadem
to celebrate Winiaam Jorn. Heis“anepitome  ypon her head and the seep. io lergrasp, sue
of the agwressive, indomitable Democracy 4 af ho pe re ° bless wit ; e ee
. jasui @ bl ssi Tf amothers love a tree ane
ef Missouri” An epitome! He ts an ene) yori peopie; alwayen queen, bul for ages
eyclojuedia in 16 volumes. He is @ directory | jong a queen 2. bond g#- a que. sitdog in
in a2 He is a complete unabridged dictionary | the d et ee: weep! é " the pou ot tbs
’ i : » ‘ ‘on, as he thovgt of Zon, t in this land
in 64 What says the poet, the Silver Singer | the chalosare brok from her wreis and the
of the Ozarks, the homely bomespun Agr. | fettes torn from jer an lee. che a seein
SINKENZOOPER? Hear that voice of silver: her streng bi, in her beauty, iw her vs aj ais, om
“ i pu ity, an anrge; iniove, oe motoe™ in chastty,
There's some that gits the flesh, and there's some |) a virgen, the robe of tar hbunsul led avi unvercn
thet eit* the bone; upon her beaatecus form, acd fulde,

But the man that €\ts |i ail is ourown BILL SrTone,"*

 

In another part of Tug Sun are given the
reasons for the proposed ( harter amendmenta
introducing @ new system of administration

| into Bellevue Hospital and ita anc lary lostitu-

tions, In. the fewest words the new method
of control would apply to public hospitals,
the consecutive policy under trustee man-
agement that has worked eo well in private
hospitals and in the city hospitals of Boston
and Cincinnati, The changes advocated in-
volve no attack or undue criticism of the ex-
isting arrangement. Can that be improved
by the change proposed? The advocates be-
Meve that it can, and the arguments will,
we believe, be found both interesting and
weighty.

 

guar oan and conservator of a people, great,
glorious and free
CAVSInIcus NBO-C #SAnIPVNsis
TRENTON, Nov. 26

 

Benjamin Marrison Buge Twelve wWirds.

Frem the Cineianatl Eucuirer.

NOMLESVILLA, Ind, Nov. 28.—People who had
ho previous acgualpiance With ¢ex-Presicent Marn-
eon would scarcely have recognized the figure that
boarded @ Monon passenger train et Sheridan this
morning a6 that of @ former President ofthe United
States, The General wore @ short chinchilla over-
coat, a derby hat, golf stockings, a pair of knicker-
bockers, and a liberal sprinkling of mud, gathered on
the farm of Will Coryner, completed the costume.
He had been bunting and carried home with him
twelve quaila, which he killed. He wae accompanied
by Miles Burford, John Bradshaw end Capt Bradea-
all of Sanaegee.

 

|

wiecke |
! McKinley beat Bryan by 5,000 majority,

' they receive but

dthe weniusef the Amer. |

ceveral veara, and It hae afforded me cone
able amusement SBomo of them #erare UL
enough money to pay for @ deck paneer,
yoet of then stow away or go down Aa roust-
aboute When they land they generally drift a
litde distance into the suterior, and that settles
't

In Nicaragua avd Costa Rica eapectally

life is very easy for an able-bodied man who
hat an aversion to working and is het very
particular about hla surroundings Ail he hos
to do lg to marry #4 native woman and settle
down ip some tthe banana of cocun has drove
(i the balance of his daye To ray vertamn

 

 

ow} that is exacuy what
7 s coe numves of Weary Willies from the
T nited

south en

tes
“ot the Mosquito reservatich

*A thoroughbred American trainp, who looked
as if he just stepped out of the pages of
some comio weekly, drifted down there about

| three years ogo and is now enjoying life as a

He managed to annex 4
litth
but

landed geutleman
half-breed wife and with her a scrags)
haneua «rove. It ts not much to look at
abundant to supply the simple needs ©
household. They live in a filthy native hut,
the woman does all the work and the ex-tramp
dreams the happy boure away in a home-made
oocoanut-fibre mmock. He is very solid
with all the neighboring Indians, who have an
indisoriminate reepect for 4 wate akin, and I
suppose they contribute to his support. ny-
™ confided te roe, last tine I saw him,

ow
that he "4 done alick of work since he struck
the country. The vatives make a kind of rum
oyt of wild e, and he gets bolling drunk

inelined
Waeitres Be Fe1 oe S id\ Mio fe for a fellow

who has ridden brake beams and dodged con-
stables throughout the inhospitable States
By advertising the attractions of the country
and supplying transportation we might wet
rid of the tramp incubus altogether

Roman Catholle Papers and Their Readers.

To rue Eptton or Tar StNn~ Str) A cor
respondent in Tar Sun of Nov, 20 asks: “How
much weight bave Catholic papers in infiuenc-
ine the politics of their aubscribers?"’ 1 have
often asked myself the sume question since
the election of McKinley and Roosevelt a few
weeks since. 1 bad read, weekly, éeveral

 

 

 

of these papers during the campatgen, and in- {

variably with disgust for their extreme par-
tisanship when discussing public affaires, ‘Ihe
editors seemed incapable of rising above the
arguments of Tammany cart-tail epellbinders,
paid so much per speech for their stereotyped,
stupld talk.

Because the popular and liberal Archbishop
lreland on his return from Furope just before
election expressed the opinion of the saintly

Roman Pontiff, when sycaking of America, |

which he loves @o well, these one-sided, ix-
norant editors of so-called Catholic sheets

| emptied their vials of wrath on the head o

the great Churchman of st, Paul. It is no
secret that Po
spect for the Western Repubite and its people:
and that being 80, it is but natural he should
have said that he had every reason to believe
that the Catholice in our new possessions would
he treated fairly by the Government at Wash-
ington. Kut for giving expression to the views
of his ecclesiastical superior, the dictionay
was commandeered to prove what abad, wicked
man the great lreland is!

‘Thanks to the trainin
ple, who never hear
January to December, they do their own thinking
and vote independently, a contrary opinion
notwihtbstanding. ‘This ts evident from the
fact quoted by your correspondent—that New
York city, with its million Catholics, gave
Bryan only 80,000 majority. Yet the Catholics
eway from New York city are till more inde
pendent. In the county where this is written
containing a_large elernent who owe spiritual
allewinnce to Rome, and containing 10,000 voters,

of the Catholic peo-

lain that

Catholic A
rom their

hewspare editors com
ndiferent support

co-religionists
find themselves ruisrepresented and called
nm to tie themselves to Tammany’s kite every
four years? The brutal Croker, with bie un-
savory reputation, is held up as a demi-god
and his low-browed heelers are paragons of
all the virtues. Catholic readers are invited
to offer incense at such dirty ahrines as these!

CATHOLIC REPUBLICAN.

SaNnvy Fim, Washington co. N.Y¥., Nov. 30

 

Mr. Finnegan's Iatermational Bars.

From the Chicago Record,

ST. Jonn, N. B., Nov. 27.~The double-ended
barn of Thomas Finnegan tn Monticello, Me.,
has been giving the American customs officers
plenty of troulle for some time back, and has
recently landed Mr. Finnegan in trouble also,
he having to pay a fine to avold Going to jail.

This barn etraddiles the dividing line between

the State of Maine and the Province of New
Hrunswick.
man, but how ma: to raise the crops he
did, to say nothing of woo! and pelts, has heen
a puzzle to the cuncene oncere. They dec.ded
that an investigation should be held as to the
fervility of Mr. Finnegan's farm, They tenok
carety

that one end cf the barn was in Monticello, Me,

and the other in Wilmot town, Province of New ,

Brunswick, Canada. One night when lving in
the bushes on the Canadian side of the line the
officers saw a number of wagons drive up and
discharge a cargo at the Canadian end of the
barn. After the wagons had gone the officers

entered the barn and found Mr. Finnegan i:- ,

dostricusly rolling potato bharrela over the
border. Mr. Finneran waa fined heavily and
the officers will continue to keep an eye on the
capacious barn,

 

The French Peasants and the Saints

TOTHE EDITOR OF THE SUN-~-Sit? “A Catholic”
wrote in Tre SUN the other day, finding fault with
the French peasants because of the honor they show
to the sainta Where does he go to fiiid « remedy?
Ls it to be found by addressing the public?

I will not argue the point with him as to the purity
of the peasants’ worship. I will leave that tn the
hands of the fathers of theChurch, where it belong’s.
If he ts “A Catholle,” he belleves in the communion
of saints, and as the saints stand before God, and
bear the prayers of those peasants would i be reason
pbie to suppose that they would accept honors due to
God? Would they not say, “Lord, lam not worthy,”
and “Please enlighten those peasants, and teach them
to prar?” Then, as God a'lows, and often encourages,
prayers t those saints, is it for us, who have no au-
thority, to start a reform?

Do I hear him say, “We are free men and have a
right to speak our minds?’” Then let us extend the
privilege to the peasants. But are we free to say
anything that comes & our mind’
heard, “Woe unto him from whom scandal cometh?”

Is not this nineteenth century reformer taking the
same mode of attack that was taken by those of the
fifteenth’
the cause by reforming himself?

Is he not an enemy to the Church he claims to be a
ember Could an «remy be mere clever ty bis
mode of attack’ A swotm enemy would be preferable
to such a triend

lo J hear him say that he has travelled a great deal
and seen much that was good and much that was
had, and \tts to dispose of the bad that he has devoted
his iife? The same may be said of « crow,

POUGHKEEPSIE, Now, 20 Prien S. Warp,

ot

 

Complimonts fer the Carlisie Indians,
To THE FEnrron or THe Sv~—Sir: During

the past football season T hare noticed with pleasure |

your prompt condemnation of all unsportemanl'ke
conduct among the college teams, but I have «ren
no praise of clean, gentiemanly playing where tt
certainiy Is due.

Of a the teams that have played this year in the
Tast no eleven can make @ better claim as an agere-
gation of sportsmen than the Carlisie Indians. ‘They
had AS mauy hard games as any other college team,
but aways pub up & good, swift exhibition of clean
footiall, such as every true lover of sport Mkes to
see, and although sometimes defeated, in many tr
stances by thetr gentiemauly conduct and good na
ture, Won applause from the “rooters” of their Oppo-
nents,

\nother thing for whleh they deserve Dearly as
much praise as for clean playing on the field Is the
way they abiced by decisions of the umpire. The
Indians are all right and hare won for themselves
the surety of always baving In the Fast onlookers
who are friendly and well disposed to them.

New HAVEN, Nev. 30, A Spectator

oe eeecneeneneae

A Long Family Name.

‘“. ; From the Mestcan Herald.
me of our Basjue fellow residents in Mexi
bave long and unpronounceabie Damea But the
record long name (a surname) ts.
Errotaberrigorrigoicostacoer hea!
This Marvellous mame means,
of the house above’ won me
The Bisterie name of Iturdide ts also Ben
origin, @Rd means “the read to the fountain”

buti

haa been done |

eall to mind one case on the |

the |

Leo entertains the greatest re- |

pe: ittcal harangues from ;

Is it any wonder, when these |

Mr. Finneran is an industrious ,

measurements and verified the fact .

liave we not:

And like them could he not do more for |

 
   
 

| ALIND POSTMASTER HANTER

ie Aloe Rone « Riere and (ines Afiecr the ¢ ane
at Mithing Time

Poom the Minneapelia Terhune
| Le At eNe, Minn, Nov. a The Wit viilage
| of Lecinaton, on Clear Lake, Le tue ‘
Minn, claire It thaw the only bund 5 sate
in Minnesota, and probably the only one

| the United States

| Fer more thon thirty yeare Miran Powter
hae eerved the people of the vi
rounding country to thelr entire
and nearly all of thie time he haa tee

( He also has a ern) eeneral etore end an

| where be keene the traveller #ho beets a ines

tee wy

tiefact
emtiefaetior

  

Lor niaht's lodeine lle hae a Wonderful mem.
ory and can elwaye tell If there is a jage
jetter for anyone who calls Iie wife

| pon calls of the names when the mal ie dis
tributed and « ietier may le in the ofloe te
two Weeks, bul whoo the proper pares ale
he remembers it fle ean pout hie hand ane
one of the i20 boxes and @ive (ur ' f
owner

In the store he has a more acenrate | nowl

thing ts than a per

edge of win

 

CAT Bee | mikes no diierence wh
for, be oAn put tis band on itil “ .
and Will t.easure ten yards ef calico ora calor
of oll with equal facility, and Y net ‘
a mistake in weighing a nickel’s worth of {
or ade ra worth of suger, Hos hen
been e iivated untilhe knows every one
regular customers by ther vote arid
one of them calis out Luv mall
answers ves or no with as moeh ass
Wo he saw them. Tho reney moiters
| coin and can count if almost as rapla i

person with woo teigit
He keeps several cows and carea for
himself, Bach cow wears a bell and by
| means he finds and drives them up from a lire
; woodland pasture. They seem te realize iar
he ia different trom other people, and norma

 

how much he runs agains: or stumbles ove
them they never move

He ia a wonderful erample of what arma
can do ina business way whe hae lost his sight

“KING OF IN) th1D8.”

The Plight Which Gave That Tiietoa Loung

Main of Philade'pila
From the Phailadelp ia Times
In a sinall dwelling at 1218 Cabot street,
) a little theronghiare running west of ‘Twelfth

étreet, just above Girard avenue, lies a young
man known throughout the length and breadth
of this broad lind as the “King of Invalid» ”
| His throne is abed from which he has not
{ moved for ten year
| As his only companions, his faithful nurse
Miss Carrie Dentry, and hie pet dow, Charl
H. Conrad waits for de th with the knowledy >
| that nothing else can ever release hin fre
his sufferings. Science can offer hin no hope

‘ for hundreds of the most eminent physicians
{have visited his bedside and turned awa
} with a shake of the head
Koeumateid arturitis ts the mare of the

stranwe malady With wiiels he is aMicted, and
1 its effect is the formadion of bone around the
| Joints, rendering them eatremely sensitive and

perfectly motionless  fibows, wrists, knees
tj and ankles are all dislocated and abnormally
enlarged, While the rest of the trunk is emaci-
ated, and trunk and limbs alike contorted and
twisted

It is not ossification pure and simple, as in
this case Conrad's sufferings would be much
leas. Asitis, his whole body is so sensitive that
| the least touch causes excruciating agon)
| His ars are bent inward, the left hand slowly

growing toward the stomach between which

and it a heavy pad of cloth is placed in an effort

to change its course
| Conrad was a strong and athletically-bull
' young man when 21 years old, now ten years
| ago. Exposure brought on rheumatism, and
' this develo; ed into the present malady
| Through his nurse Le is kept in communica-
tion with every chronic invalld in the country,
and by them he has been given the title of the
“King of Invalids.”

| Went Around the Spot.

| From the London King.
| Before Biemarck reconstructed the map of
Eurove, and made a united Germany, a dozen

| little principalities used to annoy travellers
!

| by stom i @ them at their frontiers until they
had asatisied the Custom house demands
A Yankee once had his carriage stopped at the
froutier of a petty prince's country, The
Herr Ober, controieur at the custom house
| came forward, and, much to his indlenation,
‘was recelved in a nonchalant way. ‘he

Yankee was ungentlemanly enough not to
| get out of his carringe or even to take off his

hat. The Herr Cber sharply demanded the
key of the tourtst’s trunks, which his suber-
dinate began handling revahliy.

“Here, hands of,” shouted the Yankee
“1 didn't come from the United States of
America to be controlied by you. Put those
trunks back. J'll_ not go throveh you ato)
Ui turn back. I’m in no hurry and dort
care for losing a day. You're no countrs

 

 

|

 

 

 

You're only aspot. l'ligoaroundyou.” And
he did.
The Responsibility for Vice.
TO THS Enirork oP THR SUN—Sir: If the vice

| crusade be confined to the hounding of poor ‘nate
ments of vice very litt + good will be accomplished
Since the dawn of elyilization those unfortunates
have been execrated, and no crusade can add ary
additiona! tgnominy to thelr condition

| ‘Thelr numbers iil always be governed by the law
of supply and demand. They are sicious, not fer
pleasure but for pay, and as long as pay !s offere!
they will exist somenhere in spite of all regulations
We can govern that vice only by dimtnishing tor
demand, only by eliminating some of Its supporters.

In today’s SUN you show that the neignborhon!
of the Red Light district Is inhabited by hard-work'ne
respectable people. Accordingly, it ls clear that tie
cause of that district's tice is notin the district iteet
but somewhere outside of It. The vice of one regio:
is generally supported by people who live tn another
These supporters are generally safe from the pursu!!
| of crusaders, and even If found out they suffer very

Httie loss of prestize. There Is the diMenulty. Is 1

possible to make the supporter of vice appear In a
| unfavorable a light as his accomp!ice Ifis crime
| ts greater because it has not the excuse of povert

Vile desire ts for the crime itself, Dis Instrument wants
| only money and would be gladtoearo tt in some other

way. FAIR Puay

New YORK, Nov. 30.

Women as Insarance Risks.

From the Medteal F'rantner and Practtttoner.

MoM. Danforth says that the investigation of eta
tistice made by R. Hingston Fox showed that as a
rule the female risks, If as carefully selected, would
_ be even preferable to male applicants, As to the
| dangers incident to the ehild-bearing period, they

are far less important as affecting the insurance risk
' than are those conditions of mental strain and worrs
| incident to business, or the exactions of alcoholic
excesses and dissipations so much more common ip
| the male applicant.
j Tt has been stated that women are more amt than
| men to conceal important facts, but thie the author
'

 

 

   

denies, saying that not a few of the Inteet writers
| on the sublect ascert that women are more likely than
men to eivea truthful anewer to vital questions, The
so-called “moral bazard” of female ineurance ia a
much overrated, If indeed not a purely (maginary,
objection, unwarranted by the experience of ineur-
aAuce companies ip general.
|
‘

 

The Unitartans and the Universalists.
From the Independent.
Among the tarious movements toward Chureh
unio) tuat between the Unitarians and Universaliats
base atiractod considerable notce. It appears, bow
ever, that the (mpuise on the part of the Uniteriane
ie stronger than on that of the other body. While
there are some things in which the two seympathire
there is one radical difference
"Lhe Universaliet’ Chureh has alwaya etood openly
uncgutvoeally and agrressively for a belief in the
divine Sonship and Chiiethood of Jeeus as ert forth
| in the New Testament. On the other hand, the Uni
j tarian Churches, which formerly, under the infuence
; of Channing, #tood on Hiblica! ground in regard to
| thia matter, bave now arifted so far away fr
that at their Notioral Conference in 1804 they ©
amended the constitution of the conference end ite
preanible as to strike out all recogn! tion of the Chriet

} hood of Jesus, and to put the conference t
on @ merely ethical basia. Since that tine the Uni
tarian Church aamite to tte fellowship and to its mas
torates men Who distinetly deny that they are Cnre
tiane

  

ereaiter

 

Declining Birth Rate in France

From the Medical Record
According to the oMclal ctotistice recently pam

 

  

Haled, there were 847, ebiicren born tn Pranee

, in 1890, whieh ia Nearly 160.000 below the already

low average for the past decade. ‘I hiere were 816 258
Geaths reported in 1400

Chinnictee<neeenenee

The Christmas Mel ure’s (9 extremels tereetine

Prom Stephen R. Mallory ’s pauers comes an secount

of the last days of the Confederacy \othony Hope

fesurrects the “Dolly Dialowucs.” Kudyard hip ne
Degina his long story of Indian Life, “him.” Bes des
Qhese features there are contributions from writers
end iDustrators of fame which will be approved |)
every one who reads them