his

  

Sake

   

 

‘

ea aia

&

ig

Sa TS

oo,

tae

a

EaK%, 2x,

VOL. LXXVI.—NO. 8,
DEPOSE SULTAN IN A MONTH
1F HE DOFSN'T ABDICA TE, SAYS

LEADER OF YOUNG TURKS.

His Brother Rashad to Be Put on Throne,
Declares Moutran Pasha—Force If
Necessary but Won't Harm Sultan
—Mundji Bey Cares Naught for Abdul

Nakle Moutran Pasha, the principal
financial backer of the Young Turk move-
ment and an ultra-enthusiast himself,
announced last night at a meeting of
Turkish Liberalists at the Hotel Plaza
that Abdul Hamid II. would be allowed
to rule over the Ottoman Empire one
month more. If the Sultan refuses to
abdicate in that time he will be deposed,

peacefully if possible, forcibly if neces- |

sary, says Moutran Pasha.

«The Sultan is little more than a figure-
head to-day,” said Moutran Pasha
through his friend, N. A. Mokarzel, the
editor of Al Hoda, the Syrian daily. “He
js absolutely in the power of the Turkish
people, who have merely to raise a finger
and he would tumble from the throne.
Abdul Hamid reigns now by sufferance
only. Nobody respects him, nobody will
fight for him, everybody despises him. -

——$—[[—[€$[$—<_[_—[_[_—$—=_$_[_[_—[—[—[_—lIII==S=SEEC*~HC@h———SESSS==E=E=E=EeEeEE——

+ NEW YORK,

x

of the United States, have sent a letter
to that assembly? I think not,. It was
held merely to rejoice in.the granting of
the Constitution, If the Sultan's feeings
were hurt, why the Sultan will have to
make the best of it!

“Anyway,” continued Mundji

Boy

with a slight smile, “I do not expect to
be the next Turkish Ambassador to this

country. I am going back home to
start a newspaper which shall be devoted

to ideas of progress and freedom. |
have not studied American newspapers

for nothing since my stay in this country;
and although I do not approve of all
they say and do, yet something of their
fearlessness and common sense and
liberality is what Turkey needs. Maybe
the next big thing you hear about Mundji
Bey is that he is an editor. :

“No, I am not afraid of personal vio-
lence when I return, Not that much!”
And Mundji Bey snapped his fingers
expressively, “Why should I be harmed?
The Sultan couldn't harm a sick cat.
|Do you see that man in buttons over
there?”

The Turkish Chargé d’Affaires pointed
e an elevator man lounging in front of his

t. °
“Well, that man over there has’about as
much real say as to how the Hotel Waldorf-
Astoria shall be conducted as the present
Sultan has of how Turkey shall be ruled.
He is a man without a vestige of real power.
| He is a detested autocrat, mindful only
of his personal safety. One hundred

 

 

a

 

SCHEME THATMAY FREBTHAW

FRIENDS PROFESS SO T0 INTER-
PRET U. S. COURT ORDER.

Bankruptcy Referce Demands His Pres-
ence in Pittsburg—Sald to Be Part
of Pian to Get Him Out of New York
and Have Insanity Tested Again.

Prrrasura, Sept. 7.—Harry Thaw will
be served to-morrow morning in the
Poughkeepsie jail with an order frem
William R, Blair, referee in bankruptcy at
Pitteburg, with an order to appear in
person before him in Pittsburg next
Friday so his creditors may ask him
questions as to his assets.

The order was made by the referee
in the absence of Judge James Young
of the United States District Court, who
is in Europe. A referee Las this power
in the absence of a United States Judge,
it is said, and the order is supposed to
have force in New York or anywhere
else in the United States.

United States Marshal Stephen Stone
will leave for Poughkeepsie to-morrow
accompanied by Roger O'Mara, the de-
tective who was to-day named trustee for
Thaw and placed under $100,000 bonds.

“However, and this should be made | thousand families have suffered his cruel|, Once in Pennsylvania it is a serious

plain, he is the head of our
successor in name at least of a long line
of Caliphs. For that reason his person
ja sacred, We have decided that the

Sultan shall not be harmed. No bombs |

will be exploded against him, No true
patriot would unsheath a khife against
him. We of the Young Turk party do
not tolerate assassins. There has been
too much of that sort of thing in our
country. But Abdul Hamid will be made
to retire in a month if he refuses to ab-
dicate voluntarily. That much been
decided. :

“His successor,” continued Moutran
Pasha, “will bo his younger brother,
Rashad Effendi, who is 62 years old and
a pronouncad Constitutionalist. Prepa-
rations have been made by our party,
which includes the majority of the army
os well as the principal men in civil life
and the great body of the people, t>
raiss Rashad Effendi to the Sultanate
immediately upon the abdication of his
brother. It is our hope that no blood-
shed will be necessary—though the
Young Turks are ready for any emer-
gency. I hardly se how a drop of blood
could be ‘shed, for the reason that Abdul
Hamid cannot boast to-day of a man
who would protect him at the danger
of physical harm.

“Turkey is not yet ready for a republic.
The venerable Archbishop Yeznig Aba-
houni expressed that sentiment last night
in Carnegie Hall, and I was sorry to hear
that some of the thoughtless hissed him.
We have the utmost respect for the in-
stitution of the monarchy, car
ries, with it the headship of our religious
faith, and because we believe that with a
constitution and .other guarantees of
justice and fair dealing we will be able
to get along very well indeed under our
ancient system of sovereignty. I repeat,
merely, that we Young Turks are abso-
lutely opposed to Abdul Hamid, who has
shown in thirty-two years absolute in-
capacity for rulership. In about one
month he will go—I hardly know where,
but certainly far from the throne.

“Rashad Effendi, whom we will make
the new Sultan, will regenerate Turkish
prestige. Through him wo expect to
pay our just debts—with the necessary
guarantees in time of course--and through
him we believe Turkey will take a place
in the regard of Occidental nations that
ebe has never enjoyed. Rashad Effendi
is a man who has studied European ideas
<f gowernment. He believes thoroughly
in the Occidental idea of pay as you go
and get the worth of your money.

‘With Rashad Effendi on the throne
the soldiers will draw their pay, public
buildings will receive the benefit of
appropriations instead of the harems

and Parisian dealers in gewgaws and)

fripperies. Foreigners in Turkey will

receive the same protection of person |

and property that they obtain in Ger-
many, for instance, or in England or in
France. This is not the dream of a
visionary, but a statement based upon
the actual programme of Rashad Effendi
and the Young Turks all over the empire.
It might be well to say that Sabah Fddin,
& nephew of Abdul Hamid, has been won
to our views and stands ready to assist in
our plan to purify the State.”

Moutran Pasha, who is a young man,
and one of the wealthiest citizens in the
Turkish Empire, with a fortune esti-
mated at $20,000,000, was the moving
spirit of the Young Turke in Paris be-
fore the headquarters of the movement
was transferred to this country. He
owns concessions for railroads and dotk
improvements in Syria and he has con-
tributed very liberally to the peaceful
revolution which forced the Sultan to
grant a constitution.

He has been living in a suite of apart-
ments at the Hotel Plaza, where every
day he receives cablegrams from Con-
stantinople and keeps in touch with the
progress of the Young Turk movement.
He has been the main factor in bringing

faith, the |

persecution. Thousands have been im-
| prisoned, poisoned, sunk in the sea or mur-
; dered by night in the Yildiz Kiosk. His
|motto has been the motto of Louis XV.,
‘ ‘After me the deluge.’ That for the Man!”
And Mundji Bey made his fingers crack
again.

It is Mundji Bey’s idea that the Tur-
key of old has passed away with the
tyranny of Abdul Hamid and has been
succeeded by a regenerated Ottoman
empire. Temples of civilization, of peace
and of brotherhood are to take the place
of the elaughter of innocent human b>-
ings and of brigandage. Great Britain
will regain her influence, the United
States will resume intimate relations,
and the empire will cease to be target for
foreign intrigues, was Mundji Bey's opin-
ion.

“I should like very much,” said Mundiji
Bey, in concluding the interview, “to oor-
rect a misstatenent I saw not long ago
in one of the newspapers. It was to the
effect that the Turkish Parliament is to
be held in the Hamideh Mosque, which
is the Sultan's place of private worship.
Nothing could bs more absurd. The
Turkish Parliament, whidh will convene
on November 14 next, will meet in the
Department of Justice, which is di-
rectly opposite the Mosque of St. Sophia.”

WOMAN CLIMBS HUASCARAN.

 

Miss Peck Conquers Peru's 26,000 Feot
Sammit—Guide Frestbitten.
Special Cadle Despatch t Bus Sun.

Lima, Peru, Sept 7.—Mies Annie §.
Peck has srccesded ‘in yeaching the sum-
mit of Mount Huascarnn, estimated to
be a height of 26,000 feet.
One of her Swiss. guides will lose a
hand and both feet, which were frozen
and developed gangrene.

Miss Peck, who hails from Providence,
R. I., has been trying to climb Huascaran
for years. She began her mountaineering
career in Greece, where she sojourned as
a student of the American school at
Athens after graduating from the Uni-
versity of Michigan. She got so easily
to the summits of Hymettus and Pente-
ticus that she determined to climb some
|real mountains. She began with the
|Matterhorn and achieved it, being tne
first woman ever to set foot on it.
| In June, 1903, she left New York to
jascend Mount Sorata, 25,000 feet high,
jin the northern part of Bolivia. She was
| successful. Her next attempt was made
on Huascaran in 1006. During July and
| August of that year she made two at-
tempts to climb the mountain, which
rises from the valley of Huailas, in Peru,
and is said to be the loftiest peak of the
Andes. She reached an altitude of 17,500
fect on her first attempt, but was forced
to forego a further ascent because of the
| refusal of her Indian guides to accom-
|pany her farther. Later she reached
| 18,000 feet.

In August of this year she notified the
world by means of a system of signalling
| that she had attained a height of 25,000
| feet on the slopes of Huascaran, which
| beat the previous highest up record by

1,200 feet.
Among other feats she has climbed to

the top of Orizaba, Mexico, a height of
18,600 feet. She also climbed to Cloud's
Rest, the highest peak in the Yosemite.
She has spent the night on the top of
Mount Shasta, 14,440 feet, sleeping in the
snow.

CROWDED CARS IN COLLISION.
Seven Persons Injured In a Smash at
Yonkers—Women Hysterical.

Yonxers, Sept. 7.—In a head on ocol-
lision between two trolley cars on Yonkers

 

 

avenue near Seminary avenue this after- |
noon seven persons were injured. The

accident was the result of a misunder-
standing in stopping on switches, occa-
sioned by the placing of additional cars
on the line to accommodate the Labor

together the various discordant racial! | Day crowds.

ich should have waited on a

“ems jn the Ottoman Empire a.
Mundji Bey, Consul-G enera! of Tite ey | switch feet east on Seminary avenue
at New York, and the Chargé d' Affaires at | passed on and in running an abrupt turn

Washington, could not attend the confer-
ence last night at the Plaza because of an
important engagement. At the Waldorf-
Astoria, where Mundji Bey lives, he said
yesterday afternoon that he was not at
all worried about the consequences to
himself of the speech he made Sunday
night at Carnegie Hall in which he re-
ferred to the Sultan as a tyrant who had
ground Turkey under his feet for thirty
years. Some in the audience were swift
to criticise Mundji Bey for that speech,
holding that he was not only a trade
agent between Turkey and the United
States, but as Chargé d' Affaires at Wash-
ington the personal representative of
4).dul Hamid.

“The Sultan? Faugh!” said Mundji Bey
yesterday. “When I spoke at Carnegie
Hall, although I mentioned no names,

I referred to the man, not the head of
tue State, I consider myself not the
rersonal representative of Abdul Hamid
but of the whole Ottoman Empire, and
What IT said in Carnegie Hall represents,

I think, the views of 80,000,000 people.

| Vernon, arms cut;

‘a short distance from the switch crashed
linto a crowded car bound for Yonkers
The cars met so suddenty that the motor-
men, John MecDaniels and Chester

/ Buchanan, had not an instant in which
‘to apply their brakes before the crash

; came,

| McDaniels's car was derailed and badly |
Hermaied:

| back nto their cars, but beyond being |
stunned were not injured. There was

|wild excitement among the passenge

| of the cars, both of which were crowded |

ito the limit. In McDaniels's car in par-

ticular there was a tumultuous scene, as
it appeared that the car was about to

|

Both motormen were thrown |

question in some minds whether Harry

Thaw will ever set foot in New York again.

There are those close to Thaw who main-

tain that this order is the beginning of

the end of New York's authority over

Thaw. There is arumor that once he isin

this State his relatives will start friendly

litigatiap as to his sanity, his right to fight

a petition in bankruptoy, &0., which some

say would put the matter into the hands of

the United States court.

Should it be decided by the United
States Court that he is sane, his discharge
here, they say, might follow, and his
friends profess to believe that he would
be considered insane only by the courts
of New York, and that it would be com-
paratively easy for him to keep out-
side the jurisdiction of the New York
courts. Be this as it may, there is evi-
dence that the order for his appearance
here was certainly only oneof a series of
moves long since and planned,
it is said, by David T. Watson, the attor-
ney of Alaskan boundary fame.

The hearing in Ihaw's bankruptcy case
was called this morning and had pro-
ceeded as far as the naming of O’Mara as
trustee when an obsoure local attorney,
representing Horatio N. Bain, a restau-
rant keeper of Poughkeepsie, rose and
asserted his right to question the bank-
rupt in the case regarding his liabilities,
&o. Thaw, of course, was not in court,
and after some conferring with attor-
neys Referee Blair announced that he
would promulgate a formal order calling
Thaw to Pitteburg to meet with his credi-
sore, 08 PO’ Friday. The order was sent
to proper guthorities in Bouthern
New York to-night and will be served on
Thaw to-morrow. The official order of
Referee Blair reads as follows:

“In the District Court of the United States
for the Western District of Penn-
sylvania.

“In the matter of Harry Kendall Thaw,

bankrupt:

“At the city of Pittsburg, in said dis-
trict, this 7th day of September, 1908,
on the application of W. C. Boyd, at-
torney for Horatio N. Bain, a oreditor
of the said bankrupt, it is ordered that
the said bankrupt attend before the
Hon. William R. Blair, one of the referees
in bankruptcy of this court, at Pitts- |

burg, on the 11th day of September, 1908,
pe 10 o'clock in the forenoon, to submit |
|to examination under the acts of Con- |
grees relating to bankruptcy, and that
a copy of this order be delivered to him,
the said bankrupt, forthwith, |

“WiLiiaM R. Buair.

: “Referee on Bankruptcy.” |
That Mrs. William Thaw and Alice, |
formerly Countess of Yarmouth, are)
on their way from Europe and will reach |
| Pittsburg on or before noxt Friday, |

}
|

is a rumor abroad here to-night. Itis said
that the mother has been behind the
|work of bringing Harry into Pennsyl- |
vania.

| One of Thaw's close friends here to-
| night admitted that they did not expect
| to get the young man outside the State of
| New York without a protest, but that
{the matter had been so well handled |
| that there did not seem any chance for’
| blocking the game now. |
| Povonkerpsir, Sept. 7.—Harry Thaw
said to-day that he was not sure that he
would go to Pittsburg for a hearing in
| the bankruptcy case on Friday next.
eee I am taken there,” he said to-day,
'“I shall be back in time for the trial at
| White Plains. Both Mr. Morschauser
‘and I have given our word that I shall
|be on hand.”

| BANK WILL OFFER THE CASH. |

|
| Cosmopolitan of Pittsburg Proposes to
Prove Its Solvency— Examiner to Resign.
PitrspurG, Sept. 7.—At a meeting of |
the directors of the Cosmopolitan National
| Bank held to-night it was decided to
;make an offer of $250,000 in cash to the
| Comptroller of the Currency at Washing- |
| ton to-morrow for the purpose of redeem- |
|ing outright any security or collateral |
‘to-which Bank._Exsaminer Cunningham
;may have objected and demand that the |
| bank be allowed to reopen at once.
Vioe-President E. A. Kitzmiller said!
|that this course had been decided on
| when it had been shown to the directors
that the Cosmopolitan had on hand in
| cash 100 per cent. of its checking deposits
and that all other deposits were com-
pletely protected by gilt edged bonds.
National Bank Examiner John B. Cun-

 

|ningham, who closed the Cosmopolitan

on Saturday while, it is alleged, he was
intoxicated, made his first public ap-,;
pearance since that date this morning
|at the bank, where in spite of the fact

turn over on its side. Women became | that it was a legal holiday he spent most

hysterical and some of them fainted |
| he most seriously injured are George |

| Sex. ae 225 ep . f ree yookers,
cuts about the face; Mrs. Joseph Atkin-
{son, 201 Franklin avenue, Mount Vernon,
cuts on chin and neck; Mre Catherine
Kraunlann, 10 Ashburton avenuo, Yon-
kers, arms cut and wrenched, Mies Edith
| Nolan, 61 Van Cortlandt Park avenue
| Yonkers, sprained knee and ankle; Hxrol
Anderson, 120 Washington street. Mienint
Alan Spines, New
Rochelle, limbs and face bruised; John J.
| Williame, 141 Prospect avenue, Brooklyn.

“Again, the meeting in Carnegie Hall{ sprained back end arms.

was not a revolutionary meeting,
Wise would Mr, Roosevelt, the President

Other- |
[by

Most of those injured were attended

doctors who were riding on the cars. j resign.

of the ae
He took time, however; to visit several
inawspaper offices to ask them to deny,
that he was drunk when he closed the!
| bank. In all instanoes he was informed |

| that the officials of the bank had charged

him with being drunk and not the papers |
and that they would gladly publish any |
statements to the contrary made by |
others who mime be produced by Mr. |
Cunningham. 0 all which Cunning- |
ham replied: “If I was ever sober in m
life it was when I made the examination.
In several of the newspaper offices
Cunningham sald that it was his inten-|
tion “on account of the notoriety’ ‘|

| Embassy at Washingto

QUEEN AGAINST MISS ELKINS.

 

King Vietor'’s Mother Obdurate, bat Can't
Prevent Abruzzi Bridal.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sux. ;

Panis, Sept. 7.—The Matin'e Turin
correspondent says that the Count of
Turin, brother of the Duke of the Abruzzi,
visited the Queen Mother Margherita re-
cently and begged her to withdraw her
opposition to the marriage of the Duke of
the Abruzzi and Mies Katherine Elkins.

Queen Margherita opposes the marriage
because she thinks the Americans believe
that the Duke of the Abruzzi went to the
United States to seek an heiress, and also
on account of caricatures and arti-
cles in the American newspapers. The
Count of Turin argued long but vainly
to persuade the Queen mother to with-
draw her opposition. Finding that it
was impossible to induce her to change
her opinion he said to her;

“I regret to have to say that my brother
intends to marry Miss Elkins even with-
out your consent.”

The Queen mother was greatly upect
by this statement.

The Count of Turin immediately sent
to Spezzia to communtioate the result
of the interview to his brother, the Duke
of the Abruzzi.

‘When the present grand manwuvres are
finished the Duke will go to the United
States and make final arrangements for
the marriage, which will take place not
later than his thirty-sixth birthday,
January 20, 1009. : /

FARLEY MAY GEf® RED HAT.

Rumor From Rome That He Is a Likely
te fer the Cardinalite.
Cadle Despateh to Tam Sum.

Lonpon, Sept. 7.~The Rome oorre-
spondent of the Globe asys that one of the
candidates most likely to be the recipient
of a Cardinalate at the next consistory
is Archbishop Farley of New York.

At the end of a three hour session
of the Congregation of the Propaganda
to-day it was determined to reject, on
the ground of informality, the list of
candidates for the post of Coadjutor Bishop
of San Francisco, Archbishop Riordan
is to be instructed to have new lists pré-
pared by the irremovable reotors of the
diocese and by the Archbishops of the
United States.

The transfer of the metropolitan see

 

was approved.
tenville of New W
moted to the archdlocese, vice Arch-
bishop Orth, resigned. Vicar-General
Alexander McDonald was made Bishop of
Victoria.

FIRE CALLS TO GENTURY BANK.

Four in an Evening aad Firemen Use Axes
.. +, to Get to Puytmtelier's Cage,

Four times thé Wremen were called into
the Century Bank building at 136, Fifth
avenue last night to put out small fires.
Painters and decorators have been at
work in the bank for the last week deco-
rating the ceiling.

Shortly after 8 o’clock the night watch-
man, Charles Spein, saw flames coming
from a big canvas screen on some scaf-
folding over the paying teller’s desk.

Spein had no key to the bank, which is
guarded by the Holmes system, and
finally found a boy who was sent to the
house of Engine 14 in Eighteenth street.
Two firemen were sent around to the bank
building and were taken to the cellar.

 

 

| They managed with axes to break through
| the flooring and got into the paying teller’s

cage in that way.
After they left Spein saw more of the
canvas afire and they were called back

‘again. A third fire was found on the floor

of the bank later,and an hour later another
fire was discovered in the ,basement
among paint barrels. The entire damage
was about $200.

 

   
  

FOUR DIE IN SWEATSHOP FIRE

THOUSANDS WATCH THE BLAZE
FROM THE BROOKLYN BRIDGE.

 

Incentlarism Suspected—Two Firemen
Hurt by Dropping One Flight Threush
Floor—Bodies ef Victims Unreces-
nizable—Rumors of More in the Ruins

Four persons were burned to death last
night and eeveral others are reported
missing in a fire that gutted the two seven
story buildings from 542 to 648 Water
street and running through to Cherry
street. Two of the bodies were so badly
charred that it was impossible to determine
the sex, and all were beyond identifica-
tion. One of the victims was a middle
aged man and another was a young
woman, Others who worked in the build-
ing, which was occupied principally by
sweatshops, are missing.

The fire started on the second floor
and got going so rapidly that before the
firemen arrived on the first alarm the
flames had spread up through the upper
floors and were shooting from the win-
dows on both the Water and Cherry
street sides. When Chief Croker and
Deputy Chief Guerin rolled up to the soene
a third alarm was immediately tapped in.
The fire had got such a atart that the
firemen had a hard fight to keep itfrom
spreading to the adjoining buildings,
and it looked for s time as if the entire
block was menaced,

The fire ate down to the basement and
shot up through the roof, filling the
air with brands and sending a shower of
sparks over the neighborhood for blocks
around. It was one of the most spec-
tacular fires seen on the lower East Side
in a long time, and for three hours it
raged. Thousands of people stood
on the promenade of the Brooklyn
Bridge and tdok in the sight.

Chief Croker stationed a water tower
on the Water street side and planted
one in front of the Cherry street entrance
and with the new high pressure water
mains working in fine shape and fifteen
engines and three fireboats on hand
thousands and thousands of tons of water
were pumped into the building. It was
a stubborn fire, however, and it wasn't
until after a mighty hard fight that the
firemen began to get the better of it.

There were a dozen or more people in
the building finishing up the day’s work.
The several hundred sweatshop employees
had left half an hour before. The people
who did remain were hemmed in by
flame and smoke and were taken down
the ladders by firemen and the police of
the Madison street station.

The fire started in the north end of
the building at 546 and $0 Bad won
was pretty another
est A pees bia, Brempyr on tee
feet away. Chief Croker and the police
eaid there was something suspicious
about the second fire, and they are not
quite sure that both were not set by an
incendiary. The Fire Marshal has been
ordered to make an investigation.

Cornelius Sullivan, a watchman in a
storehouse across the street, said he
saw twelve men and women at the win-
dows on the third floor, and in the at-
tendant excitement only recalled having
seen two of them carried down the ladders.
One was a young man, Abraham Lie-
bowitz of 15 Rutgers street, and the other
K. Rosenbaum, an aged Hebrew, both of
whom were rescued by Sergt. E. Howe
of the Elizabeth street station, who hap-
pened to be passing the building when
the flames gushed out of the windows.

While ripping up the débris two crews
of ffremen had a narrow escape when the
sixth floor collapsed and all hands shot
down to the fifth floor. Only two of the
firemen were hurt, however, Miller and
Walsh of Truck 18. Both men were carried

| down the ladders to the street by their
| comrades and removed to the Hudson

DELAGRANGE'’S BEST FLIGHT. | street hospital.

Record—3l Minutes tn the Afr.

Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sun.
Panis, Sept. 7.—Leon Delagrange made
another ascent at Issy this morning,

/and mancuvred thirty-one minutes, cov-

ering a distance of about eighteen miles.

He only descended then because his
fuel was oxhausted.

He circled the grounds at Issy seventeen
times at a height of five meters.

It was at first believed that Delagrange |
had eclipsed his own record, but owing
to the fact that bis aeroplane touched
the ground in the courses of the flight

The building was owned by Michael

when they will take part in Harry's case, | pets on Technicality to Make a New| aster of 06 Clinton street, The Hey-

wood ohair factory, which formerly
occupied that site, was destroyed by
fire in 1890. Chief Croker estimated last
night's damage at $150,000.

 

HERE WITH 13 CHILDREN.

Datch Farmer Going to Iowa, Where
There's Room for Them and Others.
The big New Holland-America steam-

ship Rotterdam, in yesterday from Rot-

terdam and Boulogne, carried the largest
number of first and second cabin pas-

| sengers ever brought to this port in a

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1908.—copvrion:, 1008, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

CRUSHING MOORISH DEFEAT.

French Treops at Bou Denib Scatter

20,000 Tribesmen With Heavy Loss.

Cable Despatch to Tam SUN.

Pa Sept. 7.—Five thousand French
troops, comprising the reenforced garrison
of Bou Denib on the Algerian frontier, have
attacked the Moorish troops who had sur-
rounded the fortress and who had made
several attacks on the garrison.

The Moors, who numbered 20,000 men,
suffered a disastrous defeat and were
routed in disorder after ten hours fighting.

A later despatch says the Moors were
formidable only in numbers. The French
artillery made targets of them and mowed
them down oceaselessty. The infantry
did not come in contact, with the Moors.
The French had twenty-two wounded.

cata tpl oaatienaningn

CLEVELAND OLUB NEAR DEATH.

Special Train Carrying Members Hits
Handcoer on Bridge.

CLEVELAND, Sept. 7.—Twenty Cleve-
land ball players, including Manager
Lajoie, were near death early this morn-
ing in a railroad socident,
eSpeeding from Toledo in a épecial
train engaged by Secretary Barnard
after long delay to the regular train a
handcar was hit on the long bridge over
West Bay, near Sandusky, Ohio.

The workmen on the car leaped into
the bay and: the handcar bounded from
the locomotive pilot.

 

 

 

LAUNCH AND 18 MISSING,

Searebers Oct After San Pedro, Cal.,
Fishing Party.
, Sax Pepro, Cal, Sept. 7.—Fifteen
are believed to have been drowned
from the gasolene fishing launch O. K.,
which has been missing since yesterday.
Searching parties have been sent out,
but little hope is entertained, as the launch
was not capable of enduring such weather
as prevailed last night.

 

 

15 DAYS FOR A SPEEDER,

Breoklyn Man Whe Zigzagged His Car
in Yonkers Gets Jalil Sentence.

Yonxers, Sept. 7.—John Hogg of 143
Keap street, Brooklyn, was sentenced
to-day by City Judge Beall to a term
of fifteen days in jail for driving an au-
tomobile in a reckless manner along
Central avehue.

The testimony indicated that Hogg
was under the influence of liquor and
that he ran the auto in a zigzag course
over the avenue, escaping collision with
trolley cars and vehicles by narrow mar-
gins. Hogg admitted operating his car
at an unlawful rate of speed.

He had been convicted of a similar
offence in the same court last June. At
that time Judge Beall suspended sen-
tence, but warned Hogg that if he were
ever brought before him again he would
deal summarily with him.

HIS LAST MARCH.

James Craig of the Highlanders, a South
‘Afriéa Veteran, Dies In Streot.
James Craig of the Gordon Highlanders,
who were marching with the New York
Caledonia Club to their picnic grounds
at Celtic Park yesterday morning, fell
from the ranks dead as the Highlanders,
with bands playing and in full uniform,
swung into Thirty-fourth street from
Fifth avenue. His companions broke
ranks and several bent over him and
found that he was dead. The bands
ceased playing while the Highlanders
stood with bowed heads in groups. The
body was taken to the West Thirtieth

street station.

Craig had served many years with the
Highlanders in South Africa and twice
suffered from sunstroke. He was 46
years old and unmarried. He lived at
$41 West 154th street. There were 135
Highlandera in the procession when
Craig's death broke up the parade.

 

SAYS GRIEF KILLED MERRIAM.

of Naval Captain Blames the
‘ Department.

WasHinoton, Sept. 7.—Capt. G. A.
Merriam, U. 8. N., who died at Ports-
mouth, N. H., last Wednesday of “embo-
lism of the heart after an operation for
appendicitis,” according to the records
of the Navy Department, really died of
a broken heart, according to his widow,
who resides in Washington.

Mrs. Merriam says her husband grieved
because he was relieved of command of
the battleship Missouri on reaching San
Francisco on the alleged ground that his
“discipline was a menace to the navy.”
The transfer was made on the request of
Admiral Sperry.

The Navy Department officers are not
disposed to discuss the complaint of Mrs.
Merriam. They admit that the change

 

it was officially decided that yesterday's | single vessel, and to dispose of their! was made at the request of Admiral

record had not been beaten.

 

In his previous world record flight,
reported yesterday, Delagrange made
15 2-5 miles while remaining in air 20
minutes 53 4-5 seconds

Both these performances exceeded by
some twelve minutes the officially re-
corded flights of Farman and Wright.

RANCHMEN AT OYSTER BAY.

Mode Therc From Oklahoma on Broncos
bat [dn't Want te Sec the President,
OysTER Bay, Sept. 7.—Two of the moat

unusual visitors to the summer capital

this season got here to-day. They were |

W. Nodine and Percy Walker, two ranch

owners from Perry, Okla., who rode here

on the broncos with which they made
the trip from Perry to New York, They
said they were Democrats and for that |
reason didn't care to sce the President, ;

fearing that they might say something
the President wouldn't like and that he

 

 

‘would order them put out.

Walker said that the general opinion
in Oklahoma of President Roosevelt
is that he has had a job lately that re-
quired a watchmaker and that he went
at it like a blacksmith. He said that
Oklahoma would go for Bryan, as the
ranch owners there and in other Western
States are sour on the Administration
because they can't borrow money from
the banks to pay their winter feed bills
as in former years.

EMBASSY. COUNSELOR GOING.

King Fadward Apnroves Transfer of
Esme Willtam Heward From Washington.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.

LonBon, Sept. 7.—The King has ap-
roved the transfer of Esme William
loward, the counselor of the British
n, to a similar

 

post at Vienna. rao

DEWEY'S PURE GRAPE JUICE.
It purifies the blood end is very nourishing.
H.'T, Dewey & Sons Coy, 188 Fulton St, New Fork,

ee

baggage expeditiously Col. John M.

| Bishop, Deputy Surveyor, had 150 in-

spectors on the job, the largest number
ever seen on one pier at one time.

Conspicuous in the throng of second
cabin passengers was the family of Myn-
heer Willem M. Branderhorst, sturdy
Holland farmer folk from the neighbor-
hood of the village of Noordbrabant.
There are fifteen Branderhorsts all told,
including the little thirteen months old
baby boy, Lambertus Marius, who looks
for his age quite capable of supporting
his name. The other boys, whose ages
range from three to fourteen years, are
Gyebert, Willem and Gerrit. The girls,
the eldest eighteen and the youngest two,
are Petronella, Cornelia, Maria, Emma,
Pietje, Gysberta, Maaike, Johanna and
Gerritje.

Mynherr Branderhorst is 43 and his
wife 38. He said he looked upon him-

his wife expected to have four or five |
more children, all to be native Americans.
One he intimated would be here within
a few months. He said he was prosper-
ous on his little farm in Holland, but |
that he did not see how he would have |
enough land to go around when his brood |
grew up and he decided to invest his
all in a farm near Berea, Ia. He said
he could have made a living in Holland |
but that he thought it was too small a|
place to attempt to bring up so many
children in,

Mynherr Branderhorst understands |
very little English, but is well read in
his native tongue and German, and all |

the children above five years can read | p

and write. The larger girls are hand-
some and, like the smaller ones, are
shy and not inclined to talkativeness.
None of the lot has ever been seriously |
sick. Nearly all have flaxen or light
brown hair and blue eyes. They occu-
pied four staterooms.

 

Sperry, but say that Capt. Merriam ac-
quiesced in it and that a letter is on file
in the Department from Mrs. Merriam
in which she said that the Captain was
pleased with his new assignment. :

POPE PRAISES ENGLAND.

Contrasts Her Treatment of Catholics
With “Brutal Force" Prevailing in France.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Rome, Sept. 7.—The Pope, in receiving
800 French pilgrims to-day, compared the
treatment of Roman Catholics in Eag-
land afd France. Alluding to the forth-
coming celebrations in London in connec-
tion with the Eucharistic Congress the
Pope said: ; |

“While the Blessed Sacrament is ex- |
alted in Protestant England and the holy
elements are honored in the streets of her
metropolis, liberty is trampled under foot

| self as a young man and that he and | jn France by the brutal force which serves

those who have declared war upon God
to their country’s detriment.

“May the day never come to France
when, her churches being destroyed, the |
faith will be driven to other countries.” |

Kronprinzessin Cecilie's Fastest East- |
ward Run.

The North German Lloyd steamship
Kronprinzessin Cecilie, which sailed hence
on Tuesday, arrived early yesterday
morning off Plymouth and landed her

ngers in time to rmit them to
eoeeh a train and eat breakfast in London.
It is said that this is the firet time this
has been accomplished by any liner
touching at Channel ports. The Kron-
rinzessin got to Cherbourg about 8
o'clock, ling gors_ bound for |
Paris to take lunch there. Her time to |
Plymouth was 5 days $ hours and 7
minutes, her best run to the oastward
over the short course

 

SUMMER THIRST is delightfully relieved by
Horsford's Acid Phosphate—a delicious beverage |
—auperior to lemonade—an cacellent tonic. Ade |

 Tonspay, Seermnen 8, 1908, te
Fair to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow; light a
- northerly winds, becoming variable. ig

;marching music,

PRICE ‘TWO CENTS, |

ANARCHISTS START A FIGH

BERKMAN AND WOMAN ARRESTs
ED IN COOPER UNION. ©

 

Hisses for Roosevelt, Howls for Hushe
—Blackguardism by Men and W. :
—Ending ef the Unemployed e,:
Which Kelr Hardie Had Wa

Alexander Berkman, the ar
and a young women companion
volunteered the name of Mary Smith
but who the police ssy is a well know!
Red, started more than they coyld fin!
yesterday afternoon at Cooper Uniai
when they stampeded a meeting of thi
unemployed. It looked for a few mi
tutes as if the hundred or so policemel
in the hall would not be able to stag
the uproar of the audience, but at n@
stage of the game was there any Une
certainty that they could handle
two anarchists.

Berkman, Emma Goldman and
other woman, who didn’t appear to bély
over 21 years old, had tried to get off
the speakers’ platform {a little id
before. Dr. Ben Reitman, who likes
be called the King of the Hoboes, thd
man who got up the parade of th
unemployed in Chicago last January
where fifty heads were broken in a riot
that followed, had just read an addressy
presumably his own speech, but at the
conclusion of which he announced
it had been written by Emma Goldm
This announcement was ‘greeted t
hisses and by cheers. A scathing 5
ence to President Roosevelt had
an emphasized polnt. '

Charles Oberwager, former presiden
the Central Federated Union, the nex@
speaker, jumped to his fest. He had
just smashed a man in the eye for passin:
out anarchist literature, ‘i

“The success of this meeting is no
measured by the applause Dr. Reitman
received or the hissing of the name of the
Chief Executive!” shouted Oberwager. |)

Hisses and catcalls drowned the
speaker’s voice. Berkman and the
woman who had been sitting in the body’
of. the audience had moved to the ,
of the hall. ‘ Emma Goldman had left.

“Pull him off—to hell with him!” shou

“Give him the hook!” the woman criéd,,

Then a man who had clashed with Capt,
Shaw of the Fifth street police on
earlier in the afternoon for waving a
flag got into action again with his bann
He was promptly knocked down by @
plain clothes man. Inspector Burfeir yd
and Detectives Connors, Short and Pow
pounced upon Berkman and the womany
The band struck up the “Marseillaise,”
but a large policeman: with red hair diss
couraged this before it got far. "There
Was too..much ppt in the” aidie
ence for singing. Everybody tried te:
get out of his seat at once but was just as
promptly -elammed back by @ hand
policeman. yy

Berkman, who wore a large red rosé,
showed fight and was dragged up the
flight of stairs and thrown into the stree§:
by a husky detective in.much the s
manner that a cat would toss out a ;
The woman was a better fighter. She)
screamed, bit and fought every inch ‘of
the way. Her clothes, which were of%
good quality, were badly disarranged. |

Berkman quieted down once he ;
been thrown into the street, but they
woman began to curse Detectives Short §
and Powers and called them unprintable |
names. wy

James Eads Howe of St. Louis, chair~ |
of the meeting, made a frenzied appeal ®
to the audience to be decent and to be
have. With the assistance of the police, %
who were still slamming folks back into
seats, a semblance of order was brought/s
about. The programme was resumed”
after a long and noisy wait. 3

Several thousand persons found time
to follow Berkman and the woman to the |
Fifth street police station. The latter’ 7
furnished plenty of entertainment. ~She |
fought all the way over. Detectives”
Short and Powers had to carry her acros@)
Third avenue. Lieut. Brenner, who had?
thrown Berkman out of the Manhattan”
Lyceum last May, smashed his fist on™
the desk when the pair were brought in!’

“What's the charge this time?"> he”
roared. %

“Inciting riot,” answered Short. 9

“Good; this is the place for them,” re- 7
plied Brenner. a

“I never have been treated so oute =
rageous. I was brought here in a dis- 5
graceful manner,” shouted Berkman. ‘a

“You've got a hell of a nerve to tall ®
like that. You ought to be brought in’)
on a stretcher,” Brenner snarled. “Fine /
business you're in.” ; ‘

The predigree of the prisoners was 5
taken. Both were charged with inciting |
riot. Berkman said that he was a printer >
and lived at 210 East Thirteenth street. |
The woman said that she had no home, =

“Ah,” retorted Brenner, “I'll dust lodge 7

‘an additional charge of vagrancy against (>

you. Maybe that'll send you to the @
workhouse if the other doesn't.” yo

Berkman didn't move lively after he ©
had been searched and started for the j
cell room. He resisted Detective Con- /
nors, but was jammed up against the
door. ;

“If I had my way about it I'd break ©
your jaw,” the detective said... -

The woman spat at Detective Short,
saying, “Leave me alone, you bum.” Ag

“Better that than a free love advocate,” ||
the detective replied. a

The prisoners will: be arraigned in the /
Yorkville court to-day.

The gathering assembled yesterday at
Lafayette and Duane streets, at the head- |
quarters of the Unemployed and Brother- |
hood Welfare Association A volunteer |
band of Socialist musicians furnished the |
Gen. Bingham fur- ©
nished the police. There were about $00 |»
marchers, who appearei to hive been §
recruited from the Bowery bread lines, 7
and possibly 5,000 persons trailed along 7
behind. There were banners galore. |
Some read: . ee

“New York with all its: glory has no ©
way of taking care of its unemployed."

“We cannot find work, we may rot beg; ©
tut we can and will change these condi-
tions.” ce

The procession moved up Lefayette |
street, but there wasn't much life to it |”

eS

 

| unti} the band struck up the *Marseil- .7

laise” at Bleecker street, within a stone's “|
throw of Police Headquarters. There “4

See

ere eee

ihn See ot

prea an iat oh: ne

oe

i

ee te