* VOL. LXXX.—NO. 841.

 

——_
oo

MEARS FINISHES
RIGHT ON TIME

Reaches “Sun” Office After
Record Breaking Round
the World Trip.

 

 

BIG WELCOME AT TRAIN

 

Grand Central Terminal Re- |
sounds With Cheers |
for Tourist. |

|
TOWN

 

A FAST RUN DOWN

Official Time 35 Daya 21!
Hours 35 Minutes Four-

fifths of a Second.

 

Pee 2 Re em Oe a ae ae Re eS =
Record Globe Trotters |i

John Henry Mears, 1913, New York end
relurn.
Time: 35 days 21 hours 35 minutes 4-5
second.
Left Sun Building July 2, 12:43 A. M.
Arrived Sun Building August 6 at 10:18 4.5
| P.M.

Andre Jager-Schmidt, 1911, Paris and re-
| turn, ofa Transsiberian rou'e.
| Time: 39 days 19 hours 43 minutes 37 4.5
| seconds.
| LeftExcelsior Building, Paris, July 17,1911,
1:18:41 3.5 P.M.
Arriced August 26, 1911, 9:02:19 2-5 A. M.

 

Nellie Bly, 1889-90, New York and return,
cie Mediterranean and Indian Ocean.

Time: 72 days 6 hours 11 minules.

Left New York November 14, 1889.

Arrived New York January 25, 1890.

 

John Henry Mears, the special com-
missioner of THe Evsnino Sun, who left
New York on July 2 on a trip around the
world arrived back in New York last night
with a record that beats by 8 days, 22
hours, 7 minutes and 37 seconds the best
previous time for such a journey. At
exactly 18 minutes and four-fifths of a
second after 10 o’clock he crossed the finish
line in front of THs Sun office, from which
he made his getaway at 12:43 o’clock on
the morning of July 2.

The former..xeserd held by Andre
Jaeger-Schmidt of the Paris Excelsior,
was 89 days, 19 hours 42 minutes and
37 4-5 seconds. Mears’s time was 35 days
21 hours 35 minutes and 4-5 of a second,

‘ He fell behind his achedule time by four-

fifths of a second, This time was lost in
getting through the crowd of friends and
admirers that surrounded him as he left
the Grand Central Terminal.

The reception of the globe girdler at the
Grand Central Terminal, along Broadway
and in Park Row was indicative of the
widespread interest that has been aroused
jn his phenomenal undertaking. Crowds
banked themselves behind ropes on the
concourse floor, along the balcony on the
Vanderbilt avenue side of the bullding and
vutside where the automobile in which
Mears was to make his final dash was
Waiting. A cheer went up as he emerged

om the train platform and it was echoed
in his ears until his car swung into Forty-
second street.

 

Friare Greet Mears.

Abbot John W. Rumsey and a large
delegation of Friars marched to the ter-
minal to meet Mears. Sam Harris, George
Cohan, John Drew, Harrison Fisher and
Ilenry Hutt were among the first tg greet
iim. Mr. Drew went to the train plat-
form and, selzing Mr. Mears by the arm
is he jumped from the train, hurried
through the terminal with him.

The crowd broke over the ropes, how-
ever, as the party hurried up the steps on
the Vanderbilt avenue side, and in some
Mr. Drew was buffeted aside. The
automobile in which Mears was to go to
THe Sun office was held up for a second
r two, The crowd surged forward and
limbed over each other in an effort to
shake the traveller's hand and the ma-
chine was started only after the police
had by strenuous efforts pushed back ine

“eager ones.

The Empire State Express, to catch
which Mears made a sensational run in
the railroad yards outside Buffalo, came
toa stop in the terminal on time to a
tecond, Station Master W. A. Tramer,
not to he behind cther railroad officials
who have been uniformly courteous to
Mears, saw to it that the road's greatest
train should have clear way in the termi-
nal. There was no delay anywhere and
she pounded in on, track 24, in the very
center of the terminal,

Newspaper reporters surrounded Mears
and hurried with him into the concourse.
Forming a wedge, they «nd policemen and
Station attendants hurried for the Van-
Cerbilt avenue exit. Shouts of recogni-
tion and corgzatulation were resounding
from every angle of the big building, but
thers was no time to be lort and the dis-
lance to the automobile was taken on
the run,

Crowd Roars Welcome.

Despite the drissling rain there was a
frowd waiting around the machines and
tvery throat let go with a welcome.
Police Inspector John O'Brien had his
own car and went ahead to clear the way.
Mears was in the secogd car and in a
third was Melvin Adams and C. Arthur
Benjamin, both of whom represent the
American Locomotive Company, and
Other friends of Mears.

The last two cars were sixty horae-
Power Alco touring cars, which were eup-
Dlied through the courtesy of the Amert-
fe) Locomotive Company, Inspector
Rens car shot into Forty-second
treet and darted toward Broadway at

* terrific rate, Sirens and horns warned
—. meeeememneniel

Continuedy om Fourth Page.

 

 

++
PICKS UP $87,000 IN STREET.

Man Finds Securities on Exchange
Place and Retarns Them,

TRENTON, N. J., Aug..6.—While walking
along Exchange place, New York, this
afternoon Ambrose G. Dale of this city
and his brother, Robert G. Dale of New
York, picked up a Package on the side-
walk containing $87,000 in negotiable
securities,

The brothers took the package to the
banking house of Charles D, Barney &
Co. and asked a member of the firm to
assist in finding the owners. It was not
long before the bankers decided who were
the probable owners and a telephone call
to the firm's cashier followed.

“Have you lost any securities?" the
firm's cashier was asked over the tele-
phone,

“Lost any securities? repeated the
cashier. “My God! We've lost a ream
of them.” Half an hour later the pack-
age was in the hands of the owners,
whose identity was not disclosed by
Barney & Co.

Among the contents of the package were
500 shares of Atchison common, 200 of
American Can common, 100 of Utah Cop-
per an a number of certificates of Penn-
sylvanta, Erie first and second preferred
and other stocks, all indorsed to make
them negotiable.

A. G. Dale is general manager of the
International Pottery of this city, and his
brother, R. G. Dale, holds a like Position
with the Andean Trading Company, which
has offices in 49 Wall street, New York.

CURRENT KILLS TWO STUDENTS.

State College Youths Were Working
in Big Power Plant.

HA&.eton, Pa., Aug. 6.—Arthur May
and Walter Fey, members of the juntor
class of electrical engineering at State
College, were killed by electric current
at the big power plant of the Harwood
Electric Company here this afternoon.
Death resulted from coming in contact
with a live wire carrying 25,000 volts
to the Susquehanna Terminals.

The interference with the current so
deranged things that the entire region
ffom Freeland on the north to McAdoo
on the south and the towns of Berwick,
Bloomsburg, Danville, Mahanoy City and
Shenandoah were without current for
fifteen minutes.

SCHOOLBOYS TORTURED
JERSEY INQUIRY SHOWS

Beds With Shackles Found in
Private Reformatory at
Frenchtown,

 

 

 

 

 

Campgen, N. J., Aug. 6.—Edwin RB.
Sparks, Jr., of 1133 Marion street, this
city, has made a complaint to the autpor!-
ties of Hunterdon county, charging that
the private reform school at Frenchtown,
N. J., is the scene of daily outrages upon
young boya and that some of them are
80 badly abused ghat their health is im-
paired.

Assistant Prosecutor George W. Dun-
ham of Hunterdon issued a warrant for
the arrest of Harry 0. Kight, who con-
ducts the Fairview Training School. Yes-
terday he went to investigate conditions
there. Photographs that he took of the
conditions there will be used as evidence
before the Hunterdon county Grand Jury.

Kigm was formerly the secretary of the
Camden Y. M. C. A. For the past five
years he and his wife have conducted this
school and many children have been sent
there,

Assistant Prosecutor Punham says he
found, among other atrocious implements
of torture there, a bed with four shackles
upon it which Kight used to lock the help-
leas victims when they were in need of
that sort of punishment. Dunham dropped
in yeaterday in the absence of the owner
of the achool and the sights he saw there,
he says, wére enough to bring tears to the
eyes of a stoic.

“I saw eleven dirty Nttle ragamuffins
with hardly enough clothes on to keep
the files from their bodies. They were
compelled to help Kight work his farm of
150 acres and cuttihg wood, digging and
drawing water being a part of.the curri-
culum prescribed to make these boys
good.

“At least half the boys had marks and
scars of some sort or another and run-
ning and neglected sores from a scourge
of sand files, Accounts which the boys
gave me of their injuries’ were later
corroborated by the accused man him-
self.”

The school was founded five years ago
and was advertised as a pleasant and
uplifting haven for boys who were not
considered bad enough by the courta to
be sent to a reformatory, and others whose
parents for one reason or another could
not care for them. The school geta $38
weekly for each boy, either from the
parents or the county from which he is
sent.

LEAVES FAREWELL FOR “LESTER’

Young Woman Found Dying of Pol-
aon in Went fide Apartment.

Miss Sidonia Englesmann was found
unconscious, apparently from poison, in
her apartment at 204 West Ninety-fourth
street, ijast night, by the hallboy who had
rung her telephone bell in vain. She had
not been seen since 9 o'clock the previous
evening.

Miss Englesmann is about 30 years old
and very pretty. She has lived alone in
the apartment; which is elegantly fur-
nished, Little was known of her in the
house except that she was musical and
was interested in Christian Science.

No bottle which might have contained
poison was foung. There was this note:

“Daan Lester: God forgive you, I for-
give you. I cannot etand it any longer
and will end it all. I shall be gone then.
Your always and deyoted Sippy."

She was taken to a hospital. Her con-
dition is critical.

TRIPLETS BORN AT BELLEVUE.

Herry Call for Docter Gets Mether
te Hospital in Time.

A hurry up call at the New York Hos-
pital last night for an ambulance sent Dr.
Williams post haste to 335 West Forty-
first street, where he found Mrs. Charlotte
Banks in need of attention,

He took her to Bellevue, A few min-
utes later she gave birth to a seven pound
girl in the receiving room. She was re-
moved to the maternity ward and very
soon gave birth to a second girl. Shortly
after a brother to the two girla was born,
The three children only lived a few hours.

 

 

 

 

 

i a es

rrr ec ee ee

NEW YORK, THURSDAY,

 

WHITMAN WILL RUN |
IN SPITE OF LEADERS

Threats to Name Henry A. Wise
for Mayor Have No Ef-
fect on Him. °

 

 

HOLDS CONFERENCE TO-DAY

 

Offer of Places on County Tick-
ets Expected to Pla-
cate Republicans,

 

Charles 8. Whitthan will not bolt. The
Republican leaders, threatening a revolt
even in the event of Mr. Whitman's con-
sent to run on the fusion ticket for Dis-
trict Attorney—and the indications yea-
terday were that he will do precisely that
—will train their heaviest aftillery on
him to-day in a final effort to induce him
to change his mind. But they have small
hope of success. |

Mr. Whitman's delay in telling how he
stands on the fusion renomination for
District Attorney was explained yesterday
on the ground that he wants to bring to
the fusion cause the bulk of the Republi-
can vote. The temper of the leaders had}
reached such a pitch yesterday that his|
work was difficult. It was thought, how-
ever, that a generous allotment of jobs on!
future fusion slates may do the trick.

“I will make a statement to-morrow,”
Mr. Whitman said. “I hope that by then |
the situation will have been cleared up.” |

Beyond that Mr. Whitman would not
talk.

The Republicans of Brooklyn broke into |
open revolt yesterday. They came out
with a pronouncement against John Pur- |
roy Mitchel and said that Mr. Whitman
was the only anti-Tammany hope. Some
of the members of the Executive Com-
mittee in New York county met last night
to force the same issue.

Since Mr. Whitman returned from
Bretton Wooda he has been trying to
get order out of chaos in the Republican |
ranks. As one of his. friends described |
it yesterday, when he reached New York
he dropped into a seething cauldron.
The Republican leaders, angry at the treat-
ment they had received at the hands of the |
fusioniste, plied him with every argument |
they could command to Induce him to
lead a rebellion.

 

 

 

Henry A. Wise Mentioned.

The last plea assumed the form of a
threat. They said that if Mr. ven |
would not run the temper of the or-

ganization was such that the Repubil-|seven and one-half grain bichloride of |

cans would carry on a lone fight any-
how with another man as the candidate
for Mayor. Some of the leaders named
Henry A, Wise, United Staten Attorney
in thie district up to three months ago,
as the man who would take the nom-
ination of the party for Mavor.

 

AUGUST

 

 

 

Deve wax oF comma. |TOQTING OF MEXIC

&
Priests Testify Againat Mme.

Creapy in Marder Trial. DESCRIBED IN REPORT
Special Cable Deapatch to Tur Sux.

AGEN, Lot-et-Garonne, Aug. When |

the trial of Mme. Alice Crespy, the |
boetess accused of the murder of Abte |
Chassaing, was resumed to-day nineteen |

priests testified that the abbe was tired |

 

Bryan Gets Vivid Story of

, early

of his relations with the woman and was |
glad when he was ordered to go to
another parish. In proof of this they
alleged that he had prepared a sermon,
which he intended to preach at Monta.
struc, that he had bought new boots and
shaving soap and had his clock mended.

Abbe Lachau said that the priest had |

made fun of Mme. Crespy's verses. This
roused the woman to fury and she cried:
“He loved my verses. He once warieg
me against Abbe Lachau, who is @
clown,"

The French courts admit anything as
evidence, leaving it to the jury to dectes.
on the value of the testimony. One wit-
ness gave evidence to-day which may be
summarised in the words: “I affirm that
the unhappy man was assassinated.”
Another who said he had known Mme.
Crespy for a long time limited himself
to saying: “She is incapable of assassina-
tion.” .

TAKES POISON TABLET
TO SHOW PATIENT HOW

Doctor Swallows Bichloride of
Mercury, Mistaking It
for Medicine.

 

 

 

Dr. Thomas C. McNamara, nerve ape-
clalist, who has an office and sanitartum
at 613 Hudson street, Hoboken, swallowed
a bichloride of mercury tablet which one
of his patients sald he could not take,
yesterday according to Dr. J. ¢c.
Farr, who attended him at St. Mary's
Hospital. It is said that he will recover.

Edward McNamara, a cousin, visited
the doctor on Tuesday night and the two
retired about 11 o'clock. Edward com-
plained of a headache an hour later and
asked for an aspirin tablet. Dr.
Namara went downstairs to the office
for the tablet and picked up a bottle
where he supposed he had left the as
pirin.

Edward McNamara said:
this; it's too big.”

“Do !t Ike this,” answered the physi-
clan, and he illustrated by swallowing
one of the tablets. Edward McNamara's
attempts to take one falled and the two
retired again.

Two hours later the doctor awoke cov-
ered with perspiration and with a patn in
his abdomen and a headache. He looked
at the bottle and discovered it contained

“I can't take

mercury tablets,

He was taken to St. Mary’s Hospital by
his cousin and Dr. J. C. Farr and Dr.
William Callery were called. The stomach
Pump was applied and an hour later he
lapsed) Into” semi-cvonactousneas. Other
physicians were called and the pump waa

 

 

Me- |

Crimes Committed by Rebels
in Durango.

|
'

|TOLD BY EYE WITNESS

 

 

Senate Hears Representative
of Carranza—Clark Attacks
Wilson Policy.

 

Secretary of State Bryan received
yesterday the first authentic description
of the looting of the city of Durango
|last June. The account was sent to
the State Department by M. A. Leach
of San Francisco, who was an eye wit-
ness to the sacking of the city by the
rebels and who gives a vivid description
of the trying experiences of the Mexican
‘residents. Urbino, the leader of the
, rebels, declared to the United States
;Consul, Mr. Leach ‘says, that he had
| promised his men twenty-four hours of
| looting without interference and would
| do nothing to stop them before that
period had expired.

In Washington there were two im-
portant developments in the Mexican
tangle. Senator Clark of Wyoming de-
manded a complete inquiry into the
Mexican situation, urging that all the

information in the hands of the State | ‘
the courtesy of thes-Navy Department the first

Department
Senate.
Col, Eduardo Hay, representative of
the Constitutionalists, appeared before
the Senate to urge that the embargo on
| the shipment of arms into Mexico be
lifted. He declared that Gov. Huerta's
Government would be overthrown in
ninety days if this was done.

be placed before

 

| REBELS’ CRIMES DESCRIBED.

American Eye Witness Sends Start-
ling Report to Bryan.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.—The first au-
j}thentic account of what happened when
Mexican rebels sacked the city of Du-
jrango and an illuminating exposition of
the state of affairs in Mexico were latd
to-day before Secretary of State Bryan.
|THE SUN can present herewith substan-
|tlally the equivalent of this statement,
which will be laid before the Senate Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to-morrow

by its writer.

The statement wan written by M. A.
Leach of San Francisco, who has been
{for the last three years in Chihuahua
jand Durango, Mexico. Having lost
everything he owned but his clothing tn
!

 

the a , . 0 rhie 9
Mr. Whitman, his friends said, has! worked at intervals during the remainder © sacking of Durango, of which he was

been an unwilling listener to these eug-!
gestions, He had made up his mind!
when he was in the White Mountains |
not to bolt. He felt that he was bound
out of loyalty to the fusion principle to
support the fusion ticket and to run
again for the District Attorneyship, as
the fusion commfttee asked. His hope
yesterday was that the Republican
leaders would be mollified. The sop held
out to them was another Borough Pres-
{dency and more places on the county
ticket,

The effect of his running on the fusion
ticket was presented to Mr. Whitman as
the utter annihilation of the Republican
party in this town. The leaders, as their
sentiments were described yesterday, feet
that the Progressives in securing the
nomination of John Purroy Mitchel had
jockeyed them off the track. They do
not see how they can hold their county
organisations together unless they make
some show of party fight in the coming
municipal campaign. They would rather
be whipped in an uphill fight than to sub-
mit tamely to Progressive domination.
They would at least succeed, they sald,
in holding their district organizations
together.

The leaders have assured Mr. Whit-
man that he holds in his hands the for-
tunes of 186,000 enrolled Republicans.
Whether there are that number of Re-
publican voters at this time none of the
Republican leaders was willing to assert
positively yesterday, Hut they were sure
that at the end of this campaign their
voting lists would be grievously leas.

Republicans Talk Plainly.

Along with the threat from the leaders
that they would run Henry A. Wise for
Mayor on a ticket of thelr own came as-
surances to Mr. Whitman that he need not
look to the Republican organization for
political preferment hereafter. Some of
the leaders who have been friends of the
District Attorney for many years told
him that if he deserted them now in their
extremity the rank and file would never
be willing to enlist ip a fight for him
again.

The tacit understanding was that
whatever ambitions Mr. Whitman may
have to become Governor of this State
would go py the board if he refused to
lead a Republican ticket in the coming
election.

Republicans who had thelr eyes on
the main chance pressed arguments on
the other side. They said that the May-
oralty was not the only job in New
York worth having. The intimation went
forth that if the Republicans get sufficient
consideration from the fusioniste in other
places on the ticket they will be mollified.
Mr. Whitman's shrewdest advisers said
last night that that ie the idea which will
prevail,

These men said that a fight for a for-
lorn hope might be a glorious thing and
might also keep geome of the organisation
men in training for future battlesa—they
admitted that much—but that the real
benefite came from offices, And offices
the Republicans might hope for if Mr,
Whttman falls in with the fusioniets.

Mr. Whitman had a talk with Norman
Hapgood yesterday afternoon. It is under-
atood that their talk drifted to that very
question of Republican preference in dis-
tributing nominations. @ fusion leaders
have looked askance at the whole Repub-
lican fracas, charging that it amounted
to ttle more than a holdup for other
places on the ticket. The understanding
is that the fusionists are willing to meet

Continued en Second Page.

   
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
   
   
   
  

of the night and morning. We rallied yes-
terday afternoon, and Dr, Farr said last
night that he would recover,

 

OLD TIME HYMNS ATTACKED.

 

 

Organists, in Sesston, Would Stop

“Throw Out the Life Line,’*

be no more “Curly Tail’ hymns, “rag-
time” hymns or “German band hymns”
in any of the church hymnals now tn gen-
eral use if the delegates to the national
convention of organists, in session here,
have their way.

Numerous delegates, under the leader-
ship of Dr. Perey J. Starnes of Atlanta,
Ga,, to-day went on record against the
retention of such hymns. Some of the
Productions of Isaac Watts and Charles
Wesley were criticised) As a matter of
fact, nearly all the old time favorites that
go with a ringle and jingle are placed
under the ban of the organiats.

Dr. Starnes, who acted as chief apokes-
man for the uplift of hymns, asserts the
old time jingles that even an unmusical
soul enjoys are undignified and should
have no place in church music, They
should be consigned to oblivion, he thinks.
One of the hymns he wants consigned to
the depths is “Throw Out the Life Line.”

GIANTS OF OCEAN MEET.

—

Imperator Passes Largest Battleship
on Her Way In.

As the biggest merchantman in the
world, the Hamburg-American liner Im-
perator, came up through the Narrows
yesterday she might have hailed the big-
gest war craft afloat, the Argentine dread-
nought Rivadivia, bound from the Fore
River yards to the navy yard at Brooklyn
to have her hull Inspected and receive a
coat of paint:

Aboard the warship are inspectors of
the Argentine navy and engineers of the
Fore River works. The navy yard dock is
the only one in America large enough to
accommodate the colossal battleship and
that is why she is here. It has taken
three years to bulld the Rivadivia, After
she is groomed she will go to Nantaasket,
take on coal and have her builders’ trials
off Rockland harbor.

PENSION CAR HORSE VETS.

After Palling Street Cars for Twen-
ty-four Years They May New Rest.

Tom “and Jerry, the two veteran car
horses of the Delancey street car line, age
to be pensioned by the East Side Business
Men and Property Owners Committee, and
Patrick Connell, who has driven a car
for thirty-two years, will recelve a purse
of money.

A resolution to this effect was offered
by Alfred Hahn at a meeting of the com-
mittee yesterday and adopted unani-
mously. The committee received word
that by the end of this month fifty ad-
ditional battery cars will be in use and
the services of Tom and Jerry no longer
required,

It ie planned to send them to the coun-
try for the remainder of their lives. They
have been in continuous service for
twenty-four years.

A committee was also appointed to ask
the New York Railways Company to find
employment for Patrick Connell after the
horse cars are discontinued. He ia 60
years old and a widower, He says he
wants to be the last driver to guide a
ae oer # horse car line in New York

 

 

 

 

4 Witness, and not intending to go back

ito Mexico, Mr

jet returning to Durango.
| The contents of Mr.

jconditions in Mexico are

  

7, 1913,—copyrignt, 1913, by the Bun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

| Monsen

 

 
   

THE WEATHER

Showers to-day; fair a
to-morrow; light

Detailed weather reports Ml be fou J on page 13.

    

mi it cooler

.

. ‘

oo

PRICE TWO CENTS.

FIND THREE NEW
SULZER CHECKS

Legislators Track More Cam-

 

 

BRAND WHITLOCK, DIPLOMAT.

Author Who Voted for Wilson at

 

WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.—President Wil-
son 18 seriously considering the nomina-
tion of another distinguished author to an
Important diplomatic post, according to
information at the Capitol to-day. Mayor
Brand Whitlock of Toledo, Ohio, is the
latest prospective candidate for diplomatic

 

Raltimore May Get a Mission.

spouted
last evening from the twenty-third
|

honors and if McCombs declines the
French Ambassadorship he may get that.

Mayor Newton D. Baker of Cleveland,
who was in Washington a few days ago,
got assurances that Mr. Whitlock would
probably be the one man recognized from
Ohto with a diplomatic appointment. Mr.
Baker was an original Wilson man in the
preconvention campaign in Ohio and his
delegation was seated at the Baltimore
convention after a desperate fight. It is
understood that Mr. Whitlock will go
either to France or Belgium. He had ex-
pressed a desire for the Switzerland mis-
sion, but that was promised before he got
into the fight.

FIRE IN MUNICIPAL BUILDING.

 

Pile of Rubbish Ablase on
Twenty-third Floor.

One of the highest fires in New York
smoke over lower Manhattan

floor of the Municipal Building. A citi-
zen sent in an alarm.

Two lines of hose were carried up to
the floor, but the fire was put out with
extinguishers.

The fire was in a pile of rubbish In
the northeast corner of the building. The
damage was slight.

 

FIRST WIRELESS TO COLOMBIA.

Will Be Sent by Minister Betancourt
at Washington.
6.~—Through

 

WASHINGTON, Aug. the
wireless message between the United
States and Colombia will be sent after
midnight to-morrow on the anniversary
of the battle of Boyaca, which insured
the Independence of Colombia. LS

The message will be sent by the
Colombian Minister to the United Staten,
Senor Julio Betancourt, via Arlington, Va.,
Key West and Colon to the new wireless
station at Cartagena, Colombia. The mes-
sage will congratulate the President of
Colombia on the inauguration of the first
high power wireless station in that coun-
try.

 

WOMAN HACK DRIVER LICENSED.

 

“Why Not Hackwomen," Saye Mra.
of Moant Vernon.
Mount VERNON, N. Y., Aug. 6.—Saying
that tn these days when women are invad-
ing every business field a woman has

| just as much right to be a hack driver as

Leach'’s account of |
practically |
identical with hundreds of other simitar |

a stenographer, Mrs. L.. J. Moses of The
Bronx to-day demanded a license to drive
a hack. She is about 30 years old, and
attractive.

paign Cash, Kept Secret,
They Say.

 

BROKERS BLOCK HUNT

 

Refuse to Tell Frawley Com-
mittee About Mysterious
Stock Speculator,

FOES POINT TO GOVERNOR

Trying to Prove Some Election
Money Was Spent in Pur-
chase of Railroad Shares.

The Frawley’ Committee, though
hampered by the flat refusal of two wit-
nesses to answer quéstions about Gov.
Sulzer's stock speculations, turned up
evidence yesterday which the committee
and its counsel, Eugene Lamb Richard,
Jr, considers even more damaging than
last week's revelation of the Jacob H.
Schiff check for $2,500 and the Abram I.
Elkus check for $500, which the Gov-
ernor did not include in his sworn state-
ment of campaign receipts.

The four main points scored in yeaster-
day's two hour session in the council
chamber of the City Hall, were these:

1. In the course of the campaign Mr.
Sulzer or his secretary, Louis A. Sarecky,
received from Henry Morgenthau, treas-
urer of the Finance Committee of the
Democratic National Committee, a check
for $1,000; from William F. McCombs,
National Democratic Chairman, a check
for $500, and from John Lynn of John
Lynn & Co., novelty manufacturers, of
48 Bond street a check for $300. None
of these was mentioned in the Governor's
sworn statement, in which he gave his
total campaign receipts as $5,460 and ex-
penditures $7,724.

2. In the account which Sarecky had
with the Mutual Alliance Trust Company
between October 1 ahd November 12
ninety-four checks were deposited, all be-
Neved by the committee to be part of the
Sulzer campaign fund. In the Governor's
sworn statement the number of contribu-
tions was given as sixty-eight.

8. Between September 1 and January 1

There was Consternation among the . Bulser eposited $24,896.31 to his

j hackmen when they saw Mrs. Moses take
up her position at the main New
Haven Railroad station and put in a bid

for fares. Mrs. Moses has a brand new

isurres and a spirited horse.

Leach has found it Dos. |
(sible to speak frankly, which would not |
jbave been the case had he any intention |

14 ILL ON U. S. SHIP.

| No Menace of Eptdemic, However, tn
Cases on Collier Hannibal,

Kieht marines from Camp Efliott§ in

documents which have been received at) i Pe ees Foe ont eo
i ' » 4 . annibs » 2
Aspury Park, N. J, Aug. 6 —There will |the State Department from consuls ang | {'O™ Me collier

Americans in Mexico, but) which
ei withheld from members of the House
j aud Senate and from the epublic. His
| Statements verify those made by Ambage
fsador Wilson to the effect that there is
only one organized Political revolution
jin Mexico and that is in the State of
| Sonora, and that the rest of the country
jis given up to banditry and looting by
lbands of rebels who find it protitable to
jMaintain themselves off the country, He
‘maintains that nothing but assistance 10
jthe Huerta Government from the outside
jor intervention will put a atop to the
| wanton Killing of innocent men, women
jand children of all nationalities, the at-
jtacks on young girls and the tremendous
idestruction of property. He says in his
| statement;

Looting of City Described,

“Since my return
with some eighty other American re-
fugees I have read daily all
the leading papers dwelling on the
Mexican situation, have talked to many
prominent business men and United
States officers and have wondered at the
seeming lack of information displayed by
a large part of our People, including the
State Department, of what is really going
on in Mexico and what is necessary to be
done to put an end to the wanton killing
of innocent men, women and children, al-
most unlimited outraging of young
women and girls and tremendous destrue-
tion of property. Living aa 1 have for
the last three years in the States of
Chihuahua and Durango, the hotbed of
the trouble, I have been forced to gO
through many trying experiences. The
worst, however, that I have seen was what
took place at Durango after its capture
on June 18 by the rebel forces under
Tomas Urbina and others, sumbering
some 4,200 so-called Maderiatas.

“No sooner had these men entered the
city than they began breaking into all
the saloons, drinking euch lquor as they
found there. After that the looting of the
entire city began, Not a single store
escaped being completely sacked and
many were burned after being sacked,
entailing # loss of more than $5,000,000
gold, All prisoners from jails and the
State penitentiary, some 400, were turned
loose and all ‘criminal and land records
burned,
looted and their
Scoren of Mexicans

from Mexico

inhabitants robbed.
were shot down.

have |!

All houses were entered ana!

a nee geNEENNEREEENES Eee

|} from that vessel vesterday afternoon at
ithe foot of Ninety-sixth street, North
| River, to the Naval Hospital in the

Hrooklyn navy vard, suffering from all-

| ants that are said by physicians at-
| tached to the local yard wot to be dan-
| gerous

{At first {t was thought that there had
been an outbreak of some disease on the
ship or that a serious accident had oe-
curred when the following message was
received at the wireless atation yester-
day: “Collier Hannabil coming to yard
Twelve men cannot walk.”

Officials at the Naval Hospital said
}last night that the casea had occasioned
unnecessary alarm and that the public
need not fear an epidemic.

GIRL CHUMS TAKE POISON.

Two Friends of Mies Klein Swallow
Hichlortde Tablets.

Bautimore, Aug. 6—-Gladys McClure,
aged 16 years, and Lillian Love, aged
17, entered into a suicide agreement and
concluded to end their lives as had Irene
Klein, a friend, several weeks ugo.

Providing themselves with bichloride
tablets they went into the rest room of
a crowded department store and took
the poison to-day, They were found ly-
ing on the floor locked in each other's
arms. An ambulance hurried them to the
Mercy Hospital where the stomach pump
was applied. The physicians sald this
evening they would be unable to deter-
mine until after three days whether or
not the girls will recover,

FRITZ STURMFELD DROWNED.

Leo Slesak Barely Saved When Boat
Overturne in lake.

TROERNA&KE, Bavaria, Aug. 6.—Frits
Sturmfeld, the operatic tenor, was
drowned, and Leo Slezak of the Metroe
politan Opera Company, New York, was
barely rescued, when the boat they were
sailing overturned on the lake here to-
day,

Sturmfeld was a member of the Royal
Opera, Liepzio. He had made a concert
tour of the United States.

NO LONGER LEGALLY AN ONION.

 

 

 

 

 

From the United States Consulate I saw Edward D. Resumes Name of Barrett

Mexicans and foreigners dragged through
the streets on the end of a lasso,

Americans Wounded by Bomb.

“Rodgers Palmer, an Englishman, was
killed because he failed to open a safe of
which he did not have the combination.
Carlos Van Brandis and L. W. Elder,
both Americans, were seriously wounded
by a bomb used to force the door of the
McDonald Institute, where many of the
foreigners had taken refuge. They were
then lined up against the wall-and threat-
ened with execution unless money and
horses and arms and ammunition were
delivered, which the foreigners were
forced to do to save their lives. H. Ww.
Sl

Continued on Fifth Page.

Which an Ancestor Sold,

Edward D. Onion of 147 Weat 126th
street got permission yesterday from Su-
preme Court Justice Guy to change his
name to Barrett because’ he can't stand
Onion any longer,

The petitioner sald he was born in
Baltimore and that the family name was
Barrett until a man named Onion offered
his ancestor a considerable sum of money
if he would become an Onion. Onion
@ays that because his ancestor sold his

real name he has been subjected to “con- | testify.

Personal account with the Farmera Loan
and Trust Company and on January 1
had a balance there of $22,527.47
Against this fact Lawyer Richards sets
William = Sulzer’s frequently repeated
ageertion that he is a very poor man.
Mysterious Stuck Bayer.

4. On October 21) somebody, said by
Mr. Richards to be the Governor, bougty
through the Stock Exchange firm of Fuller
& Gray 200 shares of stock of the Cleve-
land, Cincinnatl, Chicago and St. Louis
Raliroad, the Big Four, for which he
pald $11,800 tn cash. One hundred shares
Were bought at 60 and 100 at 58 It must
have proved a bad investment, for C..C,
C. & St. L. has been sliding ever since
and was quoted yesterday at 37 bid and
45 asked, with no sales, a paper loss of
$4,400 to the buver of those 200 shares.

This account stands on the firm's books

merely as “Account No, 600." Arthur
L, Fuller of Fuller & Gray sald he didn't
know who the customer @as, Melville
I Fuller of Harris & Fuller, also a

Stock Exchange house, refused to answer
questions as to whether he had dealings
with Gov. Sulzer, and Frederick L. Col-
well, formerly a member of Harris &
Fuller, also blocked the committee “by
advice of counsel.” Senator Frawley di-
rected Mr. Richards to get a court order
to compel them to testify, but no action
of that sort was taken yesterday.

Mr. Richards says that before the com-
mittee is through it will be made clear
that the man who bought the Big Four
stock was Gov. Sulzer. Nobody pretends
that it is ertminal for the GoVernor to
bump into the stock market if he has the
price, But the committee corftends that
money received by the GWernor in his
campaign far exceeded his statement un-
der oath, that he deposited part of it to
his personal account, that he bought
stocks with part of it and that the corre-
lation between the various points in yes-
terday's testimony will be brought out
later,

No Proof of Contention Yet.

Tt should be noted that so far
there is no actual proof that the Mor-
genthau, McCombs and Lynn checks were
campaign contributions or that the
mysterious “Account No. 500" was the
Governor's or that the money he deposited
to his private bank account came from
campaign sources. Such, however, is the
committee's contention.

It was made clear yesterday that Louls
A. Sarecky, who refused in Albany last
week to testify as to whether his account
with the Mutual Alliance Truet Company
was the Governor's, really was acting as
the Governor's depositor of campaign
money, This letter was submitted in evi-
dence, dated October 22 and written on
stationery of the House of Representa.
tives:

“Mutual Alllance Trust Company. Gen-
tlemen: This js to inform you that I have
authorized my private secretary, Mr. Lou's
A. SBarecky, to indorse my name to any
checks donated to my campaign fund and
to deposit same to his credit. William
Sulzer.”

Only four members of the legislative
committee were present when the hearing
began at 11 o'clock yesterday morajng.
They were Senator James J. Frawley,
chairman; Senator Samuel J. Ramsperger
of Buffalo, Senator Felix J. Sanner of
Brooklyn and Assemblyman Myron K.
Smith, :

The first thing that Mr. Richards did
was to read a letter from Senator Frawley
to the Governor inviting the Governeg to
The letter repeated Charles F,

tinual banter, jokes, criticism and sar- | Murphy'@offer to be a witness if the Gey-
casm,” causing a serious handicap to his |ernor should make specific accusations re-

business and employment.

 

 

| garding Mr.

v= SPRL PPSB TRENTO

Murphy's handling of the
Tammany campaign fund last fall, and
went on:

“This letter puts at issue a public state.

P

 

a
Ro ee

 

ee

Dy SN

Ce 6uae

Cn PN

   
 

ie a eR OR Re 25 — OC EE RN egies i
Sets rere

 

RE RS STE, Tes

Ay pr

See or

 

—2e
Tari

eS
a SE sae ae

ag a I

ts

Sie ok
Fr -—anslemang sneer

GPSS