—

 

“VOL. LXXIX—NO. 17. 2 ~~ ss ‘NEW

AAIBERY INOUIRY
ORDERED IN TRENTON

senate Startled by Admissions by
Senator Fitzherbert of
Morris.

 

 

|
|
|
|

5.4 THE AMOUNT NAMED

 

Information on Which the Legislators
Decided to Begin the In- |

vestigation.

 

Trenton, N. J., Feb. 20.—Charges that
Senator Richard Fitzherbert of Morris
county solicited a $5,000 bribe were made
nefore the Senate Committee on Judiciary
this afternoon. Senator Fitzherbert de-
nies the charges. The Senate has ofdered
that an investigation be made.

Although the Senate had planned a busy
afternoon the knowledge that one of ita
members had been so seriously attacked
putea damper on the work of the day and
adjournment was taken.

Groups of legislators gathered about
the halls to discuss the statements made
hefore the Judiciary Committee, and
admitted by Senator Fitzherbert, that he |
agreed to do what he could to kill certain
bills providing certain people got the
money. The Senators were amazed.

* Some were angry, others thought there
might be something yet unsaid on behalf |
ef the Morris member. Then it was de-
cided to have an executive session.

Before the executive session was called
Senator Fielder and Senator Fitzherbert
had a long talk, the result of which is}

 

 

 

$500fand give the rest to the Judiciary Com
mittee of the Senate, Laat Thuraday Ridner
gave his ultimatum that ifthe money was
not ferthcoming by 9 o'clock the follow-
ing morning the bills would be reported
from committee and their Passage could
not be stopped.

Senator Fitzherbert waa then inter-
rogated as to who was sponsor for the
bills but said he did not care to give the
information.

M. K. Wisehart, a reporter, told the
committee that he had been assigned to
look up the facts in connection with
the acetylene bills. He called upon Sen-
ator Fitzherbert at the latter's home in
Dover last Saturday and inquired as to
the identity of Dr. Ridner. The Senator
told him that Ridner was a good fellow
and could get anything he wanted in
Trenton, Fitzherbert said he intended
to do with the bills what Ridner wanted
and admitted that he believed one of
the sponsors for the measures was after
money. Wisehart asked Fitzherbert if
he could get the bills killéd if he came
to Trenton yesterday with $5,000. He
said that Fitzherbert replied that he
thought it could be done and agreed to
see the sponsors of the bills.

Mr. Wisehart then told of the confer-
ence at the Trenton House between 1
and 8 o'clock this morning at which he,
Senator Fitzherbert and Osby were pres-
ent and said that at that conference the
Senator said he would see what could
be done toward killing the legislation
and agreed to report the $5,000 propo-
sition to the sponsors of the bills.

At the conclusion of the hearing Sena-
tor Fitzherbert admitted that Wisehart
had asked him if $5,000 would fix the
matter. “I told him,” continued the
Senator, “that I would do with the bills
what the sponsors wanted me to do.
He told me Osby would pay $5,000 and I
said I would report that fact to the person
who had been instrumental in securing
the introduction ®f the measures.”

Senator Edge asked Senator Fitzher-
bert if he did not think that would have

NEW YORK, WEDNESD:Y,

—-—

LORD REACH AGREEMENT

Compromise Announced and Of-
ficial Report of the Alienists
Will Be Accepted.

LAST WILL SEVEN YEARS OLD

 

 

 

lawyer Refused to Make Another Yes-
terday—Court Names Protector
for Old Hermit.

Attorney John B. Lord, who caused
the arrest of ex«Senator Frank J. Gardner
and nurse George H. Decker on charges
of conspiring with intent to defraud
Samuel E. Haslett, the old recluse, has
joined forces with Mrs. Ellen Haslett
Samuel, the relative who on Monday
started a move in court to obtain the
appointment of a committee to pass upon
the hermit's mental and physical com-
petency.

At a conference which continued all
yesterday afternoon Attorney Lord and
Lawyer Eugene Philbin, representing
Mrs. Samuel, agreed to accept the official
report of the three alienists who examined
Mr. Haslett Monday and who will further
study his condition this morning. Mr:
Lord gave the news of the conference
early this morning.

The alienists’ official report will be pre-
sented before Judge Lewis L. Fawcett in
the Brooklyn County Court Friday
morning, the date he set in his order given
;on Mrs. Samuel's plea Monday for At-
| torneys Lord and Gardner to appear and

said to have been that Fielder told Fitz- | been the proper time to knock some one | show cause why the committee should

_ herbert to go home and engage the best |
counsel that he could. Fielder is the |
minority member of the Judiciary Com- |
mittee and heard all of the testimony, |

In the executive session the Senators |
talked long and earnestly about the,
matter, They were astonished by the
evidence but anxious that everything
possible be done for Fitzherbert. A resolu-
tion drawn by Senator Gebhardt, against
whom disbarment proceedings had been |
becun earlier in the afternoon, was |
adopted, Senator Gebhardt had to leave |
to catch a train and the resolution was

down. Senator Fitzherbert said perhaps
it would, but added that innocent per-
sons frequently “get in wrong.”

STATE SENATOR ACCUSED.

Move to Disbar Gebhardt of New Jersey

on Charge of Unprofessional Conduct.

TRENTON, N. J., Feb. 20.—Former
Attorney-General Robert H. McCarter
presented to the Supreme Court to-day
affidavits upon which he based an appli-
cation for a rule requiring State Senator

 

 

| not be appointed to take charge of Has-
| lett’s person and property.

| The alienists already have said unof-
| ficially that the old hermit was undoubt-

| : :
{edly incompetent when he signed the one Tile, but although several highly orna-

| wills and power of attorney to Gardner
jin his musty old house at 138 Remsen
| street, Brooklyn, last week. They added,
however, that Haslett had recuperated
wonderfully under proper treatment and
that he probably soon would be able to
take care of himself,

 

 

HASLETT COUSIN AND |"28 oF ome nove. searen

Unionist Attack on Asquith Cabinet De-
feated by 324 to 231. |
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sun.

LONDON, Feb, 20.—The Unionist amend- |
ment to the address in reply to the speech |
from the Throne, complaining that the
Government has not fulfilled ita pledges
to reconstitute the House of Lords, came
to a vote in the House of Commons to-
night and was beaten by 324 to 231.

The amendment was introduced yeater-
day by Frederick F. Smith, who alleged
that the promised measure had not been
introduced because of a conspiracy
between the Ministry and the Irish Nation-
alista by which the home rule bill was |
to be forced through. This charge was
indignantly denied by Sir John Simon,
the Solicitor-General.

The, attack on the Government was |
based on the fact that at the time the
Lords’ veto bill was passed the Govern-
ment announced that the measure would
be followed by another providing for the
reconstruction of the upper chamber,
The Government, according to recent
statements, will introduce such a bill
“when time permits.” It insista that the
home rule bill is of far more importance
at the present time.

 

 

NABBED THREE IN SHADOW.

Big Hole in Jewelry Store Window Points
to Attempted Burglary.

A man ran up to Policeman Wodicka
at Fifth avenue and Twenty-ninth street
a little before midnight last night and
told him that he thought burglars were
trying to break into a jewelry store at
11 West Twenty-ninth street. Wodicka
went down the block and nabbed a very

 

|small man who stood just within the

shadow in front of the building.

The jewelry store occupies the ground
floor of what used to be an old fashioned |
high stoop house. Pushing his prisoner |
before him, the policeman went down the }
steps to the door, where he found two men
crouching. In the show window of the

| store in which Daniel Roth does business

in jewelry and antiques wasa big jagged

mented clocks and vases were within
easy reach and the hole was big enough
to have admitted the little man caught
in the street nothing, so far as the police-
man could see, had been disturbed.

At the station house the little man said

William C, Gebhardt of Hunterdon county
presented by Senator Leavitt. It pro-| to show cause why he should not be dis-
vides that the Judiciary Committee of the | barred. The affidavits allege that the
henete make an investigation into all | Senator had been guilty of unprofessional

-matters pertaining to Senate bills 79 and | conduct in trying to influence the selection
110, bills regulating the use of acetylene | of grand and petit ‘juries to consider
ga~ on railroad trains. Senator Fitz-|cases in which he was interested ad

 

Mr. Lord, in his statement, named | he was Thomas O'Brien, a driver, of
thea» alienists about whose identity | 507 West 171st street, and that he didn’t
there has been much speculation. They | now the other men, having first met

are Dr. Henry B. Minton, Haslett’s phy- | “em when the policeman forced him
sician fo- years past, and Drs. Wilson | down the eteps. The other two men
and Butler of Manhattan. Incidentally, | *#id they were John Connors of nowhere
the attorney gave th» information that |in particular and Martin J, Hone of 340
the last will he had drawn for the recluse | East Twenty-fourth street, recently dis-

herbert's name is not mentioned in the
resolution,

Senator Fitzherbert admitted before |
the Judiciary Committee that he had
greed to report to the man who had
duced him to introduce two bills re-
“ricting the manufacture and use of |
wetylene gas an offer of $5,000 to consent |

.'o the withdrawal of the bills and that he |
had told a supposed representative of the
ommercial Acetylene Company of New |
York that he would withdraw the bills
{the sponsor so desired.

Immediately after the disclosures the
‘enute went into executive session, dis-
cussed the charges and the admissions of
senator Fitzherbert and decided to order
a thorough investigation. In the open
session which followed the Senate directed
the Judiciary Committee to conduct a
thorough investigation.

The Judiciagy Committee, composed
of Senator Edge of Atlantic, Senator |
Reed of Camden and Senator Fielder |
of Hudson, had a conference with As-
sistant Attorney-General Gaskill to-night
o determine the procedure to be followed
9 making the investigation. If the
alegations should be substantiated Sena
lor kitzherbert may face Eeaaent

 

 

 

 

Preceedings for misconduct in office.
Uner the evidence thus far produced |
ie committee believes there is nothing
‘o justify an allegation involving him

nthe bribery scandal, and as the charge
f conspiracy would be difficult of proof
‘is probable that the committee will
fl hack on the old common, law practice
siggesting his trial for malfeasance |

¢

the allegations against the Senator
vere outlined to Gov, Wilson just before |
is departure for Kansas .this afternoon.
‘he Governor said that he believed the
‘vost publicity shouid be given the affair, |
fi he had no time to consider the

 

Charges in detail to-day
During the hearing which resulted in}
6 tlisclosures

Senator Fitzhenbert sat |
ly unmoved. He grew pale |
‘ve hearing progressed and near
* conclusion remarked that the alle-
e'ons against him were untrue.
‘he owo bills under consideration were |
‘Dill 7%, introduced by Senator |
Poert. “by request,” which would
the of acetylene gas on passen-
atid Senate DULINO, which would
‘the manufacture of such gas with-
‘hrescribed distance of any residence
( ‘iiding. Senator Fitzherbert
‘hat he had introduced both
the request of a constituent,
‘eloped later was Dr, G, 8. Rid-
! tor of a sanitarium at Lake |
Morris county, Senator Fitz- |
Ud he understood the hearing |
been postponed, otherwise |
‘ive had the sponsor to explain
* proposed legislation
Osby, general manager of the
' \cetylene Company told the
al nearly two months ago |
‘formed him of the proposed
' the bills and offered his
Midner told Osby that the |
p ' ty bills would injuriously |
‘ipany and suggested that |
their introduction stopped,
“to give details at that time, |
‘ | cannot fight in the dart, |
~ are introduced f will ‘talk
u
) Kidner again called upon
‘ensuing Conversation was |

 

is

Oy Stenographers listening |

Popen transom, On the tol |

‘ |
i ther again called and showed |

‘ nm !
Ythe first bill, Three weeks |

ited a copy of another bill
Uo Which Desine Senate bill |
“sed Ridner to wane @ price |
‘eisiation and Riduer sug-

Ile told Osby he woul! keep

‘ylish eyeglasses, Bisight or
neer's, now 7 Malden Lane

¢-2

A Spe

  

counsel,

Accompanying the affidavits was a copy
of a letter alleged to have been written
by Senator Gebhardt suggesting to a
former Sheriff of the county the names
of @ panel of jurors. At that term of court
Senator Gebhardt was counsel in more
than half of the Circuit Court cases on
the calendar, and it was represented to
the court that his effort to bring about
the selection of jurors who were his per-
sonal or political friends constituted a
breach of ethics requiring punishment.
The court accepted the papers, but in-
formed Mr. McCarter that in accordance
with a, new rule recently promulgated
they would not be filed as official records
unless by direction of the court.

Senator Gebhardt declined to-day to
make any statement until the allegation
had become a matter of public record
except to say that any attack upon his
professional integrity could only be made
through perjury.

THREE BRIDES EXTRA.

Sudden Alteration of Berthing Arrange-
ments on the Good Ship Vasari.

Four German Lutheran clergymen
engaged passage a few weeks ago for
Brazil by the Lamport and Holt liner
Vasari, which sailed yesterday, and were
booked in two double berthed cabins.
They are Theodor Gholke, Paul Klein,
Elvira Heyner and H. A. Weinrich, and
they are bound for Port Allegre, Rio
Grande do Sul, Brazil

‘Vhe agent who took care of them called
several days ago at the office of the line
and said he would like to have another
cabin for the Key. Mr. Gholke, as the
clergyman had been married and naturally
wanted to take his wife along. The
change was made.

The next day the Rev. Paul Klein, who
had heard of the wedding of his brother
of the cloth, told the agent that he too
wished to have a@ separate room for him-
self and Mrs. Klein. He was accommo-
dated.

Then the steamship office was thrown
into spasms by the third appearance of
the agent, who announced that on Monday
the Rev. Mr. Heyner had also taken a

ride, They were put in a cabin together.

The Rev. Mr. Weinrich, therefore, was
the only dominie who sailed alone. At
the Pilger Haus, in State street, where

 

all the clergymen had been stopping,

it was said that the Rev. Mr. Weinrich
would not take a bride down in Brazil.
If he decided that he wanted to be married
a bride would be sent to hint from this
port.

MR. KATZ'S AUTO KILLS WOMAN.

Runs Her Down Crossing 74th Street
—~May Be Margaret Gilbert.

Louis Katz, an art dealer at 2443 Broad-
way, driving his automobile from Centra]
Park West on Seventy-fourth street
toward his heme at 103 last night struck
and knocked down a woman who was
trying to cross the street in front of No.
20. Mr. Katz tried to steer to one side,
but the woman became confused and

 

was signed seven years ago.

“But Mr. Haslett asked me this morn-
ing to prepare another will,” he added.
| “However, I wouldn't draw up one under
| the present circumstances. The old man
would have to run me a footrace first
I wouldn't take a chance on having a
statement of that kind resting on me.”

Here is Mr. Lord's statement made
verbally following a night conference
with Chief Magistrate Kempner and
acting District Attorney John M. Perry:

| saw Mrs. Samuel's lawyer, Eugene
Philbin, this afternoon and we had a con-
ference in ma office. They agreed to ac-
cept the report of my alienista when it is
placed officially before the court on Friday
morning. The doctors who examined Mr.
Haslett are Dr. Henry D. Minton and Drs

 

 

 

|
|

 

chargedfromthearmy. They had sought
the shelter of the stoop for a night's lodg-
ing, they said, and knew nothing about
the broken window. All three were
locked up charged with attempted burg-
lary.

MRS. MAXWELL IN SANITARIUM.

Move to Free Widow of Borough Bank
President Who Is Detained at Easton.

Mrs. Howard Maxwell, widow of the |
president of the defunct Borough Bank
of Brooklyn, has been in the Easton
Sanitarium at Easton, Pa., for the past
four years under «vo umitment as insane.
Judge R. C. Stewart of the Pennsylvania

|
Wilson and Butler, who were chosen by | Court of Common Pleas granted yester-
Dr, Minton to assist him, These alienists/day a writ of habeas corpus directing
j already have expressed the unofficial opin- Supt. C. S. Kinney to produce Mrs. Max-
ee Sr. ames Wie ee well before aim next Monday morning.
when he signed the two Gardner wills, | Th licati for. ty it Ae
but now is competent. The alienists will | ne BPPOAtion for We WIS Was MA
make another examination this morning, | by Mrs. Florence M. Creagh of 501 West
action was tnerely to protect the relatives’ | well, who has been ignorant

; Interests
quickly got together
This evening I have been talking to Chief

Attorney Terry

 

I feel confident that Haslett is brighten-
ling up every day and will soon be a well
| man

While the afternoon conference was pro-
ceeding Judge Fawcett

 

Marcus
B. Campbell, Republican leader of Kings
county, as the official protector of the
old man.

Between now and

named

Friday all papers
must be served on Campbell, not on Has-
lett

The appointment of Campbell was a
mere matter of form, as a person whose
| competency in in question is not con-
sidered the proper one on whom to serve
papers. Mr. Campbell has notified Mr.
Haslett of the proceedings against him
and will appear in court on Friday to see
that Mr. Haslett's interests are protected.
If Mr. Haslett is represented hy counsel}
Mr. Campbell will withdraw. If not he
will move the court to appoint counsel
to protect the defendant's interests. The
authority given Mr. Campbell in this
case extends neither to the person nor to
the estate of the alleged incompetent.
It refers merely to the legal preliminaries
incident to the opening of a case of thia
kind. An appointment of this kind is
made on the judge's initiative.
|

The sudden shutting off of all infor- |

mation followed acting District Attorney
Perry's stepping into the case. He held
conferences yesterday with Mr.
and with Chief Magistrate Kempner
and also conducted an investigation at
which several witnesses were examined,
but refused to give out the substance of
anything that transpired. A rumor that
more arrests might follow a statement
made by Dr, J. T. Deyo could not be
confirmed,

Dr. Deyo made the statement to Chief
Magistrate Kempner and to Mr, Merry,
He claims that it was almost identical
with the one already published, that
it names no new party to the allegedcon-
spiracy to defraud the recluse out of his
estate and that he does not see how
it can lead to additional arrests,

The two wills which Decker claims

Lord |

tlepped in front of the car. Mr. Katz
and a friend, Peroy Johnson, who was | not yet been found and a search of the,
riding with him, reported the accident to |house in Remsen street has convinced
the police at the Weat Sixty-eighth street | the authorities that they are not to be |
station and an ambulance was summoned | found there, : |

4 Seo ' F 7 : Attorney Lord was credited with a.
from F lower Hospital, The woman died | statement yesterday to the effect a fourth
shortly after being removed there. will was in existence, This paper, it was
Later in the evening some people came , reported, was in the possession of Henry

that Gardner had Mr. Haslett sign have

to the hospital and partially identified; W. Beebe, a lawyer, 267 Henry street, |

the dead woman as Margaret Gilbert, |
who they thought had been a servant:
in one of the apartment houses
Central Park West
street,

Brooklyn, It was said to have been exe-
cuted Atteen years ago.

Mr. Beebe at night would not admit
near’ holding such a will, Neither would he
and Seventy-fourth , deny it. He did say, however, that some

; years ago he transacted certain legal

: : a | Bommens for Mr. Haslett
4 TRAINS TO FLORIDA. |
Atlantic Coast Line Sea Level Route. |

BONDS & STOCK CERTIFICATES

Bgraved

10:18 A, M., 1:26, 3:38, 0:30 P.M, All Steel eleo- and ted by lies, Macy
ce. © Johe aden Hetabiisnoa ata

trie Hghted Pulimans,' 1218 B’way.— Ade,

As mny object is the same we |

We merely went over! Bank.

Mrs Samuel's attorney told me that her) 16th street, long a friend of Mrs. Max- |
of Mrs.
the evidence against Gardner and Decker. | was placed in the sanitarium.

Maxwell's whereabouts until recently.
Howard Maxwell committed suicide late

Magistrate Kempner and acting District | ™ 1907 after the failure of the Borough

In February, 1908, Mre. Maxwell
W. EE.
Macready, a brother of Mrs. Maxwell,
signed the application for the order of
commitment and two Easton physicians
made affidavita that Mre. Maxwell was
insane.

In her petition asking for the writ Mrs,
Creagh says that she was unable to get

FEBRUARY : 21, 1912.—copyrignt, 1912, by the Sun Printing and Publishing eee

DOROTHY ARNOLD CASE.

BLACKMAIL ARREST

Her Father Got Threais and De-
mands for Money From
“O. Russell.”

 

 

BESSIE GREEN ARRESTED

Detectives Trailed Her a Long ‘Time and
Experts Have Passed on Her
Handwriting.

 

Francie KR. Arnold, the father of Dor-
othy Arnold, who disappeared in Decem-
ber, 1910, and wha has sinoe then received
many threatening letters, believes that
his most persistent ennoyer is under
arrest. The girl whom he accuses is
Bessie “Green, a nogress, 23 yeare old,
who lives at 14 Weat 138d street. She
was urrested yesterday in the District
Attorney's office, and Magistrate Barlow
in the West Side court held her in $5,000
bai! for examination to-day on a charge
of attempted blackmail. ©

Within the last year Mr. Arnold has
received about three dozen threatening
letters. Beginning with June 2 last a
series of letters, apparently written by
the same hand, began to come to the
Arnold house at 10 East Seventy-ninth
street. The letters were generally short,
the scrawling handwriting in even the
longest not taking up more than two pages.

They made demands for sums vary-
ing from $1,000 to $8,000 and threatened,
in case the demands were not complied
with, either that Mr. Arnold would be
shot on sight by the writer or that a fam-
ily scandal would be disclosed. On June
21 a letter was delivered at the house
with a box. The letter directed that
a large sum of money be placed in the
box and that the box and money be sent
to an address in West 127th street. A
registered letter was sent to that address
and remained unclaimed. There were
no more letters until November 4, when
Mr.and Mrs. Arnold returned from Europe.

Through advertisements they got
in touch with the writer of the letters,
but owing to the publication of a visit
made by Mr. Arnold to Police Headquar-
ters, according to Mr. Keith, they were
not able to meet the blackmailer face to
face.

District Attorney Whitman and De-
tectives Flood and Russo found that the
letters had requested an answer to be
sent to a box in the Harlem office of a
morning newspaper. The name given
was ©. Russell. A negress had obtained
Possession of that box by advertising a
reward for the return of a package “lost
on West Seventy-second street.”

The detectives answered a letter re-
ceived on February 12 in which a demand
for $1,350 was made and were told to
write to “O. Ruasell,” care of Mr. Green-
blatt at 121 St. Nicholas avenue, for
further instructions. Greenblatt is super-
intendent of the apartment there. Some
one claiming to be a former employee
in the house had asked him to receive a
letter there addressed to “O. Russell.”
Mack Williams, a negro bellhop in an
apartment house at 12 West Ninety-
second street, got the letter. He said
a woman had asked him to get the letter
for her and stick it in the Long Island
section of the telephone booth on his
desk and that she would call for it on
Saturday night and leave a dollar in place
of it.

Bessie Green came and got the letter
from Mack and handed him a dollar.
The detectives questioned her. She said
she was a nurse and governess and that
a woman had called her on the telephone
saying she had heard of Bessie and thought
she could find work for her.

“The lady told me,” Bessie told the
detectives, “that I should come here and
get a letter for her and take it to a house
on 127th street [Bessie gave the number
but the detectives won't) and she would
find work for me.”

Although the addressa on 127th street
was the same as that to which the box
of money was to have been sent months
before, the detectives let Bessie go. They

| any information from the family of Mrs, | kept a sharp watch on her, questioned her
| Maxwell or from Frank Doolittle, secre- | frequently and got some specimens of her
| tary to William Gow, as to Mrs, Maxwell | handwriting. These were given to Will-

|
|
|

|

|

from the middle of February, 1908, until |
the middle of the present month.

Mrs. Creagh says in her petition that
Mrs. Maxwell told her that application
was made to Surrogate Ketchum in Brook-
lyn on May 27, 190k, to have the letters of
administration already issued to Mrs,
Maxwell revoked.

Frank W. Doolittle and William Max-
well, a brother of Howard Maxwell, were
then appointed administrators. Mrs.

|Creagh recently visited Mrs. Maxwell

in the sanitarium and from her conversa-
tion with Mrs. Maxwell believes her to be
sane and to be unjustly detained.

 

KILLS FATHER

IN. BANK.

Son Failing to Get $25,000 Also Shoots
Brother-in-law and Kills Himself,

Drayton, N. D., Feb, 20.—Failing to
collect $25,000 from his father, H. W.
Wallace, a banker here, Rex Wallace shot
and killed the elder man, seriously
wounded his brother-in-law and then

 

fired a bullet into his own brain here last
night.

Father and son died instantly and it was
some time before the wounded brother-
in-law could crawl to the street and give
the alarin.

The tragedy was enacted in the Wallace
bank. Rex Wallace arrived from St.
Paul on an evening train, Some weeks
ago the son wrote his father a threatening
letter in regard to the $25,000 which he
said had been promised to him by the elder
Wallace. The tone of the letter did not
alarm the banker and further corre-

| spondence led to the appointment for the

conference in the bank here,

After the three men had gathered in the
office of the bank the son renewed his de-
inand and was refused by his father. He
drew a revolver and began firing. The
first bullet hit the elder Wallace and two
others dropped the brother-in-law.

 

 

Asheville, Tryon & Hendersonville
e of the Sky.”
Balmy alr; Bright sunshine; Nature's

a of
a ture of
Racal Baath eth eaten a
we! ; Apply 204 th Ave., cor. 20th.—-Ads,
;

liam J. Kinsley and David N. Carvalho,
handwriting experts, who were sure that
they were written by the same hand which
wrote the fifteen threatening letters to
Mr. Arnold.

Yesterday Beasie was taken to the
office of Assistant District Attorney
Reynolds and questioned at considerable
length. Both Mr.\ Reynolds and John
8. Keith, Mr. Arnold's lawyer, believe
with the detectives that Bessie was not
alone in the business. She stanchly
refused to tell them, however, whether
she had an sccamptios, sticking still to
her first story of the mysterious woman
who wanted a governess. Mr. Keith
says that Bessie was never employed
by the Arnolds and that he believes that

e only reason Mr. Arnold was a target
for her letters was that she had seen fis

name in the papers and believed him to be
wealthy.

ANOTHER FAMILY OF 5 KILLED.

Voodoo Murderer Moves From Louisiana
to Texas.

GALVESTON, Feb, 20.—The mysterious
murder in Beaumont of the Pattie Dove
family, colored, consisting of mother,
three daughters and one son, has aroused
the people of the western part of Louisiana
and eastern part of Texas.

This makes seven families and thirty
victims. In each case an axe was the
weapon used and in each case no motive
has been discovered.

The police are inclined to believe it
is a religious fanatic’s work, but so care-
fully has he covered up his tracks that
the officers are without clues.

He wields an axe with certain effect,
and even with three and four members
of a family in one room he slays them
one by one without a struggle from the
victims,

The firet crime was committed at, Rayne,
La., when five members of a family were
killed. The next was at Crowley, when
a family of five was killed. ‘I'wo families
at Lafayette of four each, a family of five
at Lake Charl@s and another family of
three at Crowley have been killed.

ee cok ad yes m8

 

 

 

| New York.g,)

TORNADO KILLS EIGHT.
Sweeps Outskirts of Shreveport—Prop-
erty Loss $200,000.

SHREVErORT, La., Feb. 20.—During the
3 Gras celebration here this after-

|

noon the outskirts of the city were swept
by a tornado from the west.

Eight persons were killed instantly
and a score injured. The property loss
totals $200,000.

 

FLEW ACROSS LAKE ERIE.

Young Aviator Lands in Canada From
Erte, Pa., Nearly Frozen.

 

Port Dover, Canada, Feb. 20.—Karl
Sandt, 23 years old, landed here this after-
noon in an aeroplane in which he had
successfully flown across Lake Erie from
Erie, Pa., a distance of thirty miles,
covered in twenty-four minutes, Al-
though he negotiated a graceful landing
Sandt was so numbed from cold that he
had to be assisted from his seat in the
aeroplane.

He said the trip had been marred by
no untimely incident, but that he suffered
terribly from the low temperature and

 

Mantegna’s “Madonna and Child" Makes
a Wonderful Advance in 9 Years.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sen.

BERLIN, Feb. 20.—A crowd of people
prominent in the art world attended
the sale to-day of the pictures by old
masters which were the property of the
late Herr Weber and which formerly
graced the town hall of Hamburg. The
collection was regarded as the finest
in Germany. '

Kleinberger, the Paris dealer,
$150,000 for Andrea Mantegna's “Ma-
donna and Child.” The same canvas
was sold in London in 1903 for $12,500.

It is understood that Kleinberger bought
the picture in behalf of an American col-
lector.

gave

 

TWO BLIZZARDS COMING.

Severe Storms Reported From Northwest
and Southwest.

Sr. Lovis, Feb. 20.—Blizzards from the
southwest and northwest are moving
rapidly toward the Atlantic coast.

Street cars were blockaded in St. Louis
early this evening by blinding snow,
which continues falling over a large
territory.

Snow has fallen in Colorado and the
Rocky Mountain region and sleet and snow
are reported in the Texas Panhandle and
Oklahoma and southern Kansas. Bad
weather with snow and cold winds pre-
vailed all over southern Missouri to-day.

The worst snowstorm in five years is on
in the Southwest. In southern Oklahoma
the snow is driven bya strong wind which
is filling railroad cuts with wet snow.

Deep snow is reported along the upper
Mississippi and Missouri rivers.

CH INA’S NEW FLAG GOING UP.

Minister Chang Will Invite Diplomats to
Unfurling Ceremony in Washington.

WaSHINGTON, Feb, 20.—Chang Yin
Tang, the Minister of China to the United
States, has announced that he wili soon
give an official reception to the Diplo-
matic Corps and American officials to
witness the unfurling of the new Chinese
flag of five colors.

Minister Chang was appointed by the
Imperial Government and since a repub-
lic has been established he éxpects to
be recalled. This, he explained, does
not prevent his being loyal to his country
and his flag, so he has hauled down the
old yellow and black Chinese dragon
which has been the flag of the Manchu
dynasty and will make an official cere-
mony of hoisting the new one.

SUBMARINES UNDER ICE.

Fleet Ready to Start for Unusual Tests
in the Chesapeake.

NorFOLK, Va., Feb. 20.-Escorted by the
consort Castine, submarine boats D2 and
D3 left the navy yard to-day and
anchored in Chesapeake Bay to-night pre-
paratory to beginning submerged tests
under the ice to-morrow.

The tests will be held off Cape Ville,
Va., and it is said will be the most exten-
sive yet attempted. Five other sub-
marines now at the Norfolk Navy Yard
will join the two up the bay this week
and the seven will have submerged teste
at the same time.

One thing to be attempted will be a
searchlight drill under water. The ships
will dive 100 yards apart and will attempt
to find each other with their searchlights.
There will be torpedo firing under water
and it is said a sham battle will be fought.

HOT FIGHT IN HAYTI.

;

Forty Killed and Many Wounded on the
Government Side—Matls by Sea.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sun.

CarE Haytren, Feb. 20.—An official
report has just been received of a severe
fight between the revolutionary forces
and Haytian Government troops near the
Santo Domingo frontier. The Government
troops suffered a loss of forty killed and
a large number wounded.

Asmall Dominican coast vessel has been
engaged for the conveyance of the mails
from Monte Cristi toCape Haytien owing
to the interruption of communication
by way of the frontier.

“ELIJAH” PLAYS A HARP.

Head Holy Ghoster and Lupo's Gang in
the Atlanta Prison Orchestra.

ATLANTA, Ga,, Feb, 20,—"Elijah” Sand-

ford, head of the Holy Ghost and Us

 

: wind,
FROM $12,500 TO $150,000.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

| Society, who recently began his term as

a convict in the Atlanta Federal prison,
is playing in the orchestra, having taken
up the study of music.

“Elijah” chosen the harp for his
instrument and has a splendid specimen,
costing several hundred dollars, which
is said to have been a part of the para-
phernalia on his yacht, the Coronet,
| which came ashore in New England with
the crew starving. ~

In the prison orchestra also are five
;of the Italians from the gang of Lupo
‘the Wolf, thouge Lipo himself ia not @
musician, All the Italians, part of a

of notorio terfeiters
Sek Gur at
Ths ‘Lape gang was sent here from

meet ease, CABIN

:

 

\
og

 

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Rain or snow to-day and probably to-morrow;
colder to-morrow.
Detailed weather reports will be found on page 13,

==—S—S—————————SS aN

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

BRANDT'S PARDON
SOUGHT IN HASTE

Attorney-General, Judge Hand
and Mr. Nicoll Repair
to Albany.

SCANDALS ARETOBEMET

Mr. Schiff Insists on It and
His Wife’s Testimony
Is Offered.

 

 

| ORIGIN KNOWN, IT’S SAID

 

Justice Gerard’s Decision in Fae
vor of Brandt Is Expected
To-day.

APPEAL Il WRIT IS UPHELD

 

a

| Hand Hearing Stops Short to Put the

Scandal End Up to the
Governor.

 

 

Immediately after Judge Richard &
Hand adjourned the Brandt pardon hears
ing yesterday afternoon, on the ground
that Gov. Dix must decide whether Morti-
mer L. Schiff, Mrs. Schiff and Howard 8,
Gans may testify, Attorney-General Car
mody caught the first fast train for Al-
hany to tell the Governor that unlesa
Brandt is pardoned to-day Supreme
Court Justice Gerard will sustain the
writ of habeas corpus and probably
denounce the prosecution of Brandt as
a travesty of justice.

Mr. Carmody had been informed that
if the Justice finds that he can delay no
longer out of courtesy to Mr. Dix, he will
have to make public an opinion which,
based on the same records that the Gov-
ernor reviewed, will be totally opposed
to the Governor's conclusions. The only
practical way, Mr. Carmody concludes,
in which the Governor can give speedy
justice to Brandt, as well as to save him-
self from embarrassment, will be to
issue a pardon some time this afternoon.
If Justice Gerard sustains the writ Dis-
trict Attorney Whitman will appeal.

The first session of the pardon hearing
produced.an acrimonious fight between
De Lancey Nicoll, Paul D. Cravath and
John D. Lindsay, counsel for Mr. Schiff
apd Mr. Gans, and Attorney-General
Carmody and District Attorney Whitman,
who were supported by Brandt's lawyers,
Mirabeau L. Towns and Robert. M. Moore.
Mr. Nicoll led the fight to get Judge Hand
to permit Mortimer L. Schiff, Mrs. Morti-
mer L. Schiff and Howard 8S. Gans to
appear as witnesses. He said they did
not want immunity from prosecution
and would not accept it. The Attorney-
General and the District Attorney told
Judge Hand that section 584 of the Penal
Law automatically grants immunity to
witnesses who appear in such proceedings.

The District Attorney told the Com-
missioner flatly that he expected to ip-
dict for conspiracy certain witnesses
whose appearance before Judge Hand
he objected to.

Then Judge Hand declined to assume
the responsibility of affording possible
immunity to Mr. Schiff and Mr, Gans and
adjourned the hearing until 11 A. M.,
Tuesday, February 27, Judge Hand left
for Albany last night to have a confer-
ence with the Governor. Mr. Nicoll also
went to Albany to submit briefs to Gov.
Dix. It was confidently asserted last
night that the Hand hearing is dead and
that the Governor would be constrained
to issue a pardon, «a

THE SCHIFFS WANT EVERYTHING TOLD,

Mr. Nicoll’s speech before Judge Hand
in the early part of the proceedings yes-
terday, in which he said that Mrs. Schiff,
as well] as Mr. Schiff and Gans, would like
to have an opportunity of refuting false
and scandalous stories that reflected on
& woman's honor, was perhaps the most
interesting feature of the day. Replying
to the District Attorney's objection that
in appearing for Schiff he represented
merely a witness, not the complainant
in the Brandt case, Mr. Nicoll said:

I represent the man, whether you call
him the complainant or the witness, whose
home was burglarized, whose person was
assaulted, whose property was stolen aud
whose wife was slandered by this defendant.
So I say that in any court or in any pro-
cedure T have and ought to have a voice
and achance, I want to say to your Honor
if you are not familiar with the recent his-
tory of this proceeding that my client has
but one object in view, and that is to let
the people of the State of New York and al)
public officers know the full story of thia
tr@nsaction in all of its details.

We want nothing held back, whether it
be the application to the Governor or the
report of the Governor's official or anything
else.

T say that my client and his counsel have
been misrepresented to the people of the
State of New York and pilloried in the
public press by the vilest and most mali-
cious lies that I have known of, and I want
an opportunity to correct the injustice
and to tell the tale fully. I want it to be
told from the beginning to the end. 1
want every witness, every paper, every
document spread upon this record so that
you and all other Magistrates and all other
prosecuting officers and the Governor him-
solf may know this wicked tale from the
beginning to the end, for it is a wicked tale.
It is the tale of astonishing and unheard of
wickedness, And in it, your Honor, are
involved the honor of a respectable family
and the reputation of a virtuous wife and
mother, ‘

I do not intend that anything shall be
held back any longer. 1 intend to and will
drag it into the light. | say that this pria-
oner made his application to the Governor
for pardon on the ground that he was not.
guilty of burglary at all, but that he was
in that house that night by the invitation of
Mrs, Schiff, and I will expose and tear away
the mask by which it is now pretended that
he suffered in order to save the honor of a
woman. I willshow the hours and the place
where was conceived the vile story which
he put first in print. 1 will show you whuse
hand assisted

 
 

See
Dh