Ss
A

8a8a

<

POP UwMse

Soa

VOL, LXX.—NO, 149,

TO RAISE BLOCKADE.

—_—-—_—_——.

Powers Look With Favor

on Venezuela’s Offer.

CUSTOMS AS A GUARANTEE.

German Statement Indicates
Early Acceptance

if Value of Revenues Offered Is Found
sufMficient—England and Italy Ready
to Call Off Their Ships—Caracas Hears
That It Will Be Done Toemorrow or
Thursday—Mr. Bewen Likely to’ Be
Named as Financial Agent-——Peaceable
Tone tn Berlin Official Explanation.

special Cable Despatch to THk SUN,
BERLIN, Jan. 26.—The following account
of the Venezuelan negotiations has been
offi ally communicated to the press:

Mr. Bowen, the American Minister and
Venezuelan agent, has submitted on behalf
of Venezuela part of the customs at La
(uayra as a guarantee to the Powers. He
first approached Sir Michael Herbert, the
British Ambassador at Washington, who
provisionally acceptel the offer as did
Germany and, on Jan. 24, [taly. The
allies are now carefully examining the value
of the revenues offered and other details

Technical consideration of these points
is necessary, as a large part of the Vene-
zuclan customs is hypothecated to pay
foreign debts. If, however, the amount
offered is considered adequate, and Ger-
many is inclined to think it is, the Powers
will jointly accept the guarantee and the
blockade will be raised immediately.

The Powers are negotiating to decide
whether they should appoint a financial
commission or agent to receive the reve-
nues. The latter course is considered
the more probable. and Mr. Bowen is men-
tioned as likely to be the agent. The
claims are divided into three categories.

The first is an adequate guarantee in
order to raise the blockade prior to entering
into further negotiations. This may be
regarded as already satisfactorily settled.

The second is the joint form of procedure
to be adopted by the Powers during the
negotiations. The third deals with minor
claims

Mr. Bowen will negotiate with the repre-
sentatives of be Powers separately. As,
Raron Speck voi. Sternberg, the German
pleaipotentiary, will arrive in New York
Jan. 27 and proceed immediately to Wash-
ington it is hoped that no time will be lost
in beginning negotiations.

The Government takes a favorable view
of the situation, and is most desirous of
ignoring all minor details in order that the
first guarantees may be accepted and the
blockade raised. It is hoped that all claims
will eventually be settled through Mr.
Rowen's instrumentality.

ENGLAND AND ITALY WILLING.
Mr. Bowen Received Encouraging Advices
From Them Yesterday.

Wasnrnaton, D. C.,' Jan. 26.—Every bit
of information that came to Washington
to-day in regard to the Venezuelan con-
troversy pointed to the acceptance by
Great Britain, Germany and Italy of the
proposal made by Herbert W. Bowen, the
Venezuelan plenipotentiary, to secure the
abandonment of the blockade established
hy the allies This done, the rest of the
negotiations will probably be plain sailing;
at least there will be little prospect of the
resumption of the serious conditions that
have prevailed up to this time.

England is willing to agree to the con-
cessions of Venezuela. So is Italy. Ger-
many's attitude is not known positively
but the prevailing belief in Government
and diplomatic circles is that she will follow
her partners in coercion, who are urging
her not to be stubborn.

The official advices received here from
London were to the effect that the British
Government would agree to raise the
hloekade on thesbasis of Mr. Bowen's
promises, if Germany and Italy would do
likewise.

Information was received to-night that
orders had been sent by the [tatian Govern-
ment to the commander of its naval forces
in Venezuelan waters to raise the blockade
of the Venezuelan ports as soon as Germany
and England agreed upon similar action.

Mr. bowen si very optimistic, and he
has reason to be froin the encouraging
‘lings tnat he heard about the prospects

1 sw tlerment,

Mr. Bowen is keeping a close tongue in his
head about the proposals he has n to the
representatives of the allies in Washington.
Fnough is known of hia offera, however,
‘o justify the statement that they are re-
carded as extresnely liberal and show evi-
dence of good faith on Venezuela's prt.
Mr. Bowen has offered in behalf of the
South American renublic to pay to Eng-
land, Germany and Italy a large percentage

f the amount demanded by them as a
necessary preliminary to the reference of
other alleged obligations to settlement
through future negotiation, The v-

nent will either be in apot cash or made
within a reasonable period under a satis-
‘ectory guarantee. pledge of the Ven-
ezuelan customs to insure compliance with
the demands of the allies is open to their

acceptance,

S4VS KAISER WILL YIELD.

All Europe Fears America, M. Laurent
Declares.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN.

Panis, dan, 26.--in an articie in the Fran-
e178 to-day on the Venezuela trouble M.
laurent saves Emperor William will do as

a-bington wishes. The trutl. is Europe
willing to do anything through fear of

Amenca

A Scotch High a
thing this weather--providing It be

st whe
Sold everywhere.—Ade.

Shers Scotch

Deerfoot Farm Sausages.

‘') inereas ng knowledge of the danger to
. tnrough careleast prepa ood, con
Svncrs grow more fastidious in their selection.
Derrfool™ means purity, daintiness, cleanliness.

\ar

NEW YORK, TUESDAY.

BLOCKADE OFF TO-MORROW ?

British Captain Sends That News Inte
Caracas.
Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.
From Tag Sun Correspondent at Caracas,

Cakacas, Jan. 26.+The Englieh colony
here has been informed by the Captain
of a British warship now at anchor off La
Guayra that the blockade will be raised on
Wednesday or Thuraday.

SHARP LESSON FOR ENGLAND.

London “Times” Grateful for, Prospects
of Settlement in Venezuelan Case.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Taw SUN.

LONDON, Jan. 27.--The Times comments
on the prospects of a settlement of the
Venezuelan dispute in a gratefully opti-
mistic mood. It says:

“We are not yet out of the woods, but if
Mr. Bowen's offorts are received in a con-
ciliatory spirit by the representatives of the
Powers st Washington and are crowned
with success it is barely possible to con-
ceive that the risks incurred in the blockade
will be deliberately incurred afresh.

“It certainly would require a yery urgen
and indisputable necessity to induce the
people of this country to sanction or con-
done again a course of policy which might
easily have endangered the good under-
standing that in recent years has contin-
ually drawn more closely together the
people of the United Kingdom and the
United States. We have had rather a
sharp lesson and we do not doubt that
it has been taken to heart.”

CRITICAL SITUATION,

“Pall Mall Gazetie’s’ View of the Vene-
guelan Affair.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Loxpon, Jan. 26.-Commenting on the
Venezuelan situation, the Pall Mall Ga-
zette, under the caption “A Muddled Machia-
velli,” says:

“It is only fair to the American press and
people to say that hitherto they have pos-
sessed their souls in praiseworthy patience,
The present tension vannot go on forever,
and we know not when sume event may
happen of that decisive kind which—to
use Curlyle’s expressive phrase — makes
a moment the mother of ages, The anx-
iety, however, nee uot be any more acute
in this country than elsewhere. The tem-
porary trammels of our combination with
Gerinany will certainly not be permitted
to iuterfere with the settled policy of the
British Government, that, namely, of a
frank, cordial understanding with the
United States.”

AS TO FINANCING VENEZUELA.

Namesof J. P. Morgan &Co.and J.&W.

Seligman & Co. Used Without Authority.

A representative of J. P. Morgan & Co.
said yesterday that the firm knew nothing
about a report from London that it was
understood there that J. P. Morgan & (Co.
and J. & W. Seligman & Co. had expressed
their willingness to undertake the pay-
ment of the first claims on Venezuela on a
basis of a guarantee of part of the customs
of LaGuayra and Puerto Cabello. A rep-
resentative of J. & W. Seligman & Co. also
said that that firm knew nothing about
the story. .” ,

NEAR TO DELAWARE COALITION.

Only One Bepubdiican Vote New Lacking
te Divide the Senatorships.
Dover, Del., Jan. 26.—The Democrats
of Delaware, as represented in the Legis-
lature, to-day made it possible for the
Regular Republicans to combine with
them and elect two United States Senators
to beat Addicks. They not only made
new nominations in place of former Senator
Richard R. Kenney and State Chairman
Willard Saulabury, but they selected four
men, two to be voted for on Monday, Tues-
day and Wednesday, and two for their
support on Thursday, Friday and Satur-

day of this week,

Of the nominees to be supported during
the last three days of this week, Dr. John
J. Black of New Castle and John Biggs
of Wilmington, one especially is satis-
factory to the Regulars. He is Dr. Black.
Upon trustworthy authority it is under-
atood to-night that the nomination of Dr.
Black by the Democrats to-day has the
indorsement of five of the necessary six
Regular Republicans. This leaves the
Regulars oe short of ihe oecessary num-
ber to effect the coalition, and there is a
well-founded rumor that Representative
Eastburn's consent to the coalition can
be secured if the Regulars agree to nomi-
nate Congreseman Louis Heisler Ball as their
candidate Someof Mr. Eastburn's friends,
however, assert that he will favor the
coalition even should Col. DuPont be the
nominee.

The balloting for Senators
joint session resulted:

Long Term-—John Edward Addicks
(Union Rep.), 21; James H. Hughes (Dem.),
21; Henry A. DuPont (Regular Rep.), 10.
Necessary, 27.

Short Term—Addicks, 19; David T.
Marvel (Dem,), 21; Anthony Higgine
(Regular Rep.), 10; William 8. Hilles (Rep.)
2. Necessary. 27.

The Democrats will again to-morrow
support former Secretary of State Hughes
and ex-Judge Marvel.

SUITS FOR STOLEN COAL.

to-day in

Demand Pay From a County
—Another Western Raid.

ToLEDO, Ohio, Jan, 26.--Lucas county will
have to defend suits brought by coa! deal-
ere to collect payment for coal stolen from
cars on transit within the limits of the
count y. It is presumed that similar suite will
be brought in each county where there were
coal raids. The railroads say there is
absolutely no question as to the respon-
sibility of Lucas county, because the Sneriff
made no effort to protect the coal

STRaTFORD, Ia. Jan. 26.—Stratford citi-
gens are indignant over the arrest of more
than thirty persons for holding up a North-
western coal train here yesterday and seiz-
ing several cars of fue

James 4deakin Has Smallpox.
James Deakin, a membrr of the firm of

James A. Deakin & Co. of 1 Union Square,
was taken to North Brother Island yeeter-

Dealers

day, suffering with smallpox. me Byes | afrection and confidence of our people, re-

the apartment house at 304 West 12
a Deakin visited hia sick brot! |,
Thomas A. Deskin, in Bayonne, a corp.
of weekx ago, It has since turned out tuat
Thomas had amal!pox.

Ee
Latest “erine Intelligence.
Arrived: Ss Finance, Colon, Jan. 20; as Minne.
apolis Southampton, Jan, 17. °

— ee

Lexerious Train to Cu. if srota. :

4 lectric lighted “Overland Liinited.” Best uv

Tyersibing en Gente, via Chicago and North West

ern, Union Pacific and Southern Pacific Raliwavs
Offices: 461, 287 and 54) Boow'ys lar

“The wick weuie ys Limite,” aie

the cight dally trains between Nev ork
and Chicago. “ie the New York Central lines. A
ce mprehensive service. Arr

——

LEGALITY OF SENOR HERRAN'S
CREDENTIALS QUESTIONED.

Senator Morgan Also Questions the Le
wality of the Present Government of
Colombia, Whose President, He Says,
Is a Usurper—Foraker’s Sharp Retort.

WasHINGTON, Jan. 26.--Opposition to
the Panama Canal Treaty came in the Sen-
ate to-day from an unexpected quarter
when Senator Morgan offered a resolution
impugning the authority of Sefior Herran,
the Colombian Chargé d'Affaires, to sign
the treaty and attacking the legality of the
present Government of Colombia. Sena-
tor Morgan, however, did not get the oppor-
tunity to make his attack in open session
for the point of order was at o'.ce made
that it was executive business, which point
Was sustained and the doors were closed.

Mr. Morgan offered the resolution in
secret sesaion and addressed the Senate
for upward of two hours in a speech that
surprised the Senators, coming as it did
from the chairman of the Interoceanic
Canal Committee and the man who has
been the lifelong friend of an Isthmian
canal, although wedded to the Nicaragua
route

Mr. Morgan's belief that the credentials
of Sefior Herran are not legal was founded
upon his views of the existing Governinent
of Colombia, which he contended was in
violation of the letter and the spirit of the
Colombian constitution, Marrcquin, the
present President, was, he said, more of a
military dictator than a president ce jure,
hehad ousted the agedClement and assumed
the réle of President. Although Clementi
was now dead, Marroquin continued to hold
au office to which he was never elected,
and by virtue of that fact had no authority
to deputize any person to act for the Govern-
ment in negotiating this treaty.

Senator Foraker interrupted Mr. Morgan
rather sharply to gay that criticisms such
as he was making were an insult to the
President of the United States, who, under
the Constitution, alone had power to recog-
nize Governments and receive and pass
upon the credentials of diplomatic repre-
sentatives. The President had approved
these credentials, and it was not for the
Senate or any member of the Seriate to
question the authority of the parties signing
the convention. .

Another point was raised by Mr. Morgan
that the treaty violated the Oonstitution of
Colombia, which expressly forbids the alien-
ation of territory, and therefore could not
be enforced by this country. This, he
said, could only be overcome by an act of
the Colombian Congresa prior to the rati-
fiertion of the treaty

Senator Hanna said that he had been
charged in the past with opposing all canal
legislation in the interest of the transcon-
tinental railroads; that he had sought to
restrict ‘and prevent legislation.

“That charge,” said Senator Hanna, ad-
dressing hia remark to Mr. Morgan, “I deny,
as [ have denied it inthe past. This treaty
is all right and it ought to be ratified. If
the charge is made that obstructiv® tactics
are being employed it must be laid else-
where.”

Senator Lodge also defended the treaty
and upheld the President and Secretary
Hay. @ ridiculed the idea that cre-
dentials passed upon by the President
could be attacked by the Senate, and char-
acterized the criticism of Mr Morgan as
uncalled for and unwise.

Senator Morgan's resolution waa re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.

NEGROES THREATEN TO RISE.

Warlike Talk at a Mass Meeting in Wash-
ington.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.--At a maas meet-
ing of negroes to-night, under the auspices
of the Afrce-American League, resolu-
tions were adopted heartily indorsing
the course of President Roosevelt in the
appointment of negroes to offices, and
a number of speakers, among them
some of the most prominent colored men
in the Southern States preached a doctrine
impregnated with anarchistic sentiments,
and threatened that unleas in the South
there was an early change in the treatment
of the negro officeholders and the colored
race generally the blacks would resort to
the torch and the sword and lay it waste.

The speaker of the evening was James
H. Hays of Richmond, Va., a lawyer of
ability and one of the counsel in what are
known as the Virginia test cases, now be-
fore the Supreme Court of the United
States. Mr. Hays began his address with
the statement that the negroes in the South
were living in a state of degradation.

“The Atlanta Conatitution has said edi-
torially that negro officeholders will be
looked after by a revival of the Kuklux
Klan, Let me tell the Southern people
right here and now that the negro race of
to-day are not the people who submiasively
submitted to the outrages of the Kuklux
Klan in 1868.

“We have learned a thing or two, and if
any such outrages are inflicted on any of
our people, there will be a rising of our
people and the Southland will be laid waste
in blood and desolation. We are going to
atart something unleas the Southern people
begin to stop something. We do not in-
tend to be crushed any longer. We will
assert our rights, not by argument, not
intellectually, but physically, by force of
arms and with weapons in our hands.”

At the conclusion of the speaking to-night
resolutions were adopted which, after re@.-
ivg the efforts to disfranchise negroes in
various States, said:

We contend for our Constitutional rights
on the ground that the right of suffrage,
which is the basis of the individual sover-
eignty of the American citizen, which in
turn is the basis of the aggregate sovereignty
of the whole body politic, has been conferred
upon its citézens by the Federal Government
The powers of the Federal Government were
not conferred by a single State, but by all of
the States; therefore the National Govern-
ment can enforce the provisions of the Con-
stitution

We appeal to the Congress of the United
States for favorable action upon the several
measures now pending therein for the ap-
pointment of a commission to inquire inta
the condition of the Afro-Americans of the
country

We commend Theodore Roosevelt to the

gacdiess of party affiliation

Tne resolutions aleo denounce mob mur-
ders and protest against ‘‘J.m Crow"’ cars.

Hurnett's Cocoaine kills dandruff, allays irrita-
tion and promotes the growth of the Hair. Aér.

The tAne of Least Resistance
runs along the Hudson River, through the Mohawk
Valley, along Lake Erie and Lake Michigan, to
Chicago, with branches to Cincinnat! and St. Louis,
It is called the New York Central. ~ Ade.

Fast Travel eciiltates Business,

The Pennsyivania Speciai leaves New York aor
dav. Stock reports and a stenorranher on board,

— JANUARY 27,

[AMERICAN SHIP LOST

Stranded Off Aberffraw |

THE CANAL TREATY ATTACKED, |"*7, *™”#"”

Pe ities

right, 1903, by The Sun Printing ond Publishing Association,

GO BOOTBLACKING

nd Won, Though With Tears—Bet Was to
Be Paid at 41 Broad Street.

A cab drove up to the Western Union
telegraph office at Thirty-first street and
Broadway late on Sunday night and a
woman walked into the office. Over her
face, which was blackened, was a veil,
and she carried a bandbox and a green
cloth bag. She asked Manager Shubert
if he wanted his shoes shined, and he said
no, Then she asked the same question of
the four messenger boys who were stand-
ing around, One of the boys called put
his back against the land said he would
like to see how it felt to have a woman
shine his shoes.

The woran knelt on the floor and from
the bandbox took out a bootblack's out-
fi. The cloth bag contained two shoe
brushes. The woman was just beginning
to clean the boy's shoes when she began
to cry.

Then three men who had been in the cab
came into the office.

“You have won the bet, Nell,” said one
of them, “There ix no use of going on
with this.”

The three men and the woman got into
the carriage, One of the men told the
driver to go to a house on Riverside Drive.
At the same time he said to one of the other
men: “If you come to my father's office
at 41 Broad street to-morrow the bet will
be paid.”

WRS. ROCKEFELLERS GIFT.
Wite of John D., Jc., Gives $10,000 to the

¥. W.. A. of Providence.

Provipenog, R. 1., Jan. 26.—-Mrs, John
D. Rockefeller, Jr., has come to the aid of
the Young Women's Christian Association
of this city with a check for $10,000, The
association desires to erect a new building
at a cost estimated at $135,000. It was
decided to make a plea for contributions,
and among those who have responded
is Mrs. Rockefeller, whose name heads the
list.

This is Mrs. Rockefeller's home city.
She is the daughter of Senator Aldrich.
Her familiarity with the work that the
association has done made her all the more
ready to respond to the appeal for financial
assistance.

The association now has $75,000 in cash and
pledges.

Ww. AK. VANDERBILT'S ALIBI.

Wasn't in Auto When It Broke Paris Speed
Law—Duke of Mariborough Was.
special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Paris Jan. 26.—William K, Vander-
bua.) lost no time since hfs arrival here
i. crnosing the sentence passed \.pon him
last October 4) default, to two days’ im-
prisonment and to pay a fine of ten francs
for reckless automobile driving. Counsel
Binoche presented his case to the court,

M. Binoche stated that Mr. Vanderbilt
seldom drove himself, employing a chauf-
feur for that purpose, and that at the time
in question he was not in his automobile,
its only occupant, beside the chauffeur,
being the Duke of Marlborough. The
Duke sent an affidavit to that effect,

The Judge ordered another inquiry into
the matter, the.reeult of which will be sub-
mitted to the court on Feb. 13.

COUNT AUGH J. GRANT OUT.

He Wilt Not Run for Mayor This Fall Against
Mayer Low.

Leader Murphy of ‘Tammany Hall, so his
friends said last night, is casting about
for a candidate for Mayor to contest the
approaching election with Mayor Low:
THE Sun has already said that Mayor Low
is to be renominated by the fusionists.
Leader Murphy seems to understand this
situation, and his friends yesterday said
that he is puzzling to select a man of irre-
proachable character with whom to con-
tront the fusionists. There has been some
talk about the desire of eminent Demo-
crate to bring former Mayor Hugh J. Grant
to the front, for the reason that he made
an excellent Mayor during his two terms,
but it was learned last night that Mr,
Grant cannot be considered as an avail-
able cnudidate. Mr. Grant said:

“It is very —_ to kuow that my
friends in the Democratic party in the city
regard me 80 highly, but you must know
that I cannot accept. a nomination for
Mayor. I had my experience in beimo-
cratic politics in NewYork city for eighteen
years, The Democratic organization was
very kind to me, but I believe I havo repaid
all debts, and 80, if you please, Iam not to be
considered in any way as a candidate for
Mayor this fall. © The quicker this is saic
the better.”

“Who do you think should be the
candidate, Mr. Grant?”

“Well, I don’t kuow,” replied the former
Mayor, “but [I have full faith in the talents
and experience of the Democratic leader
of the city, and I believe Mr. Murphy and
his friends will see to it that a Democrat of
wisdorn, vane and high integrity
is nominated to confront the candidacy
of Mayor Low.”

NEW VOLCANO IN) MEXICO.

Ventana Mountain Splits at the’ Top and
Belches Fire and Smoke.

AvusTIN, Tex., Jan. 26.—A despatch from
Chihuahua, Mexico, says that American
prospectors and others who have just
arrived at Guerrero, the nearest railroad
point from the Batopilas mining district,
report that an active voleano has broken
forth about twenty miles norihwest of that
place, near Urique.

Earthquake shocks had been felt at
Batopilas and other places in that region
for several days, and the climax of the
seismic disturbance was reached on the
morning of Jan. 23, when a terrific ex-
plosion occurred which rent Ventana
Mountain, one of the highest peaks of
that part of the Sierra Madre range, in
twain, and a roar of flame and smoke burst
forth from a hidden crater.

The inhabitants of the villages in the
neighborhood of the mountain fled from
their homes in terror and many of them
have taken refuge in Urique. So far as is
known no lives were lost

SNOWBALLED BY CHOIR ROYS.

Neighbor of Dr. Houghton’s Charch Com-
plains to Tenderloin Police.

C. D. Roy of 13 Fasi Twenty-ninth street
went to the Tenderloin station last night
and complained that the choir boys of the
Church of the Transfiguration, the “Little
Chureh Around the Corner” were annoy-
ing him and his family. When not beating
drums and singing, Mr. Roy said, the boys
were bombarding every one in the street
with snowlLalls.

Capt. O'Reilly assigned two detectives
to make an investiortion.

Beats Wireiess Telegraph.

Tne New York Central's “20th Century Limited”
is more satisfactory than wireless telegraph, as it
ge's you there and you can deliver your own mes
Sage end receive an immediate anawer.--Adr.

"Tween Luncheon and Breakfast
The Penravivania Special inakes a dally trip from
New Yark to Chicago. Palaiial equipment. Ade

Point, Near Holyhead.

| HER NAME NOT YET REPORTED.

Seventeen of Her Crew Sad
to Have Landed.

The Others Are Belleved to Have Been
Lost—The Vessel a Total Wreck-—Not
on the Course of the St. Paul, Which
Left Cherbourg on Sunday After a
Slight Accident to One of Her Cylinders

Special Cable Despatch fo THE SUN
HOLYHEAD, Jan, 26.—Seventeen
forming part of the crew of an Atnerican

thet,

liner, which stranded in a gale off Aberffraw
Point,

boats,

have come ashore here in. small

The remainder of the crew failed
to land owing to the heavy sea that is run
ning. Her

name has not yet been reported

The vessel is a total wreck

The despatch above apparently refers
to tome American steamer which sailed
to or from Liverpool and not to the St.
Paul of the American Line, for her course
to New York from Cherbourg would noi
bring her anywhere near Holyhead in the
Irish Sea.

The American Line steamship St. Paul
sailed from Cherbourg Sunday. Shortly
after she sailed from Southampton on Sat-
urday one of her cylinders broke down
but her depature from Cherbourg was
taken to mean that she was all righ! for
the trip to New York.

Aberffraw Point is on the coast of Wales
about ten miles southeast of Holyhead

STEAMSHIPS COLLIDE AT SEA.

Georgic and Saxon King Strike Each Other
in Mid-Ocean—Both Go On Again.

Boston, Jan. 26.—Late this afternoon
the Puritan Line steamer Saxon King from
Rotterdam to Boston arrived here and re-
ported having been in collision in mid-
ocean on the night of Jan. 19 with the White
Star freighter Georgic, New York for Liver-
pool.

The Saxon King was badly damaged
When she came into port her forward com-
partment was full of water, her stern
crushed in and the port side of her deck
swept clean of railings and fittings.

The collision occurred between 7 and 8
o’clock during a thick haz>. Capt. Smith
of the Saxon King says that he was pro-
ceeding at a slow speed, sounding his fog
horn constantly, when the lights of the
Georgie were made out dead ahead. He
ordered the helm thrown hard aport, ex-
pecting that the Georgic wou!ld pass under
the stern of his vessel, but instead the White
Star veasel swung in toward him and the
two steamers came together with a crash
Engines were quickly reversed and the
vessels lay to until daybreak to ascertain
what damage had been done. Then they
went on their respective courses

One man is missing from the Saxon King,
but Capt, Smith thinks he jumped aboard
the Georgic when they were together
Just. what damage the Georgie sustained
people on the Saxon King could not say,
but they did not think it was so serious
as their own.

The Georgie arrived at
Sunday last.

SCHOONER LUCE'S CREW SAVED.

Captain Was Drowned tn the Collision With
Another Vessel on Friday.

Boston, Jan. 26.—Early this morning
the steamer Chattahoochee from Savannah
for Boston, when off Chatham, sighted the
wreck of the schooner Hattie C. Luce, the
vessel run into by the schooner John H.
Buttrick off Cape Cod late on last Friday
night, and, bearing down upon her in re-
sponse to distress signals, rescued the four
men left on board after the two schooners
drifted apart.

The Luce lost her three masts in the
collision and until last night had been at
the mercy of wind and sea. The men
succeeded in getting an anchor to hold
last night, but had been kept busy working
the pumps ever since the collision

It was learned from the rescued men
who were landed this afternoon that the
man lost in trying to clamber aboard the
Buttrick at the time of the collision was
Capt. L. Beal of the Luce. He and
three of the men were on deck at the time
the two schooners came together They
made a flying leap for the forechains of
the Buttrick, but only two succeeded in
reaching her. Capt. Beal fell between
the vessels and was drowned. A Nor-
wegian lad had his leg badly crushed, but
fell back on the deck of the Luce and was
saved.

The three uninjured men kept their
ship afloat with great difficulty, as she
was laden with 500 tons of cut granite.
The Luce was bound for New York from
Vinal Haven, Me.

TOOK TO THE YAWL

Crew of a Sunken Barkentine Fifty-two
Hours ih Reaching Safety.

Wiuuinoton, N. C., Jan. 26.--Capt. Gil-
bert and crew of the American barkentine
Nineveh, bound from New York to May-
port, arrived this evening at the Cape
Fear Life Saving station. Their vessel sank
on ursday last off this coast. Captain
and crew took to the yaw! boat and landed,
after fifty-iwo hours’ ai ruggle, at Lock-
wood's oar N. C., later going to the life
saving station.

Liverpool on

BOAT.

PREACHER OWNS TO GARBEENG. |

The Rev. W. J. Kolt Confesses That He
Won £6,000 Laat Week

WHEELING, W. Va., Jan, 26.-The Rev.
W. J. Holt, the former young pastor of the
Elkins, W. Va., Methodist k.pa-copal Church,
last night confessed that he had fallen from
grace, had won $5,000 in the past week
oy gambling and had bought property
with the proceeds.

The young clergyman recently cave up
his church and had been living at Mounds-
ville for a few weeks.

Seaboard Florida Limited
Choice of rocm: at St. Augustine Hotel goes to
first arrivals. hose who travel by the Seaboard
Florida Limited will be comfortably located before
the later arrivalsofothertrains. Office, 1183 i’ way,
—Adr

| over.

occasionally in a game of football

j talk is all bosh
j with all my heart, even if there are broken

TUESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1008.
Fair and warmer to-day; fair to-morrow, «

PROF, MOMMSEN BURNED.

His Hair Catches Afire From a Candle In
His Library.
; Special Cable Despatch (7 THE SUN,

BERLIN, Jan. 26.—A f.w days ago Prof.
Mommsen narrowly escaped a possibly
fatal ace’'dent. He had climbed a library
‘edder to reach a book, when the candle
he was carrying ignited his long white
He called for help, but kept his

sence of miid He wrapped his head
in h’s coat ard smothered the flames.

When h's family arrived the danger was
Part of his hair was destroyed and
his face was slightly injured. He was
little concerned and exclaimed, facetiously,
“Now my beauty is spoiled.”

WHAT TF FOOTBALL DOES KILL?

The Rev. Mr. McPherson Says He Prefers

an Aceldent to Rotting In College.

PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 26.--The Rev. Simon
Joli MePherson, headmaster of the Law-
renceville, N. J., preparatory school, in an
address before the Presbyterian Social
Union to-night sa'd:

“I would rather have one student killed
than

hatir

have all (he bovs rot to death in college.
“The boy must develop physically, spirit-
vally and intellectually, I don't believe in
these persons who decry football. Such
{ am in favor of football

legs, sprained ankles and bumped heads.
The iniellectual life should be as strenuous
The spiritual life is not a
Tt should take in

as it can be,
watertight compartment.
everything or nothing.”

LYNCHED IN WEST VIRGINIA,

Hangs a Man in a Remote Piace—
Gov, White Stirred Up.

Wueetina, W. Va. Jan. 26.--Frank
Mitchell, charged with shooting Henry
Mitchell, was lynched in Boone county,
near Williamston, on Sunday. Forty men
took him from the jail, which is thirty-five
miles from the nearest telegraph station,
and hanged him. It is evident that the
friends of the dead man, who were nu-
merous, incited the lynching.

The situation is so grave that Gov, White
in a special message to the Legislature,
to-day, recommended the adoption of a
measure to put a stop to lynching and at
the same time provide a method for in-
vestigating the present case.

Mob

GERMS LIVED SEVEN’ YEARS.

Wife Overhauls Husband's Clothing and
Catches Disease He Died Of.
Much interest has been aroused by the
death in Hicksville, L. 1, on Saturday
night of Mrs. Hugh Benniker. Her hus-
band died about seven years ago, after
being married a year. The cause of his

death was typhoid pneumonia.

Two weeks ago Mrs. Benniker for the
firet time went over his clothing, which
she had stored away in a trunk in the garret
after his death. A few days later she was
taken ill with the same disease. The doc-
tors say shecaught the disease from germs
in the clothing.

GOV. DOLE'S WHISKERS AFIRE.

Hawaltl's Chief Executive Has an Accident
While Playing Santa Claus.
Hosour.y, Jan. ‘9, via San Francisco,
Jan. 26. The picturesque Dole whiskers
that have furnished much material for cari-
eaturists came near being lost at a Christ-
mas festival in Kona. Gov. and Mrs, Dole

hgpent the festival with the family of Eben

Low and Mr. Dole was cast for Santa Claus
because of bis luxurigiat whiskers, A
lighted candle on the tree set the Guber-
natorial whiskers aflame and before they
could be extinguished about two inches
were burned off.

(N ARGENTINE BABY.

Hopes of Putnam Bradlee Strong Ex pressed
in Joint Letter.

4 Jetter has heen received in New York
from Putnam Bradlee Strong and May
Yohe-Hope-Strong, written at Buenos
Avres The letter was to the effect,
it is anid, that the Strongs had Ieft New
York because they couldn't bear to think
of the possibility of becoming parents of
a Yankee baby

LOUISIANA SHERIFF KILLED.

Negro Storekeeper—Murderer
Lynched by a Posse.

New OrveaNs, Jan. 26. Louis F, Ory,
Sheriff of St. Charles) parish, was) mur-
dered this morning at Luling on the Texas
and Pacific Railroad, about forty miles from
New Orleans, by James Jackson, a negro
storekeeper.

Jackson wax killeda few hours afterward
by the party of white men who went in search
of him ¥° was captured some six or seven
miles frofnm Luling, dragged back with a
rop- around his neck, and fr quently shot
on the way.

Shot by a

FIRE IN WASHINGTON, N. J.

Biggest Confiagration There Since the

Burning of the Organ Factory.

WASHINGTON, Warren county, N.J., Jan.
26. The laindy clock case factory, the
Alleger lumber yard, the Schillingwood
ce rving factory, a steam leundry and the
R ese urderwear factory are burning aid
at 16 o'clock it looks as if they would be
destroyed, The loss will be about $75,000
This isthe largest fire here since the Beatty
organ factory was burned twenty yeare
ago. Seventy men will be thrown out o
employment

The President Starts for Canton, Ohto,

WastInaton, Jan. 26.-President Roose-
velt left Washington at 12:30 o'clock to-night
for Canton, Ohio, to attend the McKinley
birthday banquet in that city to-morrow
night. He was accompanied by Secretary
Root, Secretary Cortelyou, Gen, Leonard
Wood, Col. T. A. Bingham, U. 8. A., Capt
W. S. Cowles, U S N., Surgeon-General
Rixey, Assistant S-cretary of Agriculture
Brigham, Representative R. W. Tayler,
Charles Emory Smith, two stenographers
and a representative of each of the three
press associations

The narty travelled in 4 special tralu
over the Pennsylvania road, and will reach
Canton early to-morrow afternoon. The
President will leave Canton at 1 o'clock
on Wednesday morming and will arrive
in Washington at 5 o'clock in the afternoon.

Cornelius Vanderbilt Going South.

Cornelius Vanderbilt, who has been
convalescing from typhoid fever, will start
with his wife for the South on Saturday.

Dewars Scotch--Finest Imported.
Without @ peer, yet made for peers. —Adr.

——— ee
Winter Carnival at Saranac Lake.
February 34, 4th and Sth. Round trip tickets
1.0. Incvire of New York Central or West

Shore Ticket Agents Adr.

Sano onan nn anaeeaennnaean
TWO, CENTS.

PRICE

DOBLIN RETRACTS HIS STORY.

HE SAYS HE LIED
$5,000 BRIBERY

(KOUT THE
OFFER,

Declares That Lessier Persunaded Him tae
Swear Falsely—Says Quigg Never Made
an Offer of ®5,000 or Any Other Sum
to Secure Leasier's Vote for the Hek
land Boats and That He Lied When
He So TestiNed—Didn't Know That
He Could Be Punished for Perjury
and Never Thought That His Testte
mony Would Injure Quigg--Says Leas
ler Assured Hina It Would Be All Right,

WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.--There were sens
sational developments to-day in the ine
vestigation before the House Naval Com-
mittee of the bribery charges made by
Representative Montague Lessler. in cone
nection with the purchase of Holland
submarine boats. Philip Doblin, who on
Saturday declared that Quigg had sent
him to Lessler with a proposition that
he should receive 86,000 if le voted to buy
Holland boats, and that there was §1,000
in it for him (Dobliny in case he did, de
nied his former testimony in that respect
in toto. He further gave the lio to Lesser
by declaring that he had sworn to a false-
hood when he said that he had told Lessler
that Quigg had sent him with an offer o!
a bribe. f

He startled the committee by declaring
that he had been told by Lessler that he
miust substantiate the story he (Lessler)
had told the committee in respect to
bribery, and that without thought that he
was committing a crime, or giving eon-
sideration to the consequences, he had
gone before the sub-committee and Hed
and then before the full committee and
sworn to a falsehood. He did this, he
said, to vindicate Lessler, because Leseler
told him to do so,

The amazing feature was Doblin’s manner.
He was entirely unconcerned as to what he
had done, and testified with no more show of
excitement or hesitation than he had ex-
hibited on Saturday, when, according to
his statement to-day, he swore to a He.
There was absolutely no change in his
demeanor. He told one story with the
same boldness and reckless disregard of
truth or of consequences as he told the
other, He admitted that he was simply
doing what he was told to do and the
thought never entered his mind that he
was doing wrong. On Saturday his only
aim was to help Lessler. To-day his pur-
pose was to vindicate Quigg.

That is just the view which certain mem-
bers of the committee take of the matter,
and the plan is to make Doblin the scape-
goat in order to let both Lessler and Quigg
down easy. To this end, when the time

comes, a report wil! be made of the tindings
of the committee. It will contain no recom-
mendations, and an effort will be made to
allow the matter to drop, and the work of
defeating the proposition to buy submarine
boats will have been accomplished. What
action, if any will be taken against Doblin
is as yet undecided.

Leonard J. Overmeir, an attorney mene
tioned by Doblin as a man who, he had told
Quigg, might be able to influence Lessler,
was the first witness of the day. In the
mit of his testimony a young man arose
and asked to be heard. He introduced
himself as Gustavus Rogers and said he
was present as counsel for Philip Doblin.
He held in his hand a bundle of papera
and created a sensation in the co ee
by saying that Doblin had told him’a part
of the testimony he had given before the
committee was false. He said he had a
sworn statement from Doblin admitting
the whole truth,and that Doblin was present
and ready to return to the witness stand
and tell all the facts,

Rogers asked to be allowed to read Dob-
lin's statement, and some discussion amon,
the members followed as to whether it sho
be admitted

The statement which Rogers had was not
admitted, and Doblin was recalled, The
oath was administered and he was re-
quested to tell the truth in the statement he
was about to make.

Rogers asked that the committee grant
immunity to Doblin

Mr. Butler— No, nothing of the kind.

Mr Tavier.- The committee has no power
toextendimmunity. The immunity is fixed |
by statute, and the committee cannot
change or modify it.

In answer to a preliminary question by
Mr. Tayler, Doblin said there was a part of
lis previous testimony chat Was Gnirue and
that he desired to correct and change it.

Mr Tayler Will you state to the com.
mittee in what respeets the testimony that
youthen gave is not true?

Mr Doblin tt is in relation te my being
ealled to Washington? and in relation to the
conversation that | had with Congressman
Lessier at the Hotel Normandie on Sat ay
morning at 8 o'clock or thereabouts

Mr Tayler—Tell us what the fact isin that
respect?

Mr. Doblin) The fact is that the statements
Tl made regording Mr Quigg are®not true,
I read the article as it was handed to me,
and 1 was told by Lessler. “You have got
to etand for this sterv,” and I said, “Oh, that
can't be done.” Then he said. “f am politi-
eally dead.” Then I said, “Well, you carry
me with vou” He said “You will be all
right You just appear before this committee,
1 will co and see the Speaker and T will fix
it up.” He goes ont of the room and comes
back and said he had seen the Speaker and
it would be all right “Now all vou have
got to do is to go up to the committee and
substantiate my story ”

fo Mr. Rogers Will vou let me have
those telegrams, ple ise? When [ waa called
to Washington got this telegram:

“Take midnight train and come to me. Want
toxee you. Keep this eontidential, Monty.”

Knowing that it came from Washington
and sisned as some other correspondence [
had received, of course | immediately com-
plied. Monty is Congressman Lessler,

Mr Tavior— Proceed

Mr Doblin. While we were at breakfast
I was reading the article, familiarizing my-
self astothe statement he had made, and when
we got upstairs he said, “Do as you want t
aboutit " “Well,” Tsaid, “LT never can stand
for anything like this ° Oh,” he saya, “you
have got to.” He says, “I will be back ina
minute " He went out of the room and he
came back and he said: “I will have Bon
come to you. TI will go down and see
committee.” and just before he said: “Now,
vou needn't have any fear. There is nothing
going to happen to vou You appear before
this committee and that's all there will be to
it They will report to the whole committee
and there won't be anvthine further to it.”

The Congressman left the room. laid
on the sofa: took the paper again and read
it over and in about half an hour or three-
quarters, it may have been a liltle more or
less, in comes Son He says: “You coma
along with ne and we will get into the
tol all rieht Nobody will see you, ou
will be able to co up through a side elew "
which is right close to the Naval Comm
door and you can get in and J will see
nobody sees you.” I came to the door
that is, I was at the elevator door there,
standing at the door, and Son says, “W a
minute.” Son came in this door in
quite a few minutes the elevator was
to eo down and Son came out of the dare
and f says, “Just a minute, Mr r
man,” and Son came out and took
me to the other room and the door
opened. I think it was Mr Fosscame te the
door and the other gentlemen were «
about, and Son says, “This is Mr. Doblin,
or something to that effect, I don't know
the exact language The other gentlemen
all shook hands with me and had me take a
sent. T sat down and after a little time Mr,
Foss handed me a cigar. 1 took the cigar
and smoked it

The first thing I knew one of the gentlemen
of the committee I had explained toy rela-
tions in polities im N York city and how
long I had been in politics one of the gentle-
men said: “When was it Mr Quigg to
you that there was $5,000 in it for Lansh nd
$1,000 for you?” tAnd I aaid, “No sir; I didn't
Say that at that time” All the gentlemen
around said: “It is all right: you go on,” and
then there was a discussion in the ree@ as to