VOL. LXXVIIL—NO, 94,

 

 

ASKS FOR INQUIRY
ON BARLOW'S ACTS

 

Sties is only $9,900, but the petition says,

ree

Release of Three Crooks on;
Low Bail Goes to Court |
for Review.

_

 

'
|
'

GOV. HUGHES ORDERED IT

District Attorney Whitman Brings |
the Case to the Ap-

peliate Division.

|
!

 

 

District Attorney Whitman filed a peti-
tion with the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court yesterday asking the
eourt to take such action as it deemed
| roper against City Magistrate Peter T |
Rarlow because he accepted insufficient
(ail for three burglars arrested here on
‘he complaint of a Boston jeweller, as the
result of which the burglars jumped their
ail last March and have not been appre-
handed since.

The Dis.rict Attorney's action follows!
an investigation he made of the circum-
stances surrounding the acceptance of
bail of 36,000 each for the three men, who
were accused of stealing jewelry worth!
$15,000 in Boston and were wanted in|
Philadelphia and New Haven for a total |
of $20,000 worth additional of stolen stuff |
Pistrict Attorney Whitman acted at the|
request of Gov. Hughes. with whom a;
complaint was filed against Magistrate,
Barlow's action by Gov. Draper of Massa-
chusette last August

The Governor of New York has no
jurisdiction to dispose of charges against
City Magistrates. and hence Giov Hughes
requested Mr. Whitman bot! personally |
and in writing to cause ct |
presented to the Appellare |
\esistant District Aitrorney Mose handed |
ip the District Altorney's petition to the
court yesterday without making any
‘tatement concerning the contents of
the petition. Austen G Fox, of counsel
for Magistrate Barlow, submitted his
reply to the petition ‘The court =

i

arges to be
Division

decision

The petition relates the circumstances
of the arrest of Harris Rothstein, Jacob
Goldberg and Joseph Goldberg by Head-
“uarters Detectives Duggan,
and O'Parre!!

hKinstler
The prisoners were well
known to the police. although they knew
Rothstein bes: as The Smith, Joseph
Goldberg as Red Tracy and Jacon Gold-
herg as Itzky the Mouse The police
entertained some respect for The Smith
1# thé inventor of a “can opener” which
opened safes without much difficulty
and said that one of the three men had
confessed that he and the other two had
fone the Boston job

Boston, Philadelphia and New Haven
had all sent requests to New York for the
inree men, and when they were picked
ip the police concluded that the Boston
‘rick would be easiest to prove because

leo 4 mortgage of

secnmstesasrmtngs cel JERSEY | SCHOOLBOYS

 

 

       

bail of the Goldbergs. Glick's property
waa not worth $10,000, asx he atated, but
only $26,000, and there was a roortgage
of $29.000. The equity in the two proper-

that under an execution sale that amount
is not likely to be realized. The District
Attorney found that both Glick and
Sechery had transferred their property
after they found that the men had
skipped, but when contempt proceedings
were threatened the owners had the
property reconveved to them

The District Attorney's petition con-
cludes

“The direction by the Governor of the
State of New York tha: your petitioner
investigate this matter and lay it be-
fore the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court was the result of representations
made to him by the Governor of Massa-
chusetis and the appeal of citizens of
that Commonweaith, wherein the integrity
of the judicial process of the State of
New York was impugned

“Wherefore vour petitioner prays that
vou will proceed to hear the evidence of
the facts alleged in this petition and that
you will deal with the same according to
the law and the practice of the courts.”

In his anawer Magiairate Barlow says:

“I acted in entire good faith and relied
upon the statemenis made to me by a
reputable atrorney a! law and upon
sworn affidavits of bondamen and in the
belief that those bondsmen had sufficieni
equities in the property to cover the
bond.”

The Magistrate declares that he had
no idea that the burglars were accused of
taking $35.00 worth of goods, but that
the only complaint against them was
made bv Ullian, involving $14,000. He)
thought that the willingness of the bonda- '
men to come to his house and take oath |
to the value of their property was auffi-
cient indication that they were making
truthful statements

In a statement concerning the case |
District Attorney Whitman said: '

“Magistrate Barlow is a personal friend
of mine and | have always had full con-
fidence in his official integrity, but the
charges are serious, and it is clearly my
duty to seo to it that the complainant's
case is fairiy and fully presented to the
Appellate Division for such action aa it
may deem right and proper ”

In behalf of Magistrate Barlow his
counsel, Austen G. Fox and Isidor J.
Kresel, made this statement

“There is no charge that Judge Bariow |
acted in bad faith in accepting the bonds |
in question The whole thing resolves
itaelf into this: That Judge Barlow ac- |
cepted a bond from two men who claimed
that their equity in certain real estate
waa $20.00, and now some real estate |
experts say that their equity is leas than |
that sum |

“The District Attorney does not ask |
for Judge Barlow's removal, but simply |
brings to the attention of the Appellate |
Division the faets in connection with |
the taking of these bonds. Judge Barlow
has done nothing for which he is liable |
to charges. and his counsel have every
reason to believe that the Court will so
hold ”

The dav the two burglars disappeared
Mrs Sechery, wife of one of the bondamen,
said that Lawyer Sachs had aroused her |
sympathy by telling her how innocent
men were in jasdandunable to prove their
innocence unless they got bail. She said |
that Sachs took her and her husband to
the Jefferson Market prison and showed |
her the weeping wives of the prisoners,
whieh touched her and caused her to
induce her husband and her brother to
go bail for the men Lawyer Sachs)
asserted that he didn't know the men!
had jail records and thought they were)
tailors living in Goerck street who were |

|

en

 

 

| demonstration

STRIKE.

VOUNGSTERS GO THROUGH THE |
MOTIONS OF THEIR ELDERS, |

  

* NEW YORK, SATURDAY, DECEMBER. 3, 1910.—coovrist.’:010, ty me Sun Printing and P

SAY BANK CLERK STOLE $1,600

Mrs. Lavinia Sehmidt, Lett Unguar
Commits Suickte at Sister's Home. j
Mrs. Lavinia Schmidt, who resided with |

her widowed sister, Mrs. Charles EF.)

Gautier, and the latter's son, jumped |

JUMPED FROM FOURTH STORY.'
ed, ©

 

at —_—

 

 

CORNEW ALL A. ARNOLD OF THE
CORN EXCHANGE ARRESTED.

 

Three Municipalities Are Arected-Jante from the fourth story window of her He Appears From the Bank's Books at its

tor Mebbed ani ‘““‘Seabs"' Terrortzed
Cops Called te Scenes of Disturh-
ances Crisis te Come on Monday. }

An epidemic of strikes broke out yester- |
day among schoolboys in three Hudson
county, New Jersey, municipalities, caus-
ing many black marka for absences and:
tardiness in Public Schools 21 in Jersey
City, 7 in Hoboken and 7 in North Bergen
and much anxiety among the principals
and teachers in the strike zone. It is be-
lieved that the boys were infected by left
over germs from the expressmen’s recent
strike

The trouble in School 21, Jersey City, |
was precipitated by a brilliant idea in the.
noddle of one Felix Seneke. a fourteen. ,
year-old pupil, that a strike would prevent !
Principal W. Allen Messler from carrying
out Superintendent of Schools Henry
Snyder's plan to distribute the grammar
achool pupils of 21 among other schools
when new Public School 32, at Seventh
and Coles street, is opened on Monday

Daniel Barry and other small boys
whose ages range from 9 to 15 got their
heads together yesterday morning and

————ES—— SE

| decided that in union there is strength,

and about seventy-five youngsters who
feared they were slated to go to School +
voted to hold out against the transfer
and stick to the last for a three hour
school day.

The trouble developed during
noon hour. Principal Messier noticed
that the boys didn't trudge upstairs when
the firat bel! rang for the afternoon eea-
sion. He got busy right away and found
out that he had a strike on his hands
He went down to the courtyard and
learned from several scared youngsters
that threats had been made by the ring-
leaders that their heads would be punched
if they went in. He usec a lot of moral
suasion and telephoned the Second
precinct station tosend a cop right around,
Then he went back to his desk and the roll
call in the class rooma showed at least

|
seventy-five absentees. A score of |

the

to

got their courage back when a policeman
put ip an appearance and twenty tardy
ones strolled in late.

The strikers gathered in Thirteenth
street after school was in and made a
They velled and shrieked
their indignation and shouted “Scab!”
at the boys inside until heada popped
from the windows of residences all along
the block. The teachers and pupils were
disturbed by the racket and Principal
Messler notified the police that he wanted
the strikers dispersed. Policemen Neely,
Beggans and Ryan, who were doing
reserve duty. were sent around in a hurry

| and they charged on the trouble makers.

The strikers, reenforced by a number
of big boys who don't goto school, re-
turned to the achool building at 3 o'clock
at the close of the session and waited for
the “seabs” to come out There waa a
rush at the first bunch to appear and
one amall youngster was punched in the
nose He ran hack to his class room
gripping the bleeding feature His
teacher reported to the principal what
had occurred. and Prof. Messier held back
all those hoya against whom the strikers
had a grievance” Later they
corted out of the strike territory by oe
and sent to their homes

In the meantime Policeman Patsy Kelly
had his handsfull in the street with strikers

were es.

ps

‘ney already had a confession. The Bos) ,ounced pon by the police when they | and one, George Monaco, 15 years old. of

‘on complainant was Samuel L Ullian,
| jeweller, who had identified two of the
men as those who cracked bis safe and got
away with $15,000 worth of jewelry and
who identified a watch found on the third.

The men were arraigned before Mag-
strate Barlow in the Jefferson Market
court on March ™% and were held for
torty-eight hours for investigation. U1-
jan and a Boston detective appeared and
notified the Court that the Maasachusetts
authorities had applied for the extra-
dition of the prisoners. Benjamin Saran-
son, a New Haven jeweller. accompanied
ny a detective of that city. was on hand
to demand the arrest of the men if thav
were not held for the Boston robbery.

The District Attorney's petition sava
that Detective Duggan told Magistrate
Rarlow that the defendants had stolen
jewelry of a total value of $35,000 and that
witnesses were on hand to prove it. A
formal charge of burglary was made
\gainat the prisoners in which it was as-
serted that some of the jewelry stolen
from Ullian and Saranson had heen found
n the possession of the defendants

Detective Duggan asked that bail he
‘xed at $20,009 for #ach, but Lawyer
Moses A. Sachs, who appeared for the
prisoners, objected and the Magistrate
‘xed bail at $10,000 each. Sacha pro
tested against this bail also, but the Mag
istrate held them in bail of that sum for!
examination on March 3 j

The petition says that on the night)

~achs induced David J. Giuek of 3671
troadway to act as bondsaman for Roth- |
sin and Harry Sechery of 272 |
lenth street to give bail for the Gold-
verges Lawyer Sachs got Magistrate
Harlow to reduce the bail to $5,000 for
each defendant and accept the bondamen |

were coming home from the theatre with |
their families j

ee '
NEW P. BE. A. HE ADOT ARTERS.

Mrs. Beiment Pians to Sere Popular
Price Luncheens There.

‘The new beadquarters of the Political
Equality Association at 1 East Thirty-
fourtb street will be formally opened on
Monday. Mrs. ©. H. P. Belmont was!
there yesterday afternoon looking over
he premises and giving directions to her |
manager, Miss Mary Donnelly.

“I have decided that it would be foolish |
to let any of this space goto waste,” said |
Mrs. Belmont, with a gesture toward the |
further end of the long room, “and so we
are going to use part of it for a lunch |
room. | hope it will be patronized, for |
we are going to give good food at very |
moderate prices.”

Miss Donnelly explained that the lunches
were all to be served A la carte and that
no one article would cost more than five
cents except chicken, which will coat ten

There will bea pianoin the front part of
the room, which will be divided from the
restaurant by screens, and dances will be
given frequently for the young people of
the neighborhood.

Political meetings will be held several
times each week.

WAI RETANIGS FLYING

 

TRir.

 

234 Erie street. threw a stone at the
just as he had seen the express #trik ers |
do Patsy caught Monaco after a sharp
chase and toted him to the station house |
The prisoner was taken at onee to the |
juvenile court and sentenced to one day's |
imprisonment in the City Prison

An 165 o'clock vesterdav afternoon
fifty bovs whose ages range from 10 to 14
went to Public School 7, at Park avenne)!
and Newark street, Hoboken. and de-
clared that they were on strike for a four!
hour school day | One of the bovs with aj
bit of chareoa! vled demands |
on the doorstep of the school and et
the crowd began to hoot and vell

cop

acral the
Janitor
Tom Henry heard the demonstration and |
lit into the hookev plaving strikers with |
arattan The bovs returned the fight |
charging on the janitor with sticks and
stones Henry wielded bis rattan with!

the head and chest and then he beat an!
ignominions retreat The vanaguishing}
of the janitor increased the fury of the |
rebels and they redoubled their vella and
made demands for the “scuba” to come
out and “get theirs
Fearing that the pupils in the school!
would become (frightened at the uproar!
in the street, Principal Joho Garth Cole- |
man made the rounds of the class rooms)
and counselled the teachers to tell the |
children there was no reason for them to
get alarmed) = The teachers succeeded in!

sister's residence, at 260 West Ninety- |
firat street, yesterday afternoon and was
killed instantly. Her act was attributed
to temporary insanity.

Policeman John Donohue had the body
removed to the West 100th street station, |
where it remained several hours. This

was because neither Mrs. Gautier nor her | other and two sisters in an apartment |
Charles, was at home at the time. | house at 541 Weat 123d street, was arrested |
They bad left Mrs. Sehmidt in the care! yesterday afternoon at 111 Broadway and | was appointed

ron.

of the three servants and had gone
shopping The servants were so excited
that they were unable to give the woman's
name to the police, much less a coherent
statement, and consequently the body
was taken away.

Mrs. Schmidt in her leap landed near
the gutter. When Mre. Gautier returned
home several hours later she informed
the police that her sister had been suffer-

ing from nervousness
Mrs) Schmidt was 44 vears old Her
husband, from whom she had been

separated for five years, is Edmund P
Schmidt, said by Charles E. Gautier to
have been in the banking business in thia
city, but now of Philadelphia

Mr. Gautier said last uight that a nurse
had been in almost constant attendance
upon his aunt for a year, but the family
had dispensed with her services only on
Thursday. Steps, he said, had been taken
toward having Mrs Setynidt committed
to some sanitarium

Mrs Schmidt and Mra Gautier were
the daughtera of James G. McNainara,
who made considerable monev in Dublin
before coming to New York. Mra Gau-
tiers husband, who died in 1900, was the
son of J Ho Gantier, who founded the
Cambria Steel Works (Charles E. Ganu-
tier succeeded his father in steel euter-
prises

AVAATOR POST INJURED.

—— ee

Falls 60 Feet (After Gust Hits Wachine
Plane Wrecked.

Dec 2 —Auguatus
one of the aviators in the meet
here, was injur when his machine, up
%/ feet, was caught in a heavy gust of
wind late this afternoon and swept to
earth He sustained bruises about the
face and body and was knocked uncon-
scious He was rushed to his hotel in an
automobile and ia under the care of a
physician

There was great excitement among the
6.000 spectators in the grand stand when
Post fell and 2,000 people dashed on the
field and thronged around the wrecked
biplane

New On-eaNS, La,
Post,

A telegram received at the offices of

Glenn H. Curtiss from FE D. Moore at
New Orleans last night read
“Post slightly hurt Nothing serious.
Machine wrecked. Others successful.”
Among the “others” referred to who are
flying at the meet are Ely, McCurdy and

Ward

STRIKE AT VASSAR COLLEGE.

Four of the Six Chefs Quit Their Jobs and
the Firth Is 1 in Bed.

Povroukerersie, Dec 2 Vassar College
is facing the same emergency that often
confronts the housewife when the cook
leaves without warning and a houseful
of guests are expected for dinner. Four
out of the six chefa at the college struck
to-day for shorter hours and quit their
jobs. The fifth chef ia i) in bed and the
sixth is helpless to meet the demands of
oue thousand hungry girle.

There are no walking delegates in
cookery or gastronomic unions at Vassar
College ‘The kitchen is ruled by a serious
minded voung woman, Mies Bahret, an
assistant to the steward. She ia a new-

|}eomer and it is claimed that she bas made

several wiuweleome changes. For one
thing ehe deprived each chef of one of his
assistants and increased the daily tour
of service from eight to eleven hours
Dissatisfaction has been i the air for
some time. This afternoon four of the
oldest chefs, who have been at the college
from eight to twenty years, held a con-
ference, at the conclusion of which they
removed their caps, threw off their aprons
and marched grimly to the door leading
outward It is upto Vassar to get four
new chefs

BEATS FLIGHT SPEED RECORD.

Hamilton Viles at the Mate of Seventy-
nine Miles an Hoar.

Mewpuis, Tenn , Dec 2? The breaking

' i
| good effect until stones struck him in] of the world's speed record in a biplane

by Charles K Hamilton marked the sec-
ond day of the international aviation meet
to-day Hamilton made four miles in
Iminutes Leecond an average of 792 miles
an bour, exceeding his own previous
record of 64.6 miles an hour, made on a
mile track at Sacramento, Cal.
Arrangements are heing made for a
race with a faat Illinois Central train
from Memphis to Grenada, Miss., a dis-
tance of slightly over a hundred miles.
John B. Moisant announced to-night
that he would try for the $56,000 prize

; She's Got to Get Here December 15 and | quieting the youngsters and class work | offered by the Commercial Appeal for a
before the men were to be arraigned) 4,6: ack Two Days Before Christmas. | was resumed, although the children were | sixteen mile flight up the Mississippi

IL» loeal office of the Cunard Line is a
bit perturbed over the problem of send- |
ing of the turbine giantess Mauretania |
two weeks from to-day on the swiftest
round trip ever undertaken by a trans-
atlantic steamship. The schedule is that |
she shall arrive here on the night of |

 

noticeably inattentive the remainder of
the session. j

Principal Coleman reported in full to!
Supt. A. J. Demarest the exciting events |
of the afternoon just as soon as he had a |
chance, and Mr. Demarest directed the |
truant officer to nab any «triker he may

‘6 these amounts upon his promise to Thursday, December 15, in time to dock, | find on the streets next Monday and hale |

*.nstitute other bail in court the follow-
ng day The clerk of the Jefferson Mar- |
s«t court drew up bonds on the instruc. |
aeons of Magistrate Barlow and the clerk |
rook them to Ghick and Sechery at the}
bast Tenth street address They signed |
them there, and Lawyer Sachs then took |

‘ne bondemen to Magistrate Barlow's |
nome, where he adminstered the formal |
path

An a result of the District Attorney's
examination he alleges that the Magie-
trate did not «examine the bondsmen as
to tue ownership of the property offered
as batl and asked them no questions

neerning the property = it is declared
that he relied entirely upon the state-
mente by Lawyer Sachs and the formal
affidavits of justification made by the
teondsmen.

On the day of the arraignment the |
cetendants did not appear and the bonds

 

!

 

were declared forfeited but have not
Bee collected The petition says that
* hen the property accepted as bai! was

sed up it was found that Sechery's
0° operty waa not worth 40.000, as he had
Gated, but only $23,000. and was subject

and that the coal barges shall get along-
side the moment she is made fast and
crowd her bunkers with about 6,000 tons.
The greatest number of Englishmen
that ever has gone home for phim pudding
will be among the Mauretania’s record
list for the season of first cabin passen-
gers, and there will be also a group of
Americans going to spend the holidays
with relatives, titled and otherwise, in
Europe. In the second cabin and steerage
will be a throng of Scandinavians makin
their annual pilgrimage from States o'
the Northwest to their old homes to have
a good time in the home of the Christmas
tree.
Northwesterly and westerly gales are
the rule in December, and the great tur-
bine may not get to her dock before Fri-
day morning. That ia what is bothering
the officials. Not only must all that vast
supply of coal be stowed away, but a big
lot ar provisions to supply the ship's
company until the liner gets to PFish-
guard two days before Christmas, The
cost of coal alone for the round trip will
he close to 960.000

pre ier oan ant '
FREE AIX DOLLAR NEW STANDARD
ATLAS with cach copy of the spectal Christmas
edition of the Funk & Weenal Standard [ie-
onary. Cut (hfe out and mail {t to us with your

name ress for sam map.
pages and easy terms. Funk & Ws

 

pany. $-60 Bast 2d St.. New York Clty —Ags. | amy more

ton, return to school at the old

him before Recorder McGovern

In North Bergen those achoolbora who
are on strike are willing t> acce;t a four!
hour day. Fifty played hookey at School)
7 yesterday after notifying Principal!
William Somers that they meant business. |
Several youngsters were licked by the
strikers on their way ‘o and from the.
achool, and walking delegates from No 7
visited the other schoola and tried to}
induce the boys to join in the strike

It was estirnated that at least 150 boys)
had caught the strike fever and absented |
themselves from achool in the township |
yesterday. The police are gatting ready
for a buay session on Monday morning,
and unlese the boys decide to be good and |
return to their classrooms they are going
to get into serious trouble |

It can be safely said that the school!
authorities in the three municipalities!

will not meet any grievance committees! This in a gain of 60.1 per cent. over its FYood Commission.

nor will they consent to an arbitration of
the difficulties They propose to setile
the strike in their own wav. and that
means that the bove will be obliged to

hours without

unofficial estimate made at

'22 per cent

River and return on next Monday
Tuesday afternoon

POPULATION 91,000,000.

or

 

oun
Virginia Has 2,061,612 and California

 

| 2,897,949, an Increase of 60.1 Per Cent.

Wastincron, Dec 2
the Census
Bureau the population of the United
States for 1910 will approximate 91,000,000,
The official total will be announced on
or about December 10. Counting New
Mexico and Arizona as States the com-
pleted offictal returns for twenty-eight
States have already been made public,
The toral for twenty-six of these States ia
more than 60,000,000, a gain of about
over the population in the
same States in 1900. At this rate, accord-
ing to the officials, the total population
should be around the 91,000,000 mark

The population of Virginia, according
to tigurea issued by the Census Bureau
to-day. is 2,061,612, a gain of 11.2 percent,
over the population of 1900, which was
1.954.184. The gain for the preceding
decade was an even 12 per cent

California's population is

-According to an

population of 1,485,053 in 1900) The gain |
from 1900 +0 1000 was only 2? per cent

MORNING ASD EVENING TO HONTREAL
via Delaware & Hudson, oliiest and best route,
‘equipment. Tickets at New York Central
. Gay via. & iL We tho Agent.”~Ads, j

 

‘out a license

Seventy-second Street Branch to
Mave Taken It All on November 123
- Fast Company Suggested by Friend.

Cornewall A. Arnold, a twenty-five-
year-old bank clerk who lives with his

taken to Police Headquarters, where he
was locked up. He was charged with
having stolen $1,514 in cash from the Corn
Exchange Bank about two weeks ago

Arnold went to work for the bank in its
branch at Seventy-second street and
Columbus avenue a few years ago and
haa been in the receiving teller’s depart-
ment. A shortage in the cash at the
branch was noticed a few days ago and
accountants were set io work to find out
where the responsibility lay. Incications
pointed to young Arnold as the culprit,
and the day on which the money was
shown to have been taken was November
i2

lawrence Dunham, manager of the
Seventy -second branch, talked
the matter over with Walter FE Frew,
vice-president of the Corn Exchange Bank,

The bonding company which guaran-
teed the bank against loss by Arnold
called him to its office at 111 Broadway
yesterday afternoon and then telephoned
for a detective.

Mr. Dunham said last night that the
amount of the theft was siightly exagger-
ated. “To be precise,” he said, “the
amount we lost is $1.485. We have had
men looking over the books all day and
they cannot find any other shortages ”

Mr. Dunham wouldn't say how it was
that the young man came to take the
money and he refuses to tell how the
authorities came to the belief that Arnold
slipped the bank's cash into his own
pockets.

A friend of Arnold's speaking last
night at the apartment house on West
123d atreet said that he couldn't under-
stand it either “His mother and sisters
can't believe it,” he said, “and the onlv
eiplanation that possibly suggests itself
is that ae got into fast company ”

Mr Dunham etayed at the bank until
the examination of the books was com-
pleted. That was at about 9:30 o'clock
last night Other officers of the bank
were on hand also to see whether or not
the losses came to more than at first were
apparent. They went away satisfied that
the young man had stolen only once

Walter FE. Frew, vice-president of the
bank, said last night that Arnold's theft
was in two items, one of $485 and the
other of $1,000. Depositors placed these
sums to their credit in the bank, as they
supposed, but when they came to draw
cheoks against them they were told that
their accounts were overdrawn. The de-
positors were able to show, however,
that the money had actually been re-
ceived at the bank and that it had passed
through young Arnold's hands

The Guarantee Company of North
America was the bonding concern” The
bond was considerably in exceas of Ar-
nold's theft

Mr. Frew said that Arnold confeseed to
Mr Dunham that he had taken the money.

street

FUNERAL POMP FOR WONTT.

5.000 German Treeps Eacort Remains of
Ctitean President in Bertin.
Special Cadle Despatch ta THR Sun

Reanim, Dec 2) The Kaiser arranged

a remarkably impressive funeral to-day

for Pedro Montt, the late President of | that one of his Republican colleagues |ant secretary in the Jockey Club.

Chile, who died here last August The
body has been Iving in a vault in St
Hedwig's Catholic Church since then
awaiting the arrival of the Chilean war-
ship Blanca Encalada

The body was conveyed from St Hed

‘ublisAing Association.

GaTvapar, Deceussn 9, 1010,
Generally fair to-day; increasing cloudiness
and warmer to-morrow; west to north-

west winds,

, ULSTER BUYING ARMS.

 

toe

Rebel Against Home Rule,

|
ew" Calls for Btis--Ready
' Special Cable Despatch to TWR SUN

 

mittee of the Ulster Unionist Councils,
| Which was appointed November 28 to
organize Ulster men into regiments to
oppose the establishment of an Irish
home rule Parliament in Dublin. met at
Belfast to-day and decided to invite

tenders for supplying arms and ammn- |

nition.

At the meeting at which the committee
the sum of $50,000 waa
| subseribed for the purpose of buying
arms for the regiments the committee
was authorized to organize

BATTLESHIP NEW YORK.

 

 

New One of That Name (Cruiser to Be
the Manhattan.
Wasuincton, Dec. 2. The two battle
ships authorized at the last gession of
Congress will be named the New York
and the Texas The battleship
York will be built at the New York Navy
Yard The Texas will be built by con-
tract. These vessels will of
27,000 tons displacement and will carry

a main battery of eight 14 inch guns

The armored cruiser New York, now the
flagship of Rear Admiral John Hubbard.
commander of the Asiatic squadron, will
henceforth be known as the Manhatran
| The second rate batileship Texas, which
lin now obsolete and at the Charleston
| Navy Yard, will be renamed the San
Marcos. She will probably te stricken
from the naval list shortly

he about

NEW FOREIGN MAIL SERVICE.

 

on Outgoing Steamships.

The Western Union Telegraph Company
haa arranged for a special foreign mail
service designed to save time in foreign
correspondence. Merchants wishing
send mail from the Atlantic seaboard to
Japan or from the Pacific coast to Furope
Mist at present mail their commpnica-
tions a week ahead of time to catch the
mail ateamer Under the new plan the
Western Union will forward ‘night let-
ters” toeither coast , seal them in envelopes
and place them in the next outgoing mail
The only charge in addition to the usual
telegraph tolls will be one of five cents
to cover the cost of postage

to

COURT DECREE ON SPANKING.

 

Magistrate Freschi Says Oniy the Sole of
the Slipper May Be Used.

After applications of her mother's
slipper thirteen-year-old Frances Bohner
had her parent, Mrs. Elizabeth Bohner
of 215 West Thirty-sixth street, brought to
the West Side court yesterday for “aa-
sault.” The mother told Magistrate
Freschi that ahe grasped the slipper by
the heel, 4c. The Court said she was
quite right, that chastisement ended with
the sole and assault began with the heel

 

“LAME DUCK ALLEY.”

West Corrider of the Executive Offices
Sereened OW From the Main Hail.

WashINGTON, Dec, 2- Secretary Nor-
ton issued an order to-day shutting off
from the main hall of the Executive
offices the west corridor He had a tail
green and white screen fringed with
plants put across the corridor and along
the walls of the space thus added to the
room reserved for waiting statesmen he
had several chairs placed

“For lame ducks,” suggested
United States Senator with a «mile

Vice-President Sherman called in the
| afternoon and the new room was shown
him by newspaper men They told him

one

had dubbed it “Lame Duck alley
“It won't do,” said the Vice-President
“It won't do; it’s too small *

 

WARRKRTAGE LICENSES PAY.

New |

Western Union Wili Wail “Night Letters”:

becoming variable.

 

‘BELMONT EXPENDED
RACETRACK FUNDS

——

'F. K. Sturgis Says All Legaf
Expenditures Were
Made by Him.

Lonxnox, Dec. 2 —The emergency com: |

'
'
'

 

|

$361,000 IN THREE YEARS

 

‘Speaker Wadsworth Recom-
mended Attorney Edward P.
Coyne as Belmont’'s Agent.

Testifying the State legislative
Aldermen's Chamber
vesterday Frank K.
Sturgis, banker of 4 Broad street. who ia
of the Jockey
it was formed

before
committee iano the

of the (itv Hall

 

‘secretary and treasure
Clad and has been
in 1894. a trustee of the Westchester Rae-
hing Park) and «a
| trustee of the Turf and Field Club, placed
j Vesterday the responsibelity of disbursing
Varions sums amounting to more than
| $260,000 Augiist Belmon Mr.
| Sturgis gave this testimony with a certan
lair of what looked lke satisfaction, and

~nee

 

Association (Belmont

 

npen

| whenever he mentioned August Belmont
las the one responsible for these disburse-
| ments he pronounced the name with a
ferisp precision

| Mr Sturgis, florie of comple xjgn, with
learefully trimmed iron gray hair and
mustache, in fresh and fashionable
apparel, was on the witness stand about
one hour and seemed almost as well pre-
pared for his part of the examination aa
was Counsel Krese! for his part in it as
questioner.

Among the revelations made by Mr.
Sturgis after he had identified payments
of $40,290 made by Mr. Belmont to Edward
P. Coyne in 1907, made up of two payments
only two months apart, was that Mr.
Coyne had been recommended to Mr.
Belmont and the racing associations as
an attorney by James W. Wadsworth.

“The elder Wadsworth?” a member of
the committee gasped.

“No, the junior Wadsworth,” responded
Mr. Sturgis. “the Speaker of the As-
sembly.”

It later developed that the legal! services
Mr Coyne performed for his $40,000 fee
had to do with the defeat of a bill in the
Legislature in 1907 known as the Cassidy
bill, which 3 it had passed would have
increased the State's assessments on the
racing association 8 gross receipts from
5 per cent. to 10 per cent. Mr. Coyne
was also active legally in the campaign
in the following vear against the Agnew-
Hart bills, generally cailed the anti-race-
track bills

Only onee Mr Sturgis hesitated in mak-
jing reply to a question Mr Kresel had
lasked about an entry of $12,500 on No-
| vember 27. 1908, to one of the three legal
lexpense accounts in the Jockey Club
jledger The witness looked at the entry

for a moment puzzled and then looked up
} and said
| “Is Mr Daingertield here?”

' Mr

 

Daingerfield is Mr Sturgie's assist-
Mr.
Kresel promptly said

“PMecall Mr Daingerfield presently *

The last witness of the day was John
J. Evans, treasurer of the Metropolitan
Turf Association He was a reluctance
witness) Mr Kreselasked him if 1 waa

wig’s Church this afternoon to the Lehrter | city Will Probably Clear Mere Than | his custom during the racing season daily

railway station with an escort of 5.000
troops. The massed bands and muffled
drums played Chopin's funeral) march
during the entire march The hearse waa
followed by a delegation of high officers
of the German army and navy, the mem-
bers of the Chilean Legation and several
hundred Chileans resident here

The Blanca Encalada with the remains
on board will sail from Bremen to-mor-
row

Dr Hill, the American Ambaseader,
and the members of the foreign Diplo-
matic Corps generally attended the
funeral.

All the dags on the Government build-
ings in Berlin were at half mast through-
out the day by the Kaiser's special orders.

MUST EXCHANGE TRANSFERS. ' 14,000 to Be Sol by Auction in London

Metropolitan and S09th Street Lines |
WasHiInatox, Dec 2-—The United

Ordered to tlsesue 3 Cent Tickets.

' 820,000 This Year From Them.

| The charge of $1 for each marriage

| license issued by the city will ahow for

\this vear a large surplus over the cost of
running the new bureau. Last year there
were issued 31,507 licenses in New York
county, but for the eleven months ended
with the last day of November the numer
of licenses taken out reached a tora!
of 31,545, and it was estimated yesterday
by City Clerk Scully that the number of
licenses granted hefore the eng of the
year will be at least 34.900

This will mean a profit from the two

bureaus of Manhattan and The Bronx of

! about $20,000

UNCLE SAM'S SEALSKINS.

in Aheut Two Weeks.

The Public Service Commission denied | States Government will place on sale in

yesterday the application made by the; London in about two weeks 14,000 raw |
receivers of the Metropolitan Street Rail- | se@!skins taken from male seals killed |
way Company to delay action on the | several months ago on the Pribilof Islands, |

proposition which the commission has
been considering for putting into effect an
order requiring the issuing of tranafers

of the coast of Alaska, by order of the

a means of conserving the Pribilof herds

ge ahyery of Commerce and Labor as

between the Fifty-ninth street crosstown | Commissioner of Fisheries George W.

line and the Metropolitan trunk lines

) Bowers left Washington to-day for Lon-

' . .
Not only did the commission refuse thie! don as the Government's representative
> ¢ at the sale, which is to take place at the| of joint disbursement the Jockey Club

order was issued providing that tne new | establishment of a well known London | acted as agent for the racing associations.

application for delay, but a peremptory

cvecnen of joint rates between the two
lines shall go into effect next Monday
Under existing conditions passengers
transferring from the crosstown line to
the Metropolitan lines must pay an ex-

tra five cent fare, but under the com- |
be estab-/ 4
next Monday, | realized from the sale, which is the largest

mission's order there must
lished, beginning with

 

furrier.

The sale of these skins abroad follows
the conclusion reached by the Depart-
ment that they could not be properly
treated or cured in this country. It ie
expected that $500,000 or more will be

an arrangement whereby passengers will| that can take place in many years, as

be allowed to tranafer for an extra three
cent fare,which will mean a saving of two
cents on the fares charged anal
present separate fare ayatem

COURT FINES HIMSELF.

Justice of the Poace, After Hearing
Kvidence Against Mim, Pleads Gatity.
Sr. Paci, Minn, Dec. 2

 

 

 

 

self and fining himself has been brought

2.977.549, |to the attention of the State Dairy and | 294 robbed in
O. H. Gebrke, jus-|*t4tion last night.

tice of peace of Lucan, Redwood county,

jor the|
|

'
i
'

The case of |
a justice of the peace arraigning him-)}

| killing except to conserve the herds on

the Pribilofe has been prohibited.

ROB AND BEAT A PREACHER,

 

Two Men Set Upen the Rev. Dallia
Cuyler of Baltimore in Saobway.

A man who says he is the Kev.
Dallia Cuyler of Baltimore, staying at a
hotel at 270 Third avenue, was assaulted
in the 135th street subway
At the East 126th
street police station he said that two men

was arrested for dealing in cream with-| attacked him in the men's room on the

He appeared before him-
self, heard the evidence and decided to
plead guilty and fine himself $25 and
caste. the minimum penalty for the

| downtown platform

They took his dia-
mond ring, $3 and hia watch

The porter found Mr. Cuyler lying on the
floor and helped him to the police station.

to attend the tracks as a layer
BOOKMAKERS KEPT QUIET
“Laver and player,” responded the wit~
ness laconically
“And what did your association do pend-
jing the passage of the Agnew-Hart bill?®
i Mr Krese| asked the layer and player
| a little later
' Rept quier.” responded the witness.
The morning session was devoted to
insurance affairs After recess Mr. Stur-
gis was called. He said that although
secretary of the Jockey Club he had no
part in keeping the books They were
kept by a firm of expert accountants
under the supervision of Mr Daingerfleld.
ee club had no executive committer,
i but was govered by the board of stew-
ards
Then Mr Kresel plumped into the mat-
iter of legal expenses
Q. What has been the system among the
rar ne associations and the Jockey Club
with regard to the payment of the legal
expenses’ A It hua varied according to
the matter under consideration
Q. In wha’ way has it varied? A. Some-
times each of the associations pays ite own
| oapeneen Sometimes the joint expenses
| have been paid through the officers of the
Jockey Club.
THREE LEGAL EXPENSE ACCOUNTS.

When the legal expenses were a matter

 

That was where the clut and the asao-
ciations had common interests to protect.
Usually in such cases the club paid the
legal expenses and then collected their
various assessments from the racing as-
sociations. Mr. Kresel found on the
ledger of the Jockey Club three | ox-
pense accounts known as legal expense
account No. 1, No. 2and No. 3, The first
account recorded transactions wherein
the associations were not contributors.
The second account was where the club
acted as a disbursing agent for the aaso-
ciations and the club itself was not 4 com-
tributor, and the third was where the club
and associations all contributed,

Q. Legal expense account No, 1, 1 find,
in 1906 shows an expenditure of $02,843.00?

. Yea
~ In 1007 the expenses in this account
were $4,190 459 A. Yes

Q. And in 1908 $56,714.29? A. Yes.

In 1908 the Jockey Club acted as agent
for the racing associations in paying legal
expenses

Q. Can you tell me how much the Jockey
Club paid out io legal expenses in 1908,

'

 

Sees