“=

“VOL. LXXIL—NO.
rORSTATE CHAIRMAN, WHICH?

pwIGHT, WOODRUFF AND FAS-
SETT ALL TALKED OF.

  

 

Odell Says He Has Not Agreed to Resign,
but His Opponents Say They Have a
Majority of the State Committee and

Can Retire Him When It Meets.

Chairman Odell of the Republican State
committee was at the Fifth Avenue Hotel
yesterday and emphatically stated that a
story sent out of Washington to the effect
that he had agreed to resign the chairman-
ship of the committee if the opposition
would make no moye to force him out was
untruthful,

“[tisalso untrue that Lam going to Europe
for a long stay," he said. “I have no idea

  

of colar to Europe at all.”

Mr Odell said that it was also doubtful
if he turned up at Albany very much during
the session of the Legislature.

Coneesning the chairmanship, Mr, Odell's
intimates have said for the last few weeks
that fal could be demonstrated that a ma-

sonity of the State committee desired him
toretae, he would certainly call a meeting
of the committee and give up the place,
Whether or not these men had authority to
ro speak for Mr. Odell remains to be seen,
boause very influential Republicans from
Albany and Washington said yesterday that
ad canvassed the situation in the
ommittee, and that the opponents of
fr Odell bala substantial majority in the
vommttee, and eouwld depose him at any
time if a meeting of the committee could be
obtained

These important Republicans who are try-
ing to square ship for the important State
campaign ahead said also that the question
under debate now is when Mr. Odell should
either be deposed’or asked to resign by
a majority of his opponents in the State
committee.

4s to Mr. Odell'’s successor, it Was an-
nounced that the three Republicans most
favored at the moment are Representative
John Dwight of Tompkins, ex-Lieut.-Gov.
Timothy L. Woodruff of Kings and Repre-
sentative J. Sloat Fassett of Chemung. It
was said that Mr. Woodruff could be induced

 

to take the place, but then Mr. Woodrufl’s «

friends from Albany and Washington went
on to say that if Mr. Woodruff assumed
the burden of the chairmanship of the com-
mittee it should be understood that he was
in direct line for promotion to be a United
States Senator to succeed either Mr. Platt or
Mr. Depew. Mr. Woodruff is a very active
business man and much of his time is taken
up by commercial affairs, and his, friends
said that if he became chairman of the State
committee it might involve financial consid-
erations of great moment to him.

Representative Dwight’s name has been
conjured with, for the reason that Mr.
Dwight hasn't been sufficiently within the
limelight within the last two years to
have attracted factional antagonisms.
Representative Dwight, influential Repub-
licans say, by reason of temperament and
of experience, could get along very well
with all factions in the party, was a square
chap, and would deal fairly by the Platt
folks, the Odell people and the Black chaps,
while Gov. Higgins's friends could not
look squint eyed at the Tompkins county
6tatesman,

Mr. Woodruff, it was remarked, has been
a leetle positive in soma of his political
predilections at times, while at others he
has demonstrated his ability to hop over
any political obstacle that confronted him,
and that, too, at a second’s notice, Abili-
ties of this kind, it was remarked, have not
appealed to the staid statesmen of the
party, but then at times, it was added, they
demonstrate a political agility which may
eventually bring some sort of oompensa-
tion to their possessor.

Representative Fassett has been very out~-
spoken in his opposition to Mr. Odell, more
go even, perhaps, than has Senator Platt,
and while events have backed him up,
the idea of the Albany and Washington
Republicans at the moment, while believing
that Mr. Odell should be retired as State
chiirman, seemed to be that a chairman
should be selected who could be relied upon
to smooth out wrinkles. 1h2 opposition
to Mr. Odell is just as positive as ever,
but there is a disposition in some quarters
to look for a Stata chairman who would
not be criticised by the Republicans who
have followed the fortunes of Mr. Odell,
up and down All three of the men most
prominently mentioned, Dwight, Woodruff
and Fassott, have been anti-Odell men to
tho core, particularly Dwight and Fassett.

Naturally, N. V. V. Franchot, Gov. Hig-
gins's Superintendent of Public Works,
is being considered by Republicans in cer-
tain quarters, but it was said that the ob-
jection to Mr, Franchot is that ¢4hould Gov.
Higgins be renominated it would be con-
trary to the views of many Republicans if
Mr. Franchot, a member of the Governor's
official family, should be selected to conduct
the campaign,

The idea of the Albany and Washington
Xepublicans at the moment is to concentrate
on one of the three men mentioned, Dwight,
Woodruff or Fassett, and te get to work as
800n as possible or, rather, a8 600M aS ex-
Pedient, and make him State chairman in
Mr. Odell’s place.

 

WOODRUFF'S AMBITION,

Rumor That He Will Take State Chairman:
ship if He Can Be the Next U. 8. Senator.

Wasuincron, Jan, 20,—Former Lieut.-
Gov. Timothy L. Woodruff of Brooklyn will
be here to-morrow to talk with President
Roosevelt about New York politics and the
case of Robert Sharkey, whom the President
has declined to reappoint Naval Officer of
the Port of New York.

According to a report current among

New York Republicans here, which they say
is from a trustworthy source, Mr. Woodruff
bas said that he would be willing to become
the successor of Benjamin B. Odell, Jr., as
chairman of the New York Republican State
Committee if the Federal Administration
Would give him its indorsement for the first
vacancy that occurs In New York's repre-
Sen'ation in the United States Senate,
_ President Roosevelt, however, does not
Intend to indorse anybody for that high
Office should there be a vacancy. His
Position now is the same as it was when
Chauncey M. Depew and Frank S. Black
¥ere candidates for the Senate last year.
The President then declined to express any
Finer as between the aspirants for the
Nace

~

 

DELIGHTFUL JOURNEY TO FLORIDA,
UGUSTA AND AITKEN,

Palt by luxurious equipment. Southern's

tH limited, electric-lght Lv. New York

Mo ) except Sunday, 12:65 P, M., for St. Augustine.

Test inviting service to Ormond, Palm Beach,

Miam! an : yi 3 q 4
ye And NAseRU, N. Y. Ollices, 271 and 1185

Pritanced

  

 
  

 

   
   

DEPEWTA

KES HIS SEAT MONDA

L
He So Telegraphs to Senator Platt, Who
Urged Him to Be on Hand.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.~—Ssnator Platt to-
day recsived a telegram from Sanator
Dap5w saying that he would be in his seat

{in the Senate on Monday. This was in
responsa to a telegram from Senator Platt
urging his colleague to be here when the
Senata reassambles. It will be the first
appsaranoa of Mr. Depew at the Capitol
sinca before the Christmas holidays.

The action of Senator Platt was the
result of reports he had heard that Senator
Depew felt timid about going to the Senate
because he thought his presence there, in
view of the disclosures concerning his
pecuniary relations with the Equitable Life
Assuranca Society, might subject him to
cool treatmant from his colleggues. Sena-
tor Platt said that Senator Depew did not
intend to resign and was not thinking of
resigning. There was no reasgn for it.

“He will be in his seat Monday morm-
ing,” said Senator Platt, “to greet his friends
and face his enemies, and in the Senate
he has lots of oe and mighty few of the
other. There will be no doubt, either, of
the cordiality of his reception.”

Concerning stories that have been cir-
culated here in regard to Senator Depew's
| mental and physical condition and other
things, Mr. Platt said that of course Mr.
Depew was depressed by wild charges
affecting him, and it was possible that this
depression had some effect upon his health,
but not enough to make him even think of
retiring from the Senate. Mr. Depew's
memory, he added, was all right.

 

 

Y,
h

 

 

DEPEW AT LUNCHEON AT UNION LEAGUE,

At the home of Senator Chauncey M,
Depew, 27 West Fifty-fourth street, it was
vigorously denied yesterday that the Sena-
tor was ill, ‘

“SeM@ator Depew is all right,” said Charles
E. Paulding, nephew of Mra, Depew, “and
there is no cause whatever for the alarm-
ing reports that have been published,
Why, Senator Depew went to luncheon at

a party of friends.
ton either to-morrow afternoon or at
latest on Monday morning.”

HAMILTON TO BRACKET’,

the

ANDY

The Senator Now Says the Cable Contained
Nothing Sensational.
Saratoaa, Jan, 20.—“Andy” Hamilton's
cable to Senator Brackett, which has been
| reported to contain revelations of a startling
|

character, consisted, according to Senator

Brackett himself, of nothing more sensa-
| tional than a profession of ignorance on
ithe part of Hamilton that anything 80
| dreadful as a corruption fund ever existed
at Albany.

“I wrote to Judge Hamilton,” aaid Senator
Brackett this evening, “asking him to assist
in ousting the rascals who were guilty, if he
had the information which he deemed suf-
ficient in a court of justice, in connection

| with the statements that certain insurance |

funds had been used in promoting legisla-
tion in Albany, I have known Judge Ham-
ilton ever since we were admitted to the bar,
thirty years ago. He and I sought admis-
sion in the same class, and the friendship
then formed has been ever since continued,
I urged him to return to this country at
once and make known the startling facts
which reports credit him with possessing.

“Judge Hamilton cabled me a reply, de,
nying that he was in possession of any such
information, and further saying that he
knew nothing about any corruption fund
alleged to have been used at Albany. That
is all there is to it, and [am sorry that the
papers have seen fit to make such a sensation
over the matter,”

TO IMPROVE CROP REPORTING,

 

  

 

Keep Commission's Disclosures Likely to
Result In Remedial Legislation,

WasHINaTon, Jan. 20.—The opinion is
expressed here by members of Congress
familiar with the subject that the Keep
commission's disclosure of the defects in
the crop reporting service of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture will result in legislation
designed to improve that sarvics. Such a
suggestion comes from one interest, while
another proposes that all the work of
crop reporting should be consolidated in
the Department of Commerce and Labor.

While that feature of the commission's
report suggesting that crop reporting
other than cotton be discontinued unless
it can be improved has been vigorously
discussed, Government officials quite gen-
erally are opposed to any such departure.
The farmers of*the country and the com-
mercial interests believe in a system of
crop reporting, according to statements
made here, despite the criticism heaped
upon Secretary Wilson's administration of
the Bureau of Statistics.

Secretary Wilson is very much incensed
at the commission's criticism of his Depart-
ment. It is expected that unless objection
is interposed from high quarters he will
reply.
of the so-called younger men of the Ad-
ministration. All the members of that body
stand high in the estimation of the Presi-
dent, and doubt is expressed that he will
countenance any public criticism of the
commission's conclusions.

READY “FOR TRAIN ROBBERS.

Milwaukee Road Warned That Big Holdup
Was Planned.

Curcaao, Jan. 20,—Extreme precautions
to prevent train robberies have been taken
by the officials of the Chicago, Milwaukee
and St, Paul Railroad Company as a result
of a report reaching the railway company
that twenty men have planned attacks
on its express cars. =
A general order has been issued instruct-
| ing trainmen to be alert and warning en-
| gineers of money carrying trains not to
| stop on signals that bear suspicion, The
| company's informant says the robbery
| contemplated will be between Hermosa
| and Franklin Park on the Milwaukee

division of the road.

HONOLULU DELEGATION COMING

 

 

 

i

|

| To Ask Congress for More Funds for Public

Improvements,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Son.
HONOLULU, Jan. 20.—On the steamship

| Mongolia, which sailed to-day for San

| Francisco, were six representatives of the
Honolulu Chamber of Commerce and Mer-
chants’ Association, who are going to Wash-
ington, where they will endeavor to obtain
legislation necessary to render offective
the recommendation in President Roose-
velt's message that for twenty years Hawaii
be allowed 75 per cent. of Federal collections
here, this amount to be expended for public

| purposes.

The delegation will appear before the

| ruary 2.

Congress committee on Fe’

 

Perfect
Low eerie ee
one 416 Franklin,

SAVANNAH LINE--Superior service.
All outside staterooms.

{sine.
ra Teleph

rates to Southern Resorts.
—Adt. ©
'

+NEW YORK, SUNDAY,
MOROGCO NOT TO CAUSE CLASH | 2°" e77¥ exeey mon ener,

 

the Union League Club this afternoon with |
Ho will goto Washing: |

The Keep commission is composed |

meee ee

 

POWERS TOO MUCH INTERESTED
IN HOME PROBLEMS.

 

England, France, Germany and Russta Ab-
sorbed in Domestio Affairs During
the Past Week—Algeciras Conference
Expected to Have a Negative Result.

Special Cable Despatch to THER Sun.

LoNnpon, Jan, 20,—Nearly every country
in Europe has been absorbed in its own
publio affairs this week. Englishmen,
Liberals as much as Unionists, are lost in
amazement at the great political revolu-
tion which has silently taken place in the
body politico within the past two years,
France has watched the cha nge in her
Chief Magistracy under circumstances
which furnish a strong guarantee of the
stability of the Third Republic. Germany
awaits with curiosity and some appre-
hension to-morrow's threatened demon-
stration of the power of the new Social
Democracy, an influence which is seriously
undermining the Emperor's vast pan-
Germanic ambitions. Russia thinks only
of ruthless measures of repression which
the Government successfully for the mo-
ment is turning against the popular revolu-
tionary movement.

Each of these is a matter of first domestic
importance to the people concerned and in
their future bearing will become vital ele-
ments in the great international problem
with which the next few years of European
history will be crowded,

England, last of all among the older
nations, realizes suddenly that she must
reckon with socialistic forces, which have
already become formidable in Germany
and France. However revolutionary in
tendency socialistic influence may be locally,
in Europe statesmen are beginning to per-
ceive with some satisfaction that Bs be-
tween nations socialism makes for peace.
|The Socialists af Germany and France
| exerted a perceptible anti-war influence in
} the crisis between the two countries last

summer, and they will be found on the
| caras side in any fresh emergency. This
' new conservative element in international
1 politics may become of practical! importance
|
|
|
|
i

in the near future.

Another point bearing on the same issue
is discussed in the Spectator to-day.
writer in effect laments the deterioration
modern diplomatists. He

in ability of

NUAR

 

The |

{argues that the comparative skill of am- |
| received in the Wounded Knee campaign.

bassadors will in the next few years be a
matter of the highest moment.
| foreign offices will have reason to regret a
certain carelessness which for some years
has marked the organization of the per-
sonnel of their diplomacy. Not only is
there no diplomatist who stands head and
| Boece above his fellows, but even the
second rank does not impress observers as
| especially good. The writer points to the
‘delegates at Algeciras and asserts that
'they do not include any one of first
| calibre, unless it be Visconti Venosta, who
does not strictly belong to the profession.
It is further indicated that ambassadors,
aa Eurepenn society now is organized,
must have means of their own, for unless
they spend the whole of their official income,
and then, as many American envoys have
done, complain of the parsimony of their
government, they are apt to feel humiliated
between the power of the nations they
represent and the extent of their means of

The fear that the interests of individual
nations or the cause of peace may suffer
from lack of diplomatic ability in the pres-

wnt phase of internationa! affairs is di- | t | c
enuik tof Arts and Sciences of the University of |

minishing. Hope is becoming confidence
that the Algeciras conference will not raise

Chiefs of |

the question of peace or war in Europe, |

It is expected that the conference will have
practically a negative result, but that

| representation.
|
|
|
|
vu
| outcome is regarded with equanimity,
|

There is scarcely any doubt that the orig- ;
regarding Morocco, |

inal French plans
plans which were firat revealed in THE
Sun as long ago as September, 1904, will
be blocked. It was then designed to make
| Morocco a French Egypt with England's
| consent,
of aggrandizement is entire'y inadequate,
,as France now fully understands,
knows that even the United States, which
is animated by the friendliest feeling
toward her, will not consent to such a
programme and she will not attempt to
press it, What is equally clear is that if
any country seeks to tind cause for a quar-
rel in the Morocco conference the whole
weight of American influence, a8 much as
British, will be asserted on the side of peace,
Such an emergency is not likely to arise.
All Berlin advices this week have been of

 

a pacific nature, This does not mean much, | }
| W. K. Folks was impressed and told him

but it indicates how difficult it wil. be to
find an excuse ‘n the present Morocco
situation for disturbing the peace of the
world, ‘The factors 'n the domestic affairs
of Europe first mentioned will have time
to exert an influence on the general situa-
tion before any acute crisis is likely to arise
between the great Powers. H.R. C.

—————_

SIXTY MEN AND DOPE SHEETS.

Elizabeth Street Police Raid Alleged Poole
room in City Hall Place.

Four detectives of the Elizabeth street
station raided an alleged poolroom at 3
City Hall place yesterday afternoon. Capt.
‘Tracy of the station got an idea there. was
betting on the races going on there from
the number of men who went into the place
at certain hours every afternoon,

He sent out Minogue, Bolz, Wooley and
Berbernich. They got into the building
without trouble and found sixty men
| crowded into a room on the top floor.
detectives arrested A. J. Krause, the alleged
| proprietor of the place, and four men,

who, they believed, were connected with it
and who gave fictitious names. The others
were allowed to go.

The detectives confiscated a bundle of
dope sheets and racing cards,

FIREMEN ACCEPT D.,L.&W.TERMS

 

 

|

|

|

| Grievance Committee Adjourns After De-
ciding Upon a Peaceful Settlement.

Scranton, Pa., Jan. 20.—The grievance
committee of the lTackawanna firemen
that has been in session here for a couple
of weeks with Vice-Grand Master Wilson,

| considering grievances, concluded its work

| this evening and adjourned,

| As announced in these de¢pat ches last
night the outcome is peaceful. The older

| firemen were opposed to a strike and they

| have been victorious over the younger and

| more aggressive element. :

The men have accepted the ultimatum
of President Truesdale and General Manager
Clarke. They have won 77 per cent. of
their demands. The demands not allowed
are the uniform ten, hour day, relief from
wiping their engines and having supplies
brought to the engines.

 

DEWEY'S PURE GRAPE JUICE,

Absolutel
H. T. Dewey

free trom any Preservatives.
Sons Co., 138 Fulton St., New York.

}

.

She |

  
 
  

 

All She Had Was a Bad Half Dollar—Con-
ductor Got His Nickel Next Day.

Mrs. Hetty Green, who lives at 1203 Wash-
ington street, Hoboken, boarded a south-
bound Washington street trolley car a few
days ago and gave George Krell, the con-
ductor, a 50 cent piece in payment for her
fare. Krell examined the coin a moment
and then handed it back, saying:

“I'm sorry, ma'am, but I can’t take that;
it’s bad.”

Mrs. Green examined the half dollar care-
fully and replied: “I guess you are right.
It does look like a counterfeit.”

She dropped the coin into her little black
handbag and searched for another piece of
money. A troubled look came over her
face as she glanced up at the conductor and
said:

“I don't seem to have any cash with me.
If you will let me ride frea to the ferry I'll
take your number and pay the nickel at the
company’s office to morrow.”

Krell rang up a supposititious fare and
went out on the rear platform.

“What was the trouble?” asked Letter
Carrier Williams, who had witnessed the in-
cident,

“Oh, nothing,” said Krell, “only a poor
woman got stuck with a bum half dollar
and didn’t have anything else. I couldn't
put her off, of course.”

“IT guess she's able
whispered the carrier.
Green.”

“You don't say so!” suid Krell.

On the following afternoon a woman
called at the Public Service Corporation's
trolley car office and gave the cashier a
nickel. She explained that it was due
conducetar 597 on the Washington street line
fora trip from Twelfth street to the ferry.
She said she didn't happen to have any
money with her and the conductor was good
enough to let her ride for nothing, She
didn't want him to lose anything and she
was much obliged to him. Krell got his
nickel back yesterday.

ANOTHER MIDDY A RRESTED.

‘—_

Richard R. Mann, Appointed by Roosevelt,
Is Charged With Hazing.
ANNAPOLIS, Jan. 20.—Richard R. Mann,
a midshipman of the first class, who was
appointed to the Naval Academy by Preeri-

to make good,”
“That’s Hetty

 

 

dent Roosevelt, is under arrest on the charge |

of hazing. He was already under arrest,
having been caught “Frenching” some time
ago. Mann is the son of an army officer
who lost his life from wounds and exposure

After a brief session this morning, during
which Mr. George Manfi of New York city
made an argument for Midshipman Charles
M. James, charged with hazing, the court-
martial adjourned until 10 o'clock on Mon-
day morning. ‘The court closed at 11 o'clock
for the consideration of a verdict, and at
11:10 o'clock had reached its conclusion,

Mr. Mann urged that the proof was not
sufficiently definite as to time and on other
points to justify a verdict of guilty upon
any of the specifications. He said that if
suoh acts as had been alleged against James
were considered hazing there would not be
enough midshipmen left in the academy to
earry on a Young Men's Christian Associa-
tion meeting when the court had done its
work. The judge advocate submitted the
case without argument,

BRATWAY TO KANSASTO SCHOOL,

Boy Rides Brake Beams From New York
and bMinters Untversity.
LAWRENCE, Kan., Jan. 20.—Three weeks
ago in New York city with three cents in
his pocket, ennrolled to-day in the College

    

 

Kansas, working on the university grounds
to pay his matriculation fees and tending
furnace for his board and room-—that
is the story of one boy who had a deter-
mination to get an education.

When Harry Hibbard Kemp got into
Lawrence the night before last on the brake

; beams of a freight car he didn't know a

person in the city. He had read some
of Prof. W. H. Carruth's books on German

| grammar and composition, and that had

Brtish permission of this scheme

 

|

'
|

caused him to select the University of
Kansas as the place where he would study
German and Latin.

It was dark when he knocked at the
professor's door and told him his story.
The frank face of the boy impressed Prof.
Carruth and he told him to come to the

| and bruised about the face and head,

PANIG ON COLLIDING CARS.

SAD WRECK OF THEATRE FINERY;
FOUR PERSONS HURT,

 

Rear End Jolt on Forty-second Street East
of Sixth Avenue—5,000 People Con-
gregate on Rumor of Bad Smash
~-Desperate Dash for the Car Doors,

A Forty-second street crosstown car,
one of a long string heading westward for
the theatre district, stopped at the east
side of Sixth avenue a few minutes past
8 o'clock last night to take on passengers.
It had a good many on board already, The
motorman of the car immediately behind
it swung the brake wheel so as to stop about
one hundred feet from the corner. This
oar also was pretty well filled.

Something went wrong. Either
brake didn't work or the track was
“greasy.” The second car kept going
and went into the first car with considerable
force.

The rear platform of the first car and the
front platform of the second car were pretty
badly wrecked, There was a crash and a
noise of jingling glass that was heard above
the roar of Sixth avenue traffic.

A second or two before the crash Motor-
man Scherzer of the rammer let go his con-
troller and brake handle in a hurry, threw
open the front door and hustled toward
the rear. That gave the passengers of
his car a scare, Which became a panio an
instant or two afterward,

The force of the collision was such that
men and women were piled in heaps in
both cars, shouting and screaming and
grabbing at each other to get clear. There
were three policemen of the East Fifty-
first street station at Sixth avenue and
Forty-second street when the cars went
together, They made for the car doors,
yelling for everybody to keep cool, that
the danger was over,

These men, Fitzgibbons, Mulcahey and
Quevedo, were awept off their feet at flrat
by the rush of passengers, but they managed
ina few minutes tostopthe panic,

Miss Rose McMahon of 824 Halsey street,
Brooklyn, was in the second car. She was
so unnerved that she fainted before the
erash cam, Her escort, Otto Seitz of 1307
Third avenue, attempting to save her from
falling, was hurled against a doorway and
knocked unconscious. He got a deep
sealp wound and bruises about the face
and body.

C, L. Constant of 61 Beekman street was
in the first car. He was knocked down
during the scramble to escape and was cut
Give
Mulcahey of 252 East Sixty-second street
was also in the first car. He was thrown
against a seat and was bruised.

Nobody else was hurt, so far as the police
could find out, but there was no end of dam-
age to evening gowns, picture hats, silk
hats and other decorative clothing. In the
worst of the scare, when the passengers
didn't know what had happened or what
was coming next, men and women knocked
one another's hats off and tore at each
other's clothing.

One woman, who refused indignantly to
give her name when the police asked for it,
literally a wreck when she emerged

the

wh
from the crush.
minus two ostrich plumes, Her black silk
dress wag ripped down the back and her
white silk and lace opera cloak was grimy
and torn, After the cars were cleared the
police gathered two or three byshels of
Mats, gloves, handkerchiefs, garters and
other personal effects that had been left
behind

The four were hurt were treated
in a drug and went home.
policemen did not call for an ambulance.
It wasn't necessary. They didn't arrest
Motorman Scherzer or Conductor Bernard

that

store

| Davis of the second car, because they de-

| that

university the next day and he would see |

what could be done for him. ‘The pro-
fessor gave him a dollar and told him to
get a good night's sleep.

Before the offices opened next morning
he presented himself at the registrar's
door. He told them he didn't have a cent,
but that he was willing to work. Treasurer

he would get him work on the university
grounds,

This morning he entered the university
as a special student, taking Horace’s Odes,
German composition and English literature.

 

ASYLUM INMATES HEARD FROM,

The Man Who Wrote This Letter Entitled
1o a Hearing, Says the Court.
White Puatns, N. Y., Jan. 20,--Since a
Sheriff's jury at White Plains declared
Charles Baxter Poor and Irving L. Brag-
don, two inmates of Bloomingdale Asylum,

sane, and freed them from the madhouse, | eit ”
lof it is growing less and less.

Justioe Keogh of the Supreme Court has
received many letters from inmates of
asylums who declare they are not insane,

Tho latest letter received by him is from

The |

a man who gives the name of Sykes, and
who is confined in the Middletown hospital.
He says he has been sane for years, and
yet is confined with madmen.

Judge Keogh said to-day he considered

the letter as a petition for a writ of habeas |

collision was purely an accident.

Crosstown traffic was tied up about
half an hour by the accident. Reports
there had been a smashup in which
several were killed and many hurt brought
a crowd of at least 5,009 people to the corner
from Broadway and the theatre district
within ten minutes. The police had soma
trouble in clearing the streets.

cided the

 

BIBLE BECOMING OBSOLETE.

President Hall of Clark Says Book Is Less
and Less Read.

Worcester, Mass., Jan, 20.—President

G. Stanley Hall of Clark University

livered a lecture in Clinton last night in

 

de-

| which he said the Bible was becoming more
and more obsolete. President Hall gave out |

| corpus and ordered the asylum authorities |

 

| to produce Sykes before him in the Su-

preme Court at Goshen, Orange county,

the second Saturday in February, when he

will have a chance to prove his sanity,
“The letter from this man,” said Justice

mon sense and propriety, and if: he wrote
it himself he is certainly entitled to a hear-
ing in open court.”

AIRSHIP FOR SOUTH POLAR TRIP.

 

 

Dr. Charcot Also Planning to Use Motor
Boats in Next Expedition,
Spectal Cable Despatch to TRE SUN.
Paris, Jan, 20.—Dr. Jean Charcot, thay

| Mafin says, is arranging another expedition

to the Antarctic, in which he will employ
motor boats, sledges and an airship, He
expects to start in about eighteen months.
Count Henri De Ja Vaulx, the acronaut,
will cooperate with him.

 

FLORIDA'S FAMOUS TRAINS,
“N.Y, & Fla. Special,” 2:10 P, M., “Fla, & West In-
dian Ltd,,” 0:25 A. M. Unexcelled service, via Penn.
& Atlantic Coast Line, 1161 B'way, N. ¥.—Ade.

Keogh, “is a model of good English, com- | than

the following to-night to a SUN representa-
tive at his home:

“There have been within the last few

The |

    

 

 

|

Her bie black hat was '

 

} aceident is not known.

 

SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1906.
fair and warmer to-day; fair and colder

 

 

THIRTY-EIGHT PAGES.

 

to-morrow.

 

See

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

        

   

   

 

WILL PROBE EDWARDS'S DEATH. | FRANCK INFORMS ROOSEVELT,

Prosecutor Not Satisfied With Coroner
MIx’s Sulcide Verdict.

New Haven, Conn, Jan, 20.--City At-
torney Ernest C. Simpson, who has charge
of the police prosecutions in New Haven,
announced to-night that he would make
an inquiry into the causes of the death
of Charles A, Edwards,

He was of the opinion that the suicide
verdict of Coroner Mix was unsatisfactory
to the people of New Haven. Mr. Simpson
said he would read the Coroner's evidence
and then start an inquiry of his own. In
his judgment the citizens of New Haven
were unanimous in the opinion that the
case should not be dropped where the Cor-
oner left it.

$750 FOR A PLYMOUTH ROCK HEN.

 

New Yorkers Pay Record Price at Boston
Poultry Show.

Boston, Jan. 20.—What is believed to be
the record price for a single bird, $750, was
paid for a buff Plymouth Rock hen at the
poultry show la&t night.

According to the usual custom a_ price
may be set upon any entry, and these prices
are published, so that any purchaser may
secure anything in the show that has a
price listed,

In this particular case the original owner
thought he had put a prohibitive price on
his Plymouth Rock biddy when he named
$100 as the selling price, but it so happened
that there were several people who wanted
that particular hen.

Among the people who wanted her were
Drevenstedt & Hutchins of New York.
They wanted the bird for exhibition at the
Crystal Palace Show and, greatly to their
surprise, they found that the bird had
caught the fancy of another well known
exhibitor, and was sold, Then overtures
were made for its purchase, and the price
was boosted to $750, for which sum it was
finally sold to Drevenstedt & Hutchins.

YERKES IN

 

MRS. CHICAGO.

 

Is Settling Up Husband's Estate—Denles
Rumor That She Will Marry Mizner,
Cu1caao, Jan. 20.—Mrs. Charles T. Yerkes

has been in Chicago several days in confer-

ence with Clarence A. Knight, Mr. Yerkes's
personal counsel, and Mr, Owsley and his

| secretary. She is settling the estate of her

late husband.

Mrs. Yerkes has been living at the old
Yerkes residence, 3201 Michigan avenue.
She said to-day Mr. Yerkes always intended
to laave some bequest to Chicago, and that
although he had not specified it in his will
she intends to perpetuate his memory here
by some gift the nature of which she will
decide upon later.

Mrs. Yerkes denied the rumor that she
was to marry Wilson Mizner, and said that
Mr. Mizner’s presence at the Auditorium
Annex is merely a coincidenee, as he is on
his way to California.

SAYS ALDERMAN'S NO CITIZEN.

 

Lanigan, Who Was Beaten by Monahan,
Asks for Quo Warranto Suit.

James J, Lanigan has filed a quo war-
ranto petition with Attorney-General Julius
Mayer against Michael J. Monahan, the
Democratic Alderman from the Fifty-
fourth district in Brooklyn, Lanigan was
the Municipal Ownership candidate and
was defeated, He alleges that Monahan
is not a citizen of the United States, He
charges that Monahan is a native of Ireland
and that neither he nor his father was
ever haturalized, He alleges that Monahan
from 1894 to 1904 voted at each election as
a native American citizen, but that in
October, 1905, he registered as a naturalized
citizen, According to Lanigan, Monahan
says he came to this country when he was
18 years old and that he voted on his father's
papers,

The hearing on the petition has been set
for January 27 at 11 o'clock before Deputy

| Attorney-General Mason.

 

FLORIDA SPECIAL DERAILED,

Six Pullman Cars Leave the Track at Ben-
son, N. C.—No One Killed.

WILMINGTON, N. C., Jan, 20.—At 2:40 this
morning the Atlantic Coast Line Florida
Special, northbound, was derailed ten miles
north of Benson, N. C, Six cars, all Pull-
mans, left the track. The cause of the
No one was killed.
Miss Edner Hart of West Ninety-second

 

, street, New York, city sustained a severe

shock; A. Dawson of Jersey City, back
bruised; S. Wiehoyt of Jersey City, right
arm injured,

Traftic was resumed at 11:30 o'clock this
morning.

 

| OUT OF WER BATHROOM WINDOW.

years a number of questions printed and |

sent broadeast to high schools and Sunday
schools to test the knowledge of the Bible
of high sohool and Sunday school students,

“All the questions have shown the school
students to be a:nazingly defective in their
knowledge of the Bible, especially the Old
‘Testament, The reason has been dis-
cussed a great deal and it seems to be that
the Sunday school and home influence
ig diminishing.

“The Bible is less read in the home than
it was a few years ago, and the number

| asthma for some time.

of children who have a fair knowledge |

This shows
the Bible is becoming obsolete.

sick Woman Found Dead on the Flagging
Six Storles Below,

Mrs. Henrietta Freeman, a widow, living
at the St. Urban, 385 Central Park West, fell
six stories from her apartment last night and
was picked up dead in the areaway. Mrs.
Freeman had been troubled with acute
She lived with two

sons and a daughter of 14. Her eldest son,

 

 

 

| of

; ard

 

PRIVATELY ANNOUNCES PLAN OF
ACTION AGAINST VENEZUELA.

 

Not to Boe Disclosed Until Move Ie MaAe
— Ambassador *usserand Takes Walk
With the President—Hope tn Paris That
Castro Will Soon Be Forced Outof Omice

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Jan. 20.-No country ever under-
took to avenge an insult and defend its
dignity more unwillingly than France in
the present quarrel with Venezuela.

The Government realizes that it has
nothing to gain and must, in any case,
lose by undertaking the unpleasant task of
punishing Castro. It hesitates to make
an imposing demonstration on account of
the disproportion of the efforts against an
insignificant enemy, and yet the necessity
for effective action is recognized.

The nature of the French action has been
privately communicated to President Roose-
velt, but of course ft will not be disclosed
until put into operation,

There is some hope that the fall of Castro
may come soon and make possible the
restoration of national amenities with his
successor.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.—M. Jusserand,
the French Ambassador, called at the White
House to-day, and later went walking with
the President through Rock Creek Park,
It was said to-night that the Ambassador's
conference with the President had no bear-
ing on the Venezuelan matter, although it
was doubtless discussed.

At the French Embassy to-night it was
said that no advices had been received
from Paris which would indicate just when
the French Government contemplates ao-
tion. It is universally accepted that France
will act within a day or two, and it is con-
sidered as certain that the course taken
will not be known until it has been put inte
actual operation.

The efforts of this Government have been
confined for the most part to attempts
to establish a line of communication with
Mr. Russell, the American Mibpister at
Caracas. There has been great difficulty
in getting despatches through to the Jega-
tion at Caracas and receiving advices in
return. The State Department has the
choice of two ways, via Curacoa, the Dutch
island off ‘Venezuela, and via Trinidad.
Both are very slow.

Some fear is expressed that President

| Castro will become displeased with Mr.

Russell. The attitude of the former tow-
M. Taigny is considered so unwar-
ranted and his general demeanor toward

| all nations with whom he has had dealings
| so erratio and unsure that it would not be

at all surprising ifshe should next turn
on Mr, Russell, especially as Mr. Russell
is now caring for French interests in Vene-
zuela.

The fact that Mr. Russell will follow his
instructions to push with celerity the
claims the United States has against Vene-
zuela is also likely to breed trouble, The
claim of the Orinoco Steamship Company
and the Critchfield Asphalt Company are
matters which Mr. Russell will seek to ad-
just. The State Department regards the Ori-
noco claim, which has been before it for a
long time, as perfectly just, but an arbitral
award shields the Venezuelan executive.
When the claim was arbitrated it was
decided in favor of President Castro's
Government. The State Department holds
that this was done on the purest techni-
cality.

The stories coming from Caracas that
Venezuela is preparing for war with France
are received with considerable amusement.
The old story of President Castro's plan
for the capture of New Orleans by sending
an army through Central America are
revived to show what little oonception
President Castro has of the: size of the
military forees of foreign governments.
Last summer he believed he could defeat
the United States, His ideas concerning
the strength of the French are no more
lueid,

PEACE CONFERENCE DELEGATES.

Joseph H. Choate, Horace Porter and
Judge Rose of Arkansas Selected,

WASHINGTON, Jan, 20.--Secretary of State
Root announced to-day that Joseph H,
Choate, formerly United States Ambassador
to Great Britain; Horace Porter, formerly
Ambassador to France, and Judge Rose
Little Rock, Ark., formerly president
of the American Bar Association, will be
the members of the mission from the United

States to the next peace conference at The

Charles H, Freeman, is a manufacturer of |

hats at 687 Broadway.
For ten days past Mrs, Freeman's asthma
had been particularly bad. At noon yester-

| day a trained nurse came to look after her.

“Professors of literature, even in colleges, |

have complained that students who have
matriculated show an amazing lack of
knowledge of the Bible. The Bible is be-
coming obsolete, and this fact has been

Dr. IL. F. Oberndorfer was the family doctor.
About half past 6 the nurse went down stairs

/ to dinner and left the two sons in charge of

exploited many times in the last ten years, |

In my opinion a knowledge of the Bible
should be made a requirement in English
of all colleges. [ft is a requirement in a
number of colleges.

“When the Bible was translated English
was virile and vigorous. It was short
and terse. To my mind the Bible is a
good if not a better standard of English
\o8e now commonly accepted,”

 

their mother. When the nurse came back
bathroom,

The nurse couldn't find her there, One

‘of the boys ran down stairs and found the

| Jaques

Dr. Jaques was called
He

body in the court.
in from across Fighty-ninth street.
notified the Coroner.

Two hours later Coroner Acritelli notifled

Hague. There will also be a milltary and
a naval expert, but they will not be oom-
missioners.

The date of the conference, the call for
which was some time ago issued by the
Russian Government, has not been fixed,
It will probably be some time next summer,

WANTS TO SPREAD GENTILITY,

Missourl Editor Seeks to Teach the North;
Says South Doesn't Need It.

Joruin, Mo., Jan. 20.—A. W. Carson, one
of the oldest newspaper men of southwest
Missouri, who died here this morning,
bequeathed $10,000 for the dissemination
of Mark Twain's “How to Be a Gentleman,”
to the Young Men's Christian Association
of the North.

He said in his will, which was filed this
afternoon, that they did not need the good

 

, advice contained therein in the South,

Carson came to Joplin from Buffalo, Mo.,

| the sons said their mother had gone into the | in 1872 and started the Joplin Herald with
| Peter Schuer.

He left an estate valued at
about $30,000, the bulk of whicn will go to
his sister, Mrs. Sarah Hunt of New York
cily.

He also left property valued at about
$3,000 us an endowment fund for disabled

| pavers who may be compelled to go to

the West 100th street police station, and !

Patrolman Walsh was sent to inquire.

said he thought Mra,

| might have been struggling for air and

| years ago.

A New Company Says One WII Be Bultt |

700 Fect High,

A company known as the Friede Globo
Tower Company has been organized with
a capital of $3,000,000 to construct a tower
7W feet in height and 200 feet in diameter
on Coney Island.

The various floors in the tover will be
given over to restaurants, theatres, hip-
podromes, &e., according to the company's
prospectus. Satnuel M. Friede is president.

One Night to Chicago
by the Twentleth Century Limited of the New
York Central iines. Leave New York 3:30 P.M,
arrive Chicago 8:30 next morning. ‘The fastest long
see nos ride in the world-—06) miles in 18 hours,
ade,

‘a great admirer of Speaker Cannon,

we ' Jost her balance while she had her head out
AN EIFFEL TOWER AT CONEY. |

the window. Her husband died four

of

 

Solicitude for
Shelby.”
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20,—Secretary Taft is
He
insists, too, that “Uncle Joe” looks like
Abraham Lincoln, The Secretary was at
the Capitol a few days ago and while walk-

“Unele Joe's” “Unde

ling through the Speaker's lobby met Mr.

Cannon.

“Hello, there, Abe! How are you, Abe?”
exclaimed the Secretary.

“Mr. Secretary,” said the Speaker in a
low voice, “don't say that out loud; you'll
break poor old ‘Uncle Shelby's’ heart. It's
been his stock in trade for these thirty
years.”

Dr. |
Freeman |

 

|

ocal hospitals.

 

FORGED DEPEW'S NAME TO CHECK

14-Year-Old Girl Passes It on a Washington
Jeweller and Is Arrested.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.—Elizabeth Ray,
14 years of age, who says that her home
is in New York, was arrested here to-night
on a charge of forging the name of Senator
Chauncey M. Depew to a check for $50,
which was passed upon a local jeweller in
Feyeient yor a watch, The girl, it is al-
eged, received the watch and some change.

water the check was taken to Senator
Depew's residence, suspicion having been
aroused, and there it was declared to be a
forgery. It was drawn on the Central Na-
tional Bank of Washington. ‘The girl said
it had been sent to her from New York, and
her mother corroborated this statement,
but the prisoner was unable to produce the
letter. She is in the House of Detention
to-night.

QUICKEST DAILY RIDA TRAIN
is the Seaboard Florida Limited. other hi,
class trains. Booklets at office, 1183 Broadway.—Ade.

4

 

 

|