“VoL LXXIV—NO, 358.
CORTELYOU TO AID MARKET

ny A NEW PLAN OF DEPOSITS
FROM WEEK TO WEEK.

 

ttetarnable After Jan. 1 as Required — Aims
at Permanent Policy Insuring Hasy
Money the Year Round Free From
Danger of Gold Exports and Speculation

secretary Cortelyou announced yesterday
radical change in the Treasury Depart-
nt's policy for relieving the commercial
noney market in periods of stringency.
is the Secretary's statement, given
it at hia summer home at Huntington, L. I.
Mr. Cortelyou announced to-day that
inning with next week the Treasury
Don oosuneal will make each week for a
riod of not less than five weeks deposits
uational banks at New York, Boston
vid other points, the security required
approved State, municipal and rail-
oad bonds, acceptable under the existing
quirements of the Department, with the
erstanding that if called for such de-
posite shall be returned after Jannary 1
xt in instalments to be tixed by the Sec-

Here

to be

‘ary of the Preasury. ~

 

—

¢+NEW YORK. SATURDAY. AUGUST 24, 1907.—covvrom, ior, by Th« Gun Printing end Publehng Avevetation
| PLAN THE BATTLESHIP CRUISE | a

YOUNG ZELAYA FORGIVEN.

President of Nicaragua Cables His Boy

to Come Home—Takes His Wife Along.

Wasuinaton, Aug 23.~-Alfonso Zelaya
eays he has received a measage from his
father, President Zelaya of Nicaragua,

saying:

“Come home, all forgiven.”

Alfonso has been waiting for that message
for eighteen months, ever since he dis-
obeyed the wishes of the Nicaraguan dic-
tator outwitted the Nicaraguan Legation
in this city and married Miss Margaret
Baker, the adopted daughter of Dr WW.
Baker, a Government clerk in Washington.
When the message came he lost less than
twenty-four hours in starting. He left
Washington to-day for New York and on
Tuesday will sail for Nicaragua His
wife, who has stuck to him during all the
time of his disinheritance, will sccompany
him

Young Zelaya cameto the United States
six years ago to prepare for entrance to |
West Point His father wanted o make a
soldier of him But the god of love got
the better of the ged of war. When he
came to Washington he met Miss Baker.
All the plans were made for their wedding
when one night young Alfonso was kid-
napped by direction of his father, taken
to the Nicaraguan Legation and spirited
away to New Orleans He vowed that he
would return and wed the girl of his choice

This action is taken to meet the com- | and ho succeeded a short t me afterward
ercial and industrial needs of the country in making good his declaration

this season and is belioved to be prefer-
ble to waiting until a time of acute atrin-
reney, when the only alternative would be ,
large general deposit. The latter policy
()@ Secretary desires to supersede by one
which shall have as ite ultimate object the

adjustment of the operations of the Treas- |

ry Department, as rapidly as may be
practicable under existing law, in such
inmanner as shall preclude their being in
any sense « disturbing factor in the business
world.”

‘ir. Cortelyou did not intimate the total
mount that he stood ready to deposit in

the banks in the next five weeks or more,
but it is understood that he will do every-
‘hing possible to meet the stringency of
‘he erop moving season. He will use the
current customs receipts and if necessary
vill supplement these by money from the
'reasury balance. It was estimated re-
ently that he could deposit $40,000,000 in
the banks without disturbing his working
| alance.

Che Secretary, as indicated in the state-
ent, will not confine his assistance to the
irge money centres of the East, as has
sually been the case when the Treasury

llepartment has come to the assistance of
he money market. It is understood that
\lr Cortelyou has organized in the Treasury
{epartment a bureau which is to keep him
nformed accurately on the money market

nditions in the different parte of the
ountry.

Helief furnished by Mr. Cortelyou's
predecessors to the stringency in the crop |
moving and dividend paying periods has
heen in the nature of large lump deposits.
\ir. Cortelyou has been formulating not a
emporary, but a permanent policy. While
he policy of Secretary Shaw, for inatance,

aimed at periodic elasticity Mr. Cortelyou

lesires, as far as commensurate vith
ibundant protection for the Government's
reserves, easy money for business use the
‘ear around. That policy was indicated
chen Mr. Cortelyou came to the relief of the
market after the silent panic in March by
lepositing $20,000,000 of customs receipts
in New York banks. Prior to March 4,
the date of the Aldrich ourrency reform
aw, deposits of customs receipts in the
\anks were illegal.

Mr. Shaw nullified somewhat the force
f the old statute by making distinct funde
f the \custorns receipts and the revenue
from other sources and using the customs
receipts for Government expenditures,
holding the others in reserve and depositing

part of them as occasion demanded in
national banks throughout the country.

One of the features about Mr. Cortelyou s

w plan for relief ia that speculators wil!
have no way of knowing exactly how much
tnoney can be depended upon from Treasury
sources

It is understood that the Secretary hopes
also by making weekly deposits to as
‘he exporting of gold to Europe. English
tankers for the past week have been mak-

g overtures for shipments The exchange
ate fell off somewhat yesterday and the
lay before, but nevertheless bankers had
veen anticipating that shipments would
cllow any big lump deposit on the part of
the Treasury Department. Mr. Cortelyou,
t is understood, hopes that by making the
eposits week by week the money will be
ateorbed at home.

The new policy will bring about a great
lecrease in the moneys received by the
sub-Treasury in this city and its business
with the banks will be largely diminished.

Secretary Cortelyou’s decision to put
his plan into effect next week was un-
doubtedly brought about by the ocourrences
in commercial circles in the last week or
ten days The Pope Manufacturing Com-
pany, E. ©. Hazard & Co. and Curtiss,
Leggett & Co. of Troy, all three well estab-
‘ished concerns, were force) into the hands
vf receivers by tight money conditions.

Offerings of time money are extremely
mited and the rate has been steadily
advancing recently. Yesterday’e rates
‘ere 6 per cent. for thirty days, 644 to 6%
per cent. for ninety days, 6% to7 per cent.
for four to tix months. Some loans have
een made lately as high as 8 per cent.
for six months and 7 per cent.for sixty days.
the fact that Ligh rates have continued
and none of the interior banks sent on

ney shows that they are well loaned

) all over the country.

The stringeney is further oated by
‘he fact that one Wall Street loaned
$500,000 to two Weatern banks a day or two
‘co. This circumstance is extraordinary,
‘s Western institutions are usually heavy
enders to this market at this season of the

The firmness of the foreign ex-
change market shows that there is little
rhance of gold imports. Last fall some-
‘hing like $50,000,000 was imported.

* was learned yesterday that there is atill

‘standing $9,000,000 of the Government
‘sor i907, They matured on July 1, when

‘ne interest ceased. On the day of re-

‘emption there were $86,000,000 of the
onds outstanding. It is usual for some
Solders to fail to present the bonds for re-
‘eMption, but it is said that there has not
been in years another instance of so large
* umber holding out. Wall Street regards
‘is a6 an indication of the temper of some

©stors toward present conditions. They
“ould prefer to leave their money idle in

Government bonda.

Par

 

ember all throu
*.d Albany are accep

oa waranesae 42: |

uUeGEEESERS Poteatide Aeberiraiss GYFUsdFe EEE sePabkegread ob

By doing #0 he brought parental wrath
down upon his head. his allowance was
| shut off, his father refused to have any-
thing further to do with him and the scion
of the most powerful man and one of the
richest in Central Amer'sa was forced to
earn a livelihood This he did by playing
a piano in local amusement resorts and in
Washington beer gardens. It was in one
of these tha. a‘ representative of ‘he
Nicaraguan Legation found him last night
and broke to him the news of parental for-
giveness

Alfonso concluded the evening's pro-
gramme and then added another number
li was:

“I'se gwine tako steamboat = toot,
toot ”
HISTORIC SHELL EXPLODES.

 

Sev eral Children Hurt by One That Was Re-
covered From th» Sunken Maine.

Three children were injured in Jersey
City on Thursday afternoon by the explosion
of a one and a quarter pound shrapnel
shell which was recovered from the battle-
ship Maine at the bottom of Havana
harbor. The police didn't learn of the
accident until last night

The shell was presented to Eiden Kenny
of 161 Boyd avenue by a sailor friend and
had been kicked around the yard by children
for several years Mr. Kenny's eleven-
year-old son Eiden showed the curiosity
to a group of children and dropped it on the
sidewalk to see how hard it was. The shell
exploded

Eiden’s right hand was blown off and his
left side and hip were lacerated. Grace
Ruddick, 12 years old, of 158 Boyd avenue
was burned on the left arm and her right
side was injured Six-year-old George
O'Rourke of 159 Boyd avenue came out of the
bombardment with a damaged left thumb.
The Kenny boy is in the City Hospital

Windows on a house at 165 Boyd avenue
were shattered by he explosion.

REBUKES THE NATURE FAKERS,

Stanford U niversity President With Roose-
velt on Wolf, Moose and Dog Stortes.
Boston, Aug. 23 --President Jordan of

Leland Stanford University at the con-

vention of zoologists to-day said that he

agreed with President Roosevelt rather
than with his critics on the question of
nature faking. When asked if it were
possible for a wolf to kill a bull moose with

a single bite he said:

“I do not believe it is possible at all. I
should lay my bets on the moose.”

When asked if a dog could kill a wolf
with’twenty bites he said that it largely
depended on what kind of a dog it was
and where he bit the wolf.

When asked about the wolf guiding lost
children home he said if he had children
that he was fond of he would select some
other guide for them.

Another question was asked about a
famished wolf catching a squirrel and in-
stead of eating it, giving it to an older wolf
asa tribute He denounced that story as
a fake, and said if the older wolf wanted
it he should have been around to collect
his tribute.

He wae asked his opinion as to the declara-
tion that fish have*been able to swim up
waterfalls. He said that undoubtedly fish
were able to swim up rapids and sluiceways
alongside of dams, but as for swimming up
precipitous waterfalls the idea was ridicu-
lous.

He denied that the woodpecker makes
iteelf a crutch when injured. Ducks do
not instruct their young to swim in the
water, he said, The latter swim instinct-
ively. As for the alleged shining eyeballs
of frogs in swamps and ponds at night, he
eaid that the statement is not true

oBLIG ATORY ARBITR ATION FAILS

Attempt to Pass It in Hague Conference
Ignored by Half the Delegates.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Taw Sun.

Tue Haour, Aug. 23.—An attempt to
frame a schedule for obligatory arbitra-
tion was made to-day in the first commission
of the peace conference without success.
It is realized that unless unanimity is se-
cured such a scheme would only lead to
confusion, and for that reason more than
half the members of the commiasion ab-
stained from voting when the successive
topics were introduced.

The American miasion was inatructed
by Secretary of State Root to present no
list for obligatory arbitration, seeing that
unanimity was not obtainable, and also

 

to separate clearly the question of arbitra- |

tion on a contractual project and obligatory
arbitration.

Germany and Japan have been opposing
the latter throughout.

OMINOUS EVENT FOR THE CZAR.

To Attend Inauguration of Chapel on Spot
1 +¢ Where Alexander Was Killed.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus Sun.

Sr. Perernssora, Aug. 28.—The Czar is

expected to attend on September 1 the
inauguration of the church built at the |!

 

place where Alexander 11. was assassinated.

This will coe his first orcial visit to St.
g since the opening of the first

The

ACTRESS CHARGES BLACKMAIL

OF HERSELF AND MARRIED MEN
WHO WERE HER CALLERS.

 

| Charge Against Man and Woman Arrested
on Complaint of Susanne Halpren
of the Frohman Companies —Woman
Had Been Her Maid —@100 the Price.

|
r On a charge that they had attempted
| to blackmail Miss Susanne Halpren, who
has been a member of Charles Frohman's
companies, Heriry Steiner, 37 years old, of
511 West 122d stree:, and Jennie Pearlmetter,
who had been Miss Halpren'’s maid, were
| arrested yesterday afternoon by Central
Office detectives after Miss Halpren had
given $100 to Steiner on condition, it is
| charged, that he was not to reveal the names
| of men who had been calling on her. The
arrests was made outside of the Hotel
Rand, at 142 West Forty-ninth street, where
Steiner, it is said, had demanded and had
received the money from the actress. The
man and the woman were taken to Police
! Headquarters, where the bille, which |
been marked, were found on Steiner.
Magistrate Breen in the Tombs court held
the couple in $1,000 bail for a hearing thie
morning. Mies Halpren did not appear in
court, but Lawyer Dan O'Reilly, who repre-
sented her, said that she would be present
this morning to preas the complaint.

Miss Halpren was in the “Puddin’ Head
Wilson” company, with Frank Daniels in
“Sergeant Brue” and also appeared in “The
Pride of Jennico.” Acoording to the story
| She told the police Steiner had been an-
| noying her with demands for money for
| some time

About two months ago Miss Halpren
| engaged Mrs. Pearlmetter as a maid,
| and Steiner appeared shortly after that.
' The maid told Miss Halpren that she was a
| widow with two children. She came in by
| the day, but it was not long, Mise Halpren
| said, before Steiner began to spend a good
| deal of his time in her apartments and

make himself generally obnoxious. Finally,
| Miss Halpren said, she was forced to dis-
charge the maid. Soon after Mrs. Pearl-
metter came to her and told her that
Steiner had noted carefully the names of
| the men who had called upon her in her
| apartments, particularly the married ones.

She said that he would make tropble for the

men, the married ones, unless he got $100.
| The woman said she thought it would be a
| good thing for Miss Halpren to have an
interview with Steiner
Steiner appeared and made the demand
| for the money.
| The actress decided then to have a talk
| with the police. On Inspector McCafferty's
advice Miss Halpren made an appointment
with Steiner for Thursday evening at the
Hotel Rand, where she had lived. The
police told her to offer him $50. Two de-
tectives were in hiding when Steiner called.

Steiner refused to take the $50 and is
said to have announced loud enough for
the detectives to hear:

“Unless you give me $100 I will make the
names public.”

Miss Halpren told Steiner to» come back
yesterday, when she would have thought
it over. The detectives told her to give
Steiner $100, two $50 bills, both of which
they had marked. Steiner appeared with
the woman and took the money. Then the
detectives pinched both of them.

The narnes of the men who had called
upon Miss Halpren did not come out yester-
day. It is said that the police know of at
least one man who was approached by
Steiner and who gave up money. Steiner
is aaid to have called on others. Some of
Miss Halpren's callers are said to have been
men of more or less prominence.

Mr. O'Reilly said last night that he did
not care to discuss his client's case before
the hearing. He said that an effort would
be made to prevent any of the names of
her callers from being made public.

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE MOFFETTS MUST MOVE,

Too Much Notoriety Attaches to Their
| Domestic Affairs, the Landlord Says.
More trouble came to Charles W. Moffett
yesterday. Mr. Moffett is the Brooklyn
husband whose wife left him for a week in
the company of the Rev. Asbury 8. Whedon
because he raved-;as both she and the
clergyman said—raved abominably.
Yesterday just when the wife had re-
turned to Mr. Moffett on hia promise that
he would do no more raving Thomas R.
Farrell of 635 Carleton avenue, a Brookiyn
borough superintendent of highways and
owner of the house in which the Moffetta
live, served dispossess notice upon the
erstwhile raving husband and the lately
rescued wife.
September 1.
Mr. Farrell gave as hie reason for the
— proceedings the fact that he
could not stand for #0 much notoriety |
accumulating about his property at 545
| Soren street. He was glad that Mr.
Moffett didn't rave any more and that the |

Kev. Asbury S. Whedon had restored to

Mr. Moffett his lawful wife; but all that |
notwithstanding, there was a_ certain
amount of depreciation of property values
attaching to incidents such as that which '
has enlivened the Moffett household, and |
Mr. Farrell didn't see how he could accept |
the same with cyanea.

 

FoR SING,

Dr. Howard Chairman of the Commission
to Select a New Prison site.

ALBANY, Aug. 23-—-The new commission
appointed to select a site for Sing Sing
prison to-day named Dr. Charles F. Howard
of Buffalo as chairman. Of the eighty-nine
sites offered eighteen | ave been designated
as worthy of inspe vio. by the commission.

“We will examin» ail the sites on both
sides of the Hudeon River,” Dr. Howard
said to-day “It wili be of advantage to
have the prison on the r ver bank, but that
is not the greatest concern. We must |
look first to the water supply for an insti-
tution of that character. Of course there
ie objection from villages and from the
owners of fine residences along the river
against having a prison near them, and
the commission must use tome judgment
in this matter.” ,

A NEW SI NG

 

| Latest by Marconi Wirciess.

Ss St. Paul, for New York, was 90 miles east of
Nantucket iightship at 8 P. M,

 

Barnett’s Extract of Vanilla
Ie the best, by test, perfectly pure, concentrated.

  

‘
‘

Following this |

This ia to take effect on |

eee cere eee eanneene aoe:

 

WATCH ON NEW HAVEN MERGER,

Government Wants to Know About the B os-
ton and Maine Consolidation.

Wasminaton, Aug. 23.—The proposed
merger of the New York, New Haven and
Hartford and Boston and Maine railroads
is under investigation by the Federal Gov-
ernment and if the consolidation is carried
out it will be done only after the President
and the Department of Justice are satisfied
that there ie nothing in the wational laws
that can prevent it,

Attorney-General Bonaparte was in con-
ference to-day with District Attorney
French at Boston over the long distance
telephone, this business being the last that
was transacted by Mr. Bonaparte prepara-
tory to his retirement to Lenox, Mass., for
another period of recreation.

Inquiries at the Department of Justice
brought forth little information beyond
the fact that the contemplated merger of
the two big railroad systems in New England
was under consideration by the authorities.
All that could be learned was that “the mat-
ter is in the hands of District Attorney
French.”

Another feature of the investigation
into the affairs of the New Haven road and
the Boston and Maine is an inquiry regard-
| ing the acquisition of electric trolley roade
in New England by the New Haven cor-
eins A great number of competing
trolley lines have been acquired by the |
New York, New Haven and Hartford Rail-
road, especially in Connecticut and Maésa-

chusetts, and the Department of Justice
wants to know whether the acquisition of
these does or does not form a violation of
| the anti-trust or interstate commerce laws.

Attorney-General Bonaparte will take
another rest from official labors until about
September 20. He left Washington for
| Lenox to-day, intending to stop overnight in

Baltimore.

 

 

 

NEGROES FOR FORAKER,

Georgia Repabitcan League Deciares for
Him for President —Denounces Roosevelt.

| ATLANTA, Aug. 23.—Resolutions indorsing

 

 

PRESIDENT CONFERS WITH NEW-
BERRY, BROWNSON AND EVANS.

Sixteen Battieships Will Start in December,
Wl Visit San Francisco and Probably
Puget Sound—Return Route Not De- |
chied—Leupp at Sagamore Hill Too.

Overmr Bary, Aug. 23.— Acting Secretary
of the Navy Newberry, Rear Admiral
Brownson, head of the Naval Board, and
Rear Admiral Evans came to Sagamore
Hill to-day to discuss with President Roose-
velt the proposed assembling of an im-
mense fleet in Pacific waters. All the
President's visitors went out of town by
an unexpected route, thereby dodging the
reporters, and Secretary Loeb, when ques-
tioned about the conference, said at first
that no statement concerning it would
be made. Last night he changed his mind
and gave out this

The conference this afternoon between the
President and acting Secretary of the Navy
Newberry, Rear Admiral Brownson, Chief of
the Bureau of Navigation, and Rear Admiral
Evans was to decide some details in connec-
tion with the fleet going to the Pacific.

The fleet will consist of sixteen battleships
and will start some time in December, going
through the Straits of Magellan and up to
San Francisco, and will probably also visit
Puget Sound. The question of the route by |
which it will returntothe Atlantic has not as
yet been decided. The destroyer flotilla will
leave for the Pacific at about the same time
ae the fleet, but will not accompany it

Secretary Newberry and Rear Admiral |
Brownson got here on the 12:29 train and
went at once to Sagamore Hill. They said |
they might make a statement after the
conference. Admiral Evans wae also ex-
pected on the noon train, but he wired that
hia train had been delayed and that he
would come later.

Admiral Evans got in on the 3:10 train.

| Senator Foraker for the Presidency and | He said that when he first got notification

denouncing the Georgia disfranchisement |
law were adopted at a rally of the Repub-
lican State League held here to-day.
was attended by 3,000 negroes and a Sia
ling of white Republicans.
Thomas Blodgett, brother of Postmaster
Blodgett of Atlanta, and Bishop Turner
were the principa’ speakers. They de-
nounced Roosevelt for appointing Demo-
crats to office in the South to the exclusion
of Republicans.
Blodge tt said that if the league candidates
were elected as delegates to the national
convention they would put a plank in the
Republican platform denouncing the negro
disfranchirement acts in Georgia, South
Carolina, North Carolina and Alabama and
compel a return to the republican form of
State government.

GOV. TAYLOR MAKES PROPOSAL.

Says He Will Return te Kentacky for Trial
if Square Deal is Gwnaranteed.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 23.—William S. Tay-
lor, former Governor of Kentucky, who
has been a refugee in this State for seven
years, issued a statement to-night in anawer
to the propositien of Prosecutor Franklin
to grant him immunity if he will testify in
the Powers case.

Taylor says that he has already given a
deposition in the case and that it was the
privilege of Franklin to cross-examine
him at that time, but he did not doso. He
then makes the following proposition:

“Inasmuch as Mr. Franklin abounds in
propositions and promises, and seems
enamored of the idea that he oan do things,

1 will say this: If he will in some way

provide an absolute guarantee, not merely

& promise, a guarantee that will inspire

confidence among sensible, level headed,

honest men;a guarantee the spirit of which
may not be violated though the letter be
ee that I will be given a fair and
}
|

 

impartial trial, I will gladly return to Ken-
tucky and submit to trial.

“In other words, if Mr. Franklin will cause
what remains of the $100,000 corruption
fund to be returned to the treasury of Ken-
tucky, no part of it to be used in these
prosecutions, then, putting my case on the
same footing as other criminal cases, will
guarantee that all trial juries in my case
will be composed of six upright Democrats
and a like number of upright Republicans;
will guarantee that bail will be granted
me within the limits of $100,000; will dismiss
= wndiatsaente against all parties used as

witnesses, leaving them free

to Cie thout fear, coercion or restraint,
and lat” but by no means least, will in ad-
vance by mutual a ent select an able,
et and impartial cuaee te try my case,
I will without any of ‘immunity
voluntarily and god y return to Kentucky,
not only to testify in the Powers case, but
to submit myself to trial before a jury of
my native State.”

TWO HURT RY AUTO,

Man Supposed te Be George P. Clark and
Friend Run Down in Broadway.

| Two men, «upposed to be George P. Clark,
| president of the George P Clark Trucking
| Company of 253 Broadway, and a friend of
Clark's, named Gramwell, were run down
by one of the New York Transportation
Company's electric cabs at Fortieth street
| and Broadway at 12:40 this mornin, Both
were taken to the New York ospital.
Gramwell is believed to be seriously hurt
The cab was on ite way to the trans-
portation company’s stables on Columbus
avenue. William Walsh, ‘the man who
was running it, says that Clark and his
friend started to cross Broadway in front
of the vehicle but stopped when they were
right in front of it. Waleh Soped the
brakes, but Broadwa ane pery rom
the rain and the cab vided along. It
ran over Gramwell a" on him uncon-
scious. Clark was knocked to one side.

CORSE PAY TON” ROBBED.

He and His Wife Lose Jewelry at the Hotet
Albany—Also Another.

Corse Payton, the actor, reported at the
Tender‘o!s. station yesterday that ho and
om wife were robbed of a $150 necklace, a

id i and ee of thet which
ae ft oh the irroom at the
Hotel Albany on a

who were working on the

 

 

 

 

Detectives
aap ena they

that anotuer lost a $150
watch the he eowin, The detectives
thought the thieves aod @ pase key.

 

Chinaman in Bellevue's Psychopathic Ward.
E. Tan Fwee, 40 years old, a Chinese
druggist at 14 Mott street, was taken to

lievue last night by Dr. Kibbe of fe
ludaon serogs hospital tal aad put a in Cop

| poswe ward.
\ failing %. cane time.

After all, USHERS the Scotch
Wat made the bighbail famows.—Ace

 

j
|

= ce SSS ss n> es

po EEE eee

to join the conference he was fifty miles |
off the Chesapeake Capes on his flagship,
the Connecticut, which is mancuvring
with the firet and second divisions of the
Atlantic fleet. The Admiral caught a train
as quickly as he could, but was delayed |
by an engine breakdown on the way here.

“What are you here for?” some one asked
the Admiral.

“I wish to hell you would tell me what I
am here for,” he replied.

The reporters told Admiral Evans they
would see him later, to which he replied:

“Not (if I see you first.”

The reporters had been led to believe
that the President's visitors would leave
Oyster Bay on the 6:22 train, but they learned
that the Navy Department experte stole a
march on them by going in one of the Gov-
ernment automobiles to Syosset, seven
miles from here, on the Wading River
division of the Long Island Railroad, where
they caught a train at 5:22 o'clock, which
didn't get them to Long Island City much
before they could have arrived on the 6:10
from here.

Among the President's other visitors |
to-day were Commissioner Leupp of the |
Bureau of Indian Affairs; Lawrence
Grahame, Secretary of the Interior for |
Porto Rico, and Lincoln Steffens

SECRETARY ROOT IMPROVES,

 

Week of Rest-and Life in the Open Has Re-
newed His Strength.

Secretary of State Elihu Root yesterday |

completed a week at William Muldoon’s
place near White Plains, his health much
improved by the rest and out of doors
exercise he has had.

The Secretary is not following the rigid
regimen laid down for most of the patients
there. He takes horseback rides about
the surrounding roads, frequently mofdts
and often takes long walks, keeping in the
open air as much as possible. At no time
has he been prevented from giving personal
attention to the affairs of his office.

Mrs. Root is staying at the Hotel Gotham
in this city.

WasuInctTon, Aug. 23.—Reports that
Seoretary of State Root has suffered a
col get no credence whatever here |
from those who know the facts. Mr. Root
is not in a state of collapse, although he
has not been in the best of health for several
months. This candition was produced by
overwork and lack of proper exercise
rather than anything else.

Since he has been away from Washington
he has not been able to get the sort of reat
and freedom from care that he has needed.
Even at his home in Clinton he has not
been able to seclude himeelf from those
who wished to have hi» attention. There |

has been acurcely a day while he has been

on his vacation that he has not had five or
six callers “ho wanted to discuss various |
matters with him. He has realized that
before starting out upon his proposed |
trip to Mexico he must get himeelf into
better physical condition. Accordingly he
decided to go to Muldoon’s place,where he |
could undertake a course of training and
at the same time be more secluded.

During all the time Mr. Root has been
absent from Washington he has kept in
touch daily with the State Department
and all its affairs. Every State Depart-
ment matter outside of mere routine has
been reported to him, and searcely a

day has passed but the Department haa |

received a letter from Mr. Root. More-
over, these letters have been in his own
handwriting, indicating that up to the

present time he has been conducting all |

his correspondence without assistance.
DR, LAMBERT’S DRIVER ARRESTED |

Pr esident Roosevelt's Physician Then Takes
a Trip to the Night Court.

Emanuel Bianchi, chauffeur for Dr. Alex-

ander Lambert of 96 East Thirty-first street, |

 

President Roosevelt's physician, was ar- |

reated last night for speeding on Fifth |
avenue between Forty-fifth and Forty-
eighth streets. Dr. Lambert went to the
aie court to see ween hapoened to his
driver and was sittin bench with |
Magistrate Cornell when n Bianchi was ar-

raigned.

hi admitted that he was going at
the rate of eighteen miles an hour, where-
upon the Magistrate said he wouldn't be
hard on him. He was fined $5

Record Load of Transatiantic Voyagers.

Julius P. Meyer, assistant general man-
ager of the Hamburg-American Line, re-
céived a despatch from his home office last
night saying that the steamship Kaiserin
Auguste Victoria, which sailed from Cher-
bourg at 8:15 P. M., has aboard 1,08 cabin
passengers and 1,278 steerage passengers,
the largest number that ever has crossed

the Atlantic in a single ship. The Kaiserin |
ie due here on att “

 

 

to-morrow,

 

 

RAILROAD FINED 820,000.

eral Freight Agent | Also Fined 823,000
for Rebating.

| MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 23.—A fine of $20,
| was imposed upon the Chicago, St. Paul,
Minneapolis and Omaha Railway Company
| and ite former general freight agent, Hiram |

M. Pearce, was ordered to pay a $2,000 fine

by Judge Page Morris in the United States
District Court in Minneapolis to-day.

The Omaha road, jointly with its former
general freight agent, was convicted in the
same court on April 11 for granting rebates
to the Spencer Grain Company

{FTER ELBERT AUBBARD.

Roycrofter Forced to Discharge Boy and
Girl Employees.

East Avrora, Aug: 23.—E. H. Williamson,
Deputy State Inepector of Factories, made
a visit to this place this week and caused
trouble in the ranks of the Royocrofters.
He did not find things to his liking in Elbert
Hubbard's printery and hotel, and he de-
manded the immediate discharge of a
dozen girls and boys who are under 14
years of age and who had been employed
ty Hubbard in violation of the State labor
jaws.

Hubbard's excuse was that he was giving
these child laborers a chance to make a
few dollars during the vacation.

 

 

FIT, FIRE AND RUMPS.
Casualties Come Thick and Fast at the P oto
Grounds.

Mishaps and casualties were numerous
' at the Polo Grounds yesterday. In ad-
' dition to the bad accident to Bowerman,
' Bresnahan, Doyle, Dahien and Phelps were
bumped or stepped on or momentarily
| lamed

A man in the bieachers had a fit and was
| carried out and there was a small blaze
in the upper stand caused by a cigarette.

| The contents of a bucket of water put the
| blawe out, but the water trickled through
, on the straw lid of a man in the stand un-

derneath. ,
| When Arthur Bell, the superintendent

of the grounds, inspected the grand
| stand at & o'clock last valent he found a
small blaze near the press seats. He got

several employees busy with hose, but

| the fire spread rapidly and an alarm was
‘seid The firemen had the blaze
doused in a short time, but they had to
rip up about sixty feet of the grand stand
to do it. The damage was $1,000.

A force of carpenters was ordered to
go to work early this morning, and the
damage was expected to be repaired by
the time the game starts this afternoon.

 

GOODMAN IS MAYOR.
Feels Proud of His Job After Thirteen
Years Service as Alderman.
Vice-President Elias Goodman of the
Board of Aldermen became the acting Mayor
| yesterday. Mayor MoClellan went back to
| Maine on Thursday night to finish his va-
| cation and President McGowan of the
Board of Aldermen is away on a holiday.

Mr. Goodman is a Republican, and ac-
| cording to City Hall tradition he ie the
| first Republican who has ever acted as
|*Mayor in a Democratic administration.

“I feel rather proud of my new honor,”
Mr. Goodman @id yesterday as hesat back
in the Mayor's chair.
promoted to the highest position in the
city government after thirteen years ‘of
service as an Alderman.”

Mr. Goodman's duties will be entirely
| perfunctory. He could only exercise execu-
| tive power in the event of Mayor MoClellan
j and Mr. McGowan remaining away from
| the city for more than thirty days

 

CORBETT AN AUTO

SPEEDER.

Ex-Prizefighter Drives a Machine Faster
Than He Sometimes Fought.
James |. Corbett and two friends left
, the Green Room Club in an automobile
| yesterday afternoon and started up Broad-
| way for the Polo Grounds. At Fiftieth
| street a wagon got in the way and Corbett,
| who was driving, put on speed. When the
| machine got to Fifty-third street it was
| going twenty miles an hour. A bicycle
policeman gave chase, but he did not catch
the auto until it reached Fifty-eighth street.
In the West Side court Magistrate Droege
fined Corbett $10

 

MRS. EDDY QUOTES SCRIPTURE.

|

|

; Message to the “Datly Mail" —Will Go On as

in the Past Healing the Sick.

| Special Cable Despatch to Tak Sux.

| Lonpon, Aug. 23.—The Daily Mail cabled

| to Mary Baker G. Eddy, the founder of |
Christian Science, offering to print a message

' from her reviewing the legal proceedings
in her case and the situation for the benefit

of English Christian Scientiste. Mra. Eddy
replied:

| “The situation of the lawsuit is described

jin the Seripture, James ii.,24. Our work

in the future will be the same as in the past;

namely, to love God supremely and to love

our neighbor as ourself, to return good

for evil, to reform the sinner and to heal

the sick.”

 

James ii., 24, reads: “Ye see then how
that by works a man is justified, and not
by faith only.”

Gamemgeemenmmeienemes

VOLIVA BUYS A NEW ZION,

| Dowte’s Successor Arranges for a Colony
" in New Mexico.

East Las Veoas, N. M., Aug. 28.—Wilbur
Glen Voliva, who succeeded John Alexan-

 

 

der Dowie as head of the Christian Catholic |

| Church and a party of loyal followers are

in Las Vegas to found a new oolony in this

section.
| They have purchased 5,000 acres of fer-
tile land on the Las Vegas grant, near Las
Vegas, and expect within « few weeks to
have 2,000 colonists here.

Negotiations are under way to-day for

the purchase of a large additional tract of
land

JUDGE K, M. LANDIS ILL, —

Man Who Fined Standard OU Co. Suffering
From Nervous Breakdown.

Cuicaco, Aug. 23.—Judge K. M. Landis
is said to be ill at the farm of his brother,
C. C. Landis, near Delphi,
Ind. The Judge is suffering from a nervous
| affliction caused by overwork and the ex-
| citement incident to his duties within the
last three months.

He recently visited his mother at Indian-
apolis and there it was found that he was
| quite ill and the trip to Delphi was under-
taken in the hope of finding @ retired place

| where he might reouperate.

4
{

 

 

 

“I have at last been |

SaroRpar, Avover 2%, 1907.
Showers to-day: partly cloudy and warmer
fresh southwesterly winds.

 

 

PRICE TW TWO CENTS.

CLOVER LEAF GETS THE ALTON

 

ooo | THEREBY FORMING A NEW AND

IMPORTANT SYSTEM.

 

What Harriman Does With His Minority In-
terest New Owners Don't Care —Most
of Them Are No Friends of His—Deal
Contingent on Alton Getting Immunity.

Control of the Chicago and Alton, whioh
the Rock Island party wrested from E. H.
Harriman and his associates last June after
a contest which began three years ago,
has to all intente and purposes been trans-
ferred to the Toledo, St. Louis and Western.
The stock which will change hands on the
forma) ratification of the contract is the
majority interest owned by the Rock Island
company

Neither Mr. Harriman nor any of his
associates was consulted in regard to the
} transaction,and the formal announcement
of it yesterday was as much of a surprise
to them as to any one else in the financial
district. What Mr. Harriman will do with
the Union Pacific's minority interest seemed
to interest no representatives of either the
buying or selling company

The men in control of the Toledo, St.
Louis and Western, better known as the
Clover Leaf, are as hostile to Mr. Harriman
as any of the Rock Island party have shown
themselves. Edwin Hawley, one of the
most prominent of them, fell out with Mr.
Harriman when the Rock Island party
showed its hand in the Alton in 1904. Mr
Hawley has since resigned from the Union
Pacific board. Associated with Mr. Hawley
in the Clover Leaf are Gen. Thomas H
Hubbard, a former Southern Pacific direc.
tor,who is suing that Harriman line to com-
pel payment of interest on a bond issue,
H. K. Huntington, interested as plaintiff /
in the same suit; James N. Wallace. presi-
dent of the Central Trust Company; Charles
A. Tweed, until lately a member of Speyer
4& Co.; William A. Read of the banking house
of W. A Read & Co., and Theodore P
Shonts, president of the Interborough-
Metropolitan. Mr. Shonte is president
of the company, but has not been in charge
of operation since he took charge of the
Inter-Met.

The prospective purchasers also control
the Minneapolis and St. Louis, which owns
a majority of the stock of the Iowa Central.
On the ratification of the Alton transaction
they will be in control of a system with a
mileage of 2,885, traversing one of the
best traffic sections in the country. The
transaction thus brings about one of the
most important changes of the railroad map
that have been made for many months.

Eventually the four roads will be merged
into one compact system. Meanwhile the
management of the four roads will be made
harmonious and close traffic arrangements
will be made. Clover Leaf officera will
succeed Rock Island officers in the Alton.
Very likely President S. M. Felton of the
Alton, who has been retained in office dur-
ing both Rock Island and Union Pacific
control of the road, will retire.

“We have had no relations with Mr.
Felton,” said a director of the Clover Leaf
yesterday. “On the other hand, our rela-

 

 

a

tions are very intimate with and we have
every contidence in Mr. Shonts, the presi-
dent, and Mr. Ross, the vice-president in
charge of operation. In all probability
one of these men will take Mr. Felton's
place.”

The most important contingency on which
ratification of the contract reste is the de-
cision of the Government in the Alton
immunity m.itter. Naturally enough the
Clover Leaf people do not care to buy into
a lawsuit, especially when the lawsuit offers
a chance of a fine equal to the $20,240,000
imposed upon the Standard Oil Company
for taking rebates from the Alton It
has been expected that . decision on this

| matter would be reached by Judge Landis
j and the Department of Justice before this,
but whatever the cause of the delay, it is
generally believed that the outcome will
be favorable. At any rate al Alton offi-
cials insist that there is no question that
the immunity was promised and that they
have kept faith

As a formality also Colver Leaf officials
are to inspect the physical condition of the
Alton and go over the books This in-
spection will be made within two weeke,
and in case a favorable decision onthe im-
munity matter is rendered by that time
the final papers will be signed early in
| September. The official statement of the
transaction is as follows:

The acquisition of the Chicago and Alton
hy the Toledo, St. Lonis and Wes places
the latter in a potential position in the trans-
portation affairs of the Middie Weat. A
system which reaches with ite own rails
Detroit, Toledo, St. Louis, St. Paul, Chicago,
Peoria and Kansas City and serves the ricoh
and populous territory between those cities
must be an important factor in the transporta-
tion world.

The connections which the Toledo, 8t.
Louis and Western will make over its own
raila by this arrangement at Kansas City,
namely, with the Rock Island, Union Pacifie,
Atchison, Missouri, Kansas and Texas, Kan-
sas City Southern and other important roads,
should add considerably to its possibilities
and strength.

By the construction of about seven miles
of road from Panama, on the Toledo, &t.
Louis and Western, to Litchfield, on the
Chicago and Alton, a line can be established
between Panama and Kansas City over the
system's own rails shorter by many miles
than the shortest line via St. Louis. This
route will, by avoiding the delays at East
| St. Louis, have a distinct advantage in point
of time over the St. Louis gateway, and by
| hauling the traffic over the system's own
| bridge at Louisiana, across the Mississippi,
| effect a large saving to both roads as against

present oost to each,

The establishment of thie route should
strengthen both the Clover Leaf and the
Alton on high grade Missouri River traffic.

The terms under which the Chicago and
Alton has been acquired by the Toledo, 8t.
Louis and Western provide that the latte,

—— ee SS

pure! on the basis of 4 per cent. at par
for 63,900 shares of the preferred stock and
2 per cent. for the first five years and 4 per

i

amount ran minimum of 909,280
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1008, to a
maximum of $1,010,228 for the fiecal year
ended June 30, 1007, the only risk to the To-
ledo, Bt, Louls and Western will be $100,000
for the first five years and $200,000 for the
second five years. This risk seems very
slight as compared with benefits to be de