——

eo

ay
ae

. Whatever may be the reeult in
tt eens ericts of the anthracite belt no

will raeume work tn the Lackawanna
region, cnt the acceptance of the operators
is received

FEAR THAT OPERATONS WILL NOT YIRLD

It will be noticed that the resolutions adopted

4 po mention of the powder question an
the proposition of the operat!

“HOT ON SCIREIBER'S TRAIL

|

|

| | The Fugitive Jersey Bank Clerk Reported

4}

o acc
to ah. i price of the explosive from $: 75
$1.60 a keg. National Organizer Dileher, |
f laining this, this evening aaid that the
matter is one 9 the que |

tis that the miners desire ty have
ted, The coinmitter toa tovidod

omit {¢ from ita resolutions and to bring it

r when there is no danger of Its come

*P la !
piicating matters, It was deemed best to
¢ the offer of a 19 per cer t advance for

af tals employees to stand alone, The price
0!

pall but the Lackawanna Luzerne
md : aS only 91,50 a keg and 4 19 per

° % advance with the reduction in the price
of pow

 

figured in would mean a higher
wage ate for the Schuylkill and Lett@h re-
gions than for the miners in this vicinity
However, despite amooth explanations, it
seen here @o-maht that the resolutions of
t iners simply veil a 6% heme so aqueeze
ittle more

from the operators than they
concede in their offer--that is, a 10 per cent.
vane

lor miners here, a4 well as a reduction
fnpew ler rates. It means further concessions
by atore and there is a growing fear that
the operators will refuse to go farther and
hold up a fettioment, making another cote

vention necessary.

 

OPERATORS 10 CO\CEDE NO MORE.

Offer of the Miners’ Convention Will Not Ena
the Strike.

Wrunes-Barne, Pa., Oct. 13.—The cry of the
people throughout the coal region to-night ts
one of gladness at what they consider the set-
tlement of the strike, but they will be rudely
shocked to discover it ia no nearer an ending
than it was four weekea ago. The offer of the
convention at Beranton has been generally ac-
cepted by everybody except the operators to
mean a speedy resumption of work, but the
operators will not accept the conditions im-
posed, They will agree to nothing except
their own offer of 10 per cent, net increase In
wages, They will not agree to fix any limit for
the 10 per cent. remaining in force, they
not agree to arbitrate any minor or any other
grievanoes. They may agree to abolist
the sliding scale systein of paring waxes. They
make these assertions to-t ight with the most
positive emphasis and declare that they will
stand firm to what thev offered, but will not
increase it by any other concessions The
men must accept the 10 per cent without any
yroviao «oor: ocontinue on Regarding

he arbitration and time limit for the increase
They wiil con-

not
o

sirike

they are most determined

sider neither. As to @ slid acale they say
they have not discrus*ed sibility of
abolishing {t, but probably not allow

  

ral
correspondent

 

{t to stand in the way of & Set

wore interviewed br THe Stn

here to-night and all were nnaniine| a regard
ing these points and they do bot consider “he
strike near an end There is onir one way

it can be settled, they assert, and tat is by the
men returning to work at the offer mace by
the compan
"RS aking arbitration and the strikers’ de
mand that the operators agree to It In the set-
tlement of minor grievances General Superin-
tendent W. A. Lathrop of the Lehigh Valley
Coal Company ‘ud No do not think
operators will agree to arbitretion Ther had
evidence of how effective it was at the Markle
mines, Aa soon as the men do not get by arbi-
tration what they want they give up arbitra-
tion. Each of Markle's 2.500 employees signed
an agreement to submit all differences to arbi-
tration, but when the test came ail broke their
written promise. They were ordered to do to
by their President, John Mitchell, I do not
alieve the operators will agree to any limit
f the increase offered remaining in force;
that would be @ one-sided agreement, for they
could not

be sure the miners would keep ft;
they would atrike any

 

 

   

time they liked.”
Men high in mining circles say to-night that
@ outlook is darker than before, because

tho men have made what they consider a very
fair offer and as the operators will not grant

single th more than the 10 per cent, offered
the sirike will be foug t ou! for weeks, until
the endurance of both sides is thoroughly
tested.

 

READING COMPANY FAVORABLE.

It Is Believed That It Will Meet the Demands
of the Miners.

Porravruue, Pa., Oct. 13.—The news of the
decision of the miners’ convention at Scranton
was received here with mich satisfaction. The
Reading Coal and Iron Company in good faith
weeks ago offered its 27,000 employeesof thirty-
nine collieries a 10 per cent. advance extra on
their wages, or 6 per cent. above the basis, and
with the average price of coal, it was confl-
dently expected that this advance would ex-
tend further than next April. The sliding
scale was established between the coal oper-
ators and the miners many years ago, at tre

will |

the:

| to keep ber woman's finery
| taking such property aa could be sold at a fair

suggestion of the miners and ts based upon |

the selling price of coal at Port Carbon belo.
this city. Conservative men in the Schuylkill
coal regions say that the Reading company has
alwayemet its empliojeesin & kindly spirit,
and asthe company hases; ecially announced its
willingness at all times to meet committees of
ita employees, there will be trouble about
the company and its miners getting together
and adjusting differences in conformity with
the resolutions adopted to-day at Seranton
By doing away with the sliding scale altogether
and fixing tie wages of
re, corresponding to the latest basis, will
ikely be satisfactory to the Reading Company
for the purposes of ragumption andcontinuance
until] April 1 next, when the company and its
emplorees can arbitrate the situation and arrive
at a conclusion satisfactory to both. The
miners’ convention resolutions make no allusion
to treating or arbitrating with the union, but
the Reading Company at no time would have
asked any committee of its employees whether
or not they belong to any union
Tbe Reading (Company gives its men powder
at cost This question is not retarted to by
the Scranton convention The Reading Com-
pany has no company stores. Many individual
eolferies in the Reading district have. On
this quegiion the Scranton resolutions are als
silent. Hence, it can be confidently predicted
that eo far as the Reading Company is con
cerned {t will likely neree to the terms at Scran-
ton promptly on will be ready to resume just
as soon a8 all other coal companies agrea ‘and
@ word is given to go to work. The Reading
many {a satisfied with the sliding scale,
{it la the most convenient form of fairly fix-
wages. It has been satisfactory to its
auinere right along, and is regarded here as
& spuch fairer basis than those in the Luzerne
a Yyoming regions. Whether the corm-
pany is willing to do away with the sliding
scale at Once or at any time is, of course, a
subject to be considered by the company

  

A FEW MEN GOING BACK TO WORK.

We Ie Expected That Many Will Report for

Daty on Monday,
Hazteton, Pa, Oct. 18—The fourth week
of the coal atrike closed with to-day,and out-
side of reporting that the fas leton mines and
shaft 40 of the .ehigh Valley Coal Company,
the Cranberry colliery of A Pardee and the
Markle mines are ati!l working, there is little

.

to be told. At the Cranberry colliery eight
men repo for work to-day, and the chances
are that maf will report for work at the vari-

gee oolleries, whether the strike is settled
y that time or not, on Monday mornin

The
on. & Co. to-day paid their mean the! Septem-
w and if the strike is not settled soon
that fs the jast pay many of the atrikers will ro
ceive until the trouble is over. Ali the Cox
colliertes are shut down. Since yesterday a
number of strikers have called at the [Lehigh
ley Coal Company's offic here and asked to
be reinstated. Supt. Zerbey racelved the men
corgiahty, andgranted ‘e requests. Themen
told Mr. Zerbey that thay had come to the con-
clysion that they had acted patlly when they
went on strike, and that they had been earrled
the apecious promisas of the labor
re. That many of the foreigners em-
ployed in the mines are yeainst a continuation
oft awrike and would Ifka to return to work is

avideo

high Valley Coal Company and Cor

 

Miners Paid Of,

BmAMOKIN, Pa, Oct. 13.—The streets were full
to-day of striking miners empleyed by the Unien

miners al an exact !

   

SLEUTHUS, REAL AND AMATEUR,
TEMPTED BY 45,000 REWAKD.

Found Three Times Yesterday, but Every
Heport Untrue— Flimsy Clae From Merrts
town, N. J. Mrs, Hart Closely Watched,

It was reported from three different plabes
veaterday that Willlam Schreiber, the defauiting
clerk of the Flizabethport Banking Company,
had been caught In the morning he waa re-
ported in custody at New Providence, near
Surimit, N.d About noon he had been located |
near Wading River, 1. 1, and about the middle |
of the afternoon he had been nabbed, accord.
ing to the reports, on the outskirts of San Fran-
claeo

Schreiber had not been caught
up to a late hour last night. The |
ing him back to Jersey Justice ha» Leen turned
over to the Pinkertons and George 5, Dough-
erty, assistant superintendent of the Pinker-
tons’ Eastern division, has charge of the case. |
He was away froim his office most of the day |

Bangs
that the

anywhere
»b of bring-

esterday, but General Supt. George D
said to a SUN reporter “1 regret lo sa
various reporta of the capture of Schreiber are
not true. There are no new developments in
the case

“Ie it true that your men are so close on the
young man's track that he may be in custody |
within a comparatively few hours?” Supt, bangs |
was asked,

“As to that,” he said, “I guess I'd better say
nothing

Areward of $5,000) has offered for
Schreiber's arrest, and any body may have a try
for the reward. It may be expected, there
fore, that reports of the young man’s arrest
will come in thick and fast fur the next lew
days. One of them may prove lo be true

The clue which the sensation mongers tried
hardest yesterday to distort into the certainty
of Schreiber’s capture was not worth much
when the facta without caaggeratioD Were
learned. It was asserted that b. HB. helly, a
State detective and a Justice of the Peace of
Summit, N. J., was hot on the young mans

trail and expected to bave him inalew minutes
Kelly did get on to # clue and tuilowed it with
qreat eagerness, but Without any results that
give promise of success in the iminediate future.
On Thureday Kelly, who has some reputation
asa detactive in New Jersey, heard from Mors |
riatown that on the day before a short blond |
young man acoompauied by &@ flashily dressed
woman @otoffa train from New York and spent
|

been

the day in Morristown. It was surmised that
tps might be Schreiber and his mistress, Mrs.
art.
hKeily, anxious to get the $5,000 reward, went
over to kiizabeth on Friday and told ex-Jucée
Gilneoly the bank's counsel, what he hac heard |
and then equipped with @ warrant started for |
Morristown te learned there tha’ tl
pected couple had tugen 4 arriage at the Dela
anc

 
  

@ Sus

Western Hailroad

 

ware, Lackawanna

station and had been driven to a resort where

they «pent the afternoon drinking. ‘Tie Women

became intoalcated and taikea & ¢reat «

 

She said she thought she would settlein Mo
town and g1# muatc leasons = fer escort had

nothing to say The woman ordered all the

drinks, When the man was oblieed fo answer |
a question his answers were monusyliables, No |
one heard him atytter, but from his reticence

it was surynised that fe must stutter, and by

the time the story had been passed ¢ ;

 

 

course he did stutter and was eurely S«
Toward evening the man and woman were |
driven to the station and boarded a train for |
New York without buying tickets From that |
time on the clneis lost

Kelly will not talk to reporters, but he told
his frienda that he thought this man
might be Schreiber The woman could not
have been the Hart woman for her whereabouts
were known on Wednesday As the newse
papers were full of Sehreiber'a defaleation
and disappearance on Wednesday !t does not
seern likely that the young man without some
strong motive would perinit lurmselr to be seen
riding around on New Jersey trains so close to
New York in company with a drunken woman.

Mre. Hart spent yesterday with her friend
Miss Templeton at 250 West Filty-first street.
Her friends say she ia not nearly so discone
ariate over the breaking up of hear home and
the attachment of her furniture as she is over
the loss of her gowns All of her clothing, |
except her lingerie and the costume she wore
on Friday afternoon, were sent along to the
storage house with her furniture

one of tree officials of the bank said that the |
bank had no desire to persecute Mrs, Hart and
if she acted fairly she would probably be allowed
the bank only

some of

 

  

yajuation 16 bank does not want her house-
hold belongings and clothing, but it does want |
the jewelry which could be used to make up |
a {air percentage of Sclireiber’s defloency
While the bank official did not say so, Whe pres |
sumption was that unless Mre Hart showed
a disposition to disgorgein part, the bank
would preasher to the limit civilly and crim
nally |
Bertram L. Kraus, one of the New York
lawyers for the Elizabethport Banking Com- |
pany, told @ reporter yesterday that a con-
siderable sum of money, more than $25,000
beionging to Mrs Hart, had been found aud
though the rey resentatives of ta c¢ had
not Leen able to get hold of this me “tT
it had heen so tied up that Mrs. Hart «

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

idn't

touch it The bank people now have actual
possession of all of Mrs art’s furniture, brie-
a-brao, most of her wardrobe, the most val- |

uabie piecas of her jewaeiry and her horses
and carriages, and ehe cannot have the use
of them unless she gives heavy bonds }
It wus said that the programme Abraham |
Levy, the bank's attorney in criminal :
ia to have Mra. Hart arrested under Section 29
of the Penal Code, which * “* that pers
directiv or indirectly cone 1 in the
! ion of a crime, is a principal er? ¢
ments are closely watched but there {s little

 

   

probability that any attempt will be made to
arrest her

It was learned yesterday that the strong box
in the vaults of the Bank of New Amsterdam,
supposed to belong to the defaulting clerk,
is really leased by William Schreiber of the
Manhattan Storage ¢ omp ny

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 13.-—-It_ developed
here to-day that Mra Annie Hart, the ruistress
of William Schreiber, was once a resident of
Marion, Grant county, and not only cut a wide
awath in the socioty of that Gas Belt town but
ruined her husband by her extravagance and
left the place in disgrace. The couple came to
Marion a a | five years ago and for two years
Hart was in charge of Armour & Co.'s
branch house there Mrs. flart dressed
fashionably and entertained extravagantly. One
morning the announcement was made that Hart
had disappeared) The Armour Company sent
anew man to take charge of its business and an
investigation showed that Hart's accounts
were ahort $5,900. He was found at Evanston,
Il, and was brought back to Marion for trial
His defence was that his wife's extravagance
had led him to con mit the crime, and his plea
s0 won the jury that he was acquilted

Hart filed a divorce suit as soon as he was
acyuitted of the embezzlement char@e His
wifedid not reply to the charges and the divarce
wae granted by default Mrs Hart disap-
peared from Marion before the case was tried
and wae heard of at L.outeville and afterward at
St. Louls, where trace of her was finally lost,

OBITUARY.

 

  

   

 

  

 

 

Blake died on Friday at
where

The Rev. Lyman H
a sanitarium in Jamaica Plain, Maes.,
he had been under treatment for several months
He was a former pastor of the Second Congre-
gational Church in Westfield, Mass, for a long
term of years. He was born in Cornwall, Vt

(O yeare ago, and Cracuusted in the class of
‘aa at the Gollege at Middlebury, Vt.. and at
Andover Theological Seminary in the class of

terday afternoon, Ha was Representative: in
( ongress for the U: per Peninailacf Michigan
for many years preceding 1882, and was chair-
man of the Republican Con
mittee tn the Gartl id-Flancoc
lsed

reasional Come
campaign of

Josiah Tevis, once a prominent ‘awyer and
brother of Millionaire Lloyd Tevis, wdead at
his horne in Fruity le, Cal. He was «a Ken-
tucklan and was at one time Un ted states, Ds-
Tevi- had lived

trict Attorney fur that State

| in Californis since 1800

and Mineral Mintng companies, The Union pad |

e miners drew pay for twelve days
yey be the last unt!l the strike is de-

Fell Overboard and Drowned.
Boerox, Oct. 18.—Capt. E. B. Sanborn of the
schooner Anna Murray, which arrived this
morning frem Baltimore, reporis thatone of the
crew, Frederick Weynott, 20 years, A native
ot G. , fell over on Thurs fay when
off Great Reund Shoal and wees wed,

065,900 to ali employees of Shamokin and
fess iirmet porier/en The Mineral disbursed

 

 

 

Bey Killed by a Fall.

Raymond Martines, @ years old, of 154 Fulton
street, Brooklyn, was accidentally killed yester-
day at the heme of hie parents. lie was seek-
ing 8 Duck ia 8 sone . He guasbed, on the

’ ° e bookcase over. fell to
the floor and struck en his head. 7

 

SS —~

John KR. Seott, a hop merchant of New York
and a member of the firm of Seott & Bicklow,
died suddenly of conswn ,
at Sherburne, N. Y., wh
business He was 43 years old
were taken to New York

Mrs. Cecilla Mary Moffatt is
burgh at the age of &8 veare
in-law of Davia H. Moffatt,
mine owner. Her husbana,
dled some years ago

Charlies Fargo, Secon! Vice-President of the

 

ption at Hotel Dar
e he wae stopping on
The rer

   

ins

cead at New-
She was a sister-
the
Charles bk

Denver silver

|

|

i

i |
Jay A. Rubbell died at Houghton, Mich , ves-
Mothatt, |

American Express Company, Cie! at his home
' in Chieago yester ay Mr. Fargo had been
connected with the express company many
years

David A. Meinieht, a pension ani patent
attorney of Washington, cie! vestercay of

heart trouble after an illness of several weeks

John Slacl, for thirty. years «dit r of the
Bristol Courier, and a leading Democratic poli-
tioian of Tennessee, died yesterday.

 

Bank Moves From Bowery to Broadway.

The National Butchers and Drovers’ Bank,
which asstoodf rmore thana half cent iry at
the Bow ‘rv and Grand street. will on Monday
next move t Broadway and [bird street

 

—_

: =a
| SILVER SCRA

| over to

} the corridor

| stood by enjoying the fun
| he walked away

| spirits, |

| calling tor two

' the present

   
 

 

MALES FOR BELL BOYS,

 

Make Blodgett of Hoston Popular at the

Waldorf With the Hove,

Robert I Blodgett of Boston, who had been
at the Waldorf-Astoria for four days, left for
his home yesterday Mr Blodg@ett's home-go-
ing waa the cause of some a@rief in the Waldorf-
Astoria, where he lives when he comes to this
city. He is the most popular patron of the

| hotal and every ove of the 2,000 employees

knows him. Oe is particularly popular with

  

the bellboys and they were all sorry to see him |

depart yesterday His popularity is due in part
to his generosity in giving away his money

Mr. Blodgeti's way of disposing of his money
during his last stay at the hotel attracted a
good deal of attention and more than once
caused the other gueste to think @ riot Was in
progress, There twenty-four
on the day and night wateh in the hotel, and
every one of them has benefited by Mr. Blod-
eet's benevolence

When Mr, Mlodgett came to the hotel the
early part of the week and had got setued in
his suite of rooms he went to the office and re-

are

| quested the cashier to give him silver in quar-

ters aud half dollars for a twenty-dollar bill,
When he got the silver he strolled

the bell “hop's” sit awaiting calls. He saluted
all the boys in turn and then told them to get
ready. Each boy assumed a crouching at-
tliude and watched him closely. He took in
each hand all the silver coln he veuld hold and
stiddenly wheeled around and dashed the silver
against the oak door west of the pneumatic air
tubes. There was a crash as the silver struck

| the oaken door and a yell from the boys as they
| darted after it

The noise made by twenty-four
husky vouths running on a_ tiled floor,
scrambling for quarters and half dollars, "
sornet bing akin to u scrimmage in a footbal
gime They piled on top of one another in
and the din made caused guests
to hurry forward to see what it was all about
While the scriuamage was on Mr Blodgett
When it was over

Two or three times each day Mr, Blodget
cast his money away inthis wise when he wante
to enliven things in the dotel, On Friday
night he was coming out of the cafe with a
couple of friends when he ran into three bell-

bovs. He winked at the boys and felt io hi
pocket for sone change All he could find
Was asiiver haf dollar He flipped it toward
the celing and simultaneously three bodies
shot upward to catch the coin descending
lhe taller of the three boys got it by virtue
of his long reach

Retore wing away vesterda, Mr. Blodgett
envoved another scramble The managers
of the hotel «a he has spent at least $200 in
this war during hls four das’ stay. That was

 

why his de; arture caused sorrow.

SUICIDE.

BRIDEGROOM A

Bride Says Me Shot Himself Because He Was
Unable to Pay the Rent.

Charles Frederick Behnken, 28 years old, a
florist of 64s Newark avenue, Jersey City, who
was married a week ago to-day, committed
suicide in apartments® above his store yesterday

 

afternoon by shooting himself in the head,
Mrs. Belinken said last night that their brief
wedded life had been extremely happy. She
believed ber husband killed himself because he

 
  

 

nab'e to pay his rent, which will be due
not ms
Ret

och as

 

irned from New York at 11:30
morning He was in good
said, and joked while they ate
! lie went to his room to take
« found dead in bed
ings and 53 cents in cash were
discovered in his pockets. Behnken waa mare
ried last Sunday to Miss Emily Kuchenmelster
of 207 Hudson street, Hoboken, whom he had
known all lls life

 
 

dinner tos
anapand w

 

 

William T, Ratherford Drowned,

ATLANTIC City, Nod, Oct. 13.--Willam T.
Rutherford of Cape May ecitv was drowned
this afternoon near the Cold Spring life saving
station He was returning frow a fishing
pany with Wiliam Chambers and
brown. Rutherford stood up in the
feil overboard. The Government
men witnessed the aceident and
plunged into the surf after him, bringing him
ashore within five minutes. Their efforts to
revive him were in vain

trig in cor
Willian

boat and
life saving

Franchise for Hampton Roads Ratlway Com-
pany.

Newport News, Oct. 18—-The Ordinance

Committee of the City Council will recommend

 

favorable action on the request of the Hamp-
ton Roads Railway and = kileetric Company
for a franchise. The principal change made
is that of a i0-cent fare to Old Point Com-
fort, which the new company declares impos-
sible. This would revolutionize street car

travel in eastern Virginia

Elizer G, Webster's Will,
The willof Fizir G. Webster was filed for
probate in the Surrogate’s office in Brook-
yesterday lie was the head of the
n of FE. G Webster & Sons. His estate,
d at $107.00, is le t to his widow, Meliase H.
Webster, and his four @ons, Frederies H.,
George A., Willian: A, and Hawley 1. Webster,

Free Delivery for Evergreen.

The postal authorities have consolidated the
Evergreen Post Office with the Brooklyn Post
Ove and t*morrow the free delivery § stem
willbe naugur tedin that seetior Four addi-
tional carriers will beap: o'inted. Wiliam Janes,
Postmast tr at Evergreen, will be
clerk harge. Tiere will be two delive tes
and two colectons dail .

The Main at Newport News.
Newrorr News, Va.. Oct. 18..-The North
German Lioyd steamship Main arrived here in

tow ‘rom New York at 5 o'c ock this afternoon,
Bheis now tied up at the shipyard, where she
will uncderge extensive repairs.

Polsoned Himself tn a Saloon,
Rernard Moran, 28 years old, a porter in the

Rrigh on Keach Hotel, committed suicide by
swalowing carbolio acid yesterday afternoon
in the back roomof Williams Kelly's saloon at
478 Smith street, Brooklyr

 

Was News to Mr. Sage.

Russell Sage said yesterday regarding the
cabled story thata syndicate, including himeelf,
Mrs Hetty Green an! James J. Hill, wasgoing
to build a bachelor girls: hotelin London, which

wasexpect'dto return 5S per cent, on the in-
vestmént, that ‘it was the first he had heard

| of it

EVERY HOUR
YOU DELAY
THE USE OF

Dea. PIERCE'S

FAV ORITE

PRESCRIPTION
YOU DELAY.

THE CURE

AND DESTROY
YOUR BEAUTY,
FAVORITE
PRESCRIPTION

 

afte s jase ot Bread Ale gr Stout at one's
\ a that beget ep
ment The only without ment. —Ade al
“4 rae — ay ©, eereerrnene
aes 7. eepaten ny ss pothaaanas beaemosntnt ee cor S

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.

OLD-TIME WHALER IN PORT

THE BUSINESS NOT WHAT IT USED
TO BE, SAYS CAPT. THOMAS.

 

Good Season for Whales, bat There Are Too
Many Sabstitutes for Sperm Oll-How
Prices Nave Fallen in Forty Years—tits
Last Voyage on the Schooner Adelia Chase,

The Adelia Chase, a two-masted whaling
schooner, of New Bedford, Maass., came in on
Wednesday from @ fourteen-months’ whaling
cruise, Yesterday she lay at North pler, At-

 

| lantie dook, weather beaten and patched, a

pleturesque type of her class, Capt, Thomas,

| a short red-whiskered man in a straw hat, who

bellboys !

the leather covered benches where |

Pawn ticketa |
| pe e for

looked as weather beaten and battered as his
boat, was not inclined to talk to the SUN re-
porter at first.

“If you're one of these newapaper fellows, I
don’t know as [ want to talk with you,” he said,
“The other day when we put into Norfolk, Va.,
a man came up and asked me a lot of questions
about our cruise. I told him 1 saw another fel-
low get a piece of amber out of a whale that was
worth $125, and that we'd had a fairly successful
voyage ourselves, Next day there waa an ac-
count in the papers saying I had got $125,000
worth of amber and sixty barrels of oil, That
wasn't enough ofl to pay for golng out two
months.”

When assured that everything he said would
be carefully put down Capt. Thomas said
“We've been away from New Bedford about
fourteen months. We had a pretty successful
time of it and have come back witb 275 barrels
of sperm oil. We got seventeen whales in all;
the largest yielded thirty-five barrels of oil
There was one whale we come near getting
which was a whale of a whale. The first mate
was out alone and didn't dare follow him for
fear he'd be dragged out into the Gulf Stream
into the dark and lose the ship. Whale was
"most dead, tho’, when he got away, for the mate
had Janced him three or four times and put five
bombs into him. You see, if you harpoon a
whale near the Giulf Stream and he once gets
into it the current sends him east a-fying and
you with him. Maybe you'll go 80 far you can't
get back ina week

“We were at one time only seventy miles
from the Delaware Breakwater. No use fool-
ing around here for whales. They're educated
too much. They come in there to fee: on
sjuid, and if you puta boat into water, seems
if they know it and run off. We went as far
as 22 Cegrees south and 38 degrees north

“This has been a good season for whales,”
he continued,” lots of ‘em on the ground, @s-
veclally in May. But it ain't the business
t used to be,-—-too many substitoots for sperm
oil, Forty years ago It was worth $2.50 @
gallon, Now its only 60 cents, Thirty and
it and

twenty years o everybody was in
mace money he whaling business then
waa the «reat school for satlora It. was

the quickest way to get exverience—and hard
experience, too, The boys that wanted to
be captains went on a long whaling Voyage and
then got out, and went somewhere else as
first mate or captain, Wish [ had knocked
out when [ was a boy, { wouldn’t be here now,
But it's too late.”

How large a crew did vou have on this roy-

age
“Twenty-two men, ‘most of ‘em colored
I ehlpped ‘em at Cape Verde Island Had to

fellows to ship from

You can't get an oun
nowadays.

here in the fo'ras'le of a whales
There ain't enough pay in it.”
“Isn't it rather tnusual for a whaler to come
into New York?” the captain was asked
Yes, itis. There don't more than three or
four In eight ‘ears putin here. There ain't an
us to unload hand In New Bed-
‘ord ever thing ls arranged so we can mit our
cargo right out on land, but von can’t do that
here. Beside these docks are too crowded and
our outriggers and tackling get jammed and
broken ast tine IT was getting out of here
I broke one of rny boats
"This is the last time I'l! sai! in the old "Dely.
Bhe’s going to be sold now at public. auction.
When I get my share of the oil money I'm going
ome to Fairhaven, Mass, and stay there
‘tn too old and full of rheumatism for any more
whaling voyages.”

1S YOUTSEY SHAMMING?

The Prosecution Alleges That He Is Well
Enough for the Trial to Proceed.

Grorartown, Ky., Oct. 13—The Youtsey
trial was again postponed to-day after all the
physicians who had examined his condition
had testified, It was proved on the stand that
Youtsey could talk, because he exclaims sev-
era! times a day “there is no blood on ny hands!”
He calls his wife’s name and told the'atten-
dants in a loud strong voice to go away
It was also proved that he un-
derstands what is said to him

The prosecution argues from this that he ts

wel! enough to go on with the trial and is sham-
ming. He refuses to answer questions, his
eyes are still slightly crossed, his pulse above
normal and the pupils of his eyes are slightly
contracted, These things, the defe: ce claims,

 

cannot be simulated and show conclusively that |

the prisoner isin @seriouscondition, The case

will be called again on Monday,

 

HARTFORD POLICEMAN SHOT.
Wounded itn the Arm bya Brooklyn Mana

Whom He Arrested.

BaRtT?oRD, Conn, Oct, 18 —Offlcer John
Flanagan was shot at four times to-night while
arresting John Dolan of Brooklyn, one of the
shots taking effect in the left arm, making an
ugly wound He buekled into Dolan, however
and subdued him. Dolanand Frank Crawford
of Bridgeport knocked a man down in front of
the Union station before several scores of
people and attempted to rob him Crawford
was captured and the officer had his encounter
with Dolan quite a distance up the railroad
tracks, where he had pursued him

Gen. Merritt Back From Europe.

Major-Gen. Wesley Merritt, who was married
a year ago to Miss waura Williarns of Chicago
returned yesterday from Europe aboard the
Curnarder Lucania. Gen Merritt met Mark
Twain in London recently andthe humorist told
the General that he expected to live in New
York in a house in Gramercy Park. The Gen-
eral and Mrs Merritt went to the Holland
House. Among their fellow voyagers was Col
William Cary Sanger of the staff of Gen. Roe,
who has been studying the militia systamso
Euros e

Gompers Against Compulsory Arbitration,

President Gompers of the American Federa-
tion of Labor issued astatement yesterday in
reference to compulsory arbitration of labor

| disputes, in which »eaays that the federation

has consid-red the question in all its bearings
and has decided against it. He is in favor of
arbitration, he ays, but draws the line at com-
pulsory arbitration. Gompers saye that when
workers are organized their rea-on.b'e de-
manda are Ace-den to without s:rikes, and that
the best preventive of strikes 1s thorough or-
ganization.

 

Railroad Censured for a Trackman's Death.

The Coroner's Jury which inquired yesterday
Into the death of Timothy Donovan of 359
Hooper street, Brooklyn, who was Knocked
from his truck and killed three weeks ago by a
disabled trolley car being bumped into_ the
truck, censured the Metropolitan street Rail-
wa Comrany for permitting 9 alsabied car to
carry passengers, and the inspectors and grip-
man who were in charge of the car for failing to
give proper signals

 

Capt. Squires Becomes a Catholic.

A priva‘e letter to the Rev. Thomas J. Camp-
bell of the Jesuit Fathers, just received ‘rom
China, announces that Capt, Herbert G. Squires,
attached to the United States leca'ion is Pekin,
ha< become a convert to the Roma» Catholic
faith Cart Squires wes formerly a member
of the Beventh Regiment, United States Cavalry,
and fough’ with distinction under Gen, Custer
For six years be wae military instructor at St
John's College, Fordham

 

New Commander for First Naval Battalion,

The First Naval Battalion has elected Lieuten-
ant-Commander William B. Franklin Com-
mander, to succeer) William Butler Dunesn,
who res @nedsome time azo. Mr. Fraoklinisa
giaduate of the Un ted States Nava! Acade ny,
and served fora number of years #8 an oMoer
inthe navy, resiening in June, 1800) During
the Spanish-American War he served fs a
Lieutenant, juntor grade, He joined the Naval
Battalion on June 23, 1891

 

Jadgment Against Mrs. Kate T. Woolsey.

Judgment by default for $26,316 was entered
yesterday against Mrs, Kate Tl’. Woolsey in favor
of Giuseppe Tuoti and Albert Bach for commis-

sions for fin ing arurchaser for real estate at
Astoria in February, | 895, for $777,000. The suit
was begun in Febru ry, 1805, and when t came
up for trialon the 12 h inst. Mrs, Woolsey did
pet appear and judgment was taken by de-
aul

Rrooklyn and Long Isiand Home Sites,
Some, of the best examples of the architect and
bullder's easTrore app re te — of your
usiness y in New Yor ty. See to-day's
UN, pege 11.—-Ade -

ovS Hwee

2 = SRR canna dns:
bes Ns A 4 nL a meray Bins

emotes

“THE NEW YORK NINTH."

 

An Interesting Regimental Newspaper of the
Civil War Times,

“Tl have here,'’ said a veteran, taking from his
pocket a amall bit of faded paper, carefully
folded, ‘a newspaper owned by my friend,
| Robert Danvers of this town,”
| Hespread therelicon the table before him and
| smoothed it oul wiih his bands, It was a little
| sheet of four pages, 11x13 inches, tbree columns

to the page, and bore In big black letters at its
head the tiie, TAe New York Ninth, surmount-
|
'
|

 

ing a flying eagle, and the motto of the regi-
ment, ‘Ratione Aut Vi'' (By Reason or Force),

“It is volume I,, number 1,"’ he went on for the
benefit of bis listeners, “and is dated Warren-
ton, Va., Thursday, July 31, 1862, The editors
were John W. Jacques, Company D, and Fred-
erick B. Dailey, Company L, and this announoce-
mentappears at the top of the firat column:
‘The Ninth is the exponent of the Nlith Regi-
ment, New York Stite Militia. Its object is to
furnish a mediim of communieation between
the regiment and its triendsand “the rest of
mankind." It willbe published weekly from
the office on Main street, two doors below the
Warrenton House, so long as the regiment con-
tinues to be stationed in this place or, vicinity.
Terms for a single copy, three cents; for insert
ing an advertisement of eight lines, first tnser-
tion, 25 cents; each subsequent ineertion, 16
centa; marriage notices, deaths and obituarivs,
gratia.’ Most of the reading matter on the first
page {s composed of a twelve-stanza poem on
Bunker Hill, taken from anold copy of the
Warrenton Whig, which is referred to as a
‘rabid secesh sheet,’ and a note is made in
connection therewith that before the war its
motto was; ‘The Union, May It Exist Forever.’

The salutatory announces that the poblishors
found their printing material in the Wag office
ina great state of disorder and after putting it
into shape sent to Washington for paper and
started the Ninth. A story told by the boys on
the outside is to the effect that while some of
them were chasing under an old housefor 4
healthy chicken they came upon the t) pe and
brought it to the surface for use ln another

column the editors give the town « puff
that is amusing under the circumstances
Tney say; ‘Our opinion of Warrenton is
that it is one of the prettiest towns

wr have seen in the Old Dominion, and we co:-
sider ourselves fortunate in our present quar-
ters.’ They proceed with quite a boom notice
and wind up as follows, which is the funny
part ‘Our reception by the inbebitants has not

hus far been as cordial as we wish, but quite as
much, perhaps, as \\e had a right to expect,
As we becoiie better acquainted with ‘hem and
they with us we hope to see the most kind y feel-
ing subsisting between us, for we hope by our
g0od behavior to cisabuse their minds of the
| infonwhich designing and unpri: cipled dema-
gogues have don: all they could to foster—
that our ermy is made up of nothing but ‘muds
eile’ and “Northern barbafians.”’ This will, of
course, be tho work of time, but we can afford
to abice our time,satisfled that such anew era of
good feeling will come, and thit nothing in our
power shall be wanting to promotett, We are
consequently glad to inforin our friends of our
Present streak o good luck, and to say of itand
of Warrenton, in the words of the Oriental salu-
tation: ‘May its shudow never be less.’ "’

* However, the ‘present streak of good luck’
was notto be for long, becausein exactly one
month (Aug. $1) irom the dite of tie paper Gen,
Pope went ur Ag nesta lot of ‘rabid sec sh’ at
the second Bull Run, an! tue Federal army did
potcover | ¢eif with sufficient glory toc ontinue
the pupiecation of the Ninth at \warrenton, In-
deed, the editors must h. ve been busy earlier
than the battle, for only one more issue of the
paper appeared after the first one, ond the War-
renton people were ciadder probably than when
the first one appeared.

“lhe advertisements are interesting, though
not remuneratively numerous, The Ninth Reg-
{ment Soclal Union announoes an entertain-
mentof music and‘a good tme generally’ in
the court yard of the Warrentoa House; a tner-
chani's ad reads: ‘Hear ye, hear ye. All
manner of Union men inthe toxnof Warren-
ton come forward and exarnine Mr. Sw etser &
Co.'s atock of goods;’ Mr. Edward Kalph, Jr.,
announces that he ‘has pitched his tentin the
eqguars of toe Court House’ and calls a\tention
of purchas rs to is large stock of sutier's

oods: Mr. D. 8. Brooks has located {in the old
"hig offic? and offers a large stock of goods
the frigade Sutler Store announces that it will

‘Sign of the American Flig,’
opposite the Provost Marsha 's «fice, the flag
being the first raised In Warrenton after the
troops entered; Fitzhugh Smith, Commissary
Sergeant of the Nint), off-rs $18 reward for the
return ofa stolen bay horse, Among tle ‘Lo-
cals’ are various notices of interesting events.
Col. Stites of the Ninth had arrested twent
necroes as vagrants andth sed tors read them a
lecture on the diznity and duty of work ng;
Lieut. George B. Allen of Companyl is pre-
sented with a sword, Sergt. Higgs making
the speech: Lieut. C. C. Hubbard of Come.
many C clao was presented. with a sword,
he cost being given at $150, Sergt. E. Dreyfus

be found at the

 

 

eee
SS

making the speech It is announced
that the visits of citlz-ns to the Pro-
vost Marsial's office to take the
oath of allegiance are like angels’ visits
Another item is to the effeer that Provost
Marshal ‘apt. Hendrickson had sentenced a

teen | oxes of

Young soldier who had stolen
hs comrades

| black ne o black the shoes of

lf until te backing wasusedup. Over in he
corner is a small notice reading: ‘ Major-
Gen. Pope, commanding the Army of Virginia,
arrived jaat Tues lay ovge'nd and has taken

quarters at the Pemale Seminary building of

|

 

Dr Bacon on Lee street.’ Among the deaths
are William Livi @ston, Company I, 104'b N. Y.
wny D, 105th N.Y.
pany D, 106th N,
War: enton Cemetery.

“LT wonder,’ concluded the veteran as he
panera the paper around, ‘how many of the
Ninth are pow living, and if any whose names
} are mentioned in this paper are still with us,

and (f they recall the occasion of its first ap-
| pearance in the aristocratic Httle Virginia
town, where, if any place on earth Yankee
soldiers would be considered ‘mudsilis," that
would be th: firat tose esteem them. Thirty-
eight years have brought wonderful changes,
but Warrenton is pretty much the same as it
was inthe old times, except that the era of
‘good feeling’ th: editors of tie Ninth hoped
for has errived, and a Northerner can havea
fine time there {f he likes to ride to hounds,
be on horse races and drink mint juleps."’

V.; Michael Thaney, Com
V., and Lucius Hickey, Co
Y. V., all buried at th

 

Rum Causes Prohibitionists to Lese Their
Ticket.

Topeka, Kan., Oct. 18. —-The Dougiass county
Prohib tionista are in sackclo'h and ashes.

They noninated a county ticket, anda lawyer
was (delegat*d to file the nomination papers,
but before doing so he ger on & spree an
when he sob rea up found that the time for
fi.lng had elapsed

Galveston Relief Fund Nearly 61,000,000,

GALVESTON, Tex, Oct. 18—John ‘ealy,
Treisurer of the Galveston Relief Fund, an-
nources the following receipts since Oct. 1:

$198,552, of which amount $125,000 was received
from Gov. Sayers, aud $21,621 74 from Mayor
Jones. Previouely acknowledged, $781,043.63;

 

 

total, $979,596 63.

 

THAT’S IT

Fashion's Latest Decree.

When it comes to overcoats we yield to no
one in the material, the make and the finish.

| If you're considering the overcoat question it
| must interest you to know what we're doing

in that line for

A te

We make to-order—and MAKE TO SUIT
Kerseys, Montagnacs, Vicunas, Meltons, &c.
To be brief, it’s a $30 overcoat we make for

| half the money.

'W. C. LOFTUS & CO.,

Sun Building, Near Brooklyn Bridge
AN
1191 Broadway, Near 28th St.

  

Ae Rr ‘
lee =

|

|

—_————

   

 

Operas, overture:
mediante command, ‘
Is inoluded in the Plano!

 

n Toy,”

 

 

call for.

own individuality to your playing.

more artistic will be your playing.

sure to be derived from it.

gate it?

Price $250.

Visitors always welcome.

The same courtesy will be shown
to the merely curious as to intend-
ing purchasers.

  
 

AeolianCo.

18 W. 23d St, N. Y.
500 Fulton St., Brooklyn.

The PIANOLA

Will enable you or any member
of your family to play the piano.

There are no conditions.
It makes no difference if you literally do not know one note from another,

All classes of mus c accesaille.

symphonies, and the latest rag-time hits are at your im-
chich is ; roving so popular at Daly's Theatre,
‘a repertor’ and is a practical illustrat on,

You may enjoy in your own drawing room any particular se)-ction your mood may
You regulate the expression

By means of levers, you control the “touch,”
same as if you struck the keys with your own fingers.

Playing directions,
Expression marks appear on the music-sheet as it unrolls as a gulde to the
novice, and those upfamiliar with the plece.

Endorsed by every pianist of prominence,
There is no safer criterion of the artistic value of the Pianola, or the plea-

Is not this much-discussed instrument worth the time necessary to investi-

       

    
   
 

 
 

    
     
      
       
   

“accent,” and “tempo” the
You may thus give your

      
   
    

The greater your musica) taste the

        
      
 
  
   
   
     
     
   

 

COLONIZING HIT HARD;

M'CULLAGH'S ACTIVITY HAS SCARED
WOULD-BE REPFATERS,

The Same Men Managing the Attempts to
Corrupt the Ballot as Have Done the
Trick for Years and the Superintendent Is
Ready for Them—Few Arrests Yesterday.

The energy displayed by Supt. McCullagh
and his deputies on Friday, the first day of reg-
istration, se¢ms to have scared the professional
colonizers a bit. Several dozen man who are
suspected of being in the colonizing business
were shadowed all day yesterday by deputies,
but no citizen in New York was more careful
in his behavior than were they, The result
was that the McCullagh drag net was empty
when it was hauled in at the end of the day.
There were a few little fish in it, but thyy were
not professional colonizers or repeaters, and
got into trouble through thetr lgnoranes of tha
laws governing the eligibility of residents of
theeltyto vote. Mr. McCullagh was more than
pleased with the result of his first day's work
among the men whom he ts employed to watch.

“[ think we have given the colonizers all they
wanted fora little while,"he sald. “f guess they
diin't think we were going after them the
way we dit, {n the past {t has not been easy
to keep track of these men, for many of them
have been in the business for years and are
80 well organize! that it has been difficult to
get evidence against them. When I was ap-
pointed Superintencent of Elections for the
Metropolitan district, it was my work to run
these people down. We were just starting in
and the enemy had been well organized for
years, 80 you see we were at a cecided dis-
aivantage. For two elections there has been
fraud, but the thing has been done very clev-
erly and it took time to find out just who the
men behind all of the colonizing were. There

was more fraud tn the election in
the Nineteenth district last year than
there has been in any one district
in thiscity inyears, Weknew thatit Was going
on, yet we could not get the men who were doing
it. I have been working ou the fraud cases in
that district for a year now, and I have at last
made out cases against a number of men Who
were concerned init, These men I ain going to
arrest just as fast as I can get them. In the
negro Tunison, whom | arrested last night, |
gota man | have been looking for ever since last
election. I have waited patiendy for him to
come around, for 1 knew he would be on hand
for this election, These professional repeaters
cannot stay out of town around election time
There is too much doing in their liue then,
expect to arrest some others for offences last
rear similar to that committed by Tuntson, and
i think I can secure convictions, 1 am after
the fellows who take money to vote for certain
candidates just as much as fam after the fellows
whogivethemoney, They areegually guilty
“Since my office was created

 

all my energies to finding out just who the |
men at the bottom of repeating are. I think I
have them all spotted now. The same old |

anga work every year. The men engaged
fi colonizing this year were at it five years
ago. They seem plentifully supplied with
money and have no difficulty {n getting all the
men they want to take the chance of arrest
It is a mystery to me why a@ man will take the
chance of several years in prison for the smal
sum a professional colonizer will pay him for
his vote Nevertheless the colonizers seem
able to wet the men. In the arrest of this man
‘Sonny’ Smith I think I struck a hard blow at
the system and in the arrest of the men in the
‘Strong Arm’ gang we got the worst ang of
repeaters in the city. t least two of these
men are doomed to go to prison for a couple of

ears. My deputies after shadowing them
for a long time caught them dead to rights in
the act of registering for the second time

The rest of the menin that gang must realize
by this time that I know them all, and that my
men are watching them all the time. I thin
they will keep under cover for the rest of this
election. If they try any of their tricks, the
chances are ten to one that I will nafl them
There are other gangs whorn my men are watch-
ing, and at the first evidence of wrongdoing
more arrests will be made. We are giving the
culprits plenty of rope just Dow, because we
do not care to make an arrest until we haye got
evidence that will send a man to prison, It was
a great disappointment to me that we did not
nab the gang that was all prepared to repeat
up in the Eighteenth district. We have mn
watching them for some time, and when they
started out yesterday we had men with them.
We thought we were going to bag the entire
outfit, but they got a Up in sume way and
skipped. In that case we have only the satis-
Tackion of knowing that we prevented a couple
of dozen enterprising citizens from getting
their names «un the registration books more
than once

“The deputics have not had a hard time of
it to-day and | attribute it to_the fact that we
acted promptly yesterday. I am oonvinced
that we have got the repeaters scared to death,
and T think the leaders will have to hustle for
unfortunates to do their a? work in the
future. [| am more than satisfied with the
work so far, and I only hope that those men
who are now in oustody will be convicted and
sent to prison. That will do more to keep
the ballot pure than anything else.”

Supt. MeCullagh'’s deputies were out in
force again yesterday, In the downtown
districta there were from two to four in each
polling place, Some were dressed as pediers
and others were in their shirt sleeves. One
of them said that they wére anxious to conceal
the fact that they were deputies, axe many
of them had become known to the professional
repeaters and would be useless as watchers if
they were recognized, One of the first men
arrested was Bernard McArdle, a laborer, of
2201 Third avenue, That address {s a lode-
ing house, McArdle said he had lived there
since Sept. 24. The deputy who arrested him
said he could find nothing to show that the
man lived there before Gct, 7, He took him to
the Yorkville court, where Magistrate Crane
held him for trial. David Bulkin of 116 Allen
street was another youna man gathered in for

{ilegal registration He is 23 years old
and registered on his father’s
naturalization papers, which were tak-
en out two months o. Under the

law he would have to be under age when his
futher's pew were issued in order to vote on
them, He protested that he did not know this
but a deputy took him in custody and he was
held forexamination in the Fasex Market court
James A. Ford, a negro, who is the Tammany
captain of the Seventh election district of the
Twenty-fifth Assembly district,was arrested in
the registration place in that district, which is
on the ground floor of his own house at 143
Weat Thirty-third etreet. The deputy superin-
tendent who arrested him said that Ford, who
was drunk, insixted on coaching voters who
were challenged, and refused to leave the place
when ordered to do so, In Jefferson Market
porice court he was held pending a furt
ring.
asquale Arenia attempted to register yes

}

 

|

|

 

 

  

 
 

Our Boys’

Has the superior fit, style
and finish given to it by
Specialists ;

But, instead of being higher
priced, it ts made in larce guan-
tities greatly reducing the usual
cost of manufacture, and ts sold
direct to the purchaser, al one
moderate profit.

Clothing |

 

Sailor Suits, dark blue cheviot serge,
all wool, 3to 12 yrs., $5.00 to $8.00,

Boys’ Double-Breasted Jacket Suits,
all wool cheviot, plaids, checks aud
fancy mixtures, 8 to 16 yrs., $5.00 to

#0,

Boys’ Double-Breasted All Wool
Chinchilla Reefers,6 to 15 yrs.,$7 to $12

Boys’ Double-Breasted, all wool and
wool lined blue frieze Box Overcoats,
6 to 12 yrs., $11.50; 13 to 16 yrs., $12.5u,

60-62 West 23d St,

 

WAAALRAAAALS ——

BURRS’
NEW
BOOKCASE
BED

Beautifies Parlor

cee
Nhe

Tae LTT

PAU

SAB e YT ps

WT ayyy

or Library :
156 West 23d St. |

 

 

 

terday afternoon In the Twenty-first election
district of the Rixth Assembly district at i4
Bond street. With him The

was his son

} young man showed his cltizen’s panera and
have devoted |

was allowed to register. Then his father
nded over a paper to the chairman of the
oard. The chairman accepted it, but Deputy

Hammil of McCullagh's staff prote-ted that
the paper was only a declaration of intentions
One of Senator Ilm Sullivan's captains inter-
fered at this polnt, announcing that he had
“to be in on the game, too,” and snatched the
paper from the chairman's hand. He took
t to the door, read it, and then returned it to
the chairman,

“ret him swear In his vote,” sald the captain.

The chairman assented, but when the Italian

to do so Hammill placed him under
arrest. In Supt. MocCullagh'’s office he
said he had had the paper since 1895. Arenia

was locked up in the Eldridge street station.
Supt, McCullagh said he thought the chairman
of the board more guilty than the Italian
yeorge Noll of 134 Norfolk street attempted
to register at the Third election district of the
Tenth Assembly district. When he was chal-
lenged by the chairman of the board he refused
to register, but he was arrested (Other ar-
resta made by McCullagh deputies were:
oseph Loffrido of 171 Mulberry street, Samuel
Jenry of 360 Broadway, Brooklyn, and James
Hanley of 439 West Forty-second street.
District Attorney Gardiner sent a letterto
Supt. McCullagh yesterday in reply to the
demand on his assistance in closing up places
where colonizers are known to hang out. Col.
Gardiner wrote that he would do all he could
to secure the arrest and conviction of law-
breakers, but the regular course of procedure
war to go first to the police court and get a
warrant for the offender. He suggested this
course to McCullagh and wound up by stating
that he would see the Superintendent on Mon-

Flatbush Congregational Chapel.

The Fi ot! us, Congregational Church, which
was organized one year ago, will dedicate its
new chapel at Avenue D and EFaat EKivchteenth
street to-day with «pecial service The Rev
RR. Merevith andpr. A. J. Lyman will preach.
The oeremonies wit continue to-morrow and
Tuesday evenings

Plagoe Serum at Quarantine.

When the bubonic plague made {ts appearance
at Glasgow recently, Health Officer Doty, fear-
ing that the disease might be brought to this

ort on incoming steamships, wrote to the

asteur Inatitute in Paris forasupply of plague
serum. The institute people cheerfully com-
plied with the request, and the serum is now at
the Quarantine aboratory

Field Mancwuvres Postponed.

Field mana@vres for the organizations of the
Firs! Brigade National Guard of this eity, which
Brig.-(ien, Mev oskry Butt intended to order at
Van Cortland Park next week, have been post-
poneduntilsepring. The General postponed the
ma wuvre: so that t e Cre dmoor practice of
the men shuld not be interfe ed wit.

 

Removal Notice.
The National
Butchers’ & Drevers’ Bank

OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,
Formerly located at Bowery and Graeé 6t.,

WILL OCCUPY ITS
NEW BANKING ROOMS,

BROADWAY, COR, THIRD ST,,

ON MONDAY, OCT. 15TH, 1900.
WM. H OBASE, Cashier.

 

 

 

{
|