| |

LaBare

temennie
ee

r
|
4
.
I
el
f
¥

 

RAPID TRANSIT IN LONDON,

AMERICANS MAKE A SUCCESS OF

THE FURST BEXPERIMENT

 

The “Tuppenny Tabe”
YT. Yerkes Bays a Franchise for Another

Underground Line and Plans a Trunk Sy¢
tem to Relleve the Congested London Streets

LONDON, Sept. 28 -—"“Kapid transit” has been
@ meaningless term tn the world's metropolis
until the present year London has shown bo
@reater desire to secure the boon enjoyed by
@ thousand large towns in America than China
Qaaplays for the blessings of Christianity lhe
Chinaman is not anxious to be “saved,” and the
Londoner is satisfied with the tneans of locomo-
ton which suited the thine of his @randtather
Four miles an hour by ‘bus or seven or eight by
the dirty, suffocating underground have been
endured for generations with a patience so per-
fect that it must pass for content The moral
pivsical and intellectual effect London
of this quarter of a century's halt in the march
of progress is bevend computation The
financial and effect is) perhaps
more obvious

The troe raison d'étre of
which is notoriously the worst in all civilized
countries, is lack of rapid transit. ‘The swarti-
ing tenements of | and Whitechapel
would scatter thelr {
what are now tinoeeupted hills and flelds south
and east of the cheap and
rapid means of transportation were provided
Crime would diminish, morals would improve
and public health would benefit bey ond measure
if only practical advantage were taken of de-

upon

commerclal

slum life in London,

imbeth

Inbabitant over titles

metropolis if only

vices and Inventions whieh are no longer re
garded as new in America and Furope, But
an Englishman will learn by no one’s ex pert-
enoe except his own. He would not be ans

Frelishman if he did, forthat ia the real essence
of English conservatisr

 

But now a change has come Th two short
months this “Tupnenny Tube" has broken
down the prejudices of generations The
Eentral London Rallway, to wive it iis proper
@esignation, has been a popular and fnanetal
aiccess fromthe start) Tt has carried an aver
age of about 190,000 passengers daily sfnee it
Was opened searcely two month wo ott is
only six miles tong, running east and west fron
the Bank of Favland to Shepherd's Bus! ist
hevond the confines of Kensington Tt does
Hitle or nothing toward the solution of the
overcrowding problem, for [f opens no new
residential territory available for artisans
and othera of small means Tt has sires

of the travel from one of the

absorbed most
Main arterfes of London which
the stow and lumbering bus

 

forinerts

The “Tuppenny Tube” has, however, intfo-
duced suecessfully several important innova
tons whieh point directly to the successful
solution of the rapid transit problem: in the near
friture It has abolished compartments and
classes, introduced o uniform fare of two pence
(four cents) for any distance and accelerated

 

apeed toa point within reason ible scope of the
ferm rapid transit Tt was considered a rash
and doubtful experiment to provide only one
elase of accommodation for aristocratic and
éostermongering TLondor The directors have

found no reaaen thus farformaking any change

All London. they sav, rides in oninibuses when
ft cannot afford cabs) why not do the sane
fn a railway carriage, where each passenget
has more room than in a bus?

lhe trains are practfoally, identical with
those on the New York elevated roads except
that they are drawn by electric motors, whieh
areomuch heavier (forty tons erieh) than neces-

aary and therefore more expensive than need

That

be. Half of the ears are “smokers

fs 9 coneesson which no Eoglishinan will be de
prived of even during a five-minuteride. There
{fs this to be said, however, on behalf of the

EFnglishinan and his pipe or cigar he is a clean

smoker 4n Enalish smoking carriage is

as clean as any other after a journey, except
perhaps for some drv cigar or cigarette ashes
on the floor, To other words, the English-
mii doesn’t anit

Themost important reform which the Tup-

peny Tube is introducing is that it is teaching the
Londoner to “step Hvely Not that he is
invited to bestir himself in the curt language
of a New York gateman Heaven forefend!
Te is, “AN oat Please move up”
But London is learning Its needful lesson nmuech
more willingly and graciously than T expected
would be the case There is still much to be
gained The trains now stop at stations fully
twice as long as in New York, but
more than a sO per cent

pleise,” or

even this is

Improvement over the

old underground

This missionary work which the Tuppenns
Tube ts doing in London will speedily bear
fruit Already it has intensified the popular

disgust toward the old underground to the point
of intolerance The f old
concern ts sufficiently aroused from its letharey
to “experiment” solemnly with electric traction
ona half mile of its (tne When it wot a train
actually to run a few weeks ago, it invited the
public to come and see and test the wonderful
novelty at a shilling a ride’ The managers
were probably very much erieved and aston-
ished that nobody came

management «¢ the

The feature of the Tuppenny Tube which
makes the average Britisher a little wneasy
and apprehensive is that it is all Ameriear
except the tube itself and the money which

built and equipped it) Iniured pride ts the
basis of this feeling. but Fngland is fast re-
econciling herself to the fact that most things
electric must come from America On the
other hand. there has heen some surprise hut
no resentment at the announcement made the
other day that Mr (harles T Yerkes, the great-
est of American masters of rapid transit prob-
lems, had bought eharterof another
prospective electric underground line, which

the

will pierce London north and south in a more |

comprehensive manner than the present Tup-
penny Tube does east and west The news
{fndeed has caused great public satisfaction,
for Londoners see in it proof that the rapid
transit problem of the metropolis is soluble
upon sound commercial lines Nobody bhe-
Hevas that a shrewd expert judge of the situa-

tion would invest $20,000,000 or $25,000,000 in a

few undertaking of this nature, unless he had

@ood reason to believe the investment would |

provea sound one

The announcement of Mr Yerkes's purchase
Was premature, for the transaction was not
completed until to-day, when the papers were
finally signed In buying this franchise for
an underground electric road, Mr Yerkes is
developing what he regards as only the second
best plan for the development of London by
means of rapid transit The true solution of
the problem, he believes, lies in the introduc.
tion of surface electric lines throughout
metropolis, according to the general plan which
he made such an enormous success of in Chi-
cago. But Mr Yerkes knows that any
tempt to secure public consent to the intro-
duction of such a radical innovation in London
is hopeless at the present day, and he bows to
the inevitable His views on this point, how.
ever, are of and importance,
and he has been good enough to allow me to
anote them

the

at-

greal interest

It would be entirely feasible to introduce
electric lines with the centre-pole trolley sys-

tem into the principal streets of London and

the immediate and future benefit to the city
would be incaleulable. It is objected to on all
sides by Londoners that the streets are too

narrow, and too crowded with traffic, but there

are plenty of broad streets available lhe
Strand is the most congested thoroughfare
in the eity, but it is not so badly crowded as

was Broadway, New York, before
duction of the street car line there
Broadway twenty-five vears ago was a serious
danger to life and Iimb. You mav remember
that the city built a bridge across for foot pass-
engers at Fulton street, because accidents he-
frequent. It took longer in
days for an omnibus or other vehicle to drive
from Bowling Righth street than
for a pedestrian to cover the same digtance
The cars were introduced,
appeared and there was a large reduction of
the congestion and danger, instead of the ag-
@Tavation of the evil which many had prophe-

the

To cross

mtho-

came so those

Green fo

the omnibuses dis-

|
Popular= Mr. Charlies

A Ite

sied, I have watched the traffic in the Strand
many times, and omnibuses and cabs comprise
more than three-quarters of it, All the omni-
buses and many of the cabs would disappear
if tram lines were introduced,

“The city as well as individual citizens would
profit by the introduction of electric tractlon
| Not only would cheap and comparatively rapid

transportation be provided, by! the public
revenues would gain a new and substantial
source of income. The ommnibuses pay but a
| trifle for thelr privileges 4n electric line
| would not only pay @ fair proportion of its re-
| ceipts to the local treasuries, but it would light
the streetsas wel The central poles would
also carry electric lights, as is al eady done in
| many London streets, but the company would
pay for the laht instead of the public But |
| ah fully awace that these arguments do not yet
carry the weight of conviction in London, and I
London

am waking ho attempt to conyitee
againatits will”

/ Mr Yerkes first considered the question
of engaging in the selution of (he London rapid
transit problem: more than five years ago
Other interests claimed his attentlon mean

titue, and it is only recently that he has taken
Phe line which he will
Pariiament about

the matter up again
build was authorized by
six years ago, but construction las never been

begun, and Mr Yerkes's purchase virtually
secures him nothing bat the charter, which
| grants right of way, &e Mr Yerkes's plans,

however, are tmueh more comprehensive than

the construction of this short) underground

the

 

 

line He will endeavor to follow same
broad scheme which has developed the our-
skiets of Chicago as no other city: Was) ever
developed

We shall build the line,” sald he in con-
versation vesterday, “from Chariog Cross (the
termination of the Southeastern Railway)
almost due north to Hampstead, with eon-
he to Ruston (the London and North-
western terminal! Paddington [the Great West-
ern) terminal) and perhaps to SVietoria (the
station of the London, Brighton and South
Coast and the fondon, Chatham and Dover
lines Phe construction and equipment will
beooft the same general design as those of the
new Central London Katlway There will
also be a connecting station with the latter
litve Bat in doing this we provide only what
we hope will prove to be the trunk line of a
system of suburban rapid transit, My chief
desire is to bring a linge territory north of
London within easy residential distance of
London workers of all classes ‘To accomplish
this we shall seek to provide surface electric
lines radiating in all directions fan-like from
our horthern Certuinus asa common centre

It is this plan whieh has been the matin
feature and the most stecessful one of our
Chicago system, We opened up the prairie
for forty miles around Chieago hy this means
Land which before the advent of the trolley

lines was sold by the acre was divided up into

the foot as soon as the

= and sold ty
electric car appeared Few
students of municipal lite probably appreciate
[here is to-day

 

house

even among

theeffects of this development

no tenement dife in Chicage, and Londoners
will understand what grave evils have been
swept away with the disappearance of that
abnormal manner of existence, The health
of Chicago bas improved until now ite death
rate is the lowest in the world

The same system of rapid transit would
do for London or for any other congested
eity all that it has done for Chicago No,
Ide not contemplate doitug tor South london
or the Bast End what we are about to under-
take toward the north, One enterprise of
this magnittide is suffle tert If it succeeds
the demonstration will speedily bear fruit
and <imilar facilities wil be provided for other

| «juatters of the metrope

The eharter which Mr. Yerkes has pur-
chased requires the completion of the line
within the next two vears If the construc-
tion was in the hands of American mechanics
this could easily be accomplished, but as the
British workmiin is a moin faetor in the mat

| ter it may prove necessary to secure a slight
extension of time Mr. Yerkes will return
to America on the Deutschland, sailing Oct

14. and he does not expect to spend mueh time
in England while the line is in course of cone
struction HK. ¢

CHICKEN COOP) BURGLAR ALARMS.

Flectrictt¥ Broaght to Bear Nowadays for the
Protection of Hen Roosts

 

You might think,” said an electrician, “that
houses and

|
burglar alarms are made only for
« oresand banks, and that sort of thing, but they
have now «days electric burglar alarms made for
chieken ecoops to circumvent the chicken thief
The chicken house is so wired with the help of
aimple contrivances designed for that pur-
pose that the opening of any door or window
in it sets ringing a gong in the owner's house,
whi « connected with the chicken coop by
wire, and the thief can't stop the gong’s ring-
ing by shutting the door or window again: it
can be shut off in the house only

 

“What's to hinder the thief's cutting the
wire? Whe, nothing, I suppose, if he could
find it in the dark, but while these alarms are

set up with overhead wires from the coop to
the house, they ray be connected by wires un-
derground, suitable insulated wire being pro-
For that matter there
the alarin is started

It is a more or leas

vided for this purpose

fs one system ino which

hy the breaking of a wire
familiar fact that the chicken thief sometimes
avoids all doors and windows, for fear of trap
guns and that sort of thing, and justs lifts a
board off the roof to get at the chickens, this
being a handy way also because from there he
can pick the chickens off the roost conveniently
But nowadays there runs across every board on
the under side of the roof a light, easily broken
wire, which is however sufficient to carry the
required current. It is impossible to Tift. a
| board in the roof without breaking the slender
wire, and, in this case, by means of suitable
contrivances the breaking of the wire starts
the bell to ringing
"The cost of a chicken coop burglar alarm
for a single chicken coop, wire connections
with tle house and all, would be very small;
| a few dollars. The cost of setting up a com-
plete burglar alarm system for a@ big chicken
raneh, with many coops and buildings, would
! of course be considerable. amounting to $300
or $400, more or less

 

 

 

PRESIDENTIAL LIGHTNING.

4

| Storm's Prank Nerved a Young Law Stadent

| to Het and He Won.

“The lightning caused me to bet on the Presi-
dential election in 1860," said a Wall Street man
who was called in as stakeholder a few days
ago And I won

I'm not more superstitions than the average
individual,” continued the man, “although my
act would indicate the contrary. T wasa young
man ina law office in a Kentucky town, My
preceptor had pasted over his desk a poster
containing the portraits of all of the candidates,
Lincoln and Hamlin, Breckenridge and Lane
Douglass and Johnson and Bell and Everett

 

The poster contained the platforms of the
{ various parties, There was some uncertainty
jin that campaign, My preceptor was an en-

| thusiastic Douglass man and wanted to bet all
he had on his candidate, It was my first ex-
perience in a Presidential campaign, and I had
a fool notion that Bell and Kverett would be
elected. | had never made a money bet, but I
was aching to take up my Blackstonian pre-
ceptor, although FE lucked nerve
One day there was a thunderstorm. The
lightning loosened a purnber_of things in the
town, the building in which T was a law stu-
dent being one In one of its pranks the
lightning cut in the wall on which that politi-
cal poster was posted The result was that
the upper part of the poster bung down from
the wall, covering up all the candidates save
Lincoln and Hanlin Despite my sympathies
for Bell and Everett, T imagined I saw in this
condition of the poster the result of that elec-
tion, and a few days later when the Douglas
enthusiast talked on his upper notes and
offered to bet 825 even on his man I took him
up He was very much astonished to think
1 would bet on Lincoln and Harlin He said
I was a young ass and other things, and that
he would bet with me to teach me a lesson
After the election he asked ine how I came to
j take the chance, for there were few. Lincoln
votes in the town When I told him the
| source of tiny tip he grew serious
You have won your first bet on a Presiden-
tial election,” he said, “but, remember, young
| man, laehtning never strikes in the same place
| (Whee
“But itdidintiis case Lincoln was reelected
| I bet on MeKinley in 1806 The lightning
| struck that time, and this year it will strike
jin the same place.” ‘5

 
 
   

a —__

ee ee

  

INDIA STILL IN DISTRESS:

RAINS GIVE SOME RELIEF, BUT SITU
ATION REMAINS SERIOUS,

 

Districts Least Affected During the Worst of |

the Famine Are Now Suffering From Lack
of Rain—Famine Will Leave Many Prob-
lems for Lord Carson's Government,

LONDON, Sept. 20.~ The famine in India drags
through it pitiful course as slowly and wnore-
lentingly ax though there were no Transvaal
or China on the map of the world, The eyes ot
the British public are averted, but the tragic
spectacle of an enormous dependent population
broken and discouraged by successive Visita-
tions of drought and disease remains, blse-
where there has been so much to alarm a nation
concerned for {ts own position in the world
that people here have shirked the problem
of India’s misfortune, They know that the
truth of the dimensions of the famine has not
been told to them, chiefly because they do not
Wish to hear il, ‘The distress has now abated
alittle, aod an account of the improved condi-
tlon at the end of August gives ground for ex-
pecting that the distress in not bow entirely
beyond some measure of relief treatment
But the abiding feature, even in ihis latest
account, is the deseription of the state of things
still to be faced *

In Angust there were copious and
general rains in the Indian provinces
aMicted previously with drought, Some dis-
trict’ have, indeed, been praying for a
porary cessation of the deluge which had con-
tinued almost uninterruptedly for three weeks
Phe result of this heavy rainfall is a decrease
in the numbers on famine relief to the extent
of no less than a million during the last three
For the week ending July 28 the total

 

fairly

most

teni-

weeks

on relief was 6,240,000 persons (Che succeed-
ine weekly totals were 6,281,000, 6,082,000,
5,085,000 and 4,404,000, respectively, this last

fixure being forthe week ending Aug 25. Theres
fore, even if the present rate of decrease 800,00")
orsoa week continues to hold good the famine
totals should soon decline to much more manage
able dimensions than has been the case for many
months past he probability,
that during the next few weels the rate of im
provement will be even more rapid than at pres-
ent) The bulk of the people now are being
merely fed by Government until the
sown soon after the app arance of the first
crops are for the
some, indee!,

moreover, is

erops
have These
part
ripening within fort 4

But it must not be supposed that the whole of
the five millions now shown in the returns will
be independent of Government directly the
harvest ripens. The traces of a great famine,
such as that whieh for a year or more has de
India, do not disappear
Starvation, cholera, fevers, dysentery,
and exposure have among them carried off
many thousands exactly how many will per-
haps never be known, but the totalis very large.
rhus, as a famine legacy, the Government will
have to provide for a long time to for
thousands of widows, orphans and old people
then there

rain ripened
quick-growilng ones,

os of sowing

thost

vostated quite so

readily

come

whose breadwinners bave perished
are the old and broken natives, whose Constitite
tions have been ruined by the hardships and
exposure they have gone through, who must
be cared for somehow,

Apart from these are the shirkers and loafers
who, having once tested the fruits of eratuitous

relief, will probably feel inclined to subsist
in that manner for the remainder of their days
The authorities expect that this will prove a

diflenit question Ino some parts of India
the southern Punjab and districts in the cen-
tral provinces, for eXample- thousands of peo-
have been almost entirely g«ratuitous
light famine work for
past They have got so accustomed to their
life and surroundings that it will be hard to
get rid of them when the time comes an of-
fleer on Lord Curzon'astaff said, afterreturning
fron rellef inspection in Gujerat, that there
was marked apprehension that the people had
become demoralized) that thelr pauperization
was complete. Many showed no desire to leave
the relief camps, even though good rains had
fallen and seed for the sowing was offered
to them free

Phere are still more than one and a half mil-
lions of people on relief in Bombay, of whom
some 600.000 are on gratuitous relief. In the
Punjab the rainfall has been somewhat fitful,
heavy in places and very light in others, Still,
the outlook is on the whole promising. Young
crops are doing Well, and cattle are every where
improving. Inthe central provinces there has
been almost too much rain in many districts
and the people are crying out fora break in the
monsoon. The famine figures for these prov-
inces furnish some remarkable reading. There
of whom no fewer

ple on

relief or three

years

 

are some 2,225 000 on relief
than 2,000,000 are in receipt of gratuitous rellef,
760,000 of these being adults and 961,000 children
relieved in kitchens. The polfer obtaining fn
the central provinces is to send the natives
away to their homes immediately upon the out-
break of the rains, and there maintain therm
gratuitousiy until the crops ripen. There is
this much to he said for the plan, that ther
obtain an amount of shelter in their homes
which they certainiv would not get in the re-
lief camps, and so outbreaks of disease and the
devastating fevers which follow on prolonged
exposure are avoided. On the other hand, the
gratuitous feeding for many weeks on end of
2.007.000 people, many of them strong and well-
to-do, musthavea disastrous effect onthem

The rainfall up to the time of writing presents
some curious features. Most of the Bombay
districts have received amounta considerably
In excess of the normal, the Bombay Deccan
more than 60 per cent: Kathiawar,
47 per cent: Khandesh, 30 per cent: and other
districts smaller amounta in excess. Scinde
and the Baluchistan hills show defective ratn-
fall, but in the case of this part of India the
total fall is so slight that a single good shower
will convert the deficiency into a surplus. The
whole of the Punjab, except the western por-
tion, shows either normal or excess rain, as
do the central provinces. In Rajputana, asa
whole, there has been a slight deficiency, but
this is being rapidly made good by the heavy
falla of the last few days. Thus we have the
whole of the famine area with either a large
excess of rain, or, at least, a fairly normal
amount

To be set off against these improvements
ie the very serious deficiency tn rainfall tn
the districts least affected by the famine of
last year-in Bengal and the northwest prov-
Inces, Every district of the northwest show
a considerable deficit, averaging 30 per oent
In every district, too, of Bengal and Assam, a
lack of rain is reported It {a already con-
templated that relief operations will have to be
started In parts of these provinces But the
most deplorable plight of all is that of the Bhil
country Piteous accounts continue to come
from there The missionaries and = officials
are doing their best to save the people, but the
mortality is, nevertheless, terrible This mor-
tality has been considerably Increased by the
arrival of the monsoon The people possess only
a few threadbare rags in the way of clothes —
scarcely enough to make up a loin cloth Of
bedding they have none and the constant
exposure to wet and damp, together with
the ill effecta resulting from sleeping night
after night on the cold ground, brings on dis-
eases from which the people, weakened by
a vear of severe famine, have not sufficient
stamina to recover Phe countryside is simply
littered with corpses It is the rule and not
the exception for a doven or more to be col-
lected every morning round the mission sta-
tions, while a journey across country reveals
the fact that thousands are dying every week
from exposure and the after-effects of famine

The British-Indian Government undertakes
only the feeding and will not do anything in
the way of providing clothes. These are supe
posed to come from the famine funds. But
what are these among so many? All told,
the amount still falls short of a million sterling,
of which a little over a third has been sub-
scribed by Great Britain. The population
affected by the famine is more than 90,000,000,
Enormous numbers of people have to be
clothed and fed, cattle to be purchased, seed
and a score of other things provided, all out

showing

 

 

 

 

of, this sum of less than a million, People in
many of the native semi-autonomous States
in British India have died by thousands through
the apathy or criminal neglect of their rulers,
Lord Curzon, however, has plainly intimated
to such native Princes that he will stand no
nonsense, Another evil in native States re-
cently dealt with by Lord Curzon is that whieh
has to do with the growing tendency of native
Princes to journey frequently to Kurope, ‘The
Government of India, it is said, hold very
strongly to the opinion that the first and para-
mount duty of a native Prince lies towards bis
own State and people, By the protection
and authority of the supreme gov-
ernment he hes a security of tenure in
his exalted station superior to that enjoyed
by rulers in any other country in’ the
world, and one which is only sacrificed or im-
pulred by gross misconduct on his part or by
some offence of exceptional gravity. In return
for these advantages, the Government is
entitled to demand that the ruler shall de-
vote his best energies not to the pursuit of
pleasure, nor to the cultivation of absentee
interests or amusements, but to the welfare
of his own subjets. It is most tmprobable
that threatenings or even punishments will
do inuch to make these absentee landlords
more considerate for those dependent on them,
especially as the Government has never adopted
that procedure in their administration of
a country much nearer England. The Anglo-
Indian Government will, in fact, have to deal
with the famine and its sequels in its ownway
fhe recent imperial war expenditure is dis-
couraging to the chances of an Indian grant
from the national exchequer

REINDEER IN ALASKA,

 

The Government Is Making Them a Part of
the Educational System,

Some one has defined a crank as a person
who has expert knowledge on a subject that
doesn't interest you. Dr. Sheldon Jackson
is a crank on the subject of developing the
resources of Alaska by reindeer culture. It
is his hobby and a good deal of fun has been
made at his expense, as is the case with most

men who ride hobbies. But Dr. Jackson appar-

ently has not been troubled by any adverse
criticism or jokes at his expense. He has
been backed by the Government, which has

indorsed his work and given him money to
carry iton. He is indorsed by the Bureau of
Education, the head of which, Dr. W. T. Harris,
tnited States Commissioner of Education,
has firma faith in reindeer as a means of civil-
iving the natives of Alaska 4 great deal
has been written about Dr. Jackson's plans
and hopes and the development thus far of
the work that he originated; and the purpose
here is not to retell an old story, but to show
how reindeer are now being used in Alaska
inthe efforts to civilize and educate the natives
rhe facts here given are taken mostly from
recent writings of Dr. Harris on this subiect

It may be sald in a preliminary way, how-
ever, that the Government will lose money
every time if puts any of its reindeer enter-
prises into the hands of men who are not ac-
quainted with the needs and pecullarities of
the animals. A case in point was that of the
30 reindeer which were purchased by Dr
Jackson tn 1898 in Sweden by order of the War
Department, the purpose being to use them
to carry supplies to the needy miners In the
Yukon country. Dr. Jackson brought then
safely over from Swedish Lapland and trans-
ported them safely across the ¢ ontinent, carry-
ing tons of reindeer moss for their provender
Arriving in Seattle, the enterprise was placed
wholly in the hands of the military authorities
Dr. Jackson {nsisted that the animals should
be landed in Alaska far enongh north to afford

them a supply of moas for food across the
country The men in charge decided, how-
ever, to land at Skagway, and before they
reached moss pasturage 900 of the animals

had died of starvation, for they refused to eat
the hay provided for them. It would have
been money in the Government's pocket if
the soldiers in charge of the enterprise had
been compelled to commit to memory and act
upon some such statement asthat which Consul+
General Winslow of Stockholm sent to Wash-
ington a little later, in which he said

The only food given to reindeer in Sweden fs rein
deer moss, a lichen bighly prized by the Lapps, grow
ing abundantly in the Arctic regions, almost as lus
urlantly on the bare rocks as tu the soll It covers
extensive tracts in Lapland, making the landscape
in summer look Hike a field of snow, The moss has
a slightly acrid taste and {t may be used for human
food Attempts have been made to feed hay, roots,
grain, &., tothe reindeer, but they have not succeeded,

Dr. Jackson believes there is enough mosa
pasturage in Alaska to support millions of deer
However this may be, itis certain that the moss
fe apread all over the tandra. It
membered that In the dead of winter, 1898,
some 200 of these reindeer were driven hundreds
of miles over the snow to Point Barrow, carry-
ing supplies to the whalers who were supposed
to be in danger of starvation. The expedition
was a great success, though all the food the
animals had on the way was the moss they dug
ont of the snow

Dr. Harris says that In Alaskan educational
work the object has been to encourage the na-
tives to engage tn industries end discontinue
their ancient tribal customs. It was believed
that if they could be taught to use the English
language and trained to industry the growing
white population would be able to use them in
mining, transportation and the production of
food. It was soon found, however, that to
reach thousands of the primitive inhabitants it
would be necessary to use very different edu-
cational methods from those usually employed.
Dr. Jackson and Capt. Healy of the revenue
cutter Bear suggested In 1891 the plan of intro-
ducing herds of reindeer and persuading the
natives to take care of them After four rears
of experiments it became certain that the idea
would prove a siccess

From year to year the Government has ap-
propriated a few thousand dollars to purchase
deer in Siberia, and a plan was gradually ma-
tured for the use of these animals in the schema
of education. The first step to be taken was to
train the natives as herders and teamsters
If they were interested in this work and became
proficient in it a long step would be taken
toward changing their condition from that of
nomadic fishermen and hunters to dwellers in
villages, with permanent employment that
would support them and make them useful to
the white population that is beginning to come
to central and northwest Alaska. The other
important object to be gained was to educate
the natives in thrift, so that they will take care
to preserve and accumulate reindeer

It was found best to associate the missionary
stations with this Government work, Thus
far four herds of reindeer have been loaned
to as many mission stations These missions
are particularly helpful because they are able
to pick out natives for training who are noted
for good character and are ambitious to learn
the ways of civilization and to acquire property
Twenty or thirty youths of the most promise
are selected from a village population of 300
or more and are put in training as herdsmen
and teamsters. The herds are loaned as ap-
paratus for the instruction of the natives

in the artof herding deer and training them to
harness It is stipulated that after three years
the Government may take from the herd a
number of deer in good condition equal to
the original number supptied. the stations
retaining the increase Rewards are given
to the native apprentices who are most zealous
and faithfulin their work. At the end of the
first year they receive two reindeer and at
the end of the second year, flve more, as their
personal property Thus they are able to
start herds of their own and they develop the

sense of individual ownership. of property,
an idea that has not been develop in their
tribal relations

At last accounts, the Government was ne-

gotiating with six other stations on the Yukon
and the coasts of the Arctic and Behring seas
to loan them herds on the same conditions
There are at present thirty-eight missionary
stations in Alaska and at all but thirteen of
them there is an abundant supply of moss for
fodder. It ix desired to establish these reindeer
stations at allthe missionary centres through-
out the territory wherever the conditions
favor breeding and rearing the animals The
thirteen stations where the animals cannot be
reared are in the Juneau, Sitka, Fort Wrangel
and neighboring districts, and Commissioner
Harris deems it important to establish a large
herd as near this region as possible and thus
forward in all parts of Alaska the work of de
veloping its resources by reindeer oulture,

THE SUN, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.

will be re. |

  
     
 

MARCONI ON A NEW TACK:

 

AE BRINGS WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY

A STEP NEARER PERFECTION,

Inventor Discards Tall Poles in the Opera-
tion of His System and Uses Cylinders of
Moderate Hetght--Better Kesults and Ap-
pliances More Adaptable to Common Use,

 

 

Probably the most Important step in the
advance of wireless telecraphy toward practl-
cal use is that which has just been made by Mar-
coni, The old system for {t may be called old
now that an entirely new one has replaced it
consisted of an elaborate set of instruments
and apparatus, the chief external evidence of
which was an aerial wire suspended from @
tall mast. If was in the height of the mast
that the virtue of the «ystem was supposed to
exist. Marconi discovered early in his career
and yet only afew years ago -that if he doubled
the height of his mast he could send messages
four times as far. It was the so-called law of
squares for ether wave effect. For example,
he found that he could telegraph 100 miles if
his aerial wires were 150 feet high at the termi-
nals It was easy to compute the height re-
quired for crossing the Atlantic with ether
waves—a wire suspended 760 feet above the
transmitting station would, according to the
calculation, send a message 2,500 miles--and
ettravagant predictions were made, based
upon the possibility of establishing communi-
cation between the Kiffel Tower in Paris and
a huge structure in New York or Washington
Some thought that, if the average height of the
two aerial wires were 750 feet, messages could be
exchanged, But, alas for scientific prediction
that is not based on éxperiment. No one tried
the proposed plan, not even Marconi, who suc-
ceeded in proving the law of squares in every
atternpt Le made, but it may have been noticed
that Marcon| was not one of those who made
the Atlantic crossing prediction

Now all this has been changed
wire and the tall masts are done away with,
just as static electricity was replaced by chemil-
cal electricity and chemical by electro-ma-
Marcon! has already telegraphed sixty

The aerial

netie
miles with a eylinder four feet high instead of
a mast and wire 125 feet high

\s long as last January he began to work on
the cylinder plan. The experiments began in
hix laboratory at Poole Harbor, first from room
to room with receivers only one one-thousandth
part as sensitive as the one he used for regular
work between France and England: then he
took his apparatus out of doors and, for several
weeks along the beach, he went through hun-
dreds of experiments, gradually approximating
the proper relation between receiver and trans-
mitter, until perfect messages were finally sent
across to the [ele of Wight, elehteen
He did not tell outsiders of this sue-

miles

away
cess, because he felt he must first perfect his
apparatus and plans, and that the new Sys-

tem was better than the old

fn essential arrangement and working, the
evlinders plan is not greatly different from
that of the aerial wire. The transmitting in-
struments are practically the same, a battery
induction coll, earth wire, &c., the only change
in this part of the apparatus being the intro-
duction of resiatance coils where needed and
an arrangement for sending “tuned” messages
But on the outside of the room whieh confains
these nothing is to seen, The
stands close at hand, upon a table, it may be,
from any earth connection except
the transmitting instruments when
in action, The recelying station presents the
same appearance, indeed, the stations are all
alike, being fitted to send and receive messages
fn the same room, When a message is being
received, the wire leading to the eylinder is
disxconnecte | from the tranainttter and attached
rhis arrangement ia used of
course when a single installation is in
operation, With the apparatus for differen-
tiating between messages which Marconi has
worked out a number
working together in the same room or build-
ing, and then {t is possible to send and receive
jist as many different sets of messages as there
are instruments differing in capacity, But
this isa further step, and just now Marconi is
busy with the perfecting of the eylinder plan
on oné installation

Just how the messages are sent is more of
a puzzle now than ever, Formerly no one,
doubted the statement that ether waves con-
stituted the element of communication. Now
this is heing questioned. Why not earth cur-
rents? suggest some, and the inquiry is not

he cylinder
insulated
through

to the receiver

only

of installations may he

easily answered. The production of these high
tension impulses might easily disturb the elec-
tric equilibrium of the earth, it would seem, and
the very sensitive receiver in electric harmony,
so to speak, with the transmitter would record
this disturbance just as it ocenrs—in long or
short impulses, or In dots and dashes na they
appear on the recording instrument Of
course, if this be trie, any properly arranged
receiver can take the message provided it is
within range, but the same fact is evident in
the old system. That diMenvity is obviated,
however, by the syntonic apparatus, ‘which
makes It Impossible for a receiver not exactly
transmitter to receive the
measnges sent. One may iudge of the diMeults
in finding the richt electric “tune’
realizes that these high tension vibrations vary
from millions of vibrations to trillions a second,

It is interesting to note that 400,000,000,000
vibrations in the ether a second produce light
and some trillions a second produce the X-ray.
To the theory that this wireless telegraphy
ia carried on through the earth, that is, by dis-
turbing the earth's electric equilibrium, the
objection arises that such disturbance would
affect near-at-hand wire or cable telegraph
aystems, dynamo power houses and all sorts
of electric operations. Not so, necessarily.
Sound waves and light waves de not conflict
because their rates of vibration are different,
These high-tension vibrations of millions a
second should not disturb vibrations which
are lower, as are telephone vibrations, for
example, or light vibrations, which are higher,
It is true that any disturbance of the earth's
electric equilibrium will to an extent affect
electric operations on the earth's surface,
but this ie not a large factor and the difficulties
can probably be easily overcome,

Rut it is not best to be foo sure asto the nature
of the operation. Marconi has given months
of thought and experiment to Just this problem,
and it is doubtful if he even is sure of what the
force really is. ‘Tesla has made many predic-
tions in connection with transmitting electric
power in just this way. His plan meant simply
that he would kick the earth electrically, and
the power put into the blow could be picked up
anywhere on the surface of the earte if the
proper detecting and collecting apparatus was
used. A Frenchman has recently come forward
with another plan quite similar, and the French
Government is trying to carry out his ideas,
He proposes to test the earth’s surface at alarge
number of places in France and find spots equal
in electric capacity, or by digging down far
enough in the necessary places reduce all these
apots to an equal capacity, Then adisturbance

at any one will be noticeable at all of the others
itis asimple matter, then, to create a disturbance
ef short and long duration as desired and thus
reproduce the Morse code. The difficulties here
are also very great A rainstorm, for example,
in one section of the country would be sure to
change the electric capacity of the earth in that
helgnborhgod

It is with relief, then, that we turn toa plan
such as Marconi's, which seems applicable to
all conditions. Whether it works eons the
ether above the earth or through the ether
in the earth or by a disturbance of electric
equilibrium in the earth does not matter so
much as the fact that results are actually ob-
tained. “It works,” says Marconi, “and that
fs enough.”

 

in tune with the

when one

 

Scarcity of Ash Barrels ta Brooklyn,

There is a great scarcity of barrels in Brook-
yn. Ever since the people began coming back
from their vacations the grocers have been
overrun with requests for old barrels. During
the summer most of the families who were away
Jost their ash barrels-- which are still used in-
stead of ash cans in Brooklyn—and on their re-

turn there wasarush to get newones Ordi-
narily a request for a barrel from the grocer re-
sulta in one being sent around right away with-
out charge, but this year the demand so ex-
ceeded the supply that the grocers were obliged
to buy old barrels to supply their customers.
The price has been 20 cents apieoa,

ct

  

 

 

THE HUMOROUS SIDE OF THIN

 

 

Japanese Diplomacy.

From the London King

It was at the time of the exhibition In 1867. A
Japanese embassy went to Paris to treat for three tree
ports In France, in return for which France was lo
have three in Japan. The negotiations proved short
and amiable.

“Make your chotce,"’ sald Japan, ‘we will choose
afterward,"'

‘The Minister of Foreign Affairs selected Yokohama,
Yeddo and Hang Yang.

The embassy made no objection; they simply smiled
and went on thelr way.

Some time afterward Japan sent word that the three
ports mentioned were agreed to, and in return Japan
desired Havre, Marseilles and Southampton.

This last name gave the French officials fits They
never laughed so much before, and ceriainiy never
since, Southampton a French port! No, it Was too
good, Gently, but unmistakably, (hey eaplained the
situation

“Why, Southampton isin England,” they replied

“We know that,"’ came the cool response, ‘but then
Hang Yang Is tn Corea.”

Whereupon the French oMcials collapsed,

Suspicion Regardiag Those Francs,

From the Galeeston Datly News

OMctals, public or sem! public, come tn for thelr
Share of criticism, but that heard on @ street cara
morning of two ago beats the record since the flood
‘The driver and an Italian were cursing and abusing
the management of the Relief Committee in the most
artistic Billingsgate, using the whole dictlonary of
profanity and coining a few words and phrasesall
thelrown. Finally to wind upthe conversation and
bring a Atting climax to itall, the Italian was heard
to comment

'Pres'dent Loubay, the Pres'dent o' France,he glva
twent' thousa’ frane for de flood suf. Whate go wi’
demon’ Ha‘ you see ade trance ina Galveston? I
seea not-a one sing’ damn frane. Some-abody he
putaina de pocket and say nota damn worda
‘bout Ita.”

 

His Slianderer Was There.

From London Tit Bite,

On one orcasion, while addressing a meeting, Mr
Gladstone was repeatedly interrupted by an individ
ual who alternated loud guffaws with the Initation of
a dog's howls, The speaker inquired the name of
this fellow and was told that he was a certain Jobn
Larf,

“Mr. Larf.”’ he sald, raising his volce, ‘our friend
Goldsmith clearly bad you !o view when he sald

‘The watch-dog's voice that bay'd the whispering
wind,
And the loud Larf that spoke (he vacant mind

“He sald that, did he’ erled Larf turned
round and struck # little man who was in the crowd 4
severe blow over the head. And it was only after a
violent rough and-tumble and much vituperative lan
guage that Mr. Larf wasconsinced that the map he
had assaulted and whose name was Goldsmith was
not the gentleman referred to by Mr. Gladstone

The Court's View of Its Own Lenity,
From the Kansas (tty Star.

Judge Hamilton Finney, who is visiting friends tn
Kansas City, was formerly Pollee Judge here, and he
has by long odds the time record for holding a case
under advisement. ‘Twenty years isthe time and the
case is now decided yet.

It was when Judge Guinotte wasa young law stu
dentin the office of Tichenor & Warner. He had a
case In One of the Justices’ courts one day, which had
been postponed on two or three occasions, On this
particular day he demandedatrial, ‘The lawyer on
the other side, a man very unpopular with all Judges
and attorneys, grew abusive, Then he became so
insulting that young Guinotte’s Freneh blood boiled
over and he threw a heavy Inkstand at the man,
striking bimonthe head. The result was that Gul
notte was arrested for disturbing the peace. He went
before Judge Finney the next morning In police court

“Are youl ullty or not gullty?” asked the Judge.

“Guilty,” answered Mr. Guinotte

Ordinarily that would settle aecase, The Judge ts
supposed to nave no alternative except to punish,
Judge Finney scowled.

‘Young man."" he
aggravated assault
with an inkstand
under advisement.”

He still has {t under advisement, and the reason can
be understood from the conversation between the
Judge and Mr. Tichenor after court bad adjourned on
the same day of the trial,

“You took Gulnotte's
asked Mr. Tichenor,

“Ves, answered the Judge, “but I oughtto have
fined him for not breaking that fellow's neck!"

Needn't Have Kept On.

From the Philadelphia Saturday Evening Post

Dr. Thomas A. Hoyt, the pastor of the Chambers
Wylie Memorial Church of Philadelphia, was recently
entertaining President Pation of Princeton, Gen
John B. Gordon and other eminent men at dinner.
The guests were speaking In strong praise of asermon
the minister had just preached, and those who were
versed in theology were discussing the doctrinal
points he had brought out.

Dr. Hoyt's young son was sitting at the table,
and President Patton, turning to him, sald

“My boy, what did you think of your father's ser-
mon’? I saw you listening Intently to {t:"' at which
praise Mrs. Hoyt smiled cordially, and all listened to
hear what sort of a reply the lad would make.

“Tg@uessit was very good,’’ sald the boy; ‘but
there were thiree mighty fine places where he could
have stopped.”

as he

sald, ‘this {sa case of a most
You actually struck this man
It's so serious I'll take the matter

case under advisement?”

 

A Test of Good Jam,
From Brooklyn Life.

“No, Tommie dear, you don't get any more Jam
Next time, when you have been a very good child.
you get some more.”

“Say, mother, do you think {t will keep so long'?’

 

Knew His Business,

From Stray Stories.

In days gone by, in a country town, there lived and
Wroughta stonecutter who, besides being reckoned
skilful in designing tombstones, was also credited
with a critical taste in the epitaphs Inseribed thereon.
Being requested by the disconsolate, weeping relict
of one of his fellow townsmen to place on the slab of
her dear departed the words, "‘My sorrow {ts greater
than Tecan bear,” he took care to space them out so
that an addendum was possible, and was by no means

surprised at her visiting him a few months after to
ask him, as she Was about toremarry, to efface the
inscription and substitute a more fitting one

“No need for that, marm,’' was his reply. “I al
ways looks to the contingencies where there's widdies
lef’. All that's wanted to the Inscripuon on that tomb
is Jes’ to add the word ‘‘alone!"’

 

 

Sympathy Not What Was Wanted.

From the CAtcago Daily News

A native of the mountain district of Kentucky had
occasion to go on a journey recently, and, before
Starting, took out an accident policy. He chanced to
be one of the victims of a raliway collision, and the
next morning his widow, armed with a newspaper re-
portin which bis name was mentioned among the
killed, called on the agentof the insurance company
and demanded the money.

“But, madam,”’ said the agent, “we will have to
have more definite proof before we can pay your

claim.”
“More proof!’ exclaimed the bereaved woman,

“Why he's dead'rn a door nail, [ reckon."
“Possibly, my dear madam," answered the lite
agent. “and I'm very sorry,” Po!
wporry! fou are Sorry are you?"
“Lcertainly am, madam. | sincere)
with you i your Had Oot ee. y sympathize
“Hut bain’t you goin’ to give me the ’
comin’ to mer money what's
“Not today,
wated oi 4 he aaa
‘That's Jus eae ernothin’ man,”
retorted the bereaved woman. ‘You all are rit
periite bout things so long as they hain't costin’ rot
nothin’, but the minnet 4 poor, lone female does git a
chance to @it holt of a leetle spendin’ money, you got
the gall to say you're Sorry, ~, . &o
And the indignant female slammed the door

Your claim will Bave to be investi-

Asking Too Mach.

From the Chicago Tribune.

“Twill not attempt to evade your question, Mr
Spoonamore,"' the young woman sald, with hetgm
enedcolor, “While we may not be sulted to each
other in all respects, {t ts due to say that I would
marry you as willingly as anybody I know.”

“You fll me with—"

“Walta moment, please. You know, do you pot,
that | am the owner of several bullding lots away out
near Iinkson Park?”

“Yes, but surely you do not—"

“Cettainly not, Mr. Spoonamore. I do not mean
to intimate that you are actuated by mercenar
ves Far from it You know lam not rich 1050
are aware, | presume, that all the property | can call
my own consist of those lots.""

| know, dear girl, but that doesn't make the
silgbtest dif—'

“Lam sure of it, but It was not of that I was about
to speak. It has cost meall l have been abie io save
to pay taxes and special assessments on those lots
The elty owes me rebates amounting to hundreds of
dollars Now Mr Spoonamore, I cannot become any
man's wife without a bridal trousseau, and | cannot
afford one now, I will be vour wife when | receive the
monty due me from the citypas rebates on those lots,
and not before." ,

With a howl of despair the baMed lover fed into the
night He was still young, but he eouldn’s wait
forever.

 

| HONG KONG

 

 

DOPE FARMER

BIG DINNER WITH WHICH HE
RETIRES FHOM OFFICE,

An Anomatous Vosition That Lasts but One

Year and Makes Its Holder Beh-Some
Curtous Features of the Samptaous Pease,

 

THE

Brom the Chicago Timea-Herald

In the colony of Hong Kong there is a China-
man who, while his brief reign lasts, is spoken
of by million of his
countrymen on the island with bated breath. To
these Celestials, subjects of Queen Victoria, the
Emperor of China is not nearly so great a may
asthe “opium farmer,” andthe Queen herself,
compared with “his mightiness of the dive,
is in their eyes only a far-away sovereign, not
half so imposing

the quarter of a fell ww

In order to regulate to some extent the im-
portation of opium into Hong Kong and to sime-
plity the collection of duties the British Govern.
ment several years ago decided to place the

Whole business in the hands of one man. Reale
Wine, however, the tremendous and arbitr
power that could be wielded by a single inde
Vidual in stich @ position, it was also decid
that the office should only be held one year
and that ne person should be allowed to keep
Nofor nore than a single term. So it was ane
nounced that the Government was prepared
to accept bids for the privilege

Sthee that time the selection of an “opiung

 
 

 

   

fariner as he is called, has become an ane
nualbevent Phe highest bid erally ranges
Trot 800,000 to S00,000 tuels, according to the
prospects of the poppy erop for the vear and
the condition of the market. The successful
applicant is duly gazetted in his position, and
he is given the assistance of a fleet of a dozen
“Witt Government customs vessels to proteds
his interest. Te himself! employs Revert
unks to guard his business against smugglers
Dut tie thrust only use these boats for the pur-

pose of obtaining information. If he secures

knowledge of smuxgeling operations he turne

Hoover to the quthoritie Who run the male.
factors down, Nearly every week in the year
there isa smart skirmish between the « mpane
of the stniucglers from the mainland of China
and the revenue cutters, Pretty littl battles
someof them are, too, and very usefulin giving

young British iniddies and junior naval ofleers
their first taste of i felting

   

 

 

 

The opin farmer has the sole control of
every pound of the drug brought into Hone
ind he generally makes from £250,000 'o

4.000 clear profit in his year of ofce,” The
Goverituent gets much more from him than
it could secure if it attempted to colleet the
duties itself, and, moreover, gets it in a limp
sun withe the enormous amount of trouble
and the lar force of officers that would othere
Wise be ner ae ‘The opium farmer's salaried
men watch all incoming boats, and as it is @

  

ease of Chingmian against Chinaman very little

   

 
 

ofthe raw materialwets past him

\t the end of his term of offlee he gives a
ereat dinner to Government oMflcials, newe-
paper men aod the leading Chinese merchants
of the colons This dinner is one of the three
wreat events of the Hong Kong vear. The
other two are the polo championship games
and the sham battle hetween the troops in the
girrison) As a matter of fact, thouch natural
oride keeps them from. openty acknowledging

, thew a people of Hong Kong look on thie
inhtoue dinner as by far the most interesting
affair in the social calendar ”

When a Chinaman makes up his mind te do @
thing handsomely he generally goes to the
limit Phe opium tarmer always makes hie
dinner, which is a sort of farewell to his brief

reign of Czar of the opium smokers .
to be remembered hn his white Here ie
deed, le lays aside a large sim of money, from
$20,000 to fio, for the hanquet, and alware
a kons It 4s ‘ reaitin ite item of expense when
e figures up his hid to the . mt o
pe cau 3 i O aae the Government at the

A week betore the close of his term of office
the farmer sends out his invitations, There are
always verbal, delivered to the lucky recipient
by a shroff, a polite native clerk, who comes to
your door with a smile and a how, elad ir a long
blue gown reaching to his heels, and tells rou
that his master desires the honor of your pres-
ence at the None Tai Lo Restanrant “ta mode
estly sup with him from a lit s
token of voir wind front 4 little dish or two in

The invitation needs no reepo r
shroff takes it for granted that vou would ean
bone a trip to Europe to get to that dinner, and
heisright. Thereare no vacant seats when
the cereinonies begin

Phe Wong Tai Lo Restaurant, where all these
affairs are given, is the Chinese Delmonico's of
Hong Kong. It stands in the heart of the
native quarter, a five-story frame building
elaborately carved, with broad balconies laden
with flowering plants and creepers and the yaual
luge feast lanterns swaying in the wind

You are met at the ground floor entra nee
of the restaurant by one of the farmer's repre-
sentatives clad in gorgeous silks, who gives
your chatr or rickshaw coolies directions about
the time for their return and shows you u stairs
to the great dining room on the third floor
The tables, which run in three parallel lines
down the length of the apartment, are bare
of everything except the usual silverware
with ivory chopsticks added The big ax-
panse of white cloth has a peculiarly hospitable
and restaurant-like appearance, which how-
ever Goes not last very long ;

ie walls are covered with Chines

and Union Jacks twined tcgnthen aa panne

 

 

 

 

ing by the hundred from the ceiling

] are gar
lanterns of all designs and colors enclosing
electric lights. About three hundred guests

find seats at places where thei
written. on pieces of gaataboand: Wann ri
head of the centre table are the ebony chairs
of the host, theGovernor of the colony, the
Chief Justice, and sometimes the senior naval
officer of the port. Here and there among
the other diners are wealthy Chinese merchants
ae ee un startling contrast to the
coloriess white Eton meas cK
ST le cones mess jackets of the resi

When all are seated the opium farmer en-
ters. He comes in through an alcove door, in
a rather stagey manner, and smiles at the
applause that greets him as he takes his place
A minute later he rises to thank his white friends
for their presence at his lowly board and apolo-
gizes for “the humble character of the fare”
he is about to set before them. Everybody
knows what that means, Then he turns to the
back of his chairand strikes agong. Dozens
of swift-footed waiters at once appear laden
with silver ice buckets filled with chatebanne
port, sherry, Frontinac and a variety of native
wines. A hundred young woman follow with
trays of wine glasses and tumblers and in @
for ets every est is supplied

mmediately the affair develops Into
magnificent enough for an ol Warne foass
quethall, The women, imported from northern
China for the ovcasion, station themselves be-
hind the chairs of the guests and play stringed
instruments, singing an almost continuous ace
companiment. Flower girls bearing sweet
blossoms of the lichee enter and twine gar-
lands across the tables among chair backs
about the flags and in the long lines of lanterns,

The les are rapidly spread with food ang
a strange mixtureof Oriental and Occidenta
dishes i! is In addition to roast beef, ham
chicken, turkey and mutton, are dozens of
Chinese delicacies, curries of every kind, sharka’
fins, jellied eggs, pickled fish, baked hedge.
boar, spitted rice birds, drawn pelican meat
preserves of all sorts, mangoose, man ostines,
paradise fruit and dozens of wonderful Chiness
puddings

There is _no menu card and no sequence
courses. You just pick out what you like an
tackle it, irrespective of what your neighbor
is eating and regardless of whether you begin
with dessert or end with soup. The dishes
in which these foods are served are the moat
magnificent and costly samples of Chinese
ware and are intended as gifts for the guests
When the dinner is over you can select what
you please from among them. If you go awa
early enough you are generally wise enough
todothis If you stay till things begin to get
warm you are apt to forget all about sucha
prosaic thing as dishes

When midnight comes and the hoat, the
Governor and the Chief Justice have discreetly

   

retired, the singing, jubilating and toasting
begin in earnest As daybreak approaches
the faithful ricksha men who have heen kick-

ng their bare heels @n the brick roads for ser-
eral hours, begin to think deep boiling-ofl
thoughts about the foreign devils inside who
are yelling “Annie Rooney,” “We Won't Ge
Tlome Till Morning.” “Auld Lang Syne" and
other incantations to their gods

IN A HORSESHOEFING PARTOR, “4

 

 

A Modern Sort of Black smith's Shop in Which
No Forge Is Used.

A blackgmith’s shop without a forge seeme
a novelty, indeed, but there are two at least
in New York. In these shops there is applied
a patent horseshoe made of a special stee] which
is soft enough to permit of its being hammered
and shaped, as far as may be necessary, without
heating There are anvils here, and hammers
are used, so that sthese time-honored accese
sories of the blacksmith’s shop still remain here
but there is no fire, no bellows with a grimv.
swarthy, stalwart blacksmith swaying on the
handle with one hand while he gently pokes
the burning coal in the forge with the other
There is no Smoke here and no flying sparks,
nor is there the long familior oder of the burns
ing hoof when the hot shoe is laid against it
These places are horseshoeing parlors ; 4

One of these uptown oecupies a lone ream
that was designed fora ste ina building that
stands onacorner  Theshop proper, ocespy ing
the greater part of the space, opened on the side
street ‘The offlee, or reception room, of the
horseshoeing parlor at the front end of the store
ocoinies a square of space, of the width of t) a
building and running back about twenty feet
where an office railing is placed, dividing the
reception room from the blacksr shop

  
  

 

   

On the floor of the offic woreception room
there is a two-hundreddollar rug: there are
comfortable chairs about, for visitors or for

customers waiting: there ts a desk fort ad
ager, and there are potted paln . or tpe mat
is_ separated from the shop itself only hy that
office railing across the inner end of this reception
room. beyond which one sees down the length
of the shop men busily engaged shoeing

fn this blackemith's shop without a fire.