a

 
 

CALIFORNIA'S BIG TREES:

 

ED GROVES BEING cur

AN
THe FAR t i tnwiNG HASTE.

pows wiTll
a Heritage From For-
Lameeree vty of the Sequotas~Pab-
ta oad Private Holdings ~Retimates
of Their Great Age Danger of Extinction,
just been issued by the
iture from the pen of Mr.
Government  foreater,
cerwhelming evidence that Cali-
trigedy is drawing to a
is about to fallon the last
act, to the shame not only of the State but of
the nation and of the world. For motives of
money merely, ahe far famed big trees are
being cut down with alarming haste, and
ecareely a finger is being ralaed to prevent
therextinetion, Theery of “Save the forests
always nrouses in lovera of nature a pathetic
interest, even though in this country it is too
rarely heeded ‘There is a peculiar pathos
about the looting of timber land, however
necessary it must be, and even though the trees
destroved are of the commonest kind
Rut the big trean of California are a heritage
from former ages. Before man came to earth
they grew as ther grow tr -day on the slopes of
the Sierra Nevada. They bind us to the tertiary
They alone of all the animal and vege-
e prehistoric days have sur-
eived the manifold viclss tudes of nature, to die
atlisthy the hand of man. Those of the trees
| etand to-day with thelr towering

Aterort whieh hes

Department of Aet
Gifford Pinchot, the
shows with
fornia'a greatest

close, The curtain

age
table life of the

  

whieh still
tons piercing the skies are the oldeat of all
living things Already when Christ came to

earth had they risen to lofty grandeur. The
life of our nation—a century anda quarter only

is but a minute of their time, Alone in the
world, eave for their kindred few on a narrow
it three hundred miles in length, growe
| eroves, sadly thinned already
by fire and

strip?
{ng only in smal
by the axe and the anger,
atorm, ther awalt the doom which is theira, be-
trunks, when felled, can be

scarred

enuse their great
transformed into dollars and cents

Much has heen written upon this subfect and
apneala have bean made that the few re-

man
maining specimens of the greatest and the
most Interesting trees of the world might be
spared. Posaibly it ia not lust to blame the

tothe lumber
they could

owners of the groves for selling

 

companies, It may be argued that
not afford to keen such valuable property and
ahtain no retum from it Possibly neither
ehould the lumber comnantes he blamed for

thelr attack on the trees Yoeoars of forest
elaue@hter have made such men callons to the
heaute and erandenr of traes as trees. They
aeainthem only their worth as lumber It is

their business to cutdown trees, and if matters
notte them whether they destroy one that has
lasted throurh the 'ife of all the world’s great
empires omone that has merely seen the rise and
fall ofa Tatin renublic

When one considers the magnificent character
af it seems wonderfni that at their
threatened annihilation there has not arisen
aueha clamor from the people aa ro foree Con-
Thev arethe

hese trees

greasto take uction to save them
grandest, the largest, the oldest and the most

maiestically graceful of all the trees on the
earth. Coming tousas they do through the
changeful centuries, solely because of their

@inerh qualifications it seemsa nity that they
should be permitted to perish. Were the van-
dal hand of man staved they would be safe for
centuries, avem though never a new tree were
to crow

The oldest enecimens felled are still sound at
the heart, and fungus is an enemy unknown to
them. With these advantages {it mizht be im-
agined that the big trees would increase their
range, but they have not done so. Ever since
the comparatively few survivors of the glacial
epoch were left on the slopes of the Sierras
thee have prospered only there. The elimate
{n that little strete') seems to have been favor-
able to them and they have managed to
hold their own

They are found nowhere elsa in the world
EYorts have been made to wrow them in Ene-
land and inthe Fastern States of this country,
but ther have not heen attended with success
There are two small trees in Rochester, N. ¥
which have attaineda height of forty feet and
nossibly in 500 veors, if thev live, ther may at-

 

inst

tain something of (he greatnes of thelr Cali-
forr{a fathers

In California the Big Tree, or Sequoia, ff the
hotanieal name is preferred, ts found only tn

amall groves scattered along the west slope of
the Sierra Nevada, from the middle fork of the
American Riverto the head of Deer Creek, a
distance of 240 The re-
it ten and the total number
in these croups mist be limited

miles utmost search

vental ain erouns,
of sizable tree
to feures in
the plain tr

 

thousands, It is,

ith that al

the yreover,
ens which

it exceed 500

the aneen

eirsize dot

 

{n number

The Calaveras grove, which was the first tobe
dleovered, boasts
trees, the most uncontaminated surroundings
and practically all the literary and scientific
associations of the species, It is situated inthe
near the Stanislaus River

of the biggest and the talleat

 

 

county of that nam

It occuplesa belt 3,200 feet long by 700 feet
broad There are between 90 and 100
tress of large size inthe ercove anda consider-
able number of smaller ones, on the ont-
tkirts. It was discovered in 1841 by John Bid-
well,

Many rears ago one of the finest treesin the
grove was stripred of its bark to a height of
116 feet above the ground The bark thus re-
moved wasexhibited in the Crystal Palace in
England where it was later destroved by fire.
Tt was owned by J. 1. Sperry until very recent-
Ir, when hesoldittoa lumberman, who came
into full peasesion on April 1, 1900 It is said
on good authority that this crove is about to be
sacrificed inthe interest of pecuniary gain

Six mile ilaveras grove is
the Stanislaus grove. which is said to contain
about one and has also
heen recently sold by Mr. Sperry. Twenty-five
miles southeast of the last-mnentioned grove ia
one known by the name of Tuolumne. Someof
the trees here are very large, but on the whole
of not suc’) magnificence as those of the Cala-
veras grove

The Mariposa erove lies about sixteen miles
south of the lower hotel of the Yosemite valley
It is owned by the State of California, having
heen ceded t» it by the United Statea {n 1865
Theextent of the Mariposagrant is two square
miles, or roughiy only about 4 per cent. of the
total! area upon which the big tree grows. This
{a the on!y grove which is now completely pro-
tected from the lumberman’s axe,

The other groves are known as the Fresno,
the Kings ind Kaweah rivers, the North Fork
Tule River, the South Fork Tule River, the
Merced andthe Dinky. The Fresno grove is
controlled ty the Sanger Lumber Company
and, of is doomed, The United States
ownand in part control two considerable areas
within the Sequoia and General Grant National

ss eoutheaat of the ¢

thousand

course,

parks. The General Gront Park touches
on the Kings River and Kaweah River
crove The Sequoia Park touches on part of

the Tule River
afforded however, is vacne

There are seven valid private holdings
amounting 19 over 1,000,000 acres along the weat
and south boundarie. of the Sequoia Park and
aneqnaliv good private holding of 180 acres in
the General Grant Park It is also true that on
the edge of ench of these groves there ia
now a sawmill operating upon thetrees, Itis
not possible to as-ert what proportion of these
parks contain bigtrees or just what the private
tracts comprise, but it is certain that the Gov-
ernment holdings tn big tree timber are imper-
fectly defined and poorly protected

The extreme age obtained by the big tree is
etillan unsettied question Statements on the
subject vary considerably, some appearing
1o be exaggerations. One greit diffeultw tn
settling the question of age for existing trees is
the lack ofa proper number of trunk sections
on whieh to count the rings of annual growth,
thus giving unquestionably data on age

Ring countings from prostrate or burned or
decaved trunks and sections of trees felled for
other purposes than ring countings have largely
furnished the basis of the age estimates made
«o far. and from these countings age estimates

crove. The protection thus

 

Se

have been made for trees of other sizes which
could not, of course, be cut down. It isthe
opinion of experts that the average rat» of
growth is one inch of diameter for every twelve
years, which would make a tree twenty-five feet
through 3,600 years old. John Muir, in an article
discussing the age of the big tree some years
ugo, wrote:

“Under the most favorable conditions these
giants probably live 5,000 years or more,
though few of even the larger trees are more
than half as old. I never saw a big tree that
had died a natural death: barring accidents
they seem to be immortal, being exempt from
all the diseases that afflict and kill other trees,
Unless destroyed by man they live on indefi-
nitely until burned, smashed by lightning, or
cast down by storms, or by the giving way of
the ground on which they stand, The age of
one that was felled in the Calaveras Grove, for
the aake of having its stump for a dancing
floor, was about!,300 years, and |ts diameter,
measured across the stump, twenty-four feet
inside the bark

“Another that was cut down in the Kings
River forest was about the same size, but
neariy a thousand years older (2,200 years),
though not a very old-looking tree. It was
felled to procure a section for exhibition, and
thus an opportunity was given to count its an-
nual rings of growth. The colossal scarred
rnonument in the Kings River forest mentioned
above is burned half through, and I spent a day
in making an estimate of ita age, clearing away
the charred surface with an axe and carefully
counting the annual rings with the ald of a
pocket lens

“The wood rings in the section I laid bare
were £9 Involved and contorted in some places
that T was not able to determine its age exactly,
but I counted over 4,000 rings, whioh showed
that this tree wasin its prime, swaying in the

 

Sierra winds, when Christ walked the earth. No
other tree inthe world, as far as I know, has
looked down on so many centuries as the
Sequoia. or opens such impressive and st-

gestive views into history

In the northern groves there {s very little
natural reproduction of thebia tree. In the
southern groves the tendency to reproduction
ismore marked This isespecially true along
the Tule River where there are voung trees !n
abundance and of almost every age. The dis-
couraging aspect of this is that the groves
where the young trees are growing are at pres
ent likely tobe cut down and should this hap-
pen the reproduction noted will avail little in
perpetuating the species, as without the pro
tecting influence ofthe mother forest the young
trees are sire to die

There are two great obstacles to reprodue-
tion. Wherever cattle or sheep are allowed to
graze through the grove the seedlings are killed
Fireis the other destroying agent When the
trees have atta'ned their full growth, tire does
little damage, as the mature bark is alrnost non-
combustible, But with the yvourg trees this is
not true, and forest fires are exceedingly dee
structive of them,

The methods emploved by the limbermen tn
getting out their lumber are destriuctivetoa
most unusual degree. In the first place, the
enormous sizeand welght of the trees entail con-
siderable breakage when one of them falls. Sue
atree strikes the ground with a force of many
hundreds or even thousands that
even slight inequolities are « Micient to smash

of tons, so

the brittle trunk at its upper extremity into
almost useless fragments

The great daneter of the logs and their
enormous weight make it impossible to handle

 

many of them without breaking them up. For
this purpose gunpowder is the most available
means The fragments of logs blown apart in
this wav are not only often of wasteful shapes,
but unless very nice judgment is exercised in
preparing the blast, a great d of wood Itself
isscattcred nto useless splinters

Atthemill, where the waste is the rule of

the manufacture of lumber in the United States,
the big tree ix noexception. This waste, added
asitis totheother sources of makes a
total probably often in excess of half the yol-
ume of the standing tree

And this is only one side of the matter. The
big tree stands asa rule in a mixed forest com-
posed of many species. The destruction cansed
by the fall of enormoua trees isin itself ereat,
but the principal damage is the im-
mense amount of débris left on the ground -the
certain soures of future fires This
broken branches, trunks and bark is often five
orsix feet in thickness and gives
rise to fires of great destructive power, even
though the big tree wood is not espteially in-
flammable

The devastation whic’: follows such lumber-
ing is as complete and deplorable as the tn-
touched forest Is unparalleled, beautiful and
worthy of preservaton. As a rule it hasnot
even had the advantage of be ne profitable
Very much of this appalling destruction has
been done without leaving the owners of the
big trees aa well off aa before it began

STORM MOVED ABI

source ol

mass of

necessarily

 

—

CHICK'S BARN,

When He Conidn't Hanlt His Hay Up to It the
BRailding Kindly Slid Downbil!,

 

BEDDINGTON, Me, Oct) 10—Forty veara
ago Abel Chick came out to Beddington and
put up a house on top of the Whale’s Back

intending to run it as a half-way hotef on the
old air line road froin Bangor to Calais He
did a fair witil Puropean and
North American Railroad was pushed through
the woods from BangortoSt John N B, whera
the Canadian Pacific caught up the passengers
and whirled them to Calais in
a horse could travel from Bangor to Chick's
hotel After that, as his patrons fell aways,
Chick took up farming He ent large quanti-
of hay, which sold to the operators
who were going woods His build-
ings, however, stood on the top of the steeple

business the

less time than

tes he

into the

 

hill in New England. the land sloping away
on both sides like the roof of a house  Relow
him was a square mile of meadow land that
vielded two tons of hay to the acre, and so
rich that he could mow it for veara without
having to put in any fertilizere The only

trouble was to provide storage for the hay
until the lumbermen came along to buy it

Chick had a great barn on the hilltop near
his home, but hauling the hay up the ascent

took off all the profits For several vears
he stacked his crop where if was cut) Then
the deer huntera came, pitching their tents

and kindling their flres in the woods near by,
and the flres spread, consuming the stacks
hefore the snow fell As Chick conld not af-
ford to lose his only means of getting a living
and as the companies would not insure hay
in the stack, he made up his mind to move
his barn from the hilland placeit onthe meadow
in the middle of his hayflelds All last summer
he worked many days hauling stones and get-

 

 
  

ting out timnbers for a foundation, on which
to rest the barn after-he had guided it down
the hill He finished the joh about Oct 1
Then he spent a few days in making cables

fast to lar@e trees
the progress of 1}

norder to control or check
e building, should it attempt

to take the deseent on a run On Saturday
night preparations for the hazardous labor
were completed Monday ne@rning it was
raining hard, so work was detaved until the
storm should clear off

Karly Tnesday morning Chick started for
his barn withalanterntofeed jis horses. When

he arrived where the barn had been for more
than twenty-five vears it was not there, though
there was a hole in the ground to show where
the cellar had been. A barn that was 100 feet
long, 40 feet wide and 20 feet high would seem
to be an easy thing to discover in an open
eountry, but Chick hunted for more than an
hour before he found what he sought. The
barn had been lifted off its underpinning and
puton long timbershoesso it would not plough
up the land in its path. During the night
the rain had penetrated the clav bank where
the barn stood and had made it so soft and
squashy that the entire hillside had conchided
tomove downtothe meadow. The barn, which
was on top of the mass of earth, had ridden
down the hill as safely asa privileged spectator
on board a new ship at the launching

The portable hill of elav had stopped about
a quarter of ainile short of the spot where Chick
had built a foundation for the barn's recen-
tion, but as the transported earth was in the
form of a hill, and lifted the barn far above

  

 

   
 
 

 

 

possible contact with water, Chick will put
In a few stones for underpinning and let the
building remain where the storm deposited
It. He says the landslide saved him an ex-
penditure of more than $200

The Intelligence of a San" Reader

 

makes hima safe person to treat with, Bear thisin
mind tf your goods to be disposed of have value. An
advertisement in THE SUN will lead to a ready mar-
ket and desirable purchasers —Ada

THE SUN, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.

 

MOST DELICATE OF SCALES

USED TO DO THE GOVERNMENT
WEIGHING AT WASHINGTON,

Even the Heat of the Body Affects the Instra-
ment and the We'ghing Is Done From Afar
~Tho Standard Kilogramme and Metre

Other Standards Urgently Needed.

In the windowless basement room, originally
built for a coal vault, of an old mansion near
the national Capitol in Washington is mounted
the most delicate pair of scales in the United

States To these scales is intrusted the work

of doing the Government's weighing. They

are part of the equipment of the Treasury De-
partment's Bureau of Weights and Measures
which is attached to the Coast Survey, though

 

 

why this should be so nobody has ever ade-
quately explained e
So delicate are these scales that they will

weigh accurately a ten-millionth part of a gram
They are so sensitive that the warmth given
off by the body of a person approaching them
near enough to open the glass case or to shift
the weights, would expand the balance arms
and produce an appreciable error in the results
‘Therefore they have been so constructed that
they may be operated at a distance of twenty
feet It is not necessary to open the case or
to go near the machine even toshift the weights
Three long brass rods extend from the base of
the case containing the scales, and at the ex-
tremity of each is a wheel, and by turning these
wheels the weights may be shifted from one
pan to another, or any other necessary oper-
ations condueted The readings are made
through a small telesecope mounted where the
Operator stands
Too late it was discovered that the establish-
ment of the instrument in a corner of the room
was a mistake The fact that one wall is three
feet away and the opposite one nine feet, has
amarked effectonthescales. Onthe side where
the wall is close the temperature is different
from the other aide, and whenever the instru-
ment is used it has been found necessary to
surround it with large sheets of asbestos paper
Resides this, the attraction of the wall for the
metal in the scale beams has to be taken into
account

lhese are only a few of the things which
have to be allowed for in doing a fine job of
Large corrections have to be made
humidity and density of
With each weighing there must be a
reading of the barometer and
livdrometer and corrections to correspond to
the conditions existing at the In Ger-
many there are scales so built that the weighing
in be conducted in a vacuum, but this Govern-

weighing
for the temperature,
the air

thermometer,
time
ment owns no such apparatus

Incredible as if may seem the difference of
the centre of the earth,

in ineh or two from

thousands of miles away, causes an appreciable
variation in the wel@ht of the objects This
ix illustrated by placing two equal weights

side by side in each pan, when the beam shows
no varation. But place one ofthe weights on
topof the otherin one pan, leaving the other pair
» by «ide in the other pan, and the balance
il! be disturbed) The weights used in this
experiment are scarcely two inches in height,
so that the difference in distance from the earth's
dered in comparison fo the distance

  

  

tre, cor
nfinitesimal

4 still further allowance ts demanded by
racy Even in a fifteen-
hundred-dollar Rupbrecht instrument, like
the owned by the Government bureau,
it is not pretended that the two arms cf the
balance are of the same length. Official Veri-
fler Frank A. Wolff says that no seales were
ever built in which the arms were of exactly
the same Jength. ‘The only thing to do there-
fore is to check up the error by weighing al-
ternately on one side and the other, and then

  

tifle hon

sclet

one

uveraging the results

The standard from which measures of length
and mass are derived are stored in the same
building near the Capitol. The standard of
tiass ts a evlindricaleshaped piece of whitish
metal about the sigeofatennis ball) Thestand-
ard of length is a bar of the same silver-like
metal about three feet long anda little less than
an inch square. Each face is deeply grooved
and in one of the grooves at either end isa
polished spot on which three delicate hate Ines
are marked. ‘The middle one of these lines
determines the end of the bar Ihe bar isa
standard metre, and the cylindrical weight
standard kilogramme. The material
chthey are made isa mixture of plat-
tinum and iridium, the latter being added to
wive additional hardness to the metal which
above all othersis recognized asthe most dura-
ble. The value of the metal alone in this stand-
ard metre is $1,500, but it has a much greater
value from the labor expended in making it per-

 

is) 6the

 

from wl

tec tly ace irate
The kilogramme and metre standards are

the result of fifteen vearsa’ labor by a joint con-
vress of scientists, supported by seventeen of
the leading civilized nations. The Inter-
national Metric Convention was organized ip
875, and on June 2, 18%, the President
of the United States broke the seal of
the standard kilogramme and metre which
fell to the share of this country, and in

the presence of the Secretary ot the Treasury
and a number of invited guests, assembled
in the Cabinet room of the Exeeutive Mansion,
declared them oMecially adopted

originals have been used but once
since. This was when a very accurate copy
was made from each for practical use by the
Government bureau in regulating the standard

Phese

weights and measures of the country The
original kilogramme was then placed under
two glass bell jars which were locked and

sealed. No human hand has touched 4he kilo-
gramme since it left the makers in Paris; what
little handling has been necessary has been done
with a pair of special forceps vered with
soft chamois skin This is to prevent increase
of weurht by the adhesion of minute quantities
foreign substances, or decrease of weight
an abrasion
It has not been found necessary to exercise
an @jual degree of care in preserving the stand-
ard metre. a little moisture or dirt would not
lengthen or shorten the metallic bar, Never-
theless it is kept in a case of velvet surrounded
with wood and protected on the outside by a
heavy iron eylinder with a screw cap. It is re
moved only on special occasions

July 28, 1886, Congress passed an act making
the metric system lawful throughout the United
States and defining the weights and measures
in common use in terms of the units of this
syvatem. The Government mint, however, has
a aystem of iteown. By a special act of Con-
gress passed in 1828 the Troy pound was made
the standard for weighing the Government
bullion, and a prototype obtained the previous
year from London and made by Gallatin, was
declared standard

Although there has been no adequate legis-
Jationon the subject, the Government attempts
ina haphazard sort of way to supply the States
with accurate atandards of the ordinary pound,
bushel and gallon used in everyday commercial
transactions. Each State is supposed to have
a full set of the Government prototypes, and
the bureau at Washington is now engaged in
making two sets, for recently admitted States
of the Far West. Each State is supposed to
have an official sealer of weights and measures
with a corps of inspectors under him: and then
each municipality or township is supposed to
have its duly appointed authorities who have
their working copies of the standard measures
and see that tradesmen do not employ false
scales in dealing out their wares to the people

That is the theory of it: the wavy it works out
in is very different) The carefully
worked standards which are furnished
by the Government are usually stored in cellars
vaults and their very existence

of
by

practiors
out

or unused

forgotten In one of the Eastern States
it was discovered recently that the gold-
plated half-bushel standard measure was

being used to feed the horse belonging to the
Assistant Chief of the Fire Department, the
standard pound weight was busy holding a door
open; the gallon measure found its ephere
of usefulness as a cuspidor and the smaller
prototypes al! had iobs as paper weights In
another State the custodian bored a hole in

ithe standard of liquid measure and Atted it

 

 

 

with a spigot in order to facilitate the measur-
ing operations,

Sometimes the State officials begin to sus-
pect that their measures are in need of polishing
up and they send them to Washington for re-
newal. Thus weights which never should be
handled except with specially devised inetru-
ments come in battered and bruised and cor-
roded until ther have not a suggestion of ac-
ouracy about therm

There ie no doubt that the public is cheated
dally in a thousand small ways by false weights
and measures. There is acertain style of scales
In common which the Government ex-
perts say should be absolutely forbidden. This
is the scale which bas two pans supported on
uprights which rise from a horizontal bar bal-
anced in the middle on a pivot. The balance
tuay be perfect and the weights up to standard,
and yet the customer may have short weight
wivern to him by the simple device of placing
the weight on the outside of the pan and the
merchandise on the side nearest the pivot
Thus one arm of the balance is lengthened and
the other shortened in the interest of the dealer

The advent of electricity and the general
advancement of science has brought uew work
to the Bureau of Weights and Measures. It
has also emphasized the need of adequate legis-
lation under the constitutional power to pro-
vide the country with uniform standards
All over the land people are paying for electric
light: and yet they have no standard by which

tee

 

|

to measure it or to gauge the size of their bills |
| at the Grand Central Station and starts in to

exappt the say-so of the company which fur-
nishes it
and the ohm, which is borrowed from
many, may be a big or a little ohm as it
the company to make it. There is no standard
candle power, and there is no way for a cus-
tomer to know whether his lamp is of a certain
brillianee or not The same principle applies
to the seale of electrie power for the running
of machinery The United States have bought
some testing apparatus for measuring volts
and olims from Germany, but effort has
been made to furnish standards to the Statas
The appropriation for this purpose has been
entirely inadequate

here is alrnost no oceupation where the
need of accurate standards of some kind is not
felt. For example, it is said that it is almost
impossible to get an accurate clinical ther-

mometer A physician happens tohave a high
registering justrument, and all the patients
he is called upon to examine show an alarming
tenjperature A surveyor has a wrong tape
and years later the error results in a lawsuit
and great Not long ago a discrepancy
amounting to $50,000 between a bill of lading

Ger-
suits

no

 

loss

and the goods delivered was traced to a de-
fective hydrometer used to gauge aleoholic
spirits. Inthe customs duty on sugar, Che im-

portations of which amount to a hundred
tnillion dollars a vear, an error of the smallest
fraction in one of the sinall flasks used in the
tests will cause a difference in the amount of
receipts amounting to thousands of dollars
The need for uniformity in the customs was
recognized in 1880, when an investigation showed
¢

hk

‘

 
 

at discrepancies resulting ino such serious
ss to the Government that the Seeretary
ry was compelled to take action
without waiting for Congress

The question of establishing
Standardizing Bureau will come
gress at next winter's session \ bill was in-
troduced last December and was favorably
reported by the House committee having ft in
charae The Senate Committee on Conmerce
has not yet given it consideration, It is prop-
posed to create a bureau with authority to un-
dertake all functions contemplated by the
clause inthe Constitution relative to"fxing the
standard of weights and measures.”

FARLY NEGRO MINSTRELS

 

 

f the Treas

an American
before Con-

Edwia Forrest and Joseph Jefferson Appeared
tn Barnt Cork.

From the Philadelphia Saturday Kverning Poat

About thirty or forty vears ago, when Edwin

Forrest was in the heyday of his popularity
he went lp to a Western town, the exact location
of which I do not recall, and played to such
large audiences during his stay that on the
morning he was to leave he remarked to the

manager that tbe was surprised to find such a
cultured town and = tha t could furnish such
large audiences for Sha! earean plays

Phe minstrels are her replied the manager

  

“What has that got to do with it’ asked the
tragedian :
"Why, the minstrels play in the afternoon

and the people come into town to see them
then, having nothing to do in the evening, they
comehere

Perhaps the manager was attempting to be
funny and exaggerated mnatters. But there is
a foundation tor the story, a4 one Whose merm-
ory goes back thirty of forty vears will admit

Negroijiistrelsy to-day lias se tledintoaregu
larthing people go to ashow enjoy it, inemorize
the “gags,” work them off with an unconscions
and spontaneous air on less fortunate friends,
and then walt for the return of the show to lay

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 

 

 

in a new supply But ¢ e was a tlne when
minstrelsvy bad a beginning, Just like the earth
and Adam and Eve, and it was a beginning
with a boom, and everything else gave way
before it

Pher is some disagreement as to which
was the first minstrel organization, but un-
do it was Christy's minstrels that first
spread the fame of the organized troupe and
made ession on the country And as
for its on the Old World, where the
band made its home for several vears, Thack-
erav ht f stands witness Christy became
svnonyiious with the word ininstrel, as my own
experience well attests

A minstrel in this country has the satisfaec-

tion of knowing that he is working in a kind
of amusement that is the genuine product of
America Ll suppose, however, that) Shake
speare put the first negro on the stage (a Moor

  

to him was a negro), but Othello ‘was not a
minstrel, he played a heavier line of business,
From almost the beginning of American stage
history there were uegroes of the minstrel
VarietY impersonated onthe stage, though it

was not until about the “40s that they were or-
gavizedinto bands. Some of the greatest actors
of later days had their experience as minstrels,
among them Joe Jefferson and Edwin Forrest
Forrest was given a negro “song and dance
act” to do when he was very vouna, and after
he had studied it up he asked where was the
“old negro lady” that was to act as his assistant
in the piece. The toanagement tried several
of the women who were mnembers of the com-

pany, but none of them would consent to
blacken up, and, in fact, they were very in-
dignant over fhe proposition The actor,
however, was not easily discouraged, and on

 

the night of the first performance he blackened
up and went around the corner to an old negro
wotnan Who did his washing

“Hello, Dinah,” he said on entering
vou be er feelin’ dis bery fine eben ng?”
* “Hello, vo',” replied the African lady
to meyo' amer bery fresh nigger

“Tse no nigger,” answered Forrest, and then
time being rather short, he assumed his natural
voice and told Dinah, much to her surprise, that
he was Forrest, the actor, and that he wanted
her to go on the stage with him that night and
laugh loudly at frequent. intervals which
was all the female part called for. The two
made a great hit, and were kept on for some
time, which goes to show that Forrest might
have been a good minstrel had he been of an
ainbitious nature

The point is that when the minstrel bands
were taking on character and shaping them-
selves for the future the women refused to take
part, which, without being ungallant, L think
was just as well :

The minstrel organization as it is known to-
day was brought about by the wonderful suc-
cess that certain men. made as individuals
Most of these men are but dimly remembered
to-dav. One of them, curious to relate, was
John B. Gough afterward famous as a temper-
ance orator. Another was the famous Thomas
D. Rice, whose Jim Crow belongs to the his-
tory of nations. How Jim Crow found his
way on the stage is an Interesting part of the
story of minstrels)

In 1820, while Rice was doing a small negro
act at the Louisville Theatre, he happened to
look out of the back window, which faced a
stable kept by an old and broken-dewn negro
called Jim Crow. One of Crow's shoulders
was much lower than the other, his left leg
was stiff and crooked at the knee, so that when
he walked he went up and down in a most lu-
dicrous fashion :

This dav he was standing in the vard hum-
ming a peculiar tune to himself, the words of
which were his own When he had finished
a verse he would give a jumping step, which
has since become famous as ‘rockin’ de heel.”
The refrain of his song was

W heel about, turn about,
Do Jes so

An’ ebery time I wheel abou.
Ljump Jim Crow

Rice saw that here was something new
studied the old man, made the tune a little
bit more lively, wrote a number of new verses,
and copying the original very closely in make-
up appeared as Jim Crow at the Louisville
Theatre He was recalled more than twenty
times the first night, and always after was
known as Jim Crow Rice

In 1833 when Joe Jefferson was only 4 yeara
of age, Rice appeared at a benefit at the Jeffer-
son Theatre in Washington, and carried the
little fellow on the stage in @ hag, costumed
and blackened exactly like the Jim Crow Rice
As Rice shambled on the stage he sang this
couplet

Ladies and gentiemen, I'd hare you for to know

I'se gota litthe darky here to Jump Jim Crow,

Whereupon he emptied the bag, and those
who were present say that little Joe immedi-
ately assumed the attitude of the elder Jim
Crow, and danced and mimicked Rice in a way
that caused the audience to cheer

So there was a great minstrel lost toronthe
the world.

“How

“Pears

There is no legal standard of measure |

He |

   

 

THE DEACON’S LOVE LETTER

HE PRINTS AND DISTRIBUTES AN
APPEAL FOR A MUSICAL WIFE,

to New York ta Search ofa
“Kind, Healthy Maiden or Widow Lady With
Good Hearing and Good Memory" Allur-
ing Description of Domestic Happiness,

Women of musical propensities, and of any
age, may expect at any time a visit’ from
Deacon S'ephen IT Meech of Preston City, Conn
The Deacon is due in town this week with the
fourth edition of ‘S. T. Meech's Printed
Pervonal Love Leiter.”

‘The last time the Deacon struck New York he
distr buted a number of copies of this appeal,
but he did not achieve his heart's de-ire. For
years the Deacon has tried to keep up
with the idea that somewhere in Greater New
York -for the Deacon deinands city gracos

a woman who can sing, piay, pray and
make hot buiseults is waiting marry
him, For somereason he takes no chances
with possible candidates in Preston City, Conn.,,
and there is a dark suspicion up there that he
spends a large share of a good country produce
income in matrimonial advertisements without
result. Atany rate, oncesin three months the
Deacon packs his grip, puts on his meeting-
house clothes, rollaun a package of his printed
personal love letters and comes to town, When
he arrives be leaves his gripin the parcel room

 

Freqaent Tr

  
 

lo

work up the business he has thought out in his
seclusion. He always fails but persever-
ance is amazing

On the @sth of last April the author of a mu-
sical toxt book received at her residence a letter
mailed from Preston City, Conn’ by the Deacon
He said he had just bought her work, admired
it, and included her in his comprehensive love
for women of musical eulture Hesaid he felt
that she would repay investigation and that he
proposed to look her up when next he came to
town. Meanwhile, he would be glad to be put
right to her age, appearance, temper and
general habits. Would she Nobody
could have written the letter but the Deacon
himself. It reeked with rhetoric and was full of
bisown unbridled personality. But the author
of the work on music paid no attention to lt,
The Deacon did not app al to her imagination,
and her sense of propr ety was shocked

On the 4th of September the Deacon called at
her house and learned that she had moved. He
followed the trail and rang the doorbel| at her
new home at "45 on the same after-
noon, The private secretary of the «
is her niece, who answered the ring at the door
of the apartment, What follows is her indig-
nant description of the proceedings

“He looked like a most respectable old gentle-
man, but didn't remember who he was until
later, so I stepped outside in the hall and closed
the door behind me. Ile grasped me warmly
by the hand and said he was very glad to meet
me, When Ltold him that lL was not my aunt,
butiny aunt's private secretary, he scid he was

is

oblige?

ociocds

Mmposer

 

very much disappointed, but I looked like
the sort of person he was looking for." (The
Hiece is a very com young Woman )
He said he didn't want to see my aunt's
public or private seeretary, but the lady
herse.f, andlay his heart and fortune at her
feet. I don't fauey he had much of a fortune,
judg ng from his clothes, buy then you know

itarman from the
h an extraor-

you can't tell anything abo
way be drsses And then su
dinary o'd gentleman to want to get married!
He was about 7u vears old, with a shiny bald
head and a few white burs curling behind his
ears, be hada stubbiv, bristly, white beard, and
litle, leering, black eyes Before I could say
another word he hauded meout what l thought
Was aprontedcircularand this is it Did you
ever see anything so ridiesicus in your life?”
Thee reular is as follows
PRESTON CLYTY, ¢ )
WEDNESDAY, fFuly ts, boa)

MEKCH'S PRINTED PLESONAL LOVE LETIER.
Being « kind, healthy, well-
toedo Bachelor, worth about $10,000, Stephen
‘lb. Meech has much by associating little
with ladies, whose company greatly improves
gentlemen Rach sex prefers the company of
the other to that of its own At my advanced
age, iy hearing abd my memory are linpere-
fect. Are vou a kind, healthy, maiden ot
widow lady with good hearing aud good mene

ONN., )

7
Dean Mabam

 

   

  

ory? Whether ye be yuile or not, this Love
Latter hos wnportant weas about Music and
Worda

lam a boas singer: but | have never tried to
play a tune ons miustieal instrument. Being
very ond of # sacred ati ilar music,
especially of good sacred music, 1 have oue
Reed organ of five or es (that sounds much
like a Pipe ofgan), ot Reed organ of 7 1-3
octaves (on which all organ and plano music

can be plaved!, and one Upright plano also of
7 i-4 octaves (that Was exhibited in the World's
Fair at Chicago), three new choice musical ine
struments Will vou be iy fine player on
them, my sweet aopr psttwer, my wise talker
my plain writer, my clear reader, aud my wd

  

  
   

 

 

   

 

hotisekee Without your fine playing, I
might well be without my fine inatrumenta. Rut,
with your fine playing, you and | would greatly
enjoy thei d uvic at home, sweet home
Besides having muany iper choice musical
and other works, U lately bought for $49 “The
Music of the Modern World and for $16.65
The World's Best) Mn Wo Hew compres
hensive precious miusteal works

If our mutual love be large, we may greatly
gratity each other, by bowing to each other,
by shaking hands with each other, by Kissing
each other, by arming each other, by walking
with each other, by embracing each other, by
sitting witheach other, and by sitting In each
other's lap. As husband and wife o1 each
other, if our mutual love be small, v would
have little mutual happiness, and little delight
in eac other's close company Ghir mutual
love should be large, and we should both be

true Christians

Herald Mrs. Margaret E.

   

In the Christan
Sangster well saves Men like petting, cone
sideration, and gentle thought. Ao iman is
alwayay to the end of his life, a big boy He

  

loves t@ be eared for, to have all his comforts
seen to Without fliss; he enjoys being
stantly made much If vou be any
would you thus kindly care for me?

Will your love for S. ‘T. Meech
Always precious favors reach’
Will you play, sing, talk, write
‘To supply my social need?

of.’ Wife,

read,

It your major muste be
Joyful to a great degree
Let your minor music sweet
Platnitve sentiment complete

Finely play and sweetly sing
Precious tunes to which we cling
With pronunctation clear,

Plainly sing thelr words quite dear

Let your talk be very wise;

Let your writing charm our eyes
let your reading very good

Oft be heard and understood,

If you thus my spirit cheer,

1 would be your friend quite dear
If we both kind partners be,

We would much enjoy ment see

Shall Ll be your lucky cholee,
Always traking you rejoice?
Will you be my loving wife,
Till L leave my earthly life’

Tet us tunes and words unfold
Tet us both be Christians bold,
Tet us both each other love
Here, and in our home above

‘Two housekeepers | have bad
So unkind they made me sad
Will you satisfy my mind
With one that is rery dina?

‘Try our married life and see
Happiness for you and me
Playing, singing, reading, sweet
Would our pleasure oft complete

Music's charms for young and old
Would delight us more than gold
Tunes and Words quite sweet and strong
Would lead us with Lovely Song

Notwithstanding our great difference of age,
with our large mutual love, our disagreements
could be kindly compromised, and our agree-
ments would maké us truly happy

“The effect of Saad uate ta not caused by tta

 

novelty. On the contrary, tt strikes ua more the
more we are familiar with it “MUSIC, WHEN
COMBINED WITH WORDS, HAS ITS
GREATEST POWER. Music wluminatea ferl-
ing, and appropriate worda vluminate muare

Plaintive sentiment ia beat expressed by good
minor music well performed Recast both the

aentiment and muaic are alike

Proposing to be your loving husband, will
you be my kind wife on the termes of this printed
personal love letter?

As soon as you have carefully perused this
letter, please without fail to answer it. If you
be my musical wife, and if the [rasona be needed
hy you, please, at my expense, to take, of good
teachers, important music lessons in Playing,
Singing, and Harmony According to copy,
please to play, with good expression, all the

 

parts of music, Do you most easily sing ao-
prano?

Good tunes finely played, appropriate words
plainly sung, appropriate «rds plainly
spoken, and good housekeeping well done,
are some of my most important hobbies

Indiatinet pronunciation of the words ta my great-
eat fault with singing generally, and with apeak-
ing frequently hardly expect you to com-
= music, but Harmony lessons help both
composer and the performer of music.

F ial

    

 

 

———

When and where may I visit you? Will you
furnish me your fine photograph, and vour
worthy self as my wite?

Madam, will your love for me

Always true and ardent be’

“Love and love only is the loan for love.”
Yours sincerely,
STEPHEN T. MErcH

“While [ was reading it be told me that it
was the third edition,” continued the niece,
“and | wondered to Whotn he could have sent
all the others, but When I read it LT sort of
jolbed him along, you know

‘Well, [found that he had never! een marr ed
at ail, He said that he had never found any -
body to love him, and that he bad made up hi«
mind to get married before he died or anyhow
dietrying. He said that when he was 4 boy
his father had offereda girlup in Connectiont

 

| a farn: for agreeing to marry hin, but at the

 

last moment she up and married another moun,
which was rather snoippy., don't vou” think’
Although IT don't know ast blame her. ‘Then
there wasagirl in Baltimore. He went down
to Baltimore, it seems, and mnet her, she gave
hin ber photograph and he had an oil paint ne
made from that photog'arh at the cost of $45

''Then he seid, ‘TD writ her a letter savin’ the
rieture was ready for her to see an’ LT was coin’
to bring it down to Baltimore, an’ she writ ine
back areal sassy letter, b'gosh' an’ sald if she
had to see me she didn't want to see the
preture.’

“Then he asked me to sing right there in the
hall! | got a bit frightened then, but it was so
awfully funny, don'tven know? FE told him I
never sang alone and felt for the doorknob: tut
he plopped between me and the door, and he
ai

‘You are only a young girl an’ mebbe you're
'little skeery, but I'm agoin’ to sing for you,

 

beosh, if Lbreak aleg ['in goin’ to sing you
atone ina minormode, mebbe you don't know
the words and mebbe von do, but anvhow I'm

goin’ to let tt off,’ and before T could scream he
bevan to sing ina cracked voice
* Justas lam without one plea,’

and he sang the whole four verses, leaning
against the door, and between each verse he
would pant and glare and then start in again
Then Lhewan to laugh, which was dreadful, of
course, but LT eouldn't heip it; and it's a wou-
derthe janitor didn't comeup. When he was
done singing he still kept hold of the door; and
I wasso weok from laughing that 1 hadn't the

 

| strength toeall for anybody to put him out.

‘Then he said

“"Tecaine down here at a good deal of expense,
b'gosh'! but Lain't doin’ much here unless vou're
willin’ to marry me: be ve?’ T told him I
wasn't andit was timeforhimto goaway By
this tine he bad left the door and T got hold of
the handle and opened it and stepped inside
Then he went away.”

DIVISION OF LABOR IN PARIS,

 

Troubles of an American Exhibitor Who

Wanted a Cement Platform Baile.

althongh it
landed in

of
knowl-

His name might have been Jones,
was something else When he first
France to the putting up
American exhibits his only
the land and its people consisted o
and «of is
received from Various works of fiction, among
whieh “Trilby” held a prominent place. On
the basis of that scant knowledge he had boilt
Freneh were an indies

supervise some
machinery
edge of

schoolbook reminiscences mpressi

ip the theory that the

 

 

trious, polite and intelligent people, although
omew! wiven to frivolity
His opinions received a slight shock in Paris

 

when he discovered that the principal business
of the Exposition officials seemed to be to shrug
their shoulders at inquirers who had not learned
better than to ask questions Jones
learned that most of the foreign tmachinery
exhibits, including those of his own firm, had
been transterred to the annex at Vincennes
because of lack of space within the Exposition
«rounds fhe opening day was approuchine
and time Was preeious Jones did not lose an
hour in repairige to Vincennes, together with a
pair of skilled) American mechanics Perse-
verauee and good lick heleed him to fish lis

soon

 

exhibits out of the general chaos, and the work
of onpacking was soon completed — [It was then
discovered that the plank flooring of the ma-

 

chinery hail was too weak to support a crane
which formed an important part Mt the exhibit
‘The only remedy was to sink @ ceuent plat-
form in the ground and fasten the crane to it
Jones looked up a contractor who agreed
to build the platform without delay. It should
be four fe long, wide and deep Phen he
returned to Paris for the night to take in some
of its pleasures, whieh, however, did not pre-

 

 
  

vent him trom being in Vincennes again at a
very e@eurly yur next dav. He found his own
workmen cursing in helpless despair. Four
Freneh artisans were coutentedly smoking

thelr pipes seated on barrels of cement whieh
were grouped around the spot where the plat-
form was to go down

4 hole diwst be cut in the flooring before
we can put in the cement,” explained ope who
appeared to be a foreman

"Well, cut it, erled Jones “I have already
secured permission for you to do it

Oh. ho, vrotested the spokesman. “We
could not do that You must get a curpenter to
eut the planks

It took Jones several hours to find a carpenter

 

and to come to an understanding with hin
The best thing he could doafter that was to
wer some duneh. Made wiser by experience

he prolonged his absence as much as he could
with the result that, when he returned in the
afternoon, he saw a square hole eut in the floor
Around the hole the cement workers were still
ioking on their barrels
Sorry,” began the foreman, “but you'll have
to have a hole dug in the ground before we can
wo ahead.”

Damn both you and your holes!” yelled Jones,
tearing off his coat, “Land my own men will
dix that hole in five minutes.”

Oh, no,” said the Frenchman, You are not
permitted to doit yourself. Yon must get some
other workman to do it

To make the story brief, Jones found some
who were willing to do the job, and he saw
then at work digeing the hole before he turned
his nose toward Paris that night The nest
morning he found the cement barrels just where
they had stood the day ) The four
Frenchinen were still seater the barrels,
smoking and lookita thoroughly satisfied with
the world, ‘The foreman, however, varied the
programme from the preceding day a little
by stepping down when he caught sight of the
American

There is noone heretomix and prepare the

 

   

cement,” he said We never do that our-
selves"

“Anything more that vou don't do vour-
selves?” asked Jones

the foreman replied very
we can go ahead after

No, 1 guess not,’
ously I think
that

It took Jones three days to get that
platform built He will return to the United
States this fall with corrected inipressions of
French traits

just

 

MARBLE CLOCK IN 265 PIECES,

A Big Job In Pasting Undertaken at Detec-
tive McNaoght's Home,

Detective Sergeant Robert McNaught of the
Central Office, who is detailed at the District
Attorney's office, goes to Europe after criminals
than anv of the other detectives on

MeClusky’s staff with the exception
his partner, Detective Sergeant
John Cuff Theother day McNaught walked
into the detectives’ offlee in the Criminal
Court Building, sat down at his desk and held his
head with both hands

Got a headache’” asked Cuff

“Worse than that,” answered
“I'm sick all over.”

You look worried,” said Cuff

So would von, if your wife did it,” replied
MeNaught Yes, John, she did andshedidn't
mean to Youseeit wasthis way, Wehavea
servant girl in the house who smashes glass-
ware every time she washes it. So my wife
well, it's a sad story, John my wife wanted
toclean the clock herself. It was made a present
to me the last time [I was in Paris and the fellow
who gave it to me said it was worth $1,000 be-
cause it Was made of pees of marble found
in all parts of the world. It consisted of 265
different kinds of marble = Just think of that,
John. ‘Two hundred and sixty-five pieces
Well, Mrs MeNaught thought the servant
would break the clock if she attempted to wash
it, so she put on an apron and put the clock in
a boiler of hot water to give it a good washing,
thinking she would surprise me when I got home
Well, John, it's a sad story) When | got home
I found her in the dining room with ves, Jolin,
it's a sad story -I found her trying to paste
the 265 pieces df the clock with a mucilage
brush.”

And what happened, Bob?"

Weill, John, she oiled the clock, and while
she was Washing it it fell apart, for the plaster
of Paris which held the pieces together dis-
solved, T found her trying to paste them to-
gether, and when she couldn't she said to me,
consoling |s Don't worry, Robert, we can use
it fora gravel walk in the garden.’

Well, sir.” said Cuff, straightening up, “it's
funny how women like to Wash and iron when
they don'thaveto. On Tuesday when 1 was at
supper T spilled a cup of coffee over my new
trousers and | left them home the next day,
thinking to have them cleaned at my tailor’s
shop. That night when L returned home I
found my wife at work With a flatiron in the

 

oftener

Capt
probably. of

McNaught,

 

dining room. She appeared to be awfully
worried

“And what was she doing?” inquired Me-
Naugeht

‘Ironing bank notes,” replied Cull “She
took a notion to take the coffee stains out of the
trousers that morning, and after she had soaked
them in water she found a roll of bills in the
pocket, The bills were soaked with water and
were sticking together when she took them out
of the pocket of the trousers, so she had spent
three hours drying them and two hours ironing
thei out

“And what happened, John?”

“What happened? Why, the bills were Con-
federates that I had carried home intending to
give them to the children to play with.’

“Well,” said McNaught, “weean shake hands
This wasn't a case of horse ayd horse, but one of
washing and ironing.”

   
     

  

     

 

GAMES WE USED TO PLAY

AND SOME NEW ONES THAT AMUSE
THE CHILDREN NOW AT RECESS.

 

Report of the Dircetor of Physical Tratning
in Brooklyn—Ball Games for Older Paptts,

Hean Bag Contests for Younger Ones,

Singing Games for Kindergartners,

Miss Jessie H. Bancroft, director of physical
training ta the schools of Brooklyn, has just
issued an interesting pamphlet describing
the games played by the children during the
recess hours The games are classified as
ball, bean bag and miscellaneous circle and
singing ames In all there are sixty-five
Varlelies

It has been said that the teachers are ope
posed to teaching and participating in these
games Thists apparently not so The phyate
eal director is authority for the statement
that teachers discovered and introduced many
of the games described in the pamphlet Ke.

 

sides, the teachers often become so attached
to their charges that anything that intereste
the pupils doubly interests them It is also
true that taking part in the games with the

children gives the teachers helpful relaxation
from their oMeial d
Included ino the cational exhibit of this
city at the Paris Exposition were five moving

wads

 

 

 
 

pletuves showing school children at) play,
[hese pictures created gnite a stir among
the people at the talc who were interested ip
educational work lhe Russian Minister of
Education thought so much of them that he
asked pertnission ft have the plotures
hibited im Russti atter the fair authorities
Were through wit! em This reqnest Was
granted

The games described in the pamphlet are
Intended for tse at recess As there is not
enoueh & te) ith Pens ! the school yards to
peroit of a larwe number the children play.
ina at the same tine att been found best
to have two « “ of t -~ and two of girls
eo to their respective vards tor recess aft one
time and play the « 1 of fifteen
minutes In th was four classes
cau bave a@ recess of ten roinutes each In an
hour, or a reeess of ftteen toinutes each in
an hour and a half [he gatoes are not imited
fo any certain Krades, but where they have
been found most successful and interesting
to the children the #rades are mentioned in

the parnpliet

Dhereareeleven diferent kinds of balla@ames.
Of these basketball is probab the most vioe
lent, but, as the pariphilet states, only the
clildren in good physteal condition should ba
allowed to play it, and only children who are
in their fifth to elghth sehool years The mane-
ner of playing the game is wellknown. Drive
ball is another game whieh is only played by
the older children A court is mapped out
anda big, soft bull is placed hetween the cap-
tains of the two lined-up teams of five players

 

each. ‘The ball is driven back and forth bee
tween the teams, but can only be hit by the flst.
A goal counts two points Another game ia
circle catch” ball. A cirele is formed with
six or eight feet between each plaver, The
first plaver who fails to cateh the ball steps

info the centre He tosses the ball toa player
the cirele, who, in turn, throws it around
the circle, the game being to keep it away from
the player in the centre. If he catches it the
one toward whom it was thrown takes his place
inthe centre, This makes an interesting game
and keeps the plavers continually on the move,
A gate Similar to this is played by the children
forming a circle and the player in the centre

ing the ball in the air, at the same time
ne to one of the plavers in the circle to
If he is successful he remains in hie

in

  
    

thro
cul
teh it

 

 

a) f not, he goes to the centre Centre
se oand “pass” ball are plaved on the same
es Arch” ball is plaved with two or more
es. Single file the pluawers about two feet
apart lhe lender throws the ball backward
overhead to the player behind. 1f the ball

 

to the ground, the one who fails to catch
it must return to bis positton in the line. The
last in the Hne runs to the front with the
hall takes his place at the head of the line and
bewins over again The line wins whose leader
first wets back to the front. The other games
plaved on almost the

the children of the

 

 

Where a ball is used ar

 

 

same prinuetpal and o
higher grades teke part in them

Nearly every one is familiar with the bean
bag games. These are plaved exclusively
by the primary classes,  T e is the bean

  

bag race, bean bags ina cir where as many
bags as possible are used, the object being
to keep the bags going at the one time, the
bean baw box and the bean bag board Sling
Shot’ {s another game where one player stands
in the centre and whirls a rope with a bean
bag attached to the end Those in the circle
are reauired to Jump as it Comes to them. The
one who is Caught by the rope has to exchange
places with the player in the centre, It is
also possible to play the game previously menu-
tioned by using a bean bag instead of a ball
Then there are what are called circle games,
Tn “Skip Away’ the children stand in a circle,
holding bands= The player who is “it” rune
around the circle and tags one of the players,
The one tagged runs in the opposite direction
to the player by whom he was tagged and the
player who first reaches the vacant place in
the circle wins slap dack” is played the
same Way, except that when the two who are
running meet they must stop and shake hands,
_ t Tag in a Circle,” “Drop the Handker-
“Slap Cateh’ and “Fox and Farmer’
are very much alike
Three Deep: or, Third Man,” fa one of the
most popular games fhe players arrange
themselves in two circles, one within the other,
Two extra plavers for whom there is no extra

 

  

 

 

 

   

place in the circle stand on the outside aa
chaser” and “runner The latter may save
himself from the chaser by standing in front
of any two plavers (i. e, inside the cirele),
thus making a line three deep. He then is
safe. but the outer one of the three is then
“third man and may be tagged. To save
himself, he must run and take a place in front

tthe couple adjacent

of another couple, bit ne
If a player is tagged,,

to him on either side

 

he hecomes chaser, and the one who tagged:
him the ranuer. The game may be varied
by having two eireles face each other, with
a space between ther for running. "The run-

ner, in Seeking refuge, places himself between
two players, and the toward whom he
turns his back may be tagmed Cat and the
tut and “Have You Seen My Sheep” are ine
cluded in the circle mame

 

  

 
 

   

 

Under the head of miscellaneous games ara
many that are familiar to every bev “Lame
Goose,” “Red Kaver Last Pair Pass,” “Gather-
ing Sticks, Prisoner's Base” and “Relay
Race” do not need to be exg ned The “Bell
Chase” is described in the pamphlet in the fole
lowing manner Ihe children stand in two
lines, facing each other, at a considerable diss
tance A dumbbell is placed on the ground
in the centre of the open space bet ween the lines,
ine end plavers opposite each other start,
upon a signal, to get the belk the one reaching

it first must pick it up and return to his place

     

 

before his opponent can tag him If he does
this, the opponent becomes his prisoner, and
must stand fi ndtim Ifthe is tagsed before

he becomes the opponent's
prisoner, and must stand behind him

For the kindergarten classes the singing
games have been found to amuse the children
wreatly Where space is limited some of the
following games are played The Snail,*
“het Your Feet go Tramp, Tramp, Tramp,*,
“The Cat and the Mouse,” “When We're Playing’
Together,” “Looby Loo London Bridge,
“Round and Round the Village” and “Farmer
in the Dell

These are only a few of the @ames that are
played inthe kindergarten classes They serve
fo show, however, that there is no dificult
in providing even the smaller children wit
plenty of exercise The pamphlet also describes
many different ways of jumping the rope,
another amusement popular with the children,

reaching his place

 

 

Some French Jokes.

In the clock and watch department of the
Paris Exposition an expert called the attention
of the Shah of Persia to a queer little pendule
Maiesty to buy. “This

fires a pistol every hour!®
said the king of king@,

he his

which wished
little clock,” said he
“To killtime, T suppose,
as he walked away

Mme. Z tooneofher womanfriends: “I'mone

and during all that time

year married to-day,

I could never induce my husband to get hime
self photographed. Just fancy -boo! hoo!—
when we come to be divoreed IT won't even

have his picture!

Morning dialogue “Marie, my dear, L sup.

pose you are going tothe funeral of M. Duval
to-day

Charles, dear, vou're erazy' T go to the
funeral of that horrid old skinflint! Never on

your life!
My dear, it affords a splendid opportunity
to exercise the dog

 

 

 

Oh, Charles dear, I never thought of that!
Of course TH geo

A fast young man reformed and married
an elderly lady with plenty of moneys Shortly
after the wedding she expressed a desire to ga
to the Opera Ball Nonsense, my dear,” said
the husband, whe was afraid of meetiag some
of his old companions there “It is not a nice
lace. In facet, all rts of trash go there ®

ut it was useless for hun to sugmest diMoulries

and offer objections. Sheir tedand hehadto
capitulate In the evening she came out o
her dressing room ‘ deck load of paint
and powder. So off the pair went to the Ba
delOpera. Therein the happy throng the huge

blondes and

band espied some forme

  
     

brunettes allina er po forming a living bouquet
of laughing beaut One of them noticing
him sprang r rd ted hands

Pete! 0) Pere! hee ‘ 1, “where {
thunder did vou find all t old paint an
parchment!

"Young lads said the hushand, with a look
of indignation, “Ll wish you to understand that

this is my wife
“Oh, beb-b-begw pardon! Beb-b-bon = softy,
madame! °
Airs. Pete never went Where a

 

more,

ET