AMERICANS DRESS BEST,

WOMEN, THOUGH, NOT ALONE TO
BLAME FOR THEIR EXTRAVAGANCE,
Ht Is Partly the Fault of the Spangle-Loving
American Hasband—Positive Advantages
of Floe Gowns- Devices Used by Women to
Pay for Them—Contrasts of Dress Abroad,

 

 

A New York reol estate agent recently made
the statement that in select nw his tenants he
judged of their pecuniary status and abflity to
pay rent by thegowning of the fanily, The
vocation or profession or attire of the man
was gfx considered by him to be a criterion, but
the gown, hat and jewelry of the women were
acy epted as his guide

There isnodoubt that this standard, mainly
t one, is that accepted in cities hy
the persens with whom one ordinarily comes
tn contact, especially with tradesmen, clerks
anditheir subordinates. A worran’s fashion in
@ress, a rich gown and jewelry, will gain her
the attention of shopkeerers, floorwaikers,
aales clerks, waiters, bellboys and others that
would bestow but secant courtesy on a plainly
dressed Woman who might be worth millions,
unexpreased in her attire

The garb of man, on the other hand, Is not
taken as the evidence of his financial scale, Ex-
the roughly

en incorres

 
 

perience teaches that frequently
dressed man, the s; orting man, often cheaply
creased, the ready-made suit man, has wealth
within bis pockets New York millionaires are
all plainly dressed, and so are the leaders in
polities and in other fle.ds

But has a way of expressing her
abundance « rdiy in some fashion or other,
usually in her dress. Therefore a Woman may
be dressed flashil} or in bad taste, but she sill
ec mmaends a certain position with her ligh-
priced clothing or her jewels, and |s classed by
thosa who use these criterions for their stand-
ards as a moygeyed person, therefore to be
carered to,

This phase of human nature may be observed
any day in the large shops and restaurants
where the richly gowned and often bad man-
nered curriage customer will be bowed down to
while the more plainly and correctly garbed
woman waits unnoticed Americen
sagacity, far famed, we are a nation of impres-
elonist-, ciptured by glitter, awed by red tape

nd buttons, fascinated by the superficial in
Teminine loveliness and its setting as well as in
other things

The American woman has always been
credited with dressing too well. Thatis about
the way that Max © Rell cleverly expressed it
in one of his flattering attacks upon us But
there is no doubt that Americin women ali sin
inthis particular, from the wife of the money
princes to the factory wirl. And it has
be accepted os one of their charming eccentrici-
ties, The American man worships the well
dressed woman. And where ia the American
man so fine and keen in taste that heis not
hypnotized by a little too much glitter? He, as
f rule, doesn't know passementerie from chiffon
and he loves spangles. And as he pays for
them usually, he hasa right to have them

But the fact confronts us. Until the vogue of
the tailor-made street gown, still fleresly feught
against by the modistes whose trideit has hurt,
the average American woman over-dressed
flagrantly for walking and shopping. Never a
nation of carriage people, owing to the excr-
bitant cab rates that seem tobe amone the per-
manent evils of metropolitan life, the
woman of the middie claas dressed not for
etreet but forthe carritae. Trains, transparent
vokes and sleeves, jewelry, high heels and lace
petticoats--do we not see them every day in the
shops?

Andeven upon Fifth avenue on any after-
Noon one can observe women of wentle bearing
and beautiful gawns which trail upon the pave-
ment. Fewol the sinart women have adopted
the short wal¥ing skirt that escapes the pave.
ment. Et advert'ses the fact that one walks and
tne Americen woman prefers to be rewarded as
Using Aan Bitomobils, She excuses her
noon *(foll ina h carringe or a piazz,
gown on the ground that she is about to drop in
for va at one of the fashionable restaurants or
Periaps pay a call

The English women and the French women
@o not sin against form in thisway. With them
{t is the carriage and the aceompinying gown
or the promenade and the correct costume with

woman
itw

Despite

ome to

Average
the

 

after-

 

ise, a

hat and boots to correspond And as to this
Jast item of drass, how many American women
atilicling to the high heel with al! forms of

dress, most ludicrous of all withthe new ankle
length skirt cesigred especially for walking
Dealers say that the introduction of the
skirthas fairly boomed the sale of the ex-
tremely high-heeled shoe for the reason that
the feet are so much morein evidence than in
the trained gown

new

As to elegance of attire and richnessof mate-
ria!, itean safely be asserted that the American
woman dresses not only up to her means and to
the last cent of her income or allowance but far
beyond it as faras her credit or the trades-
man's confidence will permit. It has become
the cystom tooverdress and it is one of the
sooented customs permitted by our glorious
den iocracy

The average woman in good circumstances
always has an aceount at one of the big shops,
ir-quenti¥ attwoorthree. Managers of these
Stores know well that her bills are apt to grow
eo far beyond her husband's patience that she

Alls sometimes on proprietors and managers,
a king that port of the account be withheld
until some later rendering. In this way Ameri-
ean women save their husbands much needless
suffering, dealing it ont gently in small doses

Tn nine eases outef ten the American woman
Gresses nich better than her means allow. The
Qge isa frightfuliy extravagant one. A quarter
of acentury ago fine gowns a year were
considered anpie, with bats to mateh, A setof
furs lasie da lifetime. a silk gown Was anevent
Nowadays every occasion calls for a new gown
and, of course, a new hat to go with it. Hats
change their shape now with the week's end
Now they flare away and now they tilt forward.
Even the tailor gown that costs at least $100 ata
good establishment is impossible now after a
eenson, for the reason that there are radical
changes inthe style of skirts and waists, devised
by th» cunning to bring coin to their coffers.
Alterations at a fashionable taiior's cost
enormously, this being the rule to encourage
the purchase of new gowns.

One branch of trade that has arisen from the
American woman's fondness for good clothes is
that of the shopping angel, who does business
Privately at an immense profit. The angel has
tn account with one or more of the larzeshops,
He orshe, for there are many women in the
business, is introduced to new customers or
Mients, as they call them, by friends. Mrs,
Smith introduces and vouches for Mrs. Jones

Mrs Jones, perhaps, wishes to buy a costume
that will cost a hundred and fifty or two hun-
dred d lars or a collar and muff for «+ -enty-
five. She has not the ready money, but she
§as an Allowance of fifty ora hundred dollars a
month. lhe shopping angel being assured of
the standing of Mrs. Jones's husband, intro-
fuces his new customer confidentially at the
shop and says she is to be allowed to charge
goods to the angel's account to agiven ammount.

The angel collee s installments weekly from
Mrs. Jones, who thua b comes the owner of the
coveted garment, which is often worn out be-
fore (be original bill is paid. High interest ix
charged for the accommodation. Diamends,
aces, millinery, lingerie and all sorts of small
weiongings of dress are bought in this way

There is no doubt that American women could
dress to better advantage and moe economi-
cally by means of an ac ount with some of the
stores, butfeminine human nature is nctori-
ously frail in this respect and big bills are run
ap that lecome mountains of annovance and
trouble. Many women avoid accounts for that
reason, knowing from experience that they are
bound to purchase too extravagantly under
those conditions

In spite of the occasional schedules one sees
printed as to the possibilities in the wav of
woman's dress to be obtained for small
wunounts, itis one of the imporsibilities fora
woman to dress well and cheaply. It is quite
@ifMfioult for a woman (o dre-s well on $1,000 a

two

year; \t is diMfcult for her
tially well on $50) a year.

This sum, of course, refers to gowns from
good makers, and of good materials, with
shoes, hate, and gloves bearing the stamp of
fasbiox, and the amounts named provide only
for a meagre allowance perhaps one good
tailor gown and one dinner gown, a coat or
fursof the one season grade, a lower-priced
tailor gown for summer, with one or two cotton
frocks, hats, sho 8, gloves and lingerie in mod-
eration. The small belongings of dressare what
cost and what render the costurne effective

Yet {t cannot be denied thatmany women who
always make a good appearance and go out
manage to get along on the-e amounts in pro-
portion by good management avolding any ap-
pearance of cheap dressing. And many who do
not seem to dress one-half so well pay as muoh
as $500 fora dinner gown worn only a few times
and then discarded,

For the woman who must keep up an appear-
ance and whose allowance is small, a maid is @
money-saving possession. A lady's maidsounds
like anextreme extravagance to the woman
who has never posseased one, but she who has,
knows quite well that a maid {+ really an
economy. She can prolong, no’ only the life,
but what is more important, the appearance of
a tailor gown by constant brushing and care in
hanging, occasionally sponging and pressing
anda tention to binding. She can keep the one
precious dinner gown fresh and can devise in-
ecenious arrangements for the bociee that will
transform itoften. Hats that lose their fresh-
ness noWadays in an incredibly short time she
managesto to keep smart; laces and gloves
are laundered aud cleaned, andevery detail of
the meagre wardrobe is made the most of.
Besides that, she does the hair dressing, the
manicuring and the face rubbing that go to make
up the modern womin’s necassary grooming

Men have every udvantage in the way of
dress, ‘The average ready-made suit, pur-
chasd fron a oxi deaer, is entirely
| resentable garb, while the average reacy-
made feminine gown is distinctly impossible. It
is the same in every other department of dress
A man buying from a house of reputation can-
not fail to get the correct style and cut and
color, Most men can go nicely through a aea-
son with a business suit, an afternoon suit and
one for evening, whie a woman who wore an
evening gown all winter would bea by word

lt isa question if the American woman's
fondness for dress and her habit of overdress-
ing, while transgre sing the canons of perfect
taste, isnotameans toa justifiable end Her
extravagance benofits every branch of trade
from that of the shoemaker to the diamond
cutter. Itinvests her with a national personal-
itv admitted the world over to be charming

the American woman will always be hailed
by mary of her enthusiastic admirers as the
best- dressed in the world. But the fact again
confronts us that the Parisfan fashion leaders
still hold actual supremacy by reason of the
exqu site simplicity that at present marks their
The acknowledged leader has dis-
curded every jewel, evenaring, although her
caske s are overflowing A rose in the hair
was her only adornment with the simplest of
white gowns at a recententertainment. The
resuit of thia simple dressing when combined
with great beauty is an extreme distinction
Acknowledged American leaders seen at their
best at the Horse Show and at the fashionable
restaurants during the gala week at the Garden
are admittedly most gorgeously gowned, bril-
liant, eharming and beautiful, but not always
distinguished

About Amercan woman
there can be As to her dressing,
itis superbly characteristic of us asa nation, It
speaks of our prosperity andof the liberality of
the American husband, one of our greatest in-
stitutions All the countries in the world are
cabled upon to clothe fittingly his womankind

Th: editor who recently advocated the wear-
ing of Dlouses by all workingmen was probably
indulwing in a bit of freak shneas for sensa-
tional effect. Certainly the American working
woinan would never submil tosucharule. She
dresses as Well as her purse allows. The school-
teacher, the stenogra’ her and the governess in
Aner ca are never dowdy They reeognize the
magnificent possibilities of the age th y livein,
whe. the chorus girl nay become the wife of
a Duke, or, better far, of a millionaire

The liws of strict good taste may call for the
queer little hats and gowns that one sees on
stagermusic teachers, but the nineteenth cen-
tury working woman knows that doors are
opened to good clothes, Even the unthinking
messenger boy is impresse 1 mstheticaliy by the
rustle of a silk lining. ihe business woman,
who to-day inasted in obtruding her wage
earning cipacity by means of ber attire, would
hang on straps in cars and wait in halls while,
with a well-made gown, hats and boots, fine as
her purse allows the girl typewriter looks the
typical American queen only waiting for her
opportunity to ascend the throne

Ihe age we live in cals for extravagant dreas-
ing, not loud or -howy, but of aquality that
costs and that may not be imitated succea-fully,
The American woman must be costly in habit
as her credit allows. We must blame the age
we live in and not the biameless American
woman who adorns it

GIVING YOUNG MEN A CHANCE.

gowning

the

no question

the beauty of

 

The Queer Way Tammany Has Gone Abont It
in the Present Campaign.

Bryan's greeting from Shoals, Ind., to the
Young Men's League of New York was “give
the boys a chance,” and some of the Tammany
leaders, battle-scarred veterans in political
service, have taken the tip and carried it into
effect by a plan which has at least simplicity
to commend it The “young men” supporting
Bryan have received no “chance” in the way
of nominations or appointments to office,
but they have been permitted to “organize,”

 

the way that is done has been illustre
several districts, the Fifth Assembly district
among them. ‘

In that district the actual Tammany meme
bership is 348, and at the primaries held in Ane
gust, and at which each member of Tammany
Hall was exhorted to bring to the polls as many
of his friends, neighbors and acquaintances
as possible, the total vote for the Tammany
ticket waa 70% The meeting called at the
club rooms in West Thirteenth street was at-
tended by forty-five persons, and at ita cloae
th e announcement was sedately made that there
would be organized forthwith the “Young
Men's Bryan and Stevenson Club of the Fifth
Assembly district." The chairman and sec «
Tetanes got down from theplatform and their
places were taken by three other persons, and
thereupon, without addition of anv new meme

ber or the withdrawal of any one of the forty.
five, the “club” of young men was set in motion
and with entire unanimity officers were elected.

‘Then blank pads were brought in by a man
with white whiskers and distributed about
the room for what is deseribed as “the ene

rollment of young men.” All present, old and
young, enrolled thernselves and aome enrolled
others in sympathy with the purposes of the
Brvancanvass and com: itted to the paramount
fad of the local canvass, giving young men
a chance to enroll, The next day the some.
what encouraging Announcement appeared
that a come ee of fifty had been appointd
from the Young Men's Bryan and Stevenson
Club “te map outa line of campaign” to be con-
ducted by the members, who numbered 800
Since then the work of enrolling has gone on
so actively and the use of the pads has been
so free that there are alleged to be more than
a thousand voung men belonging to this par-
tiowar Bryan and Stevenson Club, or nearly
70 more “voung.men” than there are members
of the organization itseif, young and old, and
300 more than the total vote of all the Demo-
erate of the district, young, old and of middle
age, in the August primary

Siva seastiond politica! aotivitv in a district
which it is quite certain that the Republicans
will carry for every candidate would be inexpli-
eable if the means of organizing such a club
were note ears understood Tha Fifth As-
semb district, however, is no eteeption in
the method adopted for “giving the voung
men achanoce” to vote for Brvan and Steven-
aon Phe same ancient method of going
through the motions for the organization of
aciuh has been onite generally adopted and
In many cases the response has been even
less in actual attendance than in this district,
the Tammany leader of which has been an offiee-
holder ora candidate for offlee for thirty years

It is a matter of general observation by the
leadors of bot’) parties that the great majority
oO sing then in New York cite this vear
not attached to eithar political marty, are for
MeKinler and Roosevelt, who will receive, it is
computed, fully 60 per cent. of the “firet
voter.” in the various subdivisions of the
Greater New Yor

  

= a ele a A eg sant ae oe oF Ad ae =e pied Ss ane eon een toma pt tae SS
oe =meear wesw aye rere eS ‘ PA
Tul i) Ny we ivbest dy whYVuUbede Loo

to Grose even pars) THIS IS WOMAN’S CENTURY;

 

HOW DURING IT WRONGS OF AGES
HAVE BEEN CORRECTED.

lady Alice Royle Tells of the Va

of Legistati by Which Engl

Last Come to Concede to Wom

sideration © Deserves as Ma

lady Alice Royle in the Humanitarian
magazine for October compresses into a brief
space “A Century of Legislation for Women
and Children,” confining her attention to British
legislation, exceptas ita influence has extended
over the world. “Looking back a hundred
years, we find that all beneficent measures
were for the advancement or benefit of the
wealthy or middle classes, while the poor were
left neglected or uncared for,” the writer says;
“and it is perhaps the crowning glory of this
gl rious reign that their needs have at last
been acknowledged, and the working popus
lation has been raised from a state akin to
that of animals to the rights and privileges
belonging to i as the backbone of England.”

lady Alice does not find that women's or
children’s righta or wrongs received more
than a passing thought from Jegislators in the
early part of the century. She hotes some
acts of Parliament tending in the right direo-
tion, but says that until “the magic year 1837"
satisfactory work was rarely completed. In
1802 an act was assed for the preservation
of the health and m rals of apprentices and
othera in cotton mills and other factories, and
there was a similar act in 1819 and another
in 1820, nodieating that the earlier ones had
lain dormant, as the writer points out In
1833 an act to “regulate the labor of children
ab young persons in the mills and | aectories
of the United Kingdom” was passed In 18i4 an
act, which Lady Alice says was Very necessary,

 
  

 

 

was passed to prevent child stealing more
effectually than had been the case The public
whipping of women was abolished in 117,

and in 183, after a five-year battle, the abuse
of the little chimney sweepa was ended. An
et of regulation was passed in ish, but the
abuse did not stop then. “The sufferings
of these unfortunate children absolutely baffies
description,” saya Lady Alice “It was no
uncommon thing for a child to stick fast in
a barrow chimney, and be smoked out by his
infuriated master, suffocation was common,
but there was no inquiry and ho inspection,
and a child more or leas made no a prec able
difference in the population

lhe condition of the poor and the number
of young offenders in the prisons received at-
tention to some extent in 1819, “but no acts for
the personal benefit of the poor appear to have
been considered until those already mentioned
of 1820, 1838 and 1834. The date 1842 is one
long to be remembered, for it was in that year
that one of the most scandalous and crowning
evils that ever disgraced a Christian country
waa done away with,® * * that system of civil-
ized (°) slavery which permitted owners of
mines, coliferies and factories to employ Women
and children in the lowest and most degrad-
ing form of labor.”

Lady Alice cites one case of a “Little girl of
6 who was forced to carry half a hundred
weight and make fourteen long journeys a
day” inthe mines, where the main roads were
often not more than twenty-two inches high,
ao that even a child could barely crowd through
them. Children convicted of felony had there-
tofore been allowed to go on the road, which
led them to a worse estate, bit in that same
year Parliament passed an act providing for
their care and education. In 1844 Sir James
Graham introduced a bill limiting = the
working time of children between 6 and 13
vears of age to six and one-half hours a day
with the purpose of allowing time for their
education. “Though it is probable the chancel
Was used very little,” Lady Alice says, “still
it showed a movement toward a noble goal
which had as vet been unthought of. Hitherto
the idea had held full sway that knowledge for
the poor was evil, that lanorance waa the only
means of keeping them in their proper sphere
as workers only, and that to elevate them from
that position could only result ina general up-
heaval and aeverthrow of all old-fashioned
eustoms and traditions: but, this idea once up-
rooted, a different feeling became implanted,
and year by vear saw a gradual and wonder-
ful change taking place in the scheme of na-
tional education,”

It is eurions to note that, according to the
Humanitarian article, a law for the better care
and the reformation of youthful offenders in
Great Britain was an outarowth of an act passed
in 184 to render the reformatory and industrial
achools of Scotland more serviceable for the
benefit of vagrant children. That act Lady
Alice saya waa an innovation, for the only ont-
look for the little unfortunates had been prison
Private work for the benefit of the helpless and
unfortunate about this time waa making prog-
reas too, and the Ragged Schoo! Union and
Shaftesbury Soctety began operations that
have been, in the words of the Humanilarian'a
contributor, “of incalculable benefit to Biun-
dreds of thousands of earth's neglected ones,
and which is still doing a mighty, noble, and
year by year Increasing work.”

To the vicious and dirty children from whose
ewarming ranks criminals were being con-
stantly recruited the Rag@ed School Union
went. “It sought those children out, and tn
face of almost insuperable difleulties gradu-
ally educated them to better things.”

This was only in the middle of the century.
“Now the resulta of this unionhave spread
all over the civilized world, for out of it have
grown refuges, homes, industrial schools,
training ships, the Shoeblack Brigade, cripple
homes, national refuges, reformatories, and
the means to emigrate for those who desira
it © © © Now thousandsof England's poorest and
most desolate have their little lives made hap-
pier by a Joyous day in the country or fort-
night by the sea, while their minds are trained
in achoola where rags are no bar.”

Bills passed in 1857 and 1862 for the
education and maintenance of vagrant and
pauper children were, Lady Alice says, the
outgrowth of the work of the Ragged School
Union The Elementary Education act of
1870, the beginning of the board school and
compulsory education in Great Britain, was
the culmination of thirty years of agitation,
and work under it was prosecuted to such
Purpose, once it was on the statutes, that in
1871 nearly three hundred achools had been
started. “This year,” Lady Alice remarks,
“will long be marked out as the date at which
a great change in the scheme of national edu-
eation was brovaht abou'~ when a reform of
the grammar schools also took place and ‘pov-
erty’s unconquerable bar’ was removed from
the path of knowledge forever ”

By 1872, 10,000,000 of the population had come
under the +chool boards, and 6,000,000 of them
having come in voluntarily showed, as Lady
Alice pointa out, that the workers were not
slow to realize the inestimable privilege which
had been placed at their disposition

It may startle short memories to be reminded
by Lady Alice that only as recently as 1886
was the guardianship of their children con-
ferred upon English mothers upon the death
of the father In the same year the hours of
labor for women in shops were limited to
seventy-four a week: the hours had been with-
out limit. “Asa result of these great changes,”
says Lady Alice, “women began to understand
that they were no longer unreasoning tools
in the hands of their master, but that the
rights of fair wage and fair hours belonged
to them as much as to their fellow men workers,
and after much deliberation women's trades
unions were formed, the first of whieh was
founded after the great dock strike in Lss9,
to be followed in 1890 by unions of confection-
ers, rope, box, shirt, brush and umbrella
makers.”

In 1889 the bill for the prevention of cruelty
to children passed Parliament, and in 1891
came free education. “Now with this,” says
Lady Alice, “in conjunction with the Ragged
School Union, which penetrates even into the
home of the most helpless cripple, there can
be no possible reason or excuse why a single
man, Woman or child in the next generation
should not have at least the foundation of a good

 

———

education. In the same year waa passed the
Custody of Infante bill, which gives tothe chil-
dren of the poor the same protection as that
given to wards in chancery, and thus knocks
down one more of the many differences between
rich and poor, which go so far toward turning
honorable working men into Socialists of the
deepest dye.”

With manifestly genuine affection Lady Alice
records that “in all 107 acta for the benefit of
children alone have been passed during our
beloved Queen's reign, and much of this wise
legislation has no doubt been due to her well-
known love for the little ones,”

Not all, however, of the legislation of a cen-
tury enaeted in the interest of women and
children has been for the benefit of the poor or
of the helpless, “Legislation for their more
fortunate sisters has not been idle,” Lady Alice
observes, “and great and wonderful changes
have taken place in their lives, To prove
thia it is suMcient to compare a woran's life
in the time of the Georges with the life of the
average woman of the present day, and the
advantages which have come to them have
naturally rebounded on the children as well,
That woman was unintellectual and unfit to be
either man’s helpmeet or friend in the matter
of braina was the generally accepted opinion
in the early years of the century, She was no
doubt charming as a companion in frivolous
moments. Woman was compelled to be what
circumatance and man's ewotistical belief in
his sole prerogative of brains bad made her,”

Lady Alice bestows the admiration of her
appreciative heart upon John Stuart Mill for
his trumpet call for the recognition of women's
rights, to which he was moved, she thinks, by
the observation of the placid woman, who,
when he sounded his clarion call, had been on
England’a throne for fourteen years,
during which she had shown “splendid admin-
istrative genius, a clever brain and capacity
for hard mental work, With this example of
high intellectuality before him Mr. Mill appealed
fora betterappreciation of these gifts in woman,
and fair oppportunities to develop them.”

In the darkness before this dawn education
for a women was at a most despondent ebb
“The many with active, searching brains were
compelled to be content with the hollowness
of nothingness, till the eager light died out,
and their abilities, lying dormant, became
rusted and useless.” Mr. Mill threw a flerce
light upon all this wasted usefulness, Lady
Alice aays, and with gigantic strides education
improved. Less than twenty years after
Mill's Westminster Review article “Hitchin
College, which was shortly afterward removed
to Cambridge under the name of Girton, was
founded, and the Association for Women's
Lectures at Cambridge cormmenced operations
In 1875 (five vears later) Newnham was founded,
in 1878 London University threw open its de-
(including medical) to women: Vietoria
followed, while Cambridge admitted
to the Tripos Exams. in 1881, and Oxford to
most of its Honor schools in Is84

The earlier academies for young ladies where

some

 

 

Cees
women

eversthing was subordinated to the great
desire to make girls ‘ladylike  nonentities
recelve scant consideration from Lady Alice,

who becomes happy again when she dwells
revolution wrought by kindergartens
and high schools, with their broadening in-
fluences and inereased for study,
leading to an enlarged life rich in studies and
also in strengthening games, with proper cos-
thought hoydenish Where is

upon the

subjects

times, once
now,” she asks,
used to trouble the fine ladies of the pust,
which faint and erv at
slightest proveention? Where the little dainty
women of frills and furbelows? all
gone, and in their place a new race has started
up, and we find fine, healthy, strapping wiris,
able to eycle, row, walk, and take their places
generally beside their brothers in their oeen-
pations and their games, and well fitted to
be mothers of a future generation of modern
Gracehi.”

Lady Alice wants only one thing more after
this procession of victories for the liberation
of women. “One more great injustice re-
moved, and men and women will stand
Yor all on the platform of equality.” That one
thing more will be aecomplished when P
Hament passes a bill, the subject of which has
been discussed for a score of vears at West-
for the removal of the electoral dis-
The bill fire, for
men still cling to their shattered theoriea de-
spite the presence on the throne, and are loath
to believe that woman's brain is as capable
as theirs of gauging the capabilities of the men
who are to represent them in Parliament and

rnd

caused them to the

 

Cone

once

ive

minster,
abilities of women

“hangs

legislate for them as much as for the other
sex!

lady Alice finds an anomalous condition in
the denial of equality in the suffrage when
legislative enactments have already granted
the right of acknowledgment of deeds by

married women, the right of married women
to dispose of provisionary interests in per-
sonal estate, the right of married women to
their earnings or property, so placing married
men and women on an equality before the law,
and the right of women to inherit in cases of
intestacy tady Alloe also cites as pointing
her moral the suecessful work done by women
as guardians of the poor, inspectors of work-
houses, members of vestries and various other
similar spheres

A NEW DIVORCE BILI,

As Agreed Upon by Commi«sioners From Va-

rious States on Untformity of Legislation,
From the Richmond Times

At the next session of the Legislature a bill
will be offered changing the law in relation to
divorces, It will be presented by three Commis-
sioners from Virginia on Uniformity of State
Laws, After the Commissioners from various
States agree upon a bill it generally
the approval of the American Bar Association
and then is presented to the several State Legis-
latures,

The bill in relation to divorcees, whieh will
promptly be adopted by every State, it is ex-
pected, is_as follows

Seo, 1. No divorce shall be granted for any
cause arising prior to the residence of the eom-
plainant or defendant in this State, which was
not a ground for divorce inthe State where the
cAURe arORA

Sec. 2. No person shall be entitled to a
divorce for any cause arising in this State,
who has not had actual residence in this State
for at least one year next bef« Dringing suit
for divorce, with @ bona fide intention of mak-
ing this State his or her permanent home

Sec. &. No person shall be entitled to a
divorce for any cause arising out of this State
unless the complainant or delondant shall have
resided within this State for at least two years
next before bringing suit for divorce, with a
bona fide intention of making this State his or
her permanent home

Sec 4 No person shall be entitled to a di-
vorce unlesa the defendant shallhave been
ersonaliy served with process, if within this
State, or if without this State shall have had
personal notice duly proved and appearing
of record, or shall have entered an appear
ance in the ease, but if it shall appear to the
sativnfaction of the court that the complainant
does not know the address por the residence
of the defendant and has not been able to ascer-
tain either, after reasonable and due inquiry
and search, continued for six months after
suit brought, the court or Judge in vacation
may authorize notice by. publication of the
vendency of the suit for divorce, to be given
In manner provided by law

Sec. 5. No divorce shall be = granted
solely upon default nor solely upon admissions
by the pleadings, nor except upon hearing be-
fore the court In open session

sec, 6 After divorcee either party may
marry again, but in cases where notice has been

iven by publication only and the defendant
1a4 not appeared, no decree or judgment for
divorce shall become final or operative until
kix months after hearing and decision

Bec, 7. Wherever the word “divorce”
occurs in the act, it shall be deemed to mean
divorce from the bond of marriage

Sec & All acts and parts on acta incon-
sistent herewith are hereby repealed,

In its report the Committee on Uniform
State Laws says

"It may not be out of place in this connection
for vour committee to say a Word as to the rur-
pose, wisdomand practi vabilit: and effect ofthis
short, simpleand mo-t moderate act which is the
outcome of much deliberation and discussion
extending over three ‘ears’ Sessions of the
conference Theact proposed atticks die t's
and we believe effectively three of the greatest
evils, considered from a legal standpoint, of
the present condition of our various and con-
fll. ting divorce laws — First, it does away largely
with the seandal of migrators divorces Second,
it prevents the wrong of speedy decrees again-t
absent defandants who may be ignorant of
anv suit pending = Third, it does away with the
interstate confusion arising from some few
State forbidding remarriage, while @ great
majority of the States permit it,”

 

 

receives

 

the bugbear of nerves whieh |

  

 

 

 

FOOTBALL GIRL ISIN TOWN. |

SEDATE YOUNG WOMAN WHO'S A
SAVAGE AT HEART.

Bite of City Life in Which Animals, Too,
Play a Part—Dog Who's Making a
Heggar's Fortune Horse a Theatrical
Neighborhood Has Taught (o Dissimulate,

With the coming of the autumn the usual
ayniptoms of feminine admiration for the foot.
ball boy breaks out inthe form of purchases
of photographs of players andof the pins and
pennants of the various colleges. Parties
of als take trains to distant points to wilhess
pragtice Ales between the ‘Varsity men and
the scrubs. ‘The enthusiasm which the modern
girl evinces on the subject of the football gane
and its player is an entirely different form of
hysteria from that lavished upon the matinee
actor

Che latter admiration is of the spirit and is
sentimental and sympathetic, Matinee actor
worship is wrongly described as mawkish
orsilly. It is always the hero orthe sentiment
or deed that is worshipped not the player
But there is something wild and terrible in
the fine and exultant frenzy of enthusiasm
which an ordinarily sedate young woran will
display over a football game, so frequently
a seene of carnage and gore spilling The
modern girl has learned to look unmoved upon
the spectacle of a falling
upon the fleld, for she has been told time and

again by her brotheror so nebody else's brother;
“He'll be all right in a minute. He's had the
wind knocked out of him; that's all! She has
rown to accept these happenings as inevitable
suf the Wildness of her cheers and the waving

 

tan unconscious

 

of her flags and handkerchiefs would seem
to ndicate some innate savagery or Indian
instinet lurking beneath ber autunin @oat At
oneoft theagames of last \ear between the Car-
Hiale Indian pla snd the Yale men a bey
selling @ score card passed atnong the girls
on the grandstand One of them, a blonde,
blue-eyed, anwelic looking girl whose brother

was with Yale. said to the boy nervously
Do vou think thes I win?
Who d' yer mean- de Chinks or de Doods?”
“The Yale men,
Dev'll tear dere hearts out
And she gave the boy a
back with @ look of beatifle

dat's all’
quarter and sank
sati-faction

 

On the Yale fleld, where the practice games
take place each day, the rare spectacle may

be witnessed of a cle rayviman eng ied in ine
structing the players in unison with the regue
lar coaches, This is the Rev. Mr, Cutten,

|

who played with the football team three
eons ago and has since become famousin New
Haven for the enres he attributed to hypnotism
He has expressed the opinion that a football
may be helped tu coaching by similar
methods and he therefore spends much of his
time in endeavoring to imbue the players of
his university with skill and force. Mr. Cute
ten Wasa divinity stu t when he played foot-
ball and was a mar nt centre rush, welagh-
ing over two hundred pounds

|

|

eleven

 
  
   

Frequently,

in crises of the games when the language
of the players became heated, Mr. Cutten
would say gently Brothers, this is a rough

game, but let us not make it any rougher than
necessary.” Fle would then plough through
the opposing ranks like a human eyelone
When he played football he did not depend on
hypnotism

for the
is alinest equalled by the
atteuches to animals with nearly
! old A good horse or a
the kindliest chords of sym-
being, except
those who

The fascination whieh the baby has
whole h
interest that

youns at

jan tamiy
every one,
dow seems to tonuel
puthy that exist
that very lowest.

in-every hbiuurnag

t degenerates,

ill-use and dislike animals An amusing ine
stance of this magnetic appeal from the animal
tothe human may be observed each evenina at

uptown
transfer to the crosstowh cars
time every night a man
there. He is a cripple with disabled legs, or
without lews, or it may be with perfectly sound
legs forall one can tell, because he sits crouched
upon the pavementin such a way that it is im-
possible to tell what his particular misfortune

corners where passengers
About
takes up his station

one of the

theatre

may be. But at present he is making lots of
tnoney, and is atype all too common, plying a
profitable begging industry on the strength of
his infirmity. He has an organ, one of the
usual kind, tuneless, cracked, dolorous and
awful, but he and his organ would be passed by

 

Unnoticed wereit nottfor his dog,

Seated on the unmusical box over which the
man presides is a dow, [tis not a mean, dingy
or bedraggied cur, witha face trained to dismal
views of the world and its people, but a briaht
alert, wideawake, businesslike, cheerful little
animal who fairly hypnetizes passers-by and
catses them to dr net pennies, but nickels,
dimes and quarters into the Jaunty-lookin ®
little basket in the dog's mouth,

It is @ thoroughbred dow of the white woolly
poodle variety, a dow that, allowed to run wild,
grows to resemble an animated and luxurious
powder pufl with head almost indistinguishable
Pre tail But for some reason or other,
probably as ai diswuise, it has been clipped
quite close, so close that its pink skin shows

   

 
  

mh tts

   

through the slight covering of white wool,
wiving the animal the look of being poorly
clothed Whether it is this or the marked
brightness of the dog that is the attraction,

the man has a wonderful money maker in his
dog, which appears to take the greatest interest
in the ignoble work he is forced by his present
environment to perform  Heseens to think itis
all some kind of a gameand women, and ment,
too, stop to pat the little fellow on the haad
and smile as they give their generous alms
There are always one or two people admiring
the dog and many offers are made to buy it, but
the man naturally will not part with his doubly
valuable property He has becomesuch a popue
lar attraction that he has forwotten his char-
acter of mendicant and laughs and chata with
those who stop to speak to the dou He does not
even have to play his organ any more tle

just sits there with the dog and empties the
basket into his pockets as quickly as it fills
The dog is too good for such a business

At the corner of Forty-second street one

night last week a group of newsboys was
gathered about one of their number who had
a small frightened-looking fox terrier on the
end of a string. The boy addressed every
woman who passed with:

“Want to buy a dog, lady?"

“Where did you get it,” asked one

“Bought it, of course,” answered the boy,
glibly

Then why do vou want to sell it?

I want to make some money

 

The woman passed on and another boy came
to her with Information

He stoled the dog, lady. He makes a busi-
ness of it You can pick up lots of dogs if
you watch out for ‘em, and he gets one near

ery day and brings it here nights and sells
it he makes lots of money and he's never
caught”

 

A firm of pork dealers has the most novel
advertisement up to date. In one of the de-
partment stores the concern has constructed
an inclosure eight feet square, filled with saw-
dust, and in this are five live young pigs, one
black and four pink and white = It is impos-
sible to get near the grating that surrounds
the inclosure, 80 great is the crowd of women
and children pressing about the pigs from
the time the shep is opened in the morning
until it is closed at night Every once in a
while a general laugh is heard at some antic
or infantile squeak of one of the pigs And
the faces of those looking on are a study. Every
one is kindly, tender almost, as they gaze on
the baby pigs, while the children's eyes fairly
glow with deliaht

The feeding of the pigs is a great feature
A big pan of milk is placed within the inelos-
ure and five noses are jinmersed while five
spiky tails curl eestatically. Sometimes one
of the pigs thinks he sees a better opening
at the other side of the pan and gives up his
position and trots around to the new point
of vantage = In fact, this is a favorite strategic
move of the pigs and it never fails to excite
laughter

 

T,overs of nature who live in flats have ad-
mirable opportunities for studying animal
and insect life. The fact is, there is no flat, how-
ever watched and tended, without its frequent
waterbug, its sometime earwig or centipede
and its occasional mouse; and there are other
weird things that come up in drains and pipes
and take a hasty look around, retreating in

embarrassment if they do not find @ hasty
ending beneath the blow of a cook

Cooks in flats get in time quite skilful in the
chase and siaugnter of these innocent, but
nevertheless undesirable household — pests
White waterbugs are known as “eu bugs,’
whieh tern tinplies that, like accidents, they
will Occur in the cleanest kitchens, they are not
to be encouraged and their presence is an un-
necessary evil Napttha, in spite of its pre-
diiection for blowing people up once ina while
when they are care:@a., to one of the boous in
the life of the modern housekeeper Any
kitchen that receivesa daily baptism of naphtha
will no longer remain on the visiting list of the
waterbug, but the treatment must be thorough
and constantly persisted in, Woodwork,
shelves, stationary tubs and crevies® must oe
well drenched with the fluid and it shoud be
unnecessary to state that no matches must be
lighted, nor gas stoves nor jets hor flame of
any kind whue the work © gvlag ob aad for

  

 

ne eccrrrrrreerrnreereeneenncne
ee

 

~ oo

 

some time afterward. Besides th
there must be serupulous cleanliness
the naphtha treatment, although
expensive, is effective

But

During the rainy weather of last week one
man loaded a pedier’s wagon with urnbrellus
and went through the streets uptown crying
his wares, He sold a low-priced brand of um

brellas the 75 cent etade- but he disprsed
of his stock in short time. People who had

been caught in the rain were the most frequent |

Purchasers, but many. bailed him from up.
stairs windows and bonwht from him. He
walked along in the pouring rain with a few of
the umbrellas under his arm, shouting their
ries, Dut he disdained to use one to protect
finself from the downpour He said) that
there was a profit of ten dollars in one load of
umbrellas, He sold his entire stoek in about
three hours,

  

A hansom stands

tisually at the corner of
Broadway and Twenty-ninth street) where
passenwers wait for the crosktown cars, They

alwavea have to wait and #o have time to make
friends with an intelligent hansem horse, who
feigns to be asleep as a rule until he is patted
on the nose, when he comes back to earth ap.
parently with a stagey start

The fact is that the theatrical neighborhood
in which the cab has its stand has affected the
horse and has taught him to dissimulate He
has become euch a pet with waiting Passengers
that they carry sugar and apples in their pockets
with which to feed him. He never refuses any +
thing, He calmly consumes a four-dollar
bunch of violets, finishing it to the last ineh of
ribbon, and would doubtless eat_the pin that
has held the bunch if it we offered to him
Ile o eats claarettes, artificial flowers, can-
dies, peanuts and theatre programmes,

   
 

A DRUNKEN DONKEY'S DAUGHTER,

A Sad Case of What Seems to Be Inherited |

Alcoholism.
Fram th Denver Evening Post
Shagwy is the prettiest little donkey that
ever came to life in West Denver, She is so

that the women never pass her without
complimentary to the

loute®
making
little animal

When the children see
their faces into all manner of X-
pression of admiration and look as if they
would like tothrow theirarms around Shagey's
neck and hug her. The men all adinire
and many a loving slap falls on her back from
these individuals, whe will not admit they are
tender-hearted enough to love a little donkey.
the property of A. EE Thomas,

 

some reniark

Shawey they draw

shapes in

Shawaey is

who conducts a saloon at Ninth street and Santa |

Fé avenue, and how the saloon mnan came to

own her is this way: The man had o friend
who was a miner and owned Granny, the
mother of Shaggy Granny was a pack

donkey and a good one, too, before she got a
touch of city life, She would carry her master’s
tools, bedding, provisions and anything that
could be piled on her back, up the long, steep
mountain to where the owner had a “prospect

She never kicked or grumbled about her labor,
and was perteetly contented with her duties
and an opportunity to eat pine bark and snow

to sustain life and strenath. The owner of
Granny went to Cripple Creek and of course
the donkey went along. He was successful

in striking a “pocket” and from the proceeds
lined his pockets with gooa hard coin. — He got
histmoney for the sole purpose, he said, of spend.
ina it, othe inmates of the dance hall showed

 

 

. of course, |
somewhat |

|
| WOMEN AT TORONTO HFAR ABOUT

| clation of the |

her |

 

DOMESTIC SCIENCE’S RISEs

 

IMPROVED HOUSERLETING,

The Congress of Household Economics Told of
the Advance Made Since There Has Been
an Association to Study the Home-— Domestia
Science Now Taught in Schools and Colleges

The National Household Economic Associas
tion of the United States, an outgrowth of the

Women's Congress of the World's Fair at Chi-

at the beginning  f Oc-

and celebrated its eighth birthday with
Although by name an asso~
ited States, the organization
into Canada but into Enro-
well, and the members were
wlad to aval! themseives of the invitation of tne
city authorities of Te hold their annual
earatthe capital of Ontario

cago, met at Toronto
tober
much jubilation

has grown not onl

pean countries a

ronte te
meeting Chis

The
that it was entt
of it what is always
wormen in the associ

To sav
would be only to sav
true of the gatherings of the
ition, who have put theigt

meeting was most successful

best efforts into the work of “bettering the
home in all the details of everyday life.” The
City Council extenued the invitation to visit

Toronto, the Mayor pres
evening meetinags, the

for the province addre

ledatoneof the publia
Minister of Education
oi the association, and

the women of ‘Teronto and other Canadtare
Cities turned out in appreciative numbers a®@
the meetings, which extended over three dayad

the interest growinhe wit! locessive meetings
The Presicent of the Canadian braneh of the

association was announced as Mrs. Jd. LL, Hughes,

lly of her hus

the initials being presur those

band, as Mr. Jamies |. Hughes was among the
speakers at one meeting Most of the other
wornen Used theirown Christian names, though

with the prefix Mrs., and their husbands were
not heard from Lhe Prestcent of the associne

tion is Mrs. Linda Hull Larned, otherwise Mra.
Samuel B. Larned of Svracuse, N.Y “Frou.
a small band of earnest workers and logient
minds, not more than thirty all told,” said Mrs,
Latned to her associates, “we have grown to

our present proportions, Which include many
leaders whose influenee extends from the Atle
jiantic to the Pacifie, with the hearty cooperae-
tion and helpfulness of our co-workers io fore
eign countries,”

| In describing the beginning of the assorine

tion, Mrs, Larned said The jamonus Woman's
Congress of the Chicago Bxposition of Laws
first awakened the public mind to the fact thaw
matters pertaining to the household had noe
kept up with the procession of progress.
Pherefore a day was appointed to investigate
this neglected industry, and out of the throes
of that meeting Was born this organization,
which bears the Conprehensive tithe of house=
hold) economics, and ts to-day most de
liwhtfully ebrating its eighth birthday a@
the guest of its nearest neighbor, the Affiliated
Society of Canada.’

Tiprovement in the sanitary conditions of
municipalities, manual training in the puble

 

 

 

schools, the establishment and maintenance
of schools of domestic science, an awakened
interest throughout the country in all things
sanitary and hygienie-these) Mrs. Larned

enumerated as among the things accomplished

 

 

him the wav He always took Granny with | by the various women’s clubs and organiza=
him to the danee hails so he could ride her bar | tions devoted to the study of househoid eco
to his cabin after he had consumed all the beer | nomies. The women through these organiza=
he could hold | tions were beginning to learn that household
One night, fust for fun, some of the men | economies Was not the old-time drudgery «
around the dance hall poured enough beer | personal attention to the petty details of cook
down “Granny's” throat to get herabout “half | ing, sewing and cleaning, but the application
seas over.” Then she reeled into the dance | of setence to the labor of the household
hall like a drunken man and braved at the noisy | Schools of domestic science had appeared
plano From that timeon Granny” was worth- | within recent years in nearly all parts of the
fexa as a paek animal. When the pack was | United States, but were not often self-sup-
on her back and she was started up the | porting, largely for the reason that, catering

 

Pine’
Hil “Granny

* bucked tt off and ran as fast aa

notonly tothe would-be household eniplover, bus

she could for a dance hall, The electric lights, | also to the “neglected household employee, ?
the piano and the beer formed a combination | they were obliged to make the tuition fee to
that “Granny” could not resist, and she became | the lateer practically nominal This in turn

a slave to the liquor babit and a loose character

generally. So her owner decided to send her

to Saloon Keeper Thomas for the Burpone of

breaking her of her bad habits and to be kept
away from evil influences
Granny
and
born to her
Shawwy It and day it

wrew rapidly, one

walked into the saloon and stuck its nose up to
Shaggy" a
giass of beer and she greedily drank the hey-
erage from the glass as the bartender held it to
and now she
without a

the bar. The bartender offered

 

her mouth That turned her head
can safely be termed an tneorrigible,

 

  

protest from a broken-hearted mother, for
Granny” seems to glory in the unusual aetion
of her daughter

Tt was notived that “Shagev” returned

to her mother after drinking her fill of heer that

the kind parent lieked the toam off her daughter's

lips All sorta of pranks were played on
‘Shaggey” by the men who eathered in the
saloon, by “doping” the beer, and she was

teased and tormented until she became like a
‘spoiled child “

She was taught to tale a small
beer in her teeth and earry it ouf to “Granny,”
but she would not carry it until she had been
givenall she wanted. She wasa good drawing

ird for the saloon, for men bought beer just
for the purpose of seeing the little donkey
drink it

Shacev” hecamea regular “erowler rusher,”
and a dozen times a day she would carry beer
out to her mother She learned a few other
things while she was becoming a drunkard,
and when she heard merriment in the saloon,
which was anindieationthat she and her mother
eonld both have a drink. she would take the
pail in her teeth, walk boldly » the saloon

 

 

hunt out some customer that ked “easy
and rub her nose against him ina pleading wa
She always cot what she wanted and waa never

known to pick a “dead one’ that is to say, one
who refaused to treat

One dav Shagev, while very drunk, dronned
the pail of heer she wos carrying to her mother
and the heer was spilled Granny, on seeing

the accident, braved loudly, and her wail must

  

have m t something awful in donkey Jan-
gunee. Shaggy resented the insult, or what-
ever it was, and started in to chastise her

mother

CGiranay had witnessed foo many troubles
{In the dance halls of Cripple Creek to allow her-
sefito he bested Shagev had only fairly
started on the job she had undertaken whens)
fell uneonscions from a right-and-left uppers
from her mother’s heels Shageyv was per-
fectly sober when she came to her senses and
she has not dropped the pail of beer since

Every day exeept Sunday, of course Shag.
ev drinks all the
seen rushing the growler for her ma Mr
Thomas says it ia no use in trying to reform
Granny, and insiste that Shaggy inherited
her tasteforlquor, Drunkard orno drunkard,
however, Shawev has many friends in West
Denver, but children are not allowed to as.
sociate with her on account of her habits

  
 
 

 

 

WOMAN SABBATH LEAGUE.

Meeting at Greenwich to Tre to Stop Sanday
Golf and Other Ontdoor Amusements,
Greexwick, Conn, Oct. 10—Upon the ir
vitation of Mre Lewis DD.) Mason, wife of a
Rrooklvn physician who is a summer
here, a dozen women members of the Metho-

resident

dist, Presbyterian and Congregational churches
of Miss

met this afternoon at the residence
Carll to talk over the matter of forming a
Women's Sabbath Alliance in Greenwich, Men-
hers of the Episcopal Church had been asked
fo attend but sent excuses Miss Mary T
Hunbard, whe isa leading WC T I

 

the State, was President and many present
spoke on what they tl ought should he
one The desecration of Sundays
at the Fairfleld County Golf Club, a stone's
throw from Mra. Mason's retidence, was the

subieet of the most Import touched upon and

was loudiv denounced as teaching the vounger
generation
Commandments. The keeping of ice eam
saloons and drug stores open on Sunday, ey-
cling and driving in carriages, automobiles

reading Sunday newspapers, were denounced

as wicked When one woman spoke of the
milkmen working, the majority declared that
cows muat be milked and babies must have
the milk, ao that this eould not be prevented
on Sunday. Committees were appointed to get

 

was tied in a shed back of the saloon
t was not long until a wee bit of a colt was
The odd little beast was christened

bneket of

beer she wants, and ean be |

worker in

especially caddies, to disobey the

investigation showed to be due in large part
to the fact that in the majority of instances
householders were obliged to pay high wages
for unskilled labor: there was, therefore, not
the “monetary demand for effieteney whiels
we would like to see and are hoping to accome-
| plish

: The President's address informed the gathere

 

} ing that chairs of domestic science or hose.
hold economicsiad been established in “many
of our most substantial colleges,” and thas

there were flourishing departments of hotise-
hold economics in many of the States, The
women of the Farmers’ Institute and the
Grange, she said, were taking an active pars
in the general movement People had come
to see in many of the schools that it was no
Cfeadvantage for boys to be taught. how to
live in a home “And we almost believe,”
Mrs tarned said, “that when the science of
household economies is considered a most
necessary and vital part of every girl's educa-
tion, then the work are striving to do will
have been accomplished,”
| |The President and her associates were not
alone in dwelling upon the importance of the
work in whieh the association is engaged
There was loud applause when the Minister of
Education, the Hon R. Hareourt, also em-
yhasized it, and announced that in the near
+ tite steps would be taken to have the whole
of the studies embraced in the term domestia
selonee taught thoroughly and scientifically in
the three normal schools of the province
Lady Taylor, President of the National Council
of Women of Canada, also addressed the asso-
letation. Mrs. Hoodless of Hamilton, Ont,
| vave eredit to the Ontario Government for
| making the necessary changes in the educa~

 

 

 

 

tional laws to permit of the teaching in. the
achools of this eubie tnearest tothe association'#
heart The Government had conceded a grand
to the college at Hamilton where teachers

 

inight be trained, and was so far as could be
ascertained, the first Government to do so
The convention learned from Miss True=
| blood of Boston what the School of Housekeep-
ing at the Hub is doing, among other things
that in its thirty-five classes of lust year there
| were represented ten States, thirteen cities
| and six colleges The colleges were Wellesley,
| Vassar, Radcliffe, Wesleyan University, the
| University of Michigan and the Woman's
College of Baltimore
| Mrs Hoodless aseribed the excess of ty pe-
writers, teachers and bookkeepers, as con-
| trasted with the searcity of cooks, to the prom-
linence given to those subjects in the publio
where the domestic arts were
lignered” “The bousehold arts need ta he
| recognized as a factor in education she said,
“thereby elevating the same to the dignity, of
yrofession ‘There must be «reater simplices
a for stated work.and

; school system,

 

 

itv. in living, stated pay
the hours of a servant's work must be regue
lated

vland’s departure in
{1 wases for trained
ll said that trained

Aa a result of New Ze
! making laws for graduate
service, Mrs. He

 
   
 
  

 

 

service there w shortly become a trade,
New Zealand had led the way in the solving
of the problem by establishing a labor bureau.
Mrs) Young Gates of Utah, in telling of seme
cooperative experiments in the West gave an
account of one that was on so large a s« ile that
evervthing needed by the shareholder was
mantifactured  especiuaily for the purpose

In one village the women had cooperated in a
bakers. where real home-made bread was
made in a laundry, where no eherite ils were

weed, and in a bakery, where wholesome dite
her were served for 15 cents

Mrs. Sh of New York and Mrs. Washing
ton A. Roebling of New Jersey were among
other speakers opinions of one lone man
were admitted an hearing at one sesaion,
when Mrs. Larned read what he thought. He
was not named, He thought that the present
conditions were due to the fact that for ages
women had let things slide. The problem
would be solved when women arranged their
arranged their business, sys

iler

 

affairs as men

tematioally

 

 

 

    
    

Dr. Everett, relating on bet lf of Mise Amv
von Salis Gerecke the accomplishments of the
Seranton branch of the association, said that
when the women of Seranton had reason to
believethat the city water supply was not what
it shonld be, a nmittee of women made an
Investigation perse ind found that the
water from one of the likes ran through a ple
sty and that some barns drained into the lakes.

They made publie the result of their investle
gations and eveked so muct spular feeling
and support that the conditions were cote
rected, A similar course of action resulted
in the purifieation of the milk supply Miss
von Salis Gerecke did not aver that there was
any direct connection between the second Tee

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

  
 

  

additional members and to report at the next | sult-and the first one ment ned
meeting The convention ened to an account of
---- oe - the Industrial Schoolin Helland, unded by
The Unique Horn of the Unicorn. I Mme. van Keener Volter of Alkmaar, which
is subsidized by the Government Lhe pupils
From the Roaton Journal lof this schoool, it was stated, are in demand
The horn of a unicorn was shown at Wind. | all ove Qolland becatise they are rai ned
sor Castle, and in 1808 was valued at over £10,- derenan industria | “ \y role a d the industrial
00 Lewis Vertomannus, a gentleman of | department of the Sees Club of Loudon,
Rome, saw with his own eves two unicorns | the latter ina paper pre oe by Mrs. Hugh

presented to the Sultan of Mecca by a King of

They were in a park of the Temple
of Mecca, and were not much unlike a colt of

Ethiopia

This was in 1592 The
about the end of the

80 months of age
animal became extinct
seventeenth century

The unicorn is represented in the ruins at
Persepolis, and it was adopted by the Persians
as the ernblemn of speed and strength In the
Middle Ages it was the symbol of purity The
unicorn hated the elephant, and it used to whet
its horn on a stone before it struck the foe in
the abdomen No family, by the way, should
he without one of these horns, the average
length of whieh is four feet Thew defend
from witeheraft, thus Torguemada had «
always on bis writing table Furthermore,
a drinking eup made from one will be a safe.
guard against poison, as will the ground pow-
der put in drink, and indeed, the wells of the
Palace of St) Mark could not be poisoned
in the good old dave of adventure because
these benefleent horns had been thrown into
them  Unicern’s horn was formerly sold by
@pothecaries at $12) an ounce,

 

  

Reid GriMin of London, Presid4@atof the Society

f American Wormer
Miss Anna Barrows said that Comestic scence

 

 

| seernedto be a development f the higher edue
cation of women. Still, with the chaflog dieh
land boys’ cooking classes the * appeared @

 

josaibilitw that the science mucht be taken up

 

 

 

    

ymen. Mrs, Floret Kel i this city gave
an account of the Consumers’ League and bee
leought ber hearers to take nothing on fatth;
she wished them to inquire pers uly into cone
ditions and make purchases only where
| conditions were found to be wood
The aweociation expects to hold its meeting
Pnext vearat Buflalo during e Pan-Amerioan
Exhibition, The Miers t e association
fare Mre Ellen Mo tHerotir rary Prest-
i dent, Chicago. Dr. Mar kr ¢ 1, Honorary
Vice-President, (har e Miho Mere Linda
flull Larned, Preadent, Svricase, N.Y.) Dire
Mary Moody Pus «Preident, Omaha, Neb.
Mics Filen F Mar ul, Seeretary- Creasurer,
( hieng Mr i \e k W. Backer Corre-
sponding Secretary, Svracuse M Amy von
Falis Gerecke, chamluau Ire Co

Scranton, Pa.

ee

a

et ee
tl

erm

-~

_

a

a

a