HE STORY OF HUNCH BADEAU.

Copyright, 1900, by S S McClure Co.
CHAPTER Xt

the station in the even

ing and was standing on the platform when

Huoch stepped off the train mv, walked

up together and were half way to the room

before Bruce said -
‘Ss ! bout It
“Say, Hunch how a
“It's bad She didnt have enough to eat

or keep her warm She's going to live at oe
Cartier’s place and take her meals there It's
@ cood des! cheaper'n aoe other I told her
coming down Sundays
abe hive ‘d “e aay, Huneh? What'd she say?
Anything sr al’ Tell me about It.
‘Guess there ain't nothing to tell |
“Seams to me it's kind of funny if @ man
can't find out nothing about his own wie |
You was down there and you see her all day.
I don’t seo why I ain't got a right to know

about! 7
ob, shut up, You ain't got a right to nothing

from the way ¥ ou've treated her.”
here, Huneh Badeau, you've got to

Rrace came down to

[ook

tell me
How long you been saying what | got fo

do and what IT ain't got to do?
rhat’sall right, but-—
Ves, it’s dead right.”
HKruce stopped and took Ifunch'’s arm
lake your hand off me
Bruce's hand dropped
“Now, don'taet ugly, Hunch
to know about her l aln't seen her fora good

while

1 just wanted

 

 

 

  

 
 

 

 

 

 

  
   

Well, do you think that’s my fauit? Fl
tell you about her, She's fixed up where she's
got enough to eat and drink, and she's got
people to talk to and chirp her up, and she's
waiting for you to come down next Sunday
If vou're man enotue to keep straight and
wo down there and do » sgiiare thing, you
wont find me in your wry If vou ain’t, you
can go to hell for all Leare

Hruce was silent and they climbed to the
room and went to bed

\ day or two later Mr, dackson sent for
Huneh

Kadeau he said, “how about this man
Considine .

How do you mean?

“What {of work is hedoing |

Ajj right asfar ‘a loan see

He's a friend of yours, aint he?

yes, he used to work for me wher 1 had
the schooner

[ tell you, Badeau, I've had some com-
plaints about him You know | don't want
ans man that can't do the work

[think he sdoing pretty good sir

Well, Pil count on you to keep an eye on
bit you eatch him loafing don't waste
ary on hi

A went over the conversation in the
evening with Bruce. It frightened Bruce and
he de promises which he kept for the rest
of the week

They did not*talk about Mamie until Sat-
urday oight, after they had been sitting by
the stove r a lone time in silence, Brice
was nervous

say, Hunech,” he said, “would you go down
if vou was me?

Where?

You know -down to Mame’s to-morrow.”

“Would I go? What you talking about

“IT don't Know. What do you s'pose she'll
oy”

“| guess you know what she ought fo say,
@li right

Do vou think she'll be mad?
Oh you shut up!

Bruce went to bed early, but Huneh heara
him tessing until late In the morning he Was
moods

Huneh he said, after breakfast, what
tine does the train wo down?
"Bout halfan hour’

Siv. Es'pose | might as well take it as the

noo trait

taint mine
Say, Hunch

“That's your business
Well, Tcuess Twill
—<'pose vou come along

Tl tell rou

“Ciness not

I don't tnean nothing, Huneh but vou've
been talking to her, and you know how to kind
of quiet her [never could, somehow

‘Look here, Bruce, | aint going to-day or any

    

 

das Taint going at all Understand? You
needn't tel! her Tsaidthat, though
Ciuess I'd better bestarting eh, Huneh?”
Guess vou had
Come on down to the d You ain't got
pothing to de
Atthe station Hunech said
“Got any money?
No, Laint got much
Here's a little No drinking, now
On my honor, Huneh, T wont drink a drop
Do vou think a man would drink when he's
eoiug down to see his own wite Huneh? Do
youthink

You better get aboard
Goodby, Hunch, Uilget back to-night

In the evening Hunel met the Manistogee
train Bruce did not get off Huneh looked
for him on Monday tnorning, but had no word

from him At noon he was called to Mr dack-
son's offlce

“Badeau,” said his emplover when that
Considine gets back to work you send him to me
for his time

Huneh hesitated

Uli tell you, Mr Jackson He went
esterday to see his wite Their kid
fiitte while ago, and likes not she’s sick

Think so?

Ms work

down
died a

is pretty light to-day IT thought
mebhe T could get off for the afternoon train
ald sort of look him up T can get back to-
night, you know You see, if he wets laid off
it'll come kind of hard on his wife

 

 

All right, go ahead But, say, Badeau,
holdonaminute. We're not rinning @ charity
hospital, vou know. We can't give that man
Thuch rape

Hunch said, “Yes, sir,” and went out. He

reached Manistogee at supper time and picked
Then he hurried

up a hasty meal at the hotel

over to Cartier’s house. Cartier let him in
Hello doe” said Hunch Bruce here?
Cartier hesitated

       
 
  
  

 

Yes, | guess he's upstairs

\ ~ay,Huneh, comeinthe parlor a minute
Towa o talk te vou

What's the matter?

"Wal ww Bruce came down vesterday

morning. and ‘long about noon To guess thes
Qiarreliet a little Me and my wife, we didn't
listen, but we couldn't help hearing Bruce talk
And then HKruce went out

On, said Huneh, “drank?”

 

 

Net so bad as I've seen him, but he come
in kind of uelv, and he’s got some up there
brought it back with him. Seems kind of too
had ] didn’t feel quite ‘s if | eould do any-
thi You see it aint really none of my busi-
ness

Hunech went upstairs and knocked at the
door There wa tir inside and he could hear
Brure gr bing and Mamie whispering Then
Mamie opened the door o few tnehe When

   
 

 

she looked at Hune the or left her faceand
she Jeaned against the door
all right said Hunch, “Ll come for
hime
Oh.” faltered Mamie
Who's there?” called Bruce. “Who you |

whispering to’

Mamie hesitated and looked at Hunch He
gently brushed her aside, saying “Lemme
come in.” |

‘Who is it?” said Bruce. He was lying on
the bed, hisclothing mussed, his facered. Hunch
stood by the bed and looked down at him

“What vou doing here?” growled Bruce.
*What right you got coming ina man's house?”

Hunch looked at his watch

‘Come on “ he said “We've got to wet back
en thistrain.”

“Who's goin’ back? 1 aint goin’ back.
en out of here, will you?”

Hunch took his arm and pulled him up

Bruce sat on the edge of the bed

“Comeon, Bruce; get moving.”

“Go'way.”

Hunch turned to Mamie

“Where's his hat, Miss’ Considine?”

Bruce stood up

“What'sthat? What vou saying to my wife?
Tha's my wife, Hunch Badeau. She's a lady
Yon can't talk to my wife “

Mamie stood at the foot of the bed. watching
the two mee. nervously

“Bruce,” said Hunch
alone *

‘Don't vou think you'd better go, dear?”
said Mamie, timidly

“Whatsthat? You want to getridof me. too,
eh? Oh. montoyoutwo You can't fool me,
you can't. You're pretty smart, Hunch Ba-
deau, sneaking down to see my wife—-—'

Hunch gripped Bruce's arm and jerked him
outof the room They were at the top of the
stairs when Mamie came to the door

Go

“shut up and come

“Here's his hat.” she said. “You'd better
take it, | guess.”
“Thanks.” said Hunch. without looking at

ber. and he hurried Brice down the stairs

CHAPTER X11

The next morning Bruce was still in hed
when Hunch went to work. MeGuire did not
appear with the other men, and at noon his
brass © eck still hung on its nail in the time
keeper's shanty Shortly after lunch Bruce
and McGuire, both a little the worse for drink-
ing, appeared and went to work with the gang

  

Hunch had gone up to the mill and did not aee
them until his return. When he came near
they were dawdling over their work. chuck-

ling together over some incident of the morn-

ing.
“What you two doing here?” Hunch
asked
oul, 108 started and moved away from Me-
uire >

“Speak up.”

MeGuire muttered, “Guess we know what
we're doing

“Look here.” said Hunch
efice and get vour time

MeGuire lowered his canthook.

“What -what you say?’

we on. aes $6 to me.”

eGuira dropped his canthook and eta:

ever d eta ted

“you go to the

“Come back here, MoGuire. Pick that up.”

MocGuire muttered.

“What's that you're saying?”

‘l ain't saying nee

Hunch started toward him, but checked
hirnself.

“Pick up that canthook, McGuire.”

MeGulre obeyed and walked slowly away.
Huneh turned to Bruce, who stood looking on
with his mouth open,

What are you gaping there for, Considine?
Go ‘long’

“Where?”

“Go and get your time.
with you

Bruce stood still looking stupidly at Hunch,

“What?” he said finally, “you ain't 7

“Get off the job, Understand? You're laid
off, We don't want you.”

Bruce slowly lifted his canthook to his
shoulder. He stared at Hunch until Huneh
turned away. then he walked over to where
McGuire was standing and walked away with
mn

Tate in the afternoon they came back and
hung around watching the gang at work, They

We're through

| had been drinking again, and MeGuire had a bot-

tle in his pocket which he pulled out frequently,
They were talking loud and laughing
rheir actions drew the attention of the men
and annoye!l Hunch, though he sald nothing
for a long time. Finally Bruce and MeGuire
bean calling at the men, growing bolder in
their remarks, At last MeGuire called: “You
fellows mus’ like working for tha’ dam’ fool,”
and Huneh walked toward thein
‘You'll have to move away from here,” he
said. “Wecan't have you disturbing the work,’
Go ‘way,” MeGuire replied. “You can’t
touch us, We ain't on your job
quick, or

Stop that, MeCuire Get ont,
(ll throw vou out

MeGuire laughed, Hunch went to bim and
pulled him to his feet,

«@ £00 me.” said MeGuire. “lake your
band off o' me
Hunch began dragging him away. Me-
Guire hung baek, protesting and threaten-
ing. Bruce walked slowly after them, shak-

ing his head and talking to himself. MeGuire

brace! his feet Hunech gave him a wrench
that nearly threw him, and MeGuire struck
at him. Bruce watched the struggle, the old

drunken cunning light in his eves Then he
ran forward and jumped on Hunch’s back,
pounding him about the face and head, Hunch
staggered, but recovered and caught McGuire
with his knuckles squarely on the side of the

jaw MeGuire stagwered back Bruce had
both arms around Huneh's neck and) was try-
ine to choke him Hiunch a@ripped Bruce's
wrists and slowly pulled them forward until
their hold was loosened. ‘Then he turned
juickly, took held of Bruce's shoulders. and
threw himagainsta rile of cut timber Brue

struck hard, and seemed for a moment to be
clinging to the pile Then he fell on his face

Some of the men were running toward then
One was calling

I <een it, Huneh! It weren't your fault! 1
seen it!

Hunech stood panting, as the men gathered
around

Better see if he's hurt,” he said

They rolled Bruce over His face was cov-
ered with blood One of the men brought
some water from the riverin his bat and washed
it off

MeCGiuire stood at one side, rubbing his cheek
Hunch ordered him away, and he went with-

out a word rhe other men were crowding
around Bruce One of them looked up and
said

I guess he's done for, Hunch ”

CHAPTFR XIII

Tt was a cold dav in Manistee The snow
lay in high banks on both sides of the street
ear tracks with paths cut through at the cross-
ings andin front of the larger stores, under foot
it ereaked and crunched = Men walked briskly
keeping their hands in their pookets or holding
and pausing at the
look at the red

 

er ears and noses
eorner to

them o
drug
thermometer

It was close to noon and a number of men
were coming down @ flight of stairs which
reached the sidewalk a few doors beyond the
drug store he last one was Huneh Badeau
with his ulster collar turned up, his cap pulled

store on the

   

 

over his ears and his tur iftens or Whet
they reached the street two of the other men
turned and shook hands with him, but he had
nothing to say, and a moment later he was
walking alone, slowly, up the bridge approach
The examination was over and he was free
His case had not reached a trial, for he had
killed Considine plainly in self-defence

A lone row of se oners, steamers and tugs
lav alonaside the docks on both sides of the
narrow river. On most of the sehooners a
length of <tovepipe carne outofacabin window
and a few w sor smoke, winding lazily out
to be snatehed away by the wind, showed that
many a Sailor was lying dormant during the

winter months. Hiuneh lingered on the bridge
He had once spent a winter in Chicago ona
big schooner, locked up snugly in the north
branch, near Goose Island eating and sleeping
amoking and swapping varns. and hel rite
to drink up somebody's summer profits “hat
it seemed to Hunch a

 

 

was a lona while age
dim part of some past life before he had ever
met a woman other than the rough girls of
the Chieagwo levee and the north Peninsula
stockades

Mr Jackson had told Huneh that he need
not go bick to work that day. so he climbed
to his mand saton the chair by the window
Hriuce’s things were Iving about the roon

the bureau, his Sunday elothes
over a chair in the closet, his shoes under the
foot of the hed Hunech got up and began
to get them together without knowingeractly
why he was doing it He packed what he
could in the patent leather valise. and made
up the rest into bundles, borrowing paper and
string from the landlady. Then he sat down

his razor on

again, but hefore long, too restless to stay
vlone, he put on his coat and walked ont to the
mill Mr Tackson was standing near the
waste dump with a men orandium hook in his
hand

“Well, Radeau, what's the matter?”

Nothing guess Tmight’s well get to work ”

Justas vou like
The men looked surprised when he foined
them He was nervous, and he worked both

hirnself and them at apace that worethem out
in a few hours tut at @ o'clock, when the
whistle blew and he put on his coat and went
to the boarding house, he felt refreshed

On Sunday, after several days of }
aver the best wav to get Bruce's things to
Mamie. Hunech gathered up the bundles and
the valise and took the noon train to Marts.
togee He sat for two hours in the station
hefore he could makeup his mindtotake them
to Joe Cartior When he finally knocked
at the door Joe's wife opened it

 

\tating

 

 

How dive do, Mr Badeau Come in, wont
vou?
‘No, T ean't,” said Hunth “Held on, ves

T will, too, justaminute Where's Joe?”

“Here he is,” replied Joe himself, coming
through the hall in his shirtsleeves “Come
in and sit down

Huneh stepped in and dropped the bundles
in the corer

Can [sneak to rou a minute, Joe?”

Surething Walk inthe front room = Mar-

 

tha. | eonld ewear Hrunch «int had his dinner
Fetch out some of the chicken and potatoes
Tt ain't se het as ‘twas, Muneh, but it's good
plain stuff Good enough for us, aint. if,
Martha?’

ee | vou, Mis’ Cartier TI can stay,

 

| honest, [hadsome grub any how"
But Joe's wife hurried outto the kitchen,
leaving Joe and Hunch in the front room
“Take off your coat, man,” said Joa,"“What
you getting so bashful about all of a sudden?"
Zunch buttoned his coat nervously
“Ia shestaving here vet, Joe?”
| “Who's that vou mean, Hunch? Bruce's
wife? She's going to her father’s to-morrow."
“How's that happen?”
| “Well, I'll tell you) Huneh—vou won't say
| nothing about it, of course, but when Bruce
when he died, you know-and I knowed that
| girl didn't havea cent anywheres, and worse'n
| that if you count his debts, I just thought kind
of that the old man he didn't know quite how
| things stood or he wouldn't be so ugly. You
| see, don't you?”
Huneh nodded
| “And of course I couldn't say nothing to
her, vou know, ‘cause she'd think first thing
| 1 meant something about the rent—she's a
| touchy little thing, you know —so Says to
Martha, ‘Martha, vou just take vour work’
| this was Thursday - ‘Martha,’ J says, ‘vou just
take your work and go up to Mis" Banks’ and
| set down and have a good old Jaw with the old
| lady She'll let vou talk to her,’ I says, ‘cause
she used to be your Sunday school teacher
and she's always took a shine to you = An
you just lay out the whole thing, and tell her
that if she ain't wanting to lose the respect of
one grocer in this town ehe'd better just leave
go of one of them missionary societies of hers
and watch out a little for her own daughter’
| Martha, she felt kind of delicate about going
but she went down, just the same, and tackled
the old lady, and when she come back her eves
was like she'd been crying, so I knowed ‘twas
' all right, and I didn't say nothing And sure
enough t night old Banks himself came
around and stood up stiff in the door and says
‘Is my daughter here, Cartier?” He always
calls me Joe, vou know, and I calls him George
hut that ain't no matter” [ says yes, and he
goes upstairs, and then Martha and T we just
keeps out of the way in the kitchen se's he eould
f° out without running into any of us But
ong about 940 he comes out and knoeks on the
kitchen door and says) ‘My dauchter’s coming
to my house And says, When” and
he says, ‘Monday,’ and ‘Let me know what the

 

 

board'll amount to’ And you see, Huneh,
1 was kind of foolish myselt, so T just says,
“All right, George,” and then he goes out So

the girl's wong to
that's something
Hunch rose and slowly buttoned his ulster
You @ive her them things, won't you, Joe?
T dunno as I'd say anything about my bringin’
‘ern down

keep alive, anyhow, and

 

 

 

Why, hold on, man, vou ain't going now
Martha's out wetting some dinner for vou.”

Sorry,” said Huneh IT got to get back.”

Oh, pshaw, Huneh, this ain't right. Wait a
minute, anvhow I guess Miss. Considine
would like tosee you, She'sright upstairs

No." said Huneh slowly, “she ‘don't want
to « me

Cartier looked at him, a little surprised,

then suddenly grew embarrassed
forgot,” he said I clean forgot
i don't s‘pose she does

Bunch turned end felt for the cour knob,

Ne, f

 

 

 
   
     

ae Siti tes

Mrs. Cartier was coming in from the kitchen,
and she hurried forward,

“Don't let him go now, Joe, His dinner's
all ready.”

‘That's right,” Joe urged, “You see you
can't wo, Hunch.”
‘I'm sorry,” said Hunch,

"Good day
He hurried out, and left Joe and his wife looking
at each other

Hunch had been back in Manistee neurly a
week when one day he received a letter in
a perfurmed envelope, like the ones Bruce used
toget when they were togetheron the sehooner,

e carried it in his pocket all the afternoon,

and at night, wondering what she could have
to say, and yet not daring to open it and find
out, he set It upon his bureau, taking it up
every few minutes and turning it over in his
hance In the morning when he awoke and got
out of bed to light the lamp and dress it was
there on the bureau staring at him, He held
ituptothe light several times, then tore off
the end of the envelope and drew out the letter,
It was a stiffly worded little note, thanking him
for bringing Bruce's things, and was signed,
Yours truly, Mary Considine.” Huneh could
not tell why it made him happy He read
it over and over, the first letter she had ever
written to him, almost the first letter any one
had written to him. He stood -by the lamp
holding it in his hand

Phen suddenly he thought of Bruce, and the
letter dropped to the table and lay there for
long tine untouched, while he dressed with
clumay fingers. But before he went out to
work he put it away in his inside pocket. It
staved there for a long time, and sometimes
in tho evenings, long afterward, he would take
it out and read it again

T'o be continued

HOW SHAG ROCK WENT UP.

The Sight Produced by Firing Ten Tons of
Nitro-Gelatine in San Francisco Bay,
From the San Franciaco Chronicle
nitro-welatine were exploded
at 2413 o'clock yesterday afternoon on the
summit of Shag Rock No, 2, half amile north
of Alcatraz Island and seventeen feet beneath
the surface of the bay. Asaresult the hidden
menace to navigation was shattered and specs
tators were afforded one of the grandest spec-
tacles ever witnessed in this part of the world

Ten tons of

Impressive as was the picture presented by
the blowing up of Shag Rock No. 1 on the after-
noon of April 30 last, it could not be compared
in majestic beauty with yesterday's display

Not only did the explosive ma-
terials used yesterday exceed by an entire
ton the quantity used in levelling the first rock,

amount of

but the column of water which shot upward
from the depths was  unspotted by the
earthen crust) of the shattered rock, and
for several seconds after reaching Its

greatest height shone splendidly in the bright
hike a gigantic column At the
base, as the great mass poised high in the air
with its curling top and s ides formed of rageed,
spear-like points, @ yellow pedestal rose to a
height of apparently twenty feet and appeared
to hold the massive column safe above the
turbulent surface of the bay 4 moment later
there wasa crumbling at the apex andthe dust-
like spray fell away in the air and shrouded
the surmmit, which only an instant before had
shone with such distinetness, Then there was
a noiseless shattering of the huge pile The
column parted, slowly at first, the sections
following one another with increasing rapidity
and erushing the 7 estal into nothingness
Where the shaft had stood a fleecy cloud hid the
water asif the great snow-white column had
inatwinkling been resolvedinto dust Around
the edges came the bubbling yellow, the en-
circling waves carrying the discoloration to a
wide radius. Only a moment the white eloud
hung over the apot and the magnificent vision
wasa thing of the past

In the opinion of Contractor Rudolph Axman,
as well as of those who looked on, the explosion
vesterday Was a greater success than the one
that destroved the first Shag Rock, and when
soundings are taken this morning it is expected
that a depth of fully thirty feet will be found
The provisions of the contract with the ¢
ernment require that a depth of at least thir
feet at low water sliall exist. where the rocks
stood. In the case of Shag Rock No 1, which
protruded its head ten feet above the surface, the
nine tons of nitro-welatine cleared away the rock
to a depth of over twenty feet below the su rface
In the present instance the summit of Shag
Rock No. 2, having been seventeen feet halow the
surface at the beginning, if ts ¢ onfidently be-
lieved that the required depth has been iftained
by the explosion of the ten tons of nitro-gelatine

In order to remove the {000 cube y irds of
matter which was composed of hardsandstone,
mixed with quartz and having sub-strata of
basalt, it was necessary to place 150 charges
of nitro-glatin® in position, and to these 300
fuses were connected by Electrical Engineer
Frank Broili and his assistant, GB. Blane hard
The explosive is seven or @ight times as pow-
erful as black powder and is insoluble, It
was lowered to the toy of the rock in bags and
placed systeniatically in crevices over the sum-
mit, the fine weather of the last few days aiding
materially inthe ditlentt work The last charge
Was put into position ats o'clock Tuesday night
and all the charges were given a double cap
Yesterday morning the final work of the elec-
trical engineers was accomplished, Contractor
Axman having determined the previous even-
ing @that the explosion could fake place yves-
terday at noon or early in the afternoon Less
publicity had been given to the event than to
the previous one, but hundreds of people had
secured points of vantage for the sight and
waited patiently until the explosion took place

The tug Lottie removed the mast and lighter

1}
sun marble

 

 

  

 
 

 

 

 

 

from over the rock early in the afternoon,
the cable connecting with the nitro-gelatine
being attached to the lighter Five minutes
hy re the explosive was i nited the Lottie

blew a long blast of her whistle, another blast
was blown four minutes later and sixty seconds
later, or at o'clock, the mighty geyser
was sent skyward The charges were fired
by a emall drnamo on the lighter operated by
four men

Following the descent of thecolimnof water,
«mall boats made haste to reach the discolored
water in quest of Many rock cod, perch,
sardine and fish of other varieties were picked
up, perhaps the finest specimen being a 45-
pound sea bass

 

fish

 

As soon as Contractor Axman is aasured of
a suMicient depth of water over the rock he
will begin operations on Arel Rock, the most

notable of the remaining obstacles in the bay
While only 2,800 cubie vards of Shag Rock No 1
and vards of Shag rock No 2 have
ty he removed there are 25,000 euble vards
of Arch Roek whieh will be removed in order to
give a depth over the rock of thirty feet at
low water

Loom cube

S\AIL ISLFE'S QUEFR BEACH.

 

 

The Caase of Its Changing Color With Every
Rise and Fall of the Tide.

From the Denver Evening Post

“& day's sail New Orleans liew Snafl
» strange and lonely island with a broad,
low, sandy heach that changes color with every
of the tide,” said Y. Burne Zelieks of the
City Mr. Zelieks is a man of wealth
and leisure, whose chief delight is vachting,
and the outlines of his stanch and handsome
racht, the Sea Guill, are familiar to the sea-
faring men in Southern waters. He is fond
of the Gulf of Mexico, and spends his winters
cruising slong its shores,

“Snail Isle, as the sailors call it,” said Mr.
Zelieks, “is scarcely more than two miles long,
Half covered by the warm waters of the Gulf
at high tide, it seerns to bear a charmed exiat-
ence Other islands larger and higher than
it have been swept away by the heavy storms.
Yet the little, low ving island 18 as large togday
asit was fifty vears ago, the old sailors tele,

‘— ts sands are of golden yellow color, and
when the rising tide spreads over the wide,
shell-strewn beach, the gilded bits of earth
giisten in the sunlight. Kut when the tide
ebbs, a marvellous change takes place. The
golden sands become purple as if by magie
Men who see it for the first time rub their evens
jest they be dreaming. As the tide recedes
the purple deepens, and the once bright glit
tering beach becomes dark as the roval robes
of an empress, Old sailors who have sailed
round the world gaze at the heach in bewtld-
erment, They have never seen its like before
It {s a sight never to be forgotten, an astound.
{ng spectacle. Scientific men are startled

"From the deck of the ‘Sea Gull’ T watched
the beach ehange color one winter afternoon
The splender of the Southern sun shone over
sea and land The sands of the isle seemed
more truly golden than any | had ever seen

frem

Tele

flaw
Crescent

before. The tide, which had been at a stand-
still for a few moments, began to turn back
to the ocean. Fascinated by the beauty of

the heach with its waving fringe of green leaved
palms, [ stood by the howsprit, gazing shore-
ward. Suddenly the color seemed to darken
Astonished, [ glanced more keenly at the seene
Over the broad expanse of glimmering sand

a purple wave was spveading ‘What can
it 'e” LL wondered. Richer and richer grew
the purple hue, and | realized that my eves

were not deceiving, Beside me, smiling with

 
   

satisfaction at my astonishment, steed our
pilot, Bob Allen. In answer tomy hasty ques-
tion, he ordered the gig lowered and silently

stepped into the boat Tl followed and away
we were swiftly rowed toward the shore As
we drew near FE beheld upon the beach myriads
of jittle erawling purple objects Springing
ashore as the boat touched sand | picked up
one of the tiny spots of color It was a snai

Wonderfully purple in hue and as large as
peanits, the strange crustaceans had colored
the beach When the tide falls they issue
forth from the wet sand in search of food with
remarkable rapidit The old adages about
the slowness of snails would not apply to the
purple oneson Snaillsie They have dongated
hedies and can crawl alinost as rapidly as small
crabs They are delicious tidbits when daintily
cooked, and after the suggestion of Capt. Allen

we ate many of therm heir shells are singu-
larly beautiful when first secured, but soon
fade into a dull gray color

‘There are many beautiful) islands along

the Gulf coast, but bone has forme the attraction
of Baw lies,

THE SUN,

SN

 

  

PRISONERS OF WAR,

By o.”

 

Copyright, 1900, by Arthur Quiller-Couch,

You've heard tell, I dare say, about Land-
lord Cummins and Billy Bosistow, and the great
jealousy there was between them, No? Why
it got into the law courts!

Landlord Cummins--he that used to keep
the Weleome Home married an aunt of mine
on my mother's side. ‘The boys used to call
him Calves-in-Front because of his legs being
put on in an unusual manner, which made hitn
walk slow all his days, and Billy Bosistow
was my father's father's stepson, You needn't
take any trouble to get that clear in your mind,
because our family never owned him after he
came home from the French war prisons and
took up with his drinking habits

In the year '25 Landlord Cummins got hime
self elected Mayor of the borough. Well, on that
July forenoon, when the mayoralty seating
took place out upon the steps of the town hall
stepped Landlord Cummins, Mayor, with the
town crier and maces before him, and his robes
banging handsomely about his calves, and his
beaver hat and all the rest of the paraphernalia,
prepared to march to church

While he stood there, bawling to a score of
people, and looking as big as bull's beef, who
should step out from the pavement under ts
but Uncle Billy Bosistow! He was a ragged
old searecrow turned a bit gray and lean with
iniquitous living, but not more than half drunk
and he stepped into the middle of the roadway
and cut a low reverence to his worship, flinging
out his leg like a dancing master. And says he
ina high eackle, very solemn, but mocking

‘T salute thee, O Mayor! Do justice,
merey and walk humbly before thy God.”

Put that damn fool in the stocks!” eried his
Worship, very red in the gills and speaking
Vvieious

Off went Uncle Billy between two constables,

but no sooner was he out of the stocks than he

love

brought an action for false imprisonment, and
the Mavor wae cast in damages £:

Billy's revenue didn't stop here
putting the money by, the old varmint laid it
outinthe best way he could to annoy his enemy
Every free Saturday he put a sovereign in his
pocket and started the round of the public
houses, always beginning with Cummins’s own

 

Instead of

house, the Welcome Home Cummina, you
see, couldn't refuse to serve him—the law
wouldn't allow it) So he'd puil out a brand

new sovereign and slap it on the counter and
ever

“Ah.” he'd say, “it wasa dear friend gave me
that there coin. His heart's in the right place
which is more’n can be said for his calves
Two pennyworth of gin please, your Worship =
And the end was that he'd be up before the
Mayor on Monday morning charged with drunk-
enness No use to fine him: he wouldn't pay
but went to jailinstead

‘Ten vears was Lin prison,” he'd say, address-
ing the bench, “along with his Worship there
I don't know what ‘twould appear to him who
came back and got the Weleome Home, but 1
didn't, and ten days don’t frighten me

Now you'll be wanting to know what made
these two men hate each other, for friends they
had been, as two men ought to be who had heen
taken prisoners together and spent ten years in
captivity to the French, and came home aboard
the same ship like brothers

First of all, you must know, that up
year ‘03 Abe Cummins and Bill Bosistow hadn't

known what it is to quarrel or miss meeting
each other every day Abe, the elder by a
vear, Wasa bit slow and heavy on his pins, given
to reading, too, though he seemed to take it up
for peace and more than for at

show he made of his learning. Bill was smarter

to the

 

quietness

 

ilrogether and better looking; a bit boastful,
after the manner of young chaps Hle could
read, too, but never did much at it You'd

hardly have thought the two young fellows so dif-
ferent inevery way could have hit it off together
as they did But these were like two feures
in a puzzle block. their very difference es seemed
to make them fit. These two held off sweet-
hearting right along until Christmas of the year
‘og, when they came home from Porthleven to
spend a fortnight at Ardevora, and they beth
fell in love with Selina Johns

Selina Johns wasn't but just husband high,
turned 18, and her haironly putupa week before
she having begged her mother’s leave to twist
it in plaits for the Christmas courants Abe and
Billy each knew the other's secret almost before
he knew hisown

And what they did was to have it ont like good
fellows and agree to wait a couple of years,
unless any third party should interfere, and
then let the best man win. No bad blood after
ward: they shook hands upon that That
January, being tired of the trade, they
shipped together on board a conster fer the
Thames, and reshipped for the vage home
ward on board the brig Hand in Glove ot Lon-
don. bound for Devennort

Rv reason of celay the Hand in
well astern of the convoying fleet and couldn't
make up her distance That evening a Freneh
lueger crept up on her, hove a grapnel aboard

free

 

Glove started

 

 

and threw twenty well-armed Johnnies into
the old brig The seven Englishmen, taken
unprepared, were driven down below and
shut down while the Johnnies altered the

brig’s course and set away for France
Farly the next morning the two vessels were

close off Dieppe harbor, and there, when the
tice suited, they were taken Inside, and the
prisoners put ashore at nightfall and lodged

 

thy round tower, swarm.
ing with vermin. On April 1 -Easter Sunday,
(‘ve heard it was they were told to wet ready
for marching. and handed over, making twenty-
five in all, with the crews of two other
to a Lieutenant and a guard of foot so
Nota man of them knew where they were bound
Thev set out through a main pretty country,
where the wheat stood near about knee high,
but the roads were heavy after the spring rains
Mostly they came to a town for their night's
halt, and as often as not the townsfolk drummed

for three dave ina

 

 

 

them to jail with what we call the “Rogue's
March,” but in France [ believe it's “Honors
of War,” or something that sounds politer
than ‘tis. But there were times when they
had te put up at a farmhouse by the read, and

then the poor chaps slept on straw fora treat

 

 

Well, on the last dav of the fortnight they
reached their journes’s end 4 great fortress
on a rock standing right over the river, with
a town Ivinag around the foot of the reek, and
a smaller town, reached by a bridge of boats,
onthe far side of theriver, Tean't call to mind

the name of the river, but the towns were enlled
Jivev -Great and Little Jivvy.* The prison
stood at the very top of the rock, on the edge
of a cliff that dropped a clean 400 feet to the
river: not at all a pretty place to get clear of,
and none so cheerful to live in on a day's allow-
ance of one pound of brown bread, half a pound
of bullock’a offal, pais rye Bogen in money
(paid weekly, and most of t deducted for prison
repairs,, and now and then a noggin of peas
t was now that the difference in the two

men came out Abe took his downfall vers
qulet from the first. He had managed to keep
a book in his pocket a book of vovages it was

and carry it with himall the way from Dieppe,
and it really didn't seem to matter to him.that
he wasshut up so long as he could sit ina corner
and read about other folks travelling, In the
second vear of thelr captivity an English clergy-
man, a Mr Wolfe, lent hirn an old hook on
navigation — Hamilton. Moore's, and over
that Abe would sit by the hour, with his room-
mates drunk and fighting round him, and copy
out tables and work out sums, Aji his money
went in pen and ink instead of theliquor which
the jailors s®ueeled in,

 

Billy Bosistow was avery different pair
of shoes Although no drinker by habit, he
fretted and wo himself down at times to

a lowness of spirits in which nothing seemed

to serve him but drinking, antl flerce drink-
ing On his better days he was everybody's
favorite, but when the mood fell on him he

grew tensy and fit to set his right hand quar-
relling with his left Then came the drinking
fit, and he'd wake ont of that like a man dazed,
sitting in a corner and brooding for days to-
gether

He had two things to brood upon--escape
and Selina But confinement is the rmiination
of some natures, and as_year after year went
by and his wits broke themselves on a stone
wall he grew into a very different man from
the handy lad the Johnnies had taken prisoner
One thing he never gave up and that was
his pluck; and he had plenty of use for it when,
after seven years, his chance came

His first contrivance yas to change names
with an old American in the deport It so hap-
wned that the captain of a French privateer
vd applied to the prison for a crew of for-
signers to man his ship then lying at) Morlaix
The trick. by oiling the jailer’s palm, was man-
aged easily enough, and away Hosistow was
marched with twenty comrades of ail nations
But at the first stage some recruiting
officers stopped them, insisting that they were
Trish and not Americans, and must be enlisted
to serve with Bonaparte’s army in Spain The

prisoners to a man refused to hear of it.and |

the end was they were marched back to prison
in disgrace, and, to cap everything i they
English allowance stopped on pretence that
they had been in the French service
Yet this brought him oa second chance, for

being now declared an Irishman, he managed
to get himself locked up with the Irish. on the
handler side of the prison, and that same night
hroke out of a window with two other fellows,
ent over the nrisen wall and hid In the woods
bevond  DButonthe second day a party of wood
races «laced thom with guw end ceriured

SUNDAY,7OCTOBER 14, 1900.

 

—_—_—_$_ ————

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

,and were condemned

 

them, and back they we
to #ix years inirons
This as it turned out, didn't amount to much
for, while they were waiting to be marched off
to the galleys the jailer came with news that a
son Was born to the kmperor, and they were
vardoned inbhonorofit, Butinsteadof putting
hem back in their old quarters, he fixed ther
up for a fortnight ina room by themselves, be-
ing fearful that such bad characters would con-
taminate the other prisoners, ‘This room was
an upstairs one, ina building on the edge of the
ramparts, and after a few nights they broke
through the ceiling into an empty chamber,
which hada Window lookérgon the roof, lowered
themselves on to the edge of the precipice and
took their way northward across the flelds,
steering by the pole star anda fine comet W hich
they guessed to be in the northwest quarter
You see the difference between these (Wo fel-
lows and how little Providence made of it.
Back in Jivvy Abe Cummins was staring at this
saine comet out of his prison windows, and do-
ing his sums and thinking of Selina Johns
And here was Bosistow following it up for free~
dom —with the upshot that he made the coust
and was taken like a lamb inthe attempt to hire
@ passage, and marched from one jail toanother,
clean back the whole length of France, pretty
Well to the Mediterranean Sea. And then he
Was shut up ina prison on the very top of the
Alps and twice as far from home as he had been
before * ‘That's a moral against folks in a
hurry if ever there was one
Well, he broke out of prison again and was
brought back half starving, and ‘twasn’t till
Christmas of the year ‘18 that he, with a lot of
other prisoners, Was marched away for Tours,
on the Loire River, I've figured it out on the
map, and even that is enough to make @ man
feel sore in his feet, But what made Bosistow
wlad at the time and vicious after was that on
his way he fell in with adraft of prisoners, and
anong them with Abe Cummins, who, so to
suv, hud reached the same place by walking
a tenth part of the distance, The two friends
trudged together, and on the first day Abe
brought up the subject nearest to their hearts
by saying quiet like
Have you been happening to think much
about Selina Johns this last year or two?"
‘Most every day,” answered Billy
So have I,” said Abe, and seemed to be pon-
dering to himself, “She'll bea woman growed
by this time,” he went on

 

 

 

  

 

 
 

Purnin’ Billy agreed

“That's of said Abe, “I've been think-
ing about her constant.” : :

Well, look'ee here,” spoke up Billy, “our
little agreement holds, don't it?--that is, if

ever we get out of this here mess, and Selina
hasn't gone and taken a husband? Play fair,
leave it to the maid, and let the best man Win,

that's what we shook hands over
“True, true,” saves Abe but after a bit he
asks rather shy-like And s'posin’ youre

the lucky one, how do'ee reckon you're going
to maintain her?

WI on seaman’s wages, I suppose, or else
at the shoemending. I learnt a little of thet

trade in prison, as you'd know ;
Well,” says Abe IT was reckonin’ to set
up school and teach navigation, back in Ar-

 

devora. | canmake between seventy and eighty

 

pounds a year at that game easy

Bosistow seratched his lead You've been
making the most of your time. Now I've
been busy in my way, too, but seer iin’ to me

 

the only trade I've learned is prison breakin

 

 

   

   

   
  

 

Not much to keep a wite on, as you say, Still,
a bargeain’s 4 bargain

Oh. sutt'nls aivs Abe: “that is, if your
conscience allows it

Treckon Uli risk that,” answers Billy, and
no more passed

To be short, ‘twasn't till the end of April
that the news reached them that Bonaparty
had gone seat, and they n irched to the river
opposite Bordeaux and were taken on to the
Suffolk transport in eharge of the English
redeoats, On Monday, May 4 at 2:30 in the
atternoon, the Suffolk sighted Jand, making
out St. Michael's Mount, and, fetching up to
Mousehole Island, the captain hailed a mackerel
boat and it came alongside to take ashore some
officers with despatches

Abe ( nins and «Billy Bosistow were
both on deck, vou may be sure, watching the
boat as the fishern brought her alongside
Not a word had be said hetween them on
the matter that lay closest to their minds, but
while they waited Billy fetehed a look at the
boat and another at Ahe

The best man wins he enid ta himself,
and edeed away toward the ladder

rhe breeze, as T said, was a fresh one, with
a sea in the bay that kept the Suffolk rolling
fke a porpoise A heavier loreh than ordinary
aent her mousin nels grinding down on the
mackerel bout nwale, smashing her upper
strakes and springing ber mizzenmast as she
rec

overed herself
te dashed,” said one of the ofteers, “if 1

boat that'll co down under
land

  

i myself ina
us between this and

 

   

The rest seemed to be of his mind, too, But
Rillv, being quiek as well eager, saw ina
moment that the damaged strakes would be
to windward on the reach into Mousehole, and
out of harm's wav, and alse that her mainsall
alone would do the job easy So just as ahe

fell off and her erew ran aft to get the mizzen
lug stowed he took a run past the offleer and
umped aboard, with two fellows close on his
heels one a Penzance fellow whose name I've
forgot, and the tiother a chap from TLaidsvan,

 

  

 

 

 

 

Harry Cornish by ni » TL reckon the sight
of the old shores ninde them mazed as
sheep, and like «h they followed his lead
The offvers ran to any tore from copy.
ing such foolishness, dif they hadn't 1 be.
lieve the boat would have been swamped there
and they 4 twas she rehoisted her big
lug and away-to-we for Mousetole, the three
Passengers sitting down to leeward with their
aa in the water to help keep her damaged

 

above misehiet
on Mousehole quay these three stepped

ashore, and the first man to shake hands with

 

    

 

them Was Capt siah Penny of the Perse-
verancee trading ketch, who had them inte his
eabin for glasses round of rum Phe Penzance
+ wowent his was, but Billy and Cornish

iyed and had more rum, and on the quay
they tound «a erowd Waiting tor them, and
nanny with questions to ask about absent
riends, so that trom Motsehole to Penzance
tf was a regular procession And then they
had to wo to the hotel and tell the whole story
ever again, And all this tneant more rum, of
course

It was 7 in the evening and day closing in

 

    
 

before they took the road agatt Hilly had
fallen into a boastful mood, and felt his heart
«) warm toward Cornish that nothing would
do but they must tranip it together as faras
Nancledrea, which was a geodish bit out of
Cornish = read to Ludavan, By the time they
reached Naneledrea, Billy Was shedding tears
and begaing Cornish to come alone to Ardevora
lil make a man of ‘ee there he promised
I will sure ‘rt ! But Cornish weighed the
offer, and dec! his mother at Ludavan
would be awolmg to bed betore long. Se coming
to a house with red blinds and lights within
they determined to havea drink before parting

In the taproom they found a dozen fellows

or so drinking their beer and amoking solemn
and an upstanding wornan in a black gown
attending onthem

Hullo! says
"“What'sthis? Greezy

Til soon tell ‘ee about Geezv-dancers,'
savas Bills Here, missus a pot of ale all
round, and let m drink to two Cornish bovs
home from festerin’ in Freneh war
whiletheyv vea ‘heen diggei taties'

There was no resisting a soetable offer
this. and in two twe's, as you might say, Rill
was boasting ahead for all he was worth, and
the company with ther mie all but
the landlady, who was opening her eyes in
stead. and wider and wider

“There isn't none present that remembers
me, I,daresay. My name's Bosistow- Billy
Bosistow from Ardevora parish. And back
there I'm going this very night, and why? you
ask I ben't one of your taty-diggin’ slow
heads- I hen't. I've broke out of prison three
times, and now He broke off and nodded
at the company, whore faces by this time he
couldn't very well pick out of a heap “do
anv of ‘ee know a tnaid there called Selina
Johns? Beeanseif sol warn ‘eeof her Why?
save vou. Because that’s the maid I'm goin’
te marry, and I’ moff to Ardevora to do it straight
Another potof beer, please, missus.’

‘You've had a plenty, sir, seemin’
anewered ip the landlady

“and is this the ways Billy steod up very
dignified "is this the way to welcome home
a man who bled for his country? Is this vour
gratitude to a man who's spent ten o' the best
vears of his life in slavery while you've been
diggin’ taties?” T can't tell you why potatoes
ran so much in the poor fellow’s head, but they
did, and he seemed to see the hoeing of them
almost in the light of a personal injury, He
spat on the floor, “And as fer you, madam,
these here boots of mine have tramped thous
ands of miles and [ shake off their dust upon
vou,” he says

1 wish vou'd confine yourself to that, with

one of the men, leoking up

danecers?”*

  

   

like

uths open

to me,”

cour dirty habits!’ the landlady answered
np again, but Rilly marched out with great
dienity, which was only spoiled by his mistaking

theshadow acrossthe doorway for A raised step
He didn't forget to slan. the deor after him, but
he did forget to take leave of Farry Cornish
who had walked so far out of his Way in pure
friendliness

For the firat mile or.so, what with his anger
and the fresh air. Billy had a to-do to keap
his pins and fix his mind on the road But,
by and by, his brain cleareda bit, and when he
reached the hillover Ardevora and saw the lights

  

  
 

of the town below him, his mood changed
and he downontheturfof theslope with tears
in his <

“There vou be.” said he. talking to the lights,

“and here be I. and somewheres down amongst
vou is the dear old maid ['ve eome to marry
Not much welcome for mein Ardevora, Tb'law,
thouch do love every stone of her streets
But there's one there that didn’t forget meininy
eaptivily, and wont
Twish I'd seen Abe's face when liumped

despise mein these here

rage

aboard the beat Poor old Abe! but all's
fair in love and war, T reckon fle can't he
here till to-morrow at earliest, ao let's have a
pipe o' baecy ont

First of all he pietured Abe's chapfallen
face, and chuckled: then he began to wonder
if (he would eall it fair play When he woke
up the sun was shining And somehow, though
he had dropped to sleep in a puzzle of mind
he woke op with neta doubt to trouble hin Ihe
hunted out 4 crust from his knapsack and made
his breakfast, and then he lit lis pipe again and
turned toward Penzance He
play fair

Cin he went in this frame of mind, feeling like
a man almost too virtious to &o to church,

   

 

was going to

upviby aed by he came ia eisht of Nenaledres ' tp a phbotowrank

  

SSS

 
   

 

and the inn he'd left in such a hurry over night
And who should be sitting in the porchway,
and looking into the bottom of a pint pot, but
Abe Cummins! : 1

Why. however on earth did vou come bere?
asked Billy

‘Capen landed us between 4 and 5 this morn-
in’, said Abe

Well,” said Billy, “I'm right glad to meet
you, anyway, for-tell ‘ee the truth—you're
the very man T was looking for

"Really?" says Abe, like one interested

"You and no other, I don't mind telling
‘ee I've been through a fire of temptation
You know why [ jumped into that boat it
vexed you a bit, IT dare say And strickly
speakin mind you"=-Billy took his friend by
the buftonhole--“strickly speakin', I'd the
right on my side. ‘fet the best manwin,’ was
our agreement But vou needn' to fret your.

 

  

self oT ben't the man to take an advantage
of an old friend, fair though it be. Man,
ha'n't been to Ardevo I turned back

No finish your beer and come'st along with me,
and we'll walk down to Selina Jolins together
and ask her which of us she'll choose, fair and
square "

{be set down his mug and looked up, study
ing the signboard over the door

Well,” says he, “'tis a real relief to my mind
to know you've played so fair, For man and
boy, Bill, Talways thought it of rou |
 “fes, indeed,” says Billy, “man
it always was my motto

“But, as consarnin’ Selina Jones,”
on, “there ain't no such woman

“You don't tell me she's dead?”

“No. ‘tis her first husband that's dead, She's
Selina Widlake now.”

How long have ‘ee knowed that?”

‘Maybe an hour, mavbe only three-quarters
Her name's Selina Widlake, and she owns
this here public What's more, her name
isn’t going to be Salina Widlake, but Selina
Cummins. We've ficed it up and she's to
leave Nancledrea and take the Welcome Home
over to Ardevora

Billy Bosistow took a turn acroes the road
and, coming back, stuck his hands in his
pockets and stared up at the sign overhead

Well! And L that was too honorable
he began.

“So vou was,” agreed Abe, pulling out his
pipe You can't think what a comfort that
isto me. But, agit turns out, ‘twouldn't have
made no difference Por she see'd vou last
even’, and she waa tellin’ me just now that
prison hadn't improved you In fact she
didn't like either vour looks or your behavior

I've heard that he was just in time to pop
inside and bolt the door after him And now
you know why Billy Bosistow and Abe Cum-
mins could never bear the simhtofeach other
from that dav. But there! vou can't be first

and boy,

Abe went

 

 

and last, too, ae the saying is

*"Givet, inthe Ardennes, The river, of course, t
the Meuse

ltisafactthat on March 1, 1412, this inhapny

the Haute
»>Vvears

man reachedthe prison of Briancon, in
Alns, and was confined there for close on tw
**Performers in a Christmas play

GETTING A BIG MOOSE.

Exciting Gannery in the Darkness Before He
Was Brought Down,
From the Boaton Herald
Dr Heber Bishop of this city has captured
another monstrous add to his al-
ready famous collection of game heads taken
in the forests of Maine and the British prov-
inces. His “kill” of last year was sent to the
Paris Exposition as a specimnen of American

moose to

game, and the antlers of the bull moose he
has just slain in New Brunswick are not greatly
inferior to those exhibited across the water

From a letter sent to a friend the following
story of the hunt is taken
The scene of the tragedy is laid on Canaan

River and Jake stream in New Brunswick,
where, accompanied by several skilful In-
dian guides and expert moose callers, Dr
Bishop arrived on the ith of September,

pitching a camp on the first lake. The Milli-
Indians began calling with their
birch bark horns on the 17th, and lured he-

cete moose

tween fifteen and twenty bulls up to within
easy range before Dr. Bishop saw one that
satisfied him Twenty-six bus were seen
during the trip, several of them as near aa
twenty-five vards. Sometimes it was neces-
sary to draw back in the canoe away from

the moose, who approached so fearlessly that
there was danger of a mixup

Saturday evening, the 2

 

as Dr Bishop

tells the a bull was heard approach-
ing in answer to the calls, whose deep-toned
challenge and hoarse grunts proved his large
size and boldness He was no less than two
miles away when his answer to the horn was
first heard, and hecame steadily down toward
the canoe till about one hundred yards away
‘Our bireh was lying near the outlet of the
lake A little wind was stirring, and as luck
decreed it, three cow moose were feeding
within 400 vards of us, fearing up the lily pads
with considerable noise and spl ili
in the shallow. water Ther soon attracted
the attention of the big bull, and he stopped
to pay his addresses to them, leaving us in
the lurch to the great disgust of the Indians
Jim applied himself to the horn with re.

 

story,

newed earnestness, and occasionally alow
whining coax from that instrument, a very
plaintive o-o-o-wah, would bring an answer

 

 

from his matesty, a gruff, deep-toned, w- f
and the bull would start toward us, but the
nearness of the cows made him vae te dire
teased him with his tones from t} horn till
long after dark, employing every method
known to his philosephy of moose calling
but without success

At last, about 1 o'clock, Jim sudden:
announced, ‘Bull no eome to use We eo down
to him He was about sit hundred wards
away from us, and it was so dark we could
see none of the animals. but could easily hear

the grunts of the bull  T had two rifles in the
how of the canoe beside me, one a 45-70 with
five cartridges in the magazine, the other with
anly two ahells in it

‘Paddling in perfect silence, the guide brought

  

 

  

   
      

 

 

the eh canoe up se near | could see the dark
outlines of the bull, whe did not move till we
were within thirty to forty feet of hin He
had seen us coming, but refused to show the
white feather in the presence of the cows After
what seemed a long wait told me to shoet,
and IT sent in my first bullet, whieh hit hit n
the neck, but did net bring bins down or seen
to Var’ bim As we expected, he promptly
returned our compliment by vielously charging
on the canoe Jim retreated rapidly, backing
the canoe into deeper vy r, While T put in
another shot, breaking at flew, but the bull
boldly continiied bis advance

“The cows now splashed ont of the water
and thrashed away through the woods My

 

next shot perforated one of the moose's ears
Tt was impossible, owing to the darkness, to
ree the sights on the rifle, and aim had to he
taken by the direction, but another shot chanced

to bese placed as to bit him hard, and he turned
hack fer the shore Jim then charged, in his
torn, and as the bull began to rise fram the
water, getting his feet upon the hottom in the
shallow water near the shore, | fired the re
maining cartridges | had in the rifles, seven
in all The old fellow lacked strength to clink
out of the water, and fell down where it was

about three feet deep, heading toward us at
the same time, his bie eves glaring like two
halle of fire

“His weight was too much for us to handle,
ao, going back to camp, we secured reenforce
ments among the other Indians, and soon after
davlight dragged the shaggy careass out upon
the shore. Then I found that five of my seven
shote had taken effect He was a very large
bull, standing 7 feer 2 inches high at the shoulder
The spread between the tips of his antlers was
fifty-seven inchesand they had aighteen points °

TOO MUCH FOR THE PHOTOGRAPHER.

A Skoll and Crossbones Appeared tn the Nega-
tive to the Terror of the Operator.

From London Tl-Pitta

A professional photographer
of a practical joke

One day a voung man came to sit for his
likeness. To the ordinary eye he looked like
any other voung man A couple of
were exposed, and then the assistant
WARK Operating went into the
velop the negatives

tle was gone much longer than usual, and
was heard berating the junior assistant pretts
soundly for playing pranks with the apparatus
When he returned to the studio he asked for
another sitting, and apologized for having
before used spolled plates

This time when he went away to develop
he was heard to utter a slight seream, but
he reappeared and said there was a peculiar
affect in the negative which he couldn't aec-
count for, and would the sitter oblige him again

Onee more » went to develop, then the
bell rang violentiv. for the master, and the
two held a lone confabulation in the darkroom
together This time the master tried his hand,
and went away to develop. Tt was not long
before he returned and said he was sorry not
to be able to wet a satisfactory: Ukeness, brit
a oskull and crosshbones appeared defined on
the voung man's forehead

“Rubbiah!” said the sitter “my forehead's
all right) Can you see anything the matter
with my forehead?” and he peered into a mirror
as he spoke

“No, there's nothing \hat
awered the photographer
obliged if vou

 

telle ai tale

plates
who
darkroom to de.

  

T ran see,” an
“But - should be
will please @o away and not

 

come here again. this sort of thing ia just a
wee bit creepy

Upon this there was a dreadful seene bur
the upshet was that the young man had te
, and up te the present ha not returned

The explanation of the matter is that the
voung man was a bit of a selenti«t, and had
been plaving a joke on the photographer
Bisulphate of quinine is a chemical which is

 

white in the naked eve, but seen black by the
camera Anything that is painted on the
skin, therefore, with the chemical will be or-
dinarily invisible, but will come o§t prominently

 

 

THE JUMPING KANGAROO AND
THE APPLE BUTTER GAT,

Ry JOHN WALKER HARRINGTON, ¢

 

Copyright 1900, by McClure, Phillips & Ca.

Ugly Dog lived out ip a place called New
Jersey, where the mosquitoes are alwara so
busy that the people never have time to think
about getting old. Near the house of his master
there were two rails, on whieh the Running
Houses kept going up and down as fast as they
eould, Every time a Running House went
past Ugly Dog went out and barked, for the
Before the
Running Houses came his master went to the
station ina buggy, and Ugly Dog always went
along and trotted back with the coachman,
Now his master went alone, and Ugly Dog had
tostay at home

very sight of it mace him angry

He came out one morning just in time to see
his master get on the back steps of a Running
House and wave good-by to the children. Ugly
Dox was never so angry inal! his life. He ran
as hard as he could, and tried to jump on the
Running House so that he could go to the sta-
tion with his tnaster, Then he heard two bells

ring, and with a clicking and banging Run-
nink House was sliding away so fast that Ugly
Dox could not keep up with it He ran until
he nearly dropped on the ground, and he barked
until he was hoarse

He crawled into the bushes at the side of the

 

 

road and laid down to rest. He was all covered
with dust, and lis eyes were red and his tongue
Wis hanging out

Well,” said Sly Fox, who had just come
up through the bushes, “You do not seem to
be very happy this morning What is the
thatter?

leant goto the station any more, “growled

 
   

 

 
 

 

 

 

Ugly Dow, “because IT can't run fast enough
to keep uP With those miserable little houses
that wo sliding aWaAY aS soon as Inv master
ee ithe back steps’

It seems to me,” said Sly Fox, “that for
ado that has such a fine face vou do
net know very much JT understand why it
is that the running houses do t stop vou
are not polite enough to the man at the front
door

What am I to do?” asked Ugly Dog

Oh that is very simple.” answered Sly Fox,
You must be very particular about how vou
act Nobody ever succeeds unless he is polite
and always says) please You know that [

a very wise, and if you only listen to me,
you tay never have any more trouble
Iam all ears,” said Ugly Dog, folding his
ar tid looking as humble as
|

**k Rabbit
suid Sly Fox, “the

   

“Weil, in the first place,
running houses only stop when vou wave vour
paw to the man at the front door Now, if
I were you | would stand right ta front of the
next
" ihe i

one as it comes along and then [T would

and hat

| is the Way your master gets them to stop.”

I'll do that,” said Ugly Dow, “just as soon
asl wet rested But how is it that you are all

bo itoof breath, too?" .

| Well answered

| ina funny sort of a way and shuffling his feet
around, “you know that aui a doctor, and

| I was called in a hurry to see two littlechickens

}

low bow wave iny paw

the Sly Fox, coughing

whieh had the croup in their crops
Is that so?
better now?
Those dear little chickens,” answered Sly
Fox, as he stroked his white whiskers, “will
never be bothered by having anything in their
ere

asked Ugly Dog, “and are they

again
then

 

 

J there was a whirring sound way
up the road and Sly Fox jumped up
My friend,” he said,“I think that another
Running House is coming. If were vou
would hurry up and get right in front of it
Ugly Dog got up on his feet and shook bite

self and waewed his tail and smoothed out

af

r
How do I look?" he asked

 

Fine,” answered Sly Fox “If T were the
man standing on the front porch of any Rune
ning House IT would stop in a minute Now
you do just as T tell vou, and Tam sure that
you will never ‘ave any more trouble "

Ugly Dog went out in front of Running House
wagging his tail and standing up on his hind
legs and making bows allthe time He waved
of his paws as Running House came hurry-
ing down the rail The man at the front door
began to ring the bell as fast as he could) and
to yell at Ugly Dog

‘He you!” cried Sly Fox from behind
the bushes

Then the man turned a brass handle

Kunning House began to go slower
did tot stop

one

 

but it
The thing in front which looked
like a seraper struck Ugly Dog and sent him
wav up in the air and he fell down at the side
of the road all in a heap, When he got on his
feet again, he saw the Running House going
down the road as fast as he could, and on the
back sten was Sly Fox, stroking his whiskers
and looking very wise .
Just then there was a erackling of branches
and a velping and a parping, Through the
1

 

came men riding horses and a pack

of angry hounds
You area raseal,” velped the hounds. “You,
Vel) Dog, stopped the Running House so

that Slv Fox could get away from ust”

I did no such thing,” whined Ugly Dog.
“That mean Fox plaved a trick on me

The hounds wonld not listen to him, but
they chased him to his kennel and gave him
a good whipping. Ugly Dog did not get over
the hurting he got that dav until the next
month

 

BEARS CALLING FOR HUNTERS,

The Cinnamon Beasts Becoming a Pest on
the Ranches of Colorado,

From the Denver Evening Poat
Cinnamon bears are causing consterna

tion among the farmers and ranchmen in th

vieinity of the Spanish Peaks, south of La Veta,

 

 

   
 

 

 

viong the border of Las Animas and Huer-
} fane counnes, Denver and Rio Grande Rail-
| wav officials have lately received many reports
of the depredations of these shaggy brown
denizens of the mountains. Winter has east
ts «old white mantle over the loftv peaks
ind the presenee of the glistening snow has
jeconvineed bruin that the summer is gone.
i The keen. penetrating air has sharpened
j the appetites of the huge animals,and now
that the berries have disappeared they. are
seeking flesh and blood for food. Down from
the | y defiles and rock-strewn cafions come
the furry creatures with soft-f ed, tireless
tread lheir keen noses seent the harnvards
fromafar. Instinet tells those which have never
seer a calf that it must he good to eat from its
| very smell
Over the half-wild pastures along the cattle
traits

and ronan fe id= trot the hears in search
of food 4 sinkle night usually suffices for

      

 

 

the journey asa healthy bear andallbearsare
healthy except when locked up in menageries
an tt elmany iniles between sundown and
davliaht Quietly and full of purpose the
strong, supple fellows enter the farmvards
Tenalls thes hunt alone, but several

|
| ronehinen have found thetracks of four different
| hears in the morning their places have been
visited Noiselessiy they pick their way
| about the corra's and barns while the owner
and his household lie wrapped in slumber
Suddenly a pair of those piercing eves espies
a pet calf. He trots hurriecly over to it and
sticks his sharp claws into the unsuspecting
sleeper As the startied calf snorts and scram-
hles toite feet the savagery of the bear becomes
manifest

| For centuries Fruin has subsisted on what he
conld find, and many a feeling of suspicion
and fear has been overcome by thateruel sen-

sation of hunger. In a moment he strikes
down the trembling calf with swift and power-

ful blows. He seizes it in his great jaws and
| easily carries it away some Gistance. There
jhen akes a meal, or perhaps, takes his prev far
\t ick into the mountains before cevouring if
} ff cepends upon his hunger, the size of the slain
animal and the strength of the bear. When
there are several hears they feast close to

the spot where their vietim swas killec, and
they always quarrel over the division of spoils
and sometimes their flerce growling awakens
a member of the household and results in a
dead Hruin. Several bears have recently been

 

killed near Ia Veta. Sometimes the watch dow
gives warning and the bear flees away into
| the night. Semetimes he stavs and is shot.
Hut often the prowler secures the ealf, pig or
sheep without alarming the househol! Oc.
casionally bears are seen in the caxtime

| 4 few dave age, Jim Edwards, a well-known

 
  

 

  

hunter, Jost a valuable foxhound \ large
brown bear killed the dog before Edwards's
eves, and as he was armed only with a amall
shotgun for squirrel shooting he could not
| prevent the escape of the animal The hourd
j insisted on following the bear and nipping
lat its flanks. Suddenly the huge bear turnad

    

   

and, with a single ury blow, felled the houna
| lifeless, Hurriedly shambling off it disappeared
in the timber An older and wiser hound
knew better than to attack the lear
Returning home, Ldwards secured a riffe
and. with a companion and a couple of hounds,
retraced hia steps in search of the bear Fi
nally they found the trail and lowed it all
day Camping that night, they resumed the
chase peat dav and finaliy tracked the bear to
a hole in the ro This den, nagh up on the

 

mountain side, amid the most rugged scenery,

  

   

hore the signe of many bears There were
numerous track@ of varving size, and ev identiv
rmore than one bear lived wit A bie roarts
fire was kindled af the |! ind as far inside
Aas possible All da ! the stoke \poured
inte the den, andlate cr ‘ rooeman wards
and his eomminion noticed the smoke issuing
from the ro med euwal

Hasty investiaation eveniead to the die-
appointed + ter the presence of another
hrole The de had ‘ eonotrances and the
bears bad ! ‘ od

The numerous hears that have heen seen
close ta the towns and the extent of thelr
deprecations have arotsed local hunters,
and an active eampaien has begun. Before
Christmas many of the larae furry animale

will doubtless have paid the venalty dor their
ras juvaesions

 

  
    
   

<n

1