nee ot

a

a
~ ——~

OR i I |
_

a

saa - shee octal

o~

|
Y
U7
sf
tl
i?
i.

 

- T oe wr

 

   

SOME NEW BOOKS,
Greek Life and Thought tn the Periclean
Age.

The third part of A History of Greece, by Eve-
LYN Apporr, lecturer in Gireek History at Balliol
College, Oxford, deals with the period from
the conclusion of the Thirty Years’ Peace to
@e Fall of the Thirty at Athens 5-403 Bo
@utnams). In the course of this volume the
author examines the causes of the Pelopon-

 

     

  

nesian war and recounts the story of that
struggle, while at the same time following the
progress of events in Si ily to the peace ar-
ranged between that State and Carthage So
far asthe political aspects are concerned, this
book has many competitors, but it deserves

 

particular attention by reason of the chapters
devoted to the social and intellectual condition
of Athens during the last half of the Mfth cen-

 

tury BOC, It is on Mr. Abbott's diss sion of
these phases of the subject that we sia ! prin-
cipally dwell
I.
The domestic relations of Pericles throw
Maht upon the position of women inthe Athe-

nian City-State, In his vouth the great Athenian

 

ataieeman had married the wife of the rich
Hipponicus, by whom he had two sons, \an-
tippus and Parelus| By what arranger ent
the lady's divorce from her first husband was
brought about we know not, but the! t

of the two great families to w her two hus
bands belonged seems not to have been fn any
way disturbed In sueh mattera Athenian
feeling was widely different fror rewn The

connection thus formed did not prove lasting

  

Whether Pericles failed to envage the affece
tions of his wife as Hipponicus had failed be-
fore him, or whether he was overcome anew
passion, they separate nd a high-bern
Athenian dame consented to be et wife
of a third husband Pericles was now at lit

erty to bring to his home the celebrated A

pasia, a Milesian lady, who seems to! n

to Athens not long before the Sa in’ War
which ended in BC 499) She belonged to the
clase of Hetaira, or “compat but by gen
eral consent she was the fir he i All
ancient writers agree about her beauty, her
genius and her accomplishment ind, when
ahe hecame associated with Pericles, her « rele
was in some respects the leading circle at
Athens Socrates listened eaxerly to her con
versation, Anaxagoras, an I an like he

aelf, entered into discussion with her on sunt

jecta religions and pbhilosephieal, and the
friends of Pericles even brought their wives
to Hsten to the wise savings of the Milesian
beauty. That she ever became the wife ¢ f

By a law
proposed before he met

 

Pericles is neither proved nor
himself
had made mr
Athenian and a Milesian
son, Pericles the younger
fllegitimate, although, after the death of his two

whieh he had
her, Pericles e between ar
impossible; and her

was regarded as

 

legitimate half-brothers, he was made an Athe-
nian citizen
It has been suggested that Pericles in forming

this connection with Aspasia was endeavoring
to establish a better position for wormnen in
Athenian society Phus‘ Holm in his “Histors
of Greece” queries: “Is it likely that a serious

minded and highly educated Iman like Pericles

would not have come to the cone that

  

own example ought to be general!
in Athens if the social life of
was to be placed on
is certain that the At
the mistress of the h ther of
children she treated with er
respect and was influential in her own sphere,

so gifted a people
ory basis?” It
wife,

t satisfac

enian although as

  

yise an

was the itest

was restrained within narrow limits. She was
taught to read and write and instructed
manner of household duties, but seldom
ventured beyond the precincts of the house or
was sean in any society but that of her relations
thbors visited each

 

n all

she

IN the ouuutey the wives of ne
other, but in the city it was only on some public
occasion, a festival or a funeral, that a woman
of position left her home. Mixed was
unknown among women of reputation. they
were rigorously exclided from all entertain-
ments, and for a man to enter the house of a
friend in his absence was contrary to eustom
Mr. Abbott, for his part, deams it impossible
to judge of the motives which induced Peri
to take Aspasia into |
however, that if Athenian societ
need of reformation, he did not g
to reform it Undoubtedly he laid |

 

soclery

 

is house. It seems clear,
stood in

e right Way

 

 

mse open

 

to attack by this new connection, while he lost
the sympath f what was soundest and best
at Athens The old-fashioned pe who wave
their sons the education which Aristophanes

has sketched in the “Clouds” could not fail to

 

 

 

 

 

   

   

regard with horror Aspasia ar reircle, For
anumber of years the writers of comedy amused
themselves at the ext of the Milesian lady
who was an inmate heu f the great
Btatesinan, She was the “new Ornphale the
“concubine of the Olympian Pereles,” the “ehild
of Lewdness ' At last Hermippus, ac edian
whose power lay in the coarseness of | satire
weary perhaps of his own abuse or believing
that the ground had been well prepared, ven
tured to bring a publie charge against sia
She was accused of pet ‘ t Ww }
the Athenians were easily arou ino her
case the impiety was on t

more odious iniputation, 3 !

fore the court as an atheist oh ass
As an alien could not rial
her cause was | nd
the Athenians ked on w shit
while their matchless orator, o @ wit

 

emotion, pleaded for his om
entreaties and tears which
permitted in acourt of law Aspasia was ac
quitted

It was not only regard to his
of a feminine companion that Pericles
into conflict with
at Athens. We are apt
as audacious thinkers, whose n
freely overevery department of human thought
and this is to a great extent true of et
pated Gireek literature, but it is by no
true of normal Greek life. The ordinary Greek
was religious to an extraordinary
every action he felt himself dependent on the
gods, whose support he was therefore anxious
to obtain In all his plans and purposes. He ap-

 

with choice
came
the prevailir sentiment

to regard the Creeks
ings wandered
anci-

means

cdegree, in

 

  

pealed to the oracles about the most trivial
matter -about a contemplated purchase, about
a strayed sheep or a stolen ox nothing un-
common occurred but it was regarded as a
portent having an influence on hurnan life

earthquake cau
ibly \W

pated cirels

Thus an
of an important as
of thought the emar
and Aspasia had nothing in common. Early
in life he seems to have fallen under the in-
fluence of Anaxagoras of Clazomene, a phil-
osopher of the fonian school, from whom he is

   

 

   

@aidto have acquired the stately reserve which
was so remarkable a trait in his character
From him Pericles learned to repudiat
current opinions of his and to

tute natural causes for su atural, in the

 

teaching of Anaxagoras, the world is the work,
not of chance or of necessity, but of an organiz-
ing intellect, which, out of a preceding chaos,

 

brought together similar partic! capable
of combination, and thus formeid the world
as we know it. Such a philosophy could not
fail to come into collision with the religious
beliefs of the Greeks There was no room
in it for that variety of powers with which
they had peopled earth, and sea, and sk rhe
gun in the eyes of the Greeks was a holy God,
a living, personal deity, who traverse! the
heavens daily from east to west in his bright

chariot; but ly affirmed that

 

Anaxagoras ope

the sun and stars were red-hot stones, and
nothing more. Such vi.ws were regarded
hot merely as impious; they were dangerous,
and would offend the gods, whose vengeance

would fall on the cits Ie
were

 

quite unable to move the com
of the common people on these matter
fore the ostras

horn

 

sm of Thuey

brought to

 

one was les und the
portent was at once interpreted to mean that
the whole power of the city would pass into
the hands of one man. It was in vain that

Anaxagoras had the head of the ram opened,
Qnd pointe out that the single horn was due
to @ maliormation, Thucyaides was ostra-

Tes indhh tha Lana ad ga

clzed, and Pericles became sole ruler of the
State, thus fulfilling the prophecy.

In the movement toward the emancipation of
the intellect two stimulative elements were come
bined, the philosophy of lonia and the rhetorie
of Sicily For more than «a century the phe-
nomena of nature had made a subject
of inquiry in the Toni
and Anaxagoras Was one of the last and great
is achool of research
ch philosophy
tive, no two thinkers

been

 

eat representatives of th

tive results of s were

The neg
more cogent than the pos
agreed in their explanation of the universe,
but they were all of one mind in denying truth,
and reality to the changing phenomena of the
outward world, The same searching criticism
was in time applied to politics and ethics, The
Various forms of government Were disciissed,
and with them the object and purpose of all
was drawn between

 

a distinetion
etweed universal and

goverment
ind ordinance.
particular laws, It was but
on to ethies and ask What isthe criterion of
right or wrong? Whatist
What weight should be given to
Is truth the same for all, or does it vary accord-
and temperaments?

 

nature
i short step to pass

 

value of Custom ?
authority?

ing to cireumstances
This spirit of inquiry passed from the extreme
east to the extreme west of the Grecian world,
Miletus and Ephe-

(armeeia

The speculations current at
sus were repeated in the cities of Magna
and Sicily, per
polities became of rnore importance than phys-
ies in the Sicilian cities, and philosophy tended
to pass into rhetoric Not only were those
cities constantly engaged {in “setting
house in order,” in reconciling the claims of
Various settlers and harmonizing the customs

but owing to liar circumstances

  

their

of various tribes, but more especially, after
the expulsion of the tyrants ar d the restora-
tion of the old inhabitants to their homes and
possessions, numerous questions would arise

could only be settled in the law courts
ach that men hoped to

Often, no de

whiet

 

the art of s}
regain their lost
the claims put forward were of a very uncer
nptat

 

It was

position ibt,

  

tain kind, and there was a great te n
to! Appear reason
rhis had not attitude of the older
but phistrs
parted company sod as far
as do the student of jurisprudence and the
successful pleader, While Anaxagoras would
have been in danger of starvation had not
Pericles come to his help, and while Socrates

tizen could earn,

ike the worse the better

the

philosophy and se

been

 

inquirers, now

they asunder

lived on lesa than the laziest «
the new teachers, such as Protagoras of Abdera
and Gorgias of Leontini, were well paid for their
instruction. The wandering life of
sophiata, who went from city to eity as lectur-
emancipated them from eivie traditions,

these

are
and thus a prejudice was raised against them
in cities where morality came to men through
the State and was bound up
tutions, Among
great) ability and kr
iseful part in stimulating the
pupils and imparting to them
which was new and val
hardly perceived

and the secor

ready to m

with Stateinsti

the sophists were men of

owledge who played a
minds of their
information
but even the best
the

d-rate

ble

of them true effect of

his teaching were mere
intelleetual gladiators intain any

thesis for the sake of display and profit,

 

rhe appearanee of the sophists and the
spread of sophistical teachings seems for a
time to have revolutionized edneation at Ath-
ens. In more than one play the comic poet
Aristophanes contrasts old things and new, the
young manas he had been when moulded by the
best traditions of Athens, and as he became
in the hands of sophists. In mind and body
the change was for the worse, dignified obe-
dience and decorous self-control were succeeded

1

by a noisy, argumentative conceit whieh ¢ aime

to be infallible on every subject The older
men at Athens watched the movement with
anxious eyes. More especially were the young

oratom regarded with suspicion striplingsa
who came forward with the new equipment
of logie and dialectics. They were thought
to be entirely without moral principles, and
an orator of the new school was at once as-
sumed to be a man of bad character. With

Pericles, on the other hand, the sophista and
their doctrines found a weleome, and he thereby
brought on himself a part of the dislike which
the platn Athenian felt for
=; litting Ultimately a combination
formed and parties, which
usually
tioned

intellectual hair-
was
Pericles,
far
aristocrats
not

against

apart, such as old-fash-
@iid low-born demagogues,
indeed in a common policy,
putan end to the domie
rival The first
statesman seems to

stood

were united,
but in the attempt to
nation of thetr
tack upon the great
made through his

sculptor, Phidias. He had
viser of Pericles in the adorn:
and he was, therefore, pe
were

common at-
have
protege, the famous
chief ad-
ent of Athens,

aliarly obnoxious to

been

been the

those who opposed to expenditure on
That Phidias had failed
intrusted ould

decorative objects
in the charge
‘ined Ne

than

to him ¢ not be

exis&d in more

ible Vw

thir

the tery

maint

beautiful h rose un

   

 

s direction, and the satues executed
him and his sehool It was easy, however,
to insinuate that all t ma which had pussed
into his hands had not béen spent honestly
Some years previousiv he. had constructed
the great statue of Athel§\ in ivory and gold
for the Parthenon, and he was now charged
with keeping back part of the money Fortu-

repel this
Pericles t
the gold could be

able to aecusatior

» he was

advice of e statue had been

that

On the

so wrought removed

 

 

without injury to the work The yellow metal
wie now taken off and weighed, and no deti-
cieney was found Phe charge of dishonesty
was thus conclusively dis ved, but the ace

 

off

disquieted on

to be shaken

The publie

the subject

cusers were not
mind
of religion, and a charge of impiety might
ceed where a charge of peculation had failed

In the figures which he had depicted on the
shield of Athena it was observed that Phidias
had introduced portraits of himself and Peri
This was declared tobean offenes against
of the goddess, Phidias was at
once thrown into prison, and all the efforts of
Pericles to procure his release were in vatn.
Before the day of trial arrived he was found
deadin his cell. The next attack concerted by
the enemies of Pericles was directed against
Anaxagoras. A proposal was made by Diopi-

was already

suce

 

oles

the majesty

 

 

thes. afriend of Nicias, who was the most ortho-
dox and re ys of Athenians, that those who
dishelieved in divinities and passed their time
in diseussing the nature of the heavenly bodies

The

but whether Diopithes

should be impeached before the Assembly
proposal Was accepted
carried the matter further and persona
sailed the philosopher {ts not known, A late
writer alleged that Cleon brought a charge of
impiety against him; others said that Thuey-
dides, who had now returned from ostracism,
accused him of treason Whatever mav have
been the precise nature of the charge, it seems
certain that Anaxagoras was condemned and
was thrown into prison. In a short while,
however, he escaped. or was allowed to go
and a few years later died at Lampsaeus
Protagoras was also banished from the city
about the same time

 

mi.

The tragic poet of the Periclean age, the age
of the Parthenon and the sculptures of Phidias,
In him there is nothing of the
ruggled splendor of Aeschylus, his predecessor
nothing superhuman or demoniac we move
within limits in which everything is subdued
and perfected with consummate art. In some
es loses by this self-restraint
nobody, for instance, would compare his con-
ception of Clytemnestra with E#schylus's: but
what he loses in one particular he gains in ar
other: insome of his plays his plots are admuir-
ble. each scene being evolved out of what has
gone before The chorus and the “argument”
are brought into the proper relation to eact
other; so, also, are the characters and incidents

is Sophocles

 
 

 

respects Sophoc

Tt isan artistic rendering of selected situations

Which Sophocles presents, often he gives no

answer to the graver questions which arise: yet
of him, nevertheless, it has been said with
truth that hq “saw life steadily and
saw it whole.” In his boyhood he had

beheld the Persians driven back in ruinous

|
|

 

| the
|

     

in cities of Asia Mine, |

defeat from the shores of Greece; he had watched
the growth of the Athenian Empire, and he
had lived to see Athens brought low by the
catastrophe of the Sicilian expedition, Through
all these changes he had preserved a serenity
and a only endeared
him to country, but left him peculiarly
receptive to the influence of art

The other great tragic poet of the Periclean
period ia ruripides, about whose plays opinions
wreatly differed in the poet's lifetime, and have

   

which no

cheerfulness

his

differed ever since He was, in truth, ineon-
sistent with himself On the whole, he was
the poet of the new movement at Athens, dear

to Socrates and his school, the prophet of eman-
cipation and enlightenment; but he was also
the author of the Baccha. in which he pleaded
for the ritual and worship of He
was capable of writing seenes of touching sim-

Dionysus

plicity, such as the death of Aleestis, yet at
other times He availed himself of the mogt
wretched resources to excite compassion

 

Inthe Helena, her husband Mene!aus is brought
before us after his shipwreck, clad in a@ plece
of saileloth; and the “rags of Telephus” have
been rendered notorious by Aristophanes
Often the poet's language is of extraordinary

beauty, simple or splendid as suits the con-
text: then, again, there are passages of mis-
placed rhetori false antithesis and mean-
ingless repetitions Whether we like him

ia impossible to
e most important

or dislike him, however, it

deny that Buripides took t

 

 

 

step that had ever been taken in the history
of tragedy It is human nature as he saw il
around him, and human passion as he be-
held it, whieh, under thin disguises, are
the motives of his plays Hie interprets
the old myths in the light of his own
time, and it is true enough that the re-
sult is often sadly realists The illusion
is completely swept aside; Apollo is the meanest
of men, Aphrodite thea worst of womer Awa
memnon and Menelaus are just such Kings
of Sparta is we read oof in Herodotus
Compared with the Hermeric coneeptions of
deities and heroes, the new presentment Jar
upon the reader Yet it is a step forward that

drarmat poetry has been brought
nearer to her great offiea of holding the mirror
up to nature K

introduced a new

we witne

taking th steno Buripides

and through

ife inte tragedy

 

 

his re breathes the same spirit whieh
a ikespeare

icteristic stillof Periclean Athens,
of led aity fe and the increasingly
democrat feeling w the rise of comedy
This was said to be of Dorian erigin, but the
& it ic poets at Athens begins
w is a fragmenta of his works
remain, but they sufflee to prove that in his
time comedy had already established her claim

to deal with persons and questions of the day

He

was one of the flercest of the opponents

 

 

 

   

of Pericles and Aspasia, and in his Panopte
he ridiculed the sophists He was followed
by Eupolis, Crates, Pherecrates, Hermippus,
Aristophanes and many more The plays of
poets but Aristophanes have per-

ished) of his comedies eleven have been pre
served, some of which deal with politics others
ts It is well kn n

ihieet of caricature

is Socrates. Whether Aristophanes really mis-

to the extent which

i, but to a

judged him

 

  
  

plies mnay be doubte

was grist that came to }

in his appearance and his life

a subject to be lost through anys

ist to the man. 14

the poet to display his«

gcir . erialist

hattle of thd the exeeution of the

t us, polities in no longer a

r comedy lhe Froga (BOC. 405

is a criticism on the three great dran

of the century, Sophocles and bury

 

th dead, Dionysus is in want of a poet, and
to the shades where he

 

sin search of one
finds a contest raging between Furipides and
Machylus for st place Aristophanes is
often too realistic, but, in spite of much that
the n reader, the
Attic art is

among the

 

the fir

starties and shacks dermn
incomparable perfect
spread over his co and

songa introduced into his plavs are some which

grace ot

mpositions

 

are unsurpassed in Greek lyric Verse,
Iv.

The beginnings of prose writing {fn Greece
do not appear to go back beyond the sixth
century bh. ¢ Toward the end of that century
anumber of “logographers,” as they were called,

 

 

smaking
onceived

order

deseribe, even te

had endeavored t rth
of a map, the world as they knew it or

it, and to reduce to seme kind of

 

the

 
    

 

    

 

confused mass of legends which re current
about the past histor f the cit f Greece
ofed »men Hecatwus of Miletus was the
most remarkable His works on geography
ind } itta 1 the widest reputation;
sich at least is the conclusion to be drawn
the constant al ns of Hero
write Herodotus, who
fie until 426 BOC, was, like Hecateais
il t Doria f Ha rnasstus, t
in all brut birth His work, both in range and

tior uivance of an

concept was far in

 

which had preceeded him He is the historian
of the great Persian vasion, but the treat-
ment of that subject iples only a portion
of s work, which is intended to save from
ol mm the great and wonderful things that

 

had been done in the world, and to trace from
its origin the cause of the long contiict bet ween

Enst and West
t}

res les the Odyssey in in e

work closely

arlier books

re his

In struct

 

earried to all the distant regions of the
Rabvienia, EFeypt, Inc Libya
ifter the fifth book the narra-
and tore eoncentrated
and P ‘ in
nthe work belongs to the age before
4 Not that Herodotus is wanting
he is often led by his
mm to differ from the
his time. He is moved to
laughter at the sight of the Ionian maps, in
which the earth is circular, as “If turned out
ofa lathe,” and surrounded by the ocean stream
Reason and researeh have convinced him that
such a theory is untenable, and that the River
not exist hough a deeply
in who sees in everything thetouch
afirm believer in
envy (Nemesis),

  
 
 

we are
world, to
and Seythia, but

ber

 

mes more

duel

tive

 

on the between Greece

 

the se

 

own

 

in ct power
observation and meditat

opinions current in

 

 

Oceanus does
religious m
of a superhuman
retribution and

he has the Ionian interest in natural philosophy
s amass of floating vapor,

power,
divine

he regards the sun

 

driven to fro by the winds; he Its
averse to mysticism; he will not accept the
doctrine of a future life, atany rate as he finds
it current in Eaypt and in Thrace; what is

more remarkable still, he seems to have doubt
whether any God hus ever assumed a human
form, or whether any God has been the de-
ascendant of a God and a human mother A
contemporary of Herodotus was
whom Thucydides

younger
Hellenions of Mytilene
men mst the only historian who had
trented of the period subsequent to the Persian
dides also may be called a
contemporary of Herodotus, though
intellectual difference the

assign them to different
Athenian, and
Athenian thought
as strongly Herodotus bear the
stamp of Jonian inquiry Phe « the
traveller whose attention is attracted by any
strange Custom or new is replaced by an
intense application to the great subject which
is the work of his life
and the possession of raankind forever, Thucy-
dides is the historian of the Peloponnesian war;
with the purpose of being such kept in view
he studied the history of Greece and
availed himself of every opportunity of ascer-
taining precisely the the war and
the motives which weighed with the belliger-
ents, On the one band, he estimates the effect
of the war on character in Hellas, and on the
national character-
or failure, In

    

masa

   

wars hues
younger
between two
historians imypes8 us to
Ile was an his
the st

ee

is does that o

generations
work bears imp of

iriosity of

the writer has chosen

 

    

early

events of

other hand he shows how
contributed to

jstics BLICCESS

 

the details of their criticism Heredotus and
Thucydides are at times not unlike
each other, for both have a distrust
of the poets, and both are guided by indica-
tions, in forming an opinion on the events
of past history; ing the general principles

which they follow, however, they ae far asun-
der. ln the place of the religio feeling

 

which dominates the earlier historian, we en-

counter in Thucydides an economical and
political conception of life. It is not the
idea of retribution or divine envy, which

guides him ia his interpretation of events, but
rather the power of wealth, which enables
cities to build walls and ships and put down
piracies; the ambition which seeks to aequire
empire, and the pride which defends at any
cost what has been won. He does not wish to
astonish his readers by descriptions of what
is vast or strange: he does not measure the
importance of things by their remoteness he
pereeives the greatness of eventa which are
taking place around him and seeks to interpret
them for alltime. In his eyes the task of the
historian is not only to tell what has happened,
or in other words, to reeord events with the
greatest possible accuracy, but also to explain
why it happened. Herodotus is impressed
with the mutability of things, the decline of
the great and the rise of the insignificant, this
is the inference which we naturally draw from
a first acquaintance with history Phucy-
dides, on the other hand, believes that the
motives which influence mankind are at all
times and everywhere much the same, con-
sequently by a study of the past and the
present, we may advance forearmed to the
future. From this point of view, he is the first
and perhaps the greatest of historians.

 

Vv.

The Greeks were at all times keenly sensitive
t) the power of eloquence fromHomer downward
shapeliness” of words never failed to win favor
with a Greek audience As we have seen, a
great development of the art of orators took
place in Sicily about the middle of the fifth
century B.C, and it was not long ere the teach-
ers of the art carried their skill to Old Greece,
where they received acordial welcome, It was
mainly owing to his eloquence that Peri les so
long maintained his ground at Athens, and evers
young Athenian who wished to forward
in public life hegan by acquiring akillin speech
Those who would not or could not attend the
new masters of rhetoric became jealous of those
who did attend them, and perhaps this is one
for the abuse levelled by the typical
demagogue Cleon at the clever speakers of
his time. Here. as every where in Greece, native
foree and acquired dexterity were in
flict. and “Whatisit that you young men want?”
was a question asked at Athens as well as Syra-
couse. Yet, even during the Peloponnesian War,
when Antiphon defended himself in a speech

come

 

reason

con-

THE SUN, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1900.

}
goras, as we have just noted, wae

| voted himself to moral and

way of wages, and spent his time in) talk-
ing to any one whom he could find ready to
enter into ission Asking no fee
for his instruction if instruction it eould
be called, when he always insisted that he was
the most ignorant of the company he asso-
ciated with rich and poor till he gathered
|} around him a band of disciples who shaped
the philosophy of the next century It
is well known that Socrates wrote noth-

which Thucydides describes as the best of its |

kind spoken in Athens down to that time
Athenian oratory was immature, and it was not
till the next century that eloquence was raised
to its greatest height in the speeches of Lysias
and Demosthenes

What is here said of oratorical prose is no
less applicable to the prose of science In the
Periclean age no writer on morals or physics
can be compared in respect of style with Plato,
who belongs to the next generation The
fact should not blind us, however, to the real
progress which was made during the fifth cen-
tury B.C. in speculation on the nature of the
universe. The great
Agrigentum, had explained
mechanieal principles, All matter, he said
consisted of the four elements, earth, water,
air and fire, which were set inmotion by two
opposing powers, love and hatred (attraction
and repulsion), These elements, he held, were
mixed together in a vast orb or sphere, which
were whirled around by the energy of the con-
tending powers. By attraction, air and fire
were drawn into the outer parts of the sphere,
and formed the atmosphere and the lurminas
ries and water sank to the middle.
Anaxagoras, to whom we have previously
referred, improved upon this system; instead of
{ existence of

 

the universe on

 

 

earth

he assumed the

equal in number to the qualities of

our elements,
“things,”
which we have perception, by the union and
separation of these things the objects of sense
eame into being. In everything there was a
portion of everything, but not, of course, an
hence arises the difference be-
thing and another, between flesh
and blood, earth and water. In order to ac
eount for this union and separation, Anaxa-
goras assumed a moving and directing “mind,”
which was of a nature distinct from everything
else: by the action of “mind” the original mass
or mixture was separated and arranged. Yet
Anaxagoras did not succeed in escaping from
the difficulties which had beset his predecessors
Just as in Empedocles the existence of “love”
and “hate” is a mere assumption made to exe
plain the world, so is it with the “mind” of
Anaxagoras; he required a motive power for
the creation of objects of sense, and, therefore,
sumed the existence of a cause the origin
and nature of which he cannot explain, Other
difficulties arose from the qualitative nature of
the ts which he postulated,

Domecritus, following in the steps of Leucip-
pus, his master at Abdera, sought to give a atill
more simple and more purely mechanical ac-
count of the origin of the untverse. He dis-
carded the qualitative difference of the elements
which were, however, he thought,
and sizes and indivisible
Moving downward through the “void,” these
atoms impinged on each other, and, thus be-
entangled, formed masses, larger or
more or less dense or rough. From
primary qualities arose the secondary
qualities of taste, smell, &c. Besides atoms
and “void" there was nothing. By them, and
them only, was explained the whole world of
matter and mind. Such was the great physical
Democritus. In his own age it was
disregarded, at any rate at Athens; Socrates
turned away from it to his Dialectics, Plato to
his “Ideas.” More than a century afterward
Fpieurus made it the foundation of his pbhil-
and in modern times it has been adopt-
ed in a shghtly different form as the basis of
natural science

We have seen that the feeling of the old-
fashioned Athenians in the age of Pericles
strongly condemned the sophists and all their
Yet of some of these writers it must be
said that they made greater contributionsto
moral science than were made by Plato himself
The sophists were among the first to {protest
against slavery, an honor which Euripides
shares with them: and to Protagoras we owe
the saying that punishment ts inflicted for the
reformation of the offender, not for the satis.
faction of revenge or for the adjustment of the
balance of fault and retribution. In other
respects, if may be admitted, the views
of Protagoras were less advanced, like Hobbes

equal portion

tween one

 

   

 

eler

or “atoms,

of various shapes

coming

smaller,

these

 

 

system of

osophy

works

he maintained that might was right, which
Was inconsistent with his own condemnation
of slavery. His most famous doctrine was

expressed in the words: “Man is the measure
of all things,” which, if it meant that there
was no knowledge outside the human mind,
was true enough, but far from true if it im-
plied that every man is entitled to have his
own viow of right or wrong. He refused like
Confucius and our modern agnostics to enter
into any arguments about the existence or na-
ture of the gods, on the ground that the human

| down has given usa lifelike pieture of Socrates

Sicilian, Empedocies of |

| ophy, a position due not so much to the teaching

| to have attained great eminence as a mathee

faculties were inadequate and human life
too short for such discussion, views which
naturally brought him into disrepute as an

atheist. Of the ethical teaching of Democritus
to whom we have just alluded there are many
interesting fragments, Sometimes he speaks
as a utilitarian, “Pleasure and disgust are
the eriterta of good and evil,"’ which is, how-
ever, but another way of saving that a prop-
erly trained nature will hate evil and love
good. The highest virtue, he says, is to fulfil
all duty to the State; it is in the State that a
man's nature becomes realized, and he shows
his qualities, good or bad. Duty must be
done for its own sake, without thought of the
gods or a future existence, for which, indeed,
there is no room in the system of Democritus
From the consciousness of duty fulfilled arises
the peace of mind which is the true human
felicity This peace is neither the rapture
of the mystic nor the dream of the idealist
It is the calm satisfaction of the man who does
not his pleasures in what is mortal, or
ondertake tasks which are too high for him
The greatest help toward attaining this peace
is education, of which Democritus says that
it is an ornament to the prosperous and a refuge
to the unfortunate. There is also no greater
pleasure for @ man than the contemplation

 

 

seek

ar eethe =

f

 

 

     

of great actions and the investigation of truth;
for his own part, Democritus would rather
be the discoverer of a single new truth than
sit on the throne of the Great Kine

Vi
It is obvious that the views of the philoso-

had bee would

phers, if they me popular,

have destroved the orthodes religion. In the
system of Democritus and in that of his fel
lower, Epicurus, the gods were nominally al-
lowed to exist, but only as spirits who lay
beside th ir nectar and took no part in’ the
ordering of human affa'rs Anaxagoras put

intellect in the place of divine power, and Prota-
an enostic

It was only in the teachin of the Pythagore-

ans that religion maintained a place among
Philosophers, and their religion was not that
of the common people The Greeks, however,
were not readers, though it is probable that
almost every Athenian could read, and for
a long time the speculations of philosophy
were either written down in books perused by
but a few, or discussed in narrow circles. In

and religion
so widely
lonia and
Theasure

who

Athens, at any rate, phiosophy
did not diverge from one another
as among the bolder thinkers of
Thrace. This was due in a great
to the influence of Socrates (B.C. 460-2990),
discarding physical inquiries, ier
specula-

 

altoge de-
mental
tion and criticism. He was an Athenian of
the Athenians, so great a lover of his city that
the battle.

refused

he never left it to serve on
fleld, and, when condemned to death,
to save his life by disobedience to

under which he suffered
a nature that he claimed to be guided in all
his actions by a divine voice. He took up
the questions opened by the wandering sophivts
so far as they related to polities,
and endeavored to find answers to them based
sculptor by trade,

except

the laws

a man of so religious

ethies of

on deeper investigations A
he was satistied with the barest pittance in the

 

frame
regit-

je attempt to
1 |

any
conversation

ing himself, neither did
any system of ethics, or to teach
course, His power lay in
by a serie of subtly contrived questions, he
led the discussion in this way and that till
his opponeat had become involved in inex-
tricable difficulties or downright contradic-
tions, Professing to know nothing himself
he was always convincing others of their imnor-
ance and at the same time stimulated them to
lay a sure foundation of knowledge and of
virtue. Among those who listened to him was
Xenophon, who in the simple memorials of his
master's which he has jotted

lar

 

conversations

market place of
house

as be might be seen in the
Athens, or at a barber shop, or in the
of a friend, day by day, asking questions, and
tearing to pieces the answera which he received
till he exposed their superficiality if he did not
attain to the truth beyond them ‘lato, also
a disciple, made the conversations of Socrates
the basis of his dialogues Through his disci-
ple’a genius, Socrates has become the best-
known figure among the philosophers of the
world, and the account whieh Plato has given
of his master’s closing days is little less than
a canonization. For it came to pass that Soc-

rates, whose whole life had been passed in the

 

 

performance of duty, fell a vietim to the re-
ligious and political susceptibilities of the
Athenians: he was accused of atheism and of
perverting the young men with whom he was
associated, and, when more than 70 years of
age, was condemned to death

Through Socrates Athens became a centre of
philosophy, so far as ethics and polities were
concerned. In the department of science, on
the other hand, she had but little share. Hip-
tes, the great physician of the fifth century
, Was a native of Cos, and what were called
the medical schools of the time were to be found
in that island and at Epidaurus, Cnidus and
Croton, To Croton belonged Democedes, and
in the next generation Alemmon, who was the
founder of anatomy From Cnidus came
Euryphon and Ctesias, who was ph
Artaxerxes Mnermon at the close of the century.
The writings of Hippocrates were the
of the art. Disease was no longer regarded as
due to supernatural Influence and as susceptible

  

 

siclan to

classics"

 

  

of cure only by charms and incantations, or by
dreams in the temple of Asclepius. Hippoe
crates maintained that all diseases have a

natural cause, and that natural means must be
taken for their cure. Nature must be aided
where possible, he said, and where she cannot
be aided she must be left to herself. “What
drugs cannot cure the knife must heal; where
the knife fails fire must be applied; and if fire
fails there is no remedy.” In kindred
aciences of botany and biology little was done,
though Democritus laid a foundation for future
studies in those flelds by his treatises on the
causes of seeds, plants and frulis and on the
structure of animals. More attention was
paid to mathematics; in the Platonic system,
as in the Pythagorean, they occupied the fore.
most place among studies preparatory to philos-

the

of Socrates as to Plato's sympathy! with the
exactness of thought. Yet no Athenian seems

matician, except, perhaps, Meton, who iB. C
432) arranged the calendar on a new” and
accurate system, based on a cycle of
nineteen years, by which the solar and lunar
years were brought into connection
with each other, In geography both scientific

closer

and descriptive, the Greeks took the liveliest |

As we have seen, geographical works
were among the first efforts in prose. The
Pythagoreans advanced so far as to conceive
of the earth as a cone, and Parmenides, fol-
lowing this up, invented a theory of zones;
but the current view in the fifth century was
still that of the Ionians who regarded the earth
asa flat plate floating on alr in the middle of
the universe. The general form of the Med-
iterranean was pretty well known, but measure-
ments were inaccurate, and, therefore, con-
fiicting. Whether Libya was surrounded by
the sea, and whether the Caspian was closed
at the northern end were still open questions
Little or nothing was known of the
north of Europe, for what
traders had discovered they

interest,

west or
the Phanician
kept as a trade

secret; as little was known of India, in spite of
the voyage of Scylus to which Herodotus
refers,

vil.

In all the departments of fine art, though
not equally in all, a new impulse seems
to have stimulated Greece in the fifth century
The art of painting had long been employed
in a subordinate manner for the decoration
of houses and of marble tombs, and on a smaller
scale for the decoration of vases. Of pictures
in the modern sense, pictures on wood, we
hear of one executed at the command of Man-
drocles, on the bridge built for him over the
Bosporus. There is also a legend that a picture
of a battle with the Magnetes was painted by
Bularchus for Candaules of Lydia, who paid

for it with its weight in gold. At the end
of the sixth and beginning of the
fifth century there was a remark-
able development in vase painting, the

black flaures which had been long in use being
discarded for red. The creator of painting,
however, considered as a fine art, was Polve-
notus of Thasos, who in Cimon's
rated the walls of the Painted Porch at Athens
The most famous of his works were the paint-
ings in the porch of the Cnidians at Delphi,
in which he depicted the under world and the
destruction of ‘Troy. Of Pausanius
has given a minute description The skill of
Polygnotus was shown not so much in eolor-
ing as in the expression which he wave to the
face and figure and in the composition of his
figures. A painter who did much to improve
the decotation of the stage was Agatharchus
of Samof, a younger contemporary of Polyg-
notus, and as a good scene could hardly be

time deco-

these

|

 

painted without some knowledge of permective,
we may suppose that Agatharchus madethis his
study. But the greatest of Creek pinters
were Zeuxis of Heraclea and Parrhaius of
Ephesus, who belonged to the end of tle fifth
Of the works of Zeuxis we live no
details, with the his ¢
Fomily, whieh is described by Lue, In
the Acharniana of Aristophanes there is at
allusion to the Eros which Zeuxis pained tn
the temple of Aphrodite at Athens, “a beatiful
boy crowned with Aristotle says
of him that hisart was such that he could nake
even the impossible eredible, but his paintings
were deficient in the expression of charteter
being in this respect the reverse of these of
Polygnotus Parrhasius was the
porary and rival of Zeuxis About
of his paintings are mentioned, among Wem
the Healing of Telephus, the Modneas of Glya-
acua, the Philoctetca on Lemnos and the Ttrane-
theus, which show an inclination toward aib-
jects in which strong emotion was expressed
without loss of dignity. The story of the con-
test between Zeuxis and Parrhasius is well
known. Zeuxis painted grapes with such
fidelity that the birds came to pluck them
Confident of sticcess, he went to the studio of
Porrhasius, and not seeing his picture, bade
him draw the curtain which concealed it. But
the curtain was the picture, and Zeusxis ae-
knowledged that Parrhasins had won

In seulpture the artists of the fifth century

century,

exception of ntaur

roses

 

 

cotleni
twenty

attained an eminence which has never heen
surpassed. By what inspiration of genius
and sleight of hand they were able to pass

insipid forms of the
attitude,

at once from the heavy

previous rigid in their
so blatant in expression, so coarse in the color
ind animated perfection

he explained

century, so

ing, to the graceful

of the age of Pericles cannot
As it was in the drama, so it was in seulpture
Great masters appeared who carried the art

forward with astonishing rapidity. The prog
not confined to Athens, but spread
Gulf, with
Canachus of Sieyon

ress was
to all the cities around the Saronic
the exception of Corinth
and Hawgeladas of Argos
quite early in the fifth century Bo ¢

knewn
the first

were widely

was preeminent in working in bronze, and his
greatly influenced
made a statue

material
work in He
of Aphrodite in ivory and gold for her temple
in Sieyon At gina, the sculptures of the
Temple of Athena belonged to this period: the
chief master here was Onatas, whose works
were thought equal to those of the greatest
sculptors of the Attic school In Athens seon
after the Persinn War, Critius and Nesiotes
executed statues of Harmodius and Aristo-
giton to replace those which Nerxes had car-
ried off to Susa. These artists were followed
by Calamis and Myron, whose bronze figures
of animals were among the finest efforta of
Greek plastic art. Greater still was Phidias,
in whose hands the human form was rendered
with a dignity and perfection which are still
the wonder and despair of the sculptor His
material was generally marble; the figures
in the pediments of the Parthenon by which
his style is best known were necessarily of
this material, but he also wrought in bronze,
and, in the case of his finest efforts, in gold
and ivory. The statue of Zeus at Olympia,
which was regarded in antiquity as some-
thing almost superhuman, and the statue of
Athena in the Parthenon were executed in
materials. In estimating the effect of
stich we must that they
were traced in the dimly lighted celle of tem-
ples where the brilliance of the coloring would
be much subdued. After the death of Phidias,
to which we have above referred, the primacy
in art passed from Athens to Argos, where
Polyeclitus executed work only second, and not
in all reapects second, to the Athenian mas-
ter's. The Argive Hera was thought worthy
to rank with the Olympian Zeus, and in his
Amazon Polyclitus carried off the prize from
his rival

In architecture the advance was not so great
asinsculpture,though herein also the finest mas-
tothe fifthcentury B.C., and
were to be found at Athens. To the two styles
already in use, the Doric and the Ionic, of
which the Doric had been employed in Old
Greece and the Ionic in Asia, a third, the Corin-
thian, was now added, with its richly carved
capital, but for some time the innovation was
not received with much favor. It was even
accounted a departure from the severer styles,
which had hitherto prevailed, when the Frech-
theum was rebuilt on the Acropolis toward the
end of the century with lonic pillars and cary-
atides. The great temples were all Doric; the
Parthenon, the Theseum the best
preserved piece of Athenian architecture, the
Basse, the temples of A gina and
Olympia, of Agrigentum and Selinus, though
varving in detail, are all of this style. The
great architect of the age was Iectinus, the
builder of the Parthenon (completed In B. ¢
438) andof the temple of Apollo Epicurius at
Basem in Arcadia, but he was ably sup} orted by
others, namely, by Callicrates, who helped
him to build the Parthenon, and by Mnestcles,
the architect of the Propylea (B.C. 437-
Athens now became incomparably the most
beautiful city of Greece, a city which every one
wished to see, and which those who had seen
wished to again In other parts of
Attica also temples arose at the bidding of
Pericles, namely, at Eleusis, where the temple
of the Holy Goddesses was rebuilt on a much

success in this

the stone also

  

these

statues remember

 

ter pieces belonge

so-called

temple at

 

see

 

larger scale, at Sunium, which is
still crowned by the columns of the
ruined temple of Athena, and at

Rhamnus, where the temple to Nemesis was
rebuilt, In Sicily, also, Hiero of Syracuse
and Thero of Agrigentum vied with each other
in building great temples to celebrate the de-
liverance of Sicily from the attack of the Bar-
barians. Agrigentum now became (in the last
quarter of the fifth century B. C.), owing to its
prosperity and opulence, the “fairest of the
cities of men,” and among the many temples
which adorned the town rose conspicuous the
temple of Olympian Zeus, “surpassed in magni-
tude by no Grecian building of the time except
that of Diana of Ephesus” At Selinus also
temples hardly less eplendid were erected,
and in both cases the work seems to have been
interrupted by a Carthaginian’ invasion.
At Segesta, too, are the remains of a temple,
“one of the most perfect and striking ruins
in Sicily,” which appeara to have been left
unfinished. At Athens Pericles did not occupy
himself with temples only. To the south of the
Acropolis, a little eastward of the theatre of
Dionysus, he built an odetim or music hall
for the performance of musical contests, a
detached cireular building with a dome-shaped
roof, supported by numerous pillars in the

| interior, a copy, as it was said, of the tent of

Xerxes. Wigh the help of Hippodamus he laid
out the Peirewus in straight streets crossing
each other at right angles, and the services
of the architect were commemorated by the
market place which bore his name. More
important by far was the addition of the second
of the Long Walls which connected Athens
and the Peiraus. It ran parallel to the wall
already built, but to the south of it, and was
apparently erected soon after the ostracism
of Thucydides, when Pericles ruled without a
rival. When this wall was completed, that
joining Athens and Phalerum became of little
use and was allowed to fall into decay.

vin.

In spite of the lavish outlay of the reve-
nues upon temples and public buildings, little
was done for the comfort and convenience
of the residents in Athens during the Peri-

 

c'ean Age. There is no reason to suppose
that Athens was worse cared for than were
inost Greek towns, it was probably better

eared for than were many, yet what a picture
do we get of the streets from the comedians
andtheorators. Inthe Waapa of Aristophanes,
the old men who visit their fellow juror in
the early morning grope their way through
the gloom by the light of a few lanterns carried
by boys. “Hold the lantern lower,” cries
one, “that we may not do ourselves a mischief
on a stone.” “Take care,” replies the boy,
“and step clear of the mud.” Conscious of
the.r own danger, they imagine that their
friend is unable to join them because he is
suffering from some accident of this kind,
Water used in the house was thrown into the

 

 

street at evening without ceremony, «
of warning being thought enough forthe 4
the passers-by, From & scene it

clear that no ru

tection of
the Feel
decency were observed in the streets at
To these natural and disgust
added others arising from @ love of practical
wildness of Athenian youtt

asarused it is

 

were

dangers

jokes or the

Phe mutilation of the Herma@ is @ notorious
instance of the oulragwes W hich could be
perpetrated in the pubhe streets with litte

Lysias gives a graphic de-
row which

fear of detection
scription of a disreputable street
only came to an end when every obe engaged
had gota broken head Ban is of young mnen
roamed the street, and any one who fell into
their hands had reason to remember his mis-
fortune, On the breaking-up of an entertaine
ment the more excited of a party would burst
of a mistress or a companion
and bring the night to aclosein her apartment,
The less frequented parts of the town were the
resorts of the worst characters, and no one could
be found there without some risk to his repu-
tation. The aastynomi who had charge of
the city do not s« 1 to have taken any meas-
ures preservation of order; at least
we never hear of any organized night police
or wate The only remedy for outrage
was the law courts

Down to the time of their disastrous revolt
ie tonian sea.
Minor had been the centres of
» ships of Miletus were known
Bosporus to
friendly with
Sybaris in Italy,
trade to the Far
the

 

open the doors

 

for the

men

against Persia tl cities on the
board of Asia
Greek trade T
from the Cimimnerian
haypt
kretria in
The
West

Dorian eity of Cnidus was in close relations with

 

Naueratis in

the city Wis on terms

Kuba@a and with
Phocaans opened the

the Samians were known at Cyrene

Croton lhrouch these entrepots the products
and wares of the interior of Asia, Africa
and western Europe passed to Greece
After the suppression of the Tonian revolt

hostilities between Persia
state of things came to un

outbreak of

and the
and Old Greece this

 

 

end. For twenty years (B.C. §99-48)9) Grecian
ships were excluded from the Fastern .Beean
and “all beyond Delos seemed as far off as the,
Pillars of Hereule The altered relations

Persia doubtless checked the trade with
e, and, their power
Asia

of the come.

with
the interior, at least fora tir
and prosperity lost, the Tonian cities of
fel md Much
merce which they lost passed into the hands of
Ath Already, at the time when Xerxes
crossed the Hellespont, Athens was importing
ruin from the Fuxine, and after the liberation
of Jonia the Hellespont trade would be free
to follow the natural channels and gather around
the city which now became the centre of the
Greek world. Under the shadow of the Delian
League the commercial supremacy of Athens
became firmly rooted. She not only entered into
treaties with numere emporia inthe Agean,
and even on the coasts of the Euxine, butshe felt
herself sufficiently strong to impose navigation
laws on many which traded with her
In the importation of grain especially the most
stringent precautions were taken to secure
an ample supply at a moderate price, By
the conquest of Fgina she got rid of a power-
ful rival, and though the trade with the West
still remained chiefly in the hands of Corinth,
the commerce of Athens was so firmly estab.
lished that the capture of the eity by
Lysander failed to destroy it

This was not the case with Athenian agricule
ture. From the days of Pisistratus to the out-
break of the Peloponnesian War, with the excep-
tion of the Invasion of Nerxes, Attica had en-
joyed unbroken security. The land was notonly
tilled wherever tillage was possible, and used
as pasture in the wilder parts, but the owners
of the soil lived on their farms, built them-
selves handsome houses and enjoyed to the
full the quiet and independence of a country
life, All this was changed by the Pelopon-
nesian War. Those who had lived in com-
fort and abundance were driven into Athens
tojfind shelter where they could, and, by the
end of the war, most of them were ruined.
Of the straits to which they were reduced we
may read in the Memorabilia of Xenophon.
In the Plutus of Aristophanes also, which be-
longs to the period after the war, we get 4
picture of dire poverty. In the earlier plays
the poor man complains of the aggression of
the rich and of thelr monopoly of the good
things of the State, but it {s not wealth which
he covets so much as power. He is happy
enough on three obols a day, if only he can
show his contempt for the rich. To have the
great man at an advantage, to make him cringe
and cog this is marrow to the juryman who
sees highly pald offlees going into the hands

into the sec rank

  

 

 

cities

even

 

of the “son of Coesyra.”
When one attempts to form any genera
cosception of the social life and character

of the Greeks he is met at the outset by certain
‘The institution of
house-

facts of primary importance,
slavery divided every city and every
hold into two sections, of Which one Was sup-
posed to exist for the comfort and conven-
ience of the other. It may be true that slaves
were kindly treated in daily life by the Greeka,
but their legal position was intolerable; in his
own house every man Was a tyrant, with more
than a tyrant’s power over those around him.
‘The moral dangers of suchrelations are obvious,
and they must also have been fatal in a large
degree to elevation of character. The slaves
owner alternated between a self-sufficient pride
when he compared himself with the “living
tool” which he employed, and an ever-present
apprehension that his tools might combine
against him. Society was an insecure
basis, and though the difficulties which attend
the opposition of labor and capital were avoided,
even trade and industry were greatly injured
by the system Again, there were no pro-
fessions in Hellas, and even if their place
may have been taken to some slight extent
by the various popular among
the Greeks, the profound influence which pro-
fessions now exercise on character was not
brought to bear in shaping individual life. Mr.
Abbott thinks that, perhaps, an exception ought
to be made in favor of medicine, but even this
art was largely practised by slaves. Thearmy
at Sparta and the navy at Athens were also
useful in bringing men together and diffusing
an eaprit de corpa among them. Finally, ‘as
we began by noting, women were not admitted
intosociety at Athens, and though in some other
cities, as at Sparta, they were not 80 strictly
secluded, social life in the modern sense did

on

societies so

not exist. Of Athenian women it would be
monstrous to take our opinions from the
comedians, though in Aristophanes there

are some pleasant glimpses of domestio life,
If, in the fifth eentury B. C., Greece had de-
clined somewhat from that wonderful age in
which Arete and Nausicaa, Penelope and An-
dromache, had their births, Athens was at
least still capable of admiring an Alcestis and
an Antigone M. W. HY

FLAGSTAIFF'S 1CE AMINE,
An Inexhaastible Underground Supply fora
Town in Arizona,

Fiacstarr, Ariz., Oct. 10.—Flagstaff, a
comfortable logging town on the Santa Fé
Pacific Railway in Arizona, has been provided
by nature with the queerest fcemaking plant
known, During the past summer a large part
of the town's ice supply has been secured
from caves in the pine woods, nine miles to
the southward

The caves are in lava formation, the geo-
logical capping of the entire country. Entering
to the main cavern, through a narrow alit in
the malapat rock, necessitates a vertical drop
of ten feet to the floor of a passage that runs
farther in, till blocked by tee barriers. Tha
tenperature in the cave, even in the height of
summer, is about the freezing point. Many
visitors have been prostrated by the cold after
making too long a stay

The ice, which is as hard as ice can be, fille
every nook And cranny beyond the short black
hallway that leads inward from the entrance.
When dug Way in Whatever quantity, it seems
to grow again from behind, in the manner of
the creep of glaciers The depth or size of the
deposit is not known It is even beliewed that
there ie an underground ice lake of immense
dimensions

liow the deposit was formedisa puzzie that
has not been solved by geologists or ice minera,
The region is almost destitute of surface or
well water and the mean temperatures are
far nbove the thermometric fleure that would
appear to render auch a deposit possible. But

the toe is there and the product of the wnlg
maine hee been Fold daily in Flagsiag,  *Y*

 

 

 

    

         

   

 

>

 

{