— -

 
     

 

 

 

|
i
P
hia |
:
a
i}!
|
; j

Se rae
Bea et
a
. cael

 

CROKER BRINGS $50,000

AND MONEY BLOSSOMS ALL OVER
NATIONAL HEADQUARTERS.

Mr. Taggart Off to Indiana, Feeling Poor bat
Looking Rich and Talking Confidently

=—Croker Looking to the Silent Vote to
Carry This State—Not Betting On It,
There was gladness yesterday in the heart

of Gum Shoe Bill, the great plutocrat hunter,
and of al! his beaters, trackers and gun-carriers
There was money in their pockets, too, and the
money caused the gladness, And the Hon
Richard Croker, Chieftain of Tammany Hall
and boss of the Democratic party from Montauk
Point to Erie, was responsible for both

Early in the morning there was a notable
gathering in ex-Senator Murphy's
the Hoffman House. Gum Shoe Bill was there,

rooma in

with the Hon. Thomas Taggart of Indiana
Mr, Croker waa present with Health Com-
missioner Cosby and Thomas F. Smith, who
fe Mr. Croker's private secretary. Mr, Croker
drew Gum Shoe Bill a little aside and they
whisr together Then the ex-Governor

of Missourl removed his glasses and wiped
them on his silk pocket handkerchlef, while
Mr. Croker turned to Mr. Smith

“Tommy, where is that satchel I gave you?”

he said —
“It's locked up in the safe downstairs,” re-

plied Mr. Smith

"You'd better bring it up,” said Mr, Croker

So Mr. Smith went away andinafew minutes
he returned with a strong, silver-mounted
alligator skin satchel in his hand. The ex
Governor of Missouri, Mr. Murphy, Mr. Croker
and Mr. Smith and the valise went into a little
room. They came out without the valise,
but Mr. Stone had fn his hand a package, done
up in brown manila paper, sealed with large
red seals and tightly bound with twine He
was smiling. Mr. Taggart caught sight of
the package and he began tosmile. Mr. Croker
and his friends didn'tsmile. Fverybody bowed
politely and Mr. Stone and Mr. Taggart went

 

away.

The package had in it $50,000 and Mr. Croker
had told the vice-chairman of the National
Committee that that was a part of New York
State's contribution to the Democratic na
tional war chest, and that more d be pro-
vided when that was gone. Mr Croker and
Mr. Murphy gave a similar package to the
State Committee on Friday and they told Chair-
man McGuire of the Executive Committee he
could have more whenever he nied

The brown paper was torn off the package in
one of the six luxurious parlors onthe Broad-
way side of the Hofiman Hou which the pluto-
erat hunters occupy, and the wad was divided.
Then the Hon. Mr. Taggart went downsturs
fora litile refreshinent. He took along several
friends, and they refreshed a number of times,
Then Mr. Taggart made a little speect

 

 

    

b

“Iam going back to Indiana to-night, my
friends,” he said We are guing to carry
Indiana, We are going to carry the Union,
We are going to elect Bryan, Listen: We

will carry Indiana, Iiinois, Ohio and New York,
unless the Kepublicans corrupt and buy the
voters in those States with their tremendous
campaign fund

Mr, Lugeait’s audience included State Sena-
tor William Fleming Mackey of Buflalo, Mr
Croker's candidate for Lieutenant-Governor;
Senator P. Henry Mecarren, “Gum Shoe Bil,
Commissioner Cosby, and the Hon John 1T
Norton, Mr. Crolker’s candidate for Se
tary of State. They applauded him

“We,” said Mr Taggart, are poor.” He
unconsciously patted his coat just over his
inside waistcoat pocket. “We have not even
the money for the necessary and legitimate
expenses

You are right,” said Mr. Norton, “not even
money for the necessary campaign expenses.”

Just at that moment lam Wager, sergeant-

tearms of the Democratic State Committee,

uatied into the place of refreshment. He
saw the group leaning against the polished
mahogany counter

“Hulloa, boys,” said Mr, Wager He stuck
his hand in his right coat pocket and drew out
arollof bilis six inchesindiameter. Heslammed
these down in front of Mr. Taggart Then he
stuck his hand in his left coat pocket and drew
out another roll of bills as large as the first
He slammed these down beside the first roll

“Have something with me,” he said, And
so they did,

It was learned on excellent authority last
night that Mr, Croker expects confidently that
he will be able to make good the promise he
made two weeks ago to Chairman James D
Richardson of the Democratic
Campaign Committee that the State of New
York south of The Bronx would give 100,000

 

        

 

  

majority for Bryan The National Com-
mittee — is figuring on 90,000 having
ecaled Mr, Croker'’s estimate 10 per cent. They

informed and believe that the
Republicans will not eome to the cit) line with
more than from 65,000 to 70,0 iralit’. Chair-
man Richardson is In Chicago now, conferring
with Chairman Jones of the National Committee,
and he {+ going to tell this to Chairman Jones

have also beer

 

   

  

as a fact that the Br: anized Democracy is going
to carry the Empire State on Nov. 6 by
@ plurality of from 20,000 to 25.000 votes
Mr. Croker has refused to make any publie
estimate of the vote in this city The facets in

regard to the expectations of the Democratic

campaigners as they are given here were learned |

last nigh? from a man who is working wit them
for the overthrow of the present Administra-
tion

Mr. Croker denends for this plurality upon
what he calls the “silent vote He said last
bight at the Dermnocratic Clut

“The silent vote in this campaign is
astonish people. It will be cast for Bryan and
it will elect him.”

It may be observed now that the Democrats
of New York State have all the money that ties
wint to spend It was said last nig hat
Mr. Croker's campaign fund is the largest that
has ever been in the hands of a political party

   

 

in New York State It was dee ared further |
that no one exeept Mr. Croker knew exactiy
what the fund amounted to, but Mr. Croker

 

has told al! of lu@ lieutenants to go ahead and
spend money as fast and as freely as y
wanted to and to send the bilis to
Hall. The amount of money which wil
apent by Mr Croker in the Bryan re

Tamn

 

 

aption

demonstration on Tuesday and on ean

paign thereafter will astonish even the old
timers

Mr. Croker is paying little attention to any-

thing now exce;t to the Bryan demonstea

tion. As THE SUN has told, it is his intention

to make this the most remarkable potitical

 

 

gwatering thet New York has ever seen M
Croker experts to have 200,000 men from New
York city and the adj g@ country to we
come Col, Brya Fourth avenue from Cooper
Union to Madison Square Garden and Madison

  

 

     

 

Square areto beyacke and jammed with mer
Col, Brvanisexpe tedtoarrive here earl onthe
morning of fuesda, over the Grand Central
Railroad A’ connittee, the chairman of
which will probably be Mr Croker, will meet
him and eavort him to the Hoffman House

At 5 o'clock the afternoon Cel Rryvan
will be the gies! of honor at as 1 dinner
ar can be rvedin the Hoffman e Moorish
room The reom will be specially decorated
for the dinner The questa will in de
all of the officers and speakers of the four
meetings which Col Brvan is to address Ww
Bourke ¢ kran will not be abiet, sanerik

atthe Madison Squa‘err ng. and he probably

wont be in tewn to d the dinner the
Hon. Hugh MelLaugh! boss of the Kings
County Democracy will be one of the quests
Edward M. Shepard, who is now a thorough-
golng machine man in good standing, having
acce: ted Mr. MelLaughiin as his leader, will
be another John DeWitt Warner, an ex-gold

     

Democrat will be another. And so there will
he a verv rleisant, harmonious little party in
the Moorish

Ive ef 1 be to protect Co
Bryan from annoyance while he is in tow:

  

In the evening he will be efficier guarded
by strong details of police, mounted and on
foot It is the intention of the Democratic
managers not to permit him to be annoved
by cranks, as they disrespectfully call some
of Col Bryan's warmest admirers. An effort
will be made to have him surrounded by hard-
headed men from the moment of his arrival
until he goes away on Wednesday morning
to begin his tour of the State

   

INDIANA ELECTORAL TICKET.

Names of the Men Who Have Reen Dropped
“Refused to Serve,’

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, 18--The Demo-
eratic State Central Committee to-day fied the
listof Presidential electors with the StateFlection
Board, and they will go upon the official ballot
as now submitted, an affidavit
the list saying t
lected, but for whom others had been substi-

Oct

at the electors originally se-

 

 

     

   

 

        

tuted, had refused to serve The men who

us taken from the list are Thomas W
Lindsey and Charles D. Morgan, electors, and
Samuel B Boyd, George Lo Gray and Ira Yeo-
man, contingent electors All the men whoare
removed from the licket were selected by their
districts at the State Convention, and °
mation Was given of changes till it aceide ly
leaked out on vesteriay Chairman Mar f
the StateCommittee said to-davthat the ges
had been made in order that no legal oblections
Should rest against any n nh the electoral
tic ,and that this was tt y cause forthe
actior It could not be le d whether there

had been any friction in and

the
when the men whose names were taken from
the ticket vere asked about the changes they
refused to dTscuss the subject

cominittee

Congressional |

accompanying |

 
 

| ALTGELD TALKS LIKE A WILD MAN.
| o-_

| All the Evils of Mankind Laid to Trasts-They
Can't Boss Bryan, He S0)*

Altgeld of Illinois

large audl-

Former Governor John P
spoke last night at length to a fairl
ence in the Clermont avenue rink in Brooklyn
The meeting was held under the auspices of
several labor organizations in Brooklyn and
was presided over by John Swinton, Mr. Alt-

geld didn't arouse any really great enthusiasm
He talked for nearly
| mainly to save
ihe sald were

anywhere in his speech
two hours and confined himsel!
age altacks on the trusta, whi

 

responsible for nearly everything that bad gone |

wrong or Was going wrong

He started on the full dinner pall
full dinner pail he expected see, he said,
was that belonging to the trusts The trusts,
he continued, putting up the prices
of articles to themselves and the men
who did the work of the country had to suffer

lo-day,” said Mr. Aitgeld, “we (ind every
areat trust upholding the government at Wash-
ington, Why hasn't there been & singl@ prose-
oilion of @ trust under the Sherman law?
Because the trusts run the Government |
the aren't going to prosecute themse ves
The trusts are out now getting Congressmen,

| The only
| Senators and Judges, and are furnisning all the

were
suit

and

money for the Republican campaign, Stil,
When they subseribe $100,000 fo the campaign
fund they expect to get $1,000,000 back again
from the public, however
ua partisan questi n, Itis one of

his bs hel
10 intelligent Man

éelf-preservation, Lhere
who thinks that if MeKinley is elected he will
Now, What can our candidate
Amidst all this vilification
years no one hus dared to say
ean control William J. Bryan

All we need at Washington

  

6top the trusts
do if he is elected?
of the last four
that the trust
| ‘Great applause
is a Man Whe Will listen te
who do the wo Am rica
Mr. Altgeld then described what he called
‘the “foreign influence’ at Washington, and
declared that Great Britain was fooling Preai-
| dent McKinley and Secretary Hay every day
and that tiis country should have extended
sympathy to the Hoers in South Alrica
As for expansion, he said there was
no such question at all it was really
imperialism, or militarism. “Shall we," he
said, “make our flag in the Philippines stand

 

 

 
 

 
  

 

   

for that which the Spanish flag has stood for
800 vears Mr. Altgeld then declared that
} the trusts didn't want the Philippines to help
| trade, but so they could bring over a lot of
cheap labor to crush down the American work-
Then

| Getting glory'” he shouted. “Why we're
| wetting nothing but bloody hands Our soldiers
| are laying waste flelds ning houses, shoot ng
| down women and childrer Aj) this is catisec
}by the American syndicates We are going
| into the business of verning people by brute
| force (ne trust ! led the Porto
| Kico bill as t prepared and
compelled the President to face
| gon t| around Thess Say they
are going to give the Porto Ricans good gov-
| ernment How? By giving them carpet-
baggers? The Administration has created
hundreds of oMlices down there that are of
no use to the people It's the same way inthe
Philippines and in Cuba There are more

carpetbagwers there now than there ever were
fre
|
spoke
|
|
}

 
  

in heypt
mer Mayor Rice of Canton, Ohio, also

LAWYERS FOR SOUND MONEY.

Arrangements for Their Participation in the
Demonstration of Nov, 3,
enrolment for the Lawyers’
Campaign Club exceeds that of
assured that the number of
the Sound

Already the
Money
and it is now

members who will participate in
| Money parade next month will be larger than
| participated in that oth cent Sound

Sound

1s08

  

| Money demonstration fe ago. Col
| Franklin Bartlett, a well-known Democrat,
will be the rnarshal of the lawyers and Charles

 

*n selected by the marshal aa
rmation of the lawyers’

f ten batralions, each
f fivecompanies. Marshal
inted ten assistant marshals
ns There will be three bands
andad i¢ s In » parade of 1896 the
lawyers had one band only and two drum corps.
Next Tuesaday the marshal will send a copy of
the first general every member en-
ro!

| H. Sherrill has b
| his ad ulant The fe
column Wil eonel
batralion to conaist
Bartlett has api«
to lead the batt

 

 

 

  
 

 

  

 

  

order t

led
The fottowing {g a list of the vice-presidents
of the elub

Charies B, Alexander Mortimer C,. Addoms, Fred-

   

 

   

    

erick H. Allen, E. Ellery derson, Avery D. Ar
| drews, Franklin Bartlett, aries Heaman, Fred-
| erick H. Betts, Frank S. Black, Albert 6. Boardman,
John M. Bowers, Cephas Pratnerd, Joseph R. Burr,
Preseott Hall lhutler Willlam G, Choate, WUllam N

| Cohen, Robert ©, Cornell, Paul UD. Cravath, William
1 KE, Curtis, Wiliam . Davenport, Julien T. Davies,
| Gherard Davis, George G. DeWitt, Robert W, De-
| Forest, Nathaniel A. Fisbure, Joseph Fettretch,
' Frank Harvey Field, eric de Pe,ster Foster,
George A. Gardiner, Wi m (, Guillver, George
diy, Edward Hf, Hobbes, Henry FE. Howland,
Charles Buckley Hubbell, Meyer S. Isaacs, Willlam
M. Ivins, William Jay, Adrian H. Joline, L. Lafitn
| Kellogg, J. Frederick Kernochan, iward Lauter
bach, Lewis Cass Ledyard, Ken/amin 7

| Lee, John Lenehar Josep ( levi
| Richard J. Lewts, Charlies F. Lydecker, Alexander
| T. Mason, George Maceulloeh Miller, Willlam Manice,
| Fdward E. MeCall, Edward Mitchell, Henry Lewis
Morris, John Mel. Nash, Carlisle Norwood, Ham-
| fiton Odell, David MH. Ogden, William M. kK. Olcott,
| ‘Thomas S. Ormiston, Samuel L. Parrish, John E

Parsons, Wheeler H. Peckham, Francis K. Pendleton,

     

 

|} James W. Perry, George G. Reynolds, George L
| Rives, Noah C. Rogers, Horace Russell. bo Aymar
Sands, Herbert L. Satterlee, Fdward W. Sheldon,
John Sabine Smith, Frederick A. Snow, Henry !
Sprague, Simon Sterne, Francts L. Stetson, William
' F Stiger, Henry \\ aft, Benjamin F Tracey, J,
| Evarts Tracy, Waiter rimble, Herbert Hi. Turner,
' Joseph Ullman, G. Willett Van Ness, James M. Var-
num orge Waddington, Sylvester L. H. Ward,
George | Weed, Mdward Weimdle (7. W. Wicker.

| eham, David Wilcox and George H. Yeaman
| Former Secretary of the Treasury John Cariisie
{a President of the club and the following comprise
its Executice Committee’ Hoffman M hairman,
Willlam N, Cohen, Thomas FP, Bayard, H, Sherrill,
T. H. Paskerville, Edward Van Ingen, John H. Ham-
Henry ©. Hunter, Norman 5, Dine lan M.

1. Roger Lewis and Herbert L.. Satterlee

 

WILL BE TWO ROOSEVELT DAYS,

The Governor Will Be Here on Oct, 26 as Wel
} as on Nov. 3

New York {is to have two Roosevelt dars
this campaign The Governor will be here
on O-t. 24 to attend the sveption which is

to be given in his
mnittee at Madison

 

onor County Com-

Square Garden. This re-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

ception will be one of the most notable ever
given to a candidate r office in New York
city. The fourteen parades which are to be held
promise to bring out at least 40.000 marchers
As an example of the interest which has been
taken in them, it may be mentioned that Port

Warden Jan EE. Marsh, the leader of the
Sixth Assembly district, has notifled President
Greene and Secretary Manchester of the County
Committee that he will turn out two divisio.«
of 3.500 men eich, making 7,000 marchers from
a single district (he Republicansor Stiten
Island have cancelled several dates for meet-
ingsand are Manhattan in a body

 

     

    

 

 

They will engages al ferry oats to transport
them across the bas The uptown districts
have all vromised to turn out bie delegations,
and tribute her quota,

Gov. Koo * Miissact ette hay
heen cancelled, and his itinerar wrethis Stat
has been ved forward one day, so that he
will be ab ead the sound money parade up
Broads on Nov 8

| Gov Kk velt will head the proceasion, which

jwill i 1,000 men, from the Battery to

} Madison Sprire, where he will go upon the re-
Viewing star

 

ted that President McKinley will
pirade if his oftleial duties do not
make it necessary for him to be in Washington
on that day The managera of the parade
have suggested that the President might go to
his home in Canton by way of New York, as

  

lt is ex
review th

 

he will be about ready to start for home on
| Nov. 3 anyway in order to vote
Giov. Roosevelt be on hand surely, and
the County ittee will take advantage of
his presence in tis eity to hold a number of

evening This will
York to sea Goy
campalen

meetings on Saturday
enable the people of New

Roosevelt twice during the

 

Adial to Speak in New Jersey.

]t was anno minced at the headquarters of the

New Jersey State Demecratic Committee |
der-ey City yesterday that Adlai FE. Stevenson
will speak to-morrow morning at Bridgeton and
Kiem andin the alterno n at Camden. Mr
Stephenson will be escorted to New York on
Tuee@iy mornong by State Senators Cornisn

and Keyes

Uepablican Club at Lafayette College,
Easton, Pa, ect 13.—Ren blican and Gold

| Democratic students at Lafayette formed a col-

the roen and women |

 

BRYAN’S TOUR IN OHIO,

HE TALKS ALL THE WAY FROM
CHILLICOTHE TO AKKON,

 

 

He Kefases to Answer Gov, Roosevelt's Ques-
tlons—Large Crowds Tarn Oat to Hear
Him in Lancaster, Zanesville, Mansfield
and Akron— Dresden Faurnishes a Text.

Courmars, Ohlo, Oct. 18.—Col, Bryan's
second day's speaking tour In Ohlo began at
Chillicothe at 8 o'clock this morning and ended
with a night meeting at Akron, where he will |
remain over Sunday as the guest of Judge E. R.
Grant. His itinerary to-day included nine stops,
though short stops were made at sev-
eral way stations, where crowds had
congregated to get a glimpse of
Mr Bryan All the ineetings
were successful in point of attendance, and at
one or two places especially enthusiastic, The
trust question was the burden of Mr. Bryan's
principal addresses of the day. He took ad-
vantage of the opportunity offered by former
Attorney-General Monnett, who, although ad- |
mitting that he differed from the Democratio
party on the financial question, last night an-
nounced that he would vote for Mr. Bryan on
account of the anti-trust agitation

It would be folly to attempt to decide which
political demonstration at Portsmouth last night
excelled. Bryan was taken to Market Square
with (ive brass bands and a big procession at
one end of the city, while Spooner and Bynum
for the Republicans addressed a great crowd
at the Grand Opera House, Rough Riders were
the feature of a big torchlight procession for the
“Imperialism caused the down-
fall of the Roman Empire, beware!” was an
inscription of the Democrats. It was answered
by the Republican sally: “iiow'd you like to be
the icernan in New York?” Each crowd kept
entirely to itself, while Portamouth was ablare
politically all over

Bryan and his party reached Chillicothe last
night from Portsmouth, and registered at the
Warner House. Hila coming was not looked
for until this morning, and consequently only
a few knew that he had arrived. He left at
& o'clock About 1,000 people were at thedepot
to see him off He spoke for fifteen minutes |
before taking his departure. Hefore gay ing |
Bryan rewased a carrier pigeon which ha
been sent to him here from Grafton, W. Va
A message, the import of which could not be
jearned, was fastened to the pigeon’s Leck.

Circleville gave Bryan a warm @reeting
At 9 o'clock he spoke from a stand 100 yards
from the tracks. The audience of 500 liberally
cheered Bryan declared in his speech that the
Republican masses were not coms elled to tollow
their leaders if they do not believe in Republican
principles this year, Bryan said to your repre-
sentative Roosevelt's questions and = at-
awers make a good campaign document to be
distributed without conunent shall not
reply to them

At Lapcaster was Bryan‘s best
Ohio. He denounced Republicans, charging
that they drove former Attorney (Cener al
Monnett out of office for daring to do his duty
against the trust octopus. Bryan was better
pleased at. to-day's receptions The Ports.
mouth meeting was the one bright spot yester-
cay The Lancaster crowd numbered near.y

 

Republicans.

 

meeting in

 

; 10.000

 

lege McKinloy and Roosevelt Cub this after. |
noona dhuig out a |} and ome banner, which
floats from the ‘op ot tay rweather Hail. The
club has 4 large) embership to start with and

f

sy») before the season enda

wii) bave neariy

Will Not Sapport Bryan,

Edward A. Bern, super-

intendent of the Canada Cattle Car Company,
| @ iiielon Dem: crat, announces that he cannot
| support Bryan this year

{ CniIcaco, Oct. 13

Miinols Sterl Works Close for Twe Weeks.
Notices signed bw G. H,

CHICAGO, Cict 18

Mevu igh, General Superintendent, were
wosted uron the e trances of the Lilinom Steel
Yorks a South Chicag> this afternoon, deciar-

ing ashut-down of the works for two weeks,
About 2,500 men are thrown out of work,

c
] ’ ,
| another you call him a thief, but if he organizes

Iirvan talked at New Lexington to an aud-
fence of about 700, made up of old soldiers
ers mainly Hle promised the veterans
} ev would have nothing to fear if he is
elected, and he pleased the miners by refer-
ence to the conditions in the anthracite coal
regions

At Zanesville Brvan was hailed as “William
the Trust Killer” ag he bewan his address to
4.0 from the train. _ An old soldier presented
hn, with a bouquet of flowers. In speaking of
ex- Attorney-General Monnett Bryan said

‘When he entered upon the duties of his
office he took an oath to perform those duties to
the best of his ability. Inthe course of his duty |
he was called upon to commence suit under the |
laws of the State against the great private |
monopoly, the Standard Ol] Company. (Did |
the Standard Oil Company submit to the law? |
No: it tried to frighten him from doing his
duty. Then {t tried to bribe him: and when
it could neither frighten nor bribe it | went
into the Republican party. and defeated
him for doing his duty. If Mr. Monnett can
leave the Republican party, cannot these farm-
ers and laboring men whose interests he tried
to protect also afford to leave the Republican
party? This opposition to the enforcement

 

 

of the law asainst graat corporations ts not
confined to the Republicans of Ohio. The |
Attorney-General of the United States has

failed to enforce laws against tuonopoliea in
the United States.”

At Coahocton about 300 people gathered
to hear Bryan, who spoke fifteen minutes and |
was listened to without any marked enthus-
fasm

Sixteen miles from Zanesville the trajn passed
through Dresden and the steel and fron mill
which had been erected mainly by the people's
contributions, but which had been closed down
after it was purchased by the trusts, was hown
to Mr. Bryan. At Trinway he referred to the
subje@ in an address delivered to 40 people |
that had assembled at that sinall juncticn point. |
He said |

i) ust passed through Dresden, and I thought |
what a pity it was Mr. Hanna did not live there
80 that he could know there wae a trust It is
astonishing how little information a great moy
ean semetiingss have, and when Mr. Hanna seu'a
that there are no trusts it svemed to me that he |

 

 

 

showed ubout wus great luck of in-
formation on the esubiect a# any per-
son who hus ever spoken, Why doesn't
he ask his wife? Every woman can
can tell there is 4 trust by the

increased price she has to pay when she goes |
to buy. All over this country the trusts have
been buying up factories and shutting them
down {uat as they did down at Dresden, and

 
   

   
 

in doing so they have thrown people out of
employment and the laboring man is com-
welled’ to leave the place where he thought
{ continuous employment, to sell his
a sacrifice and to go out in search

Is that a good dition?

1 man openly takes 85 which belongs to |

a great monoroly and goes out and buys up

    

and closes down factories, destroys business
and throws people out of employment, he |
takes not $5, but hundreds of dollars from |
individualy and thousands from communi
ties, and the Republican party does not find

a wativfactory name for him”

Brvan also spoke at— Fin lay, Coschocton

 

     

and Manafleid At the latter place there was
a big crowd, estimated at 20,000 to 25,00 The
city was in holiday anpearance and business |
houses were decorated irrespective of party. |
About ten thousand men were in. line, in
the parade Two thousand horse®ck |
riders, eighteen bands and tully forty dele-

alions from surrounding towns participated,
he Wooster delegation, headed by a band,

ie in 1,200 strong, Ashland, 2,000 and Shelby
strong. The Unele Sam Club, 300

 
 
 

ily as
strong, headed the proces followed by
the First Voters’ Club of t city, over 190
strong. A feature of the narade was the “Un-

cle Sam's Kids” of Mansfleid,over 800,in Uncle
Sam wilforms. There were floats and banners
in the parade

Rrvan closed the day at Akron where he ad-
dressed a large meeting in the evening

‘S MANTLE.

 

 

Ww. J. BRYA

 

 

One Negro Leader Who Does Not Believe That
Tt Fell From Lincoln.

Littie Rocs, Ark, Oct. 18—J. E. Bush of
this citv, the recognized leader of the negro
race in point of intelligence, wealth and soctal |
standing in this State, gave out the following |

signed statement to-night

“The utterance of Bishop Turner of Georgis
a few days ago, that the mantle of Abra}
J.incoln had fallen upon the shoulders of Wii-
liam Jennings Bryan has not yet been made
plain Abraham Lincoln was a true apostle
of the Republican party, and it was that party
which fir@@gave to the negroes of this coun-

 

  

n

try the” right of franchise; it is
Bryan's party that has enacted,
by legislative subterfuges in nearly

every State in which they control, a law to take
from the negroes of this country their right of
manhood suffrage The party of Abraham
Lincoln stands for freedom, protection and pros-
perity. Bryan's party stands for disfranchise-
ment and the grandfather's clause contraction
and the fifty-cent dollar.”

 

REPUDIATE BRYANISM.

Prominent Democrats of Hinghamton Who
Have Declared for McKinley.

BINGHAMTON, N. ¥., Oct. 13. — Local Demo
erats are much disconcerted by several promi-
nent defections that have occurred the past
week. Harlow E, Bundy, treasurer and general
manager of the International Time Recording
Company, Who was the Democratic candidate
for Mavor three years ago, presided at a Ke-
publican masse meeting and announced that he
and all the emplovees of his establishment
here would support McKinley and a straight
Kepublican ticket. Thomas J. Mangan, Secre-
tary of the Democratic County Committee,
addressed a mass meeting here, saying that
he would support McKinley. The Hon. D R
Grant, former Mayor and a leading Democrat
announces that he is out for McKinley J E
Scudder, a delegate to the St Louis Convention
four years ago, is out with a declaration for
McKinley, and E. N. Abbott, Secretary of the
Belles Hoe and Tool Company, has publicly
declared for the Republican ticket

Claims Nebraska and Kansas for McKinley.

St. Josern, Mo., Vct.18.—In a speech here to-
night Speaker Henderson claimed Nebraska and
Kintas tor M Kinley. He also said he f le
certain of carrying Indiana,

SE‘ -

THE SUNJSUNDAY,

| State tn population and reso

} tractive

  

 

POLITICAL NOTES.

Charlies H. Matehett, Socialist candidate for Presi-
dentof the United States in 1406, has been appointed
acommissioner of deeds in this clty.

 

Allan Campbell when Comptroller of New York was
4 candidate for the office of Mayor, running ona
combination ticket He was defeated by 20,000 ma-
jority.

More painters are now applying for appointment on
the police force than menin any other trade

The slated Tammany candidate for Assembly In the
Fifth district is Henry Hudson Meyborg, amember of
the Lroquols Club and a city employee. He has never
before been @ candidate for public oMce.

 

Norman F. Mack continues to talk of carrying Erie
countyffor Bryan. In 1896 he came within 12,000
votes of carrying Buffalo, in which he was then, ashe
is now, very active.

The Socialist party Is the only one tn the l’nited
States that has ever prosecuted 4 Presidential contest
without a Presidential candidate, The Anti-imperial-
ists will be the second.

The chairmen of nll the committees for the Bryan
meeting on Oct. 16—4tovitations, organtzation, press,
printing, music and fireworks—are oMce holders un-
der the New York city government

—_—

There isa new Tammany club {n the south end of
the Thirty first Assembly district, It is called the
Gerson Stein Arsociation, Atthe first meeting ad-
dresses were made by Mr. Stein Joseph C. Kadane,
Pinkus Goldbaum, Samuel Rad!auer and J. Kemp on
“Why Bryan Should Be Elected,’ and Charles Fran¥-
lin on “Brgan the Man of the Hour."’ The Thirty-
first Assembly district is ordinarily Republican.

Fugene V, Debs began his speaking campaign as
nominee of the Social Democratic party for President
in Chicago, and his supporters believe that the three
States which will contribute moat to his vote are Ilil
nols, 1p which he ts best known; Indiana, in which he
resides, and Massachusetts, In which the Social
Democratic party has a fair organization and a con-
siderable voting following. Mr. Woolley, the Probi-
bitlon candidate for President, has also started on a
speaking canvass, and the Presidential nominees
this year, with the exception, of course, of Mr.
McKinicy, are al! Dow on the stump

The Republicansof the Sixth Congress district of
Loulsiana, who expect to win this year, have adopted
resolutions indorsing the Administration of President
McKinley, domestic and foreign, and thanking Sen
ator 8S. D. MecPnery and Representatives Adolph
Meyer, R. C, Daveyand R. FP. HKroussard for voting
for the Dingley bill, the Porto Rico bill “and other
well defined Republican measures’ and calling on all
factions of Loulsiana Republicans to support the
party nominee

The presentestimate of the Republican managers
in Kings county ts 15,000 plurality there for MeKin-
ley and Odell The estimate of the Democratte man
agersis 5,000 for Bryan and Stanchfield, In the
State election of two years ago the Democratic plural-
ity In Kings was 18,009

The campaign iasue of wasteful extravagance at
Albany gets little support from the offical schedule
of the State Comptroller showing the amount of tax

| to be collected from each county during the fiscal

yearfor State expenses. ‘The total amount ts $10,-
704,153, as compared with $12,649,228 last year, a
reduction of nearly $2,090,000, In fact the adminis
tration of State matters under Gov. Roosevelt has
been progressive and economical, the growth of the
rees considered, The
yolume of taxes is being stesd.ly reduced

Ellas Goodman, the Republican nominee for Con-
gressinthe Fifteenth district, has been three times
elected Alderman on the Republican tleket—in 1494,
in 1887 andin 1409. It is asserted that he is a mem
ber of twenty-eight soctetles and organizations, tn
cluding the Sons of Benjamin and the Friendly Songs
of St Patrick, and his activity in fraternal organt-
gations has been well known in Harlem for many
years. Heitsmaking an effective personal canvass
of the Congressional! district in which he fs running.

The Clark faction of the Democratsin Montana has
fused with the Populist and the Labor party. and the
Daly faction will, tis expected, also fuse ona second
State ticket, the Republicans and Proh(bitiontsts being
the third and fourth parties in the Meld in that State,

An Italian campaign clubin Chicago, orfanired tn
@ barber shop for this yearonly,* publishes an adver-
tisementas follows: “We are up toto-day 100 per
sons: if any one wants usto do hima favor come to
us and we wil! d> it; President. Palmisano Lorenza;
Vice President, Francesseo Catalane; Cassere Maca
buso Michele, Secretary; Recorder, Glowannt Simi
nara; Spiturt Dordine, Salvatore Laschiava and
Aririgo Antonia,”

There (s no precipitancy tn legislation in Conneectt
eut, where changesin the ancient Constitution of the
State areinvolved. ''p to afew years ago the Con
gtitution fazed the pay of Representatives at Hartford
at $3004 year, with mileage one way at the rate of
25 cents a ‘This was considered tnade-
quate pay for Nuimeg statesmen and after many
years’ agitation the voters were Induced to acquiesee
in an amendment tnereasing the mileoge so that it
was paid members not only going to, but also return-
ing from, the sessions of the Legistature, but retain-
ing the rate of 25 which ts
one for rallroad trace! amy where {n the Untted States

mile.

cents a mile, an obsolete

Thoughthe Tammany Hall opganization tn the
Fifth Assembly district and the Iroquois Club are
identical,mee @in the same rooms, having the same

membership and paying duesto the same treasurer,
the announcementis made that ‘one of the most at
Bryan banners displayed this season was
raised at Broadway and Thirteenth street, Jointly by
the Tammany Hall organization of the Fifth Assem-

bly district and the Iroquois Clu of the city of New
York, of which Senator Bernard F. Martin is the
leader.’

The Second Assembly district of Queens comprises
the towns of Huntington, Smithtown, Islip, and
Babylon. John T. Ryan of Bay Shore ts the Demo
cratic and George A. Robinson of Sayville tne [Repub
ican nominee there. Mr. Ryan married a niece of
ex Sherif? Frank D. Creamer of Brooklyn The
Second district is very close. It Save 17 lemocratic
majority last year

 

There will be 1,127 polling placesitn Chleago this
year. Tillman of South Carolinaand John P Altgeld
are both to speak in Chicago for Bryan

Joseph Sibley when first elected to Congress tn
Pennsylvania was the joint nominee of the Demo
erats, Populisteand Probibitiontsts, In the Twenty-
fifth district of Pennsylvania this year M. I. Butler
{is running for Congress with the same support of
Democrats, Populists and Probibtttontsta lhe
Twenty fittt Republican distite: aad the }
crates, Popullsts and Prohibitionists were unsuccess-
fully untied on one candidate for Congress in 1808,

 

isa

A systematic canvass is to be mace by the two
parties this year in the four States in which there ts
female suffrage. Mrs, Helen M. Gougar of Indtana
for the Democratic National Committee and Mary
Filen Lease for the Republican National €
will speak in Wyoming, Idaho, Utah and Colorado,
addressing thelr remarks particulaly to the female
votersin these States, allof which Bryan carried in
1406.

 

M'KINLEY FLECTED AT THE FAIR,

 

His Majority Was Greater Than All the Votes
Cast for Bryan.

RockVILLE CENTER, L. 1, Vet. 13.——The mock
election of candidates ropres nting Bryan and
Stevenson and McKinley and Roosevelt, which
has attracted so much attention to the fair of
the Episcopal Church of the was

Ascersion,

broughttoa close last night. The result was
McKinley and Roosevelt, 1,958: Bryan and
Stevenson, 705, giving the Republican candi-

dates a majority of 843. The doll presented by
Mr-. Wiltam J. Bryan was won by Mrs. George
C, Boger

The Good Old ¥#

Furniture In

Both our Stores is proof that it

pays to buy the best. Some of it has

seen generations of service —and is

still sought and bought because of

its intrinsic value. aloe
Our own Modern Furniture has @i

the same enduring excellence. N
Caionial

Schmitt Brothers,

Two Cor. 25th St & 4th Ave.
Stores. 40 East 234 St }

 

Two
Stores.

OCTOBER 14, 1900.

|

ns ss el semen

0. Il. P. BELMONT RAINED ON

BAD WEATHER GREETS WIS MAIDEN
SPEECH OF THE CAMPAIGN.

He Opened His Canvass as Free Silver Candl-
date for Congress in the Thirteenth Dis.
trict Last Night With ‘'Thirteen"’ Lack,
a Small Crowd and a Drizziing Rain,

Before an audience of about 600 persons who
manifested very lite enthusiasm O. H. P. Bel-
mont, who Is the Democratic candidate on the
free silver ticket for Congressman in the
Thirteenth district, made his maiden speech
{n the campalgn from the end of a cart at
Tenth avenue and Forty-eighth — street
last night. There is a story going the rounds
of that district to the effect that many Demo-
crats are disgruntled over the action of Richard
Croker in turning down Jefferson M. Levy
to give Mr. Belmont the nomination, and the
lukewarm manner in which the latter was re-
celved last night bears out the report.

The meeting was under the auspices of the
P. J. MeGovern Association and “Judge” Mur-
ray acted as chairman. He introduced former
Congressman Johu Quinn, who told how in
1896. when his brother Perry had bolted to
the Gold Democrats, O. H. P. Belmont remained
true to the real Damocracy of the people and
epent thousands of dollare to secure Bryan's
election.

lhe crowd, whose enthusiasm tlhe drizzling rain
had affected, evidently did not care to bear
about Belrnont and they yelled Bryan. Still, at
every mention of Bryan's nume hisses mingled

with the cheers, when Speaker Quinn started
to talk Bryan. A selection by the band an-
nouncing the arrival of Mr. Belmont cut short
his remarks and thecrowd roared. Mr. Belmont
spoke as follows

“This is the most important camp@ign we
have had in forty years, Jin no way exagger-
ate the situation when I say that the very ex-
istence of this Republic turns on this election
If we elect Mr. McKinley for a second term

we indorse everything that he has done- the
policy of imperialism, in which he has only
taken his first step, and the policy of protec-
tion to the trusts, which he has well nigh
verfected Another four years and
he trusts will be concentrated tn the hands

of such a Hmited number of individuals that
even Mr. Hanna wi!! acknowledge that we have
a few of them with us Anybody who has
read the two platforms, knows which party
has declared clearly against the trusts and
which has maintained silence, We know that
Within sixty days after the Dingley Tariff bill
was passed by a Republican House sixty-four
trusts were formed, representing over $3 000,-
000,000, and that in the life of this Adminis-
tration their capitalization has reached the
gigantic figure of $9.000,000,000.

» “Now, my fellow citizens: this is not the only
danger of monopols When we
convention the Republicans said that we could
make no issue tut in the wisdom of our
delegates they found one and they made
a platform which is big enough, broad enough,
and strong enough for any Democrat,
or any good American
wants to see this republic maintained
to stand on or fight on. ‘They made imperial-
ism a paramount issue. In my opinion it was
very wise, because imperialism ts a
of the trusts, an inevit We result of monopoly
The first step toward {mperlalism was at the
dictation of one of the great trosts. That
is one of the reasons why trusts are the paras

  

issue

mount issue. The other reason is this, because
imperialism brings on militarism
It it was hard work to enlist an army of 25,-
000 men, what will bethe case wher comes to
liatir 200,000 men, for such a force will be

  
  
 

 

It will

mean

ed ¢ hold the I

reed enlistment

ilippines
ind drafting
“The one great question you re called upon
to decide this year is, RepubHe or krnpire?

    

 

   

   
   

 

   

verivism is not an id term. It is fuil
of significance. Republicans ay deny it
and insist there is no such issue: but they reco
nize it in their campaign book and they d
fined {it as vereign rule without law, and
then boldly deny its existence in Porto Rico
and the Philiy Prior acquisitions of
| territory by our Government were accompanied
by guarantees of the rights of citizenship
They were ded by the Constitution and
they were p ted by the flag.”

Mr. Belmon vas followed b Counsellor
aon Le Senator G. W. Plunkitt, John Sul-
{van and Assemblyman Jarmes BF. Smith. A
heave downpour of rain finally broke up the

mmittee |

nieeting

HILL AND COLER IN HOBOKEN.

Latter Intimates That the Political Trast

Handed Him a Gold Brick,

David B. Hill spoke last night at a meeting of
Domocrata in St. Mary's Hall, Hoboken. Mr
Hill carefully avoided the money question and
chiefly to imperialsm

confined his remarks

went to the |

citizen who |

product |

 
 

 

which, he sald, was the only real issue of the |
campaign, He was introduced by Chiirman
James F. Minturn after Allan I. McDermott,
candidate for Congress in the Seventh
Now Jersey district, bad finished a
long oration on the Philippines Mr
Hil said that his visit to Hoboken was in

compliance with a promise which he made to
the late Representative William D. Daly. He
said in part

‘Mr. Hanna and other Republicans say the
American flag -hould net be hauled down in the
Philippines. Demoerats say haulit down, for,
having answered its purpose there, hauled
down it can ba without dishonor. Itwas carried
there to niure Spaniards and not to subdue

Filipinos. The flag of the country, of itse.f, is
nothing. We respect it be« stands as
the representation of our Constitution, equal
rights and other liberties 80 dear to our fore-

ause it

 

 

fathers: not because of its mere cloth or color
What becomes of the cherished doctrine thit
our people have the right to govern (hemselves

when that flag is forced upon them’? we ask

 

 

 

 

What becomes of all the fundamental principles
on which the Constitution is founded?”

In his rema about trusts Senator Hill |
happened to let slip the word " The
audience hissed) The speaker then said that |
Mr Bryan and ‘mocratic party were
opposed to all kinds of trusts, ice as well as
any other, and that the Democratic party of
New York was the only party in the country
vriat publicly recorded its denuncia-
tion of that particular enterprise
Mr ill had no comment

to make upon the Kepubliean candidate for

       

President, but he ventured to call the att
tion ¢ audience to the sentiments expres
by t Vice-Pr fential candidate on the

  
 

He then

 

 
     
     

 

 
    
 

    

   

 

 

 

 

     
 
 

 

 

 
     

 

 

   

‘Buy China and Glass Righto

HIGGINS & SEITER:

' FINE CHINA |
RICH CUT GLASS.

v7 ay . 7
~~ >

FOR THE EARLY
FALL WEDDING

q

 

Commencing Monday, October 15th, will occur our annual fall sale of
Wedding Gifts. Our store is generally known as the great “present store” of
the United States. We are determined to illustrate this more than ever at this
mid-October sale of 1900, We have included in this sale many of the most
attractive features of our immense collection, and all at prices materially below
our well known standard ‘4 less than elsewhere.”

The cases in which these goods are sold are very much better than you
would ordinarily expect. Instead of buying the cheapest cases that we could,
which would mean poor satin, ete., and cases not satisfactory to you or to us,
we are buyin the best we can get, lined with heavy white satin, well made and
in every way Satisfactory. It is impossible in one advertisement to mention
more than a small proportion of the goods offered. Below are only suggestions
which must be seen with the others to be appreciated.

12 Austrian china plates with 12 Austrian China

 

Plates aceen border; edge and hou j | Bread & Butter bresa and, butts r
der decorate: ith flowers arn plates with ma-
in Case Eewcunet.’ ane eld design Plates in Case roon border and
over green edge Complete gold, gold edge,

complete in satin lined, white leath-
erette cise... sdsencs

$5.95

in white satin lined leatherette fe
c se ee eee . $5.50

‘12 Austrian china entree or ’ .
Plates esas a J lates, with . maroon Cut Glass Sterling pe
orde ith , nots of ma- ;
in Case room a d blue fi wers, with | Silve 7 Top Salts per shakers,
wreen lecves on shoulder o
, fe ig shiv top, 41x pep-
plate, large bouquet in centre, thoroughly :
decorated with gold throughout, complete and Peppers por ones

in white
c1se

satin lined leather :tte $1 | 50
‘ ° . . eee .

plete in satin lined white leatheretie
case apvas ‘ ee ens $6.25

10-inch yery richly and | ee
Cut Glass handsomely cut salad, | Water Two richly cut new shaped
s | d B | fruit cr berry bow], quart water bottles, complete
ala OW! complete in satin lined Bottles in satin lined white

$6.75

White leather- , ase
Otte CARO... cscs sceees porns $9.00 EES GERD.
— ‘ ‘ ——~| Fine Elite Limoges
Atistrian china A. ue . .
After Dinner {Austrian china A.) | Ramikins china ramking, with

flowers, in violet and

and Plates
green, gold throughout,

2 ram kius and plates completa, in $10 65
.

satin lined white leatherette case

Tete-a-tete sets, maroon
border, with cupid dec-
oration, gold through-
out, te@ pot, sugar and

C ’
wi h fe-toon flow-

Cups & Saucers
lace ix, ecmiplete in sai lined" $3 75

white leatherette cause

Finest Limog’s china |
ice er-am set, gold lace
border, 12 plates and
one large platter, com- |

!
|
decorated |
|

Tete-a-tete

ice Cream
Sets

Set

plete insatin . 298 creamer, two cups and
se ‘eo arette cAse sa’ cers, one tray, complete in satin
lined white leatherette ch: $10.65 | lined, with leatherette case........ $22.50
.. Several styles of
Bohemian Glass fichly ,froorated Cut Glass Rich out glass whiskey
‘“ OTe rn) eas set, one canter,

Cordial Set cordial sets, | wacnen, one bandied

l decante . and peg hg 7 Whiskey Set mirror trav, complete

one decante ’ one m oO - oem

glasses, tray, | ———' tin lined
ounbiee in aime "nee ware werner $7.95 white leatherette Sees eee ee $19.50

We have several differ-

rT... Very handsome richly | ("Wamewticl

Celery Tray cul glass celery Ramikins get Cecore sans in rami
in Case aiee’ in satin’ fined | and Plates nore or less gold decora-
——! white leather- | tion throughout, com

tte case cece 00 | plete in satin lined whjte leather-
PONE BABS Fee See teaTI ae . ; “= $5, | ette case eae kas rrr ae enn $5.00

Kliite Limoges

Bread & Butter china Bread “ond | Rich cut glase claret
bitter plates Cut Glass jug, sterling silver, hand

| chased mounting, com-

tern with beaded Claret Jug piote in, eatin lined
fes, complete in $3 15 | - white bl ather- $8 75
e Tene Cee ener .

itherett+ case
Goods can be purchased now and ho!d for later delivery if desired.

50-54 WEST 22D STREET.

SPELLBINDERS' ASSOCIATION, { SAN FRANCISCAN IN TROUBLE,
|
|

Plates in Case

gold edge, six
satin lined white

flower border pat-

 
  

ette case......

 

 

Man Supposed to Be Robert Walmsley Found

Wandering Neur the Waterfront.
the Bedford avenue sta-
man wearing good
the waterfront at

Republican Orators Form an Organization —
Will Go in a Body to Mel oley's lnanguration.
Policeman Kent of
saw A

wandering slong

the Republican spellbinders who are operating
in New York county met yesterday at county
headquarters, 1 Madison avenue, and formed

 

tien, Brooklyn,

| clothes

 

 

 

an association, M. J. Harrington, candidate | North Sixth street and Kent avenue about %
for Senator in the Twenty-first district, who | o'clock lust night. The man acted so queerly
originated the ideaof stumping in an auto- | that the policeman took him to the
mobile, was elected Pre ident. Richard McCann, | station There he said he was Robert Walms-
who was assaulted by Br anites on Thursday | jev, 70 years olf, of San Francisco, A draft
eveninar as ye ar st Q ©! 2) » .

ere ving wa ohe en retar and ¢ |. Reviben | for £480 on the London and San Francisco
. Fox of the Republican State Comimittee | ‘

was selected as Treasurer. The spellbinders | Bonk, at 71 Lombard street, London, and pay-

“ meet every Saturday afternoon, and they Robert Walmsley, was found in his

7 atle to
intend to attend the inauguration of McKinley

 

Spring Valley Water Works of San Francisco

  

next sear in a body | pocket. There was also a ticket, entitling
acer Sale | the ho'der to a first cabin passage on
at" ea te ; | the Fambure liner Deutschland, which sails
GOV. PINGREE OUT OF POLITICS. j next Tuesday, and five shares of stock of the
}
|

 

Nothing for the Next Legislature to Re, He | 16 was another letter signed by H. H
Soys, Except Elect a Senator. rm, aventof the Canadian Pacific, stating

the bearer would travel over the road

Detroit, Mich, Oct. 12.—Gov. Hazen S. | on his way to and from New York

and requesting the conductors of the road to

Pingree is out of politics, “I ;
show him every consideration. The letter was

said the Governor

am through,

“There is no other office

   

     

dated April 3. The police detained Mr. Wams-
I would care to be elects | to. LT have done all | les and aretrving to establish communication
t Eset out to do. ‘There will be nothing | With his friends
» peXt Legislature to do except elect a a ai
When they have done that they | LEGS SuUOT PULL OF WADDING,
muirn And @o hh e. Telaim that Ihave
for the stiiccess of the Kepuolican , Harlem Boy Will Repent Attending an Opes

 

ticket this f than ail the or, tors and political Air Democratic Rally.

   
 

  

 

 

workers in the State. IT calcu iave in-
creased the Republican maj yy 000 the Boffalo Democratic C ub held an open air
Yo The amendments to the Constitation | meeting with lots of fireworks and .ma!l cane
vw! ) T proposed 9 passed by the bigeest . b .
majority ever give on any Constitutional ; 20% '9 © ike lois of noise, at the corner of
amendment.” 16th sireet and Recond avenue la-t
a net. One of the charges from the
FRAUD CHARGE AGAINST KEMPKES, | cannon struck David Swanson, 16 years old, of
1844 Fran-lin avenue, who was standing fu
front of bis uncle's home at 302 East 116th
street, fliog his legs ‘ul of wadding. He was

on Eve of His Wedding.
Joseph Grundy has begun a suit for fraud
neainst the estate of Petor Kempkes, the alk
merehant

taken to the Harlem Llospital

Haurled Fifty Fert by a Train.

who disappeared st :
: cevetpoag = An Italian about 25 vears old was hit by a

commission

|
|
Salt Began Against Estate of Min Who Filed |

Tuesday on the eve of his marringe to Mis

Mae Glidys Farrington. Mr Grundy ‘alle a | northbound train on the Central tracka et

that Mr Kempkes induced him to put money bifth street, Woilliainsbridge, yesterday
} into a silk concern on the representaton that | afternoon and thrown about fifty feet, He

itwas worth $16,000, whereas an investication | died before an ambulane: arrived Toe body

American workihg un reid an
article purporting to have been written by
Mr Rooseveit in a mogazine of 1895 in which
the writer, after teilins how the Western
cowboys wreck sa i
other rot 1 exploits Whe =the
opi n on the whe er
nieet than the average city mechanic or agri-
cenit Hill cons d this as meaning
1 Vell Was oF to the work
{1 au, id that any laborer who would
vote the publican tick iffer that wutte
ance of | Vice-Presidentt cancicate was
not deserving of sy pat no tuatter how
unfortunate eonditi y be

the Dar erats he concluded were cons |
fidernt of vietory because they opposed ime. |
periaiism government by Injunction and
trusts and believed 1) Senatorial election by the |
eople and everything that was oth ediate |
2 netit to the poor man in particular and the
country asa whole

Hird 8. Coler made a brief speech after Mr
Hil He lluded to the money question as
having always been the Republican party's
main issue Trade, he adue fol ows price |
lists and not the flag We are ping bricyge |
iron to South Africa, he said, simply because |
we are not bure {down by taxation |

‘Our friend Woodrull, says there are
trusts,” contit Mr. Coler
there are no trusts. Between th
to tell who is rght Besides these business
trusts we have pol.tieal t These are tov
specialty and Tweulds ivi ‘ Ns ren present

  
  

noe in them.

 

 

net to Place too much t
They miaht hand vou a gold boick as well as me
Bryan smashed every polideal trust trom Maine

to California and made them bow to his feet at

Kansas City

NOTES OF THE CAMPAIGN,
Yesterday's noon meeting at the rooms of
the Commercial Travellers’ Club, 757 Broadway,
was a crowded one, the speakers being W. ¢
Trewin, the Hon) Medford H. Calhoun of Dela-

ware, W. PF. Ireland of Virginia, Senator J. T
Flinn of Louisiana, Wo d. Van Kures and T. W

   

 

Higelow ri last two are voung tien who
will east their first vote this fal lo-morrow
ex-(Giov. P. BOS. Pinehbeek of Louisiana will

address the club

The first voters in the Ninth Assembly dis

 

 

 

 

triet who intend to vote for MeKinley and
Roosevelt will reanize a first voters’ club
next Thursday night, and suitable quarters are
now being sought for its aceommodatior he
club will be organized in time to parade on
Oet, 26 at the demonstration in honor of Gov
{oosevelt
Hort tan Thermometer Explosion,

Jamaica, I. 1, Oct 13--Charles Fo Doran

of the Court Cafe in Fulton street is confined

to his home, suffering from a wound inthe head
Yesterday afternoon Doran noticed that his
ree thermometer was not registering properly

When he shook the instrument briskly in order
to bring the mercury logether the thermometer
exploded with considerable force <A portion
of the mercury struck him over the right eye,

inflicting a painful wound

shows that ths concern isin debt for $6,000 was removed to the Fordham morgue

 

TTUMR ARR ete

HYDROGELE. seus. $

EVERETT, Pa., Feb. 5, 1897

wad.
» .

Yn ton for Hydroeels in Apt
with no sigu

meta troucle to me for about
ast sixors mn yes Ww s)
woonmy feet unless [wor a
toeass upthe dragging weilgt
West w

ptiict sue ao

 

 

tte n
had thatle
SUSP Nsor)

t. Toany one aMticted as i
mend you as one of the st, fort nad
ficily satiofec Enclos plas) tnd phote
you may use as you think best for sult rng hu
man(ty

years, and the
uld net

 

 

Yours rsp et ‘
D. DEFIBAUCGH

 

Free, Sealed and Without Marke

res on the Positiveand]
ELE, INE LAMPED BLA
Lost POWERS, W

 

rsting Cure
re ane
PHO T

Dr. H.W. Kane'sremarvable Clinical Lect
{ VARICOCELE, STRICTURE, HYORG
PROSTATE GLAND
OK CONFINEMENT

ENLARGED and
PAIN, CUTTING
Consultation free

Sunday. 15

Hours, 1012 A.M..24and79P. M
Dr H.W. KANE, 134 Weat d4th st. New Vork ett

 

,

|
|
|