-_————

VOL. LXVIIL.—-NO. 4h

 

 

FROM THE ISLAND OF GUAM,

STRIKE

“\ j
EXPEC! TO END. |
da 6

| Commander Schroeder, the New Governor,

| Sends His First Report,
MEINERS CONELDENT tHAT 47 WILT WasntncTon, Oct. 16.—The first reports
pp. ovhk Tits WHER, from Commander Seaton Schroeder, U. 8. N.,
- since his aasumption of the duties of Governor
But the Operators Have Not Yet Been OM- of the Isle of Guam, have been rec elved at the
latly Notified of the Convention's Terms Navy Department, He says that the Western
ne Therefore Commercial Company has bought 4,000 acres

 
 

 

 

 

 

  

 

   

 

       

 

 

   

           

 

JEW YORK, TUESDAY, OCTOBER

16, 1900,—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

‘EAGER TO HEAR HANNA. |

| Chinese | ecret Soctetios at Shanghal Continue

|

WISCONSIN FOLKS GIVE
GREAT WELCOME.

fle Captored the Shirt-Sleeve Crowd at Racine
Junction, and Says Again That the Coal
Strike Will Be Settled This Week 15,000
Heard Him Daring the Day,

Mapison, Wis., Oct. 15.—From Chicago to
Madison, the capital of Wisconsin, Senator
Marcus A. Hanna has to-day talked prosperity
to the workingmen, farmers, business men and
college students, and they have all applauded
his utterances. Mr. Hanna said that pros-
perite is the normal condition of this country
and that it has only been disturbed and de-
stroved by experimenting with theories ad-
vanced by those whose ambition exceeded
their knowledge and judgment of publio af-
fairs and the business interests of the country

 

People

Thia argument seamed to strike favorably |

the shops at Racine
who gathered at

the workingmen from
Junction and the farmers
other points to see and hear the Ohio Senator,

| who is chairman of the Republican National

) Chicago, Col

Comunittee hese people had all heard and
read about Mark Hanna and they were eager
to see and hear him. He has during the day
apoken to from 12,000 to 15,000 people and he
has met the moat appreciative audiences
has talked to them as @ business man, not as
a spelibinder, and they have applauded him
more than they have the eloquence of Senator
Frye of Maine or that of Mr. Dolliver of Iowa

Mr, Hanna and his party lett Chieago at noon
in & special train on the Northwestern road
With him were Senator Frye of Maine, Con-
gressmian Dolliver of lowa, Volney Foster of

Wiswell of Milwankee and Eimer

the first stop mude
wine Junction, As the
ven poured

his secretary

tial

Dover,
by the wis at
train came to & slandstill, the work
out of the muchine shops and closed in on
shirt-sleeve

both sides of the cars, It wes &
crowd. The men were 1,500 in nutnber und
they had dropped their tools to give a We leome
to Hanna, He appreciuted the cheer they
gave him and stepping out on the platform
called « Hlow are you, boys?"

He was among the men he knew how to talk
to best and he talked to them oi one issue which

interested them most
“There is only one issue that interests you

and me,” said he. “That is the issue of our
| present conditions and the continuation of
them. We want to pay no attentior to the
ambition of any man, What we want Is to

' Will Be Several Dove ,
and we Bs Anrived At of pasture land in Guam and is preparing to
e rivesc .
Hefore Any Agecenent Can , * exploit the undeveloped portions of the island.
WinKes-BA Pa. Oet. 16--The leaders. This company wanted to bring In Inborers
of il hers here are spreading ther wt) under contract, but Commander Schroeder
among their men that work W ll commence | refused to «rant the request because of the
on 1 liv, the strike being declared off on prohibition of contract labor by the United
Wednesdit ie » that then several of | Stutes and as awaiting ita importation would
' which were the first to tend to delay the prosecution of work, The
7, ' increase, will accept the | hospitals in the islands have been opened by
i by t) wnvention at Serane | the Government for the reception of all patients
ious ‘ their roine Phey de- without charges, and persons suffering from
clare t ther eompaties ome of which | disease are invited and urged to go to them
have not fered the increase, will be | for free treatment
forced to do the sat {that the whole region | 4 (Governor of one of the political divisions
will be at ye hey will not say | of iam was found to be using public road
what four t the ve for promising a | laborers on his own place. He pleaded that
breal ‘ on Wednesday, exeept to | this was a Spanish custom and he did not know
av {ti ‘ rier One thing, | he was doing wrong He was removed and
wie I e extent. It is ay punished
te hava ¢ e ont of Wall Street The health of the American contingent was
j r 1 t |
tht afternoon that he 1 ling Company | fairly good at the date of the reports There
would be the first t I ers’ propos | were no typhoid cases, only one of fever and a
{rt saad ¥ 1a Wednesdas I} few of intestinal troubles
. : } triker ere betore _
the Wall Street <f is heard x ROGERS WORKS SOLD?
‘ ‘ net e least |
\ ' enol eidea ; .
BM Ise os iv, and ith ne than w) a Katz Brothers Say the New York Syndicate
7 d bese tthev have Has Purchased the Plant,
‘ r s tre th «
‘ ‘ 1 oft ee elF | Parengox, N. J, Oct, 15.—Katz Brothers,
Vopr ‘ ' ‘ \ 4 |
e ‘ic nd ist the brewers, who have a verbal oj tion on the
‘ ‘ ywiilhave Rogers Locomotive Works in case the present
Pha hiatritu ad t sine io So negetiations fall through, received a telephone |
denta, Ni s Duffy and message to-day from Jacob 8, Rogers tn New
¢ ‘ li ge the loeal York that the deal was closed with the New
, ' ") ply York syndicate and that the works were prac-
en tlie ‘ eu 00 ‘ { tieally old. ‘The Katz Brothers gave out thisin-
‘ niv the ‘ formation and added that they were not at
ran Cone eet i liberty to divulge the names of the purchasers
| re n 5
\ ‘ favs At le@ist, as mat They say that a number of Paterson mone: ed |
wel bee e to het men are going to put capital in the concern,
' wy Sal a ine ara Wl Janes A. Morrisse, chairman of the Citizens’
{ vill have been ser nda dav or | Committee charged with preserving the works
ins before the ike their re | to this « , Was in New York to-day and met
Bus ; rike on Wednesday | an the parties interested in the present ne-
‘ rle
strikers here are preparing | 6ollations He said to-night
\ ul if there is he work when Chey I saw Mr. Rogers to-day at his oMlee in
thre ) ’ } ) uf
‘ 1 ; sad (3 hente’ | New York and he told me that the matter was
he day fixed by Mitehell for the union to | all fixed uy He was in great good humor
nee the distribution of f nds, provi @) and mgratulated me on the closing of the
the men are st on strike This will be four | dea | was surprised because Mr. Rowers
" . ! three d ifter the strike bewan | is not ordinarily an optimistic man, ond 1 know
this ¢ is causing mot a little dissati that the deal has not been consummated = |
' ne the trikers. Many : .% is talking to the promoter who is handling
clare that the union should have contril the wewotiations before 1 saw Mr. Kogers,
eir support when the strike commence and he toid me that Le had not dedvered the
} that ving failed to do so, especially .0¥) bond to Mr. Rogers. Until that is
after the promises of some of the organizer ' aone | will never say that the deal ls closed
thes will have nothing to ae with | ] have seen too many slips occur in business
the ut as soon as they are back at work w transactions of this kind) Mr Rogers hirmself
the 10 per. cent increase igh | told methat the bond had not been furnished
at idew i genera rike of the {)} and would not be furnished until Wednesday, yet
soft coal miners next April and : lin the face of that he saya the works are sold
coal men trike a long as they wantthe | The furnishing of the bond ts the act whieh
men in ft) {coal regions will be just iu finuily binds the bargain, and until that ia
wi nie re irk and reat th done the deal is not closed, IT know that the
ben Tis d mm exist chief! ome who is conducting the negotiations
at ge the re that hen is back by men who e nply able to take
thes wer wa re promised 8s te the Ro * Works fen tir ver
$10 a week from the union all the time the One of them is the President of a large
eon. sand have not received a penn financial house, which controls about twenty
The rs to-night state that their posi other financial concerns, The promoter told

 

art “ther s ind

increase with-

me to-day that he had the bond ready and that
everything was all right, but on aceount of

hanged ay
rof a 10 per cent

tion has not «
firm to the off

 

( other concessions and at no time limit the absence of a necessary party the bond will
— not be delivered until Wednesday. IL don't
think the Lackawanna interests are behind

this promoter. In fact, 1 know they are not.
I cannot giye the name of the promoter until
the bond is delivered

EAPECTS WORK TO BEGIN SOON,
A Delegate to the Miners’ Convention Sees the

End of the Sirtke. :
When seen at his office in this city resterday

 

Stor Pa, Oct 15-—Ur@nown persone | yaooh S Rowers refused to say whether the
this afternoon circulated petitions, asking | works had been sold or whether there was
miners to go to work pending a settlement be- | 4s possibility of their being purchased
¢ . ae ‘ The latter are I have not vin to say in the matter what-
tween operators atid strikers he latt ire ever for publication he said, “and I don't
nakirg an active cans Ivi-ing miners to | intend to talk to the press at all on what ts
stay away from the raines until offelally ad- | &olne on in this ease

sed. Strikers think that the operators will | Any report that the Rogers plant has been
_— . : ° Creme } purchased by the Delaware, Lackawanna and
not accept the terms of the Seranton convene | iy stern Railroad Company {fs untrue. Rirmors
tion and that they are endeevoring to effect a had it vesterday that the syndicate of New
bresk among t en Delecaies from the | .otkers who were negotiating for the locomo-
re hmong men ecules Trom Ue) tive works comprised the executive officials
Ninth district to the Seranto: | of the Lackawanna road, President W. H

 

Truesdale snid to a SUN reporter: “We have

  

 

 

 

 

   

turned home early this morning George ° tered int latl f }
mr \ - never entered into any negot ons for the
u art 1m, ~ re a ; me the aistri ave of | Rovers locomotive plant at Paterson. We
Prospecta for an early settlement of the never thought of doing so
strike are very bright, What the conventior pees _ nae
did was unanimous. ‘there was no dissenting TELEPHONE BURGLAR CAPTURED,
Vober I teink the offer of the miners is vers —
fair ont aa Re Se the anereters noe shether | Arrested by Police of Raffalo—Black Sheep of
the ike = i be coutinued or be ended ihe
responsibility rests on their s} ders. The | the Hazazer Family,
sul stance of our demands is sf it the e per | Mount Vernon, N. Y, Oct. 15.—The police
ent ay Ces beona ed his ind net
anf sidl ia he ¥ 1 Bye ad $ have just received word from Buffalo that the
earn $2 a day, he would now wet $2.20, The “telephone” burglar, who worked with so much
market < ne Ww 1 ' : ot ect the guecess in New Rochelle, Pelham Manor, Yonk-
enw ¢ the ner “6
ps fag Amanant une AD té, san iy em, White Plains and other suburban towns,
the operators accept this ev wi d» . had been caught in that city. He went into a
! , © ne ‘ tow houre in Bulfalo on the pretext that he had been
ed aoe , oan i = ge sent by the telephone company to repair the
t Mitchell officially calls the strike off. The instrument, and stole nearly $1,000 worth of
on-tration nd tel \ he he'd jewelry When captured he turned
n the ‘ hroughout
anti¢e Senion, perare o ik thor tants 1 ee booty over to the police A
| il) believe w ] be resur marriage certificate in his pocket
re th 1 of the week be Ment " » the {ndicated that he was Edward Philip Hazazer
minor e ‘aces @hicn they may} eo . lt is said that tHazazer's father is a well-to-do
¢ ' un be done w the trie | electrical engineer in New York, and that the
orking 7 } younw man is a black sheep. He was formerly
J employed by the New fork and West hester
READING EXPECTED TO COMPLY felephone Company in building its lines in

Westchester county, and there he obtained

Miners Look for Favorable Action and Think ® ®)" ledge ¢, the pt a hic h abled
hirn to wo into his vietinus’ hous and examine
0 ' " w oe

ther Compantes ill Follow, the telephone withou! arousing Suspicion

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

 
 
    

 

POTTSVILLE, 1} Oct 8—The general be- ik toucraphs of Cie prisouer Were sent tloeday
lief hera to-night {s that the Reading com. to (hie 8 Timmons and Mclauahlin of New
a + tn eas Shun tae 4 — Z Pochelleand Yonkers and they showed ther
pany will b g the fir ' nee that | tathe people who had heen robbed, The vic-
it has accepted the terrnis of t mine con- . tims id ntified Hasaser’> re ture a3 that of
vention and that the «lding ! be no | Uk inan Ww ho visited their lores several weeks
A athnth (ike cutnieh women) age 1s n arried off several thousands of dollars’
stacl ‘ sie ‘ : a ® worth ids and jewelry. Mrs, Sands
prices of coal will be well tintained by the | K. Gort sidence Park, New Rochelle,
coal-carrving companies, whit Ww enable his | ast wv ym of the telephone burglar,
i iG i hu enn = [he story « ver loss, With a deseription of the
1e@ smaller individual colieres ) pay the burglar, Was priy tedin the newspapers, The
advance, continue business and make some Police believe that thie put people on their
oney & snd made business so Unsafe that the
The Schuylkill region continues quiet | t went lo Rufalo before attempting

and the only collieries running are those in | another tot

Panther Creek here the strikers have been

notified that they will net t conloved Edward Philip Hazazer fs the son of Fdgar
Ne reliance is placed in the story that W. Hazazer, an electrician who lives at 644 Prose
the Reading Company will try to start some pect. place, Brooklyn. [le is but 19 years old
of its collieries with non-union men Miners and for the greater part of his life has been very
look for the Reading company vorable wayward Young Hnzazer was a source of
answer by Wed day nd they believe tha constant trouble to his father because of his
the big companies about Wilkes-Barre and ny escapade He wave no hope of ever ree
Seranton will see their was “ir to be able ne and almost a year ago, at the close of
to guarantee the 10 per cent. advance until his numerous exploits, leftor was forcad to
next April his father’s house in Brooklyn, Just
a a what he has done since then his father does

not know and the news that the son was married
was asurprise to him. Mr, Hazager told a SUN
reporter last night that he believes his son was
mentally unbalanced

To Gaaranter the 10 Per Cent Increase of

 

 

 
 

Wages Uniti Aprti l, “| am olen nd tired of the trouble and ex-
Avera of the cite coal com ' ense | have noput to by my wayward
OMcera ¢ the anthracite coal con panies in he said, “and | = oompnitted crime he will

this city manifested yesterday a conciliatory
rmal conference was held, b it
such expressions of individual! opinion as were
elicited = fron the coal pre idents were
in favor of making any reasonable concessions

be obliged to suffer the full penalty unleas he
ean wet out of it hiniself if

spirit N f
sistance from

 

MITCHELL LEAVES SCRANTON,

to the miners in order to settle the strike at —
nee | le Understands the O .erators Will Not See a
The vice-president of one of the principal (Committee of the Unton,

oal inining and il carrying conipanies s AN > ) ‘ > "

that the interests which sentrol teat apd | Senanton, Pa, Oct, 15.~ President Mitchell

the ant of the United Mine Workers left this city at

mines in

   

e region would be willing

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

to srant mittee request and gwuarantee |§ 427 o'clock this afterioon for Hazleton, where
he “ ‘ . rs are ;
cont, in wW age s yr ed his services, he says, are more needed than they
in ’ intil rh F
4 that © atrik ould be ended | "re here, tle says that, aided by the othe
’ ine king that eoneession he | leaiders, he will address himself to the tast
hac oubt ¢ > be “ed to by al ' iC
ae ne oe ithe largest i ‘i AC a ae ot the | of getting out the miners that are still at work
irae «li we erAlors War 1 t. =
Information was recs " at the bet ware | in : ; i "ie va ot 1! or : a complete a
ind Hudson office dur ed that t} ay OA ’ os or too, that Mr
ini day iA he |) Mitchell greatly fears an outbreak of violene

vasheries of tha
vere tt

nea

Scranton | jy

ne eines tt |
the atrike ; = | to

er about il
xereline 9

izieton aud he desires to bet)
restrawning influence upon

    

operat

evinning of

the

me
The reports received froin gil quarters this

A Striker's Wife Wills Herself, evening show the situation to be rere hopetul

     

 

      

   

 

   

sain 7 . J and those who oug lo know »ay that the
WILKES-Banrer, Pa, Get »~ Becnuse she j strike will not continue longer than this week
sas sick and her husband a -tr.ker Mrs. Agnes | The Ot erators | Mw announced in inter-
Jones shot herself in the head to-day and died, | Ter oe “ey pave ap oe ane
> 3 ’ i s don e convention ar re
The trials of the farnit the list few weeks, | dav President Mite! said t ; 7 “ture
‘ . Vis t . :
he a Meultioes of wetting along without work | euthered most of our tntormation as to what
4 id pe suffering caused si0kness induced | the operators are doting from the newspapers
' os spon dency Hier isband, who had | end | suppose they are dving the same Ree -
ir get work fr. quentiy, t falled, but | ever, if the operators will meet a committee
"a8 still searching when Mrs, Jones killed’ her- | we Will only be too glad to appoint one to con-
ne) vey to them the result of the convention We
have always understood, though, that the

Poland water, the sovere
the functions of the stomac

operators would not see a committee of our
men

nremedy for establishing

 

stand by the principles and policies of Govern-
ment which bring prosperity and comfort to
Nothing else. It makes no dif-

all people
President if he stands for the

ference who is
policy that is best for the people.”

Mr. Hanna said that the full dinner pail was
argument he knew of, Some one
called that the dinner pail was full of wind

“The only thiug | know of with a super fluity
Bryan Democrat,” retorted Mr.
< answer was greeted witha cheer,
from

he best

out

of windis a
Hannaand!

“How about
another part of the audience

[he strike will be settled this week,” replied

Mr, Hanna, aud again the workmen cheered
him, He had his audience {in complete sym-
pathy by this time and when he asked

“What has Mr. Br) an ever done for the work-
ingmen of this country?” they shouted

“Nothing!” and again cheered.

the coal strike’ came

 

nM a|
|

| sources

 

He |

 

 

ALLIES TAKE PAO-TING+FU,

Active,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
From a@ Staff Correspondent

SHanonal, Oct. 16. A telegram was re-
ceived to-day from Li Hung Chang reporting
that he had seen all the Foreign Ministers

except the German and Russian, who are still
at Tientsin. The peace negotiations have
hot yet been opened

Pao-ting-fu was captured on Saturday by
the Fnglish, German, French and Italian expe-
dition which was despatched from Pekin for
that purpose

Kang Yi, President of the Board of War, is
reported dangerously sick at Wenhsi, on the
road to Singan-fu Gen, Yung Lu has gone
to Singan-fu to join the court

The loca) secret societies continue active,
They entertain pronounced enmity against
Great Britain for her failure to protect the par-
ticipants in the Flankow trouble, They say
they must now depend wholly on their own re-
ind raise disturbances wherever it is
possible to do go,

SOUTH CHINA REVOLT SPREADS,

Situation at Canton Critteal — British Are
Guarding the Frontier,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

HonG Kone, Get. 15. Evidence accumulates
as to the anti-Manchu character of the rebel-
lion in the S ‘The insurrection has been
earefully planned The rebels are consistently
refraining from outrage and pillage for the
purpose of conciliating the villagers and avoid-
ing of! the foreleners, It is reported
that there are 3,000 rebels thirty miles north
of the British frontier The movement ts
apreading

Aprarenily Kana Yu Wei, Sun Yat Sen and
the Triads have amalecumated and are mak-
ing common eause agninst the dviussty Ad-
miral Ho seems unable to cope with the rebels,
The reports of the number of men under his
command vary from 3,000 to 11,000

A strong British force with Maxim guns and
two7-pounders was sent to the frontier to-day
to prevent armed Chinese, whether rebels or

th

ence to

! Impertal troops, from invading the hinterland.

Meanwhile the position at Canton continues
to be reported as moat eritical.

It is reported here that Sun Yat Sen has

seized Kuichan, on the East River, and is be

He spoke for five minutes, the pres ribed |
time for the stop, but the men would not let |

him go. The crowd on the other side of the
train called to him to turn that way and he did.
Col, Wiswell tried to start the train, but he
could not get the crowd away from the cars
and Mr, Hanna seemed to be with the crowd
rather more than with the Colonel, who had

charge of the train.

At Racine the train made a short stop and
Mr. Hanna spoke tor a few minutes to a crowd
of several hundred. Again the train stopped
ut Allis Junction to switch to the Western
tracks and while there was no stop scheduled

there was a crowd insisting upon a apeech |

from Mr Hanna. To make up for the time
rons special ran at the rate of sixty-five

miles an hour and Waukesha was reached

| at 2-30 and the whole population of the beaut

fu] summer resort was In the streets to wel-
come Senator Hanna and party, They were
escorted to the Siluriin Park Casino by the
Lafollette Marching Club and followed by
fiftv-seven ladies in carriages representing
States and Territories, including Hawaii, Cuba,
Porto Rico, Guam and the Phi ppir eR
fhe Casino was packed senator Frye
talked on imperialism, sareastically handling

! Senator Tillman's arguments against govern-

e will get no as- |

consent of the governed, and
wr. Dolliver made a short and eloquent speech
on the genera! ‘issues When Senator Hanna
was introduced the cheers of the crowd showed
that he was the magnet that had attracted
them

After the meeting at the Casino Mr. Hanna
was driven to the public square, where he spoke
to about 1,600 person

When the train reached Madison at 6 o'clock
Gov, Seofield and H ©. Adams, chairman of
the Reception’ ommittes, met Senators Hanna
and Frye at the depot and so did a large part
of the population of the capital city. They
were escorted to the hotel by Republican clubs
and the college students and also by the crowd,
three cheers drowning the noise oi the band,

bie city ' orated in honor of t
and the street f which is to begin to-morrow
lhe meetings to-night were the largest in the
history of Madison. Special trains brought
thousands from cities within a radius of loo
miles Fully 60,000 people tried to hear the
Bperr has

CHICAGO, Oct, 15.—Before Senator Hanna
Jeft for his Western trip he gave orders that
the campaign from_now on must be made one
continuous rally Every device known to ex-
perienced campaigners will be use ! as a means
of arousing enthusiasm = The word
massed along to the spellbinders, telling them
talk “Old Glory” and “Prosyerity” as much
as possible and to pay little attention to anti-
oe and other issues branded
as bernie ie

SortH Faria, 8S. D, Oct. 15
franna is gloating over his
comftting Senator Pettigrew he
path may not be one of roses

ment without

  

 

{
isd

 

 

 

~While Senator
rospect of. dis-

will find his
Senator Petti-

 

grew has entered heart and soul into a scheme
to have a second special train tag close on
behind Senetor Hanna's. Senator William ‘4
Allen of Nebraska has agreed to go on the
rival spewial along with Senator Petticrew
and they expect to make it at least interesting
Little things like hourly chatlenges for joint

debate are predicted as side diversions

It RAINED BATS AND HAWKS AT SEA,

Bats Blew Aboard Ship From the Fast, Hawks
From the West,

rhe seteamship Curityba, which arrived yea-

terday from Cuban ports, had a weird experience

with winged things on her trip up the coust

When she was off Matanzas on Tuesday last

an off-shore gale, permeated with tropical
moisture, piled the combers about her On the
blast came tyousands of land birds and big
buts, Mate Bregman says the bats literaily
covered the ship, roosting on all the rail He
leaves they apneoread to be a “crow between
yunpire and a squirrel When the weather

moderated and dawn came the bats were near
»one ot the Bahamas to venture leay-

 
  
 
 

     

 

ing the shiy

A hundred or more miles off Florida on Thurs-
day the Curtvyboa wa vated by what the
seventh mate, Who is English, declores was
a tiock of “hengles.”” The eighth mate say
he beideves th y re “howls,” and the ninth
mate positively asserts that they were “‘awks.,’
Whatever they may be called, Capt. Hoppe
and his mencapturedtwo of them, which meg
ure, according to the new ultramarine re

 

 

 
 

 

porter w was sent out by the ship news ex-
perta te eyarn, “about «lahtieet from tip
to tip. There were altogether twenty eagles
or hawks or owls in the flock. The news col-
lector for Tk SUN at Quarantine reported
the invasion of birds thus

“On Thursda when off the coast of Florida
two hawks. much exhaisted, flew aboard the
steamer and rested on the vessel's spars (ine
! the Crew wernt we t and -— ured i} . birds
On the following day, a large number of birds
vere sighted, sor flew pear the steamer
Capt. Hoppe shot one but failed to secure It
as it fell in the water Another in trying to

alicht tell inte the funnel and was burned in
the furnace All the birds appeared to be
exhausted and had evidently been biown of

 

the land The two captured birds are hawks
of the species commonly known as fishing
eagles ”

j

4

* Ruests |

has been |

siewing Huichau. It ia stated that the Canton-
ese Iroperial troops have been defeated, losing
200 killed.

JAPAN ACCEPTS FRENCH PLAN.

 

Makes Some Reservation in Regard tothe Im-
portation of Firearms,
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Panis, Oct. 1% —-M. Delcassé, the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, has received the reply of
Japan to his note in regard to the settlement of
the trouble With the exception of
making reservations {n regard to the
importation of firearms, Japan agrees to the
French proposals

M. Delcassé has received word that the Chi-
nese Court has arrived at Singan-fu

It ls said here that the Russian auggesation
which Armerica and France were ready to ac-
cept, that the question of what indemnities
were due from China should be referred to
the permanent tribunal of arbitration which
is shortly to be constituted by the signatory
Bowers to The Hague convention, has been
somewhat misunderstood. Russia did not
mean to convey the idea that China should be
arraigned and tried before this body, but
merely that the tribunal should act as a court
of assessment in apport’oning the damages
that should be received from China among the
Powers

Bersiin, Oct, 15.—It is understood that Ger-
manv’s reply to the note of M. Delcaasé, the
French Foreign Minister, was despatched to-
day. It is said that it is couched {n the most
friendly terms, and that it declares Germany

 

Chinese

some

has no fundamental objections to the French |

proposals regarding China.

 

VON WALDERSEE OFF TO PERRIN.

Palace Rooms Formerly Occupied by the
Empress Dowager Assigned to Him.
Special Cadle Despatch to THB SUN,

Tonpdon, (Oct. 16 A Tientain despatch of
Sunday's date says; “Field Marshal Count
wou Waldersee and staff started for Pekin this
morning

A despatch to the Daily Newe from Pekin,
dated Oct. 7, says that there is now only one
company of Russian troops there. It adds
that it has been decided that Field Marshal
Count von Waldersee shall use the roome in
the Imperial Palace that were occupied by the
Empress Dowager for eighteen months prior
to her departure from the capital

The Times refers to the reported intention
of Field Marshal Count von Waldersee to oceupy
the Imperial Palace in Pekin as a step toward
rectifying the former error of sparing it from
desecration, It adds that Germany at any rate
realizes the «reatness of her interests
{n the Far Fast and means to protect them.
Her acquisition of the island of Uroan as a
couling station shows that she does not Intend
that ber intervention in eastern Aslaticaffairs
shall be limited to the present transitory oo-
casion

Posthamous Honors for Capt. Thomann,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,

VIENNA, Oct. 15,—-The Emperor has posthu-
mously honored Capt. Thomann, who was
kilied at the Austrian legation in Pekin, by
conferring on him ths Order of Leopold, the
highest Austrian decoration
widow to claim rank next to a baroness,

AMERICAN GUNBOAT AT SHANGHAI,

 

The Helena to Show the Stars and Stripes on
the Yangtse River.

WasHinoton, Oct. 15—The gunboat Nashe
ville has arrived at Hankow and the gunboat
Helena at Shanghai to look after American in-
teresta. On account of her light draught the
Helena will be able to visit American mission
stations on the Yangtse River and show the
Stara and Stripes at places where there is con-
siderable anti-foreign agitation

 

ROWLAND FE, ROBINSON DBAD.,

The Blind Author Who Wrote Aboat Vermont
Country Life,

BURLINGTON, Vt., Oct, 15. -Rowland E, Rob-
inson, the blind author, died of a cancer at his
home in Ferrisburg this afternoon, He was
born in 1833 in the housein which hedied, Row-
and Evans Hobinson's early life was that of
He early developed

the ordinary farmer's boy,

  

a keen love of nature and was an ardent

ootsipan, Alter revching manhood he went
to New York, where be learned the trade of
uw wood engraver, Bis eyesight failed and
he returned to hic old heme in Perricbure
His publi 1 works inclide “Danvis Folks,’
Sam [ove Camps, “Ty the Green Wood,"
In New knaland Pields and Woods,” "A Danvis
Pioneer,” "A Here of Tieonderoas,” “Dnele
Liche’s Outing’

 

11. D. for Secretary Hay.
Puinceton, N J, Oct 15 ~ President Patton
of Princeton announ ed to-day thit the degree
of doctor of jaws will b+ conferred by the uni-

versity upon the Hon John Hay, Seer tary
of Stat, at tie commemoration day exer.
cises on = Saturday Bishop Satterlee of

Washington will be the speaker of the day, and
the aubject of his address will be “Morals and
American Civinzation "

flaan's Recherche Table d'Hote, $1.50.

Park Row Hullding, from6 to 8:30 P. M. (also ole )
Mivsiec Rathskeiler for ladies and gentiemen,—Ade

 

 

 

 

Football at Weat Point on Wed. | 7th, and Sat, 20ta
Up by Day Line boat, back by rail.—A dr.

  

This entitles his |

TADLEY IS FOR M'KINLEY,

 

RATTLESHIPS STARTED

BUILDING
IMPERIALISM, HE SAYS,

And the President of Yale University Prefers
the Repablican to the Demoeratte Kind
Not In Politics, bat His One Vote Will Go

to McKinley Depew Receives a Welcome.
Oct, 18. One of the most
receptions

New HAVEN, Conn
wildly enthusiastic
Yale graduate was that of to-night when the
whole undergraduate body of the tniversity
turned out to welcome the fon, Chauncey M
Depew of the class of ‘56

At7 P.M. the students of all classes and de-

{
| partments assembled on the college canipus
'

ever given a

There were 1,500 men tn ling When the parade
started and the long torchiieht procession and
the fireworks that off
line of march made the sight one of the grandest
ever seen here during @ political campale!

The students marched to the house of President
Hadley and immediately after the first cheer
the head of the university appeared, The

cheering that followed his appearance lasted
id

were set all along the

goveral minutes and at its cone lusion he sa
“Gentlemen, the question of impern iis Was

settled ten years ago when we bean to build

battleships instead of forts Olney and

Democrats wanted one kind of imperialism: the
wanted to fight England The
party wanted another, better kind of impe-
T aim not against the Democratic party
IT havea high respect for Mr Cleveland
and other great leaders. | have high personal
respect for Mr. Bryan, You know the story
of the man that lost bis wife All
were sympathizing with hitn and

y
Republican

rialism
Indeed,

       

ing

Sun.

 

the |

|

| what an awful loss it was and all that, and he

| answered, ‘Well, that’s all very fine, but lL never
did care much for her.’

Ii weare to have imperiadism at all L would
much rather see brought about bs Vir. Mehine
ley and his Cabinet, with such mnen as hay
and Root, than by any men that Mr. Bryan
can gather around hig fam not in polities
this vear any more than this; 1 will deposit
my one vote for MeKiuley and will net try
to deposit any more

At this last assertion by President Hadley
the vast audience of studenta and citizens |
cheered wildly for several minutes, The

varade was then resumed, and afterescorting
he Hon, George P. McLean, the Gubernatorias
candidate of Connecticut, to ans ther hall, the
students proceeded to the college hall, where
Mr. Depew spoke

The meeting was called to order by
Day of New York, President of the Yale Ke-
publican Club, He tntroduced Prof, B. E. Per-
rin as chairman and the latter introduced Sena-
tor Depew with a short speech in which he told
of his conversion from the Democratic to the
Republican creed

tir Depew delivered an oration lasting almost
The three great questions of the
imperialism, militaria and trusts,
him and In a masterful
side

  

two hours
campaign,
were summed up by
manner he showed how the Republican
waa the one that will bring the best resulta,

Mr, Depew said:

“Bryan is one of those characters who, when
he seas two bad things, selects them both.
In 1806 Bryan came here and appeared on the
He says he is not coming here this

green.

year, (Great laughter! He was a prophet
then, His prophecies have not come
true. As a prophet Bryan has honor
nowhere, Bryan says that this. prosperity

that now abounds in our country is alla mistake,
It is inebriation, The country is drunk, fi
we continue on this wav there will be a orash,
but if ypu elect me [ will cheek thia progress
toward ruin, President MeKinley is doing
nothing but what the ¢ onstituchon of the United
States compela him to do with our new ac-
guisitions, He is doing what was done by
Jefferson and Monroe and ducksor

“Ae for militarism, I don't think one man
{n 100 of you ever saw a Regular soldier the
tool of a tyrant’s will

“The trueta, Bryan seys, will prevent any
of vou from becoming whatTam. [Lauz or)
The only anti-trust law was prepared and pas»

by the Republicans. That the Sherman
| law, Now, the trusts are State cor-
porations ‘and cannot be touched by the

Federal Government without an amendment
to the Constitution. Bryan daren't say he
is in favor of an amen tment to the Consutution
concerning trusts, which will permit the United
| States to go inside of the power of the indi-
vidual States
“I have known all the Presidents since my
time
Some day or other the Democratic party will
get over its craze for cranks and will nominate
a man who is not to be seared. Cleveland is
such a man.”

 

70 BRYAN'S AID.

The Rebel Leader Ordered Fighting Resamed
Before the Election,

Omana, Neb., Oct. i5.—Assistant Secretary
of War Meiklejohn came in from Washington
to-day to resume his campaigning in Nebraska,
opening at Falls City to-night, Talking about
affairs at the War Department, he said that
just as he was coming away A cofmunication
had been received gom the Military Governor

lof the Philippine Islands containing several
letters from @ distinguished Filipino who had
opened negotiations with some revel leaders
for peace Telling of A meeting with Gen
Trias’s officers,

AGUINALDO

 

Julien |

Cleveland was a very good President, |

| house is o

the Filipino, whose name ts ,

withheld for State reasons, wrote that at first |

there was an inclination to accept amnesty
and that some ord for hostile operations
wore revoked. Later there wis another meet-
ing and of this the Filipino wrote:

“at this conference they told me that more
letters had been received belittling the acts
of Sefior Buencamino to reach an honorable
peace and dubbing them as traitorous They
also apoke of the war in China as a reason for
the depletion of the American forces here and
also of the promise of Mr. Brvan to give ine
dependence under a protectorate in case he
should be elected. I opposed all such reasons
as absurd, assuring them that !f Mr. Bryan were
elected President he would not grant a pre
tectorate unless all reelstance had ceased, I
also told them that they should bear in mind
that at the end of the ninety days’ amnesty
those who had surrendered would not be per-
mitted to enter: that their goods would be con-
fiscated and that he who was caught would
be hanged. They then replied that Trias
had learned all this from another souree, but
letters had recently been received with an
order from Aguinaldo to the effect that ag-
gressive operations should be entered upon
with the object of aiding In the election of

   

Bryan.’
Mr. Meiklejohn said after giving out this
letter, “The tnaurrection in the Philippine

Islands would have been ended long ago had
it not been for the Tagalists of the United
States advocating Aguinaldo mobocracy.”

ROLAND REFD ITLL AGAIN,

 

 

In St. Luke's Hospital for Another Operation,
' but This Time Not a Serious One,

Roland Reed, the comedian who underwent
two operations in St. Luke's Hospital last win-
ter for atomach trouble and lay at the point
of death for weeks, returned yesterday to his
home, 291 Weet 122d atreet He has closed
hia season in Chicago on account of a recur-
rence of his stomach trouble Last night he
went to St Luke's Hospital and he will be
operated upon again to-day He said that
the operation will not be a serious one and he
hoped to resume his tour within four or five
| days

 

 

 

| @DD MISHAP TO STUART G. NELSON.

Banker's Left Arm and Pelvis Fractured by a
Fall at Lakewood,

Laxrwoon, N. J., Oct. 15.--Stuart G. Nelson,

Vico-President of the Seaboard National Bank

| of New York, who has been resting here for

| Jackson,

a fortnight, is badly crippled as the result of |

au singular accident last night. He had fin-
{shed an after-dinner chat with a friend and
when he arose from his chair he fell heas i.
An examination to-day showed that the left
arm was broken a few inches below the shoulder
and the pelvis fractured

Miss Gillig and Her Governess Hart,

New Rocreuue, N. Y., Vet. 15.--Miss Gladys
Gillie, the sixteen-year-old daueiter of Com-
modore Gillig of Larchmont Manor, and her
governess met with an accident while driving

a horse to a runabout in North street this after.
The kingbolt broke and the vehicle
The occupants fell upon the pave-

noon
i collapsed.
|} ment, Miss Gillie striking upon her shoulder
} and the governess upon her face. They were
j picked up and taken to a pharmacy apd at-
| tended by Dr. De MacKlewiez. They soon after-
ward returned home inacarriage Miss Gillig's
horse ran away but was captured two blocks
away by Richard Fowler
Health Notice! Use Pintt's Chiorides
| for household disinfection. Sold by druggisin Ada

 

Pe

4

4 CAPSIZED SLOOP.

One Man Died of Mxhoastion and Three Others
Nearly Loot Their Lives,

DEATH ON

 

 
 

Keyponr, No od, Oet ft Cant Benjani
Tilton of the yacht Imogene discovered at de
light this morning in Raritan Bay tl tpatved

Mortle, with three mien more dead that
ve elinging to her Phere was lashed to the
huil the corpse of Joseph Volkimnu The sur
vis vere Wo Ploghes, J. Callahan and Henrys
to uton, employees of the Perth Aribe
pet ter They took a sail in the sloop, whieh
belongs to Hughes, and after a pleasant after-
noon they started fer home early last night
\ vil ruck the sloop and capsized het
‘I en drifted all night, clinging to the boat
th shouted for help until they were hoarse
Vo!) inv died about midnicht and Callahan
became half erazed from triught Hughes lashed
the body of Volkman to the boat, Covington
was k busy with Callahan, who wanted to
throw hinwself from the boat and drown

The Imogene took the men aboard and towed
the aloop to Keyport They were cared for
and the body of Volkman was turned over
to the coroner, who decided that an inquest
Wee TNNecess int A police boat trom Perth
Ainboy arrived here at noon and the men were

taken home

‘
STREET CARS,

Jim crow
Fight Over a Proposed Ordinance tn New
Orleans City Council,
New On.eans, Oct, 15 —H. 1D. Wilkon, mem-
ber of the Legislature for Tangipahao, and
author of the bill requiring the negroes to
use Separate street cars from the whites, ts in
New Orleans and pressing before the City
Council the separate car ordinances Mr Wil-

son urges the law on the ground of the moral
effect. It is not only the desire, says Mr. Wil-
gon to separate the whites and the blacks
on the street cars for the comfort it will provide,
but also for the moral effect. The separation

 

| pocTOR PUNCHED

of the races is one benefit, but the demonstra. |

of the white man over
The Separate Car
bitternesa in

tion of the superiority
the negro is a greater thing
law is mecting a great deal of
the Council between those who favor and those
who oppose the separation of the races in the
eae car

 

$5,000 THAT M'KINLEY CARRIES KINGS,

Ruling Odds on the General Result 4 to I,
With Few Takers.

Four to one on McKinley continued to be the
ruling election betting odds In Wall Street
yesterday. Payne & Van Antwerp, of the
New York Stock Exchange, bet with Post &
Flig@ $2,000 to $500 that McKinley would win
J.J. Judwe, an outside broker, offered to bet
$1,000 to $250 on McKinley without being able
to get a taker. Mr. Judge also offered $1,000
to $000 that McKinley will carry West Virginia,
and $5,000 even that McKinley carries Kings
county An offer was made of $500 even that
all five of the following States will be carried
by McKinley: Nebraska, Ohio, Indiana, Ilinots
and Maryland

BIG FIRE AT PORT LIMON,

Large Part ef the Costa Rican Seaport Town
Destroyed.
Special Carle Despatch to THE SUN,

Coton, Oct. 15.—An extensive fire occurred
yesterday at Pott Limon. The principal por-
tion of the town was destroyed. The fire come
menced in Lide’s store and burned to the Palace.
The loss, which is heavy, is partly covered by
insurance,

 

A. G, VANDERBILT'S NEWPORT HOUSE.

He Rents Chastellux, Near the Home of the
Fature Mrs, Vanderbilt.

Newront, R. I, Oct. 15.-—Alfred G. Van-
derbilt, who will be married here in January
to Miss Elsie French, has rented for next sea-
son Chastellux, an unusually
owned by Mr. and Mrs. Lorillard Spencer and
located in Chastellux avenue. The place Is
one of the finest in Newport and Mr. Vanderbilt
pays a large rental for ft, no doubt, though the
figure is not named. Chastellux ts opposite
Harbourview, the summer residence of Mrs,
F. O. French, mother of Miss Elsie French,

and for this reason it was selected by the future
Mra. Vanderbilt. ‘he house is very finely
finished with numerous gables and other dec-
orative features without and within It is
most richly and attractively furnished, The
stone and of wood and is located
60 as to afforda fine water view

Mr Cornelius Vanderbilt will send his 70-
footer Rainbow to Bristol to-morrow in tow of
the Mirage

Mr. Wiliam K. Vanderbilt, Jr‘s, Virginia will
be taken to City Island this week to be laid up
This will clear the harbor of the seventies

The submarine torpedo boat Holland will
leave Newport to-morrow for Annapolis in tow
of the t Leyden. She will take the course
through the Sound and will make aetop first at
Delaware City. Lieut. Caldwell will be in com-
mand of the Holland The torpedo boats
Craven and Dahlgren will also leave to-morrow,
going to Portsmouth, N. H

SHOT HIS COUSIN FOR A DEER.

A Maine Accident Similar to the Recest One
in the Adirondacks.
WATERVILLE, Me,, Oct, 15.—The firet fatal
@unning accident of the season in this State
occurred near Fort Fairfield to-day, Early
this morning Robert Green and his cousin,
Perey Green, both young men, started into the
woods in search of big game. They separated
and beat through the underbrush about one
hundred yards apart, but gradually worked in
toward each other, On acconnt of the recent
heavy rains both hunters were able to work
along with scarcely any noise and when Robert
saw something that appeared to be a deer,
moving in a thick elump of cedar trees, he
hurriedly took aim with his rifle and pulled the
trigwer \ scream folowed the report and,
running to the spot, Robert found his cousin
writhing on the ground with a bullet hole
through his body, He diedina few minutes

 

“STONEWALL” JACKSON'S WIDOW

Successfully Operated Upon tn a Baltimore
Hospital.

Battimorne, Md, Oct. i5—Mrs. “Stonewall”

widow of the famous Confederate

General, to-day eubmitted to the survieal
operation which she came to this city to have
performed, The operation waa performed
at the Church Home and Infirmary by Dr. [

Mef.ane Tiffany It was said at the home
this afternoon that the operation has been
veceasful and that no unfavorable resnits

were anticipated

Mine Cave-In Throws 1,100 Men Out of Work.

SAN BERNARDINO, Cal, Oct. 18—R. A Stille
man arrived here to-day from the United

Verde copper mines at Jerome, Ariz, and
says that Vie cave-in at the mines ia far more
re‘ious than at first reporte:, As a result of
the accident the great smeltera at Jerome have
closed down and 1,100 inen are thrown out of
work Nearly two acres of earth caved in
to a depth of ten feet and the rails ef the United
Verde and Pacific Railway were left suspended in
air

 

 

Locking Up the Crooks for To-day.

Capt. MoClusky issued orders to his detectives
yesterday toarrest all crooks whose pictures

areinthe rogues’ gallery and have them held
untilafierthe Brvan celebratio. lsover, Asa
resultof the order thirty men krown to the

police as suspic.ous characters had been locked
up in the station houses throughout the city at
midnight

 

The President to Retarn to Canton on Monday.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15 —President McKinley
will return to his home in Canton next Monday

to remain there untill after election. He will
vote the straight Republican ticket on Nov. 6
in his home precinct,

 

New Train to St. Louls

leaves Grand Central Station 5:30 P.M... reacnes st
Louis @5) next cight ‘Thisis the “St Louis Lim
{ted of the Now Sort Central, Lake Shore and bi¢
Four. N excess tare,—Ade,

) Clistomers who

pretty place !

Falr to-day and to-morrow: south

to west winds,

PRICE TWO CENTS. -
SCRAPINA BROADWAY SHOP

 

 

THE OWNER AND
THE CROWD CAME IN TO SEE,

Heaps of Excitement Around the Astor evs
When Dr, Baitey Took a Cane Back and
Couldn't Get His Meney Retarned—Hadly
HKumped, bat Save He'll Have His Rights

Yells, cuss worda and the songd of blows
coming from the trunk of Marlow J
Sullivan in the Astor House aroused a whole
heap of excitement in front of the hotel yea
terday afternoon A crowd gathered in front
of the place and a great many more persons
rushed inte the store than it had held for some
time, Tn fact: there wasa't standing room
when the police arrived and cleared the atore

store

 

 

and sidewalk Then it was seen that Dr. Sump-
ter Bo futtey of 162 West Porty-ninth atreet
Was having battle royal with@ Sullivan and
four « his Sullivan and his) clerks
were not scratched, but Dr Battey wae Guy
ered with blood whieh streamed from a twoe
inch gaeh over his left eve, Surrounding
the Maoh Was a lump as bie as a good sized
orange, Both men were taken to the Chureh
street police station, the erowd following,
und there they were lecked up on counter
charges of assault Both en furnished Dall
later and were ready tot ow it
{' ane veer a SUN iboustet wat (et oe
| bought a very pretty gold mounted bam
boo cane at that fellow's store on Saturday
afternoon,” said the doctor, “but when | got

hone and showed if to iny wife she pointed
( to me some imperfections 1 had not no-
tieed in the dark store. [ put the cane away
and this afternoon I took it back to the store
ty exchange it, I showed it to a clerk and

 
 

While he was pushing one of the imperfec-
tions with his thumb nail he pushed the whole
eide of the walking stick in Then the
cierk (ook the cane back to the rear of
the store and showed it to Bullivan. He
came to ome in @ nasty way and

decdared that they
Ii his store

never exchanged anything
| asked him to give me my money
back, I) he ordered me in an offensive
manner to leave the store and said if I didn't
eo hed calla policeman, I told him to call

* und he did Policeman Reilly came tn
heard the story, suid 1 was perfectly right and
refused fo interfere, When he had gone |
again asked Sullivan to give me my money or
4 perfect cane. He walked away from me,
reached down Under the counter, and getting
a club that was short. and thick hut

 

  

   

ine With it onthe forehead beiore] saw what
he was upto Then | tried to defend myself,
His jour clerks rushed to bis assistance and

began beating me and trying to trip me
Sotne

rar

up.
customers in the store and a ae hoy
to help me Ther had me bline wit

blood, but Twas making @ good fight when
the police came in and arrested us. At the
police station Sullivan, who seemed to know
everybody there intimately,  tob the ser
geant that he was afraid he had ot
into trouble I was bailed out and the

had followed me to the statlon
volunteered to be my witnesses in court to-day
thew were Philip No Farley of 607 East 187th
street and John Valentine of 262 Main street,
Orange, N. J There was another man, 0
came from the West and who had already
bought his railroad ticket, expecting to leave
to-night for his home. He said I had been
treated so outrageously that he was golng to
postpone his trip home and appear as a witness
for me in court to-day. IT am badly used up,
but I guesa the courts will show that I have
some rights,”

‘This doctor,” sald Mr. Sullivan, “bought @
cane from me some time last week and to-da
he came in and wanted it changed because ft
wasbroken  Ttold him that 1 would not change
the cane because vo long a time had elapaed
from the time when he had bought it. hen
he became very nolay and abusive and I told
him to leave the store or I would call a _polloe-
man. He dared me to call an offcerand! finally
did on account of the noise he was making
and the names Me was calling me
When the policeman came in, the
doctor was very giiet and the policeman said
he could not {nterfere as he saw nothing wrong.
As soon as he left, this doctor became very
abusive and noley again and when I again

 
 

told him to get out, he began going around
to other customera in the store and telling
them not to bur from me as
I was a swindier and a crook
Then I took = him by the arm
and started to lead him _ovt of the
place. He struck me and I defended my-
self, My c'erks, thinking I was in trouble,

rushed to help me and in the scrimmage the

doctor was badly beaten, I am afraid. Then

the policemen came in and we were arrested.”
"IT don’t know who wuz wrong,” said a news-

boy in front of the hotel last ni ht, “but, say,

cane two, guys put up a peach fight all right,
righ

 

REARTAQUAKE AT SKAGWAY.

 

Lasted Half an Hour, bat Was Not So Serious
as the Preceding One.

Victorra, B. C., Oct. 15.—A severe shook of
earthquake occurred at Skagway on Tuesday
last, lasting from 2:30to2 A M. The news was
brought by the steamer Amur, which returned
this afternoon. The shock was not as serious
as the heavy ones of September last year when

| some of the glaciera were shattered, but it was

|

|

| was paid over after the trial

universally felt on the Lynn Canal and in the
vicinity. Whether it was felt along the coast
or in the Interior could not be learned

A noteworthy incident is the fact that at the
identical time the shock occurred at Skagway
it was recorded by the seismmowraphle apparatus
made by Prof. Milne and established in this ety,
This machine made a photographic reproduo-
tion of the waves from the shock

CO-EDS WELCOMPF JOR JEFFERSON.

Young I.adics Sing ‘Joe J: Merson, Joe,"' and
He Tells Them Stortes,

Cutcaco, Oct 15 —Joseph Jefferson was the
guest of Miss Elizabeth Wallace and her fellow
co-eds at a luncheon served in Beecher Hall at
the University of Chicago to-day

Elaborate preparations were made for the
entertainment of Mr. Jefferson. Upon his ar-
rival at the hall he walked from his carriage to

the door between two lines of young ladies who
sung a song composed for the occasion, “Joe
Jefferson, Jue,” to the music of “Billy Magee,
Mawaw” The feature of the after-dinner
speeches Was a toast to the guest sung by the
young ladies, led by Mrs. T. D. Wallace

The company then adjourned to the pariors,
where the young ladies sat on the floor In a
circle around Mr. Jefferson. The venerable

actor gave entertaining reminisgences of his
stage career My Jeflerson said that “Rip
\ an Winkle” would live forever because of its
reality.

LIFTED NERVE RESISTANCE MAN.

 

Bat It ls Alleged thot It Wes Done by « Trick
~Wager of 8200.

Wonrcrsater, Mass, Oct. 185 —Willlam R
Mack, whoee power of nerve realstance has ate
tracted the attention of the country, waseaten
at his own game Friday night by John M, King
of this city. For a wager of $200 King suc
ceeded in lifting Mack from the floor on the
second trial. The wager was won by a trick,
King taking advantage of Mack's carelessness,
after an attempt of seven seconds’ duration to
lift him from the ground King apparently
gave up, but as soon as Mack's “nerve power”
was relaxed he lified him quickly from the
floor The test was at the Sherwood House and
witnessed by several prominent sporting men
Mack's backers came from Boston The money
King is @ bar-

 

ten

 

AMERICAN RELEASED FROM PRISON,

A Train Hand Vho Had Reon Sentenced to
Fight Years in a Mexican Court,

AUSTIN, Tex, Oct. 18—A despatch from

Monterey, Mexico, says the Department of State

at Washington has auceeeded in securing the

release froin the State Penitentiary there of
H. BE Gaulding, an American trainman, who
was tried in the Mexican court several months

age and senienced to eight yeats tnip. isentner

   
  
 

   

 

 

for the crime ot t! ime a xsican tram)
off © Urals Gaviding was # ed on
Mexican International and est and e@on-
viction caused his American trends to appen!
to the United States Consul here, whe laid t
matter before t Department at Washingt

Gaulding save that he was well treated by |
prison authe

New Yorkers Favor Evans’

tisthe finest ale end@ stout
Al! dealers sell it —Adr

(

because itis by a
Lr wery bottling he t

~-

—

a
{
q
a