i
|
1
{
i
}
1

    
    
  
        
    
   
   

 

 

mm ea,

2 445%

 

 

Italian cavalfty,; j¢‘t added; ve ad-
vanced beyond. the caonen eck of thé
river.

French newapapera continue to ac-
claim the Italian ¥iclory. Hope i@ ex-
pressed that (en. Diaz, profiting by the
demoralization of the enemy, will not
confine the fighting to loca! actions. but
will strike out boldly into an offenaive
and transform the Austrian retreat to
the Piave into a decisive victory.

Several newspapers wonder whether
the Germans will rush help to the Aus-
trians by transferring forces from the
western front. L’Homme LAbre believes
that such action fs hardly probable, as
Emperor William and Von. Hindenburg
are convinced they cannot obtain a deci-
sion except on the front from Switser-
land to the sea.

An official deapateh from Rome to-day
fays papers taken from prisoners show
that Austria had not contemplated the
possibility of defeat and was promising
her soldiers this offensive would be the
last stroke to put Italy out of the war.

Dias'n Address to Army.

In announcing the repulse of the es
trians Gen. Diaz, the Italian commander
fn chief, says that the fighting for the |
present is confined to local actions. He
calla upon the army to prepare for new
trials. In an order of the day to his
officers and men Gen. Dias says:

The enemy, who with furious im-
petuosity used all means to penetrate
our territory, has been repulsed at ail
points. His lossen are very heavy.
His pride is broken.
commands, all soldiers,

The country underet’
the barrier set up bh:
was = unshakable
strength is the purest of immortal
vigor. Our people and our allies,
who have go many glorious represen-
tatives among ur, applaud our suc-
cess against the eternal enemy.

The great battle is for the time be-
ing reduced to local actions.

The army has deserved well of the
country. We are sure of our right
and of ‘he holiness of the cause we
are dev icing New trials which un-
doubtedly await us will again show
the “nemy that Italy has lost none of
her faith, strength and abnegation.

For Italy, for King, for civillgation
let us persevere In our sacred duty.

Glory to all
aii sailors!

lat once that
heroism
tant your

and

 

ITALY’ WON THROUGH
GIVING FOE NO REST

Italians Jubilant, but See
Hard Fighting Ahead.

 

 

TraniaN ARMY HRADQUARTERS

them, but their T:e was alwaye accu-
rate and quick, while the Austrian fire
was diffused. The Italian infantry at
tlmes were opposed by five times their
number, yet the Austrian troops were
driven back despite their splendid cour-
age, which Gen. Dias, the Italian Com-
mander in Chief, has called “unfortunate
valor."

The secret of the Italian victory seems
to lie in immediate counter attacks,
which were carried out wherever the
enem* showed himself, local counter at-
tacks being followed up by counter
offensives all along the line. Thus the
enemy was never given any rest and
never allowed to replenish his supply
of troops.

The general feeling at headquarters
is that. though the vietory has been
wrest, there are yet harder days ahead
ef *h> defending forces

As . reward for his operations against
the Austrians, King Victor Emmanuel
has advanced Gen. Diaz ninety numbers
on the active ‘list ‘of thé ‘Italian ‘army.
This action places Gen.
fifth ranking. General.

Gen. Badoglio, chief of staff to: Gen,
Dias, has been promoted by the: King
to the rank of an army commander as
an expression of the King’s satisfaction
with the present operations. Gen.
Badogiio will remain in his present po-
sition.

The body of Capt. Beracca, Italy's
famous aviator, whose machine fell in
flames inside the Austrian lines on June

ay.

Diaz as Italy’s

after a “battle with enemy “airmen;
was found to-day during the Italian ad-
vance The aviator's body was only
siight!y burned. The Austrians had re-
moved the machine,

 

TEACHERS FOLLOW ARMY

Ttalflans Shown to Have Been

Cantivtent,

How confident were ths Italian Goy-
ernment officials that the armies of that
country would inflict a demoralizing de-
feat upon the Austrian forces seeking to

break their way across the rict: northern

: plains of Italy was revealed yesterday

by Dr. Felice Ferrero, director of the
Ttalian Bureau of Information, when ne
made known that a corps of teachers
ha@ been massed behind the Itallun
armies, and that these teachers moved
forward and began their educational
work as soon as the
their retreat.

Dr. Ferrero said the victory of the
Italian troops may be the forerunner of
the entire collapse of the Austrian tn-
vasion of northern Italy.

“If this is true,” he said, “the op-
pressed population of that country will
be rescued from the terrorism and
epoliation which has been systemati-
cally practised by Austrian military au-
thority. It would mean the restoration
of thousands of Italians to their homes

Austrians started

ana farm itands, the restoration of
achools and the freeing of Italian clergy
from the domination of Austrian mill-
tarism.

“Long before the declaration of war

the Austrian authorities’ closed all
echools in Goritzian and Corso regions
preparing for the impending struggle
and seized the school buildings for mil!-
tary purposes. When the Austrians be-
gan their retreat a ataff of teachers fol-
lowed the Italian army fo closely ans to
be almost in the very midst of the fight-
ere.
* “Their efforts were in every case aided
vy the military authorities. They lost
210 time in their task of bringing to tte
prising goneration a knowledge of Italy
that their fathers and grandfathers had
known and loved."

 

»BAUHAM FOR PREMIER.

Other Members of Austrian Cabi-
met May Remain.

AmetTeRvAM, June 25.—Vienna news-
papers received here say that Minister
of Railways Bauham will succeed Dr.
von Seydler as Premior of Austria.

Tt is asserted that other members of
the Cabinet who tendered treir resigna-
tion with Dr. von Seydler have been tn-
duced to remain in office.

 

 

Jews Urge Palestine Move.

AMBTERDAM, June 25.—Fourteen dele-
mates representing Jewish leagues, says
the Berliner Tageblatt, will go to Con-
atantinople to discuss Jewish immigras
tion to Palestine with the Turkish Gov-
ernment.

Property Loss in Cle Elum, Wash.,
Exceeds $1,000,000,

Cun Evum, Wash, June 25.—Fire toe
@ay swept the pusiness quarter and ten
Diocks of residences

City officers estimate there are 1,500
persons hometesas and place the prop-
erty loss at more than $1,000,900,

 

rere
Slate
’

; ‘ ‘ »
welds bee. 2 iif . aan RIN,

. .

Ce ee a ae Hi
id | Le :
Ha of

pariah
Pri ia al i
He it en

i setts
i

ae Ms
cr
4 4 | 4h!

ci ntti

Pris a al
OL UAN

ti Na bt

 

HAVING cleared the west bank of the Piave of in-)
vaders, who are in precipitate flight in places and
are being pursued by cavalry,
dle section of the river
Conegliano and_Oderzo, the Italians, with their Brit-! west bank of the

hw Med ae! y

 

; 'HE SUN,

 

i
atti
Gi Fp

nie

material gains at each of these points.

Just how far the Austrians have retreated to the
Be Gos in the mid-;| east along the Piave River is not clear; all that is
attle front, between, claimed by the Italian official statement is that the

river is free

Austrian positions in the mountains, at Monte Grappa, | crossed the river and is harrying the fleeing Austrians
Monte Asolone and on the Asiago' Plateau, making! at some distance beyond it.

 

———.

 

|EX-CZAR OF RUSSIA

AUSTRIAN RETREAT |£*<248 oF Russia |
QUICKLY DETECTED rea Guards Said to Have

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a a ee Ct -

 

Broken Into His Residence.

 

COPENHAGEN, June 25.—Russian Red
; Guards have broken into the residence
lof Nicholas Romanoff, the former Rus-
sian Emperor, at Bkaterinburg and mur- .
dered him, to

IN
NorTHERN ITALY, June 24 (delayed).— ;
“If we only had American troops with| Italians Followed Closely on
us now we would do still better work,”
re the remark heard on al) sides to- Heels of Enemy Along
lay.
Italy's victory has been one of acilence Piave.
over blind courage The Italians from
the start hot nore artillery against SrA eee

according the Ftussian |
‘newspaper Viia.

This report is included in a Stockholm
| despatch to the national Tidende.

By WARD PRICE, | Waite sree
CONGRESS RECESS APPROVED.

Special Cable DeapatcA to Tuk Sux from the
/ Prestdent’s

London Times
Copyright, 198; all rights reserved
Q : Lenders’ Plans.
(delayed).—The Austrian ual WA@HINOTON, June
'o

HBADQUARTERS OF THE ITALIAN ARMY,
| Wilson gave his approval to-night to |

June 24
across the Piave was a disaster.
closely did the Itallans press on the | plans of Congressional leaders for a
heels of the Austrians that prisoners prief recess of Congreas while the new
were taken as they were trying to push | revenue bill is being prepared by the
| House Ways and Means Cornmittee,
Plans for the recess to begin early

boats from the river bank. :
Lost Itallan Watteries have been re- | jos¢ month and continue until early in
August were laid before the President
by Senator Martin (Va.), Democratic
leader of the Senate; Senator Simmons
CN. C.), chairman of the Senate Finance
Committee, and Representative Kitchin
(N. C.), majority leader of the House
and chairman of the House committee tn
‘charge of the revenue legisiation.
They suggested and the President as-
‘ sented to suspension of Congress ag soon |
as the appropriation
other matters are daposed of. The
back over the river. They started the | President was told that this might be
retreat as secretly as possible about 2) pcnomplished early next week, possibly
o'clock Sunday morning. Machine guns in time for Congress to take a recess
were left in advanced poaitiona to keep before July 4. |
up the impression of unchanged strength Sona 7s
by constant firing. At dawn the Italian
patrols, feeling forward, discovered how
thin the enemy line had decome.

 

 

Assent Is Given to

25.

— President

taken. Some of them were found filled
with explosives, ready to be destroyed,
but the Austrians, probably hoping too
long to get them away, did not have
the time to blow them up. Several ene |
emy batteries, hundreds of machine
mune, thousands of rifles and an aero-
plane were found on the ground evac-
uated by the Austrians. The number of
prisonets is increasing hourly.

It seema that on Saturday night the |

| bilis A f '
Austrians made up their mind to get{ Bee ew

 

DOWNS TWO PLANES SAME DAY

Belgian Filer Wine Two Victories
in Few Minutes,

 

Withdrawal Flashed.

The enemy's withdrawal was flashed |
up and down the line from the Montelio |
plateau to the Adriatic and everywhere
@n attack was ordered, Montello is now |
free from all enemies except the fugi-
tives who are hiding in holes.

oe

WASHINGTON, June 25.-—Sub-Lieuten-
tenant Willy Coppens, «a Belgian avia-
tor, earned his ninth and tenth victory
in leas than six weeks in the course of
n few moments yesterday, Says a des-

, a0) p o-: , he
Nervesa, which the Austrians had si erres {0-day at the Belgian
made their gate for the entrance to the | Co ; 3
‘ | oppens set fire to a German
Montello plateau, was In Italian hands i“Drachen’ flying above the woods at|
|
|

again last night. The only Austrians | pioegsteert and then downed an enemy |

now on this side of the Piave are pris- | biniane which attacked as he was re-
oners, with the exception of the rear-jturning to the Belgian lines, |

guard, which is now under strong et
DUTCH SELL GERMANS FAT.

 

sure and is endeavoring to protect the
evacuation from the San Dona salient.
Piles of corpses along the Plave show
how heavy losses were suffered by the
Austrians in trying to get across the

 

Shipments Cause Sarprise, as Hol-
'

river by boats, foot bridges and under | land Had Alleged Shortage.
shell and machine gun fire. When the;
boats weré loaded and the - artillery |
horses became panic stricken the men}
pushed them overboard and thay were
drowned in the swift river. By this
meanr the men were able to cross more
quickly.

Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sus from the
London Times.
Copyriaht, WS; all righta reserved,
THe Hacer, June 25.—-About 750 tons
of fat extracted from bones is being
exported from Holland to Germany. The
anret s fat, re +08 Aoeeraas causes
surprise here, since Holland recent n-
Valiant Rear Guard. |formed the Allies that she ae ies
The Thirty-first and Thirty-second \ proaching an acute shortage of fat.
rifle regiments of the Austrian army |

however, as a rear! PRINCESS

fought valiantly, TUD NURS
guard on the upper Piave from Saturday To 8 ¥ ING.
evening until last night. At that time
they had only eighty men who were
unwounded, When these eurrendered |
the General, Von Cronstadt, command: | Mary,
ing the brigade, shot himself. | daughter of King George, this week will

The whole Italian army is in the’ begin a course cf regular training as a
genith of its fighting enthusiasm. Man j nurse at the Children’s Hospital in Great
for mes it is worth twice what it was | Ormond street. She will work in the
a week ago. | Alexandra ward,

To-day, both sides adapting them-| ‘The Princess will attend the hospital
selves to the new positions caused by | two days each week and will undertake
the sudden abandonment of the Aus- | the usual work of a probationer.

triana’ positions on this side of the river, | as Cre,
SLAVIC LEGION ACCEPTED.

 

| King George's Daughter to Train
in Children’s Howpital,

LONpoN, June 25 Princess

 

Italian patrols have crossed the river |
in some places and searched the bank
for prisoners.

GERMANS AT BLACK SEA.

Land Force of 3,000 at Poti ™ the
Transcaucansus.
By the Associated Presa.
Moscow, June 18 (delayed).—-The

Germans have landed a force of 3,000 |

iow - |
rene Aig Serer eee meh | organization in France of a Polish army,

re
cording to an offielal communication is- | wae added to the $12,000,000,000 army

i
pea tocday. appropriatiton bill by unanimous vote

 

j Senate Approves Organisation

 

Here, Excluding Poles.

WASHINGTON, June 25.—Organization
of a volunteer “Slavic Legion’ in the
| United States for service at the front,
‘composed of members of oppressed races
of Austria and Germany, was approved
| to-day by the Senate,

The amendmert providing for

 

the
legion, but excluding Poles because of

 

the Senate.

 

 

Poti is a seaport in Transcaucasia, ;
Government of Kutais. It Iles at the
mouth of the Rion River and is con-
nected by rail with Batum, Tiflis and
Baku.

REVOLUTION IN CRIMEA,

Germans Reported to Have Caused
Uprising.

WASHINGTON, June 25.—Germana in
Crimea have caused @ revolution by
which the Tartar Assembly has been
dissolved, accarding to advices reaching
the State Department to-day from Vo-
logda, based on the reports of a news-
paper observer who recently returned
from southern Russia.

He says the liberal group supported
Gen. Sulkovitch, who has been
head of the Government,
dominated by the Germans.

 

Vv

RIVALRY FOR WILSON STREET.

Paris Councillors Vie for Honor
for Districte—Rue Royale Leads.

Paris, June 25.—Now that the pro-
posal to name a street or avenue in Paris
after President Wilson has been def-
inttely introduced in the Municipal Coun-
cil and referred to the committee which
handles such questions, there is great
rivalry between the Councillore, every
one of whom Is anxious that a thorough-
fare in his ward should be thus honored.

Many support the choice of Rue
Royale, arguing that the name is now an
anachroniem and that the street itself ts
appropriate, ag it leads to Place de la
Concorde, To name this etreet after Mr,
Wilson, they say, would be a suitable
honor to the President, who has sought

to establish universal concord by a #o-!to keop the troops in touch wit hap-
ciety of nations, ; ; | Peninge at home, ane

 

 

made
and who is

 

Army in France Wants Home News

Paris, June 25.—Representatives here
of the “ommittee on Public Information
have requested that 500 words of Amerl-
can news be cabled daily from Washing-
ton for distribution to the American
army. The news will be received In Paris
and then bulletined to the various units
of the American Expeditionary Forces

raids

{ the

,

ee a a es es

CANADIAN HOSPITAL
BOMBED BY ENEMY

 

 

German Fliers Drop Explosives |

on Plainly Marked

spas
Buildings.

Lonpon, June 25.—Priaoners were

, taken by the French to-day in small

hetween the Olse and the Aisne
and there was spirited artillery fire in
Various sectors south of the Aisne, Paris
reports to-night. Field Marshal Haig
has nothing of interest to report.

North of the Aisne yesterday the Ger-
mans attacked the

positions recently

| won by the French northeast of Le Port,

but made no !mpression upon them.
East of Amiens, near Villers-Breton-
neux, a futile German attack was rade
last night. At Neuville-Vitagse Cana-
dian trocps in a raid took twenty-two
prisonets and @ix machine guns.

The Germane last night bombed a
Canadian hospital, which sneltered
thousands of wounded during the fight-
ing last March. Canadian nureea, doc-
tors and officer patients were among
nuniber of those who were killed

{or seriously wounded.

Roofs Plainly Marked

The Canadians have occupied the site
for more than eighteen months. The
roofs were painted with great red crosseg
and the buildings have never been used
for milltary purposes since the war be-
gan. German squadrons,
often flown over it in daylight
have hitherto dropped no
the buildings,

Last night one three-story wing, which
vas about 200 yards long, caught fire
after being cut clean in half by a huge
bomb. Bravely the staff of the hospital
etarted to rescue helpleas patients cut
off by the flames in an adjacent wing.
Doctors and orderlies brought them
through shattered windows and down
ladders to safety.

The first bomb went through two
floors and into the operating room where

raids,
bombs near

j} tho nicht staff was working on some |

urgent cares that had just arrived.

Operating Staff Ruried.

The operating etaff, including nureges,

was buried under an avalanche of de-|

bris and in a few
operating section was a flaming tomb.
Bursting tubes of ether and hydrogen
added to the ghaastliness of the sight.

Fortunately two other surgical teama
had just halted !n their work and had
gone to mess for midnight supper or the
casualty list of doctors and nurses
would have been much heavier.

Some of the personnel whose quarters
were on the top floor of the wrecked
Luilding had marvelous eacapes. One
corporal, who slept directly over the
operating theatre, was blown free by
the first explosion. He was left isolated
on a burning beam, however, and was
only rescued with difficulty by means
of ropes and ladders. Although badly
scratched he worked heroically in sav-
Ing the patients

Following are the official statements:

FRENCH (NIGHT)—Between the
Ojse and the Alane raids enabled us to
take prisoners. The artillery activity
was spirited In various sectors south
of the Aisne, particularly in the region
of Silly-la-Poterie.

FRENCH (DAY)—North of the
Aisne, after a violent bombardment
and grenade fighting, the enemy at-
tacked the position recently gained by
us northeast of le Port. The French
positions were maintained In their en-
tirety. The artillery activity was
rather lively in the region of Fave-
rolles and Courcy (between the Aisne
and the Marne).

French troops carried out In the
Woevre and in Lorraine three surprise
attacks, from which they brought back
twenty prisoners.

BRITISH (NIGHT)—Nothing
special interest has occurred,

BRITISH (DAY)—Canadian troops
raided the enemy's trenches last night
at Neuville-Vitasse and brought back
twenty-two prisoners and six machine
guns. A few prisoners and a machine
gun were captured by us in a success-
ful raid south of the Scarpe.

The hostile artillery has been active
during the night between Villers-
Bretonneux and Morlancourt, eouth of
Avion (Lens region) and west of Mer-
ville (Flanders front), gas shells be-
ing freely employed.

GERMAN (Day)—The artillery
fire, which had been moderate through-
out the day, increased in the evening
on isolated sectors, Reconnoltring ac-
tvity continued lively,

South of the Scarpe and on the west
bank of the Avre we captured pris-
oners. After strong artillery prepara-
tion the enemy attacked with several
companies on the north bank of the
Alsne, but was repulsed by counter
ahrusts,

The number of American and French
prisoners brought in yesterday morn-
ing east of Badonviller has increased
to more than sixty,

of

   

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 26,

ae ee

—  —_————

 

which have:

minutes the whole;

P or : ’ , o " wes ’
eae a Ate CTA aa c :
Witaat SEF ew Me hE rth wy

ed

 

KUEHLMANN SEES
NO PEACE BY ARMS

Continued from Firat Page.

 

4 prior concession by giving a statement |
on the Belgian question, which would |
bind us without in the least binding the
enemy.

“In Austria-Hungary that brilllant
mpresentative of her foreign policy,
Count Czernin, retired because of intef-
nal political reasons. His successor,
Baron Burian, i¢ a well tried diplomat,
whose loyalty, friendship and devotion |
to the alliance were assured from the
Outset. The personal and cordial col-
laboration which existed in the case of
Count Czernin and which contributed to
the final settlement and solution of all
questions, also exists in the case of
Baron Burian.

“It is also to be reckoned among
Baron Burian's services that an inter-
view between the two Ennperors occurred
at main headquarters which history will
record #8 momentous in shaping the re-
lations vetween Germany and Austria-
Hungary. Both the Emperors, tn the
presence of leading statesmen, assured
each other solemnly that they would not
only loyally abide by the existing al-
Hance, but that they also intended to
strengthen, widen and deepen It in pollt-
ical, milltary and economic directions,

} “Pursuant to the expression of the will
of these two august personages, respon-
sible statesmen forthwith entered into
corresponding negotiations. During his
visit to Berlin, Baron Burian discussed
| the fundamental questions thoroughly in
conferences with the Chanceilor, the ex-
change of views being carried on fur-
ther in writing. They probably will
be continued on the occasion of the
Rebiich ad ats return visit to Vienna.
|

 

|
| “With Bulgaria too, recent events, ¢s-
pecially the peace negotiations, have

of invaders, but it is| facilitated the drawing closer of many
ish and French allies, have attacked with success the| known that Italian cavalry, with some infantry, has|pereonal and poiltical ties,

|
Feels Sure of Balgaria. |
It ia a mat-
ter of regret, which the German public
shares, that Premier Ra toslavoff, who
bas been a pillar of our alliance, re-
cently reetgned for internal political
reasons. The explicit assurances of his
Rucceasor and the exalted personality of
the @reat statesman who wears the Bul-
@arian crown are a guarantee to us that
j there will be no change in the policy
hitherto followed.”

Dr. von Kuehlmann again went over
the question of the Dobrudja, which is
the subject of negotiations between
Turkey and Bulgaria, and added:
| “But there does not exist any confilct
ian interest between us and Turkey,”
!
|
{

 

To Confer at Constantinople,

Dr. von Kuehlmann announced that
within the next few days a conference
would be held at Constantinople where
the questions that had arisen between |

the Quadruple Alliance and “the Cau-
casian people’ would “find a sBettle-
; ment.”

{ Dealing with the question of Voland,
| Dr. von Kuehtmann said that not only
l was the Polish question Inherently a dif-
IAcult one, but the almost inseparable
jconnection between {it and the solution
| of the economic questions existent be-
(tween Austria-Hungary and Germany {|
{had so far prevented the attainment of}
| a definite result.
|} “I believe, however,” sald the Foreign |
| Minister, “that before there are general |
\ peace négotiations in Europe, the zealous
lefforts of the statesmen concerned will
freeult in their succeeding in finding 4
| solution acceptable to all parties.”
! “In south Russia,” Dr. von
Imann said, “our occupation of the Cri-
|mea gave rise to certain Incidents re-
/apecting the Russian fleet, but these
jhave been satisfactorily settled,
\ England Aw Abettor of War.
| “England's attitude in the days before
ithe outbreak of the war waa bound to
{strengthen Russia's desire for war. Of|
ithis there are proofs enough in the doc-
luments already published.
| “On the other hand, Germany did not
‘for an instant believe that this war,
could lead to the domination of Europe, |
|much less to the domination of the
world, On the contrary, the German);
{policy before the war showed good pros- |
| pects of being able satisfactorily to!
reolize ite essential aims, namely, the |
‘settlement of affairs in the East and |
Colonial problems by peaceful eae
|

Kuehl- |
|

tion.”

The Foreign Secretary said an agree-
tment had been reached whereby the for-
tifeations on the Aland Islands, In the
Raltic were to be removed, but that a
/final decision had not yet been reached
regarding the future of the islands.
4 “We hope and desire, however, Dr.
von Kuehlmann said, “thia question will
he so settled that the maximum euar-
{antee can be given that to the advan-
| tage of all dwellers on the Baltic coast
\the non-employment of the islands for
| military gourposes may be assured for
i all time.”

Russin Still in Ferment.

With reference to Russia, Dr. von
iKuhImann said: “It is impossible to he-
| lieve that the @reat process of fermenta-
jtion and wild, irregular movement of
‘conflicting forces, which the disappear-
ance of the czaristic power released, has
reached permanent equilibrium. All con-
ditions in the former empire of the Czar
must to a certain extent be described as
uncertain. Our policy, in view of this
situation, {s elose observation and ut-
most caution and, so far aa purely in-
jternal affairs are concerned, correspond-
ingly wise roserve.

“The leaven of national fermentation
within the Russian body politic led to
the detachment and severance of a whole
series of entities, which have partly at-
tained full national status pnd are
partly developing toward that end.

‘In Finland the battle has heen de-
cided In favor of the party which was
striving for Finland's independence. The
soll of Finland has been cleared of Red
Guards, and everything points to Fin-
land being about to develop that high
culture which is hers in the form of an
independent state."

The secretary snid that the number of
German troops which participated in the
battles in Finland at the latter's re-
quest was amall, ‘but that they un-
doubtedly contributed their share in
shaping events.

Explains Breet-Litoveak Treaty.

“By the treaty of Brest-litovsk,” con-
tinued Dr. von Kuehlmann, “Courland
and Lithuania were severed from the
Russia Empire. It was from the outset
clear to the negotiatiors that the partl-
tion of the Baltic region by the line
fixed in the peace treaty was bound to
create an extraordinarily diMcult situa-
tion. It was hard for the Lettish popu-
lation to endure the prospect of being
cut up.

“The historical internal cohesion of
the entire Baltic region suggested at
that time objectiona against the possi-
bility of a lasting separation between
Livonia, Esthonla and Courland, But
conditions arising from the difficult
situation created, on the one part, by
the complete diasolution of the Russian
atate and, on the other, for us by the
desire and necessity of arriving at cer-
tain settlement In the East, involved
for us the necessity of concluding peace
ae it was done.

“In agreement with the entire Ger-
man public we resolved to give ear to
TAvonia'® appeal for help and replace
the reign of terror carried on by the
Red Guards by a reign of peace and
order, The Inhabitants of these prov-
inces, mindful of the misgovernment
and terrible sufferings which they must
SASUe, turned to the German authori-
ties.

“The Imperial Government from the
outset took the standpoint that it was

>

a

eC

 

 

1918.

highly destrable, before finally giving | garded by others as a peace offensive, |

diplomatic recognition to the States
which detached themselves from the for-
mer Russian Empire, to come to an
understanding with Russia as to the
form recognition of such States should
take, This line of conduct will not be
departed from.”

In discussing the situation in the Near
Eaet, Dr. von Kuehimann said:

“In her advance from territories fall-
{ng to her under the treaty of Brest-
Litovsk, Turkey, for reasons of safety,
pushed the left wing of her advancing
troopa into regions which indubitably
could not be permanently occupied or
annexed. The ciiefs of staff have dis-
cussed this matter and the Turkish ad-
vance in the Caucasus has estopped.”

Dr. von Kuehlmann, referring to the
various governments formed in the
Caucasus region, sat:

“Turkey, in the Brest-IAtovak treaty,
having received the promise of regaining
the districts which she lost In 1877 to the
Russlans, found herself obliged quite
recently by the strategic developments
in upper Mesopotamia to utilize the
Batum-Tabris-Julfa line of communica-
tion across the Aderbijan region of Per-
sia to the Tigris Valley.”

After referring to the diecussion which
had taken place with the Soviet Govern-
ment, Dr. von Kuehlmann sald that a
conference waa about to take place in
Berlin under his presidency, at which
an attempt would be made to bring
about friendly agreenient on all points
still pending.

“I can express the hope that the dis-
cussions will completely correspond with
the requirements and wishes of the
populations there and the Interests of
the German people,’ the Secretary
added. “I will not go more closely into
the future of Courlanaé and Lithuania,
which he mainly within the dontein of
the Home Department.”

Tribute to Neutrals.

tribute
had
everything to mitigate the suffering of
wounded prisoners, and which had “of-
fered if need be the hospitality of their
countries for a discussion between the
belligerents.”

He added:

itueh!Imann
States,

Von
neutral

Dr.
the

to
done

paid
which

“Any fears that some
change might occur in the strict ob-
servance of Spanish neutrality appear
to be at present in no way justified.
In America some emall States, under the
ever increasing pressure of the United
States, have jolned the enemy ranks,
but no substantial changes tn the po-
sition have taken place. The Imperial
Government's policy is to do everything
that can be done to render impossible
the entry of further neutral Btates into

the ranks of our enemies,”

 

pene mene rr rye

 

AUSTRIA’S FUTURE
HANGS IN BALANCE

Country's Newspapers Acree
That Dual Monarchy Is in
Terrible Dilemna.

—<

CANNOT APPEASE POLES

 

as a trap, or as something false for the!
purpoge of sowing disunton between the
Allies, so long as every attempt at
rapproachment is at once violently de-
nounced by the enemies of a rapproach-
ment in the various countries, so long
will it be {impossible to see how any
exchange of ideas leading to peace can
be begun.

“Our position on the battlefields, our
enormous military resources and the sit-
uation and determination at home, per-
mit us to use auch languace. We hope
that our enemies will perceive that in
view of our resources the idea of victory
for the Entente is a dream, an filusion,
and that they will in due course find a
way to approach us with peace offers
which will corraspond with the situation
and eatisfy Gerinahy's vital needs.”

ANOTHER GERMAN
PEACE OFFENSIVE

Speech Only Bait for Propo-
sals From West.

 

Party Control One Solu-
tion Suggested.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sr
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved

Lonpon, June 26.—-Austrian news.
papers received from Zurich are wnan'.
moun in regard to the extreme gravity
of the political situation din the Pat
Morarchy. The Zeit of Vienna says tie
future of the empire will depend spon
its Immediate solution, while the Nicva
Frete Prease admits that Austria js i9
a terrible dilemma as she cannot carry
on without a Pariiarnent and a Jirito-
ment fe imposaible with or without the
Von Seydier Government.

Austria will not have a parliametary
majority unlesa she obtains the support
of the Polish parties, which, however,
will oppose the Government unless tier.
many accepts the Austrian solution of
the Polish question. This ta what, o
cording to the Berlin newspapers, (iv
many told Baron Burian, the Austro-
Hungarian Foreign Minister, that
would not do.

The outlook appears hopeless ‘Tue
Fremdenblatt says an effort wil! be
made to settle the erteis by estailishirs
a business Ministry free from party co
trol. The return of Count Caernin, we
former Foreign Minister, to power Ss
considered possible.

WABHINQTON, June
latest declaration of war alms, as enun-
clated yesterday in the Berlin Reichstag

by Dr. von Kuehlmann, Minister for
Foreign Affaira, was regarded to-day by
officiala here as merely another pt ase in
Germany's old cycle of military drives
and peace offensives,

In the offictal view, Dr. von Kuehl-
mann’‘a only new contribution was the
attempt to fasten principal responsibility
for planning the war upon Kuseia, the
only great nation whore power has been
broken by the Teutonic military and
propaganda machines, Since Germany
previously had contended that England
and, to a lesser degree, France were
responsible for tre hostilities, thia move
by the Minister only served to strengthen
the belief that a main purpose of the
speech was to Invite peace proposale
from the west, although no mention was
made of peace negotiations. ‘

The view here Is that, having reached
as far westward as its army was able,
in the last drive, and fearing a substan-
tlal loss of Italian territory occupled by
Austria as the result of the brilliant
counter offensive by Gen. Dias, Ger-
many was renewing Ite old effort to hold
{ts {ll gotten gains by proposing peace
negotiations before the tide began to set

 

25.—Germany’s

Business Ministry Free From

WHIP HAND IS HELD
BY AUSTRIAN POLES

 

the Germans the Initiative in France.
and he continued: “We can hope that
the summer and autumn will bring to
our arms a new and great success,

tente diplomats as deaigned to encour-
age the pacifiat elements In the Entente
countries to hope for more favorable!
terms of peace than they would other- |

too strongly against her, and at the ’ oe
same time pacify the uneasy elements in| Cabinet Crisis Traced to
Germany and Austria which have been Cracow Resolution.
clamoring for peace. Rr eens

The attempt to fasten upon Russia , Ren fPowK Uh
principal responsibility for the war, with Special Cable Tae nie eeu e catcin

Copyright, 1018; all rights reseri ed

tion, Instantly was interpreted by En- THR Hacur, June 25.—The Calinet

crisis in Austria does not cause any sur-
prise here. Ut has been foreseen ever
since the Cracow resolution was adopted

Austria's “Noteworthy Success.’

“The Austro-Iungarian army also has
in a dashing onslaught attacked the
Italian positions and achieved note-
worthy successes and pinned down large
and important enemy forces on that
front. :

“When one makes a wide survey of
events one must ask whether the war,
according to human calculations, will
last beyond the autumn or the winter
or beyond next year.
mon {dea among the people that the
length of the war !s something abso-
lutely new, as if the authoritative quar-
ters had in our time nevar reckoned on
This

There is a com-

a very
rect.”

Dr. von Kuehlmann quoted Von
Moltke, who in 1890 In the Reichstag
said that if war broke out ite duration
and end could not be calculated.

“Despite the brilliant success of our
arms,” continued the Secretary, “there
has been nowhere clearly recognizable
Among our enemies readiness for peace
The German Government has repentedly
laid down its standpoint in declarations
intended for the widest publicity. Our
enemies have nothing to show that can
in any degree compare with the German
pence offer, with the resolution of this
house, or with the reply to the Papal
note.

“The declarations of our enemies, es-
pectaliy of English statesmen, allow aa
yet no peaceful ray of light to fall on
the darkness of this war."

Referring to Mr. Balfour's speech, tn
which the British Foreign Secretary
said that Germany had unchained the
war to achieve world domination, Dr.
von Kuehlmann said:

“I do not believe that any responsible
man in Germany, not even the Kaiser or
the members of the Imperial Govern-
ment, ever for a mament believed they
could win the domination of Europe by
starting this war. The idea of world
domination in Europe !s a Utopia, as
proved by Napoleon. The nation which
tried it wonld, as happened to France,
dleed to death in useless battle and
would be mast grievously injured and
lowered in her development. One may
here apply Von Moltke's phrase, ‘Woe
to him who sets Europe afire.'

long war idea is incor-

Germany Needed No War.

“At no moment of our later history
Was there less occasion for us to start
or contribute to the starting of a con-
flagration than the moment in which it
occurred. In a former debate 1 pointed
out that the absolute integrity of the
German Empire ‘and its allies formed
the necessary prerequisite condition for
entering into a peace discussion or ne-
gotiations, That is our position to-day.

“From England the reproach {s con-
Stantly made that we are not prepared
on a hint from England to estate our at-
titude publicly on the Belgian question
On this point the fundamental views of
the Imperial Government differ from
those ascribed to us by English states-
men. We regard Belgtum as one ques-
tion in the entire complex We must,
however, decline to make, ae it were, a
prior concession by giving’ a statement
on the Belgian question which would
bind us, without In the least binding the
enemy.

“Mr. Balfour, moreover, by way of
precaution, has added that we must in
no way imagine that any agreement on
the Belgian question exhausts the stock
of English or Entente wishes, He pru-
dently abstained from describing those
boints In which he jntends to announce
more far-reacning claims or destres. Tha
supposition is not unjustified by pre-
vious experiences that while these words,
on the one hand, were addressed to
Parts, on the other hand covetous de-
sires floated across the Mediterranean
to the parts of Valestine and Mesopo-
tamia at present occupied by the British
troops,

Long Dirtance Dlecussions,

“T hear already the justification which
will be duly given for such desires;
namely, that England could not possibly
make such sacrifices of blood and
treasure without reserving for herself
most of the gains.

“As regards the probable course of
eventa the Imperial Chancellor and I
have previously declared that in the
present stage of development ad-
vances on the road to peace can hardly
any longer be expected from public
statements which we shout to each other
from the speaker's tribune. We too
can adopt the worde spoken by Mr.
Asquith,”

He quoted from Mr. Asquith’s apeech
of May 16, In which the’ former
Premier said the British Government
would not turn a deaf ear to a peace
proposal !f it was not couched in am-
biguous terms.

“We likewise,” he added, ‘can make
the same declaration, knowing that it is
also our polley. Once the moment ar-
rives—when, I cannot prophesy—that
the nations which are at present locked
in battle will exchange peace viewa one
of the preliminary conditions must be a
certain degree of mutual confidente in
each other's honesty and chivalry,

“For so long as every overture is re-

Speaking of the military situation the | the broad intimation that to Russia must
Secretary sald that victories had given| the Central Powers look for compensa-

india,

Information was also received to-day
from German interned officers that In
letters recently received from Germany

by the Poles rendering a comproimss
between the Austrian Government and
the Poles practicaliy impossible.

The conservative section of the Doles
strove hard to obtain concessions that
would render a parliamentary session
possible without a ertsis, but even the
demanded from the Government a firm
declaration that east Galicia should pot
be sqparated from west Galicta. Tremier
von Seydler pointed out that suco @
mearure could be taken ouly by the or-
dinary constitutional method, nainels,
by a two-thirds majority of both houses
of the Reichsrat. The Poles insist

AWAITING WILSON and demanded a positive declaration
that the division of Galicia woul
l}excluided permanently.
| This demand involved all kinds c?

difficulties, as such a declaration

wise have a right to expect, and of,
course to weaken thelr own Govern-
ments by their agitation for a negoti-
ated peace.

The complete text of the speech was
awalted with intereat, but {t was pre-
dieted In Entente circles here that thie
new peace offensive, like preceding oner,
would fall, and that the Entente Allies
and America would continue to prose
eute the war to a victorious conclusion.

 

 

 

 

 

 

jralse problems connected = wit
| Brest-Litovsk peace treaty aid there-
Continued from First Page fore would affect ail the Central :
aes the division of Galicla having been ae
along whatever lines they deem bene- | ready decided.
ficial to their own welfare. : Q \ Agreement With Ukraine.
Conferences on the Russian situation ;
here and abroad have made it clear that! After the first excitement ever tos

the Enten‘te Allies and the United States, cession of Cholm to the Ukraine bad
stand ready and willing to help the Rus- | sanency epee ne ee aera
sian people, They are agreed in prin- ") d herse ¥ agrer-
ciple that it is their duty and also to the! ment with the representatives of ‘>a
interes: of free peoples of the future that | Ukraine republic ‘to earry into effect
they stand by Russla in her present hour , by legal methods the division of (ia
descence of drilling, seditious speaking, | into two parts’ and to make aut :
outrages and midnight ralds for arms. pMmous crown lands of east Galicia
When he and Viscount French went to) Bukovina.
Ireland, he added, they came to the con- | Premier Von Wekerle of Wiungary a’-
clusion that as 8 preliminary to any | rey Uae a few day S AgO) news. zt
of distress. But it ts not easy to puciee Peat te Lesa ioe pen ARTE
wow ne sraine KRhepubie a mt

  

and

into effect a definite plan, it is explained,
until the people most directly concerned | 44d been decided upon in pris
—the Russians themselves—are heard | Brest-Litovsk, Replying to a 4
from. {he added that the treaty with t
The President and Secretary Lansing | nadinot yet pean PRE Red bu ble ily
have had many conferences lately with | deny the fact mentioned.
representative Russian patriots, and! Premier Von Sesdier has ta: POR
Boris Bakhmeteff, the Russian Ambas- | N#ance of the Brest-Litovsk ago ue is
sador here, has been engaged in seeking | 42d has subscribed to then s
to help his countrymen, Entente lead- | S8Tound the Poles demand his
ers have also had the counsel and ad-|#nd the annulment of the ac:
vice of prominent Russians, and this} ade with the Ukraine so
general exchange of views has brought concern Galicia. Baron Fu ’
much valuable information for future} tian Foreign Minister, endey
uve. return to the path abandoned bs

 

he (xr a

 

   

The time appears to be drawing nearer, CZernin, the former Foreign
when some definite plan of assisting and to resume the position that t)
Russian may be agreed upon and ‘an- tlement of the ractal prolems of .\ -
nounced, Hungary ware exclusively an ‘-

 

Hungarian affair.
Seydler's Position Nifficalt,

But, meantime, proposais for -
| Notwithstanding this, the position of

ture military expeditions into Siberia do
not appear to have gatned headway. It
is probable that should any such plan be
undertaken, the United States would
neither indorse nor be a party to !t. The
United States, {t oan be stated, regards
“assistance to Russia” and a “military
expedition into Siberia" as two very di¢-
ferent things,

One encouraging sign 1s that the Rus-
sians themselves, with the exception of
the pro-German HBolsheviki, are begin-
ning to realize the importance of ac-
cepung disinterested ald from the United
States and the Iintente. Messages in-
dicating this have reached here in great

Premier Von Seydiler is extre:
Acult. It is known that strong
tion exists in the Von Seydier Cabi:
against any further Jeng governme:t
Without a Parliament. Before Von Se:
ler's resignation it was pointed
the German press that the greatest
deed the only, anxiety of the Aus'r
Government was the food prolven
litical questions shrank into a min
aition before it.

It was suid that Von Seydier still «
templated negotiating with the part!

 

OPPs =

out

 

 

 

vag he mer seesio of

numbers. That the situation will be ad- ine pana (st & pate Bene: Rete ;
vanced along satisfactory Ines in time sively ve na aa tg mai Ae {

for the President to make an important han ae DEAS RAD RRR R BO
statement on the situation July 4 aunt ons Heo wished to) postpone "
was the conviction in official and diplo- Pee een ene AR ie pinale. S
matic circles to-day, MIN WE ous PIB: SAORU LSE
3 oS Ses ai food supplies the Austrian Government
could reckon on for the coming winter

GERMANS ADMIT 1918 FAILURE, ; "til then Von Seydler hoped to inain
tain his posttion

Herr Sander, a

Lurid Promises Prepare People for

member from Ruda-

pest, and chairman of the National \s-

Another War Year, Rociation of Merchants, speaking in the
Wasninoton, June 25.—Germany ts Hugarian Variiament June 18, violently
r Ing h attacked Germany ino connection with
preparing her people for failure to win] the proposed econoniec arrangement be-

the war this year by an extensive propa-
ganda setting forth that in the event
German armies are not able to overrun
France this year, the situation next year
will be still better for Germany than it
was at the beginning of the present of-
fensive and that a movement will be
made then to put France entirely out of
the war.

A summary of the propaganda reached
the State Department to-day through a

|
neutral country. It suggests that a
|

tween Germany and the dual empire.

His attack was based mainly on whr
he openly described as German a
loyalty and dishonesty. He sald the:
Germans have queer notions of loya’’
They respect private property at hi
he said, but the moment they leave '!
own country they forget everyt! > 3
about loyalty, and lay hands on cve
thing tn eight, whether it be their os
or their enemies’ or their allies

The Germans, he said, prevented 1!
gary from exporting wine to Sweden
before the war, going so far as to +
Hungarian commercial travellers ila
speech was frequently interrupted
especially when he made charges «f }oJ
faith against Germany.

As s00n as Germany signed a tres!
of peace with the Ukraine, he gai +
eold that country out. Count har
remarked after Werr Sander!
finished that ha never in his lif
heard delivered so violent an
against Germany.

VIENNA IS DEJECTED.

mans released from the army after the
war will be able to give impetus to
German submarine construction that will
effset what the Americans and tnglish
can do to build up thelr commerce. It
fays also after the present war Ger-
many will be able to inaugurate a cain-
paign and successfully attack Egypt and

a decided change in public opinion is
shown regarding prowess of the Central
Powers and great surprise is caused by
the attitude of American soldiers of Ger-
man origin, who are loyal to the cause

 

 

of the Allies, German Presa Sarcastlo Over Ke-
eT NT verses of Austrian Arg).
Roman Legion Here Rejoices, Geneva, June 25.--La Suissa sur
Dr, Antonio Stella, president of the | learns the Austrian defeat In Tta's
Noman Legion of America, made up of | caused profound defection in View

citizens of Itallan blood and organized
combat enemy

where demonstrations are taking
in the streets, and at Prague,
the inhabitants are demanding p:
The German newspapers are sa!
converning the retreat of the Aust

to propaganda, sent a
cable message to the American mbasay
at Rome yesterday, apking that the le-

gion's congratulations on the Italian vic-

tory be transmitted to Gen, Diaz, and | As an example, the Nonstans Aes

Wishing “continued suceess tn the won- | asks “Must German trotps le

derful achievements of the Itallan ar-| ijuually diverted from the iy
western front tuo boleter up onr we

 

ation,”

mies in the cause of freedom and civiliz-
j aives PY

  

 

Soninbacanat~.

AE