a

  

eae

 

444

DWINSK SURVIVORS

TELL OF TORPEDOING

 

Fired On in Boats by Riflemen
on American Transport,
They Charge.

 

WERE IN BOATS 84 HOURS

oa eee

Submarine, Watching for Res-
cuing Vessel, Accompanied
Them for One Day.

 

Torpedoed without warning hundreds
of miles at sea, forty-five members of
the Eritish troopship Dwinsk, who had
to abandon thelr ship after an immense
hole had been torn in her side and
passed three and a half days In the life-
boats on a diet of hard tack and water,
were landed yesterday in New York
from an American transport which res-
cued them. They were tuken to the
Seaman's Institute, 25 South street.

Bernard White, 19, who has been at
gen three and a half years since British
recruiting officers told him he was too
young for army service, was a stoker
on the ill-starred vessel. His descrip-
tion of her sinking was vivid:

“It was close to 9:20, on a bright
lear Tuesday morning. There was litile
wind and scarcely a ripple on the sea.
1 was washing up in the wash room
after coming off watch in the stokehold

when suddenly there was a loud ex-
plosion which shook the ship.

@ushes to Deck Through Dark.

“I knew what was up because we had
heard that the subs were about and
other boys who have been torpedoed
more than ofce had told me how it felt
at mess. So I dropped everything and
ran below to my bunk, where I slipped
into a life belt and grabbed my coat.

“The ship took a sharp list to port
end I had a hard job getting above
again, as the lights all went out. But
I did and ran to No. 10 lifeboat,

“Before we lowered away I could see
that the Dwinsk had got !{t on the port
side below the No. 12 boat, for that
boat was blown away in bits and the
decks were smashed up.

“In five minutes all the boats were
clear of the ship except Capt. Nelson's.
He left her last. All of the crew got
away. There were seven lifeboats all
told and we rowed clear of the ship, as
we knew she was an old boat and
thought she wouldn't last long.

“I didn't see my pal, Will Sheridan,
who lives in Liverpool, after that. I
think he's one of the missing. There
was a full crew, counting officers, of
148 men.”

Young White is a Liverpool boy. His
father was killed fighting !n France,
@n older brother, who was in the navy,
was killed when the British attempted
to take Gallipoli, and another brother
fe with the British army in France.

While he was telling his story other
@urvivors of the torpedoed veseel
grouped themselves around him and his
interviewer in the reading room of the
Seaman's Institute. ,

“When we pulled away from the
ahip,’’ he resumed, ‘‘we heard that every
One got clear and about 2,000 yards
off the port beam of the ship we could
gee the submarine. She circled about
us eome time and then came in closer
and we could see the men on her decks.

“She was about as high out of water
as a destroyer and about as long. She
was 275 or 300 feet long. Am T right?’
looking about the circle of faces.

“Aye.” was the chorus. “Right 'o.
More than 300. She had a broad beam.”

Coald Hear U-Boat's Motors,

"We heard,’ continued White, “tho
thud of her motors and then her Cap-
tain, who was on deck in oilskins, yelled
in clear English to a couple of our
oats nearest to him. Ship your oars!’
We were close enough to hear that. He
was a big man. All of them we saw
were, and they were decent enough too.

“What ship ts that?’ he asked.

“They told him and then he told us
to stand clear and when all of the life-
boats were away the submarine trained
dts two long six inch guns on the Dwinsk
and fired nineteen rounds at her. Only
eight of the nineteen shells hit her.
Rotten shooting, what?”

At this point Joe McKay, 22, and his
brother Robert, a year older, took up
the story. The younger brother did the
talking. “He explained that both boys
were born in this city at 50 East Fif-
tleth etreet, but that their families
moved to England some ycars ago.

“No one, ” he said, “was Iilled by the
torpedo. When the sub began to fire at
the ship she didn’t hit her until the
fourth shot. Then they began to get her.
First they got the smoke boxes and
clouds of smoke belched up, and then
there were explosions as the ehells
found the boilers, and finally they got
the mazazine.

“When that exploded the ship canted
sharp to the stern and you could hear
the rattle of duffle and the roll of the
winches as they slid down the deck.
The bows went higher and higher unttl
she was standing on her stern, and then
she went under.

“All this time the submarine had been
standing off watching her finish, and
after sne went down the sub sailed right

_ @ver her and made off to the eastward.

As she went one of the sub crew waved
@ handkerchief at us.

“When she had gone Capt. Nelson got
the boats together, ordered us to raise
our sails and gave us our course, which
was northwest,

Fired On by Transport’s Riflemen.

“We were just stretching out on a
long reach when some one saw a fast
American transport steaming up from
the southeast. It wasn’t over half an
hour later when she came abreast of us
and let us have a volley of rifle fire
and then showed us her heels.

“No one was hit, and it wasn't but a
few minutes before the submarine which
eunk the Dwinsk came back again. The
captain of the sub thought that he'd
eet another ship !f he kept along with
us, I guess, for he followed us all the
rest of the day, keeping between five
of the lifeboats, which were the best
sailers and two which had dropped be-
hind.

“The sun was awful that day, and as
most of us had only had time to put on
trousers and singlets (sleeveless shirts)
we got a bad dose of sunburn. There
Wasn't much water and we had to get
along with one swallow apiece and two
Discuits apiece until we were picked up.

“On Tuesday night it began to rain
and there was a cold fog and we shiv-
ered through it. Early Wednesday
morning about 3 o'clock we passed a
ship in the fog and could have heaved
a biscuit aboard. But we were afraid
she was the sub again, and as we had
lost sight of two of the boats in the
night we weren't taking chances on hay-
fhe the sub captain change his mind
and flre on us,

“We sailed northwest all day Wednes-
day and hailed out the boat all the time,
One swallow of water don't go fur, and
all we had to eat was two biscuits to a
man that day. Thursday was the same,
and it was shiver and bail,

Then on Vriday morning about 7
o'clock we sighted the American trans-
port ~—-—-- and signalled her with life
rockets, which give a red elare. Fora
long time she wouln't come near us, as

a

LORI AVM MSE ARS

.

the thought we were a submarine 4ie-
Gulsed as lifeboats with masts and sails.
At last she circled around us and then
came in close and picked us up.

“At that time we were only two-of the
boats of the seven started. We lost
track of three others Thureday nigtt.
When we were picked up we had sailed
about 207 miles in the open boats.”

 

|

LOAFERS’ DRAGN
READY

 

|Somme Veteran Loses Discharge.| Uselessly Employed Must Reg-

James Byrne, 18, an assistant baker
on the Dwinsk, who {s a veteran of the
battle of the Somme and who has an
ugly shrapnel wound in his .side,
scribed his experience, which closely
{Paralleled the stories of White and Mc-
‘Kay. He said that he had lost all of his
{belongings on the ship, as well as hi
army discharge papers. He sald he was
fighting In France when he was fifteen
years old, and would probably be at it
again a short time after he returns to
tngland without his discharge papers.

|

de- |

| AFFECTS MALES 18 TO 50jon a@ charge o

e;

i
{
'

|

Byrne said the Germans who were |

visible on the immense U-boat were all
big men, and they were good natured to
some extent.

“But,” he sald, “we had our fun with
them and they didn't know it. You
{know she was an old ship under charter
ito the British from the Scandinavian-
Peer ae a. Line. But ws had painted
her up and she looked as good as new,
{and when’ the eud was trafling us on
, Tuesday afternoon we toid ench other
j how sorry we were that we had lost such
a fine new boat.
different.

{

They never knew any | sistant

ister by July 1 or Risk
Being Nabbed.

 

Jim Smith Polishes Up His
Motor to Gather in Indus-
trial Sidesteppers.

 

“The Manhattan offices of the State
Industrial Commission are at 220 Fifth
avenue and 44 East Twenty-third street,
Gentiemen engaged in useless occupa-
tions will kindly take notice.”

The above, issued yesterday under the
hand afd by virtue of the office of As-
District Attorney Jim Smith,
means—if you are more than 18 years

“You know, we saw the torpedo before | old ‘and less than 50, and are not

it hit us and we were failing away
from it when we were hit. If it hadn't

|

holding down a regular job which di-
rectly or indirectly is of some service to

been for that quick work the boys tn the} your country—you. Jim's raiding clothes

stoke hold would have got It bad. As
it was, we were hit under the port
hatch and a bunker full of coal got the
worst of the blow. That’a the reason
it took her so long to go down.”

One of the most interesting of the

are being pressed at the tailors; his
mechanician has been all over his raid-
ing car. Promptly at midnight on June
30 Jim will start out to enforce the anti-
Juafing law which went on the statute
books on June 1, and for three days

survivors who were landed in New York; thoresfter he will be a conspicuous figure

yesterday was Jimmy Gill,
steward, who at first ftnsisted that he

ing admitted four years less a@ his cor-
rect uge. Jimmy has lost hia father and
his mother and hatis from Kirkdale,
Liverpoc!, where he has four gisters.
Incidentally he has been at sea before,
and said that this is hia second sub-
marine experience, ~—

Jimmy Scared! Oh, No!

“I was carrying some casez atong a
companionway on the saloon deck,” he
said, ‘when there was a big noise ana
the boat gave a quiver. I knew what ft
was and ran to No. 10 boat, and when 1
got to the deck she was in the water
and I slid down the falls !nto her.”

“Were you scared?” he was asked.

“No,” was the reply; “but I did get

tired balling water out of the

, awful
bloody lifeboat.”
Jimmy was wearing a nondescrim
outfit of trousers much too long for him

$e

and rolled up at the bottom, and a man’s
shirt underneath a biack = sleeveless
sweater, which the Red Cross had given
him as soon as the rescue ship entered
port.

When it was plain that the small knot
of survivors had talked themselves out
cigarettes were passed around and the
package was offered to Jimmy.

“You don't smoke, do you?” was the
question.

“No,” was the reply, as Jimmy
grinned, took four cigarettes and pro-
ceeded to smoke like a veteran.

 

Only 20 Miles from Dwinsk

A British steamship which was only
twenty miles from the transprt Dwinsk
when she was torpedoed arrived at an
Atlantic port yesterday. The _mefchant-
man had no guns aboard to defend her-
self from attack, and changed her course
and ran at top speed, ziggagging for the
American coast when she received
wireless warning that the Dwinsk had
been torpedoed.

 

FOUR SAVED FROM
LINCOLN PARALYZED

lll With Diphtheria When Big
Transport Was Sunk.

 

 

Special Despatch to Tue Svs,
BALTIMORE, June 25.—Four survivors

of the tfansport President Lincoln, sunk
by a German submarine, are at Fort
McHenry suffering from the effects of
diphtheria and their experiences in an

open lifeboat for fourteen hours. They
arrived yesterday afternoon by way of
an Atlantic port.

All four, sent from a French port, are
paralyzed. They were in a French base
hospital several weeks and were moved
wren it was thought they would recover
quicker !f sent to this country. There
were two other sick men aboard the Lin-
coln, but they were sent to Buffalo.

Private Joseph B. Cleveland of Bing-
hamton and De Forest A. Davis of
Breed, Wis., have recovered sufficiently
to tell of thelr experiences. Cleveland,
a National Army man from Camp Gor-
don, Ga., was in a boat next to the one
from which Lieut. Edouard M. Isaacs,
second officer of the Lincoln, was taken
by the Germans,

“We were in our bunks fn the hospital
ward when the word came that we were
torpedoed. It took but five minutes for
the six patients to be put into our rub-
ber suits and to be lowered into the
boats. Our physician, Dr. Whiteside,
went back to see that all the attendants
tad left. Before he could get back the
boat went down and we saw no more of
him.

“The submarine approached us after
about an hour. The German captain and
about a dozen men came to each boat
searching for our captain, Commander
Percy W. Foote. As they could not find
him, they took Lieut. Isaacs instead.

“One seaman, who was on a life raft,
was taken to the submarine, but in about
fifteen minutes was returned to a life-
boat. He told me later the Germans got
mad when he refused to give them any
information.”

Cleveland was so exhausted when he
was taken aboard a United States de-
stroyer that he could remember little of
what had occurred. Davis, however, was
able to observe what was going on.

“It was close on to midnigtt when the
destroyer came,” he gaid. “We were
taken aboard, and it was a mighty hard
job, aw many of us were tn pretty bad
condition. The officers and crew of the
destroyer were as solicitous as they
could be and gave up thelr bunks and
clothes to us,

“The Germans took pictures of us in
the boats, aud even came close enough
to ask some of the men to pose for
them. That was almost impossible in
the filmsy boats, and I doubt if anybody
would accommodate a German that
much anyhow.”

$1,000 BAIL FOR EDITORS.

Indicted Men to Be Arraigned in
Hearst Libel Case.

Judge McIntyre in General Sessions
yesterday fixed bail at §1,000 in the
criminal Hibel proceedings instituted by
Mrs. William Randolph Hearst against
Adolph 8. Ochs, proprietor of the New
York Times, and Errol E. Hart, assist-
ant night editor of the New York Trib-
une. '

The two defendants and othera in-
dicted will be arraigned on July 2 for
pleading. ’

 

 

 

Transport Service Needs Men.

Men of military age, Including those
in the draft, are wanted at once for duty
in the transport service of the Quarter-
master corps as checkers, clerks, stenog-
raphers, construction foremen and dock
men. Applications should be made to
Sergeant H. E. Hill, 729 Sixth avenue.
Drafted men must obtain letters from
their local boards stating that they are
not in the current quota,

{

i

assistant | all over town.

Mr. Smith was the only official,

Was 18 years old, but on closer question-| among the severul who have the enforce-

ment of the anti-loafing law in charge
for this borough, who would give any
inkling as to how comprehensive tts en-
forcement is likely to be. Commissioner
Enright was silent. So also was Sheriff
Knott. Inspector Cray also had nothing
for publication, but his smile, as he
looked out into Centre street, had a sig-
nificance not. to be mistaken.

Mr. Smith at first disclaimed any es-
pecial plany; then after thinking !t over
a minute or two, admitted that his plang
are all laid,

Will Visit Byways and Hedges.

He will start out equipped with a list
of places and persons and will visit
every corner of the city where the non-
working fraternity foregather and have
their haunts. His first stops are likely
to be along certain stretches of Bruad-
way and Seventh avenue, his last on the

 

|

1
!
1
!

. THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 26, 1918.

TRIES TO BUY WAY
INTO NAVY, HELD

 

FOR HAUL Rejected Applicant Offered

$25, le Charge.

 

Herman Woods, a young man ac-
cused of trying to bribe his way Into
the navy, together with David Schu-
pack, a navy recruit, who is awaiting

lis call to service, were arrested yester-
day, and both explaincl the circum-
stances which led to their being held

officer of the United States,

Wood, who is about 26 years old, sald
he was put in Class 1A by his local
draft board and that a watver was given
to him so he could enlist in the navy.
He was rejected at the navy recruiting
office in the Hall of Revords because of
defective eyesight. Thereupon he bor-
rowed $10 from Schupack and offered
it with $15 more to a recruiting officer
to pass him for service. The recruiting
officer, after preliminary negotiations
notified Federal cfficials.

Both men were committed to the
Greenwich atreet police station. They
will be arraigned to-day before Samu!
M. Hitchcock, United States Commis-
sioner.

The case is the firat of its kind. Fec-
eral officials were uncertain yesterday
whether to view it serfously or sym-
pathetically.

BIBLE PLEA DOES
SLACKER NO GOOD

Man Who “Honored”? Mother
Failed to Support Wife,
and Is Held.

 

Otto Bricke, $1, a civil engineer of
German birth, who urged the Fourth
Commandment as a reason for exemp-
tion from military service, was arrested
yesterday charged with violating the e#e-
lective service law by making false an-
swers in his questionnaire. He was
arraigned before Samuel M. Hitchcock,
Wnited States Commissioner, and held in
$2.500 bail for a hearing.

In his questionnaire Fricke declared
that he had a wife, mother and sister
dependent upon kim. No supporting af-
fidavits from those dependents were sub-
mitted, because, as he said, the depend-

shores of the Harlem River and in one ; ents were in Germany beyond the reach

or two nelghborhoods on
Heights.

Washington | of communications.
He will take tn not only the}an additional reason for exemption, the
places where the useless gentry gather | Fourth

He submitted, as

Commandment, “Honor thy

with others of their ilk, but will appear! father and thy mother,” and explained

also in the big hotels and at the offices! this with a note,

“T could not fight

of a number of concerns supposed to be] against those defending my mother.”

adjuncts to the theatrical profession.
The anti-loafing law, which allowed a
period of grace until July 1 for all men

Bonrd Investigated Case.
Fricke registered with Lecal Board

between the ages of 18 and 50 who were; No, 135, which meets at Columbia Uni-

not in useful jobs to find themselves | veraity.

The board became suspictous

worth while places, is looked on in Cen-! and an investigation of his case was be-

tre strect and at Police Headquarters as; gun

under the direction of Laurence

the most benign plece of legislation ever; Axman, Assistant United States Attor-

Spread upon a statute book.
the authorities a hold which they have

It gives| ney.

Fricke’s wife was found and she made

long lacked on various pests who prey | the complaint upon which he was ar-

in big and little ways on society in gen-| raigned

She deciared that his state-

eral, and they expect fully that its ac-; ment that he was paying her $720 a

tual operation from next Monday for-
ward will purge the city of the great
bulk of its undesirables.

Jis Smith's Simple Pian.

Jim Smith's plan, as he goes raid-
ing through the city on and after
July 1, is to take by the scruffs of
their necks those Iiable who are not
either registered or working, and hale
them before the nearest Magistrate.
There they may offer what excuses they
have prepared or cun extemporize, The
law as it stands upon the books places
the burden of proof upon the defendant.

According to Mr. ‘Smith, both the
hotels and certain of the less well
known theatrical booking offices con-
tain a number of men whose ov-
cupations are useless in the last
degree. He
be cleared of the pests who seize the
patron's bag at the door or his hat at
the dining room entrance and, above all,
of the creatures who stand around in
the wash rooms and pretend to offer a
service which nobody requires. In some
of the alleged theatrical booking offices
there are persons whose solitary means
of livelihood is the fees they collect
from unsophisticated young women from
the country and gma!l towns who never
achieve a place in a theatrical company.
Many of these giris are “sent along”
to costumers and milliners. The cos-
tumers and the milliners also are on
the lists of the useless.

Grand Roendup in the Parks.

Naturally there will be a grand round-
up in the parks, railroad terminalis and
public Ibraries and in the cabarets and
dancing floors. Also the restaurants and
hotel corridors will be combed for gentle-
men of smooth visage and sartorial
elegance who are known to have no
means of honest eelf-support and who
imagine that the police belleve them to
be. the “promoters” and brokers that
they represent themselves to be. Only
the venerable ones who have contrived
to stay out of custody until past their
fiftieth birthdays will be able to sit
back and smile next week when Smith
and his merry men take the warpath.

No man who wants work and has
found any difficulty in getting it need
worry about the operation of the loaf-
ers’ law. The members of the Industrial
Commission have so many requests for
men from s0 many different lines of
industry that there !s no chance what-
ever of them being able to supply all
the demand.

The commission has a registtry office
{in Brooklyn at 310 Jay street. In
Brooklyn, with its long shore front hum-
ming with war industry of every kind,
there has been an actue shortage of
labor for months, and any man ready
to take a job at excellent wages can
have his pick of several. As in Man-
hattan, however, any man who Is offered
a good place at the commission's offices
and refuses to take it is guilty of
misdemeanor and lable to a fine of
$100 or jail for three months or both,

Big Demand for Workers.

In Long Island City yesterday at a
meeting of the Queens Chamber of Com.
merce several manufacturers were in-
formed that there was a plan afoot to
levy upon their forces to the extent of
10,000 men and women who are needed
at the Wright-Martin motor factory and
at the United States Gas Defence Com-
pany's factory, where gas masks are
made for the army in France,

John R. O'Leary, United States Super-
intendent of Labor for the New York
district, told the manufacturers present
that the Government would open an em-
ployment office in the Paynter Building
at the Bridge Plaza in Long Island City
on July 8, and begin recruiting the em-
ployees it needs for vital Government
work which is being pushed forward in
Queens Borough.

Jim Smith was delighted to hear yes-
terday that Federal officials had made
up lists of all the men employed in the
hotels of the city and had reported to
Washington that at least 16,000 hotel
employees were doing work which was
nearly useless, J’nless these men find
useful tasks and find them quickly the
Government will put them to work in
war industrials, Their old places will be
filled by women,

A partial census of men of this city
who have never worked because their
private means were ample has revealed
that the great bul of such men have
gone into the military service and that
the others almost to a man are en-
gaged in some sort of patriotic service,

|

 

proposes that the hotels|

year was false. She is said to have left
Fricke in 1915 and to be earning her
living as a school teacher. Mrs. Fricke
{s said to be of American birth and the
daughter of a captain of the Red D Line.

Fricke was born {n Hamburg and was
a Lieutenant In the German navy. He
was graduated from the university at
Karlsruhe. He asserts that he is a nat-
uralized citizen of the United States,

Fricke was employed by the American
Can Company at 120 Broadway. He
lived at 160 Claremont avenue.

Wireless Operator Captared,

Carl Geiger, 30, five years in America
and a former wireless operator of the
Kaiser Wilhelm IL of the Hamburg-
American Line, gave agents of the in-
telligence office a lively chase )esterday
at Glendale, I. I, where he has been
living, and successfully eluded them by
jumping through a window. Several
shots were fired in pursuit. <A few hours
afterward Getger turned up in a saloon
and confided the tnciderits of the chase
to the bartender. The bartender
promptly called a policeman and Getger
wae marched off.

The intelligence officers firet attempted
to capture Gelger at his home. He was
half way to a police station when he
tripped his captors and ran. They gave
chase, but he outran them and circled
back to his room on Prospect avenue
When the officers arrived Geiger was
burning up some papers. They jumped
for him, but he leaped out of a window
amid a fusillade of shots, A wirelese
code and other papers were found In the
room.

Rosebank Bartender Arrested.

Three enemy aliens were examined
yesterday in the Federal Building by
Roger W. Sprague. Jr. One of them
was Karl Friedrich Wilhelm Schmidt,
42, a bartender !n Katle Schmidt's sa-
loon at 98 Edgewater street, Rosebank,
Staten Island, commanding an excellent
view of American transports. Schmidt
stated that at the outbreak of the war
in 1914 he registered at the Consul Gen-
eral's office in thia city. He had served
in the German army and came to New
York in 1903. Schmidt professed not to
know that he was required to have a
zone pass, and was held for thirty days
pending investigation.

Otto Enke, 82, a necktle weaver at 98
ayard street, had not registered as an
enemy alien, and was committed for
ninety days. He was educated at a
gymnasium in Berlin and has been in
this country since 1905.

Hans Winter, 47, a former soldier of
the Kaleer, was arrested in Westchester
county without an allen pass. He has
been !n America since 1898, Pending
investigation he was sentenced to jall
for sixty days.

Mrs. Olive Griffin, 68, @ fortune teller
of Palisades Park, who is alleged to
how» been predicting death for soldiers
who paid her to read their palms, was
arrested last night charged with violat-
ing the esplonage law. Mrs. Griffin is
also @lleged to have predicted that Ger-
many would win the war, She was com-
mitted to the ‘Hackensack fail.

CREDITORS TO GET DIVIDEND.

Camden Iron Works to Pay 3060

 

Per Cent.
Judge Haight of the United States
District Court at Newark, N. J., has

signed an order giving permission to the
receiver of the Cainden Iron Works to
pay a 30 per cent. dividend on unsecured
claims against the company aggregat-
ing $1,000,000.

The court took under advisement the
question whether bondholders should be
permitted to share in the dividend, and
ordered the cancellation of all bonds in
the treasury.

The receivers were allowed $25,000
and their counsel $10,000.

 

Flies From Phila. {mn 655 Minates.

Tieut. Miller made a round trip to; Republican National Committee, con- |

 

 

NO SIGN OF TRUCE

ING. 0. P. FIGHT

 

j Anti-Whitman Men Threaten

'
‘

'

 

 

to Demand Resignation of
Chairman Glynn.

 

f conspiring to bribe an! SOME TALK OF ROOSEVELT

One Faction Clings to Hope
That Governor and Lewis
Both Will Withdraw.

Having heard that the Whitman men
fn the Republican State committee
Would not object to having the delozgates
to the unofficial party convention chosen
by direct primary the Lewis managers
yesterday proceeded to put up some
other hurdles. Their object seems to be
to convict State Chairman Glynn of un-
Ppardonable negilgence in delaying so
long in starting the machinery neces-
sary to bring about a convention under
the rules of the State committee.

They declared that there will not be
time after Saturday, when the commit-
tee meets to call the conference, to have

direct primaries under the method laid.

down in the electtus iaw. This pro-
vision, they asserted, requires publica-
tion of the intention to hold such pri-
maries for at least thirty days. Allow-
ing the shortest possible time for the
beginning of such publication and the
Proper notification of the delegation so
chosen, it Was said, would make August

8 the earliest day on wnich a convention
could be held in which the delegates
could be chosen by direct primary.

As the rules of the State committee.

deciare that such a convention must be
held at least five weeks prior to primary
day, which makes July 30 the last pos-
sible day, the Lewis men argue that no
convention under the rules ef the State
committee can be held,

Talk of Ousting Glynn.
The object in this fine reasoning seems

to be to show that Chairman Glynn has)

lost his chance to act under the rules,
therefore the only gathering that can be

held 1s an assembly such as has been ;
and |

called by
Calder.

Senators Wadsworth

The Whitman men simply smile at this

reasoning and assert that any gathering
!s unofficial and extra legal and that the

State committee have ample power to:
call any sort ofa meeting they desire and

arrange for the seiection of delegates in
any way that f#eems to thei best. As
the committee {s controlled by them by
at least two to one, they say there will
be no trouble in carrying out the pro-
eramme decided upon.

So dissatisfied with the handling of
the organization by Cha!rman Glynn
are the opponents of Gov. Whitman that
some of them are advocating the intro-
duction of a resolution calling for his
resignation. As this would raise a clear
cut {ssue in which the Whitman men
could demonstrate their control, it is not

vane the plan will be put Into execu-
tion.

See Hope of Compromise.

It 19 believed that influences at work
to prevent any open clash between the
factions in the party will bring about an
agreement between the Whitman forces
and Senators Wadsworth and Calder for
a gathering of Republicans called by the
State committee for July 18, the day
chosen by the Senators {n their call for
a “town meeting" at Saratoga.

At a second luncheon at the Lawyers
Club yesterday John A. Stewart, presi-
dent of the League of Republican Clubs;
George W. Wickersham, E. M. Morgan,

former Representative J. Van Vechten!
Representative William

Olcott, former
S. Bennet, former Gov. Odell and sev-
eral othens discussed the form of an
Invitation to be sent to the Republicans
of the State for the Wadsworth-Calder
“town meeting.” Former Gov. Odell ex-
pressed the opinion that it would be
unwise to have two separate confer-
ences,

Attorney-General Lewis at his head-
quarters in the Murray Hill Hotel said
he knew of no candidates for places on
the State ticket other than those already
announced and that no attempt was be-
Ing made to frame a Lewis ticket.

Whitman's Manager Confident.

“I find that Mr. Tewis's managers,
Mr. Barnes and Mr.’ Robinson are mak-
Ing extravagant claims in an attempt to
dishearten the
declared W. W. Cocks, the Whitman
manager, at the Manhattan Hotel. “I!
have looked over the situation in Greater
New York. After a conference with &.
S. Koen!g, president of the New York
county committee, I feel confident that
the Governor will carry this county in
the primaries by a large majority.

“Chairman De Bragga end Mr. Ash-

mead of Queens county say the Gov-'

Governor's supporters,” |

'UPTON FESTIVITIES

WILL SET RECORD

 

Army of Stars to Entertain
| After Being Entertained.

Major-Gen. Franklin Bell's attitude on
soldier entertainment is pretty well es-
tablished, but he has authorized an en-
| tertainment to be held at Camp Upton
‘next Saturday evening and on the fol-

 

| lowing Sunday which will outfrisk any- ,

| Workmen Are Decorated and

 

TWO MORE WOODEN [The Sun Calenda;

SHIPS LAUNCHED,

} fain in south portion to-day; to-mo;.

 

Told of Importance of
Labors.

thing that the camp has yet seen. Tt is; RANK WITH FIGHTING MEN

_elready the boast of Lieut. T. Steelman
. Bain, former Philade!phia clubman, In

charge of camp recreation, that the af-
fair will set a record for all canton-
ments, East and West.

There will be a ball Saturday night at
which many stars will be the gueste of
Major-Gen. Bell and the camp officers.

Iyer of Youth," says Lieut. Bain, “and
positively Dorothy Dickson, Clifton

Crawford, Era Fallon and twelve giris| Which the United States is banking to

of the ‘Fancy Free’ company; Fannie
Brice, the jubilant Pennington sisters,

the Inexpressible Dooleya of the Cen- |

tury Roof. Vivian Segal and Harry
Brown of the ‘Oh, Lady! Lady! !' com-
pany, Miss Bessie Wynn, lately home
from foreign triumphs, and Constance
Binney.

“There will also be at the hop Fritzle
Scheff, Carl Hyson, Dorothy Jardon,
Irving Berlin, Carl Rasdal,
Donner, Mesars. Burke and
the Winter Garden, Frisco die Can-
tor, John Charles Thomas of ‘Maytime,’

“Positively Marjorie Rambeau of ‘The!

 

 

'
ad }

Kearny Plant Now Has Four
8,500 Ton Vessels to
Its Credit.

 

 

Two more of the wooden ehips upon

 

whip the Kaiser slipped gracefully and
unostentatiouely off the ways and dipped |
into the water of the Passaic River yes-
terday at the-_plant of the Foundation
Shipbuilding Company at Kearny, N. J.

As the vessels swept out of their
cradles bottles of wine were crashed

 

| against their prows by Mrs. W. G. Hud-

 

Hudson of the Emergency Fleet Cor-
poration of the United States Shipping

oss Kittie gon, wife of District Superintendent
ace from

Jane Connelly, Irving Connelly, Joe Bar-| Board, and Mrs. Robert C. Torrance,

nett of ‘Miss Springtime,’ the Dolly sis-
ters and the impersonator Raboni.”
There may be others, but Lieut. Bain
{s refraining from announcing any more
at present.
guests of the camp in a mest emphatic
manner all day Sunday, with an elabo-
rate luncheon, a baseball gam3 in the

and athletic events, In

they will take the entertainment stunt! ond message to the Kaiser.

 

wife of the Mayor of Kearny. Mre
Hudson acted as spunsor for the firat
ship, and ehe named the trim little;

The stage folk will be!orart Congaree as the bottle shattered. |

THE WEATHER.

Eastern New York—Fair in nory

 

row partly cloudy; moderate B0utheas;
to east winds,

Vor New Jersey, rain and slightly coo ry
to-day; unsettled to-morrow, Moderae
bouthenst Lo eaat winds, ie

ror northern New England, partis ¢:
to-day, probably rain by night; fain ine
morrow, increasing southeast to eae: winds

For southern New England, Probably
rain to-day; partly cloudy to-morrow, ig.
creasing southeast to east winds, oon

For western New York, generally fair 19.
day and to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, June 25.--
Pression central over Mi
hight hae advanced te southern Vir
and Increased conaid+rably in intens:
It has been attended vy general rain jn jy
easiward movement, “aing that will be «:
very great benefit te agricultural interes,
over the Ohio Valle# And the south porting
of the middle Atisvic States because ,'
their general distrivition and the alow rats
at which they fella In all other parta o°
en eeetry the wes-her has been generajiy
alr.

The temperature & atill above the se,
fonsl average in “he south plains Statne
and Texas, aleo in the plateau region wes:
of the Rocky Mourtains. :

There will be atowers Wednesday [tn the
midd.@ and gouth Atlantic States ans
southern New Enfiand, In the Washing.
ton forecnst dtatritt Thuraday will be fair
except in the upper lake region, tho lows:
Ohio Valley and the east Gulf States
where showers are probable.

Cool weather will continue In the m'dtie
Atlantic States and New Engiand.

  

 

 

IOCAL WEATHER REPORTS.

 
   

8 A.M. aPoM,
Barometer.......... 20.05 29.90
Humidity..... ‘ 8 42
Wind—directioh N.E. RE

Wind—velocits 8 12
Weather..... . Cloudy Partiv cloudy
Precipitation 10 None

The temperature tn this city vesterday
as recorded by the official thermometer, iq
shown in the annexed tabie:

| Whistles of factories and other craft ga. M. re 04 1P. M....79 er M :
near by had not yet ceased their carol} yo wo (as AP Ww, 71 SPM
afternoon for the camp champtonship | of welcome to the Congaree before the 3 ‘ M eo a g sae 6 f ¥ “
the evening i workimen were ready to send their sec- Se weer es ; ne

Mrs. Tor- 1918. 1017. 1918. 3917

4 9A. M.....94 aan OPM... 72 73

away from tho soldiers and at the Yap-|rance swung her bottle of wine against /12M.......69 78 9PM. AR OAD
SP.M.....71 3 T2Mid......63 6

hank theatre will present the greatest the prow of the second ehip, bearing the

programme ever staged there. The et-
tire camp will, be expected to get into
the theatre, and probably will manage
to do @0.

O'LRARY'S MALD
" ANENEMY ALIEN

 

Barnes Explains Why Aus-
trian Woman Was Held.

 

Farl 5B. Barnes, Assistant United
‘States Attorney in charge of the Gov-
ernment's case against John J. O'Leary,
indicted for conspiracy to obstruct jus-
‘tice In connection with the filght of his
‘prother, Jeremiah A. O'Leary, told yes-
;terday why a maid formerly employed
by John O'Leary had been held for
three weeks by the Government.

The maid, according to Mr. Barnes, is
‘not a Russian but an Austrian, born
near the Russian border. The Govern-
{'ment, he pointed out, merely exercised
‘ita right to arrest her as an enemy alien
{after she had shown by her attitude
{toward Government agents that she was
inimical to the Government.

“Yes,” Mr. Barnes admitted, “I had
‘intended to use the maid in rebuttal. I
‘ ¢o:enaw, when I ordered her arrest three
‘weeks ago, that the defence might at-
itempt just what It has attempted—an
lalibi, or something of that kind—and
‘that the maid would be better in Gov-
{ernment custody. She was #0 obviously
linimical to the Government I would
have been negligent had I failed to Te-
move her from the O'Leary influence.

| Maid Born in Austria.

“You are positive she is an Austrian?”
'Mr. Barnes was asked. (The O'Learys
‘had cla!med that she, a Russian, was be-
|ing unjustly held tncommunicado.)

“Positive to the extent that I have
‘the place of her birth marked on the
map," he retorted. “It Is fifty miles tn-
jeide the Austrian boundary. To mako
doubly sure I had her name the neigh-
'boring towns ay well. She is unques-
tionably Austrian.”

Mr. Barnes had frst intended to use
ithe maid In attacking teatimony that
‘might be given by John O'Leary in his
own behalf. He Indicated yesterday that
ithe unexpected appearance of Jeremiah
‘as a witness for his brother, together
!with other developments, had lessened,
| perhaps destroyed, the maid's value as a
witness

Replying to a question as to whetner
ithe new trial would develop any sur-
‘prises Mr. Barnes said:

“The Government's case !s the truth,
jane the truth never changes.”

Trial Begins To-day.

| Mr, Barnes admitted he had been bit-
{terly disappointed by the mistrial Mon-
‘day «and gaid he supposed it would take

ernor will aweep that county. We wil] | @bout three days to get the new jury.
also carry The Bronx and Richmond. | The selection begins at 10:30 o'clock this
“The Kings county situation ts work- | morning before Judge A. N. Hand tn the

ing out well and we have revera! suc-| United States District Coury <A panel
qrises in store there. Of couree I know | Of 100 talesmen has been cal@d.
Nassau and Suffolk counties will be be-| Motion to quash the old indictment

'which disqualified Juror Isaac Anderson,

hind the Governor, During the past :
week I have studied the situation among | thereby causing a mistrial, will be meus
e

the farmers in the State and find that |!" @ day or two, Mr. Barnes said. 1
the efforts to line them up against the | Pointed out that the codefendants with
Governor have been a complete failure, , AM“erson had obtained dismissal of the
indictments against them on demurrers
Women Behind Governor, } but that Anderson, considered less guilty
“All assure me there ts no objection | by the Government and destined to tes-
to the Governor in the rural communi-; tify a8 a Government witness, had de-
ties and that the women have enrolled pended on the Government to quash the
{n vast numbers for the express pur- | indictment against him, with the result
pose of voting for the Governor in the! recorded Monday.
primaries,” TY . wre TWAT
William M. Bennett {as still agitating TROUBLES HIS EXCUSE.
for a third ticket. He represents a group,
ef men who do not favor Attorney-;Britisher Who Overstayed Leave
General Lewis and still cling to the hope . ,
that both ne and Gov, Whitman wiil Has Capvincing Hoamens
withdraw in favor of a compromise can- Lieut. Leo Matingot of a British colo-
didate. It 1s a typleal Bennett dream, | nal regiment at Trintdad, who arrived
friends of both candidates remark, He ‘here yesterday on his way to England,
expressed the humble opinion yester-| said he had ovorstayed his leave at his
day that if there were two conferences | home In Trinidad technically about two
it might result in the nomination of | Months, but that he had a valid e&cuse,
Col. Roorevelt for Governor, John A.j_ It was this way: Two days after he
Stewart also said he had found a strong | hed sailed from England for this side
sentiment for Col. Roosevelt, but re-| Of the sea the steamship he was aboard
fused to express an opinion that he/| was torpedoed without warning and all
might be named as the candidate, jhands took to the boats and returned
to England. He waited for another ship
;and she was rammed in the English
| Channel by a British cruiser, He tried
{again and this time the steamship he

 

 

Roscoe Irwin Enters Field,
Wiurrnau., N. Y., June 25.-—Roscoe

Irwin of Kingston, Internal Reve- | had selected was chased and shelled by

nue Collector of the Albany district, | Submarine. The steamship eluded the

was to-day indorsed for the Guberna- | U-boat.

tcrial Democratic nomination by the aoe experience took about two
5.

Wilson Democratic Alliance of White-
hall, Dresden and Putnam.

 

 

| TRIES SUICIDE IN SUBWAY.
HAYS SPEAKS IN MAINE, | Train Tosses Despondent German

Safely Aside ae He J
No Geography in Our Patriotiam, ome
| Joseph Haas, a bartender, Jumped in
He Tells Conference, front of a southbound subway train at
PoRTLAND, Me., June 25.——Will H,| Broadway and 116th street, yesterday,

Hays of Indianapolis, chairman of the! 44 received only a lacerated scalp and
a possible skull fracture, He was struck

 

 

Philadelphia with the air mall yesterday ; ferred with party leaders here to-day @lancing blow by the front car and

in good time, making the return trip in jand delivered an address at a conference | to88ed to one side.

He told Patrolman

fifty-five minutes. On both trips he car-lattended by members of the State and! Hearty of the West 125th street station

ried a Government representative who
is making compass tests. Lieut, Miller
left Belmont Park at noon and landed
at 2:47, having been two hours tn the
air. He said the flying conditions were
ideal, with clear atmosphere and very
little wind. On the down trip he carried
131 pounds of mail

   

county committees. "t rave been from/he had just received word from Ger-
coast to coast and I thank God there is, MAny that (wo brothers had been
no geography In ou patriotism,” Mr, |!" the war and that he was so despond-
Hays said. ent he did not wish to live any longer.

Alfred J. Sweet of Lewiston wag|__ Haas was taken to the Knickerbocker
elected national committeeman to @uc-| Hospital under arrest for attempted sui-
ceed United States Senator Frederick
Hale, who resigned, 4

.

Prospect avenue, The Bronx,

|
|

‘Assistant District Attorney |

|

name Coweta.

Workmen Receive Badges.

Before the two newly launched ships
had been towed back to the berths
where finishing touches will be applied
eighty-seven of the shipbuilders who had
worked on them were lined up before a
company of soldiers and, with the sol-
diers presenting arms, eaci received a
badge from the women who had acted as
eponsors for the ehips. The badges were
the gift of the United States Shipping
Board and represent an fnnovation in
the conduct of the giant shipbuilding
task to which the nation has set itself.

Each of the badges has four copper
bars and on each bar is inscribed the
nome of one of the ships launched at
the Foundation Company's plant, on all

!of which each of the e!ghty-seven hon-
|ored workmen “did his bit.’ The shins

 

 

 

so far launched at the plant were the
Coyote, the Accona, the Congaree and
the Coweta. As* more ships are launched
each workman will be given another bar
bearing the naine of the new ship upon
which he has worked.

the double launching in automobiles from
the New Jersey Goldiers Home at
Kearny.

Equal to Battle Henors.

After the !aunching Philip Hiss, who
came from Washington as the represen-
tative at the launching of Josephus Dan-
fels, Secretary of the Navy, told the
shipbuilders who received the honor
badges that the work they were doing
was as important, !f not more important,
than any other service now being ren-
dered to the civilized world. He said the
Government wanted them to understand
that the badges were as much a mark
of honor as if they were medals won on
the fleld of battle. It was explained
later that in all probability the distribu-
tion of badges will be extended at once
to all of the other shipbullding plants in
the country engaged in war work.

Mr. Hiss was accompanied to the
launching by Major-Gen. William A.
Mann, commanding the Eastern Depart-
ment of the army, and Capt. Dennier of
the French navy, who also is a member
of the French High Commission.

Like their predecessors, the Coyote
and the Accona, the Congaree and the
Coweta are 281@feet long, 46 feet beam
and of 3,500 ceadweight tons.

 

 

“GAELIC” EDITOR SUMMONED,

Patrick J. McNulty Says John
Devoy Libelled Him.

On representing that he had been
criminally lbelled in an editorial article
in an issue of the Gaelio American of
October 20, 1917, Patrick J. McNulty, a
member of the Ancient Order of Hiber-
nians, obtained from Magistrate Mc-
Quade in West Side Court yesterday a
summons for the appearance of John
Devoy, president of the publishing com-
pany. e

‘A The summons is returnable next Bri-
AY.

 

 

ARMY MEAT THEFT CHARGED.

Three Arrested on Accusation of
Stealing From Lehigh Yards.

Isidore Weiser, a butcher, whose store
{s in Ninth avenue, between Thirty-
fourth and Thirty-fifth streets; Michael
Coughlin, a checker, and John Devlin, a
truckman, were arrested yesterday
charged with complicity In a conspiracy
to steal heef intended for the army tn
France from the yards of the Lehigh
Valley Railroad, at Tenth avenue and
Twenty-seventh street. The specific
charge accuses the men of stealing 105
quarters of beef, which cost the Govern-
ment $3,000.

The arrests brought the number of
those accused of complicity in thefts at
the Lehigh yards to twenty-one.

 

 

387,676 WOMEN
SO FAR ENROLLED

Big Parties Divide the Vote
Almost Evenly,

 

on

AVfany, June 25,—During the special
enrolment period which

concluded = re-
cently 387,676 women in twenty counties
became affiliated with political parties

Frederick I. Marshall,

 

State Superin-

jtenden of Elections, announced to-day,

Killed; place Henry Ford on

elde, He is unmarrica and lives at 1431 four

Returns from the remainder of
counties have not yet been received

The party allgnment was as follows:
184,002; Republican,
14,997;

the

Democratle,
590;
10,087.

The same counties had an enrolment
of men last fall totalling 810,655. Tre
counties are Albany, Bronx, Columbia,
Chemung, Cayuga, Easex, Dutchess,
Delaware, Kings, Madison, New York,
Suffolk, Steuben, Schenectady, Richmond,
Yates, Putnam, Tompkine, Orange and
Queens, In these counties the women
spoiled 5,276 ballots.

178,-

Soctalist, Prohibitionist,

An additional
ber bears the Inscription “United Statea
War Service—Shipbuilder.” Red, white
ana blue ribbons form the background
fur the badgez.

Twenty veterans of the civil war sa-
luted the Congarce and Coweta as they
took the water. They were brought to

Henry Ford's Petitions Filed.

LANSING, Mich., June 25

25.-—Petitions to \
the Demoaratic
Primary ballot as candidate for United}
States Senator were received at the of-
fice of the Secretary of State this fore-
noon. The petitions came in a stack
inches in thickness and originated

gin Detroit.

Highest tempereture, 72, at 6 P.M.

Towest temperature, 60, at 6:15 A. M

Average temperature, 66.

Observations yesterday at United tates
Weather Bureau stations showing atmos
pheric conditions in the various atles;

 
   
  
  

 

Temperature. Veloc-

High.Low.Wind. ity. Rain. ¥:2
FEeetport...... 9% .. NE ee +. Clondy
Boeto 4 68 & : ++ Clear
9 74 ©. 16. Clay

Chicago.. 64 64 ON. 10.01 Clear
St. Louie 82 74 NW. 14 02 Clear
Minneapo: i204. NW. 20) 74 Cleap
Denver... 62 SB . PtCidy
Bismarck . 9 58 W. wn . Ody
Charleston,... 92 G8 8. 72 Clowes
Norfolk....... 3... 8B. 12) 66 Raim

MINIATURE ALMANAC.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Standard Time.
Sun rises......6:25 AM  8un sets.
Moon rises..... 10.08 PM
HIGH WATER THIS DAY
Sandy Hook...9:57 PM Gov Islandio.iusPy
Hell Gate......11:59 PM
LOW WATER THIS DAY.
Sandy Hook...4:03 P M Gov. Island..4:3 PN
Hell Gate......6:4 PM
Note—The foregoing table has been corrected
to conform to the new “artificial time”

EVENTS TO-DAY.

Convention of canteeners of the National
Teague for Woman's Service, Waldorf-As
toria, #4 P.M.

Graduation exercises of Pubiic Schoo! 64,
Hester and Essex atreeta, § P. M

Anuual picnic of the Independent Order
ree Sons of Jerael, Manhatian Cas!no, §

HP yw

 

Recruiting raily at Mou.t Morris Park.
music by the U. §. 8, Recruit Band, & P.M.
Retall Mul!nery Aesociation, iuncheon,
Hote! MeAipin, 12:30 P. M

lace Curtain Manfacturers Association,
meeting, Hotel McAlipin, 2:30 P. Sf.

U. S. READY TO RUN
EXPRESS BUSINESS

Incorporation Begun and Of.
ficers Elected.

 

 

The first formal steps for the incor
poration of the American Railway Fx-
press Company, the new corporation
which will operate the express com-
panies of the country recently taken
over by the Director-General of Rali-

roads, were taken yesterday. At tna
same time the incorporators of tha new
company met at 65 Broadway, elected
officers and directors and selected the
board's executive committee.

Burns PD. Caldwell was elected cha'r-
man of the board and George QO. Tavior
president of the company. Their d.ract
contro] of the new corporation will be-
gin on July 1, the date set for the actual
operation of the express companies un-
der Government control.

The other officers are F. P. Small see
retary and C. S. Spencer treasurer, The
board of directors is composed of Alex-
ander J. Hemphill, Charles D. Norton,
Morton F. Plant, Willfam M. Rarrett,
John G. Milburn, J. Horace Harding,
James S. Alexander, Messrs. Taylor and
Caldwell, Charles A. Peabody, Henry W.
De Forest and Jacob H. Schiff. The exe
ecutive committee of the board consists
of Messrs. Peabody, Hemphill, Harding,
Barrett, Caldwell and Taylor.

TO DISCUSS FLAVORINGS.

Extract Men Worrted by Shortage
of Soft Drink Elements.

A convention of the Flavoring Et-
tract Manufacturers Association will
open at the Hotel Astor today to discuss
wartime conditions of the industry, A
meeting of the executive committee was
held vesterday, after which F. P. Beers
president of the association, said that
the interruption of shipments from
France and Italy had created a shortage
of vanilla, lemon and orange flavoring
The only availiable source of these ex-
tracts was Mexico, he said, and ship
ments could be made onty by rail,

Mr. Beers blamed the Government ra-
striction on flour and sugar, combined
with a high revenue tax on alcohol f°
industrial purposes, as responsible for a
Breat increase in the cost of flavor: «
extracts. The Government etill allows
manufacturers of fea cream 100 per cen!
of sugar, he sald, but for fruit syrups
the allowance is only 80 per cent "he
use of saccharine Is forbidden and mo
lasses {8 not @& 6atisfactory substitute,
said Mr. Boers

Members who use their supply of alco-
hol for beverage purposes will be black-
listed, he added.

 

 

 

ASKS $100,000 DAMAGES.

Commiesion Merchant Sues for Al-
leged Contract Breach.

Sebastian de Velasco of 128 Water
street, a commission merchant, broug!*
suit in the Federal District Court yes
terday asking $100,000 damages ‘r
the General Brokerage Company of ‘*
Wall street for alleged breach of co
tract,

Tho plaintiff alleges he contracte
with the defendant company to purcla-
pearl taploca, edible starch and wh
dextrin for $65,968, conditional upo:
defendant company obtalning for hin
license from the French High Commi
sion permitting hin to export the end
into France. Relying on the contra
the plaintiff asserts that he contracted! ‘9
sell the goods to Georges Le Febvre of
Paris for $145,000, whieh sum ineluded
freightage and insurance.

 

 

e2ase—

 
  

He declares the General Rrokerss
Company failed to obtain the leense le
required and he was damaged ‘1 ' %
amount sought to be recovered tour?

the failure of his transaction w.th ine
Paris dealer,