bi mr a . 7 n 8 n "
nt has ta a iS Sl akad wide tbs c nd ne. Lh MacRae ibd ek blithe he s ¢ : ;
. . a 5 « - ~ - . onaeiinen x =

 

_.THE SUN,

DS |

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 26, 1918.

ALLIES LOOKING T0

444

 

—————

MONEY AT HAND |

 

 

WILSON AND AID

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

—_—_—

 

 

 

401.24. In February they were $114,-
653.47, and in March $132,284.83.

nent statesman working to perfect !t,
The total for the three months was

? cos |
wate arn” feta tots| WANTS DATA ON rums| 000 COAST TARS =

come the prohibition es,.eriment. Any
temporary disorganization it might cause

 

 

 

 

, 331,339, . would have its compensation.
| have wet Ween connie + faucet “It is not private business but the Germany within the fold. is ' j
{ : * ; country's business {i a great war emer- | | ie an ' ’

He TORAISE POLICE eck cetceeecoe2) DIFFER ON DRY LAW seveitasiseiss exer cor"; WILSON AS SAVIOR! cxrstr test ne notcomes. (treadway Asks Who Makes’ ASK DANGER BONUS
: _ Wil continue to increase, because more aoe ure Canaan ere then, “But only a regenerated Germany | Them. Who Gets Money. 3
| ! FIRE W ane more city workers ace being drafted nora aonal itberey ot ently waa Men | the hike Php nsichany seoptos Fentinw te | a
; more are resigning and retiring. Daniels Fa . ' Li | Special Di tch to Tae Sts | ,

, vors It men in the shipyards and contributing y. have learned to loathe, | Spe eapatch to Tae Sts, Perils Used in
AND AGES fe. } at Gree Prove to be It, Burleson, | rauetries on whom we are relying to| English Wildly Greet Picture © loathe vom 25. -Renresenta- | SUbMarine e

 

’y Aceruals at Disposal of
Estimate Board Would
Provide for Increase.

 

SALARY TRANSFER URGED

More Than Million Ready for}

quarter of the year, the total amount
of the city accrual fund by the end of
the year will be $1,325,257.16. *
“Yes,” your aity official may reply,
“but remember that out of that accrual
fund we must pay the substitutes for
those who have gone to war.” The an-
swer is that few substitutes are being
hired tn proportion to the number gone
away. In January, February and March
there were transferred from accrual of
$831,339 only $60,887 for the payment of
war substitutes, leaving $271,012 in the
accrual fund. Granting that the amount
of money needed for substitutes’ wages
will constantly increase, net accruals

Hurley and Gompers
Oppose.

BAN

 

 

!Financiers Fear Results if
Half Billion in Property

Ts Destroyed.

 

 

gramme in the history of this or any
other nation. |

“If any one tried to tell me that men
worked better with the stimulus pro- |
vided by liquor IT shouid simply cite him |
the cases of the shipyards in Oregon:
and Washington, where the employees.
without such stimulants are doing good!
work. If the argument were made that
the workmen in a wet district turned!
out a stee! ship itn twenty-seven days |
and that because of this it might be|
well to give light wines and beer to}
the workmen in Oregon and Washington |
T would brush such an argument away |
as the offspring of folly.

put through the biggest shipping ak

of President in Music
Hall.

FRENCH IDOLIZE TROOPS

Hamilton Holt Returns With
Answer to Slurring Stories
About America.

 

“As for the progress of the {dea in
Italy, {t seemed to me that the Italians
still cling closer to the old diplomacy
of the ‘alllance’ kind than the English
or French; but although Italy will not
lead in the formation of the league of
nations tte Italians will follow the other
inations of the Allies when the league is
\formed and join in with the {dea
| heartily.

' “Brance nad England believe that now
is the time for tiie United States to form

a commission with the Idea of bringing |

the league of nations into being and
they are looking toward us with hopeful
éyes that we will not delay longer our
Part In the plan.”

tive Treadway (Mass.). Republican, who
has attacked George Creci's Committee
on Public Information on several occa-
sions, executed a flank movement on
that organization to-day by Introducing
a House resolution seeking the details
of the arrangement by which the Creel
committee obtains motion pictures of
| Gen. Pershing’s army in France.

; The Treadway resolution asks the Ser-
| retary of War to advise what persons in
the Signal Corps have been ordered to
take etill or motion pictures of the
American expeditionary forces; the
terms under which euch pictures are
distrivuted for public information; what

| WasHINoTon,

) there

Wage Plea—40,000 Cloak-
makers Restive.

|

 

| Advances in wages are being de-
| manded by @ number of labor unions in
and about this city. and threats have
been made that strikes will result ifthe
desired increases are not granted. About
7.000 seamen on coastwise ships have
asked for a bonus similar to the one
given to overseas sailors. To justify
their claims they state that since this
coast has been infested with submarines
is as much danger entailed here

. T would op-/| : Ame disposition is made of negatives and) ae in transatlantic sailing
T se in City Coffers by wy the end of the year will still 5e at Special Despatch ¢o Tur Sts. pore an experiment of that kind In Ore- | In a big music hall in London on a seas have 6 ewokts eon anit films returned to thia country; and what} Gus B. Brown, business agent of the
least $1,000,000, and in all probability WASHINGTON, June 25.—-Even the clos-

End of Year.

 

Will be several hundred thousand dollars

gon and Washington just as earnestly |

night early in the present month a dis-

iiands, sald Mr. Holt-—-to fight the war

persons other than members of the Sig-

| International Seamen's Union of Amer.

’ as [ oppose the experiment that ts pro-| tinguished American editor, who was nal Corps have accorded the privi-/ica, said yesterday: “The seainen as- 4
more than a million, est advisers of the President are as far ° ’ to @ finish and, consctously or uncon- | om y :
y . posed, {one of the audience, heard the unre- ° , he a . lege of taking pictures of American ac-| sert that the activities of the enemy
Now how much do the patroimen and | e@part as the two poles on the question ¢ yw eee ’ eciously, to revivify a war jaded Europe. | 1° 1 ~
firemen need? ee bf Waning the nation bene dey Fer thie Was te Seaton tee Ferenc viene strained answer to the statements! «Not that the armies or peoples of eivitiee abroad. oe | submarines tong the Auantie Conat
While members of the Board of Estt- At present there are 8,708 patroimen & the nation bone dry lrahetanes ne sstneure - he ante spread «broadcast throughout America| any European country fighting with us Mr. Treadway says he understands have converted the coast into a su

mate ore saying that the salaries of the
patrolmen and firemen ought to be ralsed
and they are terribly anxious to do !t,
but simply cannot find the money tn
these hard times, that money fs right
under the fingers. All the board has to
do is to vote to use it for the wage in-
crease and the thing is accomplished.
The money ts to be found In the salary
accruals of the various city departments.
The sum of accruals is extraordinarily
large this year for this reascn: More

on duty, 626 absent in military service
and 53 vacancies. 1f Commissioner En-
tight fila all the vacancies the amount
needed in the next half year to give all
patrolmen a 10 per cent. raise will be
$671,602.50,

At present thero are 3,389 firemen
on duty, 326 absent in military service
and 141 vacancies. ff Commisstoner
Drennan fills all the vacancies the
amount needed in the next half year to
give all the firemen a ten per cent. raise
will be $272,752.50.

So the maximum amount needed to
give both patrolmen and firemen a ten

period of the war.

; This was disclosed at the hearings be-
{fore the Senate Committee on Agricul-
; ture, At the same session at which Sec-
retary of the Navy Daniels was telling
Senators that “liquor never promoted ef-
ficiency anywhere,” and basing this on
the navy'e experience !n the shipyards,
Postmaster-General Burleson was assail-
ing the proponents of the Jones prohibi-
tion amendment as fanatics, and Edward

N. Hurley, chairman of the United States
Shipping Board, was urging the commit-

yard owners or the Government directo-
rate, for no abuser of alcohol could long |
hold piace in the yards under present |
conditions, but he said that even if he/
were a private employer he would not
attempt any “paternal experiment” with
the habits of his employees.

Can*t Afford to Experiment.

In conclusion, Mr. Hurley said. put-|
ting great emphasis upon his words:

“Nor can we afford to experiment
with a nation’s destiny. We have had
our backs to the wall and only now are
we beginning to give blow for blow. The

 

te the effect that the Englieh, French

} And other peoples of the Allies enter-

tain a feeling of jealous resentment, al-
most a positive dislike, toward us end
all things American, The editor came
home yesterday and told about it.

On the night in question a picture of
cing George was thrown upon the
screen. Naturally there was much ap-
plause from the two fisted British audi-
ence. In turn came pictures of Presi-
cent Poincare, King Albert, King Viec-
tor Emmanue} and other mighty men
among the Allies, each picture rbéceiv-
ing its merited amount of applaure,

Then there was a short lull and eud-

are weakening, far from it," Mr. Hout
continued. “France and England and
the other great countries among the
Allles will hold out until they are vic-
torious, But naturally they are, c.orm-
pared to the eager young men from the
States, war weary. And one can readily
see what a magnificent effect it has had,
anil eviil continue to have, upon them as
moro and more American boys come
along to help them out.

“They know, as we know, that this
mighty new ally that has joinel wei
America, Is in an impregnable positic;:
we want nothing from our allies and we

   

that one company has a monopoly of

this Government business and that “the |

method employed by the Committee of
Public Information of having these mo-
tion pictures taken by the Signal Corps
and released to the public should be
known by Congress and the people.”
The resolution also asks if civilian
photographers have been authorized to
take pictures in France, and of war
Preparations and cantonments in this
country, and if so what contract covers
their operations and what disposition
ia made of the revenue received from
the granting of the picture taking privi-
leges by the Creel bureau and the War

| marine danger zone as dangcrous as If
not more #o than the overseas submarine
zone, and therefore demand a_ bonus
similar to that received by seamen for
the overseas submarine zone.”

A general strike is impending among
| 40,000 cloakmakers here, and it was an¢
{nounced yesterday by the officials of
the unions in question that every effort

is heing made to avert a general walk-
| ont if poasible, The strike has been
called for July 1, and unless action ts
|taken by the Cloak, Suit and Dress
| Manufacturera Protective Association In
response to the demand for a 30 per

want nothing from the enemy--except | cent. Increase in wages, the strike ruling
than 8,000 city employees have been vaeiney fs "atten nuh da vations tee not to “experiment with a nation's} German submarines set out to blow! denly the portrait of Admiral Sims was] gecency, And the Italians, T found, 70! ie ge so taken exhibited t | eran caters Giaen No. 10 and the
drafted, an unusual number have re-| condition, is $944,365. destiny.” our amall merchant fleet out of the seas,| flashed upon the sereen——a gentleman] ony want to see our soldiers fighting : , s ; ee Oe

signed or retired, and as a general pol-

icy the Hylan administration is not fill-
‘ng vacancies except in cases of obvious

If the general city salary accruals are
used for this purpose they will more
than meet it.

To-day'e presentation of the argu-
ments for and against prohibition fur-
nished one of the most important hear-
ings in the history of Senatorial inquiries

Responding to the nation's call for ships |
the workmen in the yards have been
breaking all the records of the world
tn shipbuilding.

who a few months earlier the British
populace hadn't so much as heard of.
Instantly applause broke loose, which,
with all due respect to the British King

In Itaiy because of the allied strength
our regiments would give them, but tor
reasons that dig deeper than that.

and under what terms” asked Rep-
resentative Treadway, evidently refer-
ring to recent exhibitions of “Pershing’s

 

| ralncoat division of the Garmen Trades
Union, have appointed committees which
| will confer with the manufacturers on
{the question of wages. An increase has

: , rr ' | . Cc A 2 - | y be , 1e
necessity. By the end of the year the Formal Reqtest Needed. into the'reasons for and against the pro- The men are filed with enthustasm. | and the other European rulers, came Eager to See U. 8S. Boys. ihe Comma itee on Datiie tafeeeenet my | eratona WRG ume werkinae Ono bs
accruals, even after the subtraction of posed legislation. In addition to the} They will this year more than treble the) much nearer the rafter rattling point) 44.6) pany of the soldiers in our army Peery jae poo c alatenes Pee ae
| enough money to provide for such war} Meanwhile If Commissioners Enright | three close advisers of the President who| Output of last year, which was the than any noise that had gone before. wed t "i Uni higesay oe MRED Un GO | States Army slickers. An Increase {a
| time substitutes as are required, will be| 274 Drennan will make formal request | gave their views the committee also lis-| Danner year of our history, We know, “Black Jack” Stirs Them Up. ea eh : oe fatten aselbr GOV. HOLCOMB TO RUN AGAIN, | 0°, being asked by workers on civilian
more than enough to meet the 10 per| ‘0 the Board of Estimate for the in-] tened to a distinguished array of manu-| What ts happening now, and to put it c s the way one o e Italian leaders | Boods.
cent. increase which the trol aj ctease for their men, which they have | ¢ M {frankly and simply we do not know A music hall management with alput it to me, ‘that the very uniform R bit ‘ . | Arrangements are belng made among
| pa men an facturers from communities already ex 3 $ f your American soldiers is familiar epublican Convention Opens in i ineera tc ster "
| firemen have requested, beginning July 1.) ‘old THe Sun ts imperatively needed. | isting under bone dry conditions. what would happen under the proposed | proper appreciation of the dramatic |o!' your SEAT Aaiawiien \ wave erat oa ton Vege atet. a neo tae

Whenever an employee for whose an-
nual salary appropriation has been made
leaves the service, the unspent portion
of the appropriation {ts called an accrual.
If a man resigns outright all of the
money that would otherwise have been
paid him through the rest of the year
becomes an accrual. In the case of the
employee who is drafted, the accrual
to the city amounts to whatever the
covernment is paying him, for under the
Fenner law he continues to receive from

they wiil stand a much better chance
of getting it than they do now. Such
an request, if made to-day, would get
on the Board of Estimate's calendar for
Friday's meeting, the last before July 1.
Or it made even later than to-day If
could be considered by the board at
Friday's meeting by unanimous consent

It would be referred to the commit-
tee on salaries and grades, of which
Alfred I. Smith, president of the Board
of Aldermen is chairman. There seems

They also heard the President of the
American Federation of Labor plead that
the existing laws were sufficiently broad
and plead further that Congress let well
enough alone.

Bankers Urge Delay.

The economic aspect of the situation
which the enactment of the Jones amend-
ment is expected to create was discussed
at length by representatives of banking
interests, who appealed for less precip!-

of the moment is too important for the
diversion of any energy into an investi-
fation or controversy over the frailties
of human nature. We have got to fight.
fight and still fight with every muscle
strained and put aside non-esgentia! ex- |
perimenting if we are to wring victory
from the Huns.” |

Senator Kenyon (Iowa) questioned
Mr. Hurley at the conclusion of his for-
mal etatement He asked what evi-

experiment We feel that the a
1
|

paused a moment and then shot the pic-
ture of Black Jack Pershing onto the
white ecreen. The applause thundered
still louder, And finally, the last being
first in interest, the Jong, lean face of
Woodrow Wilson was*shown, And Eng-
land. as represented in the many sided
music hall audience, stood up on its
British hind legs and whooped and yelled
and banged its heeis and made more
noise inside of a few seconds than ever
was liberated even by a Democratic

sight to them, And probably America can-
not realize,’ the Italian statesman con-
tinued, ‘what a wonderful effect {t would
have upon our Italian soldiers were they
to see, fighting side by side with them,
the khaki uniforms with which they
were so familiar when they too lived
{in Chicago or New York.or other Amer-
ican cities.’ "’

Most impressive of all to Mr. Holt
was the flery eagerness of our fighters
abroad to get into the thick of the ruc-

Connecticut.

HartrorpaConn., June 25.—To nom-
inate a ticket for the fall election the
Republican convention was opened to-
' night.
‘the temporary chairman. To-morrow
| the delegates will perfect organization,
| make the nominations and adopt a plat-
orm.

ublic places, if so by whose authority
|
|

 

|
| permit the printing of ballots and the

| distribution of them, if found expedient |

Congressman John O. Tilson was |

The convention is being held early to!

against the recent decisions of the wage
adjustinent boards. Thomas L. Dele-
hanty, business manager of the Consol-
idated Marine Engineers Beneficial Ase
| sociation No. 33, stated yesterday that
the decisions rendered have been driv-
ing a number of the engineers into the
United States Naval Reserve and that
ships are being run under conditions
; contrary to the rules of the engineers

) association,
The strike committee of wholesale and

¢ toy tt to be no reason to doubt that this com- ’ dence Mr. Hurley based his belief or sus- , convention in South Boston. That was|tions and once in the thick of it to gO | and convenient, amon ore th 10,000 | retail dry goods clerks on the East Side

the city the differ tate action tn order that the final ar- ey tes Bus , . & more than 10,006 , “day th¢ 1 ‘
aad Fedora; atae PeeWee HS One mittee would give a favorable report. sangements now under wie oh the as-| Piclon on that the enactment of bone | the noisiest moment of a very nolsy/on and on toward the German lines. Mr. | electors who are in military and naval | wat Pear thnte ns athe ae
| So at the first meeting of the board In similation in the world of finance of the éry prohibition would disrupt the ship- night. Holt mingled with American lads, gol- | Service under the absentee soldier voting | mane n ene TUE ahem The de-
Plan of Payments. August there would come an open show-| peeaent outstanding obligations, based | ullding industry tn the States now un-| “The way out soldiers and sailors and |diers and marines, who fouglt in our | law | mands were for an increase of §6 a

Now there is nothing in theory, law

down vote in the board itself, and THE

upon alcoholic beverages manufactured

affected by local legislation.

marines have waded into the big fight

first battles of importance at Selcheprey,

The State officers to be named are

week, a vacation and recognition of the

|
Sun doesn't know of any member of the] — : 7 i and made good has electrified England] at Cantigny and at Chateau Thierry. | Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, Secre- union and working hours.
o practice, that permits any city de-] poard who in public meeting would vote FE cROAen AITUER. aie hese Shanna Wunts to Stand Pat, ; and the Continent—that's the only word, | where the marines especially added still | tary of State, Treasurer, Comptrolier | kann h aoe, 4 ne tet tee
| partment to think that any money saved {down the increase in the face of the follow: daatio 1léslMlation edIne into ime Mr. Hurley said the Shipping Board | electrified,” said the editor, Hamilton | greater glory to their “first to fight” ;and Attorney-General. The Republicans | ()rouR? ‘ m ues retary, Max Pine, sald
from its payroll by reason of accruals! facts as this newspaper has reported ediate effect . Bene Nae had experienced great diffleulty with | Holt, who owns and edits the Indepen- | record. ; will renominate Gov. Marcus H. Hole at SO ARSE of Jews connected with
belongs to that department. It belongs {them from day to day. The  eitecae the prohibitionists waaj “bor in the yards and they desired now {| Gent. "I don't think {t is too much to “They want to do more than we ask|comb for his third term, there being no pane. Stan Ye TOA ae thy loyalty
baie vant a ha ieacd “oe Paces Unless the Police and Fire Commis- clearly presented by Secretary Daniels, to let well enough alone. say that the people in France, Italy and | them to do.” Mr. Holt quoted the Ameri- | other name mentioned for this office. The | P Ree) era ee tee Ce UT

sioners make thie request it looks as if

who, discussing the effects of prohibition,

“I do not want to take any chances,” | other European countries T visited look

can officers at the front as saying about

re Se

| rest of the ticket is under consideration.

he said, “have rallied to the support of

fees fit. subject to a budget understand- | the Board of Estimate expects to con- he aald ‘i > ant Wils much or more ‘aes “Oo i Frederick UL. Perry, Secretary of the. Liberty bond issue and are now

: ners = Hn d p to President Wilson as. much nr the men they command. “Our regiment | rederick “ erry, Secretary of; \ ; a We " Sear nay ‘

ath Lies Ee He SEOs for no other | tent itself on Friday with adopting an mites Me iea tia matamacte iin Ges The views of the banking interests | than they do to their own great leaders. |'s got the best dam’ bunch of officers | State; Frederick S. Chamberlain, Treas- | peancent the War Savings Stamps

Purpose except salaries or wages, Last |{nnocuoug resolution from the finance hale oe Imimediata BrOKIbItan nat AanOn were presented by Percy H. Johnstone, |Our President, being the leader of{{n the whole 'Merican Army,” said the|urer, and Morris Webster, Comptroller, see areal ie eels Stags

year a large part of the accruals of all | committee asking all department heads surmise or anticipation but upon actual] “airman of the bankers committee, del- America, they have come to revere @8| privates from Maasachusetts or Con- are serving their fi#st terms. Mr. Chane | SIREN TO WARN F

Stroat Cleaning, Deparcment. t oat Egg % mich night te used for results coming within his personal view, | @7@ted to explain the financial problem jthe:r saviour.” bask Si Mark Renee e why Cee eran es Arent penis hee ae a ao not ito ne . : O ,
e o meet| save money W ' : ot, | With which Institut! ; ’ % Mr. Holt, who got back to New Yo hters the editor might be talking to nination, bu he others w stand |

wage increnses for some grades of the| certain increases, &c. This {s futile. | 49d upon actual results achieved through WUE C HU Hat UOna CRT ry Ne he DUS ° e . 7 | AIR RAIDS TESTED

street cleaning force.

The fact that accruals from all de-
partments may he used for any galary
Purpose has not been mentioned by
members of the Board of Estimate in
their talks with representatives of the
patrolmen's and firemen's associations.
Somehow the men for whom thia special

Enough money has been saved already
to do the trick.
fund.
Meanwhile members of the Estimate
Board are hearing from many taxpayer
citizens in behalf of the patrolmen and
firemen. Hiram Bloomingdale of Bloom-
ingdale Bros has bestirred himself nobly

It is in the accruals

the banishment of the saloon from all
the flelds under the direct supervision of
the Navy Department.

“Speaking for the enlisted men and
personnel of the Navy," said Secretary
Tvanieis, “I want to say that the elim-
ination of liquor has increased efficiency
in every particular and that the order

ness of the distillers, wholesalers and
retailers of liquor as well as of manu-
facturers would have to deal. Mr. John-
stone said:

“It is estimated in dry sources con-
sidered reliable that there are tn exist-
ence in this country whiskey, gins, wines
and other alcoholic liquors between 200,-

or

yesterday after a trip lasting more thnn
three months, travelled along the Brit-
ish, French, Belgian, Itallan and Amer-
{ean fighting fronts from northern
France into Italy under circumstances
jthat brought him into closer touch with
military, political and economic condi-
tions on the civilized sides of the bat-

at the time.
A Sample of U. S. Spirit.

Mr. Holt gave one incident as typical
of the spirit of our new young army
abroad.

-It was immediately after Cantigns.,
where Mr. Holt was the first civilian to
arrive after the Americans had taken

 

again.

| The Democratic State convention will
|open here to-morrow night, the Prohibi-
ltion convention will be held Friday and
Saturday and the National party gath-
ering on July 4. The Soctalists have al-
| ready named a ticket.

|

 

| Alarm Heard Within Radius
| of Sixteen Blocks.

|
| At least part of New York knows this
morning what the alarm will sound like

 

 

0 250.0 0 allons re m { asible for civillan in- | if the metropolis ever is made the target
appeal is being made have fallen into|in the cause. Some of the men from|has already demonstrated its eMcacy unune A CMOGAY. SaiGAtion Ot soites veilibatarer ox 4 Puls to obtain. As for the place. In the midet of the victori- BRICK KILLED BOY, 11. for an air raid. After warning had been
the supposition that the only accruals| whom he will transmit letters to the/ and tts wisdom. thing Ike €500,000,000, ous melee a young Lieutenant named ae sent

possibly transferable to them must be

city officials are Louls Sherry, W. Mc-

In every case, he declared, where there

}
!
Against this |
'

his investigations of American military

Lockard had been fighting, at the head

Says George Misfeldt Hit

throughout the neighborhood

\ the
' police tried out for the first time the big,

|
; i $500,000,000 awe a basis of credit there} matters abroad, he saw our own ex- ‘
those of their own police and fire de-| Master Mills, ViCAsTHORASHE BF INE Cane Ar bition Tae recite fee ee are outstanding obligations in the way | peditionary forces from their point of of pelea von. el Sree nat apart | Frederick Helmes With It. deep throated siren that has been in-
partmenta. The: fivatice committee of | tral Union Trust Company, R. 3 - Haan, and spoke volumes in favor of the] vf bank and trade indebtedness amounts | debarkation {11 Europe right up to—and from the general engagement. ; Santee Miatalatn a eonp aia daaat dan stalled for just such an emergency
the Board of Estimate got the figures| proprietor of the St. Regis Hotel; Mich- che i: Furtt On lec! zai hose | that we believe will aggregate from | into—the front line American trenches| _ Lieut Lockard and ‘his little com- ZOO ES 2 aya eoRete Seearrren aiid ee atop the plant of the Edison
and proved that the salary savings in| ael Dreicer, president of peer 5 ac Sei annbaea is the. GRAS Wane $200,009,900 to $250,000,000 In France. mand sould not be pecnunted a wees Panes earien ar the uiltiog ce olevere Electric Light Company en the Kast *
these departments were not in the firsi|the Fifth avenue jewellers, udley Se EN nee “If the Jones amendment becomes KF h ldolt o oye some of the dust was settled. Two days for investigat I jelever'- | River front at Thirty-eighth street ne
half of the year, and would not be in| Field Malone, Fred Sterry., manager of since approved {it and testified to the renc olize Our ys. later a Colone) and Lieutenagt-Colone) year-old Frederick Helmes of 120 Eust }

the second half of the year, large enough
to provide for even an increase of $50
au man, at the rate of $100 a year, to
say nothing of the greater sum that

the Plaza Hotel; J. Clarence Davies, the
real estate man; Daniel Knopf, Jr., of
Weber & Hetlbroner, Franklin Simon,
the merchant, and Isaac Gimbel of Gim-

 

benefits which have accrued to all con-
cerned,

Cites Two Examples,

 

eperative the security back of this in-

debtednesa will become as worthless as,
if it were all consumed by a great con- |

flagration without any insurance what-
ever on the same.

He saw big stretches of France that
seemed “all United States,” he said,
where French men and women and thelr
litUe ones looked on with an enthusiasm

 

came upon the young Lieutenant. He
popped up from the trench he had been
ordered to take—and had taken; and
first of all he apologized for the two

   

102d etreet on Monday. It is charged
by Ruth Strumpf, 16, of 103 Fast 102d
| street, that she and Misfeldt were throw-
| Ing stones and bricks from the roof of a

 

The test was made at 9 o'clock and
the big siren sent forth its shrill blasts
| continuously for five minutes. For more
than an hour before that time policemen
on post for

 

 

| | ‘ many blocks around had
would be required for a 10 per cent. in-| be! Bros. Others who want immediate] 4. an {ilustration of what the enact- | approaching worship as the American] day growth of beard that was hiding | house in East 102d street and that Mis- spread word of the test through the !
crease. action should communicate with the] ment of a dry law could do for the ship-| Would Affect Whole Stracture, boys in khaki went by with the Stars/ his face. |feldt threw the brick that struck the tenements and other residential places,
But why restrict the eurvey to those | Mayor or some other member of the} ards Mr. Daniels submitted the cases “One-half billion dollars in property | 2nd Stripes fluttering in the breezes His Colonel aske@ him where were | Helmes boy on the head. The boy died| Hence there were only a few who did
two departments, Police and Fire, when | Board of Estimate at once of Mare Island, California, and of caGaR Gariint a Aearoven eee ree Here were the Jack the Giant Killers, | hie men. | Several hours later in Mount Sinai Hos-| not know the reason for the uproar,
sccruals are piling up in every depart- So Newport, R. I. The commandants cf tate nttectiix’ our entire credit struc. come to win the war. And {t was with “There are only eight of them alive, | pital. - , Police sentries were stationed at various
ment and bureau in the city and are at ADRIFT 5 DAYS ON PLANE. these yards, he said, repeatedly had ap- | ture. as the business 1s more or jesa in. | that feeling, that Americans are to be] sir," answered Lieut. Lockard, “andthey | The gir! said that Misfeidt was in the! places in the neighborhood to note the
the absolute disposal of the Board of ace Ls pealed for an order prohibiting the sale | terwoven with a great Manviother lines tine ne death, right side up, that Mr.| are still holding the positions they were Street when she saw him, and that 6he| carrying volume of the siren and a
Estimate to use as it sees fit? Ie it be- N at Youth, rn an of liquor within the five muiie limit. | o¢ SGnana and the disastrous effects Holt came home yesterday. _ | ordered to hold. ‘But none fell hack , tossed down some pebbles. The youth | checking up of their reports indleated
cause one member of the board has said |~°™ Bedtord. Vauth: Reseued:: Res After full consideration the orders were Nb ; Rone d ad gre at The le tee “You may assure the people back/ and none was captured. The other joined her on the roof and she fled. She! that the warning blasts were « rly dis-
that he would never consent to the trans- covering tn England. put into effect, wig) marked improve- PA wantin ante. in dota ot Ran eine home,” Gen. Pershing told Mr. Hoit one] twenty-nine are still at their positions, said Misfeldt then began throwing | tinguishable within a radius of sixteen
te» to any other part of the city govern- New Brprorp, Mass, June 25.-—-After | ment of work in yards where the eMeci- | ietes and the anita ruining financially day when the editor lunched with the} put they are all dead, sir stones to stop her Meh to the street, square hiecks,

ment of money accrued in his borough
offices? While it is true that the Mitchel
edministration in making up the 1918
budget adopted a rule that ealary trans-
fers cannot be made without unanirnous
consent, it is only a rule and can be
changed at will by the Hylan adminis.
tration, Every adminisiration throws to
the winds a lot of extra legal agreements
trade by its predecessor. The budget is
not sacrosanct. It is not even an ap-
propriation or a set of appropriations.
Tt is merely an estimate of what will
be required to run the city government
in the ensuing year.

Rule May Be Changed.

Some administrations have torn bud-
fee's to shreds before the year passed.
‘The Hylan administration has shifted
Mitchel estimates about to suit itself.
If unanimous consent stands in the way
ef succoring the patrolmen and firemen
and averting the calamity feared by
Chief Kenlon, with a fire force already
weakened by resignations which are
Lound to Increase if a living wage is not
kranted, the rule requiring unanimous
‘onsent can, in the opinion of competent
authorities to whom The Sun has re-
ferred, be changed.

Or if some of the city officers fear, as
some of them do, that a loud outcry
would be raised in their departments if
money saved on accruals in those de-
partments were converted to raise the
patrolmen and firemen, let them remem-
ber that no body of employees except the
patrolmen and firemen have asked for a
raise before January 1. Let them re-
member that no other body of employees
are subjected to anything like the man-
datory expense of uniforms and equip-
ment with which the police and firemen
are burdened, that no other employees
are kept away from their homes in po-
lice station or engine house beds, that

evending five days and nights drifting
about the North Sea on a disabled fiy-
ing machine without food or water
Lieut. Knight B. Owen of the Naval
Flying Corps is at present recuperating
in England, according to word received
here to-day.

Lieut. Owen with his partner was on
patrol duty when an accident to their
seaplane forced them to descend. Five
days later tney were picked up in an
exhausted condition by a _§ destroyer.
Lieut. Owen wrote that he was con-
valescing at the home of Mrs. Spender
Clay, formerly Pauline Astor, at Ford
Manor, Lingfield, England. He is the
gon of Mrs. W. B. Owen of Vineyard
Flaven.

WANTS DOCTORS KEPT HERE.

Dr. Briggs, in Speech, Opposes En-
listment,

SaraToca Sprincs, N. Y., June 25.—
The opinion that physicians should re-
main at home to care for the civil popn-
lation ratler than enlist in the army, un-
less a special demand was made for their
services, was expressed by Herman M.
Briggs, State Health Commissioner, at
the opening here to-day of the annual
conference of 500 physicians and health
officers from various parts of the State.

“No nation can produce a fit army
unless its people are fit,’’ he added,

Co). Simon Flexner asserted that
modern medical science has practically
abolished pestilences which were for-
merly as much a part of war as military
operations.

Gov. Charles 8. Whitman paid tribute
to the ninety-six health officers and
thirty members of the State Department
of Health who are in war service.

 

 

 

jeney formerly was of a very high order
The saloon, he said. is a temptation
which should not be permitted to exist
and “which ought not to prevail wher-
ever we wish to obtain the highest pos-
sible efficiency.”

Speaking of the general

 

 

effects of
prohibition legislation Mr. Daniels told
the committee that reasoning from the
change of opinion in districts which have
gone dry there is no reason whatever
to dread dissatisfaction or to shirk the
issue,

“When the Congress of the United
States," said the Secretary, ‘tells two
million soldiers and 400,000 sailors that
they are not to take liquor or go into
a@ saloon {t cannot be argued that you
are encroaching on the rights of indi-
Viduais when you make these restraints
universal.”

“We ought not to use a bushel of
wheat for anything which is not a prime
necessity for eating or for drinking,
much less tolerate a business that is
not essential and which lessens effic!-
ency,"’ concluded Mr. Daniels.

Postmaster-General Burleson prefaced
his testimony with the statement that
in enunciating his views on the ineffici-
ency and lack of necessity of a bone
dry law to facilitate production of ships
or aircraft or any of the other neces-
sities of war he was stating his own
Private views and not posing as the
spokesman of the Ad:ninistration.

“This is no time to have patience with

‘ fanatics,” he said. “Nothing should be
| done to lessen the strength or diminish
the energy of the American people. I
don't believe in class legislation. If I
believed this legislation would help bring
the,war speedily to an end I would be in
favor of it at once, It seems to me that
you gentlemen should seek information
of the ood Administrator or the Secre-
tary of Agriculture. 1 believe this legis-
lation would be disturbing and might re-

not only of the people directly engaged
in the business but also of thousands of
shareholders, a large number of whom

}are women and children.

“Many of the wholesale and retall
dealers in alcoholic beverages as well aa
many wholesale and retail grocers and

drug stores have borrowed large amounts |

of money during the last e#ixty days
in order to pay the floor tax which be-
came effective in May. These companies

in turn have not had the opportunity |

of disposing of their stock of goods and
consequentiy are still indebted heavily

to the banks also {n connectign with the |

floor tax piymente.”

Sweden Asked Again to Report on
Turkish Outrages.

Wasuincton, Juns 25.—Another in-
quiry has been sent to Sweden by the
American Government asking for in-
formation concerning the reported
seizure of the American Consulate and
looting of an American hospital by
Turkish troops at Tabriz, Persia. It
was disclosed to-day that the State
Department already has asked the
Swedish Government twice to report the
facts as quickly as possible and has
addressed a similar request to
Spanish Government

If the report as received by the De-

partment from the American Minister at |

Teheran last week {s confirmed, it prob-
ably will means a declaration of a state
of war with Turkey, Officials said to-

day there was no disposition to blame |

the Stockholin and Madrid foreign of- |
fices for delay in reporting on the in-
cident, as it was taken for granted the
trouble was at Constantinople.

 

the |

leader of our army in France. “that the
men they have gent here are doing mag-
nifleent work But more and more
American fighting men must come as
fast os is humanly possible and in the
greatest possible quantities imunediately.
What is needed is the mightiest hind of
effort in the Untted States, not soon but
now, to raise a great army, quite with
the feeling that the war fs to go on for
yeara, and that the winning of it de-
pends entirely upon us,

“That's the spirit America must have,"
ithe General continued across the lunch-
eon table. “All America must go tnto
| the thing heart and soul, not next year
‘but now; for a great American army

sent here at this tine would be immeas-
urably more effective, both in a military
sense and psychologically, than the same
number of men dribbling over here
| throughout a protracted stretch of time.”

Flying Men Angry.

| Mr. Holt said it was beyond his
| powers to express proper appreciation of
| the splendid work of our fighting men at
|the front or of the work of the Red
Crees and kindred organizations back of
the lines, Also it was difflcult for him
to find words strong enough to express
, his feelings about our failure—our “‘cul-
| pable” failure, as he put it—in our air-
plane and machine gun programme.

One got a notion from Mr. Holt's com-
ments on our lack of flying machines
abroad, however, that the idle American
fiers who sit around mournful when
|} they aren't savagely heated find words
| to say about those responsible for their
enforced idleness which would have to
be deleted in a household journal, even if
the words didn't meit the cables in mid-

| ocean,

Of particular interest to the visiting
American were the systematic efforts
even now in the making In England and

 

which you can

out your
or other

Relieve yo

serving t
vision, if

  

,

A ‘‘voluntary’’ trust is a contract under

put in trust with this

Company all or any part cf your property
while you are still living. Thus you can—

Protect your principal and be
assured an income through-

life.

Make provision for your family

dependents during

your life and afterwards.

urself of details in

caring for your property, re-

he right of super-
you wish.

   
 

’

Ss
=:
ROT Reond

Pele
SS  e

  

SQNG

France toward the establishment of a -- Se
no other employees face the hazards|TRANSPORT SINKS CAR FLOAT. | uit in delaying the prosecution of the} SUTHERLAND TO. KEEP SEAT. | great icague of nations among the Allies. . Gy
bh ana 7 Crete’ das [ae war. I do not think {t would be disas- | Brilish and French commissions, the In fact, you can make almost any pro- ia Yi “4 i
fe “|Ome Man Believed to Have Been|trous. Senate Committee Diemisses the) members selected from the greatest coe : : ’ 1 1 We,
loyees are on duty eleven hours a day, “ , , ‘ a s ’ p by!
™ are the patvolmas, OF twenty hours & Drowned Following Collision. IT have always believed tn the per Charges Brought by Chilton. statesmen of the two countries, are vision for disposing of either principal y V }

sonal liberty of the citizen and have

a a erect gear ar ie a ere irene

ready right now, particularly right now,

 

ee Ee

Hi

oy
: igh 1 OG py Hi
day, am are the firemen. , An incoming British transport rammed | been against prohibition, as I am now.| WasniNGToN, June 25,--Senator Suth-|to take the first formative steps in the or income. YY sf
When Mayor Hylan says he favors in-| ang gunk a car float in a fog yesterday | If this bone dry law 1s enacted it willlerland (W. Va.), Republican, ts entitled | establishment of such an international Oe yt fH
creases for all city workers getting! morning off Liberty Island, sending four- {cause a fight in every Congressional dis-|to hia seat In the United States Senate, | league and gladly would welcome, says A Te UR A
$1,500 a year or less he Is properly ap- | teen freight cars loaded with army sup- in the United States where pro-|the Senate Privileges and Mlections Com-| Mr, Holt, the entry of the United State . as YN ae i
t i } . rite or call for torm-booklet e yy
pianeed, «tee are een a sien plies bound for the Bush Terminal in mittee decided et dismissing the | into such an all embracing organization, ’ i ‘4h HI
Who ought to 'be ra prabably will | Brooklyn to the bottom of the channel. election contest brought a year ago by| “And the foreign commissions now 99 7 cs J ha
a by ey eo = ee The transport was undamaged and one/he had no specific knowledge of what/ former Senator C1 ilton, Democrat, work on the problem," Mr. Holt es Voluntary Trust. W hen you have filled iP
makers to consider for the rest of this! man aboard the car float is supposed to| the effect of prohibition had been where] Crilton had charged that excessive | tinued, “would prefer to perfect such a . : . e |
year. The police and fire emergency ex- | nave been drowned. It had been adopted. Referring to the} amounts of money had been spent in the|leaguo now rather than later on i the 1t out, our officers will be glad to give ii]
ists right now. In the opinion of those The float was In tow of the tug Fred | action of certain of the sentimental pro-|election and that irregularities had oc-| war or after it is ended. . ay
who have studied all erpects of the prob-! B, palzell, lashed alongside, but the tug | hibitionists he said ‘they are deliberately | curred in tabulating the returns. “The league, so 1 was told by the eml- you, either by personal conference or by ti

lem the Mayor and certain other mem-
bers of the Estimate board have not suf-
ficiently considered these two facts:
First, the needa of the patrolmen and
firemen are more acute at the moment
than those of any other group of city
employees; second, whatever may come
{9 pass in other departments the weak-
ening of elther the fire or police force
ey further resignations, if the Board: of
Kstimate is in a position to end resigna-
tions by raising the wage, will not be
tolerated by the city.

Big Sum Ready for Use.

Now as to accruals again:

In January, from all city sources, as
distinguished from the payroll of the
ccunties within the city, which cannot
be. used for other than county purposes,
thé salary accruals amounted to §84,-

:

saved herself by cutting the lashings
when her skipper noted that the float
was certain to be struck. The cars tum-
bled into the water when the float heeled
under the transport's bow.

The Dalzell picked up one of the men
who had charge of the car float. Wreck-
ers went to work soon after the acci-
dent to salvage the cars.

Boy of 14 Accased of Nootlegging.

Joseph Swiniarski, 14, was arrested at
Jamaica yesterday charged with selling
liquor to soldiers. Because of his youth
nothing more serious than juvenile de-
linquency could be charged against him
when he was arraigned in the Children’s
Court. Frank Feder of 139 Rockaway
Road, who is charged with giving the
boy the liquor he offered for sale, was
arrested.

 

pestering you into action.”

The appearance of the Postmaster-
General was very evidently not to his
liking. Hence his protest against his
views being considered as anything more
than his personal opinions. “I am an
old fashioned Democrat,” said the Post-
master-General, ‘‘and I don't believe In
prohibition.”

Mlurley Favors Delay.

The statement of Chairman Hurley of
the Shipping Board followed very closely
upon the lines laid down a few days ago
by Commissioner Colby of the Shipping
Board, who reappeared to reiterate his
opinion expressed before. Mr. Hurley's
statement won the closest attention of
the committee. He said: “If merely pri-
vate intereeta were affected | have no
hesitancy in saying chat 1 would wel-

trict
hibition could be an issue."
The Postmaster-General insisted that

   

Per MONTH
PLEDGE OF

1%

PERSONAL PROPERTY

THE PROVIDENT LOAN SOCI
OF NEW YORK

Applications for loans of large
amounts will be considered at
the office at Fourth Avenue and
25th Street.

ON | MANHATTAN

Fourth Avenue, cor. 25th Street.
Eldridge St., cor. Rivington St,
East Houston St., cor. Essex St.
Seventh Av., bet. 48th & 49th Sts,
Easington Av., cor, 124th St,
Grand St.. cor. Clinton St.
| E.72dSt., bet Lesington & 3d Ave,
| Eighth Av., cor. 127th St

ee BRONX
| Courtlandt Av., cor. 148th St.

BROOKLYN
Smith St., cor. Livingston St.
Graham Av., cor. Debevoise St.
Pitkin Av., cor, Rockaway Av,

ETY

Astor Trust Offics:
Sth Ave. at 42d St.

i
a

ieeee

letter, further information about the ad-
vantages of such an arrangement. .

 

Downtown Office:
16 Wall Street

BANKERS TRUST COMPANY

Member Federal Reserve System