oe

  

L LXXVL—NO. 247,

V0

TVG JOINS THE NANTICOKE

7) OF THE SUPPOSED CASTRO
SQ! 1DRON NOW TOGETHER.

 

hates & Co. of This City Seld Beth the
steamship ana tie N, ¥.. Central

‘yacht’ Despatch te Soemehedy
Seizure of Nanticoke NotCoenfirmed,

Wasrtinaton, June 185-The informa-
tion wnich reached Washington last night
that the steamship Nanticoke, supposed
to be engaged in a filibustering expedition
in the interest of ex-President Castro of
Venezuela, has been captured near Eden-
ton, N.., by the revenue cutter Pamlico
is now declared to have been of unofficial
origin and up to to-night had not been
confirmed from official sources. Officers
of the United States revenue cutter ser-
vice, which is a branch of the Treasury
Department, waited all day for news
from the commander of the Pamlico
that a capture had been effected, but got
no word of any Kiad from him or any
otber Government official in North Caro-
lina

Eugene Tyler Chamberain, Commis-
sioner of Navigation, who je an officer of
the Department of Commetee and Labdr,
obtained the information upon which the
Government is proceeding in its effort
to overhaul the Nanticoke. Commis-
sioner Chamberlain communicated his
reports to Ormsby McHarg, the ecting
Secretary of Commerce and Labor, who’
in turn laid it befohe the Secretary of the
Treasury. Mr. Chamberlain's informa-
tion was that the Nanticoke was sus-,
pected of having been chartered in the
interest of Castro and that its object waa
either to carry arms and ammunition
to revolutionary forces in Venezuela or
to take Castro aboard and land him on
the soil of his native land in order that
he might lead pereonally the forces with
which he hopes to overthrow President
Gomez, who took advantage of Castro's
sbeence in Eyrope to proclaim himself
head of the republic.

The Nanticoke is a sidewhee! steamer
and was built in Wilmington, Del., ia 4875.
Until recently she was owned by Kates
+ Co. ef New York, Not long ago, when
the was plying between Norfolk. Va..
and points on Albemarle Sound, N. C.,
there Was a transfer of ownership, but
the names of her new owners have not
been officially recorded. About the same
me anotber vessel, a iarge seagoing tug
plying in the same waters, was sold through

the agency of the firm which had handled
the transfer of the Nantiooke. Govern-
ment officials in view of the information
they have suspect that both veasela were
suld to Castro or persons representing
lim. with the intention of using them for
fiibustering purposes in Castro's in-
terest

One report has it that other vessels
were procured for the same alleged fili-

duster ind the plan is to have all the
ships concerned concentrate at a given

point and with Castro aboard one of | against Glove and Hosiery Schedule. |

them proceed to the Veneznelan coast,
where followers of Castro will be as- |
tembled to take charge of the ammuni-
tion supposed to be on the veseel . When
last heard from Castro was in Spain.
‘ne story heard is that Castro is to leave
Spain and join his alleged filibustering
expedition at some point not far away
from the Venezuelan corst

Norrouk, Va., June 13.—Interest in the |
fleamer Nanticoke suspected of filibus- |
tering designs in the interest of Castro und |
now in Blackwater River at Franklin,
Va./ has been heightened by the silent
arrival in the Blackwater of an unknown
vessel of yachtlike appearance. The
tewcomer dropped anchor several miles
below Franklin, and so far as ia hore

 

has had no communication with the shore,
although thegeport got out that there is
4 party of New Yorkera aboard, out on a|
pleasure jaunt. The boat appears to be
a fast steamer. It is a bare possibility
that the new arrival is a revenue outter. *

There were no developments in connec-
tion with the Nanticoke to-day. So far
as is known the vessel has made no effort
‘o get away from Franklin. Revenue
ficers will unlikely consider it necessary
‘o molest her as long as she remaips
quiet

4 while ago the New York Central rail-
tad sold one of its tugs called the De-
Satch to Kates & Co., a firm of ex-
forters, which is supposed to have dealt
* good deal in a business way with persons
in Central America, notably tn Venezuela.
Fifteen days ago the Deapatch left this
bort southward bound. The nature of
‘ts cargo, if it had any, le unknown to the
Government. The Despatch was listed
4s a private yacht and as such did uot
have to clear at the Custom House. ~

Venezuelans in New York who are
Nere-ted in thwarting any attemft to re-
‘Metate tormer President Castro got an
Underground tip several days ago that
41,000 rifles destined eventually for Venez-
tla had been shipped from Belgium to

 

New York in the hold of a Red Star liner. |'

'hey also heard that a vessel was lurking
D Albemarle Sound ready to receive the
‘ifes when they should arrive from New

ork :

The Venezuetans were so sure that *|
Volution was on the cards 22 soon as

* 51.000 rifles could be got to thelr re-
ble that they hurried to the United
4 officials with their feate and
ised a sevret service investigation
he etarted

Tue 91.000 rifles got here all right. There
‘ere SO) cases of them according t6 the
‘unt of the seeret service men. They
‘ere consigned without any attempt at
(isgiuise to Carl Hirsch of 8t. Louis, who

 

* In the business of supplying arms,
lew cr rusty, to anybody with the poo
These particular rifles were second D
The theory is that they were -Aagtrian

  

army discards, ‘

The seoret service agents kept watoh
‘n the §00 cases to see that no rakigh
Craft sneaked down the Hudson asd
bore them off to Albemarle Bound, So

   
    

    

 

 

 

of ‘the Mdkes.. This route is called the
slow route.” The rifles can’t get to St.
Louis inside of a month, sooormiag to
the @ of the men in New York
who still have an eye on them. ‘

A man who has had something to do
with the investigation, a report of which
has been sent to the State Department,
said faat-tight that he took little stock
in the ‘allegation of filibustering inten-
tions againat the Nanticoke.

“It lookig ta"me,” he said, “as if some-
body or other has been running to the
Venesuelans with yarns about rifles and
getting employment as detectives. The
idea that the million dollars supposed
to have been nent to New York from Spain
by Castro would be devoted to sneaking
those 31,000 rifles from Europe seemed
absurd to me all the time. If anybody
is looking for arms for revolutionists he
can get enough to stock a dozen rumpuses
of the Central American kind right here
in New York. For instance there's a
desler in military goods with an office in
the city and a regular arsenal up on an
island in the Hudson. If the Venezue-
lans said the word he could supply them
with guns and ammunition for an army,
and they wouldn't cost a million dollars
either.”

It was said last night at the Ansonia,
which is the residence of Norbert B.
Kates, sole partner in Kates & Co,, that
he sailed for Europe about a week ago.
His place of business is at 79 Wall street.

 

GOT EVEN WITH C. BR. DURYEA,

Discharged Nurse Teld Police There Was
@ Lanatic tn the Honec.

A telephone message came to Police
Headquarters shortly before 2 o'clock
yesterday nforning.

“This is 80 Madison avenue,” said the
_ er, “and we have a dangerous lunatic

ere.”

Two policemen were hustled around
from the Tenderloin station and an ambu-
lance with Dr. Butterfield was hurried from
the New York Hospital. Chester
Duryea lives at 80 Madison avenue and the
telephone’ message had been sent by
Reginald W. Claris, a trained nurse.

The policemen found Mr. Duryéa
apparently calm and rational and Dr.
Butterfield, after a quick examination,
got back into hig ambulance and left.
Then there was quiet again.

Mt. Duryea was asked last night what
the telephone message meant. “I had

words with a trained nurse who has
here with me while I have been
recovering fromm a nervous breakdown,”
he said, “and he got impudent and was
discharged To get even he made all the
trouble he could and called up the police.

Of course I’m not insane.” ~

Chester H. Duryea is a son of Gen
Hiram Duryes, at one time head of the
National Starch Company and a civil war
veteran,

In 190% the younger Duryea's wife sued
him for a separation and the case at-
tracted some attention because of the long
list of names each testified the other used.
“Slob,” “lobster” and many others were
mentioned at the trial. Mrs. Duryea got
a decree'on the groand of cruelty." —"

Duryea is known as an amateur aftist
and painter. He was graduated from
Columbia in 1893.

AN AVALANCHE OF

To Deseend on Washington

WOMEN
to Protest |

 

Curcaoo, June 18.—If tentative plans

| now forming go through an avalanche of

women will fall upon Washington some

 

CAPT, RAYMOND SHOT DOWN

REPRIMANDED TROOPER FIRES
PROBABLY FATAL SHOT.

Sergeant aad Cerpurai Aise Sioi—riur-
‘derous Seldier Then Turns Pistol on
Himeelf—Capt. Raymond Paralyzed
and =6Ret Expected to Recover,

Des Mornes, Ia., June 18.—Capt. John
G. Rayniond of Troop B, Second U. 8.
Cavalry, a member of a prominent army
family, may die as a result of a wound
sustained in a shooting affray~at Fort
Des Moines to-day.

Upon being reprimanded by Capt.
Raymond for overataying his leave of
absence Corporal Lisle Crabtree drew a
revolver and began firing at his com-
manding officer.

The first bullet went wild, the second
struck Sergt. Jams HX Washburn, the
third hit Capt. Raymond and the fourth
found a victim in Corporai Elijah Such.

The angry trooper then turned the pis-
tol on himself and fired the remaining
bullet into his breast.

With tMe exception of Capt. Raymond
nong of the four is seriously injured.

The shooting took place just after
guard mount. Capt. Raymond sum-
moned Crabtree to inquire why he had
not returned to the post at the time re-
quired by his leave of absence. The
trooper explained that he misunderstood

; the time he was to return and asked Capt.
| Raymond to reduce him to the
Capt. Raymond informed him that if
he would make out a formal petition
to the Colonel to be reduced he would
approve it. Crabtree then requested
| $6 be transferred to another regiment.
This request Capt. Raymond explained

B. | he could not grant.

Quick as a flash the trooper drew his
revolver and began to shoot, aiming
directly at Capt. Raymond. At the first
shot Sergt. Washburn rushed at the
would-be murderer, but was stopped by
the second bullet. *

Capt. Raymond then rushed in and
seized Crabtree, grappling with him until
a bullet entered his neck.

hen Capt. Raymond fell the trooper
turned the gun on Corporal Such and sent
a bullet into his left arm. He will re-
© over.

Following the shooting Capt. Raymond
was removed to the regimental hospital,
where an examination by the surgeons
showed the wound to be extremely seri-
ous. Dr. Wilton MoCarthy was called
to the fort for consultation. Capt. Ray-
mond was placed in a car detailed by the
Officials, the crew receiving instructions
from the despatcher to rur straight
through without a stop.

The special was hurriei to Meroy
Hospital, where an X-ray examination
was made. The bullet struck three

below the left ear and ranged
downward, striking the fourth vertebra
and breaking off a piece of it.

To-night Capt. Raymond lies in a pre-
carious condition. Even if he does live
he will be permanently paralyzed. He
has lost all control of the muscles below
his shoulders. Because of the shock
resulting from the injury it was decided
| to defer probing for the bullet until to-
| morrow morning, when an operation will
| probably be performed for its removal,

  

SU ener ne

NO “MISS" FOR NEGRO GIRL.

iahed for Demanding It.

MEMPHIS, June 13.—Indignation over
the determined efforte of a negro girl
to foros white women to address her as
“Migs” came toa headin Greenville, Miss.,
last night and resulted in the hasty de-
parture from that city of the family of
E. W. Lampton, Bishop of the African
Methodist Episcopal Church,

The girl is the nearly grown daughter
of Bishop Lampton. For some time she
has vainly insisted that the title be used
by saleswomen in stores and by telephone
operators.

On Saturday the negro girl was un-
usually insistent for her title and after
sharp words addressed to one of the tele-
phone operators declared that her father
would force white hirelings to speak to
her In a becomingly respectful manner.

Shortly after this threat Lampton
called at thé telephone exchange and in
an interview with the manager de-
manded that all the young women em-
ployed there be forced to address his
daughter as Miss Lampton. 6

Tie manager Geciined to issue any such
order, and on his making ‘the interview
known an indignation meeting was held
by the citizens, who gave Lampton five
hours to take his family from the city.
They departed promptly, the girl for
Oberlin, Ohio; and Lampton for Cin-
cinnati.

MOTHER SWIMS WITH BABY.

Saves Hérself and Child After Boat Up-
sets—One Women Drowned.

PROVIDENCE, June 138.—Five persons,
including an eight-months-old baby, were
thrown into the water and Mrs. Valerie
Petit, 26,. of Pawtucket, was drowned
when a smal) sailboat overturned at the
India ;Point railroad |bridge over the
Seekonk River late this afternoon.

In the party were Mr. and Mrs. Robert
and their child and Mr. and Mrs. Edmond
Petit. They had sailed up the bay from
Crescent Park and had turned up the
Seekonk to continue their sail to Paw-
tucket. The railroad bridge is only a
few feet above the water and the current
runs beneath it like a millrace. The boat
was a 16 foot rowboat in which a mast
had been stepped, and as the oraft ap-
proached the bridge Petit threw over
the anchor, wishing to bring the boat
to a atandatill until the mast could be taken
down.

The anchor failed to reach bottom, as
the water is about 90 feet deep at that
point. Carried by the incoming tide the
boat swept against the bridge. The
mast caught and turned the boat bottom
up. Robert was the only one in the
party who could swim. He tried to aid
his wife, but found himself helpless,
Petit was pulled into the bridge by a rope.

Mrs; Petit went down when the boat
turned and was seen no more. Mrs.
Robert, clutching her baby with one
hand, kept herself above the surface
with the other, floating rapidly up stream.
More than 100 yards above the bridge a
boat sent from shore, paught her just-as
she was about to give up. The baby was
unconscious but later revived.

GIRL ROBBED IN OFFICE.

Thief Wanders In, Knocks Her Down
and Takes Her Week's Pay.

Edythe V. Fitzgerald, stenographer

for J. C. Van Loon, a lawyer with offices

 

in the Hamilton Building, 217 Weat 125th

street, was assaulted and robbed in Van
Loon's office shortly before noon on

lok etation to go on his bond, buthe was | this

day, but several were stoned, though no | inhabitants.
one was badly hurt.

Capt. Raymond is a son of Brig.-Gen.
Charles W. Raymond, retired, U. 8. A.,
Engineer, formerly in charge of rivers

day soon that will make Congress take
notice that there is decided opposition

to the proposed glove and hosiery tariff. land harbors at New York. He has a
erecta liven coat ics wee ues | Brother, Rowers Raymond, Mejor 3
sent by the Federation of Cook County | Engindws, ot New York. Hels married

‘ ; a ae {and has two children.
ne Paina at oe Boa eat je Capt. Raymond is a native of NewYork

| and ‘was appointed to the Military Aaa-

rome, eicctse with ate <0 Sree |demy from Pennsylvania during his
Soe Sicnatah | worm oc fib | | father's period of service in the Engineer-
Be Fy eit s : a 2 | ing Corps. He is regarded as the kindest
Bined the agitation was stared there | commander in the treatment of his troop-

|ers among al! the Captains at Fort Des
has been much correspondence between | ‘ pees Pr
the officers of the Cook County Federation | Moines. Investigation failed to discover

and officials of other women’e clubs, not °2Y indication that he had had any pre-

only praising the work done in Chicago! vious altercation with Crabtree and/|

4 . . ' -° | officers are unable to account for the sud-
rea pledging support if further action is | den desire of the corporal to kill ae |

as superior.
Fakighh ie has ine ie momen ped Crabtree is still th charge of army
Suifiolentiy Impressed with the volume of | °ficere and may be tried by court-mar-
the protest nor the widespread taterent |
that women in all parts of the country are | ran :
taking in the proposed tariff schedule on | Fyre ae Poet anes
these necessary articles of wearing ap-| ; :

 

 

 

 

Saturday by a man who said that he
wanted to see the lawyer. The thief |
got $15, Miss Fitzgerald's week's pay, |
which she had in a drawer of her type-
writer table.

Mr. Van Loon left his office about 11
o'clock Saturday after paying Miss Fitz- |
gerald and told her that she could close
up at noon.

About a quarter to 12 Miss Fitegeral
was tidying things about her table when
aman about 30 years old, 5 feet 7 inches
tall, clad in a gray suit and wearing a
soft felt hat entered and asked for the
lawyer. |

He was told that Mr. Van Loon had
gone for the day and the man said he
would oome back Monday.

Miss Fitagerald went into an adjoin- |
ing office to get a magazine from a gir! |
friend, and when she returned say the |

 

the man hit Miss Fitzgerald in the face:
and before she could scream he hit her!

 

‘ wt Ay

 

 

MUTINY IN THE PHILIPPINES

CONSTABULARY BESIEGR AMER-
ICANS IN A CHURCH.

 

Company at Davao, Mindahao, Attack
Officers—Fiee to the Hills After Three
Hours Firing ~Planter Killed; Others
Wounded — Troops Pursue Rebdels,

Special Cable Despatch to Tam’ SUN.

MaNIL4, June 18.—The second company
of constabulary stationed at Davao,
Mindanao, mutinied on the night of June
6 and attacked their officers. A native
Lieutenant was wounded.

After the attack the mutineers were
inactive for a while. This delay fortu-
nately permitted Gov, Walker to rally
the Americans in a church, which was
hastily fortified.

The mutineers attacked’ the church
the mext afternoon and shots were ex-
changed for three hours. One Ameri-
can pianter was kijied and three others
were wounded. : .

The mutineers then withdrew to the
mountains apparently frightened by the
approach of loyal constabulary from the
garrison at Mati and detachments of the
Twenty-third Infantry.

The troops new ocoupy Davao and are
cooperating with the constabulary in
searching the hills for the mutineers.
The latter possess thirty rifies and am-
munition.

The cause of the mutiny is unknown.
It is apparently merely a local defection.

Acting Governor-General Forbes says:
“The affair, deplorable as it seems, does
not change my opinion of the constabu-
lary nor my belief in their general
loyalty and excellence.

“Judgment must be reserved until
fuller details are received.”

WasHINGTON, June 18.—The War De-
partment says it has no report of the
Mindanao mutiny as yet.

 

Davao is the capital of a district of the
same name and a pueblo on the head of
the western arm of Davao Gulf. The town
was founded in 1847 and had in 1902 a
population uf 2,808. The port is a regular
point of call for steamers from Manila.

Davao Bay is on the south shore of
Mindanao Island. It is capable of receiv-
ing veasels of any size, but the anchorage
is inferior. :

The province of Davao, which takes
in the whole southeastern part of Min-
danao, is only partially organized. It is
extremely mountainous, its highest peak
being 10,812 feet, with many summits
ranging from 2,000 to 6,000 feet.

The distance of the capital where the
mutiny took place from Manila is 995
milgs. Except in the vicinity of Davao
ait She tome and Villages are on the coast.

ig some communication by river

MN.

+ NEW YORK, MONDAY, JUNE 14. 1909,—copvrion, 1909, AG Sun Printing and Publishing Aaaociation.

el oe

‘

 

| MASSACRED 5,000 PERSONS.

 

Ralders Create Havoc in Azerbaijan,
Persia—Russia Asked for Heip.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sun.

St. PETERSBURG, June 13.—A despatch
to the Novoe Vremya from Actara, Trans-
caucasia, reports that 5,000 persons have
been massacred by raiders in the Ardebil
district, Province of Averbaijan, Persia.

The leading inhabitants have asked
the Russian Consul to protect the people.

The consulate is full of refugees

HOUSE INSURGENTS ACTIVE.

Conference Called to Consider What
Stand They Shall Take on Tafiff Bill.
Wasninoton, June 18.—There has been

a revival of the insurgent movement

among Republicans of the House of

Representatives and a conference has

been called for to-morrow afternoon te

consider what attitude the insurgents
shall assume toward the pending tariff
bill. The leaders in the movement for

the conference are Represontatives Mur- |

dock of Kansas, Norris of Nebraska and
Lenroot of Wisconsin. Some of the dis-
satisfied element want to vote against the
bill on its final passage. At this time the
principal concern of the House insurgents
appears to be to make such a showing
of disapproval as will stiffen the spine of
the radical Senators who have been
opposing Senator Aldrich’s programme
but who are losing strength and courage
almost daily.

 

FOR THEFT AT THE GATE.

Syrian's Clutch on a Dollar Leads to His
Deportation,

Obannes Kassabian, a Syrian who
landed at Ellis Island on Saturday, made
friends on the trip from the Mediter-
ranean with an Italian boy bound for
Canada. Kassabian, who had been here
before, volunteered to get the boy's money
changed for him at the island. In return-
ing the money Keassabian was a dollar
short. A Spanish immigrant woman
who happened to be near noted that
Kagsabian had hid a silver dollar in his
shoe. The boy apparently had figured
out just the value of his Italian coin in
American money and insisted on having
a dollar more. Kassabian told the boy
that the money changer was responsible

for the mistake and advised the boy to |

protest. He did and Kassabian was ques-
tioned. The Spanish woman told her
story also. Result, silver dollar found
in the shoe of Kassabian, who was ordered
deported as a thief.

 

ALBANIAN WAR RUMOR.

10,000 Tribesmen Said to Have Had
Fierce Battle With Turkish Troops.
Spectal Cable Dé&patch to THe Sun.

LONDON, June 13.—It is reported, with-
out confirmation, from Vienna and
Athens that there has been a fierce fight

 

and wagon roads but for the most part | 4t Djakovitch, northern Albania, between

only by sea. United States troops, how-
ever, have been busy constructing new
[roads for several years.

The two military stations in the province
are at Davao and Macar.

ANTONIO LOPEZ PORT.

Came Off the Long Island Sands Yester-
day Afternoon.

The Spaniah Line steamship’ Antonio
Lopez, which grounded off Point o' Woods

IN

| life saving station on Wednesday night

while bound in, was hauled off by steamers
of the Merritt-Chapman Wrecking Com-
pany at 3:80 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
She passed Fire Island fifty minutes later
in tow of the steamer Relief, getting up
steam in her main boilers to make haven
unassisted. The life savers reported that
the ship was in good shape.

The Lopez anchored in Quarantine.
Capt.
material damage.

FEARS WORST FOR BENNETT.

 

 

10,000 Albanians and twelve battalions
of Turkish troops under Sabir Pasha.

The Albanians’ were repulsed owing
to the deadly fire of the Turkish artillery.
The Ottoman Government is hurrying
twelve more battalions to Djakovitch.

Nothing to confirm the foregoing has
been received from either Constanati-
nople or Salonica.

 

EARLY'S COTTAGE GUARDED.

Precautions Against Any Attempt to

Bring Alleged Leper to This City.

WASHINGTON, June 13.--In order to
guard against a possible attempt to take
John 8. Early, the alleged Washington
leper, out- of Washington, where he is
held a prisoner in a cottage furnished by
the District Governinent, the health

guard around the cottage. Provision has
been made in New York for Early'’s treat-
ment if he is released hefe, but the health
authorities will not release him until

; Monpay, JowE 16, 1900.
Showers followed by clearing to-day; fair to-
morrow; moderate to brisk southwesterly,
shifting to northwesterly winds;

 

PRICE TWO GENTS,

 
      

MORE BRANDRETH MISCHANGE

rae SAILOR BOY'S AUTO HITS
| A TELEGRAPH POLE.

 

He and Miss Armstrong, Whom He Was
to Marry To-morrow; Her Aunt, Miss
McKay, and the Driver All Fouad
Unconsclous—Miss McKay Worst Hart

Ralph Brandreth, the young map who
started from this port two years ago in
the yaw! Taormina to explore the seven
seas and who had so many harrowing
adventures on the edge of the first of the
seven that he lost interest in the otherg,
was hurrying toward New York on Sat-
urday night to get married when bis ayto-
mobile hit a telegraph pole out near Mom-
roe, this State. In the machine with
Brandreth were his fiancée, Miss Edith
C. Armstrong; Miss Martha MoKey of
Sternridge, Pa., the young woman’s aunt,
and Brandreth's driver.

All were thrown from the au!
|and they were found unconscious in the
road by a passing automobilist. They
are laid up now at Monroe. The aunt,
who is 50 years old, is the most seriously
hurt. Her collarbone is broken, her

head badly cut, and it is feared that ake
may have been injured internally. As
for the Brandreth-Armstrong wedding,
it is likely that it will be performed tu
an improvised hospital at. Dr. RB. BH. Ruli-
son's house in Monroe or at the Middle

town Hospital, instead of at the home

of the bride's father, John H. Armstrong,
at 300 West 106th street, to-morrow, as
planned, Mr. Armstrong is treasurer
of Brokaw Bros. %

Young Brandreth and his bride to be
were on their way, with the aunt, from
the Blue Mountain region of Pennsyl-
vania. The young couple had been spéeud-
ing the last days of their courtahip in the
aunt’s summer home. They left there
at 9 o'clock Saturday morning and had
planned to be in this city by midnight
Brandreth had an engagement. to attend
his bachelor dinner to-night, andthe
chances are that his black and—blue
bumps will spoil the plans for that pleas-
ant function also :

The Brandreth party stopped in Gashe3
early Saturday evening and had dinner
with relatives. It was nearly 10 o'oléok
when they resumed their journey New
Yorkward with the driver At tile stest-
ing wheel. They had gone about eig4:
miles on the “State road” and were just
about in front of Brian G. Hughes's 317)-
mer home when the accident occurred.

Reports difler as to the cause of ths
collision with the telegraph pola aad
those who were concerned in it Were not
disposed to talk yesterday. Peraons
who saw the automobile running throug3
Monroe say it was going probably forty
or fifty miles an hour. According to on4

account the rear axle broke and the '

machine lurched to the side of the road
and against the big telegraph pole. An-
other version was that young Brandreth
attempted to change seats with the
driver while the car was under way and
that between them they lost contro!.
| At any rate the rear axle was found
| broken when an examination of the wreck~-
age was made yesterday morning.

The automobile had just come down a
little hill when it ran against the pole.
| The two women were hurled about tea
feet out into the road. Brandreth and his

over the
| crumpled hood of the machine. A large
| chunk was cut out of the pole.

It wasn't more than five or ten minutes
after the accident that an automobile
containing E. P. Morse, the Brooklyn
dry dock man, his wife, Mrs, Amy Wood-
hull of Monroe and Morse's driver cam;

| driver pitched head foremost

 

Mir reports that she suffered no | authorities have placed an additional| bowling along the State road. As the

| glare from the headlights of the Morae
machine flashed upon the wrecked auto
| aaa the four motionless figures in the
road those in the Brooklyn man's oar

U. S. Consul at Naples Cables to Young | they have positive assurances that if | were horror stricken for a second, Then*

Bosien Man's Father.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 18.—Josiah Q. |

tial. He has been in the regiment about |™4n standing near her typewriter table. | Bennett, father of Holland Bennett, the
a year, having enlisted at the close of his | She asked him what he was doing and he | young Boston lawyer who disappeared
His home is at | *ttd it was none of her business. Then | from the steamship Berlin between Genoa |

and Naples last Thursday night, received |
to-day the following cable despatch from |

parel, therefore it is the purpose of the; WASPS BREAK UP A REVIVAL. | again and knocked her to the floor. She| United States Consul Caspar S. Crownin- |

women of Cook county, who from the first
have been the aggressors in the fight,
to show the members of both houses and
even President Taft that this is not a \
local protest | meeting in progress at the Baptist Church
From Michigan, Indiana, Ohio, Wiscon- | here was broken up to-day by the swarm |
sin and Kansas have come letters indor-| ing of yellowjackets which had built |
sing the work done by the Chicago women | nests back of the pulpit. |
and declaring that the clubwomen of | The audience was at high tension, the
these States are a unit in earnest protest | preacher being engaged in ca!ling sine
againbt any advance in the tariff on these | ners to the mourners’ bench, when the
articles. With the cooperation of the|yellowjackets began to dart out from
women of these other States the women of the'r nests and sting saints and sinners
Cook county believe that they oan get up | alike.
a cotnmittee representative of all the| In a few minutes there seemed to be
women of the middle West who will thousands of the spiteful yeliow insects
march on to Washington. flying about the church and darting their
stingers into the brethren and sisters.
STONING EBVANSVILLE CARS. The preacher was one of the first to be
\ atung and the pain put a stop to his ex-
Prominent Man Arrested fer Trying to! hortation. The women screamed when
Overtake a Bettie Thrower.
EvaNsviLue, Ind., June 13.—Evans-

atruck by the yellowjacketa and many

of the men said things that had no}
ville is aroused to-night over the arrest | churchly sound.
to-day of Edward Heherer, a wealthy; After standing for the stinging a few
commission merchant, while in pursuit | minutes the congregation got into a panié
of astriker. As the oar was moving along | aad bolted from the church, leaving the
one of the principal streets a bottle was | sacred edifice in possession of the yellow: |
thrown through a window and passing | jackets. There are 500 men, women and
Heberer'a head was broken against the | children in Boston to-night putting lo-
opposite side of the car, the pieces cut-| tions on stung spots. To-morrow an
ting a woman and a little girl. effort will be made to destroy the yellow-

Heberer jumped from the car in pur-| jackets and resume revival services.

Swarming Yellowjackets Sting saints |

and Sinners and Clear the Church, |

 

{

 

 

suit of the miscreant but failed to over-

take him. He remarked in the presence | SOUTHERN _FRANCE QUAKING,

of two polloemen who were onoe street | iree Rarthquakes Yesterday Morning

oar employees that he would have shot) genewed Panic Among the People

the scamp if he had had a gun. For this ‘Special Cable Despatch to TAR SUN.

he was put under arrest, Panis, June 13.—Slight earthquake
Fifty citizens followed him to the po-) shocks were felt at 5:15, ¢ and 9 o'clock |

morning in southern France, No

released without that formality. was done, but the shocks re-

was stunned, and when she regained her |
feet the man was gone. |

Miss Fitzgerald is at her home, 454

Boston, Ga., June 18.—A great revival | East 141et street, with a leech on her left| worst.

eye.
WANT POLICE CHIEF FIRED.
IndlanapolieCitizens Indignent Over Shoot- |
Ing Agjomopiliat for Alleged Speeding.
InDIaNAPOLIs, June 13.—The shooting
of Samuel W. Dowden, a well known!
citizen. by Police Chief Metzger, for the |
alleged speeding of an automobile, coupled |
with the failure of Mayor Bookwalter and |
the Board of Public Safety to take any |
action in the matter, has caused so much |
indignation that a meeting of citizens has ;
called for to-morrow afternoon at
which the affair will be discussed and a
demand made for Metzger’s dismissal.

shield at Naples:

“Mrs. Holland Bennett remains on
Berlin. No news of Bennett. Fear
CROWNINSHIELD."

TAKEN ILL AT SEA.

 

W tireless Notifies Friends of Mrs. Kennedy,
Socialtst Lecturer.

Mrs. William Burns Kennedy, who has
lectured on socialism and is said to be a
Christian . Scientist, became seriously il]
aboard the Red Star liner Lapland, which
arrived from Antwerp and Dover last |
evening and docked after 11 o'clock, |
thus winning the glory of being the first
Sunday ship of the line. Wireless mes-
sages announcing her condition reached
her relatives and those of her husband
in time for two of them to get permission

allowed to leave here there will be no
complications arising out of State au-
thorities between here and New York
making trouble. Early wants to go in an
automobile, and if an opportunity was
offered the health authorities believe
that he and his wife would make a dash

ithe driver set the emergency brakes,
I he car came to a atop only a few fest
away. :

Mr. Morse and his driver aided by the
two women lifted the dirt stained figures
into his automobile. The two women
| devoted themselves to Miss Armstrong

 

in an automobile, hence the additional | and her aunt, while Mr. Morsedid what he

guard.

TWO

 

New Jersey's Only Woman Preacher
Selects a New Assistant.

ATLANTIC CITy, N.

could for the injured men. The driver
turned the Morse machine toward Monros

CLERGYMEN TO MARRY, | 404 sent it under full power in the direo-

tion of the town. It was a run of only. a
little over a mile, and both Brandreth and

{his driver had recovered their senses
| when the machine got to Dr. Rulison’a
J., June 18.—The | house.
Rev. Emma E, Nutter of the People's; women came to.

It was some time before the two
Dr. Rulison deolined

Methodist Protestant Church of this| yesterday to discuss the condition of Bis
city, the only regularly ordaifed woman | patients beyond saving that they were
preacher in the State, has announced her | not seriously injured.

engagement to the Rev. J. L. Cairns of

Word of the accident reached the Arpi-

Osbornville, N. J., a minister in the same | strong home in this city yesterday morn-

conference.

ing, and the father of the young worman

Miss Nutter says that she will not give | set out as soon as he could for Momroe.

up her work in the church. |

“Mr. Cairns will come here to live,” |
she said to-day, “and I rather expect that |
the conference will name him as my as- |
sistant, which will allow us to labor in |

Dowden was riding with a friend and|to board the Lapland at Quarantine. | the same field.” |

was not running the machine. The police |
chief was in a larger machine and gave
chase and just as the Dowden oar turned |
a corner Metgger and two officers who

Mrs. Kennedy's husband was with her.
Arrangements for removing her were
being made at midnight.

Dr. G. Van Daele, the ship's surgeon,

 

|

BLACK CAT FOILS CRACKSMEN,

| Mrs. Margaret Brandreth, Ralph's mother,

was at her summer place at Bellport,
L. I. She received a message from ber
son telling of the accident, but adding
that Miss McKay's broken collarbone
was the only serious burt to the perty.
The Brandreth automobile, or the re
mains of it, was hauled into Monroe.
It was badly wrecked Those who sew
the machine when it was b in said

accompanied him opened fire. They claim} who looked worn out, said he had been | Puts Out Sputtering Fuse and Burgiars ‘that it carried only a New Jersey aff

to have abot at the automobile tires, but
one bullet struck Dowden in the leg and
he is now.in a hospital badly wounded.

450,000 MISSING.
Rag Containing Two Registered Money |
Packages Net Accounted For,

Los ANGELES, Cal,, June 18.—Poat office
authorities here are hunting a clue to
the disappearance of a registered mail;
pouch ontaining 850,000 which disap-|

peared betweén this city and Bisbee,
Aris,

 

awake several nights making an effort!
to keep his patient quiet and that |
cries since she showed symptoms of ner-
vous derangement on Wednesday night
had kept passengers who had staterooms
in her neighborhood awake.

Her husband is a New York importer. |

MUGGED MAN TO SUE.

 

 

 

 

Insurance Agent Thinks the Police Atis- |
treated Him 628,000 Worth.

Leave Without Booty. |

Sans FRANCISCO, June 18.—The plans |
of two safe burglars were spoiled early
this morning by a black cat, which ex-,
tinguished their sputtering fuse. The |
dry goods store of Lobus Bros., on lower
Market street, was entered by burglars, |
who pried the basement door open with |

underneath the office, made a selection
from the stock consisting of silks, shirt- |
waists, umbrellas, handkerchiefs and

a Pennsylvania number. Late yesterday
afternoon, however, the chauffeur had a .
New York number also in his

and he carried them all with him when he
left Monroe for this city late yesterday
afternoon. Mise MoKay and possibly
Brandreth and hia bridé to 4e may te
moved from: Dr. Rulison's t@ the Middla-

!a jimmy and, cutting a hole in the floor town Hospital to-day

randreth is now 25 years old, It was
as an impetuous youth of 23 that he started
on his orulse of exploration. His mother

Joseph Goldstein of 385 Stone avenue, | neckties valued at $100 and then gave oY this crpise as the best means of

The missing bag contained two regis-| Brooklyn, a real estate and insurance | attention to the safe.

tered packages from the First National |

man, says he is going to sue the police}

Every oar in the city was operated to- | Sraccoed the feeling of panies among the; Bank of Los Angeles to the bank of Bis-| for $25,000 because he was paraded in
shocks affected

The
the higher parte of the country.
Se Pas ia uoked.

onl
The

fer as the watohers could see the Conductor Nichols was brutally as- some reports atill give hi :
tetion between Hirsch of Bt, Lou davlted to-night on the Oak street line, arid | « Although some reports Hill Biv tone
the Felgian consigness of the guns John Eliter, « laborer, was later identified | state that the deaths va y Friday's
pen and above board. This view by Nichole as one of the rioters, Nichols | earthquake pyumbered fifty-four and that
tubstantiated leet week when the Penn- | was struck on the head with @ brick and} #bout hundred persons were injured

   

knooked from the car unoonsocious, where i

were joally Gestroveds

ta | pouch had fai

Wi nbtbe uanding joomence

bee, These were placed in the office last!
Monday and Bisbee was notified by wire, |
On W taword came here that tho |

to reach Bishos. |
Investigation abowed that there was |

no regard of the registered bag having | company that as an agent Goldstein had | fuse it jumped at it and extinguished
| turned in a check in payment for pre-

been put on train here. a

front of the detectives and photographed |
for tti®ragues' gallery. -
Goldatein was arrested on May 29 on a |

charge of grand larceny. ‘It was alleged | which watched the actions of the cracks-| no desire to encourage

by the representative of ap insurance |

They took off the combination knob,
poured nitroglycerine into it, attached |
a fuse, which they lighted and then ran to:
safety. |

There was a black cat in the office

men, and when it saw the spluttering

it. The cracksamen apparently got acared

 

The theory t that the bag was’ stolen) mils which had been returned marked | and disappeared without making another |

by some one who knew its valuabl

je | "No Funds.” Magistrate House in the!attempt to blow the safe.

Tombs gourt discharged Goldstein.

The police |
soon after arrested two men on suspiol on.

|navy. consisting of the

modifying his impotuosity, which on one
occasion: had led tin into purchasing the
biggest, reddest An| ‘fastest automobile
he could find. He s:agn't to come into

| Kis inheritance until his younget aster,

now YJ, was is, and Mes. Brandreth had
vestments in automobiles.

Ho she bought the auxiliary yawl Taor-
mina and selected Capt, Thornas C. Love-
lace, filibuster, xeronaut, wireless operator
and formerly commander of the Panama

steams yacht

such sudden ine

    

  
 
     
   
    
   
  
  
     
   
 
  
 
   
    
   
 
 
   
    
  
   
  
  
    
   
    
    
   
    
    
  
    
    
   
   
 
   
  
   
    
    
    
  
   
    
  
   
  
    
    
    
      
    
    
    
    
    
  
  
     
   
   
  
    
   
  
      
    
   
   
    
   
  
 
   
   
   
   
  
    
    
   
     
 
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
   
    
      
    
     
  
  
   
    
 
  
     
  
   
    
    
 

ial

ey ee