GLYNN WIRES
SUPT. RILEY TO
DROPM'CORMICK

Names S. C. Baldwin to Make
Rigid Inquiry Into Sulli-
van “Joy Rides.”

 

CROPSEY ON TRACK OF
MORE EVIDENCE TO-DAY

Rivrato, N. ¥., Oct. 27.—Gov. Glynn

wired to-night to John B. Riley, State | conform to the city's taxicab rates if an the Hotel Vanderbilt made public last |

fuperintendent of Prisons at Albany, a
quest to suspend Warden Joseph Mc-
Cormick of Sing Sing prison pending

!
a nvestigation by Attorney Stephen

(. Baldwin of Brookiyn of the charges

at Warden MeCormick gave to David
A.& van, wrecker of the Union Bank
of th vn, extreme liberties, automo-
hile rides and other privileges while
Sullivan is serving his present sentence
ot Sing Sing. Mr. Baldwin is a Repub-
Hean

Rrate Superintendent Riley, who is a
Iver appointee, hag full power of

 

course to remove Warden McCormick,

whom Riley appointed, whereas Gov.
Glynn under the law cannot directly
move McCormick, The G

equest to Supt. Riley, however,

+ nounta to an order to suspend es

waraen

Gov. Glynn had nothing to add by |

vay of comment when he gave to THE
Sun reporter, shortly before midnight,
a copy of the request of suspension

His Telegram to Riley,

The telegram sent by the Governor | ginia capes,

to Bupt. Riley to-night follows:
“Burravo, N, Y., October 27.
“Hor. John B. Riley, Superintendent of
Prisons, Albany, N. Y.:
“Your report in the case of Joseph
\‘leCormick, warden of Sing Sing, leads

me to believe that there is need for al
il and thorough investigation of the}

cise by an investigator who can de-

te his entire attention to the matter. |

‘T have this day appointed Stephen C,

twin, Fisq., of the Borough of Brook- |

lyn, under the provisions of section 8
he Executive law known as the
Moreland act to examine and investi-
gate the conduct of Warden McCormick.
Tf 't appears that the warden’s conduct
has been reprehensible I shall, of course,
ook to you to remove him, In my

opinion there is sufficient of a prima!

facie case to require you to suspend

Warden McCormick until further !n-

vestigation, and IT request you to do su,
“MarTIN H, GuYNnN.”

Farlier In the evening when asked by
THe Sun man as to his intentions in
the Sing Sing muddle, Gov, Glynn, evi-
dently trying then to get in touch with
Mr. Baldwin, said:

“I've given every spare minute of
the day trying to get tn touch with
6 of two men, absolutely outside
jittes both of them, whose very

  

¢

es are a estatewide guarantee of
etry fairness nd impartiality The
inute I get in touch with either of them,
snich I hope will be to-night, or a man
their intellectual calibre anc integrity,
IT shall invoke tne Moreland act and ap-
polnt one of these men a commissioner
*o make an immediate investigation of
the charges against Warden McCormick,

Saye Politics Will Not Enter,

"The man who, equipped under the

Moreland act with the powers to go to the
root of the matter, will take up this in-

vestigation and report to me will be one

with no axe to grind, whose name is a
positive assurance of Integrity cand !m-

and who knows p ‘son conc!-
roughly His name, furthermore,

rt

 

tions the

 

show that polities has nothing to

lo with his findings.”
The Kings county Grand Jury will con-
nue ‘ts investigation to-day of a larceny
aleged to have been committed in Brook-
Ivn by David A. Sullivan, wrecker of the
Unio Bank, through special liberties
ronted to him since he has been serving
tence at Sing Sing.
rt J. Malloy, superintendent of the
lustrial department of Sing Sing, has

xperienced a change of heart since he

& sent to Raymond street jail Monday
rning by County Judge Roy for re-

 

nd Warden MeCormick in the prison

 

Asals wnt District Attorney Louis Gold-

‘ las subpeenaed Policeman George

| and Robert Johnson, a chauffeur,

of Yonkers, to appear before the
1 Jury this morning The District

‘ ney will try to show the Grand Jury
e convict, Sullivan, stopped Pollce-
Ford in Yonkers about 11 o'clock

ght recently and asked him If he
‘ en Warden MeCormick, Johnson

with Ford at the tlme.

Sullivan’s Stenographer Missing.

ther phase in the development of
Sullivan investigation yesterday is
ynplete disappearance of Miss Loulse

) Burkhardt, Sullivan's confidential
venographer, who moved from Brooklyn
in Clift avenue, Yonkers, shortly after
4) Was sent to Sing Sing Her new

is but two blocks from the home
Warden MetCormick, Efforts of the
Artorney's office to find Miss

hardt have been unsuccessful

Assistant District Attorney Goldstein
to Albany last night, He would not
what his mission was, but it ls under-
tood that he will question Supt. Riley
it the special Mberties and automo-
ides of Sullivan, and should Riley

ie to answer @ summons to apnear
vre the Kings county Grand Jury will

oably be served on him,

re apecitic crime that District At-
ey Cropsey's office is investigating ts

¢ irge that Sulllvan has recently col-
od money in Brooklyn on a mortgage
ghtfully belongs among the assets
insolvent Unien Bank of Brooklyn,
hich Sullivan was formerly presi-

The jarceny charge is based on a $2,500

 

t GL. Lontmued on Fourth Page, wi,

= to answer questions before the
irand Jury, and has notified the District
\ttorney that he ts ready to tell alP he
ows about the Joy rides of Bullivan

    
 

 

CAPT. J. J. ASTOR WOUNDED.

 

| | Son of William ‘Waldort Astor Ie in
Life Guards.

Astor of the First Life Guards, son of
William Waldorf Astor, has been wounded
in uction in France. His name ts in-
| cluded tn a casualty list made public to-
day,

Capt. Astor is the younger son of Witl-
fam Waldorf Astor's two sons. He was
enrolled tn the Life Guards, one of the
most aristocratic of England's cavairy
regiments, in February, 1906, as a Sec-

Party Alleges $10,000
ond Lieutenant. ive months later he Whitman Offer.
distinguished himeelf by saving one of his

men from drowning tn the Tharmes. ‘

——— DISTRICT ATTORNEY
TO PUT
ALL TAXIS UNDER LAW DENIES; TOKAJI, TOO

aiambntie : TOR

 

   

Aldermen Will Pai es Amendment
To-day, It Is Expected,
Every vehicle carrying a taximeter must; Gov. Glynn's campaign managers at

 

| amendment to the rate ordinance intro-| night a letter which they sald showed
duced in the Board of Aldermen yester-'that the “Same Old Bill" tactics were
day ts passed, as {f probably wil) be | being used in this election. The letter |

The direc ft .
‘ u direct intention of the amendment was written by Dr. Arthur Kozma of |
's to Dring the Mason-Seaman Yellow Taxi-|

cab Company under the city's supervision. | i
| This « company, on the ground that It does| New York county chairman of the
not solicit passengers on the streets, has | American party and charging that Dr.
refused to comply with the ordinance,| Bela TokaJi, chairman of Sulzer's cam-

on General Welfare.

Destroyer Paulding

| District Attorney Whitman for Gov-
ernor in return for $10,000,
Dr. Rozma itn his letter charges that

was not consummated, not because the
price was too high, but as he (Tokai)

 

yovernor’s | Two Other W ar Oraft Also Go} stated to me ‘the Judge has no con- |

freee in the long legged fellow!" The

District Attorney is quoted as saying
| enat Sulzer would take the money and
not come out for Mr, Whitman.

Aground, but Are
Floated.

|

 

Norrour, Va, Oct. eg a Progressive.

 

The Unitee

   

seemed {imminent came in and wll try
to haul her off, ,
The work will not be easy, as the Pauld-
ing is drawing about six feet, is in five

bee of water and will be pretty well out
|
|
|

county of New York. I accepted this
position at your personal request, and
therefore desire at this time to advise

of water when the tide goes out you of the reasons for my resignation.

F of the American party for the
The Paulding, Burrows, Jouett, Cassin,| “Mr. Bela Tokaji, whom you appointed

2 o'clock this rning » ar , rs
Senta i cas coe 7 a j with District Attorney Whitman to throw
4d, “ rm ane 1e craft
were driven nearer and nearer the shore, | the support of tne Amemean party and
The Burrows struck twice, and in trying | YOUr OWN Support over to District Attor-
| to help the Paulding nad a hole stove ney Whitman In consideration of a contri-
Se rot me _ ee to | bution for ten thousand ($10,000) dollars.
e vy yard, and w put tn “ a
| ary Gock to-morrow. The Jouett was alao He stated that iq were aware of
driven ashore, and one of her propellers these negotiations. fe told me that he
was carried away. had been twice to see District Attorney
} 8 O 8 calla from the Paulding brought | Whitman on the subject and on the first
be oe cane big iheg and Michi#an | occasion the deal was not consummate:
a the auxiliaries Panther and !ixie to because the price ‘ c )
the scene, The Dixte picked up the Jouett | NOS Deaus alk iy Wa i rt sis
and turned her over to the tug Masaasuit, | 25 he stated to me, ve Judge has no
which also responded to the Paulding's | Confidence tn the long legwed fellow (re-
jealls for assistance | ferring to yourself) He would take the
The seas were too high to launch life- |
boats from the battleships and auxiliaries |
} and the Pauldings was left to her fate |
The stranded craft flashed a wireloas|  .. oan r t -
to the battleship Michigan that stated | He further state A to me that a certain
every man in the orew of elghty had | Party had already received five hundred
donned life preservers | ($500) dollars, and ‘these people take
The Panther, after repeated attempts, | cents where thousands of dollars are to

 

money and not come out for me

Thousands to Be Gotten,

got a line to the Paulding this afternoon, | be gotten’; that he called on the Distriat
but the seas were so high it was con- | Attorney a second time on Saturday,
|sidered dangerous to attempt to pull the | Qctober 17, 1914, which call was at
stranded craft through the bed of sang | District Attorney Whitman's residence
into which she {a ainking deepos enq | and at which a third party was present

 

deeper for fear of doing the vesse’ serious mmpanying Mr. Tokai; that upon such
| injury. | occasion the District Attorney stated that
| ete nrenee | he refused to discuss the matter in the |

presence of a witness.
“Last Saturday Mr. Tokaji stated to

AFRAID THEY’LL CATCH COLD?
onnemmnne. ie me ‘You can bet your last ehirt that

Boston Mayor oO “ Whitman is the next Governor. Our
°° ™ adese Passing people up-State are already working this
Show’ Girls to Wear More Clothes. | way and next week we are going to do
Boston, Oct. 27.—Mayor Curley has | the same.’
ordered the chorus in “The Passing Show “What Mr. Tokaji has atated to me and
of 1914" to wear more clothing on the | the substance of which I have set forth
stage and also the elimination of the |!” this letter he has also mMated to
football scene in the play. others whom you and he and I personally
For an hour this morning the Mayor |*now. )
was in conference with Police Commis-| . 19 view of Mr. Tokafi's public adele
sioner O'Meara and representatives of |ion that he was Invited to call at Mr.
the Watch and Ward Society, Complaints | Whitman's residence, when Mr. Whitman
registered against the customary gar- |™USt have known that he was chairman
ments of choruses {n general were talked of your campaign committee and in view
over and an attempt made to formulate of Mr. Whitman's public admission that

new regulations. Mr. Tokaji at such Interview offered his

The Mayor declared himself against support, and in view of Mr, Tokajl\'s state-
attempts to add novelties to performances |MeMts to me and to others of oe cone
by having the actresses mingle with the |#iderations that actuated him, T eel tha
audience. He {s determined that there I do not wish to be even remotely con-
shall be no favoritism shown between the nected with so disgraceful a situation

. os In a telegram to THe Sun from Ogdens-
Site Brene theatres and the burlesque burg, N. Y., last night Mr. Whitman
houses.

said
EX-THIEF A JUDICIAL NOMINEE.

“There is no truth whatever In the
Contessesn and Flees When Demo-

story; no offer of any kind made to me
in Sulzer's behalf.”
crata Unearth Record,

Campatan Lie, Says Sulzer,

INDIANAPOLIS, Ovt. 27.—-Judge Orbison
in the Supertor Court here to-day ordered
stricken from the ballots for next Tues-
day’s election the name of Frank X
O'Brien, Democratic nominee for Judge of
the Juvenile Court. O'Brien admitted
through his counsel that he realiy is John
F. O'Brien, a thief and hobo and associate
of crooks. Immedtately after the admis-
sion O'Brien fled

In the Bertf{llon department at St. Louis
is the record of John I*. O'Brien, No,
2.951. He i# a gon of Old Jotfn, alias
Nosey O'Brien, and @ brother of Nap, allas
Mouse O'Brien,

O'Brien came to Indfanapolis three
years ago and said he had served several
terms in the Missour! Legislature, This
record {s held by the rea! Frank X,
O'Brien,

News that a flaw in O'Brien's record
had been discovered reached the Demo-
cratic county committee Monday evening
and when pressed ©' Brien confessed

| KITCHENER WANTS MORE MEN.

Aske for 100,000 Additional Vol-
aonteers for Active Service,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sux

Lonpon, Oct, 27.—Lom Kitchener
made an appeal to-ni«ht for another hun-
dred thousand men for the British army.

Three officers of the Portuguese gen-
eral etaff are here conferring with the

British staff.

Dotch to Keep Their Cheese,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sen.
Tur HaGue, Oct, 27.—The Dutch Gov-
ernment has prohibited the exportation
of cheese.

        

through his hair and sald:

beat Whitman as badly a8 Glynn, as th ere
{s absolutely no truth in the statement.’

way Central Hotel, a young man, wh

Samuel Bell Thoms, !nsisted that Dr

county committee.

   

Dr, Kozma to desert Sulzer

      
  
    
  
    
       
  
  
    
 
  
  
  
 

inti] last Sunday morning,

Admits Seetng Whitman,

rend over the telephone last night to Dr,
Tokafi at his home in Flatbush,

 

$37.50 JACKSONVILLE AND RETURN.
Via SOUTHERN RAILWAY, Ly. N.Y. 12:08
P. M.. Mondays and Fridays, Oct. 26 to Feb,
16, WN, ¥, OMce~264 Fitth Aveo—ddv,

 

     

one "NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28,

 

acne” = WOULD QUIT F 4 PACT T0 Dig IN
|

laccording to the information conveyed |

Goes Ashore in Gale to him by Dr. Tokaji himself, “the deal |

Macdougal and several other boats ens | « t‘hairman of your campaign committee, |
tered Lynn Haven inlet for shelter about | stated to me that he had been negotiating |

Mr. Sulzer was campatgning in West-
chester last night. A correspondent of
Tan Sun read to him a synopsis of the
letter when the ex-(Governor — reached
White Plains. Mr. Sulzer ran his fingers

“The story is a fake, pure and simple,
and it is another of the campaign lies
that have been manufactured out of whole
cloth about my campaign. I am in the
race to stay and will be elected, T shall

At Sulzer’s headquarters, at the Broad-
said he was a lawyer in the office of

Kozma's story was false. He explained
that after a rumor about Dr. Kozma had
got about Dr, Kozma had had a talk
with Sulzer and denied emphatically that
there was anything whatever In the story
that he would resign as chairman of the

He said that a certain politician for-
merly allied with Sulzer and working
with Dr. Kozma had sold out to Tammany
Hall and then had been contriving to get

Friends of District Ateorney Whitman
pointed out last night that Dr, Tokai
could not have called on Whitman at his
apartment on Oc tober 17 because the Dis-
trict Attorney was commanding up State
on that day, having left here on the
morning of October 15 and not returning

The letter written by Dr, Kozma was

“He's a ilar,” shouted Tokajl over the
telephone when the passage in regard to
the $10,000 contribution was ended, ‘That
is a He and Dr, Kozma knows it is a lie,"

“7 did visit Mr. Whitman, and why
shouldn't I vielt him? 1 am a@ free citi-

Continued on Fifth Pagh. gm.

 

 

 

MONEY, HE SAYS, BELOVED VENICE

 

Dr. Kozma of the American|Two Brooklyn Women Be-

lieved to Be Victims of
Pride and Poverty.

 

BROKEN VASE WARNS

FRIEND OF ) SHEE END)

On the heels of a despatch from
Rome received yesterday afternoon

telling of the suicide In Venice of tw!

elderly women {tn a poor lodging house
information came to Tie Sun last night |
revealing a story of poverty, pride and

81 Seventh street in resigning as!a determination on the part of the ewe ||
women to live as long as the little |
money they had lasted and then to kill;
| themselves in Venice, the spot they
The amendment was Introduced by Alder- | paign committee, had offered to throw |
maa Brush and referred to the Committee | the support of the American party to]

loved best.
The two women were Mra, Julla R.

| McKay and her sister, Miss Jennie |
| Royael. They formerly lived at 36!

Hawthorne street, Brooklyn, according
to THe Sun's informant, Willlam A,
Schacht of 261 Broadway, Manhattan.
He had known the women for many
years, and two years ago when the. left

for Italy they told him that they tn- |

tended to live as long as their diminish-
ing funds would permit and then would
end their lives.

“I feel sure that these ‘adies are the
a who ended their lives in Venice be-
“ause of the initials on the ring of one of

| States torpedo boat destroyer Pa it ling,| Dr. Kozma formerly was a Progres- |them, "B. L. M. to J. E R.', which were
| which was blown ashore on the outer cay sive Re has fought for Sulzer at | the tnittals of Mrs. MeKay before her
|; Off Lynnhaven Inlet, just inside the Vir-| Various times because until recently he | marriage,” Mr. Schacht said. “They were
turing a a#tiff northeast gale| has believed, he says, in the sincerity j About the age that these women in Venice

| last night, was hard aground to-day of the impeached Governor he letter were + — & to the despatch The fact
| Naval vessels which received a wire less which he addressed to Sulzer follows: Se eas oe acral ae
Sent out when the Paulding’s stranding ‘I herewith resign as county chair- | ance oe ; ne) ee eee

Denth Not Unexpected,
“Curiously enough T had been been ex-

pecting any day to hear of their death.
Before they went away they sold the fur-
nishings in thetr Brooklyn home, at 36
Hawthorne street, !f I remember and gave

their father’s boooks to Yale University.

Of all their possessions, the most cher-
iphed was a amall vase, which they gave
to me, saying that 1 would probably never
see them again and that they would like
to have me keep this to remember

them by.

“About two weeks ago this vase broke
one afternoon toward dusk. Jt flashed
| through my mind then that something

might have happened to those sisters.”
Mr, Schacht went on to say that Mee

McKuy and her sister, Miss Royael, came |
of one of the oldest and best known |
Brookiyn families. Their father was the
superintendent or cashler of a bunk in

   

Manhattan Mrs. McKay married when

she was voung, and her husband and |!

father died about the same time
There was very little money left and |

the women were the last two survivors
of the family. They were too proud to |

ask for financial aid, and although they

had many friends who were anxious to

be of assistance they did not feel that

they could offer anything because they)

knew that the sisters would refuse It.

 

 

 

-_

SS =

 

 

 

 

1914. — Copyright, 1914, by the Bun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

       
      

| £WO CENTS.

 

GERMANS DRIVEN OVER BORDER;

DEFEND OWN SOIL IN LORRAINE;
FRENCH MAKE GAIN IN BELGIUM

 

 

Unconfirmed Rumor Says
German Leader Takes Own
Life in Bruges.

Lonpon, October 27.
Despatches from Rotterdam tell of
an unconfirmed report there that
Gen. Hans H. von Reseler, who com-
manded the German armies which
captured Antwerp, has committed
suicide at Bruges in Belgium.

There have been several reports that
German Generals had killed themselves
on the field of battle. The first cen-
tred about Gen. von Emmich, who com-
manded the German armies at Liege
He was said to have shot himself be-
cause of the failure of his efforta to
capture the Liege forts at once, The
report has never been confirmed, but
the name of Gen. von Emmich has not
appeared !n the news from that tline

Another German General was re-
ported to have shot himself during the
early fighting in Belgium, and still an-
other fa said to have tried to commit
hara-kiri in Paris, where he was taken
as a prisoner

There has been no substantiation «
any of these reports, and the official
statements of Paris, London and Her-
xd have not even mentioned them.

Boer Rebellion Spreads;
Gen. De Wet Joins Uprising

Burghers in Orange Free!

State and Transvaal Com-
mandeered,

GEN. BEYERS REVOLTS;
{REBELS TAKE HEILBRON |!

Spectal Coble Deapatch to Tur Sun
Lonpon, Oct, 27.—The Governor-Gen-

}eral of the Union of South Africa in- |
formed the Colonial Office to-day
the Union Government announced with
deep regret that certain prominent In- |
| dividuals and a number of burghers of |
|the northern part of the Orange Free |
State and the western part of the|
Two years ago they took stock of their| Transvaal have been misguided enough

affairs. They had travelled abroad and|/to defy the authority of the Govern

learned that Hving was cheapest in the!
Italian citles, so they planned to go where |
they could Itve longest and live only as

long as their funds heid out.

Friends of Prot, Goodyear,

Mr, Schacht said that they were friends | to deal with the situation,”
of Prof. William Henry Goodyear of the
Rrooklyn Institute. Prof. Goodyear said

last night that he remembered Mrs. Mc-

Kay and Miss Roysel very well. They
were very nice people, he said. He re-
members when they left Brooklyn two

years ago to go abroad.

He had heard about them from time

to time and the last word of their where-
abouts Ao reach him was that they were
in Florence last June. As far as he knows
they had no living rélatives.

Another of their former friends was a
Mrs. Lovell, who Hved with her husband
on Prospect place, Brooklyn, Mr. Schecht
could not reeall the number,

The Rome despatch yesterday sald that

the women found dead tn Venice were

living !n a lodging house, They had
taken pains to conceal thelr identity and

had only 56 cents. On the table was a
note addressed to the American Consul

reading:

“We are American citizens and Prot-
estants. Will you kindly give us a burial

as privately as possible.”

A vial of prussic acid was beside them.
A hat found in the room bore a label of

a department store in Brooklyn.

In the room were some pictures of a
morbid character and some clippings. One
of the pictures was “A Lonely Grave" and
another “The Tomb.” A clipping was
entitled “A Death Bed,” another ‘Where
Are the Graves Where the Dead Men

Slept a Hundred Years Ago?"

E. T. Jeffery, Gould

 

Aid, Ill at Biltmore

Railroad Financier, 71 Years

Old, Away From Work
for First Time.

_

Edward T. Jeffery, railroad financier
and the right hand man of the Goulds,
has been seriously ill in his apartment
at the Hotel Biltmore. Mrs, Jeffery said
last night that her husband waa con-
valescent and would be out in « 1ew days,
He had been suffering matnly from a

eatarrhal cold, she said.

Mr. Jeffery is 71 years old, but there
has been no letup In his business activi-
tiles, and except for hla present Illness he
never has been away from his work a
day under a doctor's care, He te the
chairman of the board of directors of
the Denver and Rio Grande and Rio
irande Southern and president of the
Rio Grande Junction Ratlhway Company.
He is a director in a number of other
railroad companies and also of the Equi-

table Trust Company.

He is director or president of twenty-
five railroad, fuel, banking and other cor-

porations in this country,

 

E. MATTHEWS—DPSKS,

CHA
Now 81 b, ath St, Complete office euthtter.

mm Adv,

Governor-General,

ment and make preparations for armed
resistance and rebellion.

“Although aware of these prepara-
tlons for some time and taking steps
says the
“the Union Govern-
ment has not spared efforts to pre-
perve peace without bloodshed.

“The Government now learns that
burghers in the north of Orange Free
State and military requirements are
being commandeered under the authority
of Gen. Christian De Wet and in the
western Transvaal under the authority
of Gen. Beyers.

“Armed rebellious commandoes are
already tn existence.
bron has been seized and the Govern-
ment officials in the town
made prisoners. A train has been
stopped at Reitz and armed citizens of
the defence force have been taken from
it and disarmed.

“Under these circumstances the duty
of the Government !s clear.
determined to deal with the matter with
a firm hand and are taking necessary
steps to this end, The very great ma-
jority of the citizens of every province
of the Union are thoroughly loyal and
resent the very idea of rebellion. When
they are aware of the situation they un-
doubtedly will give the Government
every assistance in restoring order and
will abstain from giving the rebellious
movement any encouragement or sup-
port,
“All citizens must therefore be spe-
cially alert and prepared to give the
Government al! information and assist-
ance in their power, Citizens who have
been for some reason guilty of dis-
obedience under the defence act meed
not fear any action against them by
the Government as long as they re-
main quietly at home and abstain from

acts of violence and hostility against
the authority of the Government.”

The announcement regarding the situ-
ation in South Africa brings Into the
revolt some of the men who figured most |
prominently in the Boer war,

Gen, Christian De Wet was commander
in chief of the Free State forces in the |
South African war, and since 1907 has |
been Minister for Agriculture of the
Orange River Colony, Brig.-Gen, Chris-
tlan Beyera waa assistant commandant- | portugal
general of the north district of the Trans-
vaal in the South African war,
he entered a8 a private, and until recently
was commandant-general of the citizen
forces, Union of South Africa,

The Right Hon, Louis Botha, who as
Premier of the Union of South Africa ta
now upholding British rule, succeeded Gen,
Joubert in command of the Boer forces
in the South African war and commanded
them at the battle of Colenso and through
the reat of the war.

Parly in August the British home Gov-
ernment socepted the suggestion of the

(sa re

| GEN. VON BESELER, ANTWERP'S
CAPTOR, A SUICIDE,

a.
| Wedge Driven Into Invader’s
IS REPORT |

 

 

4
“4
4

bai! Ei i isn inn enc
Gen. Hans von Beseler.

lecorated by
n© Kaiser for the capture of Antwerp

he German milits

 

   
 

that |

 

Gen. Christian De Wet.

Government of the Union of South Africa
and withdrew the imperial troops,

Government,

Africa Gen
mandant-general of the

 

Unk n forces,

announcement
was made in Cape Town that a commando
Solomon G. Maritz in the Northwest Cape
had rebelled
law had been proclaimed throughout the
The proclamation of martial law
“grave reason to
Government
, through its numer-
communicated with
r citizens of the
treacherous
pretext of favoring the establishment of a,
* in South Africa,”

ha town cf Hail ous spies and agents,

have been

, has a popula- |

province of the
It is 180 miles north |

tlon of about 1,000,
of Bloemfontein,

COL. MARITZ WOUNDED.

Boer Rebels Cotaniotsie Defeated at
Kakamas,
Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sux

They are

defeated at
Lieutenant-Colonel, has fled to
German territory
Reuter's correspondent at Pretoria, for-
command. of
the troops at
the defeat of Maritz at Kaka-
mas took place 8 and that Maritz
an hour before
of his fol-
lowers were wounded and captured, Their
losses in killed are not known,
Maritz was wounded in the
leg, his wound not being dangerous,
men retreated so
their tents standing and ataahonad large
quantities of stores and a wagonload of
ammunition.
Government
The horsés of the l'nion troops
were exhausted and the
| this reason could not pursue Col, Maritz
his followers

that they left

S offensive is becoming more accene«

, 124 of them, ime luding five officers,

| having surrendered,

ANGOLA IS

 

 

INVADED.

Send Warships to
Oppose German Troops,

» following despatch
was received here to-day from Lisbon via

 

in which

“Despatches
German troops have y invaded the
Preparations are being made to
despateh warships and troops immediately
Portugal to

RREEN “STRIPE “RCOTCH
IN NON-REFILLABLE BOTTLES,
ANDREW USHER & CO,, Bdinburgh.—4ée,

 

line, I

The Belgians, French and British are
probably outnumbered, but they have not
given way an inc h since the Germans eur

Line, Isolating Large
Forces in South,

KAISER’S TROOPS AT
ST. MIHIEL IN PERIL

 

‘German Batteries Destroyed
in Artillery Duel on
the Centre.

 

|| ALLIES ADVANCE
SOUTH OF DIXMUDE

| Invaders Are Held Back on

the Yser, Where Big
Battle Rages.

 

Special Cable Despatch to The Sex
Paris, Oct. 27.—The allies made pro-

|| nounced progress to-day at three points

in the battle line, in the region south of

|| Dixmude, in the district between Ypres

‘land Roulers, both on the Franco-Bel-
'gian front, and far to the enst in the

|| Vosges, where the Germans were
| driven back across the frontier

The success in the east is regarded
as of the utmost importance. For the
first time since their advance on Parie

\
| began the Germans are now firhting on

the defensive on their own soll, the
allies having defeated them in a pro-
longed engagement east of Nancy and
forced them past Arracourt Into upper
Alsace, south of Metz.

This is a valuable gain, not only he-
cause it has demonstrated the supe-
riority of the French forces. sent north

|from Belfort, but’ because ft cuts the

German line which has been threaten-
ing the border forts and divides the flela
of action im eastern France into two

‘distinct parts. In the district from
,Arracourt to the frontier of Switzér-

land the Germans can expect no im-

| mediate aid from their armies at Metz.

Furthermore, the advances brings the

| French troops more and more to the
;rear of the German wedge centring in

the region of St. Mihiel. French artil-

'
jlery commands one of the principal
| lines of German communications with

Metz, an official communique announced
several days ago, so that now the

| French are in a position to force a Ger-

man retreat,

The extreme reticence of the military
authorities here to announce more than
they have actually done leads to the be
Hef that the Germans at St. Miluel are

lin greater pert! than the bare facts se.

forth in to-day’* communiaue Indicate
It !s thought that the Freneh have not
only foreed the enemy back across the
border, but that a portion of Upper Al
sace is already occupied and that

. | further Invasion on the lines of that car-
ried out in the early stages of the war

may be looked for.
The officlal communique issued at 11

lotclock to-night said merely:

There is nothing to report with
the exception of some progress
made by our forces in the region
south of Dixmude,

The afternoon communique brought a
feeling of profound sitisfaction to all
Frenchmen througn the announcement
that French troops are agatn fighting on
the soil of the “lost provinces.” Tho
afternoon statement said:

The fighting continues to be par-
ticularly spirited between the mouth
of the Yser and the region of Lena.
In this part of the front the allied
forces have at no point drawn back,
and they have continued to make
progress in the region helween
Ypres and Roulers,.

In the region between Solssons
and Berry-au-Bac an artillery en-
gagement resulted in our advan-
tage and in the destruction of
several batteries of the enemy

In the region to the east of
Nancy, between the forest of
Bezange and the forest of Parroy,
we have assumed the offensive and
driven the enemy across the fron-
tier.

Russia—On the River San and to
the south of Przemysl the Russian

tuated,

In the north the battle rages with a
ferocity that would soon bring it to an
end if it were not for the great numbers
of reenforcements that both sides have
rushed to the fleld, Reports from the
front say that the Germans have con-
tinued for days to send troops from north-
ern Belgium and western Germany to the
operations along the Nieuport-Dixmude

ceeded in fighting their way across the
Yser. The battle continues, with the Cier-
mafie resting on the bank of the river and
unable to force their way forward, de-

spite the fact that the ground upon which

the allies are stationed is not suited for
a determined resistance, being low and
marshy and hard to defend.

CHANNEL DASH FAILS

Germans Lose Heavily tn Crossing
the Veer,
By Central Newer

Oct, 27.—-/ espater 1

LONDON,
northeastern France of yesterdays cute
says: Q

“Many of the Germans were driven
across the Yser with heavy losses verte:

day by. French infantry, assisted hy the
ta