4

ss
t

ET ne eenrnn A
A Be pce

Re I

ee a TT RET ee ee

=~

iat a
|S nn we

  
  

 

HICHBORN'S L

CONSTRUCTOR OF THE
ON MARCH 4

He CHIEF
WAVY 70 RETIRE
Ble Reviews the Wonderful Progress Made tn
Naval Consiraction Dartag His Carerr
—Emphasises the Need of More Dry iocks
<Favors Building Vessels in Navy Yards.

WasHinoton, Oct, 21.--The report of
Chief of the Bureau of Construction Ai
pair for the fiscal year 1800-1900 whic!
Just been mado public, ts no exception to Lie
rule which that bureau has established in
recent years, of making its rep rt complete
explicit and therefore of great public value
Espedal tuterest attaches to the current fre-
port, as it la the last one submitted by Rear
Admiral Hichborn, the present Chief Con
structor, who, under the operation of law,
will retire on Marchanext The period durtng
which he bas held this Important post has
seen greater changes in the navy than auy

i

other equal period tn its history, and the Chief |

Constructor, about to close an hon rable and

Wlustrious career, begun as he says, “forty-
five years ago as a Government apprentice

employed upon the construction of the Merri-
mac and Hartford,” refers briefiy to the wast
transformations which the shipbuilding and
allied industries have undergone during his
career, fle says, after speaking of the old
wooden sloops of war, wthout protection or

water-tight subdivision and armed with broa i- | p>

sides of emooth bores:

“How many of those associated with the work
of this period, looking Into the future, would
have believed that during the space repre
sented by the active career of one man wooden
ships of war and sails as a means of propulsio
would have passed —that steel should have be
come the material of construction—steam the
one propelling power —and electricity
agent on shipboard; that the demands for pro-
tection, armament, speed and endurance would

a general

have forced the construction of hattleshinu
and armored cruisers of deep displacements
of over 16,00 and 15,0) tons, and speeds of

of them
that time the

eighteen and twenty-two kno!
would have believed that within
resources of this country could have been so

developed that when such vessels of war are
to be constructed every part going into them
is American production””

Passing to a brief mention of the more Ime
portant matters and measures with the adop-
thon of whieh the Kureau of Cor struction

identified during Admiral
iis made

historie

and Repair has been
Hichborn's incumbency. |

of the work of reconstruction of
Hartford andthe effort

tation of the renowned Constitution: the con-
troversy in which the Chief Constructor pre-
vented useless ex penditures of the pubic money
for aluminum torpedo boats alter legislative
authority for such construc had been es»
pecially sought and obtained nsistent
advocacy of sheathing: the inelined turrets,
known at one time as the EHichborn turret, the
principle of which has been adopted: his efforts
in the direction of reduction of wood and the
fireproofing of such asr unedon board ship
and the good results accomplished; the encour-

agement! of submarine ve and the impor-
tant addition of efficient vesses of this class
to the navy, Which has resuiied, andthe eflects
of the oare and study devoted lo convenien
adding to the creature cotatorts of both o
and eulisted men.
‘The report opens, as is customary, with the
estinates, The principa terns are: For
salaries, $18,180: for preserva 1 of and re-
pairs to vesseis Of the bavy, $7,000,000) for
pairs and improvements to navy yard planta,
§920,000; for civi) establishment avy
yards and $25,824 the account of
ullg and outfits satdsteam machinery
heretofore aut
The chief « ri
Vattages under wh
Cavite jabors, and tes & report {10m the
Naval Constructor reative lo a proposed sight
at OClongapo, Subie Bay He withholds re«
Ommendation thereon untill the question of a
yermanent naval station in the Phiippines
delinitely settied
Especial attention is placed uyor
for additional dry docks) He seys
“There are avaiiable at the present time on
the east coast of the Uuited States but nine
Government dry docks of ai! sizes, distributed
among seven porte, and of these but one is of
sufficient size to take the battleshije. The
docking facilities availabe are severely taxed
under existing peace conditions lhe increase
in factiities by Che completion of docks already
under construction and appropriated = for
Will scarcely Keep pace with the growing need
for such facilities by the increasing number
of shipe in service aud in reserve This dis
arity in docking faciities, productive of much
heonvebience aud sotue .osa in tine of pes
would in time of war be an extremely serio
matter, and might result in Keeping a con
siderable portion of our naval strength i
tive atacritiqa time lt cannot be tor
urged that the tnerease in docking
faciiitives in an adequate ratio to
ip the fleet is a neces: )
development, and it should Le
phasized that in this tmost portant t
warr t ‘ *, and Type re irementa,
must ui ms be eptin view nder the
ent i he increasing peacetime
redial t re being 4 led = fey In
th t i v of ethatCreat
Brita : tend, Cie
Oris alone ! 4 ‘
}5 Ka i the for do
Frat ome ports ha
ern, {ry aud that in both cou
th of pri e dry « 8
ex" bein t} (
cou d be ery y the Government in tin
of wi
Ss * 8] et leveted to
buliding vessels | enhavy yards
“There are at the reeut time, in
the prosperou endition of the shinbu
industry and then berof naval vessels by
{ng and appropriated r, sulMlicient work
yarinit the desig ent +} of the br
ing Work to the Gover ent yards, wi
there being a estion of the withdrawal or
withhboiding of he rt and as -
anee, (he indidtehance of whi 1 @ high state
of efficiency is unquestionably of national
importance
fter pointing out that “the unanimous test!-
mony of experience has been, and is, that the
execution of a certain amountof building work
in the chief Governinent yards is r iry to
the maintenance of such navy

rief ment
the

the rehablil-

  

his ce

 

 

 

4 at the
stations

of ve

 

  

4 out the disad-
“aval efation at

 

 

 

the need

 

 

 

 

inetYeo-
“iy
ha re; air

creaae
ent in naval

stror

  
 

ar ee

Atter

 

Dres-

 

Os a2

 

1«
ai
d

o=

the «

jiestion of
Hesays

 

OTR

eMsury sty

  

 

  

 

@ complete and efficient naval organization ree
quires,” and that Ragland is building in her
navy yards sixteen battleships and cruisers,

France seventeen, Germany eght, Russia six
and ltaly three, he says

“It is bellevel that wa have
stage in naval development

reached that
still considera bly

behind our national developrnent, which forces
Upon us serious consideration of thissten which
her naval Powers have found necessary

and expedient”
The veesels designed by the Bureau of Con-
struction aud Kepair under the new construc-

 

 

AST REPORT; |

 

PBPeCiAaly @lt- |

Yard -wuiffa as}

tion authorized by the last two Congress
are treated of in detall, and the battieships
armored cruisers and so-called protected |
erulsers generally scribed The Admiral,

 

conunenting upon the battery of battleships,

ys
“The decision finally come to tn the arrange-
ment of the batteries of the new battleships

was a compromise between opinions ihe
veritas and demerits of the superposed turret
nave been under discussion for some vears

The completion of the first battleships to which
the system has been applied, and trials
to which they have een subjected, have
Samonerrated only the mechanica
b
re

ity of the system of mounting
coanived from the commencement of the
discussion that there are grave disadvant Lees
e thls systern of mounting There ls nothing
n the expertence with the two vessels recentiy
completed tending either to show how they
may be removed, or to determine the extent
of their effect upon the sels in wh
6ystern ts employed 1
9 of the revent vessels has been reached
practically the same way as the decision
Telative to the first vessels to which the
syst was ap piled and is based
upon the sane presentation of arguments pro
and con, although the navy now possesses the
means of determining practically at any rate a
portion of the polnts at issue

hich this
decision in the

  

 

 

 

  

As might be expected of an 80 inti-
ately identified with what has 1 done in
country toward wetting « 1 ships for
e navy, Admiral Hichboro's report deals at
compe length with the question of sheathing,
end @ technioal explanation of the principal
features involved is followed by tuese remiat
It is @ practioal impossibility to preve ct

@uch fouling (hat tn a abort tine alter docking
the speed is sensibly reduced, and after the
lapee of a very few montis her apeed oapabil
ties cut down 35 | er cent, to nearly 60 per cent
except by providing her with a wood-sheathex

 

 

 

@nd coppered be tto: The process is an old
gue, Its practicability and freedom from in-
Jurious effect uy the ship to which it -

  

ied, even the eleme:tof safety which it id
have been fully demoustrated. Muct
wrejudice against it is born of tncomp te: -
ormation as to what ig really Involved is
of the same nature as that which opposed the
ioe duction of steam navigation and steel
shi pes

lh speaking of the steel for navn! vesels it is

 

polnuted out that nearly 60,000,000 pound f
steel ipaterial has been inspected, passed and
Bhipped during the year by the inspectors
under the Hureau of Construction and Repair,
represeuting an increase of more than 100 per
cent in two \earsin the quantity of this material

reguied. Te vustness of the figures gives

| practica- |
It has been

   

re |

 

some idea of the extent and importance of the
operations carried on under the Bureau.
Speaking of submarine boat# the report

states

"The past year has brought to fruition Hie
experimental work covering a considerable
eriod and has demonstrated the practicability
of the submarine boat. Of the possibilitles
in the application of efficient submarine vessels
to const defense work, it fa not 1 asary to

   

 

speak’ nor le it necessary to do more than mene |
tlon the economy inmenandt v inthis form
if defensive preparation and the moral effect
upon an enemy which wlll come ia knowl-
lige that we possess and are emp oving for
st and harbor defense, vessels of fo @reat

» haa shown that the

Experte
rtype of flighting

partiqul

 

seibilities:

I
ippearanee

 

  

 
 

craft {n auMicient numbers fo mak te
possihtiiqies a faetor to he eansid red forces
moditleations in types previously existing
That this should be particularly the case wit!
submarine vessele \ ere {a every reason to
} ve, and therevan be lit(edoultthat the
t nations in the fleld with the new type wi

accrue not only the advantags il

me from thé@ possession of ¢

f this type, but the additional
eaving in cost which will res y
understanding of the new type and the modifi-
ations which ita Intraduetion will foree in
existing tyres.”

Embodied in the report are tables showing
the vassela completed during the past fiscal
vear, as well as those dropped from the navy
list, and nseparatetahle given forall the vessels
tinder construction, the percentage of com-
pletion on July 1 and thelr probable dates of
completion

from the reporte of the

Coplous extracts
naval constructors at the several save vards
and from the reporta of the sunerintending
constructors give detailed information aa to
the exacition of the mechanical work under
the Mirena At the end of the report there are

complete and elaborate tables giv tag Information
great value realive to vessels built and

bullding ;
TO CHECK REVENUE STAMP FRAUDS,

Boreau of Engraving and Printing Hits Upoa
a Device to Detect Washel Stamps,

Wasntnaton, Oct. @h—Acting under Ine
atructiong from the Treasu! Department,
the Bureau of Engraving and Printing has |
been seeking to devise a scheme to prevent

the use ©

bureau offictals belleve they have, finally,

succeeded

it iswell known that for the past two years

6 have made big profe

 

peraons in U arg clu

ta by washing and cleaniog high-value docue
mentury revenue stuups Whea a few cents’ |
worth chemicals, skilfully manipulated,
will transform a cancelled stamp into one that

lay With reasonable safety be used a second

 

  
  

 

    

 

n
time, the incentl o buy the chemicals and |
practice tt deception becomes strong in the
minds of unecrupulous persons, eapecially
when the va the stamps runs up as high
an ohn TY ipprehensiona, red-handed, of
peraon@ with t sands dollars’ worth of
washed st rs in their possession, sure
! ded wi indisputable evidences of their
guilt, spurred the Treasury officials t vigorous
action with a view to putting @ stop Ww such
criminal practices.

The device upon by the Bureau of En-
graving and Printing is asf we At present
the star ire printed in an ber of « rs,
each «ta having a distinct shade In fi a
the denominations of @1, $2, $4, 25, $10 and $50
will all be printed in one color of ink, a pearl
era This ink will be unateact water of
thea coher leals commor . 1 the wash-
ing rocess Over the face of each stannp
wi) he auf arg ! r skeleton
figureina diver
the flaure
fe a 1}
this wire pr

u! 1
' atte: (

the very ex
hod: color
would be pre tha
viousl: used and we
will effeetiall tor
etary as a result

has heen defras de

The lower vahies
will not be changed, ast
come through them—th
in th

Ing

 
   

nations, wey q Tammy
the values of $100. & 13
supplied only tn book for indt j
errounding thelr use and keeping are such
that very great darger w 1 atte in ene
denvor to substitute shed st for an
unused one of these high de t tions.

The Bureau of Fngroving ad Printing ts
now at work upon the frst r ition ofthe new

Vill be placed at the

very si} ort time

ithdrawn

process stamps " ith

disposal of the public witt

All the old variety will then be w

from sale

PALL IN PRICES OF MANTFPACTURES,

Bat Nearly All the Figures on Farm Prodacts
Show an Advance

Oct. 21.-—A ret kable fall
manufact f

WASHINOTON,
in the prices of
the great classes [s shown by
of the Treasury Bureau of Statistics prepares
for the current number of the
mary and by recent issues of Dun's and Br

ires in nearly all of

t e f
er in

gures

 

   

  

   

street's. Comparing prices at the beginning
of the present month with those at the
beginning of the present year a tail from
10 \o 49 per cent Is shown. Tin plate shows
a reduction of 24 per cent, on (ict 8
compared with Jan 1, 10% refined |
21 per cent common W Ow @! ,
cent: wire nails, 3) per ¢ part re, 26
per cen Bessemer pig £,
steel rail<, 24 pe*cent’ yel r, 14
per cent fisal rope, 88 per ¢ i pe
2 percent. leathe lv per ce i {-
grades, {fm 7 jer cent to 1 ent

“ en dress goods o Various grades, from 8
per cent. to 12 per cer t

While nearly all of the figures relating to
manufactured articles show a red on
Oct, 1, 1900, as compared 1, 10
all figures on prices of f duc
advance during the sé

 

   

n advance f

ym 89
, centaon©

 

;
ct. 1: wheat

10 & : from 7 centa
per bushel on Jan. 1 to 70.7 -ents on Oct. 1°
marley, from 45 cents per bushel on Jan. 1 to
40 centa Oct. 1: hogs, from $@.50 per 100 pounds
on Jan. 1 to $8.80 on Oct. 1: cotton, from 7 11-16

cents per pound on Jan. 1 to 10.8 ¢ oe on Oct,
1: cotton seed, from $12 per ton on Jan. 1 to
$17.85 per ton on Oct. 1

 

 

JAPAN'S NEW CABINET,

Marquis Ito ts Premier—Ministers of War and
of the Navy Unchanged,

 

WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.—The Japanese legie

  

 

 

 

    

 

 

 
  
 

        
 
  

| TWO PISTOLS FOR HUMBERT:

STORY

THE SUN, MONDAY,

 

 

THAT LUIGI GRIMATTO WAS
TO KILL KING IF BRESCI FAILED.

Fils Cousin Giacomo Bassetti Gives Details of

have a confession by Giacomo Bussetti that

Alleged Plot to Italian Police—Crimatto,
& Paterson, N. J., Weaver — Has Mied to
South America~Bussetti’s Story Doubted.

Paterson, Oct 21.—The Itelian authorities

there was a second pisto] ready for King Hum-

ib

ert had that of Gaetano Bresci failed This
ato, was carried by Luigi Grimatto of Puter-
on, a friend of Bresoi and a well-known Abar-
hist According to Bussetti’a confession,

Grimatto was with Bresei just before the as-
sassination and had agreed that if Breeci failed

he was to try also Grimatto fled to South
America, This will explain why Supreme
Court Commissioner James M,. Trimble was 60

a“
Vv

nxious about Bruno Grimatto during the tn-
eetigation in this city Bruno was before him

| twice but claimed he knew nothing

revenue stamps a aecond time The |

pledged each other that ifo

wouldtry. Bussettisald that after the assasei-
bauen he saw Grimatto flourish nis revolver
over bia head and declare Chat it was the twin
of the one that had kliied a King and had been
ready to do execution if Kreacl's had not found
Its Grimatto threw the weapon into
ari is he crossed a bridge at the frontier.

\ vandino says there was no truth in
the coofession of Bussetu, who only adinitted
what police put in bis mouth in order to

| gut f jail.
THREATENED BY ANARCHISTS,

Robert Rene, boss dyer at the Alexander |
Dye Worke at Lodi, has received a letter signed |
‘Vive lAnarchie which he has turned over |
to Prosecutor Eugene Emiey of this city be |

tion to-day received the following telegram
from the Forelen OMce at Toklo

“Marquis Yamagata’s Cabinet having re-
signed, Marquis ‘s Cabinet was formed on
the tuth. Ita members are as follows

Minister President, Marquis Ito; Minister
for Foreign Affairs, Mr. Takuacl Kato: Minister
of the Interior, Baron Suyematsu; Minister for |
War, Marshal Viscount Katsura, Minister of
the Navy, Vice-Admiral Yamamot Ministe
of Finance, Viscount Watanabe Minister
Agriculture and Commerce, Mr. Yuzo Hav ashi
Mintster of Educau Mr. Masahisa Matsuda
Minister of Communieations, Mr. Toru Hoshi
Minister of Justice, Baron Kanek

It will be seer it the Ministers of War and

 

nef

of the Navy remain une!
cry LOSES HALF A BLOCK,

Property Given to Long Island City Retarned
by Coart to Unton Colleg .

 

Under a decision rendered by Justice Gaynor
of the Supreme ¢ to a
half block of property tn Long Island City on
which it had been surgested that a
building for the borough of Queens be erected
The property is near the Qu nty Court

ourt the city loses title

publio

 

  

House, It is triang:Jar, having a frontage on
Jackson avenue, Tvelfth street and Ely
and is estimated ts be wort! enst
The property was part of the tugs Union
College in Long Island City ¢ Feb 1, 1873,

   

    

  

    

 

  

the trustees of the lege adopted a resol
deeding the property of Long Island ¢
} the condition that the corporation ere iCT Hs.
ona city hall The plot was eo situated it
Ww ermanent iocat , of the celty | dita
on triangle would greatly enhance the
v
of!
thr
of bonds to
always et with
lie matter was tin
tten until shortls °
torough President Frei
had a search tna ’
tarte! amove
to erect a Bor
irose A questi
rought an action to determine whether or not
Lone [sand ¢ had t forfeited a) cain
to the laud t g.' (allure t tInpay with the
conditions of the dead of transfe
Jiist in his decision vids that
twer seve f aren wa e
ft ein . o econ
ditions the «if ind that Long
Is and City having been absorbed by Greater
New York no ion er had the power to comply
with the conditions, and tia property in conse

L

quenoe reverts to the original owners. As
compensation for being deprived of the prop-
erty since the date of consolidation Justice
Gaynor allows the allege $3,380 damages.

seppe Mercandino, a weaver living at 85 La-
fayette street, who has just returned from

Italy,

h
I

4

ahead of Bresei,

5

The story of the confession ts told by Gtu-

Like nearly all other Paterson Ltallans,
© was arrested and examined, but immediately
eieased,

mimuatto went to
pend her

Hie took

hit

1

In this city he had lived at 35 Market street, |

and

i9 was 33 years of age and unmarrte

for tive years had workedin tue Astley & Balley

1

eal

}

anything, but they put him io solitary cole
juement for forty-elght Lours without food |
r water. Every twelve hours they came

r
t

t
t

]

King. They had revolvers ex

h

Here was the person ailided to under the e«ob- |
riquet ‘the ‘amous Barca Grinuln” in Spe |
randio’s le which had the following

hand {s the death of two apie’ that are known |
as Colorista Romano and the famous Barca
Grinuin [heee two persons are not worthr

t

rT

Italy or Are

{

«

cause [t was postmarked Paterso:

o be in the world

 
   

ease Le tuld Mereandino that
confession in order to escape
that he know ¢
16 saW nO reason wl

turture

he should suffer

At first Kussett! refused to tell the police |

o him and asked him if he would confess,
elling hitn What they thought heknew.
jussetti signed a paper ackuoWledaing
admitted to him

ed the assassiiation of th
vetly alike anc
» falled the other

iffmatto had

Sreacl had plat

    
  

 

 

  

it threat-
ng that if he is not more careful in his treat-
mrt the Italian laborers under him he will
hare the same fate as Gluseppe Feasina, the
at Weidmann's dye works in this
was murdered by Caribone Bye

    

ist twith renewed ao-

that a connection can be

‘tter and the famous ono

{ ‘ idowed the death of

imbert. Sperandio’s letter ig in the
nof James M. Trimble, the Supreme
ssforer Mr. Trimble has been

the second letter and he Las sent for

 

pare the two
| re ia an A dditien whoiffeance in this
ew letter from the tact that {it ls believed Supt

 

   

  

r,
Moreover, now, 1 caution you that noar at

It is for this reason that
wherever it may be, whether ip
rica, wanta to destroy all such
espicable px e, With this I finish my let-
r Tt extends ¢ mv last adieu.”

Colorista. Romano was known to work tn

ny soctety,

 

 

  

Weldmann's shop, but “the farnous Barca
Grinutn” was not known, and there waa a rumor
th et for the boss dver at

Tred rt

ut it was as oa

e murdered Fesing waa known as a

striet discipiinartan, and alleged to be harsh

t

  

it

friends, he turned it over to the authorities.

those under n Rane ia also said to be
“ey strict, athough he has never been charged
it irtiaity or eruel treatment

Torts have bean made to trace the letter

Vivre lAnarchie,” but without effect
he received it Mr. Rene fet like treat ng
tempt, but, on the advice of his

vith oe

TWO ALLEGED CHECK FPORGERS,

One Sald Ie Was a Wentworth of New York

arrested at the

a
f
b

‘

A dete

 

e
'

Wentworth It

1
orgery

Checks on the Colonial Bank,

Va, Oct. 21.-Two strangers
Atlantic Hotel here last night
‘a to be noted forgers
give a colored bellboy a check
him to get it cashed The
om the boy presented the
is and notified the police
examined the check con-
lea 4 vas forged It Was drawn on
lonial Bank of New York, signed by
es K, Wentworth aad payable to Willi
waa indorsed J. R. Grandy,
»tive then arrested the map who the
id gave him tne chee

said he was a gon of Justice Went-
New York, but later said he was
Braun and that the check was a
A book of blank checks of the Colo-
lal Kank was found on him Braun's trav-
ing companion was also arrested. He says
is narne is John Wataon, alsoS G. Blackgood

NORFOLK,

re beliaved by the po
ine of the
r $45, asking
isiness nan to w
ek was suspic
tive whe
that it

Reth men are held. They say they came here

from Philadelphia

COLUMBIA'S NEWEST INSTITUTION,

Plans for Earl Hall Filed-Work to Begtn |

at Columbia University, have been filed.

Next Month,

Plans for Ear! Hall, the new studente’ building
They

show that it will be built of dull red brick and
Indiana Mmestone, in harmony with the other

b
b
§
le

Ww

r

©

tl

ulldingsonthecampus. twill besurmounted
y alow dome anda portico reached by broad
tepe will face the east. The entrance wil
saddirectly tn.toareceptionroom, behindwhich
{1 bea large reading room and sever ilemaller
roms. The seco: d floor will be taken up by a
irae lecture hall in which the chapel services
fthe untverstty will be held pending the ereo-
onofasultablechapel building. Excavations

for the new building wil: begin next month.

Hob

Little Girl Fatally Barned,

Anna Lasa, 5 years old, of 422 Jackson street,
ken, dled In St. Mary’s Hospital, that city,

last night from burns sustained while play!ng

at

child was playing
ot

fo

e
NS

chi

youta bontire near her home yesterday The
“follow the leader” with some
er children Ihe leader, a boy, Jumped
ver the bontire, and when Anna attempted to
yw her dress caught tire. The flames were
stinguished by Health Inspector Samuel
tanton, Who was passiog, but not before the
id was fatally burne i

 

 

 

  

 

American
Art

Twenty-four prizes, includ-
ing the Grand Prix, were
awarded at the Paris Expo.
sition tothe products of the

TIPPANY esp STVDIOS
333T0341 FOVRTH AVENVE

(Bet 24th and 251th Sta) New York

 
   
  
  
   

Many accomplishments of
our art are shown in our
exhibition of

 
 
      
 

Favrile Glass.

 

lie was at Sagiiano Micca, where
Grimatto was also staying with relatives, Lulat
Italy about three weeks
His aged mother wanted to
last days iu her native land with her
daughter, and this ig the explanation given

of Grinatto’s trip. is mother with

he had signed a
lie
hat Grimatto was safe and

Finally
that
that he and

aithoritles to work |

 
 

 

PASTOR THREATENED TO SMASH HIM.

Oharges Made Against the Rev. Mr. Ryder
Before Baptist Assoctation,

Vauuey Stream, L. I, Oot, 21.—Following
two unsuccessful attempts to oust the Rev.
Herbert E. Ryder from the pastorate of the
First Baptist Churoh of this place, his oppon-
ents appeared last Wednesday night before

| the Long Island Baptist Association in the

Maroy avenue Baptist Church in Brooklyn,
and acoused him of having used abusive lan-
guage to Robert Dibble and of having threat-
ened him with personal violence. Said Mr.
Dibble in an interview yesterday:

“1 am not a member of the chureh and only
appeared before the Baptist Association as
a citizen interested in the welfare of this vil-
lage. I had some diMoulty with Mr. Ryder
over the arrest of a deacon of his church, Charles

Soper, who was charged by Truant Officer |

George Mott with violating the Compulsory
Educational! law in not sending his boy to school.

I was chairman of the village Board of Educa-
tion at the time and upheld the truant officer,
while Mr, Ryder took the part of bis deacon.
It was while this controversy was under way
that Mr. Ryder met me in the Post Oftice. We
had some words when Mr, Ryder, who |e 4 very
impulsive fellow, shouted: ‘[ can lay aside my
religion and smash you in the jaw!’ “

No clash followed, but It appears that Mr.
Dibble didn't forget the alleged threat. In
order to test his strength with his congregation
Mr, Ryder tendered his r nation. Friends
| of Mr. Ryder say the handful of opponents In
{the church lost no time tag ad-
vantage of this move, W am, B,
Lamberson, who is chairman of the Board
of church deacons called @ meeting to take
action on the realenatiop Tt is asserted that
no tine was given the Rev. Ryder w get his
friends out, ao that on the night of the nieetin
@ resolution to accept the resignation was carri:

made against me belore the Baptist ssociation,
they were not in the nature of charges, bit
| simply certain oral statements were made to
individual members of the association, I ‘fp
anxious fora full investigation and Itis probable
the controversy will be referred to some sub-
committee for Inquiry "

Pastor Ryder came here three years ago and
he helped dig the cellar and lay the foundation
of the ehureh. He also did carpenter work of
thestructure. When funds ran short he startec
{n to finish the building himself, with the result
that he became fll fom overexertion and
entered a hospital, When he got out he re-
turned to bis unfinished bullding and gave the
structure a coat of paint, When the building
was ready for services there was no janitor
The Rev. Kyder says he played the part o
janitor in addition to his other duties. A
times on cold days, while the congregation
were singing the opening hymn he would slip
down from the pulpit and put coal tn the fur-
nace.

 

CHAPEL MAY BECOME ELECTIVE,

 

 

Otherwise a New Building Wil Have to Be
Halit at Yale, Batcell Is So Crowded.

New Haven, Conn,, Oct, 21,-Those students
of Yale who have been excused from the obli-
gation of attending Sunday services in Battell
Chapel on account of their profession of other
denominations than the Congregational have
received notice that they must attend the
chureh that they belong to regularly and that
no seats will be reserved for them in Battell.
The reason for this mandate is that sitting
room 1s at @ premium in Battell Chapel and
that the crowd of students, augmented on
Sundays and special cocasions by the families
of the faculty members, as well as by a large
number of visitors, is larger than the number
| of seata to be had. Whenever there is any
extraordinary programme to be observed
at Sun

 

} have to stand up or sit in the aisies, uniess
they are able to find seats several minutes
betore services are begwur

here is a feeling on the colle
the faculty will either enlarge
a new
increase. But « large portion of the under-
graduate body, as well as many of the alumni,
are of the opliuion that the faculty will in the

e campus that
attell or erect

  

 

  

near future do away entirely with the rules
regardiig chapel atiendance. As it has been
for many decades, every student in Yale Col-

lege proper is obliged to attend rallgious wors
ship in Battell daily and on Sunday. Severe
penalties are imposed for absence, and those
who seek to be excused from Sunday worship
must turnish satisfactory guarantee that they
will be prompt and regular in their attendance
at other churches
tendance at an outside church must be fur-
nished every Monday. The fact that the stu-
dents of the other departments of the univer-
sity are not obliged to attend chapel, with the
exception of the divinity men, Yives the aca-

dene studenta hope that the same ead may | fainted away. 1

be attained in the college proper

There is not a great deal of opportunity to
| enlarge Bartel! Chayel without sacrificin
| beauty and symmetry of the outer buiidings
on the campus, and it is ho} thought any at-
tempt wi be made to aiter the bul ding at the
cost of its beauty. A new building might be
erected in the centraof the campus, butas there
are no fundg on hand for that purpose, it is not
likely that the woyk will be begun Immediately
It is very likely that ome steps Will be taken
as @arly as possibe to remedy the difficulty
that both etudents and faculty labor under in
finding accommodation for themseives on
Sundays

ARMED BLACKS OWNED A SOUND BOAT,

Drank, Gambled and Fired Revolvers on the
City of Lowell—Deckhand Hit,

The steamer (City of Lowell left New London,
Conn., for this city about midnight between
Saturday and Sunday. Among the deck pas-
sengers were thirty negro longshoremen who
had gone up to New London to take the place
of the striking dock laborers of the Vermont
Central RKallroad, On Saturday they had
yielded to the persuasion of the atrikers and
were returning to this city after drawing their
pay, Some had worked a whole week, others
| only a day or two, butall had money in their

pockets when they boarded thesteamer, Many

had been drinking and they brought a supply
of liquor tu bottles on board and took posses-
sion of the foredeck where they sang, drank
and played craps. Quarrela were frequent
and occasionally it looked as if there would
be a geeral fight

apparently more in arrogance than to hitany
one,
the steamer was between Huntington onthe
Long Island shore and Stratford Shoals on the
Connecticut side, when one of the negroes un-
expectedly leaned over the scuttle and fired a
Bhiot haphasard into the forecastie. The bullet
| landed tn the left arm of Willlam Casey, a deck-
hand, who was asleep in one of the bunks “4
«

effort was made to discover the man who fire
but all revolvers had suddenly disappeare
and all the negroes asserted that they had been
asleep audthattheshot had awakenedthem.
Vhen the boat reached the North River vese
terday rgorning, the captain called Polleeman
Mever of the steamboat squad on board. He
eearched ali the negroes, but found only one
revolver tn the crowd Every one of the thirty
was arrested, however, and taken {n a patrol
mee in to the Jefferson Market police court.
atthew Frisbee of 10 Lafayette street,
rooklyn, was the man who had a revolver
when searched, but James Vaughn of 173
Johnson street, Brooklyn, was pointed out as
the man who probably had shot Casey. A
watchman on the steamboat said he had stood
within ten feet of Vaughn = when the latter
fired, but Mactsetrate Mott refused to entertain
a compluint against any one but Frisbee, whom
he tined $10 for carrying a concealed weapon
When the negro heard that he was to be the
only victim, he offered to tell everything He
said that he had seen Vaughn fire Into the
forecastie and asserted that about half of the
mang had carried revolvers, but had thrown
them overboard when they approached this
city and heard that there would be trouble
He hadn't sacrificed bis because it was new
| Hla confession was of no avail because all the
others had been discharged and had already
left the court room

|

 

New M. E. Charch Dedtoated,

Dedication exercises were conducted in the

/ new Newman Memorial Mission Methodlat

Eplsoopal C!.ureh, Herkimer street and Bchneo-

| tady avenue, Brooklyn, yesterday, The Rev.

| © L. Hown conducted the services in the

morntoe. The cdediowory sermon was preached

| by Bishop Edward G. Andrews inthea‘ter oon,

| and in the even ng addre s° were made by the

| Rev ae Beton the Rev Dr. James 8, Chad-
| wick, the Rew. I Tipple and the pastor, t

| Rev. ‘Dr. WH Brooks, —

The Inteliigence of a ‘‘Sun" Reader

} makes him asafe person to treat wit
mind tf your goods to be dis ve eeene
dverusement in THE SU

 

  

OOTOBER 22, 1900.

| WITH MILITARY HONORS.

‘ were Private Daniel Crowley,

|

| Roosevelt Camp

kK mil, A year ago be was treasurer 0 4
@ eat ‘ se lute, t 6 Koacehish onan, onda by a vote of 8 to 7, Chairrnan Lamberson voting |
Inember of the “Right of Eaistence group of | against the pastor, This meeting was theb
Anarchists, He was an intimate fHeud of | declared tllogal, and another meeting was
Gastaio Bresct and was gaid to have @ great | called. Upon this occasion Pastor der
influence with the regicide, friends were there in force, and tie resolution
he Italian polos, it 1s said, got some’ tm- | to accept the regignation waa lost by a vote of
formation from telegrams which were passing | 11 fo8, Pastor Ryder said yesterday:
over the wires, and almost lnimnediately alter It is but necessary for me to state that
the assasainatl thay descended upon the | some time ago Mr, Dibble made publio apology
village of Sagliano Miooa and arrested all tomeandretracted certain derogatory remarks
the relatives of Grimatto except Giacomo | hemade. [havo the utmost charity Tor all and
| Gisgetti, a Uirst cousin. Grimatto had been | bear ul will toward no ony, but Iam determined
seen around the village three hours before | that the law shall be obeyed in this village.
the arrival of the gendarmas. It was learned | Against the Individuals I have nothing; it ls
that he bad ded across the border into Switzer- | their business that I object to. Slot machines
land, guided Bussetti. The latter was are | andother gambling devices shall not be tolerated
rested and held for nine days. After his re- | in thie place In regard to the alle ed charges ,

jay services the chapei is filed to such |
} ab extent that the students in the ga! eries |

|

chapel if the attendance continues to |

Besides, 4 certificate of ate |

| capemen, was near at han<

Kevolvers were fired, but |

rn a

' the Second Battery as escort to the calssons

69TH’S DEAD BURIED HERE,

LAID AT REST BESIDE THEIR KIN

 

Coffins, Draped With the Flag and Bearing
Laurel Wreaths, Are Escorted by the Regi-
ment and War Veterans to the Cathedral-
Thousands Attend the Funeral Services.
During the months immediately following

the close of the Spanish-American War, six

Enlisted men of the Sixty-ninth Regiment died

in Southern camps. With the simple service

prescribed for a private soldier, the men were
buried near the camps where they died. They

Company F,

who died on July 23, 1898, and Musician William

Ray, who died on July 26 of that year, at Fort

Thomas, Newport, Ky.; Private John Riley,

Company M, who died on Sept .12; Private Wil-

Ham Pyne, Company B, who died on Oct, 21;

Private John Burke, Company B, who died on

Nov. 14 and Private Henry Murray, Company

N, who died on Jan. 12, 1800, at Hunteville,

Ala. A committee of officers of the regiment,

consisting of Capt. P. J. Farrelly, Capt. P. E

Revelle, Lieut, P. J, McGuire and Regimental

Quartermaster John A. Delaney, was sent to

Huntsville and Newport to disinter the bodies

and bring them home for burial here. The

bodies reached here last Friday and till yes
|

terday afternoon lay in state in the Sixty-ninth’s

mory at Seventh street and Jhird avenue.
were buried beside their own kin-
dred, with full military ho and with all
the elaborate ceremonies of the Roman Catho-
lic Church, in whose faith they died

When the aix gomne were taken to the ar.
mory on Friday they were placed upon a grea
catatalque in the centre of the dri shed tloor
and a guard of honor was posted. Yesterday |
j00n, each draped with an American flag and
earing a wreath of laurel, they weretakenfrom |
the armory, placed on calssons of the secon
attery, and eacorted by the regiment an
Spanish War Veterans were borne to St. Pat-
rick’as Cathedral, where the funeral services
wero held. The line of march was from the
armory to Fourth avenue, to Niuth street
to Fifth avenue, to the Cathedral. A squad
of ten mounted policemen, under Roundsman
Smith, had the right of line followed by Col,
Duffy and his staff, the regimental band and
the regiment, with colors draped with crape,
of Spanish War Veterans,
Guy V. Henry Camp, Spanish War Veterans,

hen the

bearing the coffins, and relatives of the dead
in carriages.

There were 2,000 or 8,000 about the armory
when the line was forming and twice as many
Were about the Cathedral when the bodies
While the band played a dirge,
a agiad of aix men and a corporal carried each
coffin to a great bier which had been erect
immediately in front of the chancel at the heac
of the main aisle. The foot of the bier was
draped with the flag of the Chaplain of the
regiment, Father Daly, who is one of the Cathe- |

reached there

from the time tt went to Camp Black until it
was mustered out of the United States service,

kKvery pew and every available foot of the
tanding room in the Cathedral was filled when |
ather Lavelle ascended the pulpit to deliver |
the address of welcome, in the name of Arch-
bishop Corrigan, who had to be in West Point
to dedicate a church there Father Daly
delivered the funeral oration and then. cele-
brated the service of absolution, Father
Thomas F. Myhan was the master of ceremon-
les, assisted as Father Thomas Murphy
as deacon and Father Henry T. Newey as sub-
deacon. A military burial at Calvary Cemetery
followed the services

While Fatier Leavelle was speaking in the
Cathedra! Richard Croker, J. Sergeant Cram,
Congressinan Willlam Sulzer and two or three
friends entered through the Fiftieth street
door and took seatg in the third pew — from
the front. John D. Crimmins and Justice
Fitzgeraid were also present,

dral priests and who served with the regiment |

AMATEUR TARS CAPSIZED,

Unreefed Cathboat Overturned Off Grant's
Tomb and Crowds Watoh the Rescae.

While Liverside Drive was crow ded yeeter-
day noon with pedestrians, cyclista, horsemen,
drivers, private turnouts and automobiles,
Bicycle Policeman Byron M. Sackett saw four
young men wiio looked as if they might be
Columbla students, run down the river bank
at lidth street and jump into a dory. They
pulled out to a catboat, on the stern of which
waa the name “Teko,” and hoisted the sail
There was a double reef breeze blowing up
streain, but the four amateur sailors put no
reef in their sail. Along the Drive hundreds
watched the catboat as the wind carried her
close to the Columbia boathouse in such a

manner that a collision was imminent. Bhe
missed the float by a few yards, and one of the
amateurs put the tiller about so that the wind
struck the boat on thestarboard beam. Police-
man Sackett, who is quite a sailor and oars-
man himself, did his best to shout instructions
to the foolhardy boys, but they were Wo rattied
to hear. In a Jiffy the wind freshened a bit
and the boat capsized

As the four young men spilled they let out

vell that attracted attention all along the
fe ve from 116th street to Grant's Tomb, Men
and boys ran down to the river bank and shouted
for help. A boat club. barge, manned by six
The floundering
amateurs tried to get within reach of the trail
craft with the regult that the alx oarsmen almost
hey got their oars all mixed
up and were in danger o peing upset, too,
here then Peter Brennan, employed at the boat-

ouse of James U, Cogan at the foot of 116th
street, leaped into a rowboat and pulled out
to where the half-drowned tare were swallow-
ing salt water by the gallon,

“Save us!” they yelled
“Shut up!" retorted Brennan, as he got within
reach “Climb into this boat and Sput up!”
Aa Brennan dragged the amateur sallors into
the boat, one by one, he was roundly cheered
by a crowd on the bank rennan righted the
ecatboat and taking it in tow rowed to the shore,
The four young men who looked as if they
might have been Columbia students jumped
out upon a float and were confronted by Police-
man Sackett, who asked for their names.

“Never mind,” was the reply. “We hired
the boat for the day but it isn’t of any further
use to us” With that the young men rao as
fast as their drenched clothing would permit
them up 116th street in the direction of Columbi
University, leaving the Teko in the hands of
Brennan.

MISSION, OR DANCE HALL?

 

Future of Billy McGlory’s Fifty-ninth Street
Place Uncertain,

There are two dis inct movements tending
toward a new utilization of Bily McGlory's
Fifty-ninth street music hall, One isurecdby
the Rev. 8 Hariwell Pratt, who conducted the
tent meetings at Broadway and Fifty-sixth
street last summer. His plan is to make the
resort a centre of mission work. The other
projected plan is being « eveloped by Charles
Colwell, a process server nd danor, who
wants to run a dancing hall there, and who
says McGlry has arianged to let the place to
the Colwell Assooiation for the Promotion of
Artistic Dancing. Colwell is past 60 years
and |. confident to th: extent of $25 that he
can outdanoe any other artistio Ganoer in
New York.

 

Trolley Victim Dies of Her [njurtes.
Fourteen-year-old Ruth Heidenheim of 191
Rodney street, Willlameburg, who was struck
by a trolley car at Rodney street and Broadway
on Saturday night died early yesterday morn-

ing in the Eastern Dist:iot Hospita, The |
mother-in-law of Georg» R. Valentine, a |
former President o° the Eastern District

Sunday School Associa io: of Williamsburg,
was killed at the same spot in April 1897.

 

THE ARGUMENTS
that are advanced daily to catch the unwary

urchaser cover miles of space. Our talking
s all done by pot productions do it.

Our suits and overcoats and the price for
which we make them to your order—

‘15 |

constitute a far stronger argument for your
patronage than do oceans of shallow promises.

W. C. LOFTUS & CO,,

Sun Building, Near Brooklyn Bridge ,
AND
1191 Broadway, Near 28th St. |

| chi

 

 

The Globe=Wernicke Co.

FULTON AND PEARL STS,

A book-case that grows with
your library —always fits

your books—expands as your
books increase —a system
of units—that’s the

Wernicke Elastic Book-Case

Call or send for booklet.

ALGO ELABTIO CABINETS, CARD INDEXES, DasKs,

CAPITAL WAITING TO SEE,

 

Tremendous Amounts Ready for Investment
When McKinley's Re-elected.

Henry Voorce Brandenburg, senior member of
the firm of Henry Voorce Brandenburg & Co.
of 6 Wall street, said on Saturday that while the
publio was informed tn a general way of the
fact that capital was waiting before investing
to see the outcome of the Presidential contest,
there was no conception among most people
of the tremendous amounts which waited only

| the assurance of continued Republican control
| to begin the development of new industries.

“I do not believe that the people realize the
extent of this condition,” said Mr. Brandenburg.
“Millions of dollars are being held back until
the election ts over, When the money is put
into these enterprises that are now standing
still, thousands of workingmen will be employed
Bo you see that the capitalist and the laborer
are both affected by the present condition

“We have enterprises In nearly every section
of the country that are simply waiting until
the proprietors know that there will be no

change from the prosperous national polloy
of the past Nour years. For instance, here is
the Needmore Coal Company, a Tennessee
concern, he owners, who, by the way, are
Democrats, have made all thelr arrangements
to raise $4,000,000 to develop and extend their
business, but the project 1s now held yp until
McKinles ‘s occupancy of the Presidential
r is assured for another four veare

“There is the Washington Lumber ¢ ompany,
of fa rhaven, Wash. which will increase {ta
eapltal by the addidon of $100,000 for the pur-

ose of marketing \Washington lumber tn the
Phil ypines and Alaska. Very naturally these
people will do nothing {f we are to have a new
Policy {n the Phiilppines,

Che Dorner truck and Manufacturing Com-

any, with offices at Cleveland, and works at
omansport, Ind. will increase its capital and
enlarge its plant §0 as to give employment to
800 more men if McKinley is re@ ecter

“A manufacturing concern with a capital of
$1,000,000 will erect a plant at Ottawa, Ill,
and give employment at the #tart to 1,000 men.

“A West Virginia coal company that is now
producing 880 tons a day has secured promises
of sufficient capital to increase ita output to
1,000 tons a day if McKinley Is re@lected. An-
other coal company has shut down until after
election, because of inadequate railroad facilf-
ties. The gh for the railroad extension
is completed and the capital is ready for the
work. after the election

“The Traders’ Steamship Company of Provt-
dence, is waiting unti its directors are assured
of a continuance of the present Porto Rican
polley, when it will spend $000,000 in a line of
vessels to ply between New York, Providence
and San Juan.

“Here is one in the Far West: Near San
Francisco a vineyard and quarry company,
capitalized at $1,000,000, {9 waiting until after
election to proceed with ita work, This con-
cern will employ a large number of men.

“These are only a few of many, but they will
illustrate the feeling of business men in regard
to the coming election.”

 

 

THE GROWTH OF MORMONISMN,

Gained 63,000 Converis in 1897 and Imperils
the Country, Says the Rev, Sydney H. Cox.

The Rev. Sydney Herbert Cox, pastor of

 

| the Lee Avenue Congregational Church tn

Hooper street, Williamsburg, preached last
night on “The Political Pert! of Mormonism.”
Mormonism, sald the Rev. Mr. Cox, is nothing
but emasculated Romanism, possessing all
the darkness and horror and none of the
strength and splendor that Rome has seen tn
her wonderful history, The successful polit-
{eal methods of Mormonism imperil us, It

commands small colonies to equip themselves |

pnorongnly and nmiigrate into various Stat

or the purpose of securing the balance o
power in those States. These colonists have
no polities will of their own. Their
missionaries are bound body an
soul to the priesthood and are al
more in earnest than any other
workers to be found. In 1807 there were
seventeen hundred of them. The gain to
Mormonism tn that one year was 63,000 cor verta,
and this when the total number of Mormons
was leas than athird of amilifon. During the
same year the efforta of over 4.000,000 Presby-
terians, Methodists and Congregationalists
did not secure more than 60,000 converts or

18.000 lesa than the Mormons alone secured. The |

census of 1890 showed that the Mormons num-
bered tn Idaho 15,000, in Arizona 6,500, in Iowa
6,500 and tn six other States from 1,100 to 2,000
each. The census of 1900 will reveal an in-
crease that will prove astonishing to Protestant-

fem and alarming to all patriotic Americans.
Mormonism will never rule America, but
the apathy that postpones its doom prolongs

the horror and the agony of those who auffer
from ite infernal influence. The Church must
aroused. The Christianity of the nation
must be atl and organized until this acarlet
woman of our ig c is destroyed and we
are rid forever of this bestial barbarianism.”

 

18-YEAR-OLD GIRL LURED AWAY,

Man Who Took Her From Home to Allen
Street Talks in Court of Marrying Her,
James McGowan of 035 Paoiflo street, Brook-
lyn, was in the Easex Market police court yes-
terday charged with abducting Tess.e Deliins,
18 years old, of 69% Warren street, Brooklyn,

It was oharged that on Oct. 17 he enticed the |

girlfrom her home and took herto 183 Allen
airee!, where she was kepta prisoner Awent

Agne of the Gerry Society found her there on |

Saturdiy night and managed to rescue her and
to ar est McGowan who was with her, 'n spite
of ‘he attempts of a crowd of “lighthouses’’ to

reventhim. In court MoGowan declared that
16 loved the efrl and wanted to\: arry her

“You area 6 oundrel,” sald Magistrate Ho-
gan, as he held MoGuwan in $1,000 bail for ex-
amination

WOMAN JAILED ON SUSPICION

 

 

Of Giving a Bad Check toa Business Man
~ Gives a Fictitious Address.

A fiashily attired woman who gaid she

was lillian Smith and gave 886 Weat Fifty-

eighth street as her address was taken before

| Magistrate Deuel in the Yorkville police court

yesterday by Detective McMullen, who asked

the Magistrate to remand her as a suspicious
yereod unti) fuller inquiries had been made in
her case he pocused made no objection to
he remand, 60 she wee remanded to the Mercer
street police station where Central Office female
prisoners are kept. Deteotive McMullen woul:
only say that she was suspected of ving pase
@ worthless che

this city, but it was not known yet whether she
was the woman want
of blank checks were found in her possession.
The Dame and address she gave are fictitious

 

 

New Polish Charch to The Bronx Dedicated.

8t. Adalbert's Polish Roman Catholic Church |

at Elton avenue and i66th street in The Bronx

was dedicated yesterday by Bishop Farley.
In the morning Father Felix Baran of New-
town, L. L, superior of the Francksoan Order,
ce.ebrated high mass, he Rev. J.J. Dougherty
of the mission of the Immaculate Conception,
reiched the dedication sermon, The ehurch
6 in a Poilsh community. It was organized
in 1897 with the Kev. Joseph Dworgak of Wil-
lame ridge as the pastor, The new edifice
nae cost $55,000. The Rev. 8. J. Nowak is the
pastor.

 

Why Covenanters Can't Vote.

Inasermonin the Third Reformed Presby-
terian Church vesterday the pastor, the Rev. F.
M. Foster, explained why Ovvenantera do not
vote. The reason, he said, 's that the Conati-
tution makes the people supreme, ‘thus deny-
ing God's authority.’ It recuite fro hat
a Christian cannot take the Selina’ Zack
“because lt wears hin toke p the: Mee ope on
the Lord's day. He cannot swear that he laws
the peo le make shal! be executed as

we. All the Christians who y 'eare now up-

iding the liquor traMo; the Raines law, mail

Ceased naerwie and ip some cases li-

 

religous |

ck for $20 0n a business man of |

, although a number |

supreme |

 

Metallic
Fancy Velvets,

the latest Dress Novelty for
Costumes and Waists.

We are showing combina-
tions of black and gold, black

alsé black

7)
“se

with Vieux rose,
with the new green, and
styles of black and white, at

ST. OO per yard,

We have the exclusive sale
of these goods for this city
and Brooklyn.

A large assortment of
Zibetune and
Camel's Tair,
in all the new shades.
Libeline,
$1.65, $2, $2.25 & $3

a yard.
Camel's Harr,

$1.00, $1.25 & $1.50
a yard,

Lord& Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St.

 

lewis & GONGER,

High Grade
Housefurnishing Goods

cordially invite inspection of their en-
larged premises. The old store has been
extended through to 4ist St., so that
our immense stock may be easily shown,
Everything necessary for Kitchen,
Laundry, Cellar, Dining-Room, Library,
Pantry, Hall, Bath, and Stable.

Only Best Manufactured Goods: In

CUTLERY, COOKING UTENSILS, CKOCKERY,
FIREPROOF EAH! HEN and PORCELAIN © OOK.
ING WAR, CHINA and GLASS, SANITARY Akt
TICLES for sick room and nursery, ICECREAM
PREFZERS, CLOTHES-WRINGERS, WOODEN
and WILLOW WARE, FIRE SEIS, ANDIRONS,
and FENDERS tn BRAS» and IRON; CARPET
| SWEEPERS, HOUSECLEANING Articles.

Eddy Refrigerators, &c.,&c

Goods Delivered Free to any part of the
“Greater New York,'' or carefully Packed ang
Delivered at Stations within LOO miles.

ORDERS BY MAIL RECEIVE PROMPT AND
CAREFUL ATTENTION.
130 and 132 West 42d St,
135 West 41st St.

BETWEEN BROADWAY AND 6TH AVE.,
NEW YORK.

RESIDENCE PARK AT FLUSHING,

 

Hildreth Heirs Will Lay Out Ninety Acres on
the Plan of Taxed.

Ninety acres of land near Flushing, L. L,
are to ba transformed into a park on the plan
of Tuxedo. The property is opposite the Broad-
way station of the Long Island Railroad and
ig owned by the Hildreth estate The
intend to apply to the Board of Pubiic Improve-

heirs

ments for permission to lay out roads and walks
through the land on a plan diferent from that
It is desired to have the

plghware and paths run around through the
owland and keep the high ground as sites for
residences. The work of surveying the prop.
erty has etarted and a map will be prepared
for submission to the city authorities. J
amall pond on the place Is to be enlurged and
deepened to form a lake, Shade trees are to
be planted along the driveways and fountains
erected. The building plots will be tuo feet
equare. There wil be several entrances to
the park. N. F. Barrett, a landscape artist
of New Rochelle, N. Y., haa charge of the work
out the grounds. The heirs active tn
the project are [D, Morgan Hildreth of this
eltv, Mrs. D. M. Hildreth owner of the West
ind Hotel at Long Branch, and Mrs, Ernest
Melere of this city.

|

|

!

j

adopted by the city
of ae

|

The greater the number of people
who know you and the better each
| knows you the more business you get

TART CALENDARS

Will tell about you in 1901 toa great
many people and a great many times

to each—ALL of them the right
people—YOU select them. Calen-
dars are very good advertising for
Some; very poor for others; if in
doubt, ask us, and we'll tell you
whether Calendars vill pay YOU,
We make more Caleiscars for more
advertisers than any other concern
in the world..........

Al your request we a ill send
samples orhiteau erenancall

EE THEOSBORNE COMPANY

WORKS, NEWARK, N. 3. 277 BROADWAY

ee

 

 

 

}
}

son ete

NNN a

—)

re a

0 emer eee

-,