ce

a

i

 

 

|

BRYANITES FIND ONLY COLD COM*
FORT IN THE REGISTRY.

“Vote Early’ Will Be the Republicsn War-
ory From Now Ontn Tats City Becatve the
Registered Vote Has So Far Overtcaped What
Was Prepared For Up-the-State Figures,

The Republican
yesterday that the large increase in
ber of voters registered thie year over
meant that all the men who were opposed to
he figures for

managers anid
thenum

campagn

law

Bryanistn were coming out.
Manhattan and The Bronx which were printed
in THe SUN of yesterday epoke for themselves
The heaviest gain waa tn the Thirty-fifth dis-
trict, which is usually Demoeratic, but the
Republican campaigners eald that a gor d part
of this waa anti-Bryan and that most of it was
due to the natural growth of the ely The
Republicans are all thor tightly satistied
the registry. They say that t egainin the
Twenty-third district is largely Republican and
they believe they can transfer this district to
the Republican column. ‘The losses fn the
downtown districts are all Democratic, and,
acoording to the Republloans, the falling off
{n the registration {n the Second, Eighth and
certain other districta indicates that the Ine

fluences which have been at work to prevent
pub has not bee

The KR

prev

 

ok

colonizatlor

informed yet
publican manag
the casting of
convineed will prove more effective than any
plan that has been followed heretofore, and
there ts no question in the minds of the Repub-
oan campaigners, from Senator Platt and
Chairman Odell down, that there will be less
effective colonization this year than there has
been for years past.

Fearing that the congestion at the polling
places due to the enormous registration of
$690,073 in Manhattan and The Bronx may lead
the Republican leaders of the

h the
hut been ete

s have taken ateys t nt

raudulent yotes which they are

to loss of votes,

 
 

Twenty-first, Thirty-first, I'wenty-third and
Thirty-fifth districts are going t all (Chaire
man Odell of the StateCommittee and President
Greene of the County Committee {itek their
help to straighten matters out ol Abrabarn |
Gruber of the Iwenty-tirst sald yesterday U it
he thought his di t should be redivided Into
a larger number of ele thon district Whether
this can be done under the iaw t question
Anvhow, the big registratior fice wise
men to get t ear d vote i ‘ ming
and thus avoid running any e of being
> alteroor Fr ¥ on the

shit itint

Republican campaigners wil din into the vot

  

    

   
 

  

  

 

ers’ ears the phrase, “Vote eariy

The campaigners tigured « yesterday that
the vote in Manhattan and The Bronx on the
registration ought to be about do,(K, of which
15,000 will be “juiseelaneous lt Mr. Croker is
wolog to make i his promise to the Demos
cratic National Cortnittee to give au plurality
of 80,000 for Bryan below the Bronx he will,
admittedly, be obliged to make up all of it in
Manhattan and The Bronx, and this means that
Tamroany must Cast about 205,000 voles, ugall
135,024 four year go and 175,476 in 1808. The
Republican iuanagers rather guess not

The enrelinient of 230,460 voters in Brooklyn,
which is 25,1 1 excess of the figures ju the
last Presidentiai election, surprises both Re
publlean and Democratic managers lo the
former the surprise was most gratifying and

to the latter depressing

forces are lined up in as solid columns for

McKinies and Roosevelt as for McKinley and
Hobart in iswé is abundantly demonstrated
by a study of the registration, In 1896 the
Republicans carried twent) -fou

two wards, and it Is in these

  

of the 23,126 increased enroliment for this
is found, jeaving only an Increase of 1,602 in
the eight Democratic wards of 1803, IntheeRe-
publicans wards there are 425 election dis-
triots, <«o that the average increase per district
in the registration this ) ear is $0.65, while there
are ninety-three election districts in the elght
Democratic wards and they show an average
increase of only 17.24. In 1804 the Kepublicans
carried fourteen Assembly districts for their
Assembly candidates and the Democrats seven

In the former districts, which comprise 460
election districts, there ls an increa-ed regis-
tration this \ ear of 10,179 and in the latter, com-

prising 149 election districts, 1,047 Theaverugs

ain in the Republican districts is 40.89, and
the average gain in the Democratic districts
is 26.49

An expertenced election esti-

statistician

mates that allowing for the usual talling off |

rom the re@istrauon and the vote [or the

rohibitionist and Soctalist candidate, there
will be about 209,000 ballots cast for McKinley
and Bryan electors on Nov. 6
every one of the 78,882 vote he received {n 1806,
the entire Gold Democeratle vote of 3,709 cast
for Palmer and 11,522 additional, or just balf
of the entire increase tn the registration this
sear or altogether 92,118, he would still be
14,887 behind the probable vote for McKinley.
But shonld he reach the 109,000 limit, which no
careful observer of the political drift In Kings

county will admit, there would atill be a safe |

marainfor a aure plurality of from 8,000 to
10,0) for McKinley Some of the Re-/
publican manager- are confident that Bryan

eannot do much better than fe did four years
ago, and are looking for a McKinley plurality
of from 20,000 to 29,000, and there is not one of
them who thinks ft will fall below 12,000

With the latter plurality for McKinlev the
Republicans would be sure of electing three of
the five Congressmen, four of the seven Sena-
tors and fourteen of the twentv-one Assem-
blemen. For the first time {n three vears the
Republlean orca ization In Kings county ts
thoroughly united and there {a not a ripple of
factional contention all along the line. The
Unton League Clib, the Young Republican
b and other etrong organizations, which
ere disgruntled during the Mavoralty cam-
algn, are now working together, while the
Yeroernata are confronted with serious pv
Msrffection In some of their strongest districts
and a general disgust at the surrender of Wil-
loughby Street to Richard Croker and Tam-
many, as evidenced by the treatment of Hill
at Kansans City and Coler at Saratoga

A month or a0 ago the Democratio bettors
in Kines county were eager to. give odds of
2 to 1 that Brvan woud carry the county, but
the odds went 40wn etendily unti! even terms
were the best that could he obtained It wag
on these terms that ex-Sheriff William J
Butiing got in $4,000 on McKinley, Louis R
Behman taking the Brvan sid
ns the registration began Democratic money
disappeared, and any betting
will probably be on the volume of McKinley's
plurality. On Saturday Mr. Rutting stood tn
tront of the Court Rouse with his pockets fui
of money, but couldn't find a Demorrat who
would put up a cent on anv feature of the con-
tes ita aven forced ex-SenatorP H MeNulty,
one of the true blue Bryan men, to admit that
if he mnde any bets they would have to be on
MeKinlev

In only two cities up

  

 

Ww

rty

from now on

the State {a the reets-

 

      

 

 

    

    

tration smaller thanin 1808, As compared with
1800 the @ains avernge between 25 and ) per
cent. At Catskill the registration was about
18 per cent, greater than that of mm at Fl-
mira °0) more were registered than in 1500
and 1,400 more than in 1808: at Hornelisrilie
a @aln over 1808 1,andin Roches
ter nears re ya have registered
than f mia election

The comparisons with 1806 or
1SUS as f

1804 1898 1994
Cortland 2,435 2,435
Bullalo 64,014
Olean
LAtte Falls 2,404
Aubur
Johnstown 2,543
Albany 25,800
Green Island
North Tonawanda
Wa ertown 4,052
Jamestown
Ogdensburg
New Rochelle.....cess
Herkimer
Jounstown
Peekskill
thaca )

NING... ccccce 2 is
Piattshurgh 3,108 ;
Amsterdam 183 t
Newbu ' eee , eee
Dv Kir owe ans 2 7 "A
Home .5S¢ 5,755 4 ,
Minghamtor cose 542 1,
tens Falis S10 3.815 4.172

tlca 12 18,4618

2,089 y-2 "13%
6.154 6.471 8754
4,578 8 f
5,448 Bue 6.9
4084
24.741
$,.7°7 $,87
S48 fh sal
6:74 4,7
vee B46
everes 2,454
Oneonta 2,774 2.549

from all parte of the State the Republican
campaigners send word that they expect an
inusualiy heavy percentage of those reclatered
o vote
REGISTRATION CASES IN COIL RI,
Tammany Discovery of a Mare's Nest inde Ate
Would Be Voters Who Made Mistakes,

4 crowd of Tammany Hall politicians of
le Ate” district headed by Isidor Cohn, the
Democrat candidate for Assemblyman,

hssex Marke? police
Magistr liogan
oO issue & War! arrest of Lawyer
Leonard A. Snitkin,a Republican of the district
on acharge of aiding and abetting illegal regis-
tration. (nm Saturday night Levy Kantrowits
registered in the Sixth Blection district of the

ried unsucerssfully in the

court yesterday to i

ant for the

a eee

That the Republican |

Giving Bryan |

Tet as soon |

 

Fighth Assembly district. He declared that
he was 23 years old and lived in Lawyer Snit-
kin's house at 72 Eldridwe street
Several members of the Martin Engel Asso-
| clation who were around protecting the purity
of the ballot box, at once suspected a Repub-
lican plot to colonize “de Ate They followed
Kantrowitz to 26 Pike atreet, where he wentto
bed. Then they notified Capt. Herlihy of the
Vidridge atreet station and Detective Grim-

shaw arrested Kantrowltz. When the latter
Was arraigued yesterday fn the Fasex Market
police court he declared that he was only 18%
years old and had been advised to register

by Snitkin and by Dr. Lazarus of 24 Fidridge
street, who lsone of Supt, McCullagh’s dey ‘itles.

   

 

 

  
  
 

  

   

| Tammany turned down Congressman William

THE SUN, MONDAY,

 

FOUR SEATS IN CONGRESS |

TO BR GAINED IN @HIS COUNTY
BY HARD REPUBLICAN WORK,

 

Fourteenth Already Deemed Seoure—Goodman
Giving Reppert a Tussie—Mr, Willcox Will
Get Democratic Votes Away From Mr.
Belmont—Van Cott's Thorough Campaign.

The Republican campaigners in New York
county believe that they will be able to elect
four of their candidates for Congress this fall

The election of William H,. Douglas in the

Fourteenth district is regarded as a sure thing.

| Astor Chanler for a renomination and selected |

| John Sprunthill as its candidate.
| ls making a vigorous campaign, in which he has

“An outrageous case,” declared Car didate
Cohm “I 6 two men induced this man
vote, knowing that he was under age We
want a warrant for Snttkin’s arrest. We have
a crowd of witnesses who will swear that they
heard Suitkin offer the advice ind he pol ‘ted
to a crowd of members of the Martian Engel
Associatior who n the front
ben« the Magli k his head, |

\ They pleaded with him, but he was firm

Former Assistant District Attorney Rosalsky

then declared that if there was any charge
against Snitkin he would produce Snit in when

he was wanted The Engelitee held “? inodig-
nation meeting in front of Martin Engel's office
in Essex street. Yes erday afternoon Lawyer
Bnitain went to the E dridge street po.loe eta-

no held both under ball for further exami-

  

Robert Noon, who sald he lived in a lodging

  

nef live @l thes
ait

house at 460 Pearl street, wae arrested on Bat-
} urday alt reoon charged with registering Lle-
|e Right etl district of the Second
Ass { is ol rqe {that he did
r itwhen NS b

e Centre etr

 

joe court

use teatified
er four years
Magistrate Brann

 arralgne

esterday a& clerk intl :

} that Noon had lived there i

ww fer the name vf New! yar
+e

Kessinger representing the StateAttorney

 

 

ey

    
   

 

General, appeared in the Yorkville police
} court ,esterday morning to press complatt ts
against several men aA ised of violating the
Flection law Frederli J. Knopp of #7 First
étreet, an election ector tu the Sixteent
election di-trtet ¢ ssembly district,
was charged with | i while on
duty in the reelatering COA vat Houston
atreet, Chorles Fo Gunner Broadway,
the complainant, test{fed that Knopp was asleep
at his post apparently from the {Yecta of Uquor,
and that when he was aroused he was unable
to perform his duties and becaine quarrelsome

Magistrate Deuel held Knopp in $009 bail for
trial

     

   

| yhn Collina of 82 Third avenue on trying to
regieter at 102 Third aver was arrested be-
cause he admitt he
United Stites \
vation paper

| explained that me to this country

} from Brazil with e! en he was @ veare
old, He knev er voted in Phila-

| deiphia, where his [ar {ved for a time,

i Magistrate Deuel paroled Collins, inetructing
him to apnear before him on Nov. § with a@ copy

his father’s paturalivation, papers. “If you
ree nob iy can stop you from

idded
1,28 vears old, of 135 East
horwed with giving a
| false address, tis landlady testified that he
ac last Wednesday Kandland

arti he {
sild Magistrate Deuel,

 

| ved away, and, as T am Informed
e district, You must furnish $500 ball

    
  

 

swan, who wave an addressin First
shen he registered In the Nineteenth
distriet of the Twenty-fourth Assembly

district, but who It was contended reaily lived
at Coney Ialand. was held for further examina-
tion on Tuesday next. Cowan could not Im-
| mediately furnish bail, His two daughters

 

| sereamed when they saw thelr father led into
the prison
Jobn Livingston of 287 Bowery was arrested
by a MeCullagh deputy yesterday afternoon on
the charge of registering tilegally in the Nina.
teenth election district of the Sixth Assembi
| district, He was locked up in the East Fif
| 6treet station
Bartholomew O'Connor of 89% Bowery was
arrested ast night onthe charce of regtatering
{llegaly at 106 East Houston ereet He was
locked up In the Macdougal street station.

ROOSEVELT NIGHT,

Fix-Secretary Fairchild to Re One of the
Speakers at the Garden.

The Republican County Committee announced
| yesterday that Charles S, Falrciild, who was
the Secretary of the Treasury in President
Cleveland's first Administration, would be one
| of the speakers at th» Republican mass meeting

in honor of Gov. Roosevelt in Madison Square

| Garden on Oct. 26. Gen Francis Vinton
Greene, President of the Republican County
Committee, had a talk with Mr. Fairchild

vesterday. They discussed the po'ltioal situa-
tion. Mr. Falrehild told Gen, Greene that he
was ready to do everything in his power to
bring about the election of McKinley. He said
he was not a Republican, but that he thought
that the election of Mr. Bryan would bo a Mas
aster to the nation, and that the menaoe to the
husiness interests of the intry, Involved
having Mr. Bryan as a possible candidate for
Presidential honors hereafter, should ba done
away with by hig overwhelming defeat tht
vear, Mr. Fairchild has been a Jenocrat a
his life. Four years ago he voted for Palmer
and Buckner. This year he intends to vote
and work for the election of McKinley and
| Roosevelt
| The committee in char@e of the reception
| has decided to have only 250 reserved seats
in the Garden. ‘These will be oecupied by the

by

 

 

to retain

|

tion and offered bim elf for grreat He was
taken at | word Last night Dr, Lazarus
fo lowed Snitkin’'s exampl Magistrate Pool
went to the poiulce s on and batied both eu
out, accepting $1,000 ih each Oase

Pheomas thle hi eetued vo be allehtly

, | In xed as t wre he really did live, Was ar-
| rested yesterday on the charge ol registeriug |
Llegals Twelfth electen district of the

| Lighth Assembly district. When he registere
} on saturday he gave tis address as 02 El-
| dridge street, (One of Cups McCullagh's
| men said that he did not live there. John ure
cell lov Forsyth street was arrested with
Hug!e: charged with aiding him in registering
fllega.y’ in that he advised him to give 303
kidridwe street as hia address Magistrate

| Captains to see to it that every Republican

Mr. Douglas |

had the assistance of the Hon. George R. Bid-
well, the le.der of the Nineteenth district, in
which he resides, Meetings have been held
nightly. and Mr. Douglas has spoken at most of |
then. Mr. Bidwell has instructed all of his

vote is cast early on election day, and this ex-
ample is being followed generally in the Con-
ress district.

Alderman Elias Goodman is making a hot
fight against Congressman Jacob Ruppert, Jr.
in the Fifteenth. Mr. Goodman has been alde

naterlally by his record as an Alderman, an
ils Hisnae declared yesterday that Col. Rup- |
pert had found out that he would have to wor k
his seal, i
ln the Thirteenth, where William R. Wilicox
is running against O. H. P. Belmont, there has
been a marked increase in the registration,
pecially where the goldeentiment ia strongest,
u that part of the Twenty-seocond Assembly
district {neluded in the Congress district the
registration this pat shows an lucrease of
1,100 over 1895. rf * dletrict's increased regis
tration is regarded as one of many indloatlor
* the vigorous antagonism aru'ised by Richar
er's substitution on the Tammany tick
the radical Iayanite Belmont for Jeflergon
Xt, bevy, jold Democgat. Lt is believed that
Villcox will get many Jemooratio votes.
n 1896 A.C. Shannon, t

 

1a Regular Republican |

candidate in the district, polled 15,418 votes;

Madden, the Gold Democrat, 1,020, and R

Rightinire, the Independent Republican cate |

didate, 416, giving a total anti-silrer vote of
16,461, In 1808, when there was a Democratic
sweep, Levy, a Gold Democrat, polled 17,985,
That leaves only 543 votes to be taken from
those polled by Lever and added to the anti-
silver vote of 1806 to elect Willcox

Congre aman MeClelian the Democratio |
nominee tn the Twelfth, haa put himself in a
hole al! around by his record on the silver {-
mie. He voted against the cold bill In the
jast session of Congress. Now he refuses to
say what his attitude Is. Alderman Herbert
‘Parsons, the Republican nominee, Is known

to be a gold man from the heels up, and he is
making 4 oareful and vigorous campalen

The trlend of Richard Van Cott, the Re-
publican nominee tn the Eighth, have been
encouraged {n the past two weeks to believe
that he has more than a fighting chance, Tame
many turned down Congressman. Dantel J.
Riordan and nominated Assistant Corporation

Counsel T, J. Creamer This has aroused a
great deal of opposition In the Democrattfe
Creamer haa declined to say

ranks My
whether he
thus

sacold Democrat of a sliver man,
the confider f the Chiearo

loatr ce of
Democrats, who thea

pigrm are strong in

lghth without galning that of the gold stand.
ardmon. Mr Van Cott isa gold man, of course.
His eampaign managers are not_rely{ng on
Demooratio discord for micoess, He {a one of
the best campaigners fn thls county, and he ls
working in every election district. Mr. Van
Cott haa the naeiatance of some of the most
leve’-headed political workers fn the county
committee, and thelr personal work begin-

| ning to be felt in the district.

|
|

iin the Etghth
| Bennet inthe

}

‘
}

|} vice-presidents. Only_ those who accept in-
| vitations to serve as Vice-Presidents will get
| the tickets Among those who accepted the
invitations to act as Vice-Presidents yesterday
were John A. MeCall President of the New |
York Life Insurance Company, and John D,
Crir in
The demonstration outside the Garden will

be a ble one Tha number of groups Inty
which the marchers will be divided has been

nereased from fourteen to eighteen. With
the group from the Twentyeseventh Assembly
dietrict there will be 800 Columbia College

students marching In a body. In the Twenty-
hird Assembly cletrict a elub of first vote
known as Red Tops: has been organized
Frid night and in the sound money demone
ition on N 8 the Red Tops will wear re
hate The First Presidential Vv a Club 4
the Ninth district will turn out t The
Elie thand Twenty-fllth dstricts will (ave
marching clubs, 900 men from
and § from the Twenty-fifth
Halpin has forty-seven bands
Yesterday completed

on

 

  

 
 
    

  

Colored ve
the Flovent}
Chlef Marshal
engaged already.
hie iat of dietrict aides.
Disric Name.
1..Antontio Delessandre, | 2
Simo AY 2
Charles I. pins, 3
Al nro} y, 23.1
Fir f4

he

Hore itis

District.
Oo Wh

 

3 1 \wal

  

G, MeMourray,

      

he Garden willl be seated be
theres. The committee
ddo the work more saths-

 

NOTES OF IHEP CAMPATGN,

      

 

|
|
|
ans, |

64 nd.
34 {Capt Wm White. |
(Capt. D.W Erekine
$5 C.F. Breddur
An's. J. EH. Behrmann,
Kieh'm'd BP. S. Wiglin,
p. league M us Braun,

| of Labor, sald yesterday

INCREASED DELEGATION TO THE ASSEMBLY.
The Republicans believe that the delegation
to the State Lagislature from this county next
year will {nelude at least eight Republican
Assemblymen, and Bn hed fourteen, The
election of the following candidates is looked

flenry in the Fifth, Adler
Seymour in the Nineteenth,
‘wenty-firat, Weekesin the Ten-
Davis in the Twenty-seventh, Bell
in the Twenty-ninth and Sherer in the Thirty-
ret, The Republicans expect to elect Smith
n the Twenty-third, Shea in the Twentleth,
fovak in the Twenty-sixth and Getz in the
Thirtieth. They hope to elect Sheeran in
the Ninth and Feust in the Thirty-fourth

pon as aseured

ty-fifth

MORE WORKINGMEN FOR M'KINLEY,

 

Delegate Cooke Says the People’s Patriotism
Wont Let Them Swallow Bryan.

The signs of a chango In the sentiments of
a large number of workingmen who voted for
Bry an in 1896 continued to multiply yesterday.
Party politics is supposed to be a@ forbidden
subject at meetings of labor unions, hut some
of the Central Labor Union delegates are not
averse to talking on the subject outside of the
perines J. F. Cooke, a ship carpenter,
3

that he found that
large numbers of w orking peck le he had talk ed
to {n both New York and Brooklyn had changed
their minds about Brran. The more Br: an
talked this time the fewer votes he would get.
“The principal reason tor this phange Pons

ie sald, “Is

many other reasons Serre
the feeling of patriotiem an. pride in the coun-
has achieved fresh dignity amcor

try whic
the nations,”

Delegate Cooke also said that another strong
reason was the tree silver plank, No matter
how Bryan evaded the free alver {ese {t was
still there, Every man who had anything at
all at stake was tn iavor of sound money.

 

BRYAN MAKES VOTES FOR M'KINLEY,

Binghamton Republicans Invite Him to Re-
turn and Repeat His Speech.

BrvowamTon, N. Y., Oct 21.--The Hon.
George E. Green, chairman of the Broome
County Republican Committee, announces that
that committee will pay all expense-, both trav-

elling and for fthe meeting, if Bryan will
return to this city and repeat the speech da-
livered in this city last Friday afternoon. Men
who have voted the Democratic ticket for \ ears

 

 

who |
delegate of Local Assembly 220 of the Knights |

rer
| in the middle Western and N

 

| Maine Corea Oeeteereereete oe

| peat e's PUT ETPERTL TE eee 1s

OCTOBER

MILITARISM HAS NO TERRORS,

    

 

 

Bryan's Warery Carries Little Weight With
Votors of Northwestern States.
Cuicaco, Ill, Oct. 21.--Families will not
vote for Bryan and the doctrines of the Kansas
City Convention, The Goebel law tn Kentucky

| has stirred particularly the young men of the
| middle Western States.

That law is cescribed
as Bryanite imperialism, It has been pointed
out to the young voters that Mr, Bryan talks
erancdiloquently for the “consent of the gov-
erne!” in Luzon. Yet his supporters violently
trample! on the governe! in Kentucky, and
Mr. Bryan has recently gone into the State
to give countenance to their crimes, Mr.
Bryan weeps because Malay assassins are not
wiven “liberty.” His party has ceprived the
white men of Kentucky of their Hberty and

| yet Mr, Bryan assents reacily to the infamous

dee!

Not Louisiana, Mississippi, Soutt
Carolina and North Carolina, where Mr. Bryan's
party has robbed so muay of their cituzenship
without their consent, is there to be found
60 shocking an example of Bryanite Outrage
upon freedom asin Kentucky. For in denying
@ free ballot and a fair count to the white men

even in

22, 1900.

—<——————————
—————

STATEMENT BY MITCHELL: |

NO PARTIAL SETTLEMENT OF THE
MINE STRIKE, HE REPEATS.

 

| fle Says That 6S Per Cent. of the Operators

Have Agreed to Terms, but That Wont De
He Names Some Who Have Not Guaran-
teed the 10 Per Cent. Advance Till April 1.
Harterox, Pa, Oct. 21.—President Mitchell
gave out the following statement to-night
“Aa there appears to be some disposition on
the part of the public to place the responstbil-
ity for the prolongation of the strike on the
shoulders of the mine workers, speaking for

| them I want to say that when the Scranton

| failure of the operators to treat the proposition

0 Kentucky Mr. Bryan's party has destroyed |

in that

the very altar of republican Mberty
hopes

State ‘And Mr Bryan applauds and
to profit by these atrocious fets of despotisn
No, the young voters will not follow Bryan, ar d

for that matter neither will thousands of older
Democrata You should have heard the con

ineots Over Bryan's conduct inp Michigan
When Bryan was speaking at Ann Arbor

college town, on Oct. 11, somne One in the aud-
fence called out: “How about free silver?”
and be replied as foliowg:

We are in favor of the gree coinage of silver
at the ratio of 16 to 1 without waiting for the
ag consent of any other nation on earth.”

ryan loves his silver dogma ali the more
fanatioally because he has to nurse it in silence

he surprise sprung on him at Ann Arbor
1ows how the land lies. Belleving In free
silver as pdeclutely and as ardently aa ever,
Bryan will etop at nothing when the oppor-
tunity comes to enforce that policy in {ta most
extreme and reckless form

lhat incident at Ann Arbor gave Chairman

J s of the Democratic Nationa] Committee
t pip. All others at Demooratic. hea
iatters {n this city immediately had “that

tired feeling

It has been mighty interesting to talk with
German, and Scandinavian voters
rthwestern States
on the Bryan ery of “imperialism and mill-
tarism.” hey grin and shrug their shoulders,
and, to put {t right down «lap-bang, It may be
said that Bryan can't make tom coda of them
As tothe Philips
to be dellahted that Ar

 

erica has secured con-

trol of territory in the rient which is_not to
be given up to the foreign Powers, Instead
of deprecating the Administration’s polley

in the Philips ine Islands these voters are re-
Joiced over it, andthat’sthe truth of the eitua-

 

tlon, and it may be gently Interpolated that
nobody knows this better than Chair
man Jones of the Democratic National Com-
mittee As to tnilitarism, these humble
voters are well aware that American soldiers
could not beeome Pretorian guards, the mere
instruments of empire As to expansion al
investigation proves that at this stage of the
campalgn were it not for the fear of negro
domination several of the Southern States,
Alabama particularly, would break from the
Democratic lumn The increased = trade
vith the Orient {n steel and iron and manu-

factured goods, the exports of cotton, ajl have

been gloriously received BReyan ts beaten
beyone eradventure and the Republicans
are to retain contro] of the House of Repre-

sentatives and the United States Senate, but
every vote that has been registered should be
east on election day. Two weeks remain of
the campaign It la the earnest declaration
of the Republican campaign managers and
thelr sour moner Dernocratic§ allies that
nothing should be taken for granted, but that
ever? vote should find its way into the ballot
0x

DEMOCRATIC FORECAST

It Gives Bryan 272 Electoral Votes, McKinley
116, and 50 boubtfal.

CHICAGO, Oct. 21.—A forecast on the outeome

ne@ Islands, these citizens seem |

of this campaign was issued from the Demo- |

eratio Headquartere last night. While credit
is efven Willis J. Abbott, head of the Democratio
press bureau, for the Democratic predictions,
{t is understood that they were at least sug-
geeted by Chairman Jones. After looking over
the figures he sald

“I think that is a fairly accurate representa-
tion of the situation. If I were going to make
a table it would not differ materially from this
one. I might put New Jersey in the doubtful
column. But I am no prophet. Prophecy

in political matters is a gift with which Mr.
Payne feems to be endowed and I prefer to
let him do the prophesving.”

Mr. Jones talked of the situation in New York
os if he had unbounded confidence thet the
Democrats would carry the State for Rryan
Here is the arrangement of States and votes
that the Democratic National ohairman in-

dorses
Doumt
ful.

 

McK in-

States. ley
AlADAMA, ...cececreenseeerseeere eine
Arkansas . eres eee
CallOrnha.vcrrccccoccvvereccvose one ° e
Colorado... Oreereereseorere 3 3
Connecticut... .-creesee 408. a805 6 e
elaware ereneees estécam e408 oose 3
Florida seneee ‘ o
Georgia eereeee «+ 18
Idaho eee eee 000. se 3 eee

litrots seeee ° 24
ndiana o8 eens eee 15 pies rae
lowa PrYTeTiy “or 18
Kansas

Bryan.
i

5 °
ulsiana...+ tee . 48 +. eee
Maryland 4

| Massachusetts secre Lees 15

and who were intending to vote for Br: an this |

year are disgusted with their cand date and
declare that they will now vote for McKinley.
Even the committee in charge of Br: an's recep-
tion are «sorely disappointed with the cane
didate’s speech here

   

Carpets and

| Oriental Rugs.

100 Turkish
and India Rugs,

$75 10 $200,

|

 

|

ie ansoftie Twanty-firat Assembly

a jet 1 masa meeting t “nin
ts o'C b Colonial Hall, l0.st street r7 |
‘ imb iv i x-Judge W M K Oleott
will reside \ speakers will be
Dr i bn bak Ssoaw, Wallace Bruce and
Assistant United States District Attorney
Lrneat> | baidwit Willlayn H. 1D 4
the candidate for Congra sz  Assemt an
S oS. Slater, the candida for the Senate,
and Williarn 8S. Bennet, the candidate for Ase |
sembly, will aiso speak The Diamond Jublles

teand a brass band will help to stir

  

Phe Republican

       

 

» Nineteenth district

|

have a lively pr for this week This
evening the B 1 Riders, Col. Fred
Bruder cor attend a rail it
} Prohibits Island. To-morrow
; evening t ve an outdoor meeting at
Sixtieth s Amsterdam avenue, pre
led ove John €, Colama Wednesdiy
ev ni there will be outdoor meeting at
leht whit reet ard Amsterdam av
Ti wediy even ng ameeting will be held att)
Kin.ey Col Renu n Club, 183 We
Pndavenu chwilb sided over by J
Mibs
Uwellings and Real Estate.
Within a very short distance of Park row, Manhat
tan boro i}, are Urouklyn and Queens boroughs, |

aod everything «lesired ina hone oF
see Sunday's SUN, —Ade,

where nay vel
in reul estate Invesiment

conten a eockantliaanens SNC

 

formerly $100 to $45@

goo Rolls
Velvet Carpet,

75 cls.

per yard,
formerly $1.00 to $1.35,

 

Commencing

Monday, Oct. 22nd.

Lord & Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St,

    

 

~ CARPET CLEANSING.

REFITTING AND RELAYING.
326 7thAv., Near 28th Sé.

rath bead. 122 FRE Cates,
T. M.STEWART

eer

Sale of

Michican trees eee eres
Minnesota veeene ° ee es 0
Mississippi seueedbenses as seus
Missour
Montana
Nebraska
Nevads.....+ sueuns smpccns 3
New Hampshire. eon tegeere . 4
New Jersey ; oe

New York
North Carolina
North Dakota teens
Onhlo.... ee eteeceaecrroere

 

ervexreo

—ee
-@

 

ee:
o

| Oregon eves orervecee 4 seer

 

Pennsylvanta seeerveere
Rhode Island

South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee ooee
Texas se cecese
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wiseonsin
Wyoming

Total

 

 

- Cem SOnreo.

 

Bi we

ret

2 M1

DEMOCRATIC THTEADS TOGETHER,

Cash and Spellbinders to Be Poured Into New
York and Indiana,

Cuicaao, Oct. 21 —The Democrats, headed by
Chairman James K. Jones of the National Com-
mittee, have had conferences all day long as
to New York State and Indiana. The former
tate has thirty-six votes in the Electoral Col-
lege and the latter State fifteen. Senator Jones
and his friends did not wind up their conferences

until lute to-night
‘Joe" Bailey of Texas and Charles A. Towne
of Minnesota were among those present It

| Club at7 A. M. yesterday and breakfasted with

convention accepted a 10 per cent. advance,
providing that the operators would abolish
the sliding seale and guarantee the payment
of the {ncrease until April 1, the miners had
operators more than half way They
liatory spirit and I know
of no good reason why their proposition should
not have been accepted by the operators. As
A consequence the responsibility for the con-
tinuation of this strike rests solely upon the

met the

had shown a con

of thetr emnlovees consicderately
"The public should understand that, unsat-
isfactory as is the proposition of the operators

who have made the reduction In the price of

  

 

 
  

the powder part of the 10 per cent, advance,
even this proposition has not been offered by a
large number of coal producing companies in
the anthracite region, and until all compantes
euaranter payroent until April t, of the 10
per cent vance, above the rate of wages
paid in September, according to the Seranton |

convention, the miners are poweriees
I] wont repeat again that there can be no par-
tla] or sectional setUement of this strike

“all the companies operating in the Schuyl-
{ll district have accepted the conditions nam

y the Scranton convention. Among the
operators {n the Lehigh district who have failed
to post notices accepting the conditions are
Coxe Brothers, G. B. Markle & Co, and the
Lehigh and Wilkes-Barre Company. _ There
are also @ number of companies in the Lacka-
wanna and Wyoming districts that have not
guaranteed the payment of the 10 per cent
increase iintil April L Up to the present time
@S per cent. of the anthracite operators have
conformed with the ¢ tions embodied in
the resolutions of the Scranton convention,”

to act |

MINE LEADERS DISAGREE,

Breach Over the Powder Question~ Another
ConvenUion This Week.

WILKes-Barne, Pa, Oct. 21.— President
Mitchell is expected to issue a call to-morrow
for a convention of the United Mine Workers to
be held toward the end of this week, and it ts
believed by the strikers and their leaders that
the strike will then be settled Whether it will
be by the acceptance of the operators’ offer,
made last Thursday, or whether the convention
will agreeto accept anincrease in which the
powder question Is eliminated, otherwise a plain
increase of 10 per cent, {t is Impossible to say,
and a vigorous contest over the two courses 1s
expected in the convention. Each really
amounts to the same thing, although {f the
operators give the plain 10 per cent, Increase
and maintain the price of powder at $2.75 the

etrikers will be able to use the apparently ex- |
orbitant price of $2.75 as the basis of another
strike

It is understood that President Mitchell
favors cepting the operators’ offer of 10
per cent, increase and powcer at $1.50, the

rejuction of $1.25 a keg boing figured as a por-
tion of the Increase. This would simplify
con‘itions very materially and all the mipers

 

 

would be on the same footing. There ts an
open breach between the leacers on the ques-
tion. Those who represent the Shamokin
and Schuylkill region, where the men now
get power for $1.50, are eager fur an end of
the strike beowus) their men are clamoring

to go back to work. A break from the ranks
of the union there is not improbable, and Fahey

and Duffy, the cistrict Presi‘ents, are now
aicdreasing mass meetings and urging the
men to walt for the order from Prestcent Mite

work, using as the

op ll before returning & i
chief cry; “Stand by the men in the W poming |
ani Lackawanna region, until they settle the
power question.”

If the qe cisioy was left to the men here fully
80 per cent, Would vote to return to work at once,

fhe sixth week of the strike opens to-mor-
row, and the etrikers have yet to receive their
first pent or pound ef supplies from the na-
tional u ion. They have almost reached the
end of theif resources, and many are Row pen-
niless and living on what little afd their local
unions can give therm,

 

GOY, ROOSEVELT HOME AGAIN,

Starts This Morning on a Tour of the State
~Where Fe Will *peak.

Gov. Roosevelt arrived at the Union League

Gen. Franols V. Greene, President of the Ree
publican County Committee, and with Col.
Curtis Guild, who accompanied him on his
tour of the country. The Governor left for his
home at Oyster Bay on af earlytrain. Col.

| Guild went to Boston

| road

* | alst of three cara, one of which will

was decided to concentrate all the Democratic |

energies cash, speikers and literature n
these two great States, the Empire and the
Hoosier, during the remaining two weeks of the
CAIN Dan

Ex-Gov. David B. Hill of New York, while |
here, said that the Democrats would carry
Indiana, but he added I have no ineans of

retting at the facts, [have simply been mak-
hg Campaign speeches in the State

t was Mr. Hill who, during the campaign of
1892, said that Mr. Cleveland would be defent-
ed, and it was this same Mr, Hill whe told his
intimate friends in 1804 that he, Hill, would
6urely
York over Levi P. Morton. Mr
campaign was only beaten by 145,000 plurality,
One of the clotest friends of Bryan advises by
telegraph to-night not to bet on his election,
but to use the money in chipping into the Deme
ocratic campaign fund

Senator wanna said

Yes, L know that the Bryanites are still
claiming New York and Indiana and that they
are to fight like old Harry tor those two States
Our friends in New York are alert and so are
our peo in Indiana, and it is all right IT
am «iad that the [ryanites have decided to
concentrate their battle in New York and
Indiana It will exert a fine influence upon
our friends in those two great States. Bryan
is defeated and the decision of the Democrata

  

le

to-day to concentrate upon New York and In-
diana is the last wasp All muuist be alert, and
all must jook out for roorbacks This is the
time in the campaign when those cheerful
birds hover over the tion

 

Senator Depew's Tour of the State,

Depew willtegin a two
weeks’ stump speaking tour of the State to-
morrow tncrning on a special train which vill

leave Weehawken at 10 o'clock, Here is the
schedule for the first day of the spe ial'’s trip:

Senator Chauncey M

Arrive: Cornwall, 11:20 A. M.; Mariborough, 11:58
A.M. » jiton, 12:20 P.M; Highland, 12:40 P.M;
Saug ‘ies, 1:35 i’ M.; catskill, 240 P M.; Al-
bany, 4:16 P. M.; Cohoes, 4.50 P, M. The tran

will arrive at Troy in Ure for an evening meete
ing

aoe

be elected Governor of the State of New |
Hill in that |

Saeed antennae teneamee teed ’

| Svracuse on
| Friday morning, stops will be made at Amster.

Gov. Roosevelt will start to-day on a four
days’ campaigning trip up the State. He
will leave on a special train over the West Shore
from Weehawken at 11 o'olock. His
first speech will be at West Nyack, where the
train is soheduled to stop at 11:50 A
Stops will aso be made at Congers
at 12°03. at Havarstraw @ 12:15, at Cornwall at |
12:58 and Newburgh at 1:28. The Governor
and party will remain in Newburgh until 5
o'clock, and a demonstration, which Includes
a parade and & mass mpewng will be mnade in
his honor. Marching clubs from some of the
nearbr towns have reported that they will
visit Newburgh to particinate and special
trains from Port Jervis, Middietown, Tuxedo
and Kingston will be run. The Hon, B, B, |
Odell, Jr., the Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor, who went to Newburgh Saturday, will
reniain and participate in the demonstration,
After leaving Newburgh the special tratn will
make ita next stop at Kingston at 6 o'clock
Gov. Roosevelt will addres a mass meeting
in the evening and remain in Kingsun ove

nigit ? 4

he train will bein charge of the Hon. Willlam
J. Youngs, and the party will consist of Gov.
Roosevelt, the Hon. Walter Emerson of Maine,
Yenresenting the Republican National Com-
mittee: the fion Job FE. Hedces, the Hon. James
R. Sheffield, Arthur von Briesen, the Hon. J
§. Whipple, (lerk of the Senate, and ex-Senator
John Laughlin of Buffalo. The train will cone
oe reserved
will be

for newspaper men. All told, there
acgommodations for thirty persons

yn Tuesday the train will leave Kingston
ato A.M. over the Delaware and Hudson road,
and stops will be made at West Hurley, Phoa-
nicta, Pine Hill, Flefschmann’s, Arkville, Rox-
bury, Stamford, Bloomeiile, Davenport Centra,
Oneonta, Unadilla, Sidney and Norwich. The
trip will extend to Utica on Wednesday, to
Thursday Leaving Syracuse on

dam, Schenectady and Albany, and the train
js due to arrive In New York at 6.30 o'clock, |
{n time for the mass meeting in Madison Square
Garden that evening

Chatrman McGatre in Cleveland's Town,

Princeton, N. J., Oct. 21.~Mayor McGuire of
Syracuse was here yesterday with one of the
New York Democratic Committee's literary
men Whether or not they saw Mr. Cleveland
was not learned

1
|

'

 

 

 

The Chinese Empress went
about it wrong.

The way to clean out “ for-
eign devils” is to use Ayer’s
Pill:
J. C. Aver Company,
Practical Chemists,
Ayer's Sarsaparilla Ayer's Hair Vigor
Avyer's Pills Ayer's Cherry Pectoral

e Core Aver’s Comatone

 

|
Lowell, Mass. |

M.

    
   

A SODA

 

 
   

FOUNTAIN FOR EVERY HOME

TRADE MARK
Small Stee! Capsules, Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

* SPARKLET bottles last a lifetime with ordinary care.
‘are pretty enough for any sideboard,
‘for the nursery, the schoolroom, of
‘number of delicious beverages you can
| make with a SPARKLET outfit is lim-

ited only by your imagination.

 

Pint bottles, $1.50 up.
Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.
Quart syphons, $3.00 up.

Mineral Tablets

and Fruit Syrups Also Furnished.

—————_—

All Dealers. Write for Booklet.
, B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

Compressed Gas Capsule Co.

   

| Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25c.
| Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40c.

They
enough
The

and strong
the hand satchel.

 

 

set next the whalebone are the hardest to unfasten on a
tailor made waist,

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

If you have the

 

THE HOOK OF 1900

all you habe to do is to

hook side of the Waist and the deed is done,

give a quich outward pull on the

but—the waist

will not, cannot open fill you are ready.
MADE IN VARIOUS SIZES.

If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cts. for a sample card.
Say whether WHITE or BLACK.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO. .. 377 B'way, N.Y. City.

 

 

An

Article of Food

 
 

that satisfies the appetite is not always either digestible or nutri-

‘tious. Many of the most “satisfying” lie like lead on the stomach.

OOK’S FLAKED RICE

appeases the hunger, digests easily, and is nourishing. It forms

 

| BRYAN'S DEFEAT WILL END THE WAR.! STRAUSS AT THE

letter From Manila Which Shows the Oon-
ditions tn the Philippines.

San Francisco, Oct. 21.—The following let-~

ter has been reoeived in this city from Daniel

| R. Williams, Secretary to Prof. Bernard Moses
| of the Philippine Commission;

“Much inturest exists here with regard to
the campaign now going on in the States. The

Democrats are quite active here now. Twenty
soldiers were killed the other day, being a
contribution to the campaign material of the
Democrats, This war would have ended long
ago were it not for Bryan, He is more a leader
of these people now than do, and every

uln
American soldier that 8 fil duri
can be laid directly to ifs

‘this campaign

door, They are making extra efforts
!now simply to make aie 6howtin to
be used in the States. If Bryan is defeated

the whole thing wil! crumble. In Mindanao
there has been an armed truce between Ameri-
eans and Filipinos until after election. If
Bryan is elected the Filipinos expect the Ameri-
cans to withdraw the next day, while if he is
defeated they will surrender at once. That is
the best illustration I can give of truce condl-
tions here.”

Steamship Broken Down 630 Miles Ont.

The steamship Coronda, in here last night
from Barry, reports that on Friday morning
last, about 630 miles east of Bandy Hook, she

assed a broken-down steamsht
{on lead oolor and with a vel “Rep
Another steamshir, painted black and witha
funnel with red, white ond red bands and a
black top, Was passing aline to the disabled
vessel, evidently making ready to take her in

Ww

Memory of Trafalgar Kept.

Services in commemoration of Trafalgar Day
were held under the auspices of St. George's
Society last evening at St. James's Church at
Madison avenue and Seventy-first street. The
Rev. F. E. Walpole Warren, the reotor, preached,

At the olose of the ser

“God Save the neen’ cr vice the audienes “Ag
Country, “TMaofThee."" The church was drap
win bl = Rong An erican flags. This evening
adin erw e given at T i

oi Trafeinar Bef eutonia fall in honor

 

A West Philadelphia Stock Yards Fire.

PHILADELPHIA, Pa, Oct. n.-
Philadelphia Stock Yards oer tha
$50,000. The stock yard company's loss was
£5,000 by 500 aides of beet, The Penneyly,
Kaliroad (ompany owned the buildin P while
wus valued at $5,(00. D. B. Martin a vo's oll

rendering @ tablishment w
$20 0% on m \chinery and steak’ principal loser,

 

Dwellings and Real Esta
Within a very short distance of Pp —. _
bo

tan borough. are Brooklyn and
ns roug
a

where may be found ev
ta real estate \nvestment. See Suna te! Bon nae

ee ee

| tissue, and builds up the general system.
Put the dry flakes in a colander, pour

salted boiling water over them, drain, shake
slightly, and turn

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.

into a hot dish.

 

 

Book of tested receipts in every package.

 

ALL GROCERS.

LARGE PACKAGE 15 CENTS,

a

OPERA HOUSE,

His Viennese Orchestra Heard to Better Ad-
Vantage Than at the Waldorf.

Eduard Strauss and his Viennese orchestra
were hoard last night at the Metropolitan Opera
House before an audience different from that
which greeted the famous composer's brother
in the less appropriate atmosphere of the Wal-
dorf-Astoria on the evening before, for it was
large and in @ measure enthusiastic. The
auditorium of the opera house proved @ much
more advantageous place for the band’s per-
formance, The roughness of the strings and
the shrillness of the wood-wind were less no-
ticeable than In the small concert room of the
hotel, and tho brasses were moderated, so thero
was greater pleasure to be taken out of the

other numbers than the dan

WAS AS qror able as it had been Tek Fh
sessing the unique charm that Viennese pi sere
can impart to it more completely than anyothers)

There was only o ‘amm
last night Cr Johann 8 rete ee 4
poes from the South” and the au oe Bet
the addition ablescure of h oe walls
rom “Die ermaug” an ¢@ “Piszicato
olka" played with ‘tl, e ons of
one an tempt at deligh @ au on
aturday, The playing of the Jo uss
waltzes " made c a | ue
qualities of the players, who 20 well
aaa iit thas it & @ pity so much unin
- orm eard
ar ati pe Fare, musie must h
® compositions of Bdu Stra last
night were the “
“Barcarolle Went Ts °

round.” ber and the
out Saale Se overture to Mtoolal'
Mend nachn's ‘nd r’ and ope o

 

h
en “Bo
estrated by the conductor. me Words

 

Telephones in Manhatten and the
— October 16, 1900.

ie stead growth

of the om we that

New York Telephone service

meets the wants of the New
York public.

Rates for Service in Manhattan

From $6.00 a Month.

One year contracts.
NEW YORK

18 Dey Street.

    

  
 
      
   
   
 
     
    

 
    

111 West Som ge

   

 
 
 

nee