'
}
|

ae

 

—-

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

    

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1900.
e——— —
Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

YLY, per Month = =
AILY, per Year.... es cc
SUNDAY, per Veat..cvcrressessereer’ o 7:
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year ge -
DAILY AND SUNDAY, pert Month ‘ ’

intries added
rue SUN, New York City.

Postage to foreign co!

—=

PARIS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Motel, and
Kiosque No. 19, Boulevard des Capucines

It our friends who faror us with manuscripts for
pudlicasion wish fo hare rejected artic es returned, they
must in all casea send samps for that purpose.

 

 

 

 

 

The Day of the Crown of Thorns.

Sixteen members of the Committee on
Resolutions at the Chicago Convention of
1806 signed a protest against the free silver
plank reported by the Bryanite majority.
‘They offered to the convention @ substitute
resolution on the financial question, and
their substitute contained these svraight-

forward declarations:

* We declare our belief that the experiment on the
partof the United States alone of free silver colnag®
and ea chauge [0 Whe existing standard of value inde
pendently of the action of the other great natons,
would not only Imperil our Nnances, but # yuld retard
orentirely preventthe estab Ishment of international
bimetailism to whioh the efforts of the Goveroment
should be steadily directed

“It would place this country al
ailver basis, impair contracts, disturd
diminish the purchasing power of the wages of labor,
and inflict irreparaole evils upoo our netiou's com

meree and industry
© Until international cooperation among leading na-

tloms for the culnage of sliver can be secured, we favor
tae rigid maintenance of theexisting gold standard as
essential to she preservation of our nalt nal credit,
the redemption of our public pledges, and the weep
ing toviol te of our country’s honot

“We demand that the national credit shall be reso
lutely maintained at all times and under all clreum-
stances.”

Among the sixteen Democrats signing
this sound, square and honest assertion of
the principles overridden by the Bryanite
majority on that committee, were Davip B.
Hitt of New York, WittiaM F. ViLas of
Wisconsin, Georat Gray of Delaware,
LyNDE Harrison of Connecticut, Joun E.
RusseLt of Massachusetts and ALLAN
MoDernort of New Jersey.

Soon after that unavailing protest and

once upon &
business,

|

|

|
|

|

 

warning, WiLuiam J, Bayan leaped upon ,

the platform to deliver his famous speech
for the independent free coinage of silver at
sixteen to one, ending with the words:

“ We shall answer their demand for the gold stand. |

ard by saying to them *You shall not press down
upon the brow of labor this crown of thorns, You
shall not crucify mankind upon & cE ss of gold.’”

We reprint the declaration of Mr, HILu
andthe other gold standard Democrats of
the Chicago Convention of 1896 for the
especial instruction of any honest man,
formerly a Democrat or yet calling himself
such, who may not have made up his mind
to reject the advice and repudiate in 1900
the leadership of that same Davip B. HILL,
now touting for that same WiLt1aM J.
BRYAN.

The Silver Republican Candidate,

In turning a cold shoulder to the Silver
Republicans and inviting them to defend the
Declaration of Independence and shout for
his new paramount issues, Mr. Bryan is

 

gone to China, together with Light Battery
F of the Fifth Artillery; so the actual

| strength was leas than that reported.

The roster is almost a list of the officers
of the army, for most of them are serving
in the Philippines, The various regiments
of the Regular army are not much better
off for officers, however, than if they were
stil in the United States, though the volun-
teer regiments are pretty well supplied,
Of the thirty-six tine officers of the Fourth
Cavalry, for example, nineteen were
with the regiment. ‘The others heid higher
rank in the volunteer service, Were on
other detached service or sick leave.
In the Sixth Infantry the same proportion
of absentees existed; out of twenty-four
line officers, the Twenty-fifth Regiment
had only twelve.
officers are elsewhere on duty, and equally,
of course, their absence |s due to the tempo-
rary conditions existing the war, the
doubling of the enlisted strength of the
army and the creationof the volunteer
army. All these facts must be considered
in framing the army bill at the next session
of Congress, which will be one of the most
important bills ever introduced into the
Nationa! Legisiature, and, in spite of its
importance, must be disposed of almost
instantly ‘

omy

ou

Younghusband's Proposed Solution
of the Chinese Problem,

fhe well-known explorer, Capt. FRANCIS
Epwarp Yocnonrsnann, probably knows
more about the actual condition and the
capabilities of the Celestia! Fmpire than
any other European, with the exception of
Sir Ronert Hanr. For that reason his
suggestion of a guarantee against a rect

rence of the Boxer outrages deserves con
sideration, even though we are unable to

accept it. The suggestion is embodied

in an article contributed to the October

number of the National Review under the

title of “A Plea for the Control of China.’
All the treaty Powers are agreed that

r

the Chinese people cannot be suffered to
remain entirely uncontrolled, as they lately
were for some months tn the Province of
Chih. They be permitted to
glut at will thelr savage antipathy to for-
elgners. Some means must be found o
protecting missionaries, traders, travellers
and diplomatio representatives from in
dignities and homicidal! assaults. So far
there is no dispute. It ts only with regard
to the method of obtaining the desired end
that wide differences of opinion are dis
closed. Shall the control, the necessity
of which is acknowledged to be indispen-
sable, be exercised by the Joint pressure of
the Powers on the Central Government at
Pekin; or shall each of the Powers within
its own sphere of Influence assure the safety
of foreigners by controlling the Viceroy of
that locality?

Capt. YOUNGHUSBAND contends that the
latter course alone is practicable, Just
now the Powers seem tolerably harmonious,
and they will doubtless remain so until the
negotiations opened with Prince CHING
and Li Huna Cu#ana have been coneluded,
Experience has shown, however, that the
Ministers accredited to the court of Pekin
cannot as a rule be trusted to act unitedly,
for the reason that the interests of their
respective countries are to a large extent
divergent. For England and
France are rivala with reference to Yunnan
England and Germany have eacti a foothold

cannot

?

example,

| {n Shantung, while, as regards Corea and

taking a big risk. Not only ishe sacrificing |

old supporters in the hope of winning the
laodiceans of the East, but he is swapping
votes for rainbows, Silver is the counter-
sign in his many-namedarmy.
the enthusiasm and the passion of his pre-
vious campaigning. It is the master spirit
of almost all his speeches until within a few
weeks, It has earnest and solid support
among Democratic Populists and Silver Ro-
publicans. It touches every man's pocket.
It stirs and interests everybody.

Mr, BrRYAN’S mania for silver is less acute
than his mania for the Presidency. He has
been persuaded or has persuaded himself
that the Gold Demograts can be bamboozled
with Trusts and {mperialism, and that there
are many Republicans who are willing to
follow him so long as he makes those issues
protuberant and skates away from silver,
So he has come to New York, and will come
again, to thunder against Trusts, that is,
corporations, in the greatest business State;
and against imperialism, that ts, expansion,
{n the greatest commercial State, While he
{s toying with imaginary Issues in the frul'-
less hope of carrying the East, he ts dia-
heartening his trustiest followers in the
West by his silence or his unfaithfulness to
the one issue which made him

It used to be thought that Mr. BRYAN was
sincere, an honest fanatic. The theory will
not wash. Mr. Bryan of the fall of 1900 {s

It has given |

Manchuria, the interests of Japan and Rus-
siaareapparently irreconcilable. 1t follows
that, if we are to judge of the future from
the past, the theoretical exercise by the Pow
ers ofa joint control over the Central Gov
ment personified in the Manchu ruler could
not be easily carried out in practice,

Even admitting the possibility of har
montous action hereafter at Pekin, Capt,
YOUNGHUSBAND 1s of the opinion that it
would be wiser not to accentuate the ex
isting oentral authority by
to strengthen its power over the Viceroys,
but that the desired protection of foreigners

‘can be best secured by treating with the

Viceroys directly. He has been led to form
this conclusion, he tells us, by his personal
knowledge of the decentralized state of
things in China. Outsiders do not compre
hend, he says, how loosely the Celestial

 

 

Empire is held together and how lightly
the provinces are bound to the capital
We are reminded that, so fur as the Pekin

Government could give it, we have for some
time possessed the right of navigating the
inland waters of China, As a matter of
fact, we cannot exercise the right, because
the local authorities will not recognize or

| enforce it.

only a common officeseeker, whose speeches |

are adapted to the latitude.

The Army tin the Philippines.

The city of Manila ts a great army head
quarters just now, as the roster of the
troops in the Philippines shows. In that
elty to begin with, are the headquarters of
the Division of the Philippines, at which
orders issue for the government of more
than sixty-four thousand men tn some three
hundred garrisons. Likewise in the city
are the headquarters of the Department
of Northern Luzon, and the headquarters of
the Department of Southern Luzon as well;
and, to top off, the Provost-Marshal-General
has his headquarters there also. So thera

are four headquarters
The Divisional headquarters are the
most {mportant; these are Gen. MacAr-

TavuR's; but the others are much larger
than their name indicates. In the Depart-
ment of Northern Luzon there are trocps
enough to form an army corps; {n Southern
lwuzon there are only afew less. The provost
guard itself consisted, until one of its regi-
ments was sent on detached service to China,
of a troop of cavalry, twelve batteries of
artillery and three regiments of infantry
The total forces in the Philippines on July
18 consisted of 2,422 officers and 61,740 men,
a total of 64,162, Among these are fourteen
general officers, six o...cers from the Ad
jutant-General's department, five from the
Inspector-General’s department and two

| continue to deal with them directiy,

fromthe Judge Advocate General s: twenty. |

five officers and four men give an Artemna
Ward-like appearance to the Quarter-
master's Department, while the Subsistence
Department is represented more evenly
by thirteen officers and thirty-three men.
The Medical Department has 362 officers
and contract surgeons and 2,366 men of the
Hospital Corps; there are seven officers and
250 men of the Engineer Corps, and three
ofMicers and three men appear for the Ord
hance Department The Signal Corps haa
22 offlvers and 4S7 men, and ts kept busy,
and there are 1¥ chaplains.

In the line there are 4,212 cavalry, 2,400
in the artillery and 52,907 in the infantry.
‘The Ninth and Fourteenth regiments have

It is a mistake to imagine that a Viceroy
of Canton or of Nankin is as controllable
aa a Viceroy of Ireland or of India Th:
former ig practically supreme in his own
province. He has his separate army, his
separate navy and his separate mint. Lf
he does not see fit to obey an order from
Pekin, he can set it at naught by evasion
and procrastination Sometimes he dovs
not hesitate to meet an Imperial injunction
with a flat refusal, For when
Cuane Cai Cuvcna, Viceroy of Hunan and
Hupeh, was told during the contest between
China and Japan to send his navy to the
assistance of the Chinese fleet operating
in northern waters, he replied that his
vessels were anfer where they were on the
Yangtae River, and that he was not going
to join in la Huna CiHana’s war
being the large measure of tndependence
enjoyed by the Viceroys, why, asks Cant
YOUNGAUSBAND, should not the Powers

as they

instance,

such

have been dealing since the troubles in
Pekin began? lt was thus, he reminds us,
that the Fast India Company found itaeif
constrained to act in India during the last
century.

The objection § to Yornonrs-
RAND'S proposal is that, if carried ont
it would involve the
China, which every one of the treaty Powers
has pledged itself not to
No feudal system euch as the Mast India
Company found in India has been known
in China since the third century be-
fore Curist; the traditions and preju-
dicea of the Chinese people have long been

t apt

dismemberment of

equntenance

arrayed against hereditary officeholders
Theoretically, the centralization of the
Middle Kingdom is complete, a ever
since feudalism was abolished, about 215
B. C,, by CHIN Cri Hwanort, the builder

of the Great Wall and the Naporron of
China, the existence of a deified personage
at the centre of the State has been rewarded
by the Chinese as essential to their ideal
of just government and to the conservation
of their characteristic avstem under which
public office is the reward of success {n
examination Capt. Yornea.
HUSRAND does not explain how, under his
plan, the Vieeroys would by selected. If
they were appointed by the Pekin Govern
ment, the present state of things would
continue; if, on the other hand, they should

compet itive

Of course, these absent |

endeavoring

 
   

 

       
 

respective spheres of influence, or should
undertake to make their offices hereditary,
they would in either case excite vehement
antagonism on the part of the Chinese
people, and would have to be upheld by
foreign troops and warships, That would
mean practical dismemberment.

When the treaty Powers pledged them-
selves not to countenance any further
mutilation of China's territory they also
promised by implication not to weaken the
power of the Central Government to fulfil
its obligations. For the present, therefore,
and until the Imperial authorities shall
have shown themselves unable to enforce
treaty rights, Capt, YouNonvusBAND's plan
for the solution of the Chinese problem ts
out of the question,

 

No Reason for the Curiosity.

It is needless for college boys or any-
body else to ask Bryan where he stands
on the 16-to-1 question, for his position as

to free silver coinage ts declared unequiv- |

ocally in the platform on which he {a run-
ning aud in the plank dictated by him as
an requisite to his acceptance
of the Kansas City nomination,

[ius is the plank and it could not be made
more positive:

absolute

We reaffirm and iodorse the princtples of the na-
tional Democratic platform adopted at Chicago in 1896
and we reiterate the demand of that platform for an
Aimerican financial system, made by the American
people fort which shall restore and main-
tain o bimetallic price level, and as partof such system
tha free and unlimited
eof silverand gold at the present ratioof 16to1,
for the aid or consent of any other

enselves

the immediate restoration of

 

without watt "g

That settles the question where Bryan
stands on the currency and why he is now
a candidate for the Presidency. He could

THE SUN, MONDA

not make elearer the explanation of his
position and he does not, cannot and will
not deny that this declaration dictated |

by him and forced by him on the Kansas
Cily Convention expresses his conviction
aud proclaims his purpose if he ts elected

The question is answered and settled and |

there is no excuse for the curlositv of the
college boys as to Bryan's position on it.
Except for his 16-to-1 proposition he would
not have been nominated in 1806 and re
nominated in 1900 and his very name would
now be unknown to the college boys.

Coogler on the Stream of Thought,

Not without emotion have we received

| ware.

from the Hon. J. GorpON CooaLeR of Coe |

lumbia, 8. C., ‘author of purely original
verse,’ permission to print this masterpiece
called “ The Stream of Thought: "
* Launch out in the stream of Thought,
Pause not on its dangerous brink,
Know! dge is never gained by those
W ho never read or never think,

“In that stre m vou'll And success,
Though ‘neath tts waters oft you stalk
There is no refuge from the fate
Of those who live but never think
“ Though tn the chain of wealth and fortune
You may not prove a golden link,
Yet you can bea mighty factor
For good, if you'd but only thing.
‘Many have perished on the verge
Of that pure and sperkiing stream,
All Decause they w uld not think,
Holding ilfe butan idle dream"

This !s the high, poetical view of the ne-
cessity and power of thought, a view worthy
of the imaginative range and creative
genius of the Hon, J. GorpOoN CooaLeEr,
Sailing, not to say steaming, on that
mighty stream, he has secant patience or
sympathy with the poor doddipoles who sit
upon the bank, afraid to take their shoes
and stockings off, afraid to wet even the
tins of their toes in those fathomless waters
‘The Hon. J. GornDON CooaLer thinks; there-
fore he ts, and therefore is he CooGLER,
But alas for those who never read and never
think, who live but never think! They can-
not climb to the Cooglerian height or any
other height.

Still, it is a fact of the world of prose that
a man may do very well without reading or
thinking. Take Mr. Bryan, for example.
He has no time to read or think. All his
waking hours are given to talk, and we
dare say he murmurs tin hia eleep against
imperialism and the Trusts. Yet in the
chain of wealth and fortune he has proved
a silver link. While Cooo_er is thinking
for the few, Bryan is spouting to the many.
To Bryan thought is impossible. Were his
admirers given to it, they would cease to be
his admirers

This anecdote teaches us that Thought,
which ts CooGLerR's meat, is BRYAN'S poison;

|

OCTOBER

reached at Montreal the pulp will be taken
on and the fully laden veasela wills art to sea.

The only land haul will be between Bessemer
and Conneaut, 153 m les, on the company's own
ral road, which carries nothing but iron ores and
their products. So the company will have its
land haulage at cost and by all accounts It will
build Its own ooesn carriers and thus; ay noth-
ing but the notual cost of tranapo tation from
Pittsburg to the Lakes, the ocean, and Evrone,
The other big atee] companies will watch the
results of thia experiment with interest
and, if it sucoeeds, it ts likely togive !m-
peius to the projeced ship canal along the
route recommended by the Deep Waterways
Commission tn July last. If direct steamship
trade betwen the : akes and Europe is desirable
atall itisnotlikely tobelong confined to the
St. Lawrence rote with {ts numerous locka, Its
half-loaded «teamers andthe certainty that It
will never be made a pathway for large ocean
vessels,

    

 

We wonder what the Hon. Antiur Pre
GorMAN, about the only Democratic politician
who habitually wears a head, thinks of the
wisdom of Mr, Bryan (n choosing that flaming
Socialist, the Hon. Sucken Rop SaM Jones of
Toledo, aa his companion in his New York ex-
oursion, Curious way of soothing the enemy's
country

 

Entranecing harmonfes come froin the bosom
of the Cook county Democracy
Platform Democratic Club, an Altgel
cern, has held a meeting and declare:
Harrisonians are trying to defeat Pryan and
it haa decided to appoint men to watch the
Democratic poll clerka and Judes of election
“We have Impertalistn right home,” said one
speaker, “and the Cook county machine
worst [mperiallatio p
Another Altgeldian, a Stute Senator

flan con-

jathe

ywer ir the country
faserted

that “ Mayor Harrison is not and never Was 4
Democrat.” How sweet it is to see brethrer
{n units

 

Twenty-seven heeves were slaughtered to
make a Br an barber Logat Ind,
the other day After the feast of beef caine
the feast of Democratic patrictism Among
the spenkers were the Hon Frank BR Benge
candidate for Congress in the Indianapolis
district who “takes off hie hat to no flag,”
and the Hon Fowanp W Canmacr, M ¢
of Tennessea, who enys that the in the
Philippines ia * murder tn the sight of Gop

ie in sport,

war

It seeina too good to be true, but the Hor

Nopent Treat Paine, !r, the Democratic
eand date for Goy rnor of Massachuse'ts, ha
sublime moments when he ts almost equal
tothe Immortal WiLLiamMs) = fear Kim

“Shall HENRY CABOT LODGE help to pull down
the temple thus teared to the glory of Got and the
rights of man? Shall he with his sophisiry In

sidiously undermine the foundations? Let tim be

Let him take warning.”

How is Mr. Lopur going to beware of both
Paine and Wriuitams? It is toohard a job,
One of those terrible Bryan te # ould relent

 

The Hon. Leontpas Livinaston, M. C., of
Georgia, {s still In the pa-s, waving
“ Before I went to New Jersey,” he «ars, “th

4 sword

The Chieago |

{that the |

22, 1900.

 

“THE MONEY OF THE FATHERS.”

 

What the Fathers Really Thought and Said,
to the Confusion of Bryanism,

To Tug Eprton or Tuk Sun—Sir: Four years
ago an attempt was made to sustain by a sort
of arg:iment the ridiculous financial theory of
free colnage o' silver, and the Democrats, hav-
ing again indorsed this polley, fraught with
disaster to the country, now rrattle aboutit aa
“the money of the Constitution” and ‘the
money of the fathors.” Fortunately I have
discovered among the papers of Frederick
Roger Sherman, the grandson and exeoutor of
Roger Sherman, & pamphlet published in the
year 1774, and preserved by the ‘'Signer,"’ who
indorsed his name thereon with the date of the

| year 1776, the appendix to which is entitled

“R flections on Gold, Silver and Paper Passing
us Money.”

Le us compare the hare-brained sophis'ries
of Mr. Bryan wi b these ‘'Reflections” treasured
by Roger Sherman We need not change @

w rd to make this simple, direot, unanswerab e

 

anal sis of thescleice of money apply to the
question to-day as it applied in the year of the
Declaration of Independence. No catch » ord
or rhetorical flourish ta attempted therein

“The interests of the trust’’ could not bave dio- |

tated this pamphiet, nor will Mr. Bryan contend
that it was only an attempt to “justify the
crime of 1873" He has ca le! upon the past
Hesays his present opponents are “in secret
league wilh England;" ‘they have forgotten
the Deelarition of Independenoe:” “they seek
to destroy the Union;" “they overrule the Con-
stitution He will doubtless listen to opinions
valued by Roger Sherman, who was onthe
cor mittee that draited and who signed the Pe-
Declaration of Inde-

tition tothe King, the
pendence, the Artiles of Confedoration, and
the Con: titution of the United States,

the author of the pamphiet of 1774 says: “I
willendeavor to show as briefly a possible that
what relat # to coin ls not of such a complex,
abstruse nature as itis generally made; and that
no more than common Justice, with common
sense, are required, in all reguiations conceris
tne it.”

Continuing, he says:
oricinal,)

Colusa are pleces of metal on which an impression ts

(The {tallcs are in the

| struck, which tmpression 1s understood by the Legis

} wort
; Bu pirc: o

| of equal walue, the one to the other

Republicans were claiming the State by alaree
majority, but the have quit reaking claims
there now.” Probably mot ten persons tn
New York knew that Leonipas had been fn
New Jersey, yet he concedes that he has carried
the State. JONES ought to send him Ww!

Vermont.
—

CANADA,

Election Likely to Give the Government a
KRedaced Majority.

Montreal, Oct. 20.—The elec oral campairn

{a nowin full swing, and though ‘here {s not
much probability that the Laurier Govergmen
wilibeturned out, there s-emsito beapret y

general fe ling that it will not do much more

than hold its ow

 

     

 

lature to ascert in (he weighs, and the intrinsic value,
or worth of each piec

The real calue of coins depends not on a piece being
da guinea, a crown, or a ehiling; but the true
of auy particular piece of gold or slivers what
niains of ne or pure gold or stiver,

The (uanttty of siirer and copper mixed by way of
alloy \s fixed by the Legisiature,to make a lawful pro-
portion, and both gold and silver are brought to what
Is cailed Standard.

It is for public conreniance that coins were Invented,
and they aré no more than an wnérersal ac-
coke | merchandise; for gold and silver in bullion,
being of equal weight, purity and Oneness, must be
for the stamp on
elthe of these metals, duly proportioned, neither adds
to nor ta ces from thelr intrinste value.

If when colned adue proportion of these metals,
the one to the other, be no established, the diepropor-
tlon will be feltand proved; and th t meta) wherein
the excess In the proportion ts allowrd will preferaMy
be made use of, either in exportation or in manufac
ure.

It ls the current market price of gold and eliver that

st govern the carrying Ittothe Mint’ Itte absurd
to think any one ssould send gold to be coined that
should cost more than €3 17— 10}4d. an ounce, or
siiverm: re than 62 perce the ounce; and as absurd

  

¢

 

 

| would It be to pretend that those prices only shall be

the constant invariable pricea
That to the lightness of the sliver cofn now remain-
Ing in Great Is itain we owe ali the silver colnwe now

| bave any person with wilgbhts and soalea may prove,

| and com

jo sraiue

The arrival of Lord Stretheona, Canadian
High Commissioner in L ndon, at the m ment
that thedisso ut on ofthe P riiamen’ took plave
farewarded as bgily -fenificant, the intimacy
of his relations with Mr. Josep) Chamber. |
lain being matter of noterlety, and his

| desire to serve him being equally well
known. It {8 an openeecret hat he | as come
over charged by the London Coontal OMe
to push Imperial federation fo the front as tar
asitca be sefely mide an issue, and it 1s De
inning to look aa tf the question wll result In
springing on the disin egratio of both the ex-
{th @ political pa ites lhe are divided on
the tar ff question, SirCharies Tupper tandiig¢
frprefe enitia reci recity with tie | re
whiieSr Wilfrid L urler tn his w irted
enthu-iasm toward impertalisio @ives Fog! nd
|) reference withoutexac ins anvil « return,
thu pain the way for the (time Wwoen
Canada would become merely a prodvcer
of raw material and a coos mer o B i
minufactures in competion with the
ciimitically more favored colonies of Atis-
tralia New Zealand ard oe -nesol da’ ad South
Afri a, With he Li eral rarty itself there
awreat ‘iverg nce of on niononth subict as
wel asin the Cons rvative, but the diff rences
! which exist arexept outolseg'it .o the sane
of office. [he lavish expenditure going on ini
prowised keeps the voter. of the party in
power faithful and cta others ‘rom te
other side The subsidizing and purchase of
newspapers prev nts inconvenient er fosm |
and expo-ure of sca dals and « orruption, not
that that, howev or, wo old m ke much diff re
enoe, for a moe venal eertorate than the
Canadian ‘t would b diM ull tofind, bt very-

and we hope that It will inspire the Colum- |

bia singer to build @ bridge of rhyme over

the Stream of Talk.

The Sallying Forth From the Forts.

Considerably more than one hundred

\
j

years ago the estimable ELKANAH WATSON, |
later of Albany, attended a political meet- |

ing in North Carolina,

lhe burning question at the time wasthat
of the adoption of the proposed Const!tue
tion of the United States, and there was
much excited discussion of the dangers
lurking in the provision for a Federal reser-
vation, ten miles square, over which Con-
gress should exercise for all time exclusive
legislation

ln his memoirs ELKRANAH WATSON reports
a speech which he heard a minister of the
gospel deliver at the North Carolina meet-
ing against the proposed Constitution:

“Tie then began to explain the object of the ten
miles square as the contemplated seat of the Govern-

ment ‘This, my friends,’ sad ibe preacher, will be
walled in or fortified Here an army of $9,000, of
perbaps 1 omen, will be Onally embodied, and

will sally forth and ensiave the peoste who will be
gradually disarmed.’”

There is a touch here which may be useful
to Mr. Bryan in hia future descriptions of
the forts which he says the Republican
party intends to build near every large
city of the land

Let him picture the mercenaries of tm-
perialism, in case McKIn.Ley {s reélected
and the forta are built, sallying forth and
enslaving the people—that is, the" plain”
people—just as ELKANAH Watson's North
Carolina patriot predicted would be the
case with the District of Columbia estab-
lished as a fortified and walled-in centre
of Federal oppression

Next month the Carnegle Company will send
steamers loaded with ste:l products frem
Lake Erie to Furope by way of the Welland
(anal, Lake Ontario and the St. Lawrence
River
These steamers came froin England last
epring, have been engaged in the Canad an
Lake t ade and are now to go home with cargoes
from Besmer in the beart of our fron and
steel region, Of oourse, they are in the smaller
lass of s eamers, for the lock neasurement of

 

 

he enlarged St, Lawren @ canals is only 270 by ;

45 feet with 14 feet de th of water on the sills
bach vessel will be loaded with 1,000 tons of etee!

ind the met od generaily suggest: d for util-

| mortal ob'igation inust be rega dd asextstt

} the actions thus laid upor

ing t @e Canadian canals for ocean trac will |

loved. The stee! will not be half a load
for each vessel and 80 each will tow a whaleback
barge carry{ng 1,000 tons of other freight, in thie

be am

be appointed by the Powers within their | instance wood pulp, and when deep water te |

thi.¢ ia belog dione to stifle infependent exe

 
    

  

yresa@ion f feeling The case of Mr
Zour ssa is un example A a ecult
of the energetic stand he made A anst
the poliev of the Government rewardine the
Boer war heis being oppos d by he Govern-
ment. whe have pu’ upa didate opro-t
tion to him in hi. consutuency Government
opposition s aso mad: to Iidependenoe can-
Gidates in Onta to

Cons fous the distrust of the polloy of Ime |
perial federation, with its uh Wn Conse.
quene s#, whieh he has heen flo ins, that is
fe't all over Canadi, the part eans of Sir Wilfrid
Laurier are trying te mak» the elections hinge |
on the persoval factor: and that tt }
a knowledge’ istheirstrongestpont A

 

"Ifthe (ona rva'ives hada dit

eaid to-day °
or him. but

ent man as leader T would

prefer a bad | iberal to Tunre Anda in this
way, Canada ta dv {tine rard the unknown
MIDGETS TO WARRY.

The Bride and Bridecroom. Elect Each Welgh
Fiftv-elght Pounds.

A midget engagement was announce! tn
Newark yesterday Th» bride sro om-etect ts
“Major” Albert 8. Criquiof 80 South Orange
avenvieand tha brideis Mi + Pearl Robioe n of

Ch cago Each weighe filtv-elghe
Criqu {is 28 veirsold ind hia flane-e Is
fe thirtyse whtinehes tal andsheisthre inche

  

taller, Sie@ha-s ben in Newark r several
weeks, Nodatehas yet been set for the wi d-
ding,

Hoth are performers in vaudeville. Misa Rob-

{nson'a mother, Ida Robinson, | oa trong
wouin,” weiching over two hund-ed pou
and -he makes a feature of smashing rocks
with her fist, lif'__.@ heavy welgbts and break-

 

ing chains. Criqui’s father is @ saloon keeper, |

who weighs 280 pounds.

 

Great Day for United German Singers,

The United German Sioger-" As oclation hod

agcala day at Prospect Park, Poooklyn, yoster
day. There were 16,000 norsons near the grand
atand, which was ocoupied by the singers
Shannon's Twenty-third R @g ment Band furt

ishod the Ine'rumental music and Arthur Cla s-

fen was the conductor, At th: oonciusion of
the concert, the singers decorated the busts of
Mozart and Beethoven, which are inthe flower
gaiden of the park,

The Ground of Moral Obiigatton.

Che stopher C. Dore inthe Westminster Reeteu
Justes min dors not mate the conditions under
which heexistsas aphy feal being, or the lows by

phere of the matertal
Dut DAS to sult hir

which his activity within the
universe is inexorably governed u
self to them or allow himself to be moulded thereby,
go on aitaining the atage of moral consciousness he
discovers himself to exist in, and be cond!tioned by,
@ certain moral order which. before bis appearance as
an august stranger, determined not what must be,
but whatoughbt to be the character of the acitons
which he, upon and after bis entry therein, would he
capable of performing. The conditions, therefore, of
& before
man became the subject of thatoliigation by super
vening to itin a state fitted to perceive and carry out
him

This conclusion, the logle of which seeme trrefraga-
ble, would be suMoientto justify usin regarding the
ultimate ground of moral obligation as transcendent
in ite nature, and therefore imeomprebensible to our
understanding.

Were silver to be cotmed, 65 shidlings ous of a pound
Troy wetghtof Standard silver; Mf those 66 shillings
would sell at @ price that makes it worth while to
meltor export them they must and will be considered
and used ag a merchandise, and the same will hold
aso god, Tuough toe proportion of about 14% of
re siiver to 1 of pure gold ta oelghboring
¢ now fixed, in regard to thelr coin, and itis
& {tt d such proportion should be attended to in

Tro

States

this Kingdom. yet that proportion may be eu bdject to
alteration: for this platm reason, that should the
silver mines producea quantity of that metal $0 asto

make It greally abound, more tn proportion than tt
now does. and the gold mines produce no more than
now they do more sliver must be requisite to pur
chase gold
It matters pot whether silver or gold be called Stand-
bitii seems most rational thatthe most
prec.ous metal should be the wns or

ere

ard mony
searce and
Sturt ara
And so long as the sea does not overfiow the land,
and industry cor tinues, so long will those metaia not
be wanting. And paperin the generaichatn of credit
merece ts a8 useful as they are; since the {te-
auers or ¢
some equivalent to answer for what the paper ts
valued and no metal oc coin can do more than

 

El ewhere in the work the writer says:

In Great Britain the silver coin bearing a dispro-
portion to gold more than tn neighboring States, of
about fretn the Lundred, must, by that disproportion,
@coome merchandise, This might be remedied with-
out (ojuring the public or toue ing the present stand-
6rd, which never should doae only by enacting
that siaty Are shillings should becut outof one pound
weight of standard silver lostead of sisty-two, which
are (he number now ordained by law

Continuing, (he author dese ibes exactly Mr,
Rryan's 47-oent dollar, and clasatfie. him with
th» cor:nterfelters of the day who cut more
shill, #s from a pound of s\lwer than the {ntrin-
sicv lue thereof, which was “manifest roguery”
and fraud."

Coiners have pointed out, though at the risk of
th gallows, a measure which we think would be
advsable in some degree for Government to adopt
They ooln and clrevlate shillings of such weight as

 

  

to gain ten to fourteen tn the hundred and upward: as
outofa pound of standard silver they cut ststy eigns
orsers ty-oveshilinga Thatthease light shillings or
counters are useful though the publid’be so greatly
imp sed on, ts evident, It must be presumed that
everything is putin practice by Government to detect

 

end stop this manifest roguery. The power of the
Inture to correct the erroneous proportion of fire
bundred (s todubitable,

Leg
in ib
Mr. Bryan will pardon the allusion to the
wal ows, as the ano ent author was not aware
of the Ienity of our modern times, 1 aa-
mit that we could not now thus execute nim,

jiners of that paper are understood to have |

  

MONEY CON-

       

  

NECESSITY FOR SOUN
GRESSUEN

The Outrage Against New York Committed in
the Tammany Nominatiors.

To tae Epiton oF ‘Tuk SuN—Sir,
some other newspa ers seem to go on the as-
sumption that the election of Republican Con-
gressmen {«n‘tof much importance THE SUN,
Iam glad to see, is hammering it into the minds
of the votera of New York that it is of vital iim-
portano® to their interests

You paid Jefferson Levy" deserved compl'!-
ment when you ec ngratulated bim upon bis
failu e of renomination. Mr. Levy, a4 4 private
citizen and an unswerv ne advocate of the
gold standard, stands immeasurably bigher in
the estimation of al goed eitizens tha: Mr
Croker's nominees, who proved subservient to
machine dictation and voted for the Teller
resolution and against the (Currency bill, In both
votes coming out fairly and squarely for free
silver and Bryani‘m. Every one, of course,
knows where Henry Clay Sulzer stands, but
where do George B McClelan and the other
‘Tanimany Congreas nominees st nd on the free
eliver question? Levy and Chanler were
turned down because they were sa und money
men. Ruppert was rerominated becau-e
Croker dii not dare toeffens the Germon-, but
Mo(lellan was renominated because he obeyed
orders and voted for free silver

In the excerpt from on’ of Mr. MeClellan's
speeches, published in Tne SUN on Wednesday

Where

morning, he said at a time In the past
“The chief fuff'rera from free silver
would not be the rich, but the poor The ad

vocates of free silver are the worst enenje the
labor'ng c’ass has The records show that
Mr. McClellan, notwithstandi @«
sounding sentences, twice put himself on re ord
as in favor of free si ver—o ce by voting for
the Teller resolution and again by votiny agiinst
the Currency bill Mr MeClellan must, there-
fore, be judged not by what he has sid, but
by what hehas done Hs mouth seem: tole
against free ei ver, but his vote in Coner #:,
which means ever thing, hes always been cast
in the interest of a Brvanized money sy t m
If thia free silver record means anything it
means thit Mr. MeCiellan will vote in the
fvture, a» he has voted 1
free -ilverlegi lation which m y be desired by
William Jennings Bryan, Yet itis understood
that, notwithstand ng his vote, whieh makes
Mr. McClellan fairly and aquorely an advoonte:f
the free and unlimited colnage of siiver at the
ratio ef 16 to 1, his frends are causing to be cir-

these high-

the past, foray

    

 

 

GEAR,

    

KENTUCKY'S WRY GUN

 

Capt, Chester Says It Cam Be Adjusted ina
Few Davs-Tarrets All Right,

The battleship Kentucky, which, having

} started for China on Saturday afternoon pit

back on Saturday evening, on account of
kink in her gun mounts, remained yesterday
Tompkinsville. Capt, Chester said yester:
afternoon that she had returned mere},
cause the tests made in accordance With the
navy regulations did not show everything

| to be absolutely in smooth working order, and

culated through the East Side bis speech de- |

livered May 21, 1806, in which he said:

“The advocates of free siiver are the worst
enemies the laboring class has."’ This is the
same Mr. Metlelian who is stumping now for
William Jennings Br an, who said not more
than ten days ago at Ann Arbor, Mich., in re-
sponse to a question: ‘The Democratio party
{a forthe free'and unilinited coinage of silver
atthe ratlo of 16to 1, without waiting for the
ald or consent of any other nation.”

If Juat Judgement is meted out to Congressman
MeClellan for what he has done he will be re-
tired from Congr as at the coming eleotion
No voter in the Twelfth Congr s* distret who
has a dollar in the suvines bank, who has a
dollar invest d in anv seo rites, who has a
dollor inves ed in any busines, wh has a
dollar coming to him for labor performed, can
afford to vote for such a man

The queatio: wh re George B MeCle'lan and
the other Tammany Congressinen stand on
this fesue of sound money {8 euflci-nuy
anawered by the fact that they were nominated
@n an out-and-out ryan plitform

WILLIAM H

New Yorks, Oct 2)

VOTR OP THE PRESBYTERTES.,

MARSDEN

Expected to Be 2°01 for Some Sort of Change
in the Creed, Without Agreement on It,
To date 113 Presbyteries have expressed

opinions upon the subject of a posalble changes

in the Westminster Confession of Faith tno
response to arequest made them by a General

Aasembly Committee of Inquiry. There are

282 Presbyteries, but as fully 82 of these are

in foreign countries or in Alaska and other parts

of the world, where meetings are held but

once a year, it is expected that not above 200

will be heard from.

Of the number voting. 40 have asked that
the whole subject be dismissed. Of the re-
maining 87 to vote, the conservative leaders
any they cannot expect more than 30, possibly
not more than 25. The liberals any not more
than 20 of the remaining &7 will vote to drop
the matter, making the total 60,

The number of vote+ against dropring the
sub ect now that itis un is7 Of this number,

 
     

88 want a new creed, 8) a revi-ion of the old
one and 5 a supplemental statement explana-
tor of certain misunderstood phrate: of the
confession, It seems likel so leaders «a,
that the vote will id abont 135 for achange
| of some sort to 65 against one, The hopes
of the conservatives lie in the fact that the
are united while tho-@ who seek chanwes
| seek all sorts of changes, and cannot, so the

though he is conv: cted of the ‘ntent to oommit ,
; the same crime

This simple document, written {o the plain,
unvaroished style ofthe age when so many
monumental truths were declared and esiab-
1. hed beyond controvera , stands in glowing
contrast to the preteit.ous platitudes and oon-
fue ng emanations of the demagogues of to-

ec

“It is absurd to think one should send gold to
be coin d that cost more than £3178 10K an
ounce or silver more than 62d. an ounce” (its
col ed value) ‘* And as abeord would it be
to pretend ‘hat those prices only shall be the
constant, invariable price.’ This was written

when “from Spain and Portugal come
eratest partof goldand si) ort Bit to- “
when from Alaska’s fey mountains, congeal>
in Are fe cold thr ugh every z ne to the frogen
waters of th. Antarctic # a, the carth ande en
the waters un cer theerarth are disgoral g gold
and silver bevond the dreams of our fore-
fathers, Mr. Brva would fix one "'Invariable
prea.” Lo Mr Bryan, the « Mloesecker, it ap-
peirs bul anattempt to eriod down and on
press the poor to fix god as a eta dirdof
" ney, bus ir 1776 | amemed most rational
that the most sea o- an reclous m 0
be the unt! or standird P - aon Ghowle
How strange tos t at so lon ’
Dec aration of Independence 1, “Ft,0. 8
ooiters f © * © piper were under<'ood to have
& meequivalent to answer for what the parer

was vi ued at, ond) o metal or ootn could do
re than find tavalne" And “thestamnp on
either of toese metas, duly pr nortioned

ne theradde!tonortook from their intrinsic

    

  

‘ e \ dso withatruth, Mr. Broan, strive
to smother ft with words, conesal! In falea
phroses, hide it wit) eloquent deolamation, but
you helther adi to nor take from ita intrinslo
vaue AnTHUR OUTRAM SHERMAN.

‘New York, Oct. 18

 

 

Mortgages.

To THe EpIron oF TRE SUN-S¢r; Hun-
dreds of millions of mortgages are for money borrowed
for bullding or construction purposes

Where would the many thousands of workmen em-
ployed on bulldings be If the pbulldera could not
borrow on bond and mortgace? The number of
bulidings underiaken by speculative bulldersir this
country ts probably three-quarters of the total; and
ai these builders could not undertake @ solftary
bullding without borrowing the money from mort-
Gage lenders. L

New Yous, On 61.

con‘ervatives <a>, come to an agreement

 

Anong Pre:h terie: asking the eommittee
to drop the sub’ ect are Dubugue, Kansas City,
Long Island, Los Angeles, Monmouth, New
Bruneawick, Pittsburg, Southern California,
St. Louis and W Jerse

A few strong presbyteries, ench as Roches
ter Omaha and San Francisco, ask for a

revision of the Confession, but the largest of
these bodies express a wish for a new and
shorter creed. Among them are Binghamton,
Roston, Brooklyn, Buffalo, Chicago, Cleveland,
Council Bluffs, Dea Moines, Detroit, Elizabeth:
Indianapolis, Yowa City, 8t. Paul Syracuse,
Troy and Washington, Among the latter
will be, it Is predicted, the Presbytery of New
York, which will meet on Nov, 12

If there are no surprises in the present vor.
ng, the Presbyteries will stand two to one in
favor of some change

 

 

Wireless Telegraphby.

To tHe Epitor oF Tue Sr
editorial in a recent issue on “Wireless Teleg-
raphy” was timely. Yousiy that about twenty
years ago manvowners of eas stocks par ed
with their property at great sicrifi-e heeiuse
o’ the fear that the el-otre light would dispense
with the need of gas works = It is not so long
ago that there wasa deeded dropin the price
of submarine cable stock: due to the fear that
wireless telegranhy would dspensa with the
need of such cables. In the writer's opinton
there was less reason for alarm tn the las’ ease
than inthe fret There t,

Sir; Your

of course, no ques.

' tlon that when wireless telecraphy shall have

, to that church

been considera’ ly improved anid afmplified it
will finda numb-rof flelds of useoulness, but
such fields wil! only bs where the emp oyment
of acommunicating wire ‘snot feasible or ad-

  

visable The substitu'ion of the four-f ot ew in-
der for the one hundred and fi'tv f ot vertical
wie Is a lone -ten in the direction of ein.
rliettr, The writer ean say from exnertenca
thatto main‘an the a paratus ofa wire! s
teecraph sy tom In suecesseful onoration r=

quires a considerable d gre: ofexner'ness, and
for the tranem asion of -fenals, even whan code
signalling is resortedto,a ‘al amountof { tal-
ligence. To obtain th: greatest deg ea of yer
fulness from this system when employed to pre-
vent co'ldans at sea, in receiving news rom
dis ressed vesela, & (whch are ropuylariv
sunposed to he the funetions for which tia eye.
tem is es eciallvy adant 4), It *eonld se m that
every veasel sailing the main should be equiop d
with the anniratus, aod, eranting that thie
should he done, it is still a question whet er he
skill and { tellt hw e requisite for its proner
oneration would be at all times f leo i
kindsoferaft: Bet assuming hes sa ee a1) a
the wideat avecess inthisanda alogous dirac-
tons, its succes: would not conflict commercially
withthe ex tin’ methods of eleotricaliv trans-
m ttine intelligence M
New York, (Oct. 20 ;

 

Thirty-Three States Represented at Bryn Mawr

There ar at presen’ represented j
Mawr College thirty-three States ard four
foreign countries. In the entering clas thi
yeir, which numbers 100, nineteen of the United
States have a «hare as well as Turkey and
Japan, P+nnsvivania naturally eontributes the
the largest number, forty-nine. The forty-one
graduat> students furnt bh repreaent tives frou
six other States, @ well ae from Can da and
ene and The religous denominatios most
preely represente is, as uo uel, the Eo iscona-
Van, thirty-nine of the 10° freahmen belonging

Bryn

The Pre-by eri.ns are

» moxtir
strength with twenty-nine adhere its, and ua
other denominations are represented

 

Christian Sinner and Spank Quick.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: Christian
Sinner isthe Postmaster at Oriental, Nev., and Spank
Quick ts an applicant for the same fob at asmall office
in Alabama.

Do they not deserve seats tn the front rowt

ALEXANDRIA, Va. On 20. Lam

that while he might have continued the voyag
as readily as not, and would have done #0 had
the Kentucky been bound on a shorter voyage
he determined to return so that al) adj ustinent

of machinery might be made complete before
the long sail was begun He said that he couli
not talk of the detaila of the tests, as all that

was comprised in his report to Washington
Ilis return, however, would not surprise tie
Department, as it was not ex pecter that he
would go until all the regulation tests had beer
coimnpiged with.

When he learned that reports had been cir-
culated that the difficulties with the Kentuck
were connected with her superposed turrets
Capt. Chester sald that. he wished to deny
them, ag the superposed turrets of the ehiy
were In no way affected, and_ his return had
nothing to do with them. The adjustments
needed could be made at. Tompkineville, he
thought, and he hoped that they might be
completed within two or three days. They
involved nothing more than might happer
to any ship carrying 14-inch gins

The navy regulations require that a ship
shall proceed only when everything is in ab
lute readiness, and that before going all the
crew shall be tried at their stations. These
can be complied with In a satisfactory ¥
asiaclear.inso farasthe guns andtheirmou
ings are concerned, only when service chartes
ire fired from the which cannot be dk
in port where “shop testa” are mad 1
best i ypymation obtainable vesterdiy v
to the Ject that, as THE SUN said yesterd
morning, the 13-inch guns of the Kentiich
were tested after the bittleshinp got
Sandy Hook: that the mounts did | operate
satisfactorily in taking up the recoll and de
positing the wuns in their places’ and that «

gu

  

 

¢

 

 

this aceount Capt. Cheater bad come bach
preferring to have everything exactly rig
£ fore setting out for 60 distant a slation as
Chita

DR. JENKYVS SAW PLAGUE CASES

And Brought Some Serom From Glasgow, bre
Didn't Try tt on Himeelf,

Dr. William T. Jenkins of the Board of Healt
arrived Liverpool aboard the Cunard
steamship Umbria on Saturday evening
time to register at Staten Island
may cast his vote for the candidates of !
brother-in-law, Richard Croker. One of f
Dr. Jenkins's trip abroad was
investigate the plague In Scotland He we
into the plague hospital at Glasgow and sav
eighteen patients, most of whom were cor
valescent The Seoteh doctor who
panied Dr. Jenkins suggested that the Yankee
physician should use some of the serum thi

the Scotch doctor himself had used before
exposing himself to the disease Dr Jenkins
said he preferred to consider himself an u
mune rather than be so s

 

 

from

so thar |

obiectsa of

aceon

the Seots
doctor appeared to be after being inoculated
Dr. Jenkins is inclined to favor the use o
serum ax a preventive and cure for the plague
He obtained from the Seoteh doctors twelyv>
bottles of Haffkine serum, nine of which he

sick as

sent to Dr, Doty, Health Officer at this port
Hie kept the other three himself, thinkir
that it might be a good thing to use some «
the stiff in case he developed any syimiptor

of the disease on the vovage to New York
There is no quarantine system In ports «

| the Briti<h {slands such as there is fn the por

, three months’ fi

 

of New York. The English, the doctor said
had taught us not to be frightened but the
might, nevertheless, profit by certain feature
of our own system which enforce cleanlines=
We had a tendency at times to resort to sever
teenth century methods Our quarantine law
right be more liberal tn certaln respects The
doctor sad that our own tenenriits, bad ae
some of ther might be, were in be!ter sanitary
condition than many of the tenements on the
other side of the sea

The probabllity of the plague coming to
New York, he thought, was remote Under
the methods employed at Quarantine and b
the Health Denartment the disease wold
not find a foothold In this city

 

 

NOT A DEMOCRAT,
Charles H. Page, Who Served tn
Congress With Him,

ProvipEencr, R. 1., Oct. 20,—Ex-Congres«-
man Charles H. Page, a Democrat, says: “What
choice have L except McKinley? There are
candidates besides McKinley, but 1 guess 1
wont have to look far

“Bryan—l know Bryan. That's why 1 wont
vote for him. 1am just as good a Democrat
as l ever was, but Bryan is no Democrat. |
was with him in Congress, J knew him there
and a Watched then all the Populistic tricks
he had.

“Tam against Bryan because I do not b:
eve in dencuncing the Supreme Court because
b litve in urhel we Sor rene ¢ r
There is no longer a place in the Democratic
party for men whothinkasI do,  }
who are good Democrats, are lett ie
eo along and helping this man in his course
to get rid of him. They think—they know, i:
fact—that 1} wiv he can be got rid «

is to have him bewven thoroughly

“That's what | think of Bryar
Demoerat, understand.”

BRYAN

Se Says

  

 

e only
Jameatilla

Information for a Mean Man.

Fromthe London Tit-Bits

“The meanest man I ever knew,” said the
shore passenger, “was a fellow who got a foo
ball and painted it to look like a watermelon
Then during the summer months he keptit con
epicuousiy displayed in his back yard and
amused himself setting a savage bulldog on
hunery peonle who happened to take a fanc
to the bogwu- melon.”

“He certainly had his mean points,” said the
tall passenger, “but I know a fellow who could
give him a discount and then beat him at his
own ie. | was in a restaurant onee where
this fe w was getting bis dinner After he had
finished he called the walter who had served
him and asked

"

 

 

“‘*How muchdo ven get fora tip, asa rule?’
“The waiter'’s e oarkled; he rubbed }i'
hands together and jenlied

‘Well, sir, we cenerall’ get at least sizpence
but sometimes nice, genteel, prosperou*looking
rents like vou gives isa bob’

“Then what did this fellow do but put on his
hatandsa

“*Thanks. IT merely wanted
s going to save b

to know how
not giving v«

 

Love asa Cure for Baldness

From the Philadelphia Record

ing man who has lived for thirty years
vicinity of Manayunk ts looking for
ward eagerly to two tmportant evente {n hia
life—his marrlage and his first hair-out, He
lost all his hair at a very early age. In fact
{t ts said that he has never had any from tIn-
‘ver that mav be, he has always

Avo
in the

 

 

 

ind his sensitiveness on this point
“thir from associating very muc!
sex Some time ago he met a
ind first tlme {n hi
love. Still he despaired of wht
anise of his ph sh defect
me fter the ender passion
ed itself he was surorl ed one morn-

ing to observe that In washing hi. head a little

down appeared on the skin. This continued
to wrow, until now he has quite a nice head
of hair. He used no nostmims, and local phvsl-

elans attribute the growth of hair to the {n-
creased flow of blood to the head under the
stimulation of the emotions of love. Ti

marriage is not far distant

 

The Warning of Lawton Again Repeated
Fram the Philadelphia Ledger

NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 18—Capt J. V. Book
miller of the Ninth Regiment, U S.A. arrived at bi«
here this evening from California He wae
at the Siege of Tlentsin, and returned on a
rloigh after receiving prom tt
from @ Lieutenaney to a Captalioy He spenta year

home

wounded

| inthe Philippine Islands Relative to the situath
there he sald

‘The present attacks on the American troops by

the Pilfpinos are undoubtedly inspired be Americans

whom the Filipinos call their friends at home

thorough'y ¢

tam
Vineed that ax soon as the election
Wilifam Mehinley is learned by the Filipinos the enor
eerved allacks on the American troops will cease, f
they wil see thatthe same firm hand which form
directed them {s still eulding them. They firmly b-
Neve thatif Bryan ds elected the American troops ©
be withdrawn, The best citizens and a majority
the citizens among the Iflipinos don't want the troops
withdrawn. They wantliwandorder. They warts
strong, protecting government, and are saticf
with the Unit d States Hut those citizens are tnt
dated by the a@itators and by the military men

Gold on La Bretagne.
Aboard the French liner La Bretagne, whch
arrived yesterdiy from. Havre, were 8,481,849
franos in gold, about five-sixths of which ars

consign Kuh :0
the National Oty Hanke’ * “2 G8S Tap ee

e

=

”