a)

 

Vol. LXXIX.—NO. 10,
TAFT THINKS IT’S BIGAMY

WHEN A MAN GOES INTO AN-
OTHER STATE TO REMARRY.

            

 

 

Will Speak on Western Trip for Uniform

Divorce Lawe Making It Impossibie
f for Persons Forbidden to Marry Again
\ tn One State te Wed Elsewhere,

Revwniy, Maas., Sept. 9.—In some
speech on his Western trip President
Taft ia going to tell his audience that to
hia mind a divorced man denied the
right of remarriage where divorced and
remarrying in another State is committing
higamy. Mr. Taft is going to discuss the
marriage and divorce laws in one of his
addreesaces.

He will make a plea for more uniform
divorce laws. He wants the laws stating
the grounds on which divorce may be
obtained to be as nearly uniform as pos-
sible, but as an immediate reform he
wants an effort made to place upon the
statute books of every State a law denying

'
persons divorced in another State and

denied the right of remarrying there the
right of remarrying in that State.

Mr. Taft made known his intention to
discuss the divorce laws while discussing
the plans for his Western trip with some
callera to-day. Further consideration of
the trip has broadened his field for speech -
making. In place of the five political
issues ‘which were firat announced as
selected for the burden of the 200 speeches
he to-day exhibited a slate of some sixteen
topics. Thus is Mr. Taft determined to
make his tour rather educational than
political.

One of the subjects on that: list has to
do with the laws affecting marriage and
divorce. To his mind there is need for
changes in the State legislation govern-
ing divorce and the remarriage of di-
vorced persons. In the present wide-
spread discussion of this question Presi-
dent Taft will throw his weight to secure
more uniform laws. His stand upon the
question is decided.

The President thinks that every State
should have laws upon its statute books
making it a crime for persons divorced
in one State and forbidden the right to
remarry in that State to marry in any
other State in the Union. Such an act
to Mr. Taft’s mind is bigamy. The States
have already enacted laws making uniform
the regulations concerning negotiable
inatrumente. Certainly the importance
of so great a moral question as divorce,
he thinks, warrants the same unanimity
of law. But Mr. Taft, as a practical
legislator, sees difficulties in securing
uniform laws naming as the same in every
State the ground upon which divorce
may besecured. He would favor and will
advocate a general tendency in future
State legislation to converge toward the
same principle in this regard.

Of far more immediate importance
to his mind is a law in every State specifi-
eally denying the right to divorced per-
sons forbidden the right of remarriage
in the State where they were divorced
to remarry in that State. Mr. Taft con-
siders that this could be secured. He
classifies this as a practicable reform and
upon this point he will centre his argument
in his address upon this question.

As a lawyer and a Judge President
Taft has given a great deal of thought to
this question. His consideration of it
will be of double value and weight, as he
views it both from the moral and legal}
viewpoint. Mr. Taft has seldom, as
President, invaded the strictly moral
field from which so many present day
elebrities, official and near official, have
drawn thecrowd's praise for virilethought.
It is only when he is deeply concerned
in such a question that he ventures out
asa moral correctionist:

His announcement to-day to his callers
of his intention to include the divorce
ueation among his topics of discussion
was a great surprise to them. There is
no intimation where or when he will
aunch into this subje¢t. It is simply
noted upon his slate and will be drawn
ut probably as his audience appeals
to him for such a discussion. His entire
familiarity with the subject makes it
unnecessary for him to apend any con-
siderable time in the preparation of a
epeech,

Some day on the long trip probably
without a word of warning he will preach
the divorce question and will throw the
weight of his prestige unreservedly into
the tight for uniform divorce laws.

With divorce as an example Mr. Taft
easily convinced his listeners to-day
that the Weatern trip is to be by no means
a cut and dried programine of political
defence or offence for the Administra-
tine

The range of topics is really very broad.
From divoroe he will digress to the sub-

ect of trust regulation. This is to be one
of the principal addresses of his Weetern
trip. Heretofore Mr. Wickersham alone,
at jeast since the altered aspect of the
trust situation following the Supreme
(curt decisions in the Standard Oil and
Tohaceo cases, has spoken for the Ad-
Qitiistration
Ihe Department of Justice this spring
ssiad a pamphlet showing that the Taft
‘dministration had accomplished far
the field of trust dissolution
in any previous administration, and
| before the pamphlet could be printed
tad already been placed out of date
ee victories which Mr. Wickersham
i! owon. Yet here again Mr. Taft will

are in

try to advertise his administration
speech on this subject. He has new
for trust legislation and it is to stir
public support for this legislation
e will speak
is a vast quantity of legislative
ion, for instance, in Mr. Taft's
messages to Congress. The

portion of this has never come
> far as general public discussion
orned. It is Mr. ‘Taft's idea to
e dust of neglect from those sug-
nd to air them in his Western
His past success in appeal-
public for support for measures
idoincurred a threatening amount
s-ional opposition, notably
). has evidently impressed Mr,
will use his prosent trip for

b Inetead of focussing his
‘uit in other words, a9 80 many

ure

intention, he will foous it

vig session largely and en-

op himself for 1912 by firat

lumeelf to reaults
| Congress,

ne in the next

me

“NEW YORK, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1911.—consrion, 101, bv he Sun Printing on
. | ee
POOR MAN WEDS A ROTHSCHILD S's™cn

| TESLA CLAIMS NEW PRINCIPLE.

Electrical Journal Says He's Found Secret
of Fastly Transmitting Great Ener gy.
A new development of a mechanical
principle upon which Nikola Tesla is
said to have been laboring for some years
will be described in the Electrical Review,
which will reach the news stands here
to-morrow. This latest development in
mechanics for which so much is claimed
by friends of the inventor is based on the
adhesion and viscosity of liquids and
&ases and is said to afford a novel means
of generating and transmitting mechani-
cal power
Dr. Tesla last night seemed very opti-
mistic about the results of hia long experi-
mentation, but would not discuss the
matter for publication. He expressed
surprise that any one had heard of his
latest work before the appearance of his
account of it in the electrical publication
“The efficacy of the machines Dr. Tesla
has constructed on this principle,” the
Electrical Review will say. “is evidenced
by their remarkable performance, small
turbines or rotary engines being run
at a peripheral speed scarcely more than
half of that of reaction turbines, and giv-
ing several times the output of the latter.”
The article will then go on to describe
a small steam turbine recently exhibited
in New York “having a rotor only nine

 

and three-quarters inches in diameter |

BOGUS CHECKS CERTIFIED

NATIONAL SURETY ©O. SAYS IT
HAS TO PAY TOO OFTEN.

 

 

Sends a Warning to the Ranks and Speci-
files Four Recent Cases -Says the Tell-
ers Are Careless and Fears Larger
Forgeries—Crook Working in Canada.

‘The National Surety Company yesterday
| sent outa warning to banking institutions
in New York against a man who has been
| having forged checks properly certified
| Bees then cashing them, and urging that
tellers and cashiers insist upon an ap-
plicant for certification of a check being
identified before the certification is made.
‘This is the circular letter sent out by
the surety company and signed by its
president, William B. Joyce:

 

WARNING TO ALL BANKS IN THE STATE OF
{ NEW YORK ;

| During the last three months the National
‘Surety Companyehas paid four claims to
} banks in New York city on account of forged
hehecks, auch checks being first certified
by the bank and later deposited in another
bank, from which latter bank the forger
‘secured the cash
These losses were all due to the gross

,

Coenen ee ee ee eee ee ene

and two inches wide,” which was said to negligence on the part of the teller of the}

have been capable of developing
horse-power with free exhaust. This
machine, it is further stated, had no
blades, vanes, valves or sliding contacts
of any kind.

“On account of the great simplicity of
this apparatus, reversibility and extraor-
dinary output.” the article continues,
“it will undoubtedly find an immense
variety of uses, and the commercial world
cannot fail to be deeply interested in this
new development. The electrical industry
{n particular should be greatly benefited
by this latest effort of Dr. Tesla.”

It was said last night that leading
financiers are interested in Dr Tesla's
new work. Reports of extraordinary
horee-power being developed by a ma-
chine of next to no weight naturally sug-
gested to the reporter last night to ask
Dr. Tesla whether his engine wouldn't
be invaluable to aviators. The inventor
answered this and other questions, but
refused to have the answers printed

eR

ABOLISH PEACE COURT.

Central American Republics Say It Costs
Too Much for the Results,

New ORLEANS, Sept. 9.— Salvador, Costa
Rica and Honduras are endeavoring to
abolish the Peace Court at Cartago and
the International Office of the Central
American Republics at Guatemala. It is
represented by these republics that the
cost of maintaining the Peace Court and
International Office is too great to warrant
their continuation.

Neither Guatemala nor Nicaragua has
made known its views on the matter, but
1. is believed by well informed Central
Americans here that they will take the
same view as Saivador,-Coste-Riea and
Honduras, These latter three republics
propose to call an international congress
at one of the principal Central American
capitals to discuss the advisability of
abolishing the court and Guatemala city
office. :

The Peace Court at Cartago and the
International Office at Guatemala City
were established asa result of the congress
of the five Central American republics
held in Washington in 1907. Advices
reaching the central colony in New Or-
leans for some time have indicated a
growing dissatisfaction with the court
As a matter of fact there never has been
a question of great importance heard by
the tribunal.

Dr. José Madriz, one of its founders and
first Judge, is probably responsible for
this. When Madriz quit Cartago to
replace Zelaya as President of Nicaragua
hejsaid that the United Siates was exerting
influence with the court, in fact was
seeking to make it a sort of general
administration office for its “dollar di-
plomacy” policies in Central America
When Dr. Madtriz left it really meant the
downfall of the court.

Various petty questions, including
boundary disputes, have been discussed,
as have several of the big foreign loans

SS

taken up between Central America and!

Europe and the United States, but the
results are negligible. Where the inter-
national congress will be called is a matter
of speculation, but most probably it will
be held in Guatemala City

President Estrada Cabera is said person-
ally to be opposed to the continuance
of the court and Guatemala is expected
to fall in line with his views

SCOTTISH PRIZE FOR FLEXNER,

University of Edinburgh Recognizes His
Victory Over Meningitis,

To Dr. Simon Flexner, director of the
Rockefeller Institute, has been awarded
the Cameron prize of $500, given by the
Mniversity of Edinburgh every five years
for the most important contribution that
has been made in the preceding five
years to practical therapeutics. It was
given to Dr. Flexner in recognition of his
researches on epidemic cerebro-spinal
meningitis and its treatment with anti-
meningitis serum. Dr. Flexner has been
invited to give an address at the Uni-
versity of Edinburgh in the coming
academic year on this subject

Six months ago the Rockefeller Insti-
tute turned over to the Department of
Health for general use the routine pro-
duction of this serum, which it had been

}using for three years. The serum has
! brought the mortality rate in cases of
| aeningitie, doctors assert, from 75 per
cent. down to 25 per cent

er ee

GIRL HAD REVOLVER AT HOME,

1 = o~— -
| First Prisoner in Brooklyn Under the |

sullivan Law.

Mable Leon, 22 years old, of 30 Third
avenue, Brooklyn, is the first person to
be arrested in that borough for violation
of the Sullivan law against the possésrion

| of dangerous weapons. ‘
| She wds arrested on Friday night by
Policeman Long of the Bergen street sta-
tion on complaint of Henry Holstrom,
who charged her with chasing him in
the street and attempting to assault him.
In investigating the charge Long found
that the young wornan had a revolver in
her home for which she had no permit.

Miss Leon was held yesterday by Mag-
istrate Geismar in the Flatbush court

Yn $500 bail on Holatrom's complaint and
in the same amount for violation of the
Sullivan law,

 

 

customer never used a rubber stamp, and
in each inatance a check was used which
was but an ordinary bank check -not the
form or color of the check used by the
customer of the hank.

In one case the loss was $5,912.50, drawn on | achool.

}

1

i,

i all icy eietid

TAFT WILL BE THE JUDGE.

Intends to Reopen National City Bank
Case This Fall.

Brver.y, Mass., Sept. 9.—It appears:
now that the question as to the legality |
of the National City Bank of New Tork |
has found a judge willing to settle it.)
President Taft to-day returned the papers |
in thia case to Secretary of the Treasury |
MacVeagh vith the announcement that |
after hia return in November he would
hear both sides of this case and settle it |
for good and all.

The question involyes 60 many banks,
however, that Mr. Taft is not willing to]
decide it upon the evidence submitted
in the report of the Secretary of the Treas- |
ury. He wants to reopen the case and |
dig out the evidence for himself. ‘The
question involves the construction of
the national banking laws, in which the
Attorney-General and the Solicitor-Gen-
eral have taken & view contrary to that
taken by the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Comptroller of the Currency and |
to the polfcy of the Treasury Department
for the past ten years. It involves the
organization of over 800 national city
banks.

BOB TAFT LEADS HIS CLASS.

Dean Thayer Tells the President That a_
Legal Mind May Be Inherited. |
Bevery, Mass., Sept. 9. -One of the

 

119 | bank in certifying such checks, some of rainy days at Beverly was made bright
which were not on the regular form of check | for Mr Taft the other day by a letter | §nanciers.
used by the customer, in some instances @| from Dean Thayer of the Harvard law! mother died of canter four years after
ribber stamp being used when in fact the | achool, who wrote Mr. Taft from Europe. | the birth of the youngest of the Baroness

The dean expressed his’ satisfaction at
finding that Robert Taft, the President's

 

 

BARONESS VALENTINE BRIDE
OF BROKER'S EMPLOYEE.

 

Sicegmund Springer, a London ‘“‘Booster,"’
Wins ®20,000,000 Heiress, Daughter
of Late Head of Great Vienna Bank-

Publiahing Association,

 

ing House Romances of the Family. |

Spectal Cable Despatch to THR Stn.

Lonpon, Sept. 9.—The Baroness Valen-/and fell noisily to the ground

SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 10T1,

Cloudy to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow;

light variable winds.

FORTY PAGES.

DROPS His SWORD.

Strange Happening on Sedan Day at
Saxon Village Celebration,
Special Cable Despatch to THe Stn.

STUTTGART, Sept.9.. There was a strange
incident on Sedan day,
in the Saxon town of Artern.
of the inhabitants gathered to celebrate
in the square where Bismarck’s statue
is situated.

Ae the clock in the aquare struck noon
the sword which the statue of the dead
stateaman held in its hand extended
It was

 

tine von Rothschild, a daughter of the immediately followed by one of the arms

late Baron Albert von Rothschild, head
of the Vienna branch of the house, has
married Siegmund Springer, a Londoner
without a fortune, who was a booster for
a firm of stock brokers.

The fortune of the Baroness is esti-
mated at 100,000,000 kronen, or about
$20,000,000

The Baroness Valentine yon Rothschild, | had picked in his garden thinking they |

whose mother, Bettina von Rothschild,
was a first cousin and wife of Baron
Albert von Rothschild, was 25 years old
on May 2% of this vear. Baron Albert
von Rothschild, father of the young
woman, who died last February, was head
of the Vienna banking house of the Roth-
achilds, the great family of international
The Baronesa Valentine's

Valentine's six brothers.
Baron George, the oldest brother of

‘oldest son, had maintained himeelf at the |the young woman just reported to be

head of his class in the Harvard law
Robert Taft is a member of the

married, lost hia mind. Baron Oscar,
her voungest brother, committed suicide

a trust company, another of $5,000, drawn | freshman class, of which there are some | on Jujy 13, 1909, in his father's home in

on one of the largest banks of the city, and
two others, one of $800 and one of $175,
drawn on other banks in the city. The two
small amounts were first secured and the
forger evidently now realizes that he can
easily secure large sums in this way.
This forger evidently bases his operations
tin Canada, for in the two large cases he went
to Canada with the certified checks and ob-
tained the funds. (ne puzzling feature is
how the forger ascertains the names of
the customers of banks having large bal-
ances, and in onegnstance he caine within two
of the serial nuntber of the check
We urge that tellera be requested not to
certify any checks of customers without
thorough investigation being first made
A continuation of their failure to investigate
the correctness of the signature on checks
presented for certification will result in
further heavy losses ‘and will necessi-
tate the present rates for forgery bonds
being at least quadrupled.
|

Mr. Joyce last night declined to give
the names of the four banks.

He said that two of the banks were
among the biggest in the city. It was
one of these that certified the check for
$5,000. The other big amount was paid
on a check certified by a trust company
of good size and standing. These four
banks, Mr. Joyce said, all held forgery
bonds issued by the Nationa] Surety
Company, and in each case the claim has
been paid by that company, causing a
loss to it of some $12,000 within ninety
days through the operations of one crook.

In addition Mr. Joyce said that he had
heard yesterday of another bank which
certified a similar check for $1,500, ap-
parently for the same man. He said that
with these five cases come to light he
did not doubt that the operations of this
forger would be found to be very large.
He believes that in a part of the cases
at least the forger himself presented the
checks for certification

The amazing thing about the cases,
Mr. Joyce said, was the facility with which
the man had been able to get the tellers
of big banks, who would not pay out cash
on a check unless the man who presented
it was identified beyond any doubt, to
certify checks for large amounts without
any identification whatever. Mr. Joyce
said it was his opinion that the very bold-
ness of the scheme was what had made
it successful. A teller, he said, might not
think to question a man who boldly walked
up to the window and asked for the cer-
tification of a check

Two of the four checks which came to
the notice of his company, Mr. Joyce said,
were cashed in Canada, one in Montreal
and the otherin Toronto. Mr. Joyce said
that the carelessness of the tellers was

particularly indicated by the fact that
the checks were drawn on ordinary blanks,
while in two or three of the cases, if not
in all, the depositor whose name was
forged invariably used special blanks of
his own with his name printed on them.
In the case of the check that was signed

with a rubber stamp it happened that |

250 members.

record was a pleasing proof to him that a/ hig majority, because of hie father's

good legal mind was inheritable.

-~s--- ---—

VACHT TO RACE MOTOR BOAT. |

Helenita, 188 Feet Long, Matched With
a 16 Foot Hydroplane for $5,000.

Fravk J. Gould's steam yacht Helenita
is to race against A. KF. Smith's 16 foot
hydroplane Hazel to-day for a side bet of
$5,000. The Hazel has been doing sen-
sational things at the motor boat carnival
recently and yesterday she won a 980
nautical mile race against speed boats
and was timed for one mile in 2 minutes
2 seconds. This at the rate of 29 nautical
or 34.78 statute milesan hour. She broke
her rudder during the race but in spite
of this misshap won the race.

Late in the evening Mr. Gould met Mr.
Smith at the Chateau des Beaux Arts,
and after some talk it was agreed that the
big steam yacht should be matched against
the tiny motor boat, and each owner put
up $5,000. They are to start from Hunt-
ington harbor at 9 o’olock in the morning
and the finish will be in New London
harbor, sixty miles away.

The Hazel was taken to Atkin- Wheeler's
yard in Huntington harbor and men are
to work all night to repair the damaged
rudder and fit her for the contest. The
Helenita is 185 feet long and is fitted with
triple expansion engines. She is quite
fast and can make steadily more than
16 knota. Mr. Gould does not believe
the Hazel can run sixty miles, The Hazel
is 16 feet long and when running at top
speed is two-thirds out of the water.
She is driven by a # horse-power motor.
A. E. Smith will steer the Hazel and Irvin
Chase, her designer, will handle the motor
and act as ballast. A big fleet of yachts
will accompany the racers.

BOX KITES EASY TARGETS.

No Trouble in Hitting These Raised From
Battieship's Decks.

Norroik, Va., Sept. 9.--With ideal
weather conditions and half a dozen
fresh targets gunners on the battleships
Kansae, Kentucky, North Carolina and
Vermont made good records to-day
off the Southern drill grounds.

The ausiliary Culgoa and the naval
tug Patuxent were kept busy all of last
night and early to-day towing battered
targets to the navy yard and towing
out fresh ones to the fleet. The Culgoa
towed out two this afternoon and the
Patuxent followed with two more.

Shooting at box kites took up the time
of the gunners on the Connecticut, Mis-
sissippi and Indiana to-day. Six kites
were fiving from the Connecticut at one
time, all of them at heights ranging from
300 to 800 feet. The Mississippi also had
several kites up at one time. Some dif-
flvulty wasexperionced in getting the kites
to soar to the required height, but in most

 

 

 

ee ec

the depositor, a large business house, did cises the efforta were successful and the

not use a rubber stamp, but always signed
its checks by the name of the company
and that of the officer signing the check
written out,

The forgeries themselves, Mr. Joyce
said, were extremely clever and evidently
were the work of an expert. Even in the
case of the check signed by a rubber stamp
the signature of the officer below the
stamp impression followed in almost
every detail the true signature. The
work was the most skilful, Mr. Joyce
said, that he had ever seen.

The fact that in one of the checks the
man lighted upon a check number which
came uppermost on the firm's check book
the very day the check was dated indi-
cated to Mr. Joyce that the operator was
able to get close inside information in
some way. “It may be,” he said, “that
this means that it was what the police
would call an ‘inside job,’ or it may mean
that the man has been robbing mail-
boxes and so getting possession of checks
for their signatures and probable num-
bers.” Mr. Joyce also considered it worthy
of remark that the forger had known so

laccurately just what business houses
carried large deposits in certain banks.

Ax a result of the lesson learned from

these cases Mr. Joyce said that the Na-
tional Surety Company was getting out
a new form for these forgery bonds in
which it is stipulated that the teller who
‘certifies a check must require identifi-
{ cation of the man presenting it.

| William Sherer, manager of the Clear-
ing House, has just returned from a
'month’s vacation. He said last night
‘that he had not heard of the forgeries
| mentioned in the National Surety Com-
| pany'’s warning. It seemed almost in-
leredible, Mr. Sherer said, that tellers
| should be #0 careless as to certify checks
ifor unknown persons, particularly since
| the greater part of the certification of
lGhecks is done for big depositors who
' are well known to the bank's officers.

 

| _—--

| DRINK FRESH PRESSED GRAPE JUICE,
e We press it right Invyour sighs.

| T, DEWEY & SONS CO., 198 Fulton St., N. ¥

— Ada.

g inners had little trouble riddling them.

The one inch gune especially installed
on the battleship Louisiana and other
ships in the fleet did terrible work in de-
stroying aeroplanes Thursday, I'riday
and again to-day, according to reports.
More than thirty aeroplane shaped box
kites have heen destroyed with this gun
alone, it is said, to say nothing of the
damage done by small arms in the hands
of sharpshooters on the various ships.

Admiral Badger, commanding the
second division of the fleet, it was an-
nounced to-day, is desirous of having
ships in his division shoot at targets
to-morrow. Heretofore the fleet has
indulged in no work on Sunday, and the
men on board have enjoyed moving
picture shows on the decks of the various
ships.

It was not learned to-night what Rear
Admiral Osterhaus, commander in chief
of the fleet, will do with the request from
Rear Admiral Badger. The fleet ia ex-
pected to finish target practice by Tues-
day.

BOY THIEF A QUEER ONE,

Stole 8100 From His Bess and Inspected
the Elmira Reformatory.

Howard E. Coopers a high school grad-
uate who got a job with the Bouker Con-
tracting Company, 21 State street, on
August 16, and the next day disappeared
with $100 from the cashier's drawer, was
brought back to thie city yesterday from
Elmira, where he was arrested, and
arraigned in the Tombs police court. He
admitted taking the money and said he
wanted it to spend in travelling.

Cooper, who lives at 30 Summit avenue,
Jersey City, wrote to his parenta from
Binghamton, saying he was on his way to
Elmira to visit friends. pao, surned the |
letter over to the Detective Bureau, and |
Detective Brown was sent to Elmira
He found Cooper inspecting the Elmira
reformatory on a
asking searching questions as to how |
long 4 term a boy 17 years old could be
sent there for.
for the Grand Jury,

 

aS

opposition to his marriage with a young
and good looking but not very rich Ameri-
can girl

The girl was the daughter of a doctor
in a Westerncity. At the time of the sui-
cide of the young man it was reported
that his father went to the extreme of
showing to his son a photograph of his
sweetheart in fancy dress—a costume the
girl is said to have worn at a social func-
tion-——and using the picture to convince
his son that she once had been an actress
and appeared in comic opera and bur-
leaque shows.

The Rothschilds always have been clan-
niah ae to marriages. The Baroness
Valentine's mother not only was a firet
cousin of her husband on the paternal
side—her father being an uncle of Baron
Albert—but on her mother's side as well.

Two of the Baroness Valentine's
brothers, Baron Alphonse and Baron
Louis von Rothschild, came to this country
in 1904 to study American banking
methods. After apending some time in
the counting rooms of August Belmont
& Co. the young men toured the States
and Mexico until recalled to Europe upon
the death of their maternal grandfather,
Baron Alphonse von Rothschild, head of
the Paris branch of the banking firm.

TO GUARD CY RENE SEARCHERS.

 

 

U. S. Cralser Chéster Ordered to the
North African Coast.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 9--The = scout
cruiser Chester will proceed early next
month to Derna or Benghazgie, in northern
Africa, for the purpose of affording pro-
tection if necessary to the members
of the American expedition engaged
in the excavation of the ruins of Cyrene.
It was learned to-day that this decision
had been reached after a consultation
between officers of the State and Navy
departments as to the best plan of pro-
tecting the members of the party.

This expedition, under the auspices
of the Archwological Institute of America,
began its researches at Cyrene about a
year ago with the permission of the Otto-
man Government. The party, which is
under the direction of Prof, Richard
Norton of Boston, apparently succeeded
in winning the confidence and the friend-
ship of the native population. In March
last, however, one of the members of the
expedition, Herbert F. De Cou, was
shot by tribesmen from a neighboring
district one morning when he was pro-
ceeding from the camp to the exoava-
tions in advance of the other members
of the party.

Although three men have recently
been committed for trial on a charge of
complicity in the murder it has been felt
by officers of the Government that the
safety of the expedition upon its return
to the excavations could beat be assured
by sending the Chester to the neighbor-
hood of Cyrene in order to impress upen
the unruly tribesmen of that region
this Government's willingness and ability
in case of need to extend protection to
ite citizens.

A despatch to the State Department
to-day from the American Consul at
Tripoli, in Barbary reports that the three
Arabs who have heen arrested for com-
plicity in the murder on March 11 of Mr.
DeCou, a member of the American archmo-
logioal expedition exploring the ruins cof
Cyrene, will be tried shortly at Benghazi.

SHOT

 

12,000 BIRDS,

 

Geod Marksmanship and Huge Slaughter
by Harry Payne Whitney's Party.
Special Cable Despatch to TaB® Sun

Lonpon, Sept. 9.—Harry Payne Whit-
ney's shooting party at Holwick Hall has
been most successful, There were twelve
drives and 12,000 birds were bagged

The birds were not considered as good
as usual. They were, however, ex-
tremely wild. On this account the marke-
manehip of the party is pronounced to be
of a very high order

———— —

LA FOLLETTE WILL WAIT,

Won't Announce Candidacy Until He Sees
What Taft Will Do.

Mapison, Wis.. Sept. ®—Upon excel-
lent authority it is learned that Senator
La Follette will wait until after Congress
convenes early in December before an-
nouncing his candidacy for President,

Primarily the Senator wants to find out,
it is said, what position the President
will assume toward what are known as
the progressive policies, the President's
suggestions as to further revisions of the
tariff and his genera! stand on depart-
mental and Administration issues.

|

 

|

 

|

 

 

The dean said that his); Vienna, three months after reaching |

ne

|

This peculiar happening caused a great
sensation among the superetitious, many
of whom declared that it was a sign of
war and perhaps af disaster.

ARTIST KILLED BY TOADSTOOLS.

ee

Frank H. Wellington Dies in
Hospital After Three Days fliness.
Passaic, N. J., Sept. 9 After

days illness from eating toadstools he

three

were mushrooms, Frank H. Wellington

of Albion place, an artist, died to-day in|

the Passaic General Hospital. His wife
and a woman visitor who had also been
poisoned are recovering

Mr. Wellington came to Passaic from |

Brooklyn twenty years ago. He was one
of the best known wood engravers in
America. When the halftone replaced the

woodcut he became an artist. He did
work in oil, water color and pen and ith
for several magazines and papers tt

He was a member of the

His wife

New York.
Kenilworth Society of Passaic.
and four children survive hit.

e
STUDYING WORKERS’ PROBLEMS

Observations of Miss Anne Morgan ona

 

 

   

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

COL. ASTOR MARRIED

IN NEWPORT VILLA

September 2, |
Hundreds |

 

By the Rev. Joseph Lambert,
_@ Providence Congre-
| gational Minister.

}

 

‘ASTOR ISSUES STATEMENT

Passaic |

‘He Thinks a Divorced Man Should
Be Permitted to Have
One More Wife.

} -

|News

Jacoly

, Sent. &—Col, John
Mace}

Astor atic ine lorce were

j married at Beechwood, the Colonel's heme

|

here, at 1 oeloet

ihis morning by the

| Rey. dosent) Lan bert, pastor of the Eim-

Congregational Church of
Holi an hour later they weve
yacht

Pwood ‘Terintle
Providence,
the
| Fernecliff, the
Hudson,

will bes

aboard Nome on their wav te

Rhineciiff
honeymoon

Astor estate at

pon the where the

pent
' ‘
As he handed his wife to the automobiis

Motor Tour in Europe. i ready to whirl them to the yacht landing
Spectat Cable Despatch to THE SUN. | Col. Astor paused long enough to say:
Panis, Sept. 9 Miss Anne Morgan, “Now that we are happily married I

Mies Elisabeth Marbury and Miss Elsie) gon't care hew difieult divoree and re-

De Wolfe, who have been on a motor trip
for a month in France and Switzerland,
have returned to the Villa Trianon ai
Versailles.

Miss Morgan, who has devoted years
to the study of the social and economic
problems of the workman's welfare in
Europe, recently visited Vooruit, the
cooperative organization at Ghent, which

is supplying all the needs of 9,000 families. |

She has studied also the cantonal or-
ganization of Switzerland and was struck
by its great simplicity as a political
machine.

She attributes the low cost of living
in Switzerland to the system

KIDNAPPED AND ABANDONED.

 

 

Little Girl Foand 1 in Brooklyn Park
Was Stolen Ten Days Ago.

A little girl who was found Friday
morning in the unimproved McCarren
Park section of Williamsburg in an ap-
parently dying condition from  pneu-
monia and measles and was taken to the
Williameburg Hospital! was identified yes-
terday afternoon as Catherine Russo,
the two-and-a-half-year-old daughter of
Dolgero Russo of 195 Stone avenue,
Brooklyn.

The identification was made by the
girl's uncle, Victor Russo, who said that
the child disappeared from in front of
her parents’ home about ten days ago
and was believed to have been kidnapped,

The police believe that the girl's kid-
napper abandoned her on Friday morning
in the spot where she was found. She
is still alive in the hospital but is very low.
Her father told the police that he had
gover received any threatening letters. |

ACTING GOVERNOR'S PARDON,
Releases Man Serving Forty Years for
Killing (ity Marshal,

OxLauoma City, Okla, Sept. 9
Gov. Cruce's absence acting Gov. J. J.
McAlester’s fireat pardon was granted
to-day to John Cannon, who was serving
a forty year sentence for the murder of
City Marshal Thomas Kadford at Enid
on January 10, 1006.

Cannon was a former county jailer
and at the time was conducting 4a room-
ing house at Enid which Radford said
was of questionable character. Cannon
said that Radford was trying to run him
out of town and that it was a matter of
persecution. He shot Radford three
times while the latter was standing on
the main street of Enid talking to another
man.

Radford had no chance to draw a re-
volver or defend himself. Several unsuce
cessful attempts to secure a pardon or
parole for Cannon have previously been
made. The ground assigned for grant-
ing a pardon at this time is that he has
tuberculosis

WENT TO JERSEY FOR A PISTOL,

Brought It Over and Mortally Wounded
a Man With It the Next Day,

YonkKERS, Sept. 9.--Unable to obtain
a revolver in this city or New York with-
outa permit and refused a permit because
he is not a citizen, Edward Desmond, 33
years old, an engineer employed by the
T. A. Gillespie Company, bought a re-
volver yesterday in Jersey City.

In

Profit, a negro fireman who attacked him |

with a shovel at Sawmil River and Tucka-
hoe road, where work on the New York
aqueduct is goig on,

Desmond is a veteran of the Boer war
and has been in the county about two
years. He had trouble with Profit and

sought a permit to carry a revolver to pro- |

tect himself. When Desmond told the
negro to-night that he was discharged
Profit attacked him with the shovel. Des-
mond shot the negro in the right lung.
The wounded man was taken to St. John's
Hospital, where the doctors say he will
die. Desmond was arrested,

 

RAPS JUDGE LINDSEY'S WORK,

 

Anti-suffragist From Here Talks After
Four Days Spent in Denver.

Los ANGELES, Sept. 9.-Mrs. William
Force Scott of New York, speaking at an
anti-auffrage meeting last night, made
a bitter attack on Judge Ben Lindsey of
Denver, whose Juvenile Court has at-
tracted wide attention. Hundreds of her
hearers hissed her.

Mrs. Scott said she was in Denver four
days and that in that time she heard
many men and women say that Judge
Lindsey “is an irresponsible person, whe
spends much of his time away from his
office and away from his official duties

It is understood that Senator La Fol-! to exploit himself in his own interests,”

his recent Pennsylvania speech spran
from a desire to wait until the forma

have been made. tee

Q@visitors’ day and! lette’s failure to attack the Executive in|

|

York
affairs

New
control

She said that
to

women are
indirectiv
through their husbands and§that there

content

‘e was held in $2,000 bail| announcement of his candidacy shall; are many biological reasous why women

should not vote,

ee ee tee teenie

He used |
the weapon to-night in shooting George |

A dozen applauded, .

i marriage laws are meade. I sympathize
with the most straitlaced
people in most of their ideas, but [ believe
}remarriage should be possible once, as
marriage is the happiest condition for the
‘individual and the community.”

| William H. Fosce, the bride's father,
| turned to the newspaper men present and
“In
jee marriage only the happiness of my
= was considered. She and Col.

heartily

said with considerable earnestness:

Astor are and have been very much in
love. If they were not in love the mar-
riage would never have occurred.”
There seemed to be no doubt that the
Colonel and his wife were thoroughly
pleased with each other and intensely
happy. The tall, dark, lean man finally
married with benefit of clergy to the hand-
some girl of 20 was boyishly eager in ex-
pressing his pleasnre. He shook hands
vigorously with a few friends and old
servants and had a broad smile for ali

| Newport as he hurried to the yacht. The
young wife blushed a little and smiled a
littie and held the Colonel's arm closely
as they went up the gangway of the Noma.
For that matter all Newport, which im-
mediately takes keen interest in the affairs
of its celebrities and which had been fairly
| beside itself for fear that the Colonel
would get married somewhere else after
{all, seemed to be delighted. For several
|hours after the ceremony at Beechwood
| Newporters hailed each other on the
street with, “Well, it'was all right after
all. They went and did it, didn't they?”

The only individual who seemed gloomy
wus the Rev. Edwin S. Straight of Provi-
dence, who does odd jobs at carpentering
and preaching. Mr. Straight arrived
here this morning ready to marry the
Colonel and Miss Force. Maybe he had
been summoned as second minister in
mse something happened to the Rev.
Mr Lambert; maybe not. Anyway his
services were not necessary. When he
departed on a trolley car he seemed a
little gloomy,

Things worked out just right for Col.
Astor. Newport behaved considerately
jand did not rush pellmell to get a peek ab
the wedding party. No obstacles or an-
noyances interfered with the ceremony.
The Colonel was a bit put out by the
activity of a deputy sheriff who served
him on board the Norma at 8 o'clock this
morning with a subpeena to appear next
October in a $30,000 damage suit, but after
accepting service the Colonel threw off
his nervousness and displayed a smile
which stuck.

The Noma got here at 2 o'clock this
morning feeling her way in murky weather.
Col. Astor, Miss Force, Miss Katherine
Force, a younger sister of the bride, and
William H. Force were aboard. Mrs.
Force, with Mrs. A. P. T. Elder, a friend
of the Force family, came by train last
night and went to the Muenchinger Cot-
tages. The yacht dropped anchor in the
outer harbor, At 8 o'clock, while the
party were at breakfast, a launch came
alongside, bringing Deputy Sheriff Frank
King. Capt. Roberts asked King what he
wanted and King said he had papers to
/ serve on the Colonel. The captain waan't
sure whether that would he good form or

 

 

}not, He went down to the breakfast
| table and asked Col. Astor what was to
be done,

The Colone! told him to accept
service, but the deputy sheriff wouldn't
have that at all. He insisted that he
didn't want to be unpleasant, but he had
| to see the Colonel personally. Finally
Col. Astor came on deck and took the
subpoena,

He was somewhat upset because King's

| visit was altogether unexpected. It aras
in July, 1910, that Eugene P. MeCrohan, a
brother of John MeCrohan,*a star lineman
on the Princeton foothall team of 1999,
went to Beechwood to inspect the electric
lighting and telephone wires. The
switches McCrohan wanted to overhaul
| were in a dark closet in the basement.
Somehow he stumbled against a live wire.
A few people in the house heard him groan,
When they ran to the closet McCrohan
was dying. The writ served yesterday
| @couses the Colonel of negligence and the
State of Rhode Island and the Providence
Plantations requires hin to answer in the
Superior Court of Rhode Island on Oo-
tober 2 next. The Colonel was annoyed
because the deputy sheriff elected the
wedding day to hand out annoying papers,
He couldua't understand why service
hadn't been accomplished on any one of
his previous visits to Beechwood

His irritation cleared away rapidly,
though, and he shook hands with King
yas the deputy departed. Then he weut