-

 

aeeimeenaeeeeemee
+NEW YORK MONDAY,

“VOL, LIXV.—KO. 212,

PARLOR SOCIALISTS ROFFLED

FRADE UNION MAN TELLS THEM
THEY'RE ON A PERILOUS PATH.
Merman Robinson Gilad He Gtayed Away
From Union Square—Rev. Mr. Irvine
Was Knocked Down First by the Bomb,
Next by a Policeman—Glad He Went,

 

 

Herman Robinson inserted himself into
‘ye Rev, Alexander Irvine's socialistic
‘ea party in the parish house of the Rev.
Vercy Stickney Grant's Church of the
\scension last night and exploded opin-
ons right and left, to the great annoy-
noe of a number of gentlemen Socialists.

Mr. Robinson is the financial secretary
‘ the Central Federated Union and has

, use for any brand of socialism. His
ompadour bristles stiffly at the very men-

n of the word, and he is accustomed
'o get up on his feet in any kind of meeting
and slain strong words about. He was
ore. special extra sore, last night because
«had heard that at the tea party a week
co last night in the parish house several

ors had roasted the labor organiza-
. for refusing to take part in the demon-
n of the unemployed which ended

o unhappily on gaturday.
they had just finished tea and tongue
jaiches when Mr, Robinson, with his
hw truculently up, worked his way up
sigh the crowd, District Attorney Je-

» oe, whois catholicin his taste for amuse-
nent. was sitting far back on the dais, and
wetty close to him was John H. Flagler.

« of the regular attendants at the Rev.

‘ty Irvine's party were Ray Stannard

(haries Edward Russell, Prof,

iitehell of Columbia, Charlotte Teller, a

ox of Uniied States Senator Henry M,

frof, Charles Johnson, Robert

» «f the Charity Organization So-

ft, Grant, Darwin J. Meserole and
Nacalie Sonnichsen

Almoat everybody had attended the
.oeying service in the church at which
tr Tevine preached on the topio “Was
iret a Soetalist?” In the course of hf
sow Me. Urvine had referred to the
rdey in Union Square and to his own

« escane from being blown up by the
explosion, He was standiog about

et trom Silverstein when the young

aker

e+ let the bomb drop, and the concussion '

i line te the ground. When he got
he complained with some bitterness, a
policeman awatted him in the back of
oad ith hie fist and knocked him flat

~araneake
Tunter and some friends of theirs, he was

vyetlod and harried and pushed and
yinped and jostled until he ran like a
ared schoolboy.

‘Why.” said Irvine, ‘if Christ had been
there he would have been treated just as
hadly by the police. Christ liked that sort
of crowd, and if He had been on earth yes-
ierday He certainly would have been in
‘niou Square and He certainly would have
een clubbed by those undisciplined police-
ven. The whole thing was an unspeakable
witrage and the trouble grew out of the
oughness and brutality of the police them-
cles.”

Well, when the tea party began every-

ody expected that the riot would be the
‘orice of discussion, because most of the
reople there felt just like Irvine about it

nd were bubbling with eagerness to say |
somewhat |

hings. Robinson's entrance
hanged the current, though.
\fter Charles Edward Russell got through
emplaining about the injustice of some
nen living with a wife and five children
n a two room apartment and some other
nen no better intellectually, physically or
norally abiding amid tapestries and
amoking jackets and oil paintings and
2nghen butlers and highballs Prof. Charles
fohnson had a bit to say. The professor
waid he offered a prayer every day that no
vuman being should get justice. Why?
Because they didn’t deserve it. They
violated constantly the pure, sweet laws
of nature, and they couldn’t expect to get

Providential favors until they squared their

account with naturel laws.

About this time Herman Robinson held
up e finger and asked for the right of free
speech. (They let anybody talk for just
three minutes on any respectable topic up
at these tea and talk soirées.)

Mr. Robinson took the platform and his
words rattled like the fire of a machine gun.
Mr. Jarome, back in the corner, grinned.
Dr, Grant frowned.

“I'm right here to say,” began Robinson,
that J don’t take any stock in socialism.
| think its all bunk! (A few hisses.) But
n the firat place I want to say that I'm bere
vecause I heard that my organization and
nveelf were called cowardly because we
couldn't have anything to do with that
emonstration yesterday. Anybody can
hink what they please, see? We didn’t
‘all for that crowd because nobody could
show us what that meeting was for, what it
ntended to do and who would’ be the
speakers, We don’t go into nothing blind,
ive follow me? [A voice: “It was
owardly” and more hisees.|

‘All right. Think what you please.
Now about this socialism con stuff, this
,ot air we hear so much about. I reckon
| know about as much about socialism
1s anybody here. [Laughter and @ '<:

This ought not be allowed!") Well,
sumped up against that stuff in the labor
inions and I have got wise to this, that
's a bad thing for society and won't ever
io anybody any good. I don't like insti-
‘uthons that try to etir up trouble and class
vatredallthe time (Several voices: “That's
» lie!” *You cant prove that!" “You
jon't know what you're talking about!”
ind a whole chorus of hisses.;
{ don't, eh? Well, I'll band the proof

» you out of the mouths of your own
posties. You all believe in Karl Marx,
ont you? [Shouts of “Yes, yes!" Hisses
ind ories of “Shut up! Let him talk!")
Fine! Listen to this;

We content ourselves at present with

ving the foundations of revolutions and
ball have deserved well when we shall have

ted hatred and contempt for all existing
stitutions, We wage war against all pre-

‘ling ideas about religion, country, State
na patriotism.

“D’'ve know what that’s from? It’s out
{ Marx's ‘Secret Societies of Switzerland.’
Ihat'’s what I'm against. It’s bad busi-
ess. |4 voiloe—*That's an isolated quota-
ion Tt doesn’t mean anything!*~and so
nany hisses that the noise was like steam
scaping from the exhaust of a big freight
\ooomotive.] ;

“Tt don’t, eh,” went on Robinson, shaking

     

Atver that, along with Robert |

P= ”

 

' ‘
| the bit of paper he read from, Get this
one from your other saint, August Bebe):

We want the wounds of the body social

| kept in a festering condition in order to |

; allow the class distinctions to become as
acute as possible,
“I'm mighty glad I wasn't there yester-
day,”

With that Robinson stepped off the plat- |
form and coolly made his way back to a |

place in the crowd. They growled at him
and fifty men and a few excited women
were on their feet clamoring for recog-
nition by Mr. Meserole, who presided.
Mr. Meserole begged for quiet and asked
the Rev. Mr. Irvine to reply to Robinson.

There was a strong blast of cheers when
Irvine appeared in his long black gown,
at the collar of which floated the broad
ends of a big black bow tie.

“I was there yesterday!” he shouted.
“I'm glad to say that I was one of them.
I'm sorry to see a representative of the

C. F. U. say they had nothing to do with

' the meeting in Union Square I had per-
sonally much to do with it and I'm proud
of the connection, (Handclapping and
enthusiastic cheers from the roomful.]

“I don't like to see these fights get in our
meetings, but we're al) Irish [laughter]
and we'll fight if necessary. I know all

about labor unions. I'm a member of six

| of them myself, and I'm familiar with the

} selfishness of the crafts, each craft for it-
self and nothing else. That's the trouble
with the C, F. U., it’s selfish politics.”
Mr. Bruyeére sprang forward with a Bible
in his hands to demonstrate that socialism
was according to the teachings of Scripture
and that everybody didn't feel 60 blood-
thirsty as Karl Marx. Then Charlotte
Teller was led forward by a committee of
frock coats. Miss Teller is slight and pale
and blue eyed and doesn't appear the least
bellicose. Her voice is decidedly mild, but
when she got to talking she had them ex-
ploding yells every half minute,

“Oh,” she said, ‘the one topic I wanted
to hear discussed was the occurrence of
yesterday. I wish | had been there. |
belonged right there with those people.
(Cheers.| [ should like to have suffered,

; even in a small way, to express my sense
of service. T should love to have taken
sides. That's the only way we can be of

use--take sides, [Applause.| [t was a
bitter shame the way the police behaved.

} But what can one expect from individuals

| that are members of an organization honey- |

} combed with graft? The rottenness of the
_ institution corrupts the individuals. |
, know something about these selfish labor
unions, and it was cowardly and unmanly
_ for them to refuse to have a part in a per-
 fectly just demonstration. I wish--oh, I
wish so much- that I had been there in
| the thick of it.”
| A woman in black, upon whose nose
| reposed a gold pince-nez, got up and said
she thought personal allusions were un-
worthy of ladies and gentlemen embarked
upon 4 sacred enterprise, Mr. Meserole
said he thought so, and started to calm
j things; but a man with long, bushy black
| hair arose in the rear of the room, stating
that he represented the great army of the

, unemployed in New York. He shook his |

' fist at Herman Robinson, erying “coward,”

“traitor ” and “disloyal.” Robinson grinned.
| Eventually the discussion came to a close
| with several eminent Socialists speaking

gently about the beauties of mutual service, |
, At the last it was announced that the |

Socialists intend to hold a big moeting of
protert this week.

NAPHTHA SHIP BLOWN UP,

Thirteen of the Crew of the Ingewood |

Killed OF Norwegian Coast.

Special Cable Despatch to THe Sun.
CHRISTIANIA, March 29..-The cargo of
naphtha on the ship Ingewood, lying off
| Mandal, the southernmost town of Norway,
‘exploded to-day. Tho vessel was de-
stroyed and thirteen of her crew were

killed, Of these eleven were either British |

or American.

{ The Maritime Registe:

| of the name of Ingewoord,

reports no vesse
It does report a

; Svenson, which sailed from Now York
February 17 for Stockholm and whieh
passed Prawle Point March 19. Mandal
lies on the course of all vessels bound from
the westward to Stockholm

 

AND THE DUMB SPAKE,

| And Spake Fluently, Net to Say Profanely
—A Subway Beggar Exposed.

The Rev. Lee W. Beattie of 25 St. Nicholas
avenue was on his way home Saturday night
in a subway express train in which a man
was distributing pathetic verses and col-
lecting small coins from the charitably
dis

 

Mr. Beattie thought that he would in-
vestigate the case before contributing,
so he asked the man a question. The man
| began to make signs indicating that he was
| deaf and dumb. The sign language he
‘ used was a different dialect from any with
| which Mr. Beattie was familiar and Mr.

Beattie thought that he knew at least the
| alphabet of all of them.

! The philanthropist had to change cars at

| Ninety-eixth street and the deaf mute fol-

' lowed him onto the platform, still holding

| a copy of the pathetic verses in bis hand,

| “I believe you are an impostor and if

| there was a policeman about I'd have you

| arrested,” said Mr. Beattie.

/ You can go to hell,” replied the deaf

} mute.

Then Mr. Beattie called one of the gray

| coated special subway cops and the beggar

| was taken to the station house.

! In the West Side court yesterday the man

| said he was James Martin of 104 Sands
street, Brooklyn, and that he had a wife
and four children.

| «]']] investigate the case," said Mr. Beattie

to Magistrate Walsh, “and if the people are

| deserving they shall not suffer.”

The prisoner remarked that he didn't
wish the vhilanthropist to call at his house,
but Mr. Beattie insisted.

“On what floor do you live?” asked Mr,
Beattie.

| “Second,” replied Martin.
| “What flat, front or rear?”

Mr. Beattie.

ne whele dame floor,” said Mert, 4

« verses 5," remarke
the Mtiviatrate ee he held Martin in $000
for further examination this morning.

 

|
|
'

|

continued

 

 

Sebree'’s Squadron at Target Practice.

San Francisco, March 29.—Admiral
Sebree’s equadron, consisting of the ( ali-
fornia, Washington and Tennessee, arrived
to-day from Monterey. At Magdalena

the California had preliminary target
, while the others had record

practice. |
Officers say the Tennessee will be found
well up in record, They will yaad
the north Wednesday. The cruiser ( harles-

' ton arrived to-day from Mare Island.

f Sg
pe (]

| Norwegian bark named Tngfewood, Capt. !

oe eee en es

KAISER WILLIAM BACKS DOWN

| OBJECTIONS TO DR, HILL,

!

 

German Foreign Office Badly Soared—Hill
Likely to Ge to Bertin as Ambassador,
bat Not to Stay Long—To Shew Wealth
Doesn't Count—Looking for the Leak.

| Special Cable Despatches to Tam Sun.

| Lonpon, March 90.-The Berlin oorres-

| pondent of the Datly Mail eays he is author-

| ized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to
announce that the ambassadorial incident is
closed. The Kaiser has unconditionally
withdrawn his objections to Dr, David
Jayne Hill and long cipher messages
wers sent to Washington on Sunday assur-
ing the United States Government that
Dr. Hill will now be cordially welcomed.
The hope is cherished that Dr. Hill him-
self will forget and forgive and that the
painful history of the past four days will
be regarded as non-existent. The follow-
| ing official statement will be published on
| Monday:
“Notices which appeared in the foreign
press regarding the Hill affair originated
| under a misapprehension that it was in-
| tended to recall the approval given last

; autumn to Dr. Hill's appointment. This

| was never thought of. It is true that cer-

\

tain doubts subsequently arose as to
whether Dr. Hill would feel himeelf com-
fortable in the post of American Ambassa-
dor at Berlin, but these doubts are now
removed so that nothing stands in the way of
| Dr. Hill's nomination to the Berlin Embassy,
| and he will be as welcome in Berlin now
as he would have been before or as any
other unobjectionable representative named
by the President would be.

“It is to be stated emphatically that
throughout the whole incident Ambassa-
dor Tower has not swerved for one instant
from the straight line of absolutely loyal
and honorable conduct both toward his own
' Government and the imperial German
Government.”

Although it was Sunday the full staff of
| higher officials, including Herr von Schoen,
Secretary of Foreign Affairs, attended at
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and en-
gaged in a prolonged conference with Am-
bassador Tower before the text of the official
statement was setiled upon. Long des-
patches were cabled to Washington ine
forming President Roosevelt of the Em-
peror’s unequivocal retraction of his dis-
, approval of Dr. Hill.

The correspondent says he is in a posi-
tion to state further that this latest imperial
| volte face represents a frank and generous
| concession to public opinion in the United
States, which the Kaiser has not the slight-
est desire to offend, nor had he the remot-
est intention of doing so when he asked
| Mr. Tower a fortnight ago to communi-
‘cate the imperial objections to Dr. Hill
{to President Roosevelt in a formal de-
| tailed message.
| When the news was conveyed to the

Emperor at Venice last Friday that the
American temper wae rising rapidly over
the imputation which Dr. Hill's rejection
cast upon President Roosevelt's judgment
and the personal status of an eminent
American citizen the Kaiser decided to
delay starting upon his Mediterranean
cruise until the incident was cleared up.
The Ministry of Foreign Affaira has not let
the Emperor remain long in doubt that
the whole German “American policy”
would be threatened with ruin if the United
States was not promptly conciliated. The
Kaiser acted with characteristic prompti-
tude, and the official statement represents
' a “golden bridge” constructed for a with-
| drawal from a position which had been

founa politically untenable. /
“The correspondent concludes:

“Lam assured by the highest authority
| that the Kaiser's objections to Dr. Hill
rested exclusively on the fear that American
| diplomatio prestige in Germany would
suffer if there should be any diminution
in the embassy’s social brilliancy. I am
| further desired to state, and the imperial
Government has particular pleasure in
stating @o unreservedly, that Mr. Tower
has been the victim of wholly erroneous
| aspersions in the English, American and
| German press in reference to his alleged
‘intriguing’.”
| Paris, March 20.—Dr. David J. Hill,
| Ambassador-designate to Germany, when
} told this evening about the German Gov-
ernment issuing a statement to the effect
that he would be perfectly welcome in Ber-
lin declined to say more than that he was
entirely in the hands of his Government
and that he would carry out any instruc-
| tions he received from Washington.
WasHINGTON, March 20.—There appears
to be a fair prospect of clearing up the un-
pleasantness growing out of the reported
opposition of the Emperor William to Dr.

 

!

 

Davie Tayne Hill as American Ambassador
at Berlin. Despatches from Berlin say
that the Emperor has withdrawn all objeo-
tions to Dr. Hill and will receive him cor-
dially and has so notified President Roose-
velt. e
Official confirmation of these statements
was not given, but it was declared in positive
terms that the German Government had
never objected to Dr. Hill and that there
| Was no reason why he should not assume
| the duties of the mission to Germany.

This indicates that the President may
send Dr. Hill to Berlin after all. Whether
he will remain there for any great length of
time or merely stay long enough to establish

the principle that wealth and the desire
to entertain extensively shall not determine
the selection of an American diplomatio
officer has not appeared.
| In the meantime the mystery of the
“opposition” to which Ambassador Tower
referred in his telegram to the State De-
partment has not cleared up, although there
is reason to believe that the Government has
' obtained by means of the transatlantic cable
| a synopais of the contents of the explanatory
| letter which Mr, Tower has forwarded by
‘mail. President Roosevelt is represented
as being provoked over the publicity given
| to the incident and as extremely anxious to
ascertain where the information was fur-
'nished that the opposition to Dr. Hill
existed. It is evident that the President
suspects that persons antagonistic to Dr.
Hil] were responsible for the story.
| Remarks made in official circles to-day
indicate that a failure to send Dr. Hill to
, Berlin might be misconstrued by Germany,
| and it is believed that this view is likely
to prevail and make it certain that his
| nomination as Ambassador will be sent to
the Senate.

 

MARCH 380. 190

 

 

| MESSENGER MURDERED IN CAR.

| Express Company Agent Killed in Transit
} and Safe Robbed,

| Bailey, aged 30, a Welle Fargo express
messenger, waa found dead in his car
when the southbound Santa Fé train pulled
into Newton, Kan., at 3:55 this morning

Home ~ we PT ane. en tk wt,
‘warty : Fh Ong a Orta 9 vie * hi i? mets
: , ‘ " I / p cad %
? 4 7 j
> | ad
- we KY 6 aN ;
‘Deer tatibagy | kL a PP atin
: pr dl Te ted ne f
‘

Se cceaneapgeammamtaamaann +a

!

 

He had been murdered and the express

| safe rifled of ita contents, There is no clue
| to the murderer. Bailey was recently
married and lived at Kansas City.

The train left Strong City at 2:35 this
morning, running to Newton, the division
point, where a south and west train was
made up. Florence, Kan, is the first

; stop out of Strong City, at which mail is
| thrown off. The mail was put off at that
place as usual, ,

A Rook Island conductor declared that at
this point he noticed a wan at the express
car door and that his face was bloody. At
Peabody there was no occasion to open the
express car and it went on to Newton, Re-
peated knocks at Newton failed to arouse
the messenger and Joe Stimmel, an agent,
broke open the door and found the messen-
ger dead.

Railroad officera advance the theory
that the murdered man permitted some
one he knew to ride with him and this man
found it necessary to kill the meesenger
to hide his identity after robbing the safe.
The amount taken cannot be ascertained
at present, Officials admit a $1,400 pack-
age is missing.

Twenty arrests were made here to-day.
All have been released except nine, who must
undergo more sweating: The police attach

telegrapher named Everett, who reach
the robbed train. Everett claims to live in

found near the Santa Fé right of way near
Peabody this evening.

IRISH HOME RULE MOVE,

Redmond to Propose Resolution in the Com-
mions To<diay—Geovernment Dilemna,
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Scn,
Lonponx, March %0.--The greatest in-
tereat centres in the House of Commons
this afternoon when Mr. Redmond, the
Nationalist leader, will move a resolu-
tion “to give the Irish people legislative
and executive control of all purely Lrish
affaires,” thus reviving the Home Rule

question.

This move will put the Government
in a dilemma, extrication from which may
mean a further weakening of its position,
It is not expected that the Ministry will

 

 

 

Peabody. A bloodstained hatchet was |

| epileptic fits, with the suggestion that her |

|
|
|

support the resolution, as in that case they ,

would be bound to translate it into a bill
before Parliament expires.

On the other hand if they oppose it
they will throw over the Nationalists, with
their eighty votes, and the Nationalists
would be joined in the same lobby by the
Laborities and more advanced radicals,

 

POLICE OUT OF TEMPTATION,

Brooklyn Captains Transferred Until the
Primaries Are Finished.

All the police captains in Brooklyn, with
the exception of several who are new in
their precincts, will be transferred this
morning for two days, or until after the
primarigs.

This is due to the contests against Mo-
Carren leaders in many of the Brooklyn
districts and ia to prevent the captains
from taking a hand in the primaries.

Twenty-six captains make the shift, as
follows:

 

to Fifth avenue, changing with Capt. Bar-

Butler street, changing with Capt. Murphy;
Capt. Parrett from Atlantio avenue to
Hamburg avenue, changing with Capt.
Wormell; Capt Fran from Brownsville
to Coney Island, changing with Capt,
Becker; Capt. Maude from Long Island

from Bath Beach to Jamaica, changing with

nue to Flatbush, changing with Capt. Dulfer;
Capt. Gardner from Newtown to Herbert
street; Capt. Evans from Herbert street
to Fort Hamilton; Capt. Knipe from Fort
Hamilton to Long Island City; Capt. For-

mosa from Sheepshead Bay to lower
Fulton street; Capt. Hughes from
Vernon avenue to Bedford § avenve;

Capt. Cruise from Lee avenue to Vernon
avenue; Capt. Hayes from Bergen strest
to Greenpoint; Capt. Reimels from Classon
avenue to Parkville; Capt. Kelley fron.
Parkville to Bergen street; Capt. Darcy
from Richmond Hill to Astoria; Capt,
Lindeman from Astoria to Prospect Park;
Capt. Aloncle from Greenpoint to Classon
avenue, and Capt. Pinkerton from iower
Fulton street to Newtown.

 

NO HOPE FOR MEN IN U. P. MINE.

| Only Five of the Seventy Dead Recovered
—Cause of Second Explosion.
Hanna, Wyo., March 20.—The bodies of
only five of the seventy miners killed in
the two explosions in Mine No, 1 of the
{ Union Pacific Coal Company yesterday and
last night have been redovered.

They are those of Robert Warburton,
Peter Munson and Benjamin Perry, killed
in the first explosion, and Matt Huhtala

‘and Alexander Tennant of the rescuing
party.

Huhtala and Tennant were found on the
prairie five hundred feet from the mouth
of the east shaft. Tennant’s head had
been blown from the body, as was one leg.
Huhtala's body was also badly mangled.

All hope of rescuing any of thé sixty-odd
men entombed has been abandoned.

The west slope was closed to-day and
efforts are being made to smother the fires
below the tenth level. In two or three
days efforte will be made to reach the bodies,
Seventy coffins have been ordered, in-
dicating that this is the number of known
dead, although the names of only sixty-
five have been obtained, The remaining
fifteen are Finnish miners.

The second explosion was due to careless-
ness on the part of the fifty men who rushed
into the workings without organization and

j a leader, Inspector Elias, the only one in
quthority, was deep in the workings with
asmall force of experts at that time, Thore
who escaped from the mine before the
second explosion say that the accident
was caused by the hasty action in closing
some of the entries and forcing gas into
the fire area.

cg SS a
— eats ee LT
A

 

—

 

Mrs. Roosevelt on the Mississippi.
Lake Provipence, La., March 29.—The
Mayflower, with Mrs. Theodore Roosevelt
and party on board, passed here to-day
after having tied up over night at Gibson's
above Natchez. Couriers have
tohed from the river et to
ashing-

been
ton Hak the soegvons of Os yocks

|

|

}
{
|
‘

a * ba ; ee

ee

 

8, — Copyright, 1008, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

CHESTER GILLETTE MUST DIE

 

UNCONDITIONALLY WITHDRAWS | Wicunrra, Kan., March 29.—Oscar A. | covervon WILL NOT INTER-

VENE IN HIS BEHALF.

 

No New Evidence That Would Justify Him
in Granting a Reprieve—Theory That
Grace Brown Fell From the Boat tn
an Eplieptic Fit Is Untenable, He Says.

ALBANY, March 20.—Chester Gillette must
pay the penalty of death for the murder of
Grace Brown, his sweetheart, in Big Moose
Lake, in the Adirondacks, on July 11, 1008.
Gov. Hughes to-night refused to interfere
with the sentence of the court that Gillette
be exeouted at Auburn during the present
week.

It is expected that the sentence will be
carried out to-morrow morning. State
Superintendent of Prisons ©. V. Collins
waited on Gov. Hughes at the executive
chamber shortlyjbefore 6 P. M. to-day and
the Governor told him of his decision.
Supt. Collins at once communicated with
the Auburn prison officials.

Mr. and Mrs, Gillette, the parents of the
condemned man, left Albany for Auburn
early this morning, John H. Dugan, Gil-
lette’s Albany attorney, had nothing to
say when te learned the Governor's de-
cision.

The only new material evidence Gov.

Hughes had to consider was the allegation |

that Grace Brown had been subject to

drowning was due to one of these fits 0o-
curring while she was out in the boat with

molished this theory by a reference to

here this morning on the South division of | Gitette’s own testimony on the trial, In

refusing to interfere with the carrying out
of Gillette’s sentence the Governor wrote
the following memorandum:

On December 4, 19067 Chester Gilletie was
convicted of the murder of Grace Brown
on July 11 of that year. On February 18,
1908, the Court of Appeals unanimously
affirmed the judgment and he was then

| sentenced to suffer the death penalty during

the week beginning March 30. Upon ap-
plication for Executive clemency, and after
a careful examination of the evidence, I
reached the conclusion that there was no
ground upon which I should be justified in
interfering with the execution of the judg-
ment of the court:

A reprieve is now asked in order that pro-
ceedings may be taken to obtain a new trial
upon the ground of alleged newly discovered
evidence. It is the privilege and the duty
of the Executive to grant a reprieve when-
ever the interesta of justice require it, But
where the petition is based upon the claim
that evidence has been newly discovered
and the character of the evidence is clearly
disclosed, the Executive should not interfere
with the sentence unless he is satisfied that
the case is one in which the application for 4
new trial should be made and heard, What-
ever his power, the Governor has no right
to grant reprieves unless he can assign good
cause, and if the administration of the law
is to be respected petitions made at the
eleventh hour must show merit, If find none
in the present case.

A portion of the alleged newly discovered
evidence is to the effect that Gillette had
torn the ribbon band from his straw hat in
September, 1005, and had given if to his
coupanion. The object is to rebut any in-
ference from the absence of the interior lining
of the prisoner's hat when the latter was
found floating on Big Moose Lake that it
had been taken out to avoid identification.
This, however, is of no importance. By his
conduct both before and after the fatal event

| it is conclusively established that he did seek

Capt. Zimmerman from Grand avenue |

nett; Capt Lahey from Hamilton avenue to |

 

'

—_—_——

to avoid identification, and the question
whether or not he removed the lining of his
hat for that purpose is not of much moment.

The other evidence before me, 8o far as it
ie at all credible, is to the eflect that Grace
Brown during the year preceding her death
had “spasms” or “spelle” from time to time
in which she became unconscious, These are
described by those who knew her in the factory
at Cortland, It is testified that thie was a
matter of common knowledge among the
girls who worked with Grace Brown, There
were seventy-five girls on the floor where she
worked and t wo of the witnesses say that they

City to Sheepshead Bay; Capt. Devanney | believe that all these girls saw Grace Brown
, j have “these spasme sone of the times.” It
Capt.Tracey ; Capt, Shevlin from Ralph ave- |

is evident that the facts as to the physical
condition of Grace Brown and as to these
alleged manifestations, assuming the truth
of the present statements, were easily pro-
curable and that any inferences to be drawn
therefrom have at all times been available,

The theory of the defence at the trial was
that Grace Brown committed suicide, The
theory now advanced is that Grace Brown
was an epileptic subject and that if she had
an epileptic seizure in the boat upon the fatal
day and if during the attack she sustained
the various injuries found and fell into the
water the condition of her body as disclosed
by the autopsy might be accounted for. But
this theory ‘> wholly untenable, It is con-
clusively disposed of by the statements,
conduct and testimony of Chester Gillette
himself, If it be assumed that there was
such a seizure and fall as might be deemed
to account for the condition of the body
it is inconceivable that they should have
escaped the observations of the prisoner,
and if he had observed anything of the sort
it is inconceivable that he should have made
the statements and have given the testimony
which appear in the record of the trial.

No view of the unhappy event is adequate
which fails to take account of the proven
facts, the events preceding Grace Brown's
death, the condition of the body and the
character of its injuries, the overturned
boat with Grace brown's cape on top of it, the
disposition of the tennis racquet, the conduct
of the prisoner previous to the tragedy and
subsequently and the manner in which he
sought to explain it when defending his
life,
established facts are taken into consideration
there is no escape from tbe conclusion that a
brutal murder was committed and that the
conviction was just,

After examining the evidence now pre-
sented I find nothing in it which in any way
can affect this conclusion or which furnishes
any Justification for executive action.

Cuaries BE, Hvones.,

PREACHER'S WIFE ARRESTED

 

For Defending Herself and Her Lawn From
Jersty Cow and Her Owner.

AuBany, Ga., March 20.—The congrega-
tion of the East Albany Methodist Church
has been torn into factions by the arrest
of Mrs. A. P. Spillers, wife of the pastor,
on the charge of having assaulted Mrs.
D. W. Kirkman and the latter's son.

Mrs. Kirkman is the wife of one of the
leading members of the church.

AWaough the charge of assault is made
it is said by friends of the preacher's wife
that she only pve Ee. jf oe cod be
young son a whipping w vited,

The preacher's resi and that of the
Kirkmane adjoin, In some way Mre, Kirk-
man's Jersey cow got loose and browsed
on the parson’s lawn. Mrs. Spillers and
Mrs. Kirkman both went after the cow
and hot words arose because the cow had
destroyed some choice shrubs. Soon there
was an exchange of blows, and Mrs. Kirk-
man's fourteen-year-old son aided his
mother, but the preacher's wife held her
own and put Mrs. Kirkman and the boy to

flight.
While the fight was in progress the cow

Mrs. Spillers was arrested
ever her lawn

a lot more shrubbery, and when
she was crying ; were to receive
eye

Sun.

 

If reason is to be our guide and all the |

—_—_——_—

 

ALL POWERS AGAINST ENGLAND.

Macedonian Gituation Again Critical
—Coercion of Turkey Urged.
| Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.
Lonpow, March 20,—A white paper
issued by the Government shows that the
British proposals to restore order in Mace-
| donia met with the united opposition of
| all the Powers concerned, Sir Edward
| Grey, British Foreign Seoretary, in
'a despatch sent to the British Am-
| bassadors at Paris, Berlin, St, Peters-
| burg, Rome and Vienna expressing regret
| urges the Powers to assume a resolute
attitude against the Sultan and thereby
secure the acceptance of any proposal not
involving the disintegration of Turkey.
The despatch concludes:
“If the Powers are not prepared to as-
sume this attitude they in effect declare
| themselves powerless to secure anything,
and the concert, as an instrument for se-
curing reforms ceases to exist.”

 

 

HOPE FOR AUGUSTUS THOMAS.

Not Go to Denver?—Missourl'll Jost See
About That.
Mount Vernon, N. Y., March 29.~Au-
gustus Thomas is likely to be a delegate to
the Democratic national convention after
all through the efforts of his friends in
Missouri.

 

| home if he could not vote for his friend
! Mr. Bryan, This was his ultimatum to

much importance to the arrest of @ tramp | Gillette, The Governor effectually de-| former Mayor Edwin W. Fiske of Mount |

Vernon and former Mayor M, J. Walsh of
Yonkers, who will name the delegate from
Westchester county. They told him that
he could not go to the national or the State
conventions if he advocated Bryan ideas.
Hearing of this disappointment Mr.
Thomas's friends in Missouri got busy.
Arrangements were made in his home
| county and to-day word reached the Fiske-
Walsh combination that Mr. Thomas will
represent Missouri at Denver and that he
will second the nomination of Bryan.

FOG, DAMP AND CHILL,

March Makes a Quick Shift After Noon in
the Weather Arrangements,
| March gave the town a taste of her low
| down disposition yesterday. Fog that
tied up for an hour or more half a dozen
ships was followed by a mugginess borne in
on a southwest wind that made overcoats
| uncomfortable. The temperature got up to
| #1 degrees at 1 o'clock in the afternoon.
Then the mercury, started down the tube
gently. The breade shifted to northwest,
and the fall of temperature became almost
precipiious. {he overcoatless wished they
had remembered that it was March. Before
midnight the official thermometer marked
37 degrees and the coolness was accentuated

 

 

by a freakish wind that fluctuated between |

28 and 34 miles, It will be cool to-day and
fair if the prophets have guessed right.

| PHONE SAVES JUDGE'S LIFE.

Warned of Assassin as He Was Going to
Door to Meet Him. ,

 

SPRINGFIELD, IIl.,
request to see the Judge on important
business, George N. Johnson called at the
home of Judge George B. Watkins of the
Circuit Court of Petersburg to-day

As the Judge started for the door the
telephone bell rang and he answered the
call. He was informed by a friend that
Johnson was on his way to his house to kill
him

Sheriff Rule, who lives near by, was called
by telephone and placed Johnson under
arrest. A loaded revolver was found on
Johnson

ABRUZZI REACHES TURIN.
|

| Spends the Day With Friends in His Palace
-Going to Rome.

| Special Cable Despatch to THR Stn.

} Rom, March 29. —The Duke of the Abruzzi

| arrived at Turin at 3 o'clock this afternoon.

He drove to his palace, to which no one

but his friends was admitted.

He will probably start for Rome this
evening. He need not join his ship at
Spezia immediately, as his leave of absence
has been extended for a week.

 

 

 

HUNTINGTON OUT, HARRIMAN IN.

Southern California Trolley Systems Turned
Over to Southern Pacific Interests.
Los ANGELFS, March 29.—Henry F.. Hunt-
ington, who has controlled trolley trans-
portation in southern California, is no
longer a factor in the steam and electric
railways of this city and State.
Huntington's interests entire have been
taken over by Harriman, and Huntington
has retired permanently from the field
The transfer, which involves something
like $50,000,000, means thac the Southern
Pacific will be in control of the trolley lines
of southern California in addition to most
of the railroad lines, which have operated
as feeders to the Harriman system for years,

UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT OUT,

Frederick M. Tisdel of Wyoming State Uni-
versity Turned Out by Trustees.
Denver, March 29.—President Frederick
| M. Tisdel has been deposed by the trustees
| of the University of Wyoming, the board
adopting resolutions which, after charging
that he had been guilty of maladministra-
tion, insubordination and untruthfulnese in
university affairs, add:
“Resolved, That Frederick M. Tisdel be
and is hereby removed from the office of the
president of the University of the Wyom-

 

 

 

ing; that he be informed at once of his re-
moval, and that all salary and rights
appurtenant to such office shall upon such
notification immediately cease.”

President Tisdel bad charged the trustees
with destroying the usefulness of the univer-
sity by political machinations. He is a
nephew of United States Senator Clark of
Wyoming.

MONEY FOR FLORETTA WHALEY.

Father Left 625,000 and She's Wanted
te Hear the Accounting.

Mineoua, L. 1, March 29.—A citation
has been issued for Floretta Whaley of

| Hempstead, who ran away @ year ago with
the Rev. Jere Knode Cooke apd who at
a i wie Dom © Coearene. 5 epee
| in person or coun: ore Surrogate
| Tockson 0s the Mineola court house
on May 183 to attend the judicial settlement
| of the accounts of her Featmee Kezlah
| Whaley, as executor of the
; father, John Whaley, who died several
| years ago, leaving an estate valued at about
| $25,000,

Floretta and her sister Edna, who is also
cited to appear, were to be maintained and
educated out of the estate of their father,
and after tho Zrandmother’s death they

remainder of the prop-

 

Bie ps ae if
Mowpar, Mance 30, 1908.

Fair to-day and to-morrow; fresh 4
northwesterly winds. id

 

The playwright preferred to remain at

i
March 29.—With a

will of Floretta's |

    
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
    
  
  
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
    

PRICE TWO CENTS. ©
‘POLICE CAN FIND NO PLOT

FAIL 10 CONNECT SILVERSTEIN ©
WITH ANARCHIST MOVEMENT:

    

 

-

 

Wounded Man May Recover—Borkmag ©
Still Waiting Amiably for Arrest—@ile
verstein's Family Say He Was

Minded—Hildebrandt Not “

The anarchiste of the city whom the
police were able te reach yesterday and —
many of the Socialist leaders who headed —
the march of the unemployed upon Union
Square on Saturday, which was followed 7%
by the explosion of a bomb in the hands
of Selig Silverstein, a young Jewish tailor, —
maiming him and killing Ignats Hilde \
brandt, were ready yesterday to explain
that the unexpected violence which folk )
lowed the dispersing of the crowd by the —
police was no part of any plot for whole- ~
sale assassination. The anarchists dis- ~
claimed any hand in either the calling ©
of the meeting or ite results, and those of
the Socialists who figured in the event |
‘ decried the ponsibility that Selig Silver-

stein was one of their number,

From the guarded statements of the |
police it was made evident yesterday that
the turbulent spirit among the radicals,
if such it was that dictated the attempted
| hurling of the bomb by the Jewish youth,
| had been much subdued by the event. |
Without accepting the disclaimers of the —
| anarchists and Socialists at much more —
| than face value, the Headquarters Detectiva ©

Bureau was busy yesterday sifting the ~
| tnote surrounding Saturday's affair and
| making provision against its possible repe-
, tition 7
| Contrary to the expectations of the phy *
| sicians at Bellevue, young Silverstein did
| not die yesterday. It was announced
last night that he was in better condition —
(than on Saturday night, although there

was almost no chance of his recovery.

Although one of the youth's eyes was
| blown out by the explosion of the bomb
| in his hand, the other blinded and his right —
| arm so mangled as to necessitate ampu- ©

tation, he showed remarkable vitality 7

all day yeéterday and was rational nearly ~
‘all the time, He was sufficiently clear+
| headed at 2 o'clock yesterday morning to

give a full statement to Deputy Police
| Commissioner Arthur Woods and Assistant

District Attorney Garvan.

Silverstein was willing to talk on any sub-
| ject except the circumstances relating to
‘the manufacture of the bomb and as to
| whether others were concerned in his act.
| They learned little of value from him.

The Detective Bureau received from ©

| Capt. Kuhne, in oharge of the Brooklyn
detective bureau, a bundle of letters and

| manuscripts found in Silverstein’s room
immediately after the affair at the equare, —

| and these were put in the hands of Detective

| Raffeky for translation

Inspector McCafferty, head of the bu- §
reau, said yesterday that he had tried to 7
find Berkman at his rooms in East Thir-
teenth street and had failed. He would:
not confirm the report given out by Capt.
Kuhne on Saturday night to the effect that
Berkman's signature had been found at- —
tached to the letters found in Silverstéin’s ~
room, but he intimated that after he knew
the contents of the papers found there he
might want to put his hands on Berkman —
right away.

Berkman was found at his home by @
Sun reporter last night and told that In-
spector MoCafferty had hinted that he
might be wanted to explain the presence
in Silverstein's rooms of letters and manu-
| scripts bearing his signature. Berkman

said:

“I have not heard from the police in any
| way, although I was at home all of last
| night and part of to-day. I would be
| perfectly glad to answer any questions

 

 

they might want to put to me. I repeat —
| that I never heard of this Jewish lad who —
| tried to throw the bomb in Union Square
| and I cannot imagine what letters of mine
‘he might have had in his possession, for
I never wrote to him.
| “It is just possible that he might have
| come into posseasion of some letters that
| 1 had written to certain groups of anar-
| ohists in other cities concerning lectures,
| the publication, Mother Earth, which Miss
| Goldman and myself edit, or other busi-
| neas dealing with the ordinary affairs of
the aaarchical movement in this country.
But there certainly will not be found in
any of thoee letters anything about a con-
apiracy or an attempt to blow up the police
of this city.

*I was not invited personally to partid-
pate in any way in the march of the un-
employed upon Union Square and conse-
quently I know nothing about it. Socialists
rarely invite anarchists to take any part
in their propaganda. The anarchists had
no part officially in Saturday's demonstra- ¢
tion so far as I know.” ;

McCafferty started five of his detectives —
who kuow Yiddish and are familler witli
the East Side out upon the hunt for persona —
whom he wished to examine early yester-
day morning. For the rest of the day
there was a pretty steady stream of sus-
pected anarchists, relatives of Silverstein
and witnesses of the explosion in Union
Square, passing into the inspector's office, —
He elected to give out information oon-

' cerning what some of them only had said, 1

8. Yanofaky, the editor of Frei Arbeiter
Stimme (Free Workingmen's Voice), the
official organ of the anarchists in New York,
published at 90 Canal street, was one of the
first to be brought before MoCafferty by
his special squad of Jewish sleuthe, Yanof-

sky succeeded in clearing himself of all

complicity in the bomb explosion in very

little time. When he came out he said to
| the reporters:

“I had no trouble in convincing the head
of detectives that neither I personally nor
' any of the anarchists in this city had any-
| thing to do with Saturday's affair, I ad-
' mitted that I was an enthusiastic anarchist
‘and that all my life I have been devoted
| to the principles of anarchy, But I told
| the inspector that yesterday's meeting had
| first been scheduled for March ? by the
| Socialiste on the East Side, and that even
' as far back as that time I had through my
| paper discouraged the holding of any sugh

 

 

g-

} “My opinion and that of several ovher
| anarchists in this town is that Silverstein
| was either orazy or the agent of the Russian
| Government. He certainly was pot a
‘ member of the anarchist body. We anar-
| chiste have had our own secret police and
we have discovered that the Russian Goy-

ernment has sent people over here to