= ————

even if those allegations In reference to tho
danger at the seat of government were not
true, still these plaintiffs have not diragreed
and ‘he two houses of the General Assembly
have not disagreed with reference tothe time of
adjourment or aato the place of meeting of the
Goneral Aas oibly.”

The coup iutofceuse sete forth at length
all that has haprored inthe Frankfort ertais
and ends with sprayer for an iinmediate in-
junction.

HOW LON WALKER SERVED TIE NOTICE

This application was prosented to the pre- |

siding Justice of the Clreuit Court, who laa
Goebel man. Under the law, an injunction
could not be granted without a notice being
served on the Governor and the Adjutant
General. The news that the application had
been made was heard by Gov Taylor's friends
almost before the court had the papers and
orders were instantly fasued to bar everybody
from the Capito) grouuds, unless he could show
that he applied for admiasion on some innocent
mission, The Goebel men had expected that,
and they had the notice on the way to the
Governor even before the Governor's order
was issued.

} The notice was in the hands of Lon Walker.
Walker is a stenographer, and while he has
been from time to time In the employ of Sena-
tor Goebel, nobodyleverisuspected him of being
partisan enough to 80 offend the other side.
Lon was one of the men who enjoyed the cour-
tesies extended to the newspaper men on @
pass through the military lines, When he got

the Capitol grounds and presented his pass at
the gate, He walked rightin. He was the last
reon to get in without a hold-up, for he was
ardly inside the guard Iine when the order
came restricting admissions. He walkel over
to the Executive Building, up the steps and into
the anteroom of the (Governor's office, but no
further.

Gov. Taylor's room was guarded by twenty-
five National Guardsmen, There were armed
men in the room, too, and at the door stood the
Governor's private secretary, Mr. Todd, Mr.
Todd's place at the door is usually held by
Capt. Davis of the capital police, who is person-
ally acquainted with about two-thirls of the
people in the State of Kentucky, and he knows
their business, too, Capt. Davis was at lunch
when Lon arrived, and asked Todd to let him
see the Governor. Mr. Todd's orders were
that in the absence of Capt. Davis, no one was
to be admitted to the room, Todd asked Lon
to waita little, saying that the Governor was
busy, He did not suspect that Lon had a paper
to serve. Lon sat around, never letting on,

Finally, Capt. Davis came in, The moment
he saw Lon ho smelt a mouse, He asked Lon
his business. Lon said he just wanted to see
the Governor a moment and ask hima few
questions. Davissaid he'd see, and he went in- |
to the room where Gov, Taylor was with Gen,
Collier, He told them that Lon was outelde |
and what he suspected, and asked what he |
should do,. Gen, Cotlier and the Governor
both said, “Arrest him instantly!” and Davis
started for the door.

Lon in the meantime had suspected that the
Captain knew his mission, and when the Cap-
tain went into the inner room he got up
quickly and went to thedoor. He took the
legal notice from his pocket, together with four
tacks and alittle hammer, As Capt, Davis ap-
proached the door on the other side he heard a
knock, knock, Knock, then silenve, and aa he
threw the door open he saw the notice tacked
there and etaring him in his face. Lon was
just sliding out the door, The Captain slid out
after him and Gen, Collier wasn't far behind,
Lon got outside the building before the Gen-
pral overtook him.

“What do you mean?” he demanded. Lon
Was flabbergasted, and the General turned him
bver to the corporal’s guard and seat him to
the Senate Chambér, afterward putting a
whole company of militiamen over him.

EXCITEMENT IN THE TAYLOR CAMP.

There was a heap of excitement in the Exacu-
tive Mansion. The notice tacked on the Gov-
ernor’s door was torn down ty some one and
that waa the last seen of it. The Governor did
not see it, but he heard about it, Orders were
issued tha’ no person who was in the Capitol
groin! shoul! be allowed to leave and that no
person should be allowed toenter. Gen. Col-
lier was direeted to eountermand al! passes
and toissueno more, Absolute isolation was
the order of the day.

The news of Lon's arrest got about town
quickly. The Goebel men were jubilant.
They declared that the service by tacking the
notice on the door of the Governor's room was
a perfectly legal service and that by arresting
Lon it was atknowledged. Gov. Taylor's
friends said it was a fool thing to say that such
@ service was a legal one, and, in addition to
that, if it was legal the Governor would not
pay anyattention tolt. The Goedel men speak
of this as deflance of the courts.

The explanation may be made here that the
Governor and his friends say that the courts of
Kentucky are packed; that it is impossible to
get justice in them when the issue js political,
and that, the Judges being Goebel men; ifthe |
present controversy got before them there is
pot a doubt in the world that the decision
would be rendered in Goebel’s favor without |
even reading the testimony. They say that
they are willing tosubmit the case to Judges
who are unbiased, and for that reason they
Want to get it before the United States courts,

THE INGREDIENTS OF A FIGHT.

There is no doubt in this instance that the
Cireuit Court will declare to-morrow that the
service of the notice was a legal service and |
that the court will promptly {ssue an {njune-
tion. Then if the plan talked about by the |
prominent Democrats spoken of above is ear. |
ried out trouble will come, The duty of the |
Sheriff will be to serve the injunction, He !
says he will serve itif he can. If he does not |
succeed the members of the Legislature will |
make an effort any way to meet in the State
House, This will not be till Monday probably,
The soldiers will be on duty there to prevent |
their meeting, and, to quote one of the warm-
est friendg of Mr. Goebel:

“Then force must be met with foree. Gov. |
Goebel has designsted Lieut.-Ciov, Beekham
to oct for nie. ene, sleutenant-Governor {9
eonsidering the appointment o ap Adjutante |
General to succeéd Gen, Collier. When he de-
termines what to do and the man he wants to
appoint agreer to accept the commission he
will call, o8 Gen. Collier to. obey his orders,

en. Collier will refuse to obey them and will

removed The new Adjutant-General will
eall on the militia to ohey him, and ifthey re.
fuse all that will be left will beto raise a new
body ofmittia and take possession, and when

it comes to that, let me say, we can land 6,000
fully armed men in this capita! inside of
twenty-four hours.”

It [2 not altogether certain, it may be said,
thatthe militia whoare now standing loyally |
by Gov, Taylor will act in case the courts de-
cide that he is wrong. THE SUS reporter who
talked with officers and mon to-day got the
impreasfon that the men would do whatever
the officers or/ered them w do, The officers
will all stand by Gov, Taylor and obey his
orders so long us he is not overthrown by the
courts, but if the courts decide that Goehel is
the Governor, then they will have to choose
between the courts and Gov. Taylor, It ia
pretty certain that some of them will choose
to atand by the courts, though they know the
courts Are prejudiced.

LEGISLATURE AGAIN BRATS GORBE!

The meetingof the Leqisisture to-day was
held some time atter Lon Walker was put into
the Renate chamber. South Trimble, Speakerof
the House, said it was useless to make another
show of going tothe State House, and ao rooms
were obtained in the Capitol Hotel. ‘The pre-

vious meeting, at which Goebel was declared |

to be Governor, was admitted to be somes
what irregular, so to straighten everythin
out It was decided to have the House and
the Senate meet separately and then in joint
session. The menting of the Senate was at-
tended BF ninvtecn Senators, which fa_more
than a quorum. The meeting of the House
was attended by fi'ty-three members, which is
also more than aquorum. Of course, all the
menbhera present were Goebel
The ocrvatic members of the committee,
whieh had in charge the Gubernatorial contest,
made thelp report in cach house and it was
adopted, hen the joint session was called
and each house reported to the other what had
been done. The report was then considered
by the joint body and Goebel was formally de-
clarad elected Governor of the State

After that a motion was made that Misa |

Pauline Hardin should be made State Librarian,
This was carried by unanimous vote. Then

a hill was gotrodyead and a motion to adjourn |

th)! Momtay was made and earried
After ths meeting the Democrats said there
uli not t* any question now ubout the
legality and ‘ermality of the election of Gov hel,
ho only answer to this by the Republicans
‘Was the Issuing of a call for a caucus of the Ree

the notice he sauntered down the street toward |

emoerata, |

1 Sh DR he

ppblican members to be held at London on
fonday afternoon :
Twenty minutes after the adjournment Cir-

cult Judge Cantril! again administered the |

oath to Goebel, Those present were: Eph
Lillard, ex-Gov.. MeCreary, Arthur Goebel,
Chiat of Police Joa Pagh of Covington, Dr.
MeCormack and Mra, ©, C. MeChord, Joe
Pugh saya Goebel'’s face was flushed and his

voice cloaras he answered “Ido,” in reply to |
a

the oath, He signed bis name tn a firm hand,

Going direct from Goebel's room to Beckham's |

) Judwe Cantrill swore in Beckham also,

CROWDS BIGOBR AND NOISIER,
There were more people in the streets all day
to-day than there wore pooterday and there
were more strangers. This is regarded asa
bad sign At the hotels there were larcer
crowds than on Thuraday and they were more
noisy. They talked at the Capito! Hotel about
what they would do with Gov a
Gov, Goobel got possession and Gov. Taylor
was ousted. In the days of the Ku-Klux in
this State atringent laws were passed for the

|

purpose of breaking up the gang. These laws |
are still on the siatute books, and the Demos | railroads whereby th:

| oly o! the express bualness,

cataatthe hotel declared that Gov, Taylor
had violated them and that the moment he was
outof office he would be arrested and prose-
cuted und rthem, Thia talk was serious, too,
and some of the men who talked it were high

| enough inthe party to make It probable that
some auch plan is being considered

Another thing talked about at the Capitol
Hotel was the offer of a reward for the arrest
ofthe man who shot Goebel, Members of the
Legislature aald that at their next meeting
they wou 4d passa resolution offering a reward
of $50). 000 for the arrest of the man. |

What excitement there was during the day,
of course, was around the Capitol, From day-
Highe til! dark the soldiers were conetantly |
drilling inthe yard) Gatling enn crews drilie
along part of the day. There was a crowd out.
aide the square looking through the iron fence
at the work, and sometimes men init guyed
the soldiers and said they wouldn't do athing
to them whe: the time came.

One of the interesting things that developed
to-day was the refusal of the acei lent insur.
ance companies to take riska on the lives of
men who came to Frankfort. Several mem-
bersof the Legislature at the Capito! Hotel
gait that they had tried to have their lives in-
sured in accident companies during the last
week and that they had not succeeded.

A NEGRO-SLAYVER BET FREE

That Gov. Taylor has some grounds for his
expressed belief that Kentuoky courts are not
fair when polities are involved was shown to-
day at the trialofaman named Ireland, who
shot a colored man dead in the street the da
Goebel was shot. The colored. man rubbo
against him in the excitement of that day and
said something about having got Goebel at
ast. Ireland pulled hia guo and shot him dead,
His trial to-day only lasted a faw minutes, The
defence was self-defence and he was acquitted,

ARMS SENT TO LONDON,

At dusk to-night. the real preparations for
the mesting of the Legislature that Gov. Tay-
lor has called in London were begun. Several
hundred rifles and thousands of rounds of am- |

unition were ramoved from the State House

ere under guard and were shipped by rail to
ondon. Notlong after this was done there
was a heap of excitement for a few minutes. A
drunken Colonel stood in. the middie of the |
street near the Executive Mansion and, draw-
ing one of hia pistols, pointed itin the air and
fired seven shots in rapid succession. Then
he «drew another of his pistola and
emptied that in the same manner. The effect
of the shots on the soldiers was electrical
Every company on the grounds was hastily
surnmoned to arms, Messengers ran hither
and thither, and there was yelling and shout-
ing. The drunken Colonel waa about to draw

| another of his weapons and shoor it off when

the soldiers who were near enough to see what
he was doing threatened to lock him upin_the
guard house ff he flred another shot, That
settied the Colonel,

CLUES TU THE ASSASSIN,

Constable Says Whittaker Offered $3,000
for a Chance to Escape,

Frankrort, Ky, Feb. 2.—Sensational state-
ments were made this morning by Constable |
Harrod, who conveyed Holland Whittaker out
of the city on the nightof theday Goebel was ,
shot and rushed him to Louisville for safety, |
Harrod says Whittaker offered hima briba of
$3,000 to let him eseape, According to Harrod,
woo stands high, Whittaker said his wife had |
the money at his home in Butlercounty and he
had received it a few days before coming to
Frankfort. This is accepted by Goebelites as
proof not only that Whittaker shot Goebel, but |
also he wes hired to do 80

J. Miles, the rugged old man who
seized and held Whittaker until officers ar-
rived, said this morning he ie certain he saw
Rheriff Sutton of Whitley county jump over the
the back fenee of the Capitol grounds and
escape immediately after Goebel was_ shot,
Rutton isthe man who went crazy in Louis-
ville on. Wednesday night and while raving
declared he knew who shot Goebel,

DECLINES TO INTERFERE.

The President Decides That the Facts Do
Not Justify Federal Intervention,

Wasninotoy, Feb. 2.—The Cabinet mem-
bers assembled at the White House at 11
o'clock for the regular Friday meeting, and
diacussed the Kentucky situation, After the
meeting this official statement was made:

“The President has decided that no cause
has yet arisen to justify the intervention of the
National Government in Kentucky, and has so
informed the Governor.”

The telegrams which
from Gov. Taylor were read in the
Cabinet meeting, and all the informa-
tion at hand regarding the conditions
in Kentucky was reviewed. It was de-
cided by the President and the members

of the Cabinet that the facts as presented by
Gov. Taylor do not justify Federal interference.
It was made evident after the meeting that the
communications from Mr. Taylor contained
something besides a request for formal recog.
nition of him as. Governor, and it was implied
that the need of Federal troops was urged inthe
telegrams. After the Cabinet meeting the
President sent to Gov, Taylor an explanation
of the Government's attitude. This telegram
was addressed to Mr. Taylor as Governor of
the State of Kentucky, and so far as this sim-
ple action has any weight, Taylor has been
officially recognized by the Federal Adminis-
tration

Shortly before the Cabinet met Senator
Blackburn and a delegation of Kentuckians
went to the White House to protest against the
possible decision of the President to recognize
the Taylor (rovernment or send troops to K
tucky. Those who accompanied Mr. Black-
burn. were Lepresentatives’ Wheeler, Allen,
Smith, Gilbert and Pugh, ant former Rep-
resentative Phil ‘Thompson, The de-
eclared that any action by the — Federal

overnment of the kind suggested by Mr, Tay-
or would aggravate the situation in the State
and might lead to bloodshed and anarchy.
Senator Lindsay declined to join his colleagues
in the protest, although he believes firmly that
the Federal Government should keep hands
off. Mr. Lindsay went to the White House im-
mediately after the other members of the
State delegation leftthe President and hada
brief conference.

The unanimous opinion of the Kentucky

emoerats in the Senate and House is that
Gov, Taylor showed weakness in appealing to
McKinley and they declare this is evidence
that Vaylor cannot maintain hia position, One
member of the delegation, after the visit to the
White House, said:

“Taylor has the militia pretty well in hand
now, but the military is certain to become
demoralized on aceount of persona! convictions
among the men, Atthe best it is Taylor and
the military against the Legisiature and
the eourts, The Demoeratic Le@isiature can
pass bills, send them to William Goebel for |
signature and the courts will uphold the re-
sulting jaws, What can Taylor doin asitua-
tion like this’ He can't do nothing but keep
the State in turmoil: he can accomplish noth.
ing. Theonly question ia asto the legality of
logisiation enacted on the street instead of in
the regular meeting place.”

have been received

Prayer for Peace in a Lexington Charch,
LeEXINcToN, Ky, Feb. 2.—Prayer for the de-
liverance of the State from furthor violence

and for asp edy antl honorable adjustment of

the conditions now existing were offered here

at noon in the Fpiscopal Chureh, Bishop

Jono LL, Burton oMetatedt, Vrayers were
| offered for the reeovery of Senator Goebel

“ To Avoid Great Faults,

Beware of Small Ones.”’

So, also, if you would be free from
serious diseases, beware of the little germs
of badness in your blood. That small
pimple, that little distress in the stomach
calls for Hood's Sarsaparilla to prevent
the development of dyspepsia, scrofula,
or some other painful disease.

Dizzy Spelis —“ Sudden dizzy spells
would make my hands and side numb
| and I could not work. Took Hood’s Sar-
| saparilla and lam awell man.”’ Fred V,
Halloch, Box 94, South Kent, Ct.

Do not take any substitute when you
call for Hood's Sarsaparilla. Remember

sabaittte
Never Disappoints

|

Taylor when |
| authority.

THE SUN, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.

“CUBAN OFFICIAL CHECKED.

TROUBLE OVER THE PAN-AMERICAN
EXPRESS CONTRACT,

|

| Secretary Villalon Tried to Annul It, but
Governor-General Wood Suspended His
Order—Opinions From Cubans om the
Effect of the Foraker Resolution,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,
Havana, Feb, 2.-A misunderstanding re-
| garding the scope of Governor-General Wood's
order increasing the functions of the civil
authorities and limiting those of the military

—— oo

lon, Secretary of Public Works, to exceed his |

Ho haa published In the Gaceta

Oficial an order anoulling the contract between ,

the Pan-American Express Company and the
‘company had @ monop-

The act was inayiied by the long-continued
protests of merchanta, who alleged that the
company’s rates were 50 per cent. higher
than the scale contained in the charters of the
railroads, The charters, however, refer
only to freieht rates,as there was no express
business here when they were issued. Asin
the United States, the express rates are higher
than the freight charges. Sefor Villalon de-
cided that the best interests of the country de-
manded the annulment of the contract. Ho
notifled the company of his intention, without,
however, conferring with the military authori-
tieaon the matter. Had Gen. Wood been here
Sefor Villalon would probably have done so,
but in the Governor-General’s absence he went
ahead on his own responsibility.

The express people appealed to Col. Riehards,
the acting head oj the military estabiishment,
Col. Richards asked Sefor Villalon to suspend
action until Gen. Wood's arrival. Sefor Villas
lon replied that he could not do so, and the or-
der was published inthe Gaceta. Meanwhile,
Col. Richards communicated with Gen. Wood,
who directed that the order should be sua-
pended until his return, It 1s doubtful if Sefior
Villalon has any authority over the railroads,
The old Departments of Public Works included
the Department of Agriculture, Commerce and
Mines, Rallroads were then within its pur-
view. Since the division of the department's
functions railroads probably fall under the
head ot commerce, of which department Rius
Rivera is Secretary. This is another point for
Gen. Wood to decide,

Sefior Villalon’s mistake was natural ander
Gen. Wood's order, but it ia not believed that
the Governor General will permit the Cuban
Secretaries to go 80 faras to issne orders of this
character. If each Secretary was empowered,
without conaultation with the Military Gover-
nor, to issue orders which would be superior
to the laws of the country endiess confusion
would result. However anxious Gen, Wood is
to give the fullest swing to the Cubans in the
management of their own departments the
neceasity forone central source of executive
authority is bound to be recognized and in
sisted upon, Under Gen. Brooke's regime every
general order issued from division head-
quarters was placed on file there and was
readily obtainable.

Narciso Gelats, chairman of the Havana
Chamber of Commerce, has written to Perfecto
Lacoste, President of the Cuban Planters’ As-
sociation, declaring that the letter and intent
ofthe Foraker resolution are not carried out,
He alleges that there have been violations of
the tariff, the changes admitting crude pe-
troleum tothe protit of the Standard Oil Com-
pany. He instances, also, the landing of a new
cable by the Western Union Telegraph Com-
pany, and the establishing of differential
coffee duties in favor of Puerto Rico,
which are prejudicial to the Cuban bean
None of these changes was asked
by or was in the interest of the
people of Cuba he says. Befior Gelats says
that while he would gladly see the resolution
modified soasto permit the creation of pro-
vinctal mortgage and loan associations to as-
sistin the development of agriculture, he is
opposed toits total abrogation, He believes
that the resolution has been acheck on the
intervening Government, which otherwise
might have granted concessions that would
have been harmful to Cuba's future.

His view is not shared by a majority of the
commercial element, The Cuban Planters’
Association has been endeavoring lately by
correspondence to ascertain the views of lead-
ing Cubans in all paris of the {sland concern-
ing the advisability of urging the repeal of the
law. Many answers have been received, and
they are divided into two classes by the asso-
elution, political and commercial, Those look-
ing at the question from the political view-
point are opposed to the repeal of the resolu-
tion because of their suspicions of the Amert-
can Government. The commercial element in
the main favors modifications to permit special
concessions which vary with the opinions of
the writers.

SHOT FROM AMBUSH.
Another Kentucky Assassination That May
Have Been Political,

Mippirsporo, Ky., Feb. 2.—William 8.
Wright, ex-member of the Legislature from
Knott and Letcher counties and a Democratio
leader, was assassinated on Boone’s Fork of
the Kentucky River last night. Five shots
from a Winchester rifle were fired from ambush
and two of them took effect.

Wright was well known all over Kentucky,
At the last election he was a strong Brown
supporter and made many speeches for the
third ticket. He was a Brown inspector atthe
election.

It is not known whether the shooting was
political or not. For many years Mr, Wright
has been leading counsel forthe Ashler Lum-
ber Company. and he has made enemies among
the mountaineers, who may have killed him
The excitement is intense,

HUDSON RIVER BRICK TRUST,
All of the Plants Except Three Withdraw
From the Scheme,

Povonkeepsir, Feb, 2.—The plana of the
promoters ofthe Hudson River Brick Trust
have been modified by the decision of all but
three of the capitalists interested to with-
draw from the scheme, giving as a reason
that they could use their money more profit-
ably in other directions,

The Weather,

The coldjwave reached its lowest point in the Mid
dle Atlantic and New England States ) esterday
morning. Afters A. M. the cold was practically
(dissipated, except in northern New England. The
coldest weather reported was 24 degrees below zero
at Northfield, Vt., 12 degrees below at Duluth, #
degrees below at Chicago, and 2 degrees below at
Albany. At Boston, New York and Washington it
was () degrees abuse Zoro. There was a general rise
thronghont the day in all sections and it should
continue to grow warmer here today. The rise
in temperatnre was due to an area of low pressure
taking the place of the area of high pressure in
the lake ro gions

The weather was fair in all the States. save for @
light fallof*now in northern Ohio and northern
Pennsylvania

In thiscity the day was fair: the lowest tem pera-
ture was degrees att) A. M., after which jt urew
rapidly warmer, wind southwest
fourteen wiles en bout
per cont; barometer
WA. M.40:13,3 PM

The temperature as recorde! | official ther
mometer, and aleo by Toy 8 pometcr at the
etreet level, is eliown in the annexed table

~tfier al
woo, 18H

Ww A.M.10 in?
12M 18 22

3h. M22 ao 20
WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TODAY any To MORROW

For New éngiand ond eastern New York
duy and probiby Sundays (rok west wind,

For the District of Columbo, castera pon ay).
vania, New Jorsey, Delaware, Maryiand and Vir
ginia, fair today and Sunday, fresh wes! winds,

For western Pennsylyania, western New York and
Ohio, fair and warmer to-day; light to fresh west
winds; increasing cloudiness Sundar

averare velocity
average bi midity fifty -eieht
orpected to read tu sea level at
toot

the
N's ther

Sun's
DvOo, lowe
12. OP. Meo
1a°) » P M.22

20°12 did

Cfheva Sun's
Imo, DHO0,
27 25?

4.0?

fair te

Stops the Congh
and works off the Cold,

ve Bromo-Quinine Tablets cure a
paxatine Cure, Noway. Price 26c,~ady, "9 ome

Sa SS Sse rs Ss Ss sl sign Ss nt ie eat

THE OPERA,

“Die Melstersinger’’ Repeated at the Metro-
politan Last Evening.

at the Metropolitan Opera House was different
in ove important particular from the first per-
formance given this year. Mme, Gadski re-
placed Mme, Eames as Evo. The other roles were
again sung by MM. Van Rooy, Dippel and Ber-
tram and Mme. Sehumann-Heink. M. Van
Rooy's Hans Sacha ia evidently to be always
the same in every important particular as It
Was it ite first presentation here, There was

authorities when possibly has led Sefior Villa- | Be sheng acttaeene Mas Signs senereres®

orexecution, The baritone was found lacking
in unction, tenderness and humor when he
first revealed his interpretation of the charac-
ter, and the same deficiency
served Jast night. His singing of the musie
showed his volee in his usual beaaty

Fritz Friesericha’s masterly Beckmeaser
illustrated as comically as before the qualities
of the crabbed and scheming town clerk, It is
& piece ot lyric comedy, comparable only to
Victor Maurel’s Falstaff,

Mme Schumann-Heink was again a valiant
assistant in the proad fun these two charac
ters create, Mme, Gadski's Eva has
been heard here during the Damrosch
BeASON, er volee sounded tired last
night, but this was to “expected
in view of her grceous work during the week.
She suggested as charmingly os ever the
girlish simplicity and ingenuousness of the
Character, and she posaess-a moreover, the
German atmosphere 80 necessary to its com-
piete realization.

M. Dippel was not in good voice and the
musie of Walther was, therefore, somewhat of
astruggle for him. M. Bertram as [ogner
tings his address well, but the  char-
aeter is insignificant in — his — handa,
Apology | was = again made for M.
Breur and his performance of David was no
more effective than usual, Emil Paur con-
ducted and the general excellencies noted last
week were again an agreeable feature of the
entire representation,

MUSIC AND UEDUCATION,
Prof, Tomlins Lectures Before the Public
Education Association,

A number of school teachers gathered in one
of the rooms of the Berkeley Lyceum yesterday
afternoon to listen to the first of the Friday
lectures ofthe Public Education Association.
The lecturer wes Prof. William L. Tomlins,
and his subject was, “The Relation of Music to
Edueation.” He declared that music was the
one means in a teacher's hands through which
to get in touch with the true inwardness of
children,

“Let us imagine.” he said, “three circles,
the one within another, The outer one repre-
sents what the boy does, the next what he
thinks, and the inner one what he Ia,
Educators have heretofore directed too much
attention to what the boy did and thought and
too little to what he was. Again, the three
circles represent his pod?. his mind and his
heart. If you educate the body alone you
produce violence; the mind alone and you
produce cunning; the heart alone and you
produce sentimentality,

“Kythm is the element in music which ap-
Rpals to all men because it represents the body,
Melody represents the mind and harmony the
heart. With these you can touch all mankind
How then shall we use music to Dring out that
which is within your pupile?”

The answer to this question is to be given by
Prof. Tomlins in his next lecture on Feb. 9).

ICE PALACK WHERE A BIG FIRE WAS,
Viremen Unable to Explore D, 8. Hess &
Co.'s Building Till It Thaws,

The five-story building at Fifth avenue and
Thirty-eighth street, occunied by D, 8. Hess &
Co., furniture dealara, which was gutted by
fire Jate on Thursday night, looked like an ice
palace yesterday. The water thrown intoand
over the building froze where it fell, and it was
impossible yesterday for any one to make thetr
way through the structure without danger.
One or two flremen succeeded In getting above
the first story, but it was im posatble, according
to ID. 8. Hess, head of the firm, to make any ac-
curate estimate of the loaves, In a general
way they were placed at about $200,000, Evy.
erything in the building, which was stocked
from the cellar to the roof, was a complete loas,

There was a iake of {ce in_Thirty-elghth
street yesterday and another in Fifth aveave {n
frontofthe building Five men trom the Street
Cleaning Department were busy all day long
chopping up the ice and carting it away In
cakes, Fire Marshal Peter Seery visited the
building to inquire intothe origin of the fire,
but after looking at the ice he deferred his in-
vestigation unti! there has been a thaw.

Theonly damage done in the surrounding
dwellings, whose ovcupan's were routed out b
the fire, was at Harry Pelham Robbina’s, at 41
Fifth avenue, where a rear room on the third
floor suffered from smoke and water to the
amount ofabout $50,

BABY WASN'T A FOUNDLING,
Mother Had Forgotten It, Shopping, and a
Neighbor Had Given It to the Police,

Mrs. James Gordon of 132 East Fifty-second
street went shopping yesterday morning, lenv-
ing her month-old baby Olive in care of Mrs,
Mary Baldwin, who lives in the same house,

She sald s).6 would return in half an hour, but
when 3 o'clock came and Mrs, Gordon hadn't ap-
peared Mrs, Bali win thought she was the vic-
tim of ascheme to get rid of the child. She

ut the baby in the hall, calied in Policeman

irby and told him that the baby was a found-
ling. Kirby took the child to Bellevue Hospital,

At 9 o'clock last night Mrs. Gordon called at
the hospital in_a state of great excitement, de-
claring that Mrs. Baldwin had played her a
dirty trick, She said she had been so intor-
ested ina bargain she saw that she forgot to
go home, The hospital people gave her the
child.

CANAJOHARIE'’S BROKEN BANK,
Bank Examiner Finishes His Schedule-—New
York and Brooklyn Stockholders,

Fort Pratn, N, Y., Feb. 2.—A meeting of the
stockholders of the closed Nationa! Bank at
Canajoharie was held to-day, and the bright
outcome anticipated by depositors and others
failed to materialize. Edward Graham, Na-

tional Bank Examiner, whose investigations
caused the bank to be closed, has finished his
statement or schedule of existing conditions,
and wi! forward the same tothe Comptroller
of Currency to-morrow, the matter of reaump-
tion depending uvon the decision rendered by
the Comptroller, ‘The lack of results from the
stockholders’ meeting has caused renewed
dismay and distress in Canajoharie. The out-
of-town stockholders include William H. Davis
of New York city, 50 shares; Annetta Haynes
of New York city, 20 shares; Helen L. Willis o
New York city, 10 shares, and Elizabeth J,
Schmidt of Brooklyn, 10 shares,

Trustees of Queens Borough Library.

Mayor Van Wyck appointed the following
trustees of the Queens Borough Library yester-
day: Walter G, Frey, Winthrop Turney, Wil-
liam H. Weeks, George E. Clay, William H.,

Gibson, Preston Seaman, Edward Todd and
J. A. Loope, all of Long Island City; Frederick
W. Mar of Richmond Hit!l, Walter L. Bogart of
Flushing. David M. Talmadge of Whitestone,
James W. Cain of Bayside, Henry Brown of
Jamaica, Andrew MeTigue of Far Rockaway
and Phillip Frank of Winfleld. The first four
are reappointed, A recent act of the Legisia-
ture increased the board from four to fifteen,

| Telephone Service

at

Your Residence

Manhattan

from

$60 a Year.

Telephone service puts the whole organ.
ization of a
ends day an

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY,
118 West 38th St. 952 Broadway. 15 Dey St.

Silver Plated Ware.

We are selling Tea Spoons, plated on the
best quality nickel silver, in sets of stx, at
$3.25; Dessert ons and Forks, $1.75;
Table Spoons and Forks, $2,00, Hollow-
handled Knives at $3.75 and $4.25. Our new
paw in Tea Sets, Berry Dishes and other

ollow ware are exceptionally advantageous.

re city at your fingers’
night and in all weathers,

K. Frankfield * di.

Jewel'ers ani Ihspsrters,

§2 WEST 14TH ST.

was to be ob- |

|

TO HONOR

LAWTON HERE,

| MAJOR WEBB MAKES A SUGGESTION
Last night's repetition of “Die Melatersinger” |

|

|
'
|

|

FOR A DEMONSTRATION,

In Case the Body Is Taken to Jersey City
on the Way to Washington He and Other
Military Men Propose That an Uppor-

tunity Be Afforded New York to Testify | street, wont to Polleo Headquarters yesterday

Its Appreciation of the Soldier's Services,
Major G. Creighton Webb has offered tho
Suggestion that ifthe body of Gen, Lawton is
brought to Jersey City on the way to Washing-
ton an opportunity might very properly be

Given to the people of thia city to give further |
bublic testimony of the General's distingulshed |

services to hia country, In his letter, which is
Printed elsewhere in Tuk SUN, Major Webb
says: “The remains inight be landed atthe
Battery, brought up to the head of the city,
and thence across to the Pennaylvanin Rail-
road. A suitable eseort could be found either
in the Second Massachusetts which was in
Gen. Lawton’s Division and fought at El Caney
and Santiago, or in the Seventy-first New York
who formed a part of our division after July 6,
remaining with us until the fall of the city.”

In speaking of his suggestion Inst night,
Major Webb said, that of course, the military
authorities at Washington had entire charge
of the arrangements for Gen. Lawton’s burial,
and that he had made it fully deferring to their
plans, but in the hope of adding additional
force tothe national demonstration {n Lawton’s
honor. Tho suggestion met the approval of
al) the military men who were spoken to about
the matter yesterday. Gen, Hawkins, who ls
in command at Fort Slocum, said:

“T certainly approve of the idea very highly
It is very appropriate for us to honor so great
@ soldier and 60 fine a man, that Is, if it is cone
Gistent with the wishes of Mra, Lawton, Her
views should be taken on the subject first. I
much doubt, however, that tho body will come
to Jersey City, butif it does, by all means it
should be honored in this city and all of the
military should turn out to act as an escort.”

Gen, Charles F. Roe said: “It the body of
Gen, Lawton is brought to this city I will see
that a proper military escort is furnished, I
would like to sae the body brought here so that
the citizens of the metropolis could pay tribute
toso braveaman. I fear, though, that It is
now somewhat late to make arrangements of
this kind. Ap I understand it, my infor.
mation coming from the newspapers, tne
body will taken direct to Wash-
ington over the Baltimore age Ohio. Any
Srrangoments that are to be made to have the
body brought here will have to be made
by the Secretary of War. The proper person
to gre Re Secretary would be the Mayor of thia
city. He could in his oficial capacity request
the Secretary of War to have the body brought
to New York, I thought of this a week ago,
nut L did not feel that I was the person to
broach. the matter, owing to the position I
hold. I sincerely hope that the arrangements
can be made, however.”

Gen, George Moore Smith, ¢ommander of the
Fitth Brigade, said: "I did not know that
Gen. Lawton's body was coming to this city,
but In case it should come, I believe that the
Droper military authorities will furnish a

roper military escort forit. As tothe charac-
er of the escort 1 would not care to talk, as
that will have to be decided by the proper
authorities, I bellevethat the idea of ponoring
such a good soldi¢r anc sterling man is & goo
one and am heartily in favor of it.”

Col, Bates of the Seventy-first Regiment,
was sven at the armory last night. He
said: “Il have always considered Gen. Lawton
one of the bravest menthe Army haa ever pro-
duced, I think that [tis Atting and appropriate
that his body should be honored by having a
military escort through the city, if the body ar-
rives here and the proper arrangements can be
made with the authorities at Washington. It
is notin my power to order out the Seventy-
flrat Regiment to act aa suchan escort. I be-
Heve thatthe proper military authorities would
{save the order quickly, however, and I know
that I can speak forthe boys of the peventr-
firat Regiment whan I gay that they will gladly
turn out to honor Gen. Lawton.”

Col, Franklin Bartlett of the TF yenty-cccond
Regiment said; “It's a good idea. Tam in
aympathy with any movement to pay respect
to any officer who so distinguished himself in
the service ofthe country andto any man of
such noble characteristics as Gen. Lawton. I
ean see no propriety, however, in designating
any particular regiments in this city to escort
the remains, i any troops are turned out, the
wholeof the First and the Fifth Brigades
should be called out. All of courae depends on
what orders are issued hy the Commander in
Chief, Gov. Roosevelt, and by Gen. Roe, al-
ways taking into account that everything must
meet with the approval of the War Depart-
ment at Washington.”

Col. Daniel Appleton of the Seventh Regi-
ment said: “It is a very delicate subject forany
of the local miiitary men todiseusa thia ques-
tion, as the military authorities at Washington

ave full gharge of the funeral arrangements

will gladiy do anything in my power to fur-
ther apy planato honor Gen, Lawton if they
are suggested by the proper authorities and
have met with thelr approval.”

Gen. Avery D. Andrews said: “By all means
it would be a great thing for New York to
honorthe memory of Gen. Lawton, I! Gen,
Lawton’s body Is to f° through Jersey City it
should be brought here and be escorted
through the city. I doubt if it will come to
Jersey City, however, and even if it does I am
afraid that it is rather iate in the day for us to
be making arrangements, The people of New
York cannot do too much to honor Gen. Law-
ton, who was one of the greatest, {f not the
greatest soldier in the United States Army.”

en, Louis Fitzgerald when seen at his home,
253 Lexington avenue, was enthusiastic about
the project. He said: “There is no honor too
great for us to pay to Gen. Lawton’s memory.

y all means let the body be brought to this
city and if posatble let {t lie in state for a couple
of hours in the City Hall. While I am nolonger
connected with the National Guard in an offical
capacity, this movement meets with my heart-
jeat approval as a private citizen,”

Gen Francis V. Greene said: “The bringing
of Gen. Lawton's yoer to thia city would bea
proper and suitable thing to do. Gen. Lawton
wasone of the finest soldiers the army ever
had and New York city ought to have a chance
to honor his memory.”

LAWTON’S FUNERAL,

GEN,

Gen. Merritt in Charge of the Military Ar-
rangements in Washington.

Wasninoton, Feb, 2.—Arraugements for the
funeral of the late Major-Gen. Henry W. Law-
ton are partially completed by the War Depart-
ment. A telegram wns received at the War
Department to-day from Gen. Shafter, who is
accompanying the remains to this city, saying
that the funeral party will reach Washington
next Thursday afterneon. The funeral ser-
vices will be held in the Church of the Coven-
ant (Presbyterian) next Friday afternoon at 2
o'clock. Theservices will be conducted by the
Rev. M. W. Stryker, President of Hamilton
College, Clinton, N. Y., who will be assisted by
the Rey. Teunis Hamlin, pastor of the Church
of the Covenant, and other clergymen.

Adjutant-General Corbin and Quartermaster-
General Ludington, who were directed by
Secretary Root to select a site for the grave of
the dead soldier at Arliugton, have selected lot
841. This lot ia located on the plateau im-
mediately sou'h of the amphitheatre, at the
junetion of the road leading to the mansion
and the road from Sheridau's Gate, It is said

that Gen, Lawton, while at Arlington sey ral
years ago, pointed outa lot in an obscure see.
tion of the cemetery as the place where he
would like to be buried, This spot was ex-
amined by Gen. Corbin and Gen, Ludington
and found too small tor the proposed monu-
ment to be erected in Gen. Lawton’s honor
The military arrangements for the interment

at Arlington have not been fully completed, |

but will be early next week, It will be one of

ton for some time, Besides the Major-General

commanding the Army there will be present |

three Major-Generals of volunteers; Gen.

Wesley Merritt, commanding the Department |

Gen, Shafter, commanding the
Department of California, and Gen, John KR
Brooke, former Military Governor of Cuba
Gen. Merritt, who will have charge of the
military arrangements of the funerai, has
issued an order designating the following
military organizations of the Regular Army to
constitute the eavor: at the funers

The Third Cavalry Band end one aquadt, yn of
the Third Cavalry, un er command of Major
Henry Jackson; Light Battery M and Seve
Battery ©, Seventh Artillery, under command
of Viator Givorge G reenongh: the pieents

aptry band and a. regiment of tnautry,
snaey command of Col, Edward Moale, Fit.
teeoth intantry, and the Fourth Artillery Band
and a regioent o foot artillery, under com-
mand ot 4. John L. Rodgers, Filth Artillery.
The two reg ments of foot trons will consti.
tute a brigade under the ¢ mand of Col
Francis L. Guenther, Fourth Arcillery.

of the Fast;

What Street Ratlroads Paid City in 1899,

According to the figures of the Bureau for
the Collection of City Revenue the amounts
collected |ast year from the var ous street rail.
ways in New York city in pereentazes of
receinta on ear license fees were for Brooklyn
$24,220, an! for Manhattan an! The Bronx,
$165,080, | he Broadway and Seventh
Avenue Railroad owes $150,000, which
may be pag in atany time. ‘The Third aveaue
line paid n hing, it being in a diapute with
the city. &ne Union Raiiroad pays nothing,
nor does the Manhattan Elevated Railway,

| here

MISSIONARY ACCUSES POLICEMEN,

Bays They Failed to Arrest a Man Who
Forced His Way lnto Her Home.

The Rev. Dr. Sliver, pastor of All Souls’
Chureh, and a woman who is interested in the
work of the Friendly Aid House at 248 Enst
Thirty-fourth atreet and has been living at the
institution's mission at 201 East Thirty-third

and entered a complaint against Policemen
Patrick Mahoney and James Mallon of the East
Thirty-nfth atreot atation.

The woman said that at 4 o’olock on Tuesday
morning she was awakened by continued ring-
{ng of the door bell. Putting on a wrapper and
slippers she went to the door and was con
fronted by a man who rudely demanded admit-
tance. She told him that he had made & mis-
take, but he persisted and forced his way into
the house, In great alarm she then ran past
him down the stoop an! oailed for help, Police.
men Mahoney and Mallon came and she told
them the circumstances and demanded the
man's arrest. He had come out meanwhile
andsaid he was John Martin of Thirty-third
street, adding that he carried enough weight
In that ward todo na he pleased. The police-
men eaid that as jong as the man had been
admitted to the house they could not arrest
him. They made no report at the pulice
station,

Asa resuit of the complaint Policeman Ma-
poner was transferred to the Tenderloin and

olivceman Mallon to the Madison street station,
Both men will be tried ou the complaint,

A COINCIDENCE,

One Joseph Roasi Called by the Clerk as
Another Accidentally Enters Court.

Joseph Rosai, 15 years old of 151 Jay street,
Brooklyn, is desirous of leaving school and
going to work, but as he appears to be less
than fifteen years old, he was instructed to ap-
pear before the Department of Health and get
a certificate of his age, He wont to the County
Court yesterday to entist the services of J. G.
Ginbalbo, the Italian interpreter, in his behalf
Just as he entered the court room, the Clerk
called out “Joseph Kossi.” The boy walked
up to the bench.

Are you Joseph Rossi?” asked the Clerk.

“Yes, air,” replied the boy.

“That is not my client,” said a lawyer,

wee my name ie Joseph Rossi,” the boy
said.

“There must be some mistake,” sald Judge
Aspinall, “The person we are mon tag for is
under indictment for grand larceny. Did you
ever steal anything?”

"No, air,” said the boy. He then explained
his presence and Mr. Ginbalho left the court
room with him to get the certificate,

NO DIVORCE FOR MRB8,
Judge Leaventritt Refused to Entertain as
Evidence Recollections of Childhood,

Justice Leventritt of the Supreme Court,
who has been unusually particular about
proofs in undefended divoree actions, denied
an application for a decree yesterday in an
action of Fleurette B. Anderson against Will-
iam B. Anderson. In doing so he said:

“Teannot grant a divoree in this action, Un-
less therule requiring proof in open court in
unconteste1 divorce cases is without purpose
and unless the function of the court has be-
come merely mechanical, to receive and not
woigh evidence, ao that the mere introduction
of evidence of adultery, however unreliable its
source, isto compe! judgment, the plaintiff is
not entitled to the relief sought.”

The only evidence in the case of adultery, he
says, wes that of a young woman whose depo-
sition wastaken at Red Bank, N. J. She al-
leged an act of adultery committed elght years
ago when she was 11 years old. “I do not pro-
pose,” said the Judge, “to dissolve a marriage
tie on an unsupported and untested story
drawn from the recollections of childhood.”

ANDERSON,

AGAIN AFTER DR, MULCAHEY,

The Woman Who Says She Is His Common
Law Wife Sues for Support.

Dr. Dennis Dowling Muleahey of Newark is
again having trouble with the woman who says
she is his common law wife. She has served
papers on him in a suit for support as Margaret
Mulcahey, and avers that she is his legal wife,
because they lived together as man and wife
in this city in 1869 and 1871, when they moved
to Newark. The woman haa been known as
Margaret Woods and has a beautiful daughter
over 21 years of age, who has been known ae
Mamie Woods, and who has been trained to
call the doctor “papa.”” Several years 0 the
mother and epughier raised a row in front of
Dr Muleahey’s house in Bank street and he
caused theirarrest. Thegir) applied endearing
terms to the doctor in the police court unt
she got within reach of him, and then pulleda
hank of hair out of his beard.

Mrs. Muleahey has employed McDermott &
Fisk of Jersey City to present her case and the
doctor has until Feb, 20 toanswer,. Dr. Mul-
oahe? said yesterday that it was a case of black-
mail,

WHO OWNED THY ARCADIA?
Policeman Connoly, on Trial for Unbecom-
ing Conduct, Says He Didn't.

Policeman Bernard Connoly, who {s detailed
at the District Attorney's office, was tried by
President York of the Police Board yesterday
on thecharge of conduct unbecoming an of-
cer in that he was the proprietor, and at
times the active manager, of adisorderly resort
at 46 West Twenty-elghth street known as
“\readia.’’ Witnesses teatified that the police-
man had been seen inthe place in his shirt-
sleeves, giving orders to the walters and at-
tendants with the manner of a proprietor, and
thathe had said when questioned: “If this
gets out downtown, I’m done for.”

Connoly testified that he was not the pro-

rietor of the resortand thatthe attention he

ad given it had been for the real proprietor,
his brother-in-law, Willlam J, McKenna, He
showed a bill of sale, in which it was aaild that
the place was the property of McKenna.

The case was adjourned because of the ab-
sence of Important witnesses.

CAB DRIVER BEGS FOR MEKCY,

Councilman Brice Relents, and the Jehu
Promises Never to Overcharge Again.

Martin Hebron, the cab driver, who on the
evening of Jan, 26, got into a dispute with
Councilman Stewart M. Brice and Jocelyn
Johnstone, private Secretary to President
Guggenheimer of the Council, over the amount
of fare due to him, was before Mayor’s Mar-
shal Roche yesterday, Mr. Brice and Mr.
Johnstone complaining that he had violated
the termsof his Heense, On the night of the
dispute Hebron demanded $4.50 from them.
They offered to pay the legal price, $2.50, The
Sergeant at the West Thirtieth street lice
station, before whom the matter was laid, sald
the fare should have heen $3.50.

Hebron appealed to the complainants for
merey yesterday, He offered to pay back $1
and to apologize. On his promising never to
attempt to cheat afuro again, Mr. Brice ang
Mr. Johnstone accepted his apology and $1 and
did not press the charge against him.

PHILIPPINES,

DEAD FROM THE

The Ohio Reaches San Francisco With the
Rodies of 138 Soldiers on Board.

San Fraycrsco, Feb. 2.—~The transport Ohio
arrived to-day from Manila with the bodies of
138 soldiers who died in the Philippines. The
Ohio left at Nagasaki the transports Benmohr,
Pathan and Indiana. The last had about
200 bodies on_ board and is expected
shortly. The Ohio was placed in

uarantine on her arrival here. On her release
the bodies of the soldiers will be removed to

} o Presid whe 2 1
the largest military funerals seen in Washing: | the Presidio, where they will remain pending

shipment tothe homos of the relatives of the
dent

Have you that goose-fleshy
feeling ?

Warmer underwear !

81.50 gives good looking, good
feeling, good wearing shirt or
drawers—a price at which you
get the very most for your money,

The more expensive, somewhat
exclusive Harderfold, Deimel,
Stuttgarter, of course — every
sort to suit the shivery lean

‘keted or the warm-blooded

ull pursed—&1 to &10.

Still a goodly quantity of the
marked down overcoats in the
large sizes, 42 to 46; and small,
82 to 35—815.

Roarrs, Peet & Ca

350 Broadway, cor. Leonard.
‘AY Broadway, cor. Prince.
Thirty-second and Broadway.

AEOLIAN
RECITAL.

TO-DAY,
Saturday, Feb. 3, at 3 P. M.
ADMISSION COMPLIMENTARY TO ALI.
SOLOIST:

Mr. KARL GRIENAUER, Violoncellist.

The Holian includes in its catalogue of
music Beethoven's Symphonies; Sonatas,
ete.; all Wagner's Operas, all Sullivan's
Operas; Operas of Verdi, Suppe, Offen-
bach, Rossini, Millocker, and others;
Chopin's Concertos and Valses; Liszt's
Rhapsodies; Schubert's Symphonies;
Oratorios, Masses, Cantatas, Denomi-
national Hymns, and all Sacred Music;
Music for all Dances, and Popular Music
of every description.

The Holian can be played by a person
who has no musical education and yet
it is not automatic, The Holian simply
executes the notes; the performer gives
the various tone-shadings and tempo by
the use of stops, thus commanding the
expression throughout each selection
the same as the Director of an Orchestra.

PROGRAM:
sniie Fra Diavolo Overture
Folian Orchestrelle,
RUBINSTEIN.... graivendseas
HACKH..........

‘a.) Romanos
(b.) Humoresque Fantastique
Pianola,
COLTFERMANN............
POPPER.........

.(a,) Andante
a4 «(b.) Tarantella
Mr. Grienauer.
AMBROSE..,......One Sweetly Solemn Thought

Zolian Pipe Organ.
REINHOLD.......................() Imprompta
BARTLETTE....(b.) Valse Impromptu, Op, 106

Pianola
SAINT-SAENS
ceoese Elfentans

THE AZOLIAN COMPANY,

18 West Twenty-third Street.

NEWARK REPRESENTATIVE,
Lauter Company, 657-659 Broad St.
(Recitals Tuesdays at 3 P.M.)

Belching
Heartburn
and Indigestion

Quickly Stopped by

JOHNSON’S DIGESTIVE
TABLETS

VIN MARIANI

Mariani Wine—World Famous Tonic

Recommended throughout the world
by the Medical Profession, and durin,
thirty-flve years pronounced the mos
reliable, effective and agreeable tonlo
and stimulant. Prevents Grip.

All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes,

BLOCK ON THE ELEVATED,

The Burning Out of a Fuse Causes Delag
to Many Brooklyn Passengers.

A block which lasted for over a half hour oo
curred on the Fifth avenue line of the Brooke
lyn elevated railroad last night, and before the
cars were started the effects of the block were
felt by many hundreds of people who were
waiting for Bay Ridge trains at the
Bridge terminal Brooklyn. As in all
recent blovkades the burning out of @
fuse cause the trouble, This occurred on Fifth
avenue between the Third and Ninth atreet
stations, atabout 5:40 o'clock. Ali efforta to
inserta new fuse resulted in explosions and
showers of sparksand flames that badly scared
the trainioad of passengers. Finally, after
about twenty-five minutes, a fuse that could be
used was inserted, and the train was atarted,

Thetrain went by all stations until Atiantie
and Flatbush avenues was reached when it
gave out again, but this time the damage was
easily repaired aud the train soon went on, By
the time it reached the Bridge station there
was a great crowd waiting on the narrow plate
form, and it was close to 7 o'clock before things
were running in good order,

in

EVERY HOUSEHOLD Ano TRAVELLING TRUNK ouaNT To conraIN A sortie oO

ENO’S ‘FRUIT SALT’

A Simple Remedy for Preventing & Curing by Natural Means

All Functional Derangements of the Liver, Temporary Congestion
arising from Alcoholic Beverages, Errors in Diet,
Biliousness, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Vomiting, Heartburn
Sourness of the Stomach, Constipation, Thirst, Skin Eruptions,

Boils, Feverish Cold, Influenza, Throat Affections,

&Fevers of all kinds.

TESTIMONIAL.‘ I have been a nurse for ten years, and have nursed cases

of scarlet fever, pyemia, ervsipelas, measies,

mentionable disease, During this time 1
this [ attribute to the use of Eno's ' Fruit
pure state. I recommend it

to all my patients durin

Rangrene, cancer, and almost every
have not been ill for a single day, and
Salt,’ which has kept my blcod in a
convalescence. Ite

value as @ means of health cannot be overestimated.”—A ProrzsstonaL

Nersr (Qualified),

THE EFFECT oF ENO’S ‘FRUIT SALT’ on A DISORDERED,

SLEEPLESS, ano FEVE"ISH CONDITION

1s SIMPLY MARVELLOUS, 718, 1N FACT, NATURE'S OWN REMEDY, ano An UNSURPASSED ONE.

CAUTION, —See capente marked ewo's' FRUIT SALT.’

Prepared only by J. 0. BNO, Ltd. ‘PRUIT SALT’
Wholesale of Messra. E. FOUGERA & CO,, 34,

Without it, you havea WORTHLESS IMITATION.

LONDON, ENG., by J. 0. ENO'S Patent,
%, & #, North Willinm Street, New York.