\)

Bx

RAMPANT MONG THE

CREDITORS,

DISCORD
PURLISHE( Ss

 

Referee’s Hearing Disturbed by Threats of
Nose Pulling and Talk of Seamps and
Humbugs-Unpatd Authors on Hand in
Hellicose Mood to Demand Pheir Rights,

There was a literary symposium in the office

f Morria 8. Wise, referee in bankruptey, at 52) 4

change piace, yesterday afternoon, that for
aweet, awift, forcible brevity of expression
furnished a model of style, The occasion was
@ hearing in the case of F. ‘Tennyson Neoly, the
publisher, formally referred to durlog the pros
ceedings as “Neely, bankrupt, ‘and informally
as “rascal” and “crook,” which he bore ty
silence and with apparent equanimity, Of the
one thousand-odd persons who wish to collect
movey from him, about seventy-five were
present, who, with their lawyers, jammed the
room to suffovation. There were long-haired
authors, short-haired authors and bald-headed
authors; authors with monocles, aud with eye-
glasses and with goggles, and some few who
looked upon the outer world without extran-
eous aid; authors who have written books
about hunting lamas in the Andes, and au-
thors who have expluited in the wild
adventures of heroic Cuban maidens; Dewey
authors, Hobson authors, Queen Victoria au-
thors, Li Hung Chang authors and patient
authors who are waiting for somebody else to
do something so that they can write books
about them; authors of poems printed in
weird old type and more authors of booms
that never get vriuted atall; authors, in short,
ofall kinds, ages and conditions;
ored porte:
“Wad | want to know is, dol git ma
dollahs,” said the colored porter
That's what they all wanted to know, though
the sums varied, After Releree Wise had
called the meeting to order Davean balwards,
counsel for the trustees, explained Chit there
were finished books among (he assotsappriased
at $10,750, which ought to be soul at one
This appraizement he considered too high, but

novels

also a col.

fo'teen

 

 
   
     

the sooner the books were sold, he sid, the
greater would be the sum revived, and he
therefore asked for the trustees’ permission to
dispose of these assets as seemed best without
specific authorization from the LoL creditors
foreach sale. This would be betterthan selling
at auction, he said, and heeitedt vse of the
Rev. Madison © ers Who bad offered 8500
for the pilates of his own books anda fair price

 

for the books In stock

    

“What with the claims from authors for
copyrights, plates, Me’ said M Iwards, “the
whole matter bids fair to be soon iuvolved in

inextricable confusion
By way of beginning matters on a cheerful
basis an aged gentleman with a sharp white

     

 

 

 

beard, T. B. Connery who was at one time
United States Minister to Mexico, arose and
suggested that probably the trostees had beeu
derelict in their duty. lo his own ease, he
said, they hadn't even taken the trouble to
look up his contract. Hedidn't propose to be
puttothe expense of hiring a lawyer in so
simplea matter when it Was the duty of tl

trustees to conserve the interests of the eredi-
tors.

“Dat's what,” said the porter approvingly
“Want ina fo'teen dollahs '

The referee defended the trustees, saying
that with more thio one thousand creditors
thes coulenet examine into each individual
cas. [To was amply a case of cha

“Somebuddy please ‘splain dat law term to
Bie,’ the porter besought those around hin
“Kin I git mah money out of chaos

He wos suppressed, and the referes made

some remarks about a circular sent ou
creditors, copies of which had been brought to
the hearing by some of the authors. These
circulars were signed by “C.F Rideal PROS,
Lit..” and Carlos Martin, D. D. and purported
to be issued on the authority of the ty
This circular had been sent to each creditor,

uatees

 

and it offered to secure for acertain sum the
plates of that authors book. Koferes Wise de-
ciared that the cirealar was nauthorized by
the trustees, and that, as a hindrance to their

work, to which they were duly appointed by
a Court, it verged perilously hear contempt of
Court. Any further acts of that sort, he said,
would be promptly reported to the Court for
punishment. Hardly had Mr, Wise coneluded
when Mr. Rideal entered the room. Thomas
J. Vivian then addressed the Court, introdue-
ing himselfas an obseure author, The word
“abscure,” he said, had been applied to hin
and others in the report of the trustees

“It was the rights of the authors, not the
authors themselves, that was referred to as
obscure,” said Keferea Wise

“Pm not a sporting man.’ said Mr. Vivian
“but Pi bet $) to a Tennyson Neely contract

~and that’s the most valueless thing | know
of—that the term ‘obscure nuthors’ ts used?
It finally came out that the wording was “un
known authors,” whereupon Mr Vivian, as an
“unknown,” wanted some detluite arrange-
ment as to dividends made by the trustees
“If this goes on much longer,’ said the ref-

eree, “there won't be any aividends left The

question before isis how to get rid of this

estate with the beat profits obtainable.”
“There have been various offers made, said

r. Edwards, “One was from the F. Tennyson
eely Company.

“Oh, my Lawd!” interjected the porter, and
there was a roar of Janghter

“The offer waa part in cash and part
future prospects,” continued the lawyer
ian’t likely to be accepted.”

“The referee has referred to this circular,”
said Mr. Connery risingand pointing bis beard
atacopy which he held in his hand “It pur-

rts to be sigued by Kideal and Martin: Mar-

an
mat

fr: ), The creature seems to be aministe:
(Laughter. This precious pair of scamps’'—
“Mind what you say. sir! Mind what you
me

The interruption came from Mr. Milena, °F
Rh, 8. Lit..”’ who atood on tiptoe and flourished
a hand from the rear ofthe room toward the
speaker.

“I know what I am saying.” said Mr. Con

nery, whirling around and poiating his beard
attne F.R.S. Lit.

“T want to be heard in answer,” oried Mr
Rideal.

“Wait till I met through, then,’ returned
Mr. Connery, imperturbably, "What | was

saying was that this pair of scamps ought to be
obliged to refund the money sent tothem by
recipients of their circulars. Why, they de-

anded in most cases halfas much again as

he appraised value of the plates”

“Many a plate | done roted,’ observed the
porter sadly, “but [ don’ see how as dis brungs
me any closah to gittin mah money

Lawyer Fdwards made a pacifleatory little
speech, after which a motion was made and re-
corded, permitting the trustees to dispose of
the assets as seemed best without specifically

otifiying all the creditors, There was some
debate on thia question, most of the speeches
being in favor ofthe motion. Then Mr. Kideal,
F. RB. 8. Lit, arose and asked to be allowed to
explain his circular. “I acted as literary re-
porter and adviser to Mr. Neely on submitted
manuscripts,” said he, “and ain myself a cred-
itor for $1,600, When the failure came many
of the creditors wrote to Dr. Martin and inyaelf
and sent us money to purchase the plates,
That is how we came to send out the circulars
The wording which makes it appear that the
circulars were authorized by the trustees was
an oversight. I regrettnat misunderstanding.
We were merely trying todo eur best for the
author-creditors. I believe, myself, that when
this is all over we'll be lucky if we get seven
and one-half cents op the dollar.”

“Oh, mah sufferin’ luck!’ lamented tho

porter. “Howmany/s 7» times fo'teen dol-

lahs?” , :
“And now,” continued the BF. oR. RK Lit,

Suavely, “that all this is satisfactorily ex-

plained, Lask the gentleman who relerred to
the circular and who is, by the way, now em-
ployed by Mr. Neely, to withdraw his offensive
expressions about br. Martin and myself.”

l p.cqme Mr Connery with aleap, his beard
faisly briatiing. “L won't withdraw it,” he
cried, “I reiterate it.”

said the F. Lit.,

“You'd better not,
angrily.

“TL do, though.” retorted the author

“If he does,” Mr. KRideal declared to the
Referee, “T'li handle him in a way he won't

RK. 8

e.

“Indeed! shouted the age! but unterrified
author. ‘“Waita minute. [am in Neely's am-
ploy. But I now believe that Neely isa s:amp
too, Asforthis other person”

“Be careful,” interrupted the F Lit
“If vou repeat that I will”

“Asforhim, L say, I reiterate that he is a
rascal, and I can prove it. Why, a lawyer who
went to see this man andthe Reverend humbue
who is his accomplice”

“That wil! do.” interrupted the referee, “We
won't transform this hearing into a laundry
for the washing of dirty linen.”

For a moment there was an uproar. Mr.
Neely seemed to be the only unconcerned per-
son in the room. The porter was dancing a ji
and expressing his satisfaction that he har
“got some fun fo’ mah fo'teen dollahs, any-
how.’ Whang--bang, went the referee's gavel,
and across the sea of heads Author Connery

R, 8.

pointed adefiant beard at Mr, Rideal, F. ROS,
ve and Mr. Rideal, FOROS, Lit., breathed out
slaughter at Author Connery, When order

was restored the motion was
and the hearing was adjourned fora week. On
his was out Mr, Rideal was asked how he in-
tended to “handle” Mr. Connery. ‘How, air?”
he said, savagely. “TH pull his nose, sir.”

Here?
Mr. Ria 1 F.R. 8. Lit,
Be; ao That wou

uit and carried,

nsidered, “Well!
con! -of

 

! asked him if he wasn't going to waltfor the

court. But I'l pull it, sir, pull it till he apolo-
given.”
“But where?”
“Anywhere! Out in the hall.”
“Golly,” sald the porter. “Dey's goin’ to be

fun hyah, Betde ol’ gent'man pute up @ good

fluhit

Ale Connery was some distance back in the |
room when the FL Ro 8, Lit. quietly started for |
the elevator, As he was going down somebody

foe

“Notin this building.” sald he, "LE do not
wish to make adisturbance here, But I'l! pull
his nose sir, thiltill”’ Imagination fail tie.
he gripped the unresisting alr between bis
finger and thumb and his teeth gritted with the
fervor of his pressure

Two minutes later Mr. Connery came outand
got into the elevator. He was told of his nasal
peril.

“Lethim come!’ said he .

Fixing his nose firmly on, he strode out into
the street, with his beard pointed stiffly out to
ree sttheattack, Mr, Kideal, FL ROS. Lit, was
not ip sight,

“Sho! suid the disgusted porter, who had
followed eagerly, “Didn't even git to see a
serap! Reekon Til «9 back wn’ ast dem lawyehs
fo’ mah fo'teen dolluhs.”

POUR CHILDREN BURHED TO DRATH,
Mother Had Gone Out to Gather Wood for
the Stove,

Waite Poatns, NY, Feb. 2.—Four children
were burned todeath at noon yesterday In the
town of Lewisboro, about two miles east of
Cross River, A farm laborer, Warren E. Winus,
withhis wife Lida and their four ehildren,
Hved ina house which contained two rooms
andan attic. The children were Jessie M.,
aged © years, Jennie M., aged 4, Warren
S.. aged 2 years and months and Carrie
D., aged mouths. Mr. Winus worked
on a farm two miles from his home,

and, as was his  eustom, left the
house att) o'clock yesterday morning to gv
to worh, About noon Mrs. Winus wentto the
woods to gather wood

On her return she discovered flames
bursting out through the windows of her fittle

home, Dropping her wood she ran for the
house, She attempted to enter the kitchen,
but was driven baek by the flames, whiel

burned her face and hair She then stopped
Jong enough to get her breath and made an-
otherattemptto getintothe house, She waa
met atthe door by asheet of flame which set
firetoherdress and drove her back, She fell
pou the ground and rolled over several times
until she had extinguished the fre from her
burning dress. Just as she arose from the
ground help arrived, George Silkman.a cousin
of Surrogate Silkman of Westchester county,
lives a half mile from the Winus bome and
inthe nearest neighbor. He saw the emoke,
but no blaze, and hastened tothe place. The
house was filed with flame by this time. and
Mr. Silkruan seeing that he could do nothing
forthe children, directed his attention to Mra,
inus. A passer-by was sent for help and
soon a numberof people came to the place, In
about forty minutes the house lay tn ashes,

A watch was placed over it during the night
Coroner Charles Fb. Bireh of White Plains,
Visited the scene this morning. The children
were burned beyond recognition

IN BROADWAY,

 

SULPHUROUS TIME

Gripman and Tardy Jehu Had It Hot Till a
stick Flew With the Cuss Words,

Daniel Wright, who drives a wagon for John
Ihi & Co of 210 Fulton street, has hair of a
Violent red and a temper which he himself con-
fesses is likely to lead him intotrouble, It did
on Broadway about noon yesterday. Wright
was driving up Broadway in frontof a cable
ear, The pace of his horse was leisurely and
hs own attitude was suggestive of deep med-

itation. Behind him Metorman John Hanahan
was filing the atmosphere with sulphurous
Words and banging away on the gong in a

manner that caused pedestrians to stopand
look for the flre engines which they thought
must Le approaching, The performance re-
mained a monologue until the motorman lost
his patience and put on just enough speed to

make the car bump geutly against the end of
the wagon, Wreht awoke aud turned around.
‘wan, cubber-snali,or OU ll give yez anither
lift.’ Hanahan yelled, shaking his flst at the
obstructor
“Oh, dry up,
Wright genially
chase yoursell
fhe conversation continued in a rapidly
swelling crescendo over the next block. The
Passengers became interested and pressed
forward inthe var to take in all the details
At the next cross-street Hanahan lost his
pationce onee more and administered another
burnp tothe wagon, almoat knocking Wright
oft his seat, The latter rose np, pale with rage,
grubbeda heavy two-foot stick, and hurled it
at Hanahan with @ last loud irruption of pro-
funity
The stick Was well aimed, vut Hanahan
ducked aud the missile crasned through the
ginss in the front door of the ear ana hit
Charles bk. Valentine of 40° Broadway on the
head. Other passengers bad narrow escapes
from the. fragments of glass. Policeman
Pracht had been endeavoring fur several min-
ules to attract the attention of the irate
Wright, aud when the stick flew through the
airhe concluded that matters had reached @
crisis which required radical action He
climbed upon the wagon and placed Wright
under arrest
“Oh, your Honor, Lhev such a very bad tem-
per,’ Watled the prisoper when he was ar-
raigned before Magistrate Olmstead in the Jef.
fersun Market police court,
“| sympathize with you,” said the Magis-
trate, “but l shall have to inflict a fone of $10
to help you subdue that temper in the future ’
Wright had not $10,and his employer did
not care tu pay for him, so be was locked up.

replied
kin go

you old wire-puller,”
“If v're ina hurry, y’

a sR SS ss  SS SSSSsSSSS SS <s  —SSS

ACTOR DEAD IN THE AIRSHAF TI,

 

Fell From the Top Floor—Actress Who Had
‘ sheltered Him Arrested,

Mrs. Catherine Ramsden rented an apart-
menton the top floor of S51 Kighth avenue
three mouths ago. The other tenants in the
house heard that she was an actress out of
employment. Six weeks agoJohn Murphy of
Jowell, Mass, went tolive in the house. The
tenants understood that he Was an actor out of

employment He lived in Mis) Ramsden's
apartments up to last night,

About 7 o'clock Mrs, Ramsden, clad only ina
wrapper, rushed shrieking down stairs into
the basement, and meeting Mrs. Foloy, the
Janitress, there cried, “Jack fell down: Jack
felidown.”’ She climbed through a window
into the air shaft and Mrs. Foley, who followed
her, saw her pick up Murphy's body and place
his headin her lap. Her wrapper was soon
stained with blood.

Mrs. Foley called ia Policemau Delaney, who
summoned an ambulance from Roosevelt Hos.
pital, The ambulance surgeon said that Mur-
phy was dead, Policeman Delaney arreated
Mrs. Ramsden on suspicion because there was
blood on her wrapper. At the West Thirty-
seventh street poliee statien Mra. Ramsden
said that Murphy had tried to get into the bath-
room, but the door had become jammed, When
he could not open it he tried toclimb from the
kitchen window through the bathroom win-
low, but lost his balance and fel into the air-
shaft. She was locked up forthe night.

Joseph A. Murphy of 108 Fourth avenue, a
brother of the dead man, had the body aunt to
an undertaker’s, saving he would pay for the
funeral

|

THE MEMORIAL CHURCH AT SPEYER,

Committee Formed Here to Aid in the Col-
lection of Funds for It.

The Rev, Dr. Beyschlaw arrived in this
country a short time ago as the delegate of the
General Executive Committee of the Associa-
tion of Leading Protestants in Germany, under

whose direction aflne Gothic memorial chureh
is being erected at Speyer-on-the-Rhine in
commemoration of the protestation of the
minority at the session of the Imperta! Diet in
152 in that place against the edict of the
majority for the suppression ofthe reforma-
tory movement led by Martin Luther. The
object of Dr. Beysehlag'’s mission is to secure
contributions toward the cost of the mem-
orial church from American Protestania of
different denominations. _ Hie mission has re-
ceived the endorsement of leading clergymen,
A cominittee has been formed in aid of the ef-
fort to secure subscriptions, consisting of the
following: Whitelaw Reid, chairman; Bocesse
Trask, Treasurer; Maurice L. Muhieman, Sec-
retary, and J, P. Morgan, Seth Low, W. FE
Dodge, (Giustay H, Behwab, K. Buenz, F. W,
Holls, Morris K. Jesup, Geerge H. Moller, A,
Pagenstecher, Herman Schaeffer, Charles A.
Schieren, Samuel Sloan, Oswald Ottendorfer,
and Henry Villard

 

Policeman in the Insane Wari,

Policeman Joha Kenny of 44 Fourth street,
Brooklyn, who is detailed at the Madison
street station, was transferred last night to

Bellevue from Gouverneur Hospital, where he
had been for three days under treatment for
pneumonia and was placed in the tnsane
pavilion, He had become so violent in his de-
irlum that he was unmanageable at Gouver-
neur

Progress of the Woodruff Boom,

Ata meeting of the Union Republican Club
of King's county, held at its rooms on Thurs
day evening, Timothy... Wootruff was unani-
mously endorsed as the candidate for Vieo-
President. The Union Club was formerly the
Nineteenth Ward Republican Ciub,

Stops the Cough
and works off the Cold.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets cures cold ima one
day: No Qure, No Pay. Price 26¢—Adv,

a ee

THE SUN, SATURDAY.

MONTAGU WHITE'S MISSION,

OF

 

COMES MERE IN THK INTER ESIS
PEACK, HE SAYS,

Helieves, However, That Americun sym-
pathy for the Two South African Repub-
lies Can Be Strengthened by True Infor-

of the War,

 

mation as to the Canses
Montagu White, unofficially representing
the South African Republic in this country,

hassince his arrival here been sought after
for interviews perhaps more than any other
man in the United States. Although he is
here unofficially, and his official diplomatic
position of Consul-General of the Bouth
African Republic to London is at present inac-
tive because of the breaking off of diplomatic
relations between the two nations, Mr, White
ia still in the diplomatte service of his country,
and, therefore, has felt himself inhibited from
granting interviews on the subject of the war.
Forthe same reason he felt it his duty to ab-
sent himeaelf from the blg pro-Boer meeting
at the Grand Central Palace Jast Monday night.
He has consented, however, to make a state-
mentto Tak SUN, in answer to certain ques-
tions regarding himself and his course here,
put to him at the house of T. St. John Gaffney,
41 Riverside Drive, where he is visiting. The
statement is as follows:

“as I have been frequently asked to explain
the object of my visit to the United States I
may at the outset clearly state that I have come
here in the interests of peace. IT waa strongly
urgedito'do so by American and English friends,
Instead of going to Pretoria as was my original
intention. {t was contended that sympathy for
the two republics was rapidly growing in
America and that it could be deepened and
strengthened by true information as to the
character of the Boers and the causes of the
war. I was given to understand that the citl-
zens of the United States had been at first mis-
led by the distortions of facet put forward by
the Rhodesian or capitalistic jingo press in Eng-
land, ag well as by the misrepresentations of a
few interested and irresponsible individuals in
America. I wasurged to second the efforts of
local sympathizers in the direction of concilia-
tion and mediation, for whieh [T had vatniy
striven before the outbreak of hoatilities,

“Dr, Leyds, whom I consulted, approved of
my visitand further commissioned me to {n-
quire into and report upon the trend of publie
feviing in the States ou the South African
question,

“Cable communieation being entirely in the
hands of the British Government, it was not
possible to obtain credentials fromthe Govern-
ment at Pretoria. | have, therefore, no
diplomatic status vis-a-vis the Administration
at Washington. Atthesame time IT am con-
vinced that I am, for the present, better able
to further my cause in an unofficial position
than iff were hampered by the restrictions of
diplomatic otiquette.

“Lamacitizen of the South African Repub-
lic as well as ahead official of that State, and
every American wi!l recognize that I owe no
apology nor explanation for warmly identify-
ing myself with the country to which I owe
allegiance, I repeat, [have come here inthe
interests of peace, not to atir up strife or to
stimulate bitter recrimination, though at
times it ia impossible in stating the case of the
republic to avold expressing one's self warmly
and strongly when criticising the stupid and
blundering polley of bluff whieh ended in
what Mr. Chamberlain justly deseribead by
anticipation as an immoral war

“Lamof English birth and [am proud to have
belonged to the England of Chatham, Burke,
Giadstone, Bright andthe other champions of
morality and right in polities and poliey. Not,
however, tothe Frgland of Lord North. Mr.
Joseph Chamberlain and Sir Bilis Ashmead
Bartlett. The principles of the latter have un-
fortunately triumphed during the last few
yearsand England has not been trueto her
better traditions

“The fact that [have not been able to attend
and speak atthe various ‘pro-Boer’ mectings
will, [ trust, not be misconstrued, It is not be-
eause I Jack the courage of my convictions, for
Iconscientiously believe thetwo republics to

be absolutely in the right; this war was
forced upon them and the burghers
are fighting to retain thelr freedom and
independence. Above all, my abstention

ie not due to any depreciation or disapproval
of the efforts of sympathizers to promote the
cause of the South African States, but
one will recogoize that it would be unw
wel! as improper for me to identify myself
with any meeting where the Adm/Julstration is
liable tothe attacked, Itisa'so of importance
for me to avoid party polit'es: in facet, my
strong hope is that Republicans, Democrats
and other political parties inthe United States
will sink their differences in regard to the
South African question aud will simply voice
the sentiment of the true Ametioan in promot.
ing the cause of peace

“Teannot suffleiently thank the many friends
who have sacrificed time, business and Mnan-
celal interests in promoting the welfare ofthe
two South Africnn States by disseminating
literature as to the true facts of the ease, by
promoting meetings for theexpression of aym-
pathy and by subseribing to funds forthe
relief of sulering

T cannot close without gratefully acknowl
edging the courtesy and consideration with
which I have been treated by the representa-
tives of the presa in New York and elsewhere,

“My presence in America has aroused a cer.
tain amount of curiosity. Lo was unab'e to
grant interviews for publication, hut T have
spoken fully and freely to many journalists
and correspondents and my confidence has
always been fully respected

every

as

MINISTERS’ CONFERENCE ADJOUKNS,

Executive Committee to Carry on Work
Federation Until Next Meeting.

 

of

The conference of ministers ii) the interests
of federative actionamongchurchesanad Chris-
tlan workers of different denominations, which
began on Thuraday, ene | vesterday morning
with asession at the Young Men's Christian
Association.” President Hyde of Bowdoin Col-
lege occupied the chair. ‘The Committee on
Plan and Scope recommended the creation of
an executive committee of nine ministers and
thesame number of lavinen who sha'll have
power to add nine more to their number
and to appoint such offvers and sub-
committees as they deemed neceasary to ex.
pedite the work, The general function of this
gommittee if) Was decided shall be to
facilitate and foster communication between
local federations with eapecial reference to
supplying loval and State federations with in-
formation regarding the work in every part of
the country, to wive counsel and render such
assistunce as shall be possible in the interests
of comity and covoperation, and to promote and
ald in the formation of local and State federa-
tions. ‘The committees will report at the next
conference, to be held about a year from vow,
on a plan fora basiac! membership in the con-
ference, ‘The commitice appointed ty Dr
Hyde to nominate the Executive Comuittee
consists of Dr. Charles 8S. Thonipson, Presby-

terian; Dr. Washington Choate, Congrega
tional; Dr, T. J. Morgan, Baptist: Dr. A.B.
Leonard, Methodist Episcopal; Dr. W. W.
Clarke, Reformed, and Dr. Arthur J. Lloyd,

Protestant Episcopal.

The sixty ministers who attended the con-
ference believe that a movement has now been
started toward uniting the various local feder-
ation of churches, An effort will now be made,
it was said, by the Executive Committee to
start local federations in. places that have no
such organizations, with the object of prevent-
ing over-japping in church work and regu.
lating the number of churchea to the popula.
tion of small towns so as to eliminate de-
structive competition,

Newport House for Alfred Vanderbilt.

Newport, R.1., Feb, 2.—It was announced
to-day that the Paul A. Andrews villa had been
rented to Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt for the
season of 1900. The Andrews villa is a little
stone house at Bellevue and Narragansett
avenues and ie known as “Rocky Hall.” It is

about half way between “The Breakers” and
the Casino and will makea comfortable bach-

 

elorhall. Itis evident that Mra. Vanderbilt
will remain abroad all summer
Dusky Entertainers at Mrs, Bloodgewoid's,

Mrs, Wilbur Bloodgood of 4! East Thirty-
fourth street, gave an informal tea yesterday
afternoon, at which there was some music, A

Diatform was placed in the drawing room, and
on this Miss Scott, a colored woman, stood

while singing. 7 ° are cpeee Wh iven by
wow haeitiensinr™ mre = Hl, whe

ako

 

FEBRUARY

G

 

Its use is economical and assures the most healthful and
appetizing food.
Royal Baking Powder imparts that peculiar sweetness,
flavor and delicacy noticed in the finest cake, biscuit, rolls, etc.,
which expert pastry cooks declare is unobtainable by the use

of any other leavening agent.

BIG PRICES FOR PICTURES.

THE EVANS COLLECTION BRINGS IN
A TOTAL OF $158,390.

   

 

George A. Hearn Pays $6,300 for W ant's
“In the Adirondacks’ Martin's ‘Old
Church in Normandy" Goes for 8 200

Fuller's ‘‘Lorette’’ Bid Up to 3,600

Two successive seasons have now been
marked by very successful public salea of
paintings by American artists. The sale ol the
William T. Evans collection of American paint-
ings, Which wae brought to aciose fn Chieker-

ing Hall last evening, where it was con
ducted for three nights by Thomas” Fk.
Kirby, fur the American Art Association,
Will tako rank with the sale of the

Thomas I. Clarke collection of lust February
The collections differed materially, but the

 

two
public sales have demonstrated that Mr
Clarke, Who was the pioneer, and Mr. Fvanes,

who had been collecting American works for
less than a decade, were correct inthe belief
that the discriminating purchase of the work
of American artists would be approved event

ually byanintelligentpubjdic taste, Mr Clarke,
who bought primarily for his own deleetation,
received nearly a quarter of a million dollars
for his collection when he putituput auction, ot
tu be more nearly exact, about $244,000 Mr
Fvans, with a collection numbering 100 less

Paintings, or 270 in all, led the ploture buvers
of New Vork, Washington, Mitteburg, St Lous
and other places, to go into their pockets for
$158,400, to procure tha works he bad brought
together The ninety-one paintings sold last
evening brought $54.005, whiem, with the
$103.005 of the first two eventugs siles, makes
the total of $153,300.

When THESUN, after the first night of the
Clarke gale, said that there never had been
Quything like if in this country, there were
some amilee amongthe Philistines, who looked
fora funk belorethectose, The dealers who
had sought to decry American art. beesuse
they could make more money out of foreigu

 

pietures, the taste for which they fostered,
held aloof. The public went in and
bought the palutings. The regords of the
Fvans sale shows that the dealers at least
condescended to bw present and to buy on
orders, if not for themselves. while individua
purchasers were as numerous aa in the lve
sale of laat winter, Mio Clarkes codeetion
Was made valuable by the Innesses ani
Homers. Mr. Evans's with fewer paintings
of particular ercelence, but also a) less

number of trivial works, and presented some
examplesof high quality, mostof whieh elicited
appreciation, Which speaks in the prices paid
forthem, Perhaps as noticeable a feature as
any ofthe sale of the Evans collection was the
desire for A. HL Wyant’s works, which were
bid for with spiritou each of the evenings.
Last evening Wyant commanded the top
price of the sale His “Ip the Adirondacls,
the finest painting perhaps in Mr. Byans’s
leetion, sold for $6,000 It was bought by
George H. Hearn. The palatine was knocked
down at $6,100, bul there were two claim.

 

36th Annual Statement

OF THE

BROOKLYN LIFE

Insurance Company

OF NEW YORK,

 

|

|

January 1, 1900.
ASSETS.
By Bouds aud Mortgawes secured by
properties nearly double in value) $870.05 OO |
City and other Firat Mtge Bonds, son,715 75
Loauson Call 1750 00
Neal Fetate in the cities of New
York and Brooklyn AuB.OTS OO
Cash in Trost Co., Banksand OMee bi
Loauson Companur sown Policies D248 66
Interest Acenied but not due time 47
Deferred and Unpait Preminmes,
leas actual frllcost of collecting 24 50m 54
Potal $1,750,550 67
LIABILITIES.
To Reserve by standard of N, Y,) $1,547,184 00
Death Loases, no papers yet re
ceived 5.800 00
* Thabilities on Lapsed Policies, ete, ‘BIO 54
" Surplneby N. Y. standard (4 por
vent 148,300 03
Total, $1,750,550 67

During the Year of 1899 the Com-
pany Increased its Assets,
Likewise its Income.

OFFICERS

WM M COLF, President
FELIX CAMPBELL, Vice-Preaideut
WILLIAM A. FORD, Counsel.
D, P. FACKLER, Conaialting Actuary.
H. L. SEARS, Assistant Secretary.

OFFICES:

Brooklyn Life Insurance Co.'s Building,

LIBERTY AND NASSAU STREETS,
Rew Kork City,

Alum is used in making cheap baking powders. If you went
to know the effect of alum upon the tender linings of the
stomach, touch a piece to your tongue. You can raise bis-
cuit with alum baking powder, but at what a cost to health !

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.

ants, Mr. Kirby had accepted Mr. Hearn’s
bidand Herman Schaus thought it was his
The picture was put up again. Mr. Sehaus

dropped out and Mr. Hearn got the work he
wanted. The first bid for this Wyant was
$5,000,

George Fuller's “Lorette’’ was bid up
from 1,000 to $3,000, going to the Cor-
coran Gallery at Washington, Homer Mar-
tin’s “Old Church in) Normandy” went
up_in one-two-thres order from $1,000. to
$2,500) and $8,000) and advanced to 200
Invess'’s “Winter Morning at Montelair”
sold at $2,500, the same prices at which it
went at the Clarke sale) ROL. Newman's
“Christ Stilling the Tempest,’ which the
United States commission has asked
be allowed to show at Paris this
year, sold for$lo. ‘Tryon’s “Daybreak” was
sentup from an opening bibof $200 to SEO
The Coreoran Gallery took Theodore Robin-
son's “Valley of the Seine from Giverny
Heights” forso0 The sing!e example of Irs-
ine Wiles in th: ‘ection, his well-composed
“The Sonata,” which has been distinguished

 

 

    

 

iby awards at) exhibitions, was bid up
from S200 to S5u%), Charles Melville
Dewey's “Return of the Hay Boats”
went at the low price of $
There is no other well-known collection of

American paintings to come nuder the anctton-
eur's gavel, but the degree of success attending
the sale of the Clarke and Evans collections has

  
   

 

  

 

 

  

 

    

    

gratified hopeful friends of American ait, who
beliey that American paints best work
will be money likelvy to meet) pecuniary
appre tion commensurate with its merits in
‘comparison With some of the work of foreign
artists sold heve

The more interesting and higher priced pice
tures sold fast evening, with prices and buyers’
hames, follow
L.€ Farles Last of t Show | K

Orig aut Baru
Bogert a Show Day, tear bb Holland

r ' '
‘ lin Her DW ‘
t “ {s hear Sa nul CoM
Moon at Niagh Pische Ail

base
lhe Chafing cist AC. Hiitageh

revs 4
Hewing « ‘lads tn b hw Powe 4hu
Wryant's ‘fharly Twi bk. Me Millan ow
Keoshoe oTodian Hanter ) Ho Hareson a2
Clue soSpring Sony Ae. Hump - a)
Martins ‘Normand barn ba) Bl

dale How
bres Daybreak. oT.) Delton own
Horat Wathors Return oof tue Ploek

CGreoree A. Hear 40
Churel’s “Dron in Love b. MeMilla tan
Ranger's “Counect t Pastar FR. MeMillan 1.400
Martics Autumn the Susquehanna’ A

C. Humphreys ow
Chorvel’s “Beauty and the Beas H, Willetts 0
Innes # andscapea Near e) ltay

WoW May 4ac5
Blahelock'’s “Moouliaht.’ Wo Clause 0
Dessars | Return te the Pold HO}

Winans au
Miirplsy eo OAvtutom Landscape bo MeMillan 2.07
Low's "Harvest Proceso Hod Chisholm Teen
Wrant’s “Autuin, Keene Va Ko Hae

ahead ihe
Vy nos UOn the Seine ‘KR Beal
[nness's ‘in the Cateh bs Rob Lem
Dewers “Return oft Hay Woats a

Sumo
Irving Md The Seats s Is :

, * Valevofthe Ss ° (HA

vit ‘ a art Wasl

te

t Suusel, Sao Pa Vetd “

anaen mt)
Fostera “lonely Road R, Hoagland, Bow
Wignius's “After Wind. Ratu, BB. Me Mill
De Havens “Antoumn BPveriis ROS. Marnes 40
Dangeriield s My Lady Rhododendron,

Mrs. WH. horn uN
Mowbray’« ‘Floreal,”’ Knoedler & Co mao
Curran’s UTh ria’ Charbes OG) Gloy 0
Nvders ‘MM ight. Cottier & Co
Minors Micluisbt S, Unterimever '
Ho) Walkers Ni haw Vist W Claticon uM
Wyatt Eaton's “Revere. Cottier & Go 1 “
Chureh's ‘'Madonns va Tob. Maine 126
Tunena’s “Winter M tela vu

C, Glover 2.500
Ranwer'a ‘hast Kiver Idy to) Cars = Inst

tute, Pittabure .

Martin's “Old ¢ hin Normandy St

termey 2
Fuller’a I ette, ¢ ran Art tralle woo
Woanis In the Adirondacks.” George A,

Hearn Roe
Inneas ss “Stunmer Morning,’ W.¢ laueen 1a)

Soa
Wednesday evening = sale 474m
Thuraday evening's sale “ite
Total $155.40
MONUMENT STTR APPROVED,
Park Board Willing to Have Soldiers and

Sallors’ Memorial on Riverside Drive

The Park ition ut its
meeting « site for the
Soldiers and Sailors’ Monument at Riverside
Drive and Lighty-inth street, as recommend.
ed by the Department's landscape architect

Board passed a reso
sterday approving the

 

to,

The resolution rescinded the previens resolu. ,

tion selecting Mount Tom as the site

Temporary Injunctions on behal Mary
Parsons and Mre. Alfred Corning Clark re-
straining the commission from erecting the
monument at Riverside Drive and highty

ninth street were recently granted in the Su-

yremne Court and argument in the matter will |

ye held next Tuesday

Accused of Falsifying Lnvoices,

The Sherif has received an attachment
against John B. Pontanille, lace manufacturer,
of Le Puy, Franee, for $16,000, in favor of Ro F
Downing & Co., Custom House brokers of this
city, who acted as his Custom House agents
here., They allege that recent investiga
the Custom House authorities disclose
fact that the Invoices forwarded by Mr
tanille upon Which the entries at the Custom
House were made were false, being invariably
lower than they should have been. According
to the United States laws the plaintiffs are
liable for the value of the importations, and
the Collector of the port has made a demand
on them for $15,000 The brokers in turn
have commenced suit against the manufact-
urer. The goods were sent to F.C Carter who
is said to have about $5,000 fn his hands due to
Mr. Vontanille, and the Sheriff served the at-
tachment on Mr. Carter,

 
 
 

rs of
the

Fiditor Steel Retires.
Henry Abbott Steel, editor and oneo! the
founders of the Newark Brening News, bas rer

tired from that dail d will ret to Phila-
delphia. He and W ace M Scudder and one
or two others the paper ia 1

fon. |

 

 

M’'DONALD WANTS MORE TIME,

Announces That He Will Ask Rapid Transit

John
Rapid

Board for Another Extension,

I}. MeDonald, whose bid to build the
Transit railroad for $35,000,000) has

been accepted, announced yesterday morning

that he would not be able to qualify for the con-

tract within the time which has been allowed
‘to him aud that he would ask fora further ex-
tension of time from the Rapid Transit Com.
mission,

“Thave met with unexpected diffleulties ju
Wetting sureties,” he said, “but 1 will, never-

theless, wualify
my part.
reduction of the amount of the bond.
none of the condit

There is no fear of failure on
It ia not true that [shall ask for any
I wish

ms of my bid changed, All

IT want isa little more time to perfect my bid

T think the time which
| allernoot
That's all | bave to say to-day,

I shall ask for this
will be granted,

or to-morrow

The extension of time which Mr. MeDonald
Wiilask for imust be granted by @ resolution of

the Rapid Transit Commission

No notice of

his desire for more time had been received by
President Orr vesterday, but itis probable that
itt may be made to-day and a meeting of the

conitnission be called for Monday, or even
this alternoo:

for
Such @ requeat will not take

the commiss.on by surprise, for the possible
need of anotherextension was made plain to

everybody

when Mr MeDouald abruptly

broke off negotiations with the surety com-

panies
persone
would doallin their power to belp Me

At that time ff was announced bya
to the commissioners that they
onald

lose

to qualify and Me. Orr sald that he would favor
giving the contractor all the time he needed

I

gous such action did not prejudice the

rahtof the commission to aceept Audraw On-

derdonk's bid of Shi fine
Its other rights

OO or disturb any of
Mr Orr said yeaterday thatif

Mr. Me Dona!d could show good reasons for a

further

@éXtension of time that he, for

one,

would favor it, but that he alone eontd not de

cide the inatter
It seemed to be the general yuderstandiog
Mr.

yesterday that
Ondertonk’s bid

cond not hold
his $150,000 guaranty

the board
and

vheek for wore than thirty days without action

and that

fo no event Would an extensiou of

more than five days be granted to Mr. MeDon-

wid

will be all that he will ask for,

This amount of the, it was also said,

It was also said

that representatives of August Belmoat & Co
hhotatready seen a number of members of the

commilasion and
thine
WoW!
douk,

made an apel

the
i

dor
bid

h

would be extended,

tridge, couneel for Andrew Onder.
yesterday that if Mr. MeDonald
cation for more time, Mr. Onder
Would oppose it in the Interest of his

sald

COUNTERFEITERS' PLOT IN CANADA,

got personal assurances that |

Pour Prisoners Aecused of Planning to
Issue Forged Notes,
Mosntnear, Feb 2 —What the Puollve say is}
the greatest counterfeiting couspiracy ever

attempted

bud

n Canada hes been nipped in the

by the arrest in Baltimore of Anthony

Decker, for years an employee of the Canada

Eograving and Lithographic ¢

mnpany, Lim-

ited, and the Buelan Lithographic Company of

this

arrested tis
Hans Kuntz

and efreuiat
\

tor
the

  

ty esiles Decker the poliee have
Wile, his sun, Paul Decker, anu
‘they are charged with making
ig thousands of one-dollar coun-
cis and With making for elrewlation
ndsofcoilirs’ worth of fiveedoliar and

 

 

 
   

‘night robe before one “Jim,” in

two-doll roouuterteit bills

Paul Decker was arrested at Woodstock,
Ont. vesterday and in his possession were
found plintes, a note-printing press and all the
heeessary apparatus for printh es counterfeit
bills Mis. De r Was arrested at Hamolton
nnd Runtzat bondon, Ont, Thev are aecused
of issuing a larg timber of eounterfe:t one-
dollar Gilis Which were printed bya New Vork
printer fronia plate made by Decker, Ttis ale |
eged that they Were preparing to issue ay

quarter ota million.dollars’ worth of flve-do

lar

biils whieh were to have been printed by Kuntz

at London, but a few weeks aio he
the issue of the bills

fell iland

were delayed. Decker

Was arrested by the United States Seeret Ser-
view at Baltimore

Willinmsborge Turn Verein to Move.

The Williamsburg Turn Verein, the oldest
organization of its kind on Long Island, has
decided to dispose of all its property extending

from Ubte Th

Mesero

estreet, Inthe last tye

years there has been a trhed change in the
distriet, Gernuoshave moved away, and Bos
sian Jews have moved in. Owing to the at
sence or Germans the Tarn Verein has been

iaAble to pet
that it used to get
S$) 500for a part of

he sume rent for its property
I’ has accepted an offer f

he property froma Jewieh

society called The School of Biblical Lostrne.

tier

ing in the

The Turn Verein willereet a new build-
Bushwick and Myrtle avenue dix.

trictof Willlamaburg

| satis!

    

SPANKED HIS

DR. PICKHARDT ADMITS THIS, BUT
SAYS SHE DESERVED 11.

 

 

He Says She's a Physical and Moral Degen-
erate-—She Retorte That He’s Unreason-
able and Mortified Her by Chastising
Her in the Presence of Their Children,

A motion of Minnie W. Pickhardt for alimony
and counse) fees jn counter-actions for sepa-
tion between her and Dr. Charles A. Pickhardt,
a dentist of 210 West Fifty-ninth street, was
denied by Justice Andrews of the Supreme
Court yesterday, who saidshe ought to apply
for support tothe Magistrates’ courts,

She declares that since her marriage in 1x1
he has been unreasonable with ner, would
frequently chide her for nothing, and attimes
he would put heracross hie kneeand spank her
soundly, Shesaye that hedrove her from his
home on Dec. 10 last and placed their three
children in religious inetitutions She got the
youngest on a writ of haveas corpus 4nd the
two others were then taken to his home.
Abouta month ago, she avers, he epanked her
iu the presence of their three children, greatly
to her mortification, aud then put her out.

Pickhardt sayethata fit characterization of
his wife is that she ie ‘‘ehfld in mind and body,”

aud 80 needed the corrective measures he em-
ployed. He avers that he only spanked her five
times, and that she needed al! she got, He de-
clarea that she isa physical aod moral degen-
erate, and that other members of her family
show # physical degeneracy. His wife, he
states, concealed from him before marriage
that most of her left ear was gone, a prenatal
defect, and he says that her father walks in his
sicep. Whemany one aska the father what he
is doing at such times he returns that he is
“spinning naile’ and then goes through the
motions of hammering nails In the walls.

Pickhardt says that he and his wife set forth
on their matrimonial career in a happy way
and resided iv the old Hamilton Fish residence
at 15 Stuyvesant place. He had relatives and
patients call there, but his wife did not treat
them properly, but described them as “Dutch
pigs.’ Owing to ber erratic and eccentric con-
duet, he says, he has had to move from pluce ta
piace.

After several years of study of the Romag
Catholic Church he states that he embrace
that faith about three yeare ago, and he has
since been an object of derision of his wife on
that seore. One day «he hid a crucifix from
him and taunted him by saying that she had
burned it, When he hung upa picture of Pove
Leo XIU, she used sarcastic expressions con-
cerning it and said that he and Jeo were @
palr of devils and ought hoth to be in hell.

He tells of many occasions when she has
quarrefied with him on street cars and in other
vublic places. While they were summering in
Pennayivania he says that she caused com.
ment bythe affectionate way she acted toward
Fibert Seaman and that she had appeared ina
Bus, while
they were summering at Mamaroneck, Sha
quickly retired when she saw him and “Jim”
together, but he belleves that it wae not be-
cause of the presence of “Jim,” but in view of
the fact that her husband was atill there,
whereas she had thought (hat he had gone to
town

De. Martin Lewis Tirre)), their fopily ghyel-
vian; Mrs Anoa T. Stanton, Mrs. H. Etta Aap
bell and Mrs. Alice Whalen, made affidavits in
hbehalfof Mra. Pickhardt that they saw no evi-
dence ofmoralor physical degeneracy in her,
aud that they consivered her a good wife an

mother,

HISTORIC NAMES CLASH,
George Washington Opposing the Hora,
Benjamin Franklin Allen for a Job,

Bostox, Feb. 2-George Washington, a cole
ored Republican leader of the Twelfth Ward,
is seeking appointment as janitor of the
Historical Building, used as an adjunet to the
City Hall, The place is worth $1,200 a year,
Another colored candidate is the Hon. Isaag
Jenjamin Franklin Allen, recentiva meamber
of Gov, Woleott'’s Executive Council, Having
been a Councillor, he could not with dignity
ask for mere janitorship, although the salary
and other details of the oMce were perfectly
ctory, 89 he made application for the
of the Historical

 

“managing custodiansh »
Ballting.”

The idea,” said Mr Washington to the
Mayor this morning, ofgivine that title toa
jantforahip. Why. you world have to have an
express wagon fovarry itdown to work with.”

The Reception to Adiniral and Mrs. Dewey,
Cards are out for the reception to Admiral

and Mre. Dowey to be given by the Union
league Club of Brooklyn next) Phurdday

| evening

 

         

\0

a

   

V7
y

been Avert t9 duty iam

LD CRO
é
RYE

Sr Hates ine sro Gate

A BKirk&C

em eae

many years,

|

and it’s the best.
from reliable houses.

tp

 

enue

  

   

is the same last year, this year, and the next.
distiller more for it than is paid for any other on earth,
We sell it in its purity,

When Whiskies Galore
Are Put Upon the Market Daily

the consumer has but to stand the great mass of them aside,
Hold fast to the old reliable that hs held “tirst place” for so
You cannot make a mistake

OLD CROW RYE

We pay the

Buy only

H. B. KIRK & CO., Sole Bottiers, New York.