OF MONTANA LEGISLATOKS,

The Defence Produces a Witness
Charges Bribery on the Other side Say

$5,000 Was Offered Him by Contestants

Vestify Against Clark

Wasuisatox, Feb. 2- ‘The investigation o
the charges of bribery and corruption in
election of Mr. Clark of Montana to the Unite
BKtates Senate was continu i this morning, be

Counsel to

fore the Committee on Privilegesand hk ectlons
The first witness examined was Franeis B
Wright, Cashier of the Fergus County Bank of
Counsel for the contestants

Lewiston, Mont

en feavored to draw from him the facts relative
to the bank accounts of two members of the
Legislature, Mesara. Long and Hobson, but the
witness was unable or unwilling to disclose
anything of importance and did not produce

notes and other effects required by the counsel
He was asked particularly about one item I
Hopson's account, @ deposit of $

 

April 20, 1800, and said that it was in the form
of a letter of advice from the Continental Bank
Ho thought that at that time Hob-

of Chicago.
gon was in London

On cross-examination by Mr, Faulkner, the
witness said that Mr. Hobson was suppose {to
be worth $300,000 or $400,000 and that he

owned $15,000 of stock fn the bank,
Mr. Faulkner

I believe he did.

Y. Do you know whether this $25,000 da-
posited had any connection with that sale? A,

Ido not know.

W. W. Beasley, ono of the Republican mem-
bers of the Lagisiarure who voted for Senator
Clark, denied making any speech in his cam-

paign that he would not vote for Clark.

Q, Is it not a fact that you stated you would
not ever vote fora Democrat in the Senate if

you were elected? A, [tis nota fact.

Tho witness said that in

Clark would rise, and he gave as the reason

for hisdoing so that Clark had
written statement that, if elected, he would
vote for protection to the row materiais in
which Montana was intereste: J

The memorialists had no more witnesses

esent. and the defence then put on the
Band Thomas I. Lyon, County Attorney
for Jefferson county, Montana, He tes
tiled that last summer he met. Mr.
Jewitt, who said that he had a scheme
y which he Lyou could make a

barrel of money. He said that Charhe Clark
(the Senator's son) had promised him a lease
on one of his mines, but he was afraid that
Charlie would not keep his promise, Hewitt
said that with witness's help they could clean
up $50,000 apiece, Later on Hewitt told him
that he did not think the bluff was going to
work, but that Campbell (the attorney now
managing the case against Clark) had a barrel
of money to spend for testimony, and “if we
can't make a killing out of one side of the
Clark-Daly fight we can out of the other.”

He said, “Campbell has money to burn, and
wo are chumps if we do not get in and work
one graft.” Witness had also a little talk with

 

Mr. Campbelland repeated what Hewitt had |

told him, and Camphel! said, “We are in this
fight to win.” He wanted witness to get testi-
mony asto the bribery of members of the
Legislature from his parcof the state. Wit-

light; but Campbell said that might be over-
come and that he would see that witness was
aid. Subsequently, in another interview,

‘ampbeli said that
ness $5,000 for testimony that would show
that the legislators from his somaty got
$10,000 each. Witness had led Campve!l! on to
find out what the Daly people were doing to
injure Senator Clark.

othe Chairman—I have made no arrange-
ment with Charlie Clark for compunsation,

On cross-examination by Mr. Campbell the
witness said he was chairman of the Jefferson
County Democratic Club, and that he had
seen Mr. Tool Sad ornare about securing funds
forcampaign work,

. Did you get it? A, I did not.

8: Is it nota fact that during the session of
the Legislature there was a bargain made
between Mr, Wellcome and Mr. Luddy that
Luddy would receive $7,000 if he would vote
for Clark? A. Itis not a fact,

The question was put in various different
terms, but witness persisted in his denial. He
was examined about the purchase of some
property for $15,000, and he denied that he
had ever said it was worth only $1,500, He
was asked about his conversation with Mr,
Nolan, the Attorney-General, and he said that
at that time Nolan was pretty drunk. He
udded: “It was in the a/ternoon; and he grew
drunker as the day grew shorter,” |Laugh-

er}.

Mr. Campbell—Did you not tell me, in the
presence of Mr. Nolan, that Senator Clark had
agreed to pay you $10,0007

he witness—I neverisaid a word to you about
any promise that | was to be paid $10,000, or
ten thousand cents.

The Chairman--Did you go there with the
understanding with Charlie Clark to entrap
Mr. Campbell? A. I weotthere to understand
what Mr, Campbell was doing.

By arrangement with Charlie Clark? A.

6s.
Senator Hoar—Did you believe that you were
being offered a bribe by Mr. Campbel! to com-

mit perjury? A. At firat I did not think of that

Foppure of the proposition,
r. Campbel
to testify before this committee? Did Lnot tell
you repeatedly that we could not offer any
money to you or any other person to give tes-
tigonr before this committee?

jitness—You told me in the Raleigh Hotel
that you cculd not
were afraid | might spring atrap upon youin
this committee room and you would be ruined.

The witness wae asked his condition on the
night of the exposure, and he confessed to

having grunk some liquor,
“And Mr, Rec | :
put you to bed?” said Mr, Campbell,

“No,” said the witness, “but I put Reckett to
bed.” {Laughter
hecommittee then adjourned until to-mor-

row.

 

PENSION BILLS MELD UP,

 

Talbert of South Carolina Says None Shall

Pass Unless a Quorum Is Present,
WASHINGTON, Feb, 2.

THE CLARK BRIBERY CASE,
EFFORT TO pause paNk ACCOUNTS

Who

in the

5,000 on

Did he not sell certain mines
to a London syndicate while he was there? A,

the Republican
caucus the evening before the election he hime
self and ten other Republicans rose in reply to
arequest that all who pr yposed to vote for

iven him a

@ would guarantee wit- |

You say Loffered you $5,000
pay me now becanse you

teckett had to come around and

The first Friday night
session of this Congress was held to-night,

   

PROCEEDINGS,
Senate Bill Relating to Cuban Vessels ts
Passed—Progress on the Indian Bill,

HOUSE

 

| Wasnincron, Feb. 2 Today's session of
the House wasa business one. The Senate bill,
authorize (he Treasury officials to abate heht
. land tonnage dues on vessels ying the Cuban
| flog, thus placing Cuban vessels upon the same
* | basis as vessels of nations having regular trade
t treaties ¢ regulations with the United States,
was passe
! House bil Was passed authorizing Ue \lle

* |} gheny Valley Railroad to extend its trac ka over
the grounds of the Allegheny Arsenal, Pitisbure

‘| the company to purchase of the Government |

the strip of round to be occupied
no teported from the Committee en

Accounts was ogtreed to, authorizing the employ
ment of an additional committee stenographer
ato salary of $5,000 4 year

‘The report of the Philippine Commission, trans
mitted to the House today by the President,
was laid before the House and referred to the Com
mittee ou Insular Affairs ;

The House then, in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the further consideration of the In
dian Appropriation bill, Much time was devoted
to the discussion of the work of the Dawes Com
mission, the appropriation for which was increased
from $150,000 to 6300, 000 :

On the motion of Mr. Sherman (Rep. N.Y)
paragraphs were struck out of the bill ratifying
and coulirming the leases made by Charles Den
nis, a Seneca Lidian, tothe Erie Preserving Com
vany of a tract of land near Irving. N. Y., and by
he Seneca Nation to John Quilter of the Cata
raugus Reservation, situated in the counties of
Ene, Chautauqua and Cattaraugus, for the pur
pose of prospecting for ol

\ provision in the bill, making effective the act
of 1807, “that the Seeretary of the Interior shall,
within one vear after the passage of this act,
establish and thereafter maintain, at the city of
Omaha, a warehouse for Indiau supplies, from
which distribution shall be made to such Indian
tribes of the Westand Northwest as the Secretary
of the Interior may direct,” by au appropriation
of 810,000, went through the committee without
comment or objection .

When the item, “Support of sehools,” was
reached, Mr. Burke (Dem, Tex.) severely criti
cised the system pursued in educating the Indians
by the Government. The bill, he said, provided
support for thirty schools, coutaining a total of
6.230 children, the total amount appropriated
being 81,797,117, or an annual average of 8248
per capita. § parallel, Mr. Burke added, could
not be found in any part of the United States
The results were not only unjust to the taxpayer,
but unfair to the Indians themselves, creating in
them habits and anticipations that would prove
their undoing in the future

Mr Pitzgerald (Dem, N.Y.) advocated a re
turn to the poliey of contracts with established
kehools for the education of Indians. Pending @
conclusion of his remarks, the House took a recess
unt 80 clock

\ resolut

 

 

1

 

 

 

Army and Navy Orders,

Wastnaton, Feb, 2.—These army orders
were issued to-day:

The retirement from active service of Lieut, -Col,
Henry RK. Tilton, Deputy Surgeou-General, by opera-
tion of law, is announced

Capt, Charles MeQuiston, Fourth Infantry, to
Governors Island and thence by the transport Sum-
ner to Manila.

First Lieut. George Vidmer, Troop L, and First
Lient. Fdward D, Anderson, Troop C, Tenth Cavalry,

} exchange troops

Capt Charles W. Penrose, Eleventh Infantry, from

Milwaukee to Fort Douglas

 

These naval orders were issued:

Changes in the personnel of the Asiatic station;
Lient. junior grade) J, R. Morris of the Oregon and
| Assistant Surgeon J.J. Snyder of the New Orleans,
| transferred tothe gunboat Isla de Luzon, just placed

in commission at Hong Kong; Lieuts. A. Rust of the
) Princeton and C. R, Emrich of the Brooklyn, trans

Kong; Lient. M. E. Weed and Naval Cadet L. 8. Shap-
ley of the New Orleans, transferred to the Brooklyn,
| and Lieut. junior vrade) J, F. Carter, from the New-
| ark to the New Orleans

Lieut, P, W. Hourigan, from the Prairie to the
Navy Yard, League Island, in office of Captain of
Yard.
| Commander Harrie Webster, to additional duty aa
inspector of ordnance works of William R. Trigg
Company, Richmond, Va,

Lientenant-Commander V. L, Cottman, to duty in
the Hydrovraphic Office, Bureau of Ey uipment.

Lieut, H. 5S. Ritter, sick leave for three months,
when discharged from hospital

Lieut. W. 8. Smith, to engineer duty on the Dol-
phin instead of to the Kentucky.

Lieut Martin Bevinuton, order Jan, 80, detaching
from Kentucky, revoked

Lieut. William H. Allderdice, from the Dolpbin
when relieved to temporary engineer duty on the
Pensacola, then to Asiatic station for engineer duty,

 

Money for the Relief of Widows and Or-
phans of Boer Soldiers.

Wasutnaton, Feb, 2.—Secretary Hay to-day
received acheck for $750, representing con-
tributions to the Milraukee Wesliche Post
toward the relief of widows and orphans of
Boer soldiers. With the check was a letter
from Dr. Preetorius, editor of the newspaper,
asking that the money be forwarded to Presi-
dent Kroger, Secretary Hay will send the
check tothe Transvaal's President in care of
Ade/bert 8. Hay, United States Consul at Pra-
toria, It was stated in Dr, Preetorius’s letter
to Secretary Hay and President Kriiger that
the money wasto be used forthe charitable
purpose mentioned and the Government de-
cided that there was no violation of neutrality
in forwarding it.

Bills Introduced in the House.

Wasninaton, Feb. 2.—These bills were intro-
duced in the House to-day:

By Representative Hull of Towa—Increasing
the number ofendets at tho Military Academy
to! one for each Congressional district, Terri-
tory and the District of Columbia; two from
peck State and forty from the United States at
arge

Ky Representative Shafroth of Colorado—Proe
viding punishment for the mutilating of
United States coins,

by Representative Hill of Connecticut—
Authorizing the mints to receive foreign coin
at bullion value, and remint it into subsidiary
coin, and limiting subsidiary coinuge to $2 per
capita.

Forecast of February Weather Off the North
Atlantic Coast,

Wasminotox, Feb, 2.—The following fore.
cast of weather in the North Atlantic Oeean
during February is issued by tho Naval Hy.
drographic office:

“Stormy weather along the transatlantic
routes and olf the American coast north of
Hatteras. Fresh tostrong gales chlefly from
the western quadrants, at times reaching as
far south as the 25th paraliel, Oecasional

 

but availed nothing t pon the prelimin- northers inthe Gulf of Mexico. Trades tothe
ary motion to go into Committee of | east of the Bahamas, inclining tothe northeast,
the Whole Mr. Talbert (Dem, 8. C.), Ocoaaional fog or Wes ner OF the trans.

: atlantic routes, jonwitude 2 degrees to WH
pursuant to the notice he gave when the gen- degrees west, Icebergs and fleld jee tothe east

eral pension appropriation bill was under von-
sideration, demanded the presence of a quo-
He prefaced his action with a statement
These
ropositions of various kinds were
ponding before Congress and others advocated

v which, if
largely the

rum.
of the reasons impelling him thereto
were, that

organizations to be benetitted
they became law, would increase
oRpppcituses on account of pensions,

have no apology to offer to anybody orto

apy party for taking this

vosition.” he added,

 

 

of Newfoundland and along the eastern edge
of the Grand Banks.”

An American Drowned in Bolivia,

Wasninaton, Feb, 2.—The State Department
has been informed by Minister Bridgman at
La Paz, Boltvia,that Praneis Gates, an American

citizen, was drowned in the River Mapiri while
on his way to the Beni country in search of

‘ \
give timely notice and mean it, that so : = tx lah Geta tie re
long asI may be ableto drag myself to the Work. Fie | Serra en Tee Papers 8
cartesian peneren yn Ot ee, ra he were lost jn fhe river through, the kindness

yes : . of some indians Who Wi'nesse, 18 aceident
Dass wth are WEP Oe tocar ee the body was taken out of the waterand buried
sed must atop, It ought is aten | OF the shore.

pnocent people will be hurt, possibly, but tnat
will only accentuate the responsibility, and let
all the responsibility rest upon those who will
not come Out to see that justice is done the old
here,
oy the old soldier,
and yet they are not giving up their pink teas,
T

soldier. Look nowat this thin House

They ery aloud their love f

and poker, and all that sort of thing in ord
to come here to give pensions to soldiers.’

There were only aboutone hund
present, and Mr, VTalbert’s demand
roceedings and the rest of the time
0 the session was spent in disposing of
to adjourn and a reso.ution to send for
members. foil cails on the motion to adjourr
showed 25 in favor and (0 rst, while or
divisions of the House, wher record coulc
be made, a majority voted to adjourn

 

  

  

 

   
  
 

SWINDLING THROUGH THE MAILS,

 

 

 

     

 

 

sleeping in a rocking chair alongside the kit-
Relatives of Soldiers Who Sailed for the | chen stove terday afternoon her dress
Philippines Were the Vietimea, ; caught fire Her ten-vear-old) daughter
Wasntnaton, Feb. 2—In investigating the | Nellie tried vainly to awaken the mother
charges preferre! against KE. J. Roy of Port- and then attempted! to s ther the fire
nke Vis or rh) ae . 5
land, Ore., the officials of the P OMles De. | With a blanket ts Monae was awakened
by the flames and | screams brought neigh.
Partment have brought to light a case of fraud. | bors, w ruse ' with water while the
By some means Roy obtained the names of daughter | "i rantically te smother the |
e witht tit \\ ene \ ’ ot
soldiers embarking from rriand and Seattle ce y :  hectranhee ' he fire , fi u Mh
on transports bound for e Philippines, to. 7 erlt i ira . 2 " HACE EPOMS Rh
wether with the names eral reiatives, | shat Mrs, Manette etiet hoy pa meoveree
then addressed to the latter postal cards of es Rien whan s entire holy, with the
which the following is a sam: pacer é eae =f run her right arm. had
een 1 ! wore'use co fo om hospita
\ 4B ' 4 1s lef ?
Dian Mapa: ¥ n. wh e ‘" noe re, | and was left at home, She will die of her
from Portland tor Manila, asked me te ‘ell soute | (UF drminioes
Would write on arrival tle wa y well. | took
afine; hoto:fhim inhi. umitorn on the deck, It Anthony 5. Woods Is a Police Captain.
jee eautiful pieture tiches by neie w tue y
ship's dock fora background, Hyon would likes Anthony 8. Woods, who was formerly Chief
copy | will send iton: iptoft an reas ® , “el ong Island Clty a
order for 50 ente Please sawn io me Portland of Poll a9 M Me tsland City, and 5 \s removed
addres ' ' be tach in . DY Ox-Mayor Patrick J, Gleason in 1807 waa
Scoupieot days, Do t pia edo on the Ne rk oo “a f
a ' KOO ree bh a
Yours very trul : Kd. Me Police Board yes iav with the ¢ » by th
‘ " ink of @ape
Vu Braph Was ever son Sever me tin fis reinstatement was ordered by the
re n found ther way tothe | Ovens Sapreme Court
epartnyenue Westigatl showsthat Hoy
hat notonly delrauded t :
Bent him mone t remat urn t : : The Eexpresston of Contentment
Parthient’s reach Victor He e . » > n SUN Peo
poredly somewhere ese - Ca i rat i ron by ° as ra reeces eh Jo tha ‘el to two
pith the Cy ot fhat country are te co. ' rate oan ‘ son - ta the. Sage t he reads that
‘th the Un is ; ere pers second, Osperity he »
Eamon, ited States ia bringing him lopuu- through assoqation with reputable sae stecee
{ ) Who use its cumus. de a
be ey
iby

! members
stopped
otted
orions
absent

Congressman Alexander Out of Quarantine,

Wasuhinoton, Feb. 2.—Representative Alex-
ander of Buffalo, who has been quarantined at
the Concord apartment house for the past ten

 

to the Capitol to-
| morrow in good health

| CAUGHT FIRE WHILE ASLEEP,
|

i es ,
1 Mrs. Monaghan Mortally Burned = Little

i Daughter Tries in Vain to Save fee,
| While Mrs. Susan Monaghan, 30 years old, of
542 Metropolitan avenue, Willlamsburg, was

 

 

 

   

  

 

 
     

 

nn cmene pert imwes

ness objected that that would put him ina bad | ferred to the gunboat Doo Juan de Austria at Hong |

     

 

days because Mr, Alexander's maid was ill of |
smallpox, Was ajiowed to leave his reoms to-
night. and be expects to go

i day. No Cure, No Pay. Price 25¢,—4¢,

   

THE
PETTIGREW SQUELCHED.

NOT ALLOWED 10 TALK TREASON IN
THK SENATE CHAMBER,

The Senate Decides That Debate on His
Aguinaldo Resolution Is Not in Order
Allen of Nebraska Renews His Attack

on Secretary Gage and His Department,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— The attempt of Sen
ator Pettigrew of South Dakota to debate his reso
lution of yesterday, providing for the printing of
a paper entiled “The Philippine Commission,”

    

| the work of the committee of the Antl Impertalist

League of Washington, today met with stern
resistance on the part of Republican Senators
The point was raised by Mr. Gallinger of New
Hampstrtire that debate was notin order, and the
presiding officer susiained it, That ruling waa
challenged by Mr. Teller of Colorado and Mr.
Cockrell of Missouri, the former urging that the
right to speak under such circumstances was 4
courtesy whieh had never been violated, and the
latter entering his “solemn protest” against i
Mr Cockrell was sure that the chair eimed to do
right, but he did not beliewe that his decision was
in accordance with the universal rule and custom
of the Senate, Mr. Hoar of Massachusetts took
the opposite view, and sustained the decision on
the ground that “courtesy of the Senate” was not
parliamentary law

“It has always been known 4s a right,” Mr
Cockrell persisted, “and this is the first time I have
known it to be denied.”

Mr. Chandler asked unanimous consent that
Mr Petugrew might proceed in order

Mr. Allen (Pon., Neb.) hoped that Mr. Pettigrew
would not avail himself of the request, saying that
he ought not to accept the right as 4 gratuity, be-
cause it wasa gratuity, and was grudgingly given.

Mr. Woleott (Rep., Col.) objected to further de
bate and called forthe regularorder. ‘That closed
the Petiigrew incident

Mr, Allen offered a resolution for the immediate
appointment of a special committee of nine Sen
ators to make a complete investigation of all deal
ings and transactions between the Treasury De-
pariment and the National City Bank of New
York and the Hanover National Bank, or any
other national bank, since March 4, 1897, espe
cially in relation to the depositing of public funds
or revenues,

Mr, Aldrich (Rep., R. 1L)—Let the resolution
goover

Mr. Allen—I hope that the country will note
that the objection came from the Republican, not
from this side.

The resolution went over

Mr. Allen then resumed his attack upon Secre-
tary Gage and the Treasury Department in con-
nection with the National City Bank of New
York and the Hanover National Bank. He began
with the circumstance of the sale of the old Cus
tom House of New York, whieb, be sald, had
been sold to the National City Bank for about
$3,500,000, In any ordinary transaction, he
said, the consideration would have — been
pald, or secured, but that was not the
case in this instance. It had been currently re
ported in the press, and had not been denied that Mr,
Stillman, Presideant of the National City Bank,
had come to Washington with a check for the
purchase money; but, for some reason unknown

to the country, not a dollar of it was ever covered
into the ‘Treasury or sub- Treasury A book
account had been opened by the bank with the

Government A rental of $130,000 a year
was to be paid by the Government
for use of the building, and the Secre-

tary of the ‘Treasury had asked to have the first
year's rental included in the Urgent Deficiency
bill. Any business man, Mr. Allen said, who
had transacted his business in so loose and slip
shod & manner as this business had been trans-
acted, would) be @ bankrupt within twenty- four
months. He had not the slightest idea that an
investigation of the matter would be ordered by
the Senate

Mr. Chandler, chairman of the Committee
on Privileges and Elections, gave notice that he
would call up the Quay case on Monday next,
but after some colloquy he changed the notice
till Wednesday next

The Finance bill was then taken up, and Mr.
Aldrich (Rep, R. 1) expressed his regret that
there was no Senator ready to go on with the de
bate. He supposed that Senators on the other
side were not going to abandon the cause of silver,
as ~ sometimes saw it stated that they Intended
to do.

Mr. Bacon (Dem., Ga.)—The Senator from
Rhode Island has made such a vigorous plea
in favor of silver retaining its place that there
fs not much need of argument on this side.
{Laughter}.

Mr. Jones (Dem., Ark.)-—The bill has been
already torn to st reds, and it Is not necessary
to say anything more

The calendar was taken up and several private
bills were a, most of them setting aside
sentences of courts martial during the Civil War
These were also passed:

Senate bill toextend the privilege of immediate
transportation of duWable goods to the port of
Astoria, Ore

Senate joint resolutions recognizing the gallan-
try of Frank H. Newcomb, commanding the revenue
cutter Hudson, and of his officers and men; and
retiring Capt. Daniel E. Hodgsdon of the Revenue
Cutter Service, for efficient and meritorious serv
ices in comand of the cutter Hugh MeCulloch at
Manila .

Senate bill for the public building at Providence,
R. 1. cost not to exceed 81.500.000

House bill appropriating 860,000 for the can-
struction of a modern military hospital at Port
Leavenworth, Kan

Senate bill authorizing payment of commuta-
tion of ration to the petty officers of the Navy who
served on detached duty between March 1, 1804,
and Novy, 4, 1809

Mr. Pettigrew offered a resolution declaring
that We watch with deep interest the heroic efforts
of the South African republics against cruelty
and oppression, and our best hopes go out for the
full accomplishment of their liberties.” He asked
that the resolution go over and gave notice that
he would sneak on it next Monday

The Senate then, at 2:50, went into executive
session, and for an hour considered the interna
tional peace treaty, bul took no action on it At
4:05 the doors were opened and the Senate ad-
fourned until Monday.

 

COLD ,WRATHER UP THE STATE.

 

The Thermometer Registers From 20 to 28
Below Zero,

SanatoGca, Feb. 2.—It was the coldest of the
winter in the upper Hudson and lower Adiron-
dack region this morning. The mereury in
Saratoga fell to 20 below zero, Fort Edward, 23
helow; North Creek, ; Whitehall, 26, and
Smithsbasin, 28 below. Fxeellent tee from
twelve to twenty-five inches in thickness is
available for harvest from the lakes, and the
supply of river ice is also assured, Lumberin
inthe North Woods is now at its height anc
scores of contracts for paper mills are being
filed

Troy, Feb, 2.—-To-dav was the coldest Tro-
juns have experienced in several years: it was
10 below in the morning. At Sandiake it was
20 below,

  

OBITUARY,

Frederick Bastable, owner and builder of the
Bastable bloek and theatre in Syracuse, died
in that city yesterday of cancer of the liver,
He wasa native of Dorsetshire. England, and
had tived in Svracuse since 1870. He left ex.
tensive property, his fortune of $1,000,000 hav-
ing been inherited from his uncle and foster-
father, the late Stephen Bastable

 

Dr. Ernest G. Metcalfe died yesterday at his
home, 245 Hooper street. Williamsburg, of
| Bright's disease, alter on Hlness of ten days
He was born in Canada 40 years ago,
From ISS to L888 he was a Civil Service
Commissioner.

John T. Murray, former Surrogate. of

 

} retir

Niagara county, and the oldest lawyer in that
county, diedon Thursday in Lockport, aged
7), He was born at Pompey Hill, \ oY, and
his aunt, Mrs. Jerome, was the grandmother
of Lady Randolph Churehill

James M. burt, the shoe merchant, who
{from business four years ago, died on
Thursday, atthe home of his daughter, Mrs,
Thomas B, Stearns, at Denver, Col, in his sev-
enty-seventh y His home had been in
Brooklyn before he went to Colorado

isaac Rosenwald, for many years prominent
in the tobacco trade, died yesterday at his
home, 44 East Sixticth street, He was55 years
ol, and. wos President of the Tohaeco
Board of Trace for Years. Hea was uleo Presi-
dent of the Southern National Bank.

 

 
  
  

  

  

Mrs. Emma (¢ Polhemus, the widow of
John Polhemus, died at her home, 125 Madi.
6 wwenue, Flushing, Lo 1, yesterday ip her
forty-ninth ve The tuneral will be held

 

at her home at
noon

William Rogers Gardner, who for
twenty-flve years was in the b
partment of Tiffany & Co,
heart disease at his home
street, on Thursday evening

Former Councilinan Francis i), Marsh died at
his home, O15 Madison avenue, Piaintleld, N
J, on Thursday evening from Bright's disease,

2:30 o'clock to-morrow alter-

nearly
okkeeping de-
died sucdenty of
0 Weat Twelfth

  

He was born in that eh von Nov. 2) 1845
James A. Bil died o! beart disease at Lyme,
Conu..on Thursday. He was state Shelitish

Commissioner, and Was born in Lyme, Mareh
20, 1sl7

Stops the Coug)
aud works off the ‘Cola,

Laxative Bromo-Qainine Tablota cure a cold in cae
vs

 

 

SUN,

dst oooh

   
  

TWO CLUBMEN EXPELLED,

Old-Timers Made Uncomfortable by Former
Officials Gallagher and Streeton,

The Uckford Club of Williamsburg has ex-
pelled its former President, George Gallogher,
and also John Streeton, last year's Treasurer,
Ithas been known for some time that there
was trouble brewing in that organization,
Members who have belonged to the club since
its formation fully aquarter of a century ago
and who have steadfastly followed its tradi-
tions have been strongly objecting to methods
which had recently made their appearance

The Eckford Club isan evolution of the old
Fekford Baseball team,which, in the early days
of that game, was invincible and had a wire
fame. In forming the club the object was to
preserve the relies and trophies of the ball
team and to carry out the Bohemian ideas of
comradeship which existed then, Recently,
however, there came a change which Jed to the
Present trouble

George Gallagher was clected President and
John Streeton Treasurer, They remodelled the
clubrooms at (> Broadway and had them hand-
somely decorated and painted. A new and
costly carpet was laid on the floor, Fine up-
holstered chairs and couches replaced the old-
fashioned furnishings, and an old piano, res
vered ana beloved by the old timers because of
its associations, Was banished from the place,
The relies and trophies were taken from their
resting places on the walls and placed in mod-
ern and more beautiful receptacles.

All of this was galling to the old-timers and
they saidso, Many of them stayed away from
the clubhouse. Matters caine to a crisis later
when an old-fashioned eak party which
was planned was turned down by the new
oMcials ou the ground that it might result in
damage to the carpet and furniture, This was
followed by new rules and regulations re-
stricting the old-timers, From being
apathetio they got into a fl@hting mood,
There were frequent consultations among
them and just belore the regular election
of offleers last month they did a lot of
quiet) electioneering. This ended in the
complete turning down of the progressive
element and the selection of Frank KE OReilly
as President and Edward E, Blohm as Treas-
urer, These officials in the new order of things
called for reports of their stewardship from
Mr. Gallagher and Mr Streetun, There were
some unpleasant interviews and troubles fol-
lowed which Jed the new officials to prefer
charges against their pre lecessors,

On Thursday night at the regular meeting of
tho club, a committee which had been ap
pointed to investigate made a report, The re-
port was read by ex-Assemblyman William
Melody, It advised the expulsion of Gallagher
and Streeton “for the good of the club It al-
leged that they had been working against the
best interests of the club; that they bad tried
to get a number of members to resign and that
they had refused to make proper reports re-
garding club affairs. With but little discussion
the lub members adopted the report and for-
mally expelled Gallagher and Streeton,

Mr. Gallagher was not inclined to accept the
expulsion gracefully and ins sted that he bad
been treated unfairly, He talks of having the
matter reconsidere |, Mr, Streeton when told
of his expulsion merely walked out of the club-
house,

“As a matter of fact,” said a trustee last
night, “our club is taking on a new lease of
life now. There are two. signifleant things
that have happened. One is that we have re-
ceived five new applications for membership
and the otheris that we are going to havea
beefsteak party right away.’

  

 

 

FRENCH GENERAL STAFF ACCUSED,

Huge Sums of Money Alleged by a Come
mittee to Be Unaccounted For,
Special (able Desnatch to Tar Sux

Pants, Feb, 2.—The Parliamentary Finance
Committee wil! to-morrow issue its report on
the army expenditures, It is stated that it will
be a startling revelation of gross abuses on the
part of the General Staff.

Huge sums of money are unaccounted for,
and there are other great irregularities. The
report will state that there are too many Gen-
erals, and will strongly criticise the army ad-
ministration,

 

RUSSTA'S SUCCESS IN PERSIA,

The Czar’s Foreign Policy in Connection
With the Transvaal Situation,

Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sen.
Beauty, Feb. 2.~The Cologne Gazette says in
an article on the completion of the Persian
gold loan that the success of Russia’s foreign
policy in connection with the Transvaal situa-
tion isapparent. There is no reason why Ger-
many should oppose the development of events
in Persia, asa great German enterprise, the
Bagdad Railway, will largely benefit thereby.

GERMANY’S INCKEASED

The Emperor Gratified by the German Peo-
ple’s Approval of His Plans,

Spreial Cable Desffatch to Tae SuN
Bexuin, Feb. 2.-The Emperor William said
in responding to some birthday congratula-
tions that he noted with special satisfaction
the appreciation among the people of the
urgent necessity of creating a fleet corre-
sponding in strength to the position held bythe
Empire,

NAVY,

Death at a Glove Contest in London,
Spectal Cabte Vespa'ch to Tak Sun
Lonpow, Feb. 2.—An inquest was held to-day
in the case of Michael Riley, who died from in-
juries received in a glove contest at the National
Sporting Clubon Jan. 24, The jury rendered
a verdict of accidental death,

Heavier Duties on American Oils Asked,
Speeral Coble Despatch to THe Sux.

Panis, Feb, 2.—During a discussion in the
Chamber of Deputies to-day M, Jean Dupuy,
Minister of Agriculture, made a strong appeal
for the imposition of heavier duties on Amerie
can oils imported into France, and especially
on cottonseed oil.

Free List for the Island of Guam,

Wasnutseton, Feb, 2.—Charles H, Allen, As-
sistant Secretary of the Navy, has promulgated
an order of the President providing a customs
tariff for the island of Guam. he free list ine
cludes animals, brieks, carts and hand-carts,
cement, charcoal, ehromolithographs, raw ents
ton, cotton Yarns and threads, cotton gloves,
engravings, fertilizers, quinine, periodicals,
lime, machinery of ali kinds, including plans,
hoes, hatehets, machetes and otheragricultural
implements, Carriages, theatrical parapherna-
lia and costumes, Wearing apparel, articles of
ots, &e., imported by travellers
in their duggages; school supplies and eoal and
coke, The general jines of the tari? are the
sameas that ineffectin the Philippines, though
lower in some [natances,

    

   

personal tse, be

Large Fire Loss in Youngstown,

Younastown, Ohio, Feb, 2.—The three-story
brick buildings occupied by the J. N. Euwers
Sons Company and McElroy & Co. were burned
this morning, The department store of GM.
MeKeivey A Co. was badiy damaged. The
origin of the flre fs a mystery. The loss is
nearly F400,000.

A Chicago Spice House Buroed,

Catcaco, Feb. 2.—The spice house of Sprague,

Warner & Covat Randolph street and Michigan
avenue, Wis damaged by itre to-day to the ex.
tent of $175,000, Of this amount $35,000 was
on the buliding and the rest on the stock,

Asphyxiated by Gas.
SARATOGA, Feb, 2.-
manufacturer,

found asphyxiated by gas in his room at the
rning

Jobn Coleman, a cigar
formerly of Newark, N. J., was

 

Commercial Hotel this ta

on 6
Uutty’s
Pure
Bialt

Wi es
hiskey
Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Astiima, Con-
suinption, Malaria, Fevers, Chilis and Dys-
pepsia of whatever form, quickly cured by

taking Duffy’s Malt. \ tablespoonful in
glass of Water three umes a day,

 

 

 

    

   

 

   

 

 

YONKERS, N. ¥., 11-7499,
GPNTLOMEN: T have hat aer pepsia for o
y I wa 1 hardly walk, and mi
night }nopsle " stayed, andds \
1 r hans, saving nothing to anyone, and t
wDuty'e rare ult Whiekey. | hovetik
bet t ' beoa in year 1
mm t time. mya t > Wl. Pfeel Pea
"a gh (Duty Puce Malt Wh
I ’ er nes ery wo before be
V it git! only weighed .
and t hiniteadl ant 4 it. Very
tr » MARGUAITE PF. Heaverr, No 2 cariyle Place
Yonkers. N. ¥. - ae
All druggists and grocers, $1.00 a hottle—hook se
Get the genuine fuse ite va TUdn
Overt 7,000 doctors prescribe Dufly 's Pi Malt.

 

DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, 3. &

a

  
 

 

AOD AIAN AA GORE en AAO Mo emrpntn R ND te ale hee pe =

Pee 5 haa

      

There’s nothing so bad for a Cough
Coughing !

    

    

   
     

ie

If you are cough- |

   

9

   

ing, you want to
stop it. That's
true, isn't it?

 
      
 

you will use
Ayer’s Cherry Pec-:
toral you.can stop

it. And that is

true, too.

 
       
  
  

All druggists keep it in three sizes, 25c., 50c., $1.00.

  
    

ee 7 . aa

There’s nothing so good fora Coug
as Ayers Cherry Pectoral !

i) ee re F g

      

 

Tampita . TLR pT vig? Cx OLMSTEAD KAOWS ABOUT STRIKB'
SI A I US OF | U ERTO lt i( (), la radical modification of tariff duties on wos ee se _
capes Puerto Rico goods as Would otherwise have been | Cuts Short a Lawyer Who Caste Discredt®
made,
The expectation of the Republican leaders is on an Asnault Case,
that the House bill will be enacted speedily and Meyer Schwartzmaur and Siegmund Baume
well, striking ironers, were fined $3 each in

mimittee did not make so greatan effort to secure

Jess

DECISION OF THE HOUSE
AND MEANS COMMIITER,

WAYS

t an appeal by some importer of goods from

 
 

 

i acs ihe iT'nten terto Rico will be made very soon afterward,
The Maiority Declare That the Term United This appeal will go to the Supreme Court for de- | the Jefferson Market police court yesterday for
States’? in the Constitution Means and | ojoon and the question Whether the Constitution | attacking a fellow workman who had refused

  
 
 

|

Is Confined to the States of the deral |
Union—Fixing the Rate of Tariff Duties, | ‘

|

|

|

|

 

) Puerto Rico as if that island were
iginal territory of the United States,
i. Then the Republicans who are
now engaged in framing provisional legislation
for Puerto Rico will feel justified in proceeding
to formulate a more equitable and comprehensive
sel e of laws for governing the islands. It
is not expected that the decision of the Supreme
( rt will necessarily apply to the Philippine
for the Philippines were acquired in a
different way than Puerto Rico was

to join the strike now going on in the factories
of Indig, Berg & Co. Detective Lewis testified
that he saw the prisoners kick and knock dowa
a workman who came out of the firm's office at
718-720 Broadway. The victim ran away as
soon as he was able to tear himself loose from
his assailants,

“Policemen have been placed in front of that
office with orders toarrest any one whose face
they don't like,” said a lawyer who appeared for
the strikers, “The policemen obey the orders
of the firm slavishly for some reason or other,

WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.--The House Com
mittee on Ways and Means t y ordered that
the substitute
lating customs relations
States and Puerto Ric
per cent. of the Dingley

act, be reported te the ; ss
House with a recommendation that it 4 It | aca
also ordered printed the divergent views of the
members of a subcommittee of the meaning
|
}

for Chairman layne ul rewu
between the United

» fixing the dutte {25

 

 

Adelaide Kellam’s Sentence Suspended,
of the term “The United Stat in that: provision Judge MeMahon has suspended sentence on

of the Constitution wiieh declares that all duties, | Adelaide Kellam, who pleaded guilty last | and they have been arrestin eroerertiy any
imports and excises shall be uniform week toan indictment for perjury. During an aout e" was not well dressed an

United States whether it ine | examination in supplementary proceedings the

defendant swore that her father’s life was not
insured and that received no financial
benefit because of his death, It was proved
thatthe defendant's father was ineured for
several thousand dollars, Sentence. was sus-
pended becnuse the defendant has been con.
toed several months in Ludlow street jail for
contempt, she having refused to obey an order
of the Court requiring herto pay the judgment
upon which the supplementary proceedings
were based,

namely,

Composing

out the
cludes only the
or includes the territories belonging
United States. Both the substitute and t

report of the majority were adopted by a strict

“Thave been stationed there for three w
or since the strike began, and this is tho Rest
arrest I have made,” Lewis put in,

These men are not charged with log
Strikers,” said the Magistrate, “but with dig-
turbing the peace in a public street, and I de
Rot Relleve. te 0 police have any one interes.

@ matter but to preserve o ,
something about atrlkere myself.” - “v

the Union,

States

she

party vote
The bill now provides for the extension «
Dingley tariff rates to merc!
countries coming inte Puerto Ri
Rico merchandise coming into the
and United States mercehanadi

Rico is to pay one quarter
A provision stipulates that
collected in the Lnited States
Rican manufacture
amount than the
may be imposed in t
hy

f the
ise from other
and Puerto

 

 
 

Seem to Favor a Tunnel Franchise.

The Joint Committee on Bridges and Tune
nels of the Municipal Assembly met yesterday
to consider ita report on the application of the

| New York and Long Island Terminal Ralle
road Company for a tunnel franchise from
Atlanticand Flatbush avenues, Brooklyn, to

West and Cortlandt streets, Manha °
Councilman Casaldy (Dem.,, Queens) saneine.
have the franchise compel a five-cent re
through the tunnel and on all connecting lines
tu the city limit and to absolve the city fees
payment of any part of the cost of the deprese

r ki nh.

United States

 

O Roe dito der
JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

Justice Russell has grant-d an absolute divorce to
Mary Hutelings from Aaron Hutchings. Jnstice
Gildersiceve has anuulled the marriage of Willam
H. Johnson and Harriet R, Johnson

Whole Mes. Pearl Y +k owitz of 782 Ludlow street
iiding @ freinthe stove yesterday, her skirt

fire ste Was 80 badly burned that ber re-

f the Dingley rates

CUstoms diities

 

ruicles of Puert

not less in rate and

  

hall be
internal
he l
mere Labed !

revenue wx W

was |

canuh
very ibtful,

Judge Townsend of the United States Circuit Court
handed down an opinion yesterday affirming the de
ns of the Boaré of Appra.sers and Collector Bid-
Wellin assessing the frames as well as the paintinve
in ported by Cother & Co. The duty estimated was
on the frames

hited .

     
  
   

the articles uo domesth
manulacture;
in Puerto Rican
States manufacture
internal revenue tix

Puerts Rico upon the same artic

same

 

and the customs duties collected

ports Upon artcl of Uni

 

sion of tracks in Atlantic avenue, 00
The other members didn’t pay much attent
tohim, Itis expected that a favorable repo!

shall not be than

Wiiieas May

less

tie
itp

les of

on the application will be made next week,

Puerto
Rican manufacture
The majority report on the Newlands resolu

 

tion expresses the opinion

1 That the term “Cited
provision of the  Consutiton
that “all imposts and exeises shall be
uniform throughout the United Stat

'

s" means |

andis confined to the States of the bede al Union
|

}

States,” in
Which

hat
deck 5
duties,

and does not cover also the terntory belonging
to the United States
2 Phat the authorities

it are wh

treating of this ques-
we that treat of and
decision the question
whether the Constitution ezproprio rigore |
independent of treaty stipulat ior (
ional legislation, extends to territory ceded |
acquired by the United States
d That the weight «
tains the following Pr ' or
(a) That the nit
territory either unde the
wer of the Cor
general powers of
which are incl
sovere enty, b
dependent nation and all the power the several

tion and decisive of
involve in thei

 

 

ind

  

war |

ted all the ent pov of

 

States as sovere

hat the

results from the rig
he provi nof sect 8

to wit Powert ' {

rul ;

 

(b)
tory
from
Co
make
the territory and
United States
That Congress has
independent of the lir

   
  
      

ite)
quired territ

  

    

 

 

  

of the stitut but cases whe
tory ha ren acquired for the pr ‘ f
hood, Congress “would be st et tot ‘
mental limitatiet favor of personal rig |
Which are formulated in the Constitu n ’ ° |
vin Weerty | g, Burning
| : Palms, and Painful Finger Ends,
: era _
Medel OO" ON NIGHT CURE.
te Bees | Soak the hands on retiring in a strong, hot,
reamy lather o
\ |  CUTICURA SOAP. Dry, and anoint freely with CURA
jt the views | the great skin cure and purest of emollients, Wear, during the
night, old, loose kid gloves, with the finger ends cut off and air
mur holes cut in the palms. For red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fis-
sinigh of declvion of tie Supreme : sured, itching, feverish palms, with shapeless nails and painful
has isnt m4 finger ends, this treatment is simply wonderful.
e purpawe of |! i Complete External and Internal
ge cae ae at ' Peat +3 an . Cu naisting of Cuticuna emeenement for Every Humor:
Rico to secure p decision « ome Congr | pours oad solten the thickened enticle; CuTICURa OLNTMENT (50c.)
Eads se polls cs itv avsiceiig ee Wl CUTE 53336222025 letaasion nd ero, ted sont aod
roe i my ithe this te t ct i h A SINGLE SET ba often au fficleme to eure tue most tonterinn aide ee

and humiliating akin, scalp, and blood h .
ail eee fails, Porta Dag ab Cuam, Ooaty Sole Pine Bocas

The SET, $1.25

in veep the high tariff men in the Ways and Means

bat ean- dr ntirlaticimatirdliiat Bhabha, 0 ae rien Ai Re

a ll A a

 

<*

 

eae