BERNSTEIN KNOCKED OUT.

KID BROAD DEFEATS THE BEAST SIDER
IN TUE THIRTRENTH ROUND,

 

Bernstein Was Doing Well Until the Fatal
Blow Landed—Says He Wrenched His
Ankle—Hurst Beats Young Thomas in Pree |
Nminary--Broad and Sullivan Matched,

Kid Broad, the sturdy little Cleveland feather
weight, again demonstrated his right to be
classed im the front rank at his welght by
knocking Jov Bernatoin, the Kast Side pugi-
list, out inthirteen rounds at the Broadway
A.C, last night, Tho end came rather unox-
pectedly, as Bornstein was doing very well and
was making things interesting for his op-
ponent. The blow which laid Bernstein low
wasaloft uppercut on the solar ploxus aod
was ahardsmash, too, This was the second
time in Bernstein's career in the ring that he
Was puttosloep. Spike Sullivan accomplished
the trick on Jan. 11, 1807, in this city, when
Bernstein was just blossoming out asa boxer,

Despite the fact that Broad had gained a de-
cision over Bernstein a large crowd was pros-
ent, The battle wasto have been for twenty.
five rounds at catchweights, Charley White |
was the referoe and two judges also officiated,
Broad was the favorite at 2to} when the mill
began, but in spite of this the betting was
keen.

The preliminary bout proved to be a short
but lively one. The contestants were Joe

Hurst of Philadelphia and “Young” Thomas of
this city. They were scheduled to box twelve
rounds at 110 pounds, Hurst, without a mo-
ment’s parley, began to slug away at bis op.
onentand his heavy swings soon had Thomas
na bad way. In the seeond, third and fourth
rounds Thomas made the crowd cheer by |
ewashing Hurat with the leit three times in
succession, After thathe was notin itant
Hurst had matters his own way. When the
bell sounded for the seventh round Thomas
refused to come tothe centre of the ring and
the referee then gave the decision to Hurst.
rostein and Broawt were in the ring al teoo

elogk, Bernste n'4 seconds wore Jimmy
ranks, dark Doughorty and Paddy Moran,
road's han!lers wore Henry Lyons, ob Gorm.

eyand Pete Burns Straight Marquis ofQucens-

berry rules governed Then. Bernstein went
in { haphazard fashion, and for halla minute |
indulged in the speetiest kind of sitwhting,

Then he madeatry at long range and found | ¢.

 

Sroal’s visage three times: with the left.
oe's ghowingin th sround was commendable,
Bernstein was quite active in the second, buta
faw well-directed thumps from the Kid's left
under the heart soon mate him wince. Broad
came out of his corner with a well-concerted
rush in the third and shot his Jett stiffly in
Joe's wind, Joe dueked a hard swing and
eoming in rapidly jabbe! Broad inthe chin,
shaking him up. Broad recovere | quiekly,
and then beat a steady tattoo on Bernstein's

  

. , diistom Murray beat Wyllie, 1 oop; Champlin
kidneys, ae ht , beat Mlen, Sup and 3 to play; Palmer won froin
Ter, essaved J re fae fourth and | sudlow by default and Ma°Comas beat Taylor 2 up.
Vile ernst i about 8 " F is . : . t
or Ae ined Ghee ae ke Tthntnin alpotathod Willie Smith, George Low and Willie Houre,
hin admirops by landing three atrateht lefts on | the professionals, are enjoying & rest at Mag-
Hroat’s face, which made the Kids stagver, | 29a Springs. They will probably be here in
Berostein, before the gong tolled, struck | & few days, onemte
a ariae ae - the a ' Paro Bracn, Feb, 2.~Mixed foursomes oocu-
im the filth and Broad trounced him pied the time of ay fers horet day, The quall-
without atint, coufiaing his attack principally | [Yin’ er Teaulted Rain dak
for the body. Broad’s aggressiveness was Mrs B. Cory and ©. B. Cory, 110, beat Mies
cheekedin the sixth, Bornstein sending homa He eu Vhipps an | W Gore wh drown, 180 Mrs
the left plump into the Kid's face. Broad Bane pay e if nee seh pent + a ‘ ‘a
Nayed for Joe's ribs inthe seventh, and wave | 4° Wo Bia k, Los, beat Miss Sands and Mex. W.H
Jernstein a sound thrashing. The latter did) pavis. pis; Miss B. Andrews and FB OC Green thea |
not falter under the onslaught, and was seem- | Miss Adams and A,B Kennedy, Lit; Mise O'Neill
ingly fresh when he took bis corner. and #iln-y Maddock, 104, beat Mrs. Pamea Bolly
: froal's abiding pla ‘@ Wasagain forthe ribs) aud H.Saydam, 121; Miss J. Payhs and b. a. Lor-
in the elghth, but Joe was full of fant and re- | ine, Jr. 128, beat Mrs. L. PF. Brigham and L. F,

turned the knocks with interest, There was a
hot ral'vand honers were easy, Bernstein's
eff..rts were fast in the niath and he soon com.
pelled the Kid to clinch, When the round was
nver Broad wis the most fatigued of the two,
The lJatter continued to peg away at born.
ktein’s side in the next two rounds, Although

is blows were powerful Joe was in pro wise
hettled, Inthe twelfth the pace was rapid and
Joe's defence was good, Bernstein came up
forthe thirteenth round apparent'y fresh and
he wa brimful of confidence, He fought with
vim and made Broad retreat with aleftjab
Nothing daunted Broad bored in and nailed
Bernstein with the right under the heart. Joe
clinched and on the breakaway shot over the

 

  

left on the eye, and Brow) was anxious, |
He mixed it) up quickly, sending — the |
right on the neek and Bernstein wae

stunned, Following un his advantace quiekly
Broad delivered a wieked upnerent with the
left, nailing Bernstein with unerring foreo in
the pit of the stomach. Bernstein fell forward
and tried hard to arise, It wasa futile attempt
for he was knocked out and had to be carried
from the ring by his seconds. It was some
time before he revive! and it took him fully
five minutes before he was ableto walk (o
his dressing room, He said that in falling he
wrenched his ankle. which was hurt a few |
weeks ago, and could not regain his fret j
After the bout was over Dave Sullivan and
Brom! were matched to box twenty-
at the Troadway A. C. on March
pounds,

  

rounds
@ at 12¢ |

Referee Stops the Fight and Declares Ryan
7s the Winner.

Hort Sprrnas, Ark., Feb, 2,-Tommy Ryan
of Syracuse got the decision over George Law-
ler this afternoon in the thirteenth round of a
cont st that wasto last !wenty rounds. Ryan |
weighed about 160 pounds and was twenty

  

pounds lighter than Lawler. Tho latter's good
condition and advantage in reach saved him |
fro a knockout early in’ the — battle. |
Lawler fought on the defensive through. |
out, with the  exeeption — of two oor,
three spurts in the ninth and

eleventh rounds. Inthe former he staggered
Ryan twice with blows on the face and jaw,
and inthe Jatter knocked him down ina break:
away, Soing, however, no harm. In ali the
other rounds Law er was bal'y punished, [n |
the twelfth the latter appeared grog ut
fought gamely. His blows, however, jacked
team. Inthe midst of the thirteenth round
eteree Mulligan, seeing that the tlent was
recoming brutal and that there was no chance
for Lawier, declared Ryan the winner

James J. Jeffries, upon being introduced to |
the audienes, announced that in the approach.
ine fight wi Cor Ne re woul! do his utmost |
o wib,and that all talk to the contrary was
false and the worst of rot. eal

 

 

A Match Between Ruhlin and Sharkey to
Be Made, '

The fine form of late shown by Gus Ruhlin
has encouraged his manvger, Billy Madden, to
seek higher game. The latter will now make
an effort to get on a match for his protvgé with

Tom Sharkey, Madden ha! a long talk with
Tom O'Rourke yesterday and the Jatter has
accepted a challenge on behall of the ex-sailor |
ond articles of agreement will be signed ina
fewdays, Ifthe men come together the battle
will be for twenty-five rounds, Matehmaker
George Considine of the Broadway Club said
that he will offer the men good inducements
to Rant and will give the pugilists an early
date.

 

Erne Gets Jack O'Brien's Forfeit,

Frank Erne weighed in at the Broadway
A. C, last night at o'clock and received $250
as Jack O'Brien's forfeit. The whole amount
deposited was $500, the other $250 going tothe
club, Erne was in the best ofcon ition and
tipped the beam at 185 pounds, He seemed to
be disappointed because O'Brien was not on
hand, The lightweight champion sald that he
will keepon training fora while so asto be |

|
|

 

eady to meet the winner of the Gans-Sullivan
wht.

Long Island Schoolboys Discuss Athletics.

The adjourned meeting of the Long Island
Interscholastic Athletic League was held
terday at the Adelphi Academy, Brooklyn, |
President RoLert Mauning of the “Poly Prep”
Schoo! was in the chair and Secretary Stillinann
of the Brooklyn Latin Sehoo! recorded the
| roceedings. The plan forthe dual meetit as

vetwWeen the schouls of the League and the
New York Association was agree: upon, The |
first event will bethe basketball championship,
fn which the Pratt Lastitute High Schoo} team,
winner ofthe Long Island honors, will meet |
the winner of the New York series, Contests
ii hockey, basevall, fleld and track and tennis
will follow

It was decided to hold the skating champion-

yos-

 
  

blips atthe Clermont Avenue rink on Mareh 1
and 2. The finances of the League are in aue
good condition that it was dee ded to

 
      

 

 

 

team trophy for the skating en Amy

to be aWarded to the sehool wh ey e
tives capture the greatest numt ! po

The baseball! schoduie as formulated ce tke |
committee was adopted, The Tennis Commit.
tee stated that the championships would be
decide! on the Pratt Enstirue urts, The
events will be men’s singies and doubles, and |
the tourney will commence the first week in
May. The Golfing Committe. reported that |
the first annual tournament wou be layed
ou the links of the Cathedral Reheol of Sr

Paul's at Garden City, whenever the League |
selected the date }
Adelphi Academy

pionship can * protested ‘ts League cham-
fa a

played with St. Paul's Sehool
on the ground that the halves were eut down
to ten minutes hy the management of the Cler-
mont Avenue rink,
to a special committee.
ably be played over

 

 

The mateh will prob-

Crescents Moy Leave Owl's Head,

Members of the Creseent A.C, of Bro yKiyn
were much verturbed yesterday overa dee sion
of the Filth District board of Public Improve.
ments of brooklyu, whieh bas decided to open
the Narrows avenue from Seventy-frst street
to the Shore road, The new street will be cut
through its property and mombers of the ciup |
fear they Will Lave to pull up stakes and move, |

  

 

| The club list shows sixteen charter and

|
'
|
\
The matter was referred | A
!
|

GOLF,

 

Vardon Due to Arrive To-day and to Jour-
ney Southward.

Harry Vardon |# due to arrive from England
to-day on the St. Paul of the Amerioan line, O,
8, Cox, who is arranging the details of the open
champlon's trip, said yesterday that the firet
exhibition match, probably against tho best bal
of two amateurs, in which Vardon would appear
would be at the Laurence Harbor Country Club
according to present arrangements, It has
been definitely ixed that Vardon will tour on
both the east and west coast links in Florida
after which he will journey northward to fill
whatever engagements be can before return
ing to Great Britain for the open champtonship
in June, Cox has received inquirtes from a
greatmany clubs asking for dates for exhibi-
tions by Vardon, the Western clubs baving
been especially anxious to ge him for the
summ romonths, Will Smith, the American
open champton, will probably meet Vardon in
one or more of the exhibitiona in Florida.

The Lakewoo! Country Club has sent out ita
first year book since the change of name from
the Ocean County Hunt and Country Club, The
offleers are; George J. Gould, President; G. B,
M. Harvey, Vice-President; W. A. Hamilton,

Recretary, and M. Bradshaw, Treasurer.
forty-

four other resident members, with 114 non-
resident members,

There will be competitions tondag at Laur-
ence Harbor, the two Lakewood links and at
the Nassau Country Club, where the event will
bo the first handicap for the third of the winter
cups presented by L. J. Busby,

Sr, Avavstine, Feb. 2.—Play in the two
cays’ tournament for the Prestdent’s Cup
started this morning with the qualifying round
ateighteen holes. There was a brisk breeze
from the sea, but this died out gradually and
the afternoon weather was ideal for the
elghteen-hole match play, The players were

| somewhat interruptedin the morning by the

novices who crossed the line ot play and many
good drives were spotted, but these enthus-
jasts Were induced to become spectators later
intheday. Watson's difficulty, as well as his

' beat play, came when bis ball floated on the

high tide near the tower, He played out from
the water in good style. The first eight quali-
fled for the President's Cup, the seeond eight
for second prize. The scores for qualification
were:

First eight- R. OC. Watson, Jr, 86; Clayton Dixon,
v6; C KF, lich ner, #3. HP, Dixon, 103; EK, A,
er, Detroit, oo: J. Me Dowell, 105; J. 2,
vs, LOT, Robert Murray, 115,
ond eight—Langhora, 114, Taylor, 115; Sud-
» Lik, MaeComas, 12%: Champlin, 12; Allen,
» Wylhe, 11%; Paimer, 118,

In the first division eighteen-hole match
play the results were;

Watson beat Tichener, 7 up and 4 to play; Clayton
Dixon beat McDowell, 6 up and & to play: H. P.
Dixon beat Langhorn, 7 upand 6 to play; Greaves
boatSuiuner, 2 up and -t to play. In the second

    
 

 

 

 

Drigham, i365

Miss 8. Andrews and Groen, having tlad with
their oppenents, won fourth piace. Tn the
semi-finals, match play, the first four couples
having qualified, Miss Mo Andrews and Black
heat Mr. and Mrs. Cory, 4 up and Sto play;
Miss O'’Nefiland Maddock beat Miss B, Andrews
and Green, 3 up and | to play.

 

HOCKEY,

Harvard and Brown Meet Again and the
Crimson Wins,

CamBainge, Feb, 2.—The Harvard [ee Hock-
ey team beat Brown University for the second
time this season on the Soldiers’ Field rink this
afternoon, by a secure of 7 to 1. The Providence
team Was not in the game at any stage and
atterthe fret few minutes it became simply a
question of how large the score would be, The

 

play of the Harvard men was not by any means |

up to their best standard. The passing of the
nek from forward to forward was admirable,
sut the shooting for goal when che ball had
been rushed to the opponent's territory was
licking both in speed = and precision,
Brown's passing was at times good, but
the one thing that saved them
larger score was the wonderful shooting of
Low atcover point, Hard'y a minute passed
that he did not lift the puck
the Harvard rushersand send it right into their
country, often narrowly missing a goal, The
rushing of F. J, Goodridge wos the best exhi-
bition of the afternoon. Lhe Brown men were
unable to do anything fo stop him, Russell
also played a «tar game at point and ina
measure made up for the siow play of N

Goodridge at goal. Harvard scored twice in
the tirat halt aud sent the puck over again just
atter the whistie blew, In the second half
Erown started by seoring, but after that it
al! went Harvard's way, The ‘ine up follows:

 

 

I orvard, Positions, Brown,
A. Goo tridge Goal Coeerreceees Chase
Russell »Point a eK Steere
ilardy Cover Point ‘a Low,
: } ) { eveese Cooke
lear taell he Pavear,
secant Forvar 6 one Hatvs
| -Poilips.

 

| |

At the St. Nicholas Skating Rink vesterday
afternoon Cutler Schoo: defeated Columbia
Graminar School by the score oo 2toO. It was
the third contest In the championsnip ser es,
Columbia Grammar
the boys were unfortunate in shooting at goal,
Tho teams lined up as follows:

Bartlett,

 

 

Cutler P sttione, Co'umbia,
| Homes Goal R. Strange
Warren Point Kotha

Ruck
ielahenon ot

but Forwards 4

Cover point Flammar
Kranich

. Sherwood

 
   

over the heals of |

rom a much !

put up a stiff game, but!
| when

Braddley
ABIN. .... cones O'Brien
Keferee--A. Aken, Drisler School, Goais Warren |

and Fosdick. Time—Fifteeu-minute Laives

One of the fastest games of hockey of the
championship series of the Long Is!and Inter-
seholestic A.C. played this season oecurred
lastught, When the teams of the Boys’ High
School and St. Paul’s Schoo! met at the Cler-
mont avenue rink. It was the first game of
the second round and asthe loser is shut out
in all the contests the flZht was severe, St
Taul’s schoo! won by a scoreof ltov. The
single goal was shot by Forward Howe of the
Carden Clty teamon a pass from behind the
posts about two minutes after the first balf
opened. In the second half the Garden City
representatives made another goal, butas the
referee’s whistle blew because cf an offside
playan instant before the shot was made it
Wis counted no goal

Old Penn May Row Harvard,

The impression prevails among college men
at Philadelphia that Harvard is about to invite
the University of
intercollegiate race on the Thames at New
London next June. It is believed that Yule
will not objeet and that a race will be rowed

under the conditions that governed the Har-
vard-Yale-Cornell event on the Thames in
Dees, Tf such an invitation is reeeived by the
Quakers, it will probably be aceepted, but the

 

 
 

 

latter wt!l have to. first consider the regatta
at Poughkeepsie whieh itis ‘inderstood, will
ta e pace two days after the race ai New
B)}oinas Reath, chairman of Old Penn's Row-

ing Committee, when asked whother Harvard
hadextended a formal invitation to the Quak-
ers torowat New London, made the following
sigoificant reply

“No offletal communication
colved from Cambridge, but

    

has been re-
t would not sur-

 
 

| prise me if Harvard were desirous of including
anothercrew in the race at New London
know thatthe Cambritee men are disposed to

be liberal ino her competition
Jewes, and there has been a gis
at Cainbridge to break ay

With other eol-
wing sentiment
ay rom oid custome,”

 

Lasketball Notes,

 

 

 

 

   

At the Seventy-first Regonent Armory on Thurs.
da rht the basketball team of he regiunent de
feate b tue Wat rad Ave in w&® Weileor tetaud
e te vane br ascorect 15 Kk lde \
Conklin the soldiers, practically won the game
nede eke r playing.
playsdatl Wurg, Pa. on Thursdas
ui letue np Bocknell and Dickinson « evea, th
fi er won int last three winutes of play by «
soreof tito le, Diewiuson was shead at tie end
otthe first half by i2to ll, Dut the great work «
Mosutty. the fuekueil forward, saved the yaine tor
his tean
The Mount Morris basketball five played a poor
ea suinet the Dreadnaught A.C. team in the lat
ter’s gyionasiim on Thursday nigot Phe score in
the fest half waa sto 4in favor the Dreadnaugit
Tie latter tuen eut ont the pace and the Mount Mor
rs meh were ontebassed The final seore was
Dreidnaught. 1e. Mount Morris, 5,
| 1 sate Company five of Youkers
set the ¢ sk Ho team of Paterson at
se L after ope ot the bird

  

had this season the

 

  

  

Vhe Patorect: men
capruped the fret hall After fierce but
el work on i shoes thy wame ended atic at i
pou woh, Both agre @ Stra Ufteen mip
Utes pliy, the fleet secre toreither side t) won. li
agreat relly, after tWo minntes and filty-five se
onda of pl ve be moan of He 6 ilier team threw a)

retty goal from the feld. The final score was:
Hourth Separate Company, 10; Orescenta, 11.

| aminations

Pennsylvania to enter the ,

| ve. Goodbart.

  
   

THE SUN,
NO CLUB AT PROVIDENCE,

THR CITY WITHURAWS FROM THER
NEW AMERICAN ASSOULATION,

 

 

The National League Deals a Hard Blow
to the New Orgauisation—Magovates Con-
fident That Quin's Scheme Will Not Suc-
coed -Adjourned to Meet at Chicago,

Another move was made yesterday at the in-
stance of the National League magnates
which is calculated to deal a final blow at the
new American Association, Having succeeded
in frightening off proposed backers of the new
Philadelphia club, the League men decided
that Providence was the next place to take in
hand, The owners of the Providence Eastern
Club League attended the Association meeting
in Philadelphia and openly stated that thoy
wou'd join the movement when the Philadel-
phia end was fixed up. They said that they
would have signed the agreement to post
$1,250 if it had not been jor their membership
in the Fastern League.

President P. T. Powers of tho Eastern
League concluded yesterday to fud out the
exact status of the Providence club, With ap-
plications from several cities, including New-
ark and Richmond, Powers telt that if Provi-
dence should decide to leave hie League, the
ciroult could be filled satisfactorily without
that town. So Powers wired to the Providence
people and last night he received this answer:

We deny all reports that Providence is to join the
Association, Never werein dt further than to con-
sider plans submitted by promoters, Never en:
geaced in movement. Directora to-day formally
voted that the Providence club should give no fur:
ther consideration to the Association,

Thiedeapatch was signed by Frank McKenna,
the President of the club, and means that the |

Association has now only two cit es ready to vo
on in the East, Boston and Baltimore. The
League men are satisfied that it will be iinpos- |
sible forthe Assocation promoters to go on |
with six clubs, and that with a few further |
moves the whole scheme will be knocked sky
high, Ifthe Association men declare every- |
thing off, MeGrawand Robinson will probably |
make terms of peace with Hanlon and Von
der Horst, in which event the League Circuit
Committee will resume its labors, and the |
League itself will call a meeting ’ ratify the |
elght-club circuit already prepared. |
|

PHILADELPHIA, Fob, 2.—The American As-
sociation of Bageball Clubs is no further ad-
vanced to-day than it was when the meeting
was first called to order by President Quin
three days ago, While the delegates profess
to be satiafied with the backing ofthe I’hila-
delphia club, there is uo indication that the
Jatter really exists, exeept on paper.
George P. Reger, who represents one ele-
ment of the alleged. local cupitaliats, together |
with Anson and MeGraw, the “Missionary
Committee.” conferred with a representative
of the Traction Company and others Interested
in the project at 11 o'viock this morning. ‘The
situation was thoroughly canvassed and the
capitniists expressed themselves as satisfied,

Nothing definite, however, was done, the back-
ers asking for twenty-four hours to make in-
quiries. This is thought to be forthe purpose

of ascertaining whether grounda can be leased
from the city, This assurance did mot dispel |
the air of gloom which made its effect feitin the
corridors of the hotel. As the matter stan ts at
present, no decision will be rendered before
hoon tosemorrow. Keger said after the confer-
ence

“Our people are thoroughly satisfied with the
condition of the new assoc ation, but there are
certain conditions which must be examined
into before any definite answer is given. We
have the money, and urless there is any un-
expected obstacle to be surmounted, we shall
instruct the Association to go ahead with Phila-
delplia in the eeuit.”

Capt, Anson said after the conference:

“The prospect of locating a club in Philadel.
phia ia brighter at present than at any other
time. Our Interview this morning was in every
way satisfactory. The people behind the Phila-
deiphia end appear to be in dead earnest and I
do not see how the thing can miss fire now.”

This statement was corroborated by MoGraw,
President Quin got back from Washington
this morning and denies that his trip had any
connection with the Association, Shortiyatter
he returned he began rounding up the dele-
gates for the purvose of organizing. The
meeting was attended by George Reger, who |
made a detailed statement of ths condition of
the local end. He said he feit reasonably ver-
toin that the money would be fortheoming to-
morrow.

At the conference it was decijied to adjourn
to remeet at Chicago on Feb, 12. A committer, |
made upof Quin, MeGraw and MeCarthy, was |
left here to work up the local end. They will
report atthe Western meeting. The delegates |
this afternoon refused to say whether in cise
of fatlure to place a club here the Association
would decide at the Chicago meeting to con-
tinue or not,

In atalk to-night McGraw said to Tak Sun |
correspondent:

“Baltimore is of more consideration than a
franchise in any league or assoclat.on. IT am
heart and soul with the association movement
and have taken large chanees forit. If every.

 

 

1 thing wranged all right [I shall certainiy
have assorfation team at home. If not, then
Iwill play with the League team there. If we

do not have either then T will stay in Baltimore
and attend tomy business. However, | have
notthe slightest doubt of ultimate success,

Cannot Take the Name of American Asso-
ciation,

WASHINGTON, Feb, 2.—President N. E, Young
states emphatically that the new American
Association, which will be operated this com-
ing season in harmony with the Nationa
League and the organizations under the pro-
tection of the National Agreement, has no con-
nection with the so-called association reported
to be making an attempt to organize at Phila.
delphia. The Nationa: League and American
Assoviation of Professional Baseball Claibs own
and are in possession of the title “American
Association” and such tithe cannot be agopred
without its permission The association
which has been organized has made proper
application forthe right to assume the name
relinquished by the present National
league and American Association,

Chess.

When a few of the students were about
to engage in the Arat round of the third annual
mmopetition between the College of the
City of New York and Bteveus Institute, Ho-
boken, atthe Manhattan Chess Club yesterday
afternoon it was found that all the cou.
testants could not be present on account o! ex-
It was therefore decided to post. |
pone play until next Friday, They have now |
agreed to play the tournamentin four rounds,
to be contest. d on four consecutive Fridays of |
this month, |

Major Hanham was appointed
director otthe play and umpire. M, Hoffman,

C.J. Lagerwall, J. Wilkinson and F. B, Bar- |
eheil willtake boards for CC. N, Y.. and
Buerwer, J. C. Percy, Fo. Stevens and Ho Hor-
wood will represent Stevens, The seheauie

flulLows
first Round, Feb, %&—Buergey ova. Lagerwall,
s. Perey, Steveus vs "Wilkinson, aud Vac |

He wan
Shell ys Horwood

Second Kound, Feb. 14,-Lagerwall va, Stevens,
Norwood vs, Hotman, Wilkinsou ve. Perey, and Bau
suell va, Buerger

Third Kound, Feb, 23
Stevens vs. Hoffman,
Percy vs. Hareshell,

Fourth aud Final Sound, March 2.—Perey vs
erwail, Hollman vas. Buerger, Wilainson vs
wood, and stevens va Barshell,

The firsttwo games in the match between
Marshall and Mecdimus were played at the
Chicago Che-s an. Checker Cub on Tuesday
end Thursday evenings. The Ur-t game, a
Ruy Lopez opened oy Marshall, was wou by
Medimus atter forty-five moves. Marstadl |
won the secoud game, @ Petroil Defonve, alter
twenty-four moves, The third gameis sche
uled tor this evening

Owing to Cutler achuol dropping out of the |
tournament, the Cheas Comomtcee ofthe New |

'

Chess ¢

Lagerwall vs. Horwood
Buerzer va, Wilkinson, and

Lax
Ho

York jnterscholastie Association met yesterday
alteruouu abd adopted a bew seheduie, The
tournament Wilk Degin at Coluwbia Graniwmar
next Mouday. The teams will be as foliows
Columbia Grammar, MeKenna and Kichard;
Ham.iton jmstitute, hddinger and Rergusen; |

 

 

 

 

De La Satie Institute, Ridcer and Senieuster; |
Backs, Newborg and Goodhart. The schedule
follows:

FIRST ROUND,

Fel, S—Eddincer ve. Newvorg, Ferguson va
Govedhait, MeKepoa v-. Ridder, Richard va,
Bh ster

bet tid ve. Kddiuger, Sehleueter va
Fercuson, Newborg vs MeKenna, Goodnart vs, |
Ki hard, |

Feo. ¥-Rédinver vs. MeKenma, Ferg va |
Richard, Newborg va. Kidder, Goo rt oy '
Schleush F, |

SECOND BOUND,

Feb, 12—-Newborng ve Fervuson Go chart vs,
heidiinger, Sclieuster va MeKenna, Kdder va
Ri_ aid

F Edinger vs. Sehleuster, Verguson

 

alehenna vs. Goothart, Richard vs,

 

ve ive

Newborg
Fev, is

vs. Ferwison,

Richard vs Fid.oger,

Schieuster vs, sewborg, Kidder

Billiards,

The first ofthe out-of-town entries tur the
Class A championship billiard tournament of
the A. A. Ul arrived yesterday,
F, Conklin of Chicago, Dr. Ranney announced

|
|
MeKenna

He is Charles |

 
 

Yesterday the iollowing schedule for the frst {
four vames of the tournament: '

Monday Evening—W. P. Foes vs, Dr. Lot, Mal. |
Keveres, Georg: Heywood, Ky A. ¢ i

Cucsday Afwrnoun—C. F,
first came, Referee’ W. R. Bracken, K. A. U,
jesday Eveniug—W MecCreery vs. J. DeMun
ith Kteferee, Albro Abee. : th
nesday Afternoon—Charies vs. loser
of third game, =

Conklin va, loser of the

| (Boland), 7 to Land 2 to 1, won

, Barataria

| Gircen,

| bay

| machine?
| tract with the state for the insprovement

1)

} the Milwaukee bali cia

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY
" ascaie.

Third Successive Win for Barataria at New
Orleans,

New Onveans, Feb. 2.—-Barataria won his
third successive victory this aftornoon when he
captured the purse in the one mile and an
elgith handicap in easy style. Tom Middleton,
responsible for several hard falls received by
the talent, was malo favorite, with Barataria
avcond, Middleton piloted the bunch for seven
furlongs, when he quit. Barataria trailed to
the head of the atrotch, when he moved up, and,
passing both Strangest and Our Nellie, won by
two lengths, Middleton was fourth. Mitchell
put upa poor ride on DeBride, the favorite in
the firatrace. Nekarnis won by a length anda
half. Ophelia Bugg led the bunch of fourteen
maidens all the way in the second, winning In
adrive by ahalf-length, J. ¥. Cline made a
running race of the third, winning, pulled up,
by four lengths. Cotton Plant, the favorite in

the fifth, won as he pleased. Clawaon piloted
Floriar, the odds-on favorite, poorly, In the
last race, and was beaten out by Arthur Behan
and Major Mansir. Suminaries:

First Race—Selling: seven furlongs—Nekarnia,
108 (Boland), 5 ¢ a4 to 6. won: ride, 10)
(Mitchel), | to 2 for place, second; Cortalia, 103
(Geifers), th Time, b:2n'¢

Hecond lace--Maden three-veurolle, aix fur:
lonus-Oplelia Bugg, 106 (Mitchell), 10to band 4
tol, won; Etta Fonso, 108 (Lyne), & to for place,
second: Siddarth, oa (Mason), third, Time, 1:15'4,

Third Race—Selling, one mile=J, E. Citne, 102
Quannah Parker,
WS (silvers), 7 to 10 for place, second, Tip Gallant,
105 (Clawson), third. Time, b:41

Fourth Race Handicap, one wile and an eighth—
foo ‘Poland, 2to 1) and 4to5,won, Onur
Nellie, #8 (Odom), ato 1 for place, second, St angest,
wa Miller), third, lime, 124%,

Fifth Race~Selling: six and a half furlongs—
Cotton Plant, 1Ov  MeJoynt), 15 to 6 and 4to 6, won;
Thurbss, 112 (Clawson), 5 to 2 for place, second,

  

 

       

  

 

Kan ker Green. 10) (Ratves), thirt, Time, 122%.
Sixth Race Ove mie aud @ sixteenth-Arthur
Behan, We Woland), 13 to Sand 7 to 10, won; Major

Mansir, 104 Wedderstrand) Sto 1D for place, second;
Plorizar, 507 ( lawson), thied, Time, 1:50.

Tho programme for Lo- morrow follows:

First Race-—One mile: selling—Wurat, 124; Yuba
Dam, 12h, Ublers, 113: Cathedral, 10¥; Freak, 107;
Demorvetts, LOW,

Second Rave -Half a mile Ads Beatrice, Buda and
Fannie Z.. 110; Clara David, Foaneia Reis, LPootsie
Plead®, Stripes* and) Miss Connelly, 105
*A H.& DH. Morris s entry, i

(Third Race--One mae aud & half: selling--Elkin
and Monereith, 111; Donna Ruta, 108, Swordsman,
14; school Girl, 104; Tonto and Jim Conway 101;
Babe Fields an | Ethlorpha, oo, wloudyke Queen, 4,

Fourth Race M rehonts’ Handicap; one inile and
an eichth—Benneville ii4: dolly Roger and Al

| Freses, 100; Eva Rios, 103) Lanreate, 100; Wolhurst,
Vit; Dr. Vaughan O85. BO Mocioe's entry.

F.fth Race—sevon fuelongs- Ciopin, 109; Free

lady, lon; Mics Dooley, Nelie Prince, Flirtauion and

Jnanetta, 104: King Flkwood, Vominis and Ked Gidd,
108; Race Bud, wy La Vewa, 08: Flyotta, 8%,

Sixth Hace Six tutlonys; eellbne Brass, Donster-
Swivel, Watercrestand Ly ainwton Pirate, 110; Cotton
Plant, 107; Perryman IL, Deeit , Tinker. MeAlvert,
BSanterne and Tenole, 107; Duchess of York, Kenmore
Queen, Miss Lynab and La Champagne, 105,

   

Winners at Oakland.

Ban Frawetsco, Feb, 2.—The racing at Oak-
Jand this afternoon was well to form, three
favorites and two second choices landing for
their backers. Winners were: Cipriano, Tom
Calvert, Rolliek, Mareato Potente and Louis B,
MeWihirter, Potente picked up 117 pounds in
the fi'th race and went one mile and asix-
teenth in 1:44. Dr Nembula was made fa.
vorite and had no excuses, He got off in front
and led by two lenwths to the paddock, where
he quitlike alobster. McWhirter, although he
ran ia great race his last time out, was as good
ag l5tolin the sixthevent. He closed up five
lengths in the streteh and won rather cleverly
from liora Bird, Mont Eagle was third,

NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN,

A General Callon L. A. W. Members by
the State Engineer,

From the headquarters of the division the
following, addressed “to the oMeers and mem-
bers of the New York State Division L. A. W,,”
Was issued yesterday by W. 5, Bull, Secretary-
Treasurer of the division:

On Noy. 24, 1809, State Engineer Bond sent to the
clerk of each Board of Supervisors of each county in
the State or New York a circular letter stating his
intentionto hold @ public meeting inthe city of
Albany some time dur.agthe month of January or
February, 1000, at which meeting he desired to
Be attendance of delegates from each Board

 

; sulted in a@ tle,

of Superyisors in the State, such delegates bringing |

withthem statistics and reports in regard to the
condition of roads in their respective counties, with

expressions of opinion of the sentiment of their |

coinmnnities in regard to the operation of the law
for State all in the comstruction of highways, to
ether with statistics showing the possibilities of
geftnsroad m.terial in their respective  ounties
neorver to secure this ipformatiou circulars were
sent to the Supervisors and town officers of the

Various ounties aek. ng information on the follow-
inw polis

“Whatis che total number of miles of road in the
tow! How many miles of this are important high
wavs’ Whatis the preseateoudition of the roads?
What is the cost of Maintenance ot the roads in the
town during Jsys or Sey? Was tho read tag levied
In mone, ceria day's work? Has the town ad opted
a rinan-se eneonraging the use of wide tiras?

Are there in the town deposits of gravel or quarries
oO; stone suitable for roelbuilding? Is this stone
sauidstone, limestone, granite or of what kind? Has
the town & ston@ecrusher or apy road-making
Is the town equipped #) as to make con-
f some of
lis roa@da, thas saving for itseit the contractor's
profit) Is there an) intention on the partof the
taxpayers to make petition for bigaway improve
tuent, Whatis the general sentient of the com-
bhunity in cach town on the subject of Highway
Toprovemen! by Stare Aid?’

Favorable replies having been receeived from a
sufficient numberof counties to indicate that the
Meeting will be suc esafuland will accomplish val
able resuits, State Bogineer Bond has arranged
to have the mer ting take plac
bany, where toe organiration will be effected on
Weduesday morning, Feb, 7, at 10 o'clock,
o clock of the same day will be @ meeting for dis-
cussion, Oo Thurday morning there will be no
jneeting in orde
tunity to veut the Capitol wh le the Legislature is
iu session, if they ao desire, On Thursday there will
be an ther menting at 2 o'vlock at the City Hall in
continuation of the one of Wednesda, afternoon
On jhurs tay evening the fourth and last meeting
will take place at the State Nor nal School on Willett

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

3, 1000.

PRIZES FOR FINE POULTRY.

SPECIAL AWARD DAY AT THE MADI-
SON SQUARE GARDEN SHOW.

 

 

Many Sales Recorded, One Man Disposing
of 10,000 Kgge-Many of the Little
Chickens Taken Away—Crowds of Vie
itors-The Exhibit Will Close To-night,

The poultry show at Madison Square Garden
gors along in the even tenor of its way and
hothing disturbs the quietness except the
crowing of the rousters and the “peeps” of the
little chicks that are quartered in that section
of the Garden known as the wine room on the
nights of the Frenvh ball and the bar during
the six-day bieyele races. The only excite-
ment yeaterday was caused by the escape of
@ carrier pigeon. There was the usual large
crowd of spectators in attendance, Of course
the children want to spend most of their time
in the room where the incubators are placed,
Hore the newly born chicks scamper about
their little yards, seratch gravel and seem to
have a fine time generally,

The general awards have all been made
ond yesterday was the day for the special
prizes, There are a great quantity of these
and it would seem that it must be a very poor
fowl which cannot win aenp, purse, ribbon or
diploma of some kind. The most valuaple of
the cure were placed on exhibition at the Mad-
ison avenue endof the Girden yesterday and
they na ‘e an imposing display.

The cocks who have been keeping up a con-
tinua! crowing since the show onened are he-
ginning to grow hoarse and the bens are be-
comlig tired and sleepy early in the evening
from the confinement and excitement, but

otherwise everything is as lively as it was on
came morning. The exhibit will close to-
light,
here were the sual number of sales re-
corded yesterday. Whitelaw Reid bought ture
eys from the Long Island Pheasantry and
Mrs. JH. Kernochan bought the first prize
Silver Duckwing games from a Torouto ex-
hibitor, The dealers rep ried busivess as un-
usually brisk. One of the large sales vester-
day was a lotof Indian Runner ducks and two
lots of Pekin ducks with 10,000 eggs by AL,
Hatlock of sp-onk, L. I

The following awards were made:

AMERICAN BLACK MINORCA CLUB SPRCTATS

Club trophy, value $250, for best cock, hen, cock
erel, pullet, and exhibition pen—Won by Bantes &
Andras, G1 points, New York State cup. open to
jneuibers from New York State only, for best cock,
Len, cockerel, pullet, and exhibition pen—Won ty
Santee & Andrus, Board of Direotors’ cup, for five
best male birds--Won by Bantee & Andrus, Every
special except one was won by this firm.

AMERICAN EXHIBITION GAME AND GAME BAN-
TAMS,

Challenge cup, $159, for best American bred game
bantim ecockerel or pullet—Won by Haskell &
‘Lhornton, Challenge cup, $150, for best American
game cockerelor pullet—Won by Wiliam Barber,
Specials in the bantam classes were also won by A,
A. Parker, Charles T. Cornman, Fremont Chapin,
John Crowe, Mountain Side Lofts, Charles Jehl anu
D, P. Keasbey.

NATIONAL BANTAM ASSOCTATION SPECIALS,

There were one hundred and three sp.cal prizes
Offered by this association, The winners inciuded
Mountain Side Lofts, McNeil & Oke, D. Lincoln Orr,
Windeboline Bantam Yards, GH, Galusha, a. W,

 

Hilson, W. J, Andrus, Ira ©, Keller, H. J. yuilhot
Charles Jell, W. Barber, Maavell & Thornton, 4. A.
Parker, J. F. Kirkpatrick, Q@. i. Snuath, Wo J. Wilson,

 

Elmwood Farm, Miss Selma Wievers,
SWEEPSTAKE SPECIALS ON SEABRIGHT BANTAMS,

Kilver cup for best cock, hen, cockerel, pullet and
breeding yard —Won by lra C. Keller,

8 lvercup for exhibitor winning greatest number
of prom.uin. on Se: bright bantania—Tie between W,
J. Andru and MeNeil & Oke

NATIONAL POUTER ASBOUCIATION BPECIALS

Anuual Trophy for Best 149" Pouter--Won by F,
TadorJr. Tudor also won @ diamond studded band
for best 18¥9 pouter, and speciale for best mvs
Diack male, F. ©, Abele won the special for best
Tova, ©, C, black male. Other specials, sixteen in

 

number, were won by Dr, Uanseluan and James |

Kough, The Washington, D C., Fanciers’ Cup,
value $100, for the best piemy pouter bred io isi,
wea sR Be American seamless baud, was won by
James Rough,

AMERICAN BUFF PLYMOUTH ROCK SPECIALS,

Thirteen specials offerod—They were won by
James Forsythe, J. D. Foster, C. Beauian and W. c.
Denay.

AMERICAN LECHORN CLUB SPECTALS,
Silvercup for best single comb White Leghorn

 

cock, h@a, cockcrel, pallet and exhibtiticn yard—ne |

Silvercup for best single comb bhuu
L vhorn cock. coeckerel, cen, piilet and exhibitt:
gard—Won by A.D. Arnold. Silver enp for best
snalecomb Brown Leghorn cock, cockerel, hen,
Jullet aud exhibition yard—Won by G. H. Buryott,
therspecials—W. a ty kim Poultry Yards,
EASTERN FANTAIL CLUB SPECIALS,

Silver cup for best White Fantail, male or female,
bred in Ixvi—Won by the Mountain Side Lot's
‘There were ten other specials won ty H. ©, Norton
and Alex. Hay.

SPECIAL PRIZES,
Silver cup, $100, donated by the president for

 

  

 

| best Brahina cock, eocherel, hen and pallet—Won
by Vaklaud Farm, Silvercup, $100, donated by the
president for the best Plymouth } ock, cock
eral, hen and pillet-—Won by FE. BE. Thompson
Biiver cup, 810), for best who cock, hen,
! cockerel and = pnilet—Won by Oakland Farm
Bilver cup, $100, for best Wyandotte cock,

| and pullet}won by klin Poultry Yarda,

santhe City. Hall, Al- |
At 2}

to give the delegates an oppor |

! many

etre t. Where ih Isa Une iditorinm with aserven,
la terns ‘ H. B. Pullertom Vice Consul New
York state Division, L. A. Wo, will deliver an address
illustrat by lintern ali le views, and it ia eroected
that tne re be reveral a didonal of lresses: if
poss ble, one from Gov, Roosevelt. The coopera
tion the LoS Wo hasan. been requested by the |
Sate Kui er, ail tuemcera are urged to aid the
State Wo giueer in making this mecthag ayrand auc
cosa, Attend | onally if possible you eannot
do this, us your inf Men 1 i ba macner a6 to

recure a represenbtiGion trol your
Visors

var | of Super-

Westminster Bench Show,

At the request of several exhibitors, the
Westminster Kennel Club, in addition to its
liberal policy 48 shown in the amount of the
regular prize (ist, bas deciced to divide by sex
al! puppy or novice classes in which there are
three or more entries of exch sex, and also all

  

 

  

   

linmitoropen clasees, Where there are flve or
nore entries, The following new special
prizes have been offered:

Ry the Ball Dog Clnb—-Silver medale for the beat
Stud Oull dog shown with two oof bis wet. and
for the beat brood tit With iwo oot hl progeny
Open te nmenbh ron

B, Miss Lilian C. Moeran—& handsome special

efor the beat Yor terrier bind by the ey
| By Mrs, Daniel W. Evane—Sitver cup for the best
fleld epanielin the Hint) clases

th a but t Ainerica offers $50, cash or
p wfor th est poiuter born in Isv8, Open to

mily

has been formed by Pomeranian
breeders aid exhibitors and the tollowing
cups have t ofYcred: For best bluek, best
brown, best blue, and best wh Pomeranian ;
for test titeh, for best) panpy under four
, pounds, for best black dog, and lor best collec.
t tion of four, any weight or color

Curling.
There was a great turnout of curlers yester-
day at the Hoboken Rink to participate in the
“Bonspiel” arranged to decide possession for

  

  

 

the vearofthe Gledhill medal anda number of
clubmateles. Competltion for the medal was
| the feature of the afternoon's play, The prize
Was presented four years agoto be plaved for
annually by tho tvanhoes of Paterson and the
Manhattans of New York. The latter club
Won the frst competition and no further cor
test took pia until yesterday, Pwo tounes
from ea ih fook port, and the war
in euch rink Was so elose that the wit
ner could not be deeicet until the final
head was played, D (i) Morrison, who
sipped the tirst rink for the Manhattana, only
had a margin of ¢ pointto his eredit, while
the other Manhattan team won by two polite,
giving tl the trophy by three up an the two
rinks. The medal haato be won three times

before becoming the property of either club

The Paterson players showed their ouality
in the evening When in match with the strong
st. Andrew'a Club they won one of the two
rinks played,

Baseball Notes,

Mitwacker, Feb, 2.—M nacer “Connie’ Mack of

to-day purchased Outdelder

  

Hatiman and Innelde bet from the Loneville
club, the lattes bavi drifted them frou New
| York State Leasve lag. fail, Fielder Waldron and
Preher MeDona di sig Wracte with Milvankee
teday  loird Baseman Andsows haa been returned
to Minneapolis @)d Sthortsop Heulen to Kansa
City by Louisville
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets, All drug-
refund the money if it foils to cure, ¥.

vo'ssiguature is om each box, 26u,—Ady

covkerel, hen and pallet-Won by James Forsythe,
Silver cup, $10), for best Leghorn cock, cockerel, hen
Silver cup,
“Diana,” for best Light Brahma, cockerels and pul
lets won by Norwood Farm. Diplomas for best
display of Carmers—won by RB, Sweesturth, Barbs,
W. \\uite, Routers, J.J. Manselman. Tumblers, F.
W. George; Jacohina, A B. Hasking: Fantaths, Moun
tain Side Lofts, Owls, George revert; Turbits, 4 orve
MeLeod; Magpies, G. W. Spobu, Oriental Frills,
H. A. B. Waldron,

Yachismen Pleased With the New Club.

The formation of the Yachtsmen's Club on
Thursday evening atthe proposed rooms of
the organization, the Hotel Royalton, was fully
discussed yesterday and all agreed that the
club was just what was wanted, Yachtsiaen
have been anxious fora long time to securea
central meeting place In the city where they

could tatk over matters during the winter
months. The New York Yoeht Club has a

town house, but there are many yachtsmen
who do not belong to this club but are identi-
fled with smaller organizations. It is tor these
that the new club was formed, and already so
men have promised to join that itis
assuied of success. The quarters which itis
proposed torent are well adapted for club
purposes, Thereare five rooms in the suite,
and there is a private entrance. There is a
large dining room, Which will also be used for
meetings Whenever it is needed. The rooms
are well furnishe !

lt isexpected that atthe frat meeting of the
club, which will be held on keb, 15, the com-
mittees that have been appointed to arrange
detalis Of organization will have to report
more then one hundred town members
‘Three conumit ees were named, One was to
jook after the club rooms, another waa to act

 

  
    

 

“Several years ago I was troubled with an aggravated case of
dyspepsia and, of course, the first thing I did was to consult a physi-
cian, As I had always enjoyed the best of health I was worried a good
deal over this, my first illness, and my only desire was to get well as
speedily as I could. I took regularly all the medicines as my doctor
prescribed them. Ina short time I felt all right, thought I was cured
and stopped taking the medicine. But it wasn’t long before I was feel-
ing as badly as ever, and again I had recourse to the doctor. This
kept up for some time until at last 1 made up my mind I would quit
doctoring and try some of the remedies I saw advertised. I had read
so much of Ripans Tabules that I concluded I would give them
a good trial, It said ‘one would give relief,’ and I thought if one
could give relief a whole lot might cure me. I purchased a dollar's
worth, and when I had finished them I was feeling better than I had
for years, 1 continued to use them, and to-day I believe I am a per-
fectly well man. Once in a great while I do have a slight touch of
the old malady, but a single Tabule fixes it all right, I generally
keep a supply at home.”

BOWLING. 101, Vanderpool, 18%; C gklin, 166, Total, 634,

- Company F—Hoyt, 128; Taylor, 0%, Stafford, 1435
Shattuck, 184; Cooke, 134. Total, 687.

THIRD GAME,

Company E—Shattuck, 140; Taylor, 166; Stafford,
104, Hoyt, 188; Cooke, 180, Total, 678,

Company C—Stokes, 145; Candee, 152; Webb, 1824
Pulis, 162; Buller, 125, Total a4.

The Riverside Wheelmen, who it is expected will |
make a strong bid forthe championship of the As
sociated Cycling Clubs of New York, rolled up two
high scores in the series last night) The results
were

FIRST GAME,

Madison Wheelmen—Stein burger, 144: Alexander
143; Hess, 147; Schreiber, 117, Yakel, 104, Lotal,
718,

Harlem Wheelmen—Dumahant 157; Welling, 125; |
Boese, 160; Du Barry, 176; Hedley, 182. Total, 703,

BECOND GAME,

Madison Wheelmen—Stoinburger, 1
140; Mess, 167, Schreiber, 131; Yakel,
Tu

Riverside Wheelmen—Breen
Beam, 145; Klingelhotter, 161
you.

Last night's games at the Maennerchor Hall alleye
completed the schedule, The scores:

FIWeT GAME

J. Meyer, 149; E. Mayer, 102; Lewis, 1825
Total. 66v,

| Garrick
Lambert, 12; Keis, 143,
Scho Schmitt, 128, Weber, 180; Baur, 160%
Nehis, 117, Schlinkert, 147, Total, 681,
SECOND GAMRB,.
Garrick—J, Meyer, 124, FE. Mayer, 08; Lewis, 10465
Lambert, 142; Reis, 140. Total, “26
Rehooner—sSchmitt, 141; Weber, 154; Baur, 188;
Nehis, 105, Schlinkert, 160. Total, 713,

 

Alexaniler,
Juv. Total, |

 

le: W. Gerdes, 17;
Arnold, lvl. Total,

THIRD GAME

* Harlem Wheelmen—Dumahaut, 182 Welling, 143
Boese, 14) Du Barry, 1 &, Hedley, 167. Total. x51
Riverside Wheelmen—Broen, 2O7, W. Gerdes, 147

Breetion 2
was cont

f the United Bowling Clubs tournament
ined at the Arcade alleys on Thursday

 
 

  

Beaw, 177; Klingeihotler, dys, Arnold, ide. Total, night. The scores
W1h, i FIRST GAME,
‘ t 7 ,
The three competing teams in the Naticnal Defender—Fleckenstein, 171: Roacnfeld, 1645
ee is - 6 a . " Hadler, 115; Goetz, 151; Meier, 177. Total, 749,
League series last night won one game each, The Aurania—Sowade, 126; Krug. 13; Schooppler, 1065
an FINET GAM) Steil, 152; Maller, 44, Total, 73%,
Fidelia—Timm, 120; Kilbel, Ist; Koster, 163; BRUGES OAR
Forye, 144; Amann, 158. Total, 74 Aurania—Sowade, 1; Krug, 140: Schoeppler, 178;
Orental—Mitchell, 135; Let ne t, 125; Vowel, 155 Stell, 124; Maller, 164. “otel, 6.2
Gillhaus, Iss; Btumpfel, 65. Total, 74s Bleecker Beam, 171, Hoertel, 145; Koeppen, 162;
SECOND GAME Rosenberg, 1h¥; Wrauge, 147. Total, 14,
Fidelia—Timm, 150; Kilbel, 188, Koster, 161 THIRD GAMB
Foege, 147; Amann. 184, Total, s70, Defender — Fleckenstein, 121; Rosenfeld, 119%
Wash ngton—D Shiman vw Zenn, J mM, Glovckner, 12, Goetz, 145. Meier, 142. Total, 459,
117, A, Shiman, 151, Kahi-dort, 165, Bleecker=feam, 162; Hoortel, 124, Koeppen, 1253

 

THIKD GAME. Nahmens, 174; Rosenberg, Inu. Total, 755,

Oriental—Mitehell, 168; Lehnert, 140; Vogel, 10.

 

Gillhaus, 175, Stumpfel, 186, Lotal, sas, The Welcome team @aaily carried off two games ia
Washington—D. Shimap. is0; Zinn, 184; Boehm, the Arlington National tournament last night. The
170, A. Shiman, 257, Kablsdorf, 103, Total, sio, scores
a> FIRST GAME,
Fern Conneil added two more games to its string Amity- Mackey, #0; Daub, 18h; Sorenson, 142;
| Of Victories in the Brooklyn Boy al Arcauuin tourna. Hessig, 172) Tucker, 8o. ‘Total, 578,
ment last bight. The scores Holselen—Lubrs, 160, Martens, 145, Jantzen, 1053

 

asa temporary membership committee, and |

a third wasto seleet men who will be elected
to fill offices for the first year,
peentemen have also taken to the idea very
wearily, and it is) believed that many non-
resident members wil!
roll

soon

Riverside Yacht Club Annual Meeting.

The annua! meeting of the Riverside Yacht
Club was held Jast night atthe arena. It was
weilattended and the reports of the officers
and committees showed the elub to beina
flourishing condition, The usual appropria-
tions were made forthe coming season. The
election resulted as follows:

  
    

 

 

Comodore, George G. Tyaon, schooner Nirvana
Vice-Commodore, James D, Brith, schooner Vikin
Rear Commo KE. Hope Norton, sloop Mewor
Treasirer. € 8 F Buxton: Secretary, JO. Por
ter: Moasurer, [. B. Perris; trustees for term ending
February, 1005, Frederick Belt, and Wo A. Hania
ton, for unoxpired term of George Lowther, re
sinned, Wid. i. Davids. Kematts Committee, Charles
P Tower (ebairman), WA. Huffington and F. 8
joremets

Menmbership Committee, Robert au
Mehenna and George EO Marke inment
Conuattee, J. Arthue Oatwell, Ss. LoL man and

| FW Brinley, Jr, Fleet Surg Dr. ti WH. tyson

Jr. Chaplains, the Kev. Dr. George ©. Houghton
t Key. Rufus Putuey and the Kev, Charles F
Loyiston,

Vale Has Hopes of International Games.
New Haven, Feb, 2.—Cant. Bascom Johnson

| of the Yale University track team says

"Af present negotiations are still going on

in regard to the holding ofa eet of return in

ternational games in this country. In spite of
some temporary hitel in the arrangements it
seers likely that the gimes will be arranged,
and the combined teams of Engiishmen frou
Oxford and Cambridge wil! become the guests
of Yale and Harvard,’

 

TRUSSES

BELI8, BANDAGES
Im proved construction
skilled adaptation
unequalled experiences;
Kepntation ostablahed

 

  
  
   

1. B. SEELGL, New Yoru, Philadelphia, Chico
Original teh TA of hard rubt Lriusses

alent, higheat professional patronage, reliable

M SERLEY persona at ie) Fast 23d «tN. 3

 

apical treatment of Herniaa

  

pes

ANTAL-MIDY.

Standard remedy for Gieet,
Gonorrh@a and Runnings
1% 48 HOURS. Cures Kid-
Rey and Bladder Troubles.

     
   
   

Out-of-town |

be added to the |

 

Hay, 117; \ gn, 139, Total, 642.
#ROCOND GAME

FIRST GAME.
Fern Council—Miller, 19; Thomas, 164%; Hat, 124;

 

 

 

Trimmer, 12%: Ketcham, 166, ‘Sotal, 7H, Anity Mackey, 176; Daub. 167; Sorenson, Ol
Burnside Councu—binster, 148, Brown, 202; Pow. Hess uw, 40, Ross, 100. Total, aso,
ell, 124; Barker, 148; Fianagan, 134. Total, 771. Wel ome—Bernet, 185, Schulve, 17%; Doerr, 1135
SRCOND GAME Schinidt, 60; Wender sth, 174. Total, sit
Burnside Couneil—Finster, 137, Brown, 184, sieht cela
Powell, 155; Barker, 175; Flanavan, 174. Total, Holechen—Luhrs, 140; Martens, 193; Jantzen,
RIA 137; Hay, 201: Riezen, 128, Total, 7h,
Tolanthe Council—Benners, 144; Shufelt, 11y; W loome-bernet, 18s. Schulze, 165, Doerr, 183;
Cwrey, 127; Smith. 14%; Kay, Isa. Total, 71, Schmit 175; Wenderoth, 14, Total, 866.
THIRD GAME ae
Tolanthe Coneii-bBeuners, v7; Shufelt, 10 Rewling Gumes To-night.
Carey, 222) Smith. 4) Kay, ita, Total, 384 Wholesale Drng Trade Association—Alleya 1
r es , olesa} u ation—J and
Fern Coun ul Miller bias Thomas, i, Hat, —General Chemical Coupany, Merck & Oo. an
140, Trimmer, 187, Ketcham, 177. Total, 702 Parke. Davin & Co, allevs % and ¢—Colgate & Oo,
; Dodee & Ol-ottan |B. W. Robinson & Sonat Reid's
East New York Council dropped two more games alleys
in the Brooklyp Royal Arcanum sub-tournament last Fire Insurance Leawue—Atmerican, Caledonian and

 

 
 

a}, at Reid's alleys,
Bonk Clerks’ League

Lhe scores;

night.

FIRST GAME Hamtiton, Bank, National

 

 

Lefferta Counei)—Van Riper, 156, Jewell, 148 "i kof the Republicand J.P. Morgen & Cp as Rela’
schembach, b65; Saati, 151; Kamuierver, 133, Toe | aber

ei ce th, 361; Kammerer, 183, To Litho Artist-Moeloth and Noewick, F. Kluckea
East New York Councith—Hemeke, 144: Ling, 1av, 4nd A Klocken and Harris and Strassburger, at the
Douglas, 114; Bichusen, 155, Rockefeller, o- , Arcade alleys

po igias: 134; Bichuses Rockefeller, 160. To Assoopited Cycling Clubs of Long Island—Class
' ennnsin. aive. BR Pere Wheel nm. Greater New York Wheelmen
mins Mave View Gcunctietlamben: 188) Lins 10 aid Detender Whoelmen, at the Elephant Club
: MC —Hemeke, 15 alt ‘m) , alleys,

Doughes, 17%; Bichusen, 138, Kockefeller, Ley. To my enty-sixth Ward -Manhattan va, Eocentric, at

#1, N78. .  Haller'salleys
De Long Council—Kosener, 224, Coolidge, 147; Huds n unty Catholic, Leagne—St, Aloysius

Hodgson, 142, Jauies, 114; Healy, 171,
THIRD GAME,
Rosener, 153; Coolidge, 165

botal, 045. Te cum ve St. Michaela of West Hoboken, at 8,
Aloysius Lyccum alleys,

be Long Council

    

  

 

 

  

Hodson, 11%, James, 157; Healy. 124, Total, sua | »
Letlerts Council—Van Miper bit, Jewell, boos As Dowling Notes,
chen bar os, Bonita, 142; Kamincrer, 176. Total, Mra Connolly more than met her match in the
710, second sores of games with Mrs, Kessel at the
—-- Ariington Hall alleys, Brooklyn, westerday after
There was juitea surprise in the Fire Insurance noon. The latter reeled off aconple of scores close
Liague veces on Thursday night, the leaders sus te the 200 mork and averaged 175 for the five games.
ing 4 double deteat, while one of the tail end Imonty one game was she beaten, Mrs. Connolly
teams won two gawes ; coring Lol against Mre. Keasel's 1060.
FIRST GAME j ee aoe
Northern~Sullivan, 175, Schlatter, 148, Sehue- | Forty-seventh Regiment Games,
hardt, 182. Baler, 145, ‘ rotal, 71 in ig :
Germanio- Valmedo, 124 Michel, 107; tHueth- The Forty--eventh Regiment A. A. gave @
wohl, 141; Habucl, 191; Barter, 140, Total, oa, “stag” ontertainmentilast night tn fhe Armory
ate AME | Marcy avenue and Rutledge street, Brooklyn,
or } and wo, Fler r IAS , ;
in eee a uM a) ue ‘ 4 \e mine. i “anus, The programme was a varied one, consisting
Norther Sullivan, 1o2. Scllatter, 178, Sehue- of athletic contests, bieyling, boxing and move
hardt, 215, Buller, 135; Starr, 160. Total, sae | ing pictures. It was thoroughly enjoyed by all
THIRD GAME present and the big armory was crowded,
Germania~Palmedo, 128: Michel, 182, Uneth

| A banner was giventothe company scoring

104; Habnel, 185; Barb he Total
It was won by Company A,

Pathlond, 154. Fleming, 114; Granus,

wohl
Greenwich

702

the most points

    

 

 

16a; Bey ies, 129; Ven Baun, 184, Sota), bie with 33, Company K made 16, Compaay D 8,
The Seaboard National Bank bowlers were the Company F7, and Company G 6, There were
Winuers of two ot tre bank Clorks Leacue games three exhibition bouts. The first was between
played at Reid's alleys on Thursday night. ihe | privates Rush and Holland of Company
PIRAT GAMER Db. The second was between the Rose
United States Sub-Treasury—Jordan, 172; Oakley, Brothers of the National A.C,, and the laat be-
127, Yates, baa, Copeland, tod, Jeukins, 185, Total, tween Prank Bryan and Jack Finnemore of the
bnant: Mat Jastime A.C. The pictures were illustrative
Pe eta Mi Hank —Jvfferds, 110. Davis, | of the Spanish-American War, and particularly
708 didwes, 200, Barger, Lol, DeVaismey, 140 ofthe Forty-seventh regiment in Puerto Rieo.
mn * skconD Gaus Thesunimary:
D GAME, |
the te as ~ . ; 100- Yard Dash, Serateh—Final heat won by Har
179, Vater e ae is rig -. A a tee ‘yey, Company Ay Thomas, Company D, seconds
Bil pee % enkins 4), Kerner, Company D, third, Time 118-5 seconds.
Tadenburs, Phaltann & Co-Beekon, 167: Wat ' One Mile HKievele Race, Seratch—Final heat won
Me Virgen, ba Wotiers dt tte dae feng! | by Ottman, Company K; Miller, Company P, second;
te avis PL DAS. TOM | Robertson Company K, third, Time, 2:°0-16.
baa pinks cau One Mile Run, Serateh—Won by Farrell, Compaay
: “me st A> Kerns Company G, second, Kagner, Company
Seaboard National Bank —Jefferds, 144; Davis, 175 G, third. Time, 5:484-5,
Hodges, 174 Barger, (50; DeVausney, 125. Total, 22.Yorl Dash, S rateh—Won by Harvey, Com
pany A. Kerner, Company K, second; Baden, Com

Ladenburg. Thalmann & Co-—Sacken, u0) Watson pany K. third Time, 27 4-6 seconde

 

 

 

 

247, Virgien, 200, Wagner, 121; Hill, 17h. Total, 440-Yard Run. S ratch-Won by Harvey; Snyder,
han Company K, second, Turner, Company K, tht
’ 4 ‘Lime, 2.08 15
fhe Sonth Taw's st dad evicto n Thure lwo Mile Bieyele Race, Seratch—Won by Ottman,
day pightinthe Arlington National tournasne f Company A: Walsh, Company F, second; Miller,
brooklyn ‘The scores Company F_ third
iAMI sac Yard Ron, Serateh—Won by Snyder, Company
> . K, Fleming, Company A, second; G, Crozier, m-
Cortuthian Ss. Walter, 176, T, Walter, 165, Woller 1 ' 2.45 4-6
171; Baker, 170, Holden, 154, “Total, #80 pany B, third. Sime, 8:00 4-0,
A. B. C.—Harl 44, Addicks, 147, McAuliffe, 147
Wichern, Ina, hel 86. Total, 77s | Yachting Notes,
|
SECOND Ga The annual meeting of the New York Yacht Club
A BC. Harlow t Adicks, 172; MeAuli@e, 163 Will be beld at the elnb house, U7 Madison avenue,
Wichern, 140, Kelly, 188. Lotai so on next Thuveday evening
South Pan 1—Lod we. DMO, Var tekar, Martin, Theannual meting of the New Rochelle Vachs
158, J. Biershenk. 1607, Jenkins, Lo mL Chibwill be datthe Horel Maohattan on Mon-
rHInp up day even pe Offlcers will be elected and reporte re
South Paw Lodize, ING; Vandekar, bd: Martin,  Celved from committees of the club,
Voi: do iaevehemk, 14%, Jenkina, low. Total, s4s Ss
Corinthians, Walt , 1. Walter, 1 Niles

 

146, Moker

Sportsman's Goods,

ies; Holden, 177. Total, 823
2 An

The Eccentric and Glenmore teams played a Brook

vn Twenty erxth Ward championship series of ganies
Steinheusers @lieys on Thursday might. Ihe
scores
FIRST GAME
Feeentric-Corduan, 140; 00 C. Steinheouser, 171
Hu, erecohouser, b45; bucholty, tdy. Lboret, 161

a3 cents to 85,00—about half
Not many of them,
Transvaal Model

         

 

 

(enmore—L, Bierman 24
Bierman, 124, Batch,

“71

}l4. N,
Lota,

Kvidabl :
Steslenan, la? price,
| o-day only.

Mauser Rifles

165,
SECOND Ginn,

Excentric—Corduan, 164.7. C. Steinheuser, 14

 

HG Steinhenser, 124; Bucholts, 16 borer " . ‘ :
Total, 738, are displayed in our windows,
Glenmore—L, Bierman, 18, Kyidall, itt N .
Bierman, 116; Batch, 123; Steelman, 86. Total “Ss h i
M choverling
Company C carried off the honor. in a closely cor ’
tested series of games inthe | wor y third Regiment
tournament on fii sday nig Thes
st: aly
Company C—Stokes, 145. Candeo  ¢ Wil

158, Pulis, 156: Butler, 142. Total, 71
Company G—Bates, 1), Vanderpool
@ay, 103; Conklin, 150; Neilsen, 123,

SECOND GAME

Company G-Neilsou, 199, Sates, 100, Lindsay,

124, Lind
Total, dag

Gales, *™

| 302-304 Broadway, cor. Duane St,