———— — eee
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1900.
co — —— =
Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.
DAILY, per Month eeoese * =
DAILY, por Year ‘ i

AUNDAY, per Year ‘
DAILY AND BUNDAY, per Year ” S

DAILY AND BUNDAg, per Mouth

Postage to foreign countries added.
Tue Sus, New York City,

 

Parise Kioague No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and

Klosqyue No. 10, Boulevarde dr » Capncines.

Yt our Jriende v ho favor ut with manuscripts for
publication wal te have vejected articles retur ned, they
qual in all cases send stamps for that purpose

In Kentucky.

‘Troubled as things are in Kentucky, it is
pone the less clear that TAYLOR is still the
Governor, ‘The formalities indispensable
for a Legislative declaration that GORBEL
is Governor have not as yet been complied
with, and while they are lacking TAYLOR
holds on with flawless title to his office.

It is said that none of the conditions
under which the Constitution gives the
Governor powertodirect the Legislature to
assemble in any other place than the State
Capitol—namely, war pestilence or insurs
rection— existed when Governor TAYLOR
directed the Legislature to repair to Lon-
don. If that is so, the remedy is in the
Legislature's hands. They can impeach the
Governor for violation of the Constitution,
A violation of the Constitution on his part,
however, gives no right to revolution.

This we say in the convietion that the
Legislature of Kentucky is guilty of fraud
{n its undertaking to defeat the election of
TayLorand put GOEBEL in his seat.

--

 

The South African War and English
Common Sense.

The announcement in Parliament that in
a fortnight Great Britian will havea forve
of 218,000 troops in South Africa, more
than five-sixths of them regulars, furnishes
statistical evidenve of the terrible strain
to which fhe South African war has put the
British Empire, Never before in English
history has that country had anything like
60 large a force in the tield,

If, then, Great Britain cannot speedily
overcome the Boers with such a force, if
Ladysmith falls in spite of it, what will be
theoutcome? Large as it is, the necessity
of protecting extended lines of communica-
tion and providing against a Dutch uprising
in Cape Colony, together with the losses
of troops incurred and with the many
ineffectives inseparable from war, will re-
duce the actual fighting force in direct
vontact with the enemy to perhaps not many
more than 100,000 men, Of these, the
best disciplined are already in South Africa
and they have suffered from the strain,
the casualties and, to extent,
the demoralization of constant defeat.
The troops recently arrived now
on the way to the field) of war are
chiefly raw recruits who have yet to be
whipped into shape for arduous campaign-
ing. Meanwhile the army in South Africa
has been grievously depleted of officers by
the killed, wounded and captured, This,
for instance, has caused a sad deficiency in
subalterns competent for their duty, and
unless the innovation of promoting to
commissions experienced —non-commis-
sioned officers is adopted the loss will be
of serious consequence.

The gravest feature of the situation for
Great Britain, however, is that practically
it has now exhausted its possibilities in the
way of raising armies under its present
military system, Recruiting in England
is slow, and naturally so, in view of the
experience in South Africa. A ‘Scots:
man,” writing to THe SUN yesterday,
expressed a very general civilian feeling in
the United Kingdom, in demanding the
continuance of the struggle to the bitter
end; butas in the processthe discoinfitures
and the losses of the British troops are
likely tobe as great and as demoralizing as
they have been, how is Great Britain to
raise the steady supply of reénforcements
which will be necessary? [t is obvious
that unless the tide shall soon turn in
favor of the British, that if Ladysmith
falls, and other beleaguered armies are
captured or even kept useless in their pres-
ent “prisons,” as Dr, Leyps hasvalled them,
the British resort must be to the extreme
measure proposed by Lord ROSEBERY
in the debate on the Queen's speech the
other day, that is to ‘some form of compul-
gory service to meet the growing needs of
the Empire.” If such a conscription
enforced “Scotsman” and other subjects
of the Queen who sympathize with his de-
sire to fight it out in South Africa, at what-
ever cost of life, will have their devotion to
the Empire put to a supreme test, and that
itis a test which must be and will be applied
if the war continues after this campaign
is the very genetal conviction among the
officers of the British Army, though as yet
the disposition of the civilian public toward
the proposed innovation has not been mani-
fested.

It may be assumed that the detinite form-
ation of a measure sovompletely un-English
in character would provoke bitter opposi-
tion, At any rate, it would at once bring
before the English people an alternative
that would set them thinking less excitedly
and hysterically than they have been feel.
ing during the last three months.

It would be the alternative of making
peace or continuing the war atthe price of
conseription, Thus, then, the destructive
struggle in South Africa would be brought
home to every Englishman
ing to him a_ personal
English papers are saying
WHITE should “cut his way out’
Ladysmith ‘at any cost” as a neces.
sary sacrifice to“ English pride.” If these
editors and the others were compelled
themselves to make such a sacrifice for a
purpose purely sentimental and wholly
unmilitary, probably they would feel dif-
fervently. If thousands of British troops
have already surrendered to the Boers be-
cause further opposition was hopeless, why
may not and why should not Gen, WHITE
yield to the same compulsion vather than
squander the lives of his troops in vain

bravado’ The troops concerned would soon
have ready an answer to that question and
their feeling would be shared by these

sole

is

by present.
peril, Certain

that Gen.

“armchair critics “if the loss of their civil-

ian security was the price they must pay

for their bloodthirstiness, under the com-

pulsion of a military conscription,

The question as to the endurance @f
the war is likely, therefore, to be settled by
events which be will of speedy oc@urrence in
If Ladysmith falls and Gen,

South Afvieu,

WHITE'S awriny iS surrendered the “

LOSERERY has said

CDM AD +

of |

some
form of compulsory serviee,” which Lord
“dnust be introduced,”
will he foreedkinto prominence as a practi-

@al measure of legislation for discussion by | parte of Mindagao aad Palawan as

       

 

the English people.

and prejudices. And the cause of all the
trouble would be a war in far-away South
Africa, provoked on the theory that it
could not be wore than a trumpery affair
soon flnished!

Would not the price exacted seem to sen-
siblo Englishmen ridiculously dispropors
tionate to the advantages possibly to be
gained at so fearful a cost? ‘To resort to a
revolutionary change in all English cus-
toms, precedents and ideas a6 a necessity
for the preservation of the British Empire
created by the side issue of a conflict with
two little South African republics would
be aconfession of extremity to the world
which England would be loath to make;
which calm reflection would see ought pot
to be made and need not be made, It
is a suggestion bred by unreasoning
excitement rather than a conclusion
which the fruit of cool and sound
judgment; but such judgment will
come to the English people. They have
made a bugbear of this war, for really the
integrity of the British Empire is in ne
danger; the only smart has been to English
pride,

Of course, there are Continental jeers
over lost British military prestige, but
practically nothing has been lost except
British soldiers in battle and by  dise
ease in South Africa. The purely mili-
tary prestige of England was not high when
the war began; WELLINGTON — himself
laughed at the British military system and
its weakness was well understood by every
competent Continental military eritic long
before the South African disaster took
place; vet all hands are now kept by the
British Navy at as respectful a distance as
ever, Moreover, the English armies, in
fighting against the Boers, have come up
against conditions which are new to warfare
and have tended to revolutionize its tactics.
Blunders and deficiencies there have been,
and the British have only stumbled into a
knowledge of the advantage of the modern
defence, but their jeering critics might not
have done any better. Great Britain has
made a brave fight against unchangeable
military facts. The lesson it has learned
has been largely new to war, and the cost
at which it has been learned might have
had to be paid by any army. There has
really been no humiliation for England.
It was an inglorious war at the best,
and victory would have exposed it to
the jeers of its enemies no less than
defeat is now doing. <A man’s whipping
a boy is no evidence of heroic prowess
anda great Empire's retiring from the an-
noyanve of prolonged encounter with a
struggling infant in Statehood could be no
disgrace, for everybody knows that Great
Britain is competent to whip, to extermi-
nate the Boers if it givesits whole thought
and energy tothe job. If, however, rather
than take that trouble, involving the dis-
turbance of its order, traditions and cus-
toms, it listens to terms of peace its practi-
cal sense will be everywhere recognized,

Unless, then, BULLER is successful and
Ladysmith is relieved, we look for a change
in English judgment concerning this war.
If Wire is driven to surrender the con-
flict must take a new start and be of an in-
definite and injurious duration, for which
Great Britain could get no possible compen-
sation for its sanguinary pursuit. It is a
foolish war for England, a conflict into
which the British Empire was precipitated
by sinister motives and influences, and to
sacrifice many more thousands of lives in
its prosecution would pot seem to aveord
with English cominon sense. In the inter-
ests of humanity the warought tostop, and
to that end friendly mediation by the United
States may, any day, become acceptable.

is

The Schurman Commission's Report,

The first instalment of the report of Mr.
McKIN-ey'’s” Philippine Commissioners,
President ScHURMAN of Cornel!, Admiral
Dewey, ex-Minister Denby and Prof. DEAN
C, WORCESTER, Was spread before the public
yesterday morning by THE Sty. It is a
document which justifles the appointment
of the Commission, and at the same time
bears witness to the good judgment shown
in the selection of its members.

Not only as an unequalled repository of
facts about existing conditions in the
islands but also for its calm and temper-
ate discussion of the main problems of
future government, the Commission's re-
port will be studied closely in Congress
and by the people generally. At present it
is our intention to refer to some of the
more salient features that arrest the atten-
tion amid the necessarily great volume of
detail and argument.

In the first place, the Commissioners do
not tolerate for an instant either the idea
of abandonment of the Philippines by the
United States to an uncertain destiny, or
the chimerical scheme of a protectorate
by which this Government should be re-
sponsible to foreign nations for the con-
duct of the Filipinos while having renounced
control over their internal affairs, It was
an impossible relation of this sort which the
insurgents proposed before they began
hostilities, and for which many of the
Aguinaldian sympathizers in this countrys
have been steadily contending. The Com-
missioners say plainly that external respon-
sibility and internal dominion must go hand
in hand,

As to the sentiment of the revolting
Filipinos, the Commissioners believe that,
whatever may be their desires as to ultimate
self-government, What they want most isa
guarantee of those fundamental human
rights and liberties whieh belong to Ameri-
cans, but which were denied to them under
Spanish rule, They donot generally desire
immediate independence, Even among the
Tagalogs, the Commissioners say, the idea
of immediate independence is a more or less
superfluous appendage to the insurrection-
ary movement,

The plan of a self-governing colony, bear-
ing to the United States the same relation
as Canada or Australia bears to Great
Britain, is dismissed as clearly a mistit for
the Philippines. The report recognizes the
unlimited power of Congress over outlying
possessions, and it proposes that without
waiting for the entire suppression of the
rebellion a form of Territorial Government
be instituted and gradually extended over

the islands, generally modelled upon the |

acbeme outlined by Tomas Jerrerson and

authorized by Congress in 1804 for the |
Louisiana purchase, the first territory ac- |

quired beyond the original limits of the
United States,

But the Commissioners think that
even from the very outset it) will be
safe to extend to the Filipinos somewhat
larger liberties of self-government thap
JEFFERSON thought it proper to accord
to the inhabitants of the Louisiana Top.
ritory. Leaving out) of the question

the conditions in the Sulus, and in surly

The necessity of a
radical change in the whole military sys-
tem will raise a question utterly new to
Englishmen, for the requisite change would
be foreign to English methods, notions

THE SUN, SATURDAY,

 

are occupied by tribal Indians, where
government will have to be conducted
through the agency of sultans or chiefs, the
proposition is to establish in the Philippines
| a Territorial Government of the first class,
| with «a Governor and executive officers
appointed by the President, 4 Legislature
having the lower house elected by the
Filipinos and the upper house half elected

by them and half appointed from
Washington; giving to the Territory
the right to send oa Delegate to

the Congress in Washington, and to Con-
gress the right to veto all Territorial legis-
lation. This plan is in most respects simi-
lar to the provisions of a Constitution pre-
pared and submitted by prominent Filipinos
friendly to American sovereignty. And
this plan the Commissioners, ‘‘after a
due consideration of circumstances and
conditions in the Philippines, earnestly
recommend,

On the important question of the tariff
the Commission is positive in the belief
that the economie conditions here at home
and those in the Philippines differ so widely
asto make impossible any near approach
to uniformity, either for proteetive pur-
poses or for revenue, Their conclusion
is Similar with respect to internal taxes.
That is to say, both the customs
duties and the internal revenue system of
the Philippines should be independently
arranged, The currency question the Com-
mission would leave to be solved by time,
believing that American money will sooner
or later supplant all other money.

The report of the Sehurman Commission
is by ho means the last word on the ques-
tion of Philippine reorganization, but it
will make it easier for Congress to pro-
nowunce the last word when the time comes,

Puerto Rico.

If some sort of tariff must be between the
United States and Puerto Rico, let us have
it at once. Puerto Rico remains indus-
trially prostrate because the American tariff
which stands against the rest of the world
still stands against Puerto Rico, although
she is under American sovereignty, She
is to-day an adopted child, whose oid
mother is dead to her and whose new mother
refuses togive her a home.

Efforts to clear away the various obstacles
which have prevented fair play with Puerto
Rico during atime scandalously in excess
of what was necessary to bring relief to
her at the hands of Congress, cannot be
too vigorous or too hurried,

SED

Lawton.

Here is a suggestion of which the ap-
proval will be general;

To tHe Epirorn or THe Sux- Sir - The remains
of Geu Lawios. having been carried in state
through the streets of Baa Francisco, are now on
their way (o Washington. itappears that they are to
be transterved at Jersey City and thence sent onto
the Capital, It seems to me that it is due alike to
the prestige of the metropolis of the country and to
the fame and services of Gen, Lawton that this
town (whose citizeus responded so promptly and
generously tothe Lawton fund) should bave the
opportunity to honor the illustrious dead,

1 would suggest that the remains be
landed at the Battery, brought up to the head of the
vity and thence across to the Pennsylvania Railroad
Suitable escort could be found eitherin the Second
Massachusetts, which was in Gen, Lawion's division
(Pirst Brigade aud fought at El Caney and Sautiago,
coriu the Beventy-frst New York, who formed a part
of our division after July 6, remaining with us until
the fall of the city.

Lam sure thatthis propostion will find favorin
the minds of thousands who admire the record and
eharacter of this gallant, modestand simple-winded
soldier. G, Creiosnion Wess,

leate Major and Inspector General, U. 8. V

A public procession of the nature indi-
cated is none too great an honor for the
oue General offiver killed during the ever-
to-be-memorable War of 1898, Let it be
brought about by all means, with greater
circumstance, with a larger escort than is
recommended by Major Wess, so that the
Jesson of Lawton’s life and death may be
tnpressed upon all in this community,

therefore

The Polo Mallet and the Sword,

Outdoor sport isglorious. It makes bright
eyes, clear skins and heathful bodies, brave
spirits, good morals and sane philosophy.
England is its home of homes, Shooting,
fishing, hunting, and games of all sorts,
cricket, football, lawn tennis and golf have
flourished in England asin no other country,
with all ages and all eonditions of men,
So also of polo, in some respects the king of
games. English villages have their cone
mons where sports can be indulged in, and
every camp has its athletic fleld. Bats
and balls are found in the camp trains of
every British regiment, and when naval
officers also start on a cruise, they take
them along to use ashore at every port.

It will therefore surprise no one familiar

with English habits to read the report
that “a game of polo was played yester-
day,” Jan, 29, “at Spearman's Camp.”

There, we believe, Gen. BULLER has his
headquarters, The pause in the war opera-
tions against the Boers was used by the
officers of the recently defeated force for
the beguilement of a game of polo.

The cheerful and undaunted spirit that
ean play polo at such trying times is doubt-
less admirable, but all the same after the
war is over, or pr mssibly before, the British
may ask whether this uni-
versally cultivated love of outdoor amuse-

themselves

ment, so excellent in itself, has not
been largely reaponsible for the in-
ferior professional training unquestion-
ably bampering the British military
leaders. Has there not been too much
polo, or other things of its kind? Has not

civilian play taken time that should have
been given to military work? And has not
play filled the minds of its votaries in the
British Army with thoughts of cups and
matehes and how to win them, instead of
with the s-vious problems which soldiers
Mist expect meet and be trained
solve? We ineline to think it has,

We are satistied that the British Army
would to-day be a vastly more efficient
fighting machine if, among its officers there
had been less polo and more “ hay-foot,
straw-foot.” We respectfully advise the
officers at Spearman's Camp to drop their
mallets and, girding on their swords, go to
drilling thearmy and studying the attack,

to to

More beautiful) than ever, the Hon,
James Hamintos Lewis has reappeared in
Washington, which he fills with bright pink
| atmosphere. “1 am still very much in the
| political whirl,” he says, aud certainly the
political whirl is still very muchin him, But
he shows no disposition to nominate himself
for Vice-President. Indeed, hecheerfully offers
the honor to others, He feels that there is
something better due to him, and so he bides
| his time.

Young Men's Demoeratic Club of
Boston still exists, doubtless for deeply latent
reasons, and has been much cheered of late by
a letter from the Hoa TN N. THayer,
the Democratic Representative in Congress
from the Worcester district. Mr THayep
rages against “wild imperialists’ and
“flendish statement.” and “ waste, carnage,
destruction and death.” Mr. VTaaver jg
ap eminent member of the Nur Club, ang it ie

The
at

 

SSS SSS SSS SSS sss SSS SS

        

FEBRU

 

 

his chief delight to carry waste, carnage. de- |

struction and death to foxes and such small
deer. He is likewise, and his letter shows, a
person with a considerable capacity for flend-
ish misstatement. Finally, having a voice like
the ‘sound of many waters, he deems it his
duty to write as loud as he talks.

We record with sorrow the demise of the
Boston Authors’ Club. It wassome two weeks
old. Internal troubles. Some of the authors
who feel that they are really and truly authors,
entitled to a niche and a pedestal, seem to have
been saddened by the thought that the club
contained authors leas majestic, The china
frowned at the earthenware, and now all is bro-
ken. There will be a club of the select and
elect, and it will contain several peraons whose
glory has reached-South Boston and Chelsea.

In the Senate yesterday the Hon, Rich-
ARD FRANKLIN PETTIGREW was not permitted
to pettigrew about one of his innumerable
resolutions. “In the interest of the public
business,” the Hon. Epwarp O1iver WoL-
cort objected tothis resolution, Theobjection
is unintelligible to Mr, Perrigrew. He regards
the Senate as exiating for the purpose of hear-
ing and seeing him pettigrew.

SS SE aren

TUE CANAL SCHEME,

A Statement of Facts That Affect It, by the
Chairman of the Commission.

To tHe Eptror or THe S8UN~Sir: Re-
plying to Tae Sun editorial of this morn-
ing, | respectfully submit that you do not ac-
curately state the canal propositions, They
are as follows:

First-That an adequate canal can transport
freight at prices from one-third to one-fourth
of the lowest ever charged by the railroads of
this State. The capacity of sucha canal is in
exceas of 20,000,000 tons per annum, and on
this tonnage the saving in cost of transporta-
tion will exceed $18,000,000 per annum.

Secoad—Railroad rates are not decreasing,
but are increasing in consequence of the en-
hanced prices of materials and labor.

Third—As a rallroad terminal New York is at
a disadvantage with rival ports on account of
differentials and other causes,

Fourth—As the terminus of a water route
New York has great advantages over rival
porta, because no other State can build a canal,
for topographieal reasons,

Fifth--Cheap water transportation across the
State will vot injure, but will benefit the rail-
roads of this State by increasing its population
and wealth and introducing new industries,
such as steelmaking and shipbuilding. This
wili give them more passengers to carry and
more local freight, from which their profits are
chiefly derived. FRaNcIs V. GREENE,

New York, Feb. 2.

Mr. Carnegie Denies the Report of His

Contribution to Bryan

To tae Epiron oF Tae SuN—Sir: 1 notice
the following in Tuk Sun, from the Chicago
Record:

A Democratic Senator says that Mr, Carnegie has
authorized him to offer Mr, Bryau a “liberal” con-
tribution to the Democratic campaign fund ou the
uuderstanding that he would come out boldly agaiust
expansion. ‘The Senator quotes Mr, Carnegie as
saying:

“Lprefer to have Bryan in the White House, with
a Democratte Congress at his back to undo the work
of currency reform, rather than have McKinley there
with power tu hold the territory conquered from
Spain.”

‘This was reported to Mr. Bryan when he was here
the other day and gratefully accepted by him. Mr,
Carnegie declines either to confirm ordeny the story.
The Democratic leaders here generally believe it tu
be true.

Other papers have covied {t and some friends
think it worth contradiction, I beg to vontra-
dict it. The issues of the coming Presidential
election are not yet determined, and what one's
duty may be cannot be known uctil they are
If a choice of evils be presented ove will have
to choose the least as seen in November.

New York, Feb, 1. ANDREW CARNKGIE,

Dr. Broughton and Stenographers.

To tHe Epitorn oF Tae Sus—Sir: L must invegh
against the alleged Rev. Dr. Lon G, Broughton, why,
in ap address ata revival meeting, used language as
reported, inconsistent with any religious or geutle
manly instincts, According tu your report he made
remarks reflecting ou the characterof women sten
ographers, alleging that ‘‘ulne tenths of the women
stenographers were licensed to lewdness.”’

The man simply lies, Lbave been for thirty years
@ very close observer of the development of

business in New York, inthe matter ofthe employ

ment of women 4s stevographers, typewriters,
telegraphers, boukkeepers, drummers aud cleif»
generally. My observation has been that busy set’

Supporting young women tn these occupations ate
not Liable to insults by men, and are as generally
vespected as Women not so employed and more re

spected than women not employed atall.

I have in my employ at present four young Women
atenographers, and probably have had in the past
fifteen yoars at least ten others, who have either
married or gone into the employ of others. Assu
ciated with these ladies are not less than twenty-five
young men end an equal numberof young women,
not of the clase of oecupation which the alleged
minister of God condemns wholesale, Not one of
these young women ever had an insult offered her.
but every man in our employ will fight for the repu-
tation of hie fellow employees of the other sex.

I am a Southerner, was a a@laveholder, do not
believe in lynch laws, but am firmly convinced
that Dr. Broughton onght to live in New Jersey or
Delaware or some State where ducking of scolds or
cowhiding of thieves of reputations is lawful pun
ishment Wintiam FG, SHANKS

New Yorg, Feb, 2.

Monestrosities in the Streets.

To Tar Eprror or THe Scn—Sir: Keferring tothe
subject of ‘Monstrosities inthe Streets,” will you
permit me to inform your correspondents that many
of those creatures are regularly sent cut by a
padrone’

Years ago iv Old Depau row on Bleecker street, in
Miser Paine’s palmy days, there was a society of the
horrible elite, | was called professionally to treat

many of ite members. Some of them made ask much as
$15 aday, Miser Paine was very intimate with them

and he, as you know, left iu Mr. Chickering’s bands |

when hedied nearly $500,000, 1 know one to-day
who owns real estate in this same old neighborhood
worth $40,000,

The Legislature should enact a jaw prohibiting the
exhibition of mutilated trunke by those who appeal
fordenevolence. [assure you, from personal knowl
edge asa doctor, that many of them are in io finan:
cial need, ALBrRIS, Asumean, M.D

New Yora, Feb. 2

Reward for Mutilators of Heine Fountain,

To THe Eptror or TAR SUN—Ner 1 have searched
the newspapers iu vain for some indication that the
police authorities are any nearer to the detection of
the malefactors who are responsible for the recent
outrageous mutilation of the Heine Fountain

The execution of the deed indicates a well-arranged
plan in which a number participated,

A sufficiently large reward will probably lead some

one who may have been in the plot toa minores
tent to furnish information to the police that will

lead to the apprebension and conviction of the chief |

criminals ta the matter, and T hereby offer $50.00 ax
the nuclens of a fund to be offered as an award for
that purpore.

Let every broad-minded citizen show his hatred of
such blind malice and prejudice by subscribing for
the restoration and future preservation of the monu-
ment A. L Govowaren, M.D

New York, Jan. 31

An Earlier "Man With Hoe’ Competition.

Yo tae Eptrorn or Tuer Sux —Sir:
summed up in these verses an answer to
With the Hoe?”

“Children of yesterday,

Heirs of to-morrow,
Look at your fabric

Of labor and sorrow,
Seamy and dark

With despair and disaater
Purn it, and—lo,

‘The design of the Master!
‘The Lord's at the loom,

Room for Him

Room!”

This, | believe, is the last stanga of a poem by Miss
Mary A. Lothbury, which won the trst prize ina
competition of 3,000 on’ Labor” HH

PrairieLD, N.d,, Feb, 2

Is there not
The Man

Then and
To tak Eprion oF Tae Sun-—Sir) I

Now,

have read

what “Scoteman” hasto say in reply to Tur Sun's

editorial on mediation in South Africa, Why is the

“mother country’ apy more in the right now than |

in the war with this country @ century ago! “Scots

man conld not make anybody outside of his own
nat.on believe that the Jameson raid or the present
war is forany other reason thas for the goid and
diamonds found tn such large uantities in’ the
South African republics DU LOH AMERICAN

Bar:

Itomemade Wooden Teeth,
From the Cinciana’l Enquirer
Borre, led. dan Albion bas au economical
genius in the person of James Hyde, He makes his

own teeth out of hickory wood and holds them in
Jace with # wouden baudle. Me ia able to ent the
Yonghee moos

24

 

| case Mr, Ryan quotes, | think the keeper paid the
|
|

} To tHe

ARY 3, 1900.

!  @4Hr Wan IN soUTHM AFRICA,

The despatch from Tux SUN correspondent at
Gen. Buller's headquarters dated Wednesday
and received yesterdaythrows some light on the
events immediately preceding that date, but
leaves thy question open as to whether the re-
connoitring party which he accompanied found
two spans of the bridge at Hongers Poort had
been destroyed by the Boers, or was de-

| stroyed by the British fores he was
with, The firet interpretation would
go to bhow that the Boors had done it in order
to obstruct the British advance to Bethany on
| to the road to the Drakensberg passes; in
| the other case it would mean that the British
| had destroyed them in order to prevent a Boor
Movement round the British left from that
point, This view also helps to confirm the
j SUpposition ventured on when Gen. Warren's
retreat across the Tugela was announced that
| It was hastened by some flanking movement

| threatened hy the Boers to the left rear of the

| British force by the Bethany route. ‘This ac-
tivity of the British indicates preparation for
the forward movement foreshadowed by the
report of Gen. Buller's speech, in which he held
out hopes forthe speedy relief of Ludysmith;
but the absence of all reference to the direction

by which it might be made leaves the
matter jin doubt There is, however,
a slight indicution in the description

given of the killing of a number of Boers
on the road between Potgieter’sa Drift and Co-
lenso Ly a picket of Bethune’s mounted infan-
try. This attention paid by Gen, Buller to that
part of the course of the Tugela is a reason for
watching critically the news that continues to
be dated from Spearman's Camp; and Gen,
Joubert svems to be of the opinion that all
danger from that side has not been entirely
removed, as he left his headquarters on the
Modder Spruit to Juspect the positions held by
his right on Tuesday. The accumulation of
large quantities of stores by the British at
Zunkles seems to justify his apprehensions.

The War OMece report that there were
twenty deaths from fever in Ladysmith on
Thursday contradicts the unofficial statemente
that the health of the garrison there was good,

The reports coming from the Modder Biver
show some uctivity on the part of the Boers in
front of Geu, Methuen, but give no indication
of its motives. As the Bours appear to be kept
very welliuformed al! of the British movements,
they are probably manvwuvring to meet the
new combinations reported to them from
Cape Town an‘ other places where they have
sympathizers,

The story of the relief of Mafeking by Col,
Plumer’s forve resolves Itself into a reconnois-
sance of a Boer laager south of Gaberones, to
which place he returned after having, it is said,
captured two Boer flags.

The sensational reports about masses of men
being poured into South Africatake no account
of what the transport and provisioning of such
an army as is spoken of involves. With the
comparatively small bodies of men already
in the fleld, the transport taxes the
best efforts of those whose duty it is
to carry out this most difficult and responsible
duty, What it will be when the force to be fed
on lengthening communications is doubled,
and perhaps troubled, will require the highest
organizing capacity; while a breakdown from
any cause might prove disastrous. The corre-
spondent of a London papery speaks of the prob-
ability of the campaigu collapsing with unex-
pected suddeuness, but at the same time urges
the despatch of every nan who can be sent
out to insure the Boer defeat. So far the
Boers show no sign of an intention to quit the
flelu stop Jighting, and it would seem as
though nothing less than the absolute ex-
haustion their military resources would
bring the wartoanend. It was reported the
other day thal (heir arsenal was destroyed by
an explosion, but it now turns out that it was
ouly an ordinary foundry and machine shop at
Johannesburg belonging toa Scotchman who
was turning out shells to fit the British guns
that were captured at Colenso, that was
damaged by the blowing up of a boiler.

There should soon be some indications of
what course the campaign is likely to take; but
as ap ariny issaid to march on its belly, the
tens of thousands of troops already in South Af-
rica and on their way out, will be of little use
until the land transport requisite for the work
has been collected and organized; and that
has yet to be done.

or

¢
ol

The Italians.

To dure Eptton or THE Sus You bave
perbaps neticed that the few complimentary re
marks made about the Italian people im New York
iu ‘THe Sus of the 24th ult, have been translated
and copied very extensively in the [talian papers
This gives me au occasion to say a few things which
| have been very much on tay mind

There is no class of people that appreciates a few
kindly statemeuts truthfully made as the Italian
| people. Too long bave they received nothing but
slurs aud kichs. Aw a race we all know that they
| have been more sinned against than sinning, They
have been the victims of @ horrid despotiam and
their present position is more the result of oppres
sion than of their own seeking
very sensitive race and full of talent
| class of people a word of encouragement litts them
up and opens the way to self-respecting and law-
abiding citizenship, while, on the other hand, a slur
| ora kick makes them sullen and vicious, You have
surely remarked that while the number of Italians

8
w

; in New York increases, the criminal record de-
' creases, Of course, not a little of the credit is due to
| the zealous, hard-working priests and sisters who

} are laboring in this difficult fleld

It is their unfailing testimony that the Italians are
avery suber, industrious, honest and moral clags of
people, The Italiane are contributing to our Com
monuwealth some very valuable elements. The chbil-
dren learn English readily, rank high in intelligence
in the sehools and bave inbred in them the rever
ence for lawand anthority which is a peculiar trait
of the Latin races,
| There will be no better citizens in all the land
than this veneration of Italian children, if they de
| velop normal! Ipeir norma! development will be
} very materially hastened in the sunshine of appre
| ciation and favor of our best American people
|
|
|
|
|

 

A.P. Doytr,

New York, Feb, 1 Catholic World Magazine,

Against Capital Punishment,

To tHe Eptror ov TH Sun Sieve Mr, Ryan's
defence of capital punishinent in your issue of Jan,
| 81 is interesting, He bewails the fact that when the
supreme punishment has been inflicted on a crim.
| imal, vo further punishment can be inflicted, Aman
in prison for lite for murder cannot be made to
serve another term for another murder. T think the
gate swings both ways, Suppose the criminal is
known to have committed a handful of murders,
He can be tried for but one ata time, and when con-
vieted and sentenced to death for one. he cannot be
punished forthe others, Tsuppose that, in this «

| Mr. Rean will still feel unsatisfied
Capital puntshinent may not be revenge, but it is

ase,

| certainly revengeful [t is “a life foralifte’ It im
effective only as it prevents one person—the criminal
| operated upon-from committing further murders

It has no effect upon the vast army of posaible mur
devera, unless to make murder more of a fine art
than formerly, acarefully considered piece of work
that may baffle the shrowdest detectives In the

penalty of bis careleseness and will probably serve

asa lesson to bis anecessors, If so, he haa not died

Carelesaness i8 sometiines as criminal as
Girornce T. Pursan

in vain
murder,
CraneMont, N.H,, Feb.

From a Man Who Lived With Hebrew and
Trish.

Pprron or Tue If Dr. Park:
hurator anybody else says that the Jews and the

Trish of New York cif) hate one
another, he makes an assertion for w bich tauere are
no yrounds whatseever, For twenty years T lived in
the Neventh ward, inthe midst of apopulation which
fe now almost entirely Jewish. During most. f the
weriod of my residencein the district, the Irish and
ebrew elements Were about equal in poimt of
numbers, I never witnessed any evidence of how
tthity between the two races. On the contrary, they
seemed to yet on very we las neighbors and business
associates WILLIAM B. CLARKe
New Youre

aUNe St

are enemies, or

Jan, $1

the Philippine Friars,

forme Borronor Tar Sts—Siro Inthe Sanday

edition of aNew ¥
The Ph

ss ati article
muitestiy untrue

HeWspaper aps
entitled lippiue Frave
and absurd on the ta f Weask the heads of
these great monastic orders in this country, the
Dominicans, Adgiietioiaue, Franciscans, to publiesy
refute uch slauders 45 Lave recently mainet circu
lation 4 Uszmouiy Larwomay,
N. Uy dam. 845

Withal they area
With such a

INORBASE IN CITY'S PAYROLL,

 

Comptroller Coler Says vs Nothing Like
986,000,000,

Comptroller Coler’s attention was called yes-
terday to newspaper articles in which it was
alleged that there had heen a very @reat in-
crease inthe salary account of the city for 1900
over 1800, Mr. Coler made this statement in
rogard to the matter:

“TL have seen the statement published ina
Morning nowspaper to the effect that the
salaries of city employous amount to $6,000,000
more in 1000 than in 184), This statement is
very much exaggerated. ‘Thereis only one de-
Partmont inthe city government the payrolls
of which callfor amounts very much larger
than those of last yoar and that is the Depart-
ment of Education, due to the provisions of the
Ahearn law, The mandatory provisions of the
Ahearn act call for an additional expense of
about $1,400,000, to which should be added

tho schedule increuses made by the diferent
School Boards to equalize interme tiate sal-
aries, The diMflculty with the statement in
Question is that itis based upon a comparison
of S¥0 very imperfect sources of information
the lists of employees of theelty government as
published in the City Kecord on Jan. 31. To

isprove the statement in question conclusively
Would necessitate an analysis of the actual
payrolls of the city, which is @ long and tedious
undertaking, and it would be just as difficult
to prove & negative in the vase of the $6,000,000
estimate as it would be if the figure had been
$16,000,000,

“A common-sense way to look at the matter
{s, however, to remember that the ex-
penditures cannot exceed the appropriations,
and that the amount to be raised by tax thia
year will be $4,000,000 less than it was last
yeaf. Moreover, if the appropriations of the
different departments be examined separately,
it will he seen that the appropriations for
1900, with the sole exception of the Board of
Education, show very few increases of sub-
stantial amounts, und that to offset these
increases there are quite a number of sub-
stantial reductions.”

Acomparison of the budgets for 18i) and
100 shows that these increases in depart-
mental expenses have been made, the figures
being estimated in regard to salaries as accu-
rately as is possible Department of Education,
increases under the Ahearn act, 7.000.008:
equalization of salaries under the May sched-
ule, $450,000; Street Cleaning Department,
due largely to changes in Brooklyn from the
contract system to work under the direct con-
trol of the Commissioner, $1,200,000 ; increase
fn wages patd to city employees under the

prevailing rate of wages’ system, estimated

t $1,000,000; Police Department increase,

120,000; Fire Department increase, due
to enlargement. of uniformed force,
$220,000, Inthe Department of Charities, ac-

cording to Commissioner Kellar, there has-
been an increase in the payroll due tothe sub-
stitution of paid labor for convict labor.

Readers ofthe City Hecord were astonished
yesterday at a notice sent by Secretary money
of the Board of Public Improvements, in whic
he announced reductions In the salaries of
nine employees of the board, All of the inen,
eight of whom are draughtsmen and one a
computer, have been receiving $1,320 a year,
and their pay ia cut to $200, Notices of salary
reductions are few and far between {a the files
of the Aevord since Tammany returned to
power. It was said that the changes were
made in a regrading of salaries.

KOHWULSAAT-HINMAN LIBEL CASH,

Asks the Judge
Verdict ef Guilty,

Caicauo, Feb. 2.-In the Kohlsaat-Hinman
libe! vase, on trial before Judge Stein in the
Criminal Court, most of to-day’s session was
given upto the reading by Assistant States At-
torney Barnes of Juter Ocean editorials and to
argument, Soon after the State rested its
case in the afternoon ex-Judge HKussell M.
Wing, counsel for the defence, requested that
thejury be excluded from the room. When
this had been done he asked the judge to
instruct the jury that the defence
would have to prove justifleation on the
embezzlement charge only with regard to
the specific acts set forth in the indictment.
While technical embezzlement had been
proved bythe defence, he said, this fact was
not to be considered by either the Judge or the
jury in the case. The main question was
whether the defence had proved its specific
allegation under the embezzlement charge,
namely that Mr, Kohlsaat had borrowed securi-
ties from afriend, had retained them unlaw-
fully beyond the term covered by the agree-
ment under which he got them, had converted

them to his own uses and, in spite espectal de-
mands for the return of these securities, had
refused to give them up until threatened with
legal proceedings. These charges, Judge Wing
said, had been abundantly proved by the testi-
mony of Mr. Kohlsaat himself, Mr_ Lamb, Sey-
mour Coleman and Harry A. Hall of the Elinois
Trust and Savings Bank. Both sites argued
this proposition at considerable length, and
the court took the question under advisement,
A decision will be given in the morning

The proceedings for the day came toa close
with ap» unusual request under discussion,
It wasin the form of a motion by ex-Judge
John Barton Payne, special counsel employed
by Mr. Kohlsaat, that Judge Stein should
instruct the jury to bring in # verdict of guilty
against Mr. Hinman. This wou!'d preclude the
possibility of the jurors being allowed to ceon-
siderthe evidence or take thelr own judg-
ment into account in delivering their ver-
dict. In support of the motion ex-Judge
Payno cited two decisions of the Michigan
Supreme Court, following the citation with
along ar@ument, Judge Stein requasted both
sides to present authorities, and the matter
will be taken up when court convenes to-
morrow,

Prosecution to Order a

HIGH SCHOOLS CROWDED,

No Accommodations for Recent Grammar
School Ciraduates.

Some 5U0 boys and girls who were graduated
from the grammar schools of Manhattan and
The Lronx on Jan. 31 have been disappointed
to find that there is a lack of accommodations
inthe three high schools and their annexes
and that they will have to remain out of schvuol
foratime atleast. At present there are about
2,000 pupils in the girls’, boys’ and mixed
high schools, the capacity of which is already

overtaxed. About 700 pupils were graduated
from the graminar schools this week and thus
far only 250 have been able to secure admit-
tance to the high schools. Besides a lack of
room there is also a scarcity of teachers

Supt. Jasper said yesterday that he hored
ata meeting of the High School Committee
next week some way might be found to pro-
vide instruction for those ready for the high
achools, but that this would mean that more
teachers would have to be procured at onee and
anew high school established somewhere At
the meeting of the committee Mr, Jusper will
suggest that the old hall of the Board of Pdu-
eation. at Grand and Elm streets, which has
just been vacated, be used at ovee asa high
school, The building, it 19 thought, will ae-
commodate ahout ooO pupils. Por these, Mr
Jasper said, at least twelve new teachers will
have to be secured

Millet and Zola,

To THR Eprron or Tur Sux--Sir Admirers of
Mr. Markhatn’s “Man With thelloo,” will, perhaps
cast a considerate eve pon afew lines upon Millet
and Zola, by Lord Houghton. They are found ina
little volume entitled “Stray Verses [8a TREO
BROOKLYN, Jan. 14, R

“*L' Angelus’? and '' La Terre,’

A. 8

Against the «iineet glow they stand

‘Two huimblest toulers of the land

Kugged of speech and rongh of hon]
Bowed down by tillage

No grace of garb or circumstance

juvests them with a high romance

Ten thousand such through frnitfy
In fleld and village

France

The day'a slow path from dawn to weat

Has loft them, soil -bestained, distrest

No thonght beyond the nightly reat
New toll to-morrow

TY) solemnly the ‘Ave bell

Rings out the sun's departing knell

Horne by the breezes rhythmic awe.)
O'er awathe and furrow

O lowly pair! you dream it not
Yeton your hard, unlovely lot
Thatevening gleamof light hea shot

A glorious presaze
For prophets oft have yearned. and kings
Have yearned in vap to know the things
Which to your simple spirits bring

That curfew messaze

Turn to the written page, and read
In other wirain the peasant «creel
With eatyr love and vampire greed

How hearts are tainted,
Kead to the end unmoved whocan
Kead how the primal curse on man
May shape a fouler Caliban

Than poet painted

Aud this ia Nature! Be itso

It needs & master’s hand to shew

How throtzh the man the brute may wrow
hy Heil sown leavon

We blame you not. euough for ve

Those wo lone flwures bending thus,

For whom that far-off Angelus
Bpeaks Hope and Heaven,

| absolutely no affair of ours
| OX Pressing himself us forthe

| should be one

 

 

| for his interests

| days

 

8 NOW BUILDING,

STEAM VES

  

 

Ten Steamships That Will Be Eligible for
Subsidy Under the Ocean Mail Act.

Wasurnotox, Feb, 2.—In response to Ine
quirios made by several members of Con-
gress, the Commissioner of Navigation, Mr,
Eugene T. Chamberlain, has prepared @ states
ment showing the number of steam vessels
under contract at

under construction or

the Sea Coast ship yaris of the United
States in January, LM), The statement
regarding merchant vessels is based on
reports received from the managers of
all tho ship yards in the United

States except tive, who did nor respond to the
inquiry. The statement of war vessels was
furnished by the Navy Department. Only
steam vessels are included. The returns cover
5U war vessels of 140,518 tons (displacement),
Besides these Congress has authorized 6 war
vessels of 70.500 tons (displacement,) contracts
for which have not been Jet, ‘Ten steamships
of 81,000 gross tons are returned as for the
foreign trade; 2 for the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, 2 for the International Navigation
Company, & for the Oceanic Steamship Come
pany (Spreckels), ands forthe New York and
Cuba Mail Steamship Company. All of these
vessels are cligible for subsidy under the
Ovean Mail act of 1801, The three Oceanio
steamships uecessarily stop at Hawail en route
to Australia, and the two Pacific mail steams
ships may atop there vn route to Asia. Forthe
Hawaiian trade 4 steamships of 20,500 noes
tons rre reported, and tor tne coasting trade
veasels of 76,007 groas tons

The statement is intended to have special in
terest !n connection with the BHR Subsidy bill
now pending in the Senate. The following
statement is made supplementary tothe ree
port:

“Practically all the vessels which the atatee
ment covers owe their existence to legislation.
Of course the entire construction of war vese
sels is basud on appropriations by Congresa,
All of the ten vessels bullding exclusively for
the foreign trade are eligibie fora o4 eldy
under the Ocean Mailact of 18¥1 and they
probably owe their existence in part at least to
the belief that the bill will) pass, The
vessels for the Hawaiian trade, in moat
instances, if notin all, are building on the ase
sumption that the cousting laws o the Palted
States will be applied to trade with Ha
The large coasting steamers, such those
building at the Newport Newa shipyard for the
Cromwell and Southern Pacitie Steamship
companies, willowe their existence to the law
which restricts the coasting trade to vessels
builtin the United States. With the excepe
tion, therefore, of a few small tugs, barges and
ferry boats, one would probably be juatified {a
inaking the statemeat that this entire cone
struction, involving in the case of war vessels,
@ cost of about $34,000,000 and in the case o
merchant vessels about $25,000,000, will owe
its existence to legislation, and, in consee
quence, the investment of capital and the eme
ployment of labor in the yards which are
yuilding these vessels owe their existence toe
the same cause.”

IS TRANQUIL,

Thurlow Weed Barnes Says the Emperor
Has Not Been Assassinated,

Thurlow Weed Barnes, who has had a large
experience in Lastern affairs and particularly
in China, sald yesterday that the recent political
phenomena in China did not mean any serious
disturbance of affairs there. He thinks that
England has greatly and foolishly imperilled
her Eastern interests by the Transvaal war and
that Japan, in making a display of military
strength, is trying to help England out by
warning Russia off

“The situation in China is entirely tranquil,”
said Mr. Barnes, “The lmperor has not been
assassinated, nor was there ever any basis for
suchareport. The only news of importance
at Pekin was the apvointinent or designation
of a temporary successor to the heir-apparent.
This was simply a routine announcement, It
will not be carried into effect immediately, and
it has no effect at al! upon commercial or polit-
ieval conditions. ne

"No, | do not anticipate any war between
Russia and Japan with regard to possession of
Corea. Kussia has gained all that she requires
for many years to come in securing ¥ rtual
occupation of Manchusia, She has 200,000
men under arms now between Viadovostok
and Port Arthur. Corea suits and serves her
purpose exactly asx she is to-day, for Corea, so
long as the present statutes is matntained,
is a bulfer botween Russia and Japan,
Russia gets all the benefits of posses.
sion without any of its — responsibllie
tles | think Japan's show of military
activity arises from adiplomatic hint by Eng-
land. It is natural that Fugland just now
should with her allyin the Var Rast make a
little quiet demonstration to keep Up an apes
pearance of power Pugland’s blunder con-
sisted in forcing. an issue in South Africa at a
time when she should have strengthened here
selfin the Orient, She is playing into Russia's
hands in a section worth teu tines more to her
than all South Africa. The greed of the Kaffir
clique in London has brought about this na-
tional anomaly

“What side ought
Transvaal conflict’

 

CHINA

 

Americans to take inthe
Why, no side at all. Itis
and | am aston.
prominent citizen

Boers or forthe
The position of all our citizens
of absolute neutrality. When
asked for an expression of sympathy as be-
tween the belligercuts they should deeline to
We should be plain Ameri-
Boer-Americans, and not

ishied to hear of this or that

Suiglish,

take any position
cans, not Puiteh ot
Anglo-Americans.”

LOOPHOLE IN HE BARBER LAW?

Unable to Enforce a Fine for a
First Offence,

Tweuty barbers were arrested in Brooklyn
last Sunday charged with violating the special
Jaw regulating harbering on Sunday by keep-
ing their shops open after | o’elock in the
afternoon, Kight of them were arraigned in
the Court of Special Sessions on Thursday and
were fined $5 each, Jacob Strubel of 311 Hare
t retained Mann to look out
When Strabel was arraigned
yesterday he pleaded guilty aud was tined §5,

“TL haven't got the money.” said Strabel

“Then will have to go to jail for
eo Fit

‘Ldo notagree with you,
“The statute provides that

A Court

mon strer Prank

you five

said Justi gerald,
said Lawyer Manna,
a person may be
flued for a violation of Sunday law, but
there is nothing in the law that will allow you
to send nim to jailif the tine is not paid
The Justices read the law carefully and then

the

sald that Lawyer Mann was right

“The man says he hasn't get the amount of
the fine saidthe clerk. “What shall do with
him?

‘Ldon't see that there is anything to do but

of the Justices, and

to Jet him go. si one

Strubel walkedout the court room
The law provides that any person in New

York who carries on the business of a barber

after Lovelock in the afternoon of Sunday shall

 

be guilty of amisdemennor, “and upon convies
tion thereof shall be aed not more than $5;
, and upon a second conviction fora like offence

| ahall be fiae dot tess than S10 and not more

   

than be imprisoned,’ &e The law,
Chapter S25o0f the Laws of New York, whieh
went into effest June 1. 1S), would seem to

provide the alternative of imprisonment only
on conviction for a second offence,

FIRE DEPARTMENT 10 SELL CLOTA

Por Uniforms to Members of the Fire Foree
Only They Must Buy There,

Firemen, like policemen, will have to pure
chase the cloth for their uniforms at Headquare
tersin the future, Heretofore each member of
the fire foree has bought the eloth for his uni-
form from the tallor Who made the uniform. As
a resuit firemen in one borough worea different
shade of blue from that, worn by theireomrades
in another borough lo remedy this and have
one <hade of blue for the entire department,
Chief Croker has recommends? and Coramise
sioner Scannell has ordered, the establishment
of a cloth bureau. The firemen will be able to
obtain thy cloth at the lowest price, but must
pay cash for it.

 

The Misses Gonne,
Trim the Gael,

The Boer war ie affecting Ireland socially, as mang

of the bravest officers who are prominent figures in

that nfortunate campaign are members of Irish
famtiios, orel@e very well known in Ireland, Col,
Pilcher, the bere of the raid on Douglas, married

into an \nglo-Trish family, and perhaps it will be
some indication of how people are divided, even in
their (amily relationship, on this war, that hia wife
isthe sister of Miss Maud Goune-one of the moat
vehement opponents of the war

Ido not Know what Mrs, Pilcher is like, but if she
bear any resemblance to her rebel sister she must
be a woman of great attractions, for Mias Maint
Cronne is one of the handsomest women inthe world
Faxtreme

tall for @ Woman—she muat be at least 0

  

feet high—with # tim auifull proportioned
Myre, with coy atu lustrous black evesan
# deheate complexio Miss Maud G@onne attract
attention wherever woes

She oscillates be ween } 4nd Dublin. te called
inthe Preach capital the Joam of Are of the Trish

Revolution, makes hot ant strong Speeches in ire

land. is of the same stud as produged the Madame
Bolands of the French Revolutiom .

a a na

 

 

6s BT eng 2

7

SE See enc

<A ee ea

!