———

 

NEW KOOKS,

——

Brief Reviews of Important and Interest-
ing New Publications,

An illustration in “A Brief History of New
York,” by Charles B. Todd (American Book
Compeny), shows us Manhattan Island in the
sixteenth century. We do not suppose that
thie pretends to bea perfectly faithful repro-
gentation. Tho Fast River looks altogether
too narrow and too placid. Ferryboats plying
in the East River, before the age of steam, used
to proceed with areat uncertainty, Winds and
tides, still noticeable in that turbulent estuary,
forced them far out of their courses and made
eport of their time schedules, It used to cost
a good dea) of money for a travellerto get across

 

the East River, because time is money, and tho |

ferryboats took no end of time. Here in the
pieture the river looks like a Central
Park pond. Canoes skim its unagitated
eurface as frail birds traverse the soft-
est and most propitious of skies. Plainly,
one could wade across and find a mild
enjoyment in the process. It is a fact,
however, that almost all the cuts of early New
York give us the same idea of the quality and
behavior of its surrounding waters. It must
be that the carly artists had a strong sense of
decorum, which they thought it proper to im-
pose upon the objects which they delineated,
This {e a well-told story. It follows in clear
and interesting fashion the politics, the wars,
the peaceful enterprises, the social changes.
There ie a picture of the wall which was built
to keep outthe Indians and the New Ene-
landers, who, as we remember, never came; at
least, they did not come with hostile proclama-
tion and avowed nefarious intent, In other
records it is said that this wall was
originally eight feet high, and that after-
ward the height was increased to twenty
feet through fear that some Indian or some
Yankee would overloopen or jump over it.
Here it is said thatthe wall was nine fest high,
and that split rails were added, making it two
feet higher. An accompanying picture repre-
sents it as a picket fence of the exact height of
@ Dutch man-at-arms, who stands looking
through the pickets with an appearance of
security and mastery. Now,a Dutch man-at-
arms must be less than nine feet high, and leas
than eleven feet high, and certainly oss than
twenty feet high. It is impossible, from the
information that has come to our notice, to say
how high the Dutch wal! across Manhattan
Island really was. It has always seemed to us
to have been a very massive construction,
with Jateral as well as perpendicular board.
ing. and with oakum between the chinks,
That no Indians and no New Ene-
landers attempted to jump over it leaves
us in some doubt as to what its actual efficacy
may have been. Poasibly,the Dutch would
have suffered if they had not built it, It is
certain that it did not keep out the Interlopers
for any considerable time. They came, it is
true, from the other direction, but the effect
upon the wall was thesame, It wasdemolished,
and the gardeners whose cabbages had lan-
guished in its shade were thankful ace ordingly.
This history tells particularly of the great com-
mercia! enterprises and successes of the city,
It ia probable that they constitute romance;
certainly, not much romance is more interest-
ing.

“Beauty on Ice” (J. 8, Ogilvie Publishing
Company) is the imaginative and suggestive
title under which Mr, John Erb, with consider-
able enthusiasm and in indifferent verse, tells
a terrible tale of the sea, a wild, weird and
wonderful romance of battle, murder and sud-
den death, wherein mermaids, whales, sea
serpents and shipwrecked mariners are tan-
gled upin inextricable confusion. Some hint
of the astonishing and unfettered quality of the
narrative is conveyed by the picture that adorns
the cover. This shows a gentieman in a neat
morning suit, reclining in an uncomfurtabie
attitude, and strapped securely to the back of
a whale, which ploughs through the waves,
while a plump and pleasing mermaid gracefully
makes a long arm toward heaven and setealight
the aurora borealia,to the evident astonishment
of ashipwrecked mariner in his shirt sleeves,
who is adrift in an open boat provisioned only
with a coil of rope and an empty whiskey flask.
Boncicko, who {is the aforesaid shipwrecked
mariner, and who also tells the tale, is a prolix
person with a habit of indulging in long solilo-
quys. in rhyming gouplets, but—as it were by
chance—he sometimes stumbles upon a princi-
ple of sound philosophy. When his shipmates,
with eallor-like lack of the gentler methods of
the drawing room, were somewhat too arJous
in their attentions toa party of friendly mer-
maids, he thus rebuked them:

“Rash fools!’ said I, “would you your strength dis-
play

Upon defenceless females? Cease your play!

Or tame your aport to suit the ten ler sex,

Bhame! to you all, except he who protects,

If you, within the warm heart of the fair,

Woald seek the jewel of her favor there,

Knock gently, and the door will open wide,

Then, softly entering, you can abide

Within the rare gem’s lasting aureole.

Brute strength can drive no light into the soul,

Force will not Love's benignant glow impart;

You cannot burglarize a woman's heart!"

How Boncicko was beloved by Zala, thequeen
of the mermaids, and how the first mate rode
upon a tame whale and slew the Jungee, which
waa a grewsome beast of despicable habits;
and how, after one of his shipmates
had been swallowed by a gigantic serpent,
Boneicko annihilated the monster and with
a charge of dynamite blewa hole in the wall
that surrounde! the home ofthe mermaids,
thereby letting in a flood of cold air that froze
these hapless but friendly ladies stiff and stark
upon their native ice-blocks; all these things
and many others are here related by the poetic
mariner, who dies raving and in great agony
at the conclusion of his story.

Ah! Thereshe is! See! See her white teeth gleam!
Bee bow her eyes with damning horrors teem!

Tear out ber eyes!!! They scorch! They rond my
brain!
No food! No drink!—ten days—ten days I've lain

Beorced by the sun—I'll buy your ship. cash down

Cash down! Once ont be shore, I'll buy a town,

My daughters —Ah! They shall be queens —be
queens—

All dead! Stark dead’
What scenes!

I'll buy an Empire. Cash will rule a King’

Avast you wench! Look off! or Iwill fling—

Cash down! Cash down! Oh Zala! We muat part;

Give back the dirk! Take—take it from your heart!

Forgive—mate; ob, forgive!—blood—red! Red! Red!

Then Boncicko upon bis cot sank dead

Many ‘acts and fancies in the curious and
captivating history of Sicilian amber,
“Trinacria’s lustrous and pellucid sun-stone,”

My God! What scenes!

 

Mew Publications,

The MACMILLAN

JUST READY:

MARY PAGET
By MINNA CAROLINE SMITH.

A novel of the time of James I.; a part of its historical basis is the account
of that famous wreck which inspired Shakespeare’s “The Tempest.’

A ROMANCE OF OLD BERMUDA,

A TIMELY NOVEL,
THE GOLDEN HORSESHOE

By STEPHEN BONSAL, war correspondent to

the New York Herald, Sometime Secretary

to the United States Legations in Pekin,

Madrid and Tokio, Cloth, $1.50.

By stories told in letters of officers before
Santiago and in the Philippines, the develop-
ment of American Expansion tells itself with
unconscious force and lucidity.

HOW WOMEN MAY EARN A LIVING
A HANDBOOK OF OCCUPATIONS FOR WOMEN,
By Mrs. HELEN CHURCHILL CANDEE.

Clear and
Most Helpful.

  

and the most important gem known to the an-
clent etvilized world, are entertainingly and
with akill set forth by Mr. W. Arnold Buffum
in “The Teara of the Heliades” (Putnams.) A
thousand mystic and poetic fancies as
to the origin of the gem inepired the ancient
writers, and there is, perhaps, no product of
nature corcerning which opinions have been
formed so contradictory and confileting.
Niclas believed that amber was of solar origin,
generated directly by the rays of the sun;
Sophocles, that it was the tears of the sisters
of the hero Meleager, who were transformed
into birds: while Theomenes was of opinion
that the gem had its origin in the Gardens of
the Hesperides, and was gathered by the
| maidens who guarded the golden apples of
| immortality, Sometimes, too, it was taken to
| be honey, mineralized, or the petrified sperm
| or spawn of whales, dolphins, seals, elephanta

‘and ants, Most poetic of all the legendary
}accounts of the origin of thle gem—
“distilled by pines that were dead
before the days of Adam'’—is that of |
which Hyginus and Ovid have given

elaborate versions. This recounts the ad-
ventures of Pha®thdn, the favorite child of the
Sun-god Hellos, and his death that followed
hie attempt to drive the horses of the chariot
of the aun, When the rash youth fell into the
Eridanus, stricken by the thunderbolt of Jove,
the naiads of the stream buried hie bodyon the
shore, an! his sisters, the beautiful Heliades,
after long searching found thetomb, They re-
mained beside it, weeping bitterly,and became
rooted to the spot, and, as a penalty for assiat-
ing Phatthon to yoke the steeds, were changed
into trees from whose branches tears continu.
ally fell. These tears, as Ovid says, are hard-
ened by the heat of the sun and hecome amber,
which the beaming river receives and
sends to the Roman ladies for their adorn-
ment. Leas poetic, though more scientifle,
{athe origin given by a learned German, who
flads that amber is the fossilized resin of the
extinet Pinites succinifer, whieh flourished in
the Lower Tertiary Period. “From atrumpery
bit of tree-gum,"’ says Mr. Buffum, “it has been
transmuted to agem, just as the eyes of the
drowned man in Ariel's song are turned to
pear! and his bones to coral,”

“Full fathom five thy father lies;
Of his bones are coral made;
Those are pearls that were his eyes,
Nothing of him that doth tade,
But doth sutter a sea-change
Into something rich and strange.”
“The Tempeat,’’ Act 1, Scene 1.
In “Healthy Exercise” (Harpers) Mr, Robert
H, Greene, M. D., gives a concise and readable
summary of the main princip'es of the modern
theory of exercise, baths and bathing. The aus
thor attempts torecurd no startling new dis-
coveries, but writes as one who believes in
exercise as a means for the preservation or
restoration of health, and who loves sport for
its own sake. The book is illustrated,
* Advis Claverden” and “The Great War 8yn-
dicate Ete,,” form respectively volumes V. and
VI. of tha handsome new edition of the novela
and stories of Mr. Stockton, issued by the
Scribners,
The Putnams publish “A History of the Eng-
lish Poor Law, Vol. IIL. From 1834 to the
Present Time.” This is a supplementary vol-
ume by Mr. Thomas Mackey to the well-known
work on the subject by Sir George Nicholls,
We have also received “With Sword and Cru-

cifix.’" Edward 8. Van Zile. Illustrated,
(Harpers. )
“Whist. American Leadsand Their History,

with a review of later innovations in the
game.” Nicholas Browse Twist, (Harpers.)
“A Man's Woman.” Frank Norris. (Double-
day & McClure Co.)
“Nature's Miracles, Familiar Talka on
Science.” Elisha Gray, Ph. DLL. D. Vol.
(Fords, Howard & Hulbert.)
“In Friendship's Guise,”
Graydon. ‘Street & Smith.)
“The Crisis of the Republic.”
Boutwell. (Dana, Estes & Co.)
“North American Forests and Forestry.
Their Relations to the National Life of the
American People.” Ernest Brancken, (Put-
pams.)
“Mary Paget. A Romance of Old Bermuda.”
Minna Caroline Smith. (Macmillans.)
“The Franciscans in Arizona.” Fr, Zephyrin
Engelhardt, O. F. M., with map and fllustra-
tions. (Holy Childhood Indian School, Harbor
Springs, Mich.)
“Reincarnation or Immortality?” Ursula N.
Gestefeld. ‘Alliance Publishing Company.)
“Of Such Is the Kingdom.” Clara Vawter
with illustrations by Will Vawter. (Bowen-
Merrill Company.)
“Soldier Life in the Philippines.” Joseph
McManus. (Riverside Printing Company, Mil-
waukeo, Wis.)
“Shakespeare the Man. An Attemptto Find
Traces of the Dramatist’s Character in His
Dramas.” Goldwin Smith, (Doubleday &
MeClure Co.)
“The Temple Edition of the Works of Jane
Austen.” (The Macmillan Company.)

William Murray

George 8.

MAKRIED FOR SIXTY-FIVE YEARS,

A Remarkable Anniversary Celebrated by
a Greenwich Couple.

Greenwicn, Conn, Feb. 2.—-Surrounded by
four children, six grandchildren and many
friends, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel B, Lockwood
celebrated the sixty-fAfth anniversary of their
| marriage at thelr Sound Beach home to-night.

Itis also Mra, Lockwood's eighty-fifth birth-
day. Mr, Lock wood |s 8) years old, and he was

born within 100 feet of where he now lives in
| a house two centuries old. He nad five brothers

and three sisters, and two of the brothers ar
| still living. Mr. Lockwood isa fisherman an
boat-bulider, and is stil] able to paddle his own

canoe. In his long life he has had few ilI-

nesses, never having emploved a doctor. He

helped build the Firat Congregational Church
| Of Greenwich, and the marriage of himself and
} Miss Mary Chapman was the first to occur

within its wall.

 

BUSTON AUTHORS’ CLUB DIES,

A New One to Be Formed With More Se-
vere Standards.

Boston, Feb, 2.—The Boston Authors’ Club,
which was organized not more than two weeks
ago, has disbanded. Col. T. W. Higginson,

Maria E. Wilkins and Robert Grant, authors of
real books, are trying to form a new one,
| These three are named as being responaible in
part for the collapse of the old one, According
to report, they found that the staff of authors
was of a kind which required affidavits to prove
their literary identity, As one slang talker put
it, a real \iterary pacemaker could have stam-
peded the bunch. Inthe new society the book
or books on which the claim of authorship is
founded, will have to be passed on by Col, Hig.
ginson. Patent medicine pamphlets will not
be looked at,

| _ Hew Publications
COMPANY’S scons,

Cloth, $1.50.

SECOND EDITION.
| ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

THE MAN OF THE Propir.

By NORMAN HAPGOOD, with Portraits, Doc-
uments in fac-simile, &c., &e., $2.00.
“Mr. Hapgood makes Lincoln more human

and real and genuine and intinitely more inter-

esting than he has ever been made before in
| Literature.’ Boston Herald

Cloth, 16mo.
Price, $1.00.

Chapter after chapter takes up different ways in which women have successfully found

paying work, discussing each in a most practical way.

An exceedingly serviceable book.

THE MACMILLAN COPIPANY, New York.

ES

ee
SSS

THE SUN,

|
THE FUNK & WACNALLS

Standar

THIS SUBSCRIPTION EDITION IS SOLD ONLY BY AGENTS OR BY THE

    

 

Rew Publications,

RAEI

 

a

than the money asked for it.

The exceptional value of the SUBSCRIPTION EDITION |
consists in that IT 1S THE ONLY EDITION that contains | Africa, writes, Nov. 7,

the following features:

(8) It is UP TO DATE.

Woods, Butterflies, etc., ete.

permanent value.

TENS OF

Besides

business men.

  

is delicious. The inimitable

—Stoux City Tribune.

its every word.— Toledo Blade.

 

  
 

“THE LEADING SERIAL

 
   

MAaARRiIzsDP.
BURDEN —CURTIS,—On Thursday, Feb. 1, 1900,
at Orange. N. J., by the Rev. James T. Dickinson,
Edith Caroline, daughter of the late George Our
tis of Hartford, Conn, to Howard Seymour
Borden.

 

pDIBDP.

ARNOLD.—Snddenly, on Wednesday, Jan. 51,
1900, at bis residence, Port Chester, N. ¥., David
P. Arnold, in the 424 year of his age.

Funeral services at Chriet Church, Rye, N. Y.,on
Saturday at 2:15 P.M. Carriages will meet train
leaving Grand Central station, New Haven Rail-
road, 1:04P,M. Kindly omit flowers,

BYRNE.—On Feb. 1, 1900, ather residence, 191
Columbia Heights, Brooklyn, Mamie J., in her
20th year, beloved daughter of James Byrne.

Funeral services will be held at St. Charles Borro-
meo's Chureh, Sidney pl. 10 A. M., Feb. 8,
1900. Relatives and friends are invited te
attend, Interment Holy Cross Cemotery.

FLOYD.—On Thursday, Feb. 1, 1900, at her
residence, 224 West 7Tith at,, Elizabeth C.
Cape, wife of Benjamin W, Floyd, in the 80th
year of Ler age.

Funeral private

LORD.—On Thursday, Feb. 1, 1900, Edith Alice,
wife of Louis Pierpont Lord, and daughter of
Alfred H. and the late Amelia F. Wilson.

Funeral services from het late residence, Prospect
av., Hackensack, N. J., Sunday, Feb. 4, 1900, at
8 o'clock. Take 1:45 train from Cortlandt st.,
Sus juehanna Road.

MILLS. —At Pasadena, Cal,, on Jan, 21, 1900, Fzra
Palmer Mills

Relativesand frfenda are invited to attend the
funeral services at the Charch of the Heavenly
Rest, Sth av., above 45th st., on Saturday, Feb
8,19090nt 10 A.M

POLHEMUS.—At Flushing, [. [, on Friday, |
Feb 2, 1900, Emma C., widow of the late Joh |
Polhomua, in the 4yth year of her age

Relatives and friends ore respectfully invited to
attend tha funeral service from her late resi- }
devee, 126 Madison av., Flushing, L, L, om |
Bunday, Feb. 4, 1190, at 2:30 P, M.

TIE BOUT. —On Friday, Feb. 2, 1:00, Louise Com-
ings Tiebout, only daughter of Anna Louise and
Joba Tiebout, Jr, age # years 10 months and '
146 cdays

Funeral services atthe residence of her parents,
8% Madison st., Brooklyn, Sunday, Feb. 4, 1900,
at 5 o’clock P, M. Interment private,

 

4

 

"]‘HE KENSICO CEMETRERY.—Private station, Har.
| i lem Railroad; 43 minutes’ ride from the Grand |
| Central Depot, Office, 16 East 42d st,

   

EVERY EDITION of this famous work is worth far more | Both Continents Give |

(1) THOUSANDS of NEW DEFINITIONS in the body |
of the work—the language is growing daily.

(2) THOUSANDS of NEW WORDS — many of these |
in the body of the work, and others in the Appendix.

(4) It has MANY ADDITIONAL and costly full-page
COLORED PLATES illustrative of definitions, as, Grains of |

(5) It has EIGHTY-EIGHT FULL-PAGE MAPS, mak: |

ing a complete and up-to-date atlas of the world.

(6) It has a patented UNIVERSAL CALENDAR — |

exceedingly ingenious—illustrating the word “calendar,” and of

THOUSANDS OF
PEDIC ITEMS of information invaluable to professional and |

The above features appear ONLY in this unsurpassed ,
SUBSCRIPTION EDITION of the Funk & Wagnalls

Standard Dictionary

Every copy of this Subscription Edition is bound only in Half
Russia, Full Russia, or Full Morocco, and every copy has on the |
cover (outside back) in gold the words

“ SUBSCRIPTION EDITION *

‘These words mark only the Jatest, fullest and best.

A copy of this notable Subscription Edition of the Funk & Wagnalls Standard Dictionary will
be forwarded FREE FOR EXAMINATION. Terms within easy reach of all.
circulars sent on application: Telephone call, 1186 Spring, or address

FUNK & WAGNALLS GO., 30 Lafayette Place, NEW YORK, Publishers of High-Glass Reference Books

 

“AT THE VERY HEAD of MODERN FICTION”
“READ IT—READ BARRIE’S Tommy & Grizel’’

EAD it—read Barrie’s “Tommy and Grizel.” It

the promise of his youth and Barrie presents him so
lovingly that he is fascinating. It is going to be the
serial of the year.—Chicago Daily News.

HOSE who have read the completed novel believe
it to be the very best work that Mr. Barrie has
yet produced, and at the very head of modern fiction:

NE of the most original character studies of recent
literature. —Chicago Advance.

IKE all Mr. Barrie’s work, this new tale is written
with a deft, smooth touch that carries a charm in

 

PRICE, $3.00 A YEAR; 25C. A NUMBER. FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.

Herts Peatete sates Bit:

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1900.

Rew Publications.

LL NS LSP. PPB

      

          

meas

I.

Rew Publications.

RAR Anan”

Subscription
Eton

Dictionary

PUBLISHERS DIRECT

It First Place

Ficld-Marshal Lord Roberts, South
1899; “TL had no
| conception that the Funk & Wagnalls |
| STANDARD DICTIONARY was so unique @!
work. The more I look into it, the more my |
admiration . marvellous, and can not
fail to satisfy the most exacting enquirer.”

| Cardinal Vaughan, Arehbishop of West-
minster, Nov. 10, 1899; “Well may this
(the latest edition) be called the admiration
of literary England and the pride of lit-
erary America,”

Field-Marshal Lord Wolseley, Com-
mander-in-Chief of the British Army, wri'es
Nov. 9, 1899: “It is by far the best and
| most comprehensive work of ite kind,”

The Independent, New York: “It is a
; noble example in which the modern ten-
dency to popnlariza knowledge has risen to
the higheat level yet reached.”

The Saturday Review, London: “In
substantial merit we think the STANDARD

| DicTton ary decidedly preferable to the much-
advertised Century.”

New York Herald: “It is atrinmph in
the art of publication, . .. It is the moat
aatiafactory and must complete dictionary yet
printed.”

The Standard, London: “Comparisons
may be odious, but whena work of reference
is concerned they are inevitable. The STAND-
ARD Dictionary, in its wealth of vocabulary,
leaves even the Century far behind; and not
only incomprehensiveness, but in exactitude
of definition its merits are unquestionable.”

New York Observer: “.. , It must be
conceded a place before undreamed of and
till now unfilled.”

U.S, Government Printing Office, Wash-
ington, D, C.-C. M. Robinson, Foreman,
Proof Division: “We have in constant use in
our room all the modern dictionaries, but
the most thoroughly thumbworn of all is
theSranDarpD. Itisthe mostaccurate, con-
sistent, andcomplete, .. . It is ‘up to date.’
Hundreds of useful words and helps are
found in the STANDARD which ean be found
in no other publication of the kind.”

The New York Tribune: ‘A compari-
son with the Century Dictionary leads to
the inference that the present work has
made a decided advance.

Education, Boston: ‘It surpasses any
other dictionary extant.”

 

 

 

ENCYCLO.

Descriptive

      
  

    

 

HE reappearance of Barrie and “Tommy” in
Scribner’s is cause for devout rejoicing among
novel-weary readers. Here are originality and quiet
humor and deft workmanship to make even the most
sated take courage once more.—WN, Y. Evening Post.

Mot striking and welcome feature is the opening
instalment of J. M. Barrie’s new novel, “Tommy
and Grizel,” on which this delightful writer has been
at work for four years. All who have read “Senti-
mental Tommy,” that almost perfect story of Tommy
and Grizel as boy and girl, will now hasten to follow
the adult experiences of these two unique characters.—
Macon Telegraph.
CRIBNER’S MAGAZINE has the most eagerly
anticipated treat of the year in magazine offerings
—the sequel to Sentimental Tommy, by J. M. Barrie,
—Chicago Interior.

   

Tommy redeems

        
         
     
         
     
       
     
  
 
  

OF THE YEAR’’ has just begun, in SCRIBNER’S Magazine.

  

     
    

Religions Aotices.

ann nnn sen

“WHAT IS THE NEW CHURCH?”

(Commonly Known as ‘‘Swedenborgian’’)

A Discourse to be delivered by the
Rev. Julian K. Smyth,in the New Jeru
selem Ohurch, 85th St., between Park
and Lexington Aves., Sunday evening,
February 4, setting forth the nature,
position, and teachings of this reiig
fous denomination,

Other discourees to follow:

STEPHEN PHILLIPS’ New Volume

PAOLO a
FRANCESCA

EIGHTH THOUSAND.

12mo, cloth, gilt top, $1.25.
By same author, “Poems.” (6th Ed., $1.50)

vew York Timee.—"Noth ng finer has come
to ua from an Fnulish pon in the way ofe
poetic ond btemry pla> than this aince the ap-
pearance of Taylor's ‘i hilip Van Artavelde, ”

cuthok “A Deamifal piece of literature
diclosing the nest imag nation, the moet
del) ate (natine’, and the most sincere art,”

ind-peul wt—The play is a powerful one
and Mr. Poillips maf tains in it his wonderful
pit b t syle, which was so striking tn his
earlier polis

a AAA nme nae

 
   
       

Feb. 11~"Tur Key axn rar Boos; on, tar Tree
Craractaa or The Bisue.”’

 
    

     

Fob. 18—"Tagz Connen-Stonr oF THe Cnntstian |
Rexiaiox; on, WHo Wan Jesve Canter?’

“The truths made known by Sweden- |
borg and passing into general circula !
tion are now met with every day, quali- }
fying the views and creeds of all i
churches and of men of no Chureb."’
Emerson. |

Services at # P. M The Public invited,

 
   
   
    
    
   

  

(Critorucr MeCORMICA)
ene ame

Rrooklyy Vy Rage —°The most tmportant
example of English dramatic poetry that has
beanty, passion

appeared since Browning Aled }
4
Deserves a wule reading i
nh @

Phil delphia Pleas," Bas
on ac ount of its intrins‘¢ meritand mterest

JOHN LANE, Publisher,
New York City.

LOOMINQDALE CHURCH. Broadway, (ath.
* Madleon C, Peters preaches 11 “B *
Justided By Faith We lave Peace With (bod ant Ke. | 251 Fifth Avenue,

joice in the Hope ot the Coming Glory.” A Plea for
The Old Faith. the Hope of the New Church. 4.
“Obrist Was What He Professed to Be~Goi-Man—
or He Was an [mpostor.”’ Weleome “ 7 : - —--

((BURCH OF THE MPABIAH, R4th at. cor. Park av. 16
M THE “NEW” FEBRUARY

é
;
LIPPINCOTT];
;

  

Whereas:

Whereas:

reach. Subject: “The Kind of Salvation which the
orld Needs,’ Sanday Sehool 10 o'clock in Chay
Entrance Varkay. All cordially invited

 

Gy*’@e CHURCH, | Ur vad way corner 1oth at.
J Holy Commanion,#@ A.M, \ COMPLETE NOVEL / °
Early Morning Prayer and Sermon, 4.0° lock | o Whereas:
Later Evensong, 8 o'clock.
- All sittings free,
RT. STEPHENS CHURCH, West tiuth ot, (lran-
Ss figuration Uhapel), Rev. Nathan A. Beanie, Holy Resolved:

By LOUIS ZANCGWILL
MANY SHORT STORIES

STAKE IN ZION

By MRS. J. K. HUDSON

$2.50 per Yo p Die, a Cop:

Communion 8 a M. and 11 A, M., with sermon

Special musics service, with 4th Psalm, by Dudiey

Buck at 4 P.M.

(TEMPLE EMANU-EL, 6th av. aud 44d at., Sanday.
12:30 A M., Dr. Joseph Silverman on "The

Progrese of Wowen im the Nineteenth Century.’ All

welcome.

IF YOU MAVEN’T TRIED IT BRFOKE

Begin now, and learn what other Boarding Booka out-of-print books supplied, no, mat-
House and Furnished Room advertisers have fer Of what subject. Write me, stating, books
wanted. I can got yon any book ever published
0s atone tanh and inspect my stock of 9.
Hh ;
mingbus, Bog aes 8 GREAT KsHOP,

 
  

 

Bee Folia. |
A Remarkable Record

A week or two ago we announced that Mary Cholmondeley’s pope
ular novel RED POTTAGE was having an average sale of

500 COPIES A DAY.
Since that time the sales have been steadily

increasing, and on Thursday, Feb. 1st,
orders were received for

1,000 COPIES

These figures demonstrate beyond all

 

is a novel which fully merits this success.
“New York Tribune” declares that “‘one cannot refuse to be
interested’ and that “every chapter excites an eager desire for
the next one,’’ while the reviewer for the “Mail and Express”
states unhesitatingly that ‘‘nothing so good, so perfectly fin-
ished has come from an English pen since George Eliot’s day.’”

BOTH THIS BOOK AND MISS CHOLMONDELEY’S
EARLIER VOLUME “THE DANVERS JEWELS”
ARE FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.

THE INDISPENSABLE WEEKLY

 

PUBLIC OPINION, 9 ASTOR PLAcR WN VY.

A NOVEL-READER’S

00000888088 0000880OO88TO88888

For sale by all booksellers, or sent, postpaid.

FREDERICK A. STOKES COMPANY

8 and’? EAST 16TH ST., NEW YORK.
| Daeeeeeneeeen4sekee 0406080000 0000 eek

     

    
     

     

dl. Acw Publications,

 

uestion the popularity of

 

Red Pottage

By MARY CHOLMONDELEY,
Author of

THE DANVERS JEWELS AND SIR CHARLES DANVERS,

The success of RED POTTAGE is unique in many ways.
Although but ten weeks have passed since its publication its
popularity is not limited to any particular section but has
spread from one end of the country to the other.
from the Pacific Coast, the Middle West and the South are
as many and as large as those from the Eastern trade,
this brief time it has gone through

Seven Large Editions.

The orders

In

Red Pottage

The critic of the

Red Pottage, The Danvers Jewels
$1.50.

| and Sir Charles Danvers,
|

ivol. $1.00.

 

HARPER & BROTHERS, Publishers, Franklin Square, NewYork, W.Y,

   

costing $1.40 re: ly will bé sent to
ne ee ean aed, at

25c. (cotn or stamps),

PUBLIC OPINION isa weekly mage-
sing competing, tn its 52 eaves, © grand
total of over 17 Fates 3 seadian matter
and illustrations, Its ficld is as wide as the
range of human interests. Its readers, in-
dependent of other are fully
abreast of the times, sufficiently well in-
formed to press tn any company, and to
discuss with intelligence both sides of every
question of the hour, whether political, so-
cial, educational, scientific, literary

or

This INDISPENSABLE WEEKLY
magazine is a newspaper of newspapers, Ite
pages com: the best that can be found in
some periodicals, representing publis
sentiment on all questions in every part
the eae It hy be during the coming
campaign, the most important weekly maga)
tine published,

PUBLIC OPINION, in its comprehen.
Saabs beeen Rees
the world’s thou ht and oatlen . .

“Easily worth one hundred dollars a

” If T took one hundred periodicals
should still want. PUBLIC OPINION,”

“When it arrives, the other 20 periodica!
which I subscribe must give place to a ”

This special introductory offer gives mbe:
(roquier poles, Sone for snd) Mo Seated pen the
Eeeniy Reefs (cle tr tame ie Neurkee eee
fiy °
sentative Weekly, v#) te Amortes's Repres

RESOLUTION

Ne

:

l intend to buy a novel, and

It must be one that will hold my interest
“from title to colophon,” and

I wish to recommend it to my friends after
enjoying it myself,

That I purchase “The Light of Searthey,” by
Egerton Castle, or “The Market-Piace.”” by
Harold Frederic, or ‘“Tekla,” by Robert Barr.

‘QE BEBO TEIS OBOEBB