*;

 

AuADY 10 TIT PARIS RIOTS.

wrueee Mae FORM
Hee HAE Wb wer ma

irinere Hay Huetanie he ea cannate A teatee
sa tase Mapucidns Hine Arseeta OF
ro) Hattere Candas Cant |
deauregard is Among Phase datied
epactad rete (ele re me | |
amie, Agel a Revmre tteithatien bar
igre t@ ed will jaan wie beiit
nr af Hk
enn Mie TM MERE (HOHHORE uw
sha Gwmrnenmnt a ORI ae HH HOTTY
hoon wohototy Heatran HE hae |

hae

frveatans 1H ORRIE MER EMER MOURFIEY
rime ish thu Meee Ok ER ME RTIR, RHE
Pre Rs
cet oaprtdort (Aw, aadtet
Wa mew MHHMMR HE HEH FARREAHORE HY
ey
fhe hae Qheaed fer bead WHHMeHE 1a he RHE
hae We Fine Rattewed FHRE He wauld
nite a wemee CREA FR BAF RBOR Hi
sink amet le, GAL Ae HARRAH
aration #6 Ae ad Raw He had Femccetod |
ti phate HAE AtAGRAIE the We tesit wt
ate Ab hie KARA MORRIE EE *
that (eid HHA WHAIR MIRE AP FHM Hee
ete GHAAEA TH ENA RHUMHAH Att tHe
pact Faw daee TE Mom HE Met, He
wens, that (ha Orla Me RAR PHA Rie
tania Gt Hevea RA AMMRHHERHE Haw
baer HHAM ENTE To fHRIN HR Kee af
Peanom tc (HO ERE: “PRR RMTHIO AF Hie
fiseaehtnmit atk Bamepmrated: “TH AK
filo AGE tite Fey ERO MER TIRM AA EH EH OPH
LeMAiM, Biit Fe MUO RTH RMR HHA
eanthhta da fhe Heeatlata, C1RFLOAHE and
dhatihiate
tha AMMTORAIA KKHRIEA HT) ATIRMR AE
binmrtidated, ay REN FRE FHA FRA ee
arhAimnt PAmAEda HHO MMAR, HE EE fae
Harem, Hit WE EKA HOKE fda, AM BERR:
th hae (HOtAMaAOH THREAMA WE MHA MRM Fx RUHIME
Appreheretoy Ke WhateaKta AtHEMEY AE
thate
the HEMT TE Fa LEAL ACE EE HAE
tripe {ar sti tieet at AON HAH aa i Witt han {
tom@atd ffs fe dW (HHA MUTHMER BAH uf NARMS
faut Ut ted BAMECETRE POI AH
tla ta Wbalthe ANH HHA BAYREAT af the Ha
hat pattie ot ENR HIRSH EEE HRA
Hla batneottn WN Kethod tteiMe MA
fataaHia Athi FA RRGAR ER IKEAHR AF
Biahbw (a (HM HMA HAE ERA tat
(HA GUE RAM MR A GTR HEIHHR
Plot 1H Heianatd CHA LHEERE FRR HA FR
belo Kita, AHL Heath A REAEATHAHE BHU
BEIM ATE OO HBOLAK QL HH
Nbvhtthbthaa (ha CE CREA HALE (arated a
fH le MbAIMEATI HME BRRAE RIE Rata
the dabutitie Hae HHH ULRBUMRERA ARA 1M
HiWme dati of HHA HEERRER AE ENA Mat FA
(eR ity Pht bl
Pha GutebapHHRKE AP THA AHA Hae Had
fH Khbrbat tm BUH EKRRAHAH AE EHR HRMAS
(dmetare GF LKR CWHPRHRRAHH BP EaRHE
eltK Ate Heath, EHR TRMARE HE THE KALE,
(ilo AHH aiHOd THE AFR@ME HEAL CEI
hoe, Ganbrdt HRGEATAEY AP ENA CRHERUREA
Hoh BE fidhit, HRM ABTA, FRO HERETO
baad at the RUHR, AE HRAHREE RANA dad
bawtloitle Hid GHA BTHAR Had Heke HAR Re
trot Hie Weil GH EHO GHAERR GP THAT
ts (UIM@R HHH HA HOKE FHA PRY ATHHA HEY
HrORAMAKHA CE He HH THETA HERRRRH LAMY
fot Hees 1e HE A HHEHEIE HE AHR HOR AAT
eHlk AmAtHet HI Pee Adewe
He te HH MOLI HAE HARRAH TH LEERY
AHH MlReoeHeH HE EMR HELHBI MR WE RAL
Wil hee TR TRA FRA TH ERR
LABHEOEN OAHEUEE FRRKAEMHTA GIEAKHA GAR
be ABabIt AE ee He HAMIL HR LEEL,
HAE bE RLHHH) ib Hate AH KAlelAL @eiEE
trodd hile WHbRAE, AHH HBT HH HR BRL BRA
(i THA litt, ARIMKH HA HAE HHA HALA ERE
HWA He KHER PHA RHHIA THREE Aa
(OOOH GAR HE HH HHH EINH HP BIAE
Ate Gicht HIRE HAE PRAT BH RTEREE U8
PaeiEE Hs eitbH HHMEHWHE ANU HR BAH HBR A
(HAE The Fa He BREE ie THAR
Meoftatiett FUHEHRE RMT EME FHA RATTRR
fel Ofori HH MAH FAL He HABE EE ER
brie ATL CHHG OH EH RHA FHA EHR MEPL EM
WHE GbE BHEHIRR HE THR GA MRFH THRRE
hath Wee UbMHEMLIMRH H® EHR MHA
Hot Gt EAH MEH HE EHe FuRea AE RARE
Thin le PUHHRE RHA WH He EHR FE IR
Alot (ik HHI AP FHA REFIKRR FAHY
(i Tht MAS HAY pute HEHAHE LH RIHARE, HU
(4 WhelH CHIE ARYRH MR BH WRAHRMHAE HY
WifshelH TBI CRHHAHH RA TRRIE RHA
loweHe ANU AWHIBRITIHM HAH CHHINHIE Fe
CHUTE Ween
TEAM qiIEE FAB FHAE A CHER HAH BRE
HHIHIAHOR FHAE HP EHR FAIL AM He
tHonkhd TE WIL HR FHA Halley AP EMA Hal
COHEBHER EH ELH HUE FHA HEIIRR MRA HA He 4
Par Iotie HIRHIFHHHBRM IF HARI HAH
CHOU HA AHR GMI @LRRY HR ER
THE HO tRHIHOAE, RAWAYRE, WIL ARE CIHR
WHE GE Ite HHRGAHHIHAR HHH APRRE HAH
Bibotiotie THA PHEHFR RUTIEY WH he lnemely | 4
HhAWOHiGH Hy FHA RARE HE EHR Gusti
MeantHié, (HR GRIF BARRE Kicdaa At ERM
betHnrliiinHe AKHER TA Bae Had Hee HRe
HaHhhhd tHe HAH FHAR A HBHKIA BEAR Pap
HrotHtnHa, WHI HHA RRHHHA HE Ne piel
Th dase KHAN HAE RCA IBHE
THOHG 1k KARA BEWARE FRAG FHA Haverns
Holt ill HANA AH Ally FBCHHAFFRM AGHA
Ih OALOIRHEY tH AHHOA HEB RR TE MO FAIHIR
Wan eile be He

HHO HEE WHE THAGHSA,

TIPWIGHAKE AFFRALA FRE MUHHAHe Mpeeel
HbA HALHMIOR Mey alte:

Her HAE HEARAIAAE Pe Me
Pahid, ABHL WAL A RARRHA at Fhe
1 Abine beehatae (HHIHE belatit: Wemarane

HHA Hate, ALA TH Wie WAIFR ER ae
While THK LHAWAR Wn MeelAPed FAR We
WA HAH WAH, MEL FRA FR Ere
SHH HARI 1 AI ENA Reale WAR
Ke TWH CHW WIN WR We si

Uhint ul Me tt (He al “ it
TOM IMELH HAE af is tf ih "
bi maHmiall HE | had Anil @ isi

HaLn |

hom ragioed Crake OF tetdT Ana ROCHA HHO at anaceny | atHny
rhage Healey wimnmitee that Mee abet | ER UY

 

 

 
 
 

any deorder be-

Mem
Hae wit beers baw jaws
m ant ee ret of Pashe will be
wee Aca Varea An order has
eH Hemline PRAHA RAE RHE Ibn be? Keeey7
i thee ot peele ihe paliee wil nek allow
hen ta FUR heewiae ad make muah good

er fick Leen dee

4 While Hele? | ieenemal © ReLTR-
| bare, bend We BES rerrenpandent be-dey
Hat every precetion had been taken
again Hevile ba-merram, and t the
Gosia couldenne wae fell thet the day
peacetully. except far poneible

aorastiene 4 '@ nent
marcas ne news

 

He fewdial acta, whieh He lore WAS fae
wat hee & weeventing M. Winter adinitted
at tha ne lant thelr beade in the
a fe yee wud ere uy AV ieheae

far ae e the
ere mee. re a the Cees of the

"y te Aled Hu wae abaclulely
he ararehie AA heater ROMER La -day
Beveral denichary ¥ were made by the
halen Hehe ne easy Griuelbes |
Vg balias tativn and Meany,
rOUHAHE and Hiker, whe are BHopepertiote,
ware Ai teeted
| there wae a FHIMer to-day that Levy, |
| te head ef the Laker Conlederation, bad |
ill freeted, Rut it bined put Lo be une
| tre HE WEMe FeoH Hw Feet that Lhe police
| wate moon vein Levy'e home we
plmnthy i wee Rese riaiied Huet #ithongh
Fh ee peat hat Levy'@ arteet bed heen issued
+ dae Henan and the police had been

(He
an gaat ie" a At the lahor leaders
"a Hed on Minter Clemenceau the
( 6 OO they were bo he arrested
and ta whom the Miniser
eth Y te reply that they
i ware aR “wppoMe ehiwe Of Lhe barri-

eh

‘nk ae THE BLN viekted the
| HRMHHMr lan AF the Cantederation of Labor
wad WHRA there B Arian leaders talbing

hp hy rene af thectetary Kiriffuelbor

beet HWE etait 4 tq be arremed.
Me) Higara Wek Lo-day @ wigned
pies fin de Che

Hee wR He

pce Hae hy é
He lay ROnFer
ihe atte eM » ‘oi einployere Uyere
ey Aflcere on

mM ny per that npow
MEH FRAME “a

e Hciaed et ae f

y KRMIRRRY vf waldierw in tele quartern |
HOA Rae Oh he fartiicwtion in they

HAFLER REE AE Peele ie vinneneedd Henvelven | | eathoflad with the agreement and is con-

hy aH Ihe ‘Internationale’ |
Hal, Wl TA PARA, FE
MREAHIN Hew WIE the prleete

tad
and
vAH bnet!

aH pH
Sie RHE A ae Riera Hemuie

rtd whe le lidlewed by Hie Freneb mutant
Hb by he HeenetAd WHER Ehe plat le fanent
iH elilhen, Whe AEA hete yerlerday,
han tle Henne wie pentehed by the paliee
1h VAFbe ne Retry thay fonnd doen
Walia whieh ehawe HAE be bad rent
HHAUAY 1H tedden AE He peak lnere On
RUHR LR The HanME HAH AE Pie Abet Mlady
Re Me The Eee be Ppa lt
HARHAN, ARE Bom The Channel planners
it ly hh tered, mn orate with Page
i tH ra Vreven higean TRUM
fly Fin ir ARKALAN i finan ar
WR FERRER te be HRPFRAedentad,
Ht Git mB keh le ey large Mae
{I Hu en He Hava Hee ve Hie pteninere,
Wk Mane Ih TRH AER RAR BeMRd hy
(HA AEF i
Wah i AA A nein’ 1h
A ht nwa th Kaa miad ¥ militnry
eee Any whe Hi The wintlowe

Mara RAH He Ather hamke replated
FW the laste
AW A who bad heen

Ree
“ht ( All Phe
AER ti i hy Patim fefueed bo bowed
th ln Hey had enenih af that

(Ha vert te
wide AP HMM ouee TT tere: _
(RHONA TY THIN WRECK,

Rane Mertens, itnet tne fae an Wer beam
are ta Parle,
oye te im ftenuit la Ve

Mat Ave We Rh Fa bin ne
HR PERE Bere CT ERAT ie
HERA HARA Ve fe Maple Frame even,
by bale ft id BE Ha We Peer at

ANAFRRY AY ie ll HY fran here:
Wt Arvlew with the Rar roarigciat
Al tue hee, Herne Ball cb the Babel lew
ele Pat HH AE Whe dean ete Le Mareel lion
ut rd Hf the AFETNH Af the pleminer rook:
YH) ihe PRINTS eek ehbR, ead thak the
FRMTAHFAHE f tH wie packed. Phe reonnd
hank Wee hilAd An Raven Pally aMichele
We RMP R
NHR tH Hin Arete ean the train wae
wentauiely ty re (laden Mille, her twa
WN @HEREe, Mire HEA Tehri, Mine (ile
iA CRHRR aid b Motirath af Bowten
Ate fasmanger: | fy were net hue.
Ni AKAHE Waa AA he bFeminee with which
the it RIA AY inedtad hut Me @attb ie net

th LW ml I", ween the train
t

far ae FRMAE KALA Elie
HAHA i Rk tee a iy There

HH HAE RoLate nel fenletanee of may ibid
\ ft | RikanAeey hae be wale g mile tg
RAH HUH HAE WARH fatty fant amban
ia tate Hn Fae rrlial i Mn whieh arelved fram
|

a bWH vale HRP ER HARA, Ain:
HAHA HM AM Hie relist train wt the

vi FARAH
LAVINA FOR

 

FOR HAATOCK,
Alwi @ REAnHe Lan fe THe AnTHAL Pree

‘FAN Arle Velenele,
Special Cake Hetnalen (a Pw Bbw

FL MA: nr gn "
ba ‘ A Palen ; vn Ans
i in ue ARparHuRE for
ie ia iw ft | mend Vatel
ran Ht ei " anil reat ta hin
GUN Saas wt en
oe ri ms th la Willan maul
au Kan Aue ny, whe te
Hf rd tai re
ih ait
i tT PAMER MEN AA,
Meahabl ten Hi Lait Win mH tae Conrter

a Fit Herpalen ti cy ace
han kan, A eae aaa fae wenn
h ne nt RH
i, Hate ve

i ie wa a pai Ap '
(NH WRAKING HATE:

WAN Annaueed That Ceremans WH fake
Mane an May 1A

Sperlal Cade Le Hin 7 fh
han ay \y Hie an i say Nin

Ht i f i iat Astor auc M
Ae itl set onive ‘ab
Fy aly Wate hie a fe ading

“+eNEW YORK, TURSDAY,

 

 

|

mie |

BMD OF RATE DEBATE IN SIGHT |

SENATE COMER TO ALN ANE MOTS
(MRE EMENT,

Hn Prides 1 MU Begin Caonsiteration of

Smendinents ed Vete on Keach es Boen

as Debate on Ub ts Coneluted “Thank

the Lord,’ Genpier Froe’s Comment.

Waensworos, April 4%. An agreement to
begin this week the consideration of émend-
mepie to the railway rate regulation bill
and to vole on mach amendment as soon as
ite discussion has been concluded was
preached in the Senate this afternoon. This
agement marks the beginning of the end
in the rate bill debate. Predictions are
being made to-night that @ rate law will
be enacted in ten days or two weeks.

The agreement was unanimous. It came
suddenly, almost wnegpactediy although
Senator representing all shades of opinion
on the subject of railway rate making had
been at work all day trying to arrange a
tune for taking a yote on the bill itself.
A definite proposal to fix May 11 as the date
fora final vole evoked much consideration,
| but it wae not satisfactory to several Bena -

lore.
At the close of a pet speech on the rate

question, delivered by Senator Clarke of
Arkansas. Senator Tillman arose and asked
that « voting date be fixed. This led to a
rather lively debate, which resulted in the
arrangement to begin considering amend-
menis to the bill on Friday of this week
and brought from the veteran Senator
Frye of Maine the fervent exclamation,
*Thank the Lord,” which found an echo in
the mind of nearly every Senator pres-
ent. The text of the agreement reached
follows

“Lt is agreed by unanimous consent that
on Friday, May ¢, 1006, immediately upon
the eonclusion of the routine morning
business, the Senate will proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. K., 12087), the bill
to be read by sections for the purpose of
amendment, the discussion upon amend-
inept» offered to proceed under a fifteen
minute rule, the amendments to be dis-
posed of when the disoussion thereon is
| eon a in

Kach of the two factions in the henate
in making the assertion that it is thoroughly

| fident of ite success when the final vote
comes, There je apparently, however, a
greater feeling of certainty among the #o-
called conservatives that they possess a
pufichent number of yotes to enact rate
legielation of their own way of thinking.
The main difference between the two fac-
tlone Ie over the court review provision,

| the conservatives Inwieting that the Federal
| judidary whall haye the broadest possible

authority lo pass upon the rate fixing orders
of the Unlteretate Commerce Commission,
while the radicals favor specifoally Umiting
the powers of the judiciary in thle regard,
lt in claimed that thirty-nine Republican
henators and bwalyve Democratle Benatore
are cartuin to vate for a broad review pro-
vivion. This would give a majority of seven
for lheral peylew,

Krom now on & more earnest renewal
of the efforts to being about a compromise
ainong the divided Republicans may be
expeotod. There isa hopeful feeling that
when the amendments are aotualiy under
ponpideration and oie realived that the
final vole eannot be long delayed the
loudere will get together and agree upon
a» court reylew provision that will have
the ldorsunent of a large inajority of the
henate and ineure the passage of the bill
by that body in short order,

Under the formal agreement reached
to-day general debate on the bill will end
on Thursday and thee-eonsideration of
wmeondinents will be begun on the follow-
ing day, ‘The bill will be read by #eotions,
vad the amendments appropriate to each
motion will be considered and yoted on
before the next seotion le taken up, No
benator will be permitted to talk for more
than fifteen minutes on any one proposition,
lt wee made plain in the Menate to-day
that aftor all the peotiona of the bill have
hoon read wed amendments therete oon-
pidered and voted on other amendments
inny be offered to any seotion, ‘There are
alow ninety amendments to the meqesure
now before the Senate,

Moet of these are unimportant, but it ia
believed that onecthird of them will be
(obated at some length. Tt ia impossible
to eatimate how long it will take to dispose
of the amendments, but the epinion that
hae the greater number of supporters le
that nat more than ten duya will be required,

lt wae apparent shortly after noon that
the loaders on both aides were busying them=
polyen to mpcuTe An Agreement ona date for
a vote. Mr. Clarke Of Arkansas waa cone
cluding bis epeech on the rate bill, Mr.
Tillman, who is nominally in charge of
the measure, moved among the Benatore

ith a lonk of pet determination on his
ace, Iroonversation with Benator Aldrich
hie gewtures were emphatic, Word was
whispered about the ehamber just about
the time Mr, Clarke waa rounding out his
yeraration that an informal agreement had
ies reached, whieh Mr, Tillman would

farraily and officially goal as goon as Mr.
"i

Clarke had concluded,

At the oritioal mament the South Caro-
ling Benatar arone and submitted a requoent
for unanimous conment that general debate
clone with the session to-morrow and that
the amendinente be (taken up and disposed
of after debate under the ten minute rule
and that a final vote be taken on the bill and

prenamenta then pending on Friday,

vi Me while Mr. Tillman was explaining
Mr. Aldrich of Whode Island sat nodding
assent When Mr, Tillman eoncluded
Mesara. Aldrieh, Lodge, Hale and Allison
were an thelr {vat A few minutes of pare
liamentary sparring ooourred and every-
thing apemed ta he progressing rapidly
toward an agreement when Mr. Morgan of
Alabama riped out an objection, This was

golod with murmure of disapproval, but
fe venerable Benator was immovable.

Mr. Morgan explained that he was ready

to take up the bill to-morrow if necessary,
and consider it section by seetion with the
amendments and dispose of amendments
in their order and when this had been
done to yote on the bill as amended, But
he declared that he would abject to fixing
any time for a vote that ralgnt preclude the
fullest eonsideration of all amendments,

Mesare. Aldrich, Hale and Spooner left
their seate and pleaded with the Alabama
Henator, but ta no Froese:

Mr. Oulbarson of Texas showed signs of
nervousness and suggested that he was not
in favor of cutting off general debate aa

oe ee ee

Continued an Soreud Page
Afterall
‘hel made the Gignb

 

oo
Jeher's (he Boater
(Ore — ae

MAY 1,

 
  

Bere wow

a

THINK non wine. ne NAMAD,

Net Hettey edt That Kinsing Affate Witt
Affeet Pailtieal Gutteek.
‘Tovesa, Kan, April %.- The Hooh-
Stanley kining episode haa fallen flat and
Gov. Hooh will be renominated by acelama-
tion on Wednemtay.

That ts the opinion of party leaders and |

the 260 delegates now on the ground. The
kimsing episode has been gossiped about
for more than six months and the fact
that it ooourred @ year ego cauers the
story lo be regarded only as @ campaign
canard,

Three months ago Mra. Stanley, the
woman who was threatened with a itine
from the Governor a year ago, asaisted
the Governor's wife in a reception at the
Executive Mansion.

The publication of this story at thie time
ix charged to Chairman Sapp of the Demo-
cratic State committee, who le @ cousin of
Mr». Stanley. om

POISONED CANDY RY MAIL,

Atiempt Made to Kill a Twelve-Vear-tid

Girt Her Mother Arrested,
Trenton, N, J., April 30.—Poisoned
candy, mailed from Trenton to twelve-
year-old Josephine D, Davenport, a wardin
the home of E.Jones of Washington's Cross-
ing, eight miles above this city, almost re-
sulted in the death of three persons. The
child's mother, Mrs. Laura Davenport, a
Trenton woman, was arrested this after-
noon, on a charge of being a fugitive from
justice. She is wanted to answer an indict-
ment found by the Grand Jury several
months go.

The woman will be questioned to see if
she has any knowledge of the poison case.
The Davenport child, who ate freely of the
candy, was in such a condition that her life
was despaired of for many hours, and even
now the indications are that she will suffer
for weeks from the effects of the poison.
That she was not killed outright was prob-
ably due to her love for her father, which
prompted her to save @ large part of the
candy until he had paid her a visit.

Others who fel! victims to the plot to kill
the child were Mrs, Jones and the latter's
son, Marvin Jones, who is 8 years old. The
Davenport child was sent to the post office
and received the box,which was addreased
to her with a lead pencil, an attempt having
been made to disguise the handwriting.

The box bore a Trenton post mark and was
not wrapped but merely tied with a piece of
twine, The whole job had the appearance
of being badly bungled, possibly in an ef-
fort to hide the identity of the sender. The
Davenporte have been separated some
two years.

PROMISED HER FREEDOM,

McCormick Alleges ter Husband
Released Her From Her Vows,

Vive Pua, April 8).--A novel sult
has heen brought in the Weatcheater
County Court at White Plains by Mrs,
Mary KE, MeCormick of Pelham Manor
to enforce an alleged contract made by
her husband, James M, MoCormick, The
couple have not lived happily together and
4 eull for separation ts now pending before
the Supreme Court,

Mre, MoCormiok alleges that her hus-
hand made an agreement by which he
promined to pay her 18) a week and to
give her the widest freedom from her mar-
riage vows, She now says that he has
refused to live up to the contract so far
as the payment of her allowance is con-
cerned,

John M, Digney, counsel for Mr, MeCor-
mick, contends that the agreamont ja il-
lega', for the reanon that no man can re-
lease his wife from her marital obligations
except through a regular proceeding
brought before the Supreme Court, The
case wos argued before Justice Platt on
a point of law to-day, but will be tried out
next Friday before a jury,

ROOKMAKEN RAN

oo

 

 

Mra,

Ciot 1,800 of Lettors’ Money at the Rocke
away Hunt Club's aces and Skipped,

Hempsi: in, tl 0,, April #0. An angry lot
of bettom hunted tur a bookmaker who had
taken bets from them on Saturday at the
races held under the auspices of the Rocka.
way Hunt Club, He dirappeared just be-
fore the finish of the vecond race, which
was for hunters over four mile courre,
and which wax won by Mrs, Flolee Ker-
nochan's Cresset after he had been backed
from two to one to three to five at post
call,

Aw soon ax tho names of the jockeys of
the mecond race were Posted the bookle
got busy, Members of the HKockaway,
Meadow Brook and Great Neck hunt clube
at once got down on Cresret for amounta
from 625 to $500, as the tip had gone the
rounds that Creaset waa fit, All the grooms
on the course aluo got down all they had
on Creaset, who rapidly dropped from two
to odde on, From the drop of the flag the
result was never in doubt, and Creaset came
home on the bit with lots to spare,

When the jubilant club member went
to collect their wagem they found that
the bookie had flown and could not be found,
He took in 61,400 before he akipped,

 

WG S87. TUR TU RNS TO DUST.

Soulptor Witter's "Work “Made for St, Louls
Vale Collapses and Hatis,

Ht. Louis, April 80.—A pile of white
duet and a few fragments of ataff are all
that remain of the herolo statue of Joliet
which was taken from the world's fair
and wet up at the entrance to O'Fallon Park,

Without a warning creak the great
image tottered and fell from {ts basa
Sunday afternoon in view of hundreds of
pleasure scekers in the park,

The figure, 25 feet high and 16 feet long,
crashed to the ground, For an instant
the place iy it had stood was hidden
from the spectatera by a white oloud,
Then, when the alr clearod it was seen that
the magnifiount work of art wae shattered
beyond all hope of repair.

The work of installing {t at the entranoe
to the park was completed only three days
ago at an expense to the olty of nearly
62,000,

When the statue was taken from the
world's fair residents of the O'Fallon Park
district were told by Soulptor Carl Bitter
that it would last at least ten years,

fohwab Wins Lenden sult.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sun,

Lonpon, April %.—In the suit whioh
David Rothachild, a ploture dealer, brought
againat Charles M. Schwab for breach
of contract to buy for £15,000 Constable's
painting of “Dedham Lock," a verdict was
rendered to- “day in favor of Mr. Schwab.

 

 

Rauinex Water Pertevt- Pare.
P. &@& Te Charice, A.M, & Oa Waner'terAde,

el Cpe Med than we wenger:

Oe. Cette tbe le ites ow

1906 ponents | 1006, by The Sun Printing and Publialing Association,

|  SHBRMANS MARCH 0 THE SEA | |

  

 

SON STARTS OVER THE MOtTE
TAKEN BY WIS FATHER.

Adverse Cemment im Savennah Seme
Charhetertze 1 as an inewtt and Say
He Should Get as Nearly ee Peasthte
the Same Reveption tite Pather Mad.

Cuatianoogs, Tenn., April 9%. Parly
thie morning Father ‘Thomas Sherman and
an esenyt from the Twelfth Cavalry at
Fort Oglethorpe lefi on horeeback over
the route taken by Gen. W. T. Sherman,
hie father, in the famous march to the sea,
for the purpose of obtaining data for the
archives of the War Department. Father
Sherman was accompanied by Second
Lieut. Campbell, three non-commissioned
officers and six privates. The company
will be furnished subsistence and forage
at various points along the route as pro-
vided by the War Department. Father
Sherman, who is a Jesuit, said Mass
at Fort Oglethorpe Sunday morning. After
reaching Atlanta the soldiers will return.

SAVANNAH, April 90.—Father Sherman's
proposed march through Georgia has
provoked a great deal of adverse com-
ment here. Many characterize such a
march as infamous and an insult. Capt.
Young, president of the Confederate Veter-
ans’ Association, said to-day, discussing
the proposed visit of the son of Gen. Sher-
man;

“It would not surprise me to find that
there has been some error in the report as
sent out, and that it may be found that
Father Sherman does not have the intention
of coming through the South in the manner
the telegrams describe. At any rate I
would not be disposed to condemn the act
until 1 knew the object and intention of it.

“I cannot imagine what possible good
such a visit can do, but it may do considera-
ble harm in awakening the memories of one
of the most brutal marches ever made.
There certainly is nothing to be proud of
in Sherman's marching with a large army
through a country undefended, and then
to report to his Government that he had
destroyed more than twice as much property
as necessary for the support of his army.
Sherman wantonly did this without just
cause.

“Then, again, the Government can
scarcely understand the temper of our
people, since it is deemed necessary for the
son of Sherman to have a guard as he ad-
vances through the country. Notwith-
standing all that has been done, he would
find himself as safe in this section asin any
other section of the country.”

Gen. 8. F. B. Gilleapie, Deputy Clerk of
the United States Court and a prominent
member of the G. A. R., was equally pro-
nounoed in his denunciation, He said:

“It is outrageous, If the reverend father
wants to seo the ground over which his
father went why doesn't he get a carriage?
I can't see how the Government can furnish
an escort.”

City officials and others around the City
Hall do nat look with favor on the proposed
march. Many of the sentiments expressed
would not make polite reading, Some
ventured the atatement that if the matter
were left to them they would as nearly aa
possible give to the son the same reception
the people gave the father, Others, ox-
pressing the iden still more clearly, said
they thought the party should be given
the cold shoulder and nothing to eat.

Acting Mayor Dixon's opinion was to the
point. He said:

“If it were left to me I'd have him caught
and hung before he reached Savannah.”

CHARGES iii ED ON
If the “Prophet ‘Doesn't Answer by Toe

morrow They Will Be Made Public,

Cuicaao, April 80. John Alexander
Dowle, the deponed apostle of the Christian
Cathollo Church, and now an oooupant
of three front rooma in the Shiloh House,
reoel ved to-day a written list of the charges
brought against him by Voliva and other
members of Voliva's party, Dowle's in-
vitation for a full statement of accusations
against him met with Immediate response,
and a long document, signed by sixteen
ohureh dignitaries, was handed to the
"Prophet" Ly a special mossenger,

The Firat Apostle has until Wednesday
in which to make answer, Should he fail
to explain away the charges the document |
will be read at a public meeting in the tab- |
ernacie, it in said, Voliva refuses to cis. |
ouss the charges beyond the one relating |
to Anna Rihard, who, according to a state-
ment made by! the dethroned “Klijah"
yesterday, acoused several overseers,

*Dowle is a ilar,” sald Voliva, “and he
knows lt, He says the woman ja now in an
insane asylum. I say that isa lie!"

Voliva then told of events supposed to
have happened on the apecial car 'Tooaloo,
He did not say when nor where,

Appointment of a receiver for the assets
of John Alexander Dowle was delayed until
May 16 by Judge E, N. Landi to-day, be-
cause of pending litigation in regard to the
ownership of Zion City property now before
the court at Waukegan. If Dowle wins
in the fight over the property at Zion it ta
probable that the bankruptoy petition will
be dismissed,

TO QUIT BROOKLYN FOR Goon,

SS SSS SSS
eS

DOWTE,

 

Kiley, the ExeBanker Bigam!.t, Going
Inte Exile,

Thomas W. Kiley, who disappeared
from Brooklyn about two months ago,
direotly after the publication of the big-
amous scandal in whioh he was involved,
returned yesterday morning to his old home
at 201 Jefferson avenue, the residence of
wife No, 1, which is only a couple of blocks
from the home of Mra, Colt, wife No, 2,

Since leaving Brooklyn ey had lived

een at Asheville, N de said yea.

ay that he would US once wind up his
aa in mrookire eae ave it for good.
is Understood that range @ com-

Dlate recon reconciliation with first wife
op Placed her in inde , clroume-

tances. Mre, Colt pro entire ine
difference to Kiley's movements, and da-
clares she will hold no communication with
him except through her lawyers,

Kiley od from the presidency of
North Vaid Bank before starting for Ashe-

ville. He is still @ stockholder in the in-
geruton, He will leave for Europe in a few
ayn.

 

 

Latest Marine Inteliigence.
Arrived: Ss Ryndam, Rotterdam, April 2!

rent Bats one. Se BURGUNDY
1 Dewey ene oo ase itor he tow Yorn,
Nothing Ov ing Quite Ranals tt.

nets be Tecate ¥ Limited, the 18-hour t
ween Hew w Vera and ind ‘chleage eby'e ne New v
Ceuta lines, Leaves Now a fort ae .
vv Micage 8S) west morning a aighi's ones.

 

he a kh my Se Mn gh

Temapay, Mav t. 1908.
Partly cloudy and cooler to-day;

showers to-morrow.

 

   

hu ON Winer any "PRISON.

Revatting Treage et Sevartepet ‘inte |
‘Thivty-the Prisoners.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tae Sun

Sr. Prreneavne, April 3. A sertou
outbreak oceurred at Sevaatupol last night
‘The disciplinary battalion there destroyed
the military prison and lWherated thirty-
five men, who were undergoing sentences:

 

for taking leading parts in mutinies that

ocourred during the past year.

The Governor has telegraphed to
Petersburg maying that the situation ia
grave. The extent of the revolt is not
yet known.

TURKISH TROOPS MOVING.

. eee
Large Peree Mas Left Jeddah for (hebe
in Contested Mistriet.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tan Sun

Lonpon, May 1.-A_ despatch to the
Chronie’e from Alexandria says that a
lirge force of Ottoman troops have left
Jeddah for Akaba. The officers at first
refused to start unless they received half
their pay.

It is stated that Jeddah is in complete
confusion. Foreigners there are alarmed.

Beaux, April %.—The Frank/urter
Zeitung printa a despatch from Constanti-
nople saying that in consequence of re-
ports from the Turkish Minister at Athens,
to whom in conversation King Edward
referred in serious terms to the Tabah
controversy, a Ministerial council has been
held at which it was decided not to modify
the stand Turkey has hitherto adopted
in her dispute with England regarding the
Egyptian boundary.

 

COL, DADY TAKES WATER.

Brookiyn's Odell Representative Wen't
Fight Reapportionment Mans.

Col. Michael J. Dady, almost the sole
Republican stateaman in Brooklyn of any
influence who adhered to the crumbling
Odell machine, has abandoned all oppo-
sition to the reapportionment plans pre-
pared under the direction of ex-Lieut.-
Gov. Timothy L. Woodruff. A few days
ago he was predicting that a successful
fight against the scheme would be waged
at Albany.

The plans are pronounced perfect in
every detail by competent political atatis-
ticians, and ensure, it is said, the election
of at least three out of the seven Senators
by the Republicans.

 

 

— -

AMERICAN INVASION OF CUBA
Senator Zayas Wants Han Placed on
Further Land Purchases.

Speclal Cable Despatch to Turn Sun

Havana, April 80,--A bill has been pre-
sented to the Senate to reserve the Cuban
coastwise trade for Cuban vossela ox.
olusively,

Senator Zayas drew the attention of the
Senate to anartiole inthe Disevaion, avcord-
ing to which land in Cuba is rapidly passing
Into the hands of Americans, In the Prov-
inve of Bantiygo Amerioans have bought a
million acres anddea Camaguey they own
a larger proportionate amount, efor
Zaye urged the adoption of & Hit PVR |
that ulions, in whowe native countries the
law forbide foreigners to hold land be pro-
hibited from owning land in Cuba, He
said that in Amerioa and Hayti aliens could

not hold land,
BACHELOR GIRL WEDS,

President of the Mount Vernon Organiza
tlon Becomes a Bride,

Mount Viennon, N, Y., April 80°=Mina
Belle Mets, president of the Bachelor Girls
Club of Mount Vernon, wax married to-night
to Dr. Thomaa 8. Swift at the Church of
the Ascension, on. Chester Hill, Miss
Moety, was the orguniser and first president
of the Bachelor Girls, who numbered
thirteen. Their motto waa “individual
and simple life." For a time the club went
along swimmingly and then Cupid started
to make inroada on the membership,
Firat one married and then another, until
at Mina Moetv's marriage nearly half of
the original membership are enjoying
married life.

90,000 LONGSHOREMEN STRIKE,

Trat.’ on the Great Lakes Completely
Tied Up.

Cnicago, April 80. Acting under orders
from Presidunt B. J. Keefe of the Inter
national Langshoreamen's Union nearly
30,000 men will quit work at 12° o'clock
to-night and tivight traffic on the lakow bs
practically tled vp,

It is estimated that probably as many
other workers on shore will be affected by
the atrike,

In all the porte of the Great Lakes boat
owners worked up to midnight to get their
ships Jaden and away from shore before
the atrike order took effect,

For a time at least no effort will be made
to operate the dooks with non-union men,
and the tleup will be complete.

ee

MOSS DINNER FOR SIX-TWOCENTS

Dr. Hanatoen Belleves It Is to Be the Popue
lar Food for the Masses,
Spectal Cable Deapatch to Tan Sun,

Curretianta, April 80.--Dr. Hanateen;
chief lecturer at the Agrioultural Schoo! at
Aas, declares his belief that moss is dos-
tined to become a great popular food for
the masses owing to its cheapness and nu-
tritious value. A common, greenish-white
moss that is found almost everywhere,
was cleaned, subjected to a chemical pro-

vemsed and cooke!. It makes a dish

Golightin the most blasé epicure, and it iu
ae nutritive as the vegetables now
if not more #0. It can also be ground and
used as meal for bread-mak

Dr. Hansteen says his expe nents chew
that nine ounces of moss, ooastin
equivalent of two cents, will make a fisoe
for eix persons,

A NEW PLAN TO STOP. SPITTING,

Cineinnat! Polloe Hand Cards Telling of
the Danger te Offenders,

Crncrnnatt, April 80,—Chief of Police
Paul Milliken has adopted new tactics

in the war against spitters in etreot oars
os public places,

He directed patrolmen to hand to any
one seen expectorating in a public place
a card on which is printed:

“Spitting manacns public health,

“Spitting on sidewalks in p ubite, coe

lable to

veyanoes or in public yee Ae
RRS Sees cite of the card ante”
or aide o oa re
of the olty ordinance. ® we
Latest Marcen! Wireless, °

Kronprina Wilhelm . for New
mile eas fant vt Nantucket Lighvahip at 1110 B, Werese
Dewar's reachet exclusive etroles

because of purity, Doctors recommend t.—Adea

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

7 SSD

PRICE TWO CENTS. §
17 rans SHO 4 WILL DIB.

STATE POLICR REPEL ATTACK OF
POREIGON MINERS.

ee os ee

Saturday's Onthreak at Yount Carmel Pete
lowed by Bloatshed When Peace
OR ere terive te Restore Grier Tews
and County @ffletate Hefume te tet,

Tamwaovua, Pa. April Seventeen
rioters who attacked half of Troop ( of
the State Mounted Police at Mount Carmef
to-day were alot down.

Pour were fatally wounded, while four
of the troepere were badly hurt in the
encounter

The squadron was compelled ty retire
behind the stockades of the Sayre colliery
and leave the town in the possession of
the rioters. To-night the remainder of the
troop has reenforced the twenty-two men
who did the shooting and Capt. J. W. Page
and forty men of Troop B left here to.
night for Mount Carmel. Capt. Page will
take charge of the situation and with
troopers armed with riot guns, revolvers
and clubs will, if he receives authority
from Sheriff Sharpless of Northumberland
county, move upon the rioters in the morne
ing, make wholesale arrests of those cons
cerned in to-day's disturbances and put
down the mob spirit with a strong hand.

Te-day's rioting was remarkable for the
fact that it was not inspired by any action
of the State troopers and was not directed
against any one connected with a colliery.
Tt was caused apparently by the fact that
the rioters were aroused by the presence
of the uniformed State police and the proe-
pect that they would arrest the men who
were concerned in the rioting on Saturday
night.

The troopers had been called to the scene
by Sheriff J. B. Sharpless, who feared that
there would be a further outbreak when
the men who were building a breaker at
the Sayre colliery returned to work this
morning.

The detail of twenty-two men, under
command of Lieut. W. F. Smith, which waa
located temporarily at Pottsville, received
orders at 2 o'clock this morning to proceed
to Mount Carmel. The policemen and the
horses were loaded on a special train whieh
reached Mount Carmel at 5 o'clock,

They stabled their horses at the Bear
Ridge shaft and at about & {o'clook
marched into the town for breakfast. As
soon as the foreigners saw them they be-
came incensed and started to jeer them,
The officers marched on steadily, looking
neither to right nor left.

The first hotel they went to waa the Looust
Mountain House, where the proprietor
refused to feed them, Then they proceeded
to the Commercial Hotel, the leading hose
telry in the town, They entered the hotel
at about @ o'clock, The proprietor wae
willing to feed them, but the servant
girls refused to serve them, and the cooks,
following the lead, refused to prepare
food for them, The officers then proceeded
to cook their own breakfast,

In the meantime an immense crowd

had gathered in the streets, Every tims
one Poltoomon apponred af wile
dow a chorus of joers and malediotions

went up from the crowd,

Finally the detachment oame out and the
crowd began to clove in about them, The
men tried to force a passageway through
the mob, but to no avail, Suddenly a piece
of brick came whizzing through the air,
It graved the cheek of a big polloeman
and the blood trickled down over hia gray
whipoord blouse, Another atone siruck @
second policaman's helmet and the next
moment a fusillade was flying through the
alr toward the little band of uniformed
men on the sidewalk

Drawing their long clubs the polloamen
battered their way through the crowd,
‘Two mon who spat at and struck the offlosrs
wore taken prisoners,

From the roof of the hotel Burgess Fens
man called upon the mob to disperay and
his words were heeded by some of them

In the meantime the offloers proceeded
to the offloe of Squire Reed, where thelr
prisoners were arraigned and held under
ball, The detachment then marched south
on Maple atreet to Fifth, where tne ocowd
again bocame dense and blocked thelr wiky.

Aguin tho officers were bomb arded
atickhw and stones, and several of them Wire
Injured, The situation, being desperite,
Lieut, Smith ordered his men to draw their
revolvers and fire in the avr

Thin eid not seare the crowd, but only
seomed to make them more vicious, Several
of the Policemen were struck with aticks
and atones and Injured, and the crowd
began to clone in on the little band. Then
the officers fired point blank into the mob,
Hardly had the echo of the reports died
away than the air waa rent with shrieka
ax three men sank to the atreet, the blood
flowing from thoir wounds, Those whe
fell wore Matthew Mattenick, shot in hip,
condition oritioal; George Gregia, ahot in
riba, will recover; Matthew Kimbuski, shot
In hip, serious,

Bulleta from the pistols of the polloemen
paased through the homes of Charles Gold.
amith and Dr, J, B, Kistler. Mra, ool
smith waa slightly injured, After frin,
the crowd the Ppolloe retreated down fth
atreet to the borough line, where they made
@ stand, Again the mob advanced upon
them and again the big revolvers of the
officers blazed @ deacly fire into the crowd,
The wounded are; Sylvester Measervits, 14
years old, shot in bowels, will die; Charles
MocClouky, shot in abdomen; Martin Weelin-
sky, shot in bowels, will die; Stanley Rockee
sky, shot in back over heart, will die; Peter
Sohlisk, struck by stray bullet, four blocks
away, not serious; Louis Wilky, shot ip back,
will die,

Several of the policemen were injured;
but none seriously,

After the deadly fire the mob still pressed
forward and Lieut. Smith withdrew his
men to the barracks of the Sayre colliery
of the Lehigh Valley Coal Company,

After being implored by leading oltinena,
Sheriff Sharpless of Northumberland county
left for Mount Carmel, When he arrived
there and saw the mobs that swarmed the
streets, he became weak at the knees, and
fled to the barracks of the Sayre colliery
and begged for admittance, When he got
Sh Lieut, Smith asked him to swear in his

man ap me deputies, but this Sharpless re.
fused

Several of Smith's men, who are Reguiar
army veterans, begged piteously to be
allowed to go out and face the mob, but
as it had now swelled to 5,000 this was not
allowed,

The second detachment of policemen,

ee

AYALA MAGNET THE PREMIER CHAM.
PAGNE of the world Acker, Merrall & Cand
Oo, US, Distributer, Al best Qulele ang cuba
mht,

 

i
¥

i

ae

a ee