ee

RE ae

— oe
Se a oe

<apge

—

ig ees cope ress + re ‘Set i Fant

"A

 

  

whic tne etationed at Tamaqus, yesterday
wae ordered at 12 o'clock to ao to VWewant
Carmel, and in order to gain tine the sheriff
eaiet he would ewear in the whole tran a
depetiaa when they arrived

AG three o'cloek the aecond detachment
werived and wae quickly taleen ter (he bray
raclte Meili fin ner’? refused fo inet the
offlera @ith the poneer of deputy atverifte

atte Meret Solivertan, of Sinheory
emiied the Sher wy the telephone W her
terled Plvat bre @ee cre Che ater letcle the Senator
seked him Of he eae afraid Tiree aleore

Heth t teed thee weped foe hie bite if he wane
mite the tow ri tonetoe hen rnplore
Ue tes the Chorwerrnenr

Harpies hey we seowared ta hein
wath Prerity ‘ ' arrel wefitae, te
ta he ony '

Ne has bree ‘ C ihe State Prethest
lnentert at Wilberntene rleredt te
Menant /

AG A ehowk the reste foenpalt were
ere@eled with f yoere nearly allot hom

lithoeniane, Honan

Mia y

are arimned

end lialians are pouring inte Ove tow from
the fwrnieta, inflamed with je anion Von
Citigens hace barricaded their hones and
the tevwn sir fitecof terror Chief Mar
ithe other boreal offeota |

gree Fenn
Gannett be found

Ta-riorrow an effort will be made to make
fl ynated by onlookers that

hie nee ner
frpoewrtter Ce.
%, ¥

eee iw prier far

Smith Premier
Svracter,

BAD OF RATE DEBATE IN SIGHT

 

Continued from iret Page

anon aa Wedneaday Mer Bacon of Georg
thowg@h!t tem minutes would not afford em
cient time for a Senator to etplain an
amendment he might want to introdier
The apirit of objection, starting with Mr.
Morgan, promised to hesome general

 

i when Mr. Beveridge of Indiana popped up
land deewred that he would never consent

arrest. me
100 ahota were fired foomueht Lieut sewvith
Wee asked ie nanny were «het | have
fie iften” be vie The town authorities
will give te infernal te twh we're bor
latea cnt here from any oer

When told that it was eported seventeen
had beer he excla ned “te that all

tet all the linet ing? He could net tell,

id, haw many shot. had heen fired,

ae there was foo much | xeitement at the
thrne for hin. to atve ittention to it

There ix no hospital at Mount Carmel,
and fr of Miontelina attended to tho
Wounded. He savy thet several othere are |
probably aliahtic wouaded, but were able
to Walk awey To bre mind the situation

iw atill serious. and foere may be further
trouble ‘I, night the rioters are drinking
heavily, and inall (ne little mining villages
about the town there is great excitement
It ia feared that there may be an outbreak
hefore morning The lowe! authorities if is
aaid, are unable to rest oreorder, and, they
have no ieflnence with the mob

Sergt. Dimon and fifteen members of
Troop BR oof the State police. in company
with epecial detectives of the Lehigh Valley
Railroad, thi« afternoon surrounded the
village of Kast Boston, near Vateaville,

and arrested fifteen Hahans charged with
they

resisting officers. Two dave LO
took a prisoner from the Lehigh Valley
detectives aud constables. To-day they

made no disturbance and were later taken
before Atderman Barrett of Pittston and
were all committed to jail in default of
bail.

It is auepected that men from this settle-
ment, were-responsible for the dy namiting
of the Fens Valley train near. Yatesville
eoveral days ago and for the attempt to
wreck a train near Jenkins’s switch last
nights :

The troopers found in the house of one
of t prisoners a box of dynamite and
confiscated 1!

This morning dynamite was placed under
the tracks of the Ene Railroad leading to
the Meadow Brook colliery and forty feet
of the tracks was blown into débris, “There
fs no-clue to the dynamiters.

In future, any owner of a safe who has
resciied his property from the ruins and
want® to open it) must
from representatives of the Mayor and
Gen, Greely, This is to prevent shrewd
thieves from opening them ahead of the
owner The owners must identify them-
sel ved ahd the safe to the satisfaction of the
committeemen

ADVERTISING

Accused Harvard Instructor's Stster Asks
© Mun to Reveal Himself,

Campkivek, Mass., April
Muenter, the Harvard instructor suspected
of having poisoned his wife, has not been
beard of by the Cambridge police.

Muenter’s sister to-night inserted adver-

FOR MUENTER,

to ans
least

rrangement that didp't allow at
twenty minttes for a speech oon
amendments

While the atorm of dissent was growing
Mr. Villman’s face was a study He looked
mote aed. more determiner

Well,” blurted out Mr. Tillman, “I know
my duty To-morrow at 12 o'clock, when
the morning business ie over, Ell put this
hill before the Senate and keep it there,
and if any Senator don’t want to talk be
can vote,”

Mr. Tilman was appealed toby Mr Frye
of Maine te tmauke one more effort to get an
agreement

‘If there is any way to get rid of this
rate bill,” remarked Mr. Frye, who looked
very tired, “Lf want to do it.”

Mr. Tillman explained that any Senator
who bad anything to say could always have
opportunity, but there were some Sena-
tora who were “long winded on words and
short on thoughts,” and it was against suob
as these that he world protect the Ssnate

Mr. La Follette, who broke the record in
the rate debate with his three day speech,
leaned over to Mr. Knox of Pennsylvania

} and entered a plea of guilty, whereupon
| both laughed

Mr. Bacon, who had been contending
for longer time for debate, took the matter
more seriously, whereupon Mr. Tillman

suggested that the Georgia Senator was
“thin skinned.”
’The Senator from South Carolina is in-

dulging in euphemisms, as he always
does,” remarked Mr. Bacon curtly

A number of Senators tried to extricate
Mr. ‘Tillman from his difficulty, Mr. Bevy-

! eridge suggested that general debate should

obtain a permit |

, Tillman

he extended until next Saturday

“\iake it} Monday,” shouted
Senators in a chorus.

“No, make it Friday,” shouted others,

A smile spread over the features of Mr.
“There are so many cooks here,”
said the South Carolina Senator, that ¥
can't tell where to put the pepperand salt.”

Three times Mr. Tillman asked unanimous
consent and, failing to secure it, as often
he served notice on the Senate that he
would “put on the screws,” as he expressed

several

lit, to-morrow and keep them on until the
| Senate disposed of the bill.

30.—Erich |

tisements in the newspapers calling upon |
her bragher to reveal his whereabouts and |

come to Cambridge and face his accusers,
Sho declares herself positive of his inno-
cence, put offers no explanation of his hid-
ing.

Mrs. John F. Fales, a Christian Science
healer who attended Mrs. Muenter, is
quoted as saying that the patient remarked

to her: “{t seems to me as though my hua-.

band was interfering with my plans for
recovery.”

“Iw
the day before Mra, Muenter died and talked
with her and saw her husband,” said Mrs.
Fales, “While was there the patient
took some beef tea from Mrs, Chase. It
was prepared from a jar
A{ter Mrs. Muenter had drank some of the
tea atiel odmplained of the taste Mrs, Chase
aaid, ‘I'm sorry. because I carefully skimmed
off everything that looked like grease before
bringing it in and think it is all right.’

“Mra. aluenter would not drink any more
of the tea, and this ended the incident,

Finally Mr. Bailey came forward with the
sroposition which was finally accepted by
Mr. Tillman. The Vice-President sub-
mitted it to the Senate and declared it
adopted with such suddenness that for a
time Senators didn't seein to realize what
had happened,

FIREMEN'S FUND WILL GO ON,

Losses @4,000 000, but Directors Will Make
Gool Estimates of the Salvage

A telegram received in this city yester-

day from President William J, Dutton of

the Fireman's Fund Insurance Company,

which was one of the hardest hit of the

 

' California companies by the San Franciseo

at the house for about two hours |

conflagration, said that while the losses
of the company aggregate about $4,000,000,
the directors have decided to make good

| and have the company continue in business.

kept in the house, |

did not notice enything at all out of the way |
this city said yesterday that his company
‘encimated now that the salvage on the

about Mr. Muenter,”

THIS STATE'S CONTRIBUTION,

—Caltfornia Library Asks for Coptes of Bill
ant AN Documents Relating to ff,
Aunany, April 30. -The appreciation of
this State's quick and generous centribu-
tion in aid of San Francisco is indieated by
a letter received by the State Librarian
from Ug Stale Lihracy of California, which

Treads ¢
Wills

 

 

 

fou Save the kindness of procuring
for Us copies of the bill appropriating money
for the relief of San Francivco, as well as
the isades of the journals containing Its
introduction and adoption, and, if possible,
any remarks that may have been made;
in fact, anything in your Legislature bears
ing upotl the San Franciseo fire? T suppose
it would be impossible to have the Legis-
lature donate to us the original bill intro-
duced, but if such a thing could be done
we would appreciate it highly,

“You may feel assured that the people of
California are deeply touched by the prompt
assistance we have received in the present
calamity from New York and eleewhere,
The State Library desires to make a me-
morial collection of matters bearing upon
the fire, and anything of this sort that you
can send us will be thankfully received.
I hope that we shall never have occasion
to reciprocate in just this way.”

The total loss mentioned includes the
losses which the company eustained through
its subsidiary concerns, of which there
were several, The original estimate of
the Fireman's Fund loss was $5,000,000,
Ite capital is $1,000,000 and its surplus $8,718, -
000, The Home Fire and Marine Company
of California, a subsidiary institution, has
a capita) of $800,000 and a surplus of $508,000,

f. A, Correa of the Home company of

destroyed distriot would amount to about

, 40 per cent,
FE

enry Evans, president of the Conti-
nental, thinks the salvage from the earth-
quake won't amount to more than 15 per
cent. Reports recelved by the Continental
nay that $00 blocks or squares were de-
atroyed in San Francisco and that tho line
carried by the company averaged Jess
than $5,000 a block, The largest line
carried on any single block was $30,000,
The Western Union, an organization
of fire underwriters in the Middle West,
has appointed a committee to consider
the question of raising the rates, This
committee will come on to New York and
confer with the committee of five appointed
by the New York Fire Insurance Exchange

DOUGLAS HYDE GIVES 835,000
To San Francisco ut of the Fund He Is
Ralsing for the Gaelle League.

The anhouncement was made yesterday
that Dr. Douglas Hyde, the president of
the Gaelic League in L[reland, who has

| been lecturing in this country for the last

In aceord with this request, copies of all |

documents and proceedings will be sent,

PREPARING FOR REBUILDING,
Mireets Riou With Workmen Clearing Away
. the Debris.

San Francisco, April 30.—The actual
beginning of the disentanglement of San

four months, has telegraphed, through the
National Bank of Commerce, $5,000 ta the
Rev. Father Peter C. Yorkejof San Fran-
cisco, to be used for the sufferers, Dr.
Hyde was recently received most cordially
in California, The money was contributed
out of the fund which ho has been raising
in this country for the needs of the Gaelic
League in Ireland,

Dr. Hyde has also consented to ackdress
a big meeting at the Grand Central Palace
next Saturday evening and to review there

' the Firat Regiment of Irish Volunteers.

Francisco from its disordered condition is |

on and the work of reconstruction will
proceed, rapidly from this time. On
many sides are visible indications of the
determination of merchants to resume
business. Gangs of men with teams are
excavating for foundations in numerots
vacant lots, and in other places the removal
of debrig is well under way.

The sireets are early thronged with
laborers on their way to the burned district,
where they are cleaning up, The boats
from citiea across bay and local electric
ears from suburbs are packed with work-
in?men

In ma

The
voter

pronsece of this meeting will be de-
to the San Francisvo fund.

 
    

,

MORE TROOPS FOR GEM. GREELY
se NDS wage er pou ronTy-
FIVE MORE CHD OFFICEnS.

 

fle Saye They Wit “Save Moth Woner and
Reputation in Tite tirene Crtete”’ The
O00 tefantry arnt Piret OC nvairy Sone

© Hie Cerfeet Grier Prevette
Waanmaren, April) dw Phe War Pe.
partir net ot the San Franecteen fe
aster in alewiy being bretaht tite ape

i ie felled that
the matter of the anny affording relief for
the eufferere aml protecting property in
flee at rloen ette etl! pemctve iter lE ite: annie
thing like reutine work For (he laat weet
the attention af the Department hae heen
for the most part confined to deeavering

aml within « few cage

whether Gen. (iresty really reward the
1500 additional trope he asked for on
April 7) anel whether the [Department
ahensll eompty with tlhe recy

When Inet Thureday the Department
decidet thet Gen Creely really meant

what he said and accordingly jaeued orders
directing the additional trope to proceed
it wee thought the question #ae finally
disposed of There wae eome delay bee
tween April 29, the dayiof the orginal re
quest, and last Friday, when the ordera
were jeaued, by a fluctuation on the part of
Gov. Pardee, who aleo did not em to know
whether the troope were needed of Waisted
Finally he decided they werv, and he with-
drew a request that ordera for them to
proceed be auspended, Then Cen Cireely
vent @ despateh saying that he didn't need
2,600 troops additional but that one regi-
iment of cavalry and one of infantry ad-
ditional would be sufficient to meet all needa
if forty-five good officers were sent to help
out in the administration of affairs

lhe Department got busy on the question

Twenty-eighth regiments of infantry, sta-

‘ tioned at Fort Snelling and Fort Sheridan,

‘and military

, captains and first lleutenanta,

' have,

respectively, and two squadrons of the
Eleventh Cavalry, at Fort Des

   
  

|

t

 

Moines, |

all of which organizations had been ordered |

to proceed to the West were told not to
move. This was yesterday The instruc-
tiona of yesterday merely suspended the
orders, but to-day they were revoked
entirely and the troops meritioned will
stay at home. The Eleventh Infantry
and the First Cavalry, ordered to San
Francisco at the same time the others were,
will proceed without change of orders.
With this question of additional troops
out of the way things will probably move
along smoothly and the telegraph bills
of the War Department will decrease.
Officials of the War Department are pleased
with the work the army has done in San

once more and the Twenty-seventh and | venting possible future disorders

 

MA

LJ JE OFA ay ,

— — = '
ee

| Fashion's decree of approval hae |
been stamped on
}

All the new blects end hades, in

volt and derby Paultlers in otyle
and fnieh,
| lerneciee (a atl peinet@at eftiee te the word °

 

are weet etptetiy anhurdinate fe mnmtetipal
control ae far as concern the paliving of the
cue of Bean Frane veo, (hie recognising the
statement that ty orpe cannot be need for pr
lee purpose eltheont anthorite anleam the
Clowerner of the Miate mene sick seqeet
Perfeet order how prewaile, but what contin
aencion will arian if relief methoda and die
tribution of rations under auitalle enper-
vision j@ abandoned cannot be predicted = in
conference (hte afternoon every affcer, from
Gen Funeten down, expressed an oepinton
that the number of troope aaked for could not
he eafole reduced
situation in previous telegram

The Governor ja a message tothe Preri- |

dent toeday said

Irn order to prevent possible disturbances
1 reapeetfully request that Fevteral forces be
continued to nestet Stete, ae hae heen done
since the deatruction of the city of San Fran-
cleeo and other localities by earthauake and
fire The Legislature ia not in session and
cannot be convened forthwith

In a necond telegram to the President the
Governor says

While there ia and hase been no disorder
in San Franeiaeo, | agree with (en, Greely
that Federal troopa will be needed here for
nome time to supervise distribution of relief
supplies and as a hepl to State forces to pre-
Federal
forces have been of inestimable value, and

@ieir presenc: is greatly appreciate! and
desired
My sense of public duty will constrain

me to continue operations along lines al-
ready initiated unless positively directed to
the contrary, trusting to future events to
justify the wisdom and propriety of my
action. You may be assured, however, that
any specified directions given by you will
be layally followed.
Gnree.y, Major-General commanding
Another despatch from Gen. Greely says:

Prospective demands from sufferers can
he met only by rigid economy, strict euper-
vision and careful enforcement, Order cover-
ing this fixing permanent relief ration and
forbidding issue of luxuries except to sick

| and feeble on doctor's prescription issned

to-day taking effect Tuesday, Military su-
pervision of stations largely nominal, await-

| ing officers for their proper control whenever

| svetem has full military administration

Francisco, and although Gen, Greely hinted |

in a despatch to-day that it was up to the
army to save its reputation in this great
crisis officials think that henceforth there
will only be harmony and good work. Gen.
Greely's reference to the army's reputation
and the great crisis was at the tail end of
one of his despatches, when he said: “In
my opinion earliest possible arrival of
forty-five officers will save both money and
reputation at this great crisis.¢

Gen. Greely's despatches on this subject
are as follows

Since midnight Whole question has been
most carefully and exhaustively considered,
and from standpoints of economy, efficiency
precision. In order to reduce
expenses, request that troops sent here be
reduced to one regiinent cavalry and one of
infantry, aggregating 1,000 men, Services of
1,500 other troops can be dispensed with
provided that forty-five selected officers and
men of administrative ability, sound judg-
ruent and physical energy are sent here as
framework of relief organization, They
should consiat of five fleld officers and forty
Men without
force, experience or tact would be worse
than Useless. Present situation and reasons
for this modification follow fully in another
telegram

Gner.y, Major-General Commanding

A later despatch from Gen. Greely thro wa
more light on the situation:

Previous telegrains from myself and Dr,
Vevine, special representative Red Cross,
indicate clearly necessities for my command
exerciaing non-military duties connected with
the distribution of relief supplies, whether
purchased by army or presented by the
Anierican people. ‘Chere existe to-day In
San Franelsco no. efficient force for such
work other than the regular troops, The
National Guard, with its excellent: military
organization, good will ayd unquestioned
energy, contains many members harassed
by domeatic afilotions, business losses and
deprivation of means of livelitood and ls
not in auffictent foree

The mimictpal police and fire department
ure not only engrossed in their own special
duties, largely inereased in amount and re-
sponsibility by existing conditions, butmany
are Without elothing and shelter and neces.
sarily devote part of thelr energies to cartoy
for Wives and children. The devoted volun-
teers from civil life whose heroic efforts,
business abilities and independent energy
with their organization and labors,

' tided the destitute Mundreds of thousands

over starvation and disease must henceforth
vive their entire efforts to rebuilding the city
and reorganizing business and jndustries,
The existing methods, devold of super-
vision, which has been Impossible tn the
past, {nvolve enormous expenses, which cause
marked apprehension as to financial phases
on the part of Dr. Devine, Mayor Schmit«
and the citizens’ committee From
tlrst my fears have been for the future con-
dition, realizing fully the necessity of re-
strictions, supervision and elimination, The
checking of wasteful methods, of constant
apollation, of syatematic deceptions and ex-
travagant methods can and will be possible
only through military administration strictly
subordinate at all times to civil authority

’ and the Red Cross representative, upon whom

THE SUN also received last evening a.

check for $25 from “F. A. C.

President Senuip of the Chamber of
Commerce — wit Chairman Phelan of
the San Francisce relief committee yeater-

day that $100,000 would be forwarded him ,

at onoe in case the money was needed, The
chamber to date has sent on but $250,000

| of ita over $750,000 fund. The fund was in-

| Gen. Horace Porter
the day's receipts.

‘places advertisements are posted |

on wall&’ seeking laborers, and there in- |

quiries for men are met. with numerous

responses from heads of families who are ;

willing to take any kind of labor,

he authorities to-day issued numerous
permits for the opening of safes. By this
means a little more money will be put into
circulation

Pert of San Francisoo Ready for Business.
Wasurtnaton, April 30. The State De-

partment has the following despatch from |

Oakland, Cal,
Importers of coffee at thia tort iy a loint
meeting respectfully request that vou notify
the sreaentatives of the United

 

vy calle |

Blates Gaveraniente inf anteal Amerea and
Mexico that San Pranciseo is rapidly recover
ine fred the recent catastroph that ous

waterfroutl nadaiple warehouse focilities are
preserved aud that the port is ready for busi.
hoes. G. oe Cnipste, Cheirmaa,

|

received

creased by $11,000
contributec

yee rday.
$5,000 of

demands have been made by me to assume
charge at the earliest possible moment,
demands which they have promised in writing
to acoede to at the earliest possible date
These reasons have controlled my action,
which the Red Cross, civil authorities and
citizens’ committee insisted on as indispen-
sable to public welfare. In my opinion,
earliest possible arrival of forty-five officers
will save both money and reputation at thie
crisis, GREELY,
Major-General Commanding.

Gen, Greely again to-day explained the
status of the Federal troops which are
being used in San Francisco, This was in
a deapatch to Secretary of War Taft, now
at Atlantio City, who forwarded it to Presi-
dent Roosevelt, It was made public at the
War Department as follows:

Your telegram just received. Twenty-five
hundred troops present are engaged in pro-
tecting Federal buildings and guarding most
important places in burned district. They

 

You've doubted the availability of ready-to-wear clothes.
It has always been our aim to remove such doubts.

Ks ye yi, apie aed
A rf

 

Vere Oo ods eae

the |

ico to very limited extent

 

ee ee
a

Ra-
tions. will be refused male adults with view
to enforcing return to work, to which men
show disinclination

While influx of people and gradual resump-
tion of ordinary vo vations are accompanied
by slight infraction, yet order is wonderfully
maintained: drunkenness entirely absent,
owing to restrictions of liquor selling. Flec-
trical railways here gradually renewing serve
Excellent health
continues unchanged, with absence of any
prospective epidemic of contagious disease,
Water conditions improving, commercial
supplies are arriving rapidly. Cooperation
of navy, National Guard and civil authorities
continues most harmonious, GRRELY,

Major-General commanding

 

CONGRESS'S GIFT EXPLAINED,

 

Despatch to Gen, Greely Shows Status of
82,500,000 Appropriation,

Wasninaton, April 80.—The following
despatch has been sent to Gen. Greely
explaining the statue of the appropriation
of $2,500,000 made by Congress for ex-
penditure by the War Department.

“With reference to your message of this
date, Congress has appropriated $2,500,000
for relief of sufforers from earthquake and
conflagration on Pacific Coast in three sepa-
rate resolutions which, briefly, authorize and

direct Secretary of War to procure, in open |

market or otherwise, subsistence, quarter-
muaters' and medical supplies, in addition
to such supplies belonging to military
establistiment as may be available, and
to issue same to such destitute persons
as have been rendered homeless or in needy
clroumstanoes asa the result of the earth-
quake and attending conflagration,

“In exeouting theae resolutions Secretary
of War ia directed to cooperate with author-
ities of State of California and Mayors of
cities of San Francisco, Berkeley and Oak-
land, Alameda and such ot her cities on
Pacific Coast as may have austained dam-
ages, Resolutions authorize Treasury, Navy
and Commerce and Labor departments to
cooperate with Secretary of War in ex-
tending relief and assistance,

“Resolutions further authorize use of
appropriation for purpose of replacing by
purchase of such subsistence,
masters’ and medical supplies as may have
heen furnished by Secretary of War from
atorea on hand for use of arm
such relief, also for purpose o defraying
all extra cost to War Department incurred
in mileage, transportation of troops and
all other expenditures which would not
have been necessary but for relief measures
authorized.

“Ln pursuance of these resolutions tentage
and blankets have been furnished by the
quartermaster’s department from all over
the country and 900,000 rations have been
purchased in Seattle, Portland and Los
Angeles under orders of the Commissary-
General. Medioal supplies have been
shipped from St. Louis,

“All supplies were sent by express and
a number of officers and enlisted men were
ordered with them. One company hospital
corps and one company signal corps have
been sent in addition to the 2,500 troops
recently ordered at your request.

“All aupplies sent to San Francisco by
orders from here based on telegraphic re-
quests from Gen, Funston or to yout
arrival in San Francisoo, None has ny
purchased or sent since, and it is not pro-
posed to purchase or send any more except
on request from you, It is estimated that
expenses co with transactiona men-
tioned above will aggregate approximately

2,000,000.

“All transportation is included in this
expenses. The expenses Gen, Funston was
authorized to incur and such as you inour
in connection with relief work must also
be paid from this appropriation. You are
authorized to use your discretion in in-
curring necessary obligations, and money
will be allotted to be disbursed under your
supervision,

“Please ascertain, if practicable, what out-
standing obligations ohargeanle to this
appropriation were inou by

aston, and telegraph rough estimate of same,
alao eatimates of what amounts of money
will probably be needed by you in imme-
diate future, if practicable. Copies of reso-
lutions by maul.

“By order of the Acting Secretary of War,

“Beuy, Brig.-Gen., Chief of Staff."

 

JAMES WOODS HEARD FROM,

 

Manager of the New Hotel St. France tn
San Franciaco Is All Right.

James Woods, manager of the new Hotel
St. Francis in San Francisco and farmerly
assistant manager at the Waldorf-Astoria,
has finally been heard from. Friends in
New York had been trying to get word to
him and from him ever since the earth-
uake, Yesterday the following despatch,
ted Sunday, Was received from him
Your wire ten days in reaching, and now
vou knew. Sorry, &t, Francia did nobly con-
sidering. Necessary repaira to be made at
once and house to be reopened earliest pos-
sible date, A city greater and more beautl-
ful will result, James Woops,

Have expiainel fully the |

quarter: |

in giving |

|
serving people recommended by the gen-
|

Gen. Fun- |
[ of the Red Cross finance com-

ty

  
  

4
SS *

| weW BLOW 10 SAN FRANCISCO
SPIRITS PROOF UNDER FAI RE
TW aT VATIONS GIFT.

 

 

 

Faed ane Money Si Marty Neered
O4itte Clepe far a Oley Men otitn

| Maw Prasectaesy, April). The relief com.
| prittee ia efit! perplesedt and prvanion tre the
annenneement (hat onfy G0 000 nf the re
| Hef fond voted be Congreme wilt he avail
able for eanpenditure in the cite, the reat
| having heen given for eupistion in the Paat
| Nothing which hae happened einer the
| eat heqrvaiee Neve cleme enievre fer falee (Mer Nemet
jowt of the citimene than thie ff wae the
| kevnote of the meeting veaterdar Chair
| man Phelan amie
| “Tf ae hee heen evaaeated the money
not accounted for in the $in0,00n available
wan weed in the purchase of the euppliew
pen whieh we have heen autwiating for
the paat few dava, the aituation i af ill not
| clear
| “With the reat of the citizens, | had been
| cer the lnnperemsion Cheat the eveppyliee
| consisted of the voluntary cont ritvutions of
| the cities to the east, north and south of
| We know thet « great many contri
butions were made, and it is of importance
to know what has become of them
“Already we learn that for financial
reasons it will be impossible to realize
the pians of Burnham for a city beautiful,
and there is danger that in our desire to do
things at once, and because we do not
appreciate what we can do, thie great op-
portunity presented to us in the guise of a
calamity will be missed.”
No anawer to the telegram of inquiry
sent to Secretary Taft hae heen received.
Nevertheless, Mr. Phelan in making his

He re-
In

ment appropriation of $2,500,060,

ported a total of $6,152,400 on hand

detailing the accounts he said
“Before my last report the funds voted,

in hand or promised, amounted to $5,000,000
| Since my last report there has come into
| my hands $90,362. I have promises of con-

tributions amounting to $530,000,

Pe Gen. Funaton sent me $25,000,
the remainder of the Guggenheim fund sent
to him. He found himself embarrassed
with the multiplicity of his duties, and with
the consent of the donors he turned the
rest. over to me as chairman of the finance
committee,”

Mayor Schmitz called attention to the
fact that the stream of relief supplies seems
to be failin

a few over a hundred cars containing relief
supplies are on the way. This is a serious
state of affairs. San Francisco can still

clothes and money.”

Money should be sent to James D. Phelan
chairman of the finance committee, and
| supplies to Major C. 1. Devol,Q. M., U. 8. As,
Presidio Wharf, San Francisco.

When Chainman Mullally of the Trans-
portation Committee rose to report Mayor
Schmitz pointed to a leather sack by his
side, announcing that it contained $18,000,
‘the contribution of the United Railways
Company to the finance committee, It
was the sum of all fares taken in on all
lines running vesterday. The lines along
Eddy and Ellis streets will be running in
a few days, followed by an extension of the
present Market street trolley line down
Valencia street.

W. H. Metson pointed out that the in-
rush of curious people who wanted to seo
the ruined city was crowding the cars to
the exclusion of people who had business,

Abe Ruef moved that the lines be asked
to collect fares from every one riding.
Heretofore women and children havekbeen
allowed to ride free. This is one of the times

higher rates.

While they were on the street car abject
President Calhoun of the United Railways
| Company said that his lines would keep
pace with the growth of the city and that
the material he had ordered from the East
| was already on the way.
| Upen the motion of Judge Hunt a new
| committee was appointed to look after the

needa of the private hospitals, which are in
| yore need of medical supplies.

, There were two small quakes, leating a

| few seconds, in the early hours of this morn-

ing. They did no damage and are only @
part of the gradually subsiding disturbance
which fellows a big earthquake,

The Southern Pacific Hailway has ob-
tained its temporary franchises to run tracks
into the city for the disposal of débris,
Surveyors are already laying out the routes,
and gangs of men will go at the preliminary
work in the morning,

The water supply is still low and there
in mild danger of another famine. In the
last two or three days the use of water for
all purposes has been permitted. Now the
authorities think of shutting down on
everything but domestic use, and the city
must go dirty again or bathe and wash
clothes in the ocean,

The dent in the bay west of Fort Mason
bas been known from the earliest times
as Washerwomen's Cove. It has come

| back now to its original uses. Yesterday

j and to-day a long line of women lenelt at
the waterside washing clothes in aea water

| and beating the dirt out of them on boarda

| as the Indiars used to do,

As fast as the relief trains arrive they

-are run out on the Long Wharf at Oakland,

and unloaded into the transport Sherman,

which ia a kind of warehouse for provir-
lions. Last Saturday twenty cars of flour
| were stored in her hold, By the end of the
fest her hold will be full. Some trans-

!

|

pecite vessela are expected this week,
Jockage facilities at Oakland for deep
draught vessels are limited, but arrange-
ments have been made to get these vessels
into dook long enough to unload and for-
ward cargoes consigned to the East.

The railroads have not counted up the
number of Papeeneere shipped to points
in the East, but the estimate runs from
80,000 to 90,000. The Southern Pacific
iasued $0,000 free passes, and the Santa Fe
10,000, It is estimated that these repre-
rent an average of $10 each, so that the
railroads have fiver about $400,000. Free
transportation has stopped now, but de-

has

eral committee get a one cent rate. In no
case is thia rate given to able bodied men.
San Francisco needs all such.

 

 

RED CROSS SENDS 8&300,000,

Has Over $1,000,000 tn Its Treasury Subs
eot to Call.

Wasuinaton, April 30,—The Red Cross
headquarters fto-day made the following

statement:

“Judge Morrow, president of the Cali-
fornia Red Croas, has telegraphed to the
secretary of the Red Cross, Washington,
that provisions and supplies received and
en route to San Francisco would meet pres-
ent needs, and that Red Cross cont ributions
should now consist of money. Action upon
this suggestion the secretary immediately
telegraphed to the United States Mint, San
Francisco, to the credit of James D. Phelan,

mittee, $300,000.

“The finance committee was also informed
that the Red Cross had in its treasury over
$1,000,000 subject to the wishes of the com-
mittee. The ,000 nent to-day makes in all
$400,000 forwarded by the Red Cross for the
relief of the‘ people of San Francisco. It
may be well to state here that all relief com-
mittees in San Francisco are now operating
under the American National Red Cross,
and the finance committee of which James
D. Phelan ia chairman is now the Red Cross
finance committee.”

Gas Companies in San Franciseo All Right,

John Martin, associated with John A.
Britton, presiklent of the San Francisco

Gas and Eleotrio Company, has sent this |

telegram to B.C. Brown of the Progreanre
Age, thia city:

All gas manufacturing plants in first class

shane ready for business Practically no
damage outside of San Franciaeo, San Joad
and Santa Roan We have ample tacilities
and men to cope with the problerim presented,

Nothing serious,

Retiel Cammittces Pursied hy Mepestition
oo @2400 808 When tr Congress

report on finances counted in the Govern- |

; |
=) learn, he xaid, “that at present only

use anything in the way, of provisions, |

when a city has asked a street car line for |

i
|

|

venient terme of

orchestra.

outward appearance an

="

with this vivid orchestral coloring.

they shall be pliy

The
the written Instromentation
the tonal qualities of tle
foe thatof the “Freneh horns

 

nvomder(ul possibeltizes for pleasure

 

 

|
| 7:

| WALL STREET FIGURES ON LOAN. |
| Rumors of a Syndicate to ‘Take #200, |

060,000 of San Francisco Bonis.

There was current in Wall street yester-
day a report that a syndicate of New York
bankers was preparing to underwrite the
$200,000,600 bond issue proposed for San
Francisco, provided the national CGiovern-
mont guaranteed the interest on such
bonds.

Representatives of the bankers, It was
said, were in conference with Secretary
Shaw in Washington and lawyers were
discussing whether or not a Government
guarantee of city bonds by act of Congress
would be sonatitutional,

banking houses said that such a plan might
| be feasible, but that they doubted if New
York bankers had begun. to take it under
serious consideration.

Secretary Shaw could not be found in
Washington laxt night, but his private sec-
retary said positively that neither New
York bankers nor any one else bad talked
with Mr. Shaw about underwriting the San
Francisco loan.

 

For the San Francisco Sufferers.

Wastrmaton, April 80,—Baroness yon
Hengelmueller, wife of the Auatro-Hun-
| garian Ambassador, gave her services to
the cause of the San Francisco sufferers
by an exhibition of artistio and fantastio
cooking at Raucher's this afternoon, So-

psy and buy tho viands.
Jurand, daughter of the British Ambassa-
dor, and Misa Everild Durand, her cousin,
poured tea and served sandwiches, Other
assistants were Mra, Nicholas Longworth,
Mre, Keep, the Misses Boardman, the Minsexs
Oliver and Miss Zaidee Gaff.

Additional List of the Dead.

Wasninaton, April 80,- Gen, Greely has
sent the following additional list of deud

Jack Bowers, Harry Brady, Annie Gerald,
J. L, Griawolf, Emily EB, Howard, John
Hynes, Edward Lamemadin, Lander
(woman), Henry Meyer, N. Rosenfeld,
James A, Simi, Dr. J. C. Stinson, Mrs,
Blaney, Keekim, Frank Hogan, William
Johnson MacDonald, Patrick Mekiroy
Hearst Proposes Another &2,300,000 for

San Francleco,

Wasuinaton, April 380. -Representative
Hearst of New York to-day offered a joint
resolution to appropriate $2,500,000 ad-
ditional for the relief of the California
earthquake and fire sufferers.

 

 

HE Potestill method
of distilling John
Jameson Three Star
Whiskey is like that
of aying—takes a long

time to do it. Modern
methods have signally
failed to counterfeit
either.

CLEANSING

By Compressed Air, Ete.,
at our works or at your house br

 

VACUUM CARS.

weraehenes Send tor Cirouiar.
ones

| 633 and 634 ty 326 TH AV.
| CHELSBA. Near 28th St.

T. WM. STEWART

 

 

KAHAUSTED OR DEBILIAATHYD

From Any Cause iiestured vy
WINCHESTER'S HYPHOSPHITES

Of Lime and Soda,
A Pharmaceutical Preparation and the

SPECIFIC PILL.
GUVE VITAL STRENGTH & ENERGY.
OD. On Tt per Geox or Bottle.

NO C.0.D. OR TREATMENT SCHEME.
Send for free sealed pamphiet containing
full partioulars and teslimonlaly from /’hys

clans and Joy

men
Winchester & Co, Chemiats, Mat iss
M2 Heel man Aide NV Chee

     
 

   

 

Kings and princes maintain court orchestras as an
important part of their houschelds
of Hasdn, Afenart, Beethoven, they exercised a
etal influence upon the development of muse

The Possession of an

RCHESTRELLE

I» similar to one of these court orchestras.
HE moderate range of prices and the con-

ranged for an Orchestrelle make it possible
for practically everyone to have his private

The Orchestrelle resembles somewhat in

of the single-tone quality of the piano, however,
the Orchestrelle possesses all the rich variety of
voices of the full orchestra—the contrasting ef-
fects of strings, flutes, reeds and brass.

Anyone, whether musical or not, can play
the Orchestrelle effectively.

INSTRUMENTATION.

Instrumentation or orchestration, that masterly «
tain passages of parts of a composition, to certain
combinations of instruments, is the very soul of music,
to laying on the colors in # picture.
to 4 piano performance is like a heautiful painting contrasted with an
tograving, —the one glowing with color and life, the other colorless.

The Orchestretle renders al/ must from a walte to a Symphony

Composer's score is indicated on the music rolls.
Like the leader of an orchestra, the notes are sounded for the
Orehestrelle player but he decides haw land ar aott, how fast or slow,

orcheston ean produee rausic only in accordance with
The Orehestrelle player can eall upon
strings for this passage, of the ‘oboe
for another
derorhe ean bave all plag together

Only by hearing the Orchestrelle can any adequate conception of its

dially envited to Acoltan Hall at any ume to hear it.
tome very interesting Orchesirelle liierature upon request.

The AEOLIAN CO., Aeolian Hall,

362 Fitth Ave., near 24th Si., New ‘ors

Representatives of several of the large |

ciety people dropped in to examine the dis- |
Miss Josephine |

 

NERVE FORCEL

  
 
 
   
    
    
   
    
    
       
      
               
     
     
    
 
   
   
   
      
         
                 
      
      
          
             
           
       
       
      
           
                    
         
            
       
      
    
    
       
        
     

ln the days

yment that can be ar-

upright piano. Instead

nment of cer
hstruments of
It co

An orchestral rendering compared

‘The orchestration copied from the

he can reverse the or-

he formed. You are, therefore, cor-

Or, we will send

 

| Colortype
Illustrations

attract because color attracts.
You cannot get away from this
fact.

If you are using only black
and white to illustrate objects
‘that possess color, you are missing
one of the strongest selling fea-
tures your goods possess.

Let us hee you what Color-
type illustrations will do for your
catalogue and advertising’ litera-
_ ture.
| We are the largest color print-

ers in the world.
AMERICAN COLORTYPE COMPANY

COLOR PRUNTERS
Corner Hubert and West Streets
Works: i

Colonial
Chest of Dra®ers.

One item from a stock
that is rich in Colonial
reproductions,

o the buyer the im-
portant fact is that we
are the makers— restrict ;
ing our product to styles that will endure
and putting into each piece the selected
wood and the skilled workmanship that
insure permanent value as well as per-
manent satisfaction,

Schmitt Brothers,

40 East 23d

New York, Chicago and Newark,

 

Furniture Makers
Metobiished 1858,

 

Water Filters and

Coolers.
THE BEST KINDS.

FOR SALE BY

[Ewis & @onceR,

130 & 132 West 42d Street, and
186 West 42at St., New York.

        
     

 

 

MAKKILD.

LEDYARD EMERY.—On Monday, Apri! 30, 1004,
at tho First Parish Church, Cambridge, Mass.
by the Rev, Mdward H. Hall, Ruth Langdon
emery, daughter of Mr. and Mrs Manning
Emery of Cambridge, to Lewts Cass Ledyard.
dr, of New York.

STONE —SCOFIELD.—On Monday, April 80, 10909,

at St. James's Church, by the Venerable Louls

| N, Booth and the Right Rey. Frederick \. Court

ney, Florence, daughter of the late Ibeneczer
Seofeld, to Herman Foster Stone

 

DIED.

' —_——-—
RBAUMGARTEN.—Suddenly, on Thursday, Aprtl 24
1906, In Washington. 1D. C., Willfam  Baum-
garten, In the Gist peor of his age
Funeral services will be held from bis late resi
dence, 204 Riverside drive, on Tuesday, -
1900, at 10 o'clock
MBEEKER,--At Elizabeth No J. on Monday. April
WO, 1908, at the residence of her son, Harry C,
Meeker, Abby Capron, ite of Heory Meeker
and daughter of the late Chauncey Shepard
Funeral services at the residence of her son
614 Newark avenue, Eilzabeth, on Wednesday
+o clock. Providence papers please

are.

Mtn at
' copy

ROM AS
' April

Entered into rest Sunday evening,
Sadie Wickham, wife of the Rey
hysktine M. Hodman and daughter of the late
Whilam FP. Sharpe of Goshen, N. 4
Punerat services will be held in Graee Church
Plainfield, N. do, on Tuesday, May !, a! ta'clocs,
iM
May the souls of the righ cous rest in peace .
SHULTON At Yonkers, NY. on Sunday, April
“9 1906, Margerry Kay Sheiton, beloved daagh
ter of Don © and Mauida hay Shelton aged

”

"years O months 7 days
Funerel servieeson Tienday at 1PM. at parents
residence 4h Livingston as Yonkers In
| terment Greenwood Cemetery, Brookl) 0. Tues
day ara Po Mw §