>

       
      

              
   
 

VOL, LEXIIL—N0. 243,
READY T0 CRUSH PARIS RIOTS.

wee rine non

or wih we

«Mirena ‘Way Masignne Wemeansteattone
ta Mare Gppertine The teredte ot
Gueperted Platters Cantinne Conmt
Beauregard fe tmang Thee Satted.

L— 30, 243,

   

enovravwrs:
av ve

jee tae vre

portal

fama, April we Peery
night ia that ty
revalutionary of
eilenee. Sine
fiovernment «a
ten
changed from erin nal tolerance
meaniree that
Pivesian in thei arbitrary eeverity

One of the leaders of the atrike, epeak-
Tne SUN

TL
morrow will pam without
other kind of moh
“1s 8 indictment of
ita poliey

any
tue
the week ago

haa completely reverand tt has
of anarehy

to Pe yreenive are almoat

ing @ith obviona sincerity to
correspondent to-day, said

We are amazed at such treatment by
Mo Clemencean (Minister of Interior.
lie has alwave profemsed himaelf to he one
f us, We fully befewed that he would
pee uk every opportunity to enforce all
+f our demande, and we made every prep-
pranian to do eo Now he han resorted
fy) measures: more draconic than those of
vf his predecessors.”
whole atory

c ny

That tella the of the
plete change in the situation during the
wt few days. It doea not mean, how-
eve y thar the erieis is ended. The ele-
ments of disorder and discontent have
leen thoroughly aroused from one end of
France to the other. The enemies of the
Government are exasperated. This ap-

come

plies not only to the strikers in the various |

trades, but to such widely separated mal-
contenta as the Royalists, Clericals and
anarchiste.

The aggreg-te opposition, although not
consolidated, is s strong that the Gove
ernment regards the danger, not of to-
morrow, but of the near future, as grave.
It has increased instead of allayed popular

apprehension by wholesale arbitrary ar- |

reats.

It is dificult to understand the summary
imprisonment of such men as Count Beau-
regard. He is an illegitimate son of Napo-
leon HI. by a beauti*ul English woman.
He is wealthy and owns several of the fin-
est buildings on the Boulevard Haussman.
His connection with Prince Victor Na-
poleon'’s ambition to secure the throne of
France is more than doubtful. The last
{ime Count Beauregard called on Prince
Victor in Brussels the latter refused to re-
ceive him, and iasued a statement repudi-
ating ali connection with him.

Nevertheless the Government persists
In ite declaration that a great plot against
the republio has been discovered and jus-
tifles many of the arrests of the past few
days on that ground.

The correspondent of Tne Stn has had |

an interesting conversation at the head-
quarters of the Confederation of Labor
with M, Robert, the leader of the Painters,
Union and aince the arrest of M, Griffuele
hes, General Secretary of the Confedera-
tion of Labor, this morning, the practical
head of the atrike. M. Robert said sar-
castically that Griffuelhes had been dragged
from hia bed on the charge of incitiug
to pillage and advocating the revolutionary
propaganda, It was an idiotio proceeding,
for there is not a particle of evidence avail-
able against him, He added:

“It is an action unsurpassed in tyranny
and disregard of the principlea of individ-
ual liberty. It is infamous that in tho
twentieth century respectable citizens can
he aroused at daylight by persons in mufti,
one of whom, producing an official soarf

from his pocket, and declaring he belonged |

to the police, seized papers and whatever
else he wanted. The same method was
recently used by an audacious burglar.
Any Government that feels compelled to
resort to such methods must be convinoed
that the republic is very sick indeed.”

M. Robert further said that the police
hed offered him 800 francs monthly to turn
spy. All this goes to show that the strikers
and other enemies of the Government
have been demoralised by the sudden
show of etrength by the forces of order.
This is further shown by the word passing
along the ranks of the strikers to-day
to let May Day pass without incident, but
to begin their revenge on Wednesday by
enforcing their demands on their em-
ployers and hompelling non-unioniats to
quit work,

It is quite true that as to-morrow's danger
diminishes that of the following day in-
creases, It will be the policy of the mal-
contente to tire out the police and to begin
serious disturbanoes if possible when the
troope are called elsewhere.

The Government, however, wil! not relax
any of ite precautions until after Sunday's
elections, Its future policy will be largely
influenced by the result of the polling.

Meantime, the only effect to-day of the
extraordinary scare in Paris has been the
demand for more than a double price for
provisions, while the exodus of the past
few days continued until to-night.

There is every prospect that the Govern-
ment will have an ally to-morrow equal
in efficiency to 50,000 troops. It is raining
heavily H.R. G

TROUBLE WITH TROOPS,

Lientenant Arrested for Mutinous Speech
~ Lens Battation Revolis,
Special Coble Despatches to Tak Sun
Panis, April 30, At a meeting at the
Labor Exchange to-night Lieut, Tisserand
dea Langes, attired in his uniform, as-
cended the tribune and declared that he

Was a trade unionist, and that the troops |

would refuse to fire on the people, When
he left the building be wan arrested.

Chief of Police Lepive summoned all the
commissioners of police to his office to-day
to 7 with them and give them final

‘

2 Wp beaptithh mena? am

 

  

her rinetionw ae fa meeting aay dlecrder fi
meerrewe Phe clfy la cpalet feomight

1 peter tier pele whieh) (he art herit ine per
footed tela y ewer det rier of Parte will te
minnie tee a milliary fore. tn
her heme requiring all cnmnitrnee to lew
of the atreeta The potion will ant allow
them te en bees they make uel) goed
rraterial for barrio ten

fo Winter, Winieter Clemeaenceqn'@ aeaere
tary, told THe St rorreapendent foecday
| that every preeaution had been fahen
| Againet trouble tomorrow. and (hae
| greniew confidences wan felt that (he day
would pee peacefully, eteept for fremont) sles
indivicnal aete, which no foresight ae ca-
pable of preventing MM Winter admitted
that the people had lowt their head in the
inet fow daye atfd were laying up proviatona
aeifforna siege He was asked whether (he
Government felt eure of the logaity of the
army and replied that it was absolutely
eure of

The searching of houses continued to-day
Several domictiary visita were made by the

 

the

police this morning. Secretary Cirifuethes |

of the Labor Confederation and Mesars.
Feuillant and Biber', who are Bonapartiate,
were arrested

There was a rumor to-day that Levy,
the head of the Labor Confederation, had
been arrested, but it turned out to be un-
true
wore seen visiting Levy's home.
quently it was ascertained tiat although
an order for Levy's arrest had heen isaued
he had disappeared and the police had been
unable to find him,

Griffuelhes is one of the labor leaders
who called on Minister Clemenceau the
other day to ask if they were to be arrested
before May 1, and to whom the Minister
made the monumental reply that they
| and he were on “opposite sides of the barri-
| cades."

A correspondent of THe Sun visited the
headquarters of the Confederation of Labor
; and found there a dozen leaders talking
over the arrest of Secretary Griffuelhes.
| Several others expected to be arrested,

The Figaro publishes to-day a signed
protest from M. Clemenceau againat the
statement made by that paper that upon

Clemenceau's recent visit to Lena to confer |
with the strike leaders and employers thers |

he avoided saluting the army officers on
duty.

A company of soldiers in their quartera
'in a bastion of the fortification in the

to-dav by singing the “Internationale”
,and “Hou, hou, in ealotte, mort aux
vaches!” meaning down with the priests
| and police.

| Nice, April 80,-Count Darand Beaure-
| gard, who is believed by the French authori-
|
|
{

ties to be associated with the plot to foment |

the strikes, was arrested here yesterday.
When his house was searched by the police
in Paria on Saturday they found docu-
ments which showed that he

strike in the departments of Pas-de-Calais
and Nord, The Count is an Imperialist
Lonpon, April 80.—The Channel steamers
coming to England are crowded with Eng-
lish, American and French refugees from
Paris. The embarkation of passengors
at the French ports is unprecedented.

‘The quantity of baggage is so large that |

‘it delays the departure of the steamers.
‘the stations in London are congested by
the arrivals.

Lens, April 30.—A bomb exploded to-
night outside a house ococupied by military
officers, Nobody was burt. The windows
, Were amushed, Other bombs exploded
| elaewhere in the district.

A battalion of troops who had been
ordered to go to Paria refused to board
| the train, saying they had enough of that
| sort of business in Lens.

| AMERICANS IN TRAIN WRECK,

| None Seriously Hurt In Crash on \)
Havre to Paris.
Speclal Cable Despatch to THR Sis

Panis, April 90.—The train known an
the Transatlantic Expresa, carrying trans-
atiantio passengers to Paris from Havre,
ran into a freight train late to-night at
Andresy, eighteen miles from here,

In an interview with the correspondent
of THe Sun, Frank Zotti cf the Zotti Steam
ship Company, who is en route to Murseilles
to attend the arrival of the steamer Brook-
!tyn, the company’s firat ship, said that the
restaurant car waa packed, The second
cook was killed and seven rajiway officials
were injured,

None of the Americans on the train waa
seriously hurt, Mra. Ogden Mills, her two
daughters, Mra. H. O. Richards, Mra. Gil-
lette of Chicago and Mr, MoGrath of Boston
were passengers. ‘They were not hurt.
Mr. Armour waa on the steamer with which
the train connected, but Mr. Zotti is not
certain ‘ether he was on the train.

Mr. Zotti said it was remarkable that
none of the natives offered any help, There
were no doctors nor axsistance of any kind,
The passenger had to walk a mile through
deep mud between forty foot embank-
ments to the relief train which arrived from
Paris two hours after the accident. Am-
bulances awaited the relief train at the St,

Nazaire station.
LOVING CUP FOR BOSTOCK,
Also ® Bronze Lion for the Animal Trainer
From His Paris Frienca.,

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,

Panis, April 80.—The friends of Frank
Bostock, the animal trainer, gave him a
great sendoff prior to his departure for
the United States at the Grand Vatel
restaurant to-night and presented to him
a silver loving cup anda bronze lion, typical

 

 

 

episode, when the lion Wallace mauled
Hostook.

Mias Alice Knowlton of Albagy, who is
studying here under an Americdn master,
entertained the guests with ballad singing,
Miss Knowlton has been engaged to sing
in London this fall,

EXCURSION STEAMER

Probably Ten Lives Lost With the Courter
in the Knglish Channel,
Special Cable Despateh to Trte SUN
TLonpon, April 90.—-The exoursion steamer
Courter sank to-day off the Island of Sark,
in the English Channel. The Courier atruck
| a submerged rock and sank in five min-
ulen,
| It is now stated that not more than ten
ersons were lost, Some reports place the
oss of life at only six.

 

 

SINAS,

ASTOR WEDDING DATE,
Now Announced That Ceremony Will Take
Place on May 10.
Special Cable Despatch ta Tne
Lonpon, May 1.- The Graphic says that
the marriage of Waldorf Astor and Mra
| Nannie Shaw will take place on May 19,

The wedding will be very quiet, only rel-
atives and intimate friends attending.

e*+NEW YORK,

order haa |

It arose from the fact that the police |
Suber - |

northern part of Paria amused thernselves |

had sent |
money to the leaders of the coal miners on |

cf many pleasant evenings and one painful |

che

TUESDAY,
END OF RATE DEBATE IN SIGHT

PVETh CONN TO CEN ONE O S
1OHRE WEE,

|
|
| oom Pettey 1 Wit Begin ¢ anatderation of
tmmendtments and Vete on Rach ae Geen
|
|

   

ne Roteate on tt fe Conetuntend  Rtvmete |

the terd.”' @enater Freee Conment,

Waantsoron, April An agreement to
| hewin thin week the consideration of amend:

l mente to the railway rete cogulation bill

ated te vote an each amendment aa soon aa
ite diaeussion hae been concteied wae
reeched in (he Senate thia afternoon. Thin

sereement marke the beginning of She ened
in the rate bill debate Predictions are
being made to-night that a rate law will
be enacted in ten daye of two weeks

The agreement was unanimous Tt came
suddenly, almost unexpectedly, although
Senators representing all shades of opinion
on the subject of railway rate making had
heen at work all day trying to arrange a
tire for taking a vote on the bill itself.
A definite propoaal to fis May 11 aa the date
for a final vote evoked much consideration,
but it was not aatiefactory to several Hena-
tor

At the close of a set speech on the rate
question, delivered by Senator Clarke of
Arkansas, Senator Tillman arose and asked
that a voting date be fixed. Thia led to a
rather lively debate, which resulted in the
arrangement to begin considering amend-
menta to the bill on Friday of this week
and brought from the veteran Senator
Frye of Maine the fervent exclamation,
“Thank the Lord,” which found an echo in
the mind of nearly every Senator pres-
ent. The text of the agreement reached
follows

“It is agreed by unanimous consent that
on Friday, May 4, 1906, immediately upon
the conclusion of the routine morning
business, the Senate will proceed to the con-
| sideration of the bill (H. R., 12087), the bill
to be read by sections for the purpose of
| amendment, the discussion upon amend-
ments offered to proceed under a fifteen
minute rule, the amendments to be dis-
| posed of when the discussion thereon is
concluded.”
| Kach of the two factions in the Senate
, is making the ussertion tnat it is thoroughly
satisfied with the agreement and is con-
tident of ita success when the final vote
comes. There is apparently, however, a
greater feeling of certainty among tne so-
| called conservatives that they possess @
sufficient number of votes to enact rate
| legislation of their own way of thinking.
The main difference between the two fac-
tions is over the court review provision,
the conservatives insisting that the Federal

authority to pass upon the rate fixing orders

while the radicals favor specifically limiting
the powers of the judiciary in this regard,
It ia claimed that thirty-nine Republican
Senators and twelve Democratic Senators
| are certain to vote for a broad review pro-
vision. This would give a majority of seven

| for liberal review.
From now on a more eamest renewal

of the efforts to bring about a compromise
among the divided Republicans may be
expected. There ls a hopeful feeling that
when the amendmonts are actually under
consideration and it is realized that the
final vote cannot be long delayed the
| leaders will get together and agree upon
‘a court review provision that will have
the indorsement of a large majority of the
Senate and insure the passage of the bill
by that body in short order,

Under the formal agreement reached
to-day general debate on the bill will end
on Thursday and the oonsideration of
amendmenta will be begun on the follow-
ing day. ‘The bill will be read by sectiona,
und the amendments appropriate to each
vection will be considered and voted on
| before the next section le taken up. No
| Senator will be permitted to talk for more
| than fifteen minutes on any one proposition,
| It was made plain in the Senate to-day
| that after all the sections of the bill have
i
'

been read and amendments thereto con-
_ kidered and voted on other amendments
may be offered te any svotion. There are
ubout ninety amendments to the measure
now before the Senate.

Moat of these are unimportant, but it is
believed that one-third of them will be
debated at some length. It is impossible
to estimate how long it will take to dispose
of the ainendmenta, but the opinion that
has the greater number of supporters is
that not more than ten days will be required.

It was apparent shortly after noon that
the leaders on both sides were busying them-
selves to secure an agreement on a date for
a vote. Mr, Clarke of Arkansas was con-
cluding his speech on the rate bill, Mr.
Tillman, who is nominally in charge of
the measure, moved among the Senators
with a look of set determination on his
face. Inconversation with Senator Aldrich
his gestures were emphatic. Word was
whispered about the chamber just about
the time Mr. Clarke was rounding out his
peroration that an informal agreement had
been reached, which Mr. Tillman would
formally and officially eeal as @oon as Mr,
Clarke had concluded.

At the critical moment the South Caro-
lina Senator arose and submitted a request
for unanimous consent that general debate
close with the session to-morrow and that
the amendments be taken up and disposed
of after debate under the ten minute rule
and that a final vote be taken on the bill and
amendments then pending on Friday,
May 9.

All the while Mr. Tillman was explaining
Mr. Aldrich of Rhode Island sat nodding
assent. When Mr, Tillman concluded
Measra. Aldrich, Lodge, Hale and Allison
wore on their feet. A few minutes of par-
Hamentary sparring occurred and every-
thing seemed to be progressing rapidly
toward an agreement when Mr. Morgan of
Alabama piped out an objection, This was
greetod with murmurs of disapproval, but
the venerable Senator was immovable,

Mr. Morgan explained that he was ready
to take up the bill to-morrow if necessary,
and consider it section by section with the
arnendments and dispose of amendments
in their order and when this had been
done to vote on the bill as amended, But
he declared that he would object to fixing
any time for a vote that might preclude the
fullest consideration of all amendments,
Messrs, Aldrich, Hale and Spooner left
their seats and pleaded with the Alabama
Senator, but to no purpose.

Mr. Culberson of Texas showed signa of
nervousness and suggested that he was not
in favor of cutting off general debate aa

 

 

Continued on Sonond Page

 

 

After all, Usher's the Sooto)
(nay made the bigpbell temeus ade

| twine

|

judiciary shall have the broadest possible |

of the Interstate Commerce Commission, |

 

   

MAY |,

THINK HoH Wh AE Vee,

Copyright

1006.

  
          

  

Wot Metievedt That Hieing eete wiht
Afeet Potitiont Guttenh
Torrnes Kan Aor) ow The Moet

Stanley bhiesing epteode hee fallen Gat ane
Chew Heel will he rencminated try aecteme
tion on Weelneedtay

That ia fhe opinion of party leaders anc
the 00 delegates now on the around. The
birt eplerede lene lament grmenigee talent
for more than a
that it oeourred «a year ago cana the
story to be regen ted only ae a campaign
canard

Three month: age Mra Stantey, the
woman whe wae threatened with a line
from the Governer a year a@>, @estated

the Gevernor« wife ie a reception at the
Paecutive Mansion

The publication of thie story at thie time
ie charged to Chairman Sapp of the Demeo-
cratic State committes, who wa cousin of

Mrs. Stanivy

PORSONED CINDY BY WATE.
Attempt Made to KIN @ TwetvesVenr-end

Girt Her Mother Arrested.
Trenton, N. J, April 0. Potaoned
candy, mailed from Trenton to twAtive-

year-old Josephine D. Davenport, a ward in
the home of E.Jones of Washington's Crosa-
ing, eight miles above this city, almost re-
sulted in the death of three persona. The
child's mother, Mra. Laura Davenport, a
Trenton woman, waa arrested this after-
noon, on a charge of being a fugitive from
justice She is wanted to answer an indict-
ment fotind by the Grand Jury several
months go.

The woman will be questioned to see if
she has any knowledge of the poison case.
The Davenport child, who ate freely of the
candy, was in such a condition that her life
was despaired of for many hours, and even
now the indications are that she will suffer
for weeks from the effecta of the poison.
That she was not killed outright was prob-
ably due to her love for her father, whioh
prompted her to save a large part of the
candy until he had paid ber a visit,

Others who fell victims to the plot to kill
the child were Mra. Jones and the latter's
son, Marvin Jones, who ia 8 years old. The
Davenport child was sent to the post office
and received the box, which was addressed
to her with a lead pencil, an attempt having
been made to disguise the handwriting

The box bore a Trenton postmark and was
not wrapped but merely tied with a piece of
The whole job had the appearance
of being hadly bungled, possibly in an ef-
fort to hide the identity of the sender, The
Davenports have been separated some
twe years.

 

HER FREEDOM,
MeCormick Alleges Her Elushand
Heleased Her From Her Vows,

Waite Puains, April 8).—A novel suit
has been brought in the Westchester
County Court at White Plains by Mrs,
Mary EK, McCormick of Pelham Manor
to enforce an alleged contract made by
her husband, James M. MeCormick, The
couple have not lived happily together and
a sult for separation is now pending before
the Supreme Court.

Mrs, McCormick alleges that her hus-
band made an agreement by which he
promised to pay her £3) a week and to
give her the widest freedom from her mar-
riage vows, She now says that he has
refused to live up to the contract so far
as the payment of her allowance is con-
cerned,

John M, Digney, counsel for Mr, MeCor-
mick, contends that the agreement is il-
legal, for the reason that no man can re-
lease his wife from her marital obligations
except through a regular proceeding
brought before the Supreme Court. The

PROMISED

Sirs.

case was argued before Justice Platt on |

a point of law to-day, but will be tried out
next Friday before a jury,

 

Got G1 800 of Hettors' Money at the Rocke
away Hunt Club's Baces and Skipped.
Henrsteap, L, 1., April $0.—An angry lot
of bettors hunted for a bookmaker who had
taken beta from them on Saturday at the
races held under the auspices of the Rocka-
way Hunt Club, He dirappeared just be-
fore the finish of the second race, which
was for hunters over @ four mile course,
and which was won by Mrs, Eloise Ker-

nochan's Cresset after bo had heen backed |

from two to one to Aliree to five at post
call,

Aw noon os the names of the jockeys of
the second race were posted the bookle
got busy, Members of the HKockaway,
Meadow Brook and Great Neck hunt clubs
at once got down on Cresvet for amounts
from $25 to $500, as the tip had gone the
rounds that Cresset waa fit. All the grooms
on the course alao got down all they had
on Cresset, who rapidly dropped from two
to odds on, From the drop of the flug the
result was never in doubt, and Cresset came

{ home on the bit with lots to spare.

When the jubilant club membem went
to collect their wagerm they found that
the bookie had flown and could not be found,
He took in $1,800 before he skipped.

BIG STATUE TURNS TO DUST,

Sculptor Bitter's Work Made for St, Louls
Falr Collapare and Falls,

St. Louis, April 30.--A pile of white
dust and a few fragmonte of staff are all
that remain of the heroic statue of Joliet
which was taken from the world's fair
and wet up at the entrance to O'Fallon Park,

Without a warning creak the great
image tottered and fell from ita bass
Sunday afternoon in view of hundreds of
pleasure seekers in the park,

The figure, 25 feo. high and 15 feet long,
crashed to the ground. For an instant
the place where it had stood was hidden
from the spectators by a white oloud,
Then, when the air cleared it was seen that
the magnificent work of art was shattered
beyoud all hope of repair.

‘The work of installing it at the entranoe
to the park was completed only three daya
ago at an expense to the cily of nearly
$2,000,

When the statue was taken from the
world's fair residents of the O'Fallon Park
diatrict were told by Seulptor Carl Bitter
that it would last at least ten yours.

 

 

Schwab Wins London sult.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sun
Lonpon, April §0.--In the sult) whieh
David Rothschild, a picture dealer, brought
againat Charles M. Schwab for breach
of contract to buy for £15,000 Constable's

painting of “Dedham Look,” a verdict was |

rendered to-day in favor of Mr, Schwal:

Kaquinox Water Perfect Pure.

V. & Tim Charlee, A. a. @ G's

monthe and the fact.

'

wy wenrs oven THe narTrr
TURES AD WIS PATER,

Sdverse Comment in Savannah Seme

Sun.

108, by The fun Printing aed Puhliahing Atanrtettes

SHERMAN'S MARCH TO THE SEA

|

(hareetertye tt aa an feentt ant Gry |

He Ghentd Get we Seanety ae Poesttte
the Same Reception te Fainer tnd

(Wartaxoons, Tenn, April m Karly
thie morning Father Thomas Sherman and
an eaort from the Twelfth Cavalry at
Port Oglethorpe left on horseback over
the route taken be Gen WT
hie father, in the famous march to the aen
for the purpoes of obtaining data for the

archives of the War Department Father
Sherman was accompanied hy  Seeonrd
Lieut. Campbell, three non-commissioned

Offivers and «it privates
will be furniahed eubaistence and forage
at various pointe along the route as pro-
vided by the War Department. Father
| Sherman, who in a said mans
at Fort Oglethorpe Sunday morning. After
reaching Atlanta the soldiers will return
| SAVANNAH, April %. Father Sherman's
proposed march through Georgian bas
| provoked a great deal of adverse com
{ment here Many characterize
, march as infamous and an insult
Yourg, president of the Confederate Veter
ane’ Aseociation, said to-day, discussing
| the proposed visit of the son of Gen. Sher-
man

“It would not surprise me to find that
there has been some errer in the report as
| went out, and that it may he found that
Father Sherman does not have the intention
of coming through the South in the manner
| the telegrama describe At any rate [
would not he disposed to condemn the act
until | knew the object and intention of it

“[ cannot imagine what possible good
such a visit can do, but it may do considera -
ble harm in awakening the memories of one
of the most brutal marches ever made
There certainly is nothing to be proud of

Jemiit,

aneh oa
Capt

through a country undefended, and then
to report to his Government that he had
destroyed more than twice as much property
ae necessary for the support of his army

Sherman wantonly did this without just
calise

“Then, again, the Government = can
searcely understand the temper of our

people, since it is deemed necessary for the
son of Sherman to have a guard as he ad-
vances through the country. Notwith-
standing all that has been done, he would
find bimvelf as safe in this section as in any
other section of the country.”

Gen. 8. F. B. Gillespie, Deputy Clerk of
the United States Court and a prominent
member of the G. A. K., was equally pro-
pounced in his denunciation, He said:

“It is outrageous. If the reverend father
wants to nee the ground over which his
father went why doesn't he get a carriage?
I can't see how the Government can furnish
| an escort.” .

{City officials and others around the City

| Hall do not look with favor on the proposed |

Many of the sentiments expressed
not make polite reading. Some

march,
| would
ventured the statement that if the matter

were left to them they would as nearly as |

possible give to the son the same reception
| the people gave the father. Others, ex-

pressing the idea still more clearly, said
they thought the party should be given
the cold shoulder and nothing to eat,

Acting Mayor Dixon's opinion was lo the
point. He said:

“If it were left to me I'd have him caught
and hung before he reached Savannah.”

CHARGES SERVED ON

 

DOWTE,

lif the “Prophet Dodsn't Anawer by Toe

Cuicaco, April 90, John Alexander
Dowie, the deposed apostle of the Christian
Cathollo Church, and now an oceupant
of three front rooms in the Shiloh Flouse,
received to-day a written list of the charges
brought against him by Voliva and other
members of Voliva's party, Dowle's in-
vitation for a full statement cf accusations
against him met with dmmediate response,
and a long document, signed by sixteen
church dignitaries, was handed to the
“Prophet” by a special monsonger,

The First Apostle has until Wednesday
in which to make answer, Should he fail
to explain away the charges the document
will be read at a public meeting in the tab-
ernacle, it is said,

| arave
!

Sherman, |

The company |

in Sherman's marching with a large army |

aii aN were ent PATSAN,

Revetting Prone at Sevastapet Beton
Thirty-five Prieenere
ertal ( ohte fretpatern to Tee
Sr Pet renee, April
outhreak ocurred at Bevaatopel lnat miate
The diecip inary battalion there feetroeyved
the military priewn and lherated tlurty
five men, who @ere cnletgoingd aentencn:
for taking leading parte in mutintes that
veeirred during the paet your
The Governor hae telegraphed fo Mt
Petersburg avying that thee
The exwot of the
yet known

A eertiowm

aitiuetian ta

revolt ia fet

TURKISH TROGHS WALI.

Lirae Force thas Lett demtat for Chatn
in Canteateet Mtatrtet

tnert Conte Piespateh to Tue ts

Loxton, May 1 QR deapateh to the
Chronicle from Aletandei: «ave that oa
dirge forse oof Offerman troope have left
Jeddah for Akaba The offers at fire
refieed to atart untese they reeeived hall
their pay

Tt ie stated that leddal in complete
confusion Poreugners there are alarmed

Reais, April wm. The Krenkfurter

Zeitung prints a despatch fron Conmetanty-
hople saying that in
ports from the Turkish Minister at Atoens,
to whom in King Pdwart
referred on the Tabah
controversy, 4 Ministerial couneil baa been
held at which it wos deeided not ta modify
the stand Turkey has hitherte adopted
in her dispute with England regarding the
Egyptian boundary

consequence of re

converaation
serine ferme fo

COL, DADDY TAKES WATER.

Rrookiyn's Odell Representative Won't
Fight Reapportionment Plans
Col. Michael J. Dady, almost the sole
Republican statesman in Brooklyn of any
influence who adhered to the crumbling
Odell machine, has abandoned all oppe-
sition to the reapportionment plans pre-
pared under the direction of ex-Lieut.-
Gov. Timothy L. Woodruff. A few days
ago he was predicting that a successful
fight against the scheme would be waged
at Albany.
The plans are

pronounced perfect in

every detail by competent political statis- |

ticlans, and ensure, it is said, the election

lof at least three out of the seven Senators

by the Republicans

(WERICAN INVASION OF

Zayas Wants Ban Maced on
Further Land Purchases.
Spechal Cable Despatch to THE Stn.
Havana, Apri! 30.--A billhas been pre-
sented tothe Senate to reserve the Cuban
coustwise trade for Cuban vessels ex-

cuba

Senator

' clusively,

) national

Voliva refuses to dine |

cuss the charges beyond the one relating |

to Anna Rihard, who, according to a slate.
ment made by the dethroned “Elijah”
yosterday, aocused several overseers,

“Dowle is a ilar,” sald Voliva, “and he
knows it. He says the woman is now in an
Insane asylum. IT say that isa lie!”

Voliva then told of events supposed to
have happened on the special car Tooaloo.
He did not say when nor where,

Appointment of a receiver for the assets
of John Alexander Dowie war delayed until
May 15 by Judge*E. N. Landis to-day, be-
cause of ponding litigation in regard to the
ownership of Zion City property now before
the court at Waukegan. If Dowle wins
in the fight over the property at Zion It is
probable that the bankruptey petition will
be diaminsed,

TO QUIT BROOKLYN FOR GOOD,

|
{
|
|
|
|
'
|
|
morrow They Will Be Made Pubile.
'
|

 

the Ex-Banker Bigamist, Going

Into Exile,

Thomas W. Kiley, who disappeared
from Brooklyn about two months ago,
directly after the publication of tM big-
amous scandal in which he was involved,
returned yesterday morning to his old home
at 20) Jefferson avenue, the residence of
wife No, 1, which is only a couple of blocks
from the home of Mrs, Colt, wife No, 2,

Since Jeaving Brooklyn Kiley had lived
{n seclusion at Asheville, N.C. He said yer-
terday that he would at once wind up his
affaira in Brooklyn and leave it for good,
lt is Understood that he has made @ com-
plete reconciliation with his first wife
and placed ber in independent circum-
stances, Mrs, Colt Pprofexses entire in-
| difference to Kiley's moveinents, and de-
clarea she will hold no communication with
him exoept through her lawyers,

Kiley resigned trem the presidency of
North Side Lant befure starting tor Ashe.

Kiley,

a

 

 

 

ville. He is Gil a stockholder in the in-
stitution, Hew. have for Burope ina few
| dayn.

Latest Varine Enteliigence,
Arrived: Sa His ndam, Hotterdam, Apri 21

 

DEWEYV'S CLANETS AND OLD HURGUNDY
Wil make rich Hieod  hetter than Drugs
H t Dewey & Sona Co, 188 Fulton at, New York
\ae.

Nething Quite Kquale ft,
The Twentieth Century Limited, the 1® hour tratn
between New York and Colcaga by the New Vork
Central Lines, Leaves New York 84) 0 Mo, ar

tives Chloags 6:80 neat morning ~a uight's
| és ride,

Senator Zayas drew the attention of the
Senate toanarticle inthe Discusion, accord-
ing to which land in Cuba is sapidly passing
into the hands of Americans. In the Prov-
ince of Santiago Americans have bought @
million acroa and in Camaguey they own
a larger proportionate amount. Sefior
Zayas urged the adoption of a bill providing

| that aliens, in whose native countries the

law forbids foreigners to hold land be pro-
hibited from owning land in Cuba, He
suid that in America and Hayti aliens could
not hold land.

BACHELOR GIRL

 

WEDS,

 

President of the Mount Vernon Organiza.
tlon Becomes a Bride.

Mount Vernon, N. Y., April 90,— Misa
Belle Metz, president of the Bachelor Girls'
Club of Mount Vernon, was married to-night
to Dr. Thomas 8, Swift at the Church of
the Ascension, on Chester Hill, Miss
Metz wax the organizer and first president
of the Bachelor Girls, who numbered
thirteen, Their motto was “individual
and simple life." For a time the club went
along awimmingly and then Cupid started
to make inroads on the membership.
First one married and then another, until
ut Miss Metz's marriage nearly half of
the original membership are enjoying
married life,

LONGSHOREMEN

Great Laker
Tied Up.

Cytcago, April 80, Acting under orders
from President B,J. Keefe of the Inter
Longshoremen's Union nearly
40,000 men will quit) work at 12. o'clock
to-night and freight trafic on the lakes in
practically tied up

It is estimated that probably asa many
other workers on shore will be affeoted by
the strike.

In all the ports of the Great Lakes boat
owners worked up to midnight to get their
ships laden and away from shore before
the strike order took effect,

For a time at least no effort will be made
to operate the docks with non-union men,
and the tieup will be complete,

 

30,000 STRIKE,

Trame on the Completely

 

 

MOSS DINNER FOR SIX” TWOCENTS

Dr. Hansteen Belleves IC Is to Be the Popue
lar Food for the Masses,
Speclal Cable Despatch to Tae Sux

CHristIANtA, April 80.—Dr. Hansteen,
chief lecturer at the Agricultural School at
Ans, declares his belief that moss is dee-
tined to become a great popular food for
the masses owing to its cheapness and nu-
tritious value. A common, greenish- white
moss that ia found almost everywhere,
wan cleaned, subjected to a chemical pro-
cerns, pressed and cooked. It makes a dish
delighting the most blasé epicure, and it is
as nutritive as the vegetables now used
if not more so. It can also be ground and
used ax meal for bread-making.

Dr. Hansteen says his experiments show
that nine ounces of moss, costing the
equivalent of twa cents, will make a dinner
for wix persons,

A NEW PLAN TO STOP SPITTING,

eeqenecmmaseeenne
Cmeinnatt Polloe Hand Cards Telling of
the Danger to Offenders,
Cincinnati, April 8).—Chief of Police
Paul Milliken hax adopted new  tactios
in the war against spilters in street cars

and public places,
He directed patrolmen to hand to any

one seen expectorating in a public place |

a card on which ts printed

"Spitting menaces public health

"Spitting on sidewalk# in public con-
veyanows or in public paces in Hable to
communicate disease, Do not spit,"

The other side of the curd bears a copy
of the city ordinance

——

 

latest Marconi Wireless,

Me Kronpring Wilhelm, for New York, was
rilige east of Nantucket Lightenip at 110 P.M, yes.
terday

ne ee ee

Dewar's reaches exclusive circles
because of purity, Loeotors recemmegs

atk

Terreney, Mat 1, 1078,
Partly cloudy and cooler to-day;
showers to-morrow,

PRICE TWO CENTS. *

{7 RIOTERS SHOT: 4 WILL DIE.

STUTE POLITE REPEL Ver ick oF
POHRRION WINTHS

Ominrtay's Guethrent at Went ¢ arrnet Pete
lowed ty Mowhkthed When Prare
Oihivers Verive ta Meeore rier Taw
art Connty Offtelate Hefuee te tet

Fawaora, Pa April © 4ewenteen
rioters whe attacked half of Troon C af
the State Mounted Police at Mount Carne
teodlay dewn

Four were fatally wounded

wore alwit

awhile fone

f the trooper were badiy tort in the
eneounter

The equadron wae compelled te rettes
behind the etockudes of the Sayre eslliere

and leave the town in the poeseseaion of

 
 

the rotere Tecright the rernetrvede
troop haa reenforoed the twenty two ne
whe did (he electing and Cape

and forty Troop Ho olefe |

Page

men oof sre ty

neeht for Mount Carmel Capt. Page wil
take eharge of the situation and wi
troopers armed with riot guna, revolvers

ndoelube will uf he receives anthert«

rom soeriff Sharpless of Nor humberhyy |

Unt y move upon the moter in the torre
ing, tnake wholesale arrests of thoae eore
cerned wi teediny disturbances and put

withaatrong hand

remarkable for the

down themnob apirt

To-day's noting wa
fact that it was not inspired liv any action
not directed
\ against anv one connected with a colliery
by the fae’ tha®
the presence
ate police and the proa-

f the State troopers and vas

tt was caused apparently
the
of the uniformed °
pect that they would arrest the men who
neerned in the rioting en Saturday

rioters were aroused by

were ¢
night

| he ten
hy Shen J

allect to the seans
who feared that

yper had been
Bh Scerple

there would be a further outbreak when
the one who were building a breaker at
the Savrve collery returned to work this

| morning
} ‘The detail of twenty-two men, under
command of Lieut. WF Smith, which wes
| located temporarily at Pottsville, received
orders at 2. o'clock this morning to proceed
{to Mount Carmel. ‘The policemen and the
horses were loaded on a special train which
| reached Mount Carmel at 5 o'clock,

They stabled their horses at th» Bear
Ridge shaft and at about & {o'cloe:
marched into the town for breakfast. As
soon as the foreigners saw them they be-
came incensed and started to jeer them,
The officers marched on steadily, looking
neither to right nor left.

The first hotel they wer’ to was the Looust
Mountain House, where the proprietor
refused to feed them. hen they proceeded
to the Commercial Hotel, the leading hoa-
telry in the town, They entered the hotei
at about 9 o'clock, The proprietor was
willing to feed them, but the servant
girls refused to serve them, and the cooks,
following the lead, refused to prepare
food for them. The officers then proceeds 1
to cook their own breakfast. ;

If’ the meantime an immense crowd
had gathered in the streets. Every tims
one of the policemen appeared at the win.
dow a chorus of jeers and maledictions
went up from the crowd,

Finally the detachment came out and the
crowd began to close in about them. The
men tried to force a passag@way through
the mob, but to no avail. Suddenly a piece
of brick came whizzing through the air
It grazed the cheek of a big policeman
and the blood trickled down over his gray
whipcord blouse, Another stone struck @
second policeman's helmet and the next
moment a Cane Wak flying through ths
air toward the little band of uniformed
men on the sidewalk

Drawing their long clubs the policemen
battered their way through the crowd
‘Two men who spat at and struck the offloers
were taken prisoners,

From the roof of the hotel Burgess Fen «
man called upon the mob to disperse and
hia words were heeded by some of them

In the meantime the offlcera proceeds
to the offloe of Squire Reed, where thelr
privoners were arraigned and held under
bail. The detachment then marched south
on Maple street to Fifth, where tne ecowd
again became densa and biockod their way,

Ayain the o:.cers were bomtarded with
»ticks and atones, and several of thein wero
injured, The situation, being desperate,
Lieut, Smith ordered his men to draw (he
revolvers and fire in the air

This did not scare the crowd, but only
seemed to make them more vicious, Severel
of the policemen were struck with sticks
} and stones and injured, and the crowd
hegan to close in on the little band. Then
the officers fired point blank into the mob,
Hardly had the echo of the reporta died
away than the air was rent with shrieks
as three men sank to the atreet, the blood
flowing from their wounds. Those who
fell were Matthew Mattersick, shot in hip,
condition eritical; George Gregis, shot in
ribs, will recover: Matthew Kimbuski, shot
in hip, serious.

Bullets from the pistols of the policemen
passed through the homes of Charles Gold.
amith and Dr. J. B, Kistler. Mrs. Gold-
amith waa slightly injured, After firing on
the crowd the Police retreated down Fifth
street to the borough line, where they made
a etand, Again the mob advanced upon
them and again the big revolvers of the
officers blazed a deadly fire into the crowd.
The wounded are: Sylvester Measservitz, 14
years old, shot in bowels, will die; Charles
McClosky, shot in abdomen; Martin Weslin-
sky, shot in bowels, will die; Stanley Rocke-
sky, shot in back over heart, will die; Peter
Schliek, struok by stray bullet, four blocks
away, not serious; Louis Wilky, shot in back,
will die.

Several of the policemen were injured,
but none seriously,

After the deadly fire the mob still pressed
forward and Lieut. Smith withdrew his
men to the barracks of the Sayre colliery
of the Lehigh Valley Coal Company.

After being implored by leading citizens,
Sheriff Sharpless of Northumberland county
left for Mount Carme!. When he ‘arrived
there and saw the moba that swarmed the
streets, he became weak at the knees, and
fled to the barracks of the Sayre colliery
and begged for admittance. When he got
} in Liout. Smith asked him to swear in his
men as deputies, but this Sharpless re-
| funed to do.

Several of Smith's men, who are Regular
army veterans, begged piteously to be

allowed to go out and face the mob, but
| am it had now swelled to 4,000 this was not
allowed.
| The second

 

 

 

 

detachment of policemen,

 

AYALA MAGNET THE PREMIKR CHAM.
VAGNE of the world, Aoker, Mr rh & Condit
Go, U, 3, Distributors, At best hotels

x wien he +

  
     

 

 

 

nd clube