“e

7.

*

  
   
  
   
    

 

“90 AMASON?” THIEF SAID.

GALE SAID WE Was
gumatanr ALLowro
Rother Alen Geld He Was of (he Fraternity
ce te Towed @ Mamend Ring Hack
=@Gacer Rargier tn + firnakive Mewes
Taek Geme Pinner aed Then tere

 

‘sn Tar
pon oir

tanner living

ot 187 Bainiriiaw etree © oeien, eave if
ja more wave than one he @ Mason

he wan « sstered Vr Cale e Dedtoem
a 6 a tine’ venteria ning with «
draee favoiver anda s ave lantern, tf
hie opinion ‘a could proheble

feae bic / fave

Mr and V ‘ 4 fear foam
on (he eeonn! f ‘ three al ory
hee Thee etane ‘ | wort he «hemp
ing im the wene ester iay morming
ead Mare parite a fifte ” 1 daviahter

Wen On the third |
The flerer | le hefore
6 e'clonk frightened Marguerite and ahe

farm ehortir

@alied wit fn f anliery her father and
mother They want to the foot of the eraire
and quieted Ser, making en iah hole
for anybody on the aecond floor ty near
them.

They had been backs in bed about ten

@inutes and «ere doring of when Mra
@ale bear a creaking in an adjoining
fooms. Ashe listened and everything «as
@ti!] egein Then there +as some more
creaking and Mra Gale aroused her hue-
band

*Oh, it's only a mouse,” sald he, vawning
end rolling over But ae he turned in the
bed he caught sight of a figure crouching io
the doorway

*What are vou doing here?” aried Gale,
@tarting up in bed

  

There was a click asthe dark alide of the

lantern was released) and a bright light
flashed into Gale's face, blinding him for

a momen’ The introdér, still crouching,
advanced quickly to the bed, holding his
lantern in one hand and a drawn revolver
in the other He was on Mrs. Gale's side

of the bed. and when he spoke again he was
e0 close that she could have touched him
with her hand

“Keep quiet, and there'll be no harm

ne,"said he “Butof either of you move
"’ be obliged to blaze away °

Mrs) Gale had been frightened speech-
Yeas but she came fo hers:If when her
busband moved slightly. She said last
night tha! she felt reassured by the gentle-
erly and rather apologetic way in which
the ear addressed them He was
epparently “well bred Anyway, she he-
to plead with him, especially for her
Dn

“Take anything,” she cried, “but don't

us."
The intruder keeping Mr. Gale covered |
with his revolver and lantern, declared

that be had no desire to kill, that avery-
body in the house was as safe as could
be if they only refrained from making

disturbance He merely had to protect

own right of life. and that he intended

to do, even if he had to sacrifice somshody
else

After that there was nothing doing for
Mr. Galeinthehero line His wife wouldn't
let him move an inch, andthe burglar went
merrily to work, still. however. keeping
the hushand covered with his revolver

He took Mr. Gale's trousers of the foot
of the bed and went through the pockets.
That netted him a small amount of change
and a leather case, which looked as though
it might contain something valuable, but
which really held a bunch of keys.

The burglar was starting on the tanner’s

Gale's right hand was under his pillow. |

See and waistcoat when he noticed that

dently he vheueD Gale was reaching
e called sharply

"

for a revolver. for
“Throw up your hands!
Gale made a move as though to sit up in
the bed. His wife clung to him
“Place your hands on the bed and be
ck about it,” ordered the burglar, as
advanced a step or two with his levelled
revolver. Gale complied and the light
from the bull's eye lantern disclo a
diamond ring on Gale's finger. The stone
‘was @ good sized one

“Give me that ring!" commanded the |

burglar

*What do you want of it? It can be
of no value to you, it's a Masonio ring,”
said Gale

“Give it to me,” ordered the man with

the gun.

Gale drew it from his finger and etarted
to hand it tothe man. He refused to take
{t from his hand, evidently fearing treach-

ery.
Riek row jt on the bed!" he said

Gale did as he was told. The burglar
ploked it up

“Please take anything you want, but
only get out,” moaned Mre. Gale, whose
nerves were “/] ucstrung by this time

“Pardon me, msdam, just one minute,"
prerruried the burglar, “but [have a ques-
tion to ask of this gentleman." Then ad-
drereing Gale he asked

*Are you a Mason, sir?"

“I am,” replied Gale, who is a thirty-

cond degree man. “But why do you ask?”
e addad

“Iam interested,” said the burglar.

“Are you a Mason?" asked Gale.

“Tan,” replied the burglar. Then turn-
tmg he tossed the ring back to Mr. Gale,

ing that he had no ugeforit. Hegtarted

or the tanner's coat and vest again. Mr.
Gale told him that there was soine mone
in the coat and also some papers whic
were of considerable value to him, but
which would be useless to anvbody elke
He asked the burglar if he wouldn't spare
the papers. The man took nothing from
the coat, fingered around for a few seconds
with some inexpensive jewelry on the
bureau, without pocketing any of it, and
then returned to the bedaeide.
the husband once more, he said

“You say you area Mason. 1 want you
to give me your word as a Mason of the
thirty second degree that you won't leave
thie bed or make a sound until | am out of
the house.”

"How long will that be?” asked Gale.

“Three minutes,” replied the burglar.

*Then you have my word,"

*T have a few things packed downstairs,”
the man went on. “but | am a Mason and
will not take them.”

Then he backed out of the door and ran |
tricts and central over the St. Lawrence valley.

downstairs. When he heard the front

door bang Mr. Galo jumped from his bed |
i | pressure area, causing heavy rain in Oklahoma

and rang up the police. Then he began
to investigate. He found that the man
hadn't kept faith with him, About twelve

eces of silver and a number of pieces of
vory, taken from a cabinet in the parlor,
were missing. So also were a new overs
coat a andderby hat which Mr. Gale had left
in the hall. In their places was a slate
colored storm coat and a cheap derby.
The latter bore the mark of a Manhattan
store.

The pohee don't know what to make
ofthecase. They eaythat if theexperience
as related by Mr. Gale is true--and there is
no reason to doubt it-—then the man was
either a very clever impostor or a real
Mason who was conscience stricken, Mr.
Gale doesn't want to believe that the man
ie a member of the brotherhood to which

he belongs, but so far as he was able to
{ices the man answered questions aa a
ason might
He described the man as of medium
height, clean shaven, full face and about
B yearsold. He didn't wear any mask,

 

KANSAS CLAIMS

316,000 ACRES,

ment, Sale or Allenation,

WasHiNoton, April 80..-The State of
Kansas. through its Attorney-General, to-
day filed in the Supreme Court a petition

for permission te file a bill in equity against
the United States. the Secretary of the
Interior, tue Commissioner of Indian Affairs
4nd Various othere to restrain the allot-

Addressing |

 

ment, saie or alienation of some $516,000
acres of land in the Creek Nation, Indian
Territory, claimed by the Missouri, Kansas |
and Texas Raileoua Coupany, under grant
from the Stair Kubeas

The States claim t based on u grant by
Congress to aid in the construction ofgrail-
roads. The lund» consist of the odd num-

bered sections along the line of the railroad.

 

tracting designer under a sin- |
gle contract to advise in selec: |
tion and to "vise every
phase of building work, from
the original plans to the small-
est detaile of decoration.

HOGGSON BROTHERS —

CONTRACTING DESIGNERS

of Readencea Ranks Clube and Librartes
7 EAST 44TH STREET

(me Ae Rea A LAP SUE A Ro)
CrP Tay ON TRE 4VD TeaRnKero

firitienh Chaeneetter Guinnite Metget fa the |
Howe of Commons
One! he Deepa’ te Tee Se

laownow April # The etatement af (he
budget ae read in the Mouse af Commonea
to-day by Mr Aaquith, the Chancelior of the
Kechequer ff showed «@ e@urplne for the
last vear of G1 sa nnn

The Goeerment« plane for roteing
revenue involve no reduetion io the tariff
on @ugar, but provide for @ reduction of
one penny on tea, to take effect on duly 1 |
next. A chatome revenue of €416,000 @ill
be left for contingencies

The income tas ie to remain, end the
House will be asked fo appoint 6 especial
committee to inquire inte a plan for gradu.
ating and differentiating it. The report
duty on coal is to be repealed and 244 pence |
te taken off the duty on etripped tobacco |

The expenditures for the current year
are estimated at £141. 788,000 The eati- |
mated revenue ia £144,860,000, leaving @

surplus of £3,974.000 Of the eurplus £500,-
000 will be applied to the reduction of the
national debt, and £154,900 will go to the
Board of Edueation asa temporary provi-
sion for neceasitoue achoo! districts

Mr. Asquith aaid thet the oversea trade
of the country had reached a point never |
before paralicled. The exporte had reached
£390,000,000, an increase of 23 per cent. over
those of 1900, taking that asa standard year.
There had been a steady diminution tn the |
revenue from spirits, beer and wine. The |
post office receipts were £1,000,000 in excess
of those of the preceding vear

 

JAPAN'S WAR HEROES

Clad tn Khaki, Reviews
Veterans tn Toklo.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tar Sctw
Toxio, April 30—The Emperor to-day
held a grand review of the victorious army. |
The weather was perfect Fie!d Marshal
Oyama, 2,124 officers and 31,203 men, repre-

 

PARADE,

Emperor, the

the review. All, including the Emperor,
wore khaki service uniforms, which de- |
tracted from the picturesqueness of the |
occasion, but emphasized the Hine |
!
|
\

|
| {
‘ senting seventeen divisions, took part tn |
|
'

ideals of effectiveness and unoetentation.

The hattle shredded colors were carried
by the various regiments. Fifty thousand
wives and children of fallen soldiers added
to the impressiveness of the scene.

Trophies of the war were placed in the
park before the palace gate. They in-
cluded 511 guns, 70,000 rifles, 1,280 swords,
and spears, and 3,162 wagons.

Subsequently the Emperor addressed a
rescript to Field Marshal Oyama compli-
menting the army upon its services.

The only disappointment was the absence
of the Empress, whose health has not been
good lately.

NATAL CONVOY ATTACKED.

Chief Bambatsa Tries to Keep Supplies
From Beaching Col. Mansell.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas BUN

Doursan, Natal, April 80.—Chief Bam-
bata's men to-day attacked the escort
accompanying a convoy whiob was taking
provisions to Col, Mansell's field force.

No details of the affair have yet been re-

ceived here, ‘

PREMIER WITTE QUITS CABINET. |

 

 

 

Czar Said to Have Accepted His Resigna-
tion, Many Times Offered.
Speclol Cable Despatch to Tae Stn
Str. Perersscra, April 80.—A member of
Count Witte's family to-day informed Tre
SUN correspondent that the Emperor had
accepted Witte's resignation as Premier.

American Satlors in Row at Guantanamo. |
Spectal Cable Despatch to TRE SUN.

Havana, April 80.—Despatches from
Guantanamo state that thirty intoxicated
American sailors became involved in a row
with a number of the townspeople and
policemen. Shota were fired and several
sailors were wounded, one being hit under
the arm.

 

 

Mrs. Tingley Opens Another Cuban School,
Spectat Cable Despatch to TAB Sun.
Havana, April 80.-Mrs. Tingley, preal-
dent of the Raja Yogi School in California,
who recently attended the Cuban charities
conference at Santiago, where she has a

school, visited President Palma to-day.
She has use established another schoo) at
Pinar del Rio.

 

Ambassador Tower in Constantinople.
Special Cable Despatch © Tuam Sun.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 80. — Charle-
magne Tower, United States Ambassador
at Berlin, arrived here to-day.

 

The Weather.

Thunderstorms accompanied by heavy rain-
fall were goneral over New York, New Jersey and
New England yesterday morning and were occs-
foned by @ storm covering all Northeastern dis-

In the extreme Southwest thore war also 4 low

and showers and thunderstorms northward to the
middle Mississipp! States,

The pressure was bigh and the weather fair In
the South Atlantio States and in the far West.

The temperatures were higher in the Middle
Atlantic States and New England and from the
Dakotas southward to western Texas; elsewhere
no notable changes occurred

In this city a thunderstorm accompanied by
heavy rain ocourred |n the early morning, and the
day was cloudy and foggy until noon; clearing and
warmer In the afternoon, wind light soutberly:
average humidity. &1 per cent., barometer, cor-
rected to read to sea level, av'® A. M., 80.04; 8 P. M.,
29 04.

The temperature yesterday as recorded by the
ofclal thermometer is shown in the annexed
table

1908 1005 1006 1006
9AM BAe 51° 6P M... u 65°
2M nor as AP. M 67° 6n*
aP.M TH” a7°.12 Mid 67° 5

Highest temperature, 74°, at @ P.M.
WASRHINOTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW

For eastern New York, partly claudy to-day and |
cooler in the extreme south portion, showers to-mor-
rou: light to fresh north to northeast winds
For the District of Columbia, Maryland and
Virginia, partly cloucy and cooler to-day, showers
In the afternoon or night. showers t)> morrow, |
Nght to fresh north to portheast winds |
For Delaware, showers this affernoor or to
aight; showers to morrow. light to fresh north to |
northeast winds |
Fos New Jersey, showers this aftervon or to-
night and oooler in northwest portion, showers
to-morrow; Nght to fresh north to northeast winds
For eastern Pennaylvania, showers this after-
noon or to-aight and cooler tp south portion
showers to-morrow, light to freab north to north
eget winds

For New England. partly cloudy to day. showers |
to-morrow, except fatr lo eastern Maine fresh west
to north winds

For western New York, Increasing cloudiness
to day and showers by night, showers to morrow
fresh north to northeast winds.

| forth, aesording fo

ay

AANKS HAD Ronnawree Past tT
GEFORE ANNOUNCEMENT

Seo tiatt Gheereatic Ver on the Fime «
flank Way Rave the diets Interecet Free
Tee Wanke Mave Gat ae Far ae 10
Pare Rechenge Werhet Mefogget

When Geerstary of the Treseury Shae
announced on April te that he had deposited
619,000 Ane from the Bute Treasury in fae
tional banke, whic: hea agreed to impart
aold fo that amount, he prt 636,000,090 ne
the foetal amount @hieh could he taken
be Banke uncer thie pian That he had
made auch @ limit he did fet make known
at the time, but if @a0 announced ester.
day that he had removed the limit Henew
the saneines ment
there je ae limit on the amount national

| banke can withdraw he depositing eavings

henk collateral in the Sub. Treasury and
announcing an intention to impart anid to
the amount of the withdrawal

The extension of the everetary’s plan
wae considered important, not only bee
cane it aerced to facilitate goid imports,
but heeaues it tended ta emabliah the new
way of things aaa settied policy. fn the
beginning, the Secretary mid, bie action

| Re aN expedient to he resorted to in times |
| Of financial stringency. It

wae & prece-
dent, but not a policy. and would be fol-

| lowed only when in the judgment of the
| Seoretary conditions warranted, Now, Wall

atreet bankers believed yesterday, the order
is applicable at any time

Though ¢ eecretary hae raised
limit of the ey banks may secure under

 

'

|

the

}

the conditions of hie order, be has not put

a limit on the time the banks may keep
the money. The purpose of the order,
as stated on April 14, waa to save banks
interest on importationa of
the gold was in transit. It wae pointed
out by bankers who objected to the order
that Mr. Shaw's delivery of Government
money might permit banks to keep it for
a much longer time than that act ually
conaumed in transportation, since the
banks get the money when they simply
express an intention to import gold and
not after they make the formal engage-
ment. It would be much better, these
bankers suggested, as establishing the
rornee txchange rates at whih benke
could profitably import gold, if the Secretary
were to fix a definite time for which the
banks could keep the Government's money.

The critica instance the workings of the
order aa to the first week's borrowings as
follows

National City Bank took $5,000,000 April 12,
replaced it April 26 (14 days). National City
Bank took $5,000,000 April 13, replaced 81,500,-

'

gold while |

|

000 April 27 (14 days) and $1,000,000 April 30 |
| and caused the explosion.

(17 days’. Still has $2,500,000

Hanover National took $2,000,900 April 13,
replaced $1,000,000 April 26 (13 days) Still
has $1,000,000

National Bank of Commerce took $1,100,000
April 17, replaced it Apri! 25 (8 davs)

Accordingly, while the National Bank of
Commerce rl the free use of Government
money but eight days, the City Bank had the
use of $5,000,000 for fourteen days, $1,500,000

for fourteen days.$1,000,000for seventeen days ,

and still has the use of $2,500,000 secured,
eighteen days ago, and the Hanover Na-
tional had the use of $1,000,000 for thirteen
days and still has $1,000,000 secured eighteen
days ago.
ing to figure out any natural trade
gold import point,” said a foreign banker
yesterday, ether to be equivalent to cal-
culating tow ong the Secretary will permit
banks to keep the Government money. If
they can keep it long enough they can im-

rt gold very profitably no matter what
Fhe rates for bills of exchange or what the
premium on bar gold. Formerly we used

to Pay, ten days asa very liberal allowance
for the loss of interest on gold in transit.
The ten day period apparently cuts very
little figure now.” ;

Assistant Treasurer Fish said yesterday
that the Secretary depanded on banke using
al) reasonable expedition in bringing over
the gold, In case they took undue liberties,
he said, he should report it at Washington,

' Tt was explained also that some of the

money replaced was not credited as re-

placed at the Sub-Treasury, for the reason |

that it took the employees a day to count
it. The force has been working overtime
since the heavy money movements began

| and has been Unable in some cases to get

the gold counted on the day it is received,
Yesterday there was a total of $3,400,000
withdrawn from the Sub-Treasury on ac-
count of gold importa, the City Eank taking
$2,000,000, the First National, 61,000,000 for

| Lazard Fréres and the bank of Commerce,

$400,000 for the Guaranty Trust Company.
The total withdrawn for the same purpose
passed the $25,000,000 limit set by the Secre-
tary before it was announced that he had
removed the limit, and is now $32,870,000,
Transfers to San Franciaco by the Sub-
Treasury yesterday were $3,420,000, making
a total of $22,645,000 sent in this way to that
city eince the earthquake.

 

 

 

SMOKE NUISANCE PLEAS.

 

Soap Man Says Gullty and Puts tn a @moke
Consumer—Others Will Make a Fight.

The first “smoke nuisance” case came
up for trial in Special Seasions yesterday.
Frank Burke, proprietor of the Manhattan
Soap Company of 550 West Thirty-sixth
street, the first offender arrested in the
present movement, was not in court and his
counsel, Alfred J. Talley, entered @ plea of
guilty.

Mr. Talley told the Court that his client
had installed a amoke consuming appliance
at the factory and that the nuisance was
abated. Judge Olmsted reserved decision
and adjourned the oase one week. At that
time, if the plea of gualty ie not withdrawn,
sentence will be imposed.

About seventy other cases of amoke
violations were on the calendar for plead;
ing. A majority of the defendants pleaded
not guilty. Among the cases were those
against the Interborough Rapid Transit
Company, the New York Edison Company
and Mtr. Stokes of the Ansonia Hotel.

Commissioner Darlington said last night
that there were three or four cases of vio-
lation of the law against Mr. Stokes. It is
alleged that his chimneys still emoke as
badly as ever. Dr. Darlington said that he
had instructed his men to go right ahead
counting cases as long a8 anybody's chim-
ne,s continued to smoke.

 

Coastwise Quarantine Opens.
The quarantine season for coastwise
vessels from porte south of Cape Henlopen
opened yesterday.

 

 

Cafled “The Honest Dentifrice”
because through sixty years no
honest effort has been spared to give
to the public a Dentifrice that the
teeth require. It is an Alkaline,
slightly astringent, deliciously fra-
grant deodorizer and tonic for the
tooth and mouth structure. It is
your loss if you are not using it.

 

 

|

i"

UESDAY.” WAY

There is something
radically wrong in a con-
cern where heads of depert-
mente are tinkering with routine
while competitors are after live
business
Our syetem of vertical filing
saves the high priced braine in
your business for the epecial
thinking and quick doing which
anunt biggest

Library Bureau
Card and filing syeteme

116 Broadway
AAA OLY A LI LEONE REEL COTE
HOLDS Wid Jon FOR 4 WONTH,

Witney G@enttary Capert Weren't Het
Wealth Office tn Jersey (ley

At leat night's meeting of the Jerse
City Roard of Realth @ feaciution xa
tinanimously adopted reanpeinting Meni-
tary Offer Henry Smetiie for one month
The Commissioners recently voted to bounce
Smeliie on May | and advertised for rani-
tary experts to file applications for the job

The physiciana in the board made up
their minds last week to appoint Louie J
Richards, a sanitary officer of Elizabeth,

 

and Commissioner William Deleney, an un- |

dertaker, thwarted their plane by walking
out of the meeting, breaking a quorum.
He announced he would not stand for the
employment of anybody who did not vote in
Jeresy City

Mr. Richards sent a telegram to Dr F. |

D. Gray, president of the board, yeaterday

| withdrawing his application, and the Com-

missioners decided to continue Smellie in
office until they can select his successor
Meanwhile Delaney proposes to hustle for
a home talent candidate

CLUB CARETAKER KILLED.

Escaped Gas Filled the louse and Ex.
ploded When He Entered the Place.

Nortnport, L, 1., April 3—Emmet
L’Hommedieu, who was employed aa care-
taker of the Massapequa (lub, Smithtown,
waa killed iast night as he started to enter
the clubhouse building. He was carrying
a lighted lantern. As soon as he stepped
inside the door an explosion followed, and
the body of L'Hommedieu was thrown a
distance of 200 feet

The clubhouse building was

equipped |

with a city line gas Plant, and this in some

way got out of order so that the gas escaped

 

Funds Raised by the Mayor and Red Cross |

Society Amount to Over 8888 000.
Nearly $10,000 was received yesterday
at the Mayor's office for the San Francisco
sufferers The subscriptions included
$5,602, the receipts of the baseball game
played on Sunday between the New York
and Philadelphia teams of the American

| League and $1,000 from McKim, Mead &

White.

A meeting of the Mayor's relief com-
mittee was held yesterday in the City Hall.
It was announced that the total amount
of contributions to the Mayor's and Red
Cross funds was over $888,000. Of this
sum $500,000 has already heen forwarded
to San Francisco.

The Merchants’ Association relief com-
mittee wired James D. Phelan. chairman
of the finance committee of the citizens’
committee, yesterday that Gustav H.
Schwab, treasurer of the committee, was
depositing $190,000 with the Sub-Treasury
for telegraphic transfer to San Francisco,
subject to draft. The total fund raised
by the association to date amounts to $177,-
851.

97, yesterday's reese he being
$3,620.11. The United States Rubber Com-
pany eubecribed $1,000 to the fund yes-
terday.

THE Stun received poaieice $25 which
was collected in the office of H, I. Dittman
& Co.

TO REVISE TAX LAWS,

Gov. Higgins Signs the Bill Providing for
a Legislative Commission.

AusBanNy, April 30—CGov. Higgins has

| signed Assemblyman Wade's bill creating

a commission of fifteen members to 1. vea-
tigate as to the expediency of revising
the tax laws to establish a more eq })lsya-
tem of raising money; f r pu lio reve ues
in this State

The commiasicn is to be composed of five
persons to be appointed by the Governor,
five by the President of the Senate and five
by the Speaker of the As-embly, The c m-

mission is to report to the Legislature before |

January 15,1907, Ita members are to serve
without compensation and $25,000 is appro-

riated for its expenses. This law carries
nto effect recommendations made by Gov.
Figgins in his annual message to the Legis-
ature. ,

 

Gov. Higgins Thinks an Extra Session Will |

Not Be Necessary.

Ausany, April 80.—Gov, Higgins was
asked to-day if he oonsidered an extra
neasion of the Legislature probable, in view
of the tangle over advancing the recording

Mortgage Tax bill, and deolared that euch |

a session was not probable. He said he
had not been asked to oall an extra seasion,

though the matter had been called to his |

attention by legislators. He said he hoped
to see the present session accomplish every-
thing necessary.

ANY ONE KNOW BAUMGARTE:?-?

Came te This Country in 2860 and His
Family Is Looking for Him.
Mayor George H. Steil of Hoboken re-
ceived yesterday this letter from Madeline
Baumgarten of 132 East Ninety-sixth street,
New York city:
“T am from Hanover, Germany, and am

searching for my father Louis Baumgar-
ten who emigrated from Germany in 1860
n

 

‘and were again unsuccessful

"ALL MIGHT BANK OPENS UP.|

| 49 2.000 VISITORS AND S140.000 |

 

‘Y PEPORTS.

ws

The Brash Clah Gnereede in Opening Fire
tecount With Great Papenditare of
tessenger feve Metars of Ranplovers
Time Cove 0 (eet for @uadey Oniy.

"Mun mar come and mun mar go, hut
1 ao on forewer” @aa eat a meditative
man wee overheard seeing fo Nieneelf a
he looked up af the @ehite marhie front of
the new Night and Pee Rank whieh opened
ite deere for hueinem at Fifth avenne and
Forte fourth etrent at 40 clock leat ntehe
Monee #na indeed coming if, (henge) (here
en Het much of ff going cut ae pet

After businers bad been ain of for an

howe of a, there came «a eliaht fall, thet
agave the offieers time fo aet fogetuer and
foot up the depoaite, They annonnend

that depeoaita thue far totalled aemething
over $1.00

The rook, a club that numbers among
ite members eevers! directora of the naw
hank, @ae very eager to enter the fire de-
posit, About @ o'clock In the morning 4
huaky locking messenger boy toot hie atand
hefore the door with inetruetions net to let
anybody get in ahead of him. Ae the day
wore on, ebifta of measenger hove reliever
each other and kept the coveted place
against old gentlemen with bank rolls
ladien with their shopping money and all
other possible comers

At 4 o'clock the doora were thrown open
not for business vet, but to receive the
friends of the inatitution and show them
things. About two thousand people tn all
went in This, the prejeetors said, should
mean siicomesa for the bank, if they were all
friends The faithful messenger bor was
aubmerged once or twioe, but eling to hia
post by the tellers window

GM. Wenkoop, the viee-president, who
was a cowboy in hie younger days and
knows how to handle flocka of depositors
met the visitora and showed them the mafe
deposit vaulta, which have a massive door
with a quadruple tine lock, though they
atay open all the time. He also explained
the relay system used among the employees,
by which each man works eight hours out
of the twenty-four, and ia then replaced by
another who takea up the entriea where
he left thern

The heed cashier gomes on around 3
o'clock, at the hour when the ordinary
eashier is iuat beginning to wonder what
time he can get away, and eatays on until!
midnight.

* This indicates," said Mr. Hill, one of the
bank officers, “just about when we expect
our rush hours.”

About opening time a man made his way

through the crowd with a huge bouquet of
roses from the Commercial Trust Company
of St. Louis. Interest in the new enter

prise is very keen throughout the country

SAFE ROBBERS FAIL.

MORE MONEY FOR SUFFERERS. | Fifth Attempt Made to Hob the Post Office

In Mineola.
Mrxgora, L. |., April 8)—For the fifth
time within a few months thieves made an

attempt to reb the post office at this place
The work in

| each case has been about the same and it is

SES NE Er eee EE EEE rar EEEE ene ESE oer EEE oeEEEEEEETeeiEeaee eee ieee

 

| New Yor

| Her husband,
| Asbury

the general opinion that it is the work of
the same persons. The safe was wrecked
last night, but had not been opened

It is no doubt the work of the same men
who last week entered the home of Michael
Valencipkofs at Floral Park during his
absence and throwing a large safe from
the second story window blew it open and
robbed it of $4,500.

A man who lives next door to the post
office shot at the thieves just after the ex-
plosion

 

OBITUARY.

Charles Chauncey Allen, a former member
of the New York Stock Exchange, clied vere
terday at his home, 163 West Fighty-fifth
street, ae the result of an operation pere
formed about two years ago. He was born in
Philadelphia June 4, 1835, and moved to New
York in 1861, where he founded the firm of
c. ¢. Allen & Co., brokers. The firm was
active during the civil war, managing the
Oakes Ames gold pool. He was an early
member of the Open Board of Brokers. [n
1889 he xecurecl a geat on the New York Stock
Exehange, and inthat vear, whilea member of
thefirmotW F. Livermored(o.,
the firm int!.epanic of Black Friday, Septeme
ber 24, 1860. Aftera protracted legal fight he
succeeded in compelling Jay Gould to make
restitution of the funds the firm lost in the
crash. It is said that this is the only instance
of the kind in the history of the panic. In
1897 he sold his seat Mr. Allen was promi-
nent in Jewish charities and was a member
of several Masonic orders.

Mrs. Jane Wo Crans, widow of Fernando
Crans, died yesterday at her home, 113 North
Grove street, East Orange, in her ninety. flth
year. She Was born in Grove street, which
at that time was called Whiskey lane, and
for seventyefive years had lived at Grove and
New streets. She Was a charter member of
the Munn Avenue Presbyterian Church, and
until her last illness Waa a regular attendant
at the services. Her husband died saventren
years ago. She leaves two children, Mrs
‘Addie C. Adams and Miss Julia D. Crans,
Her only son was the late Lewis D. Crans
Mra. Crans came from a long lived family,
Her mother lived to be 90 years old. One of
her brothers is Matthias M. Dodd of Kast
Orange, Who is in his ninety-second year,
another ia Bethule L, Dodd of Newark, and

 

still another is Mre. Lydia Runyon, 90 years |

old, of Newark.

Mrs. Louica A. Morehead, widow of Gen,
Turner G. Morehead, a veteran of the Mexican
War, died yesterday in Asbury Park. She
was 73 vears old and attracted considerable
notice during the civil war asa hospital nurse,
who was an early settler in
Park, died there thirteen years ago,
‘A daughter, Belle, who lived with Mre. More:
head, and one son, Gustavus K. Morehead
of 2011 North Twenty-second etreet, Phila-
delphia, survive

Frederic Wimmer, who waa active in the
revolutionary movement {in Germany, died
on Sunday, at his home, 642 Gates avenue,
Brooklyn, in his eighty-third year. Hea
came to thia country in 1849 with Carl Schurz
and Prof. Abraham Jacobi. He was School
Commissioner in the old Fourth

k city for many years, He 1

| five sons and two daughters,

and has not found up to date. As l.
found out that he had settled in Hoboken
and probably worked at_ his trade as up-

holsterer and decorator, I beg leave to ask
you to kindly find out if my father is alive
or dead. You will do a great favor to
myself and his whole family who did not
hear anything from him since then.”

 

 

Mouldere Strike in Pennsylvania.
ScRANTON, Pa., April 30.—To establish the
nine hour day at the same rate of wages
paid for a ten hour day, namely, $2.75,

all the moulders between Honesdale and |

Tamaqua, except the employees of the
Delahunty Machine Shopa and the Vulcan
Iron Works, went on strike this morning.
About 200 men in this city alone are affected
by the atrike order and about 800 through.
out the whole district.

The machinists’ union appears to be at
the point of ordering a sympathy atrike
and the patternmakers’ union will decide
to-morrow night whether they will make
patterns for non-union moulders,

 

Preacher Retarns & Baseball Pass.

The Rev. William ©. O'Donnell, pastor
of the West Side Avenue Methodist Church
in Jersey City, has returned to Robert
Da. is a season pass for the Jersey City
Eastern League baseball games at West
side Park he pass had been sent to
the minister with the compliments of the
Democratic leader, who is one of the owners
of the loaal team. Mr. O'Donnell ad-
mitted that he was indignant because a

| game wae played at the park on Sunday.

  

|
|
|
|

Mre. Keziah Dockstader, one of the oldest
residents of Fulton county, died Sunday at
the age of 95 years. her
advanced age, she
faculties to a remarkable

Notwithstanding
retained

degree. She is

gurvived by six children, twenty-three grand: |

children and seven great grandchildren.

Charles Webster Smith, 4 veteran plano
mantfacturer, died on Saturday at his home,
410 Madison street, Brooklyn, in his seventy-
second year. He leaves a widow, two sons

and a daughter.
Henry C. Rouse, president of the Missouri,
‘aneas and Texas Railroad,
t his home in Cleveland. The
eath was pneumonia
years old.

died yesterday
cause of

He was about 60

 

Welch's
GrapeJuice

on draught at soda fountains
or in bottles at drug stores
and groceries, is che same
pure, refreshing juice you get
trom the choicest Concord
grapes in season, A contin-
ual supply in vour home ts
like owning a fine vineyard
that yields the vear around.
A glasstul of Welch's at bed-
time brings refreshing, sleep.

q

‘

‘

Sold by druggists and rs
evers where rite ve for

ook of receipes V Rr
Juice Co, W Pa heid. ehh.

tried to save |

ward in,
eaves |

her mental |

| vty ‘ot andfinfi

’

 
  
 
  

RYE

Crop of 1895

Sold in glass only
NEW YORK & KENTUCKY CO, :

 

 

 

Mellowed by Ten Years
Repose in the Wood

and growing in popularity hecawse of |
flavor, mellowness and etrenurh

 

te

 
    

S

%

Sole Proprietor

neers

CARL H. SCHULT2Z’S

well-known, pure and correct Artificial Mineral Waters, pre-
pared from Distilled Water, conform in composition and medi-

cal actions to the natural springs, and are preferred

to them.

 
 

 

Natural waters jose thetr origital virtues moreor less ioved
from thelr sources. while artiic 4] waters manuf redt pres ‘
aire of carbonic acid gas remain Intact In all tuclr ing

ARTIFICIAL VICHY, SELTERS, DOUBLE CARLSBAD,

BAD, KISSINGEN. PULLNA, EMS, HOMBUKG, PYRMONT, WILe

DUNGEN, SCHWALBACH, LITHIA WATER, LITHIA-VICHY, LL

THIA-CARLSBAD, LITHIA-SELTERS, IRON WATER, CAR BONIC, Etc.
In Siphons; also in Bottles for Out of Town Delivery.

CLUB SODA and GINGER ALE, SUPERIOR TO IMPORTED.

Telephone. 3120 Madison Square.

MARIEN-

140-444 FIRST AVE., NEW YORK CITY.

   

 

RESCUED BY HUMAN CHAIN.
_ Pollee and Firemen Save a Widow and
Her Boarders From Death at a Fire.

A kerosene lamp exploded in the dwelling |

‘of Mrs. Bettie Jost, a two story and baee-
ment frame building at 184 North First
street, Williamsburg, early yesterday morn-
ing. Mrs. Jost is a widow and has two small
children, one of whom is in the Williame-
burg hospital. She has five boarders,
| Thomas Murray, Frederick Kabel, Rudolph
Pfender, Gustav Romberg and Christian
! Herman. The boarders slept on the second
) floor and Mra. Jost, with her five-year-old

| son, Fritz, in the back parlor. The amp
which exploded was in the front parlor.
Sergeant Lyons was behind the desk in

the Bedford avenue police station, half a |
| block from Mra. Joat’s house at 4A. M. yes- |

terday, watching the lightning's
when he saw a sneet of flame shootin

house. He summoned Roundsmen Ken-
mure and Masterson and Policoman Fitagib-

bon, who, when they reached the dwelling, |

found escape by the front door cut off by

smoke, Murray, who had been among the

firet to be aroused by the fire lay uncon-
| scious from the amoke half way out from
an open window, The policemen formed a
human chain by climbing upon each other
| to the second story and Murray wae rescued.

Meanwhile Deputy Fire Chief Burne,
whose headquarters are opposite the
widow's house, with Firemen Golden and
McArdle, made their way into the burning
building and first rescued Mrs. Jost and her
son. Tney were insensible. Then firemen
went to the eecond story and dragged out
the other four boarders, all of whom were
semi-oonecious. All the ocoupanta were
carried into Deputy Fire Chief Burns's
headquartera and revived. The fire did
$1,000 damage.

Two years ago yesterday Mrs. Jost's hus-
band's body was cremated at Fresh Pond.
She had his ashes in an urn in her home,
Yesterday's fire destroyed the urn and acat-
tered its contents.

NINE M. 0. INDICTMENTS

Based on the Bogus Signatures to Hearst
Mayoralty Petition.

Nine indictments were filed by the Grand
Jury yesterday as a result of its investi-
gation of the “signatures” to the petition
that nominated William R. Hearat for
Mayor, on which there were 6,500 names.
It could not be learned yesterday that
the “man higher up,” whom the District
Attorney's office has been seeking, had
been caught, but it is understood that it
is hoped to get enough evidence against
| him to indict.

The warrants for the arrest of the de-
fendants were not served yesterday, as
| most of the defendants have promised to
| be in court this pereae

It is understood that jamin M, Gold-
berger, the commissioner of deeds who
has confessed that he had charge of the
scheme of getting up the prvitiens, has been
indicted for forgery. he investigation
also concerned four notaries who were ar-
rested last fall. Men who were brought
into the investigation were Max Eckmann,
who was nominated for Assemblyman by
the Municipal Ownership League in the
Twelfth Assembly district, and J. J, Smith,

 

 

district. It was brought out that many of

ranks, ,
, out |
| from the parlor windows of the widow's ,

 

— — —

the Alderman from the Twelfth Assembly |

the petitions were made yp at the head- |

uarters of the Republican organization of

the Twelfth, where Jacob A. Newstead is |

the Odell leader

 

} The Seagoers.

Among those to sail this morning for
Bremen on the steamship Grosser Kur-

| furst are

{ Prof G 8 Fullerton, Mra. Fullerton, S F
Knox, Mrs. Knox, C. PF. Lange and Mra,
Lange.

Bodked to sail for Liverpoo! on the Teu-
tonic are:

The Rev. George C Currie, E
Mias Carolina Webster and Wt
Arrived vesterday on the

from London
H oH. Armstead, Capt. HJ) Carter, Nelie
tah Hawkins, Go te Arthur Johnsor
1 7. Lamb, Charles J. Parker, F GP!
lester Vibberts, Carl Strakoech, Clara
Kellogg Stra ko}

Weeks
Minnehaha

and Many Burned by
Veetai

 

Teo hilled Motten

whe QuICca ge; 1,.80.-- Fifty tond of molt)

“foetal burating “from 4 converter ip the
‘Tilinoig Stee) Company's plant to-day f
in a-shower over 100 laborers,” burniny
two men foe Paap corey forall Woy

cting serices naris eo
others, pita
ie era

“ eee ee greet tree tie,

Spencer Hall,

A

XX

\

. ZE

ON AND OFF
LIKE A COAT

That is the point in
COAT SHIRTS

These garments have the attractive feetures of
custom shirts but they cost much leas
ln white and color-tast fabrics.

61.50 and more
CLUETT, PEABODY 4 CO.
Largest Makers of Collare and Shirts in the World,

  

 
   

  

      

 
 

      
   
   
 

 

  

Accused of Selling Adnoiterated Candy.
August Saril, of the candy manufacturing

firm of Greentield, Son & Co. of 44

street, was arrested yesterday on ac
of selling candy rasnberries which
paraffin and coal tardyes. The Health Dee

Perumant is the comriainant. The de»
endant waa parolled for examination en
May 4.

COISFIGURED
WITH ECZEMA

Brushed Scales from Face Like Powe
der—Under Physicians Six Months
But Grew Worse—Some Said
Face Would Be Marked for-Life-=
Now Without a Blemish,

CUTICURA REMEDIES
WORK WONDERS,

‘As T was a sufferer with eczema
I write to tell you what a great friend
I found in Cuticura Remedies. In
six months I had
tried three doctors,
but did not get any
better. It was on
my body and on my
fect so thick that

eee I could hardly put
es @ pin on me with
aM out touching eo.
A ‘car |( F “vema. My face was
covered, my eyebrows came out, and
then it got in my eye. I then went to
another doctor. He asked me what
I was taking for it, and I told him
Cuticura. He said that wos a v
good thing. but that he thought that
my face would be marked for life. But
Cuticura did its work and my face ip
now jus as cleer as it ever was.

“My brother-in-law told me about
the wonderful Cuticura remedies,
I took his advice and got the Ointment,
Soap, and Resolvent. I washed with
the Cuticura Soap and then applied
the Ointment, and took Cuticura
Resolvent as directed. In a short
time niy face began to get better, and

   

 

 

 

    
  

when hed taken one bottle of
Reso!vent IT could brush the scales
off riv face like a powder, When I
lad taken four bottles my face was ae
‘ rT as ever
| told all my friends about mg
re. ‘e cure 1 feel so thankful
I rybody far and wide to
know wh ( ra can dl It is a
f ( ned) Mra
} C Place
Cama 5,4 :
ony
) ’
a ‘ Kewrts
’ .
eo act

oe” dia

end