iv

ci ace ee arn lg er ee Se ee eee ae re ab " 7 r Hl ar ; 7 j = ao
GAID BE WAS AND THE
puRroLAaR ALIOWED FOR IT,

  
 
    
      
     
 
 
  

   
    

 
  

  
 
 

| Carn where heads of depart | WAS 2,000 VISITORS AND $140,000 |
BEFORK ANNOUNCEMENT. | mente are tinkering with routine | IN DEPOSITS.

Repose in the Wood

and growing In popularity because of itv exquisite
flavor, miiowness and strength

       
  
 

pone ave oudte wot merrucray | phase of building work,

queer Borgier in @ Brookive Home | the original plans to the small-
est

  

 

 

   
   

The Bronk Tint Ruerredts in Opening Mice

 

* Ufeokh Geme Pander end Then Left,

fheorae &. Cale, a well to do tanner living

g@ ist Bainbridge street, Brooklyn, saye it HOGGSON BROTHERS *

er more waye than one to be @ Mason. COMTRACTING DESIGNERS thinking end quick doing which nan was overheard saving to bimeolf
count biggest. | he looked up at the white marble front

the new Night and fwy Hank which opened
Library Bureau

Card and filing systems

man eho entered Mr Cale'a bert room
ate sinc yeatetday moring with «
qrewn revolver aad @ bull's eve lantern, if
ble opinion could be got, would probably
aptees himeel? different iv
Mr ood Mre. Gale aleep in @ rear room
@ the recon’ floor of their three story
house, Their elaht-vear-old eon waa elaep-
in the aarme room yeetarday morming.
gad Marauerite.a Afteen-year-old daughter,
wee on fhe third floor
The farce thunderstorm ehortly before
6 o'clork frightened Marguerite, and ehe
galled out, half saleep, to her father and
gother They went to the foot of the etaira
ged quieted her making enough notse
for anybody oD ‘hea eecond floor to hear

a
filistlt
eeltstte ti
lit
HUHHE

?
|

Spertal Cable Deepen to Tae Son

Lompow, April 0.—The satement of the
tudget wre read in the House of Commone
to-day by Mr. Asquith, the Chanceller of the
ERachequer. ft showed @ aurplue for the
leat year of £3,466,000.

The Government's plane for raisin
revenue involve no reduction in the
on qugar, but provide for @ reduction of
one penny on tea, to take effect on July 1
next. A custome revenue of £414,000 will
be left for contingencies

The income tas is to remain, and the
House will be aeked to appoint a epectal
coramittes to inquire into @ plan for grade-
ating and differentiating it. The report
duty on onal is to be repealed and 24 pence
{fe taken off the duty on atripped tobacce.

The expenditures for the current year
bed he caught sight of a figure crouching im | are estimated at £141,786,000. The esti-
the doorway mated revenue is £144,860,000, leaving @

*What are vou doing here’* carted Gale, | surplus of £3,074,000. Of the surplus £500-
@arting up in bed 000 will be applied to the reduction of the

There wae a click aa the dark elide of the | national debt, and £166,000 will go to the
ntern was released and a bright light | Board of Education asa temporary provi-
fashed into Gale's face, blinding him for | sion for necessitous school districts.
a moment. The intruder, still crouching, Mr. Asquith said that the oversea trade
edvanced quickly to the bee. holding his | of the country had reached a point never

ro in one na an ‘wn revoiver 6zporte reached

ihe other He was on Mrs. Gale's side alae ane The me
a the bed and when he spoke again he was 000, an increase of 28 per cent. over
$0 close that she could have touched him thoes of 1900, taking that ae a standard year.
with her hand } There had been a steady diminution in the

*Keep quiet, and there'll be no harm | revenue from spirits, beer and wine. The

"said he “But if either of you move post affice receipts were 21,000,000 in exoeas

of those of the preceding year.

) be obliged to blaze mab
JAPAN'S WAR HEROES PARADE.

Gale had been frightened epeech-
ee she came to herself when her

Emperor, Ciad in Khaki, Beviews the
Veterans in Tokio.

moved slightly. She said last
Laat ite bar apelagerte Way Ise wiien
and ra C
Se Lirpler addressed them. He was
my rel Otc, demerit aie be reese Ca Despeien te Tae Sew.

, April 80.—The Emperor to-day
held a grand review of the victorious army.
The weather was perfect. Wield Marshal
Oyama, 2,124 officers and 81,208 men, repre-
senting seventeen divisions, took part in
the review. All, including the Emperor,
wore khaki service uniforms, which de-
tracted from the picturesqueness of the
occasion, but emphasized the Japanese

ideals of effectiveness and unostentation.
The battle shredded colors were carried
by the various regiments. Fifty thousand
wives and children of fallen soldiers added 81,000 orseventeen days
to the impressiveness of the scene. Tor Jouteen cere. ot 500,000 secured,
Trophies of the war were placed in the eighteen gays ago, and the Hanover Na-

gate. They in- | tiona use of $1,000,000 for thirteen
care Rarene p07 ree ; 9 days and atill bas $1,000,000 secured eighteen

cluded 511 guns, 70,000 rifles, 1,280 swords, aa a
and spears, and 8,162 wagons. or = to figure out any natural trade
Subsequently the Emperor addressed a gold import point,” said ae fore! banker
rescript to Field Marshal Oyama compli- yesterday, sappeare to uivalent to cal~
0"

be
ng the Secre' will permit
menting the army upon ite services. at Geep ti Bove nt money.

The only disappointment was the absence they can keep it long enough they can im-

hour or
gave the officers time to get together and
foot up
that deposite thus far totalled anmet

ffi E
rl
it
uf
rile
tT
g
|
38

"—. had been back in bed about ten
gisutes and were dosing off when Mrs.
Gale heard a creaking in an adjoining

&he listened and everything wae
gill again. Then there wae some more
qeaking. and Mrs Gale aroused her hus-

=

dent, but not « policy, and would be
lowed only when in the judgment of the
Secretary conditions warranted. Now, Wall

i it's only a mouse,” eaid he, yawning street bankers believed yesterday, the order

gad rolling over But as he turned in the

if
E
Hy
Ei

Thean success

=

3
BSR

z
Bs

office until they can eslect his eucoessor.
Meanwhile Delaney proposes to hustle for
a home talent candidate.

OLUB CARETAKER KILLED.

Escaped Gas Filled the House and Ex-
pleded When He Entered the Pisce.

Nowraporr, L. I., April 30.—Emmet
L’'Hommedieu, who was employed as care-
taker of the Massapequa Club, Smithtown,
was killed last night as he started to enter
the clubhouse building. He was carrying
@ lighted lantern. As soon as he stepped
inside the door an explosion followed, and
the body of L'Hommedieu was thrown a
distance of 200 feet.

The clubhouse building was equipped
with a city line gas plant, and this in somes
way got out of order so that the gas escaped
and caused the exPlosion.

x33 EE Ee £

with a quaeres time lock, though the,

time. He aleo explained |

the relay aystem used among the employees, |
y which each man works sight hours out

the twenty-four, and is then replaced by |

acta Nee takes up the entries where

 

 
 

Crop of 1895S
Sold in giass only.

NEW YORK & KENTUCKY CO., - Sole Proprietor

jLtz’s

   

banks get the money whee they smoly

          
  

 
   

 

o'clock, at the hour when the ry
cashier is just beginning to wonder what |
he can get away, and stays on until |

me CARL H. SGHU

“This indicates,” said Mr. Hill, one of the
bank officers, “just about when we expect

well-known, and correct Artificial Mineral Waters, pre-
pared from Distilled Water, conform in composition and medi-

our rush hours.”
bout opening time a man made his |

cal actions to the natural springs, and are preferred to them.

“Natural waters lose thetr original virtues more or less when removed

A
re the crowd with a huge bouquet of |
ses from the Commeroial Trust Company |
from their sources, while artifcial waters manufactured under pres
sure of carbonic acid gas remain intact in aj) thelr ingredients.’

of St. Louis. Interest in the new enter: |
prise is very keen throughout the gountry
SAFE ROBBERS FAIL.
ae ARTIFICIAL VICHY, SELTERS, DOUBLE CARLSBAD, MARIEN.-
Ditth Attempt Made to Reb the Post Odise BAD, KISSINGEN, PULLNA, EMS, HOMBURG, PYRMONT, WIL.
DUNGEN, SCHWALBAGH, LITHIA WATER, LITHIA-VICHY, LI.
THIA AD, LITHIA-SELTERS, IRON WATER, CARBONIC, Etc,

In Siphons; also in Bottles for Out of Town Delivery.

GLUB SODA and GINGER ALE, SUPERIOR 10 IMPORTED.

Telephone, 3420 Madison Square. 130-444 FIRST AVE... NEW YORK CITY.

  

    
 
  
 
  
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
   
    
   
   
    
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
    
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  

 

 

 

 

follows:

National City Bank took $5,000,000 April 12,
replaced it April 26 (14 days); National City
Bank took $5,000,000 April 18, replaced $1,500,-
000 April 27 (14 days) and $1,000,000 April 80
(17 days). Still has $2,500,000.

Hanover National took $2,000,000 april 18,
replaced $1,000,000 April 26 (13 days). Still
has $1,000,000.

National Bank of Commerce took $1,100,000
April 17, replaced it April 25 (8 days).

Accordingly, while the National Bank of
Commerce the free use of Government
money but eight days, the City Bank had the
use of $5,000,000 for fourteen days, $1,500,000

to plead with him, es

dren.
*Take anything,” she scricd, “but don’t

 
    

 

 
 
   

harm us.

The intruder, keeping Mr. Gale covered
with his revolver and lantern, declared
that he had no desire to kill, that every-

in the house was as safe as could
{ they only refrained from makin
a disturbance. He merely had to prot
his own right of life, and that he intended
to do, even if he had to sacrifice somebody

   

 

MORE MONEY FOR SUFFERERS.

Funds Raised by the Mayer and Red Cross
Gociety Amount to Over 6888 000.

Nearly $10,000 was received yesterday

   

tn Mineola,

Mrxzoua, L. I., April 8).—For the, fifth
time within a few months thieves made an
attempt to rob the post office at this place
at the Mayor's office for the San Francisco | and were again unsuccessful. The work in
sufferere. The subscriptions included | each case has been about the same and it is

|
$5,602, the receipts of the baseball game general opinion that it is the work of

z

 

      
  

F

 
   
 

After that there was nothing doing for
Mr. Gale inthe hero line. His wife wouldn't
him move an inch, and the burglar went
ly to work, still, however, keeping
the husband covered with his revolver.

He took Mr. Gale's trousers off the foot

the bed and went, through the ets.

t netted him a small amount of change
and a eather case, which looked as though
{t might contain something valuable, but
which feally held a bunch of keys.

The burglar was starting on the tanner's
coat and waistcoat when he noticed that
Mr. Gale's right hand was under his pillow.

 

|
Stegcceticctisi?. ©: ©
ag
z

i

 

played on Sunday between the New York | the same persons. The safe was wrecked

Phila teams erican | last night, but had not been opened.
pte Oe ae from Cokin ind & It iano doubt the work of the same men RESCUED BY HUMAN CHAIN.

Whi who last week entered the home of Michael an

te. Valencipkofs at Floral Park during his | Police and Firemen Gave & Widow and
A meeting of the Mayor's relief com- | absence and throwing a large safe from Her Boarders From Death at a Fire.

mittee was held yesterday in the City Hall.

the second story window biew it open and
It was announced that the tota! amount | robbed it of $4,600. A kerosene lamp exploded in the dwelling
of contributions to the Mayor's and Red

AN)

\

A man who iiven peat door to the post | of Mrs. Bettie Jost, a two story and base-
Cross funds was over $888,000. Of this office shot at,the thieves just after the ex- | ment frame building at 184 North First

 

Evidently he thought Gale was reaching | o¢ the losion,

} cal Empress, whose health has not been | port gold ve bly no matter what | sum $500,000 has already been forwarded | ° street, Williamsburg, early yesterday morn-

BURY le your Rachie ere ly good lately. he vise tor bil of exchange or what the | t San Francisco. : OBITUARY. ing. Mrs. Jost is a.widow and has two ema}!
The Merchants’ relief com- ohildren, one of whor is in the Williame-

 

 

mium on bar gold. Formerly we
days as a very liberal allowance
ot ten days ry

NATAL CONV }
oe LTT seeee for loss of interest on gold in
t ie, burglar, as Chief Bambata Tries to Keep Supplies he tee day period apparently cute very
advance a step or two wit ve eachin i ansell. figure .

revolver. Gale complied and the light ero © 5 oa. M ! Assistant Treasurer Fish said yesterday
from the bull's eye lantern discl a Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tas Sox. that the Secretary de on using
diamond ring on Gale's finger. The stone Dornan, Natal, April 20.—Chief Bam- | all reasonable expedition in bringing over
Was a good sized one. bata’s' men to-day attacked the escort | the gold. In case they took undue liberties,

5 te t aid, he should report it at Washington.
Give me that ring!" commanded the | acoompanying a convoy which was taking ” Ber Oe aerel alae thas some of the

Gale made a move as ough to sit up in
the bed. His wife clung to him.

“Place your hands on the bed and be
grulck about it,” ordered the burglar, as

Charles Chauncey Allen, a former member | burg hospital. She has five boarders,
of the New York Stock Exchange, died yese | Thomas Murray, Frederick Kabel, Rudolph:
terday at his home, 168 West Fighty-fifth | Pfender, Gustav Romberg and Christian
pereety on one result of an eee py Herman. The boarders slept on the second

rmed about two yearsago. He was born in} foor and Mrs. Jost, with her five-year-old
ork ip eet, whers Wet dunded the ftra of | #02, Fritz, in the baok parlor. The lamp
ne Allen & Co., brokers. The firm was | Which exploded was in the front parlor.
active during the civil war, managing the Sergeant Lyons was behind the desk in

n
mittee wired James D. Phelan, chairman
of the finance committee of the citizens’
committee, yesterday that Gustav H.
sepotig tsi Si te Bub eary
ng 5 ©

for telegraphic er to San Francisco
subject to draft. The teat tues raised
by the aseociation to date amounts to $177,-

1.97, yesterday's subscriptions being

 

$8,620.11. The United States Rubber Com- akes Ames gold pool. He wpe an early | the ford avenue police station, half a

 

firm inthe panio of Bla
ar 24 1800. ‘After @ protracted legal fight he | house. He summoned Roundsmen Ken-

ng Jay Gould to make | mureand Masterson and Policeman Fitzgib-

“Give it to me,” ordered the man with
un.
Gale drew it from his finger and started

r. visions to Col. Mansell'a field foroe.
* di t of it? It be | Pro money replaced was not credited as re- gubsoribed $1,000 to the fund G mes peceett .
idan eg Sativa , idasoeio Fine,” No details of the affair have yet been re- plnced Bes re ‘Sub-Treasury, for the reason ! yea- member & ene pen aed oF kere. 5 block roe pare, Some s house at $2 M, yes COAT SHIRTS
taid Gale ceived bore. that it took the employees a day to count THE Spr received Zomerdey $25 which kzchange, and, 'p tbat yoar, wales pera o when te baw & apaer of ee nF ectin out jus hs here the ote te, feanegey of
it. The force has been working overtime wee collected in the office of H. I. Dittman | the firmof WF. Livermore & wakes Sepreme | from the patlor windows of the widow's onde asst solace tebetes

& Co. 61,50 and more
CLUETT, PEABODY 4 CO.

Largert Makers of Collars and Shirts ia the World.

PREMIER WITTE QUITS CABINET. | since the heavy money movements began
and has been Unable in some cases to get

Crar Gald to Have Accepted His Resigna: | the gold counted on the day it is received...

 

succeeded in compe

 

TO REVISE TAX LAWS. restitution of the funds the firm lost in the | bon, who, when they resched the dwelling,

 

 

Peects banks anh He sean poke Yesterday th as a total of $3,400,000 h. It is said that this is the only inst
m his hand, evidently fearing che tion, Many Times Offered. este y there w 1400, orash. 8 64 at 8 is the only ins anv. found escape by the front door cut off by
wi th b-Treaaury on y of the panic. In
wy, Spectal Cable Despatch to Tam Sux thdrawn from the Sub-T 40- | Goy, Higgins Signa the Bill Providing for | °fpi klnd tn the history of ce i | smoke, Murray, who had been among the
Throw it on the bed!" he said. ae er. count of gold imports, the City Bank taking i 1807 he sald his seat. Mr. Allen waa promi: | AmOMe. 0 Uti y by the fire lay uncon-
a Legisiative Commission. nent in Jewish charities and was a member | first. t from the amoke bale way out from

Sr. Perenssvra, April 90.—A member of | 99,900,000, the Firat National, $1,000,000 for
Count Witte’s family to-day informed Tas ad Freres and the bank of Commerce, SERYSTDD bah STE

Sun correspondent that the Emperor had | $400,000 for the Guaranty Trust Company.
pted i total withdrawn for the same purpose
aocepted Witte's resignation as Premier, — | Ta 22th o"830,000,000 limit get by the Secre-

tary before it was announced that he had

Gale pia as he was told. The burglar

t up.
“Please take anything you want, but
only get out," moaned Mrs. Gale, whose
berves were all ur.strung by this time.

an open window. The policemen formed 4
human chain by climuins upon each other
to the second atory and Murray was rescued.

Meanwhile Deputy Fire Chief Burns,
whose headquarters are opposite the

Aupant, April 80-Gov. Higgins has
signed Assemblyman Wade's bill creating
&@ commission of fifteen members to {:vea-

Mre. Jane W. Crans, widow of Fernando
Crans, died yesterday at her home, 118 North
Grove street, East Orange, in her ninetyefifth
year. She was born in Grove street, which

August Saril, of the candy manufacturing
firm of Cireenfleld, Son & Co. of 44 Baa
street, was arrested yesterday on a oc

of selling candy raspberries which con
paraffin and coal tardyes. The th Dee

 

tigate as to the expediency of revising | at that time was called Whiskey lane, and

“Pardon me, madam, just one minute,”
interrupted the burglar, "but I have a ques- American Sailors in Row at Guantanamo. | opi oved the limit, and is now $32,870,000. | thetax lawsto establisha more equsleys- | for seventy-five years had lived at (rove and | widow's house, with Firemen Golden and 1
tion to ask of this gentleman.” Then ad- Spactal Cadle Despatch to Taw SUN. Transfers to San Francisco by the Sub- | tem of raising moneys f r putlic reve:.ues the Munn Avene Prrebyiean Clron, of | McArdle, made their way into the burning | Pendant waa an sie Tor oxaond att
SPE Cole be aches, Havana, April 80.—Deepatches from | Treasury yesterday were $3,420,000. malting | in this State. until her last illness Was a regular attendant | building and first rescued Mrs, Jost and her May 4 ey aN sia ily Gut 2,

   

son, They Wereinsensible, Then firemen

went to the seoond story and dragged out

the other four boarders, all of whom were

semi-conacious. All the cogupants were
@

The commission is to be composed of five
Persons to be appointed by the Governor,
five by the President of the Senate and five

at the services. Her husband died seventeen
years ©. She leaves two children, Mre.
Addie rel Adame and Miss Julia D. Cransa.

er only son was the late Lewis D., Crans,

 

DISFIGURED
WITH ECZEMA

Brushed Scales from Face Like Powe

, der—Under Physicians Six Months

; Nine walcimere wre ted by be Grand But Grew Worse — Some Sald
result 6 ihvesti-

Sea ibe “wlahatutes 5 ns petition ie Neto eh ili

that nominated Wiliam R. Hearst for
CUTICURA REMEDIES” 1 4

Guantanamo estate that thirty intoxicated | @ total of $22,645,000 sent in this way to that
American sailors became involved in @ row | “ity since the earthquake.
with a number of the townspeople and

“Are you a Mason, sir?”

I am." replied Gale, who is a thirty-

gevnd degree man. “But why do you ask?”
0 a

 

by the Speaker of the Assembly, The com-

ddad.
“I am interesied,” said the burglar. Policemen. Shots were fired and several f NUISANCE PLEAS. mission fe to report to the Legislature before | Mfrs Crans came froma long lived {atills, | carried into Deputy Fire Chief Burns's
“Are you. a Mason?” asked Gale sailors were wounded, one being hit under SHORE Jan 15,1907. Its members are to eerve pet mother lived wereise A aa oy heel aren rterg an revived. The fire did
1,000

 

Orange, who is in _hig_ ninety-second year:
another ia Bethule L. Dodd _of Newark, and
etill another is Mra. Lydia Runyon, 90 years
old, of New ark.

Mra. Louisa A. Morehead, widow of Gen,
Turner G. Morehead, a veteran of the Mexican
War, died yesterday in Asbury Park. She
was 78 years old and attracted considerable

tice during the civil war as a hospital nurse.

4, ane was BR early settler in

sbury, Par ed there een years ago,

A daughter, Belle, who lived with Xire, More:

| and one son, Gustavus K. Morehead

of 2011 North Twenty-seoond street, Phila-
delphia, survive.

Frederico Wimmer, who was active in the

Two years ago yesterday Mrs. Jost's hus-

band’s y was cremated at Fresh Pond.
She had his aghes in an urn in her home.
Yesterday's fire destroyed the urn and acat-
tered its contents.

NINE M. 0. INDICTMENTS
Based on the Bogus Signatures to Hearst

*I am," replied the burglar. Then turn-
{ng he tossed the ring back to Mr. Gale
saying that he had no uge forit. He eta!
or the tanner's coat aad vest again. Mr.
Gale told him that there was somne mone:
{n the coat and also some papera whio
were of considerable value to him, but
which would be useless to anybody else.
He asked the burglar if he wouldn't epare
the papers. The man took nothing from
the ooat, fingered around for a few ssconds
with some inexpensive jewelry on the
bureau, without pocketing any of it, and
then returned to the bedside. Addressing

@ husband onca more, he said:

You eay you are a Mason. I want you
‘to give me your word as a Mason of the
bpity-second degree that you won't leave

withou compensation and $25,000 is appro-
riated for its expenses. This law carries
to effect recommendations made by Gov.
Piegine in his annua] message to the Legis-
ure. ,

Gev. Higgine Thinks an Extra Session Will
Not Be Necessary.

Ausary, April 80.-—Gov. Higgins was
asked to-day if he considered an extra
session of the Legislature probable, in view
of the tangle over advancing the recording
Mortgage Tax bill, and declared that such

S08: APS: Soap Man Says Guilty and Puts in a Smoke

Mrs. Tingley Opens Another Cuban School. ae ee tly ere
Specta’ Cadle Despatch to Twe Sux. e “amoke nu

Havin, April 80.—Mrs. Tingley, preal- | UP for trial in Special Sessions yesterday.
dent of the Raja Yogi School in California, | Frank Burke, proprietor of the Manhattan
who recently attended the Cuban charities | Soap Company of 550 West Thirty-sixth
conference at Santiago, where she has a | street, the first offender arrested in the
school, visited President Palma to-day, | preeent movement, was not in court and his
She has just established another school at | counsel, Alfred J. Talley, entered a, plea of

Pinar de! Rio. lty.
ary : Mr. Talley told the Court that his client
Ambassador Tower in Constantinople. had installed a smoke consuming appliance
Spectal Cable Despateh to Tae Sux. at the factory and that the nuisance was
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 980.—Charle- | abated. Judge Olmsted reserved decision

 

 

 

 

r hugban

eer —=
ee
oa

on was not probable. He said he: revolutionary movement in Germany, died

a seca
had not been asked to call an extra seasion, | on Sunday, at his home, 642 Gates avenue,

though the matter had been called to his | Brooklyn, in his eighty-third year. He

 

Mayor, on which there were 6,500 names.

Tt could not be learned yesterday that

attdntion by legislators. He said he hoped | came to this country in 1849 with Carl Schurz

an obi. He was School

 

 

  

or make a sound until I am out of | magne Tower, United States Ambassador | and adjourned the case one week. At that
thy bouse.” at Berlin, arrived here to-day. time, if the plea of guilty is not withdrawn, | to,8e0 the present session accomplish every. | omy Fiotoner it 1¢ old Fourth ward in | the “man higher up,” whom the District
“How long will that be?” asked Gale. sentence wit ve imnoned, thing necessary. e ork city for many years, He leaves | 44, ‘* offi hag hean aaa haa
‘Three minutes,” replied the burglar. The Weath ‘About seventy other cases of smoke five sons and two daughters, rney Sat her it te understood tat | WORK WONDERS a '
Then you have my word.” : * violations were on' the calendar for plead- | ANY ONE KNOW BAUMGARTEN? | Mrs. Kozish Dockstader, one of the oldest eqn gouge: uy oe uae cue er
4 eye a few things packed downstairs, ruepeemaras oponurpaniet.. ty -heev7,. Fale ing. A majority of the defendants pleaded comeeteereene residents of Fulton county, died 8 nday, at eee he, oe enough evidence against | \ 4) '
went on, “but I am a Mason an fall were gen ov ew York, New Jéreey an ' t! w Cc | ao the age 0 years. Notw ndin r ‘ a t
will not take them.” Nay Bagiond aainertiy AGreile ARC Were ‘ocens 8 geity. Among. nigh a rere those Came oe ans Weskse to ’ ne Fils qdvanced age, ehe retained her mental |. The warrante for the arrest of the de- t Aes I was & sufferer with eczema ;
hen he backed out of the door and ran] toned by @ storm covering all Northeastern dis- egal ny, the New Yor Edison Company is aculties to a Teparzable degree. She i | fendants were not served yeste ne as write to ahah what a great friend
nstairs. When he heard the front | tricts and central over the St. Lawrence valley. and Mr. Stokes of the Ansonia Hotel. Mayor George H. Steil of Hoboken re- guryived by pz cn pen Meoraanilaren. =| most of the defendants have promi to T found in icura Remedies. In
door bang Mr. Gale dumped from hie bed | In the extreme Southwest there was also «low | “Commissioner Darlington said last night | ceived yesterday this letter from Madeline | ° area, 6 ‘ ' pes one this arn . Gold i six months I had '
nd rang up the police. Then he began | pressure area, causing heavy ratn in Oklaboma | that there were three or four oases of vio- | Baumgarten of 18? East Ninety-sjxth street Charles We ter, mith. a, veteran speane ly t is we jeretoou t ne en oe. tried three dostors, \! !
fo,vestigate. He found that the man | and showers and thunderttorms toribward to the | lation of the law against Mr. ftokes., It is | New York city: +} manu tactarer, Ged 60 CRUTSAY Bi Mierenty: | pereert ue oot tated charge of the but did not get any | @
aith wi welv asian! ates. 3 : . 7 "we ' ae | f
of silver and a number of gPibed of Ee aso wen high and the weather fair in ele od thes Big o Bare ee cela tant a “I am from Hanover, Germany, and am geopnd year, He leaves a widow, two 80n8 | goheme of getting up the stitions, has been | better. It was on
vory, taken from a cabinet in the parlor, | the South Atlantic States and inthe far West. =.) had Nien apaed his men to go right ahead | searching for my father Louis Baumgar- ©. Rouse, president of the Missourt indicted. for ane, batt 8 tyvestigation my body and on my ; if
Were missing. So aleo were a now over- | ‘The temperatures were higher in the Middle | counting cases as long as anybody's chim- | ten who emigrated from Germany in 1860 aa an Ree ore ent died yesterday, | M00 goncern four no! ries who were ar. | feet eo thick that
i . ead derby hes ven Mr. Gale had ise Atlantic States — New ypeiené and from the | neys continued to smoke. gna nee et te found yy a oh . we T] at his home in Cleveland.” he gauss of | sega aes es Aiee ThO Sry Brolga I could hardly ne {
» in r aces was a elate uthw to ro Texas; ound ou ‘had im Ho en was pneumonia. @ was abou : ; Eckmann, °
P Dakotas 60 weats elsewhere aa G Sere worked at bis trade as Up- eat p | who was nominated for Assemblyman by oH enohing ae vf \

 

Acondahanal | the Municipal Ownership League in the

- eras Twelfth Assembly district, and J. J. Smith,
the Alderman from the Twelfth Assembly
district, It was brought out that many of
the petitions were made up at the head-
quarers of the Republican or on of
the Twelfth, where Jacob A. Newatead is
the Odell leader.

oOo

The Seagocrs.

Colored storm coat and a cheap derby.
latter bore the mark of a Manhattan
Store.
one police don't know what to make
thecase. They say that if the experience
As related by Mr. Gale is true-—and there is
ae to doubt it-—then the man was
ther a very clever impostor or a real
Gale who was conscience stricken. Mr.
6 doean't, want to believe that the man

no notable changes bani 4 2
In this city a thunderstorm accompanied by arantine 6.

heavy rain ocourred {n the early morniug, and the Constwise Qu som

day was cloudy and foggy until noon; clearing and The quarantine season for coastwise

warmer in the afternoon; wind light southerly; | vessels from ports south of Cape Henlopen

average humidity. 81 per cent.; barometer, cor- terday.

Fe ae ts tok WU AERA, AC FOOU bY, i, | Coneeeanmen

Ff “*gema. My face was » f
covered, Iny eyebrows came out, and mt
then it got in my eye. I then went to i t
another doctor. He asked me what
I was taking for it, and I told him i
Cuticura. He said that was a very |
good thing, but that he thought that
my face would be marked for life. But “h
\
4

holeterer and decorator, I beg leave to ask
you to kindly find out if my father is alive
or dead. You will do a great favor to
myself and his whole family who did not
hear anything from him sinée then,”

 

 

20.04. Moulders Strike tn Pennsytvanta,

The teraperature yesterday as recorded by the
official thermometer is shown tn the ennexed BORANTON, Pa., April 90.—To eatablish the
: Cuticura did its work and my face is

 

a
a See
— aa nee

 

 

   
 
  

  
 

  

 

|
8@ member of the brotherhood to which | table |
‘ e day at the same rate ;
4 mes: bul 90 {af 86 be waa able to ee te we i ae te h da Se Among those to sail this morning for | now just as clear as it ever was. ‘
© Man answered questions as a | .@ A: M.-....56 Bie) 8 Bs Mies TF % paid for @ ten hour day, namely, 82.75, h ' “4 k
i ace: Bw ale ind cae ie all the moulders between Honesdale and Fb spi on the steamship Grosser Kur 1 wn y Die tnesiA nen told me about f
@ described the fi i pM sa res 018 . A ; uret are: e wonderful Cuticura remedies,
beight, clean shaver: fall iar se Highest temperature, 14°. at 4 FM. sue gots Ae GhRE merge ped fice on draught at soda fountains Prof. G. 8 Fullerton, Mre. Fullerton, 8 F. | I took his advice and got the Ointment,
yearsold. He didn't wear any mask. WEEREeetOn FEEL aiay Wecas mee and Iron Works, went, co srike this aening, or in bottles at drug stores EN, Mere eos: 0 Fane es rePeatie geg d coy anti | 1
, eens { ; hi ; ; ; ; ‘ the Cuticura Soap and then applied ‘
RANSAS CLATMS 16,000 ACRES, | ‘out ine eet ore rat ay Abops a9 in in chin cty tlonsaranmectrd| and. groceries, is che same | ,upcked to sil for Liverncel o@:Q@FNGYiG the Ointment, and took Cudleurs ; 4
\ . ; For the District of Columbia, Maryland and out the whole district. ‘ Sant i: tesolvent as directed, in @& shor i
Pues anil In Equity to Restrain Allote | virginia, partly cloudy and cooler to-day; showers The machinists’ union appears to be at Pures refreshing juice you get Mine putas? AG: Gaeta: ¥ eases ** time my face began to get better, and
ment. Sale or Alienation. | tn the vfternoon or night; showers to-morrow: the point of ordering a sympathy strike from the choicest Concord Arrived yesterday on the Minnehaha When TY had taken one bottle of
Wasmxotox, April 80.—The State of | leht to treeb north to northeast winds. | v» | and the patternmakers’ union will decide ; A : from London: Resolvent I could brush the scales
. through its Attorney-General. to- For DPlaware, showers pet afternoon or to- | Called “The Honest Dentifrice Soeerroy night bh none they will make grapes in season. contin- H. H. Armstead, Capt. H. J. Carter, Nehe- off my face like a powder, When I
Poe in the Supreme Court a petition a si tsdliey diitieiia ed because through sixty years no oer ig acdde ca I si Th: ig ual supply In your home is en Tene Chaties Pieter eRtert: Wie - ve IRN RY 1800: Oe
Foe file & bill in equity against | Fos New Jeresy, showers thls sfterncee or te: i 1 a Lester Vibberts, Carl Strakoseh, Clara Lou ise Mt ace
the United States, the Secretary of the night and cooler in northwest portion: abowers | honest effort has been spared to give Nee ae be gd Poe. like org a She vineyard Kellogg Stra Kosch Hoge ae rt 1 told all my friends about my
‘or, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs | to-morrow; ght to fresh north to northeast winds. I Dentifri tah th The Rev. William ©. O'Donnell, pastor that vields the vear around. —- remarkable cure. I feel so thankful
ns 1 others to restrain the allot- For eastern Pennsytvania. showers this after- to the pub ic a titrice t the | of the West Side Avenue Methodist Church A gl ‘ ful of W " h’ hed Two Killed and Many Burned by Molten’) I want everybody far and wide to
» fale SF 7 Shgnation ot nome pee noon or to-night and me in south portion: teeth req ive It ts an Alkaline, ip erney. Coy bas returned to Robert ’ g pote 0 f ¢€ +; § re - Metal. “* tye know what Cuticura can Go. 0 es :
‘erritory, claimed by ie ‘ation, indian showers to-morrow, light to fresh nerth to north vis & 2 x ball ahd ty time rings retres Ing s eep. Omrcaae, Apri! 30.~Fifty tons jo. 6Ure cure for ecrema. (sign ) ; .
end ‘eat Ralltoed Co Braay Wedae arene | a wee England, partir cloudy to-day. showers | slightly astringent, deliciously fra- Ride Park rhe, nee eee an meta] hanes from a y ee pga pte wna : AGH | oe roe n Place
‘ : ‘ ' ’ aay wy ‘
i State's claim ia based on @ grant by o co altel cniiads visgeahabaaliabbill Ler deodortzer and tonic for the Se eerets wate a wants are cam Merromere Write ‘e tor free (;Ditaais Sysel Company 6 pieet saa font aera ; Pimpie aerate syle toes tees eke
Racha e hens acura | Mr cov Toe mewn exten | tooth andl mouth tructire- Tt | Sued ch be as idan tem Senet | Metaaatet cr petal team | Ee Sas
st of the odd num- | to-day and showors by night; eb to-morrow: a ? ‘ F , way be had of ai Gragg Use, “
ona along the line of the railroad. freed north to portheass “=. your loss if you are not-using it, game was d at the park on Sunday. | Meas PORICCRG .0Pr1008 { cin ti § Bea tor ee genet ieee