————————

eS pee a aes

a

te

a

   
  
  
   
   
 
   

HITS AT JEROME AND THE JURY

———

OPP DISPLEASED RAY NON-AE-
TION GN INST RANCE CONES

Mapresees Gnttefaction, However, That ihe |

fneqnteaeat Meapwnethitity Yow Mente
Cpon the Metrtet Atterney Hatter
Gaye that the Sationat Hanke Gave

Roth the Crane ture and Metriot Attorney
ivert hy Rarretor

darome wore roiidiv cr

Ciel gentartag bec fo metion heel hewn
taken in remand fo whatever ineurenen aes
Cmen Me lerome may heve In @ prreemene

te Heenrter Goff hy the

ment hanrfetl op
foreman, Lreniel Trew the Crend dury
antd that Vi dercnne heed len aelet for
the evidence, but the Grand Fury aor pte
hie arivion Chat it would be anwiae to take
ue the jenenn inveetigetion, espeetally
ne a apecial (iran Jury would tohe entire
ohare of the matter in Moy

When NMecorder Got cwore itt the Grand
Jury at the feet of the cronth he anid Lt wie
thelr duty fo aak for the tnevmner evi- |
denoe in Vr deromne« possesion. In dia
oharaing the Grand Jury yesterday the
Pecorder crtd that while they acted entirely
within their paahte by aaking for the evi

rrothfolly tell them that
chole duty when they

denen be mild net

the ad done thee

dui
thelesa ahded = the Recorder
“soy have rendered a aignal service in
ating the unequivoeal responsibility
thet now reata on the Distriet Attorney.”
The pen bers ofthe Grand Jury did not
aeoorn ta know how to take the Reeorder's
remarka Mr. Jerome woud make no com-
men te them
some f the inside history of what tran-
anim ol he Grand Jury room in connec. |
ho vuth the insurance investigation came
out as attached to the Presentment was a
eo py of the proeeedings and a stenographic
report of a speech made by Mr. Jerome.
In thet speech reference was made to the
friction between Judge O'Sullivan, District
Attorney Jereme and the March Grand

Jury on the same question,

Mr. Jerome vanted to know if the Grand
Jury was willing to sit during the month
of May The answer was in the affirmative.
Then Mr. Jerome said that no evidence
abeut insurance matters had been pre-
sented to the March Grand Jury. He ex-
plained that the Grand Jury for March
simply submitted to Judge O'Sullivan come
hypothetical questions about the payment
of political contributions by corporations.

“The instructions of the Court were such,”
said Mr. Jerome. “that I am informed that
they could not comprehend them. They
were in substance that to steal is lo steal, a
prepsition tolerably elementary and one
on which I think no intellignt human being
cared to have any information or advice
from the Court, The Grand Jury came
back in a very puzzled condition of mind,”

The second time the Grand Jury went
for advice, Mr. Jerome said, acme ‘Sulli-
wan spoke about “this case,” and when the
Grand Jury explained that they didn't
understand what case he meant “they
received more eloquence and no more
guidance than they did on the first occasion.”

Mr. Jerome said that an indictment was
a serious thing and then went over the

roceedings in the case of George W.Perkins.
Je seemed to think that there would be a
decision from the Appellate Divison on the
Sppesl from Justice Greenbaum's decision
holding Mr. Perkins for larceny on next
Friday. Mr. Jerome said that he had
talked. with jud and lawyers on the
questions of whether the payment of politi-
cal contributions by officers of corporations
constituted larceny and ey said it was not
a clear or simple proponit ion of law. He
mentioned Benjamin F. Tracy, who repre-
sented no one connected with an insurance

company, who said that it did not constitute |

larceny. Gov. Folk of Missouri and Gov.
Dineen of Illinois would give no opinion on
the subject.

Mr. Jerome said that he canvassed the
March Grand Jury and was convinced that
he couldn't get a vov9 to indict any one on
the evidence in regerd to political con-
tributions. Judge S'scutivan knew that
he said. Mr. Jerome couldn't understand
why so much haste was demanded. Mr.
Jerome added: ‘

{ do understand that there are strange
forces of character moving on the face of
the waters at times in this city, and such a
course as that this eager, burnin, desire
to force matters into the Grand Jury room
before an authoritative ruling of a Court
is had -to my tind is, to say the least,
peculiar.

My personal opinions or suapicions are not
to be laid before you, but you are free, white
and 21, and know something about this city.

You understand perfectly well that there
faa bitter conflict between the Morgan and
Harriman interests and you know that that
has been going on for sometime. You know
that the inmost prominent person In connec-
tion with this whole matter of political con-

tributions in the public eye is George W,

Perkins, a partner of J, Plerpont Morgan;
bit as a matter of fact It would involve the
chief financial officers practically of every
great) financial institution in) this county,

We all know what was done in 1896, In 1900
eandin io. They gave, national banks gave,
home of the national banka actually entered
ft In fullon their books of account what the
contribution was for

Mr. Jerome was asked by Foreman Treacy
if it would be advisable to take up the in-

@urance matters and Mr, Jerome said

it would be inadvisable, Accepting Mr.

Jerome's advice the presentment said:
Chis decision of the Grand Jury was prompt-

ed nor because of any desire to avoid per-
forinance of their duty or to devote all the
time that might be necessary but because
euch an inquiry would in all probability re-
auire legal guidance and that for the Grand
Jury to proceed against the advice of their
legal adviser might involve their proceedings
in mistake or miscarriage of justice,

After listening to the presentment the
Recorder said:

It appears from your report that the Dis-
trict Attorney made a statement. You seem
‘to have relied on that statement, It was
within vour power to not rely on it and to
have acted as your good judgment would have
dictated, but having relied on it you may have
acted prudently

I will not now say that you did otherwise,
but it would not be the truth for me to say
‘that you performed your wholeduty. Never
theless you have rendered a signal service in

‘accentuating the unequivocal responsibility

that now rests on the District Attorney. I
eppreciate fully the difficulties which would
beset an investigation’of this character by the
Grand Jury unless you were aided earnestly
hy the cooperation of the District Attorney,
‘Your legal adviser, whose duty itis to prepare
‘the evidence, to formulate it and to present
it to the Grand Jury.

Were it not that this special Grand Jury has
been summoned to meet but a week from to-
day, and that ‘he District Attorney shall have
ever reasonable opportunity and undivided
responsibility I would deem it my duty to cone
tinue this term of court and instruct you to

, tion into these cases, for they present quea-
tions which neither Judge nor District Attor-
ney nor Grand Jury can, avoid or postpone,
questions which have not arisen through pub-
Ho clamor, but have came to you through the
ehanpels of legislative investigation, ques-
tions which affect the execution of a trust in
which the public are vitally Interested, ques-
tions which, above all, affect the flat and im-
Partial administration of justice.

EX-FRESIDENT BNEWER ARRAIGNED.

William A. Brewer, Jr., pres:
of the Washington Tans ce
pany, was arrai

Life Insurance Com-
d before Recorder Goff
Nopersay on three indictments growin,
out of the Grand Jury's investigation o
ges of mismanagement of the com-
: There are two indictments for
ury and one for filing false reports,

ia eanor.

a

charged that the re

Life for 1903, to the State Insur-
ted the lia-

hi Teporting an inpeea peed policies icles

  

) Tt is

 

rt of the Wash-

return to your room and institute an ; evidently weren't the cases that Dr. Weston

 
 

    
   
 
     
 
   
  

  
 
 
  
      
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
  

 
 
  
 

 
  
    
  
  
   
    
   
    
  
 
  
   
  

 
 
    
 
 
  
  
  

 
   
  
    
  
 
 
   
   
 

taste ia credited to
cane the man who nor-

   
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
  

WER mally follows
century atyle.
sONWAG STATION AT OOR DOOR
ASTOR PLACE AND FOURTH AVE

 

  
   
  
       
         
    
   
 

     
 

were In existence and were later reinatated

One of the indict mente for perjury nares
that when Brewer «wore to the report be-
| fore Thomas Tierney, a notary, he knew
| that the liabilities were greater. The
| second indictrnent charges that the regiater
of the Washington Life does not show a
net seriatimn valuation of the policies in
force in 1908, and that when Brewer awore

gave cash bail in $6,000.

TO TEST PUBLICITY

 

LAW.

to Fight It to the Last Diteh.

The indications are that
| mutual life companies, the New York and
| the Mutual, don’t intend to let up on their
| fight against maxing their lists of policy-
| holders public, even though the Armstrong
committee bill, which provides for such
publicity, has been enacted into law. Some
of the important agente of the companies
are going to carry the new law into the
courts and test its constitutionality. It is
understood that they will have the sup-
port of the companies, if they are not, in
fact, representing the companies in the
matter.

It ia said that they will ask within afew
days for an injunction against the provision
of the law relating to the policyholder

| jista, The law requires that at least two
| copies of the list in each company shall be
filed with the State Superintendent of

Insurance not later than June 15. The
agents will contend tht the law is per-

 

nicious, that these lists, so far as they in- |
| clude the names of the policyholders in- |

  

that it did he committed perjury. Brewer |

Big Insurance Companies Getting Ready |

the twobig |

sured through their offices, represent prac- |

| tically an asset to them and that to throw

ther open to the public would be tanta- |

 

their labors. It would, in one sense, they

al j
| t is understood that the case will if neces- |

sary be carried up to the highest court
in the State by the ane TILE: Before the
Armstrong committee bills were passed the
| Appellate Division handed down a decision
| quashing an action brought to compel
| t New York Life to make public its list.
| This provision for publicity of policy-
holders was fought harder than any other
by the Mutual and New York Life. New
York Life officers worked openly in the
| lobby at Albany and sticceeded in getting

culating the bill, but such tremendous
| Pree was brought to bear on the Senate
rom all quarters of the State that it re-
considered its vote and the bill was passed
with an unimportant amendment
for the purpose of letting those who had
| voted for the first amendment down easy.
+ The board of directors of the Equitable
will hold its regular meeting to-day. A
special committee appointed several weeks
ago to overhaul the society's bylaws will
Peports It_is understood that one of the
commendations which it will make will
‘be that the first and the second vice-
residenta stioll inthe future be appointed
»y the president instead of elected by
the board «f directors. This will make
the two under officers directly responsible
to Presiden! Morton.

Gage F. Tarbell is second vice-president.
If this recommendation is adopted it will
mean that he will have to be good or he
won't be happy. It has been reported
several times that Mr. Tarbell was going
to get out ef the Equitable, but this has
always been denied, The first vioe-presi
dency hasn't been filled since James Hazen
Hyde resigned.

20 EMBALMED BEFORE AUTOPSY

 

 

Coroner's Doctor Expertments on His Own
Hoek on Corpscs In His Hands.

Coroner's Physician Fdward T. Weston,
who is one of the medical witnesses for
Albert T. Patrick on Patrick's motion for
a new trial, isn't baving a pleasant time
with Diatrict Attorney Jerome these days.
The examination ef Dr. Weston was con-
tinued yesterday before Recorder Goff.

Dr. Weaton has testified that he made
about twenty experiments on cadavers to
find out. what effect embalming fluid had
onthe lungs. He was questioned yesterday
about three of the experiments he made.
He said that he made the experiments
at the Morgue and that they were made
on bodies in which the cases had been re-
ported to the Coroner's office. It was his
official duty as a Coroner's Physician to
investigate thoge cases.

In no instance could he remember the
name or cause of death. He said he had
made a report which was filed in the Coro~
ner's office. He had used the embalming
fluid before he had determined the cause
of death. He admitted that the fluid
would destro
congestion o
In each case,

at-mortem evidences of
the lungs in many cases.
he said, he found congestion
ef the lungs and in at least one case there
was external evidence of it.

Dr. Weston said that the experimente
were made in September, 1904. Mr. Jerome,
who seemed surprised at the statements
of Dr. Weston, told Assistant District
Attorney Garvan to get from the Coroner's
office the records covered by the period in
which the experiments were made. Mr,
Garvan got them. Mr. Jerome asked Dr.
Weston to pick out the cases. There were
eighteen, and Dr. Weston picked out four
cases which he said he had handled. These
were all deaths from fractured ekulls in
which no autopsies were made, so they

had experimented in. Dr. Weston in-
sisted that he filed a report in every case,
and that the records should be in the Cor-
oner's office. Mr. Jerome said he would
make another investigation and all the
cases that Dr. Weston =e he experimented
on will be looked up, I[t was brought out
that Dr. Weston had no authorization to
make the experiments.

“But why, as a publio official,” asked Mr.
Jerome, “destroy evidence of the cause of
death by using this embalming fluid?”

“Oh, I didn't destroy it,” said Dr. Weston,

The examination will be continued this
morning.

 

Brooklya Elevated Structure to Re Painted
Green.

The Frooklyn Rapid Transit Company
has given a contract for the repainting of
the entire elevated railrcad structure at a
Ren of over $100,000. The raint will be
ji t pe: while the stations will be painted

mount to robbing them of the results of |

argue, be depriving them of a@ property |

| an amendment through the Senate emas- |

drawn |

waoer

 
 

 

. Pe OF “Fp Pate

 

  

tate try

  
  

BEST«@

Serviceable School Shoes.

We have

children’s shoes in a

greater variety of

exclusive lasts, special makes and extra sizes than any
other house carries.

A single pair of our school shoes will establish
our claim for unequalled comfort and wear.

For Girls and Misses.

Black Box Calf, foxed, buttoned;
broad, plain toe; a very durable shoe;
sizes 7 to 1014, $a. ag ; sizes 11 to 2, $y.

Calf, foxed, dongola top. lace: heavy
A shoe that gives long
sizes & to 10%, $a.ag5; sizes

ertension sole.
service;
41 to 2, $4.73.

shoes, well built;

Tan Raseta Calf, buttos
$. tread,

Combines style and ; elses 7 to
10%, $8.00 ; sizes 11 to 2, $a.75.

Tan Russia Calf, button or lace. Trim

sizes 7 to 10%, 99.95 5

sizes 11 to 2, $3.00.
Ruseia Calf Oxfords. Built onlasts

that insure comfort and good fit;
to 10%, $4.00 ; sizes 11 to 2, $4.30.

aises 7

For Boys and Youths.

‘ Box Calf, \ace; hea
for service; sizes 13 to 2, $3.50;
sizes 214105 4, $4.00; sizes 6to7, $5.95.

designed

Velour Calf, lace; stylish last, fairly
heavy extension soles; sizes 13to 2,92. 73
sizes 214 to 544, $3.45; sizes 6 to
$3-75-

 

PUBLICATIONS.

oes esse

 

donble soles,

fitti

Built on approved
$4.75; sizes 2% to 544, $3.25.

 

60-62 West 23d Street.

PUBLICATIONS.

| AA RAAARAARA RAS RRRARASRAA SAAR ARARAA AMAR

San Francisco

Disaster

Pictured in

HARPER'S

WEEKLY

Out To-day

IMPORTED SHOPLIFTERS.

Police Theory of Two Women Caught With
Four Dozen Shirt Waltsts.

Charged with stealing four dozen shirt
waista and concealing them about their
clothing, Carrie Weiss and Victoria Rush-
zinsky were arraigned in Easex Market
police court. yesterday morning and held
for General Sessions. The Rushzinaky
woman is 27 years old and Carrie Weise 10. |
Roth live at 69 Green atreet, Greenpoint,
Neither has been in this country long.

Max Myer, who runs a department store
at 281 Grand street, testified that the two
women went into hia store on Saturday
afternoon and after idling before the hosiery
counter, at which they bought nothing,
went over to the shirt waist counter. The
clerk at that counter was busy. In a few
minutes the women started for the door.
As they drew near it shirt waists began to
strew the floor, In all thirty-six shirt
waiste, valued at from $4 to $5 each dropped
in their wake.

A couple of cash boys saw the waist |
shower and called Mr. Myer. He grabbed
the women, and when an officer came com-
pelled them to disgorge fourteen more
of similar value. Aft t Eldridge street
police station the matron found the clothes |
of the women especially built for the busi- |
ness. The police believe the women were
professional shoplifters in the old country
and came over here to finti a better field.

BLACKWELL'S ISLAND A PARK, |

Suggests the Grand Jury, and House of |
Detention No Longer a Police Prison. |

In a presentment made by the Grand
Jury yesterday it was recommended that
the House of Detention be taken out of
the control of the Police Department and
put under the jurisdiotion of the Depart-
ment of Charities. A suggestion of :
missioner of Correction Lantry that Black-
well's Island be turned into a park was
favorably reported. The idea is to move
the prisons to islands further north.

The Grand Jury praised the manage-
ment of the boys’ reformatory on Hart's
Ieland. They learned that a large number
of the boys were cigarette smokers. y
found the Tombs clean and well handled.

Recorder Goff said that he thought it
would be a good idea to take the House
of Detention out of the hands of the police.
Witnesses detained there might be wit-
nesses against policemen. It will require
legislation to make the change.

New 810,000,000 Concern.

The New River Collieries Company |
$10,000,000 concern, filed articles of in- |
corporation yesterday at County Clerk |

|

 

 

John Rotherham's office in Jersey City to
buy, sell and traffic in coal, coke, ores,
oil and minerals. The capital stock is
divided into $5,000,000 7 per cent. cumu-
lative preferred and $5,000,000 common,
The whole or any part of bal preferred
stock is retirable at the discretion of the |
peered of oremet at 125 any aa ene |
three years. @ incorporators are

O. Coughlan, Felix Ingold and B. Stafford
Manta, all of 16 Exchange ite aay
City, the registered office of the company. |

 

 

$71,990 AMONG THREE

Who Were Commissioners of Assessment
on Riverside Drive Extension.

For their work as commissioners of esti-
mate and assessment on the property taken
over by the city for the extension of River-
side Drive and the Parkway, from 185th
street te the Boulevard Lafayette, John P.
O'Brien, Frank R. Houghton and John J.
Ryan will divide $71,900. The commis-

 

sioners were appointed in March, 1900, with |

O'Brien as chairman. The regular com-
pensation is $10 a day, and up to July, 1904,
thev had earned $89,990 bet ween them, dis-
tributed as follows: O'Brien,

apprasied 268 parcela, which the |
$ ‘500 234. Mm y valued at

Supreme Court Justice McCall granted
yesterday their application for extin com-
pensation on account of the arduous nature
of their duties. Under this order O'Brien

ts $12,000 more, and Houghton and Ryan

Fi0,000 apiece, in addition to what they |

earned at tho regular rates.

 

Fined for Selling Cheat Milk.
Several milk dealers were fined in the
Court of Special Sessions yesterday for

| selling adulterated milk. Francesco Caz-

zazza of 76 Oliver street, $50; Sam Goodman
of 388 Madison street, $40; Abraham Yanco-
witz of 155 William street, $85; Anna Lind-
linger of 917 Washington street, $30; Fannie
Goldstein of 218 Ma n street, $20;David
Scott of 881 West Thirty-ninth street and
Dominico Husarra of 441 East Twelfth
street, $15 each.

 

$12,900; |
Houghton, $14,350 and Ryan, $12,650. They |

Fine’ Calf, lace; hand sewed welta,
extension soles; a very serviceable shoe}
sizes 13 to 2, $3.00; sizes 2% to 5%,
$3.75; sizes 6 to 8, $3.45.

Tan Russia Calf, \ace; stout soles,
easy ; sizes 13 to 2, $3.00; sizes
2% to 5%, $3.75.

VelourCalf &TanRussiaOxforde,
lasts; sizes 13 to 2,

&

Ladies’ and Misses’
Walking Pumps.
The fashionable shapes, newest
styles, seasonable leathers in
COWARD perfect fitting Pumps,
| Ties and Oxfords.

SOLD NOWHERE ELSE.

JAMES S. COWARD,
268-274 Greenwich St., N. Y.

(HRAR WARREX STREET.)

BROADWAY & 42D STREET |

Attains Popularity
at a Single Bound

REASONS A-PLENTY. One is
that Soda Fountain—with its deli-
cious crushed fresh fruit Ice Cream
Soda and every other modern foun-
tain drink which the mixer's genius
has produced, Then the celebrated
Repetti French Ice Cream and the
matchless Repetti Caramela, Bon-
bons, Pebbles, etc.

ALL CANDY FRESH DAILY

431 FIFTH AVE.
46 W. 126th St. 828 Columbus Ave.

Telephone or ask your Crugriet,
By mall or express to any address.

 

 

|
— °
—eeeeEE—EE—eeeeee

Sullivan Gets Ten Years for Manslaughter.

James Sullivan, 45 years old, who shot
and killed Benjamin Weill, a horse dealer
of 247 North Seventh etreet on March 6
and pleaded guilty to manslaughter in
the second degree, was sentenced yester-
day to ten years imprisonment in Sing

by J Aspinall of the County Court,
Sng ne abe Nailin occurred during

a dispute over a horse deal.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

B. Altman & Ca:

WILL RECEIVE FURS, FUR GARMENTS, RUGS AND
DRAPERIES, FOR STORAGE AND SAFE-KEEPING
THROUGHOUT THE SUMMER MONTHS,

DURING WHICH PERIOD THE PLACING OF ORDERS FOR
THE REPAIRING AND ALTERING OF FURS, AND THE

CLEANING AND) REPAIRING OF RUGS

RECOMMENDED.

IS ESPECIALLY

@LACE DRAPERIES, WHEN CLEANED, WILL BE STORED
THRQUGH THE SUMMER MONTHS WITHOUT ADDITIONAL

COsT.

Mirsteent Street end Otel Avrnar, Sew Bork.

  

   

Mall Orders Filled. Send for Catalogue.
EEE >
@- ~~ 8

|
|
NEW STORE

   
   
  
  

Waistcoats.
spect t $15

The illustration is drawn direct from
priced Cutaway Coats
alstcoats at $15 and

Ra

black thibet.

Our tailormen have mastered the
matter of fitting you and giving style
and grace to this garment that cannot
be bettered by even the Fifth avenue

tatlors, whose prices soar way

trying on one of

these Cutaway Coats aaa Waistcoats
you that you can't be

better dressed at a cost of $15,

ves an
fy correct view of the very |
newest model. The fabric is of prt

Stite

424 St. & Oth Aver

Here’s a
Radical New
Prince Albert.

Special at $ ] 8

| It differs from the conventional
model in this:—the outer edge of the
coat is graduated to the waist line and
the distance between the buttons is
duated also; widest at the first two
| and narrowest at the last two, ving @
broad chested, manly effect. his coat
is of a velvety black thibet, faced with
| silk.
| In styfe and tailoring ft is a veritable
masterpiece, the product of our cleves-
est tailormen. undreds of men have
| gemarked to us that it is the most
welcome innovation in years.
The same model, luxuriously gift
' fined throughout, special at $25,

 

B. Altman & Cn.

" WOMEN'S HOUSE ROBES,

WOMEN'S FASHIONABLE TEA GOWNS, FOR INFORMAL

|
AFTERNOON WEAR,

EXCLUSIVB DESIGNS,

IN FRENCH MODELS AND

INCLUDING

Tea Gowns made of plain and pompadour chiffons, marquisette and

crepes. Lace Robes. House Gownsespecially adapted for Summer

wear, made of French muslins, embroidered in a jour designs
Recent models in Matinee and Negligee Garments of every

description, including the new Empire: Princesse effects.
Special Orders. Exclusive designs will be submitted for Garments,

made especially to order in workrooms on the premises.

 

A COMPLETE SELECTION OF WOMEN'S FOOTWEAR

FOR

SUMMER COSTUMES.

Ties and Pumps of black kidskin, russet and patent leathers;
Leather Overgaiters in fashionable colorings; and especially #ylish
effects in Pumps, of @riped vestings, white canvas and pique, for

lingerie dresses.
with various new and effective

desirable ftyles.

Dancing Slippers of colored kidskin and satin, |

trimmings. Tennis Oxfords ii

(Department on Third Floor.)

 

Nestling comfortably in low |

shoes, your feet are glad the
Winter's gone.

Men's Oxfords, black or tan
calf and patent leather; $3.50 or
$5; of imported pigskin, $6.50.

Boys’ Oxfords, $2 to $4.

Rocers, Peet & Company.
Three Broadway Stores.

258 842 1260
at at at
Warren st. 13th st 32d st,

 

|

NEW LIFE

No dime novel duds.
| A-young friend writes forour
“catalogue of suits for injuns,
brownies and cowboys.”

Sorry! but we confine our
boys’ styles to those approved
_by the few first class custom tail-
| ors who bother with boys’ clothes
| at twice our price.

'
Rocers, Peet & Company, ‘
| Three Broadway Stores,

258 842 1260
| Opposite neat opposite
City Hall Union Square Greeley Square,

 
   

Has.been instili:d in our store, the tables have a!l been
rearranged and five hundred new styles added to our

$20 Sultings and Overcoatings.
May we send you samples and

values are marvelous.

The attractions and

our illustrated booklet, ‘Elegance at Moderate Cost,’’?

ARNHEIM,

Broadway &

Ninth Street.

     
     
   
 
 
  
 
 
    
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
     
  
   
 
  
  
 
   
  
      
  
    
 
  
   

   

   

   
    
   
  
  
 
 
    
 

    
  
  
 
 
  
        
 
     
       
       
    
          
        
      
        
       
        
       
 
      
      
       
     
      
     
     

a