| WBhick RELEASBOP PAGE'S WIFE

j

     

 

  
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
    
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

ND SENDS BACK HIS CHEER,

Beetore There Find no fvidence of Gres

‘ at Ateohat Matit fo White Beamtners

4 im taney Certifies? Gow he Wit ry
;

i" wn) Phetret ened Pred
fide vt of hew trea
vey i chere® of

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

of Dre, Bdiward I
opbele Peter cnn mere the
el, Wane pelea y

| Wie friend, Mre, Willian ft. Leonard of
TE Went Ninety -aeventt) af feet Mre Prev “
€ eel WM OK tient at apolied for

@rit of talons cor backing i with
¥ affidavits that ‘ire Page wae pot,
fee briahtred alleged and the tren Arete
, an “Rabitual drunkard and add-
te the ware rime The afficia vita,

of the inetit n,”
therities had deaiied “not to contest the
writ that hae been jeaued."

The Mother Superior of the sanitarium
told Mre. Leonard that it became apparent
after Mre. Page had been In the institution
only a few days that she waa not, and ap-
parently never had been, a user of liquor
| ev drugs. The physicians of the inati-
| tution, Mrs. Leonard said, found that she
was mwrely suffering from nervous strain.
@he did not ask for liquor or drugs at any
time in the nine days she was there. Mr
Page had sent a check to the sanitarium
for the maintenance of Mrs. Page for one
month and the check was returned to him,

It was announced by Henry W. Unger,
counsel for Mr. Page when the habeas

case came up before Justice New-
burger yesterday, that there was a prospect
‘\ of gettlement. If this is so, Mr. Olcott,
. Page and her friend, Mrs. Leonard,

r nothing about it. After Mr. Unger

Justice that Mrs.
after the doctors of the sanitarium,

thorough examination on Sunday and

mental or physical
a charge of habitual alcoholism.

Ex-Judge Olcott said that Drs. Hunt
Peterson, who are examiners in lunacy,
never seen Mrs. Page before they ex-
ber, and knew practically nothing
of her married life or of its infelicities,
At the time of the examination Mrs.
* was suffering from the effects of ill-t. eat-

ment and humiliation at the hands of her
husband, and was very nervous. She was
\also nursing her sixteen-months-old baby.
The examination mace her still more ner-
yous. She is 80 years old, of sensitive
temperament and has three children, The
@ldest, a boy of 8, is in England, and the

|

:
j after he had had the mother committed. Her
!

|

/

) asion of the father, who took them
frieods say it is marvelous that she was not
Ex-Judge
] too much latitude.

who

\ made a fit subject for the sanitarium by
her recent expePiences :
leott suid yesterday that he
Justice Levintritt
iasued tle order committing Mrs.
Mr O!cot bla.

permits a commtting justice to dis-

fake wits a hearing if he is eatiafied
he affidavits that it 18 unnecessary. “

affidavits were strong and said that Mrs.
Page was in no condition to be served with

legal papers. Fortunately, Mrs. Page had
friends who have known all

i

about. her
marital troubles, and they t the loral
machinery working through Mr, Oloott, who
is also one of her friends.

The result of the incarceration of Mrs.
Page will be a suit for separation and the
oustody of the children on the round of
crue] and inhuman treatment. One of the
instances of this treatment will be the at-
tempt of Mr. Page to put his wife in the
eanitarium. Mr. Olcott said that the
whereabouts of the younger children were
unknown to himself or Mrs. Page, but that
they hoped to get on the trail of them in @
few Gaye.

Dr. Hunt refused to say an thing yester-
day about his certificate anc Dr. Peterson
was out of town.

WANTED HOTEL MAN TOWED HER

“@ase Against Merrifield’ Brings tn Henry
W, Taft as a Witness,

A breach of promise suit, in which Mark
E. Merrifield, proprietor of the Continental
Hotel at Broadway and Twentieth street,
figures as defendant, will como up for trial
within a few days in the Supreme Court,
The plaintiff is Lucy A. Case, who wants
$50,000 damages for the alleged broken trot h,

Henry W. Taft is to be examined as 4
witness in tho suit, but because of his im-
portant engagements in Chicago and else-
where duriig the coming fortnight his
testimony will be taken before William L,
‘Turner as referee. Mr. ‘Taft is the brother
of the Secretary of War. He is a lawyer,
> and it is said that Miss Case disoussed her

suit with him and made certain admissions

) which Mr. Merrifield’s counsel, Nicoll,
} Anable & Lindsay, would like to have be-
' fore the jury.
Misa Case's counsel, Pentecost & Camp-
. apposed the application for Mr, Taft's
ation, but Juatioe Scott granted it,
mpbell declined yesterday t discuss
th ait. at all. He would not reveal the
ed,, ose or identity of his client,

* ia known, however, that Miss Case
ai} yes that Merrifield promised to marry

» ys soon as his father should die, That
‘ise was given, as she alleges, some
ye ago, and the elder Merrifleld, who was
1 dent of the Hotel Men's A tion,
fie. about two years and a half ago, Miss
Case's suit has been pending since Feb-
ruary, 1904. There have been several post-
gonomenie of the trial because of Mr,

fielci’s physical condition, He is said
to be suffering from nervous exhaustion,
He succeeded to the proprietorship of the
Continental whon his father died.

Mr. Merrifield is said to be about 40 years
old, and Miss Case e few years his junior.

SUICIDE AFTER FIRST REBUKE,

Mrs. Johannsen Put Her Head on a Pillow
fm the Oven and Turned On Gas,

Because she could not stand the first harsh
words ber husband had ever used toward
her in nine years of married life, Mra. Anna
Johannsen of 108 West Ninety-third street
killed herself some time on Sunday even-
ing by placing her head on a pillow in the
oven of a gas stove and turning on the gas.
; Coroner Harburger learned that Mrs
.. gonmeese remained in bed all day Sunday.

‘er husband chided her for ber indolence
» and finally went away SAety At 5 o'clock
* the maid left the house. Mrs, Johannsen
» waa still in bed. Mrs. Johannsen’s body
3 found late in the evening by William

Wellman, the janitor, He smelled gas,
went to the Johannsen apartments and
was himself overcome by gas, Hewassaved
from asphyxiation by two tenants. They
crawled up 4 fire escape and dragged him
out of the flat. Mrs. Johannsen was kneel-
fng before the stove, with ber head in the

, dead,

Fohannena, who has a cery store at
686 Colurubus avenue, did not home
12:00 A.M, At first be took his wife's
coolly,then he broke down and told
Coroner he had chided his wife. He
it was the first time he had ever epoken
ly to her, Mrs. Joharmsen's father ts
. W. Eaeers, a real estate dealer of 41

‘est Ninety-fowrth street. He owns
apartment house in which his daughter
. ed OT me ag

Oe " -
7 MUM ALS CE NO

 

 

pre

 

      
   
     

    
  
 
     
 
 
 
  
 

 

 
     

   
  
 

 
 

an? Get ach iter Sareing Baty.
Bre. deanio Proven Poae, wife of Meney |
WA. Page. @ bin rtor af bkeatay lv
ae come (ted lout @ aunieerienn
at fnWernd of A » the cen eer

believed examiners in lunacy had altogether |

Page,
said, was not to blame. ‘The |

i, Iran Wor KEEP nKa|

|

/

|
|

{ WEPP whe Rs eeKET SS fee.

 

Too sete af Muagitatity tant
Wwe ¢ ter Benite for Print

wee halpine come =PFreneht ne
ered that’e Revw F ogee lnte Ceneitite,” vtt
Mirctetco Wilieee Keen of Chee T nitert Stated
ehip Mery here

How dit @ Neppen?’ voter! Wegtetrate
Poo!, ote @He of the beneh of (he Jofevant
Mat et pr iiow arma. 6.

Keogh wee fet a prienrer

on!

ite @ae lf

eet = yretentag ae campleinan amine
dowa ¢. farke and the wife, Clietre, of int
Wert Taont yg otglith aren Viens be tebe
hie atory the pair were helt in B00 teil

enol for trial
“| Cae eetting my cheese chine an Sue
day afterneen at the corner oft Twenty

ninth atewet ant Wet avon ill Kengeh
“when f aw ene French ashore coming
along. There were aeven of eight of them
etd they were all loade| ff knew they

} needled looking after art, ae we ate all ofa

} ine!

of a reception conumnittes for them,

f took them in tow. fF got then into twa

| eaby atel delivered them to the offieer of

fin Tuer Sen of Sunday, wer
before dJiuetion Newburger, whe
a writ willing for Mere Page'e pro
in court yeeterday morning. dobn
4 Pine, attorney for the es nitertam, ina
F to Mra. Leonard, wrete that Mra
f “wae fot & aitalle aulject for the |

and that the ate |

} know anythin

| leet mony

| know you can't

| Thomas F

the day at the foot of Weat Siettet h at root
You keow the French menof war are
jJuet off there,"

‘That'« fine; ery comrmendable,® inter.
Fipted! the Court ‘Tm going to aee thet
it be hrowgit to the attention of the proper
pee tit what hia thet to co with thee
lef ‘
Weil, your Honor, t had forgotten to
poy for my shine, [ went back to pay for
it ood fT met thie man, Burke, there He
toll ino he'd eoen what Ud dene and we had
a drink on it Then [went to ble house
for supper. We had some mere stuff pent

In, and I gave a $20 gold plece for it, Mra.
Burke kept the change, and thi thought
they hid me eo mised up that wouldn't

more about it.”

Detectives Roy amt MeCiee of the West
Thirtieth street police station, who arrested
the Burkes, corroborated parts of Keogh's

enough,” anid
explain, Mr
Mrs. Burke, and I don't want you bw.
going \o hold you to the limit.

* Theat "s
Birke and
I'm

 

OrieR POLICE EVIDENCE,

Some One Shot at Feeney; Wife Aceusah®
Man Whe Weuldn't Tell Hao Biack Eye,
ney, a bartender at 104th

 

| atreet aud Columbus avenue, his wife, Ruth,

this announcement word eame to | Feeney,
Page bad been re- | court yesterday morning

the request of the directors, bad made |

ported that they could find nothing in |
condition to justify |

Page |

\ others, a boy of 4 and the baby, are in the |

+-—_——

 

} ground,

who lives with him at 72 West 102d street,
and John H. Fisher, who tends bar with
were arraigned in the West Side
by Policeman
Coyle of the West 100th street station house,
because some one had fired three shots at
Feeney. Mrs. Feeney was charged with
doing it when arrested, but the masterly
way in which Coyle presented his evidence
caused Magistrate Moss to discharge all
the prisoners.

“It appears to me that the policeman
in this case is keeping k the evidence,”
said the Magistrate. “This woman should
be held on some charge or other but it is
impossible for me té entertain one on the
statements of the officer. I ought to send
a copy of the testimony to Headquarters.”

When the Magistrate called the case
Coyle arrainged Feeney and his wife, but
said nothing about Fisher, who had been
arrested because he wouldn't tell what
he knew about the shooting. Coyle said
that he was two blocks away when he
heard the shots fired and that the revolver
lay at the woman's feet when he got to the
scene. When one of the court clerks told
the Magistrate that Fisher was also a pris-
oner the latter was arraigned, and the
Court said to Coyle:

“Why didn’t you tell me of this arrest?”

“I didn't know about it,” replied Coyle,

“Why were you arrested and how did you
get your black eye?” asked the Court of the
prisoner.

“Policeman Eckhoff struck me without
catise and then arrested me,” replied Fisher.

When Eckhoff was questioned he said that
Coyle had.told fim to arrest Fisher.

Then the Magistrate asked Coyle about
it but the latter muttered some unintelli-
gibe reply, which caused the Court to
discharge the prisoners in disgust.

LIGHTNING CAUSES DAMAGE,

Big Dairy and Two Barns Strack and Con.
sumed With Five Horses and 35 Cows.

Hoosick Fauus, N. Y., April 8).—The
most destructive storm this season struck
eastern New York and southern Vermont
soon after midnight last night, and lasted
until daybreak, Thunder crashed for sev-
eral hours and lightning accompanied.
Throughout thie section come reports of
fires caused by buildings having been
struck by lightning. Just before 8 o'clock
the dairy located near Petersburg was
struck and was quickly consumed with most
of its contents, which included thirty cows.
The property was owned by F. E, Rosen-
berg and known as Grogan Dairy,

Later in the morning the barn of George
Van Buren of East Greenbush was burned,
having been hit by BEneaIne, ‘The big barn
and wagon house of the Mammoth rin
Company, located near West Sand Lake on
the Albany turnpike, was burned to the
ive horses, five cows and one
young bull were burned to death, Twenty
tons of straw and hay, wagons, harnesses,
&c,, were consumed, In none of these
places was there any fire protection, so that
all efforta were directed toward saving ad-
joining propery.

In several districts throughout the county
etreams were forced over their banks an
much damage caused from floods. Low-
Jandg south of Hoosick Falls were com-
pletely submerged and railroad tracks were
covered, Several washouts are reported
along the line of the Boston and Maine Rail-

road, Pires base cee
ASKED QUEER QUESTIONS,

Government Puzzles Candidates for Fire-
men's Places Were Asked to Solve.

Supreme Court Justice Maddox in Brook-
lyn yesterday denied the application of
Charlea Koenig and fifteen others for per-
emptory write of mandamus against the
Municipal Civil Service Commission order-
ing their names placed on the eligible list
for appointment in the Fire Department.

They were members of the Richmond
county volunteer fire department, and
passed the physical examination, but failed
on the mental examination. They alleged
that the mental examination had to do
with matters entirely foreign to the work
of firemen. In denying t application
Justice Maddox said:

“Some of the questiéns propounded have
nothing whatever to do with the duties of
a fireman and are of a character to create a
doubt asa to whether the scheme for the
apponinedt for fitness and merit is being
pu

 

 

to a fair test. What has a fireman to
do with the duties of a County Clerk or a
Corporation Counsel, or the difference be-
tween a grand and a petit jury, or what
majority in the Legislature is necessa
to pasa a law over the Mayor's veto?
cannot conceive that-—and doubt if—the
members of the Civil Service Commission
were aware of the questions. The Fire
Commissioner should have been, But the
court cannot here review the acta of that

commission in frami the conditions.
That question is not fore the court.
Motion denied. No costa."

CAME BACK AFTER 19 YEARS.

Campbell's Chiktren Didn't Know Him and
His Wife Woukin’t Recelve Him.

BLOOMFIELD, N. J., April 30.—Pierce
Campbell, a plumber who has been away
from his home in Passaic avenue for nine-
teen years and who had been given up as
dead, made his appearance at hia old home
this morning. None of his children knew
him. His wife refused to take him back
and Campbell went away never to return,
he said.

Campbell ie now in the navy, where he
has been for over six years. tte was one
of the men injured by an explosion on the

battleship several years "
He was one of the creas of the dire

department here.

the Court. “Tt |
quiring into the personal affairs of Marrone

STULL «OR PEN SRW
Cnet bem ween

@ivert Cleaning treretiqation Plave fa
heee Wen at Tew Wemen iv five
alters Principat Peatare ef tt fe
Harrone' sO Hares. Pwwer Porart tery

Siother aemeton of Chee “bepwewt iat ben’
fat the pretherhe of (he ateaet (leant
fieportmene whieh Wilken MM. Tetwe
Comiueting at (he City Mad hefare @ cern
filtiew of Alcernnet wna held geatertay
There ware three men and tea @omen in
| the galiery

Got a comp of feathery eae Prenat ert

concerning (he actin intet ration of the St pret
Cleaning Department, with the exception
of a report made by an aceonntant hired
hy the committed on the coat of the work
in Hrooklen Thie report went to ehow
that the cost of carting and final dianoaltion
wae groater in 1006 than it wae in 1001 Mr
fland, counsel for Commissioner Wood:
bury, avid that it wae full of Inacouracios,
end he got permission fo aubmit a @eritten

reyly

The reet of the seweion wae taken up
mainly with (he testimony of Joseph Mar
rone, who hae the privilege of trimming the

city dumps Aa Dr. Woodbury haa teat
fled, and aa Marrone himself testified yee

terday, the city dows hot pay him, but be |

pays the city. He has an agreement with
the department by which he paye $1,200 «
week for the privilege of picking and trim-
ming the dumps. ‘This ie reduced to some-

| thing like $700 by the rebate which is allowed |

j

 

—

him for the refuse used for atoking the boil-
ers of the municipal electric Light plant at
the foot of Delancey street

Much time was devoted yesterday to in-

asa sort of examination in aupplementary
proceedings
“Didn't you go broke at the Guttenburg
racetrack Lenk in the ‘s0's?” asked J. H
Cohen, Mr. Ivins’s assistant
“I did,” was the answer
“Why don't you pay the judgments that
are pending against you?”
“Because I haven't got the money.”
“How much money have you in your
pocket now?”
“About $12.”
“Does that belong to you?®
“Yes.”
“Do you own the diamond rings and dia-
mond horseshoe pin that you are now wear-

,
*No, they belong to Mary Brown.” Mrs.
Brown is Marrone’s sister-in-law and all

| his business is done in her name.

|

|

 

“Do you know Sheriff Hayes?”

“I do,” was the answer.

“Did you ever take any money to him?”

*No; why should [?”

Alderman Dowling, a minority member
of the committee, then took the witness

been brought into this matter.
Have ever had any business trans-
actions of any kind with him?”

“I have not,” replied the witness em-
phatically, and Mr. Cohen asked no more
questions on that score.

The childlike forgetfulness of Marrone
about his business affairs caused Mr. Ivins
to do some thundering and lightning.

“Do you know oe penany for perjury?”
Mr. Ivins asked, finally.

“I do not.”

“Well, you will find it out,” said Mr. Ivins.

“All right,” replied the witness placidly.
At the conclusion of the hearing the chair-
man of the committee announced that a
transcript of the testimony would be sent
to the District Attorney. The “investiga-
tion” will go on to-morrow morning at 10:30
o'clock.

Oe
MURDER OF MISSIONARIES.

Marist Brother Tells How Six of His Co-
workers Were Killed tn China.

The newspapers have reported the mas-
eacre of six Catholic missionaries in Nan-
tehang, China, on February 25. The fol-
lowing is a letter written from the scene
of the murder by a Marist Brother to the
Society for the Propagation of the Faith,
427 Lexington avenue, relating the circum-

stances of this tragedy:

“Bishop Ferrant, Vicar Apostolic of
Kiang-Si, bad been endeavoring for some
time to obtain from the Chinese authori-
ties the punishment of tM murderers of
some of his Christians, The Mandarin
was Willi to grant & peounlary com-
pensation, but nothing else, The vice-
prefect of Nan-tohang wae of the same mind
and refused to punish the guilty ones,

“On the 22d of February this Mandarin
called at the mission at meal time. It
was not the first occasion he had invited
himself to Fapher Lacruche’s table. Dur-
ing the dinner the discussion was resumed
the official insisting that the difficulty could
be settled for a cash consideration. Father
Lacruche refused, declaring that the bishop,
as well as himself, desired nothing else
but the punishment of the criminals.

“The meal over, the Mandarin retired
to another room and attempted to cut

 

his throat. After the firet care given
to the wounded man the priest ran in
haste to the Governor to inform him of

the event.

“This had happened on Thuraday. What
occurred on Friday and Saturday I do
not know, but on Sunday morning the
mission and the schoo] were set on fire, and
Father Lacruche and five Marist Brothers
were killed by an infuriated mob.

“Fathers Salavert, Martin and Rossignol;
with the five nuns of the school, made
their escape to Ff dappccesited but Father
Ralavert, exhausted by emotion and fright,
died on reaching that cily.

“The Chinese press was soon filled with
the most odious calumnies against the
fathers, Father Lacruche was denounced
as the murderer of the Mandarin, and the
natives, who do nos need such incentives,
were exhorted to kill all those ‘savage mis-
sionaries.' To-day, the truth vn un to
be known, the press has changed its tone.

“The oly is quiet and rather scared, for
two French men-of-war are in the vicinity,
and reparation may be soon demanded,

“Tt is said that the Mandarin is not dead,
and that his wound is not even a serious
one,

—<$< $$$
WOULD-BE COURT ATTENDANTS.

Men Who Want Jobs Out Against 6112 000
Worth of New Policemen.

Twenty-five members of the Court At-
tendante’ List Association, composed of
men whose names are on the civil service
list for appointment as court attendants,
headed by the president, Matthew Horgan,
went to the meeting of the Board of City
Magistrates yesterday afternoon. They
asked that the $112,000 recently voted to
Police Commissioner Bingham by the Board
of Estimate, with the support of the Board
of Magistrates, to hire 189 policemen to
take the place of those detailed to the
courts, be used in hiring civilian attend-
ants in the magistrates’ courts instead.

Thore were not enough members present
to constitute a quorum, Bo the court attend.
ant aspirants were invited to put in their
protest at the next monthly meeting. The
magistrates have already decided that they
prefer police attendants in the courts.

<<
MADE DESPERATE BY ‘GOSSIPS,

Mrs. Ortowltz, Who Jumped Before Train,
Thought Husband Had Another Wife.

Mrs, Annie Ortowitz, who jumped in
front of a Second avenue elevated train
on Sunday, begged Magistrate Baker in
the Yorkville police court yesterday to
let her go home to enjoy her now found
happiness. She explained that she had been
made desperate by hearing some gossi
that made her think her husband ha
another wife living. The two have been

ed only nine months. The police had
made an investigation and assured her
that ber hus no other wife.

*Let me take , Judge, and I'll

ber, She's the only woman [

good to
Pr BSS a tan

 

 

eee
aa cena
SS eeeseresseaselilliosssssereee eee

luesday,

Special

 

meinen te  FUESDAY,_MAY_1, 1906.
‘ow "IVINS THUNDERS AT MARRONE |

May 1st.

Sale of

” Silk Petticoats
and Lingerie Waists.

 

Special Offering of

Silk Petticoats

at Manufacturer's Prices,
in Gray Pongee, plain and embroidered;

in Taffeta (best quality

) in a great variety of

styles in Black, Colored, White, and Black and
White; 37, 49, 42-inch, from

$3.75 to

$15.00.

 

Lingerte

Waists.

A variety of styles of waists in Fine Batiste or
lawn, trimmed with lace or embroidery, at

$2.50, $3-75, $4.95, $5.75;

(much below regular value.)

 

Lord &

Taylor,

Broadway and Twentieth St., Fifth Ave., Nineteenth St,

 
    

 

HELD FOR BABY FARMING,

Man Who Was Carrying = Dead Child to a | Recorder's Comment on Two Cases—-Wit- \

Hespital Gets in Troubie.

Through the death of a four-months-old
child, which Charles Muller, who lives at
286 Howard avenue, Brooklyn, was carrying
to the Bushwick Hospital for medical treat-
ment early yesterday morning, the exist-
ence of an alleged baby farm in Muller's
home was discovered by the police of the
Ralph avenue station. The child belonged
to Mamie Denigre, a domestic in the em-
ploy of a physician on McDonou h atreet.

The child was given into the care of
Muller's wife. They moved into the
Howard avenue dwelling only recently.
When Muller reached the hospital with
the child the Bosna discovered that
the infant was dead and they immediately
notifled the police.

Policeman Plant waa sent out to in-
vestigate. When he reached Muller's honise
Muller's wife informed him that another
infant, 8 months old, whose mother is a
Mrs. Murphy, also a domestic in a physi-
cian’s home, had died a short while before.
A third child, belonging to a seventeen-
year-old girl, was very ill and was later
removed to the Convent of Mercy in |
Brooklyn.

Muller waa arrested and held at the |
Ralph avenue police station under section 269
of the Penal Code, which makes it a crime
for any person to board children under
the age of 12 years, not their own relatives,
without a permit. Muller was arraigned |
later in the Gates avenue police court |
and held for a hearing to-morrow, Sum- |
monses against Mrs. Muller and the mothers |
of the three infants were also issued,

PILOTS RESIST NEW RULFS.

Ask Coarts to Say That Port Wardens Have
Gone Beyond Their Powers.

The new pilot regulations for Hell Gate,
put into effect on April 9 by the Board of
Port Wardens, are not altogether approved
by the Sound pilots, and one of them,
Iaaac N. Stillwell, bas obtained from Su-
preme Court Justice Scott a writ of certio-
rari for the review of the regulations.

Pilot Stillwell says that behind the change
in the re tions is an attempt to change
the whole Hell Gate system of pilotage.
Under the new rules there is to be only one

ilot boat, of twenty-five tons net, at the

ell Gate pilot atation, while under the
former rules, authorized by the act of 1882,
there have been two or more boats of twenty
tons net. The new boat is to be known as
the station boat.

Stillwell also takes exception to the new
rule that the inside station is to be fixed
at City Island and the outside station at
a three mile radius from Execution Rock.
The new rules also increase the penalites
that pilots may incur.

The change in the rules, Stillwell says,
is illegal and unconstitutional, as inter-
fering with his means of livelihood as a

ilot and as in violation of previously ex-

sting lawa which have not been repealed
or amended,

Justice Scott examined Stillwell's papers
and remarked in granting the writ that
there seemed to be some doughtasto whether
the pro rogulations do not go too far
or at least beyond the authority vested
in the Board of Port Wardens by law.

MRS, DU MONT PAROLED.

Polloeman by Her Bed Kept Woman Who
Teok Polson in Hysterical Condition,

At the request of relatives of Mrs. Ivon
du Mont, who swallowed poison aocident-
ally last Thursday afternoon in the. Belle-
claire Hotel and was sent to Roosevelt Hos-
pital charged with attempted suicide,
Magistrate Moss, in the West Side court,
paroled her from custody yesterday after-
noon until she is able to go to court.

The Magistrate took this action because
he learned that the presence of a police-
man beside the bed of Mrs. du Mont oon-
tinually had caused frequent attacks of
hysteria and had threatened to prevent her
recovery as long as it was kept up.

Mra. du Mont will not leave the hospital,
however, until she can go to court to have
we cet of attempted suicide formally

m ;

PERIL OF FATHER-IN-LAWING.

You May Be Sued for Alfenating Yeur
Daughter's Affections.

Robert E. Lenaert, a Maiden lane jeweller,
has begun an action in the Supreme Court
againat his father-in-law, Ludwig Jochum,
to recover $25,000 damages for alienation
of his wife's affections. Lennert's mother-
in-law is also joined asa party defendant,

Jochum is said to be a well to do barber
in Queens, and the parente-in-law would
like to have the suit tried on their side
of the East River. An applitation to this
effect was made yesterday to Supreme |
Court Justice Scott, who reserved decision,

The Lennerts were married on March 26,
1908, and in January last Mrs. Lennert
went to call on her parents, She became |
a mother while on the visit, and has not |
since coe to ber pamand Lepcere |
eays paren ve poison r
mind egainst him,

 

 

 

 

 

ee ree SSS SSE EE EEE Eee

 

 

a

MURDER AND NO PENALTY.

nesses Spirited Away.
“Last Friday,” said Recorder Goff in
the General Sessions yesterday, “I was com-
pelled to discharge a man accused of mur-

| der, and the admitted facts were these:

Two men were seen together by a police-
man, One man fell and the other ran.
The policeman ran to the man who had
fallen ‘and found he had received nine stab
wounds in the body and the knife with
which the stabbing was done was sticking
in his body. The officer drew out the
knife and pursued the man who ran and
caught him. There were blood stains on
the prisoner's hands.

“It is lamentable that such things should
occur in the heart of the city and no one
be held for the crime. It is lamentable
that in this community with its boasted
civilization and multiplicity of laws and
law officers a man eaninen of crime can
escape without even the form of a trial.
The Grand Jury was justified in discharging
him, no doubt, but in my opinion it be-
tokens gross negligence and incompetency
somewhere that a brutal murder like that
should take place and no one be brought to
justice.”

James J. Keneagh, who was indioted
for murder in the first degree, was brought
before the Recorder. He was accused of
killing Patrick D. Morgan in a saloon fight.
That was eight months ago. His counsel
obtained from Judge O'Sullivan on March
23 an order that unless Keneagh was tried
before April 16 he should be discharged.

“In this oase,” said the Recorder, “the
District Attorney is unable to prcgned to
trial. I do not say that it is because of
delay or negligence-I am simply com-
menting on the facts. Under the order
of Judge O'Sullivan I can do nothing else
but discharge the prisoner. He may be
innocent but the Grand Jury found enough
evidence to indict him,”

Assistant District Attorney Nott ex-
Jained that several important witnesses
nad been epirited away and that without
them there was no case against Kencagh.
Every effort to get them back had been
unsuccessful.

TRAIN ROWDYISM PUNISHED.

18 Boys Arrested on Sunday on Subway
and Elevated Cars.

When Justice Zeller took his seat on
the bench in the Children's Court yesterday
morning there were eighteen boys in the
room who were arrested on Sunday for
rowdyism on elevated and aubrey trains,
Two were fined $10 each and njamin
Sinenovitch, 14 years old, of 150 East 118th
street, was sent to the Catholio Proteotory.
Justice Zeller fined the rest of the boys §5

 

ea .

“I intend to do all that I can to break
up this Sunday rowdyism on the trains.
It's an outrage, and if I had my way I
would send all these boys to the Protec-
tory,” said the Justice .

 

 

Dying Is Not Popular.

The number of deaths in Greater New
York the past week was only 1,523, as com~-
pared with 1,636 last year, although the
mortality from measles and broncho-
pneumonia has been three times as great
as last year. The decrease comos from
all other diseases, especially tuberculosis,

heart disease and ocerebro-spinal menin-

gitis.

 

     

The Best Bitter Liqueur,

Underberg Boonekamp Bitters and

improve
meals it gives a relish to food and aids

digestion—always the same since 1846.
Call for a ‘‘pony'’ at any first-class bar.
Enjoyable as o cocktail and better for you.

,900,000 bottles imported to the U. S.

i

204 William Street

 

    

FOUND INV

The Flint Principle.

Sixty-six years of furniture building has given
“FLINT QUALITY" a national reputation,
Our aim is to improve the best efforts of each
season, a principle which has resulted in giving
our products the benefit of the latest and most
improved methods of construction and finish at
minimum cost.

A visit to our showrooms will result in much
benefit to the prospective home furnisher who
is desirous of securing “‘correct” pieces, our
decorative staff being available at all times to
serve patrons without charge in the matter of
suggestions and sketches.

GEO C FLINT Co

WEST 23% STREET

   
 

|| W. M. DAVIS

| Professor of Geology
at Harvard University

has written an article for

The Evening Sun
To-day

ON

The

Earthquake |

at

San Francisco

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,

AA

 

I

Put
New Life
in the Home

by exchanging your piano,
which can be played only by
hand, for a

Sterling

(Combination)

Playerpiano

on which anyone can play
by aid of the STERLING
Music Roll—two instruments
in one; always ready without
attaching or detaching for
either hand-playing or music-
roll playing.

A popular price and ttrms
made to suit.

Sterling
Piano

Company,
518-520 Fulton St.,

Corner Hanover Place, Brooklyn, N. Y.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.

 

   

 

Pellet That Schubert Killed Himself tn a
Fit of Despondency.

The mystery surrounding the death of
Albert Schubert, whose body was found in
St. Ronan's Well in Newtown on Sunday,
has not been fully oleared up, but the cir-
cumstances are believed to point more to
suicide than to foul play. The police have
found several persons who saw the man
wandering about Newtown and Corona on
Tuesday afternoon and Wednesday last,
acting strangely and muttering to himself.
When last seen Schubert was going in the
direction of St. Ronan's Well.

‘A son of the dead man called at the New-
town police station yesterday and was
closely questioned by Coroner Ambler,
The son said his father had been despondent
ever since one of his sons died about a year
ago. Before his father went away on
Tuesday last he collected $35, and gave this
money to his wite. The bloodstained
knife which was found in the grass close to
the well was identified by the son as belong-
ing to his father.

 

—_

Drink to the health of your friends in

your own, Taken before

ee

At alt Hotels, Chebs and Restaurants, or by the
bettie at Wine Merchants and Grocers,

BOTTLED ONLY BY

. Underberg Albrecht, Rheinberg, Germany
LUYTIES BROTHERS, Gent Agents
MODEL WINE CELLARS

NEW York