OUR DUTY 10 THE FILIPINOS,

apemrpriny rerr vere ws+erer
pred CAP Fe Se eee

fetende Ser fe rape rene 7 ft he
fie for " *, Sevtlelewe
porriatiete + Rerwer ‘ inwetios af
Gone Priie three Sie " ehtewed
vr fy
Ta
' ,
‘ ' ‘
+!
4 f
f the f a wily
nree my He
ant ane
speuking
"4 We oft
a]
' ‘ “are
a ’ eoverning
” .
how ’ s that howe
we fre hae ner een eutieent ta
aie tw ’ ‘ » frie! sft that

he reapers

 

pile f he adopted
he the fe “ we I
think w that they

ir ook (he { carrving on the
governr ey Phiipnine lealanda, but
thar ‘a . ware auch that they
could not ¢ » |) aod thatfi heir honor asa
peopie that they diseharge the
ditiea (ha t involves

*We are a great and prosperous nation
Here are eight millions of people in the
rropica, aiflering » much from our own
people, and vet with a capacity for develop-

 

men! that justifies our making the experi
ment of educating them and of leading them

 

n governmer al practice to ame if they

mately cannot eafely walk alone

We have already done a great dea! for
the Filipinos We have organized a go "4
governme! there: w have aiven therm
artial re tation i@ Gt and we expect
to give them larder representation next

vear by the election by a popular assembiv
which abal! be one branch of the Legislature;
we have been educating and are now edu
cating in the English language a half million
of the youth of the islands; we have intro-
duced health laws and have enforced them,
we have suppressed ladronism, which
was the bane of the islanda in Spanish
dave, we have eliminated the question of
fnare’ lands, but we have not, due to causes
bevond our centro! been able to bring about
@ period of great prosperity there, and, of
course, in hard times it is dificult to con-
vince the people that the Government ts
Bot in some way responsible for this
We have given tue isiands a good, sound
old standard curreney, we have given
them extended telegraph and mail com-
munications and we are just now about to
begin, with Government encouragement,
the construction of some seven or eight
hundred miles of railway
[t is the duty of the citizen to look at

this experiment from the right standpoint:
to understand that we are not in the Philip-
ines for the purpose of tmnaking trade,
ut that we are there to discharge the high-
@s! duty that one nation can toward an-
other people

‘It is very probable that the trade he-
tween the Philippines and the United States
will increase to such proportions as to make
that particular trade useful to both coun-
tries. But we cannot base our conduct
or action on such a motive. What we
do in the Philippines must rest on our
national duty, a ahity which is the greater
because of our prospernty and ability to
discharge it.

“This policy has been sustained in two
mationa! elections and the question then
arises, What are the duties of the other citi-
zens of the United States who have here-
tofore held aloof from such a policy and
denounced it? Ought they not now to hold
up the hands of the Government and to
assist in every way the experiment which
against their will and their express vote
the Government entered tipon? Why should
the anti-imperialists, so called, attempt to
make what we do in the Philippines now a
failure? [s it not a small policy and an
unpatriotic ene? In the beginning the at-
titude of the anti-imperialists and their
extreme statements and their apparent re-
joicing at American defeats undoubtedly
continued the war of the insurrection a
number of months and probably a year
beyond what it would have been had the
insurgents thought there was the whole
pecale behind the Government. Congress

as been generally wise to put the power
for the government of the Philippines
where it ought to be--in Manila ”

Mr. Taft declared that the present con-

 

 

dition of the islands is remarkable, con- |

sidering the many obstructions in building
up the Philippine Government, the dread-
ful agrioiltural depression there and the
consequent financial denression. He said

that there had not been a period of pros- |

rity since Uncle Sam has been in the

lands. Then he added

“One must feed a son's belly before he
develops his mind or gives him politica!
rights. The pendulum moist swing in favor

of the islands and prosperity must come. |

It will be greatly aiaed if free trade be-
tween the United States and the islands
should be established.’

This sentence was wildly applauded, the
only interruption during the address. He
resumed

“Whether this will happen in the present
Congress | do not know. ‘That it will come
ultimately [am contident. That it ought
to come at once Lami stire. When it does
come the people of the islands will realize
how much America has done for them.
Until that time we must expect to be blamed
for everything in the shape of ill that comes
the islands and we must oxpect to encounter
complainta and eriticiam from the Filipinos,
But their attitude ougiut not in the slightest
degree to affect ours or to take from us the
sense of obligation that we should put them
on their feet.”

Mr. Taft held that the educated class in
the Philippines was not now capable of
governing the islands, because there was
much dissension and there would be war-
fare among the various facyions before the
American soldiers could get away if they
were ordered cvithdrawn. The ideas of
even the educated classes on Governmental
policies were very orice, Then the speaker
eontinned

“The Filipinos in faver of independence
are not the practical Filipinos, not the
men who have progressed industrially or
who have lid up property, But the un-
certainty of the policy of the United States

reference to the Government of the
islands, the fear that the opposition party
here may gain control, makes these practi-
ca! Filipinos wary in expressing themsealver
for fear they will suffer if the United Steten
comer to abandon the islands *% * *

It is supposed that if the Democratic
party comes into pawer it will give up the
isiands and turn theny over to the control
of the paarle (hat inhabit them, 1 venture
to predict, although prediction is danger-
ous, that the Democratic party, should it
come into power, would not assume this
responsibility but would proceed on prac-
tically the same lines as have heen fol-
lowed uptothistime. Such a result would
he desirable, because then it would he
shown that both political parties were in
favor of the policy which has been insti-
tuted there and would umte the people of
the country in a great and snecessful effort
for the henetit of humanity,’

 

TROLLEY COMPANY SOLD,

 

Peeksh!ll Lighting and allroad Sold to
Westchester Interests,

Mount Vernon, N. Y., April 80.—The
Peekskill Lighting and Railroad Company,
capitalized at $1,100,000, which furnishes
Kas and electric light to Peekskill and the

adjacent territory and operates ten miles |

of electrie troliey lines, was acquired to-day
vy the daterests controlled by F. 1. Strat+
toner Mount Vernon. Ut probably will be

merged inte the Northern Westchester |

Lighting Company, of which Mr, Stratton
IS president

Phe Peekskill company was the last

  

 

 

Hehting company in Westehester county
not nivel hy the Westchester and
nec er chester lighting companies

er closing the deal a new hoard of di-
rectors ¥ elected, with Mr. Stratton as
presicent. and they took immediate steps

to contract for a new rlant and several
other improvements,

i

 

  
 

    

“4 SQUARE BEAL" PLEASES.

— i

Pottiiont Pray With the Citet Geene Late |

fn (fhe feanene @tate Senate

Kaneww Nae fered in alee! evererhing
ateentional hort 16 hee cere cine? for Relwaerrt

free Give it te \ateet fren in met
ramen \ Sonere fiw tite demmetiat« |
sheet affrvrt ra freeeiiiowd lant meh
' ' ' rt tonne Tieater, telle @
f tle” fe in (hat state
i fal ane sve tant f ena
' ' hea ' rowers “ ned
‘ we shew fein re
' aad of Knee ‘”
‘ } ain emit er
ry ‘ Wiretoek and Cheater lone
laws fint We Piva «ft
Nee heretofore fealt prinnipalle with he
Tee ba ecm in hace el eeenee aa
er ef fey ohe
a snied (he @ ind hia Weetaey
tigtemeye @ith Peetern eyoamor ench aa
Kahenes fever ane snd hee eowererd the
aher!) @fasee region wit tre Rentuetey |

Khloe araee Pie characters are ne more of

Kane than bie trees are and might equaily

well hail from Maeeaschneet(te on Georgia
Hannibal Hawkina, «eho ja represented

afen upright man with very serious loten
fiona foward good government. and whoa
ipparentiy apposed to men with the

muck rake and all legisiatice joe, hae ae
wn anemy one Lhairid Wrordley aman whe
leta nothing atand in hie way to political
preferment Harwkina permite himeelf to
be turned aside from hin canvass for Atate
Senator by Wordley's candidate, Clinton
Hargrave

Rut neo sooner ie Hargrave sicceseful than
he introduces a bill by which he eka to
turn all the public landes of the State over
to the manipulation of Wordley and his
gang.

A pretty achool teacher, Auth Leighton,
brings Hatkina back to a sense of bis duty
and inapires him with a cesire to defeat
this bill) The death of a State Senator
gives an opportunity for an election and
Hawkina enters the contest with much
spirit and vim. He succeeds in defeating
Wordley and goea th Topeka Success
crowns his efforts and he is rewarded by
the applause of enthusiastic Kansans and
the love of the aforementioned achool
teacher

The principal scene of the play and
the one upon which the dramatist has put
forth nis greatest effort is the election
scene in the third act. He haa filled it
with much action and introduced a large
number of people. But whether they
vote that particular way in Kansas is an-
other question. They certainly do not
anywhere else. The audience, however,
was highly pleased with it all and applauded
the demonstration with much fervor

Otis B. Thayer has in Hannibal Hatekina
a character not unlike those in which
he has frequently been seen before. He
plays it with the same deliberation and
makes quite as mich of the honest Kansas
politician as the author has given him

OP ROrABIEY for.
Mise Clara Knott is Ruth Leighton, the
schvooil teacher with high ideals who has a
great influence on the politics of the district
The schemer Darid Wordiey is well done
by S. S. Wiltse, and his tool, Clinton Har-
graves, is played by Elliot Dexter.
Mise Lydia Knott, as the giggling Daiay,
made quite a hit. Miss Zelda Sears was

| well received as the home body, Maria.

“THE DISTRICT LEADER.”

Scene Painter Makes a Hit With the Lobby
of the ‘Kauffman House.’

Joseph E. Howard's new musical comedy
“The District Leader,” produced last night
at Wallack’s, was a triumph of the scene
painter who depicted a part of the lobby
of a hotel, undisguised under the name of

 

| the Kauffman House, with a faithfulness

that brought forth much applause, espe-
cially from those who had never been there
but wanted to make out they had. A
section of Chinatown, a hit idealized and
decidedly cleaner than the original, and a
part of Union Square, mellow with the
tints of autuinn, also were heartily co m-

mended. The singing, for the most part,
was, unlike the scenery, colorless. One
melody, “What'a the Use of Dreaming?

a dope song, has anelement of catch iness
that rnay make it popular for a time, but
the other numbers are merely suggestive

| of muse that haa been heard before.

“The Distriet Leader" conflicts with
well regulated musical comedy traditions
by having a plot, which might have been
constructed by the stage carpenter, 80
beautifully and mechanically does every
tenon fit into every mortise. Tim Halloran
(Harry Stone) in the Democratic candi-
date for Senator, Hia campaign is man-
aged by Sam (Grady (Mark Hart), who
sells him to Dan Lowten (Joseph Allen),
the Republican candidate. Tim is engaged
to Lowton'e duughter, Grace

Tom Lowton, son of the Republean can-
didate, turns up in’New York after a long
time in the West, and as Vom Cole, gets a
job on the Comet as a reporter. With the
help of the clark of the Kauffman House
he finds that (frady is playing double with
Halleran. Halloran has atwin brother, Jim,

| a dope fiend, who is living with Hop Lee

in Chinatown, Valeaka Granger, who mar-
ried Jim two years before, is persuaded by
Grady to declare that Tim is her husband.

She believes he is. The scheme of Grady |

was to have the paperk publish on the
morning of election an account of Tim's
perfidy, and ruin his chances, While Grady
and the others are visiting Chinatown there
is a raid and the existence of the twin
brother is revealed to Valeska (franger.
Tom Cole assumes many disguises, inter-
cepts messiges and otherwise helps to
down Grady.

One of the mest effective parts of the
piece was the finish of the first act, when a

' troop of real scrubwomen came on to clean

up the lobby of the hotel, Mark Sullivan
ax The Mon Who Wanta (to Bet, and Eera
Whittel, editor of the Ladies’ Knitting Needle,
wander through the acts very much as the
Lone }isherman does in “Evangeline” —for
no reason whatever, except, perhaps, to
et off jests that lave been appearing in

| the comic papers for the last ten years.

Mr. Howard, the author of the play, took
a minor part and sang clearly a song called
“The Big Banshee.” he chorus waa large
and finely costumed. Harry Stone's asump-

tion ofthe dual part of Timand Jim Halloran |

met with enthusiastic approval.

W. J. Kelly in Old Favorites,

The William J. Kelly Stock Company
began an indefinite run last night at the
Harlem Opera House, playing “The Mas-
queraders,” by Henry Arthur Jones. The
Kelly company purposes to give a line of
old favorites aud stay as long as they are
popular, There was a big crowd at the
theatre last night, the boxes being filled
with women who carried lavender burgees,
embroidered with “William J. Kelly R. C.

The initials were explained to mean
the “Romeo Club,” an organization founded
after seeing Kelly play Romeo, Miss
Dorothy Donnelly was the leading woman
in the play.

THREE TARIFF CASES,
Supreme Court Grants Writs of Certiorart
for Their Review.

WasnHinaton, April 90.—The Supreme

 

 

 

| Court to-day granted writs of cortiorari

for the review of three tariff cases decided
by the Circuit Court of Appeals at New
York. One of these held that merchandise
should pay duty on its weight upon witn-

' drawal from bonded warehouses, and not

on its weight at the time of original entry,
as heretofore. If this decision is not re-
versed by the Supreme Court the Govern-
ment revenues will lose some $1,000,000
annually on tobacco alone, while the loss
on sugar, wool and hides will bring the
total up to nearly $5,000,000 a year.

The second case concerns the duty on
metal beads, which the lower court held
should be 45 per cent. ad valorem as Un-
enumerated articles composed wholly of
metal, and not at 35 per cent. as beads.
The third case involven the duty on the
Mocha hair imported on Mocha white
sheepskins, whieh had hitherto been free
of duty, but which under the decision of
the court should pay duty at three cents
per pound as thi chase wool,

| lections having been made from artists o1

 

| changed its name to the American Reserve

| tions, and a Boston lawyer says he was

 

; put to A. Smith Bowman of Chicago, presi-

A LONG LOST ART MAGAZINE. |

(WRRTCRY CONMOTSeRI A STOCK |

Crarinicaree rrerry

snd Gevrrat Qrifete Mave @ attentions af |
600 Gperimene tet Wr de far. ihe
Sarina! Preaeqrer Winer Sane fe on
Phen @@ Preettent. tae @een ro Front.

A al ew vie veterln te fine

¢ whet | ‘ ‘ the A memean
(anne ‘ ’ nt ’ vanine | °
evoted ta Cmerionn art. the wih nite
ree sien of witch onder the difeetion
f Climelee de Kay @f sfmneineed theese
voare wa \Wikwiah «ever! ) ane

lollare «a0 cnilected from sftiete§ = afted

| patrons of art fo atart (he joornel the free

romber ia attll a thing of (he future Wheat
hae heeone of (he leet neemarine 1
Fionn which hee been a entjeet for talk anona
New Vork artiete for eame time Inquiries
made of Mr. da Kay and RW. Vonnoh
who have heen connected with the man
agement of the magazine, and other artiafe
whose relation Nhwe conseted eolely in aby
acribing to ite cupital etoek. failed to throw
moet light upon the fate of the rifnal
exvent that it ie apparently, afill loat

laidere Konti, «ho aot the gold mecal
for seulpture at the S&S Loute exposition,
anid veaterday when aaked what he knew
about the fortunes of the American Cane
notareeur

Tam !m the dark as much as any one
elee My connection with the magazine
conalsted entirely in my subscribing $0
for 4 shares of the capital stock. i went
into the thing In the same spirit, I suppose
as did Saint-Gaudens, Niehaus, Harvey,
R. W. Vonnoh, MacNeil and dozens of aculp-
tors and artiate.§ | subacribed because the
enterprise was a worthy one Of couree T
had no idea of getting any return for the
money. [ am, however, interested in the
fate of the journal And when it wae an-
nounced for publication in November,
1908, then announced for a later date and |
then delayed until the American Connor.
fevr apparently ie now a thing for gotten
one wonders exactly what has become of it."

Mr. Konti’s certificates are very pretty |
pieces of paper. “The American Connois-
seur Company,” according to them, was
incorporated at Albany in 1902, with a
capital stock of $50,000; shares, $19 each.
Mr. Konti's shares bear June %5, 1905, as the

date of iasue and the signature of Charles
de Kay as preaident of the company. 8S. R.
Bonnell is down as secretary. Mr. Konti
said that Mr. de Kay said last night that he |
was not the president of “The American
Connoisseur Compan.” and never had

| been to his knowledge. Just now V. Lucien

Sawyer of 353 Fifth avenue, a former life
Insurance agent, was president, general
manager and director of the company, and
Mr. de Kay was treasurer. He had never
had any of the funds in his hands,

“My connection with the American
Connoiaaeur has been rather vague," he
said. “In 1902 I made an effort to start
an art magazine which should he to Ameri-
can art what sucha magazine asthe Sludio
isto Englishart. The need of such a maga-
zine was more apparent than the capital
to start it. I had made some headway
under great difficulties with the project
when several gentlemen, among them this
Mr. Sawyer, came to me and suggested
that since they had interested a good deal
of capitalina similar enterprise we coalesce
Thev begged that [ allow the use of my
name as editor in chief and they would
get the funds to start the magazine [
said, ‘Tean't do anything until you furnish
the funds.’ We finally got together on that
proposition, They were to furnish the
capital and I agreed to turn out a national
art magazine that would pay, the best in
the country. [t was to be beautifully
printed, with colored illustrations and was
to aell at $15 a year in monthly numbers,

“Now, the people who went ont to get
the capital to atart the thing may have
used my name as president in the beginning
If so, it was done without authority, and
this is the first 1 know about it. RoW
Vonnoh was president of the company
atthe first, | think, and pul considerable
money into it) ‘This Mr. Sawver was then
the leading spirit, however, along with a
man named S. R. Bonnell

“Tam sorry to hear that Mr. Wonti lost
any money in the project. | do not know
how much was collected, perhaps several
thousands. 1 knew nothing about any col- |

[ should have stopped it. That isn't right,
I myself tried to interest several men of |
affairs in the jouroal, some successfully. |
They are the ones who should have been
approached, and if any considerable money
was collected, it came from them, Ll don't
suppose anything wrong has bean done,
] dare say the money has been consumed
in’ the usual expenses of management,
Mr. William Sartain, the artist, who is now
down as secretary of the company, and
myself have tried to see Mr. Sawyer re-
peatedly of late and ask for some informa-
tion on the status of the enterprise, but we
have never been able to find him, Thaven't
heard from him in months, and so far aa T
have heard the journal is still going to be
put out if the funds can be raised.”

Mr. Vonnoh declined to say what his
connection with the magazine had been,
For information on the money raised he re-
ferred the Sun eporter to Mr. de Kay,

"TL severed my connection with the man-
agement some time ago,” he said. “The
thing has simply been a fizzle. We juat put
in our money and took our chance that the
thing might go. We lost the money, and
there's no use squealing about it. I sup- |
Sose what was raised a been eaten up
Be the expense of management.”

V. Lucien Sawyer has an office in the
Billings Court Building at Fifth avenue
and Thirty-fourth street, as the “American
Connoisseur Company.” The Copartner-
ship Directory says of the company: “In-
formation unattainable,” which tallies with
the experience of the treasurer

 

 

BOND COMPANY IN TROUBLE,

Massachusetts Patrons Ash for a Receiver
for American Reserve,

Boston, April 30..-Frank W. Ward of
Salem, representing several bondholders in
the American Reserve Bond Company of
Kentucky, this afternoon filed a bill inequity
asking for a receiver and a temporary in-
Junction restrainin the company trom
doing business in this State, and directing
that its property be held for the bond-
holders. An order of notice was issued
by the Court

How much money is involved is not
known, but there are 4,000 holders of bonds
in thie State and their holdings may reach
$500,000,

When the Savings Bank Commissioners
became suspicious of the company in 1905

 

| they refused to permit it to do business.

On November 7 the North American In-
vestment Company of the United States
(incorporated in Delaware), the Southern
Mutual Investment Company of Kentucky
and the Colonial Security Company of
Missouri consolidated and #Hecame known
ag the American Reserve Bond Company
of Delaware.

Six dave later the Southern Mutual

Bond Company, and on November 14 this
company made a transfer to the American
Reserve Bond Company of — Kentucky.
The companies did business in most all
the States, selling bonds which they wrote
themselves on the partial payment plan.
The main office is in Chicago, Subse-
quently the certificates of authority to do
business here issued to the old companies
before consolidation were revoked. Bond-
holders in other Statosalso made investiga -

unable to get answers to the questions he

dent of the company.

In February a meeting of Massachusetts
bondholders was held here and a committee
of five was appointed to take legal stepa
to get their money back, and to-day's suit
in the result.

Cuicaao, April 30.0 None of the Officials
of the American Keserve Bond Company
here could be seen to-night Telephones
were recently taken out of the residences |

of all the officials, and none of them could

be reached. \

  

room and lectured the prisoner, usin
fearful threat, “the Gerry society will get
you if you don't look out.”

Washington and ait in Depew's p
continued, “but you're dead wrong.”

down again, “there is one thing T can't get
| away from and that is my hig Ns
women, I tell you if I was bosain’ the job
in Mulberry street these days there would
be somethin’ doin’. But I don't seem to
cut much ice these days. When IT advocate
anything everybody geta his coppers out
and plays my tip to lose.”

the architecta on the board of directors of
the society, William Walton the painters
and H. A. MacNeil the sculptors.

BER AVED WOTHERS Hear AtR.

ilentifies Mev Mithed fy Car of the Morgue

amt Priee te Jem inte Miver

When her nineeveer-cld am PMarnid
pint eben op at hie here, d9f Weert
Sele third atreet, at @ o'cloete loot night
Wee Panne Prene heegre ereatiy @enrried

iol began md of the pote atatione
eres to her heme She lenened nothing
rt Veet Shety-craheh street station
the Weet Forty arwenth atreat ofa tion

il ne reewrte of her here bt deren af the

vy id) rig ereenth etreet atation (he aw

gent qo Chet ete ie the afternoon) « anal)
how wed heer ran ower and billed by @ here
carat Tenth avenue and Thirty. firet atreet

The deserintion (het the sergeant gave
of the heey eanaed Mee Payne to heenme
areatiy agitated and ahe hurried to the
Vorgue. at the font of Fast Teanty- seth
treet where the Rhety had heen feken

The hoy ae ahown to Ker and ahe iden. |

tifled if ae that of her eon
Mre Payne hed maintained more of

jaee hope that the body wat not prove |
to be that of her sen, ae ahe wae at @ lows to |
understand how he could have wandered |

eo far from hie home Pat after viewing
the body Mire Pavne wandered about the
Morgue fora time ae if daged Ber actions

etrick Night Morgue Keeper Armatrong ae

very queer and he watched her ae she
walked out to the etreet

Armetrong called to the three Morgue
attendants, Jim Shanley, Joe Downey and
Hugh Hilson, to follow the woman and
eee if she took acarfor her home, Aa the
three reached the door of the Morgue they
wav the woman run down the plier fora

distance and then make for the etringpiece. |

Hilson was the awiftest and caught up
with the woman aa she etarted to leap from
the edae of the pier. She hed already
started to jump and the weight of her body
dragged Hilson over the etringpiece with
her Fortunately a brick barge had been

swung in clome by the tide and thetwo ,

fell on the deck of it
Mrs. Payne struggled to free herself, and
it took the combined efforts of the three

attendants to get her up onthe dock. After |
a time she quieted down considerably and |

said she was glad that she didn't throw
herself into the river. She promised to go
to her home, and two of the attendants
were sent to escort her part of the way.

 

SKIDOWD'S FIRST CAPTURE.

 

Sergeant Thinks 12-Year-Old Has Natural
Instinet for the Poelles Game.

Hearing a sound of shuffling feet on the
floor of the station house last night, Sergt.
Tom Walsh of the East Fifty-first street
police station leaned over his desk and saw
two small boys standing before the rail
The smaller of the two had the other boy
by the collar and wrist in true policeman

fashion,

“T want this feller arrested,” aiid the
youngster. “He's been botherin’ me father,
ao I runs him in.”

The small citizen explained that he was |
William Aronzo Skidowd (the sergeant’s |
attempt at phonetic spelling), 14 years old,
of 340 East Forty-ninth atreet. He
said that his father kept a coai ana wood

cellar at 219 East Forty-ninth street, and
that the pore of the neighborhood made ,

iif miserable for him by throwing rubbish

into it. William eaid that the trouble had

been very bad during the ev eane and
that when he went out to give battle, the
“gang” ran away. His captive, Ludwig

Wagner, 10 years old, but much larger than
William, had been caught after a chase of |
saveral blocks. He said he lived at 215

East Forty-seventh street. q
Sergt. Walsh took the boys into the hack

William was oomplimehted on his cour-

| age and told to bring in the rest of the

rang ifthey made trouble. Sergt. Walah
velleves that he has discovered an embryo

cop with natural instincts for the game,

DEVERY CLUB [TS MOVING

 

Back to Quarters Over the Pump Saloon

Big Bill Helps With the Furnitare.
The Four Corners Club, Big Bill Deveryv's

organization in the Ninth Assembly dis-
trict, started to move yesterday, The job
wasn't finished laat night, but will be com-
pleted to-day, The club leaves the second
floor on the northeast corner of Twenty-
eighth street and Kighth avenue and goes
across to the northwest corner and over
the Pump saloon, where the club had its
inception,

Big Bill waa on hand early yesterday

afternoon and aided in the moving. He

was hailed as he was puting acrosa the
avenue with a chair pressed in hi

6 arms
“Where ye going?” asked the passer by.
“Where'd ye think I was goin'?" said Bill

as he put the chair down in the middle of
the thoroughfare, and began to mop his
forehead

“T suppose you imagine I'm going ovante
ace,” he

Just then a southbound trolley car came

| along and Mr. Devery two-stepped with his
chair to the sidewalk,

“Yea, air,” said Bill, putting the chair

regard

Devery said that his association for the

improvement of politics in general was far
from being extinct, and that they were sim-

ply taking advantage of the balmy season

to get away from uncongenial surroundings
to quarters that were otherwise.

 

RCRITICS OF THE STREFTS,

Muntetpal Art Soclety Discusses Pavements

and Garbage Cans,
«Borough President Ahearn and the De-

partment of Highways came in for oriticism

last night at the annual meeting of the

Municipal Art Society, held at the National
Arts Club, in Weet Thirty-fourth atreer,
There were twenty-five persons preannt
The society's committee on thoroughfares
reported through its chairman, William 8.
Crandall, that the borough officiale do
not see to it that repairs of asphalt pave-
ments are properly made. The committee
save it has failed to find any reasonable
explanation why the cost for_repairs should
be so much greater in New York city than
in Washington, Rochester and other cities,
or why the city officials should accept
inferior materials, especially for asphalt
repairs. Material which has been rejected
for years by the asphalt experts of Wash-
ington is cheerfully accepted here, the
committee sayr.

Dr. J. C. Bayles said that the system of

deodorization and sterilization employed in
the Street Cleaning Department is the worst
that eould be imagined. He urged the
society to lift up ite voice in an effort to
suppress the garbage can as it is at present

sterilized or not. The Street Cleaning

Department, said Dr. Bayles, maker its
attempts to deodorize only at the dumps
after the garbage has been carted through
the city.

George P. Post was elected to represent

 

For Dratning Dismal Swamp.
Wasninaton, April 30.—-Represent&tive

Slamp of Virginia to-day introduced a bill
to provide for the use of $2,000,000 of the
irrigation fund for the purpose of draining |
Diamal Swamp.

   

 

RECOMMENDED
TO THE

ADIES

 

BECAUSE OF ITS

ATURITY |
URITY

FRANK NOPAA

ee

 

SODAS PORE PSR

 

Gifls of silver that are
cherished long after the

are stamped
% i
IBATROGERS BROS
Knives, forks, spoons, ete., bearing

this tracer 2
couilzy over,

 

 

 

 

ord fea sets of
exceptional beauty,
ihose mate hy

MEPICEN RITA OF,
ae In the extreme accuracy and Scienti‘ic painstaking In design

WEDDINGS,

Miss Mabel Louisa
Simmons, son of
married yesterday

Toxeph Ferrie

i performed the
ceremony, assisted
was attended b) « dna Graha
Storm, as maid

) Jose hine Atterourys bthel Du Bois, Dororh

that |

bridesmaids hurts (rook

 

Biack, Claren

slep lather,

costume trimmed with old lace and with eourt
She also wore
grandmother
married, and she carried |
of the valley
i» West Lights
bride’s'thother, gave are

Among the bridal miuests

 

 

Atterbury, Mr
Horace Porte

 
  

 

 
  

Samuel B. Hoffinan, \
Khinelander,

 
 

Fdward Siniumons,

  

Livinwaton, Miss Julia ¢

 

Isauoe PR. Bro

 

The marriage of
afternoon at the hoine of e bride's father,
Frank Louis
and Riverside
performed at
by relatives only
gown of white satu

The pride wore a princess
Aifth rose point

 

veil caught wit! natural orange
of white orehids and lilies of the valley
William 8. Lounsber
groom, Was matron of honor
was her sister's
Kilmer Russell Gregot

Frank Lafayette Nugent
William 8, Lounsbery, Ferdinand ¢
r., sidney B. Milla, Morton Belrnc
Thomas Tone Hopper, H

of the bride-
Miss Florence
bridesmaid
assisted as best man,
brother of the bride,

r |
WORLD FAMOUS
HILL CLIMBER HAND

DECAUVILLE
ANTOMOGILE
COMPANY

A large reception
Sherry's ballroom

Those who
Mrs. Thompson Faulkner,

 

 

 

Verdenal, the Misses
Adele Harwood Bloss,

 

Kthel Svivester Rog

To the six story bul

West of Broadway

and best lighted Patablishment de Y
high class Second-hand Automobiles tn | This ts the

Brookes Whitnes 240 West 47th

La Montagne

marriage of
only daughter of Francis Sherwood Kinney,
La Montagne
Patrick's Cathedral

Farley performed the ceremony,
Lavelle and several other priests

Prospective Customers are

itain the finest repair shop, Rody Factory
and Paint shops in New York

STRATIONS always given. Honorable,
ASSURED!

\niong tnany others we quote following oppor-

plaice vester

and Henry
Srehbishop

cledo, thirty. horse $900, Stearns, twenty
Panhard, 1004 Limousine,

recklAceng $2,2 pecial Peerless, f F
sono nee nonin s “Peak ot 44.500 "Teh BL. WILLIS CO, 231 W.

  

 

ver father, Francis S
She carried a bouquet ot
Uhiludetyhiia

 

Louis Larocaur
Thomas hearte

of the bride
Harry Vingut,
MeAnerney,
paling in the ehancel, alse liltes and red roses
and on evers
were standards of |

Ldward Lyneh

  

BRO (LDWAY AUTOMOBILE EXCHANGE,
New Huitlding, 247-240

~~ Automobile Tires 20'> ¢! 215-217 W. 48th St.. West of

AMAZON" Tires are Superior to any Amer-
We POSITIVELY GUARANTEF. thein
rmisned in “ROUND” or “ FLAT" tread; ALL
Use them once and you will SECOND hand Automobiles Int!

ave a breaktas! al
ourth street

“a
Prices CANNOT be Equalled Elsewhere 200 to 2h0 highest grade NUW and

 

WARRINGTON,

 

M. Shepard,
Episcopal Chureh thi !
Moulson ot

ard was attended ty

dore Vogelgesang aod Mi 251 West OF

who was the maid of I
of Chicawo

ushers wore Chase and Mr

Praia pre rvira
way to the Union League to-night Willem

 

bridegroom,

Wood & Co, was fatally injured by fallin
a vent in the sidewalk |
into the cellar of the Land Title Building
His hack and both lege were broken and he FPRAYER-MILLER “MOTOK ¢

is ouffering from concussion of the brain,

perforined by the Rey

rector of the church, ass»
Rartlett of Roch rN
tion followed at the bone

A staall recep

   

Al TOWN Fe

SA nee nme ee ee ee

SLA, Wee
BN Ys UT et

".

What's your idea of “high”

power?

High on paper or high in
working capacity? High to talk
about or to a0?

Many acar rated “ thirty’ won't carry the
same load as fast and continuously under any
circumstances as this Franklin Type D. No
other car of any rating can comfortably carry
load as fast on average country roads.
No jolting or jarring in the well-springed

Franklin.

Four-oylinder Runabout
Four-evlinder Light Tourir
bour-evlinder Touring Car
Siax-eylinder Touring Car

F. O. B. Syra

The Decauville Automobile Co.,
New @arage, Corner 56th and Broadway.

 

ee a rece ess coneenneene—o o SSS

Automobile
Reputation

and construction, the Automobiles produced by some of tha
more reputable and substantial builders may have muchin 461i.
If this similarity and common excellence among the tow of
the leading cars makes difficult the choice of the prosper sv: suse
tomer, there is always one other point on which to fri! back—
REPUTATION—and when REPUTATION \s consice *'

 

  

fs the choice. What the name Studebaker is to the horse-drawn
vehicle it is to the Automobile~a name with a reputation behind
it. Is it not reasonable that the experience of fifty years in the cone
struction of fine vehicles should make itself felt in the Studcbaker
Automobile? Behind reputation there {s always responsibility, |
and behind that merit. Buy the Studebaker. Call at our wares
rooms and inspect the many styles.

Gasoline
Touring Car

Model F.

Four cylinder, a8-s0 h. pe
Speed, atoas miles per hour
Rearwheelsofthefloatingaxie
type. Allwheels full ballBoar-
ings A marvel of simplicity,
yet complete in every detall.

Price $3000, without top.

STUDEBAKER

 
 

Broadway and 7th Ave., at 43th St., New York. +

  

GLISHPAIMLER

ALL PARTS ON

BROADWAY

 

 

We handie only perteet up to date f 1
Selling on &% commission they MUST BE PER-
FECT, and at priees that will sell quick!

BROADWAY AUTO. EXCHANGE | PD 0fUKIUAINES oss"

don't enter our buliding

many Automobiles, After Viewing

called bargains adver 1

Us and | CONVINCED. Latest arriva
SIDL ENTRANCI

Yales, Pope Hartfords, Columblas

White Steamers, bords, Monarchs

from

Stde Entranee. $2,000: | LIARLE Second hand Automobi!
q Entrance. § Intending Purchasers WiLA OME

Cadiiiac Tonneaus, with

Oldsmobile Tonneaus Fatablished 1b seams Velephone
$800, $2,500 Knox, $650,

side entrance, $1,400, Autocar, type

(better than new), $h50 | AUTOMOBILE BARGAINS

viles, Very powerful, also Limousines,

 

which will be the largest buil
exclusively for the sale of Autor
WE are the LARGEST dealers

curry the LARGEST stock A\*

\utomoblles of standard make

Clothing, Caps, Lamps

lire Lrons, Tops, Plugs, ete, ete. ete $5,000.00 Complete ist sent ur

oth TIMES SQUARE AUTO CO.,
J. WILLIS CO., Two Stores. AY W. 4sth Street

Stock of Automobile

DOWN TOWN -

en eS eee
; : } Highest prices pald for good

Old Man Fatally Hurt by Felling Through b. J. Wit LIs. 1 Wee Saath

sidewalk Vent, cx A SISBIDE shld

April #0 While on his Automobiles Bhonght for Spot ©oach

s Hark ice AUTOMOBILES WANTED.

   

hone, $151

TIMES qt vt ALTO
treasurer of R. D, PIN 217 West a8
CRAWEOKD MOTOR Cats

DELIVERIES, 164 4. Stn st

 

 
 

     
 
  

  
  

eh

AT 56TH ST.
NEW YORK

 

 

secre) of our siccess In selling #0
tised by smaller

Winton, Cadilinos

f

Pope Robin:
sone, Pope Toledos, Peerless Franklins
biles, Mors, Pipes, Vanhards, etc, ranging in prices

1-3 to ¥-2 Aciual Price Value
We are LARGEST handlers of up-to date

 

EPRCH | Removed to our New Culding at
Broadway

\\ OR LD avd

INV LOCATE

Broadway and O5th St.