er

a  eeicr  n S ete

>=

! poundary between Africa and Asia ran

   
 

 

, .
Ae.
|
a= > Si
TURBDAY, MAY |, \o08

wae “
Batered 46 he Poet Omen o fy 40 Geeand

fleee Wat Satter
a= .

Seherrintions he Walt, Poorman,
BAILY, Pee Monn ene
OINY, Per Venr aue
AUNTIAY, Per Vou one
BAILY ANTI GO NDAY, Per Vener eae
DAILY AND AU NAY. Per Month TT

Pastage to foreign conntrice added

Published fy The Gon Printing and Pot ‘
AARITATIOR 41 170 Nomen at reet fy (08 Merinen of
Mawhatian, Sow )

If @yt frtenie * we een . se pane

PwdeMTION WHEN Cr hoe reted articles rerwened, ey
MUM Oh All cared cond Creme ouraese
eames
Boner to This Labor Union!
We are indebied to a New Yorker [vet

eo for & eany

of tha

Peturned from San brane
of a len! nv
preliminary action of the union brick |
layers at Oakland, indicating the policy
of the union with regard to rebuilding
operations

There has been no more encouraging
news from the scene of calamity than this
prompt refusal to take advantage of the
common misfortune, this vote to main- |
tain the old scale of wages, this decision |
to work overtime when necessary at the
regular pay for extra labor, and this
implied willingness to hold tho field
open to all competent mechanics of the
same trade, whether members of tho
union or not.

Most Americans will join Tug Stn
in hearty admiration of the spirit mani-
fested by the union bricklayers at their
meeting at Oakland on Saturday, April
21, even before the fires had burned out
across the bay.

os

Tabah.

The dispute bet ween Cireat Britain and
Turkey that arose over the occupation |
by Turkish troops of a place called |
Tabah, probably of importance only in
relation to the boundary between Egypt
and Turkey, seems now to be broad- |
ening into a more serious question,

The position of Tabah does not appear |
on any ordinary English map, but there
is a place called Dabah on German maps
a short distance north and slightly east
of Akaba at the head of the gulf of the
game name. Whether Dabah is the
same as Tabah cannot be said for certain |
on present information, but it seems
likely. To be reached by British or Egyp-
tian troops by sea a landing would have |

wapapers rep nt

 

 

 

to be made at Akaba, and this would be |
an act of war. It is therefore probable
that any troops sent in that direction
from Egypt would go by land so as to
gaintime and await the results of diplo-
matic action, avoiding immediate mili-
tary offence, |

As will be seen by our map, the anoient

from the head of the Gulf of Suez to
Fl Arish on the Mediterranean. This
place is said to have been occupied re-
cently by Turkish troops, The con-
tested frontier starts from Raphia to
the eastward of El Arish, and zigzags
down to Akaba, cutting off the whole
Sinaitic peninsula from Turkey and
placing it under Anglo-Egyptian adimin-
istration,

Under these circumstances, Maan, to
the northeast of Akaba about sixty miles
and the head of the first section of the |

Damascus-Hedjaz railway, becomes a |
point of military importance, Already |
a considerable force of Turkish troops
is said to be concentrated there, with
reenforcements up the line toward Da-
mascus ready to be moved south,

The Responsibility for an Anthracite
e Strike,

No fair minded person can read the
published correspondence between the
owners and workers of anthracite mines
without recognizing that the privation
and suffering to which constmers moy
be subjected by a protracted strike will
be due tothe unreasonable position taken
by Mr. Joun Mircueny, the spokesman
of the miners.

Public opinion might not have been so
favorable to the owners of the hard coal
mines had the latter persisted in their
original refusal to grant any of Mr,
MITCHELL's demands and confined them-
selves to offering a renewal for & second
triennial period of the agreement to
abide by the award of the Anthracite
Coal Strike Commission, with which they
have complied for the three years ended
March 31, 1906, ‘That offer is still open,
but Mr. Grorce Fk. Bain, the official
representative of the mine owners and
operators, has made to the workers an
alternative proposal, namely, that the
reasonableness of i wage advance or a
wage reduction under existing indus-
trial and trade conditions, as well as of
changes in the methods of conciliation,
shall be submitted to the former Anthra-
cite Coal Strike Commission, with the
understanding that if any vacancies in
the board exist these shall be filled by
President RooseveiT, That is to say,
the mine owners invoke the very prin-
ciple which Mr. MITCHELL has repeatedly
advocated, and appeal to the very same
mediative instrumentality for creating
which Mr. Rooskveit has been so much
extolled by the miners of hard eoal, Mr,
MITCHELL, indeed, has indicated'a will-
ingness to accept the proposed reference
of the questions named to arbitrators,
and to be bound by their decision, pro-
vided they announce that the present
wages are too low, He will not agree,
however, to submit to their decision if
they arrive at the conchision that the
existing wages are too high, This, on
the face of it, ig an inequitable distine-
tion, and suggests a doubt as to whether
Mr, MITCHELL'S original appeal to arbi-
tration was made in good faith, }

The anthracite miners will learn what |
Mr. MITCHELL, on his part, well under- |
atands, that any strike which meets with
general disapproval on the part of the
community at large is doomed to failure,
In the strike of 1902 a large part of the
consumers, it will be remembered, sym-
pathized with the miners, not because
they were qualified to discuss the tech-

‘

 

| mivance

| ance

1 is domiciled.

the mine owners long reftiaed, and but for

  

nieal queationa in diapute, but because | paraca from the mind of the pletetiff

land (leew away forever, and one of the | members of outside taame may join.

the interpesition of President Hooseve? | firet trans leaving for New York cartios
would douttleee haw peraiatae im fe)

fuming, to p@fer ihe rensomablenese of an
i? Wages th competent
fiwing to the faet that publie
opinion in Penney | ania wan thie fi vicher
with apparently « praponderanon of fanl-
in favor of the minera, the lore
and Atate authorities hesitated fo make
an effertivn wae of the farce at theie dia
poeeal for the maintenanes of the public
peace and for upholding the right of
honuinion workere to labor in the an-
thractte mines Tt waa ales, fo doubt,
the widespread fmpremion that by their
rejection of arhitration the
nine owners evineed indifference to the
, and atiffering infflleted tpon
multitudes of consumer by the searcity

f the combustible that ultiraately im-
pelled President Roosevarr toe inter-
vene, although well aware that hia
constitutional authority to do #0 was
diaputable in the abaence of ang request
from Leg slature or EReecutive of
Pennavivania

The situation is now eadentially differ.
ent, aa the union workers will discover
if they determine to strike and attempt
to prevent non-union men from mining
coul. Backed by public opinion, Gover-
nor PeNnypacken will use the whole
military foroe of the State for the preser-
vetion of peace and order in the anthra-
cite region, and if that foree should
prove inadequate he will call upon the
President of the United States for assist-
Such, at all events, is the an-
notincement made by the newspapers
published in his State which are believed
to reflect faithfully his intentions.

In view of all the facts the mine work-
era will make a mistake fatal to the
stability and efficiency of their organ-
ization if, when they meet during the
coming week, they fail to accept one or
the other of the proposals made by Mr.
BarER on behalf of the operators. If
they honestly believe that the trade con-
ditions justify an advance of wages
they will consent to leave the question
of edvance or reduction to arbitration.
If they really have no such belief they
will jump at the offer to comply with the

arly

treater

| fee

tw reiatent

harchal

the plaintit and a certified copy of her
her pee

There ha heen many divatee ah
tained in other States bw well lencrwen
reeienta of prom nent a a) premition in
thia eity The perone whe cobe nite
theme clones f divorce ene longer
f vpele Phe sorinthe ¢ men Torin
mnved if ot vebeb t SMivvee | the
piles ' mporury emote oboe
mem oro 1 by thee fare pil neta
may te indicated, beat smay look in
vain for the permanent residences of
more than one. if that one can b lie

covered with a aenretyliaht

Wo heliews in eall fit thity lew their
real name, ond when the divorce hiatery
of the post shows that the newle found
fenidence ia never a bona fide domicile
but that it has been selected ainaply forthe

|
!
j

| eane and despatch with whieh a divorce |

|
|
|
|
|

award of the Anthracite Strike Commis- |

sion for three years longer.

 

Fictitious Domictte tn Divorce.

We have received a letter from one of
the counsel in the Haddock divorce case
in which he says:

“You have overlooked other decisions previ-
ously made by the Supreme Court in which it has
been distinctly held that unless the State wherein
the decree of divorce was rendered was the bona

fide dombetle of the plalowifl tt was entirely without

Jurisdiction, even though the defendant was previ
ousty served within that State or voluntarily ap
peared therein, In other words, that In every
case th just be bona fide domictle of at least
one of the parties {pn arder to confer Jurisdiction
on the court. (ANDREWS ct. ANDREWS, 188 U.S.
14; BELL es, BELL, 181 U.S, 175, STREITWOLF es.
StTremrwour, 181 U. §., 170)

“ Tt seemed to me to be well w call these decisions
to your attention, es otherwise your cditorial might
have a misleading effect on poptiar opinion as to
the validity of divorces granted ln any State other
than the bona Ade domicile of at least one of the
parties.”

Our friend is entirely mistaken, There
is no danger of our article's mis'oad-
ing any one, THE SuN
miliar with the three cases of BELL,
STREITWOLF and ANDREWS. The Bell

is very fa- |

 

case holds that no valid divorce can be |

decreed on constructive service by the
courts of a State in which neither party
The Streitwolf case ap-
proves the Bell case and holds the di-
vorce to be invalid because the husband

had not a domicile in good faith in North |

Dakota for ninety days. The Andrews
case holds that the appearance of both
parties cannot confer jurisdiction where
there is an absence of domicile in the
State. But we know, and every one
knows, that the ninety days or six months
or one year residence sufficient to satisfy
the statute or the State court is never a
bona fide domicile; it is a fictitious: domi-
cile, although legally unassailable.

Tho prerequisite or plausible excuse
required by the divorce grist mills is
that there shull be a prima facie domicile
or an alleged domicile without any par-
ticular insistence as to good faith or
actual residence.

Our editorial can have no misleading
effect on public opinion, becatise it is
based on truth and reality, The lawyer
who indulges in this special pleading
must be either very inexperienced in
divorce cases or of a singularly guileless
nature if he really for one moment
imagines that in ninety-nine cases out
of a hundred the domnicile of the plaintiff,
gained in a foreign State, is not estab-
lished merely and solely for the purpose
of getting a divorce. That is what we
call “a fictitious domicile”; it is a domi-
cile established for the purpose of ob-
taining a decree of divorce and of getting
rid of the objectionable party, while
the attendant cavalier, held up = the
sleeve of the fair plaintiff, obtains recog.
nition at once upon the yranting: of the
judgment,

The ordinary course of procedure in
most cases is for the woman who dosires
to obtain the divorce toé oomsilt some
attorney in this city, whilo the husband
consults another attorney, and the two
attorneys name representatives in the
Western State, The wife is informed
that it will be necessary for her to reside
in the foreign State for six months or a
year, Whichever inay be the term of res-
idence prescribed by statute, She then
goes to South Dakota or to some other
fuvorable State, where there is “the line
of least resistance”; she lives there six
months or a year; she alleges in her
complaint that she {s a resident of, for
instance, South Dakota; if examined
on the witness stand she swears that
her domicile is in that State, and this
makes out the prana facie prerequi-
site of domicile. The real test, which
can never be applied, because the court
cannot sit in the mind of the individual,
is whether there is the animus manendi
or theanimus nonrevertendi, the intention

} of remaining in South Dakota or the

intention of not returning to New York,
Upon the entry of the judgment of di-
vorce the theretofore avowed purpose
of living permanently in the new State

ean be obtained in that pertioulur forum,
we know of uo word better to describe
auch domicile than the word “fetitious"
Although the Supreme Court of the
United States haa held that the domicile
raust bo a bena fide domicile, if it were
& plausible domicile for @ few months
prior to the granting of the divorce and
at the time of the entry of the decree
the sudden change of mind which comes
upon the plaintiff after judgment will not
be sufficient to upset the juriediction.
An excellent remedy for this evil would
be the requirement by the foreign State
that after the entry of the decree the
person in whose favor it has been granted
shall be compelled, in order to sustain
the validity of the judgment, to reside
actually and continuously for five years
thereafter in the town of Sioux Falls or
in any other particularly favored haven

of relief,
reieeymeaemataa

The Federal Government and San
Francisoo.

It fs not likely that the plan broached

 

on Sunday at a meeting of the finance |

committee in San Francisco for an in-
dorsement by Congress of a bond issue
by the city of $200,000,000, to be used in
rebuilding operations, will receive the
serious consideration of Congress. Mr
JAMES D, PHELAN, chairman of the com-
mittee, is reported to have said that
such legislation would not be new, since
the Union and Central Pacific railroads
were built on the strength of an indorse-
ment by the Government, But there are
men still in Congress who remember
the Government's claims for unpaid
interest against the companies and the
various refunding bills. The illustration
was unfortunate,

In principle there is no difference
between this indorsement scheme and

|
1 the proposal of the Union Labor party

in its national platform in 1888 that the
circulating medium be loaned to the
people upon land security at a low rate
of interest. San Francisco would offer
bonds for sale with the Government
indorsement, the bonds bearing a low
rate of interest; and the indorsement
would sell them quickly. The purchaser
would look first to the city for his inter-

| est and principal and afterward to the

national Government, The indorser
might never be called upon for a cent;
but why should the United States finance
the city of San Francisco?

The list of owners of destroyed and
damaged buildings who intend to restore
and rebuild with their own capital is
growing longer every day; it is a cheer-
ing sign of the undismayed courage 80
requisite in the crisis if San Francisco is
to rise from her ashes a remodelled city
with faith in her star. We do not be-
lieve these brave spirits would approve
of the paternalistic plan of the finance
cominittee, and it may be doubted
whether on mature consideration the

of Congress,
e+ ese

Governor Hoch’'s “listeem,’®

Governor KE. W. Hocu of Kansas is a
candidate for renomination by the Re-
publican State convention, which meets
this week, and his political enemies have
caused the publication of a story to the
effect that he attempted to embrace and
kisa Mrs. W. E. STANLEY, the wife of his
predecessor, while that estimable woman
was calling on him in his private office
to discuss the affairs of the Board of
Control of State Charitable Institutions, of
which she was a member, Mrs, STANLEY
was indignant and scandalized when
Governor Hocu endeavored to divert her
attention from State business to personal
matters, and after considering the Goy-
ernor’s most unstatesmanlike conduct she
resigned from her office,

In answer to the main accusation
against him the Governor has failed to
make denial. He says “the story is
grossly unkind and unjust” to him, His
conscience is clear, id he adds:

“Thave committed no intentional wrong dad hold
the person In question In the highest esteem,”

Had he restricted himself to holding
her in the highest esteem, Mrs. Sta NLEY
would have had no complaint to make
against the Governor, It was his effort
to hold her in his arms that enraged her,

 

Western Golfers Driving Stratght.

A good recovery atones for the worst,
foozle onthe links, A similar rule should
apply to golf legislation, It was a foozle
for the Western Golf Association to
choose the week of July 8, when the
United States Golf Association had
previously claimed the week of July 9,
for the national amateur championship
at the Englewood Golf Club, Now the
Westerners have made a fine recovery,
The Western) amateur) championship
and the Olympic trophy will be played
fer at tho Glen Echo Country Club,
St. Louis, from Septenyber 3 to Sep-
tember &, i

The golfers from beyond the Alle-
ghanies who may wish to play in both
championships ~including H. CHANDLER
Eagan, who holds both titles—will now
have abundant time to make their
plans. The Olympic trophy is open to
teams of four from any golf association
in the world, and, while the visitors may
not play for the Western championship
unless they are members of clubs in the
Western Golf Association, there are
many other competitions to be held dur-

 

 

Tt will be good eportamanehip (or the
Rastorn golf associations to enter teame
for the Olympte trophy

Vr favew's right hand did aot forget
Ita cunning in Jeruaa tern.

‘The ‘age of the Vileinge” hee not vantahed
from New Macon when @ euperintendent
of ecloote and @ lenrned archwologiat abet
af pel offer in (he peibiie attest amd one
of thew bitew (hee clyat in (he death qanne

The entivainatio frtetdte af Captain Hon
aom might et hie araw up before (hey tate
of hin for Preatdeut

The Olympic a metre ehampionship
fell not to Manny Pintatad, the holder of
the peeved for the ewent, tut fo fie efah-
mate, Pact H. Pinan of the Naw York
Athletic (lub, whe wae taken along fo
Athena at the leat moment aaa man lely
to pick up astray point, Piranet ie known
to metropolitan athletes aa the “handicap
king” for hia frequent vietorien from amall
allowances, The handicap king ie no
longer, The world'e champion reigna in
hie atenct,

Why did the director of the uanally well

 
   

|
|

managed People's Inatitute invite Biman S. |

Coren, Dr. Pannncner and Jomn Dae Wrrr
Wanner to be the three principal speakers
at the game meéting, and on the last night
of the season? The East Side audiences
that crowd Cooper Union are discriminating
and have taste and judgment. Fortunately
Waanin was the only one of the three who
attended.

The desire of the Rev. Tuomas Sumeman
to traverse the route of hie father, General
WILLIAM TecUMS®u SAeRMAN, in the march
from Atlanta to the sea is natural enough
and there's no reason why he should not
gratify it. But he should leave out the
advertising and should not be accompanied
by the escort of United States cavalry pro-
vided for ih his announced plans.

 

 

If the dictionary were revised to conform
to the police court rulings of Magistrate
Poo. it would read thus:

Complainant—A person to be fined or tmpria-
oned and sometimes tneulted.

Defendant—A distinguished person to be treated
with the utmost consideration and never subject
to punishment.

Some day the police court dictionary will
be compiled and published.
—_—_—_——

Electrocation.

To THe Epiror or Tas Sun—Sir; Your
editorial article in Tar Sun of this morning
relative to the horrors of the “death house”
ia a step in the right direction. Why not go

| ahead and urge the adoption of some form

of execution which is more sure and humane?

Not only is the causation of death by eleo-
tricity a matter of the greatest uncertainty,
as all capable investigators agree, but it ia
a merciless killing disapproved even by those
who enforce it, and the idea was the creation
of a sensational inspiration.

I have within @ year watched an execution
at Sing Sing, and although J have seen varie
ous forme of violevut death, I cannot yet get
rid of the horrid mental picture. There was
none of the dignity belonging to qiost public
executions, and all concerned went to work
as if they were killing a steer or roping a
bronco, The firat shock was not believed
to be sufficient, and a second was given “until
the reflexes were abolished.” 1 am abso.
lutely convinced that one of the condemned
men was alive after the first application
was made, After this the bodies were almost
immediately taken into another room and
anautopsy performed. The whole thing was
revolting.

The long detention in the death house of
which you complain ultimately sends the
victims to their death In an absolute atate
of blunted sensibility, and the Van Wormer
boy, executed In the upper part of the Stata,
is the only person who showed abject terror
or realized what it all meant. The long
months of waiting and the exit “through the
litthe green door" are a terrible punish.
tnent whiok cannot be contemplated by the
law,

For the sake of humanity let us abolish
capital puntahment, or, if we must kill erlme
inals, find a more effective and simple method
of ao doing. M. D.

New Yous, April 29.

 

Admirable Action of a San Franolsco
Labor Union,

To Tum EpiTon or Tig SUN~Sir; I read
with Interest your editorial in yesterday

 

; ‘ : | ning’ ‘r concerning th t
committee will press it on the attentjon | MOAT A Bee R08 sate OF Ae

labor question in San Francisoo and the
opportunity offered by the disaster which has
befallen that city to the labor organizations,
I submit to you herewith a copy of portions
of a news article from an Oakland newspaper
since the disaster, | do not Include the
entire article, as the balance fs alien to the
question at lasue. Peasibly you may like to
publish thia extract, C. R. Connino.
Naw Youn, April 28,

From the Oakland Fnoutrer of Apr@ 22.
RRICKLAYERS VOTE TO MAINTAIN OLDSCALF,
WILL WORK OVEN ROURA AND LEAVE PIELD FREE

TO ALL WHRTHER MEMBRAS OF
UNION OR NOT.

Tho Bricklayers’ Unton met last nlght, at which
time measures were adopted to keep the rates of
the unton down to seventy five cents an hour,
whioh 1s the usual rate. It was also decided to
work as long as necessary, from 5 A.M. to & P.M.
if required

The rewular wages have been $6 a day for eight
hours. For overtime double pay was oharged,
whioh rule held true for Sunday.

All the regular union men and any other man
who shows he Is competent, whether he has a tinion
ecard or not, have been appointed tnapectors to
examine the work done on the chimneys, and If any
are found In poor condition they will be torn down,
All non-union men must show a permit that they
are competent.

 

Senator Goodsell and the Palisades Bill,

To THe Epitor or Tae Sun-—Sir: I desire to
correct a misstatement made In a letter addressed
to you by Arthur Goadby and published tn to day's
sun. Mr. Goadby Ie in error In stating that Sena-
lor Goodsell of Rookland county Is opposing the
Walnwright-Carpenter bill, Senator Goodsell Is
supporting this measure, The bill Is now before
the Senate, with whom the responsibility of passing
or killing it now les,

‘The purpose of the bill Is the extension of the Pall-
eaades Park northward from the lowcr Palisades,
along the west shore Hudson River mountains to
Stony Polnt Reservation, Stony Point ls the south-
ern terminus of the State road, to be constructed
by the State Engineer om the west aide of the river,
fn connection with the good roads movement,
‘The Palisades Park Board will link this State road
with the western termina) of the proposed Henry
Hudson Bridge. Such extension also Involves the
acquisition for park purposes and the preservation
from further ruin of the well known Hook Moun.
tain, now being blasted Into # rubbish heap.

The fact that, this year, the DUI was Introduced
by Westchester county representatives In no wise
reflects on Senator Goodsell but only proves the
Senator's contention that the reservation of these
mountain river lands before it ts too late and the
adaptation and development of them for com-
bined park and highway purposes are all matters
not anerely of local but also of State concern

New YourK, April 29, Le Ror FRos?.

ee
Fisherman's Luck.
Ground ts full of danger,
\in't a mite of doubt;
Fa thquake comes an’ gits you
Lif you don't watch out.

Soa ls mighty risky,
‘Though your boat ts stout,
Bla wave comes to git you
Ef you don't watch out,

Alr ts full of trouble,
look what you're about;
? Cloud is bound to git you
If you don't watch out.

Thank the Lord for fshia’|
Anglin’ after trout,
Nothin’ ever happens
Ef you don't watch out,
McLANDBUROS WiL40n.

|

' boat is passing the entrance to

 

ee

~~ se

{ ing the Glen Keho tournament in which | THR BOUNDARY GURSTION INVOLVING THE SINAITIC PENINSULA,

hove 1 Reteng te Paypt af te Aratia, ta Afites of ta 4a?

fw

<ul, ”

va

 

Naki

. /

70

> “a Taber? ‘
‘gAkaba

Gm Ge Ge, Ancient boundary between Africa and Asia.

°
GCeoesrseaveaee

Railway lines,

™=eamee ee

  

 

 

A DAY AT THE FISHING BANKS.

With Encidental Philesephic Observations
on “Hoss Races.

To tam Eprron or Tne S'N—Sir; A day
at the Fishing Banks is one of the pleasures
of life not easily forgotien. Make one trip
there and you will lay plana for many more.
Thousands of people little realize the amount
of good that will come tothem. If they did
there would not be boats enough to go around
It la the greatest tonic in the world, and all
those who partake of it will find themselves
completely toned up and returnto their duties
with renewed vigor. To enjoy a trip to the

 

 

Fishing Banks you must, in © measure, pre- |

Pare yourself for it. If you are very bilious—
well, that's'all right, you will feel all the better
for it the next day or the day after,
cuse, you will swear that it did you more good
than anything the doctor ever gave you.
When you make up your mind to go pre-
Pare yourself for a real, genuine rough and
Teady good time. Wear the oldest clothes

you own, and look just like the rest of the |

seeming hoodlums vou will meet. Then if
you should by any chance sit down on a bunch
of clam bait you will not feel so heavily dam-
afed as you would if it was your best Sunday-
g0-to-meetings

last Sunday was a great day. If every
one didn't get fish they certainly had @ very
good time. There was plenty of fish, and {f
every one didn't get all they wanted they
were elther in hard lick or—well, the fish
wore there. Anyhow, they can't be blamed,
As Jimmy Shea said when his neighbor com-
plained that he had lost all of his bait and
iad not caught anything

“And
Ta it for them to walk up to you like and
themselves into your basket?”

A lady who was flahing alongside of me got
a ferocious bite, almost pulling the line away
from her, and shouted to her busband, who
waa close by He oalled back

“What is it?”

“Oh, I don't know,” she replied, “It pulls
dreadfully, Do come and help.”

"No," said the husband, “you will have to
land your own fish “

Finally, with a little assistance, she landed
a big conger eel Then the real fun started,
She was afraid to handle it, and_in the mean-
time It became twisted up in the line. he
husband wouldn't help, Juat then the oap-
tain came along, and seeing the way matters
were, he quietly picked up the eel with one
hand and removed the hook with the other,
saving

“Madam, you had a hard tlme landing this

sure, What did you expect of them?
ump

one

“Yer, captain,” she replied, “a harder time
than I had landing that one,” pointing to her
husband; “but, captain, their dispositions are

entirely ike,

It often happens in deep sea fishing, where
the bi is at anchor, that the crowd on one-
half of the boat are catching fish ag fast aa
they can drop their lines, and on the other
half they are out of business. Then you will
hear the cry. go up, “Oh, move the boat!”
until drowned out by the other half, who cry
out “Don't do tt!" The cause of the troubl
is that when the anohor is down the boa

| drifta with the tide to a natural resting posi-

tion, the bottom of the ocean being ef rocky
ledres, and the feeding sections may be length-
wise of the boat, which would give every one
an equal chanoe. If lying crosswise, only
that portion of the boat would be in a favor-
able position, which means that while there
was plenty below, there was, or would be,
very few above.

Going fishing \s, In a sense, like going to
the races. It is prospective. Perhaps you
will and perhaps you won't, It reminds me
of the story told me about old Pat Murphy,
who sat on the dock pl day long without a
bite, when his friend Jim Connors came
along and greeted him with:

a tell. ye

“Hello, Jim.”

“What are ye doing, Pat?”

wfeorags 1 Pat?*

“How are ye doling, Pat’

“Well, Jim, I've, been here all day and
haven't had a bite.

"Why, Pat, I'm not surprised at that,”

“Wh ain'é you surprii , dim?"

"Because, Pat, the sucker is on the wrong
end of the line.

That is the way people go to the races.
It is a gure thing. The problem is solved,
They have all the winners.

After the boat leaves the Battery pler {t fs
a pleasant place to be for any one who fe
obaervant, particularly students of nature.
They will see the sublime and the ridioulous
through the same glasses. (ne of the most
RUReLeNe times to be on board is when they

ave a good sized holiday crowd, Any nf
Sunday during the aummer season is @
time to see al of the beautiful hap
that go to make the day enjoyable to t
salt. ‘The holiday crowd ia made up prinoi-
pally of family parties, old and young, and
they bring all kinds of eatables, enough to
stock a boarding house, About the time th
heepshea
Bay they think it fs time to ent. he basketa
are open up and they start tn. or an
example of how they do it I will desorihe a
feeding acene on one of my former trips:
Firat they started off with a ham or bologna
sandwich, raw tomato, cheese, raw onion
beer, pickles, cake and ple. A Clear case of
“not yet, but soon.” There was a beautiful
ground swell on, and #1 less than an hour,
when passing the Highiand Light, that once
happy family were lying over the side rail
and giving up to the little fishes below what
they had enjoyed a short time before in this
world above,

After they have made two or. three trips
pney get wise, and then the little fishes go
AUNRTY.

rings

The crowd {s always good natured and |

even tempered
coming, and if you want to hear
get among them and start the game.
one of the storips is well worth the trip.
My advice to‘any one cooped up indoors
all the week Is to make the trip of forty miles
out to sea and return the same day. You
will have enjoyed a good sun bath and had
your body thoroughly inooulated with pure
salt ozone. You may not bring home any
fish
deal better than when you started.
Forty YRAKS A SUN READER,
New York, April 28.

They will mingle going and

Any

 

Fire Protection.

To tw Entron or Tue SuN—Sir: In answer
to “Anxious” In THe Sun of April 27, tt was nog
my Intention to be understood that a 20lneh volume
ean be forced through two 10 Ineh openings, but
a pump could be Jnatalled with a suffictent dis
charge to care for two 10 Inch pipe lines, or even
more tines as the conditions might require

 

Nurvey, April » P FP. GUTHRIE,

International affatrs predominate In the North
American Review for May haron Speck von
Sternburg discusses Germany In South Amertca,

projected agneultural Inst!

Signor Luzratt) the
Havis the Pan Amertean

tute, former Senator HG

railroad, Mr. Hannis Taylor the Spanish treaty
claims and another writer the Issues between the
United States and Turkey Mr. Henry James

describes Washington and there is a review of
poetry, and a long poem. There are also articles
on municipal ownership, on the negro question, on
irrigativn end on aristocratic American aacestry,

‘

In any |

sh yarns |

but you will come home feeling a great |

Contested Anglo-Egyptian and Turkish frontier,

   
  

| SCHOOL VALUES.
Does New York Get One Hundred Cente
| of Value for Kach Dollar Spent?

To tHe Epitor or TH# SunN—Sir; In Tak
Sun of April 28 you printed mg letter sum.
marizing the section on evening eachools tn
| the annual report of Supt. Maxwell In a
letter which appeared in Tar Sun of April 20
“Mornincside” criticised the “facts and
figures" of the report. While his letter ap-
Peared to place us in opposition, | am sure
that we are animated by the same considera-
tion—a desire to know the truth about New
York city's school administration.

“Morningside” is “puzzled to account for

 

 

the statement that the large group of non- |

English speaking pupils is ‘distinguished by
a genuine desire to take advantage of the
opportunities offered, an euthusiasm that
means steady progress toward a definite
end,’ ” in view of the fact that the percentage
of ther attendance is lower than the average
attendance percentage of all night school
pupils. The fact is to be here noted that this
group of pupils presents perhaps the single,
certainly the chief, exception to the rule that
attendance average is the most satisfactory
teat of efficiency in result producing admin-
| istration, It is enough merely to hint at
| without cataloguing the circumstances in the
lives of these non-English speaking pupils
that militate against the maintenance by
them of a high average of attendance, More-
over, this deficiency in regularity of attend-
ance should be counterbalanced by the zeal
with which they naturally enter upon a work
vursued by native youth of the lower classes
Nn @ more perfunctory inanner. Still again
the standard by which progress is measured
in the case of the one group does not fitly
apply to the other, What ia properly ex-
| pected of a native child, accustomed to the
use—however faulty—of the English Jan-
guage, the necessary medium of instruction
in our schools, could not be demanded of the
| fore(gn born child, or even the child of foreign
born parents, What is the birthright of the
one is an acquisition of the other. The for-
eign born child has to travel some distance
to reach the starting point of the native pupil.
Intelligent teachers have told me that the
little Inekis and Owskis do excellent Work;
but they are Working under a handicap.

In his citation of comparative statistics
“Morningside” made use of reports which I,
not being a achool man, had not at hand;
and I am glad that my letter was the means
of bringing them to the public notice. If
statistics aye been wrenched to fit the re-
quirements of special pleading in support of
our schools, wa should know of that perver-
| sion, The night school percentage of at-
tendance in New York is 47 plus; of the five
cities. cited by “Morningside,” 66 plus, In
the New York report the statement Is made
that statistics show percentages for various
cities running from 20 to 40 per cent, Can
this great discrepancy be due to accidental
misinterpretation? Are the figures given in
the report incorrect? If so, is it the result of
accident or design? Did “Morningside” se-
lect his “at random,” as he says, or with
purposeful cholee? each reporter went
to the extreme Indicated by his apécial inter-
pst, What is the fair balance of fact between
them? Perhana the percentages are calou-
| luted on. variant bases. At any rate, the
New York ficures are printed over a reapon-

 

 

sible signature, which ought to be a guarantee
of honesty of intention, if not of correct
quotation, Some one who has access to city
and natlonal achool reports should be able to
alive ua exact information.

“Morningside'a" contention ts that New
York, in ite evening schools, with the highest
per capita cost of Inetruction, meeta the
supreme test of actual average attendance
on the part of its pupils least satisfactorily,
tt ia a surprising fact that In his table of
comparative attendance and cost the one
column rises without a break, while the
other as evenly declines--a homogeneity
of value relationa that appears significant.
New York, with the lowest figures for per-
centage of average attendance, has the high-
est per capita cost. Washington, with
least cost, claima the best attendance
there is no test avallable better than thle of
comparative expense and attendance, this
dilemma confronts ua: Are there fundamental
differences_in conditions that fairly account
for the difference in apparent results, or is
there something wrong with the New York
system?

In the difference In cost due to unpro-
ductive extravaganoe, or is the explanation
simply this: that the richest city in the coun-
try uses its school funds more liberally than
others, to just and proper ends?

These questions are worth the asking, and
worth the answering: for certainly we should
know the truth about. our achool aystem,
which usea millions of dollars every. year for
the training in citizenship of our hundreds
of thousands of children, Dora the city get
one hundred cents of value in return. for
every single dollar of those millions? If not
thera most agsitrediy ts “soinething wrong”
with the New York syatem, T.

New York, April 80,

 

 

Labrador is a Peaceful Land.
From Dady Consular and Trade Reporis, April 30.
Sir William MacGregor, Governor of Newfound-
land, of which province Labrador Is a dependency,
has recently Issued a report of a scientific and offictal

summer, and among other aspects of the subject he
treats especially of the absence of orime In that

Tegion,
“Labrador,” Sir Willlam saya, “has a resident

along its south coast. Many of the Indians are
half breeds, and there are 8,000 Faquimaux scattered
along the northern waterfron.. In addition It ts vts-
{ted each summer by surre 20, ~Newfoundlanders,
who engage In fishing, which Is the ohlef pursuit
of these people. Yet there ts no court or tall
magistrate or polleeman or any other ofjecr
of the law on this 1,000 miles of seaboard, where oll
these people are wresting a subsistence from the
ocean, For thirty three years there has been no
session of court held, and in fifty years the only ortm
inal charge which js recorded |s that against an

 

rival in his wife's affection, and who shot the man
as he walked with her. Forty years ago tt
a ciroult court sent there every summer, but as
{t found nothing to do It was abolished In the
past Labrador was & famous pirate stronghold and
| required a French squadron to reduce tt
“Unusual attention haw heen called ¢€o Labrador
within the last yoar and this may lead to a change
When any serious charee bs made now a magistrat
fe sent from Newfoundland to attena to it

re Was

Bret Harte's Unconscious Prophecy,

To THK Eoiron oF THRE SUN Nearly forty
Years ago Iiret Harte In one of his contributions
to the Oreriand Monthly, entitied “The
San Franciseo,” commenced tn this wise

Toward the close of the nineteenth century the
elty of San Francisco was totally destroyed by an
| earthquake Although the whole coastline must have

been much shaken, the aocldent seems to have been

purely local, and even the city of Oakland escaped.”
He bullded better than he knew when he com-
posed the clever article, and If he had fixed the
date of the catastrophe a fow years later his state-
ment would have been fulfilled literally.
New Youn, April 2. aN. ds

wir

Rutus of

 

.

 

the |
Aq }

Visit which he made to that remote sqgboard last |

population of 10,000, of whorn 3,500 are white, settled |

Esquimau whose jealousy was aroused against a |

A STONE FuROWwING Gnos?.

| Sitar Kamar Ghese's Eneounter With en
Sthtetic Petre.
Prom the Hinde Sptettead! Waqarine

r ! 1 bredia ba ft aieata pele
* rod ft had an ceniag denmonet ration
f (a it wae the month of Necamfer
eight geare agen thar — wltneaeed @ arene
hich proved there are Mang (hinge
) oarth and heaven that are not deaamet of
vier qe hy {i wee the fown af Dew
in my own hes « iitin an open
that of one
sity wee efveted fn
notion that
ate hed peared hin howe Mhewtly
(onort himeelt
theaantd, "Yea,
14 ghoat of

thar

Tr
ie Wee

fv
(lowe ta
Mahato, «

{f ‘

Oeoner

sort to heme hile fem
ad heewmea @ Chetetlan,
( likely to pee fa the welet-
his | weted

ghee wm doting in hie henner,
eetive and went
when a etrang@
4 ghost

mt he aa fot eomnen
forgot all alert it,
i@ht the pranka of @

fene™ be
iain teow
CGanort helng aom
noite nedoar
fetehy

ary thee

mea
mine

in, @uteatiod
of

heoteht

they
with rent
weeny

alvrvat tr

Oorla
He woe hae
na atate be a Criend of

| asked Shiva,
of hie
rf ereal effort,
rd, that hear
mad pranke

wone to feteh
he named to

ta
Cionort au bel eevenin
ant,
} thiol
for he could @e are
that ghoatea were playing
the house of Goneri, he had
milk a little re the uenal t
bring it--that ia «e @#in had gone
down Evening wae juat setting in, and he
waa comiog with the mil when, no sooner
had he left Gonerta than a black
and hideous “thing” pounced upon him and
inflleted a blow upon his breaat, so that he

to explain the reason

lie ead
! a

the ery
aor
in

tha

before t

house,

fell senseless with a groan, Gonorl had tn-
vited a few friends to his house to pase the
night with him to proteet him from the “plo-

hash,” and thus, when they heard his groan,
they came to kis resons and brought hin
home

On the following morning I went to Go-
nori'a house, which waa about two minutes
walk fromo mine mpanied by two friends,
both of them highly edueated and intensely
{ntellectual His house, as I anid before, was
situated In an open apace only on one side of
which there was a cluster of bamboo trees
where the ghost might coneeal himself, but
even this would be irapossitle in day time
| if he was a fraud ring the house we
| found a girl about t weeping the yard
| with a broomstick, tue yard being surrounded
| with buts and walla. The other inmates of
the house, Gonorl himself, his mother about
|
|
|

On ent
velve

seventy, hia wife about forty-five, were all
absent, Seeing that the girl was the only
inmate of the house doing household work,
we Went outside chatting at random, nearly
| forgetting all about the ghost My friends
i were a few vards from me talking together,
and I took this opportunity of addressing the
} ghost in these words:
| Sir Ghost, if you are here, Please show
yoursel! to us, for we are highly respectable
gentlemen and you should behave properly
with us.”

No sooner had I said this than a clod of
earth came rolling down the slope of the hut
near Which I was standing! This amused
me greatly, for 1 could not believe that it Was
actually a ghost that had responded to my

call, Sol asked my friends to note the polites
ness of the ghost, Which had actualiy listened
to my request. They had heard the sound
of the fall of the clod, but bad not sven it come
ing down. &o they came close to mé@ to @X+
emine theclod. I again addressed the ghost.
Baia:
“Sir Ghost, this Is highly improper, You
should be itopartial in the treatment of your
pucae. You have eatisfied me but not my
riends. Please show yourself to thei also."
No sooner had | aaid this than there rolled
abother clod, and this time all three saw it.
Let me coniess, this tine we were all eure
prised. But was that girl doing it? No,
we could see from our position that she wus
buey doing her vork of sweeping. | again
| addressed the ghost:
“sir Ghost, remove all our doubts and do
favor us again.”
No sooner said than done. Another clod
of earth came down rolling, following the
other two, We were petrified with astonish-
ment. It was about 9 in the morning, the
sun was up In the skies, and there Was nota
speck of cloud. And we three saw this before
our eyes in an open field where there were none
besides the girl who was swoeping the yard,
But no time waa allowed us by the good ghost
to speculate upon what we had witnessed, for
the merry thing now began to roll down stones
of its own accord, one after another, in rapid
anecession, Then clods and stones began to
fall in the yard which the girl was sweeping.
We ran there, and thencommenced, as it were,
a perfect rain of stones pieces of burnt brick
Vhere did they come
+ sraape
le
!

and clods of earth, \
from? From the skies? Perhaps.
not; for some of them struck the mud wa
of the huts horizontally, Of course, we were
afraid of being struck by these missiles, but
luckily we escaped unhurt; but some were
For the
fact of this eatranze occurrence had gone
abroad, and people were running to the
house from all sides, even from the town, which
was about half a mile distant from the place,
The house was thus filled by hundreds of men
in a short time,

Ag I anid, it was broad daviicht, and though
there were hundreds present, none could
tell whence the stones came, The Inmates
of the house hed come back and they were
kept in one place huddled together 80 that
they might play no tricks. ut the ecene
that presented itself cit was literally bene
atonera) convinced every one that there ooul
be no trick at the bottom, The yard was
Koon filled with these clods, stones, &ec,, and
became almost knee deep in a ehort

hurt subsequently, though slightly.

they
time,
But the most wonderful feats performed
by the ghost yet remain to be told, A bi
; piece of stone, welghing over a hundre
pounds (more than a mnund) which tt
would be difficult for one strong man tocarry,
was brought out from the bottom of the
| well which stood on one side of the yard and
| thrown In the yard. A little before this we
| had heard a splashing of water In the well,
|
|

and the ble stone was brought out and made

to fall in the yard with athud, This so terri-

fied the sightseers that while some fied others
| took shelter in the huts,

IT bad a notion that the girl was a medium

and it was through her that the ghost wag
This notion I gathered
| by observing one fact. It was this The clods
fell most where the girl stood. 80 | led
her and Gonori's wife to the eastern side of
| the house in a fleld where mustard had been
| grown but gathered, It was a onen field
filled with clods of earth amou. ,
doubt the ghost had found soine of his Wise
1 made the girl and the womansit in the fleld
There they sat and, wonder of wonders, the
clods around them began, as it were, to danve
Thus a clod would rise, any, four or five feet
from the earth and fall down, At times
nore than one olod would thus rise up and
fall down. Here, then, woe had the scene of
clods of earth in the midst of the fleld dancing
as if they were imbued with life, and tht
at about 11 in the day and in the presence o
hundreds, It seemed to me that in the fleld
the ghost had not power enough to be able
throw the clods to any distance,

JYhe intellectual critic, after he has read
so far, might exclaim, cut bono? “What do
you prove by the incident?" Well, we have
not done vet; we have yet to record inore
wonderful doings of this ghost. Indeed,
I succeeded eventually in mekina is Wk to
me in its ghostly way,

Yor does not the incident, so fab as desertbea
above, prove anything? Does it not prove
that there are more things in earth and heaven
| than are ev dreamt ’of in our philosophy

| playing his pranks

 

 

andthat the scientists have vet much tolearn?
It proves that a thing which has no material

body can pell stones and can also possess
| glenins of reason, Dig not the thing, by
listening 9 Our request in the beginning
how that ‘could hear and understand us?

Does not the incident of bringing the bie

stone from the bottom of the well prove

that it had method in its mad pranks? So the

incident, so far a8 has been described, proves
} that there is no dinpossibility in aman losing
| his body yet retaining his physical powers
and reasoning faculties

 

Big Ring for His Bride,

|
}
| Alientown correspondence Palladelphia Record.
In the show window of a local jeweller ts displayed
| the largest solid gold wedding ring ever hrought
fo thia ality, It weieis 28:@ pennywelehw. The
| average Wele,t of wedding Mogs is ony five penny
bw lghts. The ring was ordered by | prominens
citizen for a young lady who {ts soon te bveome

his bride
\ eH _-

| The Beginning,
Primitive men ploughed the earth with
a sharpened stick
Hocker You don't mean to say golf dated back

 

 

Knleker

'
|
that far?
en
| Tnimtcration,
| Knicker -[s he a self-made man?
Rocker--Yes, that ls why he wants a tarlffon the

Imported artle i

For This Relief Much Thanks.

Little Tommy Why—--?
Pa—Ask your big brother; be graduatgs tila
summer, 1
e!
. -

«

oe
Ve

-

as

TOE ee

 

 

t4

vy