WELLS FARGO SURPLUS HEAP.
aTorkK noupens whew (VT SOWE
DIGGING FOR PACTS.

Southern Pavia Gat the Gharre That Hive
Factnatve Paprese Conteset fe Mun
45 teare Company's Mewnd Powers

of Welle Farao Aa Ca
Ud

Tho atoeklollere

  

Harriman tte Pull in Metnen for ae)

 

 

 

—Aotive Markets for Steel Products.

Enstern and Western markets for foundry
fron report increasing demands from melters
for as prompt deliveries as can be arranged.
The numerous desires for spot metal give
Proof of the rapid diminishment of metal

the hands of consumers during the long
holding off period when there was little buy-
ing and with production at foundries going
on at full capacity. Prices on all grades
of pig iron are firm. Southern furnaces
are holding strongly to the basis of $14 for
No. 2 foundry at Birmingham. Yor several
sorts of Southern iron the demand Is con-
siderably greater than the estimeted out.
put for sixty days. For Eastern No.2 fron
there is a good demand in the local market
For round lots $17.75 at furnace is the ruling
price. For steel making iron ihe week opened
quietly, with a few sales of moderate tonnage
for New Encland and New Jersey deliveries
at $17.50. The majority of the large buyers
of basio and Bessemer are apparently well
covered for some time to come, In the
electrical and general machinery trades
New business in large volume is reaching
the founders, In a number of lines among
Jobbing founders in the Eastern States
business is slowing down to the usual con-
ditions between the end of spring trade and
the lull just before the opening of work for
6ummerand fall deliveries

Stove and hot water and low pressure
steam boiler makers report the certainty of
all the business they can attend to through
the year. In the Central West stove manu-
facturers are nearly all far behind in de-
liveries of products on account of spring
orders. large shipments of low priced cook-
ing ranges to the Bouth are special features
of the foundry trade in the Central West
that aro telling in the melting of iron. One
of the largest founders in Chicago states that
within a year he has doubled his purchases
of Southern iron and has sent a third of it
back South in the form of low priced castings.
Among the larger buyers of foundry iron in the
local market (he belief is general that it is good
Policy to contract for the last half at going
Prices, as there are more possibilicies for an
advancing market than for a reeession,

The coke market is quiet. Requirements
by founders are placed under orders that
will run through deliveries during several
weeks, and in many cases to the end of the
year. For prime 72 hour foundry coke prices
are firm at $3.10@$3.50, For hard and soft
coal, founders hereabouts report ample ayail-
able supplies and no changes from quotations
that have ruled latterly.

For steel and steel products the markets go
on in thesamesteady volume ofjlargs deliveries
on account of contracts that will keep the
mills employed through this year. In etruc-
tural steel there is little new business. But
the amount on hand by the associated and ine

» dependent mills aggregates largely over the
tonnageon the books at the opening of Maya
yearago. Only a very small amountof business
In structural steel is offering from San Fran-
cisco. That which has been booked was
planned for before the disasters. Archi-
tects and engineers write from San Fran-
cisco that little important business wil be
done for account of large buildings under
ninety to a hundred and twenty days, For
temporary gtructires a good business ts
developing in builders’ hard ware and castings.

A considerable amount of steel rails for
Ae cltt eety be placed in this market.

Ars ers from St. Petersburg
to 4 steel corporation in this market that
Banaras yehihe arate Capen

» he the best on the lines

 

 

 

m

‘

during the hard usage of the war period.
Of were tha 09 tons of American
made rails Inid on that Tine all came fully |
UP to the toekers’ ¢ ‘iranteea, whereas few |
of the rails bought f-om other makers meas-
ured upto the staudards, For rails suitable

5 for electric lines and minerel railways buai-
ness is continuously good. For standard
rails the market ex‘ibits lttle life.

. But
In that ne of work the year 1906 Is practically
& closed book, as the mills are booked up
to the fill output, and in a@ number of cases
_ sold well us for deliveries during the
ret haif of 1907, Prices for all sorts of steel
4nd steel products are unchanged, One re-
markable effect iipon the market for steel
Feodecte brought about by the refusal of
© great steel corporations to advance raw
and semi-manufactured steel is a gain in
export orders, European huyers of Amert-
ean atec] warea had antici ted advan¢ing
»» Drtces in this market. On the official declara-
tion that no higher prices would be asked’

» » orders began to come in freely,

  

| GOP OF WALL STREET.

No content ould he more interesting than
the one that wae waged on the feor of the
Mock Kachange veeterday On ite ontenme
depended millions of deilere The bears,

emboldened ley theif eiccee of leet weelt and
fortified ty the fegenroes they hed captared
vere not eatiefied with offering paseiwe re
siefance ta the Ohare of the title Mally
wan with apily When «a vigotoue
attach comet on the point of eeeuring

| fofy for the Walle, eomea wank potat ae de
Closed in (hete (ante aed aqainet (hia (he heare
concentrated (hele efferia witil (he bolle re

fret

 

rraatea ' ‘ Ti
@ho are inte ad a etdaai treated Such egeremeee wete followed wp
Phe prin rnie merrier OCHA ENITh ¢ | etl the other eide eummoning renewed oor
é the 915,100,000 or BIAS EMD airpiie, care | fee returned ta the fray and nat only fe
| neeorting to the allegation, ta lene! fey covered the leet ground, tut fotoas their
Pou Plarrinwn, teva het afforneve At epponente co retreat beyond the lines whiet
®t soon jefermnetion regarding the | ther oceupied when the day's buainess opened
diewowtion of the aeplue, the manner in Ih the frat hove eapeetalle (( eae very hard ta
@hich Mr Herriman eemred conttol of the | 67 how the day would ond, but the leat
- facta of Intereat tq | Cetlote bear drive wan made at @vont tf
Gompany A : wo cleo aad fated After Phat the oufoome
them tmieht be foretold with reatonatle eleatne
Phe (A,0 ehares of at owned HY ThE | Hit the hear rorreat wan orderly and (hare
® iia Ralinoad comprintng Of6° | wae hardly any one wha would date to assert
fifth of the entice capitalization and cote | that theee forees had made ther leet atand
atituting the lever by whieh Mr Harriman | The bulla did not seem to be bent on an
pontfola the company, came to him when he | hibilating (he retfeating low
pecured control of the Buuthern Pacific and | Much encouragement wae derived by the |
; } were part of 7,000 ahares given to he | bithe from the fact that hove which Were
Routhern Pacife to the lifetinne of Colla BP, | ainong the moet active on the bear aide ia |
Plintington as conmderation fer a contract | the early Crading did fot represent any ime
piveer the Southern Pacife and Welle |) portant financial interest, while, on the
Fargo el ty the contract a re J other hand, two hens thot offen handle
‘aciflc gave the express compan eluet ala . ; t were pretty
% tee of ita lines for twenty-five years The | onlere of @ very significant bind we r ,
, : llarge buyers. Large numbers of buviog
eiock at present market rates is worth i t Stenderd Oi) lateata Wake
SqoH8008, but the stockholdegs have iefor- | orders trom andere ou inte
mation that in. addition to étook the | said to bave been put In very little under
Routhern Pacific received $1,000,000 in the market in the fret hour, avd it wae further
cash raported thet ao the level Was not high
i Pe Prior tu the contract,” a Wells Fargo | enough to wet the etocks It was raised in
. tockholder said yesterday, “our company | many Instances. But even tf many of these
ad a capitalization of but $5,000,000. But! buving orders remained unexoouted the bee
when the contract waa executed the capi- | lief that they were there furiinbed so mneh
ee on vee er a Laden pd ra ae confidence of good aupport that operators
ikely our directors did not want (o giV® | ter the rise felt greatly encouruged, while
Z ‘* Lwity the entire company to i Southern Banv of the shorts, arguing that the market
e acifie, and eo gave the nares only two- would net for the present be allowed te dee
raie of ‘ Me es Warvata Mntington Cer: | cine much further, covered up and added
ye these 20,000 ghatee “the Southern | t the buying demand
20, ’ |
‘. Pacific has dis; oxed of over 4,000, and the The wags of the financtal district said It |
s peice were yee eo Nate Thi | was Lawson that saved the day the |
SeOU Tec Ode aia eee “ Boston operator has been so notoriously
| zl
per cent, bonds. wrong | tle Ul of hig reoent pronun-
Since Wells Fargo & Co, was incorporated Glatitaien that pultn ike atten eKS nay |
“ under Colorado laws, it is not obliged to y ee ; ie
oo report to stockholders. Verbal reports | @ny attention to them at all generally take
have been made at the anniial meetings, | em by contrarios
but they ceased with the verbal report for One trader after reading TW Lawson's
1904, Since then no information has been
; attack on United States Steel sald the only
furnished regarding the earnings. thing that kept hun from turning very bullish |
“The broad powers of the company.” ue faz YF t i H . aan aie & |
4 eaid one of the stockholders vesterday, | ¥4* the fact that from the Hub a so came @ |
“a *make it particularly dangerous that it | Very bullish interview with John W Gates
should have a big surplus. The company | These two he regarded as equal and opposite |
under its charter can do any sort of busi- | foroes, but other members of the fraternity
ness from running a squab farm to floating | eave Mr. Gates credit for being some lines
an airship line, It ean do a@ foreign ex- | right. |
s° change banking business and a pawnbrok- aac, rs. . |
{ng business, and the manner in which ite Conservative brokers said the time chosen
surplus may be applied is practically un- | by Lawson for his attack on Stoel preferred |
limited,” was peculiarly unpropitious. The stock |
Part of the surplus, it is known, is in- | had already suffered a severo decline, which |
s vested in stocks of two banks, Wells | was primarily due to a elreumstance calen-
n Fargo & Co.'s bank in thiscity and the | lated to increase the company's business
Wells Fargo Nevada National. A little over | ‘jis nay seem paradoxical, but it can hardly |
a vear ago Wells Fargo & Co. sold its banks | pe questioned that the San Francisoo disaster |
ane tooy in Ree soak Wiha eee started the train of circumstances which led |
bank Suauired Hiv sompanvla’ bank in to last week's broak In the stock market, nor |
MEAT TT shi ene hi larger insti. | ca it be doubted that the same occurrence
4 fan Francisco, which is a much larger insti- : |
4 tulion than the bank in this eityv will result in the placing of orders for a large
Some of the anti-Harriman stockholders | 4mount of structural steel and other lines of
said yesterday that Messrs. Stokes, Litch- | material in connection with the rebuilding
field and Pomeroy, to whom the, anti- | of the city. The present quarter promises |
Harriman proxies are being issued, bave | in the matter of earnings to surpass any |
v secured more proxies thay they expected | corresponding period in the history of the |
to have at this date, Thev have over three } company, while the orders on the books and
“ . months in whiea to secure ihe additional | the new business in sight indicate that the
number necessary for conts! planis will be taxed to thelr utmost at least
eae ; ary to the end of the present year.
TRON AND STEELE, |
———— The Steel Corporation has mere than justt-
; 4 Increasing Demands for Foundry Yronm | fled the expectations of its foundera, It

has demonstrated its ability to tuke care of
the dividends on its preferred stock under
all cirpumpstances and to earn something
substantial for the common tn all except
very bad times. If at present it makes no
return9 on the common this is because the
policy of the management it to make ad-
ditions and improvements out of earnings
rather than by raising phew capital which,
under efisting conditions in the money
market, could not be obtained on very favor-
able terms. It ia easy to see that the present
policy will in @hne give the congany a high
credit, Which Mist prove of immense advane
tageto itselfand its stockholders, It will place
the sinking fund bonds tn the list of ab-
solutely safe investments. Bat the most
important consideration of all, because it is
not confined to the company itself or to the
fron and steel jndustry, is the stability which
the corporation has given to the trade, Had
it not been for the Steel Corporation the
competing plants would have gone in for the |
exaction of premiums for early delivery and
the other abuses formerly famillar in the |
trade, with the result that we would have
had the boom and reaction months ugo
Following the collapse of the boom would
have come the overproduction and low prices
which always exert a depressing effect on the
general business of the country

The strength In United States Steel brought
oul astory of a1,000,000 shire pool in the cot-
mon, but this found very little credence,
The general belief was that the stock had
been left to take care of itself and that on its
merits it was pretty well able to do so,

“When the recovery comes Amalgamated
will go up as fast as anything on the list,”
This was about the most widely circulated
tipofthefirsthour, Itmadegood. Amalga-
mated was a leader from the start. The
movement was based chiefly on the technical
position of the stock, but there was the inci-
dental circtumstanoe of the strength of the
market for copper. In regard to the latter,
it was predicted that soine important ad-
vances in the price of copper would be an-
nounced before long and that within a month
the level would probably go as high as 20
cents a pound. As for the technical posi-
tion of Amalgamated in the market, it was
reasonably clear that the stock had been over-
sold and that some of the sharts could be
forced in by a fairly vigorous squeeze.

Expiration of the term of convertibility of
the Union Pacific convertible 4 per oent.
bonds marks practically the last chapter in
the history of one of the most popular
speculative bond issues Introduced to the
Wall Street public. The bonds were issued
in 1901, convertible dollar for dollar into
Union Pacific common stock at any time
within five years, after which they were to
become redeemable at 1025; up to maturity in
1911. They at once jumped into favor, partly
on account of their intrinsic merit and partly
vecause of the facility which they afforded
for limiting losses on the short side in the
stock, Especially when the bonds were
quoted under par were they used as a hedge
againet short sales of the stock, as operators
when caught in a tight place could Convert
them and use the stock obtained this way
to cover contracts, There wae little tisk in
buying the bonds, as, without reference tothe
convertible feature, they had even then an
investment value about equal to their market
price. Finally, when the stock was put on a
dividend basis higher than the interest equiva-
lent of the bonds the conversion clause was
availed of freely, so that the last daya for con-
version found the amount outstanding very
small indeed, It was hardly to be supposed
that so valuable a privilege as Conversion at
prevatiing prices would not be availed of.

ee

Not the ‘east interesting consideration in
connection with the practical disappearance
of the Union Pacific convertibles is the fact
that as those bonds were the only mortgage
on about 1,300 miles of road there is now no
security of any kind between that mileage
and the stocks. The stocks are, therefore, in
something of the position of a bond to that
portion of the praperty. This is one of the
matters which give Union Paciiic ita present
great value and which figured side by side
with the advance in the Hill stocks, of which
Union Pacific is still a large holder, in causing
yesterday's rise. E. H. Harriman’s cieer-
ful utterances in regard to the company's
plans at Sen Francisco also helped, the whole
combination being 4 little more than the hears
were ready to contend against for the present.

Consolidated Gas was one of the strongest

| return after the May day holiday,

| men at work in its Pittsfeld plant, implying

| peris active under large requirements for Lue

See

pS PA |
FINANEDAL. #

| ORO RR 6 ee A me

TO THE MOLDERS OF

STATE OF ALABAMA BOND

Maturing July |, 1906:

 

|
|
lesueof ite FOUR PER CENT. RENEWAL BONDS, (5 be dated July 1. i908

and payable July 1, 1008, we callta the atlentionof holders of STATE OF ALABAMA
HON TS, maturing July 1, 1996, that we are now prepared fo comtroet for thee
livery of anid POTR PPR CENT HESEWAL BONTS when ' Change for
Henda maturing duly t, 1008, and would therefore request the holders of maturing
bone, desiring to make such exchanee, to commiunente with either of (he onder
signed
New Vork Waw tar

jaan f

one
LADENBURG, THALMANN 4 CO.

WEHLIEAM SALOMON @ ¢
GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO.
WM, A. READ 4 CO.

FOR SALE

$100,000
First Mortgage

4°, GEMI-ANNUALLY DUR 1015

PROPERTY IN THE HEART OF THE
BEST RETA. BUSINESS DISTRICT.
WILL SELL. FOR $96,600, AND AC-
CRUED INTEREST. MUST BE SOLD
BEFORE THURSDAY —PRINCIPALS
ONLY. ADDRESS H., BOX 118 SUN.

Union Pacific Railroad Co.

FIRST LIEN CONVERTIBIE
4% GOLD HONDA.

Notice ts hereby given to holders of Uston Pacific

Raliroad Company First Lien Coavertibie 4% Bonds

that, pursuant to tbe terme of the Mortgage and

Deed of Trust under which sald bonds were issued,

the option to convert sald bonds into the COMMON

CAPITAL STOCK of eaid Company enpires on

MAY 1, 1008, and no bonde will be received for
conversion after that ste

ALEX. MILLAR, Secretary,
1290 Broadway. New York. April 12, 1906

 

(POA UE ra a = oad ne a ean ae mt rat Ae = conan ame ee rs ly

featiiros of the market Ite etren th oar |
aeoribed mainiy to the probability that the |
dividend would not long remain on the baals
apparantly established by tie resent declare
ton of | per cent, of half the @arteriy rate
Which hae been paid heretofore The theors
Was that even if the reduction in the price of
ana to 4) cent should reault in a considerable
lus of profita in that department of the com-
Ppany'’s husiness the large earnings from
oleeteic lighting, no part of whieh has here
tofore lye diateibuted, could be drawn on
fo an eyient sufflele t to juetify an annual
distribution of at lenat @ per cent on Con
solidated (ias stock. A good deal of the
buying seemed to come from the shorts,
although evidences of aceimulation by short
interests were not wanting om last week's
decline. This accumulation had eo far re-
duced the floating snpply that when the bears
tried to coves they found the operation by no
meatea easy

It Was recalled that on their return from
their Faster holidays London brokers hed
found a substantially higher level for Amert-
can stocks and there wae quite a little apecu-
lation aa to whether they would not find a
somewhat similar condition of affairs on their

New York, May Ist, 1900
Mr George Poster Peabody. having determined to
retire from acitve business, has this dey, te our
reat regret, withdrawn from membership im our

trm

We have this day admitted to
firm Mr. Carl G. Smedberg and.
Bulkley, who have for several years
of attorney.

®

As incidents in the copper market, it was
mentioned that a large company manufactur-
ing an important line of railroad supplies had
bid 19 cents for a good sized amount of the
metal for June delivery, but had been unable
to secure any, and that the General Electric
Company would soon put 2,000) additional

artoersh!p in our
r. Erastus W.
eld our power

Spencer Trask & Co.

INVESTORS READ

The Wall Street Journal

a greater use of copper by this concern.

COPPER, TIN AND LEAD.

Steady fneoming of EKurepean Demauds
‘ | °
for Blecitrelytic and Lake Cepper | Apri) 80, 1908,
The domestic market for prime refined cop- | We regret to announce that Mr. Franela J. Paton
withdraws from our firm, as of this date.
CUYL

 

 

 

 

2R, MORGAN & CO,

ro eanaccoint. Few producers haveanycop- |
per for July delivery, and there is little avail-
able for August shipments. ‘Iwo of the larger
Western producers are under contract for all
they can deliver to the first of October.

Prices are firm with indications of an early
avoce. Lake is held at i8’¢a@ts’ye for duly
and August Electrolytic is 18),@is%e.
Prime casting grades of copper, for thirty
days delivery, are is'{a@is'.e. Standard cop-
per warrants, spot, are £85 2a, 6d.; forwards,
£83 78. 6d.; best selected, 480 bs.

The demand for casting copper of the best

WANTED By Stock Exchange house, go:
runpers. Address B.C,

od Btock
box 110 Sun office,

 

    

COTTON MARKET,

Prices Up-England’s Ravenous Demend
~—Gilies Crop Report Rather Bearish
—Some May Notices.

Tt was a bull day, so far as it went, Yiver-
pool advices being bullish,not only as to prices
but in the matter of the spot business there,

TITE

 

 

bracds is insistent by domestic melters, and | the Stock Exchange was more cheerful, the
for spot metal prices are very firm For Cats | estiiuated receipts at the Southwest for to-
load lots loval fo inders are payins 1&8 TAO j day are light, heavy rains fell in parts of
Lake copper in 60,000 poind tots for thirty | that section, the spot situation was atill

days delivery is fetching 10!

For domestic account the week opened with
sales of 5,000,000 pounds of electrolytic by a
Wostern producer to an up-State electrical
apparatus corporation, and 2,000,000 pounds
of jake to an Eastern rolling mill all tor
shipment in August. Foreign interests, which
have reliel ov Japanese prod cers for
Years past, are now negotiating in London
for American copper, owing to the marked
falling off in ontput from the Ashio mines,
which for m ny years produced one-third of
Japan's copper. These mines are coming to
an end as an important factor in sipplies for
European wants. The Ashtlo mines have |
been run for years by labor that is slave in
everything but name, operating until lately

strong, Spot interests were apparently buying
and leading bulls still gave more or less sup-
Port, though they sold some May. These
things offset the effect of a very favorable
Texas report in the Journal of Commerce
and the statement of K. M. Giles ta the effect
that the area planted over t @ entire belt
is 65 per cent., against S8 per cent. last year,
the acreage 6.2 per cent. larger and the fer-
tilizers 15 per cent. larger. May notices were
| issued for 4,000 bales, but this hardly pos-
sessed more than passing interest,

The speculation coutinued to be confined
for the most part, however, to »rofessionals,
and this is the weak point in
to say nothing of the fact that prices are $15
& bale higher than a year ago.

On the other hand, however, the enormous

, 7 , yay consumption goes on without interruption
10,000 hands working seve: days in the y eek. | gor wales in fiverpool of 12,000 bales . day
the stipend being seven cents a day for women | show the ravenous nature of the Englis

demand, while the raports from Manchester
are in the main distinctly favorable. Spot
interests bought May and sold July. Price
Interests xcemed to be doing the opposite.
roA. Melutyre & Co. said: “The dulness
shows the apathy or s eptielsim of out-
sidera in regard to the attractiveness of
the market as a speculative or investment
proposition under the existin Conditions.
Ve, however, helieve that after the com-
plicated speculative posirion-of Wall Street’s
security and money inarket has been cleared
up prices will improve somewhat, as the
bull cliques
position in the Muy option and have got to
do something sooner or later ip the way of

and eleven cents for men.

Pig tin in the local market is 39°,@40c.
London asks for spot, £183 10s.; three months,
£177. Domestic stocks are small and the
prospect is for hand to mouth supplies and
high level prices through the year.

Vig lead is in good request, and prices are
firtn at 6.50@5.60c.

MARINE

MINIATURB ALMANAC THIS DAY.
4.0 Sunsets 6 5t Moonsets 12:08

 

INTELLIGENCE,

 

 

Sunrises

 

HIGH WATHR THIS DAY. | Inanipulation in order to make a_ better
Sandy Hook 11:57, Gov Islend.12.20 Hell Gate.,..2:22 | imerket for the distribution of their large
holdings, At the same time nearly all the

April 20,
Washington,

new erop anetons are oversold.
f one should care to trade, the beat :
tion to take would be on the bull ate ane
favor purchases on all soft spots, but only
for, Pov erate: Sicse until the general situa-
‘on and oltflook become more_reassu

for the development of bull spaculati bd

Arrived— MONDAY,
Desp&tch boat) Dolphin,

Therefore,
uv. Ss.

A 2M,

co Minnehaha, London, April 21.

Se Vaderiand, Antwerp, April 2t,

Ss Zulla, Curagoa, April oh.

Ss Matanzas, Havana, April 26.

is Kk e drug, April 20, : y ,
Rt Seen aie Sau Agri RY) M FTO, brokers sold May and bought July,
Ss Pring August Wilhelm Kingston, April 26, ree orig FO vt bought May and sold
Ss Alggnquin, Jacksonville, April 27. July, easrs, Weld, Shearson, Siedenburg
Ss Fl Norte, Galveston, Apt 24. and Liverpool houses bought, Messrs,
Ss Comus, New Orleans, April 2%. Springs, Ware and Moore sold.

Henry Clewa & Co. said: “Tl

Ss Manna Hata, Baltimore, April 27.
osition continues to favor the

Ship Drumpark, Sinyma, Feb. 15. @ statistical

ull side and

 

he demand from the spinners here and in

ARRIVED OUT. Europe enables Southern spot owners to on

Ss La Bretagne, from New York at Havre. tain a good premium above the contract
Ss Zeeland, from New York at Setily Prices in New York or New Orleans. Out-
Ss Kaiser Wilhelm, from New York at Plymouth, | side speculators have naturally been dis-

Ss Liguria, from New York at Gibraltar, couraved ty recent ev

enta from i
bull ride, but a good wopening the

BAILED FROM POREIGN PORTS. portion of the profes-

 

    
     
 
  

  

 

 

   

 

   
 
 
  

   

 

  

  

  
  
 

    
  
   

 

   

 

  

 

     

   
   
   

     

 

 

  

 

  
 

 

  

: . sionals of the trade still adhere t y |
Ss Lombardia, from Tarifa for Now York. that no graat decline is likel rar fae theory, |
Ss Wells City, from Swansea sot OWT REL the continued strength of the spot situation
Ss Graf Waldersee, from Dover : and the aim oulty experienced in securing de-
sirable grades of cotton in any of the mar
oviseine eee eee t large. The weather conditions South eae
Satl To day. ; een mopetally favorable except that rain is
Afaue Vesna Rede in parte of the Atlantio const States,
Mose. c rile it is now generally conceded t yrus-
Grosser Kurfirst, Bremen @30AM 1000 A M | pects are much better than eas nae peaas
America, Sap eee + ee nee te 300 P M ew weeks ago, il. must be remembered that
isn ee aa ee es 300p M | the critical period for the crop is still betore
Ronis aeiventoeh ence. 300 P Mf 18, and the usual vrop scares may be expected
Cha 300PM ason.
Oreo eey eee. 300PM| . Cottonon the spot advanced 6 points, Mid-
Kansas City’, Savanna’ s00P M | dling, 11.75c. against 7.90c, last year; New
‘Satt To-morrow. Orleans and Gulf, 120., agalnat 8.150.
Teutonic, Liverpool... 700 / 1000 1M The receipts were as follows:
Statendai . Rovierdam 10004 M Yesterday. wort eon
Patina cas. VTL) | Port recetpte..., *16, 17,294 11407
Grenada, Trinidad... - .  Augusta..... 102 v7 1207
San Meroos, Galveston 3.0 PM plemnp hy 1,202 1,044 2,128
Comus, New Orieans. . 1200M_ | St. Louls., ei 1,5°0 2.790
Princess Ane, Norfolk... .. S0OP M | Operas oat 1,870 3,396
Satl Thursday, | ‘
La Provence, Havre. 700 J 1000A M The movement at the thirteen principal ine
Byron, Argentina.......... 700 1000. A 4 terlor towns was as follows:
City of Macon, Savannah.. ....... ' $00 P 7 T ast Last
Algonquin, i ae 800P M mains Vougrdey. veer year,
a ay, May 4, teeterververecess sere i
Advance, Colon........... ti so A Mi 800P M | Shipments teeveeees 8,069 8,587 14,628
Santlago, Santiago........ 120M 800 P M Estimated receipta:
Pring Litel Fe'd'eh,Jam'ca 12 00 M 800P M Last Last
Sabine, Brumswick........ 0 cosesees sOOPM To dav. Week. Year.
seer | Houston......4..64 1,760-2,°00 60% |
INCOMING STEAMSHIPS, A1VEBtON......... 9,690-4,000 7,088 6,208
Due To-day. aati te | New Orleans....:; 1:400-1,+00 6244 5:05
Victorian. ..scssseeeeeess DAV OrpOOL,.......- Apr | Futures advanced 10 to 12 points, closin
Gerty. » Glvraltar.,...-.+- ADrU 18 | steady, with estimated sales of 300,000 alee
Venetia + are ten a Pe ia | Prices ‘as follows: , ;
. c \e . ;
Rankerepessstte ‘Christiansaad....-ApHl 21 | Highest. Lowest. Closing. Prev.Ciose.
Carmania......-.+++ . Liverpool, .. April 24 | May....c.056) DEVS BL.05 1N16@IO.17 11,07611.08
Kronpring Wilhelm. ..... remen... April 24 | July. + 11.00) 10.97 10.9%@10.00 10,88 10.99
Lobelia ee .. Swansea... April 18 | Aug + LAGS 10.74 10,8310.84 10,78@10.16
Pring Adaibert,... Glbraitar., April 21 | Ootopor..,.....10.47 10.34 10.46@10.47 10.87@10,88
(italiane nis Gibrnitar., ‘April 20 | December......10.4) 10.87 10.4°@10.49 10.81@10.40 |
Lampasas..... bee Galveston, + AR 25) Futures in New Orleans were as follows:
Princess Anne,,,........ Norfolk.....cse+. ADM 0 Open- High. Low- Clos- Prep
Due To -merrovw. ng. est. est, ing. Ctose.
Hohesothermss+ sess... Gidraivarierses++sApelt 22 yay tenes seeeeeees aia ita He H i as
YOMANCHE.......:. 5500 5e COATIEROD cress s ADT S| TW ecccreceness f ‘ ; i ‘
emerson... ... vena ves fy ORMOLK ss M October.......... 103) 1041 10.85 10.41 10:91
Due Thursday, May 3. In Liverpool spot cotton was unchanged.
Amerika. Hamburg,........ April 26 | Middling, @.08d., agalnst 420d. last year.
: eau ‘* Beemon.... April 22 | Sales, 12,00 bales: imports, none. Futur
rbarossh..... .«. Gibraltar... April 24 | closed unchanged to 2 pointe higher, as fol-
Koenlgin Lulse. Glbraltar.. April 24 | lows:
OretiOs.. 5s. s300% . Gibraltar Apri! 24 Vast |
¥l Valle.... ; Gaiveston, April 26 Monday. Saturday. Year. |
City of Atlanta............ Savannah, » April 30 Anrit es tenses ' oe Red 415 |
riday, May 4. June July.. +. 4.7
Baltle.....:.: Due pp rates for Wipes Sh seseppril 26 August Septembe eee 5.82 4% |
J y Cty. Swansea $erl » | October November....... 5.64 6.02 4.28
British Trader........ Antwerp.......+.. April 22 , :
Mascitia.; Bias vee Glbraltar.......... Apel 3s | DIVIDEND DECLARATIONS.
k Lorraine. aes HAN einnt Apel mi |
UeCLB..... +e... Galveston...... AD | .
, a Company and Term. Stock, Amt, Payoble
Bl RO, gece cc ccosececcs es  GQIVCSUOB..,...... ADH BS Georela Hallway and Elec- te 1]
» Quarterly.........,.. oom yi
By Mareont Wireless, Tonogaband Goidhetd Ral mm . i
Ss Carmania for New York 600 miles cast a | Tonopab and Goldfield Rall - iid
Nantucket at 0:20 A. M. yeste le eseerecevere S May 6

.

   

Having purchased, with aasoelates from th: STATE OF ALABAMA jhe |

he situation, |

|

{
|

are holding on to their bullish |

|

Vinee AND InTERENT.

OP IDO DPI ALP BE PPL PO BRPL MA PPP ABN PAA NS AOD

Coupons Due and Payable

AT THE OFFICER OF

A. BL

rong@enty

Farson, Leach & Co,

119 BROADWAY
NEW YORK CITY

MAY tet.

Bartow, Pie,

| Calhoun County, lowa

| Connersville, Ind., Water and School,
Iron Mountain, Mieh., Schoo!

Kokomo, Ind,

Okmulgee, Ind. Ter,, Water & Sewerage.
Portland, Ind., School.

Rockford & Freeport Blee, Ry. Co.
Snohom'sh County, Wach,, §. 1., No. 28,
Summit, N, J.

Union City, Ind., School.

Van Buren, Ind., Sehool.

MAY 10th,
New Castle, Ind., School,

MAY 15th.
Kalamazoo, Mich., City & St. Improvement.
Swayzee, Ind., School.
Webster Co., lowa.

MAY 20th.
Saint Ignace, Mich., Water,

MAY 22d.
Appleton, Minn., Public Building.

TRUST co *8

66 Rroadway,
NEW YORK.

Coupons peyable at this office on end

after May Ist, 1906.

New York (City 3s.

New York City 3',s.

New York City Ss.

Bay Shore Union Free School District No. 1 4s.
Cedrie Ditch Co. tst 64.

Citizens Bleetric Co. of North Plainfleld, N. .1.,

Ist Ss.
Columbus, Buckeye Lake & Newark Traction
Co, Lat Sa.

DuBois Flectric & Traction
Trust 5s.

Fifth Avenue Estates Genl. 58.

Fort Madison Water Co. Reg. Int. 3s.

Co, Collateral

Lima Oil Co. tet 6s.

Marietta, Columbus & Cleveland R. R, Co.
st Ss

Manhanset Improvement Co. 1st 6a.

Newburgh Electric Ry. Co. 1st 5s.

New River Coal & Coke Co. ist 6.

New Jersey Steamboat Co. Consolidated $s.
North Georgia Electric Co, (Series B) 1st 6s,
Patchogue Mfg. Co., 1st 6s.

Pelham Manor (Village of), Sewers 4s.

Pere Marquette R. R. Co. of Indiana Ist 46.
Rochester Gas & Electric Co. Consolidated Ss,
Rochester, Syracuse & Eastern R. R. Co, 1st 58.
Rockland Light & Power Co. Ist 5s.

Rocky Mountain Coal & Tron Co, iat fs.
Safety Insulated Wire & Coble Co. ist 6s.
San Francisco Coke & Gas Co. 1st ds.

Sing Sing Gas Mfg. Co. Ist 4s.

Southern States Land Co. tet és.

Southern States Land Co. 2d 6s.

Watervliet Hydraulic Co, Lst 6a.

DUE MAY ISTH, 1906,
Hammondeport (Village of), N. Y., 5s.
Lambe (The), herlaterea Interest 5s.

Philadelphia, April 28th, 1908.

The Philadetphia Company advises us that they
wl place with us the Dividend duc May Ist, 1906,
on all of the stock represented by the Guarantee
Trust & Safe Deposit Company's receipts as De-
positary under @ Plan and Proposition for the
purchase of Philadelphia Company's stock by the

nited Railways Investment Company of San
Vranelnoo,

{talders of sald recelpts of the Guarantee Trust
& Safe Deposit Co. will please present the same at
the oMces of the Guarantee Trust & Safe Deposit
Co. and {ts sub deposttarles on May lat or after,
for the payinent of sold Dividend.

Certificates niuist be presented to the depositary
or sub-depositary Issulug the same to secure this

BY. ment +a
VARANTER & SAPE DEPOSIT CO.,,
Depositary
Sub Depositories

416-18 20 Chestnut Street,
New York Trist Co, New York City,

 

 

 

TRUST

Colonhil Trust Co. Pittsburgh
Alex, Brown & Son, Haltt{more
TWIN CITY RAPID TRANSIC COMPANY,
New York, April uth 1006,

The Directors of this Company have this day
declared a quarterly dividend of One and one-
quarter per cent, on the common stock of the Com-
pany, payable on and after May (5th, 1006, to the
stockholders of record at the close of business

 

May Ist, 1906, at the oMee of The Farmers’ Loan
an ‘Trust Company 16-22 Wiliam Street, New
York Clty. Dividend cheeks wil be matiled to

blockholders who bave Sled onde
.

BE. 8S. PATYVRE, Secretary,

———--——.~ —

Litchfleld & Madison Railway Company.

Coupons duc May 1, 1906, from the Firet Mort+

gage live Per Oent, Thirty Year Gold Bonds of the

above Company, will be pald on and after that

date, at the office of Dent, Palmer & Co., 82 William
Street, New Lor.
L. M. CAMERON, Treasurer,

re erent NN

MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS,

 

Coffee Quiet and Lower—Metals Firmer
—Provisions Irregular.

The coffee market was rather weak, with the
trading ona muderatescale, The cables were
disappointing and Wall street and local
lows, disgusced with the failure of the market
to advance, in some cases gold out, There
was more or less jiatmmering, too, by local
traders and «a certain amount of foreign
selting Was reported.

The weather !n Bra’ il was favorable and the
receipta continued on a relatively liberal
scale, although the total arrivals at Rio and
Saitos thue far this seaton are 154,000 baga
sinaller than for the same time last year
and 506,000 emailer than in the corresponding
period two years ago. The consumption is
admittedly large anid a good decrease in the
visible for the month is generally expected.
In the n wheen of the speculation, how-
gyer. bullish features of the situation count
Of iste.

Joffee on the spot was dull at &e. for No. 7,
utures closed uneba: aed to 5 points lower.
avre declined *;f. liamburgwas unchanged,

Rio declined 745 reis: exchange, 8-82d. higher,

at 15ied.; receipts, 10,000 ba stock, 44,000,

hantos Was uncl.anged; receipts, 10,000 bags:

stock, 615,000. Prices here as follows:

Hrpesi: Lowest. Closing. Pres.Close,

+64) 64 6.15@6, 6.45@6.°0

6.FO@H.6 6.65 @"'.70

6.80 @e.85 6.56 @4.00

7.067.190 TANTS

7.16@7.20 7.20@7.26
tone was stronger, with tin

lead up 6 points. In ndon
for spot, while futures
£143 108. and
there advanced

  

ME

Tats —T
co. higher an
n advanced £1 bs

he

1
4
it
were unchanged,
177 respectively, Copper
8. 6d., closing at £85 2s. 6d. for spot and
88 76. 6d. for fitires. Prices here aa fol-
own: Lake, 18.50@18 75hc.; electrolytic, 18.25
@18.500.; castings, I8@18.25e., lead, 6.60@
6.70c.: apelter, 6.05°76.16e.; tin, 80. 574,@39.9%e,

Provistons.,-Lard was quiet; rime
Western, $9; refined Continent, $9.10; Routh
Americau, $10. Pork was quiet at $17.50@
$17.75 for moss, Tallow, S4Gh%e. Butter—
Creamery, firsts, 2tc. Tggs--Western, firsts,
18¢. Chicago, April 30.- “Lbe declive in hogs
and liquidation io May made provisions
slightly lower part of the day. Support
from packers close | the market (rm at some
improvement ‘there was a taty demand for
investment from parties who expe ¢ an up-
turn as soon as May li (uidetion is completed,”
Prices as follows:

closing ai

Open Ihigh low Clas Pree
Lard: ing eat s’ ity (lose,
OY....... S.O96 a he Roa sO kw
July... R 2g BTS Hrsg 8.7 sth
Sept. Hig NAG STM RATG RR
Oat... &.75 BATy & Je Baik, H.77g
Ribs:
May... 8.40 RAY aa R45) gH
duly... SH'tg #7) SS7'g NT) a
Sent oor OE sus so 4.76 565
Pork:
May... 15 0 1h 6) 1§ 50 5 99 18 5A
July. ......28. 78 160 A 7klg 1h 60 1%. 772
Sept... U8.82g 1) 80 ty Reig 18.9) 9 18 771g
Sugar. -Raw waa firm at 8.48e. for centrif-

ugal 96 test and 3c. for mugeovadosn 89 Lest,
Kefined was active and firm; granuated,

4.4594 500
Spirits of turpentine, 67440.

NaVAL STORES
Common to good strained rosin, $4.05,

EACH & CO.,.

en a ee

Coupons Waturing May, 190

PAV ANLE AT THe

BANKING HOUSE

N, W. HARRIS & CO,

Pine Street, Corner William

|

Cnieags aw VouE Bostor,
rimar
Hoker Cowaty, Ove, Senoot District ne, 4
School ,

Catto, ., Pleetrie Light Plagt,

Charlotie, Meh, Water Worka,

Clackamas County, Ore, Seheot
No. 4 Sehoot Hulidiag, Series “#,

Crysta! Patle, Mich., Refunding.

fice Wotmes, fa., City Ralway 6¢., Coaset
dated Pleat Morigage.

Fest Portiand, Ore., Water and Light,

Fvanston, Ui,, School Huliding,

Pertus Palte, Mina,, Independent Sehool Din
irlet Refunding: School Bultding,

Groton, 8. Dak., Independent School District
Refunding.

Hawthorre. tit., Board of Education, School
District No. 7, Schoot

ladepeadence, ta. Electric Light.

ithaca, Mich., Water,

Jeffersonville, Ind,, Refunding.

Jerseyvitie, Ii'., Refunding.

Logae, Utah, Schoo! Buliding, Gold,

Macon, Mo,, Sewer.

Mahaska County, la. Fusdiag.

Marion, S. C., Sewerage.

Menominee, Mich., Sewer aad Paving; Street
Improvement.

Mowat Pleasant, Mich, Sewer.

New Whatcom, Wash., Punding.

Norfolk, Va.. Appropriation
“A” and “B,’

Norfolk, Va., caret:

Norfolk, Va., Smith's Creek Bridge,

Norfolk, Va., Water.

Oakes, N. Dak.. Water and Sewer,

Pennsylvania & Mahoning Valley Raliway
Co., First Mortgage Re aading.

Pulaski County, Ind., Court Howse.

Roane County, Tenn., Fuading.

Rochester, Iné., Water Works.

Sabuala, Ia., Refunding.

Salem, Ore., Pundiag.

Schenectady Railway (Co.. Schenectady,
N. Y., Consolidated Mortgage,

Sevicr County, Tenn., Funding ; Turnpike.

Shelbyville, Mo, Electric Light Works,

} South Bend Fue! & Gas Co., Seuth Bend,
Ind., First Mortgage Gold.

Stevens County, Wash., Schoo! District No. 2,
Gold Refunding (Colville),

Toluca, Ul, Water Works.

United Electric Light & Power Co., Balti-
more, Md., First Consolidated Mortgage.
Waco, Tex., Public Free School, 4th deetes:

Water Works, 2d Serles.
Whatcom County, Wash., Funding Gold.
Whitman Couaty, Wash, School District
No. 9 (Palouse).
Wilton, N. H., Water Works.
Woodbury County, la.. Refunding.
SECOND
Decatur, [i., Board of Education, School
District, School Building.
Lawrence County, Ill., School District Ne, 2
EIGHTH
Menasha, Wis., High School Buliding,
FIFTEENTH
Britt, la., Water Works.
Lemont, Ili., Refunding,
Menasha, Wis., Bridge.
EIGHTEENTH
Pierce County, Wash., Scheol! District Ne. 23
(Fernhill),

|
|
|

Series

 

 

16, 18, 20 and 22 William Sr., N. Y. City.

Cotipons and dividends due tn May are payable
at this oiMce on and after May jst, 1906, as follows.

Braddock Gas & Light Company.
Cedar lapide Weter Com es
Cleveland and Marietta. Ratlway Company.
Ciaclouat, Lebanon & Northern Rallwey Com-

pany.
Evansville Electric Rallway Company iat Mtge.

49

fivansville, Terre Haute & Chicago R. R. Co.
(income Mortgage)
Elizabethtown Water Company.
Housatoulc Ratiread Company.
Huntington Water Company.
Larchmont Yacht Cluy.
Meridan Water Wor'.s Company.
Minneanolis street Ratiway Company ist Mtge,
ot Mine, Of.
Middletown Gas @ Electro Light Company.
Mobic & Ublo Kallroad Company, Equipment,
Series "A"

Mt. Vernon Water Works Company.

Mineral Point aud Northero Rallway Company,

Nanse@imoud Water Company,

Northwestern Coal Rallway Company,

North Platte Water Company

Omaha Gas Manufacquring m pany.

Omalia Street Rallway Company,

Ogden Gas Company

Pennsylvania Katiroad Company, Consolidated
Mortgage.

Peniaylvania Rallroad Company, first Mortgage
Real Estate

Pittsburg, Clncinnatl, Chicago é& St. Louis Ry.
Co., Series C & DD.

Pittsburg, Youngstown @& Ashtabula RR. Co.

7

 

1st Con. Morte. § per cent,
Racine Water Cotmpany,
St. Louls Cable & Western Rallroad Company.
Scranton Suburban Raliwey arene?
Vicksburg. Shreveport & Pacifico Ry Co.
Watchung Water Company.
Wellaville Water Company.
May 15, 1906,
Catekill Illuminating & Power Company.
DIVIDENDS:
May 1, 1906.
The Parmers’ Laan pee faye Company.
ay 16, i '
Twin City Raptd Transit Company, on Common
Stock.
The Pullman Company.

 

Winslow, Lanier & Co., 69 Cedar St, W. ¥. City.

THE FOLLOWING COUPONS AND DIVIDENDS
ARE PAYABLE AT OUR BANKING HOUSE ON’
AND APTER

 

MAY IST, 1906.

American Cotton Oll Co., Debenture tgs,
Cleveland & Pittsburgh R. R, Co,, Gen, Mort. 84a,
Cambridge Clty, Ind,
Connersyfle, Ind., School Fund,
Greenficld, Ind., School Fund,
Massillon & Cleveland R. R. Oo., Quarterly Divi.
dend 2%. :
Marion, Ind., Schoo! Bonds.
Niagara Falls Power Oo., Canadian Coll. 6% Debent.
Series "B,"
Pittsburgh, Ft, Wayne & Onlo, Ry, Co.. tet Mort,
7% Bonds, Series “EF.”
Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayne & Chic, Ry. Co., 8d Mort,
7, Bouds, Series “L.”
Portsmouth, Ohlo, Water Works 48,
Rushville, Ind.,, Water Works 6s,
Starke County, Ind., Ceurs House 6s
MAY 4TH,
Rochester, Ind,, School 6s,
MAY 1aTH.
Portsmouth, Ohlo, Olty Bullding 5a,
MAY iSTH.
Columb!s City, Ind., Water Works, 6s,
Dearborn County, Ind,, Funding &s.
Noblosville, [ud., Improvement Bonds,
Posey County, Ind., Gravel Road.
Starke County, Ind., Gravel Road,
Owen County, Ind., Gravel Road.
MAY 21ST,
Mar lon County, Ind., Refunding 3'4s,

COUPONS DUE AND PAYABLE AT THE

GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY
OF NEW YORK
28 NASSAU STREET

ON AND AFTER MAY Ist, 1996.

 

 

American Steel Casting Co. Ist Mtg 5s
Cen, of Ga. Ry. Co, Ist Con. . aie oe
Cen. R. R. & Bke. Co. of Ga. Col. Tr... . 5s
Cumberland & Pa, R. R. Co. Ist Mtg. . 5s
E. I.de Pont de Nemours & Co. Col. Tr. . 4s
Lorain St. Ry. Co. Ist Mtg.......... §s
Mich. Cen. R, R. Co, Ist Mtg..... 3 hos

Mob. & Ohio R.R, Co. (St. Louis &

Gatto Gol ey cissiasciseccs wre ae
Raleigh Elec. Co..... Pear Oe
Sacramento Elec. Gas & Ry, Co......5s
Wilkes-Barre & Hazleton R. R. Co.

(due May 15)....... Male woe HRNItieds 5s

Province of ebec 6% loan of 1808 Coupons
ue let May, 1908, will | { t
os Bank o. Ssontrest, ie Well tN ¥. ane, ©

 

| of New York that a special mecting of the Stock-

tnd

dy

for the transa;tion of a geeral Stock Rac e ‘%
vend Bond tis! tees
MICHAEL M, VAN RBEUREN, }

 

    
   
  

   

[___ sremmenen, gem errenaey,.
| Coupons payable at the office of

 
 

|

|

     

Farson, Son & Co.

S iwcarsore ta

Farson, Leach & Co,
44 PINE STREPT, NEW VORK CITY.

   

  
   
    
     
 
    
   
   
     
    
  
  
  
      
     
   
   
    
 
 
   
         
       
    
   
   
    
    
   
 
    
  
   
     
   
    
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
    
   
  
   
     
   
    
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
   
     
    
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
      
    
   
  
  
 
  
    
  
    
  
  
  
     
       
    
  
    
   
     
 
    
 
   
  
 
    
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
     
 
   
    

WAY IST, 1900
Rartow, Tia
Connersvitle, bed | Waterworks
Iron Motintain, Wieh , Sehoot
| Kokomo, Ind, City Building

morier
Te holders of '% aye recetpte ti
by tod ciearantes Trost Hate ihepaatt ¢

ent Preoposttion

 

Lake Porest, til, Sehoot ‘
| Okmulgee, 1. 7. Warer and Sewer 4
Portland, tnd.. Sehool ‘
Rockford & Preeror Blee Riway Co, fe
Se Cloud, Wien jrorl Dieetriet
Snohomish County, Wah, & D.No, i.
Summit, \. J., Sewer ue
lnion Cite, Ind . Sehoat Vy
| Van Buren, Ind., School i
| Washington County, tnd i
MAY 101M
New Castle, Ind , Sehool
| MAY 16TH i
Swaytee, Ind. bunding }
| Teton County. Yont. §. D. Mo. 1
| Webster County, lowa
| MAY 20TH
| Se. Ignace, Mich., Water

aitary ander Pla

  

“ot

 

y B4th, tous. for the porehase
1 shares of the Common Stock of the
adelphia €ompany.

 

ven to the holders of reeripte
ped the assignment of Inter-
of the United Ratlways In-
 Veanelseo due there-
ef the Syndicate for the
f the Cntted Raliways
requested us to an
piice of sald assigned
of sald “stamped”

Notict Ja Rene £
upon which fs “stam
est in certain shares
vestment Compan
under thet th Manave
purehas: Sald sheer
Investnient Company have
nounee that the purchase
shares will be pild to the holders

receipts on May ist, 1906, afcer which date no in.
terest will aecru
| Holders of sald “stomped” recetpts will please
| present the sa f ’ ent on Tuesday, May
} dst, 1906. after whi lat interest willacerue
' foeelnts must t sented in ecch case at the
1 of fit jepeost » sty depositary issuing
}1 om
Gt tANCER §H & AFE DEPOSIT CO,
Depositary
By RICHARD VY. COOK, President,
Sub Depositaries
New York sust Co ‘ rk Clty.
Colontal rust en bu
\leg. Hhrown & n lia wore
-- - -_—-—-__—__—_——
PRESSED STEEL CAR COMPANY.
New York, N.Y. April 25th, 1906, 4
PREPERRED DIVIDEND ND. 2
\ atnarcer divider of ONE AND THREE-
CARTERS RER CN 144°.) will be pald on
the preferred stoek of this company May 23d, 1906,
to stockholters ef record ot the close of business
Moy 2d m Cheques wlt be matled from the
offce of the Conipany rhe transfer Books will
close at three © M. May 2d, 1908, and reopen at
ten A, M. May cad, 1906
. G. JENKS, Treasurer,

  

NS oD
ELECTIONS AND MEETINGS.

To the Stockholders of TUE, NEW AMSTERDAM
NATIONAL BANK of New York
Notice is hereby given to the stockholders of
THE NEW AMSTERDAM NATIONAL BANK

 

 

 

holders of s.ld Bank will be held at the office of
sald Bank ot the corner of Broadway and Thirty- *
ninth sireet in the Borouza of Manhattan in the
City of New York at 12 o'clock noon on the 14th
day of May, 190#, to consider and act upon the prop-
oaition to Increase the capital stock of the sald The

New Amsterdam National Bank from $590,000 to
$1,000,000, divided Into shares of $100 each, subject
to the roval of the Comptroller of the Currency

   
  
  

   
 

accor fo the pros yns of an act of Congress
appro May ist. 188). and to consider and act
upon other business relating to the above
matter smeay pror come before the mecting,
The. wansfe, Pooks ott 1 Hank will be Way
tem days prior 4) le lay o ecting, at 3 P,
' ahd will open a’ Voloek A, Mw on the 16th by of
Moy. 1908
Dated New « April 14, 19946 x.
By order o. che Board of Digectora

—

MIL#S M. ORRIN,
President,
T. O. ELDREDGE,
Cashier.
Bhi scesace besvebdihuonsds Gor easresiecene ee eas
TONAL NICKEL COMPANY,
of Fourth Annual Meeting.

Notlee hereby Is given that the Fourth Annual
Meeting of the Stockholders of the Internatlonal
Nickel Company will be held at the principal office
of the Company, at Constable Hook, Bayonne,
New Jersey, on Tuesday, the 22d day of May, 1908,

at SHB en ree for the election
re

 

ce for three years,
thetransaction of any and all business
that may come before the meeting, including con-
sidering and v oR upoa the approval and ratifica-
tion of all contracts, acts and proceedings of the
Hoard of Ultectors or tac Excculive Committee
thereof, since the third annual meeting of the
Stockholders of the Company on May 23d. 19065,
@s sel forth In the minutes of the Board of Diree-
tors and of sald Committee, whieb until the meet
ing will be op n to exaominetion by Stockholdera
of record during business hours, at the New York
City oMce of the Company, 44 Exchange Place,

The stock transfer books will be clased at the
clone of business on the 3d day of May, 1806, an
will be reopened at 10 o'cloek in the morning o:
Wednesday, May 28d, 1008

By order of (he Board of Directors

S. HH, P, PELL. Secretary.
Bayonne, New Jersey, April 2d. 1008,

THE DELAWARE AND HUPSON COMPANY,
New York, April 7, 1006,

Thq_Annual Meeting of th: Stockholders of The

DELAWARE AND HU(!SON COMPANY will! be

held at the oMece of th: Company, tn tic MUTUAL

LIFE BUILDIN ® i Street, New York
City, on Tuceday,

oy OP
the Sth day of May next, for
the election of Managers and for such other bual-
hese @&8 nay properly come before the meeting.
The polis will open at 12 o'clock noon, re.
mala open for ut least one hour,
The Transfer hooks wit! bo closed from the close
of business Saturday. April 28, uni! the
of Wednesday, May oth
By order of the Board of Managers,
‘ ‘F. M. OLYPHANT, Seoretary.

ccevepereeecee tacale sah CR ete alae ah ccernisenastesemeaeneaaie
OFFICE OF
SHORE AND MICHIGAN SOUTH:
N RAILWAY QOMPANY,
Cleveland, Oh®, April 2nd. 1006.
Wotloe la neve @lvon that the Annual Meeting
of the Sto lders of this company, for the elec-
Uon of Directors, and for the transaction of such
Other business as may be brought before the meet.
Ing, will be held at the principal oilice of the com-
yee in Cleveland, Oalo, on the FIRST WEDNES-
AY (belong the 2nd day) OF MAY, 1006, at 10
o'clock A. M. ‘Thé Polt will continue open for
hour thereafter,

upee wa Te RORES Seerctary.

OFFICH OF THE
NEW YORK, CHICAGO AND ST.
RAILROAD COMPANY.
Cleveland Onto, April 2nd, 1906,
NOTICE I$ HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual
Meeting of the Stockholders of this company, for
the election of Directors, and for the transaction
of such other business as may be brought before
the meeting, will be held at the principal o:
sno. com hy in Cleveland, Oblo, om the
DNESDAY (being the 2nd day) of MAY, 1
atdo'o M. Poll will continue open for
one hour

after.
By order of the Pom of Direotors.
DWIGHT PARDEE, Seoretary.

To the Stockholders of the

MADISON SQUAKK GARDEN COMPANY.

Notice is hereby given that the Annual Meeting of
the Stockholders of the Madison Square Garde
Company will be held on Tuesday’, the elghth day o
May, 1006, at two o'clock . M., at the office of the
Company, Rast 26th st.

The trausfer Books will be closed from Saturday,

April 28, to Weducsday, May 0
JAMES C. YOUNG, Seoretary.
New York, April 11, 1806.

RN ED

HE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE STOOK-
MOLDERS of the Miectrical Testing Laboratories
for the election of directors for the ensuing year,
and for euch other business as may properly come
before the meeting, will be held at the office of the

 

  

 

THE TA

 

Loum

*

 

gormapeny, Sth sjreet and East End avenue, New
roms City, Ney ork, on Tuesday, Mey the 16th,
i , at iL A.M. Transfer books will be closed on

ay 6th at 8 P. M. and reopened Magy 18th at 10 A, M,

WILSON & HOWELL, Secretary,

 

 

THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING AS-
BOCIATION—The annual election of trustees of

this association whl be licld at {ts office, 170 Nassau
st., New York, on Monday, May 2ist, 1906, from
noon ll 12:30 o'clock P. \
FRANKLIN BARTUUTT, Seoretary,
COPARTNEKSHIP NOTICES,
nn A anna ne ann
7 WALL STRUEFT, N.Y
May tet, 1006,
The undersigned have this day formed @ oo-
partncrehip under the firm name of

VAN BEUREN & BUCKNA)

 
      

    
  

   

        
 

 

       
   
       
         
      

Member N. )
CLIFFORD BUCKN
MULFORD) MARTIN, Spectel.

~ EFFINGHAM LAWRENCE & CO.,

Members of New York Stock Exchange,
I NASSAU STREET, N.Y
May Ist, 1908,
We beg to Inform you that Mr. Clifford bucknem
retires from our firm on this date
EFFINGHAM LAWRENCE & CO,
= choi pceirovigrenrvesdemapeeninasecespapamaapeotel
New York, May lst, 1806.
to announce that this day Mr Arnold LL”
as been admitted to partnership in our

PROBST, WETZLAR & CO,

   

Stock Exchange, 'f

       

 

 

   

We be
Soheuer
farm,

      
 
     
 
 
 
 

  

“