eae

EN ee

am ne et net ge

a ee eS

se

 

4<

MALBY WILL NOT ALLOW RECORD-
ING TAX BILL FO COME UP,

te Supporters, Whe Ave in @ Wajertty,
fefme to Atiow @ther Assenmtty Witte
te fe Advanced Telth Gite Wente
Vieta tp to Sdfowrnment Last Sight

Arnave, torthao Nether the supporters
ot the bill imposing « reonrding @8 of
fnvtangee to take the place of the prement
mortgnge tat law nor te opponents If ihe
ferntogeve any cian of ylolilng te mighs.
fenatore eines and Malley, oe a
ing tle roonrding tw bill, any Chat
#ill net consent to the Senate going tite
genera! onlors, to which the bill hwe bese
eofatene|, and Henatore Page ead Gradp,
@he new lending the Haht for the bill, refers
to permit Amombly bille to he acdvanoml

. Peet gonera! orders

Ae king as Senator Reine could heap the
Genate on the third reading he could pre-
vent the general orters calendar from Being
Feached, and at the outastof the eseston 60 -
night he eho wed that eneh wae hie intention,
‘The third reading calerciar must be om
haveted come time; but Senator Raines
(6-night inetructed the Senate olerk to
proceed very slowly, and consequently
there were long roll calle on every btil

It was Mugected to Senator Page that he

the Menate in session until the third
calendar had neon disposed of,
b the votes to preven’ am adjourne
mant Hf it la the policy of bia forces to re-
in aeesion jong enou to reach the
of business ¢ will permit him to
make bis motion to suspend the rules in
order to pass the recording tax bill out of
ite order, But Senator Page was unde-
dided aa to whether or not he would pursue
be) radical course
£ it ie the temper of Senators Raines
and Malby to harass and embarrase Sena-
tor Page for hia attitude was indicated in
the Assembly to-night. The second bill
on the Aasembly calendas was Senator
Page's, taking the power of creating new
election districts in New York city from
the Board of Elections and transferry:g it to
the Board of Aldermen. Assemblyman
Merritt, the representative of Senator
Malby in the lower house, moved to have
the bill laid aside when it was reached

He said bis object in making the motion
was not a bigh one, but he made it because
Senator Page was obstructing Assembly

bille in ‘ne Senate. Assemblyman Bur-
nett, Sevator Raines's white huired boy,
jeined with Assemblyman Merritt in the
motiou.

Asyemblymen Prentice and Wainwright

that euch should not be the ease,
and Mr. Wainwright said that this was a
tdme for the supporters of the recording

x bill to show their strength. But the

mocrate are opposed to the bill and
when Assemblyman Merritt subsequently
withdrew his motion to lay aside and moved
that the bill be recommitted to the Rules
Committee it was carried by a vote of
@ to 47.

In the Senate at Senator Raines's sug-
gestion the Senate bills were first taken
up. It was hoped thateither sidein the Sen-

would vield a point. The up-State
members who represent real rural con-
stituents appealed to the city members to
yield in their deadlock of the business of
he Senate and permit the West

t

bill, which isin general orders, to be brought

up. They argued that the passage of the
‘est bill is important for political reasons

to the Republican party up-State.

were answe
of the recording tax bill that the city mem-
bers cannot go back home without pass-
ing a bill which will wipe the abnoxious
mortgage tax law off the statute books,

and it was just as important for the suc-
cess of the Republican party that this bill
be as the one for the benefit of the |

country members.

This was the situation when the calendar |

was taken up in the Senate to-night, and
as it was proceeded with there were no
evidences of the situation changing in
the least.

It was eaid that Senators Raines and
Malby were taking unwarranted authority
upon themselves in holding up legislation,
Even Senators who are opposed to the re-
cording tax bill feel that those Senators
are going a step too far, that as the Sen-
@:ors in favor of the recording tax bill &re
‘o largely in the majority they should
be permitted to report their bill and pase it,

At 10:80 o'clock Senator Page permitted
the Senate to adjourn, as a number of his
followers requested him to adopt that
course so that they could get @ good night's
rest and be prepared for the struggle for
the remaining days of the session and on
the stipulation that Sey would stand by
him to-morrow until the third reading
ealendar was exhausted.

The Senate
Braokett's anti-pass bill to-night, only
nineteen Senators voting in favor of the
bill to twenty-two in opposition. The bill
prohibited the issuing of passes by railroad
companies to others than employees of a
railroad and their families and employees
of other railroads or shippers of live stook
who had to care for their shipments in
tranait. The bill also provided that the
members of the Lemans should be
supplied with railroa
to bought by the State Comptroller
and issued to members upon their eur-
render of their mileage.

The Senate pases: the Assembly com-
mittee bill calling for publicity in regard
to campaign contributions. Il political
Siteeenice must ren
of how they expended thelr contributions
in exoess of $10. This is © Freunotniee bill
between the Belmont and t
Practices Association oommittes’s bill.

Gov. Higgins to-night sent to the Senate

superintendent of the Hudson River State
Hospital, to be president of the State Com-
mission in Lunacy, to succeed Dr, Williain
Mason, resigned. “The nomination was con-
firmed at once. Dr. Pilgrim stands high
in the medical profession and is regarded
as one of the best alienists in the State.

The Assembly passed the probation bills
prepared by the Probation Commission
appointed last year by Gov. Higgins. Thetr

rovisions have already been printed in

HE §UN.

For several sessions Senator Grady has
been endeavoring to have passed a bill
prohibiting discrimination on the part of
shippers against the Ban of New York.
This year he suoceeded in getting the bill
as far as third reading in the Senate. To-
mae when the bill was reached on that
order he had it stricken from the calendar.
He gatd that in order not to have his mo-
tive misconstrued tn making the motion,
several Senators had sail to him that the
bill would affect the small shippers more
than the large shippers. He said it wae
the large shippers he was after and not-¢the
emall ones, His motion prevailed and
the bill is dead,

The Senate passed the bills of the joint
pamesive highway committee. One of the
bills appropriates $5,000,000 for good roads
to be spent this year under the authority
conferred lust year by the voters to issue
$50,000,000 in bonds for ood roads. The
bills provide the manner in which the bonds
shall be issued and the money expended.

Senator Grady’s bill permitting the de-
pression of the elevated railroad tracks
on Division street, between Catharine and
Allen streets, and on Allen street, between
Division and Canal streets, in New York
city, passed the Senate, This bill is the re-
sult of a compromise between the city au-
thorities and the Manhattan Railway Com-
pany so a8 to permit _ the building of the
approach to the new Manhattan bridge,

nator Lewis's bill, amending the tax
Jaw in relation to the taxation of corpora-
tions, passed.the Senate,

The Senate recommitted to the Railroads
Committee Senator Keenan's bill prohibit-
ing the Long Island Railroad from charg-
ing more than two cents a mile.

 

Supreme Court Adjourns to May 14,

Wasminaton, April 30.—The Supreme
Court to-day adjourned until May 14, when
there will be a brief seesion for the an-
nouncement of decisions. Adjournment
will then be taken until May 28, when the
term will end.

Chief Justice Fuller to-day announced
that no applicatons for writs of certiorari

uld be received for the present term after

wo!
+ May 14

gr reese | say nothing of distinction.

TRE SENATE r A DBADLOCE.|

 

|
|

|

|

by the supporters |

 

refused to pasa Senator | his revolver.

|
|

tickets, which are |

der, @@ accounting |

matter how
bil, you
an goon as ¢
is recorded
on machine.
. ‘ete?
Biiott-Pisher Cormbdined
Billing & Adding Machine.
Just inquire.
Bitiott-Fisher Co.,
Broadway at Worth %

33323
738

cue

EOL LLY

ROHOMOR IN “COUSIN LOUISA™

- ee me

LAST @anr of THE HRAWaTiC
MRASON AT BALY'S.

line of the play, “they'd
callita fares. Butitian’t, It'eatragady!”
To the audience it wae just thet, and it wae
more, It wae the funeral

for it, may be remembered ae an actor
who began ae am infant prodigy, developed
into @ minor roan ectdr, and has

aince had @ varied professional career. |

His play io a typical actor play, full of con-
ventially “effective” situations and parte
(it would be too generous to call them
ob ) conforming to all the rules of
thumb of “sympathy,” “comedy untlerplot”
and “heart Interest,” but lacking the faint-
oat veatige of reality, freshness or humor
Tt was in fact positively, at times ex-
cruciatingly, bad. In the firat act two
couples sat spooning in the dark in the
eatie room to the loud sound of amorous
revelry and osculation, and when the li hte
were awitched on becamne four hearta that
ecreamed as one. That is @ fair meupie
of the fun of the whole and ite prevailing
taste. There was a certain pace in the
acting and a kaleidoscopic variety in the
incidenta that with the aid of the aforesaid
commodities of underplot and heart inter-
eat might give “C Louisa” some suc
cess in rural stock companies; but on Broad-
wey i is impossible.
tena covaeen sorred oo Jowrnmeee to oe
ocal public Miss Ma fan Buren, who
plays the title part. She {a endowed with
considerable good looks, an effective pres-
ence, and a voice of rather unusual qualit
and carrying power. In a@ better play it is
ossible that she might have created a very
avorable impression, alike for buoyant
ood humor and sympathetio emotion.
‘ast night she was hopelessly handicapped.
; pares Cherry, who mpl, oF sreved
nto her support, was simple, sympathetio
and manly as always, ut ith as little avail,
The reat of the company were charac-
teristio of the modern stock company,
adept in the more obvious tricks of the
trade, but quite without Iifelikeness, to
layed ical good fell eels tas
played a cynica’ ellow co part
with a ceriain brigand dash, and Doroth
Revelle played a young maidenly cat wit
uncomp romising cattlahness.

 

Henry Milier tn “Zira.”

Henry Miller appeared last night as the
Rev. Gordon Clavering in “Zira” at the Ma-
jestic Theatre. He will continue to play
the part all this week. Mr, Miller ie one of
the authors of the Play and staged the
original production. e Bey was pre-
sented to a packed house last night and the
company was warmly applauded.

cereneewasnenamnnceniseiee—nctt

LICKED A BURGLAR,

Resident of Colonial Hotel Catches an Em-
pleyee Robbing Hia Room.

William Page, a fireman at the Colonial
Hotel, 61 West Eighty-first street, went
up the rear fire escape last night and got
into the apartment of Frederick P. West
on the second floor, where he had stowed
away about his clothes a silver toilet set,
a gold watoh and fob, a pair of pearl opera

lasves and Mr. West's revolver, when Mr.

“est and his wife, who had been out, re-
turned.

West saw a light in the room, and told
his wife to wait in the corridor while he went
in, At sight of him, Page made for the
window. West didn’t know that Page had
“Stop or I'll shoot,” he called,
eee a motion toward his hip pocket.
Page had apparently forgotten the re-
volver, too, for he came back a etep or two.
Then seeing that West was unarmed, he
turned again to escape.

The men Grappied and Mrs. West alarmed
the house, West had beaten his man
into submission jbefore anybody else got
there, and dragging him to the Vereen}
held him while he called up the clerk.

A polloeman who was summoned found
a very peaceable and much battered
prisoner.

' PILOT DIVED FOR BOY,

wo eeene

 

Stephen Murray of the Steamboat Broux
Saves Little Samuel Sherman.

While playing ball at the foot of Kast

Corrupt | Seventieth street yesterday afternoon Sam~-

| uel Sherman, 6 years old, of 403 East Bixe

the nomination of Dr, Charles F. Pern | Kee eens tumbled in after it.

chased the ball to the edge of
The boy
sank at once, and when he came up the
swift current carried him out into the
stream, »

Pilot Stephen Murray of the Charities
Department boat Bronx, which lay at the
pat, saw the accident from his lbouse.

e took a header from the burricane deok
of his boat and reached the boy just as he
sank for the seound time.

Murray dived and came up holding the
boy with one band and thus encumbered,
had a hard fight to ewim back against the
current, He was exhausted when he
reached the boat, but was hauled out by
the deok hands.

Dr. Baird of the Sresbyterien Hospital
revived the unconscious boy and carried
him to the geet Murray needed the
doctor's care If, but r taking a
stimulant he dried off in the engine room
and went back to duty.

Gustavus Swift Has Narrow Escape From
Death.

Cuaicaco, April 30.—Gustavus Swift of
the packing firm of Swift & Cq. was severe!

pju in an aceident which almost Cost
hirn his life to-day, when the front axle of
his carriage apapped and he was pitched
over his horse's d.. His driver, Charles
Mooney, was aleo thrown from his eeat
and wae injured. The horse wae badly
injured and had to be shot.

 

American eae Co.’s
“Trlangle:A”

INSURES HONEST CIGAR VALUES

 

a
a
a

gr arg amet that ‘we siento ce

re
Mr. Fredertok Paulding who ia reeponaible | the apote, I

\

oN THE SUN LUESDAY, May, 1806.

 

LIVE Terics aAmevT TOWN. |
A Rrookivyn man stood on @ ladder prun-
ing & young shade tree im front of his home |
on af @venue corner, a teighber,
stopping to seratehs @ mateh on the mail

bet on the lamppeet, sennated hime with

‘Dew’! vou knew gow're Heble to arraet
for cutting thet tree?”

"Cinene wot, | plantedt if mryeelt °

Vou, bet vou forfeited all conte! the |
mom V6 you aot it aut if (he atramt, The
ary Department hee all fights over that |
tree pow, and the penalty Ww heavy for

eremebeitinng with: if ~

Well if vou fell on me Pll fell on gon
on @e ate Milita”

Winee’l vow fall on me?”

“Tou eoretehed a mateh on a letter bow, |
‘dor Ragin provides a Pier penalty for hae

“le that an? Well | gues fe one man
wrews all the jaws °

“Potures in weather aren't just my line,”
colt @ well known member of (he Stock
Revhange the other day, “hut I woutdn’t
mind loading modeatiy on July and ~~

lone =dt' we had my weather eve on
ork freate winters and the following

mers for oo wap ne ve

cold @at
leven A
whe w ie
See i eee Even the
fer

 

would never stop '
That was oniy one of

aizeling eurnmere I can recall, and I'll lay
m one that New York will be another
bakeoven this simmer ”

 

"Diplomacy fs the life of eny trade,” sald
a barber In the Wall Street diatrict. “The
people 1 cater tu are the smartest people
in the world because they epend all their
time doing each other and they don't like
to be disturbed |

“tf a man comes fn here and begins to
talk loud 1 don't oall him down or throw
him out,
him:

“Are you @ politician?’

“Why? he saya.

“Because you're euch @ good talker,’
I say, end ten to one he never comes back,
whioh ia just what I want.

“Same way with a fat man that comes in
whistling. say to him:

*'Have you ever been on the stage?’

*'Why?' he asks.

“Because you whiatle so well you might |
be,’ I say, and he gete so mad }
weight.’ |

|

A olub has been recently started in Har-
lem which is called the Subvay Club
The object of this club is to practise the
different movements necessnry for travel |
in the subway express-the stride you
must get on you in crossing the platform
for the ey ress, which doesn't wait; the
‘ewimming effect, the striking out motion
of hands and arms for the purpose of oreat-
ing @ path for yourself; the step lively
motion which necessitates alert elevation |
of the bead and throat and the sharp look. |
oulegee eye; the quick, positive and de-
cid@h* workings of the elbows upon ap-
proaciug the door; the graceftl holding
on to the strap while the train is in motion;
but above all the peculiar and very neces-
sary teetering motion with which one awaits
the stoppage of the oarin order to prevent
utter and ignominious collapse into the in-
furlated laps of the seated passengers.

I use diplomacy, I do. I ay to

he logea

The bair of the manicurist had been a
pretty iren gray. Upon close observa-
tion the customer found it to be a dark
burnt brown, which was not so pretty.

“rl had to do it,” explained the manicurist
sullenly, “You see, we are hair dressers,
too, and we gell a haiw dye that we declare
to be perfectly harmless to the hair. M
customers said to me, ‘If your hair dye is
harmless, why don't you uae it on your owa
hair?’ So there was nothing else for it.
And the worst of it is," she muttered more
aullenly still, “I'm not dead sure the old
atuff is so perfectly harmless.”

CANAL BILL INTRODUCED.

 

fenator Morgan Proposes a Combined Sea
Level and Lock Canal,

|
|
‘ WASHINGTON, April 80.—Senator Morgan
of Alabama to-day introduced a bill author-
izing the President to construct a oanal
combining sea level and locks, The pro-
posed oanal is to extend from the forty foot
contét® in the Bay of Limon, Caribbean
Sea, to the forty foot contour in the Bay of
Panama, through the Panama Canal Zone,

The bill provides for lock construction
through the highlands of Culebra and
Finprador for a dtafance of efght and one-
half miles. The terminal sections of the
canal are to be sea level construction, con-
necting with the lock sections at Obispo
and Mira Flores, It provides for a uniform
depth between the locks of forty feet.

© secure the necessary water supply
for the look section provision is made for a
dam across the Chagres River at Gamboa,
the construction to be in accordange with
the recommendation of the majority of the
board of consulting engineers,

In other reapecta the canal construction
followa the recorgnendationsa of the mas
oritv of the board of consulting engineers,

r. Morgan asked that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Interoceanto Canale.

William Nelson Cromwell, counsel for
the Panama Railroad Company, who was
asked to reappear Thursday before the
Senate Committee on Interoceanic Canals
for examination, has asked that the hear-
be postponed until Monday May 7.
request for postponement w i be con-
sidered by the committee at the meeting
to-morrow.

he committtee will also to-morrow con-
sider the type of canal and may take an in-
formal vote te determine how the members
stand as between a sea level anda lock canal.

ing
The

General Traffic Manager Walker of the
Panama Railroad will be beard at the
meeting.

® OLARKE ON THE RATE BILL.

ee
Arkansas Senator Saye Hepburn Measure
Would Not Satisfy the People.

Wastinaton, April °0.—Senator Clarke
of Arkansas made his maiden apeech in
the Senete to-day on the railroad rate
question, There was unusual interest
among Mr. Clarke's colleagues and his
words were followed closely.

Mr. Clarke said the Hepburn bill if it
became a .aw would not satisfy the people.
It would show that Congress either mis-
underatood the

le'a wishes or was in-
capablé of deallag

with the subject. He
discussed the Bailey amendment to limit
the powers Ry Pe ‘ederal Courts to ius
temporary injunctions suspending orders
of the Interstate Co Commiasion,
made pursuant to the Hepburn bill. He
approved Mr. Bailey's position. He de-
clared that the right to issue temporary
injunctions was not an inherent power,
but that it was a rule of equity practice
repuians by statute.

r. Clarke said he did not favor a court
review feature in the bill. The right to
iven by the Constitution.

review was
not add to or subtract from

Congress coul
thie power.

Bill Aimed at the Standard Oll Co,

Wasurnaton, April 30.-Representative
Campbell of Kansas to-day introduced a
bill to protect legitimate competition by
providing that' any person, firm or oor-
rege engaged in interstate commerce
hat shall intentionally, for the purpose of
destroying competition and creating a
monopoly between sections, communion
or cities, sell to one cheaper than to
another shall be uly of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction punished by fine
of not less than $500 or more than $5,000,
or imprisonment for not less than thirty
days or more than six months. The meas:
ure is aimed at the Standard Oil Company.

 

| meet him. :
| other senior officers of the French

DINNER 10 ADMIRAL CAMPION.

THURLES SEF ON OF ARTERDEER
OF THE WHIT VIRGINIA.

-

fant Plare the ‘“Sareetitates” ted the
ater Gpangiet? Manner’ trend
Meare Seste Prone (te Mtvevetete brite
Reception to Freneh Gavel Givers

fear Admiral
the Untted Statee cruiser divieion of the
“orth Atientio Squmiren, whiete ie in the
Sorth fiver, gave @ dinner aboard hie
flegehip, (he Weat Virginia, inet night to
flear Admiral Campton of (he Freneh Navy,
whe be here with the three Prenet criieere
thet foot part in the Pani Jones ceremonies
flame at the dinner were the Preneh Ad-
miral aned bie etal and the eaptaise of the
three Freneb oruieers; Admiral Brownenn
and hie ofa? and the capteine of the
American ehtpe; Gen, Horace Porter, former
Atwbassador to France; M Aletde Bbray,
the French Coneul-General; Gen, Fred
Grant and Rear Admiral Coghlan, Mayor
Met lating had heon invited, bit wae oti geri
to decline of acewunt of another engage

ment
othe Wane virgin nbn wad aang
iihuminated for the occas an were

hem,
other American . The diners sat

 

(wo countries were

miral to give a dinner to-night
on board his ESF: the cruiser Mar.
eelilaiae,

the dinner was going on gboerd

w

the Went ig for the French
Admiral and his staf the other French
offlcera entertal

were being ned eboard
the other Americaa pe and the ine
of the di that came ting
over the water it enjoyable for the
folke on Ri ve

Drive. woneey was
allowed aboard the ships last night save
the invited guests.

RECEPTION FOR THE ADMIRAL.
Adwiral Campion and the officers of the
French squa attended y after-
noon @ reception given in their honor by
Admiral Coghlan at the navy yard. The
function waa beld in the upper floor of

Building 23.
entire upper floor is a single hn
apartment. In the old dayeit was t

sail loft, but aails are not much employed
on Uncle Sam's vessels nowadays and the
room is mani wees for parties. Two

bande pla: alternately
yard Lear ond that of the Hancook
Admiral and Mrs.

‘oghlan received.
At about half t 4 ene suddenly

the

struck up the “Marselllaise” and all the men
in uniform stood at attention while Admiral
Campion entered the room, side by side
with Admiral Coghlan, whe had gone to
Then followed in a group the

uadron.
A halt was made part way up the room
about the silver punch bow! which the
Kaiser presented to Capt. Hemphill of the

Kearsarge at Kiel three years age. Then,
properly fortified, the French cers ap-
proached the ordeal of talk English to
the ladies. Some su ter than

others, A young and admiring officer
was introduced toa girl who, like him, vould
speak only one language. He made several
leads in French, but it was no use. Finally
he remarked in accents of despair, “Fine
day, yiss,” and relapsed into silence. His
companion after a pause asked him whether
he had been to West Point. With his hand
on hia heart he bowed, gratefully, evi-
dently under the impression that ¢was
receiving a compliment.

“No, no,” said his companion, “West
Point, or the Hudson River, you know.”

“AN ou, oui, we great Hudsonne Rivaire,
zat iss by here”—he motioned expressivel
toward the Erie Basin and Gowanue Canal,
The room was decorated with the navy
yard’a supply of forge Sener. The
sunlight came in through t , and fell upon
the women’s gowns, mostly of pure white
or faintly tinted silke, making these flueh
to Che colors of the bunting. There wae
some dancing, and the eff was striki
as the cou waltmed out of one patc
of color and into another.

Among those present were Gen. and
Mrs. Frederick D. Grant and the General's
staff, Col. Heath, chief of staff; Mrs.
Daniel Butterfield, Gen. Wade, Gen, Horace
Porter, Col, Pullman, Mrs. Clement Beast,
Miss Anna Best, M. Aléide Egy | eens

Consul-General; Gen. James ilson,
Gen. Frederick Pierson, Col. and Mrs.
Anson McCook and Miss McCook, Mr.

and Mrs. Philip Rhinelander, Miss Pauline
Morton, Sir Percy Sanderson British Consul-
General; Mr. and Mrs. Hen Sanger
Snow, Gen. Horatio C. King, Mre. ©. W.
Jungen and Mrs, Edward Hagerman Hall.
TALKS TO THE MAYOR IN FRENCH,

Admiral Campion made a formal oall

esterday on Mayor McClellan. Besices
hts aidea the Admiral was accompanied
by M, Aléide Ebray, the French Conail-
General. The Mayor, who conversed with
Admiral Campion in the French language,
will return the visit to-day.

THANKS TOGEN, HORACE PORTER
For His Patriotic Services in Recovering the
Body of John Paul Jones,

Wasutnoton, April 30,—-A joint resolu-
tion was adopted in the House to-day on
motion by Mr. Olmstead of Pennsylvania,
extending the thanke of the people of the
United States to Gen. Horace Porter, as
follows:

Reavived, That the thanks of the pedple of
the United States are justly due and are
hereby tendered to Gen, .Horace Porter,
lately Ambassador to Franov, for his disin-
terested and patriotic services In conducting,
upon his own initiative and at his own ex-
pense, a series of researches and excavations
extending over a period of six years gnd
resulting in the recovery of the body of Ad-
miral John Paul Jones from a forgotten grave
ina foreign land, and its return to the country
which he had loved so well and #o heroically
served.

Resolved, That Gen. Porter be requested to
furnish Congress a copy of his remarks at the
exercises at Annapolis, April 24, and that
when received they shall be printed in the
Record,

Supporting the joint resolution, Mr.
Bartlett of Georgia characterized Gen.
Porter's address on that occasion as the
“most elegant, chaste and eloquent” within
his knowledge.

DEFICIENCY BILL PASSED.

It Apprepriates BL70,000 te Repair Navy
Yard and Post Office in Gan Francisco.

Wasurroton, April 30.—-The Senate
shortly after it met to-day passed the de-
ficiency bill “reported by Senator Hale
appropriating $100,000 for er ores of
labcrera and mechanics et Mare Island
Navy Yard and $70,000 for the Post Office
Department to meet emergency needs on
account of the earthquake.

The Navy Department to-day authorized
the ex ture of $50,000 during the month
of May in repairs on vessels at the Mare

land navy yard. It is expected that
this work will give employment to many
laborers who are badly in need of money
and with no way to earn it at this time.
For opvera) months all repair work at
Mare Island has been held up on account
of the lack of funds. A few days ago Con-

ress, acting on the President's Neat
or an appropriation of 6300,000, ap
$100,000 for work at Mare Iel
comes under the Bureau of Steam Engi-
neering, and will be epent on the ':ansports
Buffalo and Solace, the cruiser New Orleans,
ee gunboats Yorktown, Annapolis, Vioks-
urg ani
Relief, the monitor Wyoming
sets of machipery and for launches
at Cavite, P. I., already authorized.

Secretary Bonaparte Not Serlousy fll,

Wasxtnoton, April 80.—Wetd has been

received here from Baltimore that Secre-

tary of the wavy J parte is not seriously
e

il), and will be gut in a few days,
unless there Rs ier the worm,

 

 

Reewnen, commanding —

 

ProRi the |

oraine PUT er Te merenets.
Winers’ Weteqaion tates
tnten

 

tratrmetent
© sdviece

Wreaeeesnne, Aprit o —Nearly alt
delegates whe are to represent the mine
workers at the Meranton convention

Thuretey were elected feday. The ma
fey be

en prem purprae of advocating the accept
anew of the operators’ preporition and re
crming work have heen elected, bit there
are not many, and howd President Mitchell
favor @ strike their opponttion will be rand.
lly awerriddes

The operate re here are awaiting with
much interest the effort of the operators
in the Clawefield dintriot to reeume werkt,
the atfempte being mace at some of the
collierion there to-day

‘The

8:

ow new they ©
ter if a atrike lao
o been persistent rumere

among the that before ¢
9 2 strive "Presi dnt“Hawee vel will t
on wae which will bring the

fa and the operators together.

has been, however, no rent foundation
for these remerke, nnd President Mitchell
ra oF he had no knowledge that
Y velt wae going Ww take

,

a Par the present situation
+. Mitotiell alan declared that there were
no new developments,

Sen , April #,—The
of the" lackawanna reigon, ¥
are more anthracite mines Working than
in oe ee wae maintained ‘to-day,
with the exception of slight disturbances
of little moment

3
33
is
ist;
He

i:

i

The United Mine Workers’ officials were |

kept very busy arranging for the con-
ventien which will convene bere Wednes-
day afternoon. John Mitche! sent word
to President Nicholle that he will transfer
hie headquarters here early to-morrow
morning.

Several of the operaturs professed to
believe thie evening that it would be pos-
sible to still avoid a etrike without sur-
rendering anythiag to the miners, but

are now in a hopeless minority and |

they
the people of the community regretfully
believe there will be a strike.

The officials of the United Mine Workers,
as well ae some of the o tors thouglit
that to-day there would be a falling off in th:
number of non-union men reporting fr
work, but in this city they were mistake...
The Lackawanna
for work from old men than
and the Erie, Scranton Coal Company aad
Delaware and Hudson compenies rep tced

as many men at work as there have Leen at |

any time since the suspension was declared.
A canvass has been made of these men to
see if they will obey a strike order from
Mitchell, and almost to a man they de-
clared that they will not.

Much speculation has been caused durin
the last few days by the fact that several o
the better informed operators have been
saying: “Take my word for it, there will
be no strike. - Something is
pen before Thureday that will change the
entire complexion of affaires.” Asked if
that meant that the operators were to
grant concessions the officials referred to
said: “No, it will all end in a complete sur-
render by the miners.”

President Nicholls of District No, 1 was
asked this afternoon if he bad any idea
what such statements emanating from

Peratora meant, and he anawered “Not in
the least.” It appeara that this was the
firat time that his attention had been called
to such etatements, and he affected great
surprise.

e coal companies are now makin
final arrangements for operating their col-
lieries. A party of Lackawanna officials,
including Vice-President E. E. mis,
visited the combany # mining property
erng te Bloom division this morning.
Col, Phillips of the Coal Mining. Depart-
ment, Chief Special Agent Adamson, in
oharge of the detective foroe of the com-
pany; Superintendent of Washeries Fred
Smith, General Superintendent Clarke and
Division Superintendent Rine were in the

party.

The Erie, Delaware & Hudson, Ontario
& Western and other companies have D
hiring detectives and building stockades

‘ound more applicatious |
‘or weeks, |

olng to hap- |

mY) eer s
|

    
 
 

=

    

since the beginning of the suspension. In
many of them strike breakers are already
installed.

Deiaware & Hudson foremen ere going
among the men in the upper part of the
valley asking them if they intend to work

| im cso a etrike ie declared, and are inform- |
‘ag them that all who refuse will be laid off |

indefinitely. All the men who are working
| and will work are paid a flat rate of $2a day.

 

BAER EXPECTED HERE TO-DAY.

| Coal Dealers Belleve That a Strike Witt)

to have a talk with the presidents of the | only benefits Catalonian industries.

Surely Be Deciared.
President Baer of the Jersey Central
Railroad is expected in this city to-day

| other coal roads on the anthracite situation.
| It could not be learned yesterday whether
| the operators will issue a formal statement
| in reply to Mitchell's interview in which
| he says that the freight rates of the com-
| panies are exorbitant and suggeste that
| the advance demanded be taken off the

was learned, will be done by the operators
| until the result of the convention of the
| anthracite mine workers in Scranton on
! 'Thuraday is known.
The belief am: most of the coa! dealers
in this city yesterday was that no matter
| what negotiations may take place a strik
| will ultimately be officially declared. This
view was sha by others as the demand
| for small steam sizes increased and prices
|

went up.
The refusal of the soft coal operator in
Clearfield, Pa., to grant the demands of

their miners for the check off system does
not mean necessarily that there may be
no settlement in Clearfield, according to soft
coal operators who were seen yesterday.

If Mitchell decides to accept the terms
of the anthracite operators Shey say &
settlement will likely take place in Clea.~
field, as the suspension of work still con-
tinues there and the supply of soft coal for
the New York marketa, which has always
come from Clearfield, is coming from Wert
Virginia, where the operators have been
trying for some time to get a foothold in
the New York market. A. H. Wittenber
of the Acme Coal Company of Clearfield
said yesterday that the check off system
is the great stronghold of the union,

 

 

 

 

 

|
|

freight rates. Nothing very definite, it |

 

a,

~~ Gray the.Present Season's Col cr. |
Fon dind od ot ny

all over.
scheme -of ‘he seacon

dreveed erat, have mad

f
\ y

im ele ane double

wah deep ode or comer

Announcement

Our Art Galleries are now located at
| 415 Fifth Avenue

between 37th and 38th Streets

| William Schaus |

   

ORSECT TO SPANISH GTAREFE.
Britain, Germany and France Not Willing
te Make Commeretal Treaties.
Spectal Cable Despaten ta Tae Sus

Maprip, April 90.--Great Britain, Ger-
many, Franos and other Powers have noti-
fied Spain that they view the ultra-pro-
teotionist character of the Spanish tariff,
which becomes operative on July 1, a al-
most precluding the negotiation of the de-
sired commercial treaties.

The Chamber of Commerce has protested
to the Government against the tariff, 4
claring that the appraising committee matie
important mistakes, and that the tariff

 

MARQUETTE LEAGUE MEETING.

Reperts to Be Made of Miss Drexel's @atho
ile Mission Work Among the Indians.
The Marquette League of this city, whioh
was formed two years ago to cooperate
with Miss Drexel of Philadelphia (Mother
Katherine in religion) in her work for the
Catholic Indian missions in the far West,

| will have its second annual meeting at the

Catholic Club this evening at & o'clock.
Reports of the work will be made and
speeches are expected from Archbishop
Farley, Chairman Sherman cf the House
Committee on Indian Affaira, and others.

Delegates from pranenee in Washington;
Baltimore, Philadelphia and Worcester,
Masa., will be present. The meeting will be
open to the public.

TO COMMAND FOURTEENTH.

fAeut.-Col, Foote te Be Flected Col,
Kline's Successor.

Brig.-Gen. James M. Lees has issued an
order for the election next Monday night
of a colonel of the Fourteenth Regiment
in Brooklyn, to succeed Col, Adolph L.
Kline, who resigned several months ago.
There is no doubt of the election of Lieut.-
Col. John H. Foote, who has been in com-
mand since Col. Kline's retirement. He
has been connected with the regiment since
January, 1885.

 

 

THE PROFESSOR SAID
About Coffee

(A certain Professor in a Chicago University in a recent talk to students)

THINK THEY WILL QUIT?

Yes, many of them
stomach trouble, weak eyes,
Coffee they quit.

THEN THEY! TAKE ON

“We talk of drunkenness as a crime,” he continued, “but tea and colfes
drinking at meals is more injurious than ftquor to some men.”
Tea and coffee drinking, Prof. ——— told his class, “is responsible for
much of the restlessness of the American nation.”

Postum
Food Coffee

Because it furnishes
the Coffee flavor, charming color

and all the pleasure of Coffee drinking
and does not destroy stomach and nerves

but makes for the sure rebuilding

of the entire body on healthful, sturdy lines.

HARD TO LEARN

Takes Hard Experience to Teach People
Some Facts.

 

Many people jeer at the idea that cof-
fee causes the aches and ails they suffer
from and often such people will go on
for years sticking steadfastly to the cof-
fee and suffering month in and month
out but maintaining “Coffee don't hurt
me.”

Only an actual test will open their
eyes to what they throw away when they
cast aside the richness and power of
health for a cup of coffee now and then,
A lady eays:

“1 did not learn the real truth until I
made the change, but I oan now posi-
tively state that the headaches I had for
about seventeen years were caused by
drinking coffee, for when I changed and
gave up coffee and used Postim in its
place I experienced entire relief; I have
not been troubled with headache since |
began Postum in 1806,

“This in brief has been my experience
on the coffee question, Among my
friends I have seen many other wonder-
ful instances of the power of this food
drink when used in place of the drug
drink coffee. Among my friends there
are those who tell me of relief from
kidney trouble, neuralgia and eozema
by leaving off coffee and using Postum

| place,

mB ROR EE

know that with good health they can “do things” in this world, so when they find
bad blood and muddy skin, or any of the many inciptent

stens of disease set up by

There’s a Reason

and I have even known it to relieve
rheumatic pains in limbs,

“I readily believe these statements, for
since I cut out coffee and used Postum I
never seem to have an acho or pain and [
would not dare go back to the old coffee
again. Not only myself but my family
use Portum exclusively and we know
there ia no hot beverege that can take i's
Nearly seven years steady use of

| Postum convinces me I know what I am

talking about when I say it is food as
well ax drink and most valuable to build
up thesystem,” Name given by Postum
Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
“There's a reason.”
look for the little book,
Wellvilie,” in plus

“The Road to