te

 

\
5
%
i

ej PETE pa

omen

retell

 

» ) ruary, 1004.

*

   

 

 
   

SN

 

aaAviTranic’ wowT KEEP Ben

QUICK RELEASEOF PAGE'S WIFE

—

REPP RPO RIACKETS B90.
Fes Acts of Merplaltty t.and Men and
" Reice Mande for Triat

7 ame PFrene® walle .,

AND SENDS BACK HIS CHEOM. | art that'e tere To got into Crowle,” mite
| Miricion William Ren gh of the United States

Hactora There Find aw Fifdence of Grae
or Atootet Matte (a Wine Meantnere
in Conmey Certifies! Sow Ghe Wht Try

'
|

| ahip Mary laswt,

How di 10 happen?’ aakert Magistrate
Poo\, whe waeon the heneh of the Jefferson

hed Get feck iter Sarsing Maty. | Marker aren
Rew Wee fet @ prisoner. He ene in
a] fon France Page, @tfe of Henry | avagt aa cvinplairvan ager!
WiaA hie hnen importer of (himetty whe | dohe &. Berke aa tle wife, Alnvira, of ii
fae comrotied (oS Sovleur« eenttaghanr | Wee F areet, When he told
at Inwend tori) dion Che capsifiente , tie ser the @ere helt in 61,008 bel
of ree Febeurd Livingston Mone and Pye | aeet for total.
Ofte Peter nod the afftcde ee o@ fer hee "| one my shore ahinedt on Sun
hand, Woo releveed yooterday tm charge of | day at the onrner of Twenty
her friend, Mee Willan BF of | ninth street and Sheth avenue.” aeld Keogh,
968 Went Sinety-avve root, Mew Page's | ‘when f aew come Preach anilors conning
counes|. 6 MK. Oteote, had applied for | along, There were aeven of eight of them
& writ of Jahene corpus, backing 1 with | and they were all loadet. Tf knew they
many affidevite thet Mee Page wae not, ) newted looking after and, as we are all of a
6 her hietand alleged and the two deetort | Sint of a reeption committer for them,
declared, an “hwhitual drunkard and ad- | tf took them in tow. f got them into two
ieded to the nee of deve The affica vita, ¢ m see oF Ss Cpe to See cenaee as
PaPliehed in twee SUN / Someday, were say f s ,
taken before Justicn Newhurger, who [eu knoe the French men-of-war are

@fanted » writ calling for ira, Page's pro-
duction ine y morning. dohn
B. Pine, attorney
letter.to Mra. Leonard, wrote that Mre
Page “waa not a mitahia mibject for the
ere of the inetitution,’ and that the au-
thorities had decided “not to contest the
writ that has been feed *

The Mother Superior of the eanftarfum
told Mra, Leonard that it became apparent
after Mra. Page had been in the Inetitution
only a few days that she waa not, and ap-
parently never had been, @ user of liquor
er drugs. The physicians of the ineti-
tution, Mra. Leonard said, found that she

vt yeateriin

was merely suffering fromm nervous strain.
She did not ask for liquor or drugs at any
time in the nine days she was there, Mr

Page had sent a check to the eanitarium
for the maintenance of Mra. Page for one
month and the check was returned to him.

It was announced by Henry W. Unger,
counsel for Mr. Page when the habeas
corpus case came up before Justice New-
burger yesterday, that there was a prospect
of settlement. If this is so, Mr. Olcott,
Mrs. Page and her friend, Mra, Leonard,
know nothing about it. After Mr, Unger
made this announcement word came to
the Justice that Mrs. Page had been re-
leased after the doctors of the sanitarium,
at the request of the directors, had made
a thorough examination on Sunday and
reported that they could find nothing in
her mental! or physica! condition to justify
a charge of habitual alcoholism.

Ex-Judge Oleott said that Dra. Hunt
and Peterson, who are examiners in lunacy,
bad never seen Mrs. Page before they ex-
amined her, and knew practically nothing
of her married life or of its infelicities,
At the time of the examination Mrs. Page
was suffering from the effeets of ill-t.eat-
ment and humiliation at the hands of her
husband, and was very nervous, She was
also nursing her sixteen-months-old baby.
The examination made her still more ner-
vous. She is 30 years old, of sensitive
temperament and has three children. The
eldest, a boy of 8, is in England, and the
others, a boy of 4 and the baby, are in the

ssion of
after he had had the mother committed. Her
friends eay it is marvelous that she was not
made a fit subject for the sanitarium by
her recent experiences.

Ex-Judge Olcott said yesterday that he
believed examiners in lunacy had altogether
too much latitude. Justice Levintritt, who
issued the order committing Mrs. Pa
Mr Olcott said, was not to blame.
statute permits a Sorte ie justice to dis-

nse with a hearing if he is satisfied

e affidavits that it is unnecessary.
affidavits were strong and said: thes

}

 

the father, who took them |

Page was in no condition to be served with |

ately, Mrs. Page had

legal papers. Fort
nown all about her

lends who have
marital troubles, and they got the ra
machinery working through Mr. Olcott, who
is also one of her friends.

The result of the incarceration of Mrs.
Page will be a suit for separation and the
custody of the children on the ground of
crue! und inbuman treatment. One of the
instances of this treatment will be the at-
tempt of Mr. Page to put his wife in the
eanitarium. Mr. Olcott said that .the
whereabouts of the younger children were
unknown to himself or Mrs. page but that
they hoped to get on the trail o them in a

ww days,

Dr. Hunt refused to say anything vester-
day about his certificate and Dr. Peterson
was out of town.

WANTED HOTEL MAN TOWED HER

 

“Case Against Merrificld” Brings In Henry
W. Taft as a Witness.

A breach of promise suit, in which Mark
E. Merrifield, proprietor of the Continental
Hotel at Broadway and Twentieth street,
figures as defendant, will come up for trial
within a few days in the Supreme Court,
The plaintiff is Lucy A. Case, who wants
$50,000 damages for the alleged broken troth,

Henry W. Taft is to be examined 4s a
witness in the suit, but beeause of his im-
portant engagements in Chicago and else-
where during the coming fortnight his
testimony will be taken before William L,
Turner as referee. Mr. Taft is the brother
of the Secretary of War. Hoe is @ lawyer,
and it is said that Miss Case disonased her
suit with him and made certain admissions
which Mr. Merrifield's oounsel, Nigoll,
Anable & Lindsay, would like to have be-
fore the jury.

Miss Case's counsel, Penteoost & Camp-
bell, opposed the application for Mr. Taft's
examination, but Justice Scott granted it.
Mr. Campbell declined yesterday to discuss
the suit at all. He would not reveal the
address or identity of his client.

It is known, however, that Miss Case
alleges that Merrifield promised to marry
her as soon as his father should die, That
promise was given, as she alleges some
years ago, and the elder Merrifield, who was
president of the Hotel Men's Association,

about two years and a halfago. Miss
‘s suit has been pending sinee Feb-
There have been several post-
nements of the trial ROCaUas of. Mr,
errifield’s ae condition, e is said
to be suffering from nervous ex
He succeeded to the proprietorship-of the
Continental when his father died,

"Mr. Merrifield is said to be about 40

old, and Miss Case a few years his junior,

SUICIDE AFTER FIRST REBUKE,

on.

 

Mrs. Johannsen Put Her Head on a Pillow
in the Oven and Turned On Gas,
Because she could not stand the first harsh
words her husband had éver used toward
her in nine years of married life, Mrs, Anna
Johannsen of 108 Weat Ninety-third atreet

killed herself some time on Sunday even-

ing by placing her head on a pillow in the
even of a gas stove and turning on the gas.
Coroner Harburger learned that Mrs.
Johnnsen remained in bed all day Sunday,
Her husband chided her for her indolence
and finatly went away angry. At 5 o'clook
the maid left the house, ra. Johannsen
was still in bed. Mrs. Johannsen's body
was found late in the evening by William
Wellman, the janitor. He smell
went to the Johannsen apartments an
was himself overcome by gas. He was saved
from asphyxiation by two tenants. They
crawled up a fire escape and dragged him
out of the flat. Mrs. Johannsen was kneel-
ing before the stove, with her head in the
oven, dead.
Johannsen, who has a grocery stere at
ase Columbus avenue, did not go home
until 12:30 A.M. At first he took his wife's
death coolly,then he broke down and told
the Coroner he had chided his wife. He
said it was Lhe first time he had ever apoken

harahly to her. Mrs. Johannser's father is
G, W. Peerert, a real estate dealer of 41
West. Ninoty-fourth street, He owne the
big apariment house in which his daughter
lived, :

-_ RE Fo Re oF Tee >
‘ ’ ‘

|

“That's fine; very commendable,” inter.
rupted the Court “I'm got

defendant?”

“Well, your Honor, I had forgenen to

y for my ahine. f went Back to pay for
t and IT met thie man, Burke, there. He
told me he'd seen what 'd done and we had
a drink on it. Then [ went to his house
for supper. We had some more stuff gent
in, and [ gave a $20 gold plece for it. ra.

Burke kept the change, and ¢ t
wouldn't

they had me eo mixed up that

know anyt more about it.”
Detectives Roy and McGee of the West

Thirtlet a street police station, who arrested

the Burkes, corroborated parts of Keogh's

testimony.

“That's enough,” sald the Court. ‘I
know you can't explain, . Burke and
Mrs. Burke, and I don't want you to. I'm

going to hold you to the limit.

oe

QURER POLICE EVIDENCE.

Some One Shot at Feeney; Wife Acoused;
Man Whe Weakin’t Tell Has Black Eye,

Thomas Feeney, a bartender at 104th
etreet and Columbus avenue, his wife, Ruth,
who lives with him at 72 West 102d street,
and John H. Fisher, who tends bar with
Feeney, were arraigned in the West Side
court yesterday morning by Policeman
Coyle of the West 100th atreet station house,
because some one had fired three shots at
Feeney. Mrs. Feeney was charged with
doing it when arrested, but the masterly
way in which Coyle presented his évidence
caused Magistrate Moss to discharge all
the prisoners.

“It appears to me that the policeman
in this case is keeping back the evidence,”
said the Magistrate. “This woman should

be held on some charge or other but_it is
for me to entertain one on the
statementa of the officer. I ought to send

 

 

| a copy of the testimony to Headquarters.”

When the Magistrate called the case
Coyle arrainged Feeney and his wife, but
said nothing about Fisher, who had been
arrested use he wouldn't tell what
he knew about the shooting. Coyle said
that he was two blocks pray when he
heard the shote fired and that the revolver
lay at the woman's feet when he got to the
scene. When one of the court clerks told
the iatrate that Fisher was also a pris-
oner the latter was arraigned, and the
Court said to Coyle:

“Why didn’t you tell me of this arrest?”

“I didn’t know about it,” replied Coyle.

“Why were you arrested and how did you

e | get your black eye?” asked the Court of the
Prepeer. ( j
{ “Policeman Eckhoff struck me without

and then arrested me,” replied Fisher.
- Boag. aad res questioned he eaid that
le ro) to arrest Fisher.

Then the Magistrate asked Coyle about
{t but the latter muttered some unintelli-

ible: reply, which caused the Court to

ischarge the prisoners in disgust.

LIGHTNING CAUSES DAMAGE,

Big Dairy and Two Barns Struck and Con.
eumed With Five Horses and 35 Cows,

Hoosick Fats, N. Y., April 89.—The
most destructive storm this season struck
eastern New York and southern Vermont
soon after midnight last night, and lasted
until daybreak. Thunder crashed for sev-

eral houre and lightning acoompanied.
Throughout, this section come reports of
firea cauéed by buildings having been
struck by Hghtning. Just before 8 o'clook
the dairy located near Petersburg was
struck and was quickly consumed with most
of its contents, which included shiny cows,
The Property was owned by F. E. Rosen-
berg an own as Grogan Dairy.

Later in the morning the barn of George
Van Buren of East Greenbush was burned,
having been hit by li btnlng. The big barn
and wagon house of the Mammoth Spring
Company, located near West Sand Lake on
the Albany turnpike, was burned to the
ground, Five horses, five cowa and one

ung bull were burned to death. Twenty

ons of straw and hay, wagons, harnesses,
&o., were consumed. In none of these
places was there any fire protection, so that
all efforte were directed toward saving ad-
joining propery.

In severa! districta throughout the county
streams were forced over their banks and
nmouch damage caused from floods. Iow-
lands south of Hoosick Falls were com-

ely submerged and railroad tracks were
ered. Several washouts are reported
g line of the Boston and Maine Rail-

 

 

 

 

ASKED QUEER QUESTIONS.

Govérnment Puzzles Candidates for Fire
men’s Places Were Asked to Solve.
Supreme Court Justice Maddox in Brook-
lyn yesterday deni the application of
Charles Koenig and fifteen others for per-
emptory Write of mandamus against the
Municipal Civil Service Commission order-
ing their names placed on the eligible list
for appointment in the Fire Department.
They were members of the Richmond
county volunteer fire department and
passed:the physical examination, but fatled
on thé mental examination. They alleged
that the mental examination had to do

with matters enfifely foreign to the work
of firemen. In denying t application
Justice dox said:

“Some of the questions propounded have
nothing whatever to do with the duties of
a fireman and are of @ character to create a
doubt as whether the scheme for the
appointment for fitness and merit is being
Due, to a fair test. What has a fireman to
do with the quiies of a County Clerk or a
Corporation Counsel, or the difference be-
tween & and a petit jury, or what
majority in t Legiaevite is neccery
to pase a law over t yor'sa veto?
cannot conceive that—and doubt if—the
members of the Civil Service Commission
were aware of the questions. The Fire
Commissioner should have been. But the
court cannot here review the acta of that
commission ‘in framing be conditions.
That question is not ore the court.
Motion denied. No costs.”

CAME BACK AFTER 19 YEARS,

Campbell's Children Didn’t Know Him and
His Wife Wouldn't Receive Him.

BuoomrizLtp, N. J.,; April 80.—Pierce
Campbell, a plumber who has been away
from his home in Passaic avenue for nine-
teen years and who had been given up as
dead, made his appearance at his old home
this morning. None of his children knew
him. His wife refused to take him back
and Campbell went away never @ return,
he said.

Campbell is now in the navy, where he
has been for over six years. He was one
of the men injured by an explosion on the
battleship Massachusetts several years ago.
He was one of the organizers of the fire
department here.

é

 

by ag oe Tiny Me NF Ue
"v nitart » ' mm here to atten
eer” cre ae oe | parcioe "ine Ghat hea that todo ab these

' B SUN,

— a

ITULENS «844% DOAN’ AFEWA
CORR VER MEH,

eee

Street Cleaging trvestiqatiion Pleye fo
firee Wen and Tea Women tn the
Cattery Prinetpal Veatare of tt te
Ware ane’ e@ Harare. Power Forge tter)

IVINS TRUNDERS AT MARRONE |
|

tnother aeacion of the “lnwestigation”
inte the methiedte of the Street Clnging
Department, whieh Wille M. lvimwe te |
conducting at the Clty Mall before @ com
mittens of Aldermen, waa held yeaterday
There were three men and feo women in
the gallery

Not a ecrap of temimony wae brought out |

concerning (he acdminiet ration of the Street
(leaning Department, with the i
of « report made by a@ asonuntant | |
hy the committee on the oat of the work
in Brooklyn, This report went to show

| that the cout of carting and final iaposition

ee aia a

 

wae greater in 1006 than it waa in i008. My
Hand, counsel for Comimtesioner Wood. |
bury, eaid that i¢ wae full of inacouracies,
and he got permiasion to submit « written

reply

The rest of the seaston wae taken up
mainly with the testimony of Joseph Mar-
rons, who haa the privilege of trimming the
city dumps. As Dr. Woodbury haa test*-
fled, and as Marrone himee.! testified - |
terday, the city does not pay him, he |
pays the city. He has an agreement with |
the department by which he peye $1,200 a
week for the privilege of picking and trim-
ming the dumps. This is reduced to some-
thing like $700 by the rebate which le allowed
him for the refuse used for stoking the boil-
$ of the municipal electrio light plant at

© foot of Delancey street.

Much time was Govoted’ yosterde to in-
quiring into the personal affairs of Marrone |
asa sort of examination in supplementary
proceedings.

“Didn't you go broke at the Guttenburg
racetrack back in the '80’s?” asked J. H.
Cohen, Mr. Ivins's assistant.

“I did,” was the anawer. |

“Why don't you pay the judgments that
Mad) ronece'y against you?"

x use I haven't got the money.”

“How much money have you in your

ket now?"

“About $12.”

“pone that belong to you?®

“Ves.”

es.

“Do you own the diamond rings and dia-
mone horseshoe pin that you are now wear-

$No, they belong to Mary Brown.” Mrs.
Brown is Marrone’s sister-in-law and all
his business is done in her name.

“Do you know Sheriff Hayes?”

“I do,” was the answer.

“Did you ever take any money to him?”

“No; why should 1?”

Alderman Dowling, a minority member
of the committee, then took the witness
in hand.

“I notice,” gaid he, “that Mr. Hayes's
name has been brought into this matter.
Have you ever had any business trans-
actions of any kind with him?”

“I have not,” replied the witness em-
phatically, and Mr. Cohen asked no more
questions on that soore.

The childlike forgetfulness of Marrone
about his business affairs caused Mr. Ivins
to do some thundering and lightning.

“Do you know te Renney or perjury?*
Mr. Ivins asked, finally.

“IT do not."

“Well, you will find it out,* eaid Mr. Ivins.

“All right,” replied the witness placidly.
At the conclusion of the hearing the chair-
man of the committee announced that a
transcript of the testimony would be sent
to the District Attorney. The “investiga-
et on go on tmorrow morning at 10:30
o'clock.

a oe
MURDER OF MISSIONARIES.

Martst Brother Tells How Six of His Co»
workers Were Kilied in China.

The newspapers have reported the mas-
sacre of six Catholic missionaries in Nan-
tohang, China, on February 25. The fol-
lowing is @ letter written from the scene
of the murder by a Marist Brother to the
Society for the Propagation of the Faith,
427 Lexington avenue, relating the circum-

stances of this tragedy:

“Bishop Ferrant, Vicar Apostolic of
Kiang-Si, had been endeavoring for some
time to obtain from the Chinese authori-
tles the punishment of the murderers of
some of his Christians, The Mandarin
was willing, so grant a
pensation, but nothing else. The vice-
prefect of Nanetchang was of the eame mind
and refused to punis

“On the 22d of February this Mandarin
called at the mission at meal time. It
was not the first occasion he had invited
himself to Father Lacruche's table. Dur-
ing the dinner the discussion was resumed
the official insisting that the diffioulty could
be settled for a cas
Lacruche refused, declaring that the bishop,
as well as himself, desired nothing else
but the punishment of the criminals.

“The meal over, the Mandarin retired

|
|
|

cunlary com-

the guilty ones.

consideration, Father

to another reom aud attempted to cut
his throat, After the firat care given
to the wounded man the pine ran in
haste to the Governor to inform him of
the event.

“This had happened on Thureday,
occurred on Friday and Saturday I do
not know, but on Sunday morning the
mission and the schoo] were set on fire, and
Father Lacrucke and five Marist Brothers
were killed by an infuriated mob.

“Fathers Salavert, Martin and Rossignol,
with the five nuns of the school, made
their escape to Kiou-Kiang, but Father
Salavert, exhausted by emotion and fright,
died on reaching that city.

“The Chinese press was @oon filled with
the most odious calumnies against the
fathers. Father Lacruche was denounced
as the murderer of the Mandarin, and the
natives, who do not need such incentives,
were exhorted to kill all those ‘savage mia-
aionaries.’ To-day, the truth beginning to
be known, the press has changed ita tone.

“The city is quiet and rather scared, for
two French men-of-war are in the vicinity,
and reparation may be soon demanded,

“It is said that the Mandarin is not dead,
and that his wound is not even a serious

What
one.”
WOULD-BE COURT ATTENDANT

Men Whe Want Jobe Out Against 6112,000
Worth of New Policemen.

Twenty-five members of the Court At-
tendanta’ List Association, composed of
men whose names are on the civil service
list for appointment as court attendants,
headed by the president, Matthew Horgan,
went to the meeting of the Board of City
Magistrates yesterday afternoon. They
asked that the $112,000 recently voted to
Police Commissioner Bingham 4 the Board
of Estimate, with the support of the Board
of Magistrates, to hire 189 policemen to
take the place of those detailed to the
courts, be used in hiring civilian attend-
ants in the magistrates’ courts instead.

There were not enough members present
to constitute a quorum, so the court attend.
ant aspirants were invited to put in ir
protest at the next monthly meeting. The
magistrates have already decided that they
prefer police attendants in the courts.

MADE DESPERATE BY GOSSIPS,

Mra. Ortowltz, Who Jumped Before Train,
Thought Husband Had Another Wife.

Mrs. Annie Ortowitz, who jumped ifn
front of a Seoond avenue elevated train
on Sunday, begged Magistrate Baker in
the Yorkville police court yesterday to
let her go home to enjoy her new found
bappinges. She explained that she had been
made desperate by hearing some pore!
that made her think her husband ha
another wife living. The two have been
married only nine months, The police had
made an investigation and assured her
that her husband had no other wife,

“Let me take her home, Judge, and I'l
be good to her. She's the only woman
love,” the husband put in.

The Magistrate discharged her,

8

Tuesday, May 1st.

 

Special Sale of
Silk Petticoats

and Lingerie Waists.

 

Special Offering of

Silk Petticoats

at Manufacturer's Prices,
in Gray Pongee, plain and embroidered;
in Taffeta (best quality) in a great variety of
styles in Black, Colored, White, and Black and

White; 47, 39,°42-inch, from

$3.75 to $15.00.

 

Lingerie Waists.

A variety of styles of waists in Fine Batiste or
lawn, trimmed with lace or embroidery, at

$2.50, $3.75, $4.95, 5-75»

(much below regular value.)

 

Lord & Taylor,

Broadway and Twentieth St., Fifth Ave., Nineteenth St.

 
   

HELD FOR BABY FARMING.

Man Who Was Carrying a Dead Child to a
Hospital Gets in Troablie.

Through the death of a four-months-old
child, which Charles Muller, who lives at
286 Howard avenue, Brooklyn, was carrying
to the Bushwick Hospital for medical treat-
ment early yesterday morning, the exist-
ence of an alleged baby farm in Muller's
home was discovered by the polios of the
Ralph avenus station, The child belonged
to Mamie Denigre, a domestio in the em-
ploy of a physician on McDonough street.

ne child was given into the care of
Muller's wife. ey moved into the
Howard avenue dwelling only recently.
When Muller reached the hospital with
the child the physicians discovered that
the infant was dead and they immediately
notified the police,

Policeman Plant was sent out to {n-
vestigate. When he reached Muller's house
Muller's wife informed him that another
infant, 3 months old, whose mother is a
Mrs. Murphy, also a domestio in a physi-
cian’s home, had died a short while before.
A third child, belonging to a seventeen-
year-old girl, was very ill and was later
removed to the Convent of Mercy in
Brooklyn.

Muller was arrested and held at the
Race avenue police station under section 2&9
of the Penal Code, which makes it a crime
rson to board children under

 

for any

| the age of 12 years, not their own relatives,

without a permit. .Muller was arraigned
later in the Gates avenue police court
and held for a hearing to-morrow, Sum-
monses against Mrs. Muller and the mothers
of the three infants were also issued,

PILOTS RESIST NEW RULES.

Ask Courts to Say That Port Wardens Have
Gone Beyond Thar Powers.

The new pilot regulations for Hell Gate,
put into effect on April 9 by the Board of
Port Wardens, are not altogether approved
by the Sound pilots, and one of them,
Ieaao N. Stillwell, has obtained from Su-
preme Court Justice Scott a writ of certio-
rari for the review of the regulations.

Pilot St’':well says that behind the change
in the regulations is an attempt to change
the whole Hell Gate system of pilotage.
Under the new rules there is to be only one
piss boat, of twenty-five tons net, at the

ell Gate pilot station, while under the
former rules, authorized by the act of 1882,
there have been two or more boats of twenty
tons net, The new boat is to be known as
the atation boat.

Stillwell also takes exo@ption to the new
rule that the inside station is to be fixed
at City Island and the outside etation at
a three mile radius from Exeoution Rock.
The new rules also increase the penalites
that pilote may inour.

The change in the rules, Stillwell says,
is illegal and unconstitutional, as inter-
fering with his meane of livelihood as a

jlot and aa in violation of previously ex-
sting laws which have not been repealed
or amended,

Justice Scott examined Stillwell’s papers
and remarked in granting the writ that
there seemed to be some dought as to whether
the proposed regulations do not go too far
or at least beyond the authority vested
in the Board of Port Wardens by law.

MRS. DU MONT PAROLED.

Policeman by Her Bed Kept Woman Who
Took Poison in Hysterical Condition.

At the request of relatives of Mrs. Ivon
du Mont, who swallowed poison accident-
ally last Thureday afternoon in the Belle-
claire Hotel and was sent to Roosevelt Hos-
pital charged with attempted suicide,
Magistrate Mors, in the West Side oourt,
paroled her from custody yesterday after-
noon until she is able to go to court.

The istrate took this action because
he lea that the presence of a police-
man beside the bed of Mrs. du Mont con-
panes” had caused frequent attacks of

yeteria and had threatened to prevent her
recovery as long as it was kept up.

Mrs. du Mont will not leave the hospital,
however, until she can go to court to have
the quarge of attempted suicide formally
disminased.

 

 

 

 

PERIL OF FATHER-IN-LAWING,

You May Be Sued for Allenating Your
Daughter's Affections.

Robert E. Lennert, a Maiden lane jeweller,
has begun an action in the Supreme Court
against his father-in-law, Ludwig Jochum,
to recover $25,000 damages for alienation
of his wife’s affections. Lennert's mother-
in-law is also joined as a party defendant.

Jochum is said to be a well to do barber
in Queens, and the parente-in-law would
like to have the suit tried om their side
of the East River. An appiication to this
effect was made yesterday to Supreme
Court Justice Scott, who reserved decision.

The Lennerts were married on March 26,
1008, and in January last Mrs, Lennert
went to call on her parents. She became
a mother while on visit, and has not
aince eae to ner premade, Lapnert
gays t @ parents have son
wind against bim. " -

 

MURDER AND NO PENALTY.

Recorder’s Comment on Two Cases—wit- |

nesses Spirited Away.

“Last Friday,” said Recorder Goff in
the Genera! Sessions yesterday, “I was com-
pelled to discharge a man accused of mur-
der, and the admitted facts were these:
Two men were seen together by a police-
man. One man fell and the other ran.
The policeman ran to the man who had
fallen and found he had received nine stab
wounds in the body and theknife with
which the stabbing was done was sticking
in his body. The officer drew out the
knife and pursued the man who ran and
caught him. There were blood stains on
the prisoner's hands.

“It is lamentable that auch things should
occur in the heart of the city and no one
be held for the crime. It is lamentable
that in this community with its boasted
civilization and multiplicity of laws and
law officers a man certaes of crime can
escape without even the form of a trial.
The Grand Jury was justified in discharging
him, no doubt, but in my opinion it be-
tokens gross negligence and incompetency
somewhere that a brutal murder like that
should take place and no one be brought to
justice.”

James J. Keneagh, who was indicted
for murder in the first degree, was brought
before the Recorder. He was a of
killing Patrick D. go} a in a saloon fight.
That was eight months ago. His counsel
obtained from Judge O'Sullivan on March
28 an order that unless Keneagh was tried
before April 16 he should be discharged.

“In this case,” said the Recorder, “the
District Attorney is unable to pr to
trial. I do not say that it is use of
delay or negligence-I am simply com-
menting on the facts. Under the order
of Judge O'Sullivan I can do nothing else
but discharge the prisoner. He may be
innocent but the Grand Jury found enough
evidence to indict him.”

Assistant District Attorney Nott ex-

lained that several important witnesses

ad been spirited away and that without

them there was no case against
Every effort to get them back had been
unsuccessful.

TRAIN ROWDYISM PUNISHED.

18 Boys Arrested on Sunday on Snhway
and Elevated Cars.

When Justice Zeller took his seat on
the bench in the Children's Court yesterday
morning there were eighteen boys in the
room who were arrested on Sunday for
rowdyism on elevated and subway trains.
Two were fined $10 each and Benjamin
Sinenovitch, 14 years old, of 159 East 113th
street, was sent to the Catholic Protectory,.
Justice Zeller fined the rest of the boys

each,

“T intend to do all that I can to break
up this Sunday rowdyism on the trains.
It's an outrage, and if I had my way I
would send all these boys to the Proteo-
tory,” said the Justice.

Dying Is Not Popular.

The number of deaths in Greater New
York the past week was only 1,528, as com-
pared with 1,636 last year, although the
mortality from. measles and _ broncho-
pneumonia has been three times as great
as last year. The decrease comes from

all other diseases, especially tuberculosis,
heart disease and cerebro-spinal menin-

gitia.

 

 

The Best Bitter Liqueur,

Drink to the health of your friends in

Underberg Boonekamp Bitters and
improve
meals it gives a relish to food and aids
digestion—always the same since 1846.
Call for a ‘‘pony"’ at any first-class bar.

El Enjoyable as # cocktail ani better for you.

Hage fot 6,000,000 bottles imported to the U. S.
nies heptent “lebs and Restaurants, or by (he

H

Keneagh. |

204 William Strect

 

FLunrs Fine FursiTuRe (fp)
The Flint Principle.

Sixty-six years of furniture building has given
“FLINT QUALITY” a national reputation.
Our aim is to improve the best efforts of each
season, a principle which has resulted in giving
our products the benefit of the latest and most
improved methods of construction and finish at
minimum cost.

A visit to our showrooms will result in much
benefit to the prospective home furnisher who
is desirous of securing “‘correct” pieces, our
decorative staff being available at all times to
| serve patrons without charge in the matter of

suggestions and sketches.

IGEO C. FLINT Co

WEST 23% STREET

 

||| W. M. DAVIS

Professor of Geology
at Harvard University

has written an article for -

The Evening Sun

To-day

The ——S—

Earthquake

t

San Francisco

—
——

SS

 

JUMPED IN THE WELL. &

 

 

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,

COPD DIE IIe

   

 

Belief That Schubert Killed Himeelf tn a
Fit of Despondency.

The mystery surrounding the death of
Albert Schubert, whose body was found in
St. Ronan’s Well in Newtown on Sunday,
has not been fully cleared up, but the cir-
cumstances are believed to point more to
suicide than to foul play. The police have
found several persons who saw the man
wandering about Newtown and Corona on
Tuesday afternoon and Wednesday last,
acting strangely and muttering to himeelf.
When last seen Schubert was going in the

direction of St, Ronan's Well.

A son of the dead man called at the New-
town police station yesterday and was
closely questioned 3 Coroner Ambler.
The son said his father had been deepondent
ever since one of his sons died about a year
ago. Before his father went away on
Tuesday last he collected $85, and gave this
money to ‘hia wite. The bloodstained
knife which was found in the grass close to
the well was identified by the son as belong-
ing to his father.

Put
New Life
in the Home

by exchanging your piano,
which can be played only by
hand, fora

Sterling

(Combination)

on which anyone can play
by aid of the STERLING
Music Roll—two instruments
in one; always ready without
attaching or detaching for
either hand-playing or music-
roll playing.

A popular price and terms
made, to suit.

Sterling
Piano

Company,

518-520 Fulton St.,

Corner Hanover Place, Brooklyn, N. Y.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.

your own. Taken before

At all Hotels,
bettie at Wine Merchants and Grocers,

BOTTLED ONLY BY

. Underberg Albrecht, Rheinberg, Germany

LUYTIES BROTHERS, Gen't Agents
MODEL WINE CELLARS
NEW YORK