|
i

 

 
  

=a : =: |
TUPADAY, WAY t, te06

Batered 66 the Port Oiflew at New Vor! a0 herond

«a Wall Matter

wee

Saherrtotions he Malt, Faetpatd
Harty, Per Wo @o 40
Hate, Per Vou awe
SUNDAY, Pee Vout gon
HaAtLyY ANT GUNAY Mer Tear eae)
DAILY ANT) QD STAY Per Menth ta
Puetage ta foreten «countries aided

med tw T fun Printing and Pulllehing
oetetinn at iy wane atreet, (nthe Nerang of
Manhattan # vor }

it awe frtende hyeet @O TR mre mneripte fae
PHM ieatian with ty Coheed aetected ertwenad, Mey
Weed OF all cated cond amps for inal purpen

= - “-
Honer to Thie Later Crtont
We are indetied fo a New Yoreor jut
fetierned from San Francieen for @ copy |
of a local newapaper'a report of the
preliminary action of the union brick.
lavers at Onkland, indicating the polioy
of the union with regard to rebuilding |
operations, |
j

|

os |

 

There has been no more encouraging
news from the acene of calamity than thie
prompt refusal to take advantage of the
common misfortune, this vote to main-
tain the old scale of wages, this decision |
to work overtime when necessary at the
regular pay for extra labor and this
{mplied willingness to hold the field |
open to all competent mechanics of the |
eame trade, whether members of the |
union or not.

Most Americans will Join THe Sn
in hearty admiration of the spirit mani-
feated by the union bricklayers at their |
meeting at Oakland on Saturday, April
91, even before the fires had burned out |
across the bay. |

——.—

Tabah.

The dispute bet ween Great Britain and
Turkey that arose over the occupation |
by Turkish troops vi a place ay

 

 

 

 

Tabah, probably of importante only in
relation to the boundary between Egypt
and Turkey, seems now to be broad-
ening into a more serious question.

The position of Tabah does noteappear
on any ordinary English map, but there
is a place called Dabah on German maps
a short distance north nd slightly east
of Akaba at the head of the gulf of the
same name. Whether Dabah is the
game as Tabah cannot be said for certain
on present information, but it seems
likely. To be reached by British or ugyp- |
tian troops by sea a landing would have
to be made at Akaba, and this would be
an act of war. It is therefore probable
that any troops sent in that direction |
from Egypt would go by land so as to
gaintime and await the results of diplo-
matic action, avoiding immediate mili-
tary offence.

As will be seen by our map, the aneient
boundary between Africa and Asia ran
from the head of the Gulf of Suez to
El Arish on the Mediterranean. This
place is said to have been occupied re-
cently by Turkish troops. The con-
tested frontier starts from Raphia to
the eastward of I] Arish, and zigzags
down to Akaba, cutting off the whole
Sinaitio peninsula from Turkey and
placing it under Anglo-Egyptian admin-
istration.

Under these circumstances, Maan, to
the northeast of Akaba about sixty miles
and the head of the first section of the
Damascus-Hedjaz railway, becomes a
point of military importance. Already
a considerable force of Turkish troops
is said to be concentrated there, with
reenforcements up the line toward Da-
mascus ready to be moved south.

 

The Responsibility for an Anthracite
Strike.

No fair minded person can read the
published correspondence between the
owners and workers of anthracite mines
without recognizing that the privation
and suffering to which consumers may
be subjected by a protracted strike will
be due tothe unreasonable position taken
by Mr. JoHN MITCHELL, the spokesman
of the miners.

. Public opinion might not have been so
fayorable to the owners of the hard coal
mines had the latter persisted in their
original refusal to grant any of Mr,
MITCHELL's demands and confined themn-
selves to offering a renewal for a second
triennial period of the agreement to
abide by the award of the Anthracite
Coal Strike Commission, with which they
have complied for the three years ended
March 31, 1906. That offer is still open,
but Mr. Gzorcr F. Barr, the official
representative of the mine owners and
operators, has made to the workers an
alternative proposal, namely, that the
reasonableness of a wage advance or a
wage reduction under existing indus-

*- trial and trade conditions, as well as of

changes in the methods of conciliation,

cite Coal Strike Commission, with the
understanding that if any vacancies in
the board exist these shall be filled by
President Rooskveir. That is to say,
the mine owners invoke the very prin-
ciple which Mr, MITCHELL has repeatedly
advocated, and appeal to the very same
mediative instrumentality for creating
which Mr. RoosEVELT has been so much
extolled by the miners of hard coal, Mr.
MITCHELL, indeed, has indicated a will-
ingness to accept the proposed reference
of the questions named to arbitrators,
and to be bound by their decision, pro-
vided they announce that the present
wages are too low. He will not agree,
however, to submit to their decision if
they arrive at the conclusion that the
existing wages are too high. This, on
the face of it, is an inequitable distinc-
tion, and suggests a doubt as to whether
Mr. M1?CHELL’s original appeal to arbi-
tration was made in good faith,

The anthracite miners will learn what
Mr. MIrcHELL, on his part, well under-
étands, that any strike which meets with
general disapproval on the part of the
community at large is doomed to failure,
In the strike of 1902 a large part of the
consumers, it will be remembered, sym-
pathized with the miners, not because
they were qualified to discuss the tech-

 

te

shall be submitted to the former Anthra~ | sleeve of the fair plaintiff, obtains recog-

——_

  
   

nical questions in dispute, but because
the mine owners long refused, and but for

the inferposttion of President Roosrvntt |

would doubtlees have persiated in re-

fiming, to fefer the reasonableness of an |

advanoe in wages to competent arhi-
tratare Owing to the faet that pric
opinion in Pennaglvania was thee divided,
with apparentiy a preponderance of fort:
ing in favor of the minerea, the ional
and State authorities hewitated to make
an effective wae of the forow at their dia
powal for the maintenanoe of the public
peace and for uphotding the right of
non-union workers to labor in the an
throcite mines, ft wan alee, fo doubt,

| the wideepraad finpramion that by thelr

perwiatent rejection of arbitration the

mnine owners evinced indiferenes to the

hardehip and euffering inflicted pon

| mititucdes of conmimers by the acarrity

of the combustible that ultimately im-
pelled President Rooswvere te inter.
vers, although well aware that hie
conatitutional autherity to de @o was
daputable in the absence of any request
from thy Legislature or Baecutive of
Pennayivania,

The situation be now essentially differ-
ent, aa the unton workers will discover
if they determine fo strike at) attempt
to prevent non-union men from mining
coal, Backed by public opinion, Gover-
nor Perwypacken will use the whole
military force of the State for the preser-
vation of peace and order in the anthra-
cite region, and if that foroe should
prove inadequate he will call upon the
President of the United States for asaist-
ance. Such, at all events, is the an-
houncement mace by the newspapers
published in his State which are believed
to reflect faithfully his intentions.

In view of all the facta the mine work~-
ers will make a mistake fatal to the
stability and efficiency of their organ-
ization if, when they meet during the
coming week, they fail to accept one or
the other of the proposals made by Mr.
Barr on behalf of the operators. If
they honestly believe that the trade con-
ditions justify an advance of wages
they will consent to leave the question
of advance or reduction to arbitration.
If they really have no such belief they

| will jump at the offer to comply with the

award of the Anthracite Strike Commis-
sion for three years longer.

 

Fictitious Domiciie in Divoroe,

We have received a letter from one of
the counsel in the Haddock divorce case
in which he says:

“You have overlooked other dectsiona previ-
ously made by the Supreme Court tp which ft has
been distinctly held that unless the State wherein
the decree of divorce was reudered was the bona
fide domicile of the plaintiff It was entirely without
jurisdiction, even though the defendant was previ-
ously served within that State or voluntarily ap-
peared therein. In other words, that in every
case there must be bona fide domicile of at least
one of the partics in order to confer jurisdiction
on the court. (ANDREWS es. ANDREWS, 188 U. S.,
14; BELL es, BELL, 181 U. @y 19% STREITWOLF es.
STREITWOLY, 181 U. S., 108

“ [t seemed to me to be well tooall these decisions
to your attention, as otherwise youreditorial might
have a misleading effect on popular opinion as to
the validity of divorces granted in any State other
than the bona fide domicile of at least one of the
parties,”

Our friend {s entirely mistaken, Theré
is no danger of our article's mislead-
ing any one. THe SUN is very fa-
miliar with the three cases of BELL,
STREITWOLF and ANDREWS. The Bell
case holds that no valid divorce can be
decreed on constructive service by the
courts of a State in which neither party
is domiciled. The Streitwolf case ap-
proves the Bell case and holds the di-
vorce to be invalid because the husband
had not a domicile in good faith in North
Dakota for ninety days. The Andrews
case holds that the appearance of both
parties cannot confer jurisdiction where
there is an absence of domicile in the
State. But we know, amd every one
knows, that the ninety days or six months
or one year residence sufficient to satisfy
the statute or the State court is never a
bona fide domicile; it is a fictitious domi-
cile, although legally unassailable.

The prerequisite or plausible exouse
required by the divorce grist mills is
that there shall be a prima facie domicile
or an alleged domicile without any par-
ticular insistence as to good faith or
actual residence.

Our editorial can have no misleading
effect on public opinion, because it is
based on truth and reality. The lawyer
who indulges in this special pleading
must be either very inexperienced in
divorce cases or of a singularly guileless
nature if he really for one moment
imagines that in ninety-nine cases out
of a hundred the domicile of the plaintiff,
gained in a foreign State, is not estab-
lished merely and solely for the purpose
of getting a divorce. That is what we
call “a fictitious domicile”; it is a domi-
cile established for the purpose of ob-
taining a decree of divorce and of getting
rid of the objectionable party, while
the attendant cavalier, held up the

nition at once upon the granting of the
judgment.

The ordinary course of procedure in
most cases is for the woman who desires
to obtain the divorce to consult some
attorney in this city, while the husband
consults another attorney, and the two
attorneys name representatives in the
Western State. The wife is informed
that it will be necessary for her to reside
in the foreign State for six months or a
year, whichever may be the term of res-
idence prescribed by statute. She then
goes to Bouth Dakota or to some other
favorable State, where there is “the line
of least resistance”; she lives there six
months or a year; she alleges in her
complaint that she is a resident of, for
instance, South Dakota; if examined
on the witness stand she swears that
her domicile is in that State, and this
makes out the prima facie prerequi-
site of domicile. The real test, which
can never be applied, because the court
cannot sit in the mind of the individual,
is whether there is the animus manendi
or theanimus non reverlendi, the intention
of remaining in South Dakota or the
intention of not returning to New York,
Upon the entry of the judgment of di-
vorce the theretofore ayowed purpose
of living permanently in the new State

oe

 

| panne from the mind of the plaintiff
| and flees away forever, and one of the
first (reine leaving for New York carries
the plemnrif and a& corti til eony of her
dev rer
There have heen mang divorees ah
| tained in other States by well known
| prmidenea cf fereverel ene are jal prewition in
thie ote The persone whe ebet inet
thane clecrowe of divoree live fa longer
in Seirh frekote oe tf the choeen forme
| ane if one ahold Pathe the
| plies of the temperary chemere alee
anes cocnpiend bey theme fair
may te indicated, but one fay lente in
vain for the permanent reaidened of
| mora than one, if thet one can be die
| aevwored with « aemretli ah
We beliews in calling things hy ther
| ren! name, anc when the divorce hietory
| of the forvat shoes that the newly forse
| peaidencs ie never & fend fide donicile,
beet that tt haw heen aeleeted stinply forthe
onae and deapateh with which a divorce
ean be obtained in that partioular foram,
qe know of no word better to describe
aol demietia than the word “fetitionws,”
Although the Supreme Court of the
Tite States haa held that the domicile
muat be « bona fide domicile, jf it were
& plavaible domicile for a few months
prior to the granting of the divorce and
at the time of the entry of the decres
the sudden change of mind which comes
tipon the plaintiff after judgment will not
be suffiviont to upset the juriadiction
An excellent remedy for this evil would
be the requirement by the foreign State
that after the entry of the decree the
person in whose favor it has been granted
shall be compelled, in order to sustain
the validity of the judgment, to reside
actually and continuously for five years
thereafte: in the town of Sioux Falls or
in any other particularly favored haven
of relief,

wlait Mone

 

The Federal Government and San
Francisco.

It is not likely that the plan broached
on Sunday at a meeting of the finance
committee in San Francisco for an in-
dorsement by Congress of a bond issue
by the city of $200,000,000, to be used in
rebuilding operations, will receive the
serious consideration of Congress. Mr.
James D, PHELAN, chairman of the com-
mittee, is reported to have said that
such legislation would not be new, since
the Union and Central Pacific railroads
were built on the strength of an indorse-
ment by the Government. But there are
men still in Congress who remember
the Government's claims for unpaid
interest against the companies and the
various refunding bills. The ‘ilustration
was unfortunate,

In principle there is no difference
between this indorsement scheme and
the proposal of the Union Labor party
in its national platform in 1888 that the
circulating medium be loaned to the
people upon land security at a low rate
| of interest. San Francisco would offer
5 for sale with the Government
|

De aEEEEEEEEeeEEEyEyEyEyEyEyy——————E——eEEEEE

indorsement, the bonds bearing a low
rate of interest; and the indorsement
would sell them quickly. The purchaser
would look first to the city for his inter-
est and principal and afterward to the
national Government. The indorser
might never be called upon for a cent;
but why should the United States finance
the city of San Francisco?

The list of owners of destroyed and
damaged buildings who intend to restore
and rebuild with their own capital is
growing longer every day; it is a cheer-
ing sign of the undismayed courage 80
requisite in the crisis if San Francisco is
to rise from her ashes a remodelled city
with faith in her star. We do not be-
lieve these brave spirits would approve
of the paternalistic plan of the finance
committee, and it may be doubted
whether on mature consideration the
committee will press it on the attention
of Congress,

ED

Governor Hoch’s “ Esteem.’ !

Governor E. W. Hocn of Kansas is a
candidate for renomination by the Re-
publican State convention, which meets
this week, and his political enemies have
caused the publication of a story to the
effect that he attempted to embrace and
kiss Mra. W. E. STANLEY, the wife of his
predecessor, while that estimable woman
was calling on him in his private office
to discuss the affairs of the Board of
Control of State Charitable Institutions, of
which she was amember. Mrs. STANLEY
was indignant and scandalized when
Governor HocH endeavored to divert her
attention from State business to personal
matters, and after considering the Gov-
ernor's most unstatesmanlike conduct she
resigned from her office.

In answer to the main accusation
against him the Governor has failed to
make denial. He says “the story is
grossly unkind and unjust” to him. His
conscience is clear, and he adds:

“JT have committed no Intentional wrong and hold
the person In question in the highest esteeni.”

Had he restricted himse¥ to holding

her in the highest esteem, Mra. StaNLEY |

would have had no complaint to make
against the Governor, It was his effort
to hold her in his arms that enraged her.

 

Western Golfers Driving Straight.

A good recovery atones for the worst
foozle onthe links, Asimilar rule should
apply to golf legistation, It was a foozle
for the Western Golf Association to
choose the week of July 8, when the
United States Golf Association had
previously claimed the week of July 9,
for the national amateur championship
at the Englewood Golf Club. Now the
Westerners have made a fine recovery,
The Western amateur championship
and the Olympic trophy will be played
fer at the Glen Echo Country Club,
St. Louis, from September 8 to Sep-
tember 8.

The golfers from beyond the Alle-
ghanies who may wish to play in both
championships—including H. CHANDLER
Ecan, who holds both titles—will now
have abundant time to make their
plans. The Olympio trophy is open to
teams of four from any golf association
in theeworld, and, while the visitors may
not play for the Western championship
unless they are members of clubs in the
Western Golf Association, there are
many other competitions to be held dur-

THE SUN, TUESDAY,

plerntiffe

 

: , ene > -
| ing the Glen fohe tournament in which THE BOUNDARY QUESTION INVOLVING TIE SIN CITIC resinst ts. | 4 STONE THROWING OMe

members of outside teame mav join.

| It will be qood eportamanshipy for the
| Baatern @olf asenciations to enter (ean
lor the Ofyipie tropiy,

Me Heven's right head did aot forget
ita ormebing bey Ferrantonn.

The ‘age of the Vikings” hee not vanianed
from Sew Merion when @ euperintancdent
‘of uchonte and a learned agchmalngiat ofhent
at each other ia (he pubiie atreest and one

| cof tC heeeve Fritere Ofer chinet (ey Ghee leet ty aaprery,

‘The ant inialaetio friend of Captain Mow
nom might let him arow ap before (hey tale
of him for Preatdent,

The Oty

 

the reewrd for the event, inet fo hie oft
| mate, Pact 1. Pitan of the New York
| Athletia Club, whe wae taken te
Athena et the leet moment ae a man

to plok wpasteny point, Priam ie tnown

to met athletes aa the
hing* for hia frequent vietorien from
The handicaps king

allowances i@
longer, The workl’s champion retgne
hie atend,

Why did the director of the weually well
managed Poople's Institute tnvite Brae &.
Comm, Dr, Pannnvuner and Jon DaWrrr
Warnan to be the three
at the same meeting, on the last night
of the esason? The Raat Side audiences
that crowd Cooper Union are disoriminating
and have taste and judginest.

Wanwan was the only one of the three who

attanded.

The desire of the Rev. Thomas Sranman
to traverse the route of his father, General
Wi.iam Teoumaen Senay, in the maroh

| from Atlanta to the eea ie natural enough
and there's no reason why he should not
gratify it. But he should leave out the
advertising and should not be accompanied
by the escort of United States cavalry pro-
vided for in his announced plans.

| If the dictionary were revised to conform

, to the police court rulings of Magistrate
Poon {t would read thus:

| Complatnant—A person to be fined or tmpris-
oned and sometimes insulted.

Defendant—A distinguished person to be treated

with the utmost consideration and never subject
to punishment,

Some day the police court dictionary will
be compiled and published.
TD

Electrocutien,

To THe Eprron oy Tam SuN—Stre Your
editorial article in Tam Sun of this morning
relative to the horrors of the “death honse”
is a etep in the right direction. Why not go
ahead and urge the adoption of some form
of execution which is more sure and humane?

Not only is the causation of death by eleo-
tricity a matter of the greatest uncertainty,
as all capable investigators agree, but it is
a merciless killing disapproved even by those
who enforce it, and the idea was thecreation
of a rensational Inspiration.

I have within a year watched an execution
at Sing Siug, and although I have seen varl-
ous forms of violent death, I cannot yet get
rid of the horrid mental picture. There was
none of the dignity belonging to most public
executions, and all concerned went to work
as if they were killing a steer or roping a
bronco. The first shock was not believed
to be sufficient, and a second was given “until
the reflexes were abolished.” I am abso-
lutely convinced that one of the condemned
men was alive after the firat application
was made. After this the bodies were almost
immediately taken into another room and
an autopsy performed. The whole thing was
revolting.

The long detention in the death house of
which you complain ultimately sends the
victims to their death in an absolute state
of blunted sensibility, and the Van Wormer
boy, executed in the upper part of the State,
is the only person who showed abject terror
or realized what it all meant. The long
months of waiting and the exit “through the
little green door” are a terrible punish-
ment which cannot be contemplated by the
law.

For the sake of humanity let us abolish
capital punishment, or, if we must kill crime
inals, find a more effective and simple method
of so doing. M. D.

New York, April 20.

Admfirable Action ef a Gan
Labor Union.

To tHe Eprror or THs Sun—Sir; I read
with interest your editorlal in yesterday
morning's paper concerning the status of the
labor question in San Francisco and the
opportunity offered by the disaster which has
befallen that city to the labor organizations.
I submit to you herewith a copy of portions
of a news article from an Oakland newspaper
since the disaster. I do not include the
entire article, as the balance fs alien to the
question at issue. Possibly you may like to
publish this extract. ©, R. Cornina,

New York, April 28.

Fromyhe Oakland Enqutrer of Apri 28.
BRIOKLAYERS VOTE TO MAINTAIN OLD SCALE,
WILL WORK OVER HOURS AND LBAVE FIELD YAER

TO ALL WHETHER MEMBERS OF
UNION OB NOT.

The Bricklayers’ Union met last night, at which
time measures wore adopted to keep tho rates of
the union down to seventy-five cents an hour,
which ts the usual rate. It waa also decided to
work as long as neccessary, from § A.M. to 8 P.M.
if required.

The regular wages have been 86 a day for eight
hours. For overtime double pay was charged,
which rule held true for Sunday.

All the regular union men and any other man
who shows he ls competent, whether he has a union
card or not, have been appointed inspectors to
examino the work done on the chimneys, and If any
are found in poor condition they will be torn down.
All non-union men must show 4 permit that they
are competent.

 

 

 

Franolsoo

Senator Goodsell and the Palisades Bill,

To Tas Evrron or TaB Sun—Sir: I desire to
correcta misstatement made in ao letter addressed
to you by Arthur Goadby and published in to-day's

Sun. Mr. Goadby is !n error In stating that Sena-

tor Goodsell of Rockland county Is opposing the
} Walnwright-Carpenter bill. Senetor Goodsell is
| supporting this measure. The bill is now before
the Senate, with whom the responsibility of passing
or killing 1€ now lies.

The purpose of the bill is the extension of the Pall-
sadgs Pari northward from the lower Palisades,
along the west shore Hudson River mountains to
Stony Point Reservation. Stony Pointis the south-
ern terminus of the State road, to be constructed
by the State Engineer on the west side of the river,
{n connection with the good roads movement.
The Palisades Park Board will link this State road
with the western terminal of the proposed Henry
Hudson Bridge. Such extension also involves the
acquisition for park purposes and the preservation
from further ruin of the well known Hook Moun.
tain, now being Blasted Into a rubbish heap.

The fact that, this year, the Dill was introduced
by Westchester county representatives in no wise
reflects on Senator Goodsell but only proves the
Senator's contention that the resorvation of these
mountain river lands before \t ts too late and the
adaptation and development of them for com-
bined park and highway purposes are all matters
not merely of local but also of State concern.

New Yor, April 29. La Roy Frost.

Sd
Fisherman's Luck. ¥
Ground is full of danger,
Ain't a mite of doubt
Earthquake comes an’ gits you
Ef you don't watch) out.

Sea is mighty risky,
Though your boat is stout,
Big wave comes to git you
Ef you don't watch out.

Air is full of trouble,
Look what you're about;
Cloud ts bound to git you
Ef you don't watol out.

Thank the Lord for fishin’!
Anglin’ after trout,
Nothin’ ever happens
Ef you don't watch out.
—. MCLANDBURgE WuZon,

ame en a eee

Race tt rteng to Raypt oF te Arabia, te Afries of ta ta?

 

mGeGe G@ Ancient boundary between Africa and Asia,

e
Oreesevervee

=e aweta@e ‘ai Railway lines.

   
  

A DAY AT THE FISHING RANKS. |

With Eneldental Philesepiio Observations Does New York Get One Hundred Cente |

on ‘‘Hoss” Races,

To ran Eprton op Tus Sun—Sir; A day |

Contested Anglo-Fgyptian and Turkish frontier,

SCHOOL VALUFS.

of Valine for Bach Dollar Spent?
To Tue Eprron or Tan S8un—Sirs In Tre

at the Fishing Banks ia one of the pleasures | SUN of April 23 you printed my letter sum-

of life not easily forgotten. Make one trip
there and you will lay plans for many more.
Thousands of people little realize the amount
of good that will come to them. If they did

 

there would not be boats enough to go around. | figures” of the report.
It is the greatest tonic in the world, and all | peared to place us in opposition, I am sure

those who partake of it will find themselves

completely toned up and return to their duties | tion—e desire to know the truth about New
York city’s school administration.

with renewed vigor, To enjoy a trip to the
Fishing Banks you must, in a measure, pre-
pare yourself for it. 1. you are very bilious—
well, that’s’all right, yon will feel all the better
for it the next day or the day after. In any
case, you will swear that it did you more good
than anything the doctor ever gave you.

When you make up your mind to go pre-
pare yourself for a real, genuine rough and
ready good time. Wear the oldest clothes
you own, and look just like the rest of the |
seeming hoodlums you will meet. Then if |
you should by any chance sit down on a bunch
of clam bait you will not feel so heavily dam-
aged as you would if it was your best Sunday-
g0-to-meetings.

Last Sunday was a great day. If every
one didn't get fish they certainly had a very
good time. There was plenty of fish, and if
every one didn't get all they wanted they
were elther in hard luck or—well, the fish
were there. - Anyhow, they can’t be blamed.
As Jimmy Shea said when his neighbor com-
pees that he had lost all of his bait and

ad not caught anything:

“And sure, what did you expect of then’?
Ia it for them to walk up to you like and dump
themselves into your basket?” |

A lady who was fishing alongside of me got

ferocious bite, almost pulling the line away

rom her, and shouted to her husband, who
He called back:

“What is it?
"Oh, I don't know,” she replied, “It pulls
dreadf ie

ylly, Do come and help.
“No,” said She husband, “you will have to |
land your own fish.”

Finally, with a little assistance, she [anded
a big conger eel. Then the real fun started.
She was afraid to handle it, and in the mean-
time It became twisted up in the line, The
husband wouldn't help. Just then the cap-
tain came along, and Seeing the way matters
were, he quietly picked up the eel with one
hand and removed the hook with the other,
saving:

“Madam, you had ea hard time landing this
one.”
“Yes, captain,” she replied, “a harder time
than I had landing that one omncing fe her
husband; “but, captain, thelr dispositions are

entirely alike.
It often happens in geen sea fishing, where
the boat is at anchor, that the crowd on one-
half of the boat are catching fish as fast as
they can drop enely lines, and on the other
half they are out of business. Then you will
hear nd ery. go up, “Oh, move i} e boat!”
until drowned out by the other half, who cry
out “Don't do it!” The cause of the trouble
is that when the anchor is down the boat
drifts with tne tide toa Darina | ting posi-
tien, the bottom of the ocean a of rocky
ledges, and the feeding sections may 6 length-
wise of the boat, which would give every one
an equal chance. If lying crosswise, only
that portion of the boat would be in a favor-
able position, which means that while there
was plenty below, there was, or would be,
very few above,

Going fishing is, in a sense, like going to
the races. It is prospective. erbapa you
will and perhaps you won't. It reminds mé

 

of the story told me about old Pat Murphy,
who sab on the dock day long without @
bite, when his friend Jim Connors came
along and greeted him with:
“el
, Jim,
hhat'are i, doing, Pat?°
" ae are Ls Pat?®
“Well, Jim, I've been here all day and
hayen't ha m

a 5
Why, Pat, I'm not eurprlaed at that.”

“Why ain't you Spry , Jim?”

the sucker is on the wrong

“Because, Pat,
end of the fine.
That is the way

a ople go to the \e
It is a sure thing. The problem ts solved.
They have all the winners.

After the boat leaves the Battery plier !t is
a pleasant place to be for any one who is

bservant, partioularl student of nature.
they will 'see the sublime and the ridiculous
through the same glasses, One of the most
humorous times to on board is when they
have a good sized holiday crowd. Any nio
Sunday during the summer eeaeon is & gO0! |
time to see all of the beautiful happenings
that go to make the day enjoyable to the old
salt. The holiday crowd | made up prinel-

ally of family parties, old and young, an
fev bring all kinds of eatables, enough to
stock a boarding house. About the time the
boat is passing the entrance to Sheepshea
Bay they think it is time to eat. he baskets
are opened up and they etart In, For an
example of how they do it I will describe a
feeding scene on One 0 my former trips:
First hey etarted off with a ham or bologna
sandwich, raw tomato, cheese, raw onion
beer, pickles, cake and ple. A Olear case of
*not’ yet, but soon.” There was a beautiful
ground swell on, and {1 less than an hour,
when passing the Highiand Light, that onoe
happy family were lying over the side rail

nd giving up to. the little fishes below what
they had enjoyed a short time before in this
world above. 5

After they have made two or three trips
they get wise, and then the little Oshes go

unary’.

The crowd {s piways good natured and
even tempered. They will mingle going and
coming, and if you want to hear yarns

ame, Any
worth the

t ° them and start the
She ‘oF the stories Be cif Fie.
py advice to any_one cooped yp indoors
all the week is to make the trip of y miles
Ott £0 008 ane ad’e good sun bath end hed
y thoroughly nok Dring with pure
ealin

 

You may not br home any
Ren but you come home @ & great
eal better than when you started.
Forty YEARS 4 SUN READER.
New Yorks, April 28.

Fire Protection.

To rms Eprrorn or Tas SuN—Sts: In answer
to “Anxious” in Tae Sun of April 27, \t was not
my intention to be understood that a 20 Inch voluine |
ean be forced through two 10 inch openings, but |
& pump oould be Installed with a suMfcient dis-
charge to care for tw» 10 Inch pipe lines, or evel)
more lines as the copditions might require.

Norury, April 29. P. F, GUTHRIE.

—

 

International affairs predominate in the North
American Review for May. Baron Speck von
Sternburg discusses Germany in South America,
Signor Luzzattl the projected agricultural instl-
tute, former Senator H. G. Davis the Pan-American
railroad, Mr. Hannis Taylor the Spanish treaty
claims and another writer the Issues between tho
United States and Turkey. Mr. Henry James
describes Washington and there is a review of
poetry, and a long porin. There are also articles
on municipal ownership, on the negro question, on
Asrigation and on aristooralld Amerloan Auogetry. o.

marizing the section on evening echools in
the annual report of Supt. Maxwell. In a
letter which appeared in Tax Sun of April 20
“Morningside” criticised the “facts and
While hia letter ap-

that we are animated by the same considera-

“Morningside” is “puzzled to account for
the statement that the large group of non-
English speaking pupils is ‘distinguished by
a genuine desire to take advantage of the
opportunities offered, an enthusiasm that
means steady progress toward a definite
end,’ ” in view of the fact that the percentage
of thelr attendance is lower than the average
attendance percentage of all night school
pupils, The fact is to be here noted that this
group of pupils presents perhaps the single,
certainly the chief, exception to the rule that
attendance average is the most satisfactory
test of efficiency in result producing admin-
istration, It is enough merely to hint at
without cataloguing the circumstances in the
lives of these non-English speaking pupils
that militate against the maintenance by
ther of a high average of attendance, More-
over, this deficienoy in regularity of attend-
ance should be counterbalanced by the zeal
with which they naturally enter upon a work
parsied by native youth of the lower classes
n a more perfunctory manner. Still again
the standard by which progress is measured
in the case of the one group does not fitly

apply to the other. What is properly ex-

 ONiehie Mrmae EBmoe's Eneaunter Wt,

 

| Athletic Pletach.
Peom the Hinds Tptettunt GCaqeemme
Poouter petion in lacie @ that aheate pee

  
 
 

“ones, and | had aa cower vet cathon
of the (eet lt wae in (he month af (eawtiewr
tate re aan that | @wttnewend @ Gene
eWie® peewee hat there ate meeny inet
) earth and heaven (hat ane wat deaemt af
nh oor piileepiy. I oe ie Chee town of Bie
aoe yen lew singed fh an apen
Piwe (iowa fa @# ‘ . that af ane
Claner!| Wahata, af al one etunated in
m open ple fe v wetiw Phat
ahoete had enpearet in wee herethy
atter | had hewrd fiite | cow Cenert Wirwewtl
f ented Winn afew (he wheat and ne antl, “Ven,
alr, 8 pleat, oh meane @ gheat of
very low devrem
| wwe @ betle anepr {to hea (hte fron
ter Por Ohanerl bart + & Chetian,
waa nor ly tay in the #@iet-
ahuete, lower of her { aah
hin what the eheet @ae doing in hie hen,
hut he wae not eomminicativs and went
hie way. tforent all abe! if, ehen a atrenge
incident browaeht the prank@ of th a@howt
again to my fhotice
Gionert, being & mi! n, supplied me
with milk, and ag Corin servont of mine
went ta feteh it tie wo bronght beet
almost in an nneonacions atate te « friend of
Cloner) juat before evening 1 aekerd Shiva,
the @ervant, to @eplain (ia reason of hie
sorrowful plight, He antl after great effort,
for he could acarcoty utter a word, that hear
ing that ghoste were ploving mad pranke
in the honwee of Goneri, he had gone to feton
nil @ little before the vernal time he deed to
bring it—that is, before ‘aun hed gone
down. Evening was just setting In, and he
was coming with the milk, hen, no sooner
had he left Gonoria house, than a black
and hideous “thing” pounced upon him and

infileted @ blow upon hie breast, so that he
fell senseless with @ groan Gonor! had in-

vited @ few friends to hia house to pass the
| night with him to protect hirn from the “ple-
| hash,” and thus, when they heard his groan,
they cama to bis reseue and brought him
home
On the following morning | went to Go-
nori’s house, which waa about two minutes
walk from mine, accompanied by two triends,
| both of them highly educated and intensely
intellectual, His house, a9 I said before, was
situated in an open space only on one side of

which there was a cluster of bamboo trees
| where the ghost might conceal himself, but
| even this weuld be impossible in day time
{if he was afraud. On entering the house wa
found a girl about twelve sweeping the yard
with a broomstick, the yard being surrounded
with huts and walls. The other inmates of
the house, Gonor! himself, his mother about
seventy, his wife about forty-five, were all
absent. Seeing that the girl was the only
inmate of the house doing household work,
we went outside chatting at random, nearly
forgetting all about the ghost My friends
were a few yards from me talking together,
and I took this opportunity of addressing the
ghost in these words:

“Sir Ghost, if you are here, Please show
yourself to us, for we are highly respectable
gentlemen and you should behave properly

with us.
No sooner had I said this than a clod of

earth came rolling down the siope of the hut
near Which I was standing! This amuaeed
me greatly, for I could not believe that it was

actually a ghost that had responded to my
call, So lasked my [riends to note the politees
ness of the ghost, Which had actually listened
to my request. They had heard the sound
of the fall of the clod, but had not seen it come
ing down. So they came close to ne to eX
ey theclod. 1 again addressed the ghost,
said:
“Sir Ghost, this is highly ‘mproper, You
should be impartial in the treatment of your
ueste. You have satisfied me but not my
riends. Please show yourself to them also.
No sooner had I pa this than there rolled
another clod, and this time ali three saw it.

pected of a native child, accustomed to the
--howey vas engi © | Let me confess, this time we were all sure
use--however faulty—of the En ae uns prised, wy ae hat piri dome. ith No,

uage, the necessary medium of
n our schools, could not be demanded of the
foreign born child, or even the child of foreign
born parents, What is the birthright of the
one is an acquisition of the other, The for-
eign born child has to travel some distance
to reach the starting point of the native pupil.
Intelligent teachers have told ine that the
little Inskis and Owskig do excellent work;
but they are Working under a handicap.
In his citation of comparative statistics
“Morningside” made use of reports which I,
not being a school man, had not at hand;
and I am glad that my letter was the means
of bringing them to the public notice, If
statistics have been wrenched to fit the re-
quirements ef special pleading in support of
our schools, v8 should know of thav perver-
sion, The night school percentage of at-
tendance in New York is 87 plus; of the five
olties: cited by “Morningside,” 66 plus. In
the New York report the statement is made
that statistics show percentages for various
cities running from 20 to 40 per cent. Can
this great discrepancy be due to accidental
misinterpretation? Are the figures given tn
the report incorrect? If so, iv it the result of
accident or design? Did “Morningside” re-
lect his “at random,” as he says, or with
purposeful chotee? Uf each reporter went
to the extreme indicated by his special inter-
est, what is the fair balance of fact between
them? Perhaps the percentages are calcu-
lated _on. variant bases. At any rate, the
New York figures are printed over a respon-
sible alenature, which ought to bea guarantee
of honesty of intention, if not of correct
quotation. Some one who has access to city
and national achool reports should be able to
give us exact information,
“Morningside’s” contention te that New
York, in ita evening echools, with the highest
per capita cost of fnatruction, meets the
supreme test of actual average attendance
on the part of {ta pupils least satisfactorily,
It is a surprising fact that in his table o
comparative attendance and cost the one
column rises without a break, while the
gine as evenly declines—a homogeneity
of value relations that appears significant.
New York, with the lowest figurea for per-
centage of average attendance, has the high»
est per oapita cost; Washington, with the
least cost, claims the best attendance. As
there Is no test available better than this of
comparative expense and attendance, thi
dilemma confronts us: Are there fundamenta
differences in conditions that fairly account
for the difference in apparent results, or is
there eomething wrong with the New York
system?
Ie the difference In cost due to unpro-
ductive extravagance, or Is the explanation
simply this: that the richest city in the coun-
try uses its echool funds more liberally than
others, to just and proper ends?
These questions are worth the asking, and
worth the answering: for certainly we should
know the truth about. our school system,
which uses millions of dollars every, Year for
the trainine In citizenship of our hundreds
of thousands of children. Does the city get
one hundred cente of value in return for
every single dollar of those millions? Tf not
thera most assuredly ia “something wrong”
with the New York system, I,
New York, April 80.

=. eee

 

Labrador Is a Peaceful Land.
From Datly Consular and Trade Iteports, Apra %0,
Sir William MacGregor, Governor of Newfound-
land, of which province Labrador Is a dependency,
has recently Iasued a report of ascientific and oficial
visit which he made to that remote seaboard last
eummer, and among other aspects of the subject he
treats especially of the absence of crime In that
region. ;
“Labrador,” Sir Willlam says, “has a resident
population of 10,000, of whom 3,500 are white, settled
along its south coast. Many of the Indians are
half breeds, and there are 8,000 'squimaux scattered
along the northem waterfront. In addition it Is vis-
{ted each summer by some 20,000 Newfoundlanders,
who engage in fishing, which Is the chief pursult
of these people. Yet there ts no court or Jail,
magistrate or policeman or any other officer
of the law on this 1,000 miles of seaboard, where all
these people are wresting a subsistence from the
ocean. For thirty-three years there has been no
session of court held, and In fifty years the only orim-
inal charge which {is recorded is that against an
Fequimau whose fealousy was aroused against a
rival tn his wife's affection, and who shot the man
as he walked with her. Forty years ago there was
a circult court sent there every summer, but as
{t found nothing to do it was abolished. In the
past Labrador was a famous pirate stronghold and
required a French squadron to reduce It.
“Unusual attention has been called to Labrador
within the last yoar and this may lead to a change,
When any serious charge Is made now 4 magistrate
ie sent from Newfoundland to attend to it,”

 

 

Bret Harte's Uncenscious Prophecy.

To THe Evrrorn or Tam SUN—Sir: Nearly forty
years ago Bret Harte in one of bis contributions
to the Overland Monthly, entitled “The Rulns of
San Francisco,” commenced In this wise:

“Toward the close of the nineteenth century the
clty of San Fraucisco was totally destroyed by an
earthquake, Although the whole coast line must have
been much shaken, the accident seems to have been
purely local, and even the city of Oakland escaped,”

He bullded better than he knew when he com:
posed tho clever article, and If be had fixed the
date of the catastrophe a fcw years later bie state-
ment would bave been fulllled lmerally

NaW Yous, Ap _ 2h.

>.
pe

 

we could see from our position that she was
busy doing her work of sweeping. 1 again
addressed the ghost:

“Sir Ghost, remove all our doubts and do
favor us again.”

No sooner said than done, Another clod
of earth came down rolling, following the
other two. We were petrified with astonish-
ment. Jt was about 9 in the morning, the
sun was up in the skies, and there was not 6
speck of cloud. And we three saw this before
our eyes inan open field where there were none
bealdea the girl who was sweening the yard,
But no time was allowed us by the good ghort

the merry thing now began to roll down stone

of ita own accord, one after another, in rapl

succession, Then clods and stones began to
fall in the yard which tho girl Was sweeping.
Weran there, and thencommenoed, as It were,
a perfect rain of stones, pleces of burnt brick
and clods of earth. Where did they come
rom? From the skies? Perhaps. Perhaps
not; for some of them struck the mud walle
of the huts horizontally, Of course, we were
afraid of being struck by these missiles, but
luckily we escaped unhurt; but some Were
hurt subsequently, though slightly, For the
fact of this atrange occurrence had gone
abroad, and people were running to the
house from all sides, even fromthe town, which
was about jalf a mile distant tfrom the piace.
The house was thue filled by hundreds of men
in a ghort time.

As Traid, it was broad daylicht, and though
there were hundreds present, noue could
tell whence the stones came, The inmates
ef the house had come back and they were
kept in one place huddled wager as so that
they might play no tricks, But the scene
that presented itself «it was literally hailin
atonos) convinced every one that there Sonld

be no trick at the bottom, the yard wa
aoon filled with these clods, stone®, &o,, anc
they became almost knee deep in a short
time.

But the most wonderful feats performed
hy the ghost yet remain to be told, A bi
plece of stone, welghing over a hundre
pounds (more than a matnd) which {t
would be diMoult for one at rong man tocarry,
was brought out from the bottom of th

well which stood on one side of the yard an
thrown in the yard, A little before this we
had heard a eplashing of water in the well,
and the big atone was brought out and made
to fallin the vard withathud. This so terrt-
fled the alehtseers that while some fled others
took shelter in the huts.

had a notion that the girl was a medium
and it was through her that the ghost was
playing his pranks, This notion | gathered
by obaerving one fact. It was (his: The clods
fell most where the girl stood. 80 I led
her and Gonorl’s wife to the eaatern side of
the house in a field where mustard had been
grown but natnered, It was an open field
filled with clods of earth among which no
doubt the ghost had found some of his missiles,
1 made the girl and the womun sit in the fleld

There they sat and, wonder of wonders, the
clods around them began, as it were, to dance
Thus a olod would rise, say, four or five feet
from the earth and fall down. At times
more than one clod would thus rise up and
fall down. Here, then, we had the seere o

clods of earth in the midat of the fleld dancing
as if they were imbued with life, and thi
at ebout 11 in the day and in the presence f
hundreds, It seemed to me that in the fie
the ghost had not power enough to be able
throw the clods to any distanoe,

The intellectual critic, after he has read
no fur, might exclaim, cui bono? “What do
you prove by the incident?” Well, we have
not done yet; we have yet to reoord more
wonderful doings of this ghost. Indeed,
] succeeded eventually in making ft talk to
me in ita ghostly way.

Yet does not the incident, so far as described
above, prove anything? Does it not prove
that there are more things in earth and heaven
than are ever dreamtiof in our philosophy
and that the scientists have yet much to learnt
It proves that a thing which has no materta
body can pelt stones and can also possess

leams of reason. d not the thing, by
fistening to our request in the beginning
show that it could hear and understand us
Does not the incident of bringing the big
stone from the bottom of the well rere

at it had method In its mad pranks? Bo the
neident, 60 fur us has been desorbed, proves
that thore is no impossibility in aman losing
his body yet retaining his physical powers
and reasoning facultics,

 

Big Ring for His Bride, *

Allentown correspondence PAiladetphia Mecord.

In the show window of 4 local jeweller |s Asplayea
the largest solld gold wedding ring ever brought
to this city. It welghs 284 pennywelghts. The
average wolcht of wedding rings Is only five penny-
weights. The ring was ordered by @ prominent
citizen for a young lady who 1s soon to become
his bride.

 

 

The Begfining.
Knickor—Primitive mey ploughed the earth with
a sharpened stick.
Bocker—-You don't mean to say golf dated back

that far?

 

Immigration,
Knicker—Is he a self-made man?
Bocker—Yos; that is why he wants a tariffon the
imported article

 

For This Rellef Moch Thanks.
lAttle Tommy: -Why~—?

summer, -

to speculate upon what we had witnessed, for «

Pa~—Ask your We baother; be graduates Hua,

 

|

i
|