———

——_

VOL. LXXIIL—NO, 150.

 

 

_

 

 

PRESIDENT ON THE GRIDIRON,

SUBJECT OF SKITS AT THE DIN-
NER OF THE FAMOUS CLUB.

 

Main Piece Wes a Takeoff of the Visit
of the Canal Commission to Panama
-Fun With Secretary Taft, Secretary
y Shaw and Other Prominent Guests.

WASHINGTON, Jan, 27.—-President Roose-
velt, Vice-President Fairbanks, nearly every
member of the Cabinet, foreign Ambassa-
dors and Ministers, many Senators and
Representatives and soores of other men
of prominence from all parta of the country
attended the annual dinner of the Gridiron
Club to-night at the New Willard Hotel.
It was the most elaborate affair that this
organization of Washington correspondents
has engineered sinoe its formation twenty-
one vears ago, Covers were laid for 250.

[he dinner was a Panama Canal affair.

Everything was in keeping with the idea |

that the function was being held on the
Isthmus, The guests were led to the ban-
quet hall through a winding path lined
with palms and other growing plants and
intended to represent the Panama water-
way, while the hall itself was decorated
with tall tropical trees and other things
suggestive of a country nat far from the
equator.

President Roosevelt sat in the centre of
the head table, next to Richard Lee Fearn
of the New York Tribune, the new president
of the elub, to whom the badge of office was
surrendered during the dinner by John M.
Carson, the retiring president. An open
space in front of where President Roosevelt
sat was the “plaza,” and here the several
skits of the evening were performed. The
souvenir of the occasion was an illustrated
-puide of Washington,” in which there were
takeo%s on distinguished guests such as
these

The White House-This is a school for the
education of Senators and Kepresentatives
as to their duty to their country. There is a
gymnasium connected with the institution.
The motto is: “Hit Firat and Frequent."

Strangers visiting the War Department
can see how Secretary Taft holds down his
rob, He its on it,

|

 

 

| and {'ve only got ten minutes to stay.

 

 

witha sketch on the Panama plaza,in which
public men were “gridironed.” One hit
was this:

“Secretary Shaw will stay another year
in the Cabinet, 1 am told.”

“Will he?”

“Oh, yes, he persuaded the President
to peraitadé him to remain.”

Another was this:

“What's this I hear about the President
going to India to hunt big gamo?”

“Don't you believe it. He has good hunt-
ing for big game here for several years to
come.”

The sketch concluded with a topical
song: “How Do You Like Washington?”

The dinner was interspersed with one-
minute skits that helped enliven the oo-
easion, One gridironer appeared with a
telescope, through which he gazed up-
ward,

“At what are you looking?” asked Presi-
dent Fearn.

“I'm observing the canals on Mars,”

“Don’t you know why they are suoh a
sncoess.?”

“No; why are they such a successs?”

“Because there are no transcontinental

| railroads on Mars.”

Another gridironer, carrying a dress
suit case, a hat box and a camera, galloped
in. He was taking notes and pictures
furiously,

“Don't stop me,” he cried, “I've got to
write 20,000 words attacking the canal
I'm
Poultney Bigelow.”

The initiation of two members into the

club was made thé occasion for a take off ,

on the reported intention of President
Morales of Santo Domingo to seek a posi-
tion under the Panama Canal manage-
ment. There were several new songs.
Speeches were made by President Roose-
velt and other prominent guests.

Somo of those present in addition to
President Roosevelt and Vice-President
Fairbanks were the French and Mexican
Ambassadors, the Swiss Minister, Speaker
Cannon, Secretaries Root, Taft and Wilson,
Postmaster-General Cortelyou, Senators
Aldrich, Allison, Brandegee, Carter, Clapp,

Culberson, Dolliver, Dryden, Dubois,
Gallinger, Kittredge, Knox, MeCreary,
Newlands, Nelson, Scott, Spooner and

Warner, former Postmaster-General Charles

Pennaylvania Avenue—Originally intended | Emory Smith of Philadeiphia, Representa-

to separate the Capitol from the White House.
Modern inventions, including the telephone
and Senators Lodge and Knox, have changed
this intention.

When President Roosevelt arrived, just be-
fore 8 o’clock, he was escorted to his place
through the palm lined canal route by mem-

|
|

tives Dwight, Littauer, Towne and Sher-
man of New York, Robert S. McCormick,
Ambassadoy to France; Lieut.-Gen. Bates,
Rear Admi
Samuel L, Clemens (Mark Twain),
Perry Belmont, H. 8S. Black, Robert C.

Clowry, Robert J, Collier, George H. Daniels, |

ters of the club, wearing jumpers and | John W. Gates, Isador Haldenstein, George

panama hats and carrying picks and | Harvey

shovels, This procession was led by the
United States Marine Band, its members
in white duck uniforms, playing popular
airs,

With the serving of the oysters the fun
was begun. The main skit of the evening
was an elaborate take off on the visit of
the Isthmian Canal Commission to Pan-
ama. Indignant over having been kid-
napped and taken to the Isthmus in the
midst of the social season in Washington,
the Canal Commission decided to make
the best of it and proceeded to fix their
salaries and to hire experts under pressure
excited by Gridironer Blythe. Crosby
Noyes, editor of the Washington Evening
Star, served as a district messenger boy in
this skit. After the commissioners had ar-
ranged that they would take “no salaries
andall the perquisites,” and that they would
meet in Newport in summer and Palm Beach
in winter, and had hired a negro typewriter
who could mix mint juleps,a chef, a chauf-
feur, a physical culture professor and a
manicure, they discussed the cost of the
cana).

“Oh, that's a detail,” said one. “Senator
Spooner will pass an amendment any time.”

Applicants for employment who ap-
peared were all “chiefs"—Chief Engineer,
Chief Commissary, Chief Sanitary Officer
and Chief Amusement Provider—and all
wore medals. The Chief Engineer got his
medals for cleaning the streets of Wash-
ington by praying for rain. He was em-
ployed at a salary of $100,000 a year “so
he wouldn't be tempted when somebody
wanted to dig a subway in New York.”
The Chief Commissary had won some of
his medals for furnishing seventy-two

baskets of champagne and six ham aand- |

wiches to a Congress funeral party; the
Chief Sanitary Officer had been rewarded
by the city of Philadelphia for evolving
a scheme for doing away with the dangers
of the water supply by advising the brewer-
ies to double their capacities, and the Chief
Amusement Provider proposed to amuse
the canal workmen by providing checkers,
authors and pingpong, where the news-
paper correspondents could see them,
and faro, roulette and prizefights under
cover. All were engaged.

A canal expert then appeared and pro-
posed his scheme, which was to supply
forty-seven airships, each a mile long,
and build a canal and attach it to the air-
ships, thus providing a level route at proper
elevation, At this point a Gridironer,
somewhat resembling President Roosevelt
and carrying a pick, came on the scene,
ordered the commissioners away and
@nnounced that he would dig the canal
himself. He told how to dig it in a song
called “ Dig, Ye Terriers, Dig.” One verse
informed Senator Nelson, who is a Nor-
Wegian, that “he might have been king
if he'd stayed in Norway until last Spring,”
and another told of how “every morning
at half past 9 the President geta Mr, Shonts
in line.” The chorus was:

Dig, ye terriers, dig,
Mg, ye terriers, dig,
Ye must dig each day in the same old way
With pick and shovel afid horse and dray.
Dig, ye terriers, dig.

In the last verse the refrain was changed
to “It's done, ye terrfers, done,” and at
this point the lights went out and a picture
was displayed of a completed canal with a
canal boat drawn by mules. Secretary
Taft was sitting on the canal boat and
President Roosevelt, with a long white
beard, was driving the mules.

Another skit provided for the decora-
tion of the plaza with the statues of promi-
nent guests, each nominated from some
imaginary State,

Representative Nicholas Longworth was
declared ineligible, because he no longer
lived in “State of Suspense,” but Secre-
lary Taft was accepted from that State,
and made to take his place in the plaza,
and 80 was George W. Boyd of the Penn-
sylvania road, because he had “suspended
the granting of passes.” Speaker Cannon
and Postmaster-General Cortelyou were ac-
Cepted from the State of Expectancy.

Three of the club members made a hit

——

MARDI GRAS, NEW ORLEANS.
nengronally Conducted Tour--Ciuclnnatl, Chatta-
tone Lookout Mountain, Chickamauga, Lexing-
bray New York Central Lines. AL expenses,
Hoan train, $78.00 to $85.00. Write MILTON C.

ae G. P, A,, 1216 Broadway, New York

 

 

 

Robert Mackay,  Brockholst
Mathewson, James Martin, J. H. Maddy,
William D. Murphy, Leonard Reibold,
William H. Reis, Herman Ridder, William
Willoughby Sharp, John A. Sleicher, C. G.
Smith, State Senator F. C. Stevens, Rush
Taggart, C. M. Van Hamm, Merrill Watson
and John J. Walsh, all of New York.

SEEKS RECOGNITION AS WIDOW.
Hester McGarren Sues to Have Marriage
Once Annulled Declared Good.

Proceedings to have her marriage with
a man now dead upheld and the decree of
annulment set aside have been begun in
the Supreme Court*by Mrs. Hester McGar-
ren. Alexander McGarren died at 104 West
122d street on June 25, 1905, and is said to
have left an estate valued at $675,000. The
judgment annulling the marriage was ob-
tained by him on April 1, 1902. Mrs. McGar-
ren declares that she was never served
with the summons in the suit, and also that

the Supreme Court of this State failed to |

recognize a valid divorce obtained by her
first husband, Henry Shuhlein, in Ken-
tucky.

Lawyer Maurice B. Blumenthal, counsel
for Mrs. McGarren, obtained from Justice
Gildersleeve yesterday an order, returnable
next Friday, directing the administrator
of Mr. McGarren’s estate to show cause
before Justice Blanchard why the decree
annulling Mrs. McGarren's marriage should
not be vacated and the marriage held good.

Mrs. McGarren's affidavit says that
in 1901 McGarren took to drink, and
she left him and went to San Francisco,
returning to New York in 1992. The next
year, she says, McGarren got her to return
to him on the plea that he was very ill,

“About this tims,” Mrs. McGarren says,
“I had occasion to visit my attorney, David
McClure. Hoe greeted me as Mrs. McGar-
ren, and then said: “Oh, I forgot. You
are no longer Mrs. McGarren.”

This was the first intimation, Mrs, McGar-
ren says, that she had that MeGarren had
obtained a decree annulling the marriage.
She says that when she asked Mc(ftarren
for an explanation he told her that their
marriage had been illegal and that they
would have to be married again. He told
her, she says, that in New Jersey they could
be married by merely promising to take
each other for husband and wife. They
went to Atlantic City and there pledged
each other as husband and wife. Later
Mrs. McGarren left him again.

AftersMc(iarren's death the effect of the
decree annulling the marriage becam3
known to Mrs. MeGarren when Hanry
McGarren, a second cousin of McGarren’s'
was appointed administrator of the estate
by the Surrogate.

 

NEW COMET DISCOVERED.

Prof. Brooks Finds It in the Northern Part
of the Constellation Hercules.

Geneva, N. Y., Jan. 27.—Dr. William R.
Brooks, director of the Smith Observatory
and professor of astronomy at Hobart
College, discovered another new comet
while sweeping the northeastern heavens
with the large telescope this morning The
comet is in the northern part of the con-
stellation Hercules and the position at dis-
covery was right ascension 16 hours 19
minutes 30 seconds, declination north 47
degrees 10 minutes, with a moderate mo-
tion in a northwest direction. The comet is
bright, telescopic, large and diffused with
considerable central condensation and a
very short tail.

Frequent observations will be made at
the Smith Observatory and elsewhere and
its orbit computed, when the comet's future
developments will ba accurately known,
The announcement of the discovery was
telegraphed to Harvard Observatory early
this morning, and by Harvard has been
cabled to all parts of the globe. This is the
twenty-fifth comet discovered by Prof.

Brooks.

FLORIDA'S FAMOUS TRAINS,
, & Fla, Special,” 2:10 P. M,, “Fla, & West In-
we" O20 A, M, Unexcolled seryloe, via Penn.
& Atlantic Coast Line, 1161 l'way, N. Y. -Ads.

—— ee

ON THE LAKE SHORE LIMITED
there are sleeping cars for St, Louls and Cinetn-
nati, with perfect service, Leaves New York every
day at 5.80 P. M. via New York Central Lines.
No excess fare,—Adr,

 

 

+NEW

1 Bradford, Justice Brewer, |

 

 

 

{0 YEARS FOR YAN SCHAICK,

THE SLOCUM'S CAPTAIN GETS

MAXIMUM PENALTY

For Neglect of Duty in Not Properly Drilling
His Crew—Judge Thomas Makes an
Example of Him—Gets Stay Pending
an Appeal and Goes to the Tomb:.

William H. Van Schaick, who was captain
of the steamer General Slocum, which was
burned in the East River on June 15, 1904,
causing the death of more than 1,000 -e--
sons, was found guilty yesterday of neglect
of duty in not properly drilling his crew for
fire emergencies, and was sentenced by
Judge Thomas in the United States Circuit
Court to serve ten years in Sing Sing at hard
labor. Pending the application for an
appjil a stay for the uaual thirty days
was allowed and Judge Thomas fixgd bail at
$10,009

Capt. Van Schaick'slawyer, Judge Ditten-
hoefer, tried for three hours and a half to
find some one to produce the prisoner's
| bail, but failed and at 4 o'clock United
| States Marshal Henkel conducted the

captain to the Tombs. Capt. Van Schaick
in the meantime sat in the Marshal's office
with hisson, Whenthe Marshal called him
to go to the Tombs the old man arose slowly
from his chair, taking his son's right hand
in both of his, They looked at each other
for several moments and the eyes of the
younger man filled with tears —-though the
elder seemed perfeotly calin.

Capt. Van Schaick was tried on three
| counts. ‘The first was for causing the

death of Michael MeGrann by permitting
| worthless life preservers on the Slocum;
| the second for causing the death of Rachael

Roe under like circumstances, and the third
| charged that as master of the vessel ho
| ad failed to maintain a fire drill and to
| see that the life saving apparatus was up

 

to the standard. The jury disagreed on
the firat and second counts, They were out
just twenty-three minutes.

Shortly after 10 o'clock yesterday Judge
| Thomas began his charge, which was long.
, He laid particular streas on the duty of a
' captain to maintain fire drills and to see

‘that life preservers, life rafts, fire hose |

_and other apparatus were adequate.
crew of a vessel, he mantained, should
| be thoroughly instructed in fire drill at
regular intervals, The law was plain, said
| Judge Thomas, and if the defendant had
failed in his duty he was responsible. Tho
jury was to determine whether life was lost
because there was no fire drill. In con-
cluding bis charge Judge Thomas sald:

“You do your duty and this Court will
do its duty, If you do yours you need not
fear that I will not do mine.”

The jury retired shortly before noon and
Judge Thomas started for his home in
Brooklyn, In less than half an hour a
deputy announced that an agreement on
the thirdcount had been reached, and Judge
| Thomas was called up on the telephone.

He got back at 12:26 o'clock and received

the verdict.
| Capt. Van Schaick was immediately
| called to the bar for sentence, and Judge
! Thomas said;

“You are no ordinary criminal, but I am
going to make an example of you,” and
then he gave him the ten year sentence
which was the limit of the law. Capt.
Van Schaick accepted it without a murmur,
| but his counsel gave notice of his intention
| to appeal for a new trial,

In speaking of the intended appeal Judge

| Dittenhoefer said that it would be based |
mainly on the fact that the Government |

| laws make a distinction between vessels

nav gat ng ocean, bays and gulfs and those |

|

| thse simply navigated rivers. On those
navigating larger bodies of water the law
required all hands to be called to quarters
at regularly stated intervals for instruc-
tion in fire drill, for the cleaning out of life-
boats and other similar duties, but on ves-

was subject to the drills, He believed that
the Slocum came under the head of vessels
| navigating rivers.

Van Schaick made a brief statement as
| he sat in the office of Marshal Henkel yes-
| terday afternoon, He could see no reason
| why the responsibility should have fallen
'on him alone, United States Inspector
| Lundberg had been tried three times and
| the juries had disagreed. He simply hap-
pened to be the one to suffer.
of the Slocum was simply an act of Provi-
Gane he said. He had had fire drills on
the Slocum, but the men had not been long
in service and were not proficient. The
loss of the Slocum and the attendant loss
of life was not the fault of any man, he
believed. “Still,” said he, “I have no re-
sentment toward any one."

 

PUKE ANSWERS HUIS’ WIFE.

Denies Most of Her Allegations—Admits
He Hired Detectives.

TRENTON, N. J., Jan, 27,--James E, Duke
filed an answer in the Court of Chancery to-
day in which he entered a general and
specific denial of the charges in the cross
| bill by which Mrs, Duke met his suit for
| divorce and herself asked for a partial

divorce with alimony on the ground of
| extreme cruelty. After characterizing as
| scandalous, untrue and unverified the alle-
| gations of Mrs, Dire, the answer raisas as
i a legal objection to the cross bill that it
| seeks to join Mr. Duke's action for divorce
' on the ground of adultery with an action
| brought on another ground, Yand is there-
|
|
|

 

fore not sufficient to give the oohrt juris-
diction to grant the relief asked for by Mrs.
Duke. yo

In his answer Mr. Duke makes two quali-
fled admissions to the charges of Mrs. Duke,
One is that he did employ detectives to ascer-
i tain the relations between his wife and
| Frank T. Huntoon, whom Mr, Duke named

as corespondent in his suit, and the other
| that he sought to verify his suspicions

through the former servants of Mra, Duke,
| Mr. Duke declares, however, that he did
|
|
\
{

not have recourse to detectives until he
had himself made discoveries gravely in-
volving Mrs. Duke. He also denies that
any improper influences were used to secure
testimony from the servants.

Specific denials were made by Mr. Duke
to cach of the charges of cruelty made by
his wife and also to the allegation that any
improper relations had existed between him-
| self and his housekeeper, Mary Smith. Ad-
| mitting that his housekeeper had sat at
| the table with Mrs. Duke and himself at
| theirhome near Somerville, Mr. Duke asserts
| that instead of being contrary to the wishes
| of Mra. Duke this was at her direct request.
' He denies that more authority was given
| to the housekeeper than to Mra, Duke and
| that the housekeeper was a low woman,

unfitted to associate with a woman of re-
| finement. Mr. Duke also denies that he

was in the habit of sitting up at night and
drinking with the housekeeper.

ap
Drink ‘Bedford Brereane water when travelling

on "Penn, Special."—Adr,
,

YORK, SUNDAY, JANUARY

The |

sels plying rivers only the permanent crew |

With the consent of his counsel, Capt, |

The loss |

P| Fn iat
a

 

 

| HADLEY THINKS HE'S GOT ‘EM.
Now Belleves He Can Prove That the Stand-
ard Kestrained Trade,

Cnicago, Jan, 27.—“By proving
| I’. A, Turrell, who organized the Republio
! Oil Company, and Louis Turrell, an official
1 of the Standard Oil Company, is the same
| man we shall prove there is a conspiracy
|

 

that

in restrant of competition between those
two companies and the Waters-Pierde com-
pany,” said Attorney-General H. 8. Hadley
of Missouri to-day.

Mr. Hadley is in the city to attend the
founders’ banquet of Northwestern Uni-
versity. He is a graduate of that insti-
tution's law school.

“While I have been in New York and
Cleveland I have gathered evidenoe which
| tends to show that Turrell organized the
| Republic under an assumed namg, I haye
| submitted this evidence to Distriot Attorney
| Jerome of New York. From the evidences
{YI have gathered we will try to prove the

Republio and Waters-Pierce oil companies

were formed by the Standard to crush com-

petition,”

} ConumpBus, Ohlo, Jan, 27,-Attorney-
General Wade Ellis to-day telegraphed to
Attorney-General Hadley of Missouri that
he would meet him in Cleveland next Tues-
day and would be pleased to hear from him
all the testimony he has to the effect that
the Standard Oil Company is the owner of
the Republic Oil Company, with a view of
ousting the trust from Ohio.

COLLEGE GIRLS, WIVES, BABIES.

President of Srtth Wants Collective Sta-
tistics on These Toplos.

NortHaMpTon, Mass., Jan. 27,—In his
annual report President Seelye of Smith
College, after noting the high standard
of health and the fact that the largest num-
ber of invalids is in the entering class, Says:

“To determine how marriages and birth
aro affected by a collegiate education there
should be an extensive comparison between
collegiate and non-collegiate women in
corresponding social and physical condi-
tions.

“Due credit should also be given to the
abundant testimony that the majority
of women improve physically as well as
mentally during their college course.

“The college graduates are better quali-
| fied for wifehood and for motherhood.
They are as ready to wed as other women
when the right man woos them, but many
causes now lead men in active life to post-
pone marriage, and the longer it is post-
poned the less inclined they are to assume
its responsibilities.

“Women cannot take the initiative and
seek husbands, and daughters, in this coun-
try at least, are no longer contracted in
| marriage by their parents.

“Marriages of convenience are not made
as often by college graduates, for they
do not feel obliged to marry in order to
escape poverty or dependence.

‘There are fewer divorces among them.”

 

PAWNED SLAIN. GIRLS WATCH.

Strong Evidence That the Bal(fmore Suse
pect Killed Miss Allinson.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 27.—Harry J.
MeFillin of this city went to Baltimore to-
day and positively identified Rufus John-
gon, the negro suspect under arrest there,
as the man who pawned the goh watch of
Miss Florence W. Allinson, who was mur-
dered in a barn at her home in Moorestown,
N. J., on January 16. MocFillin is employed
as a clerk in a South street pawn shop.
The watch, he says, was pawned on the
evening of the day of the murder.
Miss Allinson’'s watch was stolen with

murder. McFillin recognized the
watch from its description published in
| the newspapers. He gave the watch to
Captain of Detectives Donaghy. Further
identificatipn wes made more complete
by the finding of the watch key ina satchel
carried by the negro suspect,

MoeFillin gave a good description of John-
son to Capt. Humphreys of the Baltimore
police before the pawnbroker's clerk saw
| the suspect, When the negro was brought
| out and confronted by McFillin, he trem-
bled visibly. McFillin instantly identified
him as the negro who had pawned the
watch,

Arrangements are being made to take
Johnson back to Mount Holly for trial.

of the

Wrs, ARTHUR WALKER DAZED,

 

Found In a Cemetery—Conjecture That
| she Was Thrown From Her KRorse.

Mrs. Arthur Walker of Dongan Hills,
Garretsons, Staten Island, was found in a
dazed condition in the Moravian Cemetery
at New Dorp last night. Although she is
one of the most expert horsewomen on the
island, it is believed she was thrown from
her horse while riding and that Hee in a
spunned and bewildered condition she
wandered into the cemetery.

She was able to walk when she was found
and she does not appear to have sustained
any bodily injury.

Mrs. Walker, riding her favorite horse,
a big bay, left home about 5 o'clock yester-
day afternoon.
horse returned riderless
relatives became greatly alarmed.
was at once made and
of the colony joined with the family in
looking for her. ‘The police also were ap-
pealed to for aid. The reserves at Staple-
ton, New Dorp and Tottenville were all
turned out promptly, and about eighty
policemen took part in the search,

home

a woman had been seen riding at top speed.
near the Moravian Cemetery. Her hat
was off and «he appeared to be unable
to restrain the horse, which apparently
was running awav. When the police heard

and there Patrofman Brown found Mra,
Walker sitting on a stone. She was con-

pened to her. He took her home.

not appear to be injured.

and declined to give any information about
his wife. The police think that Mrs. Walker
must have been in the cemetery nearly
three hours hefore she was
Walker is a mining electrician.
is about 80 years of age.

Capt, Crowley of the Stapleton police
says that from what he has learned he
doesn't think Mrs.
injury, ‘The spot where she was found.is
near the tomb of Commodore Vanderbilt.
MARDI GRAS NEW YORK TO NEW OR-

LEANS AND RETURN-637,75,

Via Washington and the Southern
A, & WP, W. of A, andl. & N, RR.
on sale February 21 to 27, ood returning until
March 3, 1908. Extension of Himit Maron 15th can

be had by depositing theket and paying Wo. at
New Orleans. N, Y¥. Oilces, 271 & 1168 Bway.

—Adt.

His wife

 

 

Raliway,
Tickets

 

About two hours later her |
and her |

Search |
many members |

Shortly after 8 o'clock it was learned that |

of this they decided to search the cemetery |

scious, but did not appear to realize where |
she was, and the policeman was unable to |
get any information as to what had hap- {
He says |
she could walk without difficulty and did ,

At the house Mr. Walker was very reticent |

found. Mr ,

Walker received any |

 

 

 

FLASH LIGHT SMASHES GLASS | -

 

EXPLOSION SHATTERS WINDOWS
OPPOSITE GARRICK THEATRE.

 

Photographers Were After a Picture of the
Theatre Crowd, and the Blow-Up
Banged One of Them Through a Door—
Watchman Thought 'Twas Labor Bomb.

A few minutes before the Garrick Theatre
emptied its crowd into West Thirty-fifth
street last night a man and a woman went
up the steps to Miss Mary Bloom's boarding
house at 72 West Thirty-fifth street, al-
most directly across the street from the
theatre, and prepared to take a flash light
picture of the crowd when it came out.
The man held a flash pan, and the woman
got a box camera ready for action.

At 11:05 the theatre crowd began to come
out. The woman poised the camera and
raised her hand as a signal for the man to
touch off the flash, So many extraordinary
things happened immediately that it was
difficult for persons that had been watch-
ing the pair to collect their impressions,

Apparently the flash pan was charged
with something stronger than ordinary
flashlight powder. When the man touched
it off there was an explosion that was heard
for blocks, The man was blown backward
against the door of the boarding house
with euch force that the door gave way
and let him into Mrs. Bloom's vestibule
ina heap. The woman was thrown to the
pavement, The man picked himself up,
grabbed the flash pan and ran to Sixth
avenue, disappearing around the corner.
The woman hurried across the street and
lost herself in the theatre crowd,

In two minutes after the explosion there
were 5,000 excited persons packed in the
street, wondering what on earth had hap-
pened. Mrs. Bloom came out to take stock
of the damage to her house. So did Palmer
Hunt, who lives at 70 West Thirty-fifth
street, and the caretaker for Dr, E, B, Her-
rick at68. They found that twelve windows
in the three houses had been shattered.

There were more broken in the house at
70 than in either of the other two. There
was hardly a whole window glass left in
the basement of Mrs. Bloom's house at
72, and three or four were smashed in the
first floor of Dr. Herrick’s, at 63.

Palmer Hunt is superintendent of special
policemen for the Allied Iron Trades Alli-
ance. He was positive that somebody had
tried to blow him up with a bomb. The
Allied Iron Trades Alliance has a number
of strikes on its hands, Hunt said, and it
was only a few weeks ago that strikers
presumably threw a bomb through a win-
dow of the association's headquarters at
7 East Fourteenth street, which damaged
the building a good deal when it let go.

Pat Manzor, night watchman at the Hotel
Gregorian, saw the queer doings on Mrs.
Bloom's stoop. He said he was sure from
the actions of ‘the man and woman that
they were preparing to take a picture of
the theatre crowd, and that something went
wrong with the flash.

“and sure,” said Pat, “there must have
been dynamite at the very least in the little
pie pan that the male half of the sketch was
holding up.”

A reporter with a hunger for truth thought
the press agent of the Garrick might have
some information. The press agent said
eoldly that nobody at the theatre knew
anything about the explosion until it hap-

 

portera told their papers about the oom-

tuer valuables from her house at the time | motion somebody from the Garrick Theatre |
otuer vail es om bh 1OUSe £

| ealled up THe Sus and described vividly
what had happened,
COLER'S COMMITTEE
Getting Ready to Advise Him as to the
Necds of Brooklyn.

Many members of the advisory committee
of 100 appointed by Borough President Coler
to consult with him concerning the needs
of Brooklyn met in the Brooklyn Borough
Hall yesterday afternoon and elected Mr.
Coler president, Public Works Commis-
sioner Desmond Dunne vice-president
{ and Borough Secretary Adams secretary.
The committea decided to hold their first
public meeting on February 6 in one of the
large courtrooms in the Kings County Court
| House.

OF 100.

 

CAUTIOUS ABOUT INSURANCE,

Colorado Department Sends Long List of
Questions to the Life Companies.

The State Insurance Department of Colo-
rado has rent to all the life companies in
this city a long list of questions. These
' cover most of the abuses disclosed in the
Armstrong committee investigation and the

 

ment the companies’ reports to the Colo-

rado department.
rado department is interesting chiefly be-

 

Sun -

 

|
|

pened, About half an hour before the re- |

| answers, it is said, will be used to supple- |
The action of the Colo- |

cause it illustrates the extraordinary pre- |

, caution which the work of the New York |

State investigators has inspired in’ the

State departments all over the Union.

 

ROBRED OF HER BRATDS.

They Were Clipped Of as She Stood Watch
Ing a Street Faker.
Freda Wagenhein, 12 years old,
watching a faker at the court house plaza
| in Newark last night when she felt two
tugs at her long dark braids which hung
down her’, back. The girl thought that
somebody was teasing her, but when she
\got out of the little crowd her companions
' noticed that somebody had sheared off
‘her braids, cutting one close to the scalp
! and the other three inches from it.

 

 

i TO KILL ANTI-TIP BILL,

; Ohio Walters United Against What They
Call Ruinous Legislation.

Co.umBvus, Ohio, Jan. 27.-The Waiters’
Union is against the anti-tip bill in the
, Ohio Legislature, “Ruinous,” they say.

Tho Columbus brethren met Friday
night and started a lobby. They resolved
against the anti-tip monstrosity and will
call on other waiters of Ohio-—union and
non-union -to help kill the measure.

One plan is to have ali waiters contribute
| their tips for a week to a lobby fund.

mene

PUNCTUALITY
Characterizes the Southern'’s Palm JAnited. Lux
ury, speed and safety make the Southern Ratt
way the favorite roule to St. Augustine, Allen,

Augusta, Ormond, Palm Beach and Mian. New
York Offices, 271 and 1185 Broadway.--Ade.

 

|
|

 

ARIZONA, CALIFORNIA AND MEXICO,
The Sunset Route via Washington,
| Thence Southern Ratlway, Ao & W. P
W. of Ala., L. & N., Sunset Annex Pullman Draw-
| ing roe Sleeping Car. Leave New York Dally
at 4 . M.
| New York OMices, 271 & 1185 B'way,.—Ade.

was |

CHANCE OF WAR SLIGHT.

 

onference on Morocco Likely to Reach
Amioable Conclusion,

Special Cable Despatch to Tum SUN.
Lonpon, Jan. 27.-The week's work at
the Algeciras conference has not furnished
any olear indications of what will be the
outcome when crucial questions arise.
The only point of any significance was a
remark by Count Tattenbaoh-Askold, the
German representative, when Sir Arthur
Nicholson, the British envoy, moved that
the regulations concerning the sale of arms
be issued only on the unanimous recom-
mendation of the diplomatic body at
Tangier.

The German delegate objected to this
on the ground that it was unwise to place
the power of obstructing reform in the hands
of a eingle country. This is precisely the
view that France has urged respecting
her claim to be entrusted with Moroooan
reforms, and this attitude of Count Tatten-
bach may indicate a welcome change of
polioy by Germany.

It may be said in general terms that
fear of war as a result of the Algeciras
conference continues to diminish visibly,
although there is some reason to apprehend
that the deliberations may drag on to an
interminable length.

WOMAN HURT IN THEATRE,

Opera Glasses Dropped From the Balcony
Knock Mrs. Newell Unconscious.

In the third act of “Bedford's Hope®
at the Fourteenth Street Theatre yesterday
afternoon a woman in the first row of the
balcony became excited and dropped her
opera glasses over the railing. They
landed on the head of Mrs. Blanche
Newell of 462 West 147th street.

The blow knocked Mrs. Newell uncon-
scious and she was carried into the foyer
by ushers.

Dr. Pudgen of Jersey City, who was in
the audience, revived her and bandaged
her head, and she went home in a cab.

The woman in the baleony left the theatre
hurriedly, leaving her jacket behind. Few
persons in the audience knew of the ac-
cident.

ELECTRIC

On Sept. 1 of This Year, the New Haven's
General Manager Says.

General Manager Higgins of the New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railftoad
announced yesterday that all passenger
trains between New York and Stamford
will be operated by electricity by Sep-
tember 1, 1906, Work will then be begun
to extend the service to New Haven, and
early in i008 all passenger traffic between
this city and New Hayen will be handled
by electric locomotives. Steam locomo-
tives will handle the freight traffic as at
present.

 

 

TRAINS TO STAMFORD

 

MUSIC PLAYED TO WORKERS,
Cigar Company Thinks Its Hands Will Work
Better and Quicker.

The American Cigar Company, which
employs about 300 hands at the Newark
factory, has employed a pianist to play at
certain hours every day in the main room
of the shop, It is designed as a break in
the monotony of the work and it is believed

that the hands, especially the women, will ,

work better and quicker under the influence
of the music

KING ALFONSO'S WOOING.
Takes Uls Fiancee for a Ride in His Motor
Car,

Special Cable Despatch to TAR SUN
BiaRRITZ, Jan. 27.
here this morning. Shortly afterward he
took Princess Ena in a motor car and rode
across the frontier into Spain. The in-
habitants of Fuenterrabia gave the royal
couple an enthusiastic reception. They
broucht out their ancient blunderbusses
and fowling pieces and fired a feu de joie.
The King and Princess shook hands with

every one they could reach,

The KmMg to-day presented Princess Ena
with a heart shaped pendant set in dia-
monds.

Princess Henry of Battenberg, mother
of Princess Ena, and her daughter will
visit the Queen mother, Maria Christina,
at San Sebastian to-morrow.

LITTLE BARTHOLDI BLAZE,

In a Kitchen Flue, but Hard to Get At

Held Up Broadway Cars.
A blaze in the Hotel Bartholdi, Twenty-
third street and Broadway, caused some

King Alfonso arrived |

excitement yesterday afternoon among the |

guests. It didn't amount to much.
fire was only in a kitchen flue, but it was so
difficult to reach that it took half an hour
to master it and considerable smoke got
into the hotel,

A guest in the dining room first noticed
the smoke.
the dining room floor to get at the fire.
car traffic in Twenty-third street and Broad-
way was held up nearly an hour.

WOMEN FORGERS IDENTIFIED.

Mrs. Bauvier Says They Stole Her Jewelry
and Clothes at Bayside Hotel.

WASHINGTON, Mr, and Mrs.

 

Jan, 27,

The |

The firemen had to cut through |

” Bompay, JANvsRy 28, 1006, "
day; fair to-morrow; fresh north winds |

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MANN ARRESTED FOR PERJURY

ROBERT J. COLLIER ISN'T DROP«
PING THE CASE.

 

 

Colonel Gives $10,000 Rall on the Charge
of Falscly Denying That He 0. K.'d a
Letter From Count Reginald Ward
—Deuel D1—Expected to Be Out Monday

Col. William D. Mann, editor and pubs
lisher of T'own Topics, was arrested in his
office yesterday afternoon on the complaint
of Robert J. Collier, who charges him with
perjury at the trial of Norman Hapgood)
editor of Collier's Woekly. The bewhiskered
Colonel was released on $10,000 bail which
was furnished by his daughter, Mrs. Emma
Mann Wray.

Mr. Collier accuses the Colonel of having
deliberately testified falsely when he denied
that he wrote “O. K., W. D. M.” on a letter |
received by Moses Ellis Wooster, a solicitor
for “Fads and Fancies,” from Count Regl-
nald Ward. The Colonel denied several |
times on the stand that he made the “0. K.9 |
or that the writing was his, This was after |
Charles Stokes Wayne, who was managing
editor of Town Topica, had said that the |
writing was the Colonel’s and Wooster had
testified that he saw Col. Mann write it.

In addition to his other capabilities, the;
Colonel showed yesterday that he is somes |
thing of a prophet. Early in the morning |
he was asked if he was going to publish
Town Topics this week, and he said: “Oh
blazes! How do I know! I may be in fail
At that time Mr. Collier and his counsely
James W. Osborne, were making plans fo# .
Col. Mann's arrest.

They called at the District Attorney's |
office and had a talk with Acting Diatriop
Attorney Nott about 11 o’olock. Mr. Nott
called in Assistant District Attorney Harty

and David N. Carvalho, the handwriting , '

expert, was sent for. He declared that he
believed the Colonel had written the “O. K.)
W. D. M.” Wooster was then summoned
and he swore again, as he had done at the
trial, that he saw Col. Mann write it.

Justice McAvoy of Special Sessions saidy
after an outline of the case had been pree
sented to him, that he would entertain a
complaint. Mr. Collier and Mr, Wooster
made their affidavits, which took some
time. Meantime Col. Mann was sitting in
the Town Topics office surrounded by @&
squad of reporters who were waiting to
see him arrested.

When Justice McAvoy issued his war-
rant Detective Bernard J. Flood hustled
up town to get the Colonel. Miss May Hart~
man, the Colonel’s stenographer, met him.

“Tow do you do?” she said. (She had
seen Flood in Assistant District Attorney
Krotel’s office.) “Won't you come in?”

“Howdy, sergeant,” said Col. Mann, “I
supposo you want me.” ‘

Mrs. Wray, the Colonel's daughter, was
in the office. She sent for her husband,
Albert A. Wray, and the Colonel and Flood
started downtown in an electric hansom.
The Colonel did not question Flood about
the charge against him. He talked on the
situation in the Far Kast.

Justice McAvoy was waiting in chambers
inthe Criminal Courts Building. The Colonel
bustled in. Justice McAvoy read the charge
and Assistant District Attorney Hart in-
formed Col. Mann that he was entitled to
counsel.

“IT deny the charge,” said the Colonel.
“My counsel will be here shortly.”

In a second or two Mr. Wray came in
with Justice Olmsted of Special Sessions.
Justice Olmsted was at the Republican
Club when he was notified that Col) Mann
had been arrested and might need bail,
#O he came downégo the Criminal Courts
Building. Mr. Wray mada formal ples of
not guilty for the Colonel

“T ask for $10,000 bail,” said Mr. Tart
promptly.
“It shouldn't be exorbitant,” said Mr.

Wray. “The Colonel is here, he is going, to
be here, and I hope he'll be here for forty
years more. There is no question of him
goingaway. We don't object to bail We'll
put up any sum, but we don't think it should
be exorbitant.”

“I consider this a very important case,
said Justice MeAvoy. “I think I shal have
to fix $10,900."

Mrs. Wray gave tha bond. She give as
security the property at 3!) to aos W ost
Thirty-eighth strest, whieh is suid to ba

worth $300,000. It is the proparty on which
the new Town Tonics Building is scheduled
to be put up. There is a mortgage of
$165,000 on it—the loan made by the Laywitae
ble Life Assurance Society.

Waiting outside for the Colonel was a
line of photographors. As a matter of fact
some of them had tried to take a flashlight
picture of him in Justice McAvoy’s room,
but the Justice forbade it. As the Colonel
started to walk down stairs he faced the
photographers.

“I've faced worse than that,”

he said

uy | as the flashlights popped.
The damage amounted to about $500. Street |

' Grand Jury

Thomas Bauvier of Bayside, N. Y., arrived |

here this morning to identify Mrs, Fugene
Berger and Elizabeth Ray, her fourteen-
year-ol daughter, who are under arrest
here for aitempting to pass a cheok to
which Senator Depew's name was forged.
It is charged that while Mr, and Mrs,
Bauvier were stopping at a Bayside hotel
the woman and her daughter, who were

| also in Bayside, stole a diamond ring valued

' was announced at the Naval Academy.

SN

at $250 and a trunkful of clothes from Mrs,
Bauvier. Some of the stolen clothes are
said to have been worn by the woman and
her daughter at the time of their arrest.
Mr. and Mrs. Bauvier went to the district
jail this morning and positively identified
Mrs, Berger and her daughter as the persons
who, they allege, stole their jewelry and
clothes.

 

Results of Hazing Trials Announced,

Annapouis, Md, Jan, 27.—The  con-
vietion of one midshipman on the charge

It was rumored that there would bo a
investigation in connection
with Col, Mann's case, but this wis denied.
The hearing on the perjury charge was
adjourned until next Thursday. [t was:
said that in the meantime all the evidence
in the Hapgood trial would be gone over
for the purpose of finding out if any other
charge could be lodged against the Colonel.
It is understood that Mr, Collier is prepared
to fight Col. Mann and Town Topics until
be is convinced he can do nothing more.

It is also said that not one-half of the evi
| denoe the Colliers have was produced at

the Hapgood trial.
The perjury charge grows out of Col,

' Mann's explanation of how Count Ward

of hazing and the acquittal of two others |

The
convietion of Chester A. A. Bloebauum of
St. Charles, Mo., was returned approved
by the Secretary of the Navy, whit the
acquittals in the cases of Claude Banks
Mayo of Columbus, Miss., and Richard
R. Mann of Washington, D. C., both mem-
bers of the first class, was approved by
Admiral Sands.

 

 

 

To Viorlda by
SAVANNAH LINE
4i4 Franklin. Adr

Sc&a. Secure your

u tickets by
Low rates. N y

ew ships. Phone

DEWEY'S OLD PORT FOR INVALIDS,
Will Strengtheu the Werk and Convalescents.

M. T. Dewey & Sons Co,, 188 Fuiton St., New York
—Ads. e

4

4

cams to send him 10,000 shares of Rico
syndicate stock. There was a paragraph
printed in Town Topica several years ago
referring to an “Oscar Wilde scandal cone
cerning a well known Bostonian.” Wayne
identified the paragraph as referring to
Count Ward. After that another para-
graph was printed about Count Ward and
then a more pleasant paragraph. Finally
Wooster went to London and saw Count
Ward. At the Hapgood trial thia letter
was introduced but not received in evi-
dence:

My Dear Wooster: Thanks for yours of
the Sth inst., the contents of which T have
carefully noted, and I am looking forward
with much Interest to the paragraphs to
which you refer. IT wish you Would please
put my name on the regular posting list of
Town Topics, so that L will get it regularly,
if not too much trouble

feel very strong about this proposition,
as Newhouse himself is such a splendid and
~~ i
QUICKEST DAILY FLORIDA TRAIN

fe the Seaboard Fiorida Limited, Two other high |
class trains. Boolsets at ofoe, 118 Broadway. Ades

 

THE RIGHT WAY £0 FLOKIDA, AIKEN AND
AUGUSTA, |

Take the sumptuous Southern's Palm Limited, |
Leave New York at 12:55 P. M. dally, exoept Sunday, |
Two other fast trains dally. New York offices,
371 and 1185 Hroadway.—Ade,.

 

a lat Ta a gn ye ll ne Se am

erence
=
7 we

coemOee