VOL. LXIXVI.—NO. 109.

THE HOUSE DEMANDS PROOF

ASKS THE PRESIDENT TOC SUB-
‘STANTIATE HIS CHARGES

 

 

And Refuses te Adopt Bennet’s Pian of
Modifying Its Resolution—Only Four-
teen Members on Roosevelt's Bide
-Lengwerth Didn't Stay to Vote.

Wasuinoton, Dec. 17.—The House of
Representatives camo back at President
Roosevelt to-day for the insinuations con<
tained in his annual message that Con-
tess had refused to permit an extension

_ 8 the activities of the secret service
because Congressmen were themselves
afraid of being investigated. The action
taken by the House differed in the course
of procedure outlined from that taken
by the Senate yesterday, but the under-
lying principle of the attitude assumed by
‘thoth branches of the national) Legislature
isthe same. In the Senate it was deter-
mined to have the Committee on Appro-
priations make an investigation of the

t's strictures. In the House a
résolution was adopted which said in
effect to the President,

“You have insinuated that we are a lot
of criminals who are afraid of investiga-
tion; now we ask you to turn on the light
in order that the country may see what
evidence you have to sustain your sen-
tional charge.”

|

 

‘

 

 

+ NEW YORK, FRIDAY, DECE

of the House and the committee saw no
reason for using that phrase in this case.
Mr. Williams and Mr. Perking united
in the statement that the committee could
not find a sdintilla of evidence to aupport
the President's assertion and that the
committee believed it to be fair to the
President to ask him to submit any evi-
dence he might possess to jystify his
statement,

Mr. Bennet, who objected to having the
preamble state that “the plain meaning”
of the President's words was that a ma-
jority of the members of Congress were
afraid of being investigated, asked for a
separate vote on the adoption of this seo-
tion of the preamble. Nearly the whole
body of members rose to their feet in re-
sponse to the call of the Speaker for those
who wanted the preamble adopted with-
out change to make it known by rising.
When he saw the overwhelming foroe
against him Mr. Bennet withdrew his
demand for a division, but Mr. Williams
objected and the count of standing mem-
bere proceeded. The vote was 270 to 14
against changing the preamble.

It is now up to President Roosevelt to
furnish the House with the information
upon which he based his assertions that
reflected upon the integrity of members
of the House. Just what he will do has
not been disclosed, but if he should refuse
to comply with the terms of the resolution
on the ground that it would not be com-
patible with the public interests to fur-
nish information tending to incriminate

-@

TAFT AT THE WHITE HOUSE

MAKES A HURRIED VISIT AT
°  PRESIDENT'S REQUEST.

Distussed Panama Canal Scandal and His
Coming Trip to the Isthmos—He Will
Be Accompanied by a Party of Engi-
neers Whe Will Examine Canal Work.

Wasntnaton, Dec. 17.—Willlam H.
Taft paid a hurried visit to President
Roosevelt to-day. He arrived in Wash-
ington at 1:33 o'clock this afternoon from
New York anda little more than two
hours later resumed his journey to Au~-
gusta, Ga. Mr. Taft, who was acoom-
panied by his brother, Charles P. Taft,
was driven rapidly to the White House
in a taxicab, arriving in time to take lunch-
eon with the President. He said that he
had changed his plans at Mr. Roosevelt's
request and that he had come here to
have a talk about Panama Canal matters.
The President telephoned to him in New
York last night. Before receiving the
telephone message Judge Taft had ex-
pected to take a later train from New
York and spend this evening at the White
House. It was agreed that it would be
better to take an earlier train and have

members of Congress the Senate Com-/a day conference, since the President
mittee on Appropriations will go ahead | wii] be engaged by the Cabinet dinner

just the same with its investigation to
determine what there was, if anything,
behind the President's allegations. The

at the White House this evening.
Judge Taft remained at the White House

1¢ was a vote almost unanimous by | Senate committee will not undertake its | exactly two hours. At 3:45 o'clock Gen. |

which the House adopted its resolution. | investigation until the reassembling of|J. Franklin Bell, Chief of the General
Only one member voted in the negative. | Congress after the Christmas holidays.

He was Representative Howland of Ohio,
‘who said later that he believed with the
President that the secret service should
have all the money it wanted to make in-

vestigations.
Prior to the adoption of the resolution

 

BRITISH FLEET TO PAN A? “yi
AMA ? | Gen. Clarence R. Edwards drove to the the sources of the city’s supply of oysters

 

: re Ris hh SON W, o
O . J Pe B Re .
ee aA ee)
saa a) h >_> —_— sie
eT i? Seat ee

 

Postmasters Are Directed This Year to
Send Them to the Dead Letter Omice.

WasHrnoton, Dec 17,—Postmasters

will not be permitted this year to handle |

letters addressed to Santa Claus, but in-
stead will deliver them to the Dead Letter
Office at Washington.

Postmaster-General Meyer to-day an-
nounced that he would not renew his
order issued in December, 1907, permit-
ting delivery to charitable organizations
of letters addressed to Santa Claus. The
period during which such letters could be
delivered under the order expired on
January 1, 1908, and many inquiries have
been received during the last month as
to whether the privilege would be renewed.

At the same time complainfs have been
made to the Postmaster-General by: many
charitable organizations that owing to
the large number of such letters taken
by the various charities while the order
was in foroe it was not possible to in-
vestigate each case and that the presents
given out fell into the hands of unworthy’
persons. The practice is also objected
to on the ground that it tends to make
beggars of children.

The Department estimates that between
75,000 and 100,000 letters are addressed
each year by obildren to Santa Claus.
The letters are usually written by the
|children of very poor parents and in
nearly every case are deposited in letter
boxes ,without postage.

SAYVILLE OYSTERS O K.

| If Others Are Net They Wil? Be Forbidden
the City.

» Dr. Darlington said yesterday that in

view of the statement made recently

that several cases of typhoid fever had

 

Staff of thé army, arrived at the White | heen traced to oysters the Department of
House in a big touring car and he and /ffeaith had begun an investigation of

Rumors on the Isthmus That 80 Warships | UDion station with Mr. Taft, who left | and of the methods of fattening the

Will Make a Visit in January.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.
PanaMa, Dec. 17.—Persistent rumors

there was a rising vote on a motion of! are current here that a British flying
Representative Bennet of New York to) squadron of thirty warships, their officers

amend the preamble so as to insert the
phrase “in the opinion of your cbmmit-
tee” ina clause which declared that “the
plain meaning of the above words [the
President's words) is that the majority
of the Congressmen were in fear of being
investigated.” The rising vote disclosed
that of 284 members counted only four-
teen were in favor of putting in the quali-
fying phrase suggested by Mr. Bennet.
These fourteen were Bennet and Parsons
of New York. Murdock and Madison of
Kansas, Hepburn of Iowa, Louden and
Wilson of Iinois, Douglass and Howland
of Ohio, Nelson of Wisconsin, Pollard of
Nebraska, Washburn of Massachusetts,

When the call for a division was made on

ame back before.
was

  
 

‘>. itet@atot known whether he was

; in the negative.

- Phe résolution adopted by the House
was reported by the select committee
_ to which that portion of the President's
miessage relating to the secret #ervice
was referred. Representative James
Breck Perkine of the Rochester, N. Y.,
district brought in the report as chair-
man of the select committee. Nearly
every member of the House was in his
seat when Mr. Perkins was recognized,
for it had been expected that his commit-
tee would make a report to-day. The
preamble and resolution presented by Mr.
Perkins was as follows:

' Whereas there was contained in the
qundry civil appropriation bill which
passed Congress at its last session and
became a law a provision in reference to
the employment of the secret service in
Department; and

Whereas in the last annual measage of
the President of the United States to the
two houses of Congress it was stated in
reference to that provision: “It is not too
much to say that this amendment has been
of venefit only, and could be of benefit
oply, to the criminal classes,” and it was
furtber stated, “the chief argument in
f¢vor of the provision was that Congress-
men did not themselves wish to be invgsti-
gated by secret service men,” and it was
further stated, “but if this is not considered
desirable a special exception could be made
in the law, prohibiting the use of the secret
service force in investigating members of
Congress. 1t would be far better to do this
than to do what actually was done, and
strive to prevent or at least to hamper
effective action against criminals by the
exécutivé branch of the Government”; and

Whereas the plain meaning of the above
words is that the majority of the Congrese-
mon were in fear of being investigated by
secret service men, and that Congress as a
whole was actuated by that motive in enact-
ing the provision in question; and

Whereas your committee appointed to
consider these statements of the President
and to report to the House gannot find in
the hearings before committees, sor in the
records of the House or Senate, any justifi-
cation of this impeachment of the honor
and integrity of the Congress; and
) Whereas your committee would pre-
fer in order to make an intelligent and
comprehensive report, just to the Presi-
dent as well as to Congress, to havg all the
information which the President may have
io communicate; now therefore be it

Resolved, That the President be re-
auested to transmit to the House any evi-
dence upon which he based his statements
that the “chief argument in favor of the
provision was that the Congressmen did not
themselves wish to be investigated by
eécrét service mén,” and also transmit to
| the House any evidence connecting any

member of the House of Representatives

of the Sixtieth Congress with corrupt legis-
Jation in his official capacity and to inform
the House whether he has instituted pro-
ceedings for the punishment of any such
individual by the courts or has reported any
such alleged delinquencies to the House of
Representatives.

In presenting the resolution Mr Per-
kins briefly outlined ita features and
joined with John Sharp Williams of Mis-

 

'
1

at 4:10 for the South |

Charles P. Taft did not join the Presi- |

dent and his brother at luncheon but |

product. P
A large part of the oysters consumed
in New York’ come from three places—

went over to the War Department and | gavville, EL. 1, C . A
had a talk with Secretary of War Wright |Tynn Haven, tog eae diesel,

and Gen. Clarence R. Edwards. After

| and crews numbering 20,000 men, will | the luncheon Mr. Taft went to the White
arrive here about the middle of January | House, where he joined the conference

Heyes of Califorpia and Davis of Minne- | Jacob
- pote. |

and remain several days.
The rumors are exciting considerable

i

 

between the President and Judge Taft.
The matters discussed related chiefly
to the so-called}/Panama scandal, which

interest. The cruiser Shearwater, which | has sought to involve Charles P. Taft,

arrived here at the same time as the Ameri-

William Nelson Cromwell and others,

| chief sanitary officer of the department,

has personally examined the Sayville
beds. He found that the oysters are
fattened in the bay on protected floats
and not in creeks. Oysters go fattened,
Dr. Bensel says, are absolutely safe,
as it is the oysters fattened in the smal!
streams that become dangerous from

can squadron, is the firet British warship | but there was some talk also regarding leating satayse.

to visit Panama in many months. If the
British ships come here they will receive
a hearty welcome from the officials and
people of Panama.

PIANO FIRM SHY $40,000.

Bros. Accuse Frederick Kann
of Larceny and Forgery.

Frederick Kann, formerly secretary

 

Mr. Bennet's motion Representative Nich- | and treasurer of the Apollo Piano Player
olas Longworth of Ohio, President Roose- | Company,at 102 West Thirty-eighth street,
velt’s son-in-law, left the House. He | was arrested last night at his home, 547
the count of standing | Wept 142d street, and locked up at Police

completed, but as no record | Headquarters cttarged with the larceny
‘Kept of the names of those voting | of $595 and forgery. The complainant is
. included | C. Albert Jacob of 597 West, End avenue,
in the count. If he was: included he was|a member of the piano manufacturing

firm of Jacob Bros

Louis Lowenstein, Mr. Jacob's counsel,
eaid that three years ago Kann was hired
by Mr éacob as agent to sell the Apollo
piano player. He was put in charge of
the concern and a contract was entered
into by Jacob Bros, and the Apollo
company amounting to about $400,000 a
year. Jacob Bros. practically financed
the Apollo company and consigned to
them piano players, which the company
then sold, the Apollo company putting
up ample security.

Recently, the lawyer said the Apollo
company went into bankruptcy end e
receiver was appointed. The receiver
found that the books and stock of the
concern did not agree by between $40,000
and $50,000

“We succeeded in tracing one of the
piano players to aman named A. Freund
at 350 Third avenue,” said Mr. Lowen-
stein. “According to Kann’s books this
man had a player on trial, but he said he
owned it He showed us a check for $585
dated a year back and indoreed by Kann
and a guarantee signed by Kann This
is the specific charge of larceny we make
against him. It is also the basis of our
charge of forgery, but the loss to the
Apollo company will be between $40,900
and $50,000. This amount, we assert,
has been taken by Kann, whovhas entered
on his books as on triai piano players
which have actually been sold.”

Kann denied the charge and said that
the money had been spent in edvertising.

BARGE CANAL ROMANCE.

 

Engineer Hendricks Weds the Girl He | take several experts to give him inde-| that the bridge was open until the car | looked around for the man who said that

Rescued Froin Death.

Fort Puan, ‘N. Y¥., Dec. 17.—Miss Anne
Adams Muench of Philadelphia and
Ernest D. Hendricks of Kingston, N. Ys,
were married to-day in All Saints Epis-
copal Church in Albany. Mr. Hendricks
is a civil engineer, a graduate of Cornell,
and for several months has been located
here as assistant to the engineer for the
State on a big contract connectei with
the barge canal.

While wandering about a wild section
bordering the Mohawk River a few months
ago Miss Muench fell over an émbank-
ment almost perpendicular and danger-
ously high, with ragged rocks at the bot-
tom Half way down her fall was stopped
by a sapling, and to this she clung. Mr,

Hendricks heard her cries for help and|OLD WORLD FEAR UPON HIM. |

rescued her, and so they were married.

LACK OF WATER AT BIG FIRE,

More Comes at a Chief's insistent Call,
but $100,000 Damage Is Done.
Low pressure was blamed for allowing

|

 

 

 

a fire to spread which started in the five |

story factory building of Lowshick Bros.
Manufacturing Company, at 400 and 402
South Second street, Williamsburg, last
night. Deputy Chief Lally was there early
and he caused a fourth alarm to be sent

sissippi, the ranking Democratic member jj, The blaze made a bright light and the

of the select committee, in the hope that
it would be passed without debate
| Then Representative J. Warren Kiefer

of Ohio wanted to know. why the request fi
to the President to transmit any informa- the

tion he had that reflected upon Congress-
men had not been qualified by the cus-
tomary words, *if not incompatible with
the public interests.” ‘

To this Mr, Williams responded that

 

|

ple in the tenement houses near by | and now refused to leave his bed and get

1urried into the streets.

Th

re spread to the five story building of

esiey Haff Storage Com

Jone th Second street.
t 8 uu 0 .
t Chief Lally was 8o displeased with the
water pressure that he ordered an inspeo-
tor to call up the Ridgewood pumping

he could corceive of nothing higher or | station. A few minutes later the pressure

important than

IDA, CUBA, SOUTH.

925 A. wane eae P. M. Unesoelied peevice vie

more the reputation

 

r end tic Coast eR. R. THAR
Florida Teformeiion tee. Bway, cor, Sth St. | Florids
Ags. Seaboard

icked up and the fire was controlled.
picked ratty estimated the damage at
$100,000. ~

 

fourth and fifth floors of the Low- |
hick building were soon gutted and the | all his life?” asked'the Magistrate

|

ny at 405 | country
Hewes street and to the fifth floor of the | and his antics were due to his belief that |
Wallace Tin Company factory | he would get the same treatment here

|
|

the plans for Judge Taft's trip to the
Isthmus next month. No statement was |
made afterward in regard to the charges |
of improper transactions at the time the |
American Government purchased
canal right of way.

As to the coming trip to the Isthmus
it was learned that Judge Taft will be ac- |
companiéd by a number of engineers of
high standing selected from private life.
These engineers will be asked to make}
a thorough investigation of the engineer- |
ing features of the canal, with a view to |

the |

Dr. Bense!l is also going to Lynn Haven
and Russell Raynor, chief sanitary in-
spector, will go to Cape Cod. The beds

{in both places and the methods of fatten-
jing will be examined. The Department
[ Health will bar from the city oysters

that are found to have been raised in an
unsamMtary manner.

CORNMAN'S TRIAL.
....

COL.

\
Gen. Bell's Seathing Criticism in His
Indersement on the Record.

 

LETTERS TO SANTA-CLAUS.

answering any criticisms that have been; wasmmaton, Dec. 17.—Major-Gen. J

SAtGIL chats: work, sconminy de or- [UR ne: Cnet ot Sane ot ie brsar.
penditures, soundness of structural plans Daniel Faraais Beventis letasie
and all other matters of kindred interest. | hi, indorsement on the record of Col.
Judge Taft and the commission of engi-| Gornnian’s trial at Fort Wayne. recently
neers will sail from Charleston, 5. C.. | on charges of neglect of duty in connec-
late next month on a vessel of the United | tion with improper practices of the post
Fee tt a ocianetee aiototet sy | quareersneorae in issuing forage Gen.
President Roosevelt that the results of | athe record. of (etal ances that. Col
this visit will form a complete answer | Gornman si y
gnally failed in the perform-

to all criticisms that have been uttered ance of his cuties as post commander
en sie Glin Radon be rine | As a result of such failure public prop-,
‘ MY \erty to a considerable value has been

seers under the direction of Col. | appropriated to unlawful uses and just
Goet e 4 . and well founded reproach hag been cast
mako any statement. in regard. to, the | (oor thts ae the pein weeend
withdrawal of his offer to appoint Theo- | pager seni a 02 a ares FOSS
dore E. Burton of Ohio as Secretary of | highest rank and broadest experience
the Treasury in his Cabinet. If the Ohio | is a sufficient refutation of the unsub-
Seow as malig unr, man eferon Ua he deplores prac.

e nent, | tices whic ve ou! Oo ex

Taft and Charles P. Taft this afternoon | at Fort Wayne prevailed, or would have

the fact could not be learned. |
Mr. Taft will be joined’ by Mrs. Taft |
at Spray, N. C,, where she is visiting,
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va., Dec. 17.—Mr. |
Taft passed through here at 5 o'clock this
evening on his way to Augusta, Ga. He |
gaid that his conference with President

been tolerated, elsewhere in the mili-
tary establishment.”

4UTOMOBILE IN RIVER.

The Dra woridge Was Open and Two Men
Are Dead.

| yia Pennsylvania Railroad, December 28, $12 or | Wash.”

Roosevelt this afternoon had to do chiefly’ Muinwauksr, Wis., Dec. 17.—An auto-
with his proposed trip to Panama. It was | mobile containing three men dashed into
decided among other things, he said, that | the open draw of the Oneida street bridge
two cruisers should make the: trip to the early to-day and went to the bottom of
Isthmus. The apprehension that has been | the river, carrying two of the occupants
expresaad by Mr. Taft's friends for his | to their death. A third was rescued with
safety has led to the adoption of this | difficulty and is at the Emergency Hos-
precaution. Mr. Taft said that the two! pital. The dead are Oscar Z. Bartlett,
vessels would eail from Charleston, 8. C., | member of the board of trade, and Albert
on January 25 . | Kunz, chauffeur. The car approached
- Mr. Taft also discussed with the Presi- | the bridge from the east, coming down the
dent the personnel of the party that will | Oneida street hill at-high speed.

accompany .him to the Isthmus. He will The driver apparently did not notice

FREIGHTER HITS FERRYBOAT

BOTH BADLY ‘TOVE IN-THE
FREIGHTER BEACHED.

 

 

 

Passengers on the Steinway Not Injured,
but They Were Seared—Deckhands

\ on (he Marton Hart by shifting Cargo
~-Accident Occurred Near Heli Gate.

Three hundred passengera on the
Astoria ferryboat Steinway and the crew
of the freighter Marion of the Norwalk
line were in peril last night when the
Marion crashed into the Steinway as the
latter was leaving her slip for Manhattan-

Both vessels were badly damaged, but
only the Marion was injured below the
water line. Capt. Cameron beached her
at the foot of Jamaica avenue, Astoria,
when it was seen that she was rapidly
filling. The passengers on the Steinway
were uninjured, but a half dozen deck-
hands on:the Marion were more or lees
hurt.

The Marion left her pier at Catherine
Blip with a full cargo of miscellaneous
freight and a orew of sixteen under
Capt.Cameron. She was bound for South
Norwalk, After she had gone through
Hell Gate she encountered a heavy ebb
tide, which got so strong that when the
steamer was passing the ferry slip at
Astoria the tide turned the bow around
and sent the Marion into the starboard
bow of the Steinway.

The lighter Ethelridge of the’ Werner
Lighterage Company was moored on the
port side of the Steinway. The fétryboat
was driven into the lighter with such force
that the women’s cabin was stove in above
the water line. Capf. Allen of the Stein-
way then quickly reversed his engines
and sent the ferryboat back into her dock.

The ferryboat deckhands had gone
among the rs when they felt
the shook of the first collision and assured
them that the ferryboat was so near her
slip that no one was in dangér. The
women passengers became exceedingly
nervous, ially when the second shook
of the collfRion with the lighter was felt.
They were back in the slip before they
could. become thoroughly alarmed.

After the Marion had bumped into the
Steinway she in turn wes thrown with
great force against the bulkhead of thé
dock beyond the ferry slip. She struck
the bulkhead such a powerful blow that
the water rushed into a big hole on her
starboard bow The blow also caused a
great shifting of freight on the Marion.
which caused injuries to deckhands
John Donovan and John Mahoney. Ma-
honey got a lacerated and dislocated
hip, and Donovan sustained scalp wounds.

dohn Shea, another deckhand, tried to
jump to the dock when he saw the water
pouring im and had his ankle dislocated.
He was attended by Dr. Platt of Astoria,
while Mahoney and Donovan came to
e hospital in Manhattan. 4

The Steinway was jaid up and another
boat sent out in her p!ace. Her damage
was estimated at $700, while the injury
to the Marion was sad to be about
$5,000,

A police launch from Harbor Squad
B at the foot of East 120th street was
cruis ng in the neighborhood at the time
and made the Marion at once. The in-
jured deckhands were taken aboard the
launch.

VANDERBILT VEXATIONS.

Alfred's Coachman Arrested fer Backing
and Chaaffenr for Going Ahead.

~ Alfred Vanderbilt's coachman was ar-

rested in Long Acre Square last night for

blocking traffic. Earliet in the @vening

his chauffeur was arrested on Riverside

Drive for rapid driving.

The capture of the coachman, Thomas
Wilson, took place in front of the New
York Theatre, where he had an opera bus
backed wp against the curb. His,passen-
gers were Alfred and Reginald Vander-
bilt and three women. ‘To Traffic Police-
man Galvin, who told him he was break-
ing the law of the road, Wilson explained
that Alfred Vanderbilt had ordered the
manewuvre. A man came out of the
theatre and shouted to the policeman to
let the bus back up, that the Vanderbilts
were in it.

“I don’t care who is in it.” the policeman |
said. “It's against the rules ofgtraffic.”

“Back up!" shouted the man. “I’madeputy
Sheriff, and my authority is higher than
that of the policeman. If he troubles
youl'llarrest him.” |

Wilsog then backed up and was arrested,
The party got to the sidewalk without
wading through slush. The policeman

 

Sse
a eee

 

4

 

BS AT LOS ANGELES.

M

 

BO!

Knabenshue Drops Harmles: Ones at
Night From His Airship.

Los ANGELES, Dec. 17.—To demon-
strate how easily a hostileforce equipped
with a fleet of airships might destroy an
American city, Roy Knabenshue to-
night circled over Los Angeles in his dirigi-
ble balloon and from the darkness dropped
harmless bombs on the roofs of the City
Hall, the Court House and other public
buildings.

Neithet Knabenshue nor his craft could
be seen from the street. the only intima-
tion of his whereabouts coming from the
bombs which took fire as they fell.

 

SKY DARKENED BY GULLS

That Pursued the Fishing Boate Up to
a the Battery.

The. greatest flock of gulls seen in this
neighborhood in many years clouded the
aky off the Battery yesterday afternoon
and set even the veteran boatmen agape.
Some guessers estimated that there were
5,000 birds in the flock. They had been
lured all the way from the Hook by the
fishing steamboat Arion, whose anglers
were cleaning ling as she proceeded.
The gulls swooped down on the cleanings
and fought one another for them until
the water was churned into white caps.
The fishermen enjoyed the spectacle,
and many who had intended to clean their
fish at home decided for the sake of the
spectacle to do it aboard the Arion.

When the steamboat .tied 1p at the
Battery the gulls left her and headed

bayward. They settled near the west | that he has picked out big men: for.

|

fishermen were also cleaning théir ling. lig one of the places which are

side of Governors Island and waited for
the next fishing boat, the Majestic, whose

< perpay, Daceicemn 16,

Rain or snow to-day

increasing baa 4
¥

re

   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 

fy wines becoming

able.

PRICE TWO CEN q
KHOX, SECRETARY OF STAR

TAFT OFFERS HIM THE PO
FOLIO AND HE ACCEPTS,

 

Kelloggs Described as Out of the
for Attorney-General and
Hoyt Is Talked Of—Cabinet
to Be New Throughout, or,

Wasutinaton, Déc. 17.— ;
Knox, United States Senator from 1
sylvania, has been asked by Willig
Taft to become Secretary of State
Taft's Cabinet and he has ¢ rt
serve. Mr. Knox's acceptance wae Given
somewhat reluctantly, as he @& low
that his mbilities could be utilized |
in the national legislature than # ee
executive Government. It is reatlees
those who, are acquainted with the
cumstances that Mr. Knox in agree
take the foreign affairs portfolio is
@ great sacrifice of personal f
According to what is said here he festa,
however, that if Mr. Taft believes hint
to.be the right man for this high
important office it is his duty to oot
with Mr. Taft's desires, Mr. Kiaoy
term in the Senate will expire in
191,
Ainong the comparatively few >
know of Mr. Taft's offer and Mr.
decision much gratification is express
that Mr. Taft is showing @ disposition }
form a strong Cabinet. It is underst

Cabinet positions and is hopeful of
themtoserve. The Attorney-G

They repeated the performance and then | tentatively filled, Frank B. Kellog,

sailed off down the bay.
AN INCH OF !: NOW.
—_———_—_—-

A Thin Ceating of Winter spread Cver
These Parts.

A fall of snow too slight to be recorded

fall began shortly before 6 o'clock and
kept up a hesitating flurry most’of the
night. The temperature was only slightly
above freezing and itwas a tossup whether
it should keep on snowing or rain. The
wdather man guessed rain. The snow

flurry was mostly confined to the East/in January to be United States &
and the upper-Lake region and was not/|he will retire from President Roose’

widespread.
There was an inch of snow at midnight,
with signs of more.

THE KAISER A TEETOTALLER

And Has Invented 2 ‘‘Soft'' Drink That
Fizzés—The Latest Yarn.
Special Cable Despaich to 'THE SUN

Lonpon, Dec 18-—-The Perlin  cor-
respondent of the Express contributes
the latest of the many yarns current since
the Kaiser's seclusion. Itsis that his
Majesty has become aectotaller. having
pledged himself to abstain from all alco-
holic drinks for the remainder of his life |

This is described as “a further step
in bis policy of personal reform” It is
added that as etiquette in consequence
of his Majesty not touching alcohol
would banish alcoholic drinks from all
the dinners his Majesty attends, he not
desiring to compel the courtiers to follow
his example has invented a temperance
beverage which effervesces like cham-
pagne and which is served in champagne
bottles which his Mafesty drinks while
the others enjoy the real thing

As the Kaiser always has had the repu-
tation of being very temperate, the story
if true points to his action being taken
because of his heaith or because of as-
ceticism. ’

 

BALLOON'S CAPTIVE,

A

Up Feet First.

Krnastow, N. Y., Deo. 17.—The jury in
the case of Mrs. Mary 8. Roper of 200
Cornelia street, Brooklyn, who sued the
Agricultural Society of Ulster County for
$25,000 damages because she was carried
up fo a balloon at the Ellenville fair,
brought in a verdict of $1,000 and no
costs this morning in the Supreme Court.

On the afternoon of August 30, 1906, Mrs,
Roper's foot was entanglad in the anchor
rope of a balloon’ and she was carried sky-
ward in an inverted and uncomfortable
position in the presence of more than 5,000
persons.

NEW CHAPERONAGE RULES.

Wellesiey, Girls Must Come Rack From
\ , Boston Early.

WELLESLEY, Mass., Dec.

 

17.—When

pendent advice on any question he may ! was within twenty feet of it. Kunz then |he was a deputy Sheriff, but he had | the midwinter term at Wellesley College

desire to ask. Among the experts who | made a frantic effort to avoid the river,
will acoompany him are Alfred Noble of | but succeeded in turning the car only
the Pennsylvania Railroad and Frederick ; as far as the ourb, where it bounded into
P, Stearns of Boston. The others have ‘the air, turried a somersault between
not been selected yet the dock and the centre pier of the bridge
With Mr. Taft on his trip South are his and hurled the occupants into the river.
two sons, Robert and Charlie. Mrs. Taft | Kunz was pinned under the automobile
will join the party late to-night at Spray, | and is still at the bottom of the river
N. C., where she has been visiting for a |
day orso. On the train also were Horace | BRYAN LOOKS TO\MARCH 4TH

r ——
D. Taft of Watertown, Conn., brother of When the Whife House Messages WI) Be

the President-elect, and his wife. They | d “i

are on the way to Florida for the halidass j Free From Billingegate.

Senator Tillman aleo boarded the train | LINCOLN, Neb., Deo 17.—Commenting

at Washington. He had an hour's talk | UPON the message to Congress to which

with Mr. Taft in the course of the evening. | members of that body vigorously object,
ae |Mr. Bryan says in to-morrow's Com-

moner.

“It must be admitted that the language
|employed by Mr. Roosevelt was uncalled
{for and onbecoming to a President's

. {message. But Mr. Roosevelt is not—

When Nissin Ades, an Arabian pedier, | and we say it in the best of spirit—famous
was arrested on a charge of having stolen |for his good manners. His chief boast
a diamond brooch from Eli Mansour of ‘is that he is the apostle of the isle

Jefferson street he apparently went | ;
‘eiane. They examined ia in Bellevue | deal,’ and yet on many notable occasions

ihe has been guilty of cruel injustice in
Hospital and only yesterday learned what ;
the trouble was | dealing with his fellowa

Yesterday afternoon Detective Burke “He has needlessly and wentonly in-\)

appeared before Magistrate Droege in sulted many individuals, and although |

|
the public has borne this shortodmin
Essex Market court and said that Ades | patiently it is plain they are now growing
not eaten anything in three days | weary. While the indignation of Con-

gressmen is excusable they will, the Com-
|ynoner believes, do well to ignore the
t to live in the hospital | insult put Reto them. “Mr. Roosevelt |
| will retire within a few months and there-
Burke explained that Ades came from a | after White House messages will at least
where they branded criminats| be free from billingsgate oA +
ant wo

“Con has more im
to do than the resenting of insults, The |

 

 

Syrian Accused of Theft Frantic Because
He Expects Branding.

dr ;
“Does he ex

“Well, I'll adjourn the case,” said; Panama Canal for instance needs a)
Magistrate Droege | searobing investigation. Indeed the Ad- |
sy ministration’s strongest friends should |

e’ll get him here if we have to carry
m,” replied Burke |

bi
Ades has $1,800 in a bank.

be foremost in demanding this inquiry |
and foremost also in peeing to it that the |
investigation is of such a character as |
| to avoln all possible suspicion of a white- |

eee

HOLIDAY TOUR TO WASHINGTON

 

Sees 14,50 covers necessary expeuses for three days, | >
IND U according to hotel ealected. Consult ticket Haan's Restaurant, Park Row Bids. |
ere im irming Cre LV} “4 C: Studds E. P. A. 28 Fifth avenue, | ¢ famous for culsine and ecrvice. weer
Air Line. 1183 B'way. cor. 28th 6t.—Ady. | New Yur®.—-Ade. | Ade.

\crime. It is

disa red. : |

Magistrate Walsh discharged the pris-
oner in the night court “not because
you are Vanderbilt’s coachman but be-
cause you were obeying orders in backing
up. Next time pay attention to the
policeman.”

Ecinger, “was arrested on Riverside |
Drive at Seventy-ninth street for
going at the rate of twenty-two and
a half miles an hour. There were two

men and two women in the car, whose
names Ezinger refused to give. At the
station house he gave as bail a six stone
diamond ring, which he had _ received
from one of the occupants of the car

AUTO WILD IN STH AVENUE.

 

Mrs. W. ©. Suydam’s Machine Lops om] regulations are interpreted to mean that | of the Cabinet offer to Burton
ja student may not be in Boston later tl

a Cab Wheel and Seme Fence.

As Mrs. Walter Lispenard Suydam of |
43 East Twenty-second street was going;
up Fifth avenue late yesterday afternoon
her automobile unmanageable
and skidded into East Forty-third street.
It struck a cab belgaging to the New York
Cab Company, taking off one of the cab's
front wheels. The driver of the cab, Fred
Bellemy, was knocked off his seat but
not badly burt.

The machine then skidded on up the
sidewalk till it came to the stone fence
surrounding Temple Emanu-el. After
shearing off ten feet of the fence it stop
Neither Mrs. Suydam nor her cha
was hurt.

Woman Arrested for a Pittsburg Theft. |

CurcaGo, Dec. 17.—Charged with the|
theft of diamonds valued at $10,000, ;
Mrs. Louise McDowell, wanted by the!
olice of Pittsburg, was arrested at her!
fome to-day. The woman will be held’
for the arrival of officers from Pittsburg. |
She denied the charge and said that she|
would return to that city without ex-/
gradition papers. The police Bay that her
husband o cow pervens Sccnteace for the
t the woman |

entered the home of a Pi oo and |

oman whi holding a
ptole ajowel box oon g the diatnonde. ey

 

|

'

 

eur

 

 

begins in January a number of revised
rules of chaperonage will go into effect,
according to the announcement made
at the college to-day. The new rules,
which were perfected” by a committee
of five, call for radical changes from the

on the campus as well as when on shop-
ping trips, at theatre parties or attending
luncheons in Boston.

With the new term the hour for closing
houses on the campus will be 9:45 P. M.,
instead of 10, as heretofore. In “villa
houses the hour for closing will remain
10. Gueats may not be entertained after
these hours.

The student

government societies’

6.30 P. M. without a cfiaperon.

 

80-YEAR-OLD CABBY ARRESTED

And Freed on His Record and the Plea of
Friendly Patrons.

An eighty-year-old cab driver, Edward
Monahan, was arrested at Twenty-third
street and Fifth avenue last night charged
with careless driving '

“Your Honor,” he said in the night
court, “I have been driving a cab in the
city of New York for forty-eight years
and this is the first time I have been rep-
rimanded or arrested. The policeman
was a little hasty in taking mein. 1 meant
yortep when he told me to.”

w

 

She said that he had bee
ing her about town for years and was
v careful. Another fare. a man, told
the magiauele that Monahan had driven
him to his wedding twenty years ago

“You have & good record an
friends ged,”
Walsh

 

DEWEY'S WINES FOR HOLIDAY irre
BS Sewer & Gane Che Fultos St,

 

|asked to enter the Cabinet.

}other names have been mentioned in’

by the weather bureau just served to | He ivania: man.«.Mr. ‘Hoyas
whiten the sidewalks last night. The|solicitor-Generel of the United

| He wes a classmate of Mr. Taft’s ab:

 

 

jing the makeup of his Cabinet. </TE

 

| regulations first &dopted ten years ago. |
The Vanderbilt ohauffeur, Hugo H. | They will affect the undergraduates when | in his interview with Burton

   
   
  
 

leye Republicans that Burton would him
ia hand in dispensing Federal patrote

| joined hands with Foraker, Gov.

 

 

id Magielste | on
said Magistrate! Ohio and told his friends ye

York. | 45, Burton, while Arthur I. Ve

| friends for a good many years. * Bure
oman was in court to plead for the| made the Taft nominating speech |
n driv-| Chicago.

 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
 
   
    
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  

Minnesota, who has been m od
prominently for this office, has net beer

gossip about the Attorney-Genei
There are hints that it will go to He
M. Hoyt, whe, like Senator Knox,

"

and is regarded highly by the F i
elect and other lawyers of ability. © ~~

Concerning Secretary Root, his fi
say that immediately after his ele

 

oe

Cabinet and be succeeded then
Robert Bacon, now First Assistant
tary of State. ;

Mr. Taft has had interviews ia Ws
ington with Senator Ha, now the
of the Senate, and with Senator
and other Republican Senators oc

6b

has been a sug, tion on the part of ,
ident Roosevelt, well informed He
licans say, to the effect that\Pree
Roosevelt's secretary, Mr. Loeb, ¢
be made a member of Mr, Taft's"
net and also that Frank B. Kellogg oft
be made Attorney-General, but 6 of
those who have talked with Mr
predict that neither will land. Im
Mr. Kellogg told his friends last |
that he should no longer bé oa
a candidate for Attorney-Gene!
all that is heard in Washington and
York can be credited Mr. Taft prop
to make a pretty cleap sweep, and ii
even said to be doubtful if-he will
point Straus to the Dep
Commerce and Labor.
The, elimination ,of Theodore
ton makes Myron T Herrick
and Postmaster-General Meyer
promising possibilities for the
portfojio

=
of Ob
the m

Oa

Reason Why Taft Withdrew Offer.
Cabinet Place, B52

There is an interesting situation b
the announcement made Wednesday night —
that Congressman Theodore B. Burton of”
Cleveland has been thrown overboard
Taft Cabinet possibility. | -

Ohio Republicans admitted yester:
that Mr. Taft had definitely offered the”
Treasury portfolio to Burton and had then
withdrawn the offer. At the same Gm
they accused Burton of bad faith and'éal
that Mr. Taft was incensed at what he we
garded as a wilful misrepresentation ¢
his attitude toward the Ohio Senatoris
contest. ae

Mr. Taft made it plain to Mr. Ba;
that he would take no side in the
Senatorial fight, vet the Con Y
it is charged, hurried from Hot Sp
to Ohio and represented that Mr. Pal
was greatly embarrassed at his
candidacy and that Burton was”
the new Administration’s cholow
Foraker’s seat. \

Mr. Taft, according to the ©
summoned Burton to Washington
week and told him bluntly that he
not tolerate any attempt to drag hii
the Ohio Senatorial fight. The inte
ended by the President-elect with¢
the offer of a Cabinet post.

r.

went after him hard. eM
The Treasury post was offered to
ton three or four weeks ago at Hot Sp
At that time Mr. Taft, it was eaid, |
Burton that the offer was made Wi
the slightest regard to the Se
fight in Ohio and that he would be
accept or reject it after the con
Foraker's seat had been settled.
Ohioans say further that on the stre

tions were immediately made to: Bus

in Ohio. This argument, it is said, wae”
being used to promote Burton's candidaéy
The fact that Burton had recently held
a conference with Foraker probably .
make matters any the smoother at the
Taft-Burton conference. Ohio Rep
licoans who favor the C, P, Taft o
for the Senatorship say that Burton

ne

Harry M. Daugherty, J. Warren Be
and others powerful.in Ohio in an ¢f
to defeat C. P, Taft. Congres
ton and the President-elect bad t

"

he was mentioned at on B
time as nara choice for Speake

the event of a fight being made l
non. a
Senator Foraker is now on his way te

he had a chance for reelection.
man Hitchcock of the national ce
tee, it was stated, favors the aelgstic