=== -_ —=—==
VOL, LXVIIL—NO. 84,

———————

KRUGER LANDS IN FRANCE,

catia THA BRITISH RARBAROTS IN
mis FIRST APRECH.

Fathedastic Welcome for the Roer Lender at
Marediies—Crowd Attempts to Panish a
Party of Englishmen Who Missed Kruger
Stil Calle Mimeeif a ‘Chief of State."'

Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN

Manaerucra, Nov. 22.- Fe-President Kroger
of the Tranavaal landed here at 10 65 o'clock
thie morning from the Duten warship Gelder.
land

The day opened clear and cold The Gel-
deriand entered the harbor at #20 © clock,
whereupon there was a great rush down all
the atreets leading to the Qual de la Joliette

Dr. Catalan, the Health OfMlcer, at
boarded the veasel and granted free pratique.

A swarm of boats of all descriptions sur-
rounded the warship. Mr. Van Hamer, who
acta as interpreter for Mr Kruser, came
ashore and announced that the ex-President
of the Transvaal would not land until later,
as the officers and crew of the vessel desired
to give him a ceremonious farewell

The Boer peace envoys, Messrs Fischer,
Wessels and Wolmarans, boarded the war-
ship shortly after her arrival and had a con-
ference with Mr. Krijger,

There was a great crowd on the quay when

once

Mr. Krdger landed He was enthusiasti-
enlly cheered by the people and = there were
cries of “Vive Kruger! Vive les Boers!

The og-President of the Transvaal walked to
a carriage which was in waiting, and before
seating himself ceremoniously saluted the
crowd

A procession was formed around the carriages
oceupied by Mr Krfizer and the Boer delegates
and they were escorted to the hotel amid con-
tinuous cheering

As the proceasion passed the Hotel du Louvre
porve English questa threw coppers from the
window. There was alao some hiseing, and the
crowd, becoming ind’ sant, tried to break into
the hotel Fortunately the doors were closed
ard barricaded in time to keep the moo out, but
many remained around the hotel

When ex-President Krier reached the Hotel
Nontiies he took (hes l-vator to the second floor,
where he haa apartments, He arrived there
ft noon, and n response to cheers by the crowd,
he appeared on the balcony and made a speach
He said he was glad toland on the soil of France
--a country of liberty. He felt that he was
a@nong a free people who received him as a
free man. He thanked the French Govern-
ment for the many marks of sympathy that
had been shown him. He declared that ever
since Dr. Jameson's raid he had always de-
sired to arbitrate the differences with Great
Britain and was convinced that the evemies
of the Boera would be obliged to recognize
the justice of the cause of the South African
republics.

But the English had always refised to arhi-
trate the differences and they were now waging
a war of barbarism. He was not ignorant of
the usages of savage warfare, he said, but he
had never known a people more barbarous
than the English, who had pillaged and plun-
dered and burned farms and driven women and
children from their hoines and left them with-
out bread to eat or a roof over their heads. If
the Boer republics must lose their indepen-
dence every Boer—man, woman and child
would have to be killed first

During Mr. Kriiget’s speech an Englishman
in the crowd refused to uncover, whereupon
the people knocked his hat of

Mr. Kroger wore a dark gray overcoat and &
high hat bound with a deep crépe band, He
had on gold-rimmed spectacles and his whole
personality was much more striking than is
suggested by his portraits He spoke with
emotion ina strong, resonant voice

President Krfiger is much neater tn appear-
ance than had heen expected from his portraits.
His hair and beard have been trimmed He
walks with a firm step and shows no sign of
iilness or age.

The French women greeted him constantly
with erles of “Jl cat presque beau.” ("He is
almost handsome *)

Fx-President Kriger has
President Loubet as follows

‘On landing on the hoapitable aoil of France
my first act ia to salute the worthy chief of the
Freneh Republic, and to address to you an
expression of my gratitude for the marks of
inte your Government and country have
Leen so good aa to give me”

M. Grehauval, President of the Paris Munte-
i Couneil, invited Mr Kruger, on behalf
of the people of Paris, to visit the Hotel de
Ville Mr. Krager replied that he was deeply
erateful for the invitation, but he begged to
be excused from giving a definite answer until
in bis quality as a chief of State he had paid
his respects to the President of France

The Gelderland sailed at 5 o'clock this even-

 

telegraphed to

eat

 

ine
dam

Rut for the incident nt the Hotel du Louvre
Mr. Kriiger's passage from the quay to his hotel
was orderly and enthusiastic. The ceremony
was all over at half past 12 o'clock, and the
shops gradually reopened. Two hours later
Mayor Flaiselores visited the ex-President and

is sa isis lS se ue eee asm met

It is understood that she goes to Rotter. |

| will be received in Paris

read an address expressing the wish that “in |

the course of the new diplomatic phase on
which the ‘Transvaal question has entered
it may he peacefull solved according to the
written laws of nations, the justice prescribed
by the unwritten laws of humanity and accord-
ing to civilization and progress ”

In reply Mr. Kroger said: “I have con-
fidence in God and my own just right”

Meanwhile a large crowd outalde were cheer-

} dent Lou

img and singing “The Marseiliaise” as the va- |

rious delegations arrived toattend the general!
reception, At the reception Mr. Kriger, wear-
ing the rosette of the Legion of Honor, re-
eeived more addresses, including one from
Mr. Michael Davitt, an ex-member of the Brit-
ish House of Commons. All the afternoon
and evening there wasan enthusiastic crowd
around the Hotel Noailles,

Mr. Kriwer did not attend the banquet given
by the Boer Independence Committee in his
honor thisevening. Thereason for his absence
was adequately explained in a written address
which Ir. Leyds read in his name. This ad-
dress becan: “Iamtired. I am in mourning
I do not attend banquets.” He then proceeded
to again thank the people of Marseilles for the
cordial weleome they had eiven him. Mr
Kriger referred to “The Marseillaise” as the
song of all nations whose independence it was

fanother in Gerniuas

sought to destroy and who were stmggling ,

againstaninvader. He added
“1 should like your acclamations to he heard
by all the Boers inarms encamped tn our moun-

tains. They would thank you from the bort- |

tom of their hearts
name.”

Mr. Kroger went to bed early. It is under-
stood that he will leave in the morning for
Dijon, where he will sleep Friday night, and
that he will reach Paris on Saturday. He may
posaibly remain in Parts for three or four davs

The day has been one long triumph for the
old Boer leader from the moment he left the
Celderland to his retirement at night. His
passage through the quays and streets, where
he was bombarded with flowers and half deaf-
ened by the sympathetic plaudits, and where
his carriage was frequentiv stopped by the
dense mass of people, might have been that of
a French conquering hero. [Tt is not a little
remarkable, too, that amid all the popular
fervor the official request that the national

1 thank you in their

   

 

Avenue Hoel, Saratoga Arondack Waiter is a favorite
ge. Biends nicely with wines —Adn

With the ‘men of affairs who frequent the Fifth

» NEW YORK, FRIDAY,

Position ehould not he compromised by ant

Pingliah utterances waa ohearved until evening

When the Hotel du Louvre affair dained wha!
eretne quite ec ag@erated ain loanee ven
then the anti-(trtish demonetration was eon
fined to the uninfluencial thew note aeetion

of the populace

The Wie nen whe « ed offenee were
pasengers f i the aftenmelin Pore, whieh
vane weatherthoeind Thetr apolostiate aay they
did not mean to offend Thyes do net under
stand the ahout« to remove their hate, ot le
tneertain whether they or others threw eninge
Whatever the truth toay be the tnefdent ex-
cited angry fecentment and the erowd be-
slewing the hotel grow in atrenget) and violence
vntil the Piriti-t) Consul appealed to the Prefect
of the Departinent to proteet the passengers

The Peefeet promised to send police at § o'clock
in the evening to ereort them to the Rome and
to protect the cesael

fhe crowd mistook the coln throwing for an
insult, as the throwing of coppers on the stage
fs aA common method throughout France of
showing disapproval of Durtne the
evening a section of the demonatrators, headed
by a tric r, parnded the st eets, ehouting
“Long live Kroger!’ “Long live France!” and
“Long live the army!” They stopped outside
the Hritish Comeulate and sang “Conapuez les
Anglais,” but attempted no violence. They
were easily dispersed hy the police The Hotel
du Louvre continued to be besieged until a inte
hour The doors were barricaded to keep the
howling and hissing crowd from entering, but
no damage was done

Meanwhile the passengers, of whom there
were fifty-six, escaped in small parties with
the help of the police They were driven
ewiftly throuch side streeta and embarked
safely on the Rome. There, It ls understood,
they signed a statement to the effect that they
had not been actuated by any fll will In the
incident which caused the trouble. They had
previously refused to sien a statement because
they contended that the demonstration had
not been made by, but against them They,
however, yielded to their Consul’s persuasion

rotors

  

 

LONDON'S ANGER NOT AROUSED.

French Welcome to Kruger Condocted With
Admirable Hestraint, the Papers Say.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Nov, 22.--Notwithstanding the noisy
demonstration at the Hotel du Louvre in Mar-
seillea it is abundantly clear that the people
of that city as a whole and the Kriiwer sym-
pathizers who travelled there especially to
greet the ex-President conducted themselves
with admirable restraint. They abstained
from any eonduet calenlated to involve their
country in difflculties or to aive just cause of
offence to Britain. The newspapers
wenerally recognized this, although the des-
patches of some of their correspondents tine-
ture with a good deal of malice their description
of the day's reception. Most of the papers
reserve their denunciations for Mr. Kruger
himself, applying to his speech denouncing
the British «uch adjectives as violent, flerce

(reat

and vindictive
‘Lhe Tr ea admits that the crowd at Marseilles

hehaved on the whole with exemplary good
humor and abstained from offensive demon-
strations. That paper attacks Mr. Krdager's
‘extravagant and melignant calumnies on Fng-
land” and adds: “It is only by our suferance
that he is in Lurope at all. His friends misht
do well to reflect on this obvious and palpable
fact when } ‘active grows too spiteful ”

The Standard says: “Regret, rather than
resentment, is the emotion with which most

  

Englisimen will contemplate the extravagant |

welcome Everything was unfriendly to Lng-
land, but to make amends everything Was Cor
rect.”

The Daily News says: "Mr. Kriiger’s state-
ments are not correct, but he is suffering from
the mortifieation of defeat, and if anybody {s
inclined to feel great indignation let him re-

member that accusations quite as outrageous |

are being made by Englishmen themselves
Mr. Kriiger seems to have borne himself with
considerable dignity.”

The Telegraph saya: “No one who {s any
one in thia country will be in the least degree
irritated or impressed or will regard except
with contemptuous indifference the hollow
manifestations of which the sour and darm-
aged Cincinnatus has choren to make himself
the dupe”

Phe trophic eriticiaes “the illebred
tourists at the Hotel du Le who refused
to remove their hata when the awed exile passed ©
It declores thot their conduct was indecoruns
und unchivalric

Erglish

vre

    
   
 

The Chronicle save that little or nothing ov-
enrred to disturh th v of the Frenet
Covernment or te whteat cloud of
diMenity between ¢ nd French

FOUBET WILL RECEIVE KRUGER.

He Is Classed as a Foreign Sovereign Travelling
Incognito.
Special Cable Despatch to THE sUN.
Panis, Nov Tne Journal Dea Déhata
piblishes an ins: nunication announe-
ing that the Government has considered the
ex-President: Kriger
It has decided that
not notified

an

   

red oe

conditions under whieh

inasmuch as Great Britain has

the Powers of ber dev
fransvaal, Mr. Kriteer will be received as a
ien severeien travelling incognito — Pres.
will receive bim at the Palac
the Elvsee if Mr Kruger wishes to visit
and will return the visit in accordance with

custom

 

 

wr

 

Roers Icee Heavily in a Fight.

Spectul Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
Toxnos, Nov. 22. A despatch from Bloem-

fontein save the Boers lost heavily ina fla@ht at |

Sunday. They were shelled
from the nillsanddriven into the flats, where
Lancers charged them repeatedly. Com-
mandant Brand was wounded,

Daberspan on

 

 

the

GOVERNESS 4 SUICIDE,

Disappointed Becanse She Didn't Get a Letter
From Her Lover in Germany.

Miss Ada Raver cormrnitted suicide yesterday
morning in the home of her brother, Bernard
Raver, 78 Bloomfield street, Hoboken, by drink-
ine earbolic acid She had only

 

} n ir
een in this

 

   

  

country a few weeks and was emploved asa
woverness by a family in Hudson street, Ho. |
b Jecording to Coroner Parslow and
the police, the young wemar had a sweetheart
mn rmany th whom she corresponded,
hav her mul addressed to her brouher’s
heme. Ys { morning she called on her

    

handed her a letter from their
, Addressed to her, When
reitto pieces without dis-
to her brother
letter?” she asked
plied, and she walked awe
her hat oor coat Abouit
ler eroard found his sister
er ofa hall bedroom
rrival of the ambulance

brother, whe
had read it she te
sitar the content.
Was there st
“None, he re
without put goon
i an hoor d
moaning on tie
ied before the

slie

 

FOUND HIS WIFE WAS A BRIGAMIST.

Von Damm Had Vhree Mushanda Living
Third Gets His Marclage Aonulled,

Court Justice Siotth i

 

Mrs.

Supre ne Brookion

    

veaterday annulled the parricee of Otte H
Vou Damm to Elmira ©. Non Dan The
nlaintd alleged that he was marred te the
fefendant in danuary. teat Sut sequently the

left Brooklyn and lived in G

San Francisco, Cal, where a

ant scknowledgua t ahe }

bands living Mn nit 4d} learned
that the defondar Wd tiarried John Weiss
in asSpand William Mallabin in os Mr. Wejas
testified to his martiowe to the aefendant He
fiid her maiden nae we KF ra Sehellard

lier present address is ii2ou ¢ street, San

Franeiseo, Cal

 

 

Morning. Noon and Night
trains leave Grand Central Stat z york, b
the New York Central, for Chicaen, Lowe and
Ciocinnat. Li aurious Wains, smooth tracks, -~Adn

laration annexing the!

hiv, |

Sie *

NOVEMBER

25,
BIG KAISER, LAME AND LATE

wUT WITH ATT WET, RONG APR NORE
INTO WAKDOR MOD.

Gets Pree and Then Tangies Her Propetier ina

Spar Buoy Chain Wad Lost a Propetier
Biade on Oct, 16 and Came Over at 16
Knots Through Verrifie Weather 1,300
j Passengers Spent Last Night Aboard of Her.

| After defying the tempeataof a succession
of turbulent days ever entered In
thelowota liner, (he Kaleer Wilhelm der Grosse
colossusofthe North German Lloyd fleet, stuck
ingloriousiv yesterday afternoon at the vers
gaccof the harbor, ciroumvented by the anchor
chain of a apar buoy off the Southwest Spit
and didn't get away until nearly tt o'clock
night. The chain was wound about one
of ber propellers. When she did get loose she
cime up to Quarantine, where her passengers
the night aboard, She will dock at
the Cunard pier at 6 o'clock this morning, A
lost propeller blade and the bad weather made
her late” Sha has 53 first and second cabin
passengers and 678 in the steerage

The time of the big ship's Voyage was 7 days
20 hours and 10 minutes, over a course of 3,052
knots, at an average speed of 1622 knots. This
| Was travelling morethan ahundred knots less
than sie usually makes in a day. When she
wes two days out from Cherbourg, on Nov.
14, the worst day of the phenomenally boister-
ous Tun, everybody out the offle-rs and crew
being on the cheerful side of storm doors
the ship began to vibrate from side to side
It was about 7.45 o'clock in the evening, and
veteran sea crossers were at dinner. They
were the-only passengers that took much note
of the trouble. The weary majority, in their
berths, did not enter it in their private logs.
The dinera were startled
| Capt. Engelbart knew what had happened,
as did the men in the engineer's departiment.
The ship was stopped and she rolled in the
trough a bit while the engineers found out that
a blade of the port propeller had been twisted
of, probably by an unusually heavy sea that
slapped her under the counter

It was decided te proceed at a speed that
would lessen the vibration and the starboard
engines were alowed down to suit the speed
developed by the two-bladed propeller = In
thia way the Kaiser made the rest of the trip
through seas that old travellers on Atlantic

the ) t

spent

 

| routes say were the loftiest that they ever
| run across or that ever ran across them
Sometimes the ship was almost buried in
white crests and spoondrift) The top of a
great green cliff broke aboard once in A
while and rails were smashed or twisted

Nearly all the deck fixtures that were
bolted down tight were <wert away
Thereafter there was nothing but weather In
the course of the ship. One day was pretty
nearly the same a3 another, Sometimes the
wind blew with a force that_Capt. Fngelbart

hot

recorded as 12 by the Beaufort scale,
which means eighty knots an hour or
more The passengers say that ft was
hiet! more Onthe dav that the ship

 

lost her port propeller blade she made only
181 knots or about elght knots an hour, which,
in pleasant weather, is disgraceful time for a
tramp steamship, Charles FB. Tripler, the man
Who experiments with biquid air, says the air
was all liquid whenever \ie looked through a
port or got a chance to see things out on the
open deck. The waves reared themselves as
high asthethree towering funnels,

on Wednesday morning last a coal trimmer,
| Ciagusted with the weather and the toil below

decks in the bowels of a pitehing and rolling

chip, threw himself overboard) He was a

German about 17 years old, named Knick, and

was not used to his work
| There were several hours of fow on this dav

1d the Kaiser slowed down to less than hail

speed. It was possible to beoutin the open air,
as the gale head abated somewhat, although
there was still a heavy swell on Passengers
say that the Kaiser narrowly missed running
down @ deeply laden oil tank in the mist) They
looked from the lofty decks of the liner plutnb
down on the decks of the tank and saw men
moving about in her as distinctly as if they
had been aboard the Kaiser

As the Kruser passed Fire Island yesterday
afternoon she signalled to the marine observer
there thatshe had carried away onesecrew blade.
Her agent here, Gustav H. Schwab, concluded
from this that there was nothing serious the

 

  

 

 

 

     

 

|
|
|

1900,

TERRY MCGOVERN’ WATKHIOON

Hie Wife Found Him Doing a Cakewalk and
Chacticed Him Promptir

Cnteaao, Nev 22 Karly thie morning,
Terry Metiovern, the featherweight cham
pion prize fleliter, met hie first defeat te

wae whipped by hia wife MeGiovern ia etar
ring ina piay called “The Bowery After Dark
In it he performs all sorte of heroic deed:
receives the applaues of the gallery: every
time he knocks the villain down, which ts
frequently

The work of entertaining a Chleage audience
with pletures of the Bowers
recreation ia alnost a necessity when the labora
of the niwht are (iniehed A little after
luncheon ia the proper caper under sue cir-
cumstances and ‘Terry believed in proner
capers A@® ao consequence when the per-
formance closed on Wednesday night a supper
party was arranged at George Silver's place
on Dearborn street. The party included the
various members of Terry's company, among
others Miss Queenio Tenny. Mrs. MeGovern
was also one of the invited guests. Mra Me-
Govern decided that her baby, who is iil, needed
her attention, and she didn't accept the in-
Vilation

The evening passed with songs and laughter,
and when the time came to go Terry with youth-
ful exuberance was singing a cakewalk song.
Miss Queente Tenny grasped him by the arm
and the two started in to entertaio the otners
of the party with a cakewalk.

Just at that time there entered Mra. Terry
MeGovern,

“Oh, if my wife saw me now!" remarked
MeCiovern,

Maybe she don't,” said the champion's wife
to herself,

"She wouldn't do a thing to me,” McGovern
continued, unmindful of the presence of his
spouse, Then as if from a springboard Mrs.
McGovern flew at Terence, A tightly clenched
right fist landed flush on the point of the jaw.
‘Terry wheeled about, aud Mra. McGovern
saw another opening. She walloped one in
with the left. The champion made no effort
to ward off the blows or counter, but stood
with his hands to his side and allowed Mrs.
Metiovern to literally flaht herself out, Ter-
enee, protesting any evil intent, was led away
like a whipped schoolboy.

This story bas a bearing on the advertising
of the show. One of the lithographs shows
Terrry in a recumbent position, while his
mother applies the slipper to that part of the
anatomy where it is supposed to do bows the
most good The picture is labelled “The only
one tho ever whipped Torry ”

Terry submitted to his chastisement and
then wenthone He will go right on knocking
ot featherweizghta and hantams, but Mrs.
Terry is still lord of the horse

 

nad

quite

is arduous, and

theatre

ROCHESTER'S MURDER MYSTERY.

 

Chief of Detectives Hayden Thinks an Insane
Man hilled Miss Keating.

Rocwreter, Nov Davis etreet, the
soeene of the murder of Miss Teresa Keating,
the pretty factory girl, was visited by hundreds
of people to-day. The physicians who pere
formed the autopsy vesterday gave it as their
opinion that the #irl had been assaulted and
then choked to death by more than one man.
The police, however, who examined the dead
girl's throat, when the finger marks were very

piain, say that it was done by one man, and
thathe wasaman of great strength

Chief of Detectives Hayden says that the
crime was of such oe flendish nature that he
thinks it Was committed by an insane man
Ite is emboldened in this theory by the stories
of several persons in that neighborhood who
have had experiences recently with a man
who had every appearance of being crazy
The man Was tall and had a# heavy, dark nmus-
tache. On Monday night this man entere
the house of Harry Smith, a moulder, at 147
Choodman streel, bear the scene of the tragedy,
Mrs. Smith found him there when she returned
home at it o'clock at night and ordered tim
out

“ J want you to understand that Iam runing
this ranch,” replied the fellow in sueh :
tone that Mrs

22.-

 

“ivage
South was frightened and ran
out of doors. She met her hushand and told

! f 4 -tranger in the kitcher Sniith tried
ect the stranger. A desperate tight en-
and the unknown man knocked Smith

toe
elied
down
the police
leaving

 

then ran
Sinith’s

The stranger
hat and coat in

 

 

bouse

| These were turned over to the police to-day

riatter with the ship. The serious thing oc-
/eurred Inter, when the Kaiser was coming
into the los bay through the main ship ehan-
nel. she get ay ilot, one of the best in the
trade, Dennis Reardon, just aft she passed
the lightship at 240 P.M. The tide was at
the beginning of the food and was setting into |
Raritan Bay at the sharp bend in the main

hip channel 1 arked by Buoy 12, off the Southe

    

Spit, which ts about two miles this side
| he point of the Flook, What wind there
| owas was working on the fuur-storied starboard

bow of the liner. The Kaiser is more than

|

| 0) feet on the watep line, and, in rounding the
} Southwest Spit, where ibe channel ts less than
|
|

 

an thousand f wide, if was necessary for

the pilot to shave the shoal pretiy close, The
| jurushine thde doubtless helped the way of the

ieamnsaip and before she could be checked
she had put her nose into tle mud

 

 

 

   

 

   

 

J She stuck only a moment Then she backed
oY Ste had ‘smelt bottom’ as the pilots
say, and she refused to answer her heim. That

J is a pecubarits f big and little shipa in shoal

j Water The breeze worked on her starboard

} bow and drove it around to pert) Then the
tide get under her port quarter and slewed it to

{ She fouled a spar buey and one
of ber propellers picked up the buoy’s anchor
‘ n

she was of the mud, but she was in a worse
pickle than before Her engineers feared
to atiempt starting her engines again They

did not know which propeller the chain was
wound around, so it was decided to drop anchor
and wait tor help froma the city Toes went
down to the disabled ship and later the Mer-
ritt-Chapman Wreeking Company sent down
(the fsaac J) Merritt and the powerful ocean
wrecking steamer Champion, with three divers
aboard Mr. Sehwab, who was
who boarded the ship, sald later that she had
struek so lichtly on the Southwest Spit and
| had come off so easily that he did not think
| that she was damaged
| When it was learned at Quarantine that the
Kaiser was aground Deputy Health Officer
i Sanborn boarded the revenue cutter Man-
| hattan, went down to her, examined her pas-
senrers and gave her permission to come up
to her dock, without having to stop at Quarnn-
} tine The Manhattan put aboard the Kaiser
& staff of customs inspectors and a number
| of the friends of the passengers who will come
lup to the city with them thls morning The
|) ble ship got loose later and came up to Quaran-
| tine, where she anchored Among her pas-
| rengers are Harold Bauer, the pianist, who
|
|

 

   

has never been heard here and Jean Gerardy,
the o list, w hes not appeared here for
three years: the Karon de Chambrun, Baron
Von Holleben. the German Ambassador to
Washington TR Hostetter,Gen Thomas H
Hub oerd. the Marquis de Larrinaga, the Baron
de Montebello, HC.) MeVickar, Consul Thomas
Willing Peters, Gen Fadward H Ripley, kOH
| Sears, Consul G Schumann, P. F. Sheedy and
J Tod Sloan, the jockey

| MEIGS CAUGHT IT IN THE SQUALL.

 
  

 

 

 

Aboard, One of Whom Betook
Herself to Praver.

Army Wives

A belated varn of the equall that tore overt
| the town and hurbor on Wednesday afternoon

 

A son of George Hickey, who lives at Seio,
and Davis streets, savs he saw Miss K
was walking thre

    

 

on Tuesday hight as she
Davis street, and that a tall man with a dark
mustache was following her A man yester-

day morning called at the switchman's shant
at the Umon street crossing of the Central,
a stone's throw from the place where the ¢ 18
was committed, and asked what time it was

    
 

| He ealled a second time and inquired the way

one

among those |

| got here vesterday morning aboard the Govern-

l ments wer Gen. Meigs, which plies between |
Piet River and Sandy Hook. she left
aer PP Moon Wednesday and got caught
intuesquallnearRomerShoal she had aboard

ten Cluldren and many Wwomen,wives and rela-
tives of ar officers at the Hook including
tie wife of Major Burbank, the wife of Major
Laylor, Mes. Richards, the wife of Capt. Philips,
and toe wife of baeut. Melndoo, Capt George

     

 

 

     

 

© Hewell, commander of the Meigs, kept her
i beaded into the wand, but she tell of at tunes
and roiled her rail almost uncer
{ fhe Women dha chitaren were badly fright-
ened One of the wonlen, accordir oO @ story
toll at the Army Buliding, got on her knees
ind praved She went inte the pilot house later
aostuck close to Cay Howell, who assured
rtaaton te Was Bog fo happen to the
“as hethibg® cia happen St afier she |
docked at Sandy Hook helf an bour late | She
broke ber \vacwum pumpand Capt Howard

  

telephoned to the city for thes to take her hack
to New York She had @ worse time oan
up than ging down, as she was in the trough
fof the se
rolled her side ligits under
for service again to-day

 

 

She will be ready

 

Burnett's Vanilla
leaves a Good taste in the mouth It is pur
some Lon't be cheated with cheap eods Sr

thost of the time and oceastonaliy |

toa store, saving he wented to buy a hat and
eoat, as he had lost his in a lumber yard, some
having stolen it Auy oman, unusually
tall and with a heave mustache, who eannot
wivea coodaccount ol h ihomust be arrested,
the polices say They a t ne te find out
where the stranger finaliy got his missing
clothing. Three suspects were arrested, but
were soon discharged

  
  

  

LOU PAYN TO MARRY AGAIN.

Bat Thoughts of Roosevelt Seem to Mar What
Should Be a Happy Frame of Mind.

The Hon. Lowa F Payn, former Superinten.
dent of Insurance, came to town vesterday and
told his friends that he was awniting the glad
Christinas tide, for then he was to be inarried
again Those at the Fifth Avenue Hote! who
knew of Mr Payn’'s coming happiness wondered
why he couldn't be in a little more pleasant
frame of mind. At the Saratoga Convention
which nominated Mr Odell for Governor Mr
Pavn had some shabby things to say of Gov
heosevelt who retired him os Superintendent
of Insurance. Yesterday he thouglit it agree-
able to say a few mere He seems to delight
in showing one particular sore toe his ree
tirement by Gov. Roosevelt as Superintendent
of Insurance Mr. Payn has been in political
life nearly fifty years and he is well aware that
the Governor of the State of New York and
the Vice-President-elect cannot reply to him
If Gov. Roosevelt were a private citizen he
could very likely say a few things about Mr
Payn. But asitis, Mr Pay ife 7

Mr. Payn was asked yesterday if he thought
Gov Roosevelt would be a factor in New York
State polities after he retired from the Gover

nis

 

 

norship. Mr Varn rephe

“You know a «« dish isa pretty big fish in
thesea You take himpon drs and and let hin
flounder about and he doesn'taneount to nineh.”

Just why Mr Payn Was asked concerning
Gov Roosevelt's status in the party is at
known = It ts well understood of ef! Ren hie
cans in the State of New York that Gov, Roos
velt has never consulted Mr Payn on even
the most trivial matter connected with the
political situation in these diggings

WAY THE BRIDFGROOM WAS LaAtr.

Cabman Drove Hin to Jersey Clty Instead of
Coney Island,

Ralph Britto of Brooklyn and Kate Masea,
the daughter of a hotel keeper at Seventeenth
sireet and Surf avenue, were to have been mar-
ried at 1 oclock yesterday afternoon in the
Italian Roman Catholic Church at Coney Istend
The bride and about seven hundred gets
were on hand at the tire set for the ceremony,
but the bridegroom did hot appear 4 brass
bond whieh had been hired for the oecasion
entertained the guests until & o'clock, when
ftoutt plaving With the leaving of the bera
most of the guests departed, too Only Mijas
Massa and her relatives waited in hopes that
Hritte weuld not disampotnt theny

Finally, a very mueh dilapidated hack came
tearing down the street and in it was Britto
This was at Go'clock, Execitedly he explained
that he bad hired the esb in Prookive and the

 

  
    

 

 

driver ber mistake had taken fin 1
ity Then the wedding ceremony 4
formed, after whieh there wi t «cel
Many of the gucets who had left toe

were present at the wedding festivities

 

 

Raliwa)y Safer

The perfect electroautomatic signal and switeh
ystems on the Pennsylvania Rajjroad.—Adén

 

Smith ran out of doors and called for !
awar,.t

oe i
leh j

DEADLOCK NOW IN PERKIN?

PURIS FRARS THR CONCERT oF THe

POWRHS Wil HE TRORTS

Unfaverabte Comment in the Erench Capital
on Our Poticy in the Dispute With Chine
feudency to Lessen the Demands for the
Ponishment of the Gality Chinese Princes,

Srecial Cane Deron hn ia Tae Sus
Toxnox, Nov 28. The Vor
of the Morning Poat saves that tofermation has
been received in that city confirntna the
of a deadlock between the Ministers in Pekin,
which, it is declared, may result in a complete
aplit in the concert of the Powers The cor
respondent save that the enoricious and income
prehensivle diplomacy of the tnited States ia
the vannted aceord of
It was the ex pecta-

correspondent

sponte

 

mainiyv for
the Powers being broken
tion that their policy would become steady alter
the elections, but it did not

It has never been possible to understand what
the United States would do from one week to
another. Now they are entirely in favor of
China. Russia, also, now finds the terms of
peace, including the proposed punishments,
too hard, and Japan, always sinophile, is of
the same opinion, while M Deleassé, the
French Foreign Minister, in a speech in the
Chamber of Deputies two days aco also showed
1 disposition to be magnanimous

responsible

MINISTER CONGER INSTRUCTED.

Practical Repetition of the General Instrac
tions Sent to Him Last Week.

WasHINGTON, Nov, 22 —Inatructions have
been sent to Minister Conger by Secretary
Hay, in the name of the President, to avoid
making conditions for a eettlement of the
Chinese troubles which the Chinese Govern-
ment would find it impose:ble to fulfil, ‘These
instructions, which are supposedly the out-
come of a conference between the President
and Mr. Hay this afternoon, are practically
a repetition of the general directions sent to
Mr. Conger last week, giving him full authority
to decide, without further reference to Wash-
ington wheiher the conditions suggested
by the representatives of the Powers were
adequate or such that the Imperial authorities
could carry out, The idea was impressed
on Minister Conger that while desirous that
the Chinese Government should punish the
guilty and make satisfactory reparation for
the injuries and insults to foreigners, the United
States were anxious to limit the programme
of reprisals to such things a8 the Chinese could
accomplish, the Administration realizing that
the imposition of impossible conditions would
probably result in a renewal of hostilities and
international complications that could not
be adjusted without the shedding of blood
repetition of these instructions with
perhaps a little added emphasis was a natural
result of the despatch received tren) Mr. Conger
yesterday, in which he saic’ that the punish-
rents provided for Prince Tuan and other
Chinese dignitaries in the Imperind edict of
Nov 13, the text of which was printed in ves-
terday'sissue of TRESUN, were not salisiactory
Thie Government does not pretend to know

whether they are satisfactory or not, leaving
that to the judament of Mir Conger and others
on the spot, but it appreciates that sentences
more severe may be and probably are beyond
the abititv of the Imperial authorities to carry
out, owing to the powerful followings of many
of the tren marked tor dearadation and ini
prisonmernt or banishment For instance
the Winwsters of the Powers, or a maoricy of
them, are insisting onthe decap!tation of power.
fil dignitaries who, by banding together
could throw the entice Empire into a state of
war, kill the Emperor ard Ero press Dow sger
ane destroy every veslige of Che present recog.

The

 

   

 

 

Hired avthority
The Ministers are ipaleting on the severe
pimisthe of Gen. Tune Fu Hsiang, who,

 

with hisarmy of at least 10,000 Imperial soldiers,
controls the movements of the Chinese sovere
elans and their adherents at the temporary
eourt. This Government believes that Tung
Pu Hsiang deserves death, but it is unable to
see how he can be reached v ithout preeipitat-
ing another period of hostilities that. would
result in great lose of life among the foreign
treops and the Chinese people

Minister Conger appears to he as desirous
as his Furopean colleagues of adopting a cx
prehensive punishment programme, so that
‘ratment feela that in ite desire for a

 

\

this Gov

sreody setdement it has not even tho svine
pathy of its own diplomatic representative,
although Mr Conger is, of course, carrring

out his instructions to the best of his ability

AMERICAN BOOM IN CHINA.

Minister Wa Predicts Warm Commercial Rela-
tions When Peace Finally Comes,

Crxnctnnatt, Ohio, Nov Wu Ting-fang,
the Chinese Minister, was the principal speaker
to-night at the fourteenth annual dinner of the
Commercial Club of Cincinnatl The other
speakers were Henry W. Peabody of Boston
and Col Tompkins of North Carolina. Mr
Wu said that the exporta of the United States
te China in the past five years had increased
about 250 per cent. while those of no other
country had increased more than about 25
per cent

The reiations of the United States and China,
he said, had always been agreeable and even
friendly. The recent “unfortunate troubles”
in China, as he expressed it, he thought, would
soon be settled and something approaching a
“boom” for this country would prevail in China
He thought it likely that mauy concessions would
be granted by China to foreign syndicates
and corporations following this settlement

It would be well, Mr. Wu said, to remember
that only those corporations or syndicates hav-
ing the good will of the Chinese people would
succeed eventually. The Chinese understood
and appreciated good manners although they
might not understand foreign tongues. The
favor of Chinese merchants, once gained, was
not easily lost) The United States had always
treated the Chinese courteously at least, China
has no old scores against the people of the
United States

“Therefore, 1 predict,” he eaid, “that your
people will stand a better chance than other
people in obtaining the right kind, the sub-
stantial kind of recognition from our people.
Our people will recelve your commercial re-
presentatives wil h open arms.”

Minister Wu, While resting at the St. Nicholas
Hotel this afternoon was interviewed. He
was usked

“Who is the head of your Government, Mr
Wu?"

“Who is at the head of this Government?”
replied the Ambassador, leaning forward and
toying with his fan.

“Mark Hanna,” suggested
an attempt to be funny

“Oh, no, ne, no, no.” eried the Minieter
“You insult your President | That is an insult
to Mr MeKinley and you should not say it
rell me, are there any foreigners in Cincin-

mati? -
4 few,” answered a reporter

Did you ever practise law in Paris?” was

”9
ze

a Bryanite, in

asked :
‘No, no Where did you get that from?
It is another made-up reper: | No, sir”

Where did you learn t nglish?*
“In China, of course Owith some surprice)
I learned it when a boy

 

 

Ohio Postmaster Kills Himse!f,

SprixcrreLp, Ohio, Nov. 22- Postmaster
Frank Speasmaker, aged 49 vears, committed
suicide this morning by shooting himself in
the right temple. His dead body was found
by Clark Farrer, who opened the office at 4
a! ok He was lying near is desk, having
taken the tevolver from the ense rs Speas-
maker savs he left home at 6 o'clock to take
his usnal walk The deed was conimitted as
soon as he reached the office He had had
business troubles with his brothers

 

Haan's Restaura Park Row Fatiding.
mopertty appointed for diuner and supper, Musie
= ‘

 

 

 

 

Generitl
®

COPYRIGHT. 1900. BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION

+ eee

 

fiir to-day and te.morraw,

TWO CENTS.

PRICE

 

wane ay crys ware BESTE CUBANS KEEP DOORS OPEN,

Mr fhe Nerard Finds an Apparent Lows of
96.000,000 MNerchonti ta tnvestiqate
The Merchants’ Aamo ion adepted ar
lution veterdav pr { ep fer ° ont
ment of ao aubeeortunt ' fo ' the
f¥eten of water rate ha thon and etperse ite
defeats Thienetion wast henouws prelninire
report made to the fasacjation twot rederte
H, De Perard, who, after ay ecm nination of the

indthe Water

there were great dia

recordaof the Water Departinent
Rewivtrar, reported that

 

crepancies between the reven ie obtained from
the sale of water by the city ard the amoun
due

Mr De Berard bewan his investleation in
October, 1890, and was at work continually

notll Auguatof thie vear Tle learned tram the
chief engineer's report Chat between Is7f and
18W0 the water sold by mereras was worth Sil.
240,162, and thatin that period the Water Regi
inchiding

 

trar accosted for oniy $7,138,700,
arrears According to the reports in 1804,
1 inetera out of 28,741 were not read. Mr

De Berard says that, while moat years show A
ainalier amount collected than is due the eity,
in tks the difference wasen the other side and
an excess of $174,468 was collected. Mr. De
Berard says

My present purpose is not to demonstrate
the absolute amount of the revenue properly
die to the eity, hut tomake clear that the official
data point toa diserepan cy in the water revenues
of about %4,000,000 In a totalof about $11,009,000;
that if the deduction is mistaken, then the
official data are misleading and worthless; that
if the data are sound, then the city has lost over
$4,000,000, and that in either case the systerm ‘s
rotten becanse it conceals either misinformation

or corruption.”

 

MARQUFITE RAMS A STONE WALL.

Steamer’s Propeller Was Loose and No One
Knew It—To Go Into Dry Dock.

The Atlantic transport steamship Marquette,
which arrived from London yesterday after a
tumultuous passage, had a time getting into
her dock at the foot of West Houston street,
Her captain and engineers did not know that
anything was the matter with her until an
Attempt was made to reverse her propeller to
decrease her way as she entered the dock.
Then it was found that the propeller was loose
on the shaft, and the steamship rammed right
into the stone wall of the bulkhead. One of
the nimble seamen dropped a bow fender over
the stem to break the force of the impact, but
the ateel prow cut through the fender, slicing
it as a sharp knife might slice an apple. The
stem was scarred a bit and there was a great
crack inthe stone wall. The hawseP on the
starboard bow of the Marquette was ananped
The steamship will go into dry dock to have
her propeller made fast.

TO PUNISH COLORADO LYNCHERS.

Gov. Thomas Orders Prosecation of the Men
Who Barned a Nepro at the Stake.

Desxven, Col, Nov Gov Thomas haa
directed Aasistant Distriet Attorney McA. ister
to proceed asrainst those engaged in the burn-
ing at the stake of Preston Porter, dr, at Limon
recently. Distriet Attorney McAlister has
ordered Sherif! Freeman of Lincoln county,
where the erlme was commitied and punish-
ment meted out, to arrest the members of the
mob that took the negro from him. State's
Attorney General Campbell in) a roundabout
tanner will be directed to aid in the prosecu-
tion
Gov, Thomas to-day received a letter from
E. do Johnson of ¢ olimbus, Ohio, saving

"You black-hearted demon, you are no better
then the negro who committed the crime, and,
darn you, you and your whole anarchistic gang
ought to be sentto prison for life for upholding
such an outrage as was done to Porter in your
rotten State of Colorado, which is governed
by an Anarchist

“lhe wrath of God ought to fall on your
rebel Anarchist head and 1] believe it will in
time."

The Governor replied at length, closing as
follows You are quite welcome to your
opinion of me, I infer from your letter what
kind of a man you are and take pleasure tn
assuring vou that your animosity is far prefer-
able to your friendship. The only thing that
redeems you from utter contempt is vour will-
ingness to sign your hame to a communication
that disgraces you."

 

 

LASSOED IN A TROLLEY ROPE.

Odd Accident to Two Sewer Diggers Which
Lands Both in the Hospital.

While Thomas Fitzpatrick and Frederick
Dorman were digving a sewer at Sedgewick
avenue and 186th street vesterdoy afternoon,
a car came along and caught Fitzpatrick in
the bight of the trolley rope which was trafling
down to the pavement at the side of the car
from the upper end of the pole. The rope
vanked the man off his feet before » had time
to say “damn” to the conductor o save hit
self he chitched Dorman by the waist and Dor-
man went down tor In a struggle to break
away he got tangled up in the rope himself.

The power was off because the weight of
the two men draggea the pole away from the
overhead trolley wire, but the car was on a
down grace and the sewer diggers were dragged
ten feet before the. motorman could stop it
Roth were cut and bruised They were taken
to Fordham Hoszital. John Hogan, the nio-
torman, was arrested.

 

  

TNE “CANNED GOODS" WAS DYNAMITE.

 

Expressman Left Nine Cases of It by Mistake
Servant Went at I¢ With a Hammer,

PLAINFIFLD, N. 1, Nov. 22 —Elwood Staats,
an exprossman, left nine cases of dynamite
at the house of E. A. Woltmann in West Seventh
street yesterday afternoon instead of some
boxes of canned goods which he had been
ordered to deliver there, A servant opened
one of the boxes with a hammer and chisel
before the mistake waa discovered, Woltmann
had bought the canned goods in New. York
and they had heen sent here by freight. Stants
was ina hurry when he went after the goods
and bundled the cases of dynamite into bis
wagon without looking them over. They were
const@ned to John ¥ !
quarry in North Plainfleld, Staats used no
especial care in handling the boxes and they
were deposited in Woltmann's cellar close to
a furnace Staats was called back in a hurry
and took the dynamite away

PIND OUT WHAT'S WRONG WITH CROTON.

 

Water Department Engineer Under Orders to
Make « Survey.

Commissioner Dalton of the Denartment
of Water Supply sent a letter yesterday to
George W. Birdsall, the chief engineer of the
department, ordering him to make a thorough

survey of all the wntersheds from which the
Croton supply is derived, to learn if there is

{any special cause for the impurity of the water

| at present

Mr. Dalton wants an
exam nation of all the lakes, streams and res-
ervoirs of the watershed and asks for an early
report #0 that he can tell the public what ine
matter is

immediate

 

 

Kone Removed From Mr, Sothern's Toe,

The operation performed on the injured
toe of Edward Sothern, the actor, is not thought
to be serious and Manager Walter Lawrence
of Daly's Theatre said iast night that Mr. Both-
erm would be able to resume his tour within
three weeks It was found necessary to re-
move a small section of the bone,” Mr. Law-
rence said last nicht “but there was nothing
serious about the operation

 

 

 

Oneration on Yoone Rallington Booth Bao
ceastul,

Charles Hellirgton Booth, the twelve-year-old

son of Lallington Booth, was operated on suo

cesafoll: for oppendicitis at the Presbyterian
Hospital yesterday by Dr H A. MeCosh | His
mother, Mande Ballington Booth, was with him.
She suid last nieht that her son would get well,

Threatens to Warm Up Again.

The weather threatens to get warmer again

A low pressure has formed between us an
the cold wave in the northwest cutting the a
wave off completely.

exer dea! Balinntloe's india Pale Als tage

 

 

 

i itil i transect

Wilson, who tuns @ stone |

  

 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  

VOR TO WAKE THEIR CONSTITUTION

IN PURTIO MLETINGS.

fine Candidate for President Already Taiking
to the Gallery The tstand's Helations ta
the Untied States Neing Diecassed by the
Delegates Adoption of Convention Rates

S neta

Cable Decateh to Tite Site
Havasa, Nov 22 The Constitutional Cen.

vention decided to-day by a vote of 19 te 19
fo hold pubhic sessions Thes will probably
infuence the behavior of many of the dele-

Buidalde
for the Preside nes

waites lamave, who ia a eandidate
in anoing that the seasions
should be public, made a flowery appeal to the
people in the galleries, directing his remarke
directiv at them He suid among other things
that they must net interrupt by applause, bul
should justify the reputation they had for good
Pele

The President of the convention ealled Sefior
Tamayo to order and instrneted him to ad-
divas himself tothe convention and not to the
galleries After much quarrelling Seftor Ta-
mavo apolowized,

Defor Aleinan spoke in favor of private aes-
sions He said the time would come when the
delegates: would have deal with delicate
subjects, such as the relations hetween Cuba
and the United States, and whether the Presi-
dent of the Republic must be a native born
Cuban In the latter case a distinguished
personality would be discussed, meaning Gen
Meximo Gomez, who is a native of Santo Doe
toingo Much ill feeling would he prevented
by helding private seasions he said

The convention adopted the report of the
Coniumittee on Rules na far as artlele aa tt
was declded two-thirds of the delegates should
constitute a quorum. If there is net a quorun
Present af two cansecntive seasiona the nb-
sent members shall be notified. Sefior Zavae
obiected that in apite of a notifientton the
delegates might not attend, in which case
the sessions might he indefinitels suspended.
‘The convention, however, refused to make
any change

There was some discussion as to whether
the delegates should be obliged to vo e on
all matters coming before the convention. It
was decided that they must, bu each member
will have the right to explain his vote Any
delegate can demand that a record be kept
of his particular vote in the minutes of the con-
vention

Article 94 of the miles provides that nftar
the convention is fully organized, et@ht dave
will be allowed the delegates in which to pro-
bose bases for a constitution, an entire eon-
stitution or partial projects therefor  Sefior
Liorente objected to this, saying that eight
(ays Was too short @ time for such a purpose
Furthermore every delegate might present
a complete constitution, which would make
the diseussions interminable

Sefior Cepoto drew attention to the articles
Immediately following article 94, which pro-
vide that all proposals shall be handed to a
committee, This committee shall draw up the
final project, which will be the only one sub.
mitted for disenssion.

Sefior Sanguily said that as the conditions
which are to exist between Cuba and the United
States would probably determine the eflcace
or non-eflcacy of the constitution, the delegates,
when presenting projects to the convention,
should also state what conditions they eonsid-
ered should exist between the two countries
He added that fn his opinion the constitution
could not be considered apart from these con-
ditions. The convention then adjourned

The proposition of Seftor Sanguily ereused
keen discussion among the delegates after the
adjournment. Some held that the terms of
Gen. Wood's apeech opening the convention
left the constitution entirely to that body

The Committee on Rules, in preparing its
report, consulted the French, Spanish and
Cuban autononist pariiamentary rules.

Che speech of Sefior Tamayo anpeeling to
the gallery is used as the best argument against
pibtioc seceiona.

Messrs. Conant and Wricht, offictal attarneve
in the Post Office prosemitions, have heen en-
tirely retieved of charge of the cases. and have
handed the papers to the fiscal. Seflior Rubens
will probably suceeed them.

to

 

PROM SALT LAKE TO THE COAST.

W. A. Clark and Others Organire a Company
to Boild an 1,100-Mitle Ratiroad.
Saut Laker, Utah, Nov A new line «
railway to connect this city with the Pacis
Coast at Loe Angeles soens now in a fair w
to be built A group of eenitalists headed
by WA Clark, the Montina millionaire, orrise4

hers vestorday, and articles of tneerpornt

on .
22

will be filed with the Secretary ef Store 1.
morrow The capital stock ef the eons
was placed at 826.000.0000, of whieh 26 000.00

hac already heen paid up

The directors of the company are
Clerk, Montana: © W
Kerens, Missouri; FW
Leigiiton, Missouri. 7

Wia
Clark, Montoanas R ©
Clark, Missouri GB

Ross Clark, California

T F Miller, California: Perry S Heath, Wash-
ineton, DC hones Kearn. Utah WRM
Cormick. Utah, and Reed S Mott, t iat TN

afternoon the directors elected «ffcers nef

lows President. Vi A (Clort ‘ Vie
President, Ro) Kerens! Seeand \ ice Preside
J Poss Clack: Third Vice-President, 7 Bo aii
bon! Seeretarv, TF Miller. Treasurer FOO
Kele

The road when cammleted will have a tract.
age of 1,100 miles. The Fropire Construction
Companys was orgenized with a paid-up canita
of $1,000,090 to undertake the entire construc.
tion of the new road 4 develonment ean.
pany was orernived, with 5.000.000 capital
and Thomas Kearn oe Pres'dent) Perry S
Heath as Vice-President and KOC.) Kerena, Jr
4a Secretary. Tt will control town sites and
real estate along the line of the road

FROST MAY BRING WATER FAMINE.
Anxtety in Brookivn Over Scantiness of the
Soppls.

The decision of the Court of Appeals tn favor
of Farmer Forbell and against theeity., whic 4
compels the city to pay him $6.000 damages and
grants a perpetral injunetion restraining the
authorities from driving wells along the lir
of the water supply svstem of Brooklyn, is
causing the officials who have charge of the
water «vatern @reat anxiety, Chief Engineer
Van Buren said that @ sharp frost at this time

one that would lock up the surface supply
even for a slugle day—would cause a water
fomine in Brooklyn,

The supniv of water, It ia anid, ia verre scan:
and vesterday the storage water reached i <«
Jowest mark when only a total of 100,0\).5.)
gallons was reported from the various storaee
reservoirs The Ridgewood yoir showed
only @ feet 6 Inches of water here were \a

feet in the Mount Prospect station. In realits
there Was omy suMotent water in storage to
e

make good & ys supply
1 ey in the worst condition

“The water sup
in its history,” sald Engineer De Varona, “and
that is saying a good deal on't know what
we will do about it, Weareliable to havea frost
at any time which will close things up tight,
end even if we don’t we can't last niuch longer

-e might tsaue a proclamation to the people
of Brooklyn to prey for rain That doesnt
always ork, but it seems about as good a way

as an

“Atalitant Corporation Counsel Carr said:

*This infunetion will not cut off the eupply

from Spring Creek immediately and will have

no bearing upon the present drought the

city decides fo condemn the Forbell property,

that action would naturally act as a stay to

the injunction and the purnps may sul] be used.”
c © of Time on the

General Chang eclteon Peansyivania

On Sunday next, November 25, the Pennaytvan'
Company will make te usual rem oe

of Ume for the winter season =A num s
fn loos! Waine will be made. —Ace. si