i
|
’

wt =

 

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

NOVEMBER 28, 1900.

 

THIRD RAIL SURFACE ROAD, |

PONMAL OP PNING OF THE TIN FRroW Hranete Xavier
HE DRON 10 ATHAND The treat notable ealetea fot Ceellla'e
! ' Vor) wie
biret Matiwar of the Mind ta the World for Chae Pra Cae {
Pretaght an@ Passenger Pram the Power nanth atrae ‘ ere@a Aileeh the
to fen the Drnemos te Obtatned Prom hae la ’ tat : ye ne
Starvesemt Velie Capttatioe and Hall her iia t jee
road Men of Thie Ofer Ga OQver the Eine the reat ’ at { tet and
tlenaon, N VY, Now 2 lheaertt face f tha ' rome edt
allroad oettoed and eratedt wo All f ” Ienathue
and Hodeen taiway and wer ' " ! : i " ie ‘ ‘ ' $ a cs
formally opened ‘his afterno enn f A gh Fi taleeenn
oO Care, caoTy ite a Compe f New York cat fk tasiag f hel
uullate and ralinoad cen ,a fromd tri aor oe jomerae wm tauatons
between thie atty and henvelaer, forum lt brat f the dav were held it
ealied Kast oany, the soutvern ter auf . theo hes he dt Chureh
the road The feral opening of the line ree Vary the Virgin? ny years
amounted to a tour of Inspection, and rt e " : ‘ . he fins be a ye t iar ial Bite
than ordinary internt attached to the event | eet een eee lay when. that falls
among faliroad meu, because thu te the frat Jon an ineonvens nt day 4) ver  coOMNntry
surface ralirand in fie word operated bw elaoe | There ay sat : annd Gevnita? ardetios named
trieity which ia intended to serve the pul ’ | rie hep featival dates |
asa common earfer in theaame Way asa fea Then it was ce
railroad It ta aleo the first railroad in the | da Cert churehes
f eday. inm

  

id passer

 

world catartng for both freught
traffle whose motive power ia euppled tarous
tie third rat!

The formation of Uria company was reeils
due to Charies Cooper of Brooklon, who
the founder of the Kings Counts Flectri:
Company Mr Cooper has a country
at Great Barrington, Vass, and ff hus
hia custom for severm@ vears to drive nerosa

wae
Dtwut
place

been

horses ‘rom

 

country in the autumn to ship his
Hudson to New York, Ip making thease trips
he had to pase Stuyvesant Folia, atyout Cen

f Hudeon, on Kinderhook Creek
atilized Ds late 4

milea north

These falla were firet the

T. Stewart inany veare avo to furnish power
to operate woollen mills, which he bulit a short
distance below the falls

When Mr. Cooper first saw these falls the

thought cocurred to him toat the power from
thetr fall of water might be used with profit

 

in operating an electric railway) The offener
he saw the falls the more Impressed he became
with the feasibility of his ortginal idea, fie |
made some inquiries and found that a dead-ant-

alive oonvern, offieialiy styled the Kinderhook

and Hudson Railway (on pans, was operating
@ steam rallroad between jiudson and the
hamlet of Niverville, a doveo miles or #0 north
of Hudson, fle also Jearned that a company
culled the Greenbush and Nassau. Railway
Company was operating a ne between what
was then Fast Albany and now Rensselaer
and the hewnlet of Nassau, a few miles north
of Nivervilla Both of these linos were freight
and paasenser feeder for the Kosten and
Albany, the New York Central and the leb-
avon Spring*® railroads

Mr Couper lad been agssooiated, and ls now,
with Alden M. Youna, who has been the big
man in Braokiyn eleotrie jighting for severd
vears. Mr. Comper told Mr. Young that he
thought there was money to be made lu ae juir-
{ng Btuyvesant Falla and the two smu: rail-
roads roentioned above and operating an
trio road from wWhidson to Albany. by
necting the two lirms at Nivervice and mu
a tratie artangement with the surface
running from East Albany to Albans

Mr Young went over the ground with Mr
Cooper and agreed with him, but he saw that
it would be necessary to acquire the franchises
of the surface roads in Hudson, the franchise
for ligbtang Hudson, and tho franchise for
lighting the village of Rensselaer, if the venture
sliould be a profitable one Having come to
this conalusion, Mr Young said he waaild try
to get the necessary capital He succeeded in
interesting RK. A. ©. Smith of 100 Broadway,
New York; Henry (> Runkle and a few othera
‘lhe rewut was the Stuyvesant Falls water
power, tho steam railroads mentioned, the
surface roads of Hudson and the gas aud electric
light oompendes of Hudson and iensseluer
were acq and the new company bewan the
bh ane of the new railroad about ten months
ARO he work was completed about @ month
io

fourtng the od of conetruction, the Kinder-
hook and Hudson Rallway and the Green-
hosh and Nassau lellway were connected hy
hetiding the pteoe of road from Nassau to S iver
vole. ‘This hartr been done, 9 brond-ananice
railroad, minning between Hitideon and Rens-
selner, had been built. Then what is sad to
be the finest surface railroad mower station
in the world was bullt in a valler on the site
of the old Stewart nulls, about half a mile be-
low Stuy ve eat ! alls

From the falls to the power station two great
-Inch steel pipes were laid and eonnected
with three powerful double turbine wheels,
apon which the piped water from the falls wia
to fall and set In metion the giant dynamos
that were to wenernte the electricitr Seven
emaller pipes were | ud to feed the seven smaller
turbines The distence the water was thus
carried was 3,000 feet and the fal] seoured from
the creat of the dam to the turbines was 104
Jeet. The volume of water thus failing upon
the turbines was 1,200 gallons per second. To
provide for any contingens y resulting from
the failure, for any reason, of the water power,
an engine was installed, capable of develop-
{ng 2,500 horae power, for the generation of
electricity When cermpleted, the company
ad a plant of 4,500 horse power in the three
large dynamos and 1,500 horse power in the
seven smiuller dynamos, or 6,000 horse power
from the entire plant
Havi a trie the bufldings and tnetalled the

{

elee-
cone
king
lines

 

 

 

   

1 t, the company proceeded, after having
etudied carefully the problem of electric trac.
tion, na applied to an electric railroad intende
for both freizht and passenger trafic, te ey

 

om the central mawer « on at Stuy.

  

oars »a short distance south of Rens-
eelner with the third rafl and to eanneot hts
rai! with the feed wires, Then it bhourht twenty

 

oars, titted with the “shoe” to take up the elec.

 

 

   
    

 

   

tri from the third rail, as well aedhe over.
head trolley pole The litter was to be used
in eneroting the line from Hudson taSturyecart
Falls and from a point rt distance south
of Renaselier to at it aleo made
Kuch connections ¢ rv to lighe
Rensselaer and i the electr
ears in the latter ef : d atibe
power stafions aera
and et two other noints t he line

All this work was eom)) shotit@ desnth
ago ata coast of about? 00.000 The comy snap
is capitalized at present jor @2.500.000, and an
much of the conatruction hina Kaen pare a
to pay for thus far has been pad the enle of
about $2,000,000 of the first mortgage bonds of

the company

l¢ was this property thata company of nbout
a hundred capitalists and roflroad men «
York were invited to inspect vesterday
New Yorkers were the siesta of Messrs ROA
T.. Smith, Henry @ Ronkleand Alden Mo Young

’
the three men who are most heavile interested |

in the company. ‘hey were brought to dlud
son on a spectal cratn whiel left the Grand Can-
tral Station at 845 o'clock this morning. In
the party were the following

Ms-Lieut-Gov. Wiiha sr
niso intereated In the corn: Lx-Gov. David
BR. FE, em to the eou par ~& P. Bryan,
General M yo of the Rapid ‘Transit Sub-
way Conetrietlon Company; John Bo McDon-
ald. the bulider of the tunnel, S 1. PL bevoe
Chile? Enelnser of the Ray fa Transit Subway
‘ toy Company, and Po Bo Stilwell,
leeteteal Dlreetor e company, Capt
William Henrw Wii gan apd water works
engineer, Woo dwin, President of the
loin M. Ht President
of the New York Neve Haven and Hortford
hairoad Co’ NOH -ectrie tt
f er of that road il. Mo Pot Senora
Moony f the Long Istand hobo: « ”
\. Moore, of the railroad « pplies Arm of Man
rive. Maxwell & Moore: ¢ ios W
| of the Rlectrical Memen, CA
ident of the Genernl Electrie Company
) A Cowles, of the Ansorta Rroag Compa

N. Pabtinson of the Amerlean Bridae Com-
Borne, Preside vlontal
Trust Campeny: TT. C. Martin, edjtor of the
Mleetrie World ~ Charles SM Hemflowav, Mr
Crane Chief Bngineer of the Alhane and Hide

 

ehan, who le

 

 

  

    

    
 

Ihe
Long Island Railroad

rer
aver ¢

f'rfvo
Com:

t of the ¢

eon Rat : ind Power Company Manitoe
Hane General Minager of ° COmMDpAN. 4
several othe

When the spectal reached Hudson, the parte
boarded two of the electric cars and started

     
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

for Ler Rech oar tintained ar
average for the dietance iirt¥-nine
re iles f mit thirty-Awe mileaan hour and
on some stretote the speed was as ‘iih aa
fit miles an hour Even when running at
t higher of theee two rates, the onre rar Ae
srnoothiv ae if moving at a much elower enme }
hie was cominented on All the rad
men and thoae interested in the company were
heartily mneratulated On the return tetn
to thiaeity a etop was tniade at the North ¢ t
ham aub-nower station te inspert the pliant
(in the aide of the station one of the railroad
macnitas notieed the fo dower

Here m ang here ii st

1 hey turn on the 'r

   

 

   

 

  

Mov waa chalked up by
" wv This company
n ite sa ngont
' tH ! friend not ex
\ . Phat was written only
9 hoped to be translated to the
in Mleetric chair
ff the moany te lore
ireuch from Hudson to Alba
Hudson t Rensselaer It
eer. is a feeder for hoth the New York Centra
and the Boston and Albans hmnvine far
products from the country side to those lines
Qnd will thus be a benefit to the farmers as well

Qs to the steam roads

| lasted about
;t
} asink

|
| cele roeged here from! Ff M. ¥

aT. CROULIAS DAI

Fine Wasical Promeamme at the Chareh of Mt,

 

 

  
  
 
 

hes

th thee berets
‘do be @pectal eer.
bout the preceeding
man Catholic par
ralistic Pptseapal

every Important
veeper service

the eelebration of
hy featival begins with the

the fe vat

Ay Wataleoattr
mane « the seenlar s °
Cecilia, whieh exista
particularly in the @mafler «

   

e for ealebration by
ea ntmed for st
the United states,
ties

 

ORGANIZED LABOR BEATEN.

    
      

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

| TROOPS COWING FROM PORTO NICO.
i

THIRD RAIL TRIAL TRIP. |

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'D. C, ROBINSON ARRESTED,

 

  

  

 

  

  

 
 

 

 
   
        
    

   

   

 
  

 
 

 
     

 

 

 

Transport Mettetian Hringing Artitiery and
FLECTRIC MOTOR CANS ON SPCOND AVR tnfantey to thie City HIS COUSIN, MES. MOINELL, AURA TO
Str rinvarrnp Waattitotey Sow hed f the RECOVER 44,000 Th, $l b We { k e
The Vow rete Will Shorten the Time to Mar ne a ees Gervice, free 4 , =, — The Defendant Whe Was Once Maron of Limire he s Obe-Wernicke Vo,
fem Fran 4Ofe 10 Minetes aod Mare Praine aaa "s te aia oD aa a nee * fun and Is (ow, Hotinsoa’s Son, Gives O9,800 | FULTON ANDO PEARL STS.
Wil He Run Caretahetteated andtighted vi with tatters eh a oe Fifth A te Reteased the Plainu@ Save
he Pleetetetts 4&4 Sacceweetal Teat Artillery and ; omnes f Kieventh Infantry, | er Husband's tneweance Money, Every conven.
Pheotictal trial of the new expe | oboe mboord  Theartiliery #il) on arrival at New Col David © Kohinson, former Mavor of ience desired for
tre train ef the Manhart evated road © York itharved New Vor late Finite and ao aon of Lietue Robinson, at one filing business
Anemade seetarday and proved ent te | NATTANG Oh tie, Geren talanity bow. 4 trie Governor, was nerested at the Imperial | papers, with «
tripe were made between Kift shit Mind nter the reatinent’s head. Hotel on Wedneaday ntght be Deputy Sheriff Perey
) fourth etroet 1 Ninet nd street on the artersand band  Pheae troone will be landed = Walgering in an vet rennet cunt hin | pansion to meet
Second avenue line and there waa net a hiteh 1 Nev wn x a, w heriese cine ¢ a a Re his cousin, Me Mary Mo Meinell, to recover growing demands,
Quite a number of gentienen intereeted in | fey ty Waaunetinr hort, ln Phe eompany | 8.0, which #he save eho entenatad to him to are found in the
New York and Brooklyn traction companies | relorning { Modlelian will aise come to invest for her Te wave the @7.f00 ball required
| ARG varios representatives af the tig See it ' rt Crooke left New York to-day |? Jer the order of arrest, which was iesued by Globe-Wernicke
{trical companies were pascen@ere op the train r “fog aod San Juan te take on board dustion Andrews of the Supreme Court
and apparent they were all hig? Pieaeed We te ee he bifth Cawair Where horses Col Robinson was indicted in i498 on eames 4 ELASTIC
y With the teal Fee ee ne eee e te Port Bua Plaint of tha M@tual Life Insurance Company Call and see !t or send for catalogue 33.
\ # those who were pasgengers 6 ONO) Atle Vernont. Phe Crook «illretumn te Porto for lareeny in connection sith the placing of CABINET
trip or another as guest. of the elevated road | hie for the remaining two troy the FIT mortgages of (825.00 dustlee Sim th dlemtseod Also Elastic Book-Cases, Card indexes, Desh,
were HOW Vreeland, President of the Metro. | 4 Iry brinwing them to a ee the tndietmpnt in Deen ber, iso4, on recom
politan Street Laliwar Company; Mod. Stare | yy our far wtation Se mendation of Distriet Attorney Gardiner, and
rett, chlef engineer of the Metropolitan: Wo A. | Col Robinson has an action pending against
{ Pre , eleetrienl engineer of the Metropolitan, TO REDUCE THRE WAR TAX. the Ineuranes eomnans to reco. er €624,000 dam-
fand WA Potter, chief engineer of the rail ! ages for having him indicted
road depa tment of the General Electric Com. A Rednetion of Over 830,000,000 Decided | The plainti? ia the widow of Capt. Henry
1 pany | Upon by the Wars and Means Committee, Clay Meluell, Third Artillery, U.S. A, who
| The first trip ownae echeduled to be mado nt | WaaHtnotos, Nov 22- The Republican meme | died on July tf, isat, insured in the Mutual | 9 o g
19 o'clock, Until that hour the train stood | bers of the Wars and Means Com*nittee to-day | Iifea. Col Rooinson obtained the insurance | Boys and Girls Hose
| the S -seventh oe . hose whe an miala * athe a a ‘ 1 joney .r, ountit o $3.9 ‘ a\ eD
| in IXtV¥-seven street yard Those ho pleted theie consideration of the bill to joe {90 her. amounting to $3.8 ” he save auaaw

had invitations went to the Sixtv-'fth street | A aub-comrrittoe
station and wera permitted to wala along the |
tracks into the vard where they eould board
the tral: The third suil which carries the a'eo

ticenrrent ran right along the footpath and the

reduce the war revenue tax

 

Daly

 

and Representatives

will rechtce the war tax by considerably

      
  
  

        

   

    

 

 

   
   

   

   

    
 
   
 

   
     

 

      

 

        

was appointed, consieting of Chairman Payne | the anount Son She

dratt a bill along the nea decided upon, rehich |
over |

she added $120 to make
said she knew Robin.

throu@h blew and that

believed he
when he said he could secure the largest possi-
ble returns from the fund she hod ceoentidence

  
 

 

   

 

 

 

. expectant passengers were warned bv the | es ooo00 annually his rant ut in Kis statement. Prom At 18o1, until
, SS), wmirally rh neasure wi a | nen ? “ wi, uh
SnAg 10 Denes Soe = Vee j Station hands to be mightv careful about etey ported to the full committee on Dee 1, and | Mav, 1807, she asserts she recetved $0 every
Fails in North Carolina. ting Upon it if thes expected to ride on the | itis probable that when it pnaaes the House | vee mi nthe from Tot neon, She under.
. trai There ire ‘ ane sferre 4 . t stood this money was tnoome -avimenta hav-
" wan . ‘ ov. 22--0 ize roar There was fo wre t need for | and is referred to the : inance (on mittee of the n
‘ Beattnaton : : “ e bi es apecia as the heavy timber guard | Sena additional uctions will be recone | We coased, she wrote to Lim on Aug. 16, 1897,
{labor has received a knock-out blow in this | pais , of the steel conducting ralla | mended. Tho membera of the Ways and | from Castile, N ‘
| part of the country A two months’ atrike | so prota me owould have to carefully | Mleans Comnuttee are «worn to aecrecy on the | My Dean Cotsin: Don't you think it would
of the emplovees of the twenty-odd cotton mills | Insert © wrween fhe timbers in order | sit and none of them will say what features | be ordinary kindness in vou to give me some
‘ ; Se ie re than | '?.come in contact: with kven |! of »presant law will be recommended for oe | &tTleinent concerning ny interestain vour charve
j{o Alamance county, Involving mor ahi then there world be no dat the foot | change or what interests vill receive the benefit | 4nd to send the tittle sam due this quarter
| 4.000 hands, has cometoanend The employ- { Was « another rail, cory eire | of the reductions to te made At least let me know hew the whole matter
| ees are ecrambiir wek to work as individuals, | This A tithe «ore the electricians anid stinds Ll cannot bear to doubt you. Tet me
havie > turned r backs on tt haon lhe | remirked, wher dWe would be dangerous keep my confidence: give men frank explana-
strike wos the result of an attempt te torce a |. The train consi of six cars, a motor car | Army and Navy Orders, tion, no Matter what has become of the money?
recognition of the union by the rill owners (at each end and f tervening eoa (h@ )  WasuinatoNn, Nov, 22. These army orders have | Yo are in heavy ciMioulties, T know, but you
here had never been labor trouble here 7 Coaches look mu erame as those now in use, | teas are etrone, capable nature with comforta
up to & few months ago Northern labor aie | Dut they are a a motor cars | Deen tsaued se . | and possibilities stul within vour grasp {
tatom with the vg of ne minliiowners, | have acabar it the front of Lieut Col, Henry Jackson, Fifth Cavalry, from | am utterly alone, cid, weak, friendiess, moneys
ans hat & ith ern Fit ' we the train has nt end The | For to Jefferson barracks. lee Jess, Lhomeleas, helpless ”
annie handicaps as themaels yen ti CAP AL (he rear lita the # rear, and ek clty to F ncanan in from | Sho quotos one of his return notes ae fol-
sar ; , ead stele reat of the space in the motor car le devored | Pascid: Thavien Atal, Wiel lows
nd organized the employees A eriats ¢ : e a 4 1 Lieut, Charles Abel, Fignhteenth Infantry, | 'OY
when the d. M. Holt Manufacturing Company lt seate bach ¢ rocar has four motors. Slocum to conduet rectults to San Francisco. | I do not see the nrofit of auch remarks as
lend to discharge a foreman at the demand Those used yesterday were 130 horse power sin 1, Chamberlain, Inspector-Gencral, | YOur last hote contains f have done the best
the union A atrike followed ‘the hands Those with whieh the road fs to be equipped | go tuis ett T know how throngh veors of bitter trials to
in the other milastruck it nathy, and for | Will be of 120 horse power [he following transfers are made in the Tenth o mect my oblgations to vo. and you have had
tro tnenthe there has b idleness and want The advantages claimed for the new system | Cavaire. Capt Levi P. Hunt, from froop I] to Troop | 6 per cent. where your money was worth 4,
nlante hitherto wred With steam traetion are that ft ie | hk, Capt. Hovers D. Head, Jr, from troop K to) and quarterly payments where half vearly
' . poesitrle ake higher speed between stations | Troop i J onea would have been vaunl, Under the efr-
or | tit Against union Inbor Tho strike | 2nd that owing fo the possibility of starting and The following assienments to reciments of of- | Giumstances, for vou to talk about losing faith,
Te a 6 06 nied houses owned by the oe Stopping the trains more easily schedule runing | cers recently promoted are made: Lieut. Col. James j #e,, would hardly seem fair or generous, T
‘ \ 1 HO’ time may be lowered and more trainge tun ¢ to the Nineteenth Infantry; Major Richard | da hot intend that vou or yours should ever

 

tuntes refused to Pay rept ‘Threa weeks

Chey

   

 

eee re wne |
| The mill owners banded together and agread |

    

 

uring | st!

One ot the factors in stopping the TY. Yeetman, to the Twenty second Infantry

rush hours
Acting Assistant Surgeon William L.. Whittington,

they were served with notices to ge | cm , ; i
*) : pes re to go to, | rain more quickiv is the acdopiion of the air a ‘ 1 , ¢ atin. tas sacs
ener eriee ae ey woud rent new p brake. The vucuum brake is in use on the ‘ore te “ she Piuitppt F tslenes, Senne Oe a
a a re rh wee K ‘the Sher has been evict. | stern trai: ; augerin Seine
ome« ota wee \e ras be ete | tral . ; :
ing them The national organization, which | fk wen iy train h alled ee Ras one vere at " These naval orders were tssued:
{ . j me v ao oye f ® moto t epe ‘ » : of .

1d prornised to Subpor them, vo Id net atand 1 along down to the Sixtv-fifth atreet statfon } Capt. J. K. MeCowan, to duty as Commandant
the atraln and the strikers fn disgust forswore | gi eat: wags ewite ed to the middle track to | neve station, Key West, gailiug from New York

 

the unfon and went back t
Until the combing of t yroagitators
North Carolina has been free from labor troubles
and the mill hands have been peaceful and
eontented The Southern mill ownera dee
termined to nip the agitation of arrogant
trades untonism In the bud and succeeded

  

   

BEGGAR WITH A GOLD WATCH.

Panhanditng With a Pal on Breadway When
Arresied Offered a Bribe.

Comp alnts that two ab'e-bodied beggars have
heen too persistent {n asking alras on Broad-
way have been coming to the police for several
devs, and laet night the begearsa were arreated
Policeman Hayes of the Second district police

court followed the men from the Casino Theatre

 

   

 

down Broadway to Thirty-second street and
there na i them, | he placed the
pair under arrest Haves ciwithem efop a dozen

 

     

+ manner and demand money.

   

menin ne &

 

Gin the way to the Tenderloin police station
Naves'a prisoners tried to induce him to let
them go. ‘The larger of the two men said he

 

da wold watch and chain
whieh he wonld ingly present to the police.
man for his fre In the police etation
this man said Le was James Marvin, & moulder,
20 years old, of 171 Allen street. He had a
Ro! {watch and cheip and $2.50 in nickela and
t

id some mone.

  
 

imes lis eompanton said he was Henry
Firnn, a machinist 27 years old, of 21 Monroe
atreet) He had about a dollar in small change
and cigars tn his pocket,

TORNADO STRIKES MARBLETOWN.

The Reformea Chnorch and Horse Sheds
Wrecked and Trees Uprooted.

Kixoston, NY, Nov 22- Reporte from
various parts of this county south of this elty
show that the wind storm on Wednesday after-
noon did considerable demage At Marble-
town it was like a tornado, and cutaswath
about fiftw feet wide through the place, de-

atroying everything in ite path ‘Lhe eide
of the Retormed ¢ hurch, which lay tn the path
of the tornado, wae blown in nut three feet
and the corresponding wall on the other aide
of the edifice was blown out about the same

 

 

distance The roof was torn of in places,
and the steeple and bell were blewn to the
round, the framework surrounding the bell |
eing blown for a contiderable distance The |
horse shed on the side of the church was
wrecked. The roof of the shed was blown
across the graveyard and landed in the woods |

{n the vieinity were uprooted
for gome distance. The storm
lve minutes Durtne that time
e rain tell in torrents and the sky was black

beyond Trees

and hiown

 

 

GALE SWEPT COLORADO SPRINGS.

About 200,000 Damage to Property, but No
Loss of Life Reported.

Col, Nov. 92-The

terday to 8

to-day, the wind blowing from the south-

and west and attaining rinete miles an

SrrRiInca,

  

COLORADO

AM

west

J hone velocity All telephore ad telegraph
vires nent down early yesterday afternoon
Al] trains were held here for aeveral hours
mtit a wire conld be stretched. bast right
he citv was in the dark It was na night of

error ight "freon

During the afternoon andr

rea started, each threntering the eltv'® ox.
Fence In Colorado Srringa and Colorado
‘I £9m.000 damage was done to brilaings,

ee

vofe rnd plate glace
evtended thirty-five miles eouth

 

the Fountain Valley and twenty-five
p the Monument hiundreds of ranches
sewept clean of all buildings end prod ‘

 

 

No fatalities are reported thoush the casual:
Imerovs

{

|

|

|

| Vhe etern
wr

|

 

TENNESSEE'S FATAL STonw.

List of Dead From Tucedar'’s Tornado Now
Numbers Thirty-three,

Nasrivirne, Tenn., Nov, 22.—The ereord of
deaths from injurtes austained In the «form

| which awept over Tennessee on Tuesday nigit
| was increased to-dae {hrea persons, who were
hort at Cloverport This makes the total num-

| her of deaths thirte-three and the
injured forty-three, so far as know .
t rts saat Columbia and vietnity is placed
j Many poor people ha lost their
| nes an fall the'r poseessiona, anda fund for
| their relief is beingraised

 

1).

 

 
     

 

Merrepont- Reed,
of Mis. Kathryn Ischel Read,

 

 

The marria

 

 
 
 
  

daughter ef the late Josink Reed of Wermouth,
Mass, to Robert Low Pierrepont of Brooklyn
tool place Inst evening at Grace Episeopal
| Church on Columtun Hewehts Rishop Chaunes
Breweter of Conrne: ! fo riv rector of

 
 
 

 

 
   

     

   

 

 

   
  

   

the church, oficdated, aeaiste by the R
Ihr Frederies Rorges tha present reer
| Miss Marion Wooleow wae par of boner. and
} the bride srr la were Miee Agne Chittenden,
Mise Marie Liteh#eld. M Milian Finele, Miea
| Tos Low, Miss Hele: Dodee and Miss Ethel
| Morris of Hrooklen, and Mica Helen Fountaur
] ard Mies vl e Toll.reok yston Ie
& Merrepont, Jr. bret » briderra:
was best man, and the Stave
| son Plerreper Seth Low Pier: me Wo
how, Je, Art Curlies and Harold Tredwa
White of Bro . and Ro Stuyvesant Pierre.
pont, Stuyvesant Fish Morris, Jr Penianir
ind John tnuaerseil’ of Manhatty
“a bre *r, Raiph Durvea Reed, of
N } rave her awa Follow- |!

nenv t! ‘woe
ert,

bride's

 

a recention at 44
f Mrs Samuel &

  

'
teniaean os
Dirvea, th

Frick -Seoengler,

 

 

 

York, Pa, Nov. 22- Moss Louise Marguerite
Spangler ghter of Edward Spangler, pro. |
Prietor of th jerk D was married this
evening to ©. CL Frick, coshier of the Securit
Tithe and Trust Comount, and ‘Treasurer of
the Yor thetn Uealroad The ceremony
was performed at the re nee of the bride's
j irents fy the Rew Charles James Wood, D
', rector of St. John's Protestant |} piseopal
Charch, Mise Juliet Spangler, a sister of the
brice, was moid of honor. and Mr. Norris Jl
Frick, a cousin of the bridegroom, was best
man

number of

wyatt the passage of an uptown train. Then | Dt 4 . :
. ; — apt. Rom. Impey, detached from Key West naval
{tf rioved awiftiv over tothe uptown track and | g¢ation on reporting of relief and to Mare Island yard,

     

 

 

hunimed awa to Niners -sec ond street wit! ut | Lieut nt Commander T. M, Potts, detached from
stopping Coming back it ran clearto Fittw- | Leawue Isiand yard and to Branch Hydrographic
fourth street, stopping for poesthly thirty | Ofce, Philadelphia

feoonda at hight v-sixth stiwet and made the | lieit S, \. Graham, to the Saratoga, instead of

thirte-e zht blocks In four minutes. This wag | to the Wabash.

practically thirty miles an hour Lieut. ©, F. Eiughes, from the branch of the Hydrm-
Mr Hovelton told the reportere who were on j STAT Ae meee adelpbia, and to the North Atiantio

fhe train that when the new svetein waa in | St4tion for duty .

operation loeal traina in rush hours would make asta ‘ ws FR BAte, Crier te? pudato terones:

at least fourteen miles an hourasagninst eleven ) (nevee from the Siringha , Wve

or twelve miles an our gow made by the steeimn ‘Lieut.’ Wiliam R. Cushman, detached

trains, whereas in rush how it now takes | Pranklin and to the Wadasi. —

forty-nine minutes for lowal traina to go from “

the Battery to 155th street on the Sixth avenue

line, under the new evstem they will make it in | The Monocacy to Be Docked for the Winter tn

forty minutes, and there will be an increase 1 the Mad of the Pet-Ho.

niumberoftrains There wili be no increase in 7

the speed of express tr , which already roo WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.—In a report to the
Navy Department Rear-Admiral Remey, com-

ata thirtv-five-mitle rate
he ne { , ‘
The new cars are heated and Hbted by een { manding the Asiatic station, says that the gun-
boat Monocacy will be docked for the winter

tricity. The system will be in working order |
within a vear ¢ 1

“Time Lodge of ; in the mud of the Pei-Ho, between Taku and
motive Firemen, , Tientsin. The mud dock ts a Chinese institu

A meeting of the. Juetef
the Brotherhood o
composing the fremen on the Manhattan Kile. | tion A basin is rnade with walle of mud the
}e@hip fe ron into this enclosure, and when the

 

from the

 

 

   
 

   
 

2

 

 

  

 

   

 
 

vated ponds, was held Inst night in the Horton

Building. 110 East 128th «treet, at which the | Water has been drawn off, the entrance is banked
coming change in the motire power on the | Up with mud, leaving the ship high and dry
elevated re » was fnforinally talked over and sate for the winter from the thick ice of

It was decided to take no action unttl It wo northern Chinese rivers. During the Chinese.
nearer the time when the electrio motors wit Japanese War the American
be put permanentiv in operation. One of the | town and Detrel spent the winter in mud docks
oMecere of (ie lodee, which bas a number of | in the Pei-Io

engineers as well as fircmen in tte member-
shin sald

“We antletpate no trouble or any rednetion
of wages when the new evetem goes Into effect
It has heen Intimated that such of the engi-
neem as hecome motormen will receive the
same wees ar thev are now receiving. The
encireera will receive the first call {f there {s
oniv one motorman to each train and the fire-
men may be discharged If there are two
motormen for each train the firemen wiil aleo
be emploved ”

Sint. Alfred Skite of the Manhattan Ele-
vated aald vesterday that there was no tnith
In the etatemernt that any eroplovees had been
notified of any reduction in wages,

 

 

Capt. Meredith Appointed Chief of the Bareau
of Engraving.

of Chicago has been appointed Chief of the
‘Treasury Bureau of Engraving and Printing,
place he formerly he'd underthe Harrison ad-
ministration. Cart Meredich is a Civil War ver-
eran ard @ praotioal printer A deegation of
Tepoeriphical Uni on officers recently cal.ed on
the President to recommend his appoinument,

 

 

Damage to the Port Royal Dry Dock.

 

—— _— WABHINOTON, Nov, 22.--Information was
ACID DESTROY?PD SERVANT'S EYE. received at the Navy Department to-day that

 

the Government drv dock at the Port Roya!
naval station had aix bulges tn the sides, the
water getting underneath and forcing up the
framework, The repatra will cost $6,000 and
while these are to be made, this latest darmage
makes tt evident thatthe dock willbe of little
use herealter

Jealous Former Mistress Who Ponred Vitriol
on Her Not Found Yet.

Lana Schacka, the pretty servant into whose
face her jate employer, Mrs. Max Wolff of ¢6 |
Rutgers atreet, threw two ounces of carholio
acid on Wednesday night at her new home in
Harlem, Was transterred yesterday to b
vie Hospital, Hope of saving one of her es ee
fs gone he police were unable to find Mrs |
Wolff yesterday Hier husband went to the
Madison street station and said that his wife
ostanubles

Bids Invited for the New Naval Gan.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.-A8 a result of the
successful test of the new 12-inch naval gun,
which gave such remarkable reeults in veloci-

    

      

al nas So oe Me ‘os ied that 2 ties at the Indian Head proving ground last
san ee "made j ha ‘to Lena “The "whale week the Ordnance Bureau of the navy has
trouble was due to some meddiesome person enlled | lly + AA " ce ing forgtt ee oF
io} i wenty-f iw f thie ecos of ordnance ia
Hing his wife's head with a pack of Iles, he ; é :
: " tala be tha ralica wane will be manufsetured at the Washing-
sald) Wolff was iby t lice that he had fon Navy Sard

 

better make 4 big effort to find his wife
Methodist Home for the Aged Fatr, Wire Commantcation to Cape Nome.

The Methodist Friseopal Church Home for Wasyrvoton, Nov. 22—Gen. Greely, chief
the Aged began the celebration of {ta fiftieth | of the Army Signal Corps, received word to-

anniversary last night with a fair that will | day that Gen Randall in Alaska had acquired
last for three days The home is at Ninety- | title to the eable line from Cape Nome to St

Michael There is an army post at each plac
2cond atreet and Amsterdam avenne and has $ - . "nee At Cann Pace
second atrer i Aca this will establish communication by wire

    
  

 

 

minboate York. |

WasHInaton, Nov 322.—Capt W M. Mere ‘ith |

 

 

deeniy as T have heen
om } trusted.”
ke a personal
irk on May 23,
iiles, when she
© expense,and the defendant

lose a dollor by me,
wronged and robbed by those wh

Plaintiff avers she went tor
demand for the m mney at
1898, travelling ethan fury
could il afford 1
Greeted her wit!

“Well, what do vou want, anvwar?”

“Leas hoping,” she rave she replied, “to reta
state tof hor “matters atand, ora little
income due, if only a little” She eontinues
“TL said 1 had been freshly stricken, that I al-
ready had a very young child to maintain, and
my eldest son, who should have been my help
and stay, was atric iwith an incurable dis-
ease When she asked for a direct statement
conoerning the investinent, se aave he replied
“Twill not tell vou my business, that ta somes
thing T will nor tell my wife She save further

“LT said, trembling and alarmed, that I had no
intention of intruding on his business, but I
thought this matter was my own affair

She as erts thar she delaved suing because
of the tles and relationship existing between
them. When she called on Oct. 8 last at the
Imperial Hotel he refused to see her

  
  

    
   

        

 

 

 

SALEOF FLIZABEITNHVANLEW'S EFFECTS

Lew Prices of Sonventrs of the Woman Spy's
Sojourn tn Richmond.

Boston, Nov. 22.—There were few present
at the sale of what ts left of the personal estate
of Fiizvabeth Van Lew, the Union apy in Rich-
mond during the Civil War, whieh was held
vesterday afternoon. John leonard, who
was a prisoner In Libby

 

 

ahd wiich was the first | nion fag that met the

  

 

 

eyes of the entering troops under Gen. G t
was sold to Mrs. Nathaniel Thayer for @7~
Other flags broush?t far loss

The booka of Miss Van Lew's library gent
at all sorts of prices. Of the autogra/hs a
beok plate of John Randelph brought 4 and
un antograph of Horace Greeley was sold for
half as muct Letters from. President Gar-

and | werd oF

   

Oliver Wend Holme

' > which Miss Va
$4.50. The furniture |
its real value

  

      

sald fe
went for something lk Four

arin chairs brought 825.75 each, and a sofa
broughi $56 The secretary in which the spy
key t secret despatches vent for $49.

OBITUARY,

 

The Rev. Dr. Anthony Schuyler, the oldest
clergyman in the Oranges, died yesterday
of heart ditease. Tr) Schuyler was & years
old and waa born at Geneva, N. ¥. After
graduating from Hobart College he went to |
Ithaca, where he studied Jaw and was admitted |

to the bar in 1838. He was married in that year
¢ 1

; and ur til the death of his wife, in 1849, eon-

140 frunates. Bishop Andrewe « “ithe fair ait

by reading a letter from Presi: SMeKinley | With Cape Nome to
wishing the fair euecess. He w diowed + nasa

Carl Brunz, the German Conenl-General, who '

dare ally presentedto the home a vase, a gift | Cratser Albany Arrives at Manila.

rom the hinpress of Germany. It will hee WasuInoton, Nov. 22.~The cruiser Albany, |

makes the

 

¢
coma the proper of whoever
} :

heet ensh bi

was reached to augment Admiral Remey ‘s fleet
| rea hed Manila to-day
The monitor Monterey arrived at Canton,
} China, and the monitor Amphitrite at Norfolk;
Va., to-day

|
WIND NEARLY BLEW THEM AWAY.

 

Workmen on the Tower of the Fast River Bridge
Had to Lie Down and Hold Tight,

!

| Turing the high wind on Wednesday after-
noon forty-five men at work on the Willlams-
burg tower of the new Fast River Bridge had

 

 
    

      

| te lie down and keep a tight grip on everything
within reach to save themselves from being

| blewn off Piey heard tiiubers being for on

j Apart in the kkeleton work and blown in all
directions Wien the wind abated the
came dewn  Sumt. Lehinan,

greatly worrled jest some ot

j blown from the tower, called the rell,
when he found all safe gave the men the

 

j of the day off Phe tower is more than:

| feet high

 

 

i

|

- ’

THIRD EXHIBITION
Sleeplessness marke the very climax :

of human suffering. It is only a sten
, removed from insanity. When sleep no

longer restores the exhausted nature, the |

struggle with disease cannot last long.

The starting point of the nervous dis

orders which produce ill-health and

sleeplessness, ia generally a diseased
condition of the womenly organs. Re. |

@tore these organs to sound health and |

the appetite comes back, the day s work

no longer wearies, and sleep is sound
| and refreshing. Dr, Pierce's Favorite |
Prescription cures diseases of the wom. |
/ anivorgans. I. stops the drains which
| weaken women; it heals the inflamma. |
tion and ulceration, and cures female
weakness.

There is no alcohol in " Favorite Pre-
ecription” and it is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics,
It is a temperance medicine. y

"My health has been poor for many vears and
T hadtakes a great dea! of medicine. but it did
me no good.” writes Mrs. Rose Kennedy, of
Springblud, Adams Co, Wis "Lest Aurust my
health was very poor: | had no appetite and
| gould mot sirep. wrote to Dr. Pierce and he
| Kindly advised me to take his Favorite Pre-
{| @cription.” I took five bottles of the | Prescrip
tion ' and one bottie of the ‘Golden Medical Dis-
Covery.’ and I feel like a new woman "

Cure sick headache by using Doctog
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets. |

 

 

Jungle Studies

OF ANIMALS
ny

Arthur Wardle
| AT
Arthur Tooth & Sons’
299 Fifth Ave., cor. 3ist St

ordered tothe Asiatic atation when the decision |

tinned in the practice of law, in which he was |

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

 

very sueee@sful After the death of his wife
he abandoned the jaw for the ministry and |
received a couree of instruction from the Rev
WooS. Walker of Ithaea fle was ordained a |
deacon of the Episcopal Church tn Deceniber,
shoe) He epent over ten vears in Oswego as
rector of Christ_ Church, resigning to go to
Cbrat Church, Rochester, where he renained
Rix y ars When he became rector of Grace
Chureh, Orange, in duly, 1868, the member.
ship was 200 Tt is now more than &50 ond for
a long tine it has been impossible to rent a |
ew in the chur Dr Schuyler ia survived |
hy his second w a daughter and four sons,
one of whem is the Rev. Hamilton Schuvler |
reetor of an Bpiscopal Church in Trenton, and |
fA her Montgomery Schuyler of the editorial |
sti of the New Pork Times. During recent
seam Dr Sehovler has been assisted in his |
ministry by his neplew, Archdeacon Alex-

ander Mann

John A. King,
Historical Society, who cied at
the Savey Hotel on Wednesaay afternoon,
w akon of Join A. King, former Governor
of New York, anda wrandsonof Rufus King
He was born in Jamaica, 1, in 1817, was
graduated from Harvard with the clasa of
1855, etudi d law and began practice in this
city, He afterward went into the real estate
business. Mr King was a Republican Presi
dential Flector in 18t2, and a State Senator
in IN74-78 He caught a severe cold while
at Great Neck, 1. 1, last summer. ‘This de-
veloped into bronchitis, and. on account of his
ndvanced age, his case was looked upon fs
hopeless from the beginning Heis suvived

President of the New York
his home in

  

 

elland Hopkins, to | son Co be a man of wealth at that time and |
Wasa clever business man, so that |

| Known a4 an

'

Prison during the |

l war and who knew Mias Van Lew, auctioned | 1 o'clock
of? the estate fhe American tlag which was |
rased by Mise Van Lew directly after Rieh-
niond was evacuated by the Confederateftroops

| and then sent him in a Presbyterian Hoepital

} that o

| an autopsy to-day on the body of William Astor,
| a photoengraver, 8) years old, who died vester-

| fte became ill abont two weeks ago and told | ‘a

{ his own

| often told the nelehberr, it is taid, that as sorn

! are looking for her

| perinlism meant nothing more than enlighten-

be two daughters, who were with him at hi«
death, The funeral will be held) toemorrow
a! St. Thomas's Church, Fifty-third street |

and litth avenue

|
|
|
|
|

   

 

   
  

  

 

Francis G. \\. Beard died on Monday at his
home, 27 Vontgeomery place, Prooklyn, in his
entity-fourth verr » owns bern In England
apd ceme to tha eountry in hie vouth tle
was a shinbuilder and retired from business
i tsae | He was wellknown in Ppiseopal Chareh
cireles and for many veara waa senior warden
fn Geace Church in \! iamsburtg The fu.
rernl servi were held inst) fake’s Church
fy Clin enue vesterdery afternoon The
interment will leat Newport

J. Connor Smith, who wae ealled the Nestor

of the New York banking service, died suddenly
yesterday morning in his apartments at <2
Lafavette plice of hoart dieense We was 75
years old and sinee 1856 had been in the service
of the now defunct Metropolitan National Bank
first as eathier and adoring Nauidation in wind.

 

ing up the affaire of this bank Tle was well
known asa chureh sinwer and sane at the open-
ing of Graee Church He leaves a widow, @

son and a daua@giier
Mator fT) = Benton Brooke died at hame
in New Windsor, No on Thureday, need ng
veare He was born in Monroe, Oranie cor pty,

     

‘ me a civil er r. entered th
private, the First) New °
ned 84 he rank

  

evytermn

“ ; ‘ort Pulaski

ind four ehildren

1Re5
cress for brave

 

vetted |

wna br

He leaves p widow

John Stelle cied on Tuesdor at
680 Tinlsew street, Brooklyn
He se:
Pank ond
for twenty-four

 

his home,
In Wis elighty-a) eth
ved as a bookkeeper in the W all

the Sever ti: National Rank
‘ears. retiring when he wre 7}
veorsold Me wasa trostoe and clerk in tha nld
Central Bry Choech In Bridve etreat He
Ionvea two Ganchtere

Mrs Jaicia M Gutwater died nt her home in
Ithaca verterday, at the are of @ She wee
the mother of the firet wife of Andrer TD White
the first President of Cornell ft niversity and
now Ambassador to Germany

 

 

 

 

Mauhattan Clab to Celebrate,

The Manhattan Club is to celebrate in the

second week of December the irty-
anniversary of its existence as a ae te

'

 

|
|

 

School Wear.

 

 

 

for

Sightly and serviceable, fine and medtum ribs, warranted
fast black, all sises, 6 to 10, usual price 30c., now. .. 10g
Extra spliced heel and toe and double knee.

Also the largest assortment of Children’s Hosiery, Ume
derevear and Gloves in the city—all at the lowest pricese

60-62 West 23d Street.
DOCTOR DIES OF MORPHINE,

DOSE ROB, ACTON TOOK FATAL RBE-
CAUSE UIS HEART WAS WRAK.

 

Overtaxed the Organ Playing Football at Har-
vard Years Agu -Took the Drug to Quiet
His Nerves After Drinking Mard- te
Collapsed After Being Thrice Revived.

Dr, Robert Acton, Jr,
to the House of ¢ orrection, Blackwell's Island
died of morphine poisoning in the Presby-
terlan Hospital veeterday morning. The pre-
sumption is that he took the drug to quict |
hia nerves While in the medienl school at
Harvard University he was a member of the |
football team and afterward he had what fe |
athlete's heart.” The weakened |

Why risk your
health by drink-
ing Croton in its
present condle
tion? Order Hy-
geia Distilled
Water, always
absolutely pure,
for your Home
and Office.

HYGENA DISTILLED
WATER CO,

visiting physician

condition of the organ ts thought to have been
indirectly reaponsitle for his death as he had
not taken a sufficient amount of the drug to
prevent his heing brought back to conscious
ness by the physicians wha worked over him
Collapse followed, however, and he died

Dr Aeton Ile was born
in Winsale,
are snid to

was 82 yveara old
Treland

he weal

where hie parents, whe
1

. Still reside. In 18% |

 

 
 
   
 

he enme to the nit States and a vear Inter

   

 

 

 
    

    
 

entered the Harvard Metical Sehool In

Tkus be plaved ! ard on the Harvard foot-

ball team in the Yale game He had a ; ee

nificent phystine, being 6 foet tL ineh tall and

" “ighing, in eordition, 192 pounds Atter | 349 & 359 West {2th St
gettin ue ow be came oc Yor |

for a yeorand a half was one cf the ply i 25°92) ;
the penttentiary. Later be teak ub private | FOMRPRORG SPSS |Saring,
pl aetiee, Recently he had been oe with

is wife whom he married only a vear ago at

163 Vast Geventyeninth street

The voung phyaleian went home at 10 o'clock
on Wednesday nicht in bad shape, He had
been drinking for several dass and his nerves
were gone. He went to his room and abont

‘olock yesterday morning Mrs, Acton found
him on the floor uneenseious, Dr. Ilenry L
Goodman of 1142 Lexington avenue worked
unconscious man _till he revived_a iittle

on the

ambulance to that hospital. The doctors
sneceeded in resuscttating him twice more,
but each time the heart eave out and the last
time there was no recovers

Dr. Goodman said vesterday that Dr. Aeton
waa nota vietim of the morphine habit, but
easionally when his nerves were in bad
shape he took a little « drug to jet him,
and that death was une btedly dune to an ne

Steinway & Sons announce
the Moliday stock of
pianos in specially designed
Cases 18 now open to inspection
in the Steinway Art-Piano-Case

theie

      
 

 

 

 

 

t cident Dr. Acton leaves no children liis
‘| widow was a Miss Bulkley of Manchester, Rooms at Steinway Hall.
Engl Invers of decorative ort are
— cordially invited. As each case
i WAS ASTOR POIMONED? {s au Original creation, the num-

ber of these instruments ie

Floboken Police I ooking for the Woman With
Whom He Lived.

Coroner Converse of Aoboken will perform

Intendin
purchasers are therefore advise
,e an eariv chotce.

necessarily limited.

Steinway & Sons beg to call
theattention of their customers
the considerable length of
time necessary for the manu-
facture of ert-tinnocases to
mutch particular pieces of fur-
nituteor afer original designe
and respectfully urge the need

day at bis home, 60 Adams street, Roboken

hia father, Gustav Astor of 58 Puterson road,
that he thought be wa8 being buroned, Ap.
parently be had no physica attenaing hin,
for when his father was told Chat his son was

  

 

  

dying vesterdav inofning le gol & doc 3 ao , s 7

Astor had lived for the pact four years with | J re ane & : swance when plac-
a woman, Vor ves! a Concepoione Vias, whom j aed for sinclal arene re-
he met in San Salvador after the death of ” + SOF Special occasions

jis wife and her child. He also had a child of
jie left an insurance policy fer 8i,u00,
which was to be shared equally between the
womanand the two children. The woman has

STEINWAY & SONS
107-109 E. 14th St.

Near U

ot this nyoney @he would wo back to San ston Square
de She fort the house vesterday morn-
ing@and had not returned last night Phe police

ae

 

4. GRANT POST DINES.

Gen Vandervoort and the Lientenant-Gor-
ernor Among the Speakers.

The annual dinner of U. 8. Grant Post, 127,
to its associate members was held last night
4t the Montauk Club, Brooklyn. There were

about 200 guests present. Gen Paul Van-

 

U. PENNILESS, CREPECLAD GIRL.

 

| Gives Her Empty Porse as Secarity for aloae
of Car Fare — Secking Her Brother Fred,

With Just about enough money to pay her
fare, Annie Wiis, a young woman of South
Norwalk, Conn, came here yesterday morning
to find her brother, Frederick. She thought
dervoort of Omaha, Past Commander-in-( hier he livedin DeKalb avenue, Brooklyn, but didn't
of the G. A. R., said in his address that im- ) know the number, After tramping from

house to house ali day «he went into a drug-
estore and asked the proprietor to lend her some

 

ment, end that at this time there was no Re-

     

publican or Demoeratic party, but simply a money, ofeang her satchel containing an
party of patriots Lieut ~aov. Woodruf, the Croply purse, a handkerctief and her gloves es
next speaker, said that it Was necessary to Peeunty
Place the «itv of New York tn control of those he girl wae dressed in deen mourning and
who would wrest it from [Tammany Hall and feemed to have other troubles than the faflure
have it eo governed that its citizens would be. t? d ber brother, ‘The druggist lent her 16
proud of the metropolis, Judge George PD, , COmts and took the satchel hen she came
ross the bridge and went into another

Alden of Massachusetts Ajso spoke. ar
. drumstore to consult a Manhattan directory.
} She did not find her brotLer’s name
' \

   

 

   

 

   

Joe Jefferson Lends 840,000 on Real Estate. his adruagis fer lo eo to a police
Clarence F. True, the builder, fled a mortenge pitt Mp Bs i BN
to Joseph Jefferson of $40,0 on the property Fre ~ there “ale oan
at ret Riverside Drive sterday he loan the Priendless t ng E
wee for three vears at 5 per cent { the right —

 

from the horrors of

Dyspepsia and the
intensified horrors of

Insomnia by taking

SAMPLE SENT ON
APPLICATION TO

Brunswick

Pharmacal Co.,
New Brunswick, N. J.

Johnson’s Digestive

Tablets (Papoids)