CAN'T CLUB OUT VICE,

pn crorery save Are vor 14v po
mora coserne oat

tte Wae Studied the Primal Principle af We
mantty in the Harmirket and Dore ana
Save That a Crosade That Serepe Women
Of With the Hahhieh Wilt Pall, ae Mefore
religion Waa taken tp

gion vos

the praetionl side of

at the State ¢
and the Rev Dr

nference of lu

Algernon S&S Cropaey, ar byte

 

copal miniater of Rochester made an addrews
pertaining ty the present vice erunade that
caused much comment He said [ have
been walking through your city at night and

I have seen one phase of ite life I have seen

itn the Haymarket, the Dore, Hohemia and
Ih ja the great primal principle of hue

faire
roanity, the @reat passion, that is there |
aaw a letter in Tar Sun the other day froma

policeman in which he declared thia form of

vice had been in evietence as long as the Book
of Deuteronomy. He was wrong Tt has
been in existence before the language of that
hook was born These great primal passions
are the source of all life Now, what are we
going to make of it?) You send policemen
to destroy it, but you can't destroy it The
only thing you can do isto convert it With-
eit that primal soil you never would have had
a religion in the world, for it has all been gen-
erated there, That which we seek to destroy
is God's creation, never to be touched by hand
of man. Without that wenever would be here:
We are born of it ourselves. It needs the seed
of the higher life That which manifesta {t-
self in the form that you call vice is the richest
of the spiritual life. Out of It come the great
forces that control human life, It cannot be
suppressed, it can be converted

“The great trouble with the Protestant m-
ligion is that it isn’t In the soil If the church
cannot go down into the soil and lay hold of
the particles there, then if itself ia doomed.
You have set the police after all this with @
club, but you can't suppress tt

It 1a possible for you fo make your elty pure,
but you don’t dare because you wont go down
and sit with the harlot and the thief. These
women to-night on your streets—you are going
to aweep them off with your rubbish and cart
them away, and so fail again as you have failed
before to reach the roots of righteousness in
the world If we are to have a perfect organi-
vation it is by having our roots deep and then
the leaves will get the air. Then we will have
a process With it you can produce organism
to burn. Take it away and all organism is
ympossible.’

Dr. Cropsey's remarks created something
lke asensation. That raany felt in sympathy
was shown by the applause, which for @ re-
ligious gathering was extraordinary.

Dr Charles Fo Dole of Boston read & paper
on the same subject. in which he declared that
the church of the past had largely separated
iteelf from the vital interests o mankind He
said the call of the world to the Church of the
twentieth eentiry was for it to be universal
and jt must serve all mankind

rhe Ideal Commonwealth of the Kingdom
of God" was the subject of two addresses by
kdwin Markham and Pre f. Thomas C. Hall of
I nien Seminary The former included tn his
paper a new poem on the subject, one verse of
which ran:
here is a vision walting and aware,
and sou must draw it down, O men of worth;
Draw down the New Hepuolic held tn air

And make for tt founciations on the earth,

Prof, Hall made a plea for the ideal common-
wealth and said the danger to our democracy
waa theidolofconunercialsupremacy

fhe attendance at both the morning and
aflernoon sessions yesterday was larger than
that of the day before, and the assembly hall
» the United Charities Biuiding was completely
Med at the afternoon session ‘The nunisters
of all denominations who farm the Executive
Committee of the Conference have been greatly
encouraged by the increasing interest shown,
und believe that the meeting which ended last
night willdo a great deal of good in furthering
thelr alms and stimulating cordiality between
sects The General Committee of the confer-
ence at a meeting in the afternoon resolved to
hold the next meeting in New York in 1902 and
eft the question of the advisability of hold!ng
a meeting next year in some other city to the
Frecutive Committee y

One of the topics for discussion at the morn-
ing session was “Fducation by Chureh and
School in Social Righteousness, l
who read papers on it were dndge 8 E.
win of New Haven

 

 

 

and

Vassar College
principles

 

erence to the ethiesi rather than the Christan

President ivlor attributed the
‘nrighteousness in public lie to the present
lax methods in education and in the oe

f the Church, the character of modern art anc
newspapers ‘

The principal apenker at last evening's ses-
sion at the Brick Church, with which the cone
ference closed, was Comptroiier Coler, whose
tople was “The Place and Power of the Church
in Politics.” Mr. Coler said in part

When our political conditions are bad ard
eur public service ¢ Ber or ineompetent,
the real fauli lies bevend partisan
factional organization, deep-rooted in untaught
and misguided public sentiment. 1 intend no
disrespect or levity when Tsay that 1 do not
helleve vou ean win one vote for go id govern-
ment by telling aman hit chances of going
i beimproved if he votes acertain
unlimited thousands

standpoint

 

poliey or

to heaven Ww
theket But vou can wit
of votes when vou eony that
honest city government means better material
education

 

nee the masses

 

 

hetter and

conditions for therm
eppoertunily for their children

ralitv. mav strut a
ire of inadverte:
but for every

Ifttla
or ine
sear lett by
Viees we have

Crime and Wan
while int full ¢
fudicions publicity,
the spasmodic irruptions of out
numents of the vir-
tyoue citizenship th ultimately trigmoph
over all inferior influences, to create and maine
taln honest, intelligent
will grow stronger

 

   

 

  

a thousand endur

 

loeal government that
as the eity er vs we tie
terial greatness There are district leaders
{n New York who know more of and do more
far the material welfare of the people fn the
than
They

he dis.

   

is accomplished by more
hes in New York
conditions of 1
necessary to
ke of Bishop tter

more in *evmpathy

thay
the chur

di-triet
one-half of
understand the
triet and make themselves

In closing Mr. Coler
‘There is noone,” he snid,

seooral

    

 

  

      

with the great prelate wh hias ie vogue
the matter of vice in a common, § ywsible why
than | am Al e sane vir asserted
he favered bringina out the :
the city to counteract the inf

   

lar with

ernsade had on the people no
the town

Dr Wishart of Trenton said that Croker,
wonld be followed by a boss
the people went to the root
For the churches to mistake
fn the uarrelof
@ confusion, dis-
speakers

  

 

ples
of the daificnits
the vital issue by taking sides
heseea for power Waste ins
truest and toes of patronage
were the prey } s Tipple and

 
   
 

Jastah Strons, who se on the
theeconference whic! th declared
among Christian wo rs

 

 

WOR THREATENS A’ PRISONER.

 

Poundina Hallway With a Bittle Girl- Soundiy
Thrashed Before a Cop Got Him,

Joseph Mantell of 1 Pitt street and Joseph
}tienberg, a barber, saw a middie-aged man
lead a girl about 5 years old into the hallway
of the building at 27 Pitt street, yesterday
roorning, and their suspicions being aroused
the child appeared to accompany
unwillingly, followed the fellow to

hecatse

the man

the rear of the hallway and questioned him
at first he gave evasive answers. Then he
tried to Tun away Mantell and kttenberg

seized him and were giving Lim a sound thrash-
ing when Poleeman Schreiber of the Delancey
street station appeared and pulled them away
‘Then he arrested the man

On aecoint he many recent ag-aul n
children ef tender in that neghborhecd
the rumor qubenis « id wround that another
roisereant had tween eaneht When the poloe-
man took his t to the street he faced

   

  
   
 
 

 

  

an angry mob a!

lowed the pair}

prisoner, to the Tela

the prisoner said le

cook, living at ios Tey avenue In the ssex
Market police oourt Magistrate Crane held hin)
without boil @s8 @ susticu character until
to-day | The isked that parents
whose little ave heen assaulted
bring the «t ‘ rt to-day tolook
at the priaon tif if possible

 

The child whan | into the hall-
saw owas formotte: foment and the
lice have been unealue na her

Will BE

NOBOKEN PURIFIED.

 

Mayor Fagan Wont Have His City Sink to New
York's Level if He Can Hetp it.

Mayor Lawrence Fagan of Hoboxen sent a
communication to the Board of Polhee Com-
missioners of that city vy, demanding
that the polee invesiigate the numerous

 

ves!

 

Bu
loons in whieh barrmaids are employed, and
wherever the law is violif'ed prosecute the
proprietors

When seen by a reporter the Mayor said

“The manner in whieh these plices are spring

t . those

Bald-

and President Taylor of

Judge Raldwin said: “The

of social righteousness could be

taught and must be taught by the Chureh,
and if tau@ht by the school must be with ref.

    

     

ine op in tive cite ie outr , and fam
determined (o protest the fale na af vv
Perko (f(t bee prvmettite te de a e dont
want any eplendos euch ae oor ured in Patereon
rerentl, to take olece here, ner do mare te
have thie cite made hhethe ‘Hed Light’ datriet
n the taide ot New Vork eit 0 lam ne
@ te. beat ore }a a lent te the
it eer ' thar when men .
‘ , Newari nd other places
open evre eo atee (metal four on Nee eonmnet
ne barmoida cand nelvet pipe that ara noth
hore tor than diaorderty house, It le hve
firme for th owl have the slereet of the °
Whearttointorfere
rootrings IN Tne TENDERIOIN

three Hold tp an intoticated Hatcher Negro

trate a Girl'e Poree

‘came from Terentyefourth
atreet and Seventh avenue at it 30 o'clock last
night and William Kelle of 210 West Twenty-
aiathy running away from
there wae Policeman Behr ile
was being chased by Frastus Blauvelt, a buteher
of Nyack, who asserted that he had been held
up by three men and robbed of hie wateh and
chan Thomas Cleary of ao We Pwents
sixth street, who, the police aay, is a thief, «os
arrested by Detectiva Lockwood for being 1)
the neighborhood The three men were taken

Crleeof “murder

etree’, who wae

arrested ty

 

   

to the polies station, where Blanvelt couldn
identify any of them as his assailants Cleat
had a revolver is his pocket ile and hells

were jocked up as suspietous persons Blau-
velt was locked up for being drunk

At midnight etaht vear-old Loutsa Favre,
who had been to Newark and had missed her
train, was going home to 16 Weat Twenty -
fourth street As waa crossing Seventh
avenue a negro struck her in the face and
grabbed pocketbook, which contained
M4 and sore change She screamed and Po
ficemaa stanford chased the man and canal!
we

The negro said he was Thomas Butler and lived
in Buffalo. Hae, too, was locked up

   

ahe

her

BRYAN TO TAIK OV DEC. 285.

The Anti-Reorgantration Forces Will Rally at
a Banquet in Lincoln.

Iincoun, Neb Nov 22 Mr Bryan
make his fire: public speech since the «
of the campaign at a banquet to be tendered
to him in this elty on Dee 25 ‘The banquet
will be given by the Jeffersonian Club, and
{s intended as the {nit fal step toward the for-
mation of @ strong organization in the West

against the proposed “reorganization of the
Democratic party by Eastern Democrats It
is expected that Mr. Bryan will state his posi-
that question in words that will not
admit of double construction

Nearly every Democratic leader of promie

will

lose

 

tion on

  
   

 

nence in the West and many former Demo
crate who have more recently posed as Popue
lists have been invited The list embraces

fowreoft Minnesota, Daniel Campau
Id and Altschuler of Tlinois,
4, BMackburn of Kentueky
“Gum Shoe Bill one and Webster Davis of
Missourt John G Johnson and David Gver
meyer of Kansas, Cato Sells of lowa, Patterson
of Colorado
The banqnet

Charles A
of Michigan, Alt
‘Vagwart of India

   

  
 

will be elven in the largest
building in the city, the Anditorium, which
seats 4,000 persona Only $1 50 will be chareed
for participation in the feast and only 25 cents
for seats in the gallery

POLICE SCANDAL IS TAMMANY'S.

 

Wigwam Needs No Heip, Says the City € lab, to
Discover or Remove the Cause,

The Council of the City Club met last even-
ing at the clubhouse in West Thirty-fourth
street, and for three hours discussed the gen-
eral political situation in New York eity andthe
State, in order to bein a position to ake ree-
ommendations to the club at ita regular meet-
ingonDec. 5. The Couneilis already on rer ord
as opposed to State contro! of the police of this
city, and at last evening's ineeting M adopted
the following resolution

Resolved, That the Council of the City Cl ib
deems the present a favorable time to renund
the citizens of New York that Tammany fall
is responsible for the present condition of pol
administration in this city. Ef that adimint--
tration is inefficient and corrupt, Tammany
Hall is well aware of the fact and needs 1
assistance to either discover or to remove t
cause. This is the third time in recent ye
that the administration of the Police Depart-
ment under Tatsmany Hall has been generals
recognized by the public as both inefMfcient and
corrupt,”

The club ts in favor of a single-headed Police
Commission tu. be appointed by the Mayor
The present police situation will be thoroughly
discussed at the meeting of the club §

on Dee.

STAGE FOLK MOURN LOST CASH.

 

 

 

Dresser Who Kept ‘‘Sapho'' Actors’ Valnables
Missing With Them.

George Tesiie, who lias been playing @ small
part this season in Olga Nethersgie’s pro-
diction of “Sapho” at Wallack’s Theatre, has
been missing since after the third act Tues-
day night Money and jewelry belonging to
other members of the company are missing,
Misa Bleanor Carey, who got Leslie his
job on the strength of a hard-luck ators, is
losers. She mourns the
disappearance of a diamond brooch, a gold
watch, astick pin and @) Gi. Harrison Hur
Miss Nethersole a new leading man, is minus

Too

one of the heaviest
ca

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

   
   

a gold watel) valued at $250 and $70. Mise
Violet Goodall has lost S12

eral petty. thett save greatly annoyed
the members of the cotupany while they have
been playing here, Me. Hunter begau te carry
his valuables with lomeoon the stage, but tired
of this he entrusted thei to Leslie, who be-
sides piaving was Hunter's dres Leshe
told Miss Carey and Miss Goodall that he was

acting ase sortof safe deposit vault, and before
the performance began on Tuesday night thes
handed their valuables over to hirn to}

  

ter them. Leslie played lis part in “Saphe
that pleht, and was about the stage until the
beginning of the fourth act) Then he went
out telling the stage doorkeeper that he was
woing across Proadway to get a drink That
has been the last seen of him by the stage

olk
' lhe loss of the 'ewelry and money was ree
ported to the Tenderloin police on Wednesday
night Central Office Detective Mannion, wt

fe detailed at the theatre, went on @ hunt
Lesi He found that the actor had been
lodscng ina furnished roam at 202 West Thirty.
rit street, but id there was a small
,containmne some soiled cethinw He had
there since Tuesday af ernoor
lie applied for employment ae soon ae
opened at the theatre a fortnight vga

  

 
  

ihe

 

  

   

   

“Sapho

Miss ¢arey knew him a6 a dresser anda filler-in
of small parts He told her tle of hardship
and <he induced Mr. Hunter to engage him asa
dresser On her recommendition Miss N ther
sole also allowed him to play the King in the
{ net Hle performed his duties satisfa
tory

SEND-OVF 710 LEN WAGER'S PLACE.

Democratic Politicians of Note Help Him Start
a Tenderloin Saluon,

len H Wager, the sergeant-at-earme of the
Dernocratic rittee, opened a saloon
Jast night in Broadway near Thirty-sixth streer
As Len had been a page in the State Assembly,
aA messenger three a door.
keeper of the United States Senate, he had
made heaps of friends among the politicians

State Cor

there tor veam ond

 

  

   

many of whom attended the opening last night

Mavor MeGuire of Syracuse sent a letter

saving he was sorry he couldn’) be at the open.
{ ending by Saving Enelosed  tiid
eck for Siuotobuy the first round of drinks

for the bovs in vour new plaice *

Senator Mache tely enpdidate for [len-
ter -f ernor Catoe areund tn persor
housht sever 1 reunds ascid Chairrean '
Comphell of the State Committee, Sarnnel
Bolton the Pr brewer, and «a delegation of
twenty politictans, alse fron Tros, These
who seat letters hing fern good Inck also
cent fore) borse-hoes and baskets of cut tow.

 

THE DALCGHTER WENT 10 JAIL.

Mrs. Morey Was Kring Fined, When Mina Said
Trespassing Cows Were Hers,

 

Fiizabeth Morey, the wornan trick driver
of Coney Island, who came to Manhattan last
winter and earned $150 a dav carting snow,
was arraigned in the Coney Island police court
vesterday upon t moploont of her neighbor
John Vendome, who ed her of letting
her cows and goats browse on his premises
The woman Was fred $5, but belore she had

a chanee to pas darhiter

Minal steppe:
rorward and declared thar ; topped

she owned the goats

  

 

 

   

and cows and Was) vonsible for ther cen
Magistrate Voorhe sharwed the . 7
nd fined the da ter The wirl did a little
wental arithmetic and then ri she would go
to gal for a coutle of days because it would
he cheaper And she went te jail The girl's
friends got UP A petition st mebt for her
relense and it Wil) be presented to the Magis-

 

trate to-day over a vard of signatures

To Cure a Cold tu One Day

 

take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug:
gists refund the money If fi fetix tw cure EL OW.
' Grove’s signature tsoneach bor oN, ide

seen I etsceceaat ad

a

esses

OLCOTT IN POLICE CASES.

RUDIATHICT ATTONVEY Will PROaR-
cure cross AND HERING.

 

Question fe Who'll the Witnesses Ne Nishon
Potter, If Subpenacd, Want Appear Trace
in the Stragale for Deverre's Sceatp Wal
herr) Street Walte to Wear From Croker

 

Deapite the practical refusal of Blehog Potter
to fornieh evidence to the Poles Board ta he
veed in the prosecution of Inapeetor Crows
sod Capt) Herlihy, the triale of thoae officials,
according to President York, will begin just as
the board can @et it tinder way

It was announced last evening by friends of
er-Diatriet Attorney WOM KR Oleott that he
had been requested by tha Board of Polles
Commisstonera and the Corporation Counsel
to net aa counsel to the board tn the prosecution
of the charaes President York announced
several dave ago that he wished to retain Mr
Oleott and Bdward M Shepard of Brooklyn
Cross and Herlihy Yesterday
he called on Corporation Counsel John Whalen,
who is the official counsel to the Commissioners,
and without whose consent no special counsel
mav be employed by any elty department
Mr York hada long talk with Mr. Whalen, and
the invitation to Mr Olcott was delivered after
their conference Mr. Olcott accepted and
will go on with the case

It was Impossible to learn whether Mr. Shep-
ard had been invited to act with Mr. Oleott or,
{if invited, had aecepted Mr. Olcott was ap-
pointed Distriet Attorney in 1896 and served
until 1808 He was then appolnted Judge of
the City Conrt and served until 1800, when he
hecame a member of the law firm of Black,
Oloott & Gruber Mr. Olcott ls a Republican
Mr Shepard is a Demoerat and a member of
the law firm of Parsons, Shepard & Ogden,

Toe Pollo: Board met yesterday, but all ine
formation about the meeting was refused, Come
missioners York, Sexton and Abell were present,
After the meeting Messre. York and Sexton
had a conference {n Mr. York's room. Mr.
Abell was not there. The meeting and con-
ferences seemed to leave the aituation une
changed) Mr Abell and Chief Devery are
atill standing together, Mr. Hees is still sick,
and Mr. Sexton will not say where he stands
until there {san opportunity of communicating
with Richard Croker. Chief Devery would not
talk toreportersat all

Mr. York said vesterday that !f those allied
with Bishop Potter refused to help the Police
Board to obtain evidence against Inspector
Crose and Capt. Herlihy all that the board
could do would be to leave the matter of evi-
dence to the counsel in charge of prosecuting
the cases. A mermmber of the board asserted,
however, that in the matter of summoning
witnesses the board has the game right as the
Supreme Court, and could subpena, fine and
commit. It was generally belleved around
headquarters yesterday that the board would
try to force Bishop Petter to appear against
Cross and Herlihy by subpesnaing him as a
witness. When this was suggested to Bishop
Potter. and it wae added that the board claimed
the legal riglt to exercise euch power, the
sishop said
: Weill, Ud like to see them try It."

’ Would vou recognize 4 subpana from the
poice Bourd’” was asked

: No! ce ‘a:med the Bishop in his most em

rate one
. It was Henefactora’ day at the Pro-Cathedral
vesterdiy, and speeches were made there by
Rishop Potter, dacot A. Riis, Miss Lilian Wall
and James Bo Reynolds, (No reference to the
vice erusade Was made. The Tammany Pur-
ifying Committee will hold onother meeting to-
day M Warley Platzek, who examined wit-
nesses for the committee at the Educational
Alliance on Wednesday night, said yesterday
that he would not make the result of his invest-
igation known vet

‘brom what | learned last night,” he sald,
“it i<evident that there is a good deal of vice on
the Kast Side that should not be there. 7 can-

'
to prosecute

 

 

  
 

  

nol into detaile, for there is lots of work for
metodo andait will be months before Tecan do
i all Puritier Nixon said yesterday that he

had received a reply to his letter to Bishop
Potter but he refused to disclose its contents
It may be jade public at lo-day's meeting,

Commissiongs Keller, Lantry and Kearny,
heads of the Mepartments of Charities, Cor-
rection and Public Buildings, were before the
Grand Jury vesterda It was immediately
rumored that they were there on vice crusade
matter, but later it was learned that the Grand
Jurore were making inquiries of them con-
cerning their departments as ia required by
law when the Grand Juresmen do not imake
a genene! investigation,

Just before the Centra street police court
Wednesday night Willlam Abber,
a pauper hanwer of 202 Fast Thirteenth street
waked Magistrate Zeller to order the arrest o
We proprietor of @ poolroom in Park row, near
the Bridge eufrance. Abbey said he had het
$7 inthe place at oddaorsto i, His horse won,
bat when he went to collect $48, payment was
refused) Magistrate Zeller tald Abbey to
come back yesterday morning for a warrant

There was a great Tamiany gathering in
the corridor outside the Police Court: before
the Magis'rate arrived yesterday morning
Pat Divver and Senator ‘Tim Sullivan's con.
fidential adviser, Billy Leonard, were there,

 

closed on

  
 
 

much agitated When Abbey arrived he waa
hustled outside When he went back to the
court he said that he had decided he didn't

want the warrant as somebody had settled
with him for $40

Mawistrate Pool yesterday fined three men
$1 each for plaving pinochle They were

arrested in a cigar store at 244 Third avenue,
which was raided on Wednesday night. Tha
proprietor Was held in $100 hail for trial because
two slot machines were found in his place

Former Depaty Commissioner of Agricaitare

Sentenced to Auburn Prison.

Brervaco, Nov. v--Asa lL, ‘Twichell, who
pleaded guilty a few months ago to stealing
about $1,000 of the State funda while Deputy
Commissioner of Agricultura for western
New York, was sentenced to Anburn prison
ter two vears by Justice Hooker in the Criminal
ter of the Supreme Court this leerning,
Pwichell’s home is in Springville, and 450 resi-
dents of that place, including all the ministers,
had petitioned the court to suspend sentence
if possible But Justice Hooker declared that
there was no excuse for a man who had been
placed in a position of trust by the Stare and
who tad betraved that ¢ruat, ‘

   

 

 

 

Dame Fashion is a queer un-
reasoning minx, “Lis her royal
pleasure this Winter to give ap-
proval to rough overcoats, no
one knows why.

Here they are.

But those who don't follow
blindly, and those who lead in-
stead of following, give their ap-
proval to the solid, serviceable,
siglitly kersey overcoats, They
well know the enduring worth,
the rich elegance of a good dark
blue or black kersey,

Hlere they are,

Don't forget that the wear of a
derby shows first in the binding.

The band and binding of our
best derby is better than that of
any other derby made--we've
tested them all.

Rooers, Peer c Company.

2548 Broadway, cor. Warren,
and 7andu Warren st
849 Broadway, cor. Prince,

1240 Proadway, cor, 32d,

and 54 West 35d St,

We fill orders
by mati.

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

eases eS ssn EN eS

    
 

ann nen.

 

ain AnTHt
Famone Kngiieh Composer a Victim of Heart

 

fierave Foand bead in Ned
Spertal Cathe lieepateh we ats
lawnos, Soe Sir Ar@uor @ an wae
found dead in bed at Go clock ‘hie morning
Heart diaenee wae the caneeol death
Hie Hines took asevereturn about leo warke
‘a Hla wen! to the oe hoof Porepator
iperate het the trin 9 f ne benefit to hie
health
the Say Theatre ahere the ‘
fiibert and * ” era have? t
duced, was closed to-night! It ian menue ar
incidence that Vie Galbert, Sulliwat former
collaborator, and DP Osiy Carte, the trypresart

perasal the savoy, are

who produced all thetr

i} Str Arthur bad recently been collaborating
with Basll Hood on an Irish opera

Sir Arthor Sevmour Sullivan had long been
the most famous of English composers Ile
had won varied acknowledamen’ in every
fleld of yuusical composition, although his
success in operetta Was @reater than in any
other fleid, and with Johann Strauss and Of

fenbach he was probably the most popular writer

of ight music that the century has known
Phe operetias which resulted from his col-
Jaboration with WoS Gilbert form a diatinet

school in that art, quite as representative as
left in Austria and
is as the composer

the two other composer
Germany and France It

of that almost immortal series containing
H M.S Pinafore.” “The Mikado” and “Pa-
tlence” that Sir Arthur Sullivan was most

Some of the works had tmade
ermany aa he Was
re they gaihec

widely known
him a@lpyost as famosa ii Ge
in his own country, and he
him the same regard

his wries begui with “Trial by Jury" in
1975 and the other works written in collabora.
tion with WOS.) Gilbert came in the following

      

 

 

 

order Ho MOS. binafore (i878), “The Pirates
of Penzance” (iss “Patience” (issih, “bolan-
tee” ciesc), Princess Ida” (1884), “The Mikado

(188s), “Ruddvaere” ClSs7), The Yeoman of
the Cemard (PSSA), The Gondollers” (1888),
‘Utopia Limitea (ise) and the Grand

Trike” (isi fr fs to these opercttas that

Sir Arthur Sullivan's reputation in this country
is due, wlthough some of hia serious work is
well known and “Phe Lost Chord
lur here as in bogland,

The distingulshed composer was born tn
Cheleea, London, on May 14, 1842. blia father
waea pro raf a training school for inlli-
tary musleiana and had taught hie son the
rudiments of musie when the boy went to the
Normal Sehool attached to St. Mark's | ‘ol
Atthe age of 12, he became a chorister at

Is as popue

 
   
  

 

 

   

 

Chanel Raval under Helmore

His first song, published when he was 13,
Was asetting of the anthe “Teach Me, O Lord,
the Way of Thy Statutes.” ‘The song was sub-
mitted to the Prince Consort, who gave the
youthful composer $50. After that early be-

Sullivan's career as a Composer was
made easy and proved almost uneventfully
prosperous He studied at the Koval Acad-
emy of Music ip London under Bennett and Goss
and was in Leipzig Conservatory from 1858
intil 1861, when his masters were Mosuheles,
Hauptmann, Richter Plaidy and others. He
returned to England for a while in 1860, when
his “Lalla Rookh” overture was plaved for the
first titue under hia own direction, In, 1862,
his incidental music to “The Tempest” was
publicly performed. but it was not until his cane
Kenilworth” had been sung in 1862 at the

winning,

tata
Kirmingham Festival that his rank amon
British composers waa fixed He conductec

series of concerts at different times and

many 1
among these were the London Philharmonic
and the Yeeds Festival Orchestra He was

Principal of the National Training School for
Muse from 1s76 to ISS81_and was also professor
of compesition there, He received the degree
of doctor of music from, Camt ridge (876)
and Oxford O879) and was koighted by Queen
Vietoria in ISS3.. He was also made a member
of the Legion of Honor and had ree eived dec-
orations trom Germany and Italy,

 
 

works

 

 

   
 

Sir Arthur Sullivan's choral are
not ao well known here as his composi«
tions in other felds His best-known ehoral
compositions are “Tha Golden Tveend,”
“The Martyr of Antioch, ‘The Lieht of
the World” and many religious and liturgical
selections. He composed the ballets “The
Enchanted Isle" | “Merry England" He
made in “Ivanhoe” (1888) his only atten pt
toe write a wrand opera. His last operetta,
written in collaboration with, Ambur VPinero,
was “The Beauty Stone” Two years #gu

hh” Was sung

the cantata “The Martyr of Antoc
Some of his

in Edinburgh in operatio form
earliest’ dramatic works are “Box and Cox,”
“Thespis, a burlesque and °C yntrabandista
later rewritten and sung as “The Chieftaan "

Sir Arthur Sullivan's fruitful collaboration
with WS. Gilbert was not always harmonious
and was ultynately interrupted by a. bitter
quarrel, for witch the hbrettist was held chiefly
responsible They were reconciled for thelr
own Interests, although the subsequent unton
produced no work equal tothe best of the former
series, Sir Arthur Sullivan's last comic opera
waa The Rose of Persia,” written in collabora-
tion with Basil Hood and sung here at Daly's
Theatre without suecess. At the time of his
death the composer wae at work on an opera
called “The Emerald Isle," for which Capt
Hood had supniied the text. [It was to have
heen sung at the Savoy Theatre, wiere only a
few days ago “Patience” was revived becanse
the composer had been too ill to work on the
new score. Sir Arthur Sullivan te supposed
to have made a fortune out of his operas

GALLERY GODS DIDN'T TIKE 1!T.

Disapprobation of John Oliver Hobbes's New
Play Expressed in Vigorous English Style.
Specias Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpox, Nov. 22. -John Oliver Hobbes’s
(Mire. Cralate’s) new three-act comedy, “The
Wisdom of the Wise,” was produced tonleht
at the St Tames's Theatre There was a brii-
liant audience, including the Duk? and Duchess
of Vite, and many other notables and mem-
society The play is somewhat more
imbitions, although hardly attaining the level
of “The Ambaseador,” which i resembles tn
being a sative on moder society A feature
(s made of tne evnieal advice given to a young
bride by society worden The plot ts very
sheht and almost without action, the play con-
aistin merely of sparkling dialogue, It is
excelier tiv mounted and well acted

The fall of the eurtain wos followed hy a
disgrveefal desnonstration, of the sort that {fs
becoming » frequent at London first
nights This consisted of long booing and tn-
enlting shouts from the gallery The remainder
ef the house, ineluding the pit, heartily ap-
lauded, “Mr Alexander, after waiting a long
tine for the disturbanes to cease, inade a brief,
eoncihatory speech, efter which he and the
putherese were abused for several nirutes by
the gallery gods

 

 
  

 

bere of

meh te

 

DUKF OF MANCHESTER'S PIANS.

There Will Be Another Marriage Ceremony
When He Gets Here With His American Bride.
Special Cable Despatnr to THe Sts
Loxpon, Nov. 22.—T he Wreatminate
prints an interview with the
chester, who married Miss
man of Cincinnati last week

Gaaette
Duke of Man-
Helena Zimmer-
In reply to ques
tions as to his plans the Duke said that when
he and the Duchess arrived in America their
marriage would be selenimized again on a more
fashionable scale than the ceremony last week,
His father-in-law, Fagene Zimmerman of
Cineinnatl, had placed a private car at his dis-
posal and he and his wite would travel around
the country and see the sights They would
pay a Duke's grandmother at
Natchez, Miss, and would then go to Florida
Then they would return to hurope and later
goto India where he would @ shooting for hig
game. A trip to Japan would follow and the
Duke and Duchess would return 0 America

Visit to the

to witnesea the Cup races in August, 1901) The
Duke added: “LE hope my good friend, Sir
rhomas Lipton, will earry off the Cup" he

WILD RUMOR OF C7AR'S DFATA.

Parts Hearse It, but there Is Apparentiy No
Groand for It.
Special Cable Despatches to THe SUN

Toxpos, Nov. 22 Vhere ix absolutely noth-
ing to support the ramor started in Paris of the
(vars death Nhe Freneh Foreign Office and
Russian in Paris
report

 

the Linbassy

both deny the

Livatla, Nov 22. The Czar passed a fair
day yesterday, but slept little last night | At
® o'clock this morning his temperature wa
1011 and pulsed 72

wale :

Chamberlain at the Vatican.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Ture SUN,
TaNDON, Nov. 22. —A despatch to the Central
News from Rome says Joseph Chamberlain,
British Colonial Secretary, has had a confer-
ence with Mer. Stanley, the head of the
Vatican International Press Bureau, in regard
to Catholic missions in the hast and affairs in
South Africa After the conterence Mgr.
Stanley called on Cardinal Ranpolla, the Papal
Becretary of State.

 
  

|

NOVEMBER 23, 1900.

ODELL ON POLICE BILLS. |

8 HOVE RNOR Wh Wilt act ron THE
00m OF THR STATR Pine

 

 

 

fast Year He Sapmorted All Parts Measures
Thinks Something Shoald Ne thone to Me
form the Police Jat What, a Matter for
Canstderation: Tan War Galt omer
t+ ert r { le cate ! . f \ "
beta erd He waentert latianeh
rt ! President jow and
' Avenue Hotel and had
‘ ne ' witt ! nia te
expectation ¢ fiewrge Wo thant enew
looted ¢ ' » bey Mtote
Conmmities, did ' Moat of the
dieetiacione how mou err ne tofa
| e bill to be iatrodueed t Alhar this
winter Senat Platt reer { rdas
that a police bell w te pasend t winter
Mi Piatt has been stronels ivor of what
wa nown the last me {ile Legislature
aa the State Constabulary oil Ha opposition |
of the strongest character jii4a been deteloped
agaite! ditect State control under any nate of
the police foree of New York cit orany other
first or second-class city in the State this
opposition bas corme from epublicans. no hone

Republicans, and others Who helleve in home

nile and who doubt (fa State Constabulary bil

 

   

 

would be Constitutional, bax-Supreme Court
Justion William No Cohen is now engaged in
drafting @ police bill, whieh {4 to be subrotited
to a conference of Republican politicians
Ex-Goy, Frank So Black's friends are strongly
opposed to any poles legisiation whieh will

violate the principle of hore rule
Governor-eleet Odell was asked last

before be returned to Newburghif he had not

personally favored tle Constabulary pilbet isa

niielit

 

 

“} owes then in favor of any tall that was
made a parts ewe replied Mr Odell,
hutoas the Governor of the State Po owill de
what [ think beet for the State Ino mv est
nation sometions slow woonee lo

» the ee nnd te (re t their inter

    

co in elections lust
<a matter for future cons!
Platt said) vesrerday

feration
that he

done
Senator
lteved Chairman Donn of the KRepublioan State

he-

 

    
 

Committees would give up bia piace as a Kail.
roid Commi wer in Junvary senator Pare
fons and Senator Armstrong of Monroe are
ftronvly in favor ot George W. Aldridge as
the Railroad Commissioner to succeed) Mr
Duan Mr Aidridge’< friends sav that he
was unjustiy attacked as Superintendent of
Public Works and that no man contributed
to the unhappiness of the sttur n more than

  
 
 

=

Frank S Black and Touts F n. also that
the lawyers appointed to make the investiga
tion of Mr Aldridge con pletely exonerated

him, and were Democratic lawyers

The Hon Francis Hendricks, Superintendent
of Insurance, has been a very sick man since
July 4 He is now on his feet again and gain-
ing etreneth every day A story has been
cireulated for the last week or two that Mr
Hendricks was to resign lis place and that Mr
Odell was to appoint Mr Payn to the vacaneys
There ia no truth whatever in the report that
Mr. Hendricks i8 to resign, and there fs still
jess basis for amiggeetion that Gov Odell would
appoint Mr Payn Superintendent of Insurance
in any case,

“Tt seems as if a good many fool friends were
around talking nowadays,” sald a very emi-
nent Republican at the Fifth Avenue Hotel
last night speaking of the Payn matter. “The
whole propos ition {s absurd on its face.”

 

 

 

  

y DOWN TAMMANY.

Enlisting Them in the Movement
Alfred Steckler.

Twenty-4ve representatives of labor organ!
zations were the guests of Churles and Alfred
Steckler at a dinner given last evening In the
Arena on West Thirty-fret street, at which

plang were discussed for the formation of a

labor party to take part {n the next municipal
campaign, The dinner waa private, but a@
public meeting is to be called to arouse antt-
Tammany sentiment among the workingmen

“We have the highest res, for the Cfitl-
rene’ Union and the Chamber of Commerce,”
sald Chariea Steckler last evening, “but the
fact remains that their members have been
voting and working against Tammany for
years Without success he overthrow of

urimapny can be accomplished only by the
workinginen, Who have been the mainstay of
that organization. The gentlemen who inet
to-nieht do not intend to work at cross pur-
poses with any other organization. One thing
that must not be lost sight of is that tn thls com
Hnopolitan city the people demand their little
Hberties Tnes woud batoed Vote foe @ Maan
who steals their ney than for a man who
steals their hberty

WORKINGUEN (¢

 

Speech by

   

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

AUthe dinner Atfred Steckler declared that
of the eoo.ov) voters in Greater New York
60.00) werg worktmagmen, in whom lay the
power to correct the evils of the present city
govertivent They were the real taxpayers
and the onee tiost tytereste 4 in an honest and

efficient adminisiration of 4 affairs,
Then Mr. Stechier said

What the people of New York want in this
feal cosmopolitan city is berty, not Hoense,
ionest rrupti and as 4 result o
iis gwathertne here to-night let us begin a
pooverent within the ranks of labor that will
gite protection to cur homes and famliies and
that will make New York the Ideal clty to live
fy, The cure for the evil and the power to
wine it out rest wlth the workingmen of this
«i ind othe purpose of this gathering to-
night is te enlist \ r powerfal aid in the great
hattle that ia about to be waged for good, clean
government

inteipal

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

WON ON THE TRUsv ISSUE.

Cc. C, Howell, Rep., Defended Trusts tn Ten-
neseee and Carried a Democratic District,
fenator-elect ©. C, Howell of the Fifth Ten-

nessee district, Which includes his home city

of Knoxville, arrived in town last evening

Senator Howell is a Republican, aud the man-

ager of the Knoxville Traction Company, the

Knoxville Fleetric Light and Power Con pany,

the Tennessee Water Power Company, and the

 

Tennessee Gas and Coke Company. When
he wor the regular Kepubli “4h nomination
for the Senate in the Fifth district, Which
{s  normallv Denjocratic the Democrats
thought they would have a walkover,
and ther began to fleht Mr. Howell
as a representative of the trusts They put
an anti-trust candidate up, and an inde-

pendent Republican anti-trust candidate was

also nominated. Mr. Howell accepted the
trust issue and in his canvass he defended
modern combinations of capital He made

in the counties of Cocke,
Kos, Which make up
his speeches ha de-
modern condl-
capital Was com-

a thorough eampaien
Jefferson, Sevier and
the striet, and in all of
ct that in order
tions and to protect
pelled to organize
Lteldthe voters that L believed in com
tionsofeapital,” said Mr. Howell last) evenin
“Linformed them that to handle great projects
great corporations Werg necessary, and that
the prosperity of ‘Tennessee depended upon
capital. 1 told then: that it was wrong and
hurtful to attack these corperations, whose
prosperity } ‘d with that of

 

to mieet

itself

 
 

 

 

\A-

 

  

 

   

Was 80 closely umit
every voter’

The result of this campaigning waa that Mr
Howell was elected by a plurality of 4.500. No
other Republican candidate wae elected inthe
Senate district

 

Arkansas’s Complete Vote.
Ti7LR Rock, Ark, Nov. 22. The complete
returns frony the Presidential election in Ar-

kansas are nowallin, the last county report.

  
 

 

 

ing to the Secretary of State to-day The
total vote potled was 127,7 Bryan recets ed
£1,142. MeRinlev, 44,700, Barker, 001, Woolley,
pao, Ellis, $40. Bryan's plurality is 96445. fn
Ned Bryan recetved 108.108 McKinley, $6,808

Was 71,21!

Bry an's majority

Che Desigtt

of the case of a pianoforte
is an important considera-
tion after all the conditions
affecting its musical quality
have been fulfilled. Although
made up in a great variety
of woods, simplicity of de-
sign and refinement of detail
are the chief characteristics
of the cases of the

Masons Hanlin
PIANOS

as we can adequately show
by catalogue or a Visit to our

Warerooms, 3 and 5 West 18th St.
Near Fifth Avenue

 

 

  

 

sive rorics AnovuTt Towy,

Sarah Rernhardt le to recetes for every ap-
Pearance during het present American eeason

he eum of $1,000, which le rote than any actor

 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
  

 

 

   

 

  
    

  

 

 

er got here before Ble nora Thies, when
wae negotiating @ch an American nar
ior three vear we lgrnanded ony ¢
mn for the aervirea of } self nnd her con
fh She wae to gel @) co a perfor ea
for seven performances a week and wae! ‘y
ther actors Mine Bern ivare athe
rea penking a foreoen latnwuage & ve
' " fort saete thie wits
hat bremelioa ij never hee ‘
ee f her on * Phiriog heer t
four here four veers va sen b ible
’ wey ehareol econ Sonetinypes abe
Wie pated ine arn md the rateof traneter
' thie te Da wos high, but «he wae ne '
hy to pestoone the transfer for a das The
ashy that she inried bach will °
' want (870m, whieh waa he
be file profite doting the Week and ¢
er dine e night be ree wba Cevcok Chee phe tnet
As her jewel hieh were taken out of pawn
for ler Anjperieat in, were all pledged again
he dav after ber arcivalia Pans that amount |
aaou her Vervii iu ,
She hie Hust Knows a Torn Litera | Why shouldn't
' he never before er no ee | ue ‘ av
Dien tand’. plas lL Ation” bas inde a st | a ai ae have
{ ine for heroin Paris So she is for the | yiish attire as
' jue Deltas ante to indulee ii the uses well as the rest of
healtl Hitherto her iron constitu seTSOn ?
vi eTsot
lon has been the despaur of the other actors : ri “g : } °
in her company. Sie Was always able | You wouldn't
iopear isice a day, undertake without fatigue think of wearing @
long rellway journeys aod rehearse for hours suit of clothes cut
foie titnes This veat is ae panied by A last se '
a opossican and «a nurse aud has exhibited a at cr a t Beason 6
tetdenes to do ne toore work than Decessary stvies
Drosaal this chanwe tay be due to the fact Kegal Shoes are
that he is to receive for every performance lea anid t
a fived sore and her earnings do not depend the only shoes
seotnuch on the number of her appearances cpresenting the
The cost of the organization may be under tvlesof this sea@
stood from the size of the giiarantees demanded 4
outside of New York, No lass then $4,500 ts son. :
necessary to cover the cost of every perform- You
tor very p tort ne wht ‘a is robab yoaut on ges
fore wer formance, ich is probabiv quite +
as much as he ever earned ot any previous them later
tour He also comes back in good fortune ov inother
and he also owes it to M Rostand, whore shoes—you
“Cyrano de Bergerne” lifted the cloud of im- { c: a ‘get
gprs bankruptey which at firm darkened ‘ an §
iis career as a manager when he took his own hem NOW
theatre in Paris ca inthe Reyals
The suggestion was nade in an uptown elub onty. Kegal
one nigit last week that some enterprising Shoes are
+t
inan should build a hotel in this etty and call patterned
ntter .
it Hunter's Hore or some name suggestive atter the
te
of the same thing. When the man who pro- latest de-
pesed this was jeered he proceeded to show | Signs of
that there was sone justification for his sug the great
vestion, New York at this time of the vear | custom

isa fairly good headquarters for aportsmen who boote

are fond of hunting One may reach the deer maker
country on Long [sland by about an hour's mee 19 of
ride from the cuty timate fn the Adirondacks London

aris and

 

 

the hunter frequently has to travel several
hours from hos camp ‘The duck shooting | New Vo
within easy reach of New York {5 excellent New York

—the men

 

just now Iwo men bagged sixty-two ducks
down on the Great South Bay in one day's shoot- who set
ing last week. Within half a mile of the city the stvles
jatts on bong Island Sound just above Pelharo ne Bty?
Bay Park patient duck hunters get good shoot- for the
ing every fall A honter can reach these world,
waters within three-quarters of an hour from do
his hotel in this cits The Long Island woods . ©
are full Of gray squirrels. New York is not pot wait
only an excellent simmer resort, but, accord- until
ing to this authority, it fs also a comfortable everybody
i

place for hunters in the autumn : :
is making

hem. We make them first and always
~~ in the lead,

Regals are madein 151
121 sizes, in t

The unpleasant taste which the Croton water
has assured this fall ils @ source of profit
to sellers of intneral and other waters,
and in fact has increased the consumption of

styles and
all oer le possible

  

     

} S z 1 ;
all kinds of soft drinks to av amazing extent shapes, aud sold at the uniform,
{n the boroughs of Manhattan and The Bronx every-day-in-t ar price of $3.50,
‘bhis bad taste when it first became not. ceable Don't waitfor ‘marked down" or other

   

 

di objectionat 4 pecu
larity about it is that if becomes more oblec
hionable the oftener one experiences iB  Be-
tides, the water with which (he two boroughs
is now afflicted has an unpleasant odor The
taste and odor are of the insipid kind that when
constantiy. recurring becomes almost insuffer-
abie They resemble each other, too, more
intimately than is usual, so that when one is

 

Was not dec

 

** sales There never will be any.

  

5

New York ''f
Brooklyn {337

 

 

net gelling in its work the other pretty gen

erally is Asidetrom fear of infection the uau- Delivered cart —

<eous dishke bred by thia wretched liquid has fathe Us reas pes prepetes so Ony Racers
tr i “tates, ‘ a, e +f

 

impelled people to have recourse to all sorts
of beverages to appease their thirst) [he
brewers are probably sharing In the resultant
profit, but an tlustration will ehow to whar |
extent solt drinks are belng consumed = Last
Sunday evening @ thirsty man sent @ mes-
senger to a nearby chemuist’s store to buy a
bottle of a certain sert of mineral water ‘The
chemist told the messenger that he hadn't
that special kind or any other kind: tn fact, he
was sold ont of ewerything that might be used
to assuage a thirst. He said he had never
known such a demand for theee wares And
his experience is the experience of every one
else in town who sells that kind of goods
Brooklyn water bas never been considered
remarkably palateble, but there is a maen-em-
pic ed in the neighborhood of Park Kow who
rings over for his own private consumption
a large bottle of it every day when he comes
to the office from his Brooklyn home

many upon receipt of perpair, A toany
point within the mit ot the Parcels Postal Service,

L. C, BLISS & £0, STORES

Poston, Vrevidence, New Vork, Brooklyn, Palrhe
more, Philadelpoa Woshington, ittshur
Buffalo, Cincinnata, fe hicago, Detroit,
Cleveland, Denver, Albany Y., Atlanta, Ga,
Milwaukee, Wis, FACTORY, Whitman, Mass,

    
  

 

 
     

 

Rear Admiral Roger N. Btembel, U S&S. N,
who died in Washington on Monday, ranked
second on the list of retired Rear Admirals
and although he was 90 he did not enter the

 

service until fourteen years after Thornas
©. Selfridge, who is the oldest Rear Admiral
living, bad joined the navy. Rear Admiral
Selfridge became @ naval offcer on Jan. 1,

1818, and was placed on the retired list in 1868
One ot lussons, Thomae 0 Selfridwe, Jr, was
retired as a Rear Admiral in iss and another
eon is Commander J. Russell Selfridge, who
served as executive officer of the Puritan
during the Spanish war. Four or five other
merbers of this remarkable family have served
as officers in the navy. Despite his advanced
age the elder Kear Admiral Selfridge is still
mentally active. A man who saw hin recently
said that his present strength gave hie sons
hopa that he would Ive to be 100, His most
noticeable physical failure is his eyesight,
but bis newspaper ts read to him every duy
and his interest in everything pertuining to
the new navy is strong

    
  
  

Regal Shoes inHarlem

‘or the greater convenience of Our many
Harlem friends we have opened a store at
the southeast corner of 7th Ave. and 125th
St. and Regal Shoes are now on sale there,
during alterat

  
 
  

ms,

 

Since the blockade of the tracks leading
to the Grand Central Station began on Monday
some of the women commuters eniployed iu
the city have developed remarkable gvimnastio
abilities There was a good deal of gruubling
from the commuters on Monday mornin
when their trains were held In the tuandl
for nearly an hour and on ‘Tuesday mornin
some of the wise ones Whose trains stoppe
just before entering the tunnel lef! them and
climbed over the iron railing at the sides of

Kirman Shah

and other Oriental Rugs at
prices which will bear com-
parison with any other collec-
tion in the country.

 

 

the k to the street, relring on the surface
cars to wet them downtown They — gained
nearly an hour intime and on Wednesday

jeered the passengers who had
stuck totheecars From such trains as stopped
at Ninety-ninth street before entering the
tonrel on Wednesday morning came a number
of determined women who Were not goin to
take chances of being late at their offices fi, ¥
climbed o# bravely over the iron railing as
the men and went downtown by the elevated
or the surface cars

morning thes

333T0341 FOVRIH-AVENVE

(Bet. 24th and 2510 Sind New Yoru.

' ; Candle sticks of original and
TRIED 10 KITL HIS STEPSISTER.

chaste designs worked in
green bronze metal, set with
opalescent green jewels,

Candie Sticks

Skinner Forced Carbolle Acid Down Mrs, Mu-
ford’s Vhroat and Then Committed Satcide.
Raston, Pa, Nov. 22 -Desperate at the

thought! of separation from Mrs Lewis Mil.

ford, his stepsister, who had infatuated him,

Eugene Skinner attempted to kill her early

morning and then kilied himself at

first it was thought the man had become tu.
sane throvel neuraleic

this

pulls and this was the
wonian's explanation, but lettersinthehandsof | §

DIAMONDS,

CHESTER BILLINGS & SON,

  
  
  

   

the authorities show that they had lived as man
and wile tle came here nearly a vear ago
presumably fre ‘ She arrived
with her f > &@ few monthe
niga ihe woman is feud to be the disowned

  

laughter of a than named Parker who is re.
ferred to as a rech New Vorker

The letlers show that she reioiceed when
Skinner wrote Co her that he would send tones
to being her family here, She was then living
n le Geties sireel Anbourn, on Prevents

wa painter and paper hanwer and made
. Phe neighbors

suspicious about
>and theeltidren called Skinner

 

hat the

the

 

s4\

 

    

 

   

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

orditur to dest child Sitinuer pot
outof the pari hightand then eudea L
to ehlorofor ‘ nolher She fough S .ccressora to
off and he went ou The ehil nhowent tod
a'antardo te! ‘Nortuaakennd ty heteue ||} RANDEL, BAREMORE & BILLINGS.
the ' wher « Wing for hel ‘I “4 voathibe rs
eae and a phsvsicunalse, whofeund Mire. Mil-
fordsulte v from burus ie the me heausedhy | £8 Nassau Street. 20 Maiden Lane.
earbole aevd st Thad cone tack, gone
into Mra. Milford’s toon und tried ty pour the | —— -——_---

id dow wr throat while ste stent Chen | *
he ran inte the street and was found an hour | >
later dead \ bottle of chloroform was found : .

the parlor and a vial that had contained | @©% 4 Dd“ is 2 7h 2ee
carbolic acid in the bed § ri ‘

Skinner had taken vo uat was lef giving 7
Mre. Milford what he though: woe

tfatal dose ~
Shilford bad decided ' ‘

It seems that Mrs
! Skinner would ne

note Aubort

And by the Dozen.

 

FLAT TABLE SILVER CHESTED

Tt ia reported that Playwright Charles H “em

Hoyt's will leaves his home at Charlestown,

“ae

fand hence the conclusion t »)
to kill her Her - The Mauser Mig. Co. »
tis ead Skinner basa wife living. Mis. Mil- ) : eae ; e
ford will recover, ) SILVERSMITHS, @
Playwright Hoyt's Home for the Lambe? a .
a9
° TRADE

oO Ve.
Agree to
Lhe attempted
husband has deserted her ‘
| f
j

 

 

N.H., to the Lambs’ Club my ”
— — “ *)

As to Lots, Plots or Farms. . ory ©
mackie at Yum tee eeene Waae atin 2 Shop and Factory, ‘IGE. 15th St.
good thing ts presented, Let them know what | @ eiween Hrondway ard Sth Ave. a
you have to offer by usng the advertiaing | @ on ae t

columns, —Ade, @ORESTSCEe 400446229884

 

gee ON eee