z
|
|
i

meer

oo
=

GRETNA TM RD.

a

ae nae

 

@

enuniie

-

 
  

The Stree Sun.

 

FRIDAY SOVEMBER 23 1
Sobecripttione be Wail & pid

PATTY, per Mont go 50
Pat on Vear ao
RUNDAS ‘ aan
PAILS “a eon
PATLY AS ' 7

Pustace te foreign enone '

« ‘ ' f y

Pawis+ Kiosaue ne corand Wot .
Klose So tb evarde Capoene

Jtoour triemda whe far La ER momecrepia for
purliicarion wiant nue eferted aett dea ceturned, (Mey
muslin te Caner tet erampe for that ma pe

the Cut in the War Tavxes

The additional taxation rendered neces
sary by the Spanish war and its conse
quences Was levird se artistically by Con
gress two years une and accepted) so
cheerfully by the uation, that if ean
scarcely be deseribed as a burden

Never, probably, in’ the history of the
world, have war taxes occfsl ned less

grumbling, or hus there been obtained with
jess friction and hardship an adequate
revenue for operations vast out of the
ordinary.

The main complaint heard from individu-
als under the impact of the War Revenue
law has related to personal inconvenience
rather than to the actual money disburse-
ment, as in the case of the small taxes col-
lected by means of stamps. The great bulk
of the revenue needed by the Administra-
tion to meet the unusual responsibiliues de-
volving upon it has poured through myriad
streams into the Treasury aa easily, natu.
rally and with as little surface disturbance
as water flows underground into a well

We observe that the announcement that
our present are producing a
surplus. and that the Ways and Means Com-
mittee is already at we shaping a redue-
tion of twenty or thirty millions a year, 1s
received by the country rather with tran-
quil satisfaction and kpeculation as to the
probability of iimmunity from the adhesive
revenue stamp than with the feverish joy
which attends the sudden lifting of a erush-
ing load.

All this fa an ineident of the prosperous
times that came with Mcokinuey, The
financing of the war period has been not
less fortunate than the other important
features of his historic Administration.

reventies

 

‘xpanston,

The member of the Cabinet who spoke
at the dinner given by the Chamber of
Commeroe, the Hon. CHARLER EMORY
KMITH, Postmaster-General, repeated with
signifleant emphasis the Administration's
programme regarding American affairs in
the Pacific:

' Whoever doubts and disparagee the fitness and
aptitude of the American pfblic to play Its appro-
priate part in the requirements of advancing eiviliza-
tion, let us not share that unworthy and unmertied
distrust In considering the work before us, we may
take some truthea for granted. ‘There can be no back-
ward atep. The President himeelf bas sald there
will be no aenitie policy.”

This is, of course, the view of the Presi-
dent. It ts the view of the present Con-
gress, and {t is sure to be the view of the
next Congreas, elected two weeks ago with
an increased Republican majority.

The Delusion of a Common Worship.

recomnine the authority of this committee

to make a form of worehip for it?
the Conference,

The hole heme «of

and more partioulariy thie attempt to in
troduee community of worship by ane

rifleinge the emmerpteal benpualer relisdous
fuith, indicates simply that Crose engaged
tr the enclertalcines have at ther own
fath and have come into aaceernent bre
canaeiof there comnmoon deare to find a aul
stittde won oat acre levetion
Whe more Likely to satis the inetinetive
eravinw for reliagious worl Which re
mains te them. though ther fath baa de
prirte:| Intellectually they are qatnostios
bot agnostic i tee cold and arid: for
fliein bewet Haunt as dong as thew may
alopy the couree they are purestines, how

ever they will never find aavthing satis
factory to both, either for themselves: or

for anybody

tae

Police Partnership With Viee and
(rime,
A letter from oan bpiseopal clergyman

printed « this mito
the obhernel of the
New York

fo what

pie oo
Viee tn

lsewhere On
question at
eentiousness is in-
evituble and unpreventable iu a great
community is not in any way pertinent
to the discussion provoked by the letter

extent

‘of Bishop Potten to Mayor Van Wreck

Whatever religious or secular opinion as
to that matter may be, there can be no
difference of opinion as to the demoral-
ization of the police and the community
by the systematic police protection of
such jicentiousness which {ts notorfous tn

New York; nor can there be any doubt
that that glaring evil is entirely prevent-
able” Immorality may be ineradicable by
ony civil power and unquestionably tt
exists in the world on a wilde sca&e, In
spite of the teaching: of religion; bur net
less unquestionably is a system under

which the civil authority is made the purt-

ner of vice, sharing Its peeuniar gains,
an outrage against civilization and ail
deceney, pagan bo less than Christian
}and aavage no less than civilized, whieh

, Rerved,

The State Conference of Religion, whose |

sessions enled in New York last evening,
is composed of representatives of many

! stringent official regulation

Christian denominations and of the Jews, |
Its purpose being to harmonize the dif- |

ferent manifestations of the religious sen-
timent, representatives of al! religions
should be eligible, logieally, to join in it
Perhaps practically they are admissible,
and from the character of a scheme of
common worship prepared for it by a com-
mittee appointed for the purpose we as-
sume that they are made welcome,

The Conference treated various ques-
tions, religious and social, but, with one
exception, they seemed to have only a very
shadowy relation to the particular end it
waa organized to secure.” This exception
was a discussion on “ The Possibilities
of Common Worship,” in which the Rev. Dr
Hisen Newton of the Episcopal Church
took the leading part; but eo far as his

paper hae been reported, it also appears to |

have been general only
“As the sense of a common life grows,”

said Dr. Newros, for instance, “ the sense !
of a possible common worship grows with

it.” But most not worship to be common
proceed fromacommon eonception of the
Being worshipped’ It is) based on faith,
and faith differs radically in Christian,
Jew and pagan
it the worship has no intelligent impulse
As Dr. BEnKkowltz, a Jewish rabbi of Phii-
adelphia, said: “ T must worship as a Jew;
you as a Christian” Forms of worship
are moulded by the character of the belief
How, then, can a common worship be
possible except in the common absence
of any definite belief? Underlying every
religion and determining the form of ita
worship and furnishing the reason for if
{a a form of belief. The worship ts a rite.
[It ta not mere abstract worship, but the
expression of devotion to a Divine Power
as conceived by the religion and = pro-
elaimed by its tenets It merely a
gentimental exercise for deleetation
of people, but is preseribed by authority
as an act which in its very form is obliga-

Is not
the

tory Ask a Roman Catholic about thea
matter: ask a Protestant: ask a Mohame-
medan

The committee of this Conference of

Religion to Whetn the practioal question
of providing a form of common worship

 

was referred consists of Dr Newton, an
Friscopatian, Dr Gortari., a Jew, and
Pr. Sirecen, a Unitarian. Undoubtediy,
if those three radically conflicting forme

of religious faith cou!) agree ona common
prayer oook, the problem would be in a
fair way of soution Sut how
AreeMent possi ie

is such an
VTL }

the

a totally new

  

religion which retects
eierneots of the faith of ec
in the mere sentiment

Well, what

list imsuishing

ated consista

of devotion?

has this committee done?

Without doctrine directing |

‘

) the limit of seventy feet ¢

It has prepared for pubheation a" Manual |

of Common Worship,” deseribed as ean.
taining selections from othe Jewish,
Christian and ettinie Scriptures, prayers
sels ted from Jewish offlees and Christian
mirgiees, ancient and medern, aa well
from oprivate sources, together with
mos from a wide range of authorshin,’
‘The theory, We suppose, is that it is to he

worship of a Divine Power simply, without
anv

stract and indefinite conception of ir,
But it is a theory against which every
Chureh of Christendom with any definite
faith is arrayed implacably and necessa-
rily. What one of them would or could,

Nitempt to go bevond the  tmost ab.

is both unendurable and eradicable

In New York under Tammany domi-
nation the more vice and erime flourish
the more are the pecuniary interest of the
police and the authority over the police
Under such circumstances, of
courae, they are fostered and extended
rather than repressed, even to the degree
authorities, It is

possible to the civil
also an inexpressibly vile business, this
extorting of bribes from crime and in-

iquity in return for police protection It
degrades the police and debases the mora:
tone of a community tolerating such a
system. Itis an outrage against the police of
New York, for generally they are of a manii-
neas which revolts against the parts of stool
pigeons, panders and accessomes which
the system of partnership with vice and
crime imposes on so many of them. to the
knowledge of the whole number

That all this is preventable every cttizen
knows, every policeman knows

 

Tenement Houses.

The Tenement House Commission has
begun a series of public hearings, to get
at the state of the public mind regarding the
tenement question and to prepare support
for such leislition as the Commission may
propose at Albany this winter,

The firet of these hearings had for its
subject tuberculosis, the scourge of the
tenement, Experience lias shown its sup-
pression anywhere to be largely a matter of
A thickening of
population increases the difficulties of regu-
lation, but prevention nevertlieless is a ques-
tion of effective sanitary supervision, and
therefore not hopeless At to-day’s hearing
the conatruction of tenements will be con-

sidered with the evils that spring from re |

stricted quarters, dark hallways, imperfect
airshafts and the like

For months past the Commission has been
receiving testimony on this score from build-
ers, sanitary experts and reformers with
opinions. A string of questions touching
every debatable point was submitted to
everybody interested
range from the complacent acceptance of the
inefficient and obstructed fire escape as ample
provision against disaster to the demand
fr all-flreproof tenements that brooks
no compromise; from the doubting Thomas
to whom the great unwashed are un-

|

o THE SUN, FRIDAY,
er

@reat and inatant peril tothe tenants, There |
fe room for serious conedderation of every
eugeeetion that alma at making tenements
wife agningt this danger

The moral question wht hw now agitating

the City will recetve anectal consideration
nine ture hearing Ut ie not anew one The
{ of Miwiene pougzied over tin ise
mrh thee Coilebe Tenement Ifouee Com
reson recommended five vearm ae
lewielation which ehould proish with greater
eeventy | ' ‘ joand tenant forte
wiiltv of ntomoating tenernvent h une |
premises, ad being public enomles  Thesig. |
gestion Was net aeted on then despite the
showing of the Comrmiesion that the evil
was rapid merensinkd fhe time would
Reem ripe for such action now \
The subleet goes back ever to over. |
crowding aa the great difiloulty How |
ia if to prevented? How are the avila in-

tiramicede

herent in the 26-foot lot to be mi

Stringent ordinances, midnight inspections,
have been tied and the crowds have gone
on inereasing Sie hundred cuble feet |
per sleeper was made the rule, the ‘de- |

brought if down

alike

mands of the siteation’
400) All

in practice to Teas i res

have failed, and to-day forty Italian famt-

| lias may be found camping in flata intended

, house

The answers received |

washed froin choice, to the believer in his)

fellow man who will have nothing less than
a bathtub to every tenement flat. They
embrace the view, somewhat belated,
which hails the airshaft as a deliverer and
that other which condemns it as a chief
nuisance of evil contrivance, The man
who looks upon the whole problem as a
practical question of enforcement of exist-
ing law has had his kay with the one who
would wipe the laws all out with one fell
blow, if it takes all the money inthe treas-
ury, and make a fresh start. They have
all spoken their mind, The Commission
cannot cemplain that it has not had advice
enough

It has studied, besides, the Tenement
House laws that mark the successive steps
inthe fifty years’ struggle with this brank-
enstein and the heusing conditions in ail
the American and Ruropean cities,
some good, some bad, all so different fror
those of New York that) profitable eom-
parison is made very difflenit. It is satis.
factory to know that Philadelphia requires
all tenerments over four stories high to be
built) fireproof but) Philadel-
phia has no tenements over four
high, and mighty few as tigh as that, if at
has any. It adds to the beauty of Wash-
ington and to the comtort of her people
that Nero's enactment for Rome, setting
the height of her

big

throughout
stories

tenements,
are no higher than the street is wide. But
Washington has hardly a hundred houses,
according to the commuttee’s report, that

 

would come into the category of tene-
ments as understood in New York, namely
that harbor three or more families living

iIndependentiv
has more than

two and

The Greater New York

ROO TeMerments, With aA quarter
ivwirgg in them. Neverthe.
New York
had followed the lead of ancient Rome. It
may be that as the bridges that will «pan
her rivers let the crowds
flelds she will return to the Roman practice
and cease climbing up

he Commission has power to examine,
heeides the houses, the morals of those who

Iniihen tenants

less, until quite recently too

ot to other

live in them and ° all other phases of the
tenement louse question that can affect
the public welfare" It has sifted very

thoroughly the Question of safety agaimat
fire, and the facts are set forth in a report
now in print. Nearly half of all the flres in
the city occur in tenement houses, and a very
large proportion of these in the night

It is then that the airshaft, transformed
into a chimney flue, becomes a source of

'
|
for aixteen. It is suggestive that the plan
brought forward now was the one urged by
the first citizens’ tenement house com-
mittee: that of licensing the house to hold
ao many and no more. The plan has the
clear advantage of compelling at once the
effective registration of all tenements,
vainly attempted before, and of enabling
tho tenement police to keep tab on thelr
tenants as well as on the landlords |

Commission and for the
community to discourage bad tenement
builders. The question was raised
before the last Commission, and may be |
raised again before this one whether the
community may not also encourage good |
builders by a rebate of taxes without in-
curring censure for undue paternalism,
Vienna has tried the acheme and the out-
come of the experiment will be looked for
with {uterast. Tho early reports were
that building had been overstimulated to
the loss instead of the gain of the builder, |
It ia the bistory of radical propositions
of the sort that they ie over, after having |
been raised, to allow sentiment |
to catch up with them if there ts good in
them, That is the sense of having a Tene-
ment House Commission every five years
to go over the #¢roun 1,

New York's housing problem ts the prob-
lem of its metropolitan growth, not easy to
solve, but to be solved at any cost, for
at bottom itis the question of the home
from which proceeds citizenship, good
or bad as the bome may be. Governor
Roosgeve.t was right in saying when
he appointed the Commission, that its
task was more important than that of the
Charter Keviaion Commission, Jt may
not say the Jast word in this matter; but
it should be possible for it to say a sensible
and helpful one, It has been proven abun-
dantly, say many of the special advocates of
better tenements, that it ts commercially
profitable to build good tenements, models
in all respects, even on Manhattan IJaland
On that showing it is fair to prohibit the
building of houses that are unfit to live in,
and in which the home cannot thrive.
That is the gist of the whole matter, and
in any reasonable effort to that end the
Commission will have the hearty and in-
telligent support of the community which

'

it is for the

public

it serves,

 

Boat, Owners and Master.

From now until about the end of August
the public will be particularly indebted
to Mr. Avaust? Briaont, JAMES StIi- |
man, Ontver H. Pazne, F. G. BocRNE
and Hrxry Warrers for the pleasurable
excitement and patriotic pride ineident |
to the building and ractng of a -foot
sloop yacht provided to protect the Amer-
fea's Cup against Sir Thomas Laipron's
Shamrock Il., the representative of her

t owner's second challenge for that peerless

trophy. These gentlemen, acting as one, |
will build the American boat None of |
them needs a boat of the size and shape |
that has been contracted for. None of
thern expects to have her for his yacht after |
the contest is concluded. They all know
that, put up at auction then, she will bring
amere pittance ofhercost, Butallofthem
belng warm with the fire of the yvachts-
man and having the public spirit that
meeta unstintingly the need of a Cup de-
fender, they have banded together to make

ithe sacrifice that the sitnation calla for,

accordingly.
All handa may he oongratulated upon
the fact that Mr

They are to be saluted with ert

WiruamM BK. Duncan,
Jr., will be the captain. In the trials of
1809 between the Columbia, commanded |
by Mr. Onrver Isecry, and the Defender, |
commanded by Mr. Duncan, there was |
nothing to choose but the boats. Mr,
Isenin having brilliantly commanded three |
defenders, including the |
“year,” Mr, Duncan need

snuceessful Cup
Defender in her

show no better credentials for the place |
he is to hold than the races wherein he |
took the Columbia's measure, {
With the syndicate of owners as ft ts, |
‘and with the commander appointed, the |
public may be sure that nothing will be,
left undone to gain the desired victory. For

| Seems

is in foree there; dwelling houses |

that, therefore, itis “upto” Hernesnorr,
an artisan whose triumphs indicate that
the Genius of Perfection may Jend a hand
to the boatbuilder as she does to the maker |
of ecientifie instraments To start to
build a boat better than the Columbia
ike the attempt to gild the Illy,
But so it seemed inthe case of the Defender,
We may look for another HerreshoY suc-
cess with Even the Cobiunbia
{a doomed to take second place when the
coming champion {a ready forthe fray

Of Shamrock Second’s relative abtitics
Americans may have their idens:
far as she ia concerned, only eongratuia-
tions to Sir THomMas LapTon are now inorder
on his double-decked persisteney in
of the prize he longs to lift

confidence

but, so

quest

Thissafe to say that the
Hoyt made more people tau
mant. his genersation, N
with hirn as a source of
the irreverence

pirely the
aduy tabilit
lived in, alt in

ippled hes faentit

late Catniis
hthan any
one eonld compare |
fun. le had tie,
we mean of earthly
the tere ptien
characterize the
hichest grade; |
& to plar-writing |
Hoyts non- |
'

i

'

‘

other

arcns',
mife-ue
and the
time he
and he

with comme
sense Lad the
itself No oon stopped = tr hink
funny, anc would hare been
taxed to explain, ation bad been asked
for, All that you knew was that it
laugh. to al known extremities of la

  

humor,
thet
the
surite gs 1ccess,
charm of
eyer

never ecplaliing
why it) Was
f expla
mide vou
eht rand

the flashes of genius like the “ Bowery” or
“Pagee lazzle” were not sorare, Hoyt had
anationalsor cf fun. He« inspirations came

from every phose of American life, but the
special dre-s put abou! them never locilized
them. He made use of politics, society, trade,

sport, the hotel, t.e railroad stations, the junch

| A splendid

counter, the expert of the Innoeent, anything
ard owerrtiing hat come He arated @ form

 

eo! dteoma tat had ne ef ele
bkell te Peappenr botlt eas delat fully ene
ferta ning Thewlole (mer ean peanle anios od
iia play oan dramathet eon draam of to
@rea@ter trbiite fom ble countewme

intieTy pw rand PVatemake n seetlent
tade trtysi tt ed in St Loute « fled
uo der theheadowge Vir Devinvk @ Hemark
misle Detter Le testof a eommuni atl ne
conthy addvegacd ton esting of the United
Iypothe m held in Kan ae Clty We print the
tter 4 wether gart of this pag M
WPVINNK ta the hed and front) of Amerionn

Meaniin of New York, a
vf and his letter, pare
la well worth the

‘flosopher and ashe
feuariy at the time
cirefulatiention not onty of the protivg trade

etlabor

|
'
ti powraphy. the
'
t present

Hut ofallenployera of sk

 

Mr. Twins, adas Cregiens, has played the
part of She good ettlz nin pursuing and over.
coming toe cabinan who overcharged bin
Wecre srry that every cabman ean't make
Givin das, t who like Mr twats, hel «

»\f the public again teharge thar the
law forbids deserves thanks. pee al th mha ilir

 

enb chores, ince th

jate cabmanar® [te
taht and under other
may be trouble

be against forbidd
demands of thee tortie
quently at times of
Circitustances when dispute
some.

Full of years and with the proud distinction
of having borne the Stars and Stripes on the
seas Jonger than any other craft, the schooner
Polly has been wrecked at North Brookville
on the Maine coast. She was built in Ames-
bury {n 1806 and had been in continuous ser-
vice ever since. She was 4@ privateer in the
War of 1812 and itis reported that she captured
no leas than eleven British vessels as prizes.
From that time on she kept to the peaceful
track of commerce until her end on the

 

; shore of that part of the United States where

the sturdiest of American ships were fashioned
handicraft
she must have been, and hers was the honor
of outiasting all the great creations of our slip}
builders in the opening days of the century.
let as much of the Polly be saved as possible
and then let New England enterprise build
new Polbes, the smartest of their kind,

specimen of a noble

We cannot but think that the reportof the Epte-
copal ymtmittee would have oeen more consistent
f i. either adopted the Roman Catbolle doctrine that
marriage ts tucissoluble for any cause. and therefore
refused the sacroments to any remarried divorced
hereon, or adopted (he conservative: Protestant doc-
trine that marriage Is dissoluble for the cause of
ad itery. and therefore allowed intnisterto remarry
tue innocent porty after sien divorce. The Outlook

 

   

 

The “conservative Protestant doctrine,” from
the thne «f the rejeetion of the sacramental
character of marrisge at the Reformation, «
that “maleious d sertion” dissolves marriage
no lees than doe adultery  Certsinly the Pres
byternian Chureh is conservative, or, ot lenst, it
wie 80 when the Westminster Confession was
adopted by it, vet that at ndard mokes “euch
wilful deserton as can no way be remedied
by the Chureh or civil Magistrate” “cause
tufficient of dissolving the marrige.

 

 

IME WICE CRUSADE,
The Reasow Why the Police Are Not ‘Shocked
by the Orgies of Vice."

To Tur Evitor or The Sun~—Sir: Bishop
Potter thinks that pros itution cannot be
stamped ont, but the question is not
whether it shall be. or shall not be, but rust
reputable citizens be annoyed by tt; mustour
wirlsbein ‘angecof being practically kidnap-
ped: are they to be victime of a procurer or
prooureas? “A patrolman of the Fourteenth
precinet’ in THE Sun of to-day says: ‘No
deeent man or womanin this faircity of New
York need be shocked by the orgies of vice and
f{oymorality so vividly, so luridly deserihed, if
he or she do not travel in search of them"
lioes this policeman know that decent men and
decent woman are socked by these orgies withe
out going in search of them? Does he know of

e place called Allen street? Muet it b> that
cltie nsunderan. e.rcumstances are to be wit!-
Out police protection?

During vast neoth, on the same Sunday
morning, three yout@ men were robbed and
thrown into the streeta trom dives protected by
the powers that be Kodress waa cut of the
que@ion Of cocrse, the persons were victliis
oftheir own wrocvgdoing, and therefore de-
serve no pity, but that is not a question for
any single offleer to determine. But more,
whatalhu: and ery comes tor evidence of these
vbuses. Crimes of olisor mare unearthed, why
neotthese? Detectives Grilam ant Sheridan,

slr,

 

 

having but a «nele safetv pis for a clus
brought two Lureiairs to prison. Was thie case
morsor less dMicult than to discera the red
curtain?

Now, «Ir, no citizen seriousiv believes that
the streets cannot be cleared of the flaunting
immodesty whieh dissraces our “fair efty of

New York" ‘They deo
certain housee which pav $20 a month (n wold

bills cann t be aeeepred) protected, and
thatthe nterterence of @ police oMeer will not
be tolerited by tus supenom. In the red-cur-
tain district there, now is one house in which

bell ve, however, that

   

   
  

 

  

 

live na large murib fairs, men go inandout
as if it was & baker's #@hop, pay oO cents, one-
half of which is pid tothe landlord or land-
| dy, acd inthis den of infarny ts lodged the
donghter of a prominent eitiz n of Ph ladel-
ph isitno tinea check was put upon the
whole tusiness?

\W oH Weeks. Rector St Thomas's,
LONG Istaynp City, Nov. 20.

RAW KATAHDIN AS A TARGET.

Mr. Gathman Wishes to Test His Powerfal Gan
on That Veasel,

WasHINGTON, Nov. 22

Companys, which

invention is

The Gathman Gun
claims that Mr. Gathman's

the most powerfol plece of ord-

! nance In the world, have proposed to the Navy

Departinent that the ram Kathadin be used as
a targetin the trial of the sun, which {sto take
place soon under the observation of a foint
ariny and navy board, Naval ordnance ex-
perts have been endeavoring to devise a target

 

 

 

whieh will rv svapnt the resisting qualities of
a battleship, but the Gathman Company want
aproetlealtest, andis urging thatthe Katahdin
be socrifieed for the purpose or, in lleu of that
vessel, one oof the Civil War monitors, — It
is not likely that the Department will give up
the ram toan eh purpose, but the propos.
t nis th onitor is more favorably

lie Katahdin was built on plans
drawn in accordance with suggestions of Rear
Amiral Daniel Amoinen. Her only purpose

in war would be to ram an enemy's ship, She
haspracticallyne armament and heronly chance
for safety les in her heavy armor protection,

 

Population of States

Wasntnoton, Nov 22 The Census Bureau
to-day announeed the population of Mississippl
1% 1,401.07 In 1,280,400 These
fgures show an inerease in the population
of the State since 1880 of 241,670 or ver cent
the population in i880 was 1 181,597, showing
of 158.008 oF 18 per cent

lei if was

 

n inere from 18%
to 1s

Lhe population of West Virginia is 858,800 in

 

    

1000. ag compared with 782 744 in 1890, an ine

eoseof the last ten veare, or 25.6 per
cont The lshonof the State in tesa was
CS 457 shoving an inerease of 144.257, or 224
perce t fron, TS80 to Teo

The pom voncof Missourt fs 2.106.005 in 1900.
Ay conjpared with 2.°79.184 In 1800, showing an
increase in that decade of 427.481 or 184 por

ont Tn isso the population of Missourt was

 

216s.500 which increased HIS or 2h5 per
cont te laa
living for @ Cents a Dav,
From the Chicago Record
Brann, Ind, Nov 19 Willam Holler, 60

yearsg! ave, a bachelor of t! is city, has denione
strated that a man ean liv’ and thrive on ®@
For the lost four months Holley,

 

cents a day

 

dA before and te!

NOVEMBER 23, 1900.

|“7we CANAL”

Abe Me HeVinne of the Trpatherm Me | Torpeda Cratt Hiakety ent Inte the Water Hohinean's Painting, Last to New York, Gnes

Furor ens CNTON,

    

reand That Trade ¢ sions He tncorporate

Make THom Mecmeredtiie far Eheth Methane
Brom the Top cla and [Platemake
The flirat thine thor he Tipothete haste |
conaide ‘ feltet « they onte We only
heat (hentis whe we peoulife andi wet eon
what the houldleagedore net Welbavect
foe th ue a ies roel. or no olyof
bor, anineorporated orreg ebb and anda
coon lh embraces ririoat beaee every
tritetare trade of an ordanigetie bien
cinima toe ertos in cleor hoi the busine
of any printing hese that etpeae Noddy
wil) dap ite t cond thane! aff Now vwlat
fre we going tod) about it? Foren th ecparate
laMee, unnided of for afew unoreanized off es
fowar with his monopely is as unwiwe a ener
fice of effortae | woud be for one man oun

 

wholives alone and does his own cooking, has ;
epent just #@85 for food He says he has
“a ; This was bis billof fare: For
breakia-t, e ffee, ment, bread and sugar: din-

reame, With proba ty a vegetable; supper,

sane as breakfast
Fach week Holley lave in asupply of food
whi bh hemakes deo for the entire wees. This
SUPDPIV Consists of the following
Cents
Bread oe C00 eeeees ‘ 18
Sugar ‘ . 10
Meat ‘ eect
Coftre . . f
Vegetables es eeee veneeese @
Cost of week's food dr seve 45
Oeceasionally Holley will purciuase a few

 

slibstantial vegetables, such asa head of cab-
bage. 5 cents’ worth of potatoes o one or wo
tomatoes, Which could be purchased for a cent
aniece, and on this allotment of food he eats
three meals aday for seven days in the week,
when he replenishes bis supply.

|

 

armedto flebht ahord of wild teast« ue eonly

eAvety AAO prewent and futere qwa@reasion te
fn concerted aetion We have adeal tolearta
from example set ue te Co @ titers !
Al! the unions of this count have attsined
their pre ent postion by power: forgariziton
Jourpe omen prions every al had ta deg
deatot hoard work acd self-sa eo toestabliat
unto fhev hidto take rake Many of then
lost situation All «ft themphave had te sub
mit te serious tacos, @elf imposed Jeoordina
to information racentlv reoeived from a union

nan. {t costs hin during aseason of peace and
quietness about $18 a year to pay his assese-
mente and regu'ar dues During the period of
a strike ft may be twice as much, or more.
These assersmonts armount in the aggregate to
hundreds of thousands of dollars If I recolleo! |
rightly, Now York Typographical Union hos
received for its strike fund during the last year
$102,000, all of which has been spent; ard you
inform me that the [ntérnational Unton pro-
poses to ralseasimilar e@im for some purpose
yet to be developed) Weare, then, confronting
anopposition which has raed and can rele
a larger amouct of money for strike purposes
than we have ever attempted for defences It |
should be humiliating to us as employers that |
rooney to carry

the unions have raised so much
out their plans

Before we can expect to succeed in any oppo-
sition we may make wemu-t reser’ tog similar
policy. If weare unwilling to pay self-imposed
tuxes, to take risks, ty lose business, ty) bave
ouromMces stand idle, to make saer fee,
waste of tine
ations ogainst
our
dec| fe

itis
and temper to indulge in denunei-
the typographical unions. Hew
opposition should be made isno forme to
Tt should beguided by our | secutive
Committee, or by a conmittes of ox-Presidents
of our Typotvetm orin way as
the United Typothiete may detertrine Ihave
proposed before. ard | repeat thata |
tax of 2? jer on the payroll of every |
printing house would bean equitable mensure
for the collection of this defensive fund If
our Workimen ean piv eccasionady, os they
have done, S pereent taxes on their earnings,
Wwe mu afford to pay 2 cer cent. tax onour
pavrolls, Lobe suceesstul this tix or Assess.
ment hiuetbernflesibleand universal, It would
be grossly unfair toexpeet that asmall portion
of our mermbership should pay, while the jarger
portion pay nothing
Members of the inion are by no means
aureed in approval of the poliey of their lead-
ers AJlarge an nerity, possibly a mafsority. dis-
like that polley quite asmuchas wedo. They
submit to lt, on agent to it becanse it does no
immediate damage to their tnteresta It is to
them of amall co sequence whether the fore.
meno! the offless nwhich they work are or ore
notunion men They do not object to linotype
moehini-ta and to proofreaders who are not
members of the tno Their sympatrics ore
entirely with employers whoar: trytrg to wet
the best men for these po-itiorns hey knew
that their own work is made lighter aod more
pleasant under the directi» of competent t an
of ineompetent men ‘They vastly prefer
working with educated and intelligent compos.
itere or apprentices than with incompetent
ama'eurs or graduates of petty shops who
happen to be members eof aunton, do not even
ur derstand the rudiments o  pricting, sud who
have to be instru ted in the simplest duties
The sympathies of these men are with us
They etick to the union, whose polley they dis-
any) rove, largely in the spirit of ood fellowship
and notso much from detiberats eh ic Few
of thon wish the union Gestroved, but many
would be Wadtohave: the power of chairmen |
and business vents seriously enrtailed. They |
donot ob ect to that equality of representation |
fnaechipel meeting which enables a band of |
|
|
|

 

some discreet

Wnow

cent

 

 

ignoran! andtemr:orartiv employed picce com-
po-itors to overture sk led men who are at-
tached to the hous’ in which they have worked
for year-, and who do understand their busi-
nese They lcnow that itis the temporarily em-
ployed piece compositors, the tramping feeders
and proe-emen, who originate neariv all the
sirikes ‘They know that the wages of expert

  

 

   

workmen are kept dowa and wil forever be }
kept down, so long as the union compels the |
uployer to pay incempetent men wages which

  

--

ys have not earned and cannot ern. Tt is bad
olfev tors totake any cours: that willabenatea
these wood weorkmenand tairmen. Jt im good
policy fo draw them to onr side, and thisis an
5 teable poli
tat Tones bad in arbitration ta |
1 do beltove, however, in erhitra- |
and not afterasirike
on a eonferenes with
the Wnion be'ore new
The equity of it

     

nearly gone
tron before
right to in@ist
menor with
roles are made

It is our
our work-
rates and
is apnarent

to every reasonable man ‘The Internat nal |
Trion at ite tast meetiog, has fineily given
fritsadhesion to that pocevr in opposition to |
the power of one ounmoen in Now York, |
which ciims the ight to do as it’ pleases
rbout rates and rule. without conferences 1

think our Typothetm shold take actionon that. |
Ii shoud insist that every sc le of prices now
in forces or hereafter to be putin foree ahal be |
the jornt work of employers and emp oved, and
should have the signatorcs of eve y offlee in
terested theofflee that will net sien or that
breaks its promise should not have the support
of the Typothetm

In case of disagreement as to the eonstric-
tiinor appl cation of any rat: orruie a joint
committee Of employers and empoved shonuid
decide the question

Our views on the following questions should
be rea®irrned with emphasis

First —The rig’ t of an employer to choose his
own representative inthe shane of a foreman,
whotherth .t foreminis oris net a member of
the unio

Second Thericht of an em lover ty birea
tmachinis' who helones to the Lino'ype Machin-
ists’ Union, oris free of all unions To ask an
emplover to take sides naquarre! between the
linetype machnits and twpoeraptie s) seems
quite ax absurd as it would be for the Pyne
graphical Union to insist that the emplover
should em’ lov nore but Democrats or none but
Reno blears

Third Thergeht of anemplover to be unre-
stricted in tis choice of proofread ors is a imatier
that shoula never be given up

|
|
The empo er
most have correct reading, and |
|
|

 

 

niet engenasr:

competent persens. who are t iWays to be
hadinthe rank. ef taion men PS Ticht must

no over be canceded

Poorth Weshould egree ton limitation of ap-
prentioes, but not fon too narrow limitation. |
Theunon does us no horm when it prevents
som emyplovers from having the greater port
of their ork done by approntions and two- j
|

 

  
 

  

thirdors, but the itution of one apprentice t+
tenimen isnot ressonible Tt is notenoush to

    

 

 

     

supply the needs of goodoMlees The rule that
calls (or the reetretion of apprentices. is and |
mut he of no effet in the imnagornty of snot
aniofeomateur pinting houses Thev cannot
be disciplind by us or by the union Thv do |
asthevehoose, and graduate hundteds of in-
competents every fear lo comne! the en !
plowa ot tee joo oor he printing Louse to!
eniploy these Incamre ent men at fullweites
woohave halftearn dth ir tr » ond to dency
therm the rweottoeduest Goal ed workmen, is |
an iniustice Ths are atters «o whieh Th

think the Pnted Pypothe ta should express an
ap non

var have said ab @ Sela.

What vate hess of |
ariit Vion with aon ion that fa rat imeorpas |
rated hos been said neath nd fore dads Tean!
idd no hing toit, but Pometke thus suggestion, |
whe should beamatter «fh ceveral veresment: |

Cantoe men who represent toca! Typothe a
a ; '

 

he induced to petition th Legalatn es of ther
respective S ates forthe pass veo a law @lhih {
wi mel che jneorporation of every trade |
union? The denunetytion of trosts of present |

seems to be an
hould labor
Trypothetma o
A pet tov some
would fellas

approved 3 v, but whe f
nnion. be een ted 1f thee
ever: State would ur
enlightenne t of je:
They re dit had enoneh

   

ein sin
slators

It ix

    

not probable that aov hing wonld be effeered
this 4 r. but if the question was stead ty
pressed venar ofter veer the result would be

      

good It would ultima-ely lead -ome amen |.
nent eur one-sided laws wonld make
lenders of Sh hea more Teste than thes
are now If the meiwho ord ro strike wer
made as responsible for the consequences of
that strike as the mas whe fires agun ina

crowd or the man who stert.a fire thet spread. |
ton horse we should have fewer strikes [h,>
plea of the man that he dd pot know the
gun wes joaded or that he oniv nm eantto burn a,
weadahed, rata howe, i. of noavail before ary
impart al judge The man is made responsi bye
and properis, net for what he says he intended
to do, but tor what he did

| believe TL have alre day given vou my view
concerning the appem toent oof a) salaried
official Whose busicess will be te promote unity
and concert of actio Tttink favorably of t
tan, but T beg for extreme caution in the |
selection of the man. His power for mischief |
can be as great as his po ver for cood

IT much reeret mr inability to be present at
on: itv. Teonlinot take an active part
nthe debate, bu! Lam rone the leas interested
Tsend to you and to all our fellow-members
kincest greetings and best of wishes Yours
cordially, Tueo. L. DeVinns.

|

 

LAUNCHED ONLY ONE MOAT.

14 Wark

 

the the tone t

 

 

  

Romtos Sev 99 One ene ef the two FE nited
Stitea wider tevat @hioh baa heer
trueted of Lawter'e ehinearde of Manth it
(on Wa vw} ¢ | tegen the
tre Crone of Oe } © wae fot deep om
¢ wn ' ! her The
" ‘ i weet " ' ated «
tt wat e «f the ether trent
lhe lore ow tout { when the @ ’
j te ts ‘ whet
nerd sof, and dd het eae
tab P tI '

“ t ‘ Siutew) ered of
prloee thee my titer ' thronmged the rl
aioa it ‘ sord wae wiver
atart the Bhate I here n few toonont
ringime of tl tout r then as «! ewan to
mieve Mis Nelle MEO Waite f Wir etadon
Springs broke th tle of wine acrows the

prow an i

Mars ser bite eM went throng the
fornumitvcte Lee Teorar whens thee cle
cissen not ted eeeel wa TT
mt ‘ act ’ hampaewne io the festiy
te ih) ot wall e water qibet and
wibete

The torpedo Mout. Bhike No wand De
Tome, No fs ure twoet thee wht torpedo hente
ordered i " of jaws baeh coutretiog
flrta had San whieh te Comptete thee
work oof bribe euedy beat Three tocpede
boats have been bunt a Mirssteliboett the
George Lawley A fson Corporation ot Souch
Boston seoeurine the contracts for. the con
struction of two lhe contract called for boats
Of TAL tous displacement with a speed of twenty-

six knoteanhour

The Blakely is named for Capt) Johnaton
Blakely, who was born in Llreland in 1771, and
who became famous as commander of the

fiehting ship Wasp tn the War of 1812) The
De Long ls named for George Washington De
long, Jienutenant-commander of the United
States Navy, the Arctl: explorer

HOT ROAST DEEP ON FIRING LINE.

An Itallan OMcer's Compliment to the Suab-
sistence Department of Our Army.

WasHixaryg, Nov 22 -The annual report of
Acting: Commissary-General Weston was made
public te-day by the War Department ‘The
total expenditures of the Subsistence Depart-
ment of the army during the past fiseal year
amounted te s2o,s71,770, The of stores
and subsistence property iocean transportation

losees

 

amounted to $is4,4u7

Gen Weston quotes the following come
plinenteary allusion te the Subsistence Depart-
ment made pv fieut) Terriecio Vital, of the
Italian Aru ilitary attaché to the embassy

Spanish war, and
the United states

auring the
Manila with

at Washiragtor
who weotl to
troops
\hat plessed ne probably more than any-

was the sight of serving hot roast
Boldiers cn the flrina line eatin the
Viilippine Istinds, males and railes away from
the palitary depata ‘Phe Commissary Pepart-
mentofvour War Oblee has been eriticisead very
horshly, but nen you eonsider what it meane
to feed Soldiers on the firing line with hot roast
heef you will satree with me that it is a feat
whieh) few armies ean boast of. | All the time
} have spent i the Phitiopine lands | have
lived aud teessed with the officers, have watched
closely how the troops fared, and DT must 6av
that the Conmissary Department did splendid
work

Gen Waston makes the
mendation that bakers be
military service Hesays

“Yo properly subsist the troops when in the
fleld means of furnishing them fresh bread
should be provided. In order to do this, a
field bakery column, modelled upon those now
authorized in all foreign. armies, should be
organized, and trained bakers should be pro-
vided

Gen, Weston recommends an increase of
twen'y-tvocfilcers in the § ibsistence Depart-
roent, which he declares ts necessary to give
the department proper efflciency.

thing else
beef to tt

 

 

     

 

recom-

specific
in the

enlisted

 

 

NEW NAMF FOR MONITOR.

First Named Connecticut, but That State Pro-
tested, and the Name Is Now Nevada.

Wasitnatox, Nov 22-The Secretary of
the Navy has conferrad the name Nevada on
the coast defense monitor which was ortginally
called in honor of the Stata of Connecticut,
The Nevada will be launched on Saturday
Nov 2 at theshipvards of the Bath Tron Works.
Four monitors were authorized by the war
Congress in response to the demand for better
coast protection and they were called the Arkan-
saa, the Conneectient, the Florida and the Wy-
oming Dissatisfaction was expressed by Con-
nectient people that their State should be repre-
sented in the navy by a small, non-seagoing
vessel, while other States lad big battleships
named in their honor. When one of the new
hattleships was named Rhode Island. the smoul-
dering resentment of Connecticut broke forth
into wrathfal protest and the Navy Depart-
nent, in response to representationa from
oficera and prominent men of the Nutmeg Btate,
conocelled the nane bestowed on the monitor
The Nevada peonle are satisfied to have the
monitor named for their State, the ermallest
in the Union in noint of population. Benator
stewart hae informed the Secretary of the
Navy that the State appreciates the honor.

LOCOMOTIVE KILIS A DEER.

Tt Was Ranning on the Track an@ Made No
Effort to Get Out of the Way.

Porr Jervis, N. ¥., Nov. 19- Four miles
west of this village the Frie crosses the Dela-
ware into Pennsylvania, where deer may etill
legally be kiled) [In New York State, however,
the season fordeer has closedand fresh venison
eannot be lawfully brought Into this State,
On Sunday morning as Train *4 was coming
toward Port Jervis, itsengineer, William French,
suddenly espied a large buck deer running on
the track ahead of the locomotive. The buck
made no attenipt to get out of the way of the
engine until {tf neared a minway. It waa
then too late, for the engine etruck the deer and
hurled it down an embankment. Conductor
JK. Winters instantly alighted from a ear and
ent the buck's throat In order to evade the
New York State game law, the animal was
placed on the nilot of the engine and brought
is far aa the Delaware River bridge, four miles
from here, and left in the eare of a frend
Later in the dav asonof Mr. French drove to
the bridge and brought the carcass to his home
in Matamoras, just aeross the Delaware fron
here, travelling the entire distance on the Penn-

 

 ovtvanta side of the Delaware

WOWAN'S PROGRESSIN TWENTY YEARS.

Mies Anthony's Request for Information tn the
South for Book Matertal.

Rreumonp, Va, Nov. 22.-State Superin-
tendent of Schools Southall ia in receipt of a
letter from Miss Susan hn Anthony,
of the National American Woman Suffroee
Association, saving that she is going to writa
women
sking if there

of the general progress of
for the past twenty vears, and
is any discrimination hetween the privileges
of the boys and girls in the high sehools and
the » eehools of Virginia Capt. Brent
{ oard. has answered that if

a history

‘
Seeretare «

    

 

 

there is any diseritmination itis in faver of the
girls Ween do five-ergbhtt of the teaching
in the tub ecohaols of the State He ale<
has written that there is a strong sentiment
inthe stace in faverofthe higher education of
women, and that ina few vears the’r advan.
tages inthis dine will be equal te those of men

Capt. Brent added that the school board re.
centty recomnized the woman as the head of

 

 

 

‘amily, and that this decision had heen
fh by the Dnited States District Court
* wot Rie ond
Ste'bor.
To THE Eprron oF THE SUN Sir “Ste'Bow'' fe

agood strong expression and should be so recognized

    

       
 

    

and be brourht back Into the Bnglish voerbutary
where undoubted’y it once had a place, Probatiy
when the “Llue ard Cry" wasa legal institutten in
Pngiond “S'te boy Wastin common use Soundel
as Theard it more than sfsty years ago in the wilds of
packwowds Michigan bo an aged but stalwart rela

ve, with a redundancy of expression of which it te
peculiativ capab i! became a terror of expression to
trespassers implied a cow endia d too, that
pite And given a { salar a bon
Ne c er ouseditor 1, cattle rheoting inthe
cornted used to flee there wild terrer, without
ev watting fort Suppo us dog The effec

tive ss of that er ANd ts reverberationsin our eall
‘ clearing made an Impreseian om mv youthful
memory Which lapse of time has not effaced, — Sie ‘erm
eek thems is nether aptnor suMeientiv expresare
nh MANY cares Ste boy means “There's the eni
rit, go fer him, We could use it now abunden ty!
Depeoly, Mich SENEX

Washing Prices in the Phillppines.

bran the
Thaveopenria
from the canteer

Aparréd News

laundry and tatlor shop one block
Where you can get your tfloring
meto your satisfaction and with laundry work no
ean befound My prices are as cheap as can be
found in America,

Soldiers’ washing, one month. $1.00 (gold)
Officets’ Washing, each plece, 06 (gold)
Rest and cheapest in Norther Luzon,

First-class in everything
KWONG Hor SHENG, prop: ieioe

fault

 

FOR PHILADELPHIA.

to the Pennarivania Academe of Pine Arte

the painting by the lite Theod re Kotte

 

. Which the trusted oof the Metrapeltan
Museum fated to appre ate ae qualified for
wo place in that inatitution, ehen the pleture
‘ red te them lnet voar, hae gone tothe
1 Heantae Ac vdere f the Pine Arte at
V) Pedelobt where eomne ether good pleturee
' * gone fecant The poalnting te one of
hoe a Pernt nelwc ng Mr dohn La
bute teh it for presentatior the Bovtety
Aner Artiste and others to the Metre
politan Mipwn and th woe pourehased and
fered te thes enim eof last your
The ¢ anol vis piloted ont of doora {tt
“" per ir inting cd the Metrope't
(tam antl | decided that the New ork
titel healer fhele care could net eneo
fae the toetheds inant whfleh the pleture rey
bese tte fhe Pennavivenia Aeodemy mar
wement bow no te nt com plein of thet:
decision, sine wots tte New York will
be vw geinte b tlelpht
last mont the eoting of the Board
of Controlot the Soctety of Amertean Artlets,
ho feseutho “4 depted that, at the. eng.
westion of the mongaging director of the Penne
ee lvanty Neqadernve, Mbe Pheer. Morris, “the
pioture it thee beater Dhyecectoter Hethinsen wit.
chased for presentation te the Metropolitan
Museum and now in the nds oof the Board
ef Control of the Society of American Artlats
te formell Wlered ote othe  Pennavivanta
Academy of the Fine Arts for its permanent

a

LT

colleetion

Tie panting was offered as a @ift, and the
fortnal offer with a copy of the resolution of
the Board of Control waa sent to the Penn-
avivania Academy. In reply Secretare Bruce
Crane of the Soolety of American Artists re-
ecelved the following letter, dated Philadel
phia, Nov 14

“My Dear Arn: On behalf of the Pennart
vania Academy of the Fine Arts, I have the
honor formally to ncoent the presentation by
vour society of the painting entitled ‘The
Canal,’ by the late Theodore Robineon,

“In ao doing I beg laave to convey in return
our cordial thanks for the addition to the Aca
emv's contemporary collection of this wor
of a gifted and lamented American, and to
expressas warm appreciation of the generous
service given to the art of the nation by the
Society of American Artiste Faithfully voure,

“Epwano Howen Coatrs, President”

The Penns: lvania Academy has mode some
aequisitions lately which have directed to t¢
tha evbs of come friends of art in New York
who watch the museums

ODELL TUNCHFS AT COLUMBIA.

The Governor-Elect Refers to the Bread and
Cratters of His Stadent Days.

There was a lively thneon Columbia campus
vesterday when Governor-elect Odell appeared
there as the guest of President Low ata faculty
luncheon {in West Hall. The Governor-elect
was cheered by the students as soon as he
alighted from hie cab on 116th etreet. The
undergraduates gathered beneath the window
of the dining hall and repeatediy gave the
college vell with Odell and Low at the end
of It and eried for a speech. President Low
eald the etudent reception to the universitr’s
@uest pleased him. Mr. Odell said things were
different at Columbia now from what they were
many years ago when he was a student; for
instance, the luncheon | e was gerne toenjoy as
compared with the bread and erullers of his
time. He invited Columbia men to_drop in
and see him at Albany. When Dean Van Am-
ringe was called tipon he pointed to Mr. Odell
and sald This is an example of the men Co-
lumbia turns out.” The crowd waited outside
of West Hall until the luncheon was over an
cheered again as the Governor-eiect crosse
the campus

Among those present att) faculty luncheon
were Dr. George © TD). Ode’, brother of the
Governor-elect, Dean J. Ho- .rd Van Amringe
of the collewe, Prof. Charles F. Chandler of
the department of chemistry, Prof. Frank
J. Goodnow of municipal law, Prof. Frederick
R. Hutton of engineering, Prof. George R.
Carpenter of rhetoric and Prof. F. B. Crocker
of engineering

 

COLOMBIAN LIBERAIS PROTEST.

They Object to Government Contract With
Panama Raliroad Company.

An open letter was sent yesterday to the
President of the Panama Raflroad Company
of this city by Dr. A. J. Restrepo, diplomatic
agent here of the Colombian revolutionists, in
which he makes a vigorous protest on behalf
of the latter against a contract between the
Government of Colombia and the company.
This contract grante to the Panama Raliroad
Company the practically free navigauon of the
canal of Rio Grande for a term of fifty years

and releases the company from the payment of
$10,000 monthiy, stipulated by another contraot,
It provides, however, for the cash payment
immediately of 200,000 to Governor Carles
Aiban of Panama, who makes the gran

Dr Restrepo declares that the Liberal Govern.
ment, which will soon be established at Bogota
upon the succese of the revolution, will not
ratify auch @ contract and warns the Panama
Railroad Company against paying over the
$200,000. He says it is illegal and a violation
of the Constitution of Colombia, which does
not give to the President or his agents the
authority to make contracts of this charaoter
without the consent of Congress

A copy was sent to the State Department at
Washingtou. for future reference. It ts Ps
opinion here that the $200,000 is urgently need
by the Coiombian Government to continue its
defence against the revolution

Dr. Restrepo sent a similar protest geome time
ago to the French Panaina Canal compeny,
which resulted in the abandonment of the
negotiations for the payment of $1,000,000 to
the Government of Colombia for an extension
of Ume to begin work on the Panama Canal.

 

 

CONDITIONS IN CHINA.

Greater Trouble Anticipated —Names of Dan
gerous Leaders.

John Foord, Secretary of the American
Aslatle Assoclation of New York, is in recelpt
of a communication from V. G. Lyman, Secre-
tary of the American Association of China,
dated Sheanghal, Qet. 27, which puts the most
sinister {interpretation upon the conditlons
existing in China. Mr. Lyman asserts in his
letter that foreiwners in China are confronted
by extremely dangerous conditions, and that
only prompt and decisive action on the part

of the Powers ean forestall a movement which,
if permitted to grow unchecked, will result
in farereater troubles than have thus far been
experienced — dle writes

Ki from such as are recognized as neutral
and friendly distriets it is well known that be-
fore and since the flight of the court from Pekin
tneny prominent officials have left: their oP
pointment., and having sone north with the
avowed purpese of falting the Boxers have

MENACING

 

   

  

 
 
  
 

no sooner d there than their purpose
i< charged, they style themselves ‘De.
f ers of the Throne,” which is ample evi-
de that their original purfiose was to add

 
 
   

joxers in the fure

their support to that of t
sager'a plans.”

theranece of the kmipress Le

Mr Lwman vives a list of se leaders, an
it inelades Li Ping-Lerg. lu Chuan-ling, Hwee
Pa-pu, Sung Shee, Chen Lih-voh and Ru Heten,

 

 

 

All of those, he asserts, are dangerous reate
tionariea and thew bave all been rewarded
with Jigher offices atthe hands of the Empress,
The highest a of the Powers, writes Mr
Leman, is to protect Viecrovs of Control
Asia who by their influence have prevente

terrible shed, ‘ho are now being

    

undern ined by the intrigues of the Fmpreas,

TTEUT. LIVINGSTON'S HEADSTONE.
Sent Back to Gettysburg by Ile Sister te Be
Preserved as a Relic,

Gerrysnuna, Pa, Nov 22--The Rev. WN ER.
Ashmead, re of the Memorial Church of
the Prince of Peace, has received the headstone
whieh was placed at the grave of Lieut Man-
ning Vivin moof the Third Untred States
Artillery, when he was buried here after the

bate of Gettysbure  Younm IAvingston wae
a resident of New York city At the age of

 

   

 

 

 
 
 

20, at the outbreak of the Civil War, he entered
the Unien Arm: t Liewtenant in the Lhird
4 ery We served through the battles
at Richmond, Predeneksbure and Chan-
oe seville and wee killed in one of the treat
“ eharges tnade by the Confederates upon

th

‘
diay

 

sition of Gen Reynolds during the fist
of the battle of Goettvshure Hle was shot
bs a rifle ball while repelling the charge
body was buried where it tell

Some time atterward the bode was removed
to New York and the wooden headstone was
given tothe relatives This week the Kev Mr
Ashroiead received it from Miss Julia Livingston,
a sister of the young r, with the request
that it be placed in the vestioule of the memorial
tower of the new church After being placed
in #n jron case with glass front it have
a suitable position with the 200 other memorials
ranged around the walls of the tower

Exhibition of Ceramics,

The New York Society of Keramie Arte will
eive an exhilution of decorated china, glars
and pottery in the small ballroom of the Wal-
dorf-Astoria next week This is the ninth
annual exhibition, and will include a large
nuraber of articles which were exhibited at tlie
Paris Exhibition and which received medals
there. Lhe society aids a number poor
‘women, who sell their work through its efforts.

 

 

   

  
    
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

|