TOPICS FROM STAGELAND,

AON RD PARACHE RA WHO ATTACH THR
THRATHEA RRCALEAAIY.

Parkheret’s Indiorriminate Nefamation of Mar
frame's Character Citered an Teareag
Paragraphe About Gertrade Pitlott,
Chetetie MeDenald and Menrictia ( rasman

The reckinsaneas of some cleraymen when
they preach about the theatres fe astounding
Upon Olga Nethereole'e fret appenrince in
“Rapho” the naatiness of her performance
@ae denounced by most of the newepaper
afitics In positive terns fut the Rew Lr
Chalmers of Washington aeeniliad the private
character of the actrone, applying to her per
eonally auch deseriptive phrases ns belonged
to the creature she portrayed in the play Mise
Nethersole was quick to sue him, and he haa
had to apolowize humillating!y to get himeelf out
of the affair The Rev. Dr Varkhuret te «till
more careiows fn a recently { uoNehed denuncta.
tion of the stage, but so general ts bie libel that
no one can Uiine an action, th nigh he well
deserves to be le@ally brought to account
“It bas come to be a fact in the city of New
York,” he wrote, “that a theatre as a rule
cannot be made to pay unless there is more
or lees of that tn it which is objectionable.”
Dr. Parkhurst’s use of the word “objectionable”
te indefinite. Hemight obsect to Miss Adams's
male garb as the boy tn “L/Algion” or Mr.
Manafield’s lack of personal beauty as the young
King tn “Henry VY.” of Mr. Crane's assumption

 

of the horse trader's rude manners {n"David
Harum” or Mr. Drew's depiction of the Con-
tinental’s fighting temper in “Richard ¢ arvel
or something else in every one of the other de-

servedly successful playa now on our stage,
What he probably meant ‘o fay Was
nothing less than that theatres eannot

be made to pay without immorality. He
did not Intend to raise any question of
Nterature or art {n connection with the drama
His purpose was to accuse our playwrights,
actors and managera—not a specified few,
but substantially all—of pandering to a@ de-
praved public taste. This reforinatory clerey-
man once made a round ef the city’s vile re-
gorte to see for bimself what was done in them
He did not denounce them until he knew what
he was talking about. But Le publishes an
assertion about reputable theatres based only
on the reports of fools or liars, “I have it,”
le says, “from those who are constant attend-
auts.” If these informants are honest fools,
they must have sedulously avoided the
many clean plays and sought out the foul
ones. If they ere malicious liars, an astute
preacher should not have been deceived by their
absurd misrepresentations. A personal in-
vestigation of our theatres by Dr. Parkhurst
would be far leas undignified than that which
he gave to the brothels, and enable hin to leave
out the innocuous entertainments from a proper
denunciation of the vicious. Of course his
belief that the drama la generally objectionable
carries very little weight. No ona need be ex-
eited by it. Rather try to be amused
flerce | t that ta upon the stage,” said Sir
Henry Irving, in lately answering an Er
wreacher’s remark that no morally unobjee
fonable play had a chance nowadays, “the
actor may feel tolerably safe tn leaving his de-
tractore to euitertain one another.”

  
  

 

Gertrude Elliott's betrothal to Forbes Robert-
eon, though promptly denied here by her
brother-in-law, N.C. Goodwin, is asserted
positively by the young woman in London,
and probably she knows more about it than
he. Miss Elliott and the more widely known
Mrs. Maxine Fillott Goodwin are daughters
of Thomas Dermo of San Francisco. Maxine
was in Augustin D*'y’s company a while, and
there her beauty ¥ 3 more manifest than her
talent, which has since developed greatly in
quality and quantity As a joint star with
Goodwin she has had all the advantages of
exploitation. Gertrude is barely pretty, but
bright and quaint) Her asignments in the
Goodwin company were to comic parts. She
was thus concernedin the London failure of
“The Cowboy and the Lady,” but she followed
that bad start with good shares in the suc
cesses of “A Royal Family” and “Lady Hunts
worth’s Experiment.” Next, Mr. Robert-
eon made her the Opheliato his Hamlet, where-
upon they became lovers in real life

Christie McDonald, whose betrothal to Joseph
Jefferson's voungest son William, has jet
been announced, was Introduced to New York
in extravacunzas at the Casino, where her
cultured voice and dainty personality cot at-
tention at once Tt was not expected that she
would wear tights in that cay theatre long
without losing her polite demeanor and foing

for notoriety by means of aemi-public ex-

4, after the manner of most Casino celeb-
rities; but she retained a modesty of demeanor
roquired skill aS an actress, ond at present,

though a helpmate of Peer F | Paley
in his huffoonervy, and associated with
an exhibition of audactousiy undressed
women, the feminine nicety of her stage bLa-
havior not lessened. She wears skirts now,

and ts made to playa trick with ther that the
spectators do not like. One scene of “Hodge,

iodge & Co.” is in a poster designer's studio
A lot of chorus women pose as models. That
symmetrical butt of ridicule, Frankie Bauey,
{s exposed ina startling area of real and simn-
Jat skin which Dr, Parkhurst might well
denounce. Dailey sends Miss MeDonald out
to put on a Prince's costume which, he says,
includes tights but no suspenders She re-
turns enveloped in a long mantle. When
she throws that off, she is another Frankie
Balley? Oh, no. She ts atill deeorously
clothed. That is highly commendable. But
itis a good rule never to fool your audience

Henrietta Crosman had been forgotten by
most people who go to New York theatres
when she came back to command adniration
as Neli@eyons, Nor did the eight of her cause
@ general recognition, because she had been
vulgarly plump in farces, while now she was
eleganuy slender in a comedy. In the mean-
time practice had made her a proficient act-
ress, and marriage with Maurice Campbell
had provided a heartfelt manager, It is likely
that Dr. Parkhuret would reasonably find
“objectionable” but not shocking things In
“Mistress Nall,” aa no portrayal of the historic
siren could purify her, In these days of Gwynne
playa it is intereating to note how that actress
olimaxed her profession in Drrden's tragedy
of “Tyrannic Love” or rather, how the author
wrote a somewhat reckless epilogue for her,
Here ara the lines and stage directions

“Epilogue to ‘Tyrannic Lore.’ ” Spoken by Nell
Gwynne when she was wo be carried off cead by the

begrera
Sell (\o the Bearers)—Hold. Are you mad, you
damned confounded dog’

Iam to rise and speak the epilogue,

(Then she advances to the audience.)
| one kind Gentiemen, strance news to tell ye,
am the Ghost of poor departed Netile

Sweet Ladics, be mot frighted. Ill be civil;

‘m what I was--a little harmless dev’)

‘or after death we Sprites have Just such natures
We had for all the world, as human creatures
ope therefore, I, that was an Actress here,

lay all my tricks in Hell, & Goblin there
Gallants, look to it; you say there are no Sprites,
But I'll come dance about your ders at night
one. faith, you'll be in a sweet kind of taking

en | surpriss you, between sierp and waking,
Boa you truth I walk, because I dir,

ut of my calling, in a Tragedy,

Oh, Poet. damned. Dull Port, who could prove
Bo senacieas, to make Nellie die for Love

Nay, what's worse, to kill me in my prime?

But farewell, Gentlemen, make haste to me,
I'm sure ere long t have your company.

As for my Epitaph, I will write my own —
“Bere Nellie lies, who, though she lived a slattern,
Yet died a princeas, acting In ‘Saint Catherine,’ ~

Dr. Parkhurst will kindly observe that Dry-
den provided profanity in abundance for the
original Nel) to utter, and that theon!y bad lan-

age put into the mouth of her rey resenta.
“To
We are not degenerating

ve by Hazelton is a single outbreak
el) with all of yez!"
opelessly

PEEPED IN A WINDOW AT MIDNIGHT.

Maa Whose Wife Had Been Annorved Held a Guna
Over Jorgensen Till a dop Came.

Henry Jorgensen, 31 yeara old, of 268 Fifty-
sixth street was arraigned yesterday befure
Magistrate Voorhees in the Coney Island court,
ch with annoyirty residents of Hay Ridge
Pa ¥ pesving into the windows after night-
fell @ complainant was Morrie Familton
of Fort Hamilton avenue and Seventy-firat
street, whose wife had been annoyed. Farnil-
ton caught him about midnight and heid him
at the point of a revolver until a _polleeman
arrived. He was hold in $20 bail for further
examination.

LAWYER'S BILL CUT 98 PER CENT.

Wife of Princess Chimay’s Brother to Pay Ofiy
8300, Not 817,770.

In the suit for separation of Victorine A.
FL Ward against Eber Brook Ward, brother
of the Princess Chimay, ® reference was or-
dered t) Eugene H. Pomeroy to ascertain the
value of the services of Louis Mathot. her
£ou . Lawyer Mathot put in a bill for $17,-
770. referee finda tiiat the services were
Worth only $300 and that $55 has been paid on
@ooount. He ends that plaintiff! be

Teoom:
teed to change her attorney on paying
0242. ——

 

DROTARDAV'A MUBIC.
The Rendit Viring Quartet ts Heard and a Now
Warriane Gtnges.

Mr Charts ®W Clark, a barptone from (hlen@o,
@ave a song fecital fn Mendelsohn Mall yee
tetday afternoon Hiie programe @ae lar@elt |
devoted to the “Heder” of Bcohubert and Selwu
mann liere @ere besides eongs by MK Her
mann, Teehaikowaky, Lucas, Hane Hermann |
lhe Kowen, Allieen and Waiter Darmromeh |

| Mr Clark ale ided Massenet a atr, “Vieioh
Fugitive” Jie nheweomer ie a man of good
Presence and the pomsemaor of a beautiful
voor of franwe and fe®tonance lle has teate,

end hie a#el ine bea been
At tlhioee hia 9
andy

the #

mustoal feeling,
tnoat etrenue i
in the upper ree
the continued use of
tones” it beeomea fatigued after a forte
the Intonation of Mr Clark sows
and plano tones arrow bueky intrue
Bit he wings wall) se atc niiment
he surely must have earefully iatened to
Max Heinrict-and shows such justnesa in
many of his interpretations, that he deserves
Hie was

@ i@ teed)
owing

frontal
then

ater eaibly

cated

h fire anc

quality will make of his singing an unalloved
pleasure
A string quartet {¢ made, not

geneais {s writ large and painful in many books,
1 which
last

many lustrums. Yet the mew quart
appeared at Mendelssohn Hall night
was, {f not full Nedged, certainly a most promis-
It is named the Bendix Quar-
consists of the following leb
Mat Bendix, first violin: Ernst Bauer, second;
J Altechuler, viola, and Leo Schulz) Max Ben-
dix is a well-known virtuogo, a pupil of Sauret,
and for eoma years concert master of the
Thomas Orchestra. Mr. Schulz is a solo ‘cel-
list, late with the Boston Symphony Orchestra,
and the other two are sound musiclanly players,
both members of the Philharmonte Society
80 the material is remarkably good, The
first quartet essayed last niglit was the great
one in F minor of Beethoven, opus 95, 1t was,
as might have heen expected, played rather
roughly, espectally the opening movement
The larghetto went very much better. It
was in Dvorak’s characteristic quartet tn bk
flat, however, that the new organization gave
hopes for good things in the future, Here there
were beautiful tone blending, tone quality,
delicacy, vivacity and marked emotionality,
secure a sensitive adjustinent of timbre
continual practice.
the Bendix Quartet
was amazingly well balanced; often rough
in rapid tempo, Mr Bendix was not in the
pleture at the beginning of the Beethoven
Afterward his playing was as {talwavye is--Lril-
liant, flery, full of power and intelligence.
These four men will undoubtedly make a atrong

ing bantling
tet and it

To 8
takes many
In slow movements

months of

combination. Time alone will demonstrate
their excellencies as quartet Players; and
time they mean to give to the practice of this
mostiovableofarta, They should feel gratified
and encouraged by their work aud Its reception
last evening.

Mr. Bruno Osear K'ein, one of the best-known
and liked of forelam-born composers resident
in this city, introduced a new suite in F for
‘cello. Itisin fourmovemente, is melodious, ex-
tremely well written and full of Joyful things
for the solo instrument—the plano furnishes a
very modest yet adequate background The
larghetto {s a strong piece of writing and the
menuetto exhibits Mr. Klein's charm of melodio
and harmonic style to a superlative degree.
The work was mivost arlisileally played by Leo
Schula, with the composer at the plano and was
acclaimed by a very music. audience.

 

 

COULDN'T ESCAPE MISS STRINGER.

Pursved Brower to the Yacht and Insisted That
ase Marry Her.

Preerorr, I. 1, Nov. 22. Herbert Brower,
a young man of Woodmere, was arrested yes-
terday upon complaint of Misa Annie Stringer.
Mr. Brower was preparing to go duck shooting
na yacht. All his plaas were made and he
was ready to start when Miss Stringer boarded
the yacht in Woodcleft Channel and demanded
that Brower marry her. rower refused and
Mias Stringer declined to leave the yacht.
Wallace bad been informed of

of Wood-
inwer boarded

Justice A. B,
the case and he wasin= the vicinity
cleft Channel when Mise St
He rowed out to the yacht and offered
the marriage ceremony, but Brower
boat was

the

 

yacht
toe perfort
refiised the offer, The
and the carty landed and had a conference
No satisfactory understanding could
eourt

be ar-

rived at, 60 the party went to where a

complaint. was made against Brower He

was held for exanination by Jud Hawkins |

His brother furnished bonds and

in $500 bail
Miss Stringer is 17

Brower was released
years old,

 

Divorce Will Be Granted Fire Captain.

his mezzo |
| husband hed a email

born Ita ,

anchored |

A jury in the Supreme Court in Brooklyn |

found yesterday that Mrs. Annie Amelia hikel
was guilty of the
her by her hi nd, Capt
of Rnwine Company 1%,
divorce, naming James

Court

  
 

Charles hukel
who sued her for an
Fr. Miler

absolute
Justice

as coreapondent
Chase will grant
papers are drawn up

Supreme

  

New Publications,

 

 

   

BARBOUR, author of

Relyea, 12mo, cloth, $1.50.
The success of Mr, Barbour's titld footbal

 

inthe them, bitalisothea

feymypathy befti ng the subject

 

vigora
cross country rt
footd li and other sports

lhe are placed before the re

telling.

12mo, illustrated, cloth, $1.50.

“A sUrring, bealthy Boys book.”

Ry JAMES |.

peaking world. The auth
Most sympatactic frends of childhood

net.

all the applause he won yesterday

hopny in the Schubert and Schumann sone
also jn Maesenet's pretty air, bor one thing
he most be praised his enunelation is clarity
itself “Am Meer,” “Ich Grotle e *p
Rosen Lieder,” were very well done, and with
an understandalle German accent The more |
popular group of soves calls for no particular
rention: they ere within the comprehension
of the mediocre musical But it wes eratitying
to hear this barytone eing Schubert and Sele
mann with some subtlety, and with n isica! ine

‘| tellurence, When Mr Clark ceases forcing

hia organ and producing a herd, “#ummy”
tone, ite nataral richness and reverberating
|

i

|

fonnd to be especially atarted ww se:

a

charges preferred against |

the decree as soon as the,
| alleged theft

D. Appleton & Co.’s New Books.
For the Honor of the School.

A Story of School Life and Interscholastic Sport, by RALPH HENRY
“The Half-Back."'

 

 

thors power in writing a story of boys’ sport ana life with the freshness,
His new Story sketches the jong drawn struggle of @&
n aod the tralning and the exelting compelilions In track albleties, with glimpses of
‘The hero isan a@iirte, butalso a
der in their true values
Also © Widiy pletured, and (he warlety of the book Isanother evidence of Mr, Barbour's aki in sicty-

“‘A great football story.”

The Half-Back.

A Story of School, Football and Golf.

‘A good. manip book for boys ona good, manly Anglo-Saxon game"—N.Y. Matl and Express.
Paliadeiphia Call

Dickens as an Educator.

 

HUGHES, Inspector of Schools,
Froebel’s Educational Series, eta. A new volume in the International
Educational Series, edited by Dr. W. T. Harris,

The author shows that Dickens was the greatn
raise’ brings inio eonnected

Outlines of Social Economics.

SNe
By GEORGE GUNTON and HAYES ROBBINS. 12mo, eloth. 75 cents

This volume, FID its practical method of arrangement and Clear and simple treatment, will be
ools, and also to study clubs, literary and debating societies in

addition to Its Interestand weiue for the general reader.

D. APPLETON & COMPANY, Publishers,

NEW YORK.

} wil

| Rew Publications.

oor

~
haeee toe

LOST APPLE MARY'S WILL. |

-_-

WIDOW OF LEVI P. MORTON, BAITORMAN, |
AUR VANIAH ED IN 18o0

Wee Then *0 Mer Famtiy Perished When
the Weng (iar Wee Harned Pennice
Pald Mer far Apples Mave Keen Drewing
Interest Ten Years A 690,000 Fetaice

The will of Mare Morton, widow of a era
faring man named Levit Po Morton, waa filed
for probate veaterday with clreumetantial es
dence of her death Khe dieappeared in teen
Ht 8? veare oid and no ttace
of her has «ince heen obtained The will wae
fled in behalf of Mea Celta Foaket, wife of
Harry Fe of 400 Humboldt atreet, Brook-
the acle legates = It le supposed Mra. Mor-
ton left about $20,000 :

Her matden name wae Kiernan, and her
grocery store In Bouth
atreet many years ago It is supposed that he
and their two daughtera were loat on July %,
the burning of the steamer Henry
Clay opposite Forest Point, below Yonkers,
and that she left no relatives After giving
up the grocery she sold apples about the lower
part of the city and waa variously known to
the children a8 “Apple Mary” and “One Shoe
Marvy" She wae ecoentric and she was the
butt of the fun of the boys while she took in
their pennies and kept depositing them in
savings banks She wae born in 1403 and in
Isié roarried Levi Ph Merton. The will, which
she signed “Mrs. Levi Bo Morton,” reads

‘LT Mr Levi Po Morton, otherwise known
hye my maiden name, which was Miss Mary
Kiernan, at present residing with my friend
Mre Dunn of No. a1 Willett «treet, New York
ciy, (nh the county and State of New York
IL nited States of America, being of sound and
disposing und and Laving in view the un-
cert v of this frail and transttory life, do
therefore make and ordain this to be my last
tid testament:

t, | @ive, devise and bequeath to my

lncere friend's daughter, Miss Celia Haffner

of No. 226 Lorimer «treet, Brooklyn, N. Y,

all my estate and @ «, real and personal,

that I may die possessed or entitled to
second, ] appotot any sincere friend, Arthur

when ahe wae alu

eke

1852, by

 

  
 

  
 

| MoCaffray, Sr., of No. 68 Remsen street, Brook-

Ivn, N.Y, executor of this my last will, and
hereby revoke all other wills.”

Tie will was executed Deo 8 1887. The
beneficlary has since married, The witnesses
were Philip Haffner, father of the beneficiary,
and his sen, Jacob d. Hatfner The elder Haff-
ner kept the will until his death in January,
1895, and then Mrs. Fosket obtained it ;

Affidavita were presented stating that Mrs.

| Morton left the residence of Mrs. Dunn fn 1890

to visit Mrs. O'Hare in Rome, N. Y., but ahe

| did not reach that place so far aa can be learned

She had several savings bank accounts and no
money has been drawn frou: them or deposited
inthem forten years,

 

MRS. PECK.

A Decree Which Nullifies the Divorce Procered
by Her Husband tn North Dakota.

Nyack, Nov, 22.—Joln Peck, a wealthy
resident of Haverstraw, {9 in a peculiar pre-
dicament, Yesterday an absolute divorce
was granted his wife, Elizabeth P. Peck, and
allmony of $1,000 a year as long as she lives.
Peck is living with another woman, whom
he married after he had secured a divorce
from his first wife in the courts of North Da-
kota,

Some three years ago Mrs. Peck eued Mrs,
Caroline G. Scott, a wealthy widow and the
owner of valuable briekyard property in Haye
eratraw. for $25,000 for the alienation of ner

husband's affections. The case never came
to trial, Mrs, Scott settling it with the plain.
tiff for $5.00. Mr. Peck, desiring to be free
from his wifa, went to North Dakota, where

DIVORCE GRANTFD

he resided for a year and procured a
divorce He_ then returned East and a
short. time afterward married Mra, Scott

Mra Peck, taking the ground that the Dakota
divorce was illegal, brought enit for divorce
from her husband, claiming alimony for her
support, The ernanting of the divoree, with
an award of 81.900 a year for her aupport
nullifies the North Dakota divorce procure
by Mr. Peck.

JUDGE ANGRY AT WOMAN'S ARREST.

 

 

She Pawned an Unpaid-for Piano to Sue for
Alimony --Has Since Been in Jatt.

Mra Jeannette Russell of 308 Amsterdam are
nue was taken before Judge Cowing {fn the
General Sessions yesterday on a charge of
grand larceny In having pawned a piano which
ehe waa buying on the installirent plan from
Jacobs Brothers of 741 Fig)th avenue She
pleaded that she had been deserted by her
husband and needed money to get a divorce
and alimony from him. She had intended
to get the piano ont of pawn as soon as possible
and would have paid for ft eventually, she
eaid

‘The woman's case had been brought to the at-
tention of the Judee by Mrs stet, the Tombs
“angel '' Sirs Russell fainted in court and
Judge Cowing was visibly affected He de

ee 4 errygd erg
im) beebe

New Publications.

‘| New Pudlications.

a

Rew Publications,

THE SWORD OF

Handsome

14 REMARKABLE BOOK, THE

 

 

fiction.”

duce

New York Times.

Ocean.

torical twist, here

Journal,

New York Times.

—Atlanta Constitution.

Cloth Binding, 350 pages.

 

———

WORK OF A GREAT ARTIST.”

“Mr. Barrie has written one of the most masterly and thought-provoking

books of his generation.

His psychology is superb, his style is not sur-

passed by anything offered in the English language these many years.”—

The Interior.

 

“Mr. Barrie has added to the slender gallery of real charac-
ters two that the world will not easily forget."’—Literature.

 

OF TOMMY.

“Tommy is simply the most vital
creature in modern fiction.”—The
Interior.

“The study of Thomas Sandys

nounced the practice of using tue criminal | as @ type of the actor-sentimentalist

courts in such Cust
“This court {a being misneed,” he eaid, “he
ereditora who strip every asset from debtors
and then try to get even for the unpaid bal-
ance by having th debtor cast into prison”
Another similar rant is at the 7

      

case is disposed of, but it may not be
now. She Was sent back to prison for the
present

HEIR TO A FORTUNE HELD FOR THFFT.

Accused of Stealing Tubing Worth a Few Cents
When He Didn't Get Pocket Money.

Fifteen-vear-old William J. Perry, whose home
ie in Housten, Tex, was held by Magistrate
Hogan in the Harlem polices court yesterday
for trial on the « f stealing a piece of
braes tubing worth afew cents from 2120 Fighth
Phe bov is heir to $21,000 left by hia
father and wil receive it when he is 2!
He fas been attend.ng St. John's College in
Fordham, byt left there Ave months ago agatr st
the wishes of his guardian, Mrs. Elizabeth bMig-
gins of 2122 kighih avenue She had, refused
to give him pocket money just before the

 

harge «

avenine.

 

 

     

Illustrated by C. M.

    
    

story, “The Half Back.” showed not only Interest

 
 
     
   

yhases of “chool

scholar, and the larger
school life are

The fun and varied tneidents o

      
      

’

 
    

By RALPH HENRY BARBOUR

     
      
    

Toronto, author of

   
   
   

12mo, cloth, $1.50.

tle of the ‘new education’ to the Engli*b-
form the educational prinelples of one of tbe

           
       
       
    
 

nhs |
to be served on the worman when the present |
erved |

is as elaborately worked out, and
almost as full of wit and human
knowledge, as Mr. Meredith’s study
of an egoist in the person of Sir
Willoughby Patterne.”—The Stand-
| ard (London).

| “It is in the evolution of Tommy
that Mr. Barrie has surpassed him-
‘self. So searching, sympathetic, and
| just an analysis of the ‘artistic tem-
|‘ perament’ has seldom been made.”
—The Living Age.

 

| OF GRIZEL.

| “For spiritual beauty there is
| Grizel, as true and lovable a woman
| as novelist ever created, . . «
| Grizel’s saga is not to be read with-
| out tears.’—The 7Jimes (London).

| “Grizel is a heroine who will live.

jee 8 In the whole range of prose
| fiction we know of few characters
| more finely conceived or truly living
! than hers.’—The Standard (London).

“Grizel is one of the most ‘woman-
| ly? women in fiction.”— Literature.
| “The character of Grizel is cer-
| tainly the high-water mark of Mr.
Barrie’s achievement until now.”—
The Standard (London).

 

 

“It is not hard to believe
and a flesh-and-blood Grizel.”—

 

{ Ralaries for Officers of a Union.

The Order of Hailway Telegraphers an-
| nounced yesterday that it has fixed the salary
| of its President at $3,000 a year. The salaries
lof the first, second and third Viee-Presidents
have been fixed at $1,500, $1,200 and $1,200 re-
| respectively.
nnd

. Business Flotices,

me I

 

Mrs. Winstow's Soothing Svrup for children

| teething, softens the gums, reduces Inflammation,
allays pain, cures wind coile, dar bora, Zhe a botie,
ES

maRRHRiIDYP.

FREEWAN-WEHRHANE.—On Thursday, Nov,
2°, 1900, at the residence of the bride's parents,
87 West 784 st., New York. by the Rev. Henry
Everston Cobb, Thomas Melhendree Freeman of
Brooklyn to Flora Louise, daughter of Mr, and
Mra Charles Webrhane,

GIBSON-WILSON,—On Monday, Nov. 19, 1900,
at St. James's Church, Pitladelphia, br
the Rev. Elwood Worcester, D. D , Joho Trevor
Gibson of New York city to Mary Hasell, Caughter
of Joseph M. Wilson of Philadelphia

PIERREPONT—-REED.-On Thursday, Nov. 22,
1900 at Grace Church, Brooklyn Heights, by
the Right Reverend the Bishop of Connecticut,
assisted by the Rev, Frederick Burgess, Robert
Low Plerrepont to Kathryn Isabel Reed, daughter
of the late Josiah Reed of Weymouth, Mass.

 

DIBDwD.

CARUSLE.—On Tuesday, Nov 20, 1900, Jose-
phine White, wife of Hugb Carlinie, aged 69
years,

Funeral service at her late residence, 119 Cottage
av.. Mount Vernon, N. Y., on Friday, Nov. 28,
1000,at 2 P.M. Train, New Maven ratiroad,
leaves 424 st, New York, at 1:94 P.M; returning
P3s7PM

| KING.—-New YORK HISTORICAL SocieTy—At a
special meeting of the Laecutive Committer of
the New York Historical Seciety, held Thursday,
Nov. 22, the following resolutions were adopted:

Rescived, That the Executive Committee bas re
sired With profound eensitiiity the annownee-

TOMMY AND CRIZEL

| CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS,

that there was an actual Tommy
Boston Herald.

  

Publishers. Price $1.50.

   

Presidentpt the society

Resolved, That this committee will attend the
funeral services at St Thomas's Church, 8th ar,
and 534 st, on Saturday, Now. 24, 1800, at 0:30

the soctety to Join inthis tribute of respect,
Resoived, ‘i bat the buliding of the society be elosed
Saturday, Nov 24.

MORRISON.- Suddenly, at Mount Vernon, WN. Y.,
on Wednesday, Nov, 21, 1800, Jane, beloved wife
of James Morrison, in ber 74th year

Puneral from her late residence, 308 South 6tb
ave, on Saturday, Nov, 24, 1900, at 2 o'clock.
Please omit flowers

RORBINSON,— At Newtown, LL, on Thursday, Nov.
22, 1900, Mary, wife of Wililam Robinson, aged
68 years
Puneral from her late residence, Qook av..on Sun-
day, Nov, 25, 1000.at 32 P. M. Interment at
Cedar Grove Cemetery.

SCHUYLER.-—At Orange, N. J., at Grace Church
reotory, On Thursday, Nov, 22,1900, Anthony
Schuyler, D. D., in the 84th year of bis age.

Puneral services at Grace Church, on Saturday,
Nov 24,1099, atSo'clock P.M. The reverend
Clergy of the diocese of Newark are respectfully
Invited to attend wiih vestments

SHEDD.- Suddenty, on Thursday, Nov. 22, 1900, of
peritonitis, Raymond Husted, son of John M and
Carrie Husted Shedd. aged 2 years and 4 days

Friends of the parents are invited to attend the
funeral services at No. 148 Fast 38th st, on Sat
urday, Nov. 24, 1990, at 10 o'clook A.M Inter-
ment atcoaventence of famliy. Please send no
flowers

SMITH. -Suddeniy on Thursday morning. Nov. 22,
}90Q at bis residence, 43 Lafayette place, J. Con.
nor Smith, inthe 76tb year of bis age.

Funeral atGrace Church, Broadway and 10th st,
on Monday, Nov. 26, 1900, atiuA M

ESS eee

Special Potices.

ROFRUCK'S WEATHER STRIPS are war.
ranted to exclude theeold when applied to doors and
windows. Call on or telephone Hoebuck, 172 Fulton
hastablished 1&7

7 = New Publications.

| PARAL AEA

 

 

mRO FACH—Spencer's “Fé eatlon “let Prin-
TS einen ets of Fihies PRATT, 161 61b av.

 

MY AND GRIZEL|

|

 

ment of the death of the Ion. John Alsop King, |

A.M. and respectfully request the members of |

|

 

 

 

THE KING

By RONALD MACDONALD

HE CRITIC predicted when this book was published that it “is quite
capable of carving for itself a comfortable position in the world of

The position is rapidly being attained.

The book is a romance of the Seventeenth Century, the scene laid in Eng-
land at the time of James II.
escapes, and is written in the charming old-fashioned style of the time.

The heroine masquerades as a trooper, and saves her future king by the
prompt use of her sword. A dramatization of the book will soon be pro- |
on the stage.

It teems with adventure and hairbreadth

WHAT IS SAID OF IT. i

  
 
 
 
   
  
   
    
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

“All women must feel grateful for such a por-
trayal of gracious womanhood.” —£. 2. in The

“This young author shows that he has inherited
much of the art of story-telling which made
the novels of his father (George Macdonald)
so popular twenty years ago.”—Chieago Inter=

“For those who like a romantic novel with an his-
is a treat.’’—New

“4 brave, loyal lass, who through most stirring
adventures preserves a maidenly dignity,”—

“Full of exciting incident and thrilling adventure.”

Price $1.50. Sold Everywhere. Published by

THE CENTURY CO.

 

“A Year of Romance”
THE CENTURY

P. ANSTEY,

Author of “Vice Ver-a,” ete.
MRS. BURNETT,
Author of “That Lass o' Lowrie's, ' eto.
GEO. W. CABLE,
Author of “Old Creole Days,” etc.
WINSTON CHURCHILL,

Author of “Richard Carvel,’ ew.
EDWIN ASA DIX,

Author of “Deacon Bradbury.”

“The heroine’s adventures are many and stirring.”
—New York Mail and Express.

“It teems with adventure and hairbreadth escapes,
in all of which the leading part is borne by the
heroine.’—St, Paul Dispatch. !

“Novelty of plot and peculiar charm of language,”
—Boston Herald.

“Highly dramatic, . .» clean, healthy, well con-
ceived and strongly told.”"—Chicago Interior.

“Vigorously conceived and worked out with mas-
terly skill.’"—Boston Morning Star.

“A decidedly lively tale, . . told in a sprightly
=_— by the heroine herself."—The Living }
g¢. :

York

Tits

|

a Se

=

   

FOR THE READERS OF

    

MAGAZINE.

   
  
 
 
 
 
    
  

[* no other form can such a superb collection of stories by the leading writers of
the day be secured at such a low price
with November, The Century will print

During the coming year, beginning

<=

NOVELS AND STORIES BY

RUDYARD KIPLING,
Aathor of "The Jungle Books,” ete

IAN MACLAREN,

Author of “Be ide the Bonnie Brier
Bush," ete

S. WEIR MITCHELL,
Author of “Hugh Wynne,” eta
THOMAS NELSON PAGB,

Author of ‘“Marse Chan," ete.

BERTHA RUNKLE,

Avithor of “The Helmet of Navarre.”

HAMLIN GARLAND,

Author of “Main Traveled Roads,’ eto

DAVID GRAY,

Autbor of “Gallops,"’ eto.

JOEL CHANDLER HARRIS,

Author of “Nights with Uncie Remus,” eto.

BRET HARTE,

Author of “The Luck of Roaring Camp,” eto

FLORA ANNIE STEEL,
Author of
FRANK R. STOCKTON,

Author of “Rudder Grange," ete

RUTH McENERY STUART,

Autuor of “Sunny

‘On the Face of the Waters,” eta.

‘elo

GEN. LEW WALLACE,

Author of “Ben Hur," ete.

W. D. HOWELLS,

Author of "The Rise of Silas Lapham,’ eto.

HENRY JAMES,

Author of ‘Daisy Miller," eto.

SARAH ORNE JEWETT,

Author of “The Coynter of the Pointed

E. STUART PHELPS WARD,

Author of “Gates Ajar,”' ete,

CHARLES DUDLEY WARNER,

Author of “Back-Log Studies,"

MARY E. WILKINS,

ete,

ira,”’ ele. ; Author of “A Humble Romance,” eta.
THE NOVEMBER CENTURY
is the first of several very beautiful issues printed in colors. It begins a new ne and

opens a year in which fiction by the best story-writers will have a leading place.

‘Her Mountain Lover,” by Hamlin Garlapd,
—a breezy story of a Colorado ranchman in
England,—begins in this number, in which there
are also tive complete stories.

And there is much besides fiction,—the boy-
hood and manhood of Daniel Webster are in-
terestingly described by John Bach McMaster,
Bronson Howard writes of ‘Our Schools for the
Stage,” Julian Ralph describes “A Yankee Cor-
respondent in South Africa,” the director of the
New York Zoological Park writes of the Park,
Bishop Potter discusses “The Problem of the
Philippines,” etc., etc.

THE CENTURY CO., Union Square, New York.

Buy a November number
on any news-siand; it you
ike the magazine you can
subscribe for a year begin-

ning with January, 1901,
and have December free.
Just call attention to this
offer when subscribing.

 

 

 

7 rt Sales and Exhibitions, .
JAMES P. SILO, Auctioneer ‘Madison School,

Coileges and Schools,

For Boys & loung Men-—City & Couatrs
MONT VALE,

yew Perse

 

 

 

  

 

OLD STAND, 48 LIBERTY STREET, } on N. J. & NY ROR (branchof rie. 24 miles out
will eell Number of boarders titmited to 2). Age, [row io years
| eres, By 7] tutoring pits the tvantages of
, , ec he aS one . Pr tory ¢t
THIS DAY (FRIDAY) AT 4 P, M., Columbia led eclence - Pht dcal Coltare,

SEVERAL IMPORTANT COLLECTIONS OF

High Class Oil Paintings

By Noted American,
Belgian Artists.

 

 

~— Golteges and Schools.

PLL LLL ITE eS

 
 
 

   
 

Horsemanship (every p
feid workk Bacilittes, yyaand
etple Crouuds Leaullu tuated. New building
4. vou TAURE. trineemat
N. Y. Preparatory School.
1S West 634 St., New York Sh Joralen st
Rrookiga. Classesor private work lay or evening
Beth sexes. Students ’
school in the United States ¢
Asa ©). Gallup, WA,
Fmil kL. Camerer, LI. 1, Civ

SACREO HEART ACADEMY.

hishorser, Pencing ant

rato tes, Works

French and

  

wr aby colege of
« REGENTS,
ra I) reetors.

 

Schools of Elocution & Dramatic Art. Select Catholle  Poarding thorough
academic and commercial e 1 Ub
surpassed; military drill. terms moderate Address

Brother ALGUST, West Chester \. 4

amen
Students prepared forthe Siagein siz | EAGAN

81 Fifth av.
montha Frening Classes.

Adeline Stanhope-Wheatoroft, ire cto™

vA

Husiness Colleges.

SCHOOL OF
SHORTHAND,

Student Matiness

-_—- + - Temple Court, Weekman and Sass New Yor
Schools of Langeages. } —— livid time;

| Kissick’s business Institute,

  

808 Spr sti -—-? a po" ”
"" “ e
A sa” | 4d-40 Ashiand Pl, Brooks A thorough, pre
¥ teal business education. modera me hoda do...
——VELASCO SC

ene

keeping, Stenography and Typewriling, 6:0 © e620
Bean

-
Fe) ov. B'alw. Pet term Bogiish Classics, Liiguer Maine

ee