“VOL, LXXIV.—NO, 223.

. N EW

  

FORAKER OPENS HIS FIGHT, |°": ”

SERVES NOTICE THAT HE CAN'T
BE SILENCED

And That I¢ Isn't Proper for a President
to Try to Dictate Who His Successor
shall Be—Defends His Course in Some-
times Opposing the President's Wishes.

Canton, Ohio, April 10.—When Senator
Foraker faced his audience at the Canton
Roard of Trade banquet to-night it was
plain thet not near all his hearers were
friendly to him.

When he closed he had the crowd with
him.

The cheering began and a real display
ef warmth was apparent when he was-
discussing the President’s dismiasal of the
negro soldiers and his own efforts to get
for those soldiers a hearing of their case.

When the Senator sat down an effort of a
few of the banqueters to start a Roosevelt
demonstration failed utterly. A call for
three cheers for Roosevelt brought forth
only a few reaponses.

Senator Foraker in opening threw down

» gauntlet to the Taft faction in Ohio
polities and declared his contempt for any
effort of the President or any one else to
mark a deadline beyond which he should
not go in the discussion of public questions.

He stood on his reoord in Congress and
declared that it was unprecedented for
a President of the United States to engage
in a contest to name his successor, and
particularly for the President in such an
effort to undertake by any threat to silenoe
discussion or criticism of his acts and

policies

 

—————L ene

 

ND GAMELING,

He Will Deal With Any Public Officer Who
Falls to Enforce the Law.

ALBANY, N. Y., April 10.— Despite Gov.
Hughes's repeated statement of what he
| would do in regard to gambling, agitators
are determined that they will ignore the
local authorities and put it up to the Gov-
ernor to stop gambling, particularly in
Albany. For a time after the first of the
year the local gambling resorts closed,
but. when the excitement was over they
opened up again. Then something else
happened and they closed again. Then
they opened. Last week they were partly
closed for a while, but were in full swing
this week.

The Rev. A. S. Gregg, field secretary of
the National Reform Bureau, and a local
minister, the Rev. A. C. Youmans, visited
the gambling resorts of Albany, and Mr.
Gregg was staked by the Rev. Mr. You-
mans to play the wheel. They prepared
affidavits and wanted to submit them to
the Governor, but instead of seeing the
Governor they called on his secretary, who
informed them of what Gov. Hughes had
saidon Marché, At that time the Governor
told everybody who had complaints to

GOV. HUGHES

be first referred to the local authorities,
and if the local authorities did not act, then
he would avail himself of his constitutional
prerogatives. The ministers say that they
haven't complained to the local authorities
because they know it is useless. To-night
the Governor madg this statement:

“If any one wishes to present affidavits
to me I stand ready to receive them at
any hour of the day. If affidavits are
presented they will receive due considera-
tion. My attitude is perfectly clear in this
matter. If anybody has any special evi-
dence which they desire to present to the

may do so and I will send the affidavits
to the proper local officer in charge of en-
| forcement of the laws. If any citizens

here were more than 400 at the banquet | bring to my attention a failure of public
les and a fair crowd heard the speeches | Officers to enforce the laws or if such public

from the gallery.

Senator Foraker’s Speech.
senator Foraker’s speech in full follows:
UENTLEMEN:. First let me thank those |
having this occasion in charge for the in- |
vitation that has brought me here.
\t is always # pleasure to visit your city.
It is growing so rapidly and is in every way
+o prosperous that it is in the highest sense
of the word typical of all that is best in

|

Ceo

You are distinguished in other respects.
Your city is familiar to all the world as
the home and last resting place of William
McKinley. His memory is cherished by
every man in the land. As the years pass
we appreciate more and more keenly Kis
eentle, modest, unassuming, courteous
manners, and his steadfast and loyal de-

‘tion to the great principles of Republi-
‘anism as represented by Lincoln and
Riaine and Sherman, and all the other great |
eaders of our heroic days.

[| congratulate you that you are still
‘epresented in the public service by se
iistinguished and so beloved a son as Mr.
tustice Day. He adorns the bench of the
greatest judicial tribunal in the world.
You may justly be proud of him.

I do not know the details of your in-
‘ustrial growth and development, nor do
! know, except in a general way, what
your plans are for the future, but inapired
oy what you have accomplished and what
you are to-day, I know there is ahead of
vou greater successes than any you have
vet achieved.

My invitation for this evening generously
gave me permission to select my own sub-
ect.

In the exercise of this privilege I deem
t my duty to first address myself to some
matters that may seem somewhat personal.

BLAP AT BOOSBVELT.

In a Washington despatch published
n the Cincinnati Times-Star I find the fol-
lowing

“President Roosevelt has drawn a ‘dead
ine’ for Senator Foraker. ‘Thus far, but no
farther,” is the warning. It applies Yo the
Senator's forthcoming speeches in Ohio.
{ft he goes beyond the line drawn, if he attacks
President Roosevelt, President Roosevelt
will be heard from in no uncertain tones.”

“The wicked flee when no man pur-
sueth.” I have not forecast the character
of any speeches I am intending to make,
and {f I had it would seem incredible to the
average mind that such a story could be
anything more than a mischief making pipe
cream of an overambitious correspondent.

That the President of the United States
rhould become personally engaged in a
political contest to determine his successor
is without precedent, unless it be the bad
precedent set by Andrew Jackson as to
Martin Van Buren.

That he would enter upon such a strugg)e
“ith a declaration that he is to set limita-

ons upon the freedom of speech of those
vho may differ from him, and that they
are to those limitations at their
peril, is without precedent even in the case
of Jackson, and is so inconsistent with the
dignity of his high office and the proprieties
always to be observed, that I feel it a duty
‘oward the President himself to enter for
tim, on my own motion, a disclaimer of ail
responsibility for such a publication.

The time has not yet come, and nobody

nows that better than the President him-
“dead lines” can be drawn in

te for anybody to observe; nor has

° ume come when any real man would

spect them if they were drawn.

So far as I am personally concerned, |
shall always speak with malice toward
one, but according to my convictions
~henever and wherever I may have ooca-
£10n to speak at all.

OT AT WAR WITH PRESIDENT’S POLICIES.

another—a sort of companion
From the Scripps-McRae papers I

* the following:
The President to his friends has named as
bers of the combination to do him up
' bis attitude toward Wall Street B. H.
irriman, J. B. Foraker and John D. Rocke-

er”

solf when

Here's

'n view of this publication I trust I may
‘hont impropriety say that until it was |
en out at Washington a few days ago I
ever heard tell of any combination, or
st, or conspiracy to oppose the President
enything; much less did I ever hear of the
alled five million dollar conspiracy of
*h we have heard so much during the
| week

trust I may be pardoned for going fur-
: and saying I never saw John D. Rocke-
but once in my life, and that was
“enty years ago or more while I was Gov-

sor of Ohio.
_| then had the pleasureof meeting him in
(a a a

t.:.m Continued on Fourth Page.

€

  
   

-

officer fails to perform his duty properly
I will deal with him. I think that is per-
fectly well understood.”

As a result of the continued agitation
against gambling the poolrooms are operat-
ing differently than before, no tickets being
issued and the entries being kept off the
blackboards. The poolroom proprietors
say they are ready to fight in court against
closing, having an injunction restraining
the Sheriff from interfering with them.
This injunction was granted severa] years
ago, when the authorities didn’t want to
close the rooms but were compelled to
move by a lawyer.

PARIS FACES FOOD STRIKE,

little Fear of a Shortage of Fresh Bread
To-day —Precautions Against Riet.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, April 11.—At 9 o'clock this morning
the strike ordered by the Provision Workers’
Union is due. According to the union's
secretary, M. Bousquet, it is to deprive the
city of bread except that baked by the
men's cooperative bakeries. Meat and
groceries also will be unobtainable. The
hotels and restaurants should be incapaci-
tated, as their employees are to quit work.

However, as a similar threat has been
made annually since 1903 Paris refuses
to be frightened, and in contrast with the
trouble last year there has been little lay-
ing in of food supplies. The results of a
similar strike which began on Tuesday at
Marseilles also encourage the Parisians
in their belief that they will get their usual
supply of bread.

Of 630 military bakers placed at the
Mayor's disposal, the master-bakers have
requisitioned only 180. There are 2,200
master bakers in Paris and some 6,000
journeymen. How many belong to the
union is unknown. The secretary of the
master bakers says 250. Another estimate
places the number at 3,000.

Although there is no rea! anxiety re-
garding a food famine, it is felt that it is
always possible that the unemployed and
the Apaches will seize the opportunity to
make a demonstration. Acoordingly the
precautions that were taken on May Day |
last year have been again adopted.

Strong bodies of Republican guards, on
foot and horseback, will be placed wherever
manifestanta can concentrate. The soldiers
will be confined to their barracks in readi-
ness for any call. Some squares have been

Governor as to a violation of the law they |

 

 

make concerning gambling that they must |

 

 

 

YORK, THURSDAY.

 

SON-IN-LAW SAYS

MAN

ROOSEVELT’S
HE 18 THE ONLY

 

To Carry Forward the Roosevelt Ideas,
Policies and Great Reforms After 1008
—Nays Rooseveltism Will Be the Burn-
ing Issue in the Coming Campaign.

Crxcrynatr, April  10.—Congressman
Nicholas Longworth and wife arrived
here at about 3 o’clock this morning from
Washington.

Mr. Longworth lost little time in showing
his colors as between Secretary Taft and
Senator Foraker. The following state-
ment was iesued by him to-day as soon as
he had snatched a few hours sleep:

“Since it has been announced that Sec-
retary of War William H. Taft has become
a candidate it seems to me that the sole
question involved is whether or not the
Republicans of Ohio will indorse him for
the Presidency. Secretary Taft being a
candidate for President and for no other
office I cannot see how any other offices
are here involved.”

Personally, and speaking only for myself,
I am for Taft for President. The great
question before the people in the next
Presidential election will be, in my opinion,
the approval or disapproval of Republican

| policies as registered by the legislative and

executive branches of this Government for
the last eight years under the adminis-
tration of President Roosevelt.

“It seems to me that after the President
himself there is no ving man who so
thoroughly typifies, in the eyes of the
people, the spirit of the Roosevelt adminis-
tration as does William H. Taft.

“There is no one who can be better trusted
to carry out many of the great reforms
which will be necessarily incomplete upon
the retirement of President Roosevelt on
Maroh 4, 1909, than can William H. Taft.

“His whole life since he became of age
has been devoted to the public service. His
record has been without a epeck, his charac-
ter without a flaw, his abilities as a jurist
and as an administrative officer have been
so distinguished as to have already placed
him in the ranks of the very great men
in the history of this country.

“Ohio more than any other State is known
as the mother of Presidents. I believe
that the time is at hand when she may be-
come the mother of another President, for
I firmly believe that if the Republicans of
Ohio stand by William H. Taft he can be
nominated and elected.”

When Mr. Longworth was informed that
despite the President's statements that he
will under no circumstances be a candidate
for a third term there are still some who
express the opinion that the President may
change his mind, he said:

“I feel I can add nothing to what the
President has said on that subject. That
should be sufficient.”

SAYS ONLY ROOSEVELT WILL bo,

Senator La Follette Declares for a Third
Term and Vindication.

Hevena, Mon., April 10.—Senator La Fol-
lette, who is here lecturing, to-day said:

“If the railroads purpose to encompass
the retirement of Theodore Roosevelt they
are going atitin a manner that will not auc-
ceed. In other words, they will force him to
accept a third term. He will renounce his
former declarations and make the race for
vindication.

“ And, besides, he should run again on gen-
eral principles, anyway. It will not, inreality,
be a third term, for the first three years he
served as our Chief Magistrate he essayed
and did carry out the policies of the lamented
MoKinley. It has been only during the
present term that he has promulgated and is
carrying out his own ideas and plans. AsI
said before, he is in the right, absolutely in
the right, from my viewpoint.

“The President is entitled to another term,
| and. what is more, the people are entitled
‘= Roosevelt. He must again be a candi-
date, and his nomination is the equivalent
of an election. The needed reforms he
has inaugurated must be carried out and
heia the one manto doit. Yes, sir, we must

cleared of loose stones and everything else | have Roosevelt again; no one else will fill |
the bill.”

that could be used as missiles.

TO PROSECUTE HARRIMAN LINES.

Violations of the Anti-Trost Act and the
Rate Law Are Alleged.
WASHINGTON, April 10.—It was announced
at the office of the Interstate Commerce
Commission to-day that the record in the
Harriman case upon which the Attorney-
General ia expected to base proceedings
against the Harriman lines for alleged
violations of the Sherman anti-trust act
will be forwarded to the Department of
Justice as soon as possible without regard
to the outcome of the suit to be filed in the
United States Circuit Court in New York
praying for an order requiring the magnate
to answer questions concerning manipu-
lations of stock of railroads with which
he is identified. The indications are that
the commission will forward to the Attorney-
General by May 1 evidence which Govern-
ment officials believe tends to show that the
Harriman lines constitute a combination
in restraint of trade within the meaning
| of the provisions of the anti-trust act.
It was stated on authority to-day that
the commission may cause to be brought
inst Harriman and hia railroads an ac-
tion involving alegee violation of section
5 of the rate act hat section provides:
That it shall be unlawful for any common
earrier to enter into any contract, agreement
or combination with any other common car-
rier or carriers for the pooling of freights of
different and competing railroads, or to divide
between them the aggregate or net proceeds
of the earnings of such railroads or any
portion thereof; and in any case of an agree-
ment for the pooling of freights as aforesaid
each day of its continuance shall be deemed
a separate offence
Testimony was adduced by the commis-
sion at hearings conducted on the Pacific
Coast showing that the Southern Pacific,
a Harriman road, and the San Pedro and
Los Angeles, which was built by former
er William A. Clark of Montana,
perated under pools in violation of law.
pe offences are ——_, by a fine of
— each day of the continuance of a
a or contract Being |
a separate offence in the language |
of rome law.

 

Rarnett’s Extract of Vanilla
in purity and strength preeminentiy supertor
—~ Ade.

 

DEWEY'S PURE GRAPE JUICE.

Absolutely free from preservatives
Dewey & Sons Cv., 188 Fulton St,, New York.

|

}

|
|

a re

POWER HOUSE AS A NUISANCE.
Interboroogh Windows Shut by a Tem.
porary Injanction
Justice MacLean of the Supreme Court
granted yesterday an order requiring the
Interborough Rapid Transit Company to
show cause on April 15 why it should not
be permanently restrained from operating
its power house in East Nineteenth street.
between Fourth avenue and Irving place,
in such a way as to be a nuisance to the
persons living in the neighborhood. Pend-
ing the return of the order Justice MacLean
also granted a termporary injunction, which
compels the company to run the plant with
as little noise as possible and keep the win-

dows shut.

James Proctor, who lives at 113 Fast
Kighteenth street, applied for the order.
He has also brought asuit for $500 damages.
Proctor saya that he and his family have
neither peace nor comfort in their home

 

| because of the noise and dirt of the power
| house and he believes that other people

}

 

in the neighborhood are similarly annoyed.

Things were not so bad, Proctor says,
while the windows and other openings in
the power house were kept closed, but in
January last they were all thrown open,
and as a result of the dirt, noise and vibra-
tion residents have moved away or refused
to pay rent. Mrs. Proctor has a studio in
their home and her pupils have drifted

| away since the power house windows were

opened.

The windows of the power house were
closed last night and the men inside were
kicking. The foreman said that it would
be impossible for the men to work in the |
place in warm weather unless the windows
were open.

 

Connecticat Now Indorses Roosevelt.
Hartrorp, April 10 —Evidently the Re-

publican leaders of the General Assembly |

got scared because the resolution introduced |
in the House yesterday indorsing President
| Roosevelt in his controversy with E. H.

Harriman was rejected, a this afternoon

another resolution indorsing the President |
with all reference to Ha
was introduced and

The

| ‘LoNGWORTH IS OUT 1S OUT FOR TAFT.

Me

APRIL.

'

| ARAPA HOE DIS SABLED,

Her Wireless C alia the Apache and Then
Tug to Bring Her In.
The Clyde liner Arapahoe, which sailed
| from Jacksonville on Sunday, touching at

    

 

 

L LEVY FLEES AS oa!

ETHE
PITTSBURGER FIRES.

Charleston the next day, dropped her pro- |

| peller in a choppy sea about 170 miles below

 

' Sandy Hook on Tuesday night and came to HeWalted Till House Was Flooded With Light

| anchor.
| wireleas and she began to feel around for
her sister ship, the Apache, bound from
| this port to Jacksonville and due in the
neighborhood. The two ships got into

communication long before they sighted

each other, and the’ Arapahoe told where

poms might be found. The exact position
| of the Arapahoe was off the upper Virginia
| coast, about sixteen miles southeast of
| Winter Quarter lightship.
| The Apache got two hawsers aboard the
Arapahoe and proceeded slowly north with
her tow. The sea became very rough as
the ships got into the zone of the storm of
| Tuesday, and at 8:30 o'clock las, night the
hawsers parted off Cape Henlopen, Dela-
ware.

Meanwhile, a De Forrest station on shore
had got word to Mr. Eggere of the line, and
at 5 o'clock last night he sent down the
ocean tug Hallenback to bring the disabled
ship to her North River pier. Capt. Rock-
well, port captain of the line, went on the
tug to superintend the job.

Mr. Eggers said last night that the Ara-
pahoe had a large number of passengers
and that the wireless had reported all hands
well. The Apache, which alao has passen-
gers bound for Charleston and Jacksonville,
will be about twenty hours late. She was
ordered to proceed as soon as arrangements
were made by wireleas to relieve her with
the ocean tug. It is probable that the
Arapahoe will not get here until late this
afternoon. She was due yesterday morn-
ing. Her commander did not tell his agents
how he came to lose the propeller

GENOAM’S LOST VAN DYCKS.

Mr. Morgan Assures Italian Minister That

He Knows Nothing of Them.

| Special Cable Despatch to Tax SUN.
Rome, April 10.—J. Pierpont Morgan
called upon Luigi Rava, Minister of Public
Instruction, yesterday to inform him that
he had nothing to do with the alleged pur-
chase of the seven Van Dyck portraits,
the property of Marquis Cattaneo della
Volta of Genoa, which disappeared several

months ago.

Mr. Morgan also made a call on Cardinal
Merry del Val, the Papal Secretary of State

DE BROGLIES HISSED IN ROME,

Furious Resentment of Prince's Attack on
Nobility —Barred From Stage.
Special Cate Despatch to THE SUN.

Rome, April 10.—The city officials have
forbidden the Prinoe and Princess de Broglie
to continue their appearance in vaudeville
here owing to a row at Margherita Hall
last night, when they were vigorously
hissed and the Princess's voice was drowned
by whistles and other noise making instru-
ments.

The couple have been freely criticised
by the press ever since they appeared here,
but no hostility was shown toward them
until the Prince, in a newspaper interview,
scored the local aristocracy for their ill
breeding. He said that contact with them
had further leasened his regret at having
retired from the ranks of aristocracy.

His next appearance at the theatre
brought forth a furious demonstration of
animosity, but he received it in dignified
calm. According to the newspapers, the
Princess made gestures of angry defiance,
finishing by placing her thumb to her nose,
with her fingers outspread. The authori-
tiés base their refusal to allow them to
appear again upon the probability of a
riot.

The de Broglies are booked to appear at
Naples and elsewhere in Italy. There is
much curiosity respecting their reception
in these places

|
|

 

 

|

 

COMPLAIN OF POWER PLANT,

Vatison Chimney Beiches Forth Ciaders and
Smoke, Neighbors Say.

A delegation of residents who live in the

neighborhood of the New York Edison Com-

| pany’s power plant at First avenue and

| Thirty-ninth street appeared in the York-

ville police court yesterday to protest

against what they described as a great
smoke and cinder nuisance.

Samuel Levine of 317 East Forty-first
| etreet headed the complaining delegation,
who were supported by Lawyer Donahue
and John H. Cook, an ins or of the Board
of Health. John H. Chisholm, the engineer
of the works, and Foster IL. Moore, his
assistant, were there on a summons.

Levine said he and his neighbors for sev-
eral months were victims of a Mont Pelée
on a small scale, as cinders and soot were
qontinaany dropping upon their premises
from the ia, chingne7e. They complained
many times, but all the satisfaction they got
was the suggestion that they could move if
oe did not like the neighborhood.

lagietrate Sweetser said he sympathized
ein e Gotogarion if all they said was true.
the hearing for a week

He ad journed the h
RAID REAL ESTATE POOLROOM.

Place Had Been Ranning Only Two Hoars
When Sleaths Descended.

Capt. Thompson of the Tenderloin police
station heard yesterday that a poolroom,
in the dreas of a rea! estate offloe, was start-
ing on the fifth floor of an office building
at 3 East Seventeenth street. Three de-
tectives went around in the afternoon.
They told Adolph Auerbach, who answered
the bell, that they were looking up some
real estate.

“My brother is in the back room now
making a deal at Bennings,” Auerbach re-
plied, according to the detectives. They
pushed through past Long Island realty
maps and found twenty men in the back
room, with telephones and racing sheets
Isidore huavbash, who said he lived at the
Breslin, was arrested for keeping a pool-
room, and his brother Adolph, Continental
Hotel, for aiding. The place had been
open only two hours,

SEEKS RELEASE FROM

Ex-Senator Brackett Appears for James
Wallace Morreii.

Ex-Senator Edgar T. Brackett appeared

 

 

| Justice Maclean as counsel for James
Wallace Morrell, an alleged incompetent.
Mr. Morrell is a wholesale coal dealer and
' lived at the Gallatin, 70 West Forty-sixth
| street, but for some time has been in a
| sanitarium. His wife, Ellen C. Morrell,
| says that he suffers from a functional dis-
' order of the brain, which can be cured only |
\t 54 a long rest in secluded surroundings.
er L. F. Fish, who retained ex-Senator

production of the alleged incompetent in
| court, and Justice MacLean set April 18
oo the date for argument on the return to

 

She is equipped with De Forrest |

 

tonal,’ Said Wounded Man's Uncle.

PirtssurG, April
from suicidal mania, and after carefully
arranging for spectacular effects, Robert
M. Crow, 22 years old, of 326 Braddock
avenue, East End, stood up in a box during
the performance at the Grand Opera House

abdomen.

At the Hommopathic Hospital it is said
to-night that the bullet passed through
the young man’s intestines, causing sev-
eral punctures and lodging at the base
of the spine. His chances for recovery are
very slight.

Crow is a nephew of H. C. McEldowney,
president of the Union Trust Company,
the H. C. Frick bank.

“Pittsburg paranoia, an uncontrollable
impulse to do something sensational,” is
the terse way in which Attorney W. C.
McEldowney, another uncle of the young
man, described the motive for the deed.

Crow is known by members of his family
to have been mentally unbalanced for
several months.

His complete mental

short time.

several weeks spent all his time reading
works on insanity.

before he wrote letters to his uncles telling
them that he was about to end his life.
These he sent out by messenger boys.

When Ethel Levy came on the stage
for her act all the lighta were turned out
with the exception of the spotlight. Crow
calmly stood up in the box and loaded a
.88-calibre revolver which he took from
his overcoat pocket. Then as the house
was flooded with light at the conclusion
of Miss Levy's “Unrequited Love” song
Crow was revealed to the entire audience
standing with the revolver against his
body.

Miss Levy put her hands over her face
and fled from the stage just as Crow dis-
charged the weapon. Cireat excitement
followed. Women in the audience screamed
and fainted. Crow was carried back of
the stage and an ambulance was summoned
from the Hommopathic Hospital.

When the ambulance arrived a moment
later H. ©. and W. C. McEldowney were
just passing the theatre on their wav to
Police Headquarters to ask that a general
order be issued for the arrest of Crow °
sight in an effort to prevent him f ou
carrying out the threat made in his levers

The uncles notified the widowed mother
and the wife of Crow and they hurried
to the hospital. The young man was con-
scious when they arrived, but refused to
talk further than to say that he wanted
to die.

“Robert has been mentally deranged for
some time,” said W. C. McEldowney at the
hospital. “His act was not entirely un-
expected by me. It was no doubt due to an
insane impulse to do something sensa-
tional. He did not have a real care or
worry in the world.”

Crow was married only a year ago, and
with his young wife and mother livedin a
showy house in the East End suburb.

At the theatre the police, with the as-
; sistance of the attachés, finally succeeded
!in quieting the audience and the show
proceeded. Miss Levy was too much

overcome, however, to go on with her act.

“I never saw anything so terrible,” she
said. “Just as the lights were flashed
ov I saw the man standing in the box with
the revolver in his hand. I thought at first
that he was going to shoot at me and I ran
from the stage.”

PRISONER A NAVAL CADET?

 

Combes Arrested Here for Cashing Bogus
Checks In Baltimore.

A youth who was registered at Police
Headquarters as David Combes, 22 years
old, a cadet, of Washington, D. C., was
arreated at the Fifth Avenue Hotel yester-
day afternoon by Detective Sergeants
Mahoney and Bonnoil. He was arrested
on a telegram from Marsbal Farnan of
Baltimore, where he is wanted for passing
bogus checks.

Battmmore, April 10.—David S. Combes,
who was arrested in New York at the in-
stigation of Marshal Farnan, is wanted
here for passing bogus checks. Combes
lived at a boarding house in Franklin street,
where he formed the acquaintance of Percy |‘
L. Small, a student. He represented him-
self to be « naval cadet and showed a uni-
form to prove his identity.

He induced Small to cash two checks, |
one for $26 and another for $75. After
obtaining the money he left town. When
the checks were returned as bogus the
victim notified the police and Combes
was traced to New York. He is 23 years
old.

MANY IN PERIL AT EXETER FIRE,

Thirty-five Stodents Barely Fecape—iIn-
stractor Badly Burned.
Exerer, N. H., April 10.—In a fire which

} destroyed Dunbar Hall, a four story wooden

dormitory of Phillipe-Exeter Academy, early
this morning thirty-five students barely |

| escaped with their liyes. The building was

ASYLUM. |

 

 

yesterday in the Supreme Court before |

|
|

tt, sued out a habeas corpus for the |

4

burned to the ground. The loss is esti-
mated at $50,000.

The students were asleep in the upper
rooms, and the flames cut off their escape
from below. They leaped to the ground
from the windows, and many were severely
bruised. A roll call this morning showed
that all escaped. Lawrence Crosby, an in-
structor, was caught by the flames in his
room on the fourth floor. At the last moment
he slid down the iron rod of a broken fire
eseape through flames that were shooting
out of the windows below and was badly
burned before he reached the ground. He
was removed to a hospital.

Dunbar Hall was the oldest building of
the academy and it was soon to be torn
down to be replaced by @ more modern
structure.

ide Semen Te

 
   

this afternoon and fired a bullet into his

1907.—« opuyright, 1997, be The Sun Printing and Publishing Assocation.

_| SHOT HIMSELF IN THEATRE BOX

 

After Dark Scene —"PitteburgParan ila;
An Impulse to Do Something Sensa-

10.~-While suffering |

un- |
balance came with the introduction of ex- |
pert testimony into the trial of his personal | dotted, is near the meridian
friend Harry K. Thaw. Crow has for larger than any of the others and seems |

This afternoon he bought a box seat |
in the theatre. He was hardly seated |

— + +

 

reper SE a

nd

oe mee >

a

10 T0 7 ON DISAGREEMENT.

andbook Betting In the Tenderloin on the
Thaw Verdict.

There were many bets made on the result
| or the Thaw trial in saloons and on the
| street corners of the Tenderloin last night

‘ after the jury had gone out.

 

books were 10 to 7 that there would be a
disagreement. When it came to betting
that Thaw would be acquitted the bettor
had to put up $2 for a chance to win $1.

 

were $1 to $4.

There was no open betting, but in pretty
nearly every saloon persons willing to
make book were to be found.

The saloons were doing a good business
until the closing hour, as many hoped that
the jury would come in before 1 o'clock

FINDS A NEW SUN SPOT.

Dr. Mitchel! of Columbia Discovers One as
Large as Prof. Brashear's.

Dr. S. A. Mitchell, an instructor in as-
tronomy at Columbia University, an-
nounced yesterday that he had discovered
a new sun spot which he says is as large
! as that discovered by Prof. Brashear of
| Allegheny on February 13. According to

Dr. Mitchell the sun spot is more remarik-

| able because the period of frequency of
| spots is long past. As soon as he discovered
the spot Dr. Mitchell made several ob-
servations of its spectrum and came to

 

 

|
|

the conclusion its ternperature was much |
The young man was under | jower than that of the other parts of the
the delusion that he should be able to | gyn.

accumulate an immense fortune in a very | of these peculiar phenomena.
This spot, which is one of a number with

This he said was the case with all

which the surface of the sun seems to be
it is much

to be the centre of an unusual solar activity.
With the aid of a piece of smoked glass
the spot could be seen clearly yesterday
morning A small telescope disclosed
numerous other spots with which the larger
one was surrounded.

Dr. Mitchell does not look for any very

violent atmospheric disturbances as a
result.
DUNNE TALKS OF A CONTEST,

Says Friends Have Urged Him to Attack
Mayor-Elect Busse's Majority.

Cuicaco, April 10.— Possibility of an eleo-
| tion contest,
“the small plurality obtained by Fred
A. Busse and upon alleged wholesale bribery
and corruption in the river wards,” de-
veloped to-day.

Mayor Dunne made a statement in which
he said that such action was being urged
upon him by his friends. The Mayor stated
that he had reached no conclusion as to
what action if any he would take.

The evidence which would be necessary
for the prosecution of a contest, the Mayor
said, came to him from men who declare
that they personally know of instances
‘pon which to base the action.

 

STRIKE ON NEGRO FIREMAN.

White Men of Chicago Company Demand
That He Be Removed From Their House.

Curicaaco, April 10.—Fourteen members
of Truck Company ?, Clinton and Wash-
ington streets, headed by their captain,
Timothy Smith, invaded the office of Fire
Marshal Horan to-day and threatened to
resign if a negro fireman, recently ap-
pointed, was to be kept at the quarters of
the truck company.

Capt. Smith pointed out that, unlike the
policeman, the home of the firemen was
in the engine house and if a negro were
appainted to a white company the white
men must live with him, eating their meals
with him and sleeping in the same quarters.
It was impossible for his men, he said, to
endure such conditions.

Chief Horan, who was astounded by the

“walkout” of his men, promised them that
the negro would be transferred, but ex-
plained that he had to appoint men who
were placed on the lista by the Civil Service
Commission, regardless of any personal
opinions or of color.

KAISER LOSES L aw SUIT.

| Fatls to Eject Tipsy Innkeeper From His
Hanting Estate at Rominten
Specia! Cable Despatch to TRE SUN
Berury, April 10.—The Kaiser has lost a
lawsuit against one of his tenants in the
court at Insterburg
The Kaiser Hotel, near the royal hunt-
ing lodge at Rominten, was leased to a
man of the name of Kalweit in 1903. Now
on the ground of sundry grievances, in-

 

cluding charges of personal drunkenness |

and allowing disturbances on the premises, |
the chief court marshal has applied for the
recision of the lease.

It was shown in the course of the hearing
that Kalwait never obtained a liquor license
but this was not one of the complaints,
the local authorities not having enforced
a license, assuming that the Emperor's
Prithe was above the law.

ong hearing ended by the court
finding for the defendant, who presumably
will remain the tenant of the hotel.

VELLOW BEDSPREAD WINS.

Mrs. Camp to Have a Separation From Man
Who Preferred Blue.

After hearing testimony for two days
Justice Leventritt in the Supreme Court
decided yesterday that Mrs. Alice Camp
is entitled to a separation from I. Edward
Camp, a salesman, with alimony of $40
a month.

Mrs. Camp kept a boarding house in
which Camp came to board. She had
divorced one husband and buried another
| betore she married him, They had man
narrels, — principal one over a bed =

he wanted a yellow one and he a
blue. She also accused him of ane
and continued abuse. He declared that bo
had always been kind to her, but that “their
tern gore cold” because of her bad
temp@r and the interference of her daughter,
child cf one .f her previous husbands,

SQUADRON ©S NEW HOME

Formally Opened by the Mayor, Who Pre
sents the Keys to Major De Bevoise.
Squadron C's new armory, in Bedford
avenue near Eastern Parkway, Brooklyn,
was formally opened last night in the |
presence of several thousand civilian |
guests. Mayor MoClellan reached the |
armory shortly after 8 o'clock. As head

oe « govgramens bo presented the
keys to Major Charles oise
manding

 

 

 

 

, com-
of the squadron. The |

were reviewed Ma d
Gen. James MoLeer. om was 3 drill. s

matoh, a music ride and rough ridi
Oop nae “Gen. Charlies FRx
numerous ee men will be guests

and at the
y pe BO

me

ee a

Trurspar, APRIL 11, 1007.
Cloudy to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow.

 

The usual odds offered bettors by the |

The odds offered on the conviction end |

based upon allegations of |

 
  
 
   

  

decom one ooo ag

  
 
 

—_—"s

     
      
  
     
        
     

ce
~ PRICE TWO CENTS.

THAW JURY
OUT ALL NIGHT

‘Locked Up at Eleven afte {
Having Had the Case
Six Hours.

NO UNWRITTEN LAW HERZ

justice FitzGsraid Charges Tha
Insanity is the One
Defence Pleaded.

—

Jerome in His Summing tp Kiddies wt
ntas’s Plea of “Dementia Amertean,.’
und Insists That Thaw's Every * +

~ showed Him Sane at the Time of
Murder—Flaws in Evelyn Thaw's Sto.
—Her Diary Mead to Show That
Was No “Angel Child"—Ne Barg air
With Hummel—Thaw Presamed tn I:
Sane. Says Justice I'tzGerald— Rane,
of Dteen ton in the Pol oner’s Pamil

tethy

The case of Harry h. Thaw went y
| the jury yesterday afternoon at &:15.0'clocy
| The jury went to dinner and immediates -

upon its return to the Criminal Courts

Building was locked up in the jury roon

and began its consideration of the evidence
At 11 o'clock, no agreement having bees
‘reached, Justice FitzGerald telephones |
{from his bome ordering Court Captaig
| Lyoch to 'ock the jury up for the night
| Justice FitzGerald will open court at 10:3}
| this merning ready to receive the verdic)
| of the jury in case one has heen reached 14
that time.

When the telephoned order of the Judge,
was received the court officers and the
| police at once cleared the building of the
curious persons who had hung about evel
since the case was closed.

Thaw was kept in the prison pen on tha

first mezzanine floor of the building while
the jury was deliberating. He was at-
tended by a prison guard and by all the
members of the Thaw family who have
been in court during the trial, with the
exception of his-mother and the Countess)
of Yarmouth, his sister.
Prison Chaplain Wade and the Rev.
Robert B. Kimber of 2 West Thirty-sixth
| street spent much of the time of waiting
| with the defendant. With him too was
Prison Guard Cannon. Cannon has .a
child who is very sick, and this was told te
Thaw, who said just before the guard left
hirn to go to the bedside of his child: “Your
case is really much worse than mine.”

Jary Goes Out at 6:15.

{t was precisely quarter past 5 o'clock
when the jury went out and the spectatore
speedily left the court room. The news
that the jury was out spread fast afd a
great crowd gathered at the various en-
trances of the Criminal Courts Building,
hundreds of working people on their way
home stopping for a few minutes to cateb
a glimpse of the main figures in the trial.

Ten minutes after Thaw had left the
court room there was a rumor that be had
collapsed in the pen. Commissioner Cog-
gey of the Department of Correction was
in the building and he gave permission to
| Lawyer O'Reilly to take the members of
| Thaw's family up to see him. re-
| mained with him for nearly half an
| Young Mrs. Thaw then came down to the
| ground floor and entered a telephone beoth..

“It’s absurd,” she said. “Harry is bear-
| ing the suspense bravely. Collapsed? Not
atall.”

However, the prison keepers said he was
nearer that condition than at any other time
since the tria! began.

“The Judge's charge hae scared him half.
to death. He has finally Sven made
realize what he's up against,” seid ¢
| keeper who bad him in immediate charge.

| Rumors of Family Dissension.

When the jury retired Mrs. William
| Thaw, Mrs. George L. Carnegie, the Countess
| of Yarmouth and Mrs. Evelyn Thaw walked —

out of the court room together. When whey
| got ontside it appeared to those in the eor-
ridor that Harry's wife was shunted to ene

side. At any rate Thaw's mother and twa
sisters walked up the stairway to the mas-
| ganine floor alone, and his wife went up with

Lawyer O'Reilly.

When Mrs. Evelyn Thaw hurried out
of the prison pen and ran down the steps
to the basement to telephone, she was
heard to say; “It's terrible.” The young
woman's face was flushed, and she was
greatly agitated. That fact became the
basis for a story that there had been some
unpleasantness between Thaw’s mother
and sisters and herself, while they were
visiting the prisoner.

Young Mrs. Thaw Dines with O'Reilly.

After the defendant's wife had
she accompanied Lawyer O'Reilly to a
restaurant around the corner in Franklin
street, where they retired to @ rear room
and wouldn't be seen.

As they passed down through the Jong
room they had to walk by a table where sas
Mr. Jerome, Mr. Garvan, ex-Assistant
District Attorney Rand and several of the
District Attorney's etaff. Mrs. Thaw
marched past the group with her head
in the air and a calm smije upon her face,

Soon afterward, Thaw's mother, with
the Countess of Yarmouth and Mrs. George
L. Carnegie, went to the Hotel Lorraine
| in an electrio cab. Josiah and ne
Thaw departed within a few minu
walking siowly north. They
exceedingly gloomy and would not pe
even to counsel on their side.

Lawyer Peabody said that Thaw’s mother
and sisters would not return t» the ceurt, .
building during the evening. but woul}. |
noe in touch with it from the Fil Lame

“uct ator leaving 1 aa

,
aS

a

 

a

 

 

 

*