~ VOL. LXVIIL—NO. 35.

ALL RICE CHECKS FORGED?

 

50 SAY THE POLICE, AND ARREST
LAWYER PATRICK AND C, F. JONES

Patrick Declares That by Will and Tra
He Molds the Whole Estate-Experts Say
an Assignment Is Forged Also-The Will
in Patrick's Favor Not Examined Yet-Long
Statement by the Accused Lawyer~—Estate
Given to Him tn Trast for Hamanity

Rice's Safe Forced Open—Held a Millton,
a Lot of Cats and Dogs and No Second Wil'.

 

The police say that the checks for $250,009
eigned “William M. Rice," and produced the
day after Mr Rice's death on Sept. 23 by Lawyer
dibert T. Patrick, who has been described as
Mr, Rice's New York attorney, are all forgeries
although two of them, calling for $160,000),
were certified by the Fifth Avenue
Trust Company They say that an as lanment
of Mr Rice's securities here and other documents
produced by Patrick purporting to give him
control of the aged millionatre's personalty
in this city are also forgeries, and that the
signatures are tracings of Mr. Rice's signature
Patrick is under arrest at Police Headquarters
and Charles F Mr. Rice's secretary,
who drew the checks, {s under arrest with him

The mi/lNonatre's safe in the v iulta of the New
York Safe Deposit Company was forced open
yesterday, In it were found a millton dollars’
worth of good securities, a lot of cats and dogs,
and no will. The suspicions which caused the
removal of Mr. Rice's body from his house at
500 Madiaon avenue to the Morgue for an autopsy
have not been verified so far, no report having
heen received by the police from Chemist Witt

Jones,

haus

The conclusion that the checks and other
documents were forgeries resta on the opinions
of the handwriting experts, Kinsley, Carvalho
and Aagen, who figured in the Molineux trial
After reading what they had told the pollee
Assistant Distriet Attorney Osborne yesterday
advised the police to taka the two men into
custody

Capt. James A. Baker of Houston, Tex, the
former business partner and lawyer of Mr
Rice, who came to this city as soon asthe po-
lice began investigating the many queer things
connected with the millionaire’s death, said
at Police Headquarters last night

“After I arrived in New York last Thursday
I investigated as fully as I could all the facts
in connection with Mr. Rice's last illness and
death. After my investigations Capt. McClusky)
sent for me and desired to be allowed to inspect
the checks that had been sent to Swenson & Sons
1 showed him the checks and Capt. MeClusky
immediately on the similarity
of Mr. Rice. The
were sent to W. A. Kinsley, to Carvalho, and
to flagen, the Troy expert. All three of them,
separately and without knowing what opinion
had been given by the other two, pronounced
the signatures forgeries.”

Capt. McClusky then took up the story and
said

“The checks for $25.000 and $135,0 that were
certified at the Fifth Avenue Trust Company;
the assignment of the lease of the safety Dox
in the Safe Deposit Company of the city of New
York; the assignment of securities and funds

on deposit with the Fifth Avenue Trust Com-
any: the revocation of the right of Capt
5 unes A. Baker to enter me vane of waged, the
le was assign and which hac een
originally leaned Er Rice and Baker in partner-

commented

of the signatures checks

ship: the two checks that were sent to Swen-
son & Sona, all these were submitted to the
experts.

“Kinaley said that they were ‘palpable forger-
Carvalho said that they were ‘rotten

jee
cork.’ Ip the inspection of the check for
$28,000, which was certified by the Fifth Ave-

nue Trust Company, the experts found a pin-
bholein each corner of the check. The signa-
tures were exactly alike on each of the four
checks and on the three documents. They
were all evidently tracings from the same sig-
nature.

The experts had all kinds of signatures of
Mr. Rice, which Capt. Baker had furnished,
and these signatures were varied.

Capt baker has a copy of the second will
and we will now make an effort to get hold of
the original as we think that that too is a for-

wery. The first will was drawn up
by Capt Baker in Sept. 1806 In ft, Baker
was named as executor There were a
number of small amount willed te
varions persons but over nine-tenths of the
estate went to the Willlam_ M,. Rice Institute.
for the Advancement o1 Literature, Science
and art of Houston, Tex, This was founded
by Mr. Rice for the express purpose of making
it his residuary legatee. He gave 875,100
during his liie, and the Board of Trustees there

now helds a cheek for $250,000 payable at his
vat)

The second will was drawn on June a0, 1900
4’ the beneficiaries that were named in the
trst will are in the second will, and all receive
slichtiv Inereased amounts over the amounte
ramed in the Baker will The residue is left
outcight to Patrick

 

 

    
 

‘on Set. 7 subsequent to the execution of
the seeond will, Rice executed an assignment
to Patrick transferring all of his estates and

erties in every bank and trust

‘ ny in this city in consideration
Patrick's assuming to pay Rice_ dur-

w his life $10,000 a_ year, and at
his death to suitably inter his body and erect
n tombetone to cost not more than $5,000) Rice

had on deposit with Swenson & Sons $100,000 in
securities and $00,000 in cash The document
aseigning these to Patrick has not yet been
seer

John R. Potts, the proprietor of the Appeal
Printing Company, which has on sopon in the
Chatham National Bank the $25,000 check, certi-
ted by the Fifth Avenue Trust Company, ape
peared at Police Headquarters with Patrick.
hie suid that Capt, MeClusky had told him that
Jones was arrested merely on suspicion of
collusion with Patrick, as Jones had told Swenson
A Sons over the telephone t at the $25,000 check
was all right and had not told them that Rice
was dead,

After Capt. MoCluskey finished hia state-
ment Patrick was brought into the room He
bowed to the reporters there and emiled and
then turned to Capt. MeClusky, who said

‘You mav havethe privilege, Mr Patrick
of making any explanation you see fit for the
nen here from the press.’

PATRICK SAYS THE WHOLE PROPERTY 18 HIS
1 would make a concise statement of the
whole thing if l were you,” said Potts to Patrick,
and Patrick: immediately started on the foie
lowing e< planation of hia side of the case

“All the transactions | had with Mr. Rica
were the result of Pe vious interviews which
1 had with him. The assignments of the ac-
count at the Fifth Avenue Trust Company and
with Swenson & Sons were prepured by me
at my office and sent by trusted messengers
who were accustomed to take the acknowl-
edgement of Mr. Rice. These messengers
reported Kice as not having signed on that
iay, it being his custom not to execute as-
ienments without careful consideration ,

“Two days later I received a message from
Mr. Rice to have the witnesses sent up, They ree

 

 

   

ported afterward that Mr. Rice had signed
thy assieninenta and later Mr. Rice sent
‘he assignments to mea If indeed
t ‘checks which Mr. Rice sent to me on the
Saturday before his death are forgeries, and I
cannot see that they are, ] was merely drawing
outoft the bank property which had been pre-
viously cned to me and which I had a per-

draw in any manner I chose
» cheek whieh Swenson & Sons did not
rufy aft th had been Informed of the

certif ‘at
death of Mr. Rice through my Instructions I

   

 

 

 
   
 

  

 

 

 

freely and willingly turned over to Capt. Baker
for the purpose of investigation, and I have
hever made of Capt. Baker any request other
than that he should probe this matter to the
Pulestestent  Onthe same day that the checks
i $140,000 were certified by — 4he
! Avenue Trust Company I offered
t ® Company to return them to Baker
e saw nothing unusual In the transaction
expressed himself as perfectly satistied
‘Th the same. Subsequently, upon the appli-
f Mr. Thomas Kushmore, attorney for
‘pany, T turned the $135,000 cheek over
is Custodian, voluntarily on my part
‘ithout any pressure whatever
mus of this ‘ir against me is as
In 1806 Mr Rice's wife died his
tors claimed that as Mr Rice had
! s under the laws of Texas, her
titted to one-half of his earni
irried lif Mr Rice and lw
I was retained by Mrs Rice's
matter and authorized to com- |
for 8250.000 Capt. Baker re-
the compromise He had Mr
Rive Tto New York
ter the death of Mrs. Rice, Mr
Reguler os Clock work
. Wor Iyaratns of the Pennsy!vania Rallroad to

 

Rice made a will leaving the residue of his
estate, valued at bet ween $5,000,000 and $8,000,000
to the William M. Kice Institute of Houston,
Tex , of which James A. Baker, Jr, was made
President; $80,000 in trast for life to his brother
Frederick A. Rice of Houston, and to his wife
and eight children the principal upon bis death;
$10,000 to each of his two sistersin Massachusetts
All other relatives and friends were ignored
“Capt. Baker dragged this suit through the
courts forfour years and refused to submitto
the proposition of a compromise, although be
conceded to me that it was his duty to do so

  

 

“Mr. Lice opened communication with me
directly in January last and we negotiated
for a long time to compromise this action,
In the meantime Mr. Rice began discussing

his private affaira and (ually caused me to
prepare a will in whicitall relatives and friends

were recognized The instrument left what
he thought was propera large part of the
estate to me upon his belief that 1 would

ly it for the interests af humanity

Mr. Riee afterward concluded that his busi-
ness alfairs were a strain upon his health, and
With a desire to witness in his lifetime the effect
of the distribution and application of his wealth
Which he desired, he tr snelerred all his property

  

to me upon the terios that | should put inte
executio his lifetline certain provisions «

his will providing for his relatives
and friends, the jnatitute and “0
forth, and that I should provide. hi

With an annuity of €10,000 a year till his deat

hie decided that the matter «jiould not be made
Publie tuntil the claims of the estate of his wite
could be arranged according to the compromise
already newotiated on the basis of $250,000

and until he could get downtown and in a pub
ie on

 

 

   
  

 

inne let me reduce to pos

session othe property he had assigned
to me and it \ tesit
that matters should take that course. 1 at
once set myself to put them inte execution
It was understood that soon as 1 got mate |
ters ready for the pay t of the $250,000 1
should pay that fret. and if money r prope
erty then stood in his name for the r-
mance of his contract with me, that be ould
‘ 1 to me cheeks for that amount or such
af arnount as 1 might ask for

Vir. iiee Was unaole te get down town for
Weeds on aeeount of the hot weather and other
calles, although his health continued to improve
and as he never antleipated death He
thouwhe that thie tran<fer would fengthe
his life. Only a night or two before he died I
£1W his physician, who assured ome that Mr
Rice wonld he able to get down town the
lowing week

“On Saturday morning bi fore he died I re-
ceivedt heeks but as that matter was not
yet ripe and | had other matters to attendto I
decided to wait on that busine

Mr. Rices’ death fell upon me like a thunder-
bolt, although his dector had advised me that
matter might not be astonishing in view of hi
condition and I had taken every precaution
Against it, | did the very best I] could under
the eire lances to conserve the property
and carry out his wishes, T permitted n ff
to rest under suspicion rather than make public
the details of the aflair,which might injure a
Proper settlement of the litigation, knowing
that IT would come out right in the end

“When Capt. Raker arrived I gave tim copies
of the docu und offered to putin his
possession, a8 custodian, all the property I had
pending the investigation, not havivge the alleht-
eat doubt that he would flod everything right in
the trying question Above all things I never
doubted the signatures and my arrest came

od

 

 

ents

 

like another thur rholt

“Only a few days ago Capt. Baker asked me
to come to his hotel and he tried to get me to
compromise with the In-titute | immediately

declined to consider the question at the present

 

   

tine sSinea then I have not seen him until
to-night when the vault was opened pursuant
to a previous and voluntary arrangement on
my part,”

Some one here asked Mr. Patrick why the
safe deposit box was forced. In reply he
denied that it was because the combination

to the vanlt had been Jost,

“Capt. Baker had that combination,”. he
said Mr. Rice sent it to him in a letter four
years ago and he told me so when he arranged
the lease ofthe vault to me.”

“I am satisfied that this whole proceedin
against me is born of suspicions cecasiones
by selfish desire, From what I know of the
relations between Mr Rice and Mr. Jones, his
confidential clerk, and Swenson & Sons I am
satisfied that they have a good deal to do with
ft I shall not bail myself out I have retained
Frederick B. House by telephone,as my attorney
I have instructed him to get out a writ of habeas
corpus to-morrow morning and I shall lay the
whole matter before the court and expect to be
free before the setting of the sun

 

 

When | called upon Swenson & Son: after
they had refused to certify my $25,000 check
and showed ther my assignment of Mr. Rice's
account and lent them a copy of it, they did

not Gop) that Mr. Rice’s check for $25,000 wa
properly signed, but rested their objection
to it on the defective spelling of my name tn
the body of the check

“L have perfect confidence in my checks and
have every reason to believe that my position
will be confirmed. Ihave been frank, tree and
fair with every person interested in this «
and with many persons who arer
and I have not been treated wit

  

which Lextended. Capt MeClusky has offe
me every courtesy
The statement of Charles F. Jones to Capt

McClusky
statements
FOUND ONLY A MILLION IN THE SAPE—NO WIL
The safe, in the vaults of the New York
Safe Deposit Company, was opened soon after
7 ck last evening About a million dollars

practically corroborates Patrick's

 

ele

 

 

 

 

  
    

worth of securities was found ‘The men who
were present were Capt, James A. Baker
wh holda letters of administration
@ranted him in Texas N S. Meldrum,
connected with the Ea Texas ailroad

in which Mr. Rice was terested; Albert T
Patrick and James W. Gerard and several ofMf-
cers Of the Deposit company

It took two mechanies three hours to open
the safe. They drilled a hole to the lock from

the side It was not until 10 o'clock that the
men interested in the contents of {the safe
finished the examination of the securities

When they came out they would not go into
detail further than to say that thelr estimate
of the val f the contents was about $1,000,000
and that 1 will had heen found. Whether

or not they found as much as they expected,
they would not say It had been stated on
one hand that Mr. Riee was worth $15,000,000,
while on the other doubts had been OX presser

 

that he was worth $500,000

   

   

 

 

Among the securities it was learned there
were $400,000 worth of Atchison bonds, and
some of the prefe d stock of the road
Thera wer ilko x securities not worth
the paper they w wriffen on, Mr. Gerard
admitted. Mr Patrick and Mr. Baker, whe
represent opposing inferests, took rough in-
ventories of what the box contained, and the
securities were then put back Whether there
will now be litigation concerning the securi-
ties was not elicited from the men Interested

There was a hint of a misunderstanding be-
tween Mr Patrick and Mr. Gerard when the
men came out of the vault rhe statement of
Mr Patrick in regard to the matter was that he
had objected to the presence of Mr Gerard, but

 

 
 

  

had finally withdrawn his objection Mr
Gerard said that Mr. Patrick had ot

his presence, but had been forced to withdraw
his objections Further Information of what

the safe contained wil probably be given out

to-day

   

 

      
 
 
 

ORIGIN Of SUSPICIONS IN THE CASE
When Mr. Rice died on Sunday. Sept. 23 at
his home, $00 Madison avenue, his body was
sent to the undertaker shop of Charles Plow.
right of Fou avenue and embalmed
although } k held his express pr *
hibition of embalming The funeral was on
Tuesday. Preparations had made to
take the body to Fresh Pond for cremation, b
the polloe erfered and through the Cor ’
oMece stopped th removal of the body wii
was taken to the M fie instead, and the ore-

 

ans were remove
sre Ormen oy the &
plaint made by S M

 

wr chemical examination
liee war ¢ aise iby a com
Swenson & Sons, bankers

 

 

  
 

 

      
 

 
 

of 15 Broad street) They told the police that on
Monday Mr Patrik had presented
at their office n check for $25,040)
purporting to bave been slened by Mr Riee
on Saturday to Mr, Patrick's order. The |
check was drawn to the order of “Abert” T,
Patrick and M Patrick had indersed it Al-
bert T, Patric It was sent back to him and
in an hour it Was returned to the bank reine
dorsed Abert IT. Patrick, The bank «Mcials
were still not + fled. The signature did
not look riwht to them somehow, and thes
called up Mr hk house on the
telephone, Charles nes Mr Rice's
private fecretary, answered the telephone
call and at tirst said that Mr Riee eould not be
seen, but he declared that he knew that the
check was all right The bankers ealled up
later. In the meantime Jones had had a talk
with Patrick, and this ti acting on Patrick's
advice, Jones admitter » the bankers that
Mr. Rice had died the day hefore. The bank
thereupon refused to certify the cheek rd
notified the police The suhseqniert histor
of the ease is well remen:bered
THE ARRESTS

Patrick was arrested in the « &° of the safe
deposit company after the eate had been ep.
ened Detective Carey made the arrest and
after he took Patrick to Police Headquarters
Patrick telephoned to a friend at 8146 West
Fifty-eiehth st

  
 

   

 

IT am in room 12, Police — Headquarters,”
Patrick said I am not under arrest The
police are simply trving to make it disagree-
able for me

After Patrick was arrested, Detective Val-
lely went to Mr. Riee’s late home, 600 Fifth

 

avenue, and there arrested Jones

Latest Marine Intelligence.

Arrived: Ss Nacoochce, Capt. Smith, Savannah,
Oct 2

“NEW YORK, FRIDA

|
|
|
|
|
ence to an appeal for aid

 

Y, OCTOBER 5,
NOW ASK FOR AID;

 

| MINERS

SEVEREST TEST OF ENDURANCE IN
THE COAL STRIKE APPROACHING,

\ —

Fear That Thousands Will Re tn Need ina Few
Days~No Arrangements Yet for Providing
Ald-—The Entire Coal Field Tied Up Tighter
Than Before—More Soldiers Sent Home
~—Some Individaal Colllertes Still at Work,

WILKES-Banne, Pa, Oct. 4.—Some fifty
strikers and their families in this region have
asked help from the miners’ union and are
patiently waiting for it. They have been sup-
plied since the beginning of the week by the
local unions, but their number is increasing
daily and their condition is growing worse.
Several hundred are expected to be asking for
food by next week and not many of the 15,000
in this city will be able to hold out until the end
of the month {f the strike laste that long. The
general committee representing the unions of
this city and adjoining towns to-day referred
their diticulties in answering the demands to
President Mitehell and after a conference with

 

 

 

  

 

 

     

  

  

   

the Executive Board he informed the Wilkes-
Barre committee that aid would be sent aa soon
as possible, Meanwhite the committee will do
| the best it can with the needy ones
Most of the strikers who have applied are
men with large fan and they require a
j large amount The union will
probably furnish these t sith money until
irenwenent ul ening a di
ju butting station iA under wa the
} striker willbe required to apply there for eu
plies, and a eareful re I ept to show
that i than is perty With
this first ton rot the inag inp the air
t wo4 misideratile nm among
the foreigne int ighborhood
1 ¢ 14 le lhur id Sha baey tad
| en cL tee ON pene ’ ! ts A week whittle
n rike and that is the rea« nie { the
I { ‘ Llie ndermtood they wo 1
eet as tn onev while onstrike as they made
while at work rinere Otherwise they would
not have ined the union Whether this di
satisfaction may lead to an attempt on the par
of some to resume work te not kr vn If the
companies opened their colllerios and attempted
A resumption a number would report
for work The companies, wever, sea that
sucha course might cause a ge deal of trouble
| and lead to » violence and it is not likely
| they wi t
| The operate o-day in diseussing the sub-
ect maid the uy was net to resume work
until an ag nt had made with the |
me he inre. owever, that they ive
done their best tn offering all their workmen
a net inerense of te per cent. and reducing
powder to #1 vy can do no more They
say they can to arbitration of minor
grievances and most decidedly cannot reco
nize the union When asked if there was ar
prospect of a speedy settlement, they declared

 

 

 

there was not, so far as th knew, unless the
men agreed to return to work at the offer made
to them

The strikers are no better informed
in the hands of President

 

They

   

 

BAY everything is
Mitchell, and when he considers the offer of
the operators worthy of consi » will
call a meeting the delegates

Frederick Dilcher, a member of the Execu-
tive Board, and District Treasurer Dempsey,
came up from Hazleton to-day and went to
Avoca, where they organized a large union
The men there have been on strike, but were
not organized. The West End mine is still

  

idily, and is the only one in the
ld having a full force at work.

working ste
entire coal

 

MINERS SEEKING AID.

President Mitchell Non-Committal as to the
Means to End Distress,

Hazurron, Pa, Oct. 4.—-A question of con-
siderable magnitude which will require the
early attention of the Executive Committee of
the United Mine Workers, will be that of grant-
ing relief to the strikers who, in a very short
time, will be very much in need of it. A tele
gtam was received here to-day from Wilkea-
barre saying that twenty-three local unions
ofthe Wyoming region, embracing 14,000 miners,
wanted to have some information from Preal-
dent Mitchell regarding the matter of relief
for destitute miners. Hundreds of miners’
families in the Wyoming region are already
in sore straits for food, the telegram sald, and
there will be thousands of them by the end

| of the When President Mitchell saw
the replied coldly that hehad
received no word from Wilkes-Barre in refer-

week

despatch he

“In case an appeal is made to you, will you

be able to promptly furnish ald?" he was
asked

‘IT have nothing to say about that until I
receive aid,” waa the answer

Otherwise there few if any develop
ments in the local strike situation here to-day,
A crowd of strikers, numbering perhaps 200,
made an attempt to prevent the men employed
at the Lehigh Valley shaft No, 40 from going
to work. Sheriff Harvey and his deputies,
however, persuaded the strikers to disperse
and no trouble followed At some of the other
collierles there were some slight increases in
the working force. Cranberry colllery had
fourteen new men at work to-day, and a num-
of rine workers formerly employed ati/the Cole-
| raine colliery, which was closed down, have
| gone to wi rk at the Beaver Meadow mine of

Coxe Bros. & Co., whieh has been working all
through the strike so far

were

fhe collieries operated by G B. Markle
& to, and those of the Cross Creek
Coal Company worked to-day and there
was very little evidence of a strike
atany of these workings The men are
discussing the 10 per cent, advance in wages

and the reduction in the price of powder offered

    

 

 

  

 

by the big companies, and it Would not require
very much pet sion to Induce all to go back
to work, Ontheother hand it does require
a vreat deal wrsuaion on the part of the
| strike lenders to Keep the foreilguers from re-
j turning The men are waylaid by the ag.-
tatora in the streets of the mining patches,
| dragooning Visits are nightly made to their
} houses and every manner of intimidation ts
resorted to to keep these men in the strikera’
| rauka, Were itnot for these methods the

would return in shoals to the collieries, as
fully one-half of them are only kept away by
fear of bodily violence being done them

At the other collleries on the north side,
the conditions were virtually the same as they
have been during the last few days, Pond Creek
is still shipping coal to market, ond although
there are no men working at the Eckley mine,
he stripping and breakers are in full operation

ine

 

 

at Old Buck Mountain and Counei Ridge
the fires have been drawn from under the
) Only one train of coal cars went

 

 

h Amboy to-day and none of the braneh
“ws is working. The quantity of coal stored
Roan Junetion storage vard has been greatly
if ced and the elevators are now idle, Jeddo
Highleud and Dri'ton collieries have their usua
quota of men at work who have not lost a day
all through the strike
Dea dite the most strenuous efforts of the
strike agitators, they have not succeeded
| inducing the mine workers eniployed in the
collieries of the Panther Creek Valle y to lay
down their Pour Jonesville organizers
returned from there to-day and sald that thes
had received no encouragement in that region
and that they believed that the men there wil
not become aMiliated with the union
Kighty strikers who
} to-day, from Vreeland to Pond Creek with the
t of stooping work there were met near
ne by the superintendent, who told them
the company was only developing the
andthat very littl coal was being shipped
trikers then compromised with the super-

 

 

tools

  

ob

ther

that
pace
rt

ntendent, and upon hia promise that no more |

Id be shipped to market until the
mid end, and that the output would

coal wo
strike eh

he nfined to local demands, the men were
allowed to return to werk. To show his satis-
faction with this arrangement the superir

tendent. took the strikers to the store and “blew

to a lunch of crackers and apples

theimn off

READING OPERATIONS TIED UP.

Question Now Chiefly Whether the Company
Will Recogolze the Unton,
POTTSVILLE, Pa, Oet. 4.—The question of
recognizing the miners’ union by the Reading
Coal and Iron Company, is now the topic upper-
is of the people of the Schuy!-
The miners of this district

for several vears and this

moet in the tir

kill coal

have been organizing

regions

fact was well known to the Reading Company
No objection was made No change of policy
of the Reading Coal and Iron Company has

taken place recently in this regard. If the em-
ployees after adjusting grievances with the

No Jolt or Jar
on the Pennsylvania Railroad. Its trains ride Ike
an aliship.—Ade

in |

marched, toward noon !

 

company officials wish to approve it in their
local unions and then submit tt all to President
Mitchell, that would be another question which
has not vet been passed upon by the company.
"Meanwhile all business is nearly at a stand-
still Business men have cancelled many
orders for merchandise, trainmen are being
laid off and stagnation prevails everywhere
The collieries and washeries have been clored
and as the force of armed deputies is regarded
strong enough to protect all property two
regiments of State troops have already left
Shenandoah for home and the remainder will
eave before many days, unless they will be
needed in Panther Valley, where a determined
effort is to be made to tle up the ten collieries
of the Lehigh Navigation Company The one
remaining colliery, in operation of the Reading
Company is the North Franklin at Trevorton,
Northumberland county, which is exceedingly
well guarded) The American miners are well
prote: ted, but it may have to close down ina
‘ew days if the hundreds of strike missionaries
at the homes of the miners keep on in their work

The strikers of Mount Carmel marched tow-
ard Shamokin, 700 #trong, but at Green Ridge

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

   

they were informed that the Reading com-
pany bad rushed a train of en ears of depu-
| ties to North Franklin, The men halted at
} Green Ridge and held a meeting. Nearly all
turned back. About ene hundred and fitty
proceeded to Shamokin to join the strikers
there to march to Treverten, The latest news
from there is that nothing will likely be done
at North Franklin before morning, if then
Tower C1iry, Pa,, Get. 4.-The strike leaders
te-day closed down the Reading company's
Lincoln colliery at this place, employing 900
hands, leaving only one colliery of the Reading
company's thirty-nine, the North Franklin at
| Treverton, at work few sinall private con-
j cer ~about Tamaqua are still running, About
fifty thous nd mine workers, trainmen and shop
hands are now idle thisendof the Sehuwlkill
Valley, The <triker say they will soon close the
work tbout Tamagua, North Franklin and
} the bie Pennsvivania colliery at Willlamstown
} So that no coal at all will be mined in the entire
} Schuylkill district
| The eoal searcity continues. The Reading
jeampany has abont 1,000 ears of anthracite |
| eoal in ita vards at Creasona and Tamaqua
' awaltir onskenimnent Phis, if is understood,
is subject te the order of the management
of the eompany and is held as “emergency
coal hia representa about one half of a full
d & mining, were the collieries on full time
The sidings outside of those named are entirely
bar f eoal

BITUMINOUS MINERS RUSHED,

|
|
!
{ .

Torning Out Coal at a Great Rate and Not

Caring Where It ts Used,

'
|

ALTOONA, Pa, Oct 4—An Iinditeation of the
indifference of nearby bituminous coal miners
to shipments to the anthracite flelda appeared

| to-day in an eastbound coal consignment. In
one train were six Lehigh Valley and five Read-

ing railway ears loaded with coal, which came

 

     
  

 

 
  

from nearby division The inference from
these shipments ts that the miners are paving
no a t the proclilmed prohibition
of shiy it While the ears may be de tined
for ordinar tidewater distributing 4 eA,
the tnen jiave really no assurance that this {a
the cuse That they load the ears without
question is evidence sufficient that they are
not worrying as to what market their coal
goes Coal business in the nearby flelds
is booming No less than twenty-five train
loads pass through Altoona daily Cara are
plentiful, owing to the eastern strike, and
nearly every colliery has all the business It can

handle

FED THE DIAMONDS TO HER hOo@,

|
|
|
|
|
Story of One of the Ways a Young Woman
Smoggled in $400,000 of the Gems.
MILWAUKEE, Oct. 4.—For several weeks
Special Officers Gaffnay and Swartz of the
United States Customs Service have been
searching from Milwaukee to New York for a
certain young woman, whom they wish to inter-
view with reference to the recent smuagling
into this country of something over $400,000
worth of diamonds. The young woman is said
to belong in Chicago, residing when in the city
on Dearborn street, near Thirty-first atreet
|

Tast vear ashe was one of the Clifford's “Gaiety
( ee She cut a wide
1a Exhibition as one

Theatrical
ita at the Oina

Girls”
swath in

 

of the “nation's béauties.” She succeeded in
winning the attention of a speculative New
Yorker, who, it is said, deals exteusively in
gems from Boston to San Francisco, selling to

dealers in the larger towns and cities

Early last spring among the visitors booked
from Chicago by the Cunard agency for the
Paris Exposition was this young woman and
her male escort they sailed in April from
New York, but it was hardly a month before
she returned by way of Halifax to the United
Neites, Ry Ang. 1 the young woman had made
five round trips from Liverpool to the United
States. Some weeks ago information reached
Washington that she was a highly skilled dia-
mond smuggler, and that during the season
she had brought into this country over $400,000
of dutiable gems scot free

On her lat trip the woman was followed!to
Montreal, whereshe took rooms for three days
at St. Lawrence Hall. She suddenly departed
on the Canadian Pacific Ratlway for the Weat
With her, though unannounced, went Gaffney
and Schwartz. At Sault Ste. Marie she bought
a ticket to Milwaukee, She was accompanied
only by alittle Japanese poodle As the boun-
dary line was crossed the young woman was
sublected to diligent search, the customs offl-
neither the

 

cers sparing pains nor young
} womans feelings A woran attendant was
called and every article of apparel worn mi-

nutely examined. No dutiable diamonds were

 

found The officers were balked

4 stop-over was made in Milwaukee. Here
the voung woman took rooms at the Hotel
Priester. During the night the dog died. The

officers say it was poisoned by ita mistress
In Montreal she had starved her pet for hours
and then fed it pieces of fat, In each one of
which, the detectives say, was stowed a dia
mond. In this way she managed to get the
gems into the United States without detection,

 

RESCUED IN MID OCEAN.

 

Fourteen Officers and Men of the Ship Ellers-
lle Landed In Boston.

Boatox, Oct. @—-Fourteen = shipwrecked
seamen, the crew of the once fine ship Filerelie
of Liverpool, were landed at this port yesterday
| Afternoon by the British tramp steamship
Amana, which rescued the men from their
water-logged and disinasted vessel in mid ocean
| five days ago. The resene was effected lust
| Saturday afternoon, men had

dured ten days of sufferings and privations,
and when they had despaired of ever seetng

after the ene

 

home. the names of the rescued men are
Capt. Ll iyn Cook, First Mate John Jack-
fon, Second Mate Carl Hansen, Apprentice

John Cralg McPherson and Seamen Bdward
Castellani, J. Vincent Matvea Grego, Frank
, Patrick Kelly, James Maloney, Thomas
, Henry Louseth and Otto Natchell
| One member of the crew, John Graham,
21 years of age, a native ot Glasgow, fell from
aloft on the morning of Sept. 18, and was lost.
The Ellerstie left Ship Island, Miss., Aug. 18
with a cargo of 1,000,000 feet of piteh pine lum.
' ber for Liverpool She was caughtin the Gal-
| veston hurricane

 

 

GEORGIA PLURALITY, 65,000,

The Democrats Carry the State Over the
Popullsis Without the Slightest Effort,
ATLANTA, Ga, Oct. 4.—Returns indicate that

effort Democratic by @ Majority exceeding

65,000, The incomplete estimate of the votes

! east yesterday in the State election is accurate

enough for the conclusion that the Populist
nominee for Governor ha not received more

 

 

    

 

    

 

| than half the votes cast for his predecessor in

| defeat two years ago. In i808 Hogan's total

ran up to § An estimate of conservative
character the number of votes received
by Traylor vesterday at less than

| In all the 4 inete of Iagrange an

| Point put tegether Col Traylor received only

| eight votes The indications are that the coun-

| ties of Harrison, Glascock, Franklin ,Forsyth

| Chattahoochee, MebDuffie, Oconee and Lincoln
have gone Populist or partly #« In these com
ratnit is well as ina score of others the real
battle for party supremacy was fought and for

every one carried by the Populista where the
issue was ladoubt, the Democrats have captured
two

George Von L, Meyer for Ambassador to Italy.

Boston, Oct. 4 —Senator Lodge this morning

announeed that both Senator Hoar and himself
had decided on George Von L. Meyer of Hamil-
ton and Newport as Ambassador to Italy to
succeed Gen Draper of Hopedale who resigned
The President is willing that) Massachusetts
should have the honor, and Mr. Meyer, it is

   

pt, He is independent and
Meyer is a social leader in New-

 

understood, will ac
woalthy. — Mrs
port and Boston

Through Pullman sleeping cara New York to St
Louts tin New York Central— Big Four Route. Leave
New York 5:50 P. M., arrive St Louls 0:50 neat
evening.—Adp.

|
| Georgia is once more triumphantly and without |
|
'

1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE

|

| other

} this vast fund is complete and beautiful

| said that savings bank

‘DEAD SET FOR LABOR VOTE;

THE LATEST TWIST IN THE DEMO-
CRATIC CAMPAIGN PLAN.

Stic Up the Workingman, is Bryan's Command
~—Bryan Dictating the National Campaign
Outside of New York—Leaving New York
to Croker’s Care—Uryan and Croker the
Actual Managers—Shifting of the Issues
Doe Entirely to Bryan's Instractions,

 

CHICAGO, Oct. 4--The Democratic national
campaign is being conducted by Richard Croker
of New York and William Jennings Bryan of
Nebraska. This was the Democratic teatimony
immediately after Mr. Bryan passed through
this city this morning on hia way to Indianapolia
The Hon. James K. Jones of Arkansas, chair-

| man of the Democratic National Committee,
| formally presides over headquarters fin this
city, and he ia spoken of by Mr. Bryan's inti-
mates as “Old Fuzzy Wuzzy." Senator Jones
| has at his elbow J. G. Johnson of Kansas. Mr
Bryan regards both Mr. Jones and Mr. Johnson
as clerks. He ts his own chief campatgner in
every State save New York, and In that great
Commonwealth Richard Croker is supreme
The Hon. “Gum Shoe Bill” Stene and the Hon
James D Richardson at the Hoffman House tn
New York are clerks to Mr Croker, just as Mr
Jones and Mr. Johnson here are clerka to Mr
Bryan ,

All this is from the Demoeratic
sources. Senator Jones is disturbed over this
stateof affairs, or, as one of his friends at Demo-
eratic National tleadquarters put it to-day,
“The old man ts rattled.” Senator Jones takes
the situation to heart He has heen reelected
| to the United States Senate, is quiet spoken
} and placidly polite, a bit of a humbug because

he denounees trusts while he himself is hand
in glove with John F, Searles, formerly of the
American Sugar Trust, in the Round Cotton
Bale Trust, which the Legislature of Texas haa
denounced as unlawful, and yet Senator Jones
would like to close his political career with the
prestige of having been chief campaigner to
elect a Democratic President. Bryan, however,
gives no heed to Senator wishes or
ideas, ruthlessly brushes aside the Arkansas
statesman’'s suggestions and even directa per-
sonally and in peremptory language just where
the campaign funds are to be distributed

All this is on Democratic testimony. Bryan
does not raise the rnoney himself, and yet every
time he comes to Chieago he issues his man-

j dates as to what shall be done with the funds

Senator Jones,or*Old Fuzzy Wuzzy," as Bryan's
intimates speak of the chairman of the Demo-
} cratic National Committee, is resigned at times
} to this treatment and at others he has plain-
| tively said Wonder what Mr. Bryan will do

next?”
Whatever is said in this article comes from

the highest Democratic authorities, and it ts
thelr opinion that the whole story might as
well be told now as at any time. Immediately
after Bryan's nomination at Kansans City, where
imperialisin was declared by Uncle “Pitehfork”
Tillman, as he read the platform in a voice that
sounded like a wagon on a corduroy road, to
be the “pararnount issue,” Jones was sum-
moned t) Lineoln. Bryan then told him to
start the fight in Minnesota with imperialism
as the issue. It fell flat. It was,in fact, die
astrous, as Minnesota farmers and manu-
facturers have been alniost as much benefited
by the new trade with the Orient as California,
Oregon and the State of Washington

Bryan quickly saw the mistake and he or-
dered Jones to change the issue in Minnesota
to free silver at 16 to 1, That was quite as
disastrous, The State in 1896 was carried
for McKinley by 53,768 plurality on the free
silver iasue, The Swedes and mixed foreign
population are thrifty and sound-money men
every time. They will not experiment with a
rag-baby currency. Jones merely obeyed
Bryan's orders and yet he was fretted over
Bryan's caustic remarks as to the result of
Jones's campaigning in Minnesota, Then

| Bryan ordered Jones to play the same issue
jin their reapective turns in South Dakota,
Nebraska and Kansas. Imperialism was acoffed
at in those three States and the Democratic
orators quickly reported that “There was no
use bucking against the American flag.” They
added that whenever the flag was seen there
was the wildest cheering and there was no
sense in advocating a doctrine which would
“take a kink in one of its folds.” Free silver
took well enough in South Dakota and Ne
braska,

Next Bryan ordered Jones to play imperialism
and free silver at 16 to 1 1n Ohlo, the President's
own State, Bryan solemnly declaring to Jones
“We have great possibilities in Ohio.” It is not
betraying confidence to say that by this time
Jones was tired of being pulled and hauled
about by Bryan on the different issues and as
soon as Bryan left Chicago on that occasion,
when Ohlo was referred to, the Arkansas states-
mian was heard to say, “Rot, rot, rot.”

The final orders of Bryan to Jones have just
gone out. They concern the States of Ilinots
and Indiana Everything must be done to
stir up the workingmen In these and other
States, not forgetting New York. Only four
weeks of the campaign remains. It will he
recalled that Bryan in the final week of the
campaign in 186 told Mr. Moreton Frewen the
English advocate of free silver at 16 to 1, “We
must frighten the people into voting our Ucket ”

Frewen said at the time that Bryan told
him this in the Auditorlum Hotel in this city
Bryan and Jones are now to turn their whole
campaign in Illinois and Indiana and later
in New York to agitations among labor men
In this city about 80,000 men are now out of
employment. The American Steel and Wire
Company, the Republie Tron Company and
the Federal Steel Company have been com-
pelled to down ten big factories. In

 

highest

Jones’

 

close

Indiana nearly 8,000 nen were out of employ- |

ment from the same cause. The Indiana
factories, however, have been reopened and
all the wlass factories in the Hoosier State
are etarting up

Bryan relies on Kichard Croker to raise be-
tween $4,000,000 and $4,000,000 for campalgen
purposes in New York, and Jones and his friends
at Democratic National Headquarters in this
city believe implicitly that Mr. Croker is to do
this The confidence of Jones and Johnson
and their friends in Mr. Croker’s ability to raise
Im-
perialism has failed; free coinage of silver at
16 to 1 has failed; now Bryan, as in 1896, Is to
rnake his last stand in attempting to stir up
the workingmen. Bryan is to chatter a little
more about Imperialism, but in New York and
States he'll be dumb as Rameses I on
wtol

The final burst, as in 1804, is to be on the

| labor question in an effort to agitate the work-

While on this subfect it should be
statistics are always
interesting and important, as they show the

ing men

| decline or rise of the surplus earnings of the

people, and may be accepted as a pretty sure
indication of the condition of the wage earner'sa
and the small tradesppople In 1888, the year
of Harrison's election, the per capita deposits

were $2275. In 1892 they were $2611, an in-
crease of $335. Four years later they were
| $26.68, an increase of 57 cents. In 1800 they

| were $29 24, an increase of @256, and if the
same rate be maintained through the fourth
of McKinley's Administration the in-
crease will bess 41. Tosummarize, the amounts

year

 

per capita which the people of the United
| States have been able to add to their eavings
have been as follows

Fowr years of Repub beanism, ...6...ceereeee

Four years of Democracy
Four years of Republicanism...

   

cenenesecesevnce GOS

 

SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

Falr to-day and probably to-morrow;

©

 

NARROW ESCAPE FOR HANNA.

 

Big Chank of Ice Thrown Through a Tent at
Him—Might Have Killed Him.
Cnicaaco, Oct. 4.—-Senator Hanna narrowly
escaped serious injury and possibly death at

the hands of some hoodiums to-night.
Th: Senator was billed to address «@
political meeting {n a big tent
at the corner of Sixty-fifth and

and a great crowd gath-
He was late in reaching

Halstead streets,
ered to hear him.

the soene, and = on taking his place
on the platform got a_ vociferous
greeting, lasting several minutes. He
was bowing his acknowledgements and

trying to quiet his enthusiastic admirers when
a block of foe, weighing seved or eight pounds,
crashed through the top of the tent and graa-
ing the Senator's shoulder tore its way through
the floor.

Luckily Mr. Hanna had at the moment
partially turned his body to acknowledge a
cheer or the missils would have struck him
squarely on the head, with serious if not fata
resulta. The block of ice had evidently been
thrown from a housetop in the vicinity as ft
had accrued velocity that could not have been
given to it from a nearby place.

The incident caused great excitement inthe
tent, but Senator Hanna, who waa the calmest
man inthe plioce, turned it off with a Jocular
of demonstra-

reference to |tasa new form

tion on the part of the Democratic Ice Trust,

CONTRACT OFF IF BRYAN WINS,

An $11,000,000 Deal in Baltimore Held tn
Suspense--Wording of the Agreement,

Bartimonre, Md, Oct. 4—As an indication of
the romper of the financial interests of the coun-
try pending the period of political uncertainty,
e\-Mayor Robert C. Davidson, President of the
Baltimore Trust and Guarantees Company, an-
Nouneced to-day that his company had umder-

| taken a deal involving an issue of over $11,000,000

ee

$$

of stock and bond!, with the understanding that
the contract would not be binding should Bryan
be elected President, Mr. Davidson would not
divulge the names of the promoters of the deal
or the character of the transaction, but showed
& reporter one section of the agreement, which
contained the following provisions:

“The said trust company shall immediately
and not later than Oct. 20, 1900, issue a call
for 10 per cent. of the bonds subscribed for,
which amount shall be immediately pald to
the said trust company, which company shall
hold the proceeds of sald call as trustees until
Nov. 9, 1900, when, in the event of the election
of William J. Bryan, the proceeds * * *
shall be returned to the subscribers if they
eo elect, and in the event of the.election of
William MeKinley the sald proceeds shall
be paid to the vendor on account of the pur-
chase of the * © ©

CHINA'S NEW CAPITAL,

Indications That the Change to Singan-fa Is
to Be Permanent.
From a Staff Correspondent.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

SHANGHAI, Oct, 4.—The decision to remove
the Chinese capital to Singan-fu was reached
on the advice of Li-Chwan-Ling, who was
appointed recently a Grand Councillor and
who has assumed important functions tn the
North

Later edicts have been issued which tn-
dicate that the change of capitals {s intended
to be permanent.

 

 

WILL FIGHT THE ICE TRUST.

Independent Dealers Vote to Sell at 15 Cents
a Bandred, tf Necessary.

The Independent Ice Dealers’
which haa a membership of about fifty dealers,
most of them in business in the lower East
Side, met at 81 Columbia street last night and
voted to fight the American Ice Company
regardless of profit or loss

Resolutions passed denouncing the
Ice Trust, first for raising the price to 60 cents
to oppress consumers, and then for lowering
itso as to drive small dealers out of business

One of the independent dealera declared that
his association had forced the trust to sel) ata
reasonably low price and that the association
would now compel the trust to sell at a price
which would enable small dealers to compete
withit and makea living

lt was said at the meeting that agents of the
trust had been making a canvases of the lower
Fast Side and offering to furnish Ice at 17 cents
a hundred and in some cases at 15 centa

The independent dealers then voted to meet
every cut madein theirdistrict by the American
lee Company and to sell for 15 cents a hundred
if necessary

A despatch from Gardiner, Me., says that
more than one-half of last winter's ice crop
is still unsold and Iving in the Maine ice houses
of the American lee Company A total of
890,000 tons was harvested last winter, but only
883,000 tons have been shipped during the sum-
mer. The reat of the crop will be held over
until next summer. It is also reported that a
new company !s making plans to fl@ht the
American Ice Company, but this has not af-
fected the trust’s stock, It rose two points
on the Exchange yesterday

were

VANDERBILT'S FAST AUTOMOBILE,
Alleged Wager of 810,000 That He Can Make
the Ran to Minneapolis in Fifteen Days.

MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct 4—A New York
man who ts at the West Hotel, says that on the
occasion of a dinner agiven at the Waldorf-
Astoria recently, Willlam K. Vanderbilt, Jr., bet
$10,000 with a New York banker that he would
run his new French automobile, “The White
st," from the door of the Waldorf-Astoria
to the West Hotel, in Minneapolis, in fifteen
days It is understood that the bet was closed,
and that the attempt is to be made during this
month
racing machine, very strongly constructed and
capable of great speed

  

NEGRO CHASED BY A MOR,

His Wife Appeals to the Governor of South
Caro'ina to Save Him From Lynching.

Cotumpra, 8, C, Oct. 4—Minnie Wilson
telegraphed Gov. McSweeney to-day, begging
him te save her husband, who was being chased
by a mob to lynch him Wilson, a negro, had
by accident or while drunk run into the bugwy
of J H.W) Hydrick, a member of the Legis-
lature from Orangebure — Hydrick was killed
and his wife injured. Wilson to-night fled
to the Sheriff for protection and was brought
to Columbia to prevent lynching

The Wisconsin's Fast Ran,

San Francisco, Oct 4—The big battleship
Wisconsin arrived to-day from Seattle, making
the run in the quick time of fifty-eight houre
She was thorouglily prepared at Port Orchard
Dock for her trial trip and will leave next Tues-
da’ for Santa Barbara, where she will make the
run, The Towa and Philadelphia will act as
stake boats

Transport Ortzaba Wrecked.

SEATTLE Oct. 4-—-The steamer Orizaba, under
charter to the Government as a transport, is
now a total wreck, having run on a reef in
Behring Sea. Veasessent to herrelief found
it impossible to save her

Gen, O'Reirne for Congress,

The Republican convention in the Seve th
Congress district was held at Tompkinsville,
Staten Island, last night, and Gen. James R.
O' Beirne was unanimous y nominated

Football Penn's State Coll. vs. West Point Cadeta
ser Day Line Str. up; return West Shore RR.
—-A

 

Association |

He adds that the new automobile is a | of Meuse, and M. Ferrette, a Deputy from that

 

Se

 

 

 

 

southwest winds.

  

PRICE CENTS,

LS

BIG GOVERNMENT GAINS.

ENGLISH VOTERS INDORSING THE
SOUTH AFRICAN POLICY,

 

 

Capt. Lambton, a Ladysmith Hero, Who At-
tacked the Conduct of the War, Defeated
by a Large Vote-Gain of Eight Seats for
the Government—Conan Doyle Defeated,

Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN.

Tonpdon, Oct. 4.—This has been a great day
for the Government in the various elections
Besides increasing their majorities considerably
in many constituencies the Ministertaliate
gained on the day's polling no fewer than four-
teen seats as against a Liberal gain of three.
This gives the Conservatives a net gain of eight
Seata tip to date

A comparison of the aggregate vote cast
in seventy-one districts where elections were
held and the resulta announced to-day with
the aga@regate vote cast in the same districts
{n former elections show that the supporters
of the Government tnereased thelr vote by
21,803, while the LAberals fell 1,507 votes short,
the aggregates for to-day's balloting being
209,051 for the Conservatives and 260,606 for
the Liberals, as against 278,648 for the Con
servatives and 252,208 for the Liberals.

Again to-day, aa on previous days, there has
been an emphatio indorsement of the Govern-
ment {n the great industrial centres, Thia ts
notably the oase in London and Glasgow, which
are now solidly Uniontsat; {fn Liverpool, which
returns all Conservatives except Thomas Power
O'Connor, Irish Nationalist, who ta red@lected
for the Scotland division, in Bristol, and tn three-
fifths of Leeds

While the Government's South African policy
{s thus approved it is perhaps significant that
all the candidates luentified with the Chartered
Company have been refected. Thua, Rochfort
Maguire, Iiberal, and Mr. Cawston, Conserva-
tive, both of whom are directors tn the Bouth
African Chartered Company, have been re-
Jected in leeds and Stafford respectively, and
the company's nominee {n West Newington,
Mr. Senver, Conservative, has also been de-
feated

Returns = from the Newoastle-on-Tyne
district, the result in which was in
doubt Iast night, show that it will oon-

tinue to be represented by two Conservatives,
Capt. Lambton of the cruiser Powerful, whose
men saved Ladysmith and who attacked the
policy of the War Office, was overwhelmingly

| defeated, polling 4,000 votes leas than his near-

@st Conservative opponent.

James |.aurence Carew, who has represented
the College Green (Dublin) constituency um
opposed since 1994, was defeated In the ourrent
elections there by his fellow Nationalist, Nantte,
polling 2,173 votes to his opponent's 2,467
Many Nationaliste took umbrage at Carew's
attendance at the Prince of Wales’s levee in
London

Notwithstanding this defeat, Carew was yee
terday elected, technically unopposed, from
Meath (South), displacing John Parnell (Par-
nellite), who had expected to be returned by
that district without opposition. At the Inst
moment Carew's friends appeared, nominated
him and deposited the fees customartly exacted
where an election is contested. Parnell, taken
by surprise, was unable to deposit these fees
and Carew was accordingly declared elected.
In a statement issued to-day Carew declares
that his return from the Meath district was se
cured without his knowledge or consent and
he offers to resign in favor of Parnell

The Hon. Philip James Stanley, Radical,
and a son of the Far! of Stanhope, who has
persistently acensed Colonial Secretary Cham-
berlain of having been connected with the
Jameson raid, has been rejected by Burnley,
a constituency which he has represented tn
the House of Commons since 1893

The Lord Mayor, who is a Conservative,
failed to wrest a seat from the Liberals at West
Southwark. Dr Conan Doyle, the novelist,
who contested central Edinburgh in the Con-
servative interest, was defeated, although in
south Edinburgh the Government candidate
was returned.

The returns up to the present show that

282 Ministertalists and 114 members of the
Opposition have been returned. The latter
number takes in Liberals, Irish Natlonalists

and representatives of the Labor party.

VILJOEN IN COMRKAND,

Boers Hoping to Keep Up a Fight tn the
Zoutspanberg District.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,

From THr Sun's Correspondent at Pretoria.

Pretonia, Oct, 4,6 P. M.--Definite tnforma-
tlon has been received here to the effect that
when President Kriger crossed the border
{nto Portuguese territory the leaders he
left behind him held a meeting at Hectorsprult
and resolved to take all the best-mounted men
and go north with the lighter guns. The inten-
tion {sto work around Pleter-bur@ and con-
tinue the final struggle In the Zoutspanberg
district.

Gen. Botha is not seriovely Il He ts suffer-
ing froma mild attack of quinsy. Viljoen, ¢he
second in command, is temporarily the head of
the Boers

State Secretary Reitz and his three sons are
now fighting as burghers in Botha’s commando
All the Boers here recognize that the struggle
is useless, but they are obstinately determined
not toabandon {t untill they are compelled to,
‘The poorly mounted burghers have been left be
hind to work their way to their homes or oress
the Portuguese border

Gen, HKotha's foree
gone north

 

of about 1,500 men has

 

——

FATAL FRENCH DUEL,

M. Marlier, the Challenger, Receives a Sword
Thrast Through the Lungs.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Pants, Oct 4 —A duel with awords was fought
to-day between M. Marilier, a member of the
Municipal Council of Bar-le-Duec, Department

M. Martier was killed by a sword
He was the chalk

department
thrust through the lungs
lenger.

Americans on the Lucanta,
Lonpon, Oct ¢—Col. William Cary Sanger,

who has been studying the German and British
for the United States Govern-

 

military system
ment, will sall for home on the Lucania next
Saturday. Mafor-Gen, Wesley Merritt, who
with Mra Merritt has been on a pleasure trip to
the (Isle of Wight, Archbishop Ireland of St
Paul and former Governor: evi P. Morton of
New York, will return to New York on the same
#leamer

lieut. Amsedrap's Expedition a Success,
Spectai Cable Despatch to THR SUN
COPENUAGEN, Oct, 4.--Lieut. Ano drup’s exe
pedition to the north has returned after afx
The expedition was highly auc
ceseful. Lieut. Amedrup exanioed and charted
the region from Cape Dalton to Ag@as Island
and thus obtained a chart of the whole ooaat of
Fast Greenland from (ape Farewell to Frana

months’ work

Josef Land

 

Mr. Choate Hack tn London,
Special Cate Despatch to THR SUN,
United Ambassador
Choate returned to london fron B
Moritz, Switzerland, wher: he went recently for
a brief vacatio On‘his return trip he stopped

LONDON, Ort. @ states

to-day

 

over at Oberammergau to see the “Pagsion
Play.”
The Laure! House, kewood,

i i: ioe Sa

The Laurel House, kewood,
Ads