Lita Nita ad 18. haheadtieabe maak Huse i ! See Te eee, ; 4 Sieh ita eX : 5, Ness ORE INNS ak Ae RITO beg ta PE eae Peed t. hy

Che

  
  

WEATHER FORECAST.
Cloudy to-day and to-morrow; moderate
temperature; west winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 35; lowest, 23.
Detailed weather reporte on last page

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sn a nn as ac a rt ee eee
a ~— Aen see eee See eet en ee aoe

QSETFIRETO —
~ OHIO HOME OF
ROCKEFELLER

\Discharged Employees Are
| Sought After Empty Oil
committee as the anti-suffragists

Cans Are Found. aiked,
— | Vote in the House on the

"rormmnn vc » | amendment on Thursday, Jan-
VISITED ESTATE uary 10, was assured to-day

ull when the Rules Committee agreed

 

 

 

 

 

 

“VOL. LXXXV.—NO. 110. te NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1917.—copvrent. 1917, by the Ben Printing ond Publishing amonaten SSC ONE CENT = Greater xew sort { TWO CNTs

SENATEVOTES |U. S. SUBMARI.
TO PROBE U. 8.. RAMMED BY F-3 IN A FOG;
‘SHIPPINGBOARD =.19 SAILORS DIE; 5 RESCUED

‘Commerce Committee Will aaa
Seek Cause of Squabbles
and Delays.

ACTION IS NON-PARTISAN

 

 

 

 

 
 

Hoover Approves Old
Time Christmas Dinner

WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.—The
_ “old fashionéd” Christmas
dinner was indorsed to-night by
the Food Administration.
“Turkey, goose and vegetables,
on which Americans dine at
Christmas. according to ancient
custom,” said the statement, “are
the very things the Food Admin-
istration wants them to eat, as
they conserve wheat, red meats,
fats and other needed war foods.
“Fittingly enough, this Christ-
mas falls on meatless Tuesday,
the day on which no red meats
are to be caten.
“Serving the old time Christ-

mas dinner on that d } ‘ r
be more appropriate. ey ved Detected on Grounds Pwo,

to Ratify When Matter TT einse Sher Tree be Used Hours Before Blaze Was +

in mince pies,” ae i chenrnchonannnnee aserensonae
nest kirt tw Bier. HOUSE T AXES
are presented special te le- ENATE ORDERS | Simaes, gooey :, sist CONGRESSMEN

     
     
       
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     

Suffragists Win
en a Test Vote

VV ASHINGTON, Dec. 18.—On
7 a test vote to-day, indicat-
ing sentiment in the House to-
ward the woman suffrage con-
stitutional amendment, the ad-
vocates polled seven more than
a two-thirds vote. The question
was on referring suffrage resolu-
tion to the new woman suffrage
committee as the suffragists
wished, instead of the elections

 

 

AMENDMENT

Pennsylvania Brewers to
spend Millions to De-
feat Reform.

 

 

Secretary Daniels Briefly
Announces Disaster in
Home Waters.

 

 

(COMMANDER IS SAVED

Lieut. A. FE. Montgomery
and Four of His Men
Picked Up.

(HAD

xEW YORK TO STAY WET

}' Daniels, Resentful, Refuses
Admiral Harris His Old Post
as Bureau Head.

 

on that date.

Massachusetts Not Expected:

 

 

 

Spectai Deapatch to Tre St
WasHINGTon, Dec. 18.—Affairs of the

‘HI’ MONDAY AFTERNOON

+ reports from States which are

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

oir nrahihition. ‘Tr Stn yester- {that unfolded rapidly under the scrutiny United States Shipping Board have dcicelilaaaale
- ! a f t to : some idea as of the Ohio Fire Marshal's Department = reached still another crisis. |
See ritade. BE Unee States COROT jcaused Tom Doreen, chief inepector for Dregident and Judiclary Also . "T° essnation of Admiral Fredetle Vessel Was Sister Ship of
See 7 % tio re here of ‘ | the State, tu announce to-night the fol- : eo) ate R. Harris, appointed only two weeks > .
‘ poRMHIE a ea ee a : 4 Sy lowing conclusions: Made Subject to Excess ago, a8 genemal manager of the Emer- F-4, Lost Off Honolulu
the ohibition me me Sse 3 a ‘ , r fficial "7; 3

; ‘iveue’ tall | Ne ; ” The finding of two empty five gal- we gency Fleet Corporation brought officia 2 res
Corgrees. The des . ches a eigg pe At tion Is to Hasten Legisla ion oll eat sae i maine of Foreat Profit Levy. Washington face to face to-day with With 26 Lives,
p fac as it is possible to do so a 1e tion That President \ a te et eae ed the fact that this important branch of
present time ! Se eee ieee the war board | arently as much speciat D ‘A to Tar S$

‘ Mav Advocate that the fire which destroyed the struc- OWORTHS FIGHT VY pistes ees Linawees sa eee rere ch an or 2 atl lB
: ALIFORNEIA. fay Advocate. ture early this morning was of inoen- LONGW ORTH'S F IGHT VAIN in need as ever of a policy that will WASHINGTON, Dee. 18. Annouce
spout Despatch to Tur Svs. —_—-—- diary origin ee abolish friction and bring results.

san Francisco, Dee, 18.—Straight

ponibition was defeated in California | CU M MINS

Py 100,000 votes in 1916, A bill to close
saloons and prohibit the sale of whiskey

FORCES

STEP)

 

and other hard liquors but to oa en | Wilson's Power to Take Over |
Roads Under Old Act Is |

wines and beer will be voted on
It is be-
Jered that the Congressional amend--
meo' to the Constitution is certain to be

e Legisiature next year.

  

  

The arrest of two discharged em-
Ployees of the estate will be made to-
morrow if they can be found,

“Evidence disclosed in the investiga-
tion has convinced me that the fire was
started by two former employees who
were disgruntled because they were dis-
charged from the estate,"’ said Doreen.

'His Effort to Exempt All
Salaried Men Defeated
by 98 to 56.

 

The long series of resignations has
| brought conviction to many that some
{baste fault, possibly in the law itself, is

at the bottom of the board's misfortunes. |

To-day this crystallized in a decision
by the Senate to conduct an investiga-
tion of the board's affairs.

ment was made by the Navy Depart-
ment to-night of the loss of nineteen
lives on the submarine F-1, which was
rammed and sunk by the F-3 in Amer -
can waters yesterday. The accident oc-
curred during a dense fog, and it is
_ considered certain that all of the miss-

     

   

   
 
 

    

ott Day's Developmente. ng have been drowned.

: sigar Nrewant WORE GAE Questioned, j hace ‘ set Wire specra! Despatch to Tra Scx y's clop 1 rhe F3 ARAeA te. pesca: Ava>o?
defeated = unles PE OBON NS ROME On Premines Before Mire. WasHinaton, Dec, 18.—The House  Te-day's developments were, the crew, which included Lieut. A. B.
wes es aw : ‘ 4 pean tiitin ‘ ' ‘ 4 tf. 5
Sat elke en Me inspectors have been able to ee voted to-day by 308 to 1 to save the po- | cares Oe OECD eae jeeptmorlery commander of the fost sub-
> i . special Deapotch to Tre Sts tablish that the two men were not a {tle ten at.’ ge rename yy Senator arding o o un ivh a Hiotor, Mire Oitk ck is
CONNECTICUT, cassis amit their homes shortly before the flames ibe al skins of its members and 1 me Wed whteh the Senate Committee on Com- aenndey. ran aie nie ee oon
Spcclal Deasatek to CRO ASHINGTON, Dec, 18.—In the expec> were discovered. On the contrary, evie the exemptions of Representatives’ and merce will at once start a searching Wrignt, New York Ts : at
Haareonn, Conn. Dee, 18 —Whether tation that immediately after the holiday dence has been obtained that these men Senators’ salaries from the excess protit nvestigation of the entire shipping This Dellaved that the two undersea
ot the Legislature, whieh convenes | recess the President will lay his railroad oe gg 4 on the ora eee ova fours tax of 8 per cent. on all of it in excess paca summoning arena sa fighters were on & practice erutke “Bul

tr 1 natiPe " < fag ‘ ‘ S e tarted. The men live in ss - : t ther par nts in the lon ‘ . aan i
fy Januars 1919, will - ify the probi plan before Congress, the Senate, on the 1‘ moe Wie an Italian district on the Of $6,000 a year, Through an amend- Ges oh wrckilae, one es . yeontne at the rigid censorship rules nw
tin nendment could not be learnec . Ka ack “ ; arr e , erasers " 2 2 “ “ J i ‘ eee ws : efinite details concernir tl aster
fenight. Gov. Holcomb and other State TOtlon of Senator Cummins of lowa, to-| ast Side. ment offered by Representative: Dillon Appointment of Charles A. Piez of can be obtained it is Show: weve
ofic'a|. declined to express an opinion, @@y ordered an investigation into the “The men were discharged after an of South Dakota the President and the Chicago as general manager of the that the navy officials tnemselves ar
- general railroad situation and its.bear-, SJtercation with the ground foreman, Judges of all of the courts of the coul-  timergency Fleet Corporation to suc res 1e exact» ‘

Ignorant at present of the exact cause

4 the tragedy,

' mam with L i ‘The controversy involved their work and try likewise will be subjected to the tax
ing on the war with a view of expediting the amount of wages duc.” Representative Platt of New York alone
the passage ot any legislation that may Doreen asserted that the former eim- voted against the repeal of the exemp-
Wrsuseton, Del, Dee, 18.—Indica- | ve required after the President has ad-|Ployees have been on the Rockefeller tion. ; ; of chief of the bureau of yards and
tos here are that the prohibition dressed Congress on the subject. grounds several times since being dis- Representative Longworth of Ohio docks, and the naming in his stead
amendment will be ratified by a vote It is not doubted that the President charged. Representatives of the Fire made a hard fight for his proposal 6  Chariesy Wellman Parks. a civil ene
@eatly in excess of the required two- wil} act in the meantime. Although Marshal's oltice believe these visits were making the tax ineffective for salaried  gineer, now in Hawaii. Admiral
ttirds. This forecast is also based on geyeral of his advisers have assured him made by the men to femiltarize thems men and men in business with no capi- Harris had been detailed to the Ship.
the vote on Nquor legislation in January, that he could go ahead and appoint a selves with the surroundings. tal or only nominal capital. This amend- ping Board and evidently expected to
117 This Is the only “wet” city in} ;aipoad administrator under the act of Tracks found in the snow and the soft ment Was jost on a vove of 98 to 56. Mr. pet nis old jot back.
Delaware, but it is believed the entire August 28, 1916, some of the ablest con- ground indicated to the inspectors that Kitchin lobbied on the floor against the By this action Secretary . Daniels
New Castle county delegation will not’ atitutional lawyers {n the Senate, it was WO men had set fire to the structure Longworth amendment. “Stand up, boys: showed plainly he did not relish the
wrlousiy oppose it. The Legislature | jesried to-day, questioned the right of and then had run away. the Secretary of the Treasury needs’ \o¢ucal of Admiral Harris to continue
dors not meet until January, 1919, but a the president under this law to take In the absence of word to-day from the money!" h» shouted when the vote +, guia the duties to which he had
ryiest from the State Grange, or Some entire control of the railroad traMc, hoid- Mr. Rockefeller the fire loss is estimated war taken. been assigned. .
tier lig body, probably would result In ing that it applies only to troops and &t $100,000. Employees of Mr. Rocke- The Dillon amendment placing the t@xX  Cyairmian Hufley igsued a statement
a special session. war materials : feller related reminiscences to-day to on the President, Justices of the Su- 4. qhicn the defended the board and
‘ show that Forest Hill was his favorite preme Court of the United States and

DELAWARE.

sucoel Despatch fo Trak sts

ceed Rear Admiral Harris.
Refiisal of Secretary Daniels to re-

The announcement of the acciden
appotnt Admiral Harris to his old post :

came from Secretary Daniels in a brief
statement which gave only few detalis
and contained 4 list of the missing and
the saved.

It is undewstood that the Navy De-
}partment will at once endeavor to at-
|} tempt to ralse the sunken submarine un
at she is in water too
operatio

er than Lieut. Montgom-

   

 

ery are:

J. M. Schmissauter, snachinist, Milt's
City, Tenn,

Henry L. Brown, gunners mate, Ma
jcon, Ga

  

 

Tce hha. This is believed by some to have de- é , th holdin udieial positions himself, asserting that under the re- Joseph J. Burns. chie® csunner's mate
lat Prey error tarred the President trom acting At once: Tart ne Rept the ChOMERGa possenstone Shere the crvolament roaches higher har tematic’ ae oe fines ee attare i | fan Pedro, Cal,
. ona bigeye sc : 1 Object Is Speedy Action. that were acquired years ago in theearly than $6,000 annually was then adopled he diane ee ee ‘S Mi BERRIES RDI PIBS COS se TUS
REIGAGO\ 1O8C Gas aaPeroValY OF ACH Foe - .... married life of the Rockefellers. on a vote of 98 to 66. This will force “ * [5 D:
gress of the dry amendment to the The Senate Interstate Commerce Come “ioredt Hill was the treasure house for President Wilson to pay an additional Non-Partisan Spirit Shown Names of 10 Drowned Men,
Federal oe ave ed political mittee will summon at once members of toys and playthings his children romped tax of $5,520, ; !
partics and factions in Il } c >

inois to the the Interstate Courmerce Commission
fact that tney must meet the iseue and of the Railroad War Board and get
squarely The trend all over Milinols their views on what ought to be done.

> The list of those lost was announce

} The Sena by 4 { ,
when the Rockefeller Tt enate by « unanimous vote pBy the Nave Department as

Daguerreo- Kitchin Defends Himself. turned its attention to the Shipping
Board A spirit of non-partisan intereat

ewttl vy
vith years ago follows.
fortune was being acquired.

John R. Beit, seaman, Silsbee, Tax.

   

       

 

 

7 an ke e 1 } ery it \ . ? ehir } 7 nd , ’ '
tg strongly against the saloon. Senator Cummins said that the main ob- SyPeS ene Me a nee a ee During” the debate Mr Ix ehin, eee plainly marked the action. Although the s Frank Bernard, machinist’s mate, Qai-
Chicago's dry election in the spring ject was to he prepared to act speedily. p ”s ps i ue ee mise ae responetbie for the tax ast o the nitlation of the movement came from {land, Cal.
Wil) attract national attention. “AS ‘phe prineipal point involved, he said, hood of Mr. Rockefeller were tn, th Representatives, made f& short speac N Senator Harding, a Republican, his sug- iMiam 1, Corson, chtef electricia: @
Chicago goes so will go the nation” concerned tie finaucing to be done. He ayer beeing: a bint poqe “defending himself from the charge’ gestion met with the warmest sort of e Long Beach, ¢
‘gs the warning sent to Hquor men all a aaed: ‘ Chests, furnitures and antiques that which have been made against him. [t yecond from the Democratic side. topyright by International Film Service James Croonan, chief gunner's mate
over the United States. The moral ef- “ity were stored there

  

y Mrs. Rockefeller fatied to arouse much sympathy or en- “y
Were consumed by the flames.

“L helieve Mr. Rockefeller
have lost his of] paintings
home," sald John Hottots, fF

“If we intend to make these lines of
transportation sufficient to meet the
extraurdinary emergency we must do
something to unite their energies so

: have a suggestion in my
thusiasm because by the exclusion Of wryion 7

suid rather. Representatives from the tax practically
an his old) avery member of the House is “in bad’
itnents at home, and Mr

c 8 mind The F-3 was one of the old type and more than a score of men were Se ete,
whieh T cannot forbear making to the of submarines in the United States drowned. Owing to her many mis- lee Brlindeleie
Senate, ue ts} articularly to ad- : : is class, “tph

dress the chalrman of the Committee a, Navy. A sister submersible, the F-4, haps she had become known at a fnudley Stouzh, chief gunners mate

fect of the second city in the country
ering dry would be fatal in many
Sates, wet campaign managers adinit.

 

electriclan first

         
 

 

hirty-nine

  

     
 

      

   

 

For this reason, one leader sald, the) i. 0+ the various railroad managers with hia cons p : Gommarceil anid sanaton Handing. ie sank off Honolulu several years ago “hoodoo ship.” __ | Vallejo, Cat
pee tum heaven and earth” to uid t feel «ane ahiieatian ta the 2¢atS @.sardener on the estate. __,. Kitchin ts held responsible for it, 1 were not a member of the minority re ie 7 erik ;, Charles F. Vincent. clectr Ex-
mee Chicago” wet eine ae eed bond holder so. far as the Dr. H. T. Biggar, Mr. Rockefeltor'a Mr Tongeworth is not by any, mene and thereby subject to the possible sua- 4 { te al

The crucial point in the whole fight; Stock an’ bond holt tion of particular physician and companion when the lat- through with his feht to repeal the “tax picion that some partiean motive might | | { Thomas A. Walsh, machinist'a mate
in tlinots will be the control of the Management and operation o yer ter {a In Cleveland, expressed his convic- on brains’ by which earned incomes be inyolved I would put my Fugegestion Tiiiiyard, Was)
Pitty-first General Assembly, the mem- rele eS aay that i? the tion that Mr. Rockefeller would rebuild above $6,000 are subject to an additronal «) the form of a resolution.” j Clyde W. Wyatt, machinist's mate
ere of which will be elected in No- eoame SMA * Bee a }

     

; n and continue to s rere. tax of S per cent, while unearned In- The attention of the Sen .
Venber, 1918 The party candidates railroad matter is thrown into Congress " ' $ p on enate was in

. eerie nash iaeeenioeiinbestloem comes escape this burden. He will re- stantaneously aroused. Here was the.
nol he nominated at the primaries in| by the President a fight is to ensue be- new the fight in the Ways and Means crisis which elght months of unremit- | {
‘ oer, 1918, Mayor Thompson, who, tween radicals and COnRGrYALVes: ONS) 400 SOLDIERS IN FIRE PERIL. Committee after the recess and try to ting squabbling between Shipping Board !

a

award KH Hall, machinists ate
SYSTEM FAILS *ise2.o. 0
Ray FE. Scott, electrician Vallejo, Ca!

 

      
   
  

 

zo to the Senate, is expected the guarantee feature. Senator

 

normal year, and such a plan would do streets, in which 406 soldiers were quar-
an injustice to the weaker roads. I tered.

shall propose a plan by which’the mar- All the soldiers, it is be'ieved. escaped.
ket value of railroad securities, aver- ek ee OE

aged over a period of five years or more, BUTTER AT $567 A POUND.

shall be taken as the basis for a guare
| President

" ar } » , t ste » ¥e wr > * { be » Sri? rr . .
the frat £0 ths SNR: DE Ae a nD ae ee nines | ann Renee 98 ANS -PeOapae RAIN O, for a bin amram tor-tiret pure poration ‘fnallyhad precipitated. Seva: tee Seatat [saeehctt men mate
‘ate and & ay nation. Commmfttes, announced Hay A RAE en en oe broke mete. Longworth paid hia yeepaois e ae ao not Rhetieve’ that this Congress | Fleet of Big Gotha Airplanes “Vorwaerts” Publishes Evie | mate, 1s Angeles. nae ae 7
EEO MEY ‘i ae Rot be-fair, ip ee out early this morning in the “Knights ig See tip AAdacnel ere on ‘thet making a. provision E for investigation | Penetrates Interior Dis- dence Showing Food Allot- | Denver, Col e aR it ahi ig A.
ten eitt Despatch to Tae Sex. | the “basis: of 1816, which was on ab (Of Columbus Hal, State and Sixth |spleriae and. jaltan repeal the tax on (Shipping Boant. 1 am. not yielding to. triets of City. ment Insufficient. Duncan Ay Mofine, clestinan hat

the current tendency to enter into in-
nh vestigations of all sorts, but am deeply |
“Fear fur Political Skins, impressed by the failure of the Shipping | Specie! Cable Deapatch fo Tuk Sts from the ySperal Cat
“J wish I could believe that our Board in this great emergency of the London Times

motives—the motives of all of us—in nation.” ° Copymaht, Wiz, al!
adopting such a resolution as this were Then he reviewed the series of clashes
lo.” he sald, “but unfortu- #4 contentions involving Willlam Den- | nin

high and hero . man, former chairman of the Shipping ; spectacular ai

the first State in the Union to brains and industry.
‘nal. prohibition
ie The Gener Assembly meets

* Monday in January and the bill
to be passed, submitting the
Siatew prohibition to the

tf very man who was

otk ; Wash.

  
 
  

fe new nail John FP. Messange, chief machinist’
Despatch to Tarn Ses from the | Mate, Philadelphia,

London Times Grover EF. Metz, muachinist’s mat:
riohta eceaerved Copyvioht, 191%, al San Francisco,
LONDON, Dec. 18.—One of the most AMSTERDAM, Deo William L, Cartright

Cal,

raids that Lendon has dence

iuhts reaerced,
18.—Striking evie
of the collapse of the German im-

  
   

fFeaman, Frees

antee. This would represent public!

opinion on the value of the railroads.”

 

Recelves Some for

         

    

       

 

. : rislature t niely -e that impels us to com- > tak o : : T
4 : ; ‘offic a oa Fed 1 Corporation Christmas Dinner, Tee aussiy {s a ase for our po-, Board, and Major-Gen, Goethals, former | suffered took place to-night when sev- perial food department's system {s fur- American Underwa Tragedies.
ed lis office because he * edera r . i § } ‘ : : 3 ney F : eee tsot (a Stel J : c e 919 - :
1 cadctal STA CEN pees an amend- Kor ® ; Waaittnoton, Dec, 18.--President Wil- litical skins, endangered, as some of us eee 7] ip Rm areency Fleet rae jeral big German airplanes of the Gotha nished by Vorwarrts, the leading Social- ae hee ah, rend the F-1 broke
het to the State Constitution A bill introduced to-day by tepneeent son received to-day a pound of butter believe, by the criticisms that have been aeieat aria wine ie Sewenaalt tiatits itype appeared over the metropolis in the ist organ of Germany, which publishes port ae roe gs tna a sea a
te anes ; e yisconsin ; 1 riste ¥ ¢ : BS 5 g im : P laf onville, Cal “he little se:
+ big weecing majority for ai eederel corporation to acquire rail- for his Christmas dinner which cost peaore Yeas Congress “for phasing "669 are correct our shipping programme for | light of a bright crescent moon and a confidential memorandum showing fighter crashed into a. pier eae:
I nthe tw) ieuses, One hun- . : $587, Uon . . 4 i , ta~ opped a large number of bombs. that the ratic Drantrien an : . nt POT re ge et ee gee sues
Gre ele a ae in Kentucky | toed equipment and ‘ease it 0 the It was made by Mrs. C. E, Faster-' “While I would oppose this resolution Se Sern eOL TERy ee i: very oo pire the interior districts of the city Pe +  PAOnS appointed by Count von arifted ut to sea, gradually filling with
ar under the county unit; Toads. The oe apie aus i day of Marbie Rock, ta. and auc- ‘on its merits to the last ditch, however, © DUE AG DE PORES Fe ANA suffered severely and many bombs were Waldow's department are entirely insugf- on and drowning two sailors who |
law, which has been in force seyeral | $100,000,000, which migit 8 ee tioned ata fair by the Red Cross auxili- 1 realize that the Yuletide season 1 Cites Destroyer Programme. dropped also in the oulistag regions fisiont for war industrial workers. The} ay eePin& on hoard
Ye aA ara cea to be F #' {to $400,000,000, The corporation wou aries of Union and Scott townships approaching and that we are about to Pie greates American submarine

  

NO QueS-' ye modelled after the Panama railway

“The Senator will recall MWkewise that |
voting dry. IM j\and shipping corporations, with the Gov-

Rear Admiral George Washington Capps |tionally heavy gunfire and British aire ¢4,,.

The raiders were met Dy an excep- paper devotes six columns to the revela- | tragedy came on Mar

 

it’ Kentucky adjourn for the Christmas holidays, and 1 25, 1915, whes

 

 
    
   

   
 
   

the publfeation of which Count von’ the F-4 failed to come ! nar
; ; any , t cherished friends " " t r 1 1 "€ "al ‘ ‘ , me. £0 the Muntace
e with one or two isolated , h tock, butid! es 1 see many of my most ch has come and gone,” interrupted Senator , planes rose to meet them, t is believed | wWaldow forbade { durir ne uvre 1
; d ernment owning all the stock, butiding sigs a } 8 | ' went (Pe a aldow forbad during mancwuvres off Honolulu. A Lev
feeptions, wherever a vote has been. and leasing cars and locomotives to the Thanksgiving Smokes here with hageard faces que to thie lone Gallinger. that several battles In the afr occurred The municipality of Neukoeln, a atb-! tenant and twenty-tive sailors Se
- ‘iat eounty has been voted dry. railroads. All the corporation's direc- Make Soldiers Happy o} meD AD ee on ae ' Fae, “There have been so many changes,"! An official announcement says; urb of Herlin, examined the food diff. drowned, and only « few of the bodie
, 08 on the prohibition question so, tora would be members of the Interstate have received fo having put 4

Senator Harding went on, “that it ts not:

within my ordinary memory to recall
and clergymen and exempted themselve# 4... aq), | an

culties and set f
forbidden memor

wtile afrplanes crossed the Essex hy the results in the were recovered

 

  

‘ vet ee
is been done by the “eounty unit’ | Commerce Commission except the Sec- profits tax on physicians and lawyers Kent coast about 6:15 o'clock and dum. From this it The F-4 was one of the tatest models

 

d: that is, the entire county: retary of the Treasury. Its general | 66\OUR gift of cigarettes came I talked very recently to a| proceeded toward London, Some of | appears that, the rations being tnsuff- of Amertoan submarines, and c eat
; : ’ . Yy tlon thereof, So under Ay asa . : ed ti k ; : tomarines, and cost $500.-

whether any town within, manager would be a practical railroad > ; from the opera : great captain of industry who has under | ratlers reached the London dis- | cient for the workers, the managers of 900. she was a trifle over , fea
vag as a very pleasing mes | ¢h6 circumstances I am prepared, unless Sey & tine af coniteabileh tok tha Aiey | the rail isa trifle over 142 feot long

res would be allowed to sell) man.
! Wherever the net income of a rall-|
road exceeds 7 per cent. on its invested
capita) the corporation would take 70,
Spacia! per cent, of the excess to buy equipment. |
pectal Deapaich 10 THR BUR, Senator Sterling of South Dakota tn-
Dec, 18.—George W.! troduced a resolution for appointment
rintendent of the Maryland | py the President of a general freight!
League, announced to-! traffic director to coordinate transpor-
hight that the prohibitton amendment | tation facilities. The resolution was re- |
Missed In Congress will be pressed for | ferred to committee without action.

war industrial concerns, of which there 16 feet 19 Inches

triet and dropped bombs. Bombs also \

and he made the starfling siatement that | were dropped in Kent and Essex, are about 1,890 f:
hiv plant was constructing for the Untted | Reports gf casualties and damage the example of
eedrerersenmeenenesrTst Staten Navy more destroyers than there) pave not yet been received. Our guns large employe ;

are In the world to-day. and airplanes were both in action, visions, gener: far above the maxi-  hourr

PETERS IS ELECTED “If that be true, certainly a capable } mum prices, These provisions they re- On

F BOSTON (ana efficient «nipping board could bring : s tailed, to the workers, sometimes at pre-' appeared
MAYOR OF O to the service of the nation {n this} DRUNKEN OFFICER DISMISSED. Seribed prices, sometimes more, ‘lulu for a submerged run. When at the

crisis a merghant marine somewhere | \ This course, a! first adopted by large edge of the harbor and in about t
Defeats Corley by eore Weteh | ore esis with our anasant heads.” |Memtenant Rent Rack From France. (0"ern®, excited the Jealousy of the fathome of water she sunmereed, th
—City Goes Wet.

With this for his premise, Senator s means, who,

sage at the close of our Thanks-
giving dinner,” writes J, Eugene
Hart of Base Hospital No. 15 to
a SUN Tobacco Fund contributor.

“Am burning them up while
munching turkey and pie,” says
Private George M. Shellhase.
Their postcards and others are

deep sand

‘the resolution might be amended, to
swallow it with as good grace as I can.”

eee ‘ ‘ 15 feet 3%
Neukoeln, following inches beam She wae designed for «
the Iwrupps and other orulstug rodtus of 2,400 miles, and hac

ought thelr own pro- been tested #1 bmerged for twenty-fou

 

MARYLAND.

    

 

 

morning of the day ehe dis
she left the harbor of Hone

 

  

 

 

    
 

 

 

  

 

oe ; 3 sb, Wakao Mune emalter employers with a believed that the eseane of chlorine cas
nite te 7 by the Jasislature By ga — | printed on page o. Seta | Harding then led up to his resolution, | fe Ue S, - é ror me t on MINg SrOubie: trom the batteries that furniehed he:
. anuary, © expresse 1e opine | 7 ' los follows: ! Ry the Associated Press receiver euppor NM ACQUITINg underwater pawer overcame the ere
lon that it would receive a majorit MAN SIDE OF ROADS. | : ; . ' Boston, Dec. 18.—Andrew J. Peters, | which follows: , sods in this fl! rate way. Ultle - rs 5 ren e crew oF
vote Twentyethrne ue armas are HU . | The information soatained io former Assistant Secretary of the Treas: | Resolved, THA She Committes on oe 1 a AMERICAN th : fe ciathly the Neukoeln Muniepal Saunall age ane ee “ae damaged by some
. re “wholesale Uquor dealers Gibbons Opposes Public || these notes gives an nkling of || ury, was chosen Mayor of this city to-| Commerce or any sub-committee there- | FRANCE, Dec. 1S.—-From several recent) oe ane discontent among the work. — ee eUNe) : ; ,
brewers and saloonkeepern say they Cartinel ” oP what the soldiers will enjoy on || day by a plurality of 9,074 votes In one! of be and hereby fs authorized and di. | trials by courts-nartial {t ts evident that 01.” was obliged itself to purchase pro-! 4 At any BALD, Hever Ahpeared 0
t ; 7 7 o rahi : st sharply contested elections sobriety and proper conduct on the part : P the ace again, and it was not une
- * been hit so hard by taxes and} wne P- Christmas day, thanks to the |! of the most sharply conteste a rected to proceed at once with an {n- | $0) y an , ’ visions and distribute thein among the , !

of officers will be insisted upon at all
times,

The latest case is that of a Lieutenant
of tho Medical Reserve, who was con-
vieted of drinking with enlisted men And

in local history. twenty ‘four hours later that grapplers
ovated her aunken buil Buch wara the
conditions of the harbor that {! war ove
months before the
raised to the surt
submarine had }
the bodies were lost

STRANSKY PAINTING STOLEN

"dverse Jegialation that they cannot! Special Deapatech to Tue Sux.

’ he sauck. herder, | Rarttaore, Dec, 18.—-In an interview
nae toners! opinion was expressed !i, the Catholic Review discussing "The |
iringe ptime is not opportune for] tuman Side of the Rallways” Card)- |
‘ Pane. the seas in ‘the Incoming nal Gibbons takes 9° decided stand|
not aincten Since its member Were) aeaingt public ownership of railways.
Herbert. Wonder the prohibition issue. | ane Cardinal also directs attention to|
ihe Ree selected to bo Speakers. tendency of labor organizations to|
If prehiertian BA conta gree eden | interfere with rallroad operations, which |
law Maryland and Baltimore will be hit | Be eharnctertaes as ill advised. Cpreinat

fard by high taxere. In fac’ ty | Gibbons sald:
4nd State rit ner a will Bots, the < y “I find the efficiency of the American;
Ne ee eo ie” ratlways much ahead .of the Burepeea |

| westigation of the programme, prog-
Mayor James M. Curley, who sought! yess and all matters connected with
reelection, ran second; Congressman the pullding of merchant vessels under
James A. Gallivan wae third; Congress-' tye direction of the United States
{man Peter F. Tague, fourth, and James gyipping Board Emergency Fleet Cor-
|O'Neal, fifth. With the exception of; joration and report {ts findings to the | dissracing the military service by being none ine workers because the large
oldiers happy and contented— || Mr: O'Neal, who t# a Boctalist and .4n) Sonate at the earilest practicable day, | intoxicated while in uniform. The Tigue|l concern, in view of the indreaaine food
7 happy and contented as it is |} °" stickers, the eendiaates are Demo-| together with such recommendations | tenant ge i Bisnlaned, reth She ering sh@rtage, absorbed all of the avaliable
: | ertic in national politics. see fit to make as to remo. | And sent back to tho United States un-) po0q  sgany municipalittes followed thetr
possib @ for them to be—even || The official vote follows: Peters, 87. Hg Aer difficulties aie | der guard, eharn Th se W hich rg patace
after this gay Gongon has paveed. | 926; Curley, 28,850; Gallivan, 19,416; on ! to obey the regulations are confronted, Taken From Train Near This C4
ere Tague, 1,694, and O'Neal, 345, | Inquiry Service to Nation, ASKS WHAT CREEL'S MAT ARN TA.) ie ceetact ta. tia’ toed Sunni ae UA: Near 5 ty

One wer, to help a little bit is |) The city went license with & slightly «1g, not care to introduce this reso- ———— passible tasies dy the near future, says —Valued at 82,000,
n

fund’s friends who contributed
so generously toward the holiday
package giving. Right now is the
time to remember that pro-
vision is necessary to keep the

amall industries, necessitating the con-
‘ travention of the maxttinum prices

Untll the beginning of October satis-!
factory conditions were inaintained by
these means, but later discontent arose

 

  

  

rine was
time the
‘ne of

       

     

 

that other

change, Friday afternoon. There
will be no admission fee, but the

to he founa. th eee if nave transportation system. The Government by attending the entertainment emigre a ee ea i wna lution of Investigation,” sald Mr. Hard- senate Resolution Also Wants ‘lic memorandum, special Deapatch fo Tum Se
iMsue that ihe few rena tain Met wou, (owned railways abroad cannot be com-|| at the Consolidated Stock Ex- ‘ Laat Year the vote | ing. “and be subjected to the intimation Light on His Staff's Cost, LEYELAND, Ohfo, Dee, 18.--An ott
Hes in the State voted sav4 by large | Pared with the privately owned Ines in | that it is a partisan interference or sug-

" ‘ ity painting valued at $2 000 rvart of ¢!
| was: Yes, 63,417; no, 30,328, a majority ikedinanonn Das ihiesA neaplution vat itt 1 al to part of the

$60,000 FOR WILLARD FIGHT.

ma y . But the winning of th - |
najorities when prohibition was sub-|this country either in service oF the | j gestion, Ht ® @ war de-|

Stransks

of 23,069. 1) of Conductor

| fority of 28,485.
i
!
'

   

 

  

{ feat Hee, : ener ne -eeeernteaeanenee sting the Committee on FPublie In- papreremad the PP yor Noclets ¢ ;
Baltic? ® popular vote in 1916, is |oharans for, exreits be a mistake to aan tt business men who will be hosts Daniel W. Lane and Councilman Continued on Second Page. | formation to inform the Senate of the Purse to Match Champion WH Go) yor) which he was bringing to ¢ ne
~ the drys were snowed undet | biic ownership of American rail-|| expect everybody to contribute || Henry 1. Hagan, who, with Mr, Peters, amount of «salaries or allowances for | aa bs PAA MERIC THO TOON AI MtUAANin Tea

TM majority of 43,509, a e euch a sina would be contrary | to the fund in exchange for the || were !ndorsed by the G od Government | expenses granted the chairmin, George | kn Red Crane. Wan BIOIGHe ae ae A ER ie ee

vente we ! ~ spirit of our people. If the hun. | excellent bill to be offered |; Association, were elect to the City | Creel, members of his staff or others, Livin Hock, Ark.. Deo. 18—-A purse sew VorksColumbus train was ssahin

NASACUUERTTE, ade ae tana oae of railway employees | : eameendeent ; | Council, e land as to the committee’s expenditures of $60,000, whieh would be turned ov New York late this after ait

Special Deapatch to Tux Sv». | were to he made Government employees WARNING! THE SUN TO | A number of fist fights at the polling | This Is a | generally, was Introduced today by to the American Red Cross, was off Wi ws and one of the side doors ef

Bostos, Dee, 18,—-Robert A. Woods, | and the immense funda of the rallways re - |! booths, several arrests, wholesale chal- | Senator Gallinger, the tepublican leader, here to-night tor a fent betwee: the yr were emushed by thy

 

BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organiza-

ro lhe

*1 Vreetor KMredertek Allen Whiting of

‘the Cleveland Art Musoum wan notified
»thert in a despat fi Colunibus

 

lenging of votes and an alleged attempt
{to “stuff” a ballot box were among the!

or publication. It employs || exciting features of the day, Heavy,
o , per guards of police officers were stationed

rs,
no agents or nolicito ' ty each of the 993 voting precincts

i .

| It was referred to the Appropriations Willard and the winner of th
| Committee, Tate fight iy {

| A general statement of its expend!- The offer
| tures, without the salary list, was sent The fet ae

Ig the House recently by the committee, or 18 i “ tim

 

lal worker and the number of | were to be handled by tho Government.
the ‘nsing board of Boston whom! agencies we would build up a central
2 Mocail displaced tn the first year) power that would use the employees for
“ senbd | politica! pu and would bring about)

' corrunjon of the woret charactor,

Wheatless Day

    

ro

 

oll wed on Thted Page. ‘ | ‘

     

te ene