Frainay, DecEMBER 23, 1919
r Snow or rain to-day or to-night, clearing and
colder by tomorrow night.

 

Sa a ,

“PRICE TWO CENTS.

—~—— — = - ———— Leta

VOL. LXXVIII,—NO, 114,

 

o++NEW YORK,

ee eae a ak cee ate cae

3{ FIREMEN KILLED BY WALL scin<,cvrs for podion of vir cow! ATRMANVANISHES IN THE AIR
~~ psec ae the spread of the tlames | a

Srariy all the original army of fire tighter’! vy woRD FROW GRACE, WHO

an ae acu “~— were) LEPT CALAIS FoR DUVER.

Laeut. Charles Birkey of Engine Com- i |
pany 53, one of the survivors of the explo- | When Last Seen Nephew of Former New | the Ithaca station to-day a young man

1910.—: opuright, 1910, by the Sun Printing vad Pubdliahing Association

"FLED FROM MILITARY SERVICE

secle. Dike When the Black |POUNG GERMAN, U.S. CITIZEN,
Diamond Express, the fastest train on | LOST PAPERS AND MONEY.
the Lehigh Valley Railread, puffed into i.
| Went Home After 12 Years to See Parents

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23.

  
 

  
 

  
 

   

DR. COOK ARRIVES
AND HEARS UPROAR ”

    

 

 

 

| $30,000 nONUS TO PRESIDENT.|

 Seeeseee of the Central Trust Co. Vote it }
te J. N. Wallace for Services. |
At yesterday's meeting of the trustees |
jof the Central Trust Company after!
| dividend action and the voting of $50,000 |
| bonus to employees a bonus of 850,000
Was voted to James N_ Wallace, presi-

MILES ON ENGINE'S PILor.

mM
Penniless Young Man Nearly Frezen in

 

 

 

CHICAGO) STOCK YARDS DIS-

TRICT: IN| DANGER.

72

 

 

tire Beyond Control After Twenty Hours |

Fighting—Mllten Dollars Damage 40D, worn out by the demands that had York Mayer Was Headed Out te Sea | {l! from the pilot. The man was) sag was searched and Ordered to Re- | : | ;
j : A been made u hi Pia ei ; Adolph Jerge, a penniless native of , dent of the company, in recognition of | U
a ae 2 SNe ee | come by the ste Reggie ae 1: tnstond of for the Hngiieh Coast-—-lad | Massachusetts, who was out of work | pert fer Army Duty Escaping, He his services Mr Wallace succeeded Ship $s Cabin Breaks Into a .
Fire (Chief Among =the : 1 Flewn to France in the Merning. baad anxious to get home to friends and | Walked to italy. Served in Our Army. | Frederic P Olcott after the latter's | 4

death. He haa been with the company | Riotous Clamor as the 3
since youth. rising to the presidency from a
Vessel Is Docked. ;

a minor clerkship

Mr. Wallace is also a director in the,
G. WASHINGTON BRINGS HIM

Hanover National Bank, Brooklyn Heights |

Dead: | night directing the work of another com- |

\ H1ca9@, Dec, 22.— Fire Marshal James | Sees a Company whose captain had been sheltér for Christama Day He had

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN ht th l f the Di a’
ry, .
Horan and thirty of his comrades to-day Lonpon, Dec 22. Cecil 8 Grace, the | aot ee —
: : A terrific battle was waged to, prevent | ho. th Bri b ig (0% the train was leaving Geneva a

cave up their lives in « disaster that the| the flames spreading to Armour & Com. | Vitor: Who: t ough @ British subject. 18 | crouched behind the smokestack so that
eteran fire fighter had feared for years. | pany and other king establishments. | nephew of the late William R. Grace, | the engineer and fireman could not see

Twelve hours after the five chieé has | Cometéas eae were kept playing | twice Mayor of New York, flew across | him. ;
carned the Council committee on build- | 00 the front of these structures, while the |the Channel from Dover to-day com: ee in that ee faa ve meee
nee (hat Walther fee Oikiing anclaness Gon. blown in all directions by the} peting for the prize of $20,000 offered lis Chane Gee ee Whee
w " e
were needed in the stock yards at once end, aided by the draft created by their

| A member of the crew of the Kéenigin
Luise, which arrived on Wednesday from
Gibraltar and Mediterranean ports, was
John Klein, a young German American,
who when he divested himeelf of oe pany, Missouri, Kansas and Texas Rail-

clothing of a pavtryman on the liner told) Vay Company, National’ Railroad of |
a story of his révurn to the fatherland and | Mexico, National Railwaya of Mexico. |
his escape from the German military a- | Rinse Gene Steel and [ron Company.

Railroad, Brooklyn Rapid Transit Com- ,

Pressed Steel Car Company, New York

by Baron de Forest for the longest | he
wn heat, li ; * here he was almost uncon-
he had been trapped and two entire com- - » licked the very walls. aeroplane flight beginning in England and

ending on the Continent, or vice versa.

panies of firemen had been wiped out in |
After losing his way in a fog Grace

just such a fire as he had predicted.

The flames destroyed the new beef
house of the Morris & Co. plant at the
vards, spread to several smaller structures
and tor hours threatened to sweep the
varde In addition to the losa of life the

fames deatroyed property worth $1.00, -
ow,

Shortiy before midnight word was sent
from the yards that the fire had burned
through the big wall protecting all the
warehouses of Morris 4 Co. and the flames
were expected to jump to these structures
momentarily

A strong sout wind is fanning the
flames and every available fire company
n the city has been sent to the yards in
an endeavor to prevent the spread of the
fames

It was due only to the stubborn fight
waged by the firemen from every section
of Chicage rather than the fire appliances
and water pressure at their command
that they kept the flames from the Ar-
mour and Swift plants close about the
site of she ruined be:f house
Out of the mass of conflicting reasons
advanced during the day for the trapping
of the men one fact stood out sharply—
that the men, with Chief Horan in their
midst, had been killed without a moment's
warning while endeavoring to reach the
seat of the fire in the basement of the
hiaging structure
There wasan explosion. but it was not of
an ammonia tans. as at first was supposed
The explosion was declared to have been
due only to the expansion of the atmos-
phere in the airtight cold storage house
The fire marshal and members of
Engine Companies 18 and 59 were the first
to arrive at the fire, which was discovered
shortiv after 4 o clock in the morning
Chief Horan at once took charge of the
men and directed the streams of water
that were played into the basement

A few minutes later he ordered the men
who were handling the hose into the
bexlike canopy that covered the freight
platforms and freight tracks

“Get the water into the basement or the
whole yards are as good as gone.” he
velled. Then the chief sprang upon the
platform and seized an axe to break down
the locked doors to the basement

A moment later there was a violent
wrenching and creaking, and for a frac-
tuon of a second the roof lifted up into the
sky and permitted the furnace of flames
to be seem by the crowd about the ad-
joining building»

“Look out, men, we're " Tt was
Marshal Horan's voice that was heard
n his last warning to his men Before
he completed the sentence the wall upon
which they had been playing the water
had lifted up and toppled down upon
the canopy, which in turn sank down
upon the firemen below

By a combination of circumstances
that is looked upon by the firemen as
almost providential Assistant Fire Mar-
shal Seyferlich arrived and was crossing
the tracks to reach the blazing building
at this moment. He was only a few feet
beyond the range of falling walls and
blazing timbers, and as a consequence
escaped unscathed.

Without a word the now acting fire
marshal took up the command of the
men where the dead chief had left off
4 fireman who had been stunned by a
fying timber fell into his arms and was
dragged back to the tracks and beyond
danger. Then Marshal Seyferlich ran
hack to the ruins, and for the first time
realized the extent of the catastrophe.

The struggle to find Marshal Horan's
hedy was participated in at times by
Mavor Buase, Coroner Hoffman and vari-
cos Aldermen, every one a personal friend
of the dead man, who froin time to time
sent orders or lent a hand in digging into
the d4bria in an effort to uncover the
todies of the firemen

The one hope that buoyed the firemen
on to renewed efforta during the day was
‘hat men atill might be alive in the ruins

Onee when Marshal Seyferlich was |

‘rtainghe had heard a groan from he- |
neath the ruins Mayor Busse, followed by
Ogden Armour, clambered over the

of steaming wreckage and with their
own hands endeavored to pull away the |
nNeavy timbers and torn bite of freight |
are i

The work f the firemen was hindered |
“<a ‘ong string of freight cars that were |
rtand ne on the side track in front of the)
A awitch engine was hurried |
to the «net and in spite of the danger of
falling walle and timbers pushed into the |
fame and attached to the cars {
moving

ie

pie

platfor

‘s the cars were started
mething unexpected happened The
soov had heen resting on them, and

apeedd just as fast as the cara were
awn from beneath it.

© rernoval of this timber revealed a|

' that brought tears to the eyes of}

sands of the spectators who were!

'

erohed on buildings and cars and the,

nia sooden runaway just opposite to!
ring building '
'a oon the tracks hetween two

{ cars was found the body of

ane, 168 years old, a boy switch
apparently had rieked and | vst
in effort to couple the cars pre
to minning them out of the fire
wild reperts ctreulated
hac heen a se@end explosion
fourteen me had perished,
ogc onirmed
any firemen were digging in the
Deerfoot Farm Samseages.
easc@ knowledge of the danger ‘o

eh carelessly prepared food, con
stow more faatidious {m their selection. |
CY? means purity and cleaniiness.—Adr. |

‘come into New

The dripping water froze until an ice
sheeting more than an inch thick was
formed. The flames, however, melted
this every time a puff of wind blew them
against the buildings.

Men were overcome so rapidly by smoke
and the heavy vapors from the hide room
that ambulances from all the hospitals
in the neighborhood were called into
requisition and physicians from near by
aided the hospital doctors in tending the
half suffocated firemen.

Fire insurance men who investigated
the fire asserted that if water could have
been had at the outbreak of the fire it
could have been put out with little trouble.
There was no water in the private mains
inside the house, however, and no reason
for this deficiency has been discovered.
The city supply outside the building was
ample

During the evening, just at a time
when the tiremen believed that they had
the fire well under control, the flames
broke out with rehewed energy in ware-
house No 6, adjoining the structure in
which the fire originated.

The second building, a six story struc-
ture that was used as a cold stor age and
slaughter house, blazed up with such
fury as to threaten all of the adjoining
property of the Armour and Swift plants.

At ® o'clock in the evening acting Fire
Marshal Seyferlich sent in an order for
five more engine companies and more
men From that time until midnight
the doubled force of firemen struggled
to prevent the flames from spreading
throughout the yards

The body of Assistant Fire Marshal

Burroughs was found lying near one of |

the basement doors. an axe still tn his
hands His face was down and his arms
above his head, as if he had been struck
down just as he was about to deal a blow
with the axe

PERISHED ON GREAT SOUTH BAY
Frozen Bodies of Missing Man and Boy
Recovered.

Sarvinur, 1.. 1, Dec 22
from Patchogue sailing

A duck hunter
in a scooter

; across the Great South Bay this morning

saw a dark object lying on the ice and
tacking toward it found that it was the
body of aman. The skull was fractured
and the clothing showed that the body
had been in the water. Leonard Gordon,
the duck hunter, took the body on board
his boat and sailed back to Patchogue,
where an examination of the clothes
showed that the dead man was George
F. Brown, a well to do man of Sayville,
who with his nephew, Edmund Williams,
1t years old, had been missing since
Wednesday afternoon, when they went
out on the ice in Brown's soovoter

Gordon telegraphed to Sayville and
then learned that the boy was missing.
He was told that Brown's scooter had
last been sighted a mile and a half off
Sayville just at dark on Wednesday
night. Taking John Smith, an ex-
perienced bay man, with him, Gordon
Started to search the bay for Brown's
scooter, hoping to get some trace of Ed-
mund Williams. The searchers remem-
bered that the wind had been blowing
half a gale in the direction of Fire Island
beach on the ocean side of the bay and
they coasted along the island They
found the seooter in Long | half
way between the Blue Point and Bell-
po@t life saving stations, and half hidden
under the boat's forward deck they found
the body of the boy. It was frozen stiff
and the clothes gave evidence that he
had been in the water

The bay men, figuring on the details
of the tragedy, decided that Brown had
been thrown from the scooter when the
craft, built to sail on ice or in the water,
struck an ice hummock, and that the boy,
left alone in the boat, had heen inable
either through fear or exhaustion to
handle the craft or lower the sail

ove

TURBULENT AT LINERS PIER.

“Majer HM. MH. Rutherford” of Army and
Two Friends Arrested.

A man presenting a card reading “H
H. Rutherford. Major, Medical Corps,
United States Army,” and two compan-
ions who announced themselves also as
army officers got into trouble with the
customs officiale at the North German
Lloyd pier in Hoboken last night because

 

lof their insistence upon entering the
pier without proper passes All three
were arrested and were taken to the

Hoboken City Hall, where they gave bai!
for their appearance this morning before
the Recorder

Major Rutherford’s companions de-
seribed themselves as Daniel K Mevers
of 601 West 142d street and Ed. F. Albert
of 105¢ Sterling place, Brooklyn. Their
names, in that form, do not appear in
the army register of the current year.
The army register shows the name of
Henry Ho Rutherford, a Captain in the

| Medical Corps, who joined the volunteer

forces of the United States aa a Firat
Lieutenant assistant surgeon in 18%, from
Missouri. Major Rutherford. who was
arrested, said that he had been in the army
twelve vears

Major H. H. Rutherford, it waa aaid
at Washington last night. is at present
attached to Fort Totten At Fort Totten
it was «aid that Major Rutherford had
York yesterday

Ocean Kare of Schooners Hegins.

PorRTLAND, Me., Dec, 22.—At dawn to-
day two sit maated achooners and three
five masters poked their noses out of
Portland harbor bound for Hampton
Road«, Va in an ocean race that has
already attracted much attention. The
vessels that left Portland were the “six
stickers” ’
and George W. Wells, ( aps. York, and the
five masters Baker Palmer, Capt. Me-
Aloney, Dorothy Bafrett, Capt. Irving,
and Magnus Manson, Capt. Tullock
New drink for Christmas dinners. Dole’s Pure

Hawsilan Pineapple Julce. Serve coid.—Adv.

Ruth EF Merrill, Capt. Wallace, |

descended on the aviation ground at
Baraques, France. gifter a couple of
hours delay there he reascended at 2
o'clock and headed for England. He was
lost to view soon after leaving the French
coast, and whether he has reached Eng-
land or not is uncertain.

No report of his landing anywhere has
reached London. About 3 o'clock coast
guards at Ramsgate saw an aeroplane
speeding north. Assuming that this was
Grace's machine this is the last thing
known of him

Grace went up the first time at Dover
at 0:26 A M. He was seen passing over
Calais at 19:45 and then all trace waa lost
jof him for a time. There was much
jansziety as to his fate in the earlier part
of the day, but it was relieved in the
afternoon when news was received that
he had finally lan@d near Calais. He
travelled as far as the Belgian frontier
and then turned back.

When Grace left Dover a heavy fog
hung over the Channel and the sea was
invisible from the aeroplane. The airman
passed over Calais at a height of 600 feet
and then attempted to proceed to Paris.
He lost his bearings and soon found him-
self on the Belgian frontier, where he
encountered unfavorable winds He
turned to retrace his course and eventually
descended on the aviation ground at
Baraques

Qrace went up again from Baraques
at 2 o'clock and headed for England.
About an hour later the coast guards
at Ramagate saw an aeroplane, presum-
ably Grace's, six miles off shore, heading
north. While they were watching it the
machine's course was changed to north-
eastward. Since then it has not been
seen or heard of

It is feared that Grace mistook the
Kentish coast for a fog bank and steered
to the eastward to avoid it. It is faintly
hoped that he may have realized nis error
later and steered southward and made
Holland or Belgium. Otherwise he will
be lost in the North Sea unless a passing
ship happens to befriend him.

The captain of the mail steamer which
arrived this afternoon at Dover from
Calais says that Grace asked him before
starting to watch for him on the passage
as he had no tug and proposed to steer
by the steamer’s smoke. The steamer,
however, was delayed by the Christmas
traffic, and Grace did not wait.

The captain saw him going seaward
at high speed at a great elevation. His
course, the captain says, was too northerly
for him to make Dover The aeroplane
was lost sight of in a few minutes.

It was ina trial for the De Forest prize
last Sunday that Grahame-White had the
closest call of his career. He fell seventy
feet with his biplane on the cliffs of Dover
and sustained a slight concussion of the
brain. Sopwith, another English aviator,
who i a* comparative novice at flying.
crossed the Channel at the same time
and landed at Beaumont, Belgium, having
| made 174 miles in a little less than three
jand a half hours
accompanied Sopwith while he was crose-

ing the Channel

Under the conditions of the De Forest
competition the prize will go to the aviator

who makes the longest distance before
December UU. imo The flight must he
made by an Englishman in a machine
entirely of English construction

Cecil S. Grace ts a son of John Grace,
whe was a brother of ex-Mayor William
R. Grace of New York defn Grace was
an English subject. Cacil is one of the
leading spirite of the Royal Aero Club of
the United Kingdom and has been very
prominent at all the British aviation
meetings this year He has never heid a
world’s record, but he got away with hia
share of prizes at Bournemouth, Blackpool
and Lanark, Seotiland Being a “gentleman
aviator” he succeeded to a great deal of
the popular hero worship that was lavished
on the Hon. (5. Kolls, who was killed at
Bournemouth

NO INTERVENTION IN CUBA.

Seeretary Knox Gives Assurances ta
Havana Department Denials.
Special Cable Despatch to TRY SUN

Havana, Dec 22 A report having
reached here of a third American inter-
vention and that two ships were already
en route to the island, the Cuban Minister
at Washington, presumably in reaponse
to an inquiry from President Gomez.
cabled thie evening that Secretary of

State Knox had assured him that the

story is unfrue

Wasuhinoton. Dec Officers of the

State and War departments denied to-day

lemphatically the report that a movement

| was in progress for military intervention
hin Cuba because of unsatisfactory po-
litical conditions there = The officials of
i\the War Department said that there had

been no orders iasued to hold troops in
| readiness to go to Cuba It was added

that there was no reason for intervention
| at present

 

»

| BARCELONA WINDOW BREAKERS,

| Rieteus Attack om Newspaper Office
j Suppressed by the Police.

| Spectal Caudle Despatch to TAR Sts

| Barcrvona, Dec 22. A crowd of people
lwho were incensed by articles appearing

in the newspaper Delumo went to the
offees of that paper to-day and gave
vent to their feelings bv «toning the

building and smashing windows

When the police arrived a collision
occurred between them and the rioters
in which several of the latter were injured
The crowd wae finally dispersed

AN ACCEPTABLE (CHRISTMAS PRESENT
Case of Selected Wines, $4.00, 65. 96.7
\= T. DEWEY & SONS CO., 136 Fulton &., N, ¥,

Ade.

No tugs or other craft
'

acious. His feet, hands, cheeks and ears
were frost bitten and hia vitality was so
| low that doctors were hastily summoned
They worked for several hours to warm
him up and he is now out of danger.

PRIVATF TELEPHONE RIGHTS.

Question in Court Whether the Owner
May Interfere With Apartment Lessce.
The right of the lessee of an apartment
to have a private telephone installed in
|his apartment without paying a tax to
the owner of the house for the privilege
was before Supreme Court Justice Page
yesterday on the application of Simon
Ruppin, a tobacco leaf merchant at 141
Front street, for an injunction restraining
the owner of the Forrest Chambers apart-
ments, at 118th street and Broadway,
ifrom in @ with the installation of
such a te in hie apartment
Ruppin sald that his business kept him
away from home for a large part of each
year and that frequently ‘ie is at great
distances. He has to leave his family
at home and wants to telephone to them
with some degree of privacy, he said He
| doesn't like to tell all his private affairs
to the operator of the switchboard in the
apartment house and also he would like
to have his name in the telephone book.
The HKroadway and 113th Street Com-
| pany, owner of the house, replied that
the company has two switchboards in the
apartment house and some one on duty
all the time. The company figures that
it costa $1.50 a month for each tenant to
pay for the telephone service and was
willing to let Mr. Ruppin have his private
telephone if ne paid $18 a year for the
privilege
Justice Page decided that it ian't neces-
sary for Ruppin to have an injunction
pending the trial, because if he wines his
| case he can collect from the company for
the money they made him pay for the
| right to install the telephone

 

 

 

VERY LIKE A STRIKE.

But Retiway Managers Will Make an
Arbitration Prepesal Te-da).

CHicaoco, Dec. 22.- an offer of artni-
tration to settle the entire controversy
between the Western railroads and loco-
motive were will he made formally
| to-morro ing by the managere
The question of its acceptance by the
engineers ia still a matter of uncertainty

Commissioner of Labor Neill prevented
a break in the negotiations to-day, but in
the evening Warren 8S. Stone, grand chief
of the Brotherhood of Locomotive En-
gineers, declared the situation hopeless
and said he did not expect any further
conference

“The managers have not offered us a
single thing more than they did six weeks»
ago.” said Stone “1 expect a letter from
Dr Neill offering arbitration, but I do

jnot believe the managers will agree to

'

| question and as I see the <ituation to-
| night, it looka very much lke a strike °
Five poims of difference remain
the settled The chief point is the pay
‘on the Mallet type of engines The othr

| gineers on transfer engines in the ( hicago | in it wrote down his daily marches and | other new monarch to wish the American |
territory, pay for overtime and jurisdice! the distances in kilometers

ition over gasolene engines

} “CRUEL RULE OF LIAN.

Jersey City Firm Pays a Girl 61,000
Court Had Decided Against Mer.
| Marie Dresch, a girl emploved in the
}linen factory of James Elliott & Co in
‘Jersey City, got a verdict for $17,500 a
vear ago against Mr. Elliott because her
arm was caught in a mangle and was
lernshed When the case went to the
Appellate Division t e judgment was re
versed because a picture of the girl in her
| communion dress, which was taken several
| years before the accident happened, was
admitted in evidence Before the case
could be tried again Mr. Elliott died
Counsel for the girl then appealed to the
Appellate Division to reconsider th’ case,
| but the Court said that while the situation
waa hard for the girl there was no way to
get around the law. Ex-Justice Leven-
tritt, counsel for the defendant, agreed
i that it was a “cruel rule of law” that had
| operated against the gir!
| The defendant company paid $1,000
|to the girl yesterday in full settlement
' of the action

 

‘yo V. CENTRAL TO BALTIMORE.

|
| Road Said te Be
fer Ocean ene.

BauLrimone, Dec. 22. It became known
‘to-day that representatives of the New
York Central railroad have been making
a quiet investigation of Baltimore's ad-
| vantages. It was said that the party
‘included two eminent engineers, two
experienced statisticians and four other
experts and that they covered the ground
thoroughly. visiting all pointa in the
harbor, particularly Port Covington, and
collecting all possible information about
the city, the Patapsco and the Chesa-
peake

A railroad official ia authority for the
statement that it ie the purpose of the
New York Central to connect with the
Western Maryland and to seek a new
outlet for its business. The investiga-
tors found the Port Covington piers of
the Western Maryland admirably located
and capable of unlimited development
The harbor is open all the year and of
sufficient width and depth to accommo-
date vessels of any size. The same au-

Another @utiet

A

|
'

 

thorities who wanted him for running
away from his military service. The way
Klein figures it out is that no notification

Dock Company, Morristown, N. J, Trust
Company, Lawyers Title Insurance and
Trust Company, Indiana Lighting Com-

had been sent to the proper authorities | pany and the Continental Fire Insurance
on the other side when he took out citizen- | Company

ship papers in Minneapolis and that there-
fore his name still appeared on the list of

HUNTS DUCKS IN AEROPLANE.

 

Says He May Not Have Been at
' the Pole, but is Sure About
Mount McKinley.

those due for service in the German army | Hubert Latham Gets @ Bird While Flying |

when he returned to his home to visit his
parents after twelve years.

Klein is a rugged young chap with red
cheeks and broad shoulders. He says)
he is 24 years old. He started for America |

on the liner St. Louis in June, 1498, when | day by killing a duck while flying at full |
He left the other | speed above the marshes. He pursued
ered | the wild fowl! far out over the Waters of |

he was 14 years old.
side as a stowaway, but was discov
when three days out. Colgate Hoyt, he
says, took an interest in him and paid
his passage to this port and gave him |
$8) pocket money to land with

After reaching New York he drifted!
West and got work on railroads, finally |
working himself into a place in the ac- |
counting department of the Northern |
Pacific Last spring his mother urged
him to come and visit her and his father |
at their home at Freimersheim bei Nainz
am Rhein. and he finally sailed on the)
Kronprinzessin Cecilie as a second class
passenger on July 12. arriving at Bremen
July 28 He reached his parents’ home|
on July 28. His mother was at the train |
to meet him and did not know him.

At Mainz Klein had bought a ticket for
the Passion Play at Oberammergau and
went there and saw the performance
He returned home on October 4 and on
October 5 while he was waiting for his
father to come home to dinner a corporal
came to the house and told him, as he
understood the matter, that he had been
fined 160 marks back in 1906 and 47 50|
marks additional for costs because he |
didn't register at the German Consulate |
in New York when he arrived
Klein had money in his clothes and paid
the charges and says that then the cor-
poral told bim that he would have to re-
port to the 117th Regiment of Infantry at
Mainz

While the conversation with the corporal
was going on Klein's father returned home
on his bievele. coming in by the hack
deor
that
into the kitehen, jumped out the back |
way and made off on the bicycle Before
that. however, the corporal had searched |
hirn and had taken. he says, all the money |

 

 

there |

Full Speed.

Los ANcEBEs, Cal. Dec. 22. Flying
from Dominguez Field to the hunting
preserves of the Bolsa Chica Gun Club,
ten miles, Hubert Latham. the French
aviator, introduced an aerial novelty to-

the Pacific before returning to the club
This evening he flew back to Dominguez

Fieid, where Glenn Curtiss was first to

congratulate him. Latham had a shotgun

\glung over his shoulder and guided his ,

craft with one hand = As he neared the
hunting preserves hundreds of wild fowl
snipe, mud hens and ducks rose from the
water. Latham fired and got a duck

JOHN R. WALSH DYING.

Se Says Mayor Husse, Whe Has Just
Visited Him.

CHicago, Dec. 22—John R. Walsh is

dying and will not leave Leavenworth

prison alive unless Presirient Taft acts

 

 

quickly on a pardon petition, according |

to Mayor Busse, who returned to-day
from a visit to the Federal prison.
Mayor Busse declared that stories to
the effect that Mr. Waish is in good health
were “nothing short of criminal lies.”
Mavor Busse spent two hours at the

 

| Prison with the convicted banker.

MAN HUNG IN ELEVATOR SHAFT

—

Head Downward Till Firemen Could
Chop Him Looser.

Charles Gustavson, a carpenter, just
escaped death in an elevator shaft at 145
West Forty-fifth street yesterday after-
noon. His leg was jammed between the
elevator and a girder upon which he was
standing while making some repairs.
This was at the eleventh floor, Gustav-
son hung head downward until released

Hospital in a serious condition

 

GREETINGS FOR GIBBONS.

 

| In a few minutes last evening Dp.
_ Frederick A Cook had a wish gratified
which he has said h» desired most earn-
estly to have gratified to find out what
the American people think of him Even
if Dr Cook, who arrived from Europe last
night on the George Washington of the
North German Lloyd Line. had stuffed
cotton in his ears and kept them plugged
‘from the time the eustoms inspectora
| boarded the liner at Quarantine until
the ship was docked at Hoboken about
SP M the homecoming explorer must
have heard the uproar of debate which
started in the saloon of the ship when
| a tall passenger with a monocle told a re-
, porter heatedly that the passengerson the
way over had refused to associate with
!Dr Cook, and another passenger as
| heatedly said that the first passenger waa
‘talking through his hat and that only a
, man who kept his hat on in the presence
of ladies would make such a remark about
|“a perfect gentleman like Dr. Cook any-
way”

Whereupon a third passenger, a fraction
of a second later, backed up the first pasa
‘senger Into the saloon now were crowd-

ing passengers who had _ interrupted
their farewells and things to take an
active part in the oral riot Girls were
standing high on the upholstered chairs
to get a better view of the debaters, who
| werm shaking fingers in one another's
| faces. The word spread and the smoking
room was deserted.

| And it all came like a thunderclap just
| at the close of a peaceful voyage Fora

| week the passengers had been talking
) among themselves apout how much they

'

The sen heard him and. saying | by firemen of Truck 4, who brought lad- | admired the doctor or how much they
he wanted a drink of water. went |ders and axes. He was taken to Flower | didn't; |vurt all

this smoking room and
jsaloon debate was of a kind that might
| be called smouldering

Two minutes after the reporters boarded
|the ship Dr. Cook himself was sitting

he had in his pockets, 540 marks, a check | Cardinal Receives (Christmas Messages quietly in the saloon talking to a friend.

book and bank books on an Amerivan |
bank, two real estate contracts, by which |

From Catholic Rulers.
BaLrimorr, Dec, 22.— Letters in huge

| All around were passengers with hate
and coats ready, baggage packed and

the young man is buying a small farm | official envelopes closed with great seals With no thought of anything except to

down in Texas: his discharge from the | have been received by Cardinal Gibbons !debark as scon as

possible and seek

United States army, his citizenship papers / during the last few days from the royal | hotels or homes. | And then of a sudden——

and his passport

Klein rode into Mainz, thirty-one kilo- |
meters away, and left his father's bicycle |
with a married Sister there. The sister}

the kind of arbitration we want Certainly | gave him his railroad fare to Basle and |
we shall net agreetoarbitrate the entire | from there he walked to Lucerne, a dis-| sending greetings the names of the King

tance of 164 kilometers’ At Lucerne,

personages of Europe and the cardinals
resident in Rome and in every country
of the world. The last of these missives
were received to-day

In the list of rulers of Catholic countries

of Portugal and of King Leopoid of Bei-

| But did you ever see Capt. Bonavita
in the old days enter the arena with his
| twenty-seven lions, all acting as peace-
i fully as one could wish? And then one
lion makes a sudden sideswipe at a team
mate and in two seconds the battle is
spread out like the Hundred Years War.

he stopped over night at a Catholic in-| gium, who died during the year, are | Friendships made on the boat that prom-

onto Aldorf, fifty kilometers

Albert |. sent for the first time to Car-

to |} stirution for the penniless and then walked | missed: but Leopold's successor, Ring | ee to be lifelong were broken on the
instant

At the beginning of hostilities

The young man kept a diary in a small! | dinal Gibbons a letter of congratulation. the doctor withdrew and did not appear
points of difference are the pay tor en-| account book during those days, and) King Ferdinand of Bulgaria is the oniy | until just before the boat docked.

He tramped
allthe way into Iraly He reached Milan
October 29 and told his story tothe Amer-
jean Consul The Consul wrote a letter
to Ambassador Hill at Berlin regarding
the case and promised to do what he could
to recover what personal property other

prelate a happy Christmas.

The letters from Cardinal Gibbons to
the royalties and other cardinals went
out weeks ago. .

LOTS OF FOLKS TRAVELLING.

 

Dr. Cook boarded the boat at Bremen
| wearing a full beard. No one recognized
| him at the time, but soon there was a
}searching of the passenger list when it
; was noised about that he was aboard.
A few hours after the boat sailed the
‘doctor appeared in the smoking room,
|} now minus his beard but wearing a mus

than money had been taken from him by Subway and Elevated Meeeipts in Past | ache

the German corporal Klein went on |
to Naples There the Amerfcan Consul |
go him on the Konigin Luise
18 looking for a way to get back to Minne- |
apolis
Klein savs he was naturalized at St
Paul in 1905 He enlisted in the United

10 Days the Highest ver.
The holiday traffic on the elevated and

the returns of any other year. Only once
has a day's total of tickets sold exceeded
the highest total of the past week High
level was reached in the courge of the

| Further than the occasional remark aa
| he passed, “That's Dr. Cook,” no particular

He now | subway lines this season has exceeded "attentian was paid to him during the reat

jofthe trip. He made a few friends, about
half a dozen. and accompanied by these
he would seek a table on the port side of
the smoking room each evening and drink

Mates army, he says, on November 22.) Hudson-Pulton celebration, on Septem- ale while he played cards with his friends,

1%)4. serving his full three vears and |
receiving an honorable discharge He)!
was attached to the Thirtieth Battery
Field Artillery, stationed at Fort Schnel- |
ling. Minn

a

 

 

BRYAN'S WEN FOR 1912.

 

Suggests Folk, Gayner, Harmon and
Wilson as Possibilities.
Lincoun, Neb. Dee 22
for a second time any intention to become
a Presidential candidate in 1912, William
Jd
Commoner suggests four Democratic pos- |
sibilities, Joseph W. Folk, Mayor Gaynor |
of New York. Gov. Harmon of Ohio and |
Governor-elect Wilson of New Jersey,
m the order named
among the four
records, aa follows

'
Disclaiming |

but

“Folk was an active supporter of Bryan | in bringing any bodies up, nor did they,

and Sewall in 1996 and hassupported the
Democratic national ticket in all the
Presidential campaigna since

“Mayer Gaynor in 1996 was one of the
few prominent Democrats in the East
who stood up for the party creed and
ticket, and he has heen faithful ever «ince. |

“Gov. Harmon. then a member of Mr. |
Cleveland's Cabinet. did not vote in 1996
but in 1900 presided at Mr. Bryan's meet-
ing at Cincinnati ”

While by intimation classing Woodrow
Wilson as a boliter in 1896 Bryan praises |
him for his attitude in the contest for the
New Jersey Senatorship

'
|

 

DEER CHARGES AUTO

 

Aute Overturned, but Not Damaged;
Deer Dead © Versaiiies Incident.
Special Cable Despatch wo Tae Sus
Pram, Dec 22) A deer in the forest

thority said that the report of the experts | of Versailles charged an automobile |

is favorable to the proposed connection,

as it was passing through the forest to-

which has practically been determined | day and overturned it

upon
Over Three Hears kest Thre
Car Service to
on Seaboard Air Line 138 P. M. train from New

Penna. Station.
| Ade.

 

Inq. 1143 D'dway, cor. th a

The deer wae killed i
The car waa not damaged

table should be without ANGOSTURA
exquisite flavor—

No
the ‘tizer
grapefrult—refuse substitutes.— Ads.

Biclovs os

ber 19, when the total was 1.170.143

Between December 10 and December 19
incluswwe sales of tickets on the subway
system amounted to 8.508,111, against
4,149,101 in 1999. On three days the total
exceeded 1,000,000. On the elevated sys-

| tem in the same period sales aggregated |

8,750,521, as compared with 8.317.721 in
1999. On two days sales exceeded | 000,000
tickets

 

[NONE (LIVE IN LEIGH MINE. | tonal

hed Together Hindered by Gas.
Spectal Cathe Despatcn to TRAE SUN
Lonpos, Dec, 22 Rescue parties
worked unceasingly all night at the Pre-

see or hear any signs of life. The work
is being continued to-day. but hope has
been abandoned of finding any of the
men alive. Some sections of the mine
are full of gas, and it is impossible for

ithe reacuers to enter them One hundred , Washington the doctor got

and fifty bodies were seen huddled to-
gether in one spot

BUYS G.W. VANDERBILT HOUSE.

Benjamin Stern Gets a Residence Next
Door to His Present Home.

The residence of George W Vanderhilt
at 9 West Fifty-third street, which was
sold several days ago, has been bought by
Benjamin Stern of Stern Bros The
house is in the rear of John I) Rocke-
feller's and is two doors west of the resni-
dence of Mrs. Alta R. Prentice, a daughter
of Mr Rockefeller At the corner is St.
Thomas's Church

Mr Stern now lives at 7 Weet Fifty-
third street in a house which he leased
noon after h@ sold his houme at No 4 to
the trustees of St Thomas's Church for
a new rectory

ONLY THEE HOURS PROM BROADWAY

 

antic Cit Penney ivania Railroad through
wale fron new eats Station. Siprefai
returning train December leaves A tle
cl ae P. M.—Ade

| One man walked up to him on the second
day, as related by one of the girl passen-
gers last night. and asked
“Are you Dr. Cook?”
| “Lama Dr. Cook,” he replied with a
j smile. ;
“The Dr. Cook who said he went to the
north pole?” continued the gentleman who
had sat long in the smoking room.
“Tl have been there.” answered the exe
| plorer lightly and continued his constitu.

Thronghout the voyage, however, the

Bryan in to-morrow's issue of the | Search Parties Find 150 Dead Wen Had- | doctor had as little to say about his polar

and Mount McKinley trips as he would say
j last night when interviewed by the re-
porters while coming up the bay. And
about all he would say to the reporters was

He makes no choice; toria pit in Leigh, Lancashire. where! that he “believes he was at the pole, but
publishes their | 349 miners were entombed after an ex-! may he mistaken.” but “is certain” that
| plosion yesterday; but they did not succeed | he reached the top of Mount McKinley.

For further information Dr. Cook re-
| ferred his questioners to a brief type-
| Written statement. such as is now coming
| to be known as the canned inierview. Even
| when asked pointedivy why he had chosen
to come home on a ship named the George
half way
through his set anawer “You'll find all
that explained in my magazine story, the
pubheation of which.” &c , before he re-:
called himaelf

“lll see you gentlemen here in the
\ saloon in haif an hour,” was the doctor's
treply to the first Question put to
him The debates that soon were to
increase to a volume that could drown
out the siren of tue big ship were just
| beginning to get under way in far corners
of the saloon. The doctor and T Everett
Harry, associate editor of Hampton's
Magazine, who had boarded the boat
with the reporters, went below and were
cloweted

Nome of the girla aboard were telling
of the timer they had asker! the doctor to
come on deck to De photographed and
how gracious he had been about being
snapsho.ted when the tali man with the
williamgillette face and the monocie
burried up to say harsh things about the

 

ie