son,

the nation’s

~ VOL. LXXXIL—NO. 3

SEVENNATIONS |
INPEACEPLEA
TO MEXICANS

U. S. and A B © Powers to
Reach People Through
Governors.

 

 

CARRANZA A PUZZLE

 

Conferees to Meet in New
York—Gen. Scott Sent on
Mission to Border.

 

HOW TO GET RID OF

WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.—Having agreed
that a final peremptory summons shall
be sent to representatives of all political!
groups in Mexico to unite for the estab- |
lishment of a etable Government -he
Pan-American conference adjourned |
Jate this afternoon for a recess of ‘Bev- |
eral days. The conference will reas-
eemble in New York, probably some |
time next week. |

The appeal to the Mexicans will be!
gent not only by the United States, but!
by the six Governments whose represen-
tatives conferred with Secretary Lan-
sing and Paul Fuller, the Administra- |
tion's unofficial adviser on Mexico. It
will be addressed not only to the lead-!
ers of the principal warring factions, but
also to the Governors of the twenty- |
seven Mexican States.

The purpose is to make the summons
for cooperation one that will reach the
entire Mexican peoule, as nearly as pos-
sible, for their action and decision,
rather than putting the question solely
before the factional military chieftaina.

The Mexicans will be asked, in the,
name of humanity, and for the salvation
of Mexico, to act so as to bring to an
end the terrible conditions which in .four

years have disrupted their country.
Further considerations of the problem
in Mexico will be undertaken by the
conferees without waiting for responses
to this appeal. New York was decided
on for the next session, it was said to-
day, to avoid the intense heat of Wash-
ington.

Question of Financing. |

The forthcoming remoyal.of the con- |
ferences to New York at once emphasized
the fact that when the United States
has thrown its support to some group In,
Mexico, as is now anticipated, the ques-,
Uon of finances will become even more!
imperative than that of military}
sarength.

it is understood that the aid of Amer-
ican financial interests will be involved
in support of whatever group of Mexi-
cans is ultimately selected to receive the |
backing of the United States. It is ex-
pected that during the sittings in New |
York the financial powers will be!
sounded on this phase of the problem be- |
fore the consulting Governments. i

Rumors of a split amcng |
feiees first as between the United States |
representatives and the Latin Americans |

the con-

themselves were circulated to-day, but |
later were discredited.
It is a fact, however, that thcugh

the two days sessions of the conference |
were harmonious throughout and were |
conducted with all present in substantial |
#greement thus far, the deliberations have |
not brought the participants very far

fron the original starting point, namely, |
4 unenimous conviction that something |
must be dene to restore a stable govern- |
ment in Mexico, The only step fully

deiermined upon is that the factional |
leaders in Mexico shatl be given a last !
Opportunity to get together and choose

Leaders Discuss Defence Problems.

Signed articles by Secretary of War Garri-
Secretary of the Navy Daniels and
others in THE SUN to-morrow.

An exhaustive treatment of

a ee

| former secretary to the late Frederick

  

 

RRANZA TELLS WHY HE
REFUSES T

WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.—THE SUN presents herewith an authorized statement
by Gen. Carranza on the proposal to have him step aside and unite with other
Mexican leadgrs on a compromise candidate for provisional President of
Merico, as is to be suggested by the conference between Secretary Lansing
and the representatives of the siz Latin American republics.
of Carranza’s views has been laid before Secretary Lansing. Here it is:

  

CA

All these suggestions about a new

victory over the revolution than if they

Vital Work to Come.

cation for the masses and others.

ever obtained any substantial reforms.

revolution will then be at an end.
of the nation and government under
resumed.

Will Render His Account.

order at this time.

its own vigor.

to take my place.

the Constitution.

Delay of Reforms.

confer with him.
There has been no time when Villa

manders in a military way.

revolution.

"ALIMONY CHASE ENDS

IN FOOTBALL TACKLE

|

 

'E. B. Parsons, Secretary of
Late Frederick Townsend
Martin, Arrested. |

 

Trapped when he went to his wife's
apartments to propose an agreement |
and chased half a block and tackled in
true football fashion by Deputy Sheriff
Louls Zeltner when he tried to avoid
service of a court order on him, Ernest

Bryham Parsons, magazine writer end)

for themselves a new government to be Townsend Martin, was arrested last

supported by all,

This conclusion was reached in sub- |
@ance yesterday; and to-day's meeting |
Was taken up chiefly with a discussion of |
What may be done if the final summons |
is not heeded by all the factions. Inj}
oiher words, the conference found them- |
selves up against the blunt fact that!
Carranza undoubtedly will decline to|
meet with Villa, Zapata and others |
merely as a factional leader and that
it will therefore be necessary to take
some alternative action to bring about;
the common desire in spite of Carranza. |

Innue of the Conference.

This question is now the issue before
the conferees and discussion of it is to,
be the main purpose of the next meeting. |

It developed to-day there is a dif-|
ference of opinion among the conferees,
&* to What action would be most suitable |
te meet the seemingly inevitable fact of |

Carranza’s refusal to cooperate. The!
discussion to-day was maintained on
such an informal basis that there was

hn occasion for any disagreement, but it |
4d develop that the ccnferees had vary- |
ing views as to how the expected con- |
tingency should be handled.

It is agreed that some faction or group
ether than that of Carranza must re-
ceive unlimited support, but just how
this should be done or how the other |
factions may best ve consolidated for |
such purposes is still an open question.

Meantime the situation was marked |
to-da hy desperate efforts on the part |
© the Carrangistas to present their chief |

~ ‘'s government in the most favor-
- ‘ight. Realizing that among the

‘e frees at the Stata Department there
no

’ one whom they may re-

gard 4S an advocate of their cause,

berransa’s counsel and agents were
‘

hoth here and in Vera Cruz, in
Putting forth information®’ calculated to
prove that Carranza has a government
‘ almost undisputed control of the
Rreater part of Mexico; that he is or-
Ranizing efficient relief measures and
fdministration in Mexico city, and that
* 's only a question of a short time be-
ore he will have brought all Mexico to
4 mate of peace under his beneficent

none other interesting development of
¢ day in Washington was the sending
of Major-Gen, Hugh L, Scott, Chief of
aff of the Army, to the Mexican border.
me Will endeavor to restore to its orig-
ial Status the agreement he effected
et winter between Villa and Carransa
faders for the neutralisation of Naco
4nd other border towns.

This agreement has been ruthlessly
‘iolated tn the last ten days at Nogales
4id e'sewhere, and it is hoped by the
Administration that Gen, Scott, by medi-
atory efforts, will be able to reatore the
Original status quo.

It was sald authoritatively that. Gen,

Continued on Third Page,

 

4

ts

| 345

night and taken to Ludlow street jail
for alleged failure to pay his wife wack
alimony amounting to about $140.

Parsons, it seems, had written to his)
wife, who got ‘a divorce and an order
for $10 a week alimony last November, |
begging for a reconciliation. He has
been unable to pay the weekly instal-
ments to his wife ever since the divorce, }
he declares, and last June had it cut to
$3 a week. He went to her home at
West Fifty-elghth street at 8:30
o'clock and there found Deputy Sheriff

Louis Zeltner with a court order issued
by a Justice of the Supreme Court and
Israel Siegel, his wife's lawyer. When
Zeltner served the order Parsons denied
his identity, refused the service and
made a break for the street. He ran to
Eighth avenue with the trio at his heels,

Directly in front of Reisenweber's
estaurant Deputy Sheriff Zeltner brought

him down, ihe fall quelled Parson's
spirit, for Zeltner weighs 238 pounds,

while Parsons tips the scales at 140.
The handcuffs were put on him and he
was taken to Ludlow street jail and in-
{tlated into the “Alimony Club.” He
afterward admitted his identity, but

gaid that he had not thought the deputy

could run so fast for his weight.

The scuffle in front of the restaurant
brought out a crowd of diners who
looked on wonderingly. |

 

{DAVENPORT TO JOIN G. 0. P.|

|

 

Ex-Senator Says Barnes Can't Be
Ousted Without Progrenssiven’ Aid.'

ALBANY, Aug. 6.--Ex-Senator Fred-.
erick M. Davenport, who headed the
Progressive State ticket last year, an-
nounced to-night that he will enroll as
a Republican this fall. He said in part:

“In New York the outetanding Issue |
fa the continuing !n contro) of Barnes |
and his backers, All that Progressives |
have ever said and more has been re- |
cently proved before the Syracuse jury
and out of the mouth of that diatin« |
guished Republican expert, Elihu Root,
in the Constitutional Convention, who
said that the Government of the State
for years has been on a plane with that
of Venesuela.

“The decent Republicans are hopeless
inf their fight to oust Mr. Barnes from
his national committeeship and his grip
on the machine unless the Progressives
who were formerly Republicans enroll |
again to aid In the accomplishment of
so patriotic and fundamental a purpose.

“And my judgment is that the great
majority of Progressives wil! do pre-
cleely that thing this year in the belief
that the Syracuse trial will make New
York a great battle ground of political
principle in 1916."

 

to call the elections emanate from the enemies of the revolution or from
people who do not understand the situation.
military work is completed all that is left is to call the election.

All the reactionary elements would like to have it that way.
could induce us to step into this trap they would have a more complete

You must not overlook the fact that the important, the vital work of the
revolution remains to be done after our armies are in undisputed control.
It is then that we will promulgate the great reforms on our programme in
respect to equal and just taxation, homesteads for the people, popular edu-

These reforms must be promulgated—as “war measures'’—by military
decree in the first instance by the chief of the revolutionary forces.
our programme, and this is the only way by which the people of Mexico have

This done, the election for Congress will be called, and when the newly
elected Congress convenes, then, as I stated
submit to it for ita approval, modification or rejection all the laws which
have been decreed by me as military c

The Congress will probably approve these reforms in substance.
The Congress will be the chief power

In my. proclamation I said: “The national Congress having been convened
the First Chief of the revolution will render an account to it of the use which
he has made of the faculties with which he has been invested.
specifically submit for its consideration the reforms decreed and put into
effect during the struggle so that Congress may ratify, amend or add to
them, and also such reforms as were enacted before the constitutional order
was restored may be elevated to the rank of constitutional precepts.’

Thus the reforms of the revolution will be translated into law.
same course had been followed by Madero, Mexico would have peace and
The Congress will then order the Presidential election
under the operation of the Constitution, which will then be in full force by

Now you can understand the speciousness of these urgent pleas of the
reactionaries that a member of the old Madero Government be agreed upon
If this were done he would assume the executive power
under the Constitution in form at least,

  

He could not decree laws to carry out the reforms of the revolution, and
the reactionaries would have the whole reform programme defeated, or at
least deferre’ to the uncertain or dilatory action of future Congresses, as
was the case with the Madero movement.
our hands until completed, whatever happens,

In respect to all other matters we are not unyielding.
Mexico who in good faith has a suggestion to make for the welfare of the
country I and others concerned in the Government will gladly hear and

could not have obtained a conference with Obregon
We are ready to confer with any Mexican
element for the welfare of our common country, but we must not yield or —
throw to the winds the victory which now enables us to realize aims of the

CAN'T DRAW MONEY FO

| Rigid Trust Agreement Made |

/Suage can make it that Mr,

{comforts of home and nobody can do a

 

YORK, SATURDA

 

, AUGUST 7,

  
    
     
   
   
   
   
   
         
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
         
     
       
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
         
     
   
   
      
       
       
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
     

O STEP ASIDE | OF NEGLECTING DUTY

Prison Board Also Urges Re-
tirement of Warden
Patrick Hayes.

 

The statement

and impartial man to take my place

 

TOO HARSH, IS CHARGE!

|

They assume that after the

 

If they
Commission Finds Indifference

to Welfare of Prisoners
at Penitentiary.

had prevailed in the field.

|
|
|
|
|
|

 

Aug. 6.—The retirement of
| Patrick Hayes of the Black-

well's Island penitentiary is recom-
| mended by the State Prison Commission |
j}as a result of the recent investigation |
jof that institution. }

Regarding Katharine B. Davis, Com-
missioner of Corrections, the report finds
she “is directly responsible for the ad- |
ministration of the New York penitenti-
ary at Blackwell's Island and has shown |
at this {nstitution neglect of sanitary
precautions and indifference to the phys-
ical, mental and moral welfare of the,
prisoners.’ There is no recommenda-
,tion that Commissiones Davis be
moved.

Henry Solomon, the president of the)
State Prison Commission, and Richard
M. Hurd, Sarah L. Davenport, Leon C. |
| Weinstock and James T. Murphy, four
of the six other commissioners, agree
with the findings of the commission and
so does Commissioner Frank E. Wade,
except that he does not believe that
Commissioner Davis is responsible for
the faults of administration, “as appears |
by her testimony at the investigation.”

ALBANY,
Warden

This is

in my proclamation, I will

hief.
The

the Constitution will immediately be

re-

He will very

’

If the

Commends the Warden.

Commissioner Rudolph F. Diedling
agrees generally with the report, but
commends Warden Hayes as a capable
prison official and tnsists he should not

be removed. Commissioner Diedling
says the defects in management “are
attributable to Commissioner Davis
rather than to the warden, as the insti-
tution is under the direct administration
of the Commissioner, who has sufficient
power to correct all abuses, such power
extending to the right of removal of
all officials, including the warden.”

In its investigation the commission
did not lay stress upon the bad physical
conditions existing at the penitentiary
except as a basis for recommending
amelioration by changes in administra-
tion in view of the prospective removal
of the penitentiary. ‘

The administration of the penitentiary |
is “too severe, harsh and repressive,” |
in the opinion of the prison commission, |
and this is the main reason why the re-|
tirement of Warden Hayes is recom-
mended.

“Over 1,000 prisoners are confined two
in a cell, with only buckets for toilet,
purposes, and with an air space of about
180 cubic feet, which is a grave menace
to health,” finds the commission, which
recommends that doubling up in a single,
cell be done away with by the use of
cots in the corridors, This would end
the doubling up of healthy prisoners
with those having tuberculosis and con-
tagious diseases, which the commission
found common among the prisoners.

The separation of tubercular and other
diseased prisoners while eating and
‘working also is recommended and the
transfer to Hart's or Riker's Island of
|; tubercular prisoners, those noi trans-
| ferred to be kept in cells and to be sup-
| plied with a special diet.
; “Prison guards on various occasions
have struck prisoners with clubs and
no . with their fists,” says the report, “and
rperipeal Jr, has taken to himself * ‘on two occasions a hose of about fifty

000, bride, he cannot collect one | pound pressure was. played upon. pris-
cent of her income—even if she should | oners who were making a disturbance
give him a written order for it or make | /" their cells.”
out an assignment in his favor. It is}

80 nominated in the bond. He may, n
however, come into possession of the ase
entire estate through the last will and day,
testament of his wife. (holidays and sixty hours when

Such are the provisions of the trust | f aa snnadintely Psi “

. | follows a Sunday, except for meals an
agreement entered into by John H. Bar- attendance at religious services. They
ker, the wealthy car manufacturer, and | also are confined in the cells from one,
the First Trust and Savings Bank of | hour to one hour and a half each work- |
Chicago on December 1, 1910, three days | iN day after the noon meal. The com-
before Mr, Barker's death. The bank \ mission recommends that they be allowed
is the second party to the agreement. | in the corridors or in an exercise yard
It is as president of the bank, it ap-/|@fter the noon meal and that visiting
pears, that James B. Forgan became the Ours be changed to Saturday after- |
guardian of the daughter, Catherine, | "900 and Sunday, a
who now is Mrs. Howard Spaulding, Jr. The commission recommends that the

It is declared to be as clear as lan | “cooler prisoners be allowed half a
Barker jn- loaf of bread twice a day instead of
tended that his daughter should have |tWo Slices, and all the water they de-
the bulk of his vast estate and threw. Sire, and that ahry be aJlowed to wash
about the trust every possible safeguard 87d exercise in the punishment corridor,
to insure payment to her. No limitation, The commission also recommends that |
of any kind is placed on the disposition {confinement in the cooler be limited to
of the property after It passes into her | ve days and that loss of privileges and
possession. , of commutation be graded in accordance

Valued at $30,000,000 at the time the. With the offence, and points out that
trust agreement was made, it is esti- “the aim of punishment should not be
mated the estate will have reached $40,- to break the spirit of the prisoners,”
000,000 when Mrs. Spaulding becomes! “The adm'nistration of the peniten-
26 years old—seven years hence. At 5. tary should realize that its full duty
per cent. the annual income will be! i% Not done where prisoners are simply
$2,000,000, and Mrs, Spaulding then will Kept from escaping and live the usual’

and if he did he could only act under

No, we must keep this work in

Any citizen of

or the commanders acting under him
or our other com-

HIS $80,000,000 BRIDE:

 

by Late Father of Mrs.
Howard Spaulding, Jr.

 

Cuicaco, Aug. 6.—Although Howard

Too Much Conflacment,

prisoners are
fourteen

confined in cells
hours every working
thirty-six over Sundays and

 

be entitled to it all, except the smali "eutine prison life,” says the commis-
amount required to pay annuities es-, 90", “but that systematic and sympa-
tablished by her father. | thetic efforts should be made for the!
The trust deed was found yesterday Physical, mental and moral improve-!
among the inheritance tax papers of | Ment of the prisoners to the end that
the estate in the Probate Court here, , they may Issue trom the penitentiary
Unsuccessful searches had been made better men.”
among the files in Laporte, Ind., and in| The commission recommends that
Petoskey, Mich, where the Barker | Prisoners be supplied with night shirts,

homes are. sheets and underclothing, and that they

fait be permitted to receive daily newspapers, |

buy toilet articles and have family pho-

HOME HIS CUSSING CASTLE. ‘tographs and mhiinee “of a proper |

j character” In their cells, j

No Legal Limit on a Man Under’ At present no indoor recreation ts)

Hie V3 ; ! allowed, except at occas‘onal concerts, |

a ne and Fla Tree, ‘and it is recommended that the schoul be

Any man has a blanked dashed right | pester aes one technical and

‘ gher instruction be provided, possibly

te do all the blanked dashed cussin’ he | by inmate teachers; that entértainments |

wants to do in his own blanked dashed ! of an educational and reformative char- |

home, Plain or even fancy profanity |acter be provided during occasional |

may properly be included among the |¢venings and that prisoners be allowed |

to play musical instrumenta in their
cells.

MISS DAVIS SILENT,

Commissioner Katharine B, Davis re |
fused last night to make any answer to!
Bay, had William Autenreith arrested | the criticisms of the State Prison Com- |
for swearing he wouldn't move from mission,
house he had rented from’ her husband “After I have seen and read the
until he got blanked dashed ready, dash | Toport in full I will probably say some-
him! thing, but until then I won't discuss

But the Magistrate #aid mo—that | it at all,” she said, She declined to
one's legal rights gave one an inalien- | see copies of the Albany despatches, pre
able privilege to burst into sublimated | ferring to wait until the printed report
conversation if one kept off the street or | is sent to her,
out of public places. The Magistrate Warden Hayes of Blackwell's Island is
added tat it all depended on whether | now on his vacation and ignorance of his
a wife would stand for such dag@hed | present whereabouts was professed at
conduct. So Mr, Autenreith went {nce, | his office,

 

 

blanked dashed thing to stop it,
Anyway, that was the ruling and in-
terpretation of law made yesterday ‘py |

Magistrate Fitch in the Jamaica police
court, when Mrs. May E. Amato of
Annahurst, near Hook Creek, Jamaica

 

 

 

——

| sels for transports and to observe
| Situation in various coast cities of Haytl.

landed to protect the custom

| Brewer's Son Rets

| identified him

’ 1915.—copyrignt, 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

[MISS DAVIS ACCUSED |850MORE MARINES | Bwitatn I

ORDERED TO HAYTI

 

Cruiser Tennessee Will Act as
Transport and Strengthen
Caperton’s Fleet.

 

U. & CONTROL EXTENDED

 

U. S. May Take Steps to Put)
Off Election of Presi-
dent on Sunday.
|
|

ee

WASHINGTON, Aug. 6,—At the request
of Rear Admiral Caperton, commanding
the American forces operating in Hayti,
860 additional marines will be sent to
Port au Prince at once, This will make
a total of 1,500 marines in Hayti.

This force will leave early next week
from Philadelphia under command of
Col. L. W. T. Waller, one of the most
experienced and officers of the
Marine Corps, They will go on the ar-
mored cruiser Tennessee, which is now,
coaling at New York, It is likely that
the Tennessee will remain in Haytian |
waters some time, as Admiral Caperton |
must split his force into several de-
tachments and needs a number of ves-
the

able

Rear Admiral Caperton’s latest report
says that there has been no further dis-
turbance in any of the zones of Ameri.
ean control, Yesterday, on news of an |
outbreak at Gonaives, one of the prin-
cipal ports of Hayti, the Admiral sent
the tug Osceola to the scene with a small ,
detachment.

The forces on the will
house at

Osceola be

Gonaives, if necessary
that this port will be taken
as Tort Prince and
have by
forces.

While Admiral Caperton is rapidly
strengthening his hold on the situation,
is was indicated to-day that the time is
approaching when the Administration
at Washington must give him some in-
structions as to policy on the political
side of the problem.

It has been announced ‘in Port au
Prince that the Haytlan Congress will
meet on Sunday to elect a President. It
is not at alf certain that the Adminis-

tration will consider it desirable that a
new President be chosen just at this

It is expected |
over just |

Haytien
American

Cape
the

au

been occupied

‘time, and ‘t is possible that it will de-

cide that steps be taken to postpone this
action by the Haytians.

It is felt that pending @ decision as.
to the Washington programme ‘it would
be rather unfortunate for the Haytians.
to be permitted to proceed too far
toward the organization of a new Gov-

ernment. Decision in this matter waits
‘on instructions from the President.
Admiral Caperton reported to-day

that his peace comm’ ssioners are return-
ing from Cape Haytien on the collier
Jason. Dr. Bobo, the rebel leader, and
Bouamand, another leader, are with the
commission, as Admiral Caperton  tn-
structed Gen. Blot, the rival leader,
has fled to Santo Domingo. Sixteen
s'sters of the Order of St. Josephine are
also being given passage on the Jason
to Port au Prince.

At Port au Prince the American
forces have occupied all the forts over-
looking the city and also the Haytian
barracks. No resistance Was) encoun-
tered in making these occupations, Con-
siderable quantities of ammunition were
discovered in Fort National, These sup-
pl es have been taken over by the Ameri-
can forces.

Col, Cole, commanding the marine de.
tachment, has been given full charge of
the military situation ashore, while Capt

Beach of the Washington is in full
charge of all matters pertaining to
civ'l administration, Capt, Beach has

already proved himself a master hand,
Admiral Caperton reports, in dealing

with the Haytians,

 

FIGHTING IN HAYTI.

U. &. Forces Seize Port Office and

 

 

National Palace.
Port av Prince, Haytl, Aug. 6
skirmishes over possession of the office
of the port, the National Palace and the
Haytian gunboat Pacifique to-day Amer-
fean marines opened fire and killed one

In

Haytian.
The National Palace and the office of
the port were the last places held by

Haytians, and these are now in p sses-
sion of the Americans

The President of the
name of the nation cabled to-day
Menos, Haytian Minister to the
States, a new protest against the Amer- |
ican oceupation The diplomatic body
and consular agents have been notifled
that Gol. El K, Cole, U. 8S. M. C,, com- !
mander of the American expeditionary
forves, is charged with the maintenance
of order and the safeguarding of life
end property

Senate in the
Solon
United |

The American battleship Connecticut
has landed men at Cape Haytian, The
American authorities have taken con-

trol, and American marines are disarm-

in gthe people, Revolutionists have been

ordered not to enter the eity limits,
Acting upon «rders from the Ameri-

‘oan authorities S800 revolutionary soldiers

Cape Haytian to
the despateh boat!
forces still faithful

Guillaume have

from
on

to-day sailed
Port au Prince
Nord Alexis. The
to the late President

taken refuge at Kveche

HARRY ELIAS FOUND.

|
dito “Health

 

Farm’; 8100 Reward Paid,

Baryion, L. 7., Aug. 6.--Harry Ellas, |
the nineteen-year-old son of the late
Henry Elias, a wealthy brewer of New
York city, who disappeared during the
storm of Tuesday night from a “health
farm” here, was found Jast night at
May ville.

His shabby appearance attracted at-

tention, When he begged a cigarette
from # man near the railroad station
several persons standing on the platform
from pictures published

in newspapers,

Sheriff Holmes took him in his auto- |
mobile to Babylon, His mother, Mrs, |
Katherine Wlias, had becn informed by |
telephone that her son had been found, |
When he arrived he told his mother that
be had had a good time. He said ha
enjoyed his eighteen mile walk through |
the flelds, The $100 ward offered for |
young Wlias'’s return \ the “health
farm” was paid over (2 Sheriff Holmes, |

| impeachabie

cotton
| user,

 

 

 

Likely to

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Unisettled to-
- ably lo
peraty

     
 

All U. S. Export Cotton

 

Government Is Giving Favorable Attention to Scheme

in Effort to Safeguard

American Interests and

Those of European Neutrals.

 

| PRODUCT IS ESSENTIAL IN

MODERN WAR

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tun Svs.

LoNvoN, Aug. 6.—Although no official
confirmation ean be obtained until the
Situation has developed further THe
SUN correspondent is able to state upon
the highest authority that the sugges-
tion that Great Britain and the Allies
purchase all American cotton available

| for export is being favorably considered

by the British Government Inquiries

made in the best fnformed quarters show
beyond doubt that of all the solutions
proposed with regard to the cotton prob-
lem this is in the present circumstances
the most Hkely to be put into effect,
The situation is to-day admittedly so
complicated that British
fuse to commit themselves, but an un-

authority on the cotton
question, especially as it affects inter-
national law, tells the correspondent of
THE SUN that the attitude of the British
Governinent may be summed up in this
way :

“The fundamental point to remember

is that it is of vital importance to this!

countty to keep cotton out of Germany

and Austria, for it seems to us as much
a part of

does gun

 

 

cotton, Tt is quite true that

ean be put to many peaceful
but some of the greatest authori-
ties have shown that cotton is “a8 essen-
tial in modern warfare as guns

Essential War Munition,

“Therefore

we are bound, if it ts
lawfully possible, to keep cotton from |
Germany and Austria We are firmly

convinced that we are entitled upon the
broad principles of international law t
regard it a8 an essential war munition,
Once that is admitted the question as to
how to do it really is only a question of
the method,

“A good deal may be said for and
against contraband policy, but
mentally Whatever plan is adopted we
eannot avoid a certain amount of in.
jury to neutral interests, however de-
Sirous we are of meeting the
neutral Governments,

“Once an agreement is reached
tween the American interests and our.
selves we shall be only too anxious to

adopt @ method and conditions which
would inflict the least injury upon
American interests,”

The above statement, coming as it!

does from a most trustworthy source,
is of utmost importance in that it shows

that the British Government, while ad-_|

hering to the contention that it has

 

DYNAMITE FOUND ON |

STEAMSHIP ARABIC

——_—_—_—_

Explosive Was Concealed) on

 

Ministers re- }

Ammunition for the enemy as)

funda. |

views of|

be- |

 

cotton from
England's enemy, admita the
American point of view, that the real
difficulty is the method to be employed
in keeping the cotton supply from reach-
ing Germany.

the legal right
reaching

to prevent

To Avotd Neutral Injury.

THR SUN's correspondent is in a post-
tion to state definitely that the matn
reason why no action hag been taken
) In the matter, despite the loud outery for
| making cotton contraband, is the desire
of the British Ministers to avoid as far
| injury to neutral interests.

as possible
The obstacle is the immediate adop-

tion of a plan to purchase the American !

supply. Tt Is the desire of the British
authorities to avoid placing further bur-
dens on the European neutrals

Holland and Scandinavia need Ameri-

to-morrow; prob-
erg to-day.

fe yesterday, 66; lowest, 59.
1

  

arine reports on page 11,

es
—

PRICE TWO CENTS.

'TEUTON ARMY —

SPRINGS TRAP

~ ON IVANGOROD

|

| Pontoons, Floated Down

Vistula at Night, Used to
Effect Envelopment.

| —_—-———_ -—_——

| NOVO GEORGLIEVSK
| READY FOR SIEGE

| a

Great) Fortress to North-
west of Warsaw Seems
to Be Invested,

 

RUSSIANS CAN STILL
USE MAIN RAILWAYS

 

Kovno Evacuated in Face of
German Advance, Copen-

ean cotton and will be greatly handi-
| capped if the entire export supply goes,
| to the Allies. The question is: Can
| Great Britain and the United States
| reach an agreement that will be satis- |
| factory both to the Allies and to the
| other neutrals and at the same time

ness and financial interests’?

“Spectator” Approves Scheme,

1 the Times with regard to the possible
|} purchase of the American cotton export

| cer It says that the cost is not pro-

hibitive and would do much to prevent
| friction not only with the United States

but also with the smatier neutral coun-
tries
The Nation, another weekly journal,

advocates making cotton contraband and
j the taking of measures to stabilize price
Any other course, the pape suggests,
might be risky, while the stopping of the
} enemy's cotton would justify financial
| risks The Nation cpposes the sugges-
| tion of putting Germany's neutral neigh-
| bors on rations and declares that the
| present British method is the wrong way
'to achieve the right end,

ALL COTTON FOR NATION.

 

|
|German Canvass of Sapply to
elude Even Underwear,

Special Correspondence to Tht Sux.
BERLIN, Via Amsterdam, July 20.-—The
Wolff Telegraph Bureau an-

that about the end of
administration will order
canvass of the German

official
| nounced to-day
July the army
ja nationwide
}eotton supply.
|; The canvass will include a
, inventory of cotton underwear,

GREECE AGAINST ANY
_CESSION 0 BULGARIA

complete

-_

Premier Says Territory Won

 

Board Before She Left | Will Be Held No Matter What
khe ’
lhis Port. Entente Powers Offer.
|
'
Two davs before the White Star steam- , Special! Coble Despatch to Tar Sus
ship Arabic sailed from this port for Lonposn, Aug, 6 \ news ageney des-
Liverpool on July 2S, searchers of the |patch form Athens received to-night
liner found hidden in a room on deck Summarizes the present political atti-
B two sticks of dynamite in what In- | tude of Greece as expressed in interviews
spector Owen Kagan described as an With national leaders, including Premier
“advanced state of deterioration and > Gounaris It says that the position of
therefore easily explosible, The dyna- Greece is characterized by a benevolent
mite was destroyed in the city’s neutrality toward the Quadruple En-
laboratory The inspector said it Was tente, determined upon the loval ful-
so dangerous that it might have been | filment of every obligation toward Ser-
exploded by the jar of a closing door. (bia, with whom Greece is now allied
Pier Superintendent Wright admitted |) This can never be consistent with the
yesterday that the dynamite had been | cession of any Greek territory to Bul-

reported by the police. It is
the man who put the explo-
sive in the ship had the hope of blow-
ing up a large cargo of munitions and
incidentally several Americans who were
passengers Among the munitions were
4,000 cases of cartridges, thousands of

found as
belleved

unloaded shells, 106 automobiles and
fifty-nine aeroplanes,

The Arable arrived yesterday after-
noon at Liverpool ino shipshape and

with all hands well

AGED EMPEROR AGAIN ILL.

 

Francia Joseph
—Hetr Called From

Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sex,

Front,
VIENNA, via Amsterdam, Aug, 6.—Em-
peror Francis Joseph, after a very severe
chill, {s confined to his bed at the Castle
of Archduke Charles
Francis Joseph, heir to the throne, has
been called from the front. The condi-
tion of the Emperor is not alarming and
the physicians do not think they are
warranted in issuing bulletins,

Schoenbrunn

RUSHING GERMANS WEST.

90,000 Men Dally to Be Rushed to
the Western Front,

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sex,
Aug. 6.—The Daily Mail's
correspondent from

LONDON,

Copenhagen learns

Berlin that as a consequence of the fall |

of Warsaw, Germany is preparing to

remove #0,000 men daily from the east. |
fern

to the western front
About a million men will be
transferred within a few weeks, he says

says,
'

BET ON PEACE BY 1917,

20 to 1 That War Will End With-
in

Two Vears,
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sun,

LONDON, Aug. 6.—-Considerable  busi-
ness was done in London to-day in
insuring with reference to peace. Four
guineas per cent. and later five guineas
were charged to cover total loss in the
event that peace is not declared between
Great Britain and Germany by Sep-
tember 80, 1917,

Rocent quotations ‘on Leoyd's insurance
policies regarding the end of the war

jwere a8 follows:

For peace by August 31, 1915, 90
guineas per-cent.; for peace by January
31, 1916, 45 guineas per cent, and for
peace by December 81, 1916, only 5
guineas per cent, .

Has Severe Chill!

thus |

garia, either in consideration of Bulgaria
fighting with the Allies or of territory
in Asia Minor being granted to Greece
Popular sentiment hus never sanctioned
ceding of territory won in the Ral-
kan wars, which were wars of Jiberation
The Entente might demand that Greece
participate in the war with her army
or her fleet, but that she sacrifice th:
liberty of a portion of her subject® js
an idea the Greek Government
possibly entertain

Greece's policy of neutrality is the
fonly one the Government feels must be
; maintained unless future developments
should necessitate a change in the {
| ests of Hellenism as a whole

| ENTENTE PROPOSED,

Allies’ Ministers Make Represen-

the

ecaunnot

 

| tations Through Serbia,

NisH, Aug, 6..--Collective

(tions have been

representa.
Nikola
itch, the Serbian Premier, by
} ters of (ireat) Britain,
and Italy with a view
a Balkan agreement by

mide to Pash-
Minis
Russia, France
to bringing about

which Bulgaria,

the

| Rumania and tireece would enter the
| war on the side of the Allies
| The Ministers’ presentations are
described as “of the friendliest charae-
ter’ in an offlelal communication issued
; here to-day, which adds that they were
made “in the hope of avoiding friction
|} between the Balkan States and = estab-
(lishing an entente between them, thus
| bringing nearer the final success of the

Allies.”

| WANT SERBIA TO YIELD,

'
Allien Seek to Gain Territory for
Hulgaria,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sus

Lonpon, Aug. 7.—-The Daily Mail {y-
!terprets the entente representation to
| Serbia as directed to persuading Serbia

to cede to Bulgaria that part of Mace.
donia mainly peopled by Bulgarians
This is Bulgaria's chief demand pre-

j liminary to joining the Allies,

COPPER IN GERMAN SPOILS,

 

by Invading Army.

H Special Cable Despatch to Tne Ses,
AMSTERDAM, Aug. 6 It ix reported

that the Germans have seized great

quantities of copper at Lodz, which they
| are sending to Konigsberg. Lodz is re-
| karded as the Pittsburg of Voland, and
since its occupation by the Germans they
have been working its mills and factories
with Polish and German workmen,

meet the requirements of American busi- |

The Spectator supports the suggestion |

Large Quantities Selzed at Lodz |

hagen Hears,

a

 

Special Cable Nespatch to Tun Sts

LONDON, Aug. 6 Ivaneorod, the Vis
tula fortress protecting Warsaw from
the south, has fallen to the Austro-
Germans, but the main bodies of the
Rusian armies have eluded the net of
the invaders

Von Buelow, Von Gallwitz and Fiel@
Marshal von Hindenburg himself in the
north have not yet reached the War-
Saw-Petrograd railway, which would
have cut off the retreat, and Von Macks
ensen and the Archduke Joseph Ferdle
nand in the south could not fet up to
the Moscow line in time

While the Germans are in Warsaw
they are not yet undisputed masters of
all the near by territory, The g

 

fortress of Novo ieorgievsk, only nines
teen miles northeast of the city, at the
confluence of the Vi tula and the Narew,
still holds out and is

preparing for a

   

siege. Loméa, Ossowleo and Serac ky
at the junction of the tug and the
Narew, still stand. ‘The capture of these
fortified points will take large forces
of artillery and men and will require
Lime

The Datly Mail correspondent at
Copenhagen learns from Berlin that the
Russians are busily preparing for the
evacuation of Kovno, to the south of
Which Gen. von Buelow army is driv-
Ing toward the east It is said that the
Giovernor has already removed his offices
and the staff to Novo Alexandrovek,

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

while the neh of the Imperial Bank
has been removed to Wilna

Duranig the week, the d Match con-
Unues, the whole population has been
leaving Kovne The removal of the
wounded is progressing rapidly,

Despatches trom Berlin say that the
army of the Crown i'r e Leopold found
the city and forts Wa ‘ ’
While the Russians had succeeded in re
moving all gun f munitions from th
Alexander citadel and they had carried
away all its stores

There is an undercurrent of dissat-
isfaction in the rejoicing i (iermany
over the fact that so few pilsoners and
so little loot have fulle nto the hands
of their armies. Th 2 only the pop-
ular feeling Military experts do not
appear to agree with it. The forts of
Ivangorod, on the othe hand, appear te
have been destroyed by the Russians be-
fore they retreated

Leopold to He Governor,

Prince Leopold of Bavaria, to whore
army was accorded the relatively easy
task of the actual occupation, will be-
come the military Governor, it is said.
In reference to him the German news
digencies SAV torduy that while the rue
iers of the Allies are felicituting each
other, this veteran of the war of 18466
and Is70) is in the ftleld

The thew ident f the war to-day
s the pture of ty dl, which was
expeeted \ ‘ lesp hf " Ber.
} to-night that Get  AVonraih
we the ¢ yb 1 very shrewd strates
gem. He massed his troo 1 pontoon
bridge material and tra pposite Novo
Nlexanedlila n the Vist his wo
es to the south of Ivangorod, but ag
the Vistula flows to the north they were
to travel with ¢ eurrent

The demonstration at Novo Alexandria
caused the Russians to throw their best
troops and reserves inte the latter town
to defend it Whereupon at night twent
heavy pontoon trains, all ¢ ered with
straw and Joaded down with troops,

 

 

 

  

floated down the streain At Ivangored
the engineers speedily threw their pon-
toon bridges across the river and the
bulk of the troops, Ww ad marched
down stream, 1 ‘ ss ou four
bridges and encircled the town, cutting
foff the railway to Warsaw,

ioe re Was no hope for the town there.
after, for, according to Petrograd des-
patehes, its brick forts could not hope
lto withstand a bombardment from the
modern giant gun It is not stated
whether many Russians were captured,
but it Is asserted that all food and mu-
nitions had been moved out of the town
during the days immediately preceding
the attack

j Investment Indleated,

|} ‘The German operations of the last

twenty-four hours with the exception of
i those at Ivangorod have shown nothing
signifleant The operations in Courland
continue, with the Germans still moving
toward Dyinsk, and Riga preparing for

the worst The investment of Novo
| Georgievsk is indicated in the opera.
tions of the northern forees, but there

is no word tha
ix yet eut

the Petrograd railway
The statement says:

In Courland, in the vicinity of Pope},
northeast of VPoniwessi, atid near
Kowarsk and Kurkle, northeast of
Wilkomieraz, cavalry fighting took
| place, and went in our favor,

On the Narew = front, south Sf
| Lomaza, in spite of stubborn resisi-

ee

 

See Ta.

ee

|
li