b

 

Sas

VOL LVIL—
WOR LAVIL=NO. 34M, NEW _YORK, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1000.—COPYRIGHT. 1900,
PLOT 10 SEIZE ROBERTS,

rex CON SPIRATORS HAVB BEEN
ganeesee ! IN PRETORIA.

Also Planned to Shoot ae Many British Officers

as possibie~Suspected Barghers Being

Watched-Escape of Gen, De Wet— Boers

Said to Be ireating Natives Bretally.

Special Cadle Despatches to THB SUN.

From THE SUN's C orrespondent at Pretoria.
prerorta, Aug. 9—A plot to selze Gen.
Roberts andto shoot as many as possible of
the British offices here has been discovered and
ten men charge dwith complicity have been ar-
rested. Uther suspects are boing closely
watched and it is expected that they will
shortly be taken {nto custody. The system of
granting pas-es to burvhers who take the oath
of neutrality. is proving unsafe and there is

urgent need of a stricter polley.

Kaffirs who have come into the oity report
that the Boers are treating the natives brutally
whenever they receenpy a place that has been
passed by the British troops, Their usual
cto dof punishment ts flogging.

Every night shots are heard around the town.
Thefring is done by the sentries, who fre-
quently discover Boer emissaries try ing to enter
or leave the town

The supplies here for the army are abundant,
with the exception of forage. Few of the local
farmers bring anything to market. It is ex-
pected that trains will be available shortly and
the merchants will then replenish their stores.
The military authorities are selling rations of
flour to civilians at three pence per pound

The indigent residents are still being fed by
the authorities. Lord Milton has charge of the
food supplies for civilians,

Lonpon, Aug. 10.—The Pretoria correspond-
ent of the Daly News sends asensational state-
ment concerning the opportune discovery of a
plot to shoot all the Brit sh officers inthe capital

 

and to seize Gen, Roberts, Ten of
the leaders were arrested and are now
n jail This plot is regarded as part

of the onspiracy of whicb the recent Johannes-
burg rising was the first incication, Several
persons Who are implicated as spies are being
deported.

The correspondent
further advanced to Wadspruit.
moving ahead of bim

FIGATING WITH

idds that Gen. Buller has
The Boers are

DE WET'S

 

PORCE.

 

Methuen Takes the Hill Positions Near Ven-
terskroom~—Kitchener in Pursuit.
Spectal Cable Despatch ty THR SUN,

Lonpon, Aug. 9—The War Office has recelved
the following from Gen. Lord Roberts;

“Pretoria, Aug &.- Aneseaped prisoner yes-

terday morning informed Kitchener that DeWet
bad crossed the Vaal. Shortly afterward guns
were beard which I think must have been
Methuen's, I having direc'ed him to takeupa
position betwee Potchefstroom and Lindigul
where he should have been able to intercept the
enemy who crossed at DeWet's Drift. Kitch-
ener with the cavalry and mounted infantry is
crossing.

“Hunter reports that he has taken altogether

4,140 prisoners, who are on their wav from Cape

Town for Ceylon. Iwo «

A ee le eeenereencaanmmnenere

=

STABBED BY A BURGLAR,

A New Jersey Farmer Attacked in His Home
at Night—May Be Fataliy Wounded.

PaiLLirspurG, N. J., Aug. 0.—Peter Win-
ters, a farmer living in Tower Harmony town-
ship, four miles from here, had an encounter
with a burglar at his home last night. Winters
had returned from a church festival with his
family and found a burglar in his bedroom
The burglar grabbed Winters by the throat
and struck him on tho head with a blunt in-
strument, knocking him to the floor, Before
he could give a second blow Winters was on
his feet,

The burvlar then drew a knifo and cut Win-
ters severely across the abdomen, A heavy
wateh chain which Winters wore was cut in
two and undoubtedly saved his life. The
force of the blow and the pain made Winters
relax his hold and he fell unconscious to the
floor, while his assailant escaped. The wound
is a bad one and may prove fatal.

 

 

BOY HANGING, 50 FEET UP.

Held On by His Hands to a Fifth-Story Win-
dowsill Till Rescued.

ATLanTic City, N. J., Aug. 9.—For a few
minutes this afternoon a number of people on
the board walk and the avenue on which the
Hotel Savoy faces in Chelsea stood in a dazed
manner watching the dangling form of a boy
hanging by his hands from the sill of a fifth=
story window, It was the little son of Mrs,
Henry Fisk of New York, a guest of the Savoy.
There was a commotion in the house as a score
of people hurried to the room to resoue tho
child, and when he was drawn safely in a sigh
of relief went up. He hung fifty feet above the
sidewalk, How he managed to get into his
perilous position is a mystery.

 

 

IRON STEAMBOAT DISABLED.

Cygnus Parts One of Her Steering Cables
—Transfers Passengers te Perseus.

The iron steamboat Cygnus, which left Pier
1, North River, for Coney Island at noon yes-
terday, was disabled just as she started from
the Coney Isfand plier on her return trip about
2 o'clock {n the afternoon by the parting of
her starboard steering cable. It was subjected
to sudden strain when the Cygnus’s pilot put
his helm hard a-port to make a short and quick
turn in getting away from his berth at the iron
pler. The accident occurred when the steam-
boat was about 200 yards out and the Cygnus
pilot had litde trouble in keeping her off. She

had only a few dozen passengers aboard and
they were transferred to the steamboat Perseus
when she came along. The sea was smooth
and the transfer was unattended by unpleasant

incidents. Meanwhile, the Cygnus, doing
pretty fai ey with her port cable, kept well out
and star’ way, steering a somewhat

zigzag course, ~ telephone message had been
sent to New York for a tug, and the Baltic went
looking for the Cygnus. She found her off
Norton's Point, and towed her up to Erie Basin,
ee Cygnus helping with her own steam. The

anus will probably be ready to resume her
tr ps to-day.

E fcursion ISTS DELAYED.

The Willlam Storie Obliged to Put In at
Stapleton—Money for Those Who Were Short.

Anaccident to theexcursion boatWilliamStorie,

| plying between Newark and Midland Beach,

f the three guns he |

captured belonged to the Royal Horse Artillery. |

Four thousand horses were taken and ten
wagons of ammunition, One hundred and
ninety-five thousand rounds of

were estroyed

‘The garrison ai Elands River, which I fear |

hasbeen captured, consisted of 140 Bushmen
and 1 Rhodesians. I hoped Carrington would
telatime to wlihdraw the garrison, but De-

re’, hearing of Hamilton's approach, hurried
westward and surrounded the gurrison before
Carrington arrived

Methuen reports that he engaged part of De
Wet's force yesterday morning near Venters-
kroom and drove off the enemy from a succes-
son of hills which they held obstinarely, We
had seven kijled."’

Anewsagen-y report says Gen De Wet and
alarge partof his force have made good ti eir
escape and reached Buffela Hoek. Probably
his defence of the hills against Gen. Methuen
covered the retreat of this purt of his command.

HOTTEST DAY YET.

And There Isa Poor Outiook for Relief To-
day--Yesterday’s Scorching Hour,

Yesterday was really the hottest day of the
Yearsofar, Ati P.M. when the sun usually
pits in ‘ts Warmest work the temperature was
Only 9 degrees, Seven hours later the mercury
bad been unable to get below the 89 mark. Be-
tween these hours {t had fluctuated between 89
degrees and 95 degrees, reaching the latter
Pootats PM. That is the best, record of the
‘ummer, equilling that of last Tu sday, when
the tem herature, only for a minute, however,
Waa ar 05 degr ees,

The highest temperature yesterday lasted a
‘Wi hour or untilé o'ciock, when ft cropped to
Wdegrees, There was a gentile vreez:, chiefly
from the northwest, The prospect of a ‘mighty
hot night was apparent from, the height oi the
official mereury at 10 P, which was 8&2
degrees, To the westward. oe there was no
pepe of « omins cool es. The temperature at

itisburg, ine nnati and St. Louis was at 90
fearees : at 8 PM. Quite as hot and maybe

otter is the pred ction for to-day.

WOULDN'T STAND HOTTER WEATHER.

So Klacksmith Manning Took a Dose of Car-
bolic Acid That Killed Him,

Thomas Manning, a horseshoer, 39 years old,
Went ohis home at 400 Kast Fo rty-ninth street
§t6o'clock last evening and told his wife and
fourchildren that he had read in one of the
ewspapers thit the weather would be warmer
for the nex! few days

“I don’t intend to stand {t,"’ he said; ‘I've

haditas hot as I can bear to-day, so I’m going
lodrink this and die.’
Ther he

; rank the contents of a bottle of car-
bolic acid Mani ing died soon after being
aken to Flowe r Hospital

CHICAGO'S nor SPELL,

Six Deaths and 100 Prostrations on the Sixth
Day of the Heated Term.

| Hicago, Aug 9--Six deaths from sur
‘Toke and tore than one hundred prostrations
. . record for thie, the sixth suceessive day
m4 ‘he present hot spell, For six days the
hearers In the weather bureau in the
OF more, peel Wer have registered at 90 degrees
for viv breaking all weather bureau record
hawe ben *¢ wn During that time there
and probes ‘Lirty-one deaths from sunstroke
causes 1) } other deaths assigned to other
to heat re Wore lastened by exhaustion due

the y among horses has been frightful

 

mated peut@ of the Board of Health it is esti-
Rave dict’, About 1,000 carcasses of horses that
Lon have butt? Street because of heat exhaus-
days eel carted away during the past six

LEFT STRANDED AT CAPE TOWN,
Consal-¢

aswel Stowe ( Complatas About the
oe of American Maleteers.

Wa
wee ‘TON, Aug @ The Department of
Sin receipt ofad
tul-Genera) , © espatch from the Con-

' the United States at Cape T
a pe Town,
ed July 9, 1900, further relating to the ship-

an Bs ef ean ClUizens as muleteers at New
pe oe we t ab Wane ports a this instance
n Sthat he sen »
"ho ore ly to him, ut adda: wrens ton
ome! se ener clear one vessel than another
sate port With nore Americans who have
country oat to ship with mules for this
eee ver i “0 have arrived and purtier
ve eo Le: ines *muleteers ought to be
48 Means Used to obtain me

png nen at)

pa a 8 #8 told me by the men, are simply diss
Co ee
. mplete and Readily Accessible.

West 23d si «
' ‘ation of the P.
"ad. Reach hed by cabs or PB regnevivenia Rall-

ammunition |

|
|

Staten Island puta crowd of Midland Beach ex-
cursionists to considerable inconvenience yes-
terdiy afternoon, The Storie left Midland
Beach at 5 o'clock with 500 persons aboard,
bound for Newark. The majority of the pas-
sengers were women and children, bomeward
bound to Newark and other points in New

Jersey after a day's outing at the beach. When
about a hai hour's run from the beach the
erank pin of the boat's engine cracked and
Capt, Cameron decided ‘hat it would be un-afe
to complete the trip to Newark, Accordingly a
landing wis mate at 6o'clock at the Long Dock,
Stapleton, and all the excursionists were put

| aa ore.

SSS SSS SSS sstinenses~cneenn

There were many children without parents
and some had no money with which to get by
‘rolley to Jersey, and they were ata loss how
toget home, Aftera short delay the Captain
went amona@ the crowd and gave each person
en ugh money to reach bome by car. Then
there vas arush fer the Staten Islind trolley
cara connecting with boats for New Jersey.

SHOALS.

SUNK ON DIAMO vn

British Steamship Palestro, Lumber Lades,
Goes Down Off Hatteras.

Nourouk, Va, Aug. 9.—The British steamer
Palestro, Capt. Armstrong, lies a submerged
wreck on Diamond Shoals to-night, twelve
miles southeast of Cape Hatteras. She was
lumber laden, bound from Pensacola for Liver-
pool, At? o'clock this morning she was skirt-
ing the coast, meaning to touch at Newport
News to fill her coal bunkers, She struck the
dangerous shoal. The haze which hung over
the coast lifted at 2 o'clock this afternoon, and
the fisher crews saw her for the first time and
put off in their bouts immediately,though without
hope of reward, to the assistance of her crew,
The life-savers from Creed’s Hill and Hatteras
stations immediately followed them,

About this time @ boat's crew of six men
from the Palestro reached shore safely in their
own boat apd as darkness fell to-night the
fishermen and life-savere brought ashore the
captain and twepty-three other members of
the ship's crew who in the ship's boats hung
about the Palestro until she went down, | When
they left her there was twenty-seven feet of
water in her hold. Her crew is being cared for
by the life savers.

The United States Survey steamer Blake
as it chanced, is bound for Hatteras. She sailed
this afternoon and will sound the outer Diamond
Shogl on which the Palestro was lost with a
view to ascertaining the best anchorage there
for a lightship which it is proposed to station
there

TEACHERS SAY

 

CUBAN “HURRAH!”
They Say [t on a Card of Thanks to Every One
Who Has Been Kind to Them.

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Aug. 9.—A committee
of the Cuban schoolteachers has decided to
send a card of thanks to every person who
ha: become directly interested in the welfare
of the teachers and has contributed to their
entertainment. The committee believes this
to be the most convenient method of express-
ing their gratitude. The card reads thus

tern he Cuban teachers who, through the
efforts of Mr. Frye, have been enabled to at-
tend the course of instruction in the Harvard
Summer School cannot find worda to express
their gratitude toward the American people,
and in particular toward all the officers of the
university,

“They also thank the commercial establish-
ments in general for the kind way in which
they have been treated

“Hurrah for the American people.

“Hurrah for Harvard University

“Hurrah a the American Government.

“Hurrah for Mr. Frye, President Eliot, the
yrofessors of eograp ny and history ‘and the
natructors of Englis

“The people of Cuba will never forget them.”

NEGRO STORE.

DEPARTMENT
The Rev. J. M. Townsend's Plan to Elevate
His Race,

CINCINNATI, Aug. %--A department store,
the main purpose of which will be to elevate
the negro, will be established next fall in Chi-
cago by the Rev. J. M. Townsend of Allen M.
E. Temple, a colored church, who has been
elected Field Secretary of the African Meth-
odist Episcopal Mission work, with head-
quarters in Chicago. “I maintain,” he said
to-day, “that the great need of the negrors
3 emplo’ a! > something more than menial
ns The ne roblem is not one of the
race, but of t find vidual, In connection with
my church work in ities I will run the de-

sartment store, and I have the capital in yiew,
\ hite and colored med will be the atoc kholders
and white and colored will have employme:t
on the basis of i roy Fe The money power will
raise the ne t has the Jew, who wa
once as muc Dersecuted as the negro is now.

Over the Delectable Moentain.
the Pennsylvania Railroad

ou the, pleturesgue. Al leghenles ut their prettiest
part.

FEATS OF YALLER AND FOX,

BOYS RISK LIFE TO SAVE LIFE IN
THE SWIFT WEST CHANNEL.

They Got One Boy After a Fight In the Water
—Lost Another After Another Fight—Went
to the Hospital Themselves—Two Boys
Drowned Neighborhood Wild With Alarm.

Abouta hundved men were on the pier at the
foot of Fast Seventy-eighth street watching a
dozen boys swimming in the river at 6 o'clock
last night. One boy had a barrel over his head
and was moving around to make the barrel
6pin for the amusement of the crowd. Another
boy was treading water. A third had ventured
out a hundred yurds from the pier.

“That's Yaller,” they said. “Once he swam
across the river.”

All agreed that Yaller was the best swimmer
in the neighborhood, but the boy with the
barre!, Andrew Fox, 14 years old, of 809 East
BSeventy-fifth street, had plenty of admirers,
for on two ocoasions he had rescued boys from
drowning.

Yaller came back to the pier and reported
that it was dangerous to go out far, as the
current was stronger than ever before. He ad-
vised the other boys to keep close to the plier.
Just then a crowd of men and boys came run-
ning to the pier and shouted that a boy had
been carried away and was probably drowned,
They brought his clothing, a blue shirt walst
and a pair of knickerbockers, and begged
Yaller and Fox to go out and search for him.
The two boys swam around for several hundred
yards and came back to report that they could
not find him. The clothing of the missing boy
was sent over to the East Sixtv-seventh street
pouee station with a messa e gaying that some

oy about 12 vears old een drowned
off Sev enty-ninth street.

“Fellers,’' shouted Fox, “hug de dock.” "Me
and Yaller could hardly stand it out there, so
youse better come in,”

Just then a twelve-year-old, Willie Hogan of
228 Kast Eightv-third street, signalied for help
and shouted that be couldn't get back to the

vate At the same time anotier boy, Leo Dril-

ick, 14 years old, of 814 East E @hty-third
atreet, shouted for ‘help, Hogan and Drillick

were within a few yards of eac h other
shouted Fox,

 

“Come, Yaller, we'll save ‘em,’
and he dived into the river.

—@ wid yer,” said Yaller, diving from the
yy Fox and Yaller swam 200 yards be-
fore they reached Floganand Drillick. The
two latter were clinging (o each other and the
current was sweeping them down the river,

“Git behind Hogan,’ ‘said Fox, “and 1’ save
Drillick.”’

Fox disappeared from the suriace of the
water and Jover came up between the two
drowning boys. Inthis wav he succeeded in
separating them. He punched Drillick ta (he back
of the neck, then caught hiin by the hair, held his
head above water ‘ind started to swim toward
shore with him, When Yaller got near Hovan,
Hogan put his arms around Yaller’s neck The
crowd of men On the pier stood there shouting
Within a few minutes the crowd had increased
to several huncred. They shouted all sorts of
advive to the struxgling bovs.

Fox turned, and seeing Hogan dragging Yaller
down yelled;

“Puneh him, Yaller! Punch him in the face,
and then you can save hun. He's got the death
erip on you! Punch him!’

Yaller punched Hogan's face and Hogan let

oof Yaller's neck and sank. Yaller dived and

rought bim back to the surface, Then with
both bands Hogan erasped Yaller’s throat,
Fox, still holding Drillick, managed to swim
back, and while treading water used his left
hand to punch Hogan in the face, Hogan let go
of Yaller and caugit hold of Fox. Thenallfour
boys went down. The crowd on the pler stood
there and shouted for help. They tried to at-
tract the attention of passing boat captains.

Young Fox managed to break away from the
others and when they reappeared on the sur-
face he again grasped Drill ck by the hair and
awam toward the shore. 1e crowd on the pler
cheered. Thee ey saw Hogan sink for the
last time. They aso saw Yaller make another
dive to save him. Yaller reappeared, shook his
head and pram aver Fox who was Struggling

ong with Driilic
e When Fox reached the plier with Drillick,

rile k's eyes were closed and the crowd bes
jeved he was dead. ‘They lowered a rope and

Fox slipped it under the other boy's arms |

The crowd started to pull Drillick up on the
jer. The rope broke and Drillick fell back into
he river. Fox again grabbed him, and held his
head above (he sur.eceofthe \ater. A ladder
was lowered and four men went down it and
dragged Fox and Drillick upon the pier, Fox

was exhausted and fell on his face. Drillick
was unconscious Yaller managed to get back
to the pier and when dragged ashore also be-
came unconscious.

By this time a rumor that a dozen boys had
been drowned spread through the nefghbor-
hood. A seore of mothers came running to
the pier, weeping. Half a dozen policemen
came from the East Sixty-seyenth street sta-
tion. They called two ambulances from the
Presbyterian Hospital Dr. Stewart cared
for young Drillick. Dr. Frissell looked aiter
Yaller and Fox. All three were taken to the
hospital.

ut me down as Yaller,” said one bor, when
he had recovered, “that’s the only name they
know me by.’

“Say, Doe,” remarked Fox, “did that little
Hogan git saved?”
oe" Faaid the doctor, “he was drowned.”

“Well, {t wasn't Yaller’s fault,” remarked
Fox, “Yaller did as much as mie but Hogan
got de dead grip on him before Yallaer had a
chance to do anvthing, If you let me go oc,
I'll try to git his body for his mudder.”

The hospital doctors pernitted Yaller and
Fox to go home, but the police would not allow
Fox to go back to search for Hogan's body.
They brought Fox around to the ann station
to tell how it happened. While he was there
a pale-faced woman entered

“My boy has been missing since 5 o'clock,”
she said, “and as he started away to go swin-
ming | ‘thought something might have hap-
pened to him,

“What's bis name?” asked the sergeant,

“Leddy Faulkner.” anawered the woman.

“We live at 429 Fast Seventy-third street, Leddy
is 11 years old.”

he sergeant brought out the blue shirt waist
and the knickerbockers which had been left on
the dock by the hoy who hed been drowned he-
fore the Hogan incident occurred. Mrs Faulk-
ner said the clothing was Leddy's. She rolled
the knickerbockers in*the blue shirt waist and
went away weeping :

“Dat's de tonight end of it,” said young Fox

n kids what can't swim jist break deir
kee 4 hearts,”

The river at the point where all this happened
is called the West Channel and at certain stages
of the tide runs fiercely between Hlackwell's
Island and this

 

.
INDICTED FOR NEW ORLEANS RIOTS,

Five White Men to Answer for Murder—Six
Negroes Also Accused,

New Onveans, L., Aug. 9.-The GrandJury

has indicted five white men for murder as

leaders in the mobs which, during the
recent anti-negro riots, beat and shot
@ number of negroes, and aix negroes
for aasisting the negro murderer, Charles
in resisting arrest and in firing on and
killing a nomber of poll-emen Other |

judictments of the leaders of the rioters are
promised for to-morrow,
Another resignation of a Police Commis-
sioner under pressure ©! public opinion, is ro-
orted, Phomas Richardson, leaving the
Board % with only five me jembe rm,

 

RAN OVERBOARD WHILE PLAYING,

Two Little Girls Rescaed From Drowning by
a Harbor Policeman.

Florence Albrecht, 12 years oid, of 2456 Second
avenue, and Minnie Wilker, also 12, of 2964 Firat
avenue, were playing tag on the pier at the foot
of East 122d street last night. Florence, in her
anxiety toget away from Minnie, ran off the
end of the pier, and Minnie, unable to <t op her-
se f, also feil into the water, The ories of the
strugeli ne girls attracted Polce;win Morris
Cagney of the Harbor sub-station. Peeling off
his cont he dived into the river after them He
managed to keep their heads above water until
Policeman MeMann came to the rescue with a
rope. The girls were sent to their homes more
frightened%han hurt.

FLEETS 10 MEET ll BAR HARBOR,

Rear Admiral Farquhar to Greet the British
Vice-Admiral Bedford,

Wasnixoton, Aug. 9.- Rear Admiral Far-
quhar will leave Portland, Me, on the flagship
New York on Aug. 14 for Newport. From New.
port be will go on the New York to Bur Harbor,
where the other vessels of the North Atlanta
cana’ iron will assemble on Sept. 2, to meet Vice

Aguiral Sir Frederick Bedford, Royal Navy,

the British squadron under his command

  

 

 

MOBBED AN INSULTING NEGRO.

Crowd at Madison Square Band Concert
Kicks and Caffs Him Soundiy.

While the Twelfth Regiment band was en-
tertaining thousands of persons in Madison
Square Park last night three negroes on the
Fifth avenue side of the square began to in-
sult women inthe crowd and to seize their arms.
Some one reported their behavior to Police-
man O'Sullivan and he walked up the avenue
until he came to the negroes, who immediately
ran in different directions. The policeman
chased one of them under the Dewey Arch
up Broadway and then through Twenty-sixth
street into the crowd on the north side of the
park, The negro dodged tn and out among
the crowd and jumped over several benches.

Some one yelled “lynch him: he insulted a
girl,” and then the crowd went to the assistance
of the policeman and the game of tag was
promptly ended. The policeman had hard
work to get his prisoner to the West Thirtieth
street station with a whole skin. As it was,
the negro was kicked and rapped a dozen times
before he was dragged away from the crowd
and 500 persons left the band concert to follow
him to the police station,

The prisoner, who said he was William Jack-
son of 225 West Eighteenth street, was locked
up on a charge of disorderly conduct.

 

 

MR. E. L, TAILER'S SHARK,
Caught Near Fire Island Inlet, Was Eight Feet

Lomg and Weighed 400 Pounds.

BaBY1on, L. I, Aug. 9.—A shark was caught
to-day by E. L. Tailer of New York, who ts
spending the season at the Watson House here.
The shark was captured in East Channel, near
Fire Island Inlet. Mr. Tailer, who was fishing
alone in the yacht Halcyon, saw the lines tighten
and with great difficulty pulled the shark up
alongside of the boat. It was found to be im-
possible to pull him aboard and it was decdded
to tow him across the bay to Babylon. The
shark resisted, but gradually grew weaker
and was dead when pulled out on the pier here.

The shark measures 8 feet 6inches, and weighs
nearly four hundred pounds, being the largest
ever taken in local waters, The fish was placed
aboard a truck and taken to the Watson House,
where it was placed on exhibition, It will
be buried to-morrow. Mr. Taller, who greatly
enjoys the sport, caught a smaller shark yes-
terday.

 

 

MUSICIAN SHOOTS STAGE MANAGER.

End of Several Hours’ Bickering to a Bar-
room— Wounded Man Will Recover.

John Marble, stage manager of Dunne &
Ryley’s “Milk White Flag” company, was shot
in the left side of the abdomen last night by
Harry Colins, a musician in the same company.
The shooting occurred in the barroom of the
Vigilant Hotel, broadway and Thirty-ninth
street, where the two men had been drinking
together for hours. Several years ago they
had a row, but it was patched up and neither

pf them ever [ thouens of it except when drink-
too much.

hey both thought of it last night early in
the everfing and each apparently forgot every-
thing else but his grudge against the other,
although thev had been sitting at the same
table and taking turns in paying for the
drinks ever since the middle of the aftar-
noon, They were quarrelling when lim and
Harry Peake, actors, went into the saloon and
sat down at the same table. The Peakes tried
to be sociable, but the bickerings of the other
two men were too hot for them, nnd they went
to the bar. A few minutes later Colins
left the table and went into the street,

{'¢ returned almost Immediately with a re-
volver, and without saying a word fired at
Marble, who was then standing at the bar with
the Penkes. Colins placed the revolver tn a hip
pocket and walked out again before it had oc-
curred to anybody to stop him. Every one tn
the saloon was trying to help Marble to a chair.
The man who was shot was the least excited of
them all. He removed a cigar from his mouth
long enougk to say “TI guess I'm shot,” an
then went on smoking.

Colins soon reappeared through a side door
and wanted to know what was the trouble, tHe
was polnted out to a policeman as the man who
had done the shooting and he was arrested.
Marble Identified him as his assailant.

The Injured man was taken to the New York
Hospital, where it was said that his wound was
not mortal, Before being locked up Colins told
the sergeant at the Wast Thirtieth street sta-
tion tha it was a “fake shooting.”

BEER AT PARK SODA STAND.

Mount Morris Booth Keeper Summartly Bounced
~Says He Only Gave Beer Away.

President Clausen of the Park Department
has revoked the permit of Nathniel J, Feldman
to sell soda water, peanuts and other light re-
freshments at the stand if Mount Morris Park,
Foreman Bacon at that park complained that
Feldman had sold and given away beer, He
had discovered that one of his laborers had ob-
tained beer at the booth by a simple Sherlock
Holmes operation, which consisted in noticing
carefully the beery breath of the workman.

“I had no discretion in the matter,” said Presi-
dent Clausen. "The man violated the State Excise

law, and I had no option except to bounce him.
I have the right to revoke any permit without
action on it by the board and that was the ep
I took in this case. By to-morrow 1 will have
100 applications for the privilege. Visitors at
Mount Morris Park who want soda water will
be inconvenienced only two or three days at the
longest.”

Criticism was made at the arsenal because

the police had not discovered that beer was
coming from the booth, Feldman says he did
notsell beor, He says he kept it there to give

away to his friends.

Alter the Park Board had finished its business |

yerterday some one said he was thirsty,  Prasi-
dent Claussen sent out and seoured seltzer
water as a hot day treat to all. Commissioner
Moocbus, who has a brewery uptown, sald that the
seltzer tasted extra good.

NOT AFRAID.

DR. DOZZIER
Invites Miss Jewett to Bring Her Negro Cre-
saders South and Have Them Murdered.

BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Aug. #—Dr. Orion T.
Dogzier, a well-known physician of this city,
as Supreme Commander of the Regents of the
White Shield, an organization intended to pro-

mote white supremacy, to-day mailed a letter to
Miss @illian Jewett, the Bo ston agitator, who, it is
said, purposes to lee idablack army toNewOrleans
to avenge the recent. killing of the negroes
there, Dozzier tells Miss vewett that his or-
ganization is » ready tomeet her and her Ethionian
escort and to extend such service as would be
appropriate in expressing their contempt for
one with a white skin and a black heart. He
con dudes

"So come on, tair Joan of Are, and don't
be too modest about the number of black eru-
saders you bring with you; ten thousand are
not enough Ww tax our hospitality in furnish-
ing sleeping accommodations tn our Potter's
Fields “Weraise large crops of cotton and
we have an abundant supply of rope on hand
for every emergency, an well know when
and how to use it.

 

NALF KILLED FOR WIFE BEATING,
Lawrence J. O’Brien Was Married While
Awaiting Sentence,

Mary Carroll of 510 Second avenue and Law-
rence J. O'Brien of 443 West Twenty-sixth
street were married six years ago in the Tombs
where the bridegroom was awaiting sentence
for larceny. ‘hey seemed to think that their
niarriage in jail might induce the Judge to give
O'Brien a light sentence. But it didn’t. He
was sent to prison for six years and got out last
January. Then O'Brien’s wife wouldn't live

with him and he has been annoying her ever
binge,

He met her Jast night in front of her home and
knoe ked her down and kicked her. he wom-
an’s father, Timothy Carroll, rushed down-
etairs and pitched into his son-in-law A lot
of Rast Siders who were prgucioed nates
O'Brien was a West Sider helped Carroll, and
the result of the tight was a fractured ‘skull
and broken leg for O'Brien.

He was taken to Bellevue Hospital as @ pris-
oner, Carroll was not arrested.

 

 

Hope's Caramels are eonghtd and not expensive

41 Nassau st. only.—

__NEW YORK, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900.- — COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION." 7

   
 
    
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
   
 
 

 

VAGUE REPORT FROM TIENTSIN TO
THAT EFFECT.

 

Another Despatch Says Prince Taan Has Left
Pekin to Join the Forces Opposing the
Allies—French Opposition to the Leader-
ship of Count Von Waldersee Believed to
Be Confined to the Rabid Nationalists,

Speciai Cadie Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon Aug. 10-—Gen. Chaffee’s announce-
ment of the capture of Yangtsun is the most
important nows that has been received from
China. It ia not supplemented by anything
that has been received here. Several Gov-
ernments have received despatches in refer-
ence to the Peitsang engagement, but they do
not add anything of consequence to the reports
already received.

There is some surprise at the belief reported
to be held in Tlentsin that the road to Pekin
is now open, The ground for this belief is not
Stated.

English correspondenta in Paris concur in
declaring that the opposition there to the ap-
polntment of Field Marshal Von Waldersee
is confined to the rabid Nationalists, whose
journals are very bitter regarding his selection,
General opinion acquiesces with equanimity,
especially as he cannot arrive at Tientsin
for weeks, in which time it is regarded os cer-
tain that the military and diplomatio situa-
tion will be altered materially. More-
over, though® {t is universally remarked
how strange it would be should French troops
come under the command of a Prusalan, there
can be no doubt that this alternative would be
far preferable in the present state of French
opinion to the appointment of an Englishman.
Indeed, the passive acceptance of Count Von
Walderses la probably in no small degree trace-
able to relief from the escape of having to sub-
mit to British direction.

A despatch to the Telegraph from Tientsin,
dated Aug. 2, says it is reported that friendly
Chinese are ofiing the besieged foreigners in
Pekin with food and ammunition, and that a
new party of Progressists is developing in the
capital. The gambling instincts of the Chinese,
the correspondent declares, will {nduce many
of them to cast in their lot with the foreigners.

The despatch adds that a prominent Ameri-
can offlcer says that reénforcements are neces-
sary to make an advance successful, Twenty-
nino of the Ninth Regiment’s men are on the
sick list. The Americans lack a signal corps
and surgeons,

Chinese cavalry attacked the Russian guard
at Hsiku on the morning of Aug. 2, but fled
before fifty Cossacks.

It ia reported that Prince Tuan, the head of
the anti-foreign revolt, has left Pekin and
Joined Gen, Sung, twenty miles north of Tien-
tsin.

ALLIES LOST 1,130 AT

 

PEITSANG.

Russians Head the List With Japanese and
British ta That Order,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Tonpon, Aug —A despatch to a news

in the fighting on that day the British, Japanese
and Americans advanced on the right bank
of the river and the Russians, Germans and
French on the other side. The Russians had
600 killed and the British 50. The other forces
lost heavily, but the number is not known,

A despatch to Dalriel's News Agency from
Shanghai of yesterday s date gives the total
losses in the fighting on Ang. 5 aa 1,190, divided
as follows: Russians 600, British 130 and
Japanese 400,

TRIED TO LURB ENVOYS FROM PEKIN.

Freach Minister Says They Were Told by Chi-
ese That the Powers Wished Them to Gu,

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Paris, Aug. 9.--The Government has at last
received a cnble despatch from M. Pichon,
the French Minister at Pekin, It was forwarded
from Shanghai to-day, but the date on which
it was filed at Pekin is not given, It con-
tains a reference to a previous despatch sent on
Aug. 3, which has not yet been received.

The despatch contains 144 words, which is
very close to the 150 words which a corre-
spondent of a London paper said it contained.
This has raised the question of how the corre-
spondent of an English newspaper at Shanghat
knew the contents of a French official despatch
which was only received in Paris at 3 o'clock
this afternoon, It is useless to deny that a
grave suspicion exists in France that the Png-
lish authorities who control the cables are
tampering with the despatches,

In his despatch M. Pichon says the Tsung-l!-
Yamen aaked him {f he wished to leave Pekin
under an escort. The Chinese Foreign Office
added that the Powers had demanded that this
action should be taken by the Imperial authori-
ties. M. Pichon replied that he refused to leave
unless Instructed by his Government to do so.
Moreover, he would not leave unless he was
accompanied by a force which would be suffi-
clent to protect 800 Europeans, including 200
women and children, in addition to 8,000 native
Christians. Furthermore, M. Pichon told the
Tsung-li-Yamen a Chinese escort would be in-
adequate to protect these parties in the present
condition of the country.

The Foreign Office concludes from this mea-
sage that M. Pichon will wait for a European
escort. Therefore, as immediate aid fs re-
quired, it will be impossible to await the arrival
of Field Marshal Count von Waldersee, who ia |
expected to sail from Genoa on Aug. 22, even
{f the Powers are willing to accept him as Com-
mander-in-hief, which is doubtful in the ex-
treme.

The Courrier du Soir asserts that part of Min-
ister Pichon's message is undecipherable owing
to numerous omissions, and it is believed
that these indicate deliberate excisions.
The absence of a date on the despatch
and the non-receipt of M. Pichon's former mes-
sage excite suspicion, It is stated that a mes-
sage, identical with that of M. Pichon’s, has
been sent to all the Cabinets, and that the
French Ministry has been requested to com-
municate it to any that have by
chance failed to receive it. The
message is most precise On two points,
First, that the Chinese Government
informed the Ministers that their Governments
on several occasions had demanded their de-
parture from Pekin under escort, which was
an obvious misrepresentation, and, second,
the firm decision of the Ministers not to leave
without an esoort of white troops.

M. Pichon says: “We cannot leave our posts
unless a foreign force comes to escort us. In no
case can a Chinese escort be ace 'pted,”’

 

NO VOICE TO STOP A CAR.
Hoe Has a Most Untimely Attack of
Speechlessness,

Charles Rk. Hoe of 124 Orient avenue, Jersey
City, waved bis hand to stop a car at Broadway
and Ann street yesterday afternoon. The
motor man paid no attention. Hoe tried to
s outathim but no words came. He stood in
the street working his Jaw viowstly and gestiou-
lating. A policeman thought be had beon
sunstruck and gent him to. Hudson
hosp tal. It was an attack of aphasia,
getting over it.

Street
Hoe is

Newport Excursion on Sanday.
See advertising column.—Ade

   

 

~ Generally fair;

‘

o

 

ROAD 10 PEKIN NOW QPEN? | von warpersee comine rH1s WAY. |

 

German Commander to Hurry to China—Un-
oMcial Report cf His Powers.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

RFnun, Aug, 9.—It is now stated that Field
Marshal Count von Waldersee, who las been
appointed to the command of the German
forces in China, will travel by way of San Fran-
cisco in order to arrive in China before the
troops, who were despatched ten days ago.
He is now in Berlin completing his prepara-
tions, lie received to-day a telegram trom
the Czar congratulating him on his aypoint-
ment

The Frankfurter General Anzeiger declares
that the object of the approaching campaign
is not merely the liberation of foreigners in
Pekin, but the complete subjection of the
Chinese forces, Until this is accomplished
and peace definitely concluded, not by diplo-
mata, but by the military commander-in-chief,
the troops of all nationalities will be abject
to Count von Waldersee’s authority. Ho
will have the right to dismiss officers guilty of
disobedience and to summon courts-martial
in aggravated cases. He will be allowed to
amalgamate bodies of troops of different
nationalities, and regulate the transport on
a common basis, so that the provisions of one
contingent may be appropriated for the others
in case of necessity. His instructions pro-
vide for the permanent occupation of the most
important Chineso centres until the Powers
are completely reimbursed for the expenses of
the war.

It is not known what authority the Anzeiger
has for the foregoing. There is no official
intimation of any euch international agree-
ment as alone would give such powers to
Count von Waldersee.

ROBBED THROUGH A CAR WINDOW.

 

Thief Reached In and Tore a 6900 Diamond
Farring From Mrs. Krulewitch’'s Ear.
Mrs. Betsy Krulewitch of 1652 Madison avenue
went yesterday to the office of her husband in
Birmingham street to get money to go shop-
ping with. Mr. Krulewitch owns most of the
lots on both sides of Birmingham street, After
getting the money Mrs. Krulewitch boarded an

Kast Broadway street car. When the car
reached the corner of Rutgers and Canal
streets the driver stopped to let some pas-

sengers on, A young man on the street put
his left hand over Mrs. Krulewitch’s mouth,
reaching through the window to do «0, Then
he pulled a $900 diamond earring out of her
right eur and ran away.

Mrs. Krulewitch went to a doctor and had
her torn ear attended to, Then she went to
Police Headquarters and told of the robbery.
There is no clue to the thief as Mrs. Krulewitch
did not see him.

CORPORATION TAX IN CUBA.

On Banks and Rallroads, 8 Per Cent. of Profits;
Insurance Compantes, 4 Per Cent, of Premiums
Speetai Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Havana, Aug. 0.—A decree was issued to-day
fixing the taxes to be paid by corporations.
Banks of issue and discount, stock companies,
railroad and shipping com; anies, and branches
of foreign banks doing business on the island
are to pay 8 per cent. of their net profits per
annum, Insurance companies are to pay 4 per

agency from Tientsin, dated Aug, 6, says that | cent. on the premiums collected, Annual state-

ments of the business done must be handed to
the island treasurers.

 

LOST IN GREAT SALT LAKE,

 

Party of Four, Two From Boston, Went Out
in a Small Boat and Have Not Retarned,

Savt Lake, Utah, Aug. @.—John Hobrecker
of Boston and @ woman supposed to be his sis-
ter-in-law, also from Boston, went out on Sun-
day with W. FB, Eastman and Frank Heep of
this city in a small boat on the Great Salt Lake
and have not returned, The lake isa treach-
erous, squally sheet of water, and it is feared
thatthe boat was upset and the ccoupants
drowned. Searching parties are out.

TO DISFRANCHISE HORE

 

 

NEGROES.

 

Alabama to Be the Next State to Follow in
Anti-Suffrage War.

CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Aug. 10.—Returns from

the Alabama elections show that the Populists |

and Republicans combined have chosen only

ten members of the Legislature against twenty - |

four at the last election. The outeome of the
election willbe a constitutional convention to
disfranchise the ignorant negroes.

BRYAN BACK IN CHICAGO.

 

 

Will Remain Several Days to Consult Regard-
ing Campaign Plans,

Cuicaco, Aug, 9. —Messrs, Bryan and Steven-
son and others of the party who went to
Indianapolis to attend the notification exercises,
returned to Chicago late to-night. Mr. Bryan
will remain here some days, talking
over campaign plans with members
of the Democratic National Commit-
tee. Besides the Executive Committeemen,
who are here regularly, several other members
of the committee came to-day and others are
expected to-morrow. These committeemen
will diseuss with Mr, Brvan plans tor the Dem-
ocratic campaign, especialy with reference to
the part he will take inft. They will talk over

the itinerary for a spesking tour for him
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 9 ~The Bryan-Stevanson
narty spent ashorttme in the parlors of the
Grand Hot | this morning and held an inform«l
reception, at which many Democrats were

resent to bid the nominees good-by. Mr
ryan declined to discuss politics,
“Lhave two notification meetings yet," he

said, “and my letter of acce’ tance is to be de-
livered. I shall make an addressatthe National
Grand Army Encampment, one in Indianapolis
when the Democratic League of Clubs meets,
and another on Labor Day atsome place to be
determined Those are all the engageme nts I
have before me.

Through the inadvertence of Mayor Tag-
gart, Mr. Bryan and Mr Stevenson and their

parties narrowly escaped being sent East on
a Pennsylvaniatrain. The special parlor ear
provided for them was on the last
track at the east end of the train shed.
and the regular train to which = it
was to be attached had not arrived, but the

second track was he'd for it. Mavor Taggart
did not know of this arrangement and had con-
ducted the party to the wrong train before the
error was discovered. The party soon left for
Chicago,

 

SHOT A HOG FOR ay EN GIRLS

Policeman Marches Out of a Boarding House
With a Dead Pug Pendant,

A girl with a pink shirt walst stopped Police-
man Klein of the Fifth street station shortly
before 6 o'clock last night with this request

"Plewe, Mr. Policeman, will you be so kind
as to kill a mad dog in our boarding house at
108 East Twefih street?’

With plecaure,” said the cop

The pi k-waisted girl led Klein tothe third
floor of the house and found half a dozen Ho-
boken actresses penned ina rear room. They
had puta table against the door to prevent
“Piney,” the pug, from breaking in’ Piney
was circiing about the hall, snapping atthe
balustrade The policeman shot him and ear-
ried him into the street by the tail

Car Knocks Down the Chambers Street Cop.

While Policeman Martin Morrison of the

Broadway squad and A. Lindberg of 195 Nevina
street, Hrookiyn, were crossing Broadway a
Chambers atree! yesterday afternoon, as
were knocked down by a northboun dcable car.
Morrison was bruised on the head and arms.
Lindberg was not burt

— ——-——.

Holmes Agnew Arrested Again.

Holmes Agnew, who has been arrested a
dozen times in the hotel district and once in
London, was arrested agin last night for
collecting a crowd at Broad way and ‘I wenty-
eichth street by shouting: “It only costa @
nickel to be a sport.’ ‘

 

 

 

  

weet winds,

PRICE TWO CENTS. —

 

ES

ALLIES’ SWIFT ADVANC:

 

Yangtsun Taken 12 Hours
After Peitsang,

ne ar

AMERICANS IN THE FIGHT.

 

Chaffee Reports the Victory and
His Losses,

 

Army Officers Believe That the Chinese Are
Now Demoralized and in Flight—Sarmise
That They May Not Give Battle Again Out-
side the Gates of Pekin—Two Routes Open
te the Advancing Eorce—Importance of

Railroad = Commaatcation

With Tientsin-Stege Guns Likely to Be

Needed to Batter in the Ancient Wall.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.—The international re-
hef expedition which left Tientsin last Friday
night to rescue the foreig) Ministers in Pekin is
exceeding the most sanguins expectations. In
less than five days a force of about 15,000 troops
has marohed about twenty-five miles through a
hostile country and given battle to about

30,000 Chinese, who were undoubt-
ediy defeated with heavy loss in each
engagement It was wot expected that

Yangteun would be occupied without an en-
eegement which it was thought would mean
heavy losses on both sides. The report received
from Gen. Chaffee this afternoon makes it ap-
pear that there was litUle reristance on the road
from Pe.tsang to Yangtsun, and that th»
latter place was occupied within less than
twelve hours after leaving (he svene of the last
battle, about fifteen miles away.

The first news of the occupationo£ Yangtsun
came in a brief cable message from Major
Scriven, chief signal officer of the American
expedition. Major Scriven's message was
directed to the Signal Office in Washington and
eaid:

“Ava, @--Yangtsun captured
up. Need own transportation,

to-day. Wire
All weil.

“SCRIVEN,”

The hour when this despatch was filed was
not given, but there was no doubt as toits au-
thenticity and War Department officials simply
wondered. The last information received yes-
terday afterncon from Gen. Chaffee was dated
Peitsang, Aug. 5, and, reportiug the result of a
battle at that place, he explained that
the allied troops would crose the Pei-
ho the next morning and move on Yangtsun.
That this move could be accomplished in
lees than twelve hours was not even thougat of
here. Gen. Chaffee had previously r ported
that the Chinese forces between Peitsang and
Yangtsun numbered 80,000, and it was the
opinion of army officers that the enemy would
not retreat beyond Yangtsun, It now appears
that the allied forces completely routed the
| Chinese at Peitsang and that, becoming utteriy
demoralized, the latter fled toward Pekin.

The astonishment at the news conveyed by
Major Scriven had hardly diminished when ad-
vices were received from Gen. Chaffee. These
came to the War Department at 2:38 by way of
Chefoo and were dated Aug. 6, presumably at
| Yangtsun. The despatch said:

“Yangtsun occupied to-day. Wounded,
Second Lieut. Frank R. Lang, Ninth United
States Infantry, moderate, and casualties
about sixty enlisted men, Ninth Infantry,
Fourteenth Infantry, Battery F, Fifth United
States Artillery. Nearly all from Fourteenth
Infantry. Nameslater, Many men prostrated
| heat and fatigue.”

This showed that It was not without some
opposition that the allied forces had been able to
| march about fifteen miles and occupy such an
important place as Yangtsun, The despatoh
also proved that the American troops had
taken an active partin the movement.

As Yangtsun was the immediate objective
of the international forces, it {s the opinion here
that the troops did not move from thers with-
outatleasta day's rest. In fact, It is believ d
that two days were spent at Yangtsun for the
Purpose of reorganizing the different com-
munds, perfecting the lines of communica-
tion With Tientsin and = awaiting
the arrival of the Sixth Cavalry, which
should have been ready by Tuesday or
Wednesday to push out to the front, Another
reason for a delay at Yangtsun is that when
the troops left Tientsin the commanders had
not agreed upon any plan of organization
other than making Yangteun their immediate
objective. According to information received
| from Gen, Chaffee, it was decided that as soon
as Yangtsun was reached there should be an-
other conlerence of the commanders for the
purpose cf selecting the line of march from
there to Pekin or some other place on the way
to the Imperial city

At Yangtsun the railroad and the Petho di-
verge, so thal the commanders Would be com-
pelled to decide whether the relief expedition
should push along the line of the railroad in
one body, or whether it should march along the
river route. A third proposition which would
be made, in all probability, would contemplate
a division of theexpedition at Yangtsun,
part pushing iis way along the river and part
moving up the railroad. While this was sug-
gested by one of the army ofMfoers in the War
Departinent as likely to be considered, other
officers are of the oy inion that the international
army would find it better to move in one body
along the railroad and thereby make
sure of its line of communication, It is
pointed out that a division of the troops would
make necessary the establishment of two lines
of communication, while if the entire body
moved up the railroad track it would be better
prepared to give battle to any great body of
the enemy and at the same time would be able
to hold ita line of communication with less dif-

fleulty.
There is considerable favorable comment on

the work of the signal corps in getting its wires
up so as to send the news of the occupation of
Yangtsun practically as soon as the troops en-
tered

Some of the army officers are of the opinion
that Lang Fang on the railroad will be the next
objective of the allies. It was here that Ad-
miral Seymour had his battle with the Chinese,
and the place has a number of natural advan-
tages which would commendit to tLe Chinese
as a ground on which to reorganize and meet the
advancing troops. There is a general belief
: aere, however, that the Chinese, now that they
!

 

are in full retreat, will not stop south of Pekin,
but will make for the walled city aod reenforce
They beliewa the city wall to
and, knowing that

the army there
be absolutely invulnerable,

| tne purpose of the rescuing party isto go
to Pekin, it ia not uniikely that) they
will fall back to the eity and pre-

pare intrenchments and otherwive fortify the
| place against attack Tf this be true it) will
take the allied troops only a short tine toreach
the gates of Pekin) They occupied Yangtaung
onMo:day As (hisis about twenty-five miles
from Tien'sin and about fifty-five from