eae ne

Sst

Re

By

Pe atk

ae

 

 

ener arene Gian

acre

™s

a ee

 

Lr

ame:

 

Pekin, it wil be seon that the troops had com | WHAT WE EXPECT OF CHINA

ered about one third of the distance on Monday
night. Allowing them two days in Yangtsun,
they would have left there Thursday mornin,
and if they meet with no opposition on the way
will reach Pekin before the beginning of an-
other week

pill in sight of Pekin, the allied troops will
be compelled to meet the Chinese troops and
battle for strategic positions overlooking the
city. If the international forces continue to
meet with opposition from the enemy
inside the walls, heavy artillery and power-
ful siege guns will have to be brought into
use for the purpose of making a breach

in the ancient wails, To get in shape for
this work will occupy some time,
as these guns will have to be taken

from Tientsin. The importance of keeping the
railroad in proper shape for the transportation
of these guns can readily be seen, as it would
be impo alble to haul them through the swaraps
and rice flelds that line the way to Pekin, Itis
calonlated by army officers that uncer the most
favorable conditions it will take fully another
week before the allies can get into Pekin, and
this is based on the supposition that the siege
guna will be able to inflict sufficient damage to
enable the troops to enter the city.

COMMAND OF THE ALLIES.

 

Washington Will Make No Immediate Reply to
Germany's Proposal.
WaSHINOTON, Aug. 9—The suggestion that
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee be selected
to command the allied forces in China has been
conveyed to the United States by the German
Government through the usual diplomatic
channels and has been recelved in @ manner
that must be gratifying to Germany. No an-
awer to the suggestion has been returned by
this Government and none will be returned
until after the President’s return to Washing-
ton next week, when he will have an oppor-
tunity of consulting personally with his official
advisers on the subject. While favorably
inclined toward the designation of the great
German soldier for the supreme command in
China, the Government desires first to have
an understanding with the Powers as to the
extent of the authority to be intrusted to the
international leader and the character and
scope of his relations toward the American
military contingent on Chinese soil, It will
be for the President to determine what meas-
urea are necessary fo open negotiations on
thie aubject, and to define the attitude of the
United States during their continuance. The
Government is anxious to avoid friction tn the
future and that is its only reason for desiring
to have an understanding in the beginning.

Some weeks ago, when the allied command-
era at Tientsin were arranging plans for an
advance on Pekin, it was explained by officials
here that if they did not succeed in selecting
a commander-in-chief of the allied forces, the
Powers would take up the matter among them-
selves and make a selection quickly. The
lact that no commander-in-chief was chosen
would indicate that the allied commanders
Jailed to harmonize on that question, but the
assertion was made to THE SUN reporter to-day
that there had been no disagreement and the
suggestion of the German Government In re-
gard to Count von Waldersee had been made
with reference to the future and not In con-
nection with the Pekin campaign

The reporter learned that acquiescence by
the United States in the designation of Count
von Waldersee as commander-in-chief must
not be construed as committing the United
States to any policy which would involve the
use of foreign troops after the Pekin campaign
had been concluded. Germany's suggestion
was made in the understanding that extended
operations would be necessary. This has been
made known to the (jovernment in connection
with the information that Count von Walder-
see does not intend to leave Germany for sev-
eral weeks and cannot be on Chinese soil for
at least two months. The United States have
no other purposes {n retaining troops in China
than to rescue the Ministers, protect foreign-
ersand restore order. Should consent be given
to the designation of Count von Waldersee
as commander-in-chief and the purposes men-
tioned be accomplished with the fall of Pekin,
the United States Government will not nave
committed itself to any future military opera-
tions by agreeing to Von Waldersee’s selection
and may withdraw !te forces from China with-
out breaking any compact.

It is realized, however, that the fall of Pekin
will hardly end the present troubles. There
would remain to be adjusted the question of
compensation for the outrages inflicted on the
ives and property of American citizens, and
the United States would require satisfactory
evidence that order would be maintained and
American citizens and their interests be pro-
tected throughout the Empire. It may be and
Probably will be necessary to retain American
troops in China while those arrangements are
being made, particularly because this Giovern-
ment has a deep interest in the political aspect
of the Chinese question, and should the use of
the foreign forces be necessary to restore and
maintain order, the soldiers and marines of the
United States would, of course, do their share
of the work

MISSIONARIES FLEE TO SIBERIA,

 

Nows Received Here That a Namber Are Safo
in That Coantry,

° The Christian and Missionary Alliance of this
city was notified yesterday by Acting Secretary
of State Adee at Washington that the follow-
ing despatch, dated Aug. 6, had been received
by the Department from the United States
Embassy at St, Petersburg:

“Have been informed by Swedish Minister
that eleven Swedish missionaries with their
families, seventeen in all, claiming associa-
tion with the New York Christian Alliance,
refugees from Kalgan, quite destitute, have
applied to him for 5,000 roubles. The Swedish
Mintater asked me whether the Christian and
Missionary Alliance will assist them and to
what extent.”

The despatch was forwarded from New
York to the Rev. A. B. Simpson, President
and general superintendent of the Alliance,
who {9 at present conducting revival services
at Old Orchard, Me. George Martin, acting
superintendent, said yesterday that $3,000
would he cabled promptly for the relief of the
Kalgan missionaries

The Alliance had forty foreign missionaries
most of whom came from Sweden, located
north of the great wall) The headquarters
of the mission were in the city of Kwei Aua

Cheng and substations were at Chong-
nei and Ning-hsia. The officers of the
Alliance are of the opinion that all of its mis-
ionaries in the Mongolian district have been
from their = stations

riven ft and have
taken refuge in Siberia The Alliance has
also received information that Mr. and Mrs.

August Larson, Mr. and Mrs. CL. Lundberg
and Mr, and Mra, Charles Soderbaum of the
North China mission are safe at Urga, Siberia
they having made their escape overland
through Mongolia. The missionaries of the
American Board of Foreign Missions stationed
at Kalgan have also been reported safe at
Uraa. The escape of these missionaries from
Northern China to Siberia leads the officers of
the American Board and of the Aliiance to
believe that their missionaries in the province
of Shan-si, for whom great anxiety has been
felt have escaped and will be heard from in
Siberia

rhe Rev. 4B. Leonard, Corresponding Seere-
tary of the Methodist Foreign Mission Board,
received a cablegram yesterday from Kobe,
Japan, announcing the safe arrival there from
the Foochow mission, China, of the Rev. James
Simester and wife, the Rev. W. H. Laev and
Wife, Miss Sarah M. Bosworth, Mrs. Julia W
Pitinb and Miss Isabel D. Longstreet. Mr
and Mrs James Simester were sent out by the
Newark, N..1., Conference. The women were

All instructors in the Anglo-Chinese College at
oochow j
Dr. Teonard was informed vesterday that

the State Department at Washington had re

ceived a despatch trom Consul Fowler at Chefoo
stating that the Methodist mission at Han Kailf
had been destroyed. Dr. Leonard sald that he

did not know of any Methodist mission at the

town named, but it was barely possible that

there may have been an ontlying station of that
pame e the Tientsin distriet, where all the

Methodist mission property has be

Sere Property has been reported

Collier Sterling Ordered to China.

ieee Aug. 9 The collier Sterling is
putin commission for service in (hi
Waters Repairs to cover fifty days have beg

ordera on the vess»)

TEXT OF THE MEMORANDUM HANDED
TO MINISTER WU.

Immediate Cessation of Firing on the Lega-
by Imperial Troops Demanded--The
Pekin Government Plainly Informed That
Its Good Faith I, on Trial~No Ultimatam.

Wasntnaton, Aug. ®- The communication
of the United States Government delivered
to Minister Wu last night was made public
by the State Department to-day. As was said
in THE Sun this morning it is tn the form of
a memorandum for the benefit of Minister
Wn and the Chinese Government. It does
not partake of the nature of an ultimatum,
but is intended to emphasize the conditions
laid down by the President in his response
to the Chinese Emperor's appeal for mediat on,
which it follows closely. Practically its only
divergence from the President's communi-
cation {s the statement that “we demand the
immediate cessation of hostile attacks by Gov-
ernment troops upon the legations.” This
demand {a made as a right conforming to the
assurances of the Chinese Govern-
ment that it {s protecting the Minis-
ters. The memorandum does not contain the
proposition, which the authorities here were
understood to have decided to incorporate in
t, that part of the allied forces be permitted to
enter Pekin under a flag of truce to take the
Ministers therefrom. From what was learned
to-day this proposition was adopted but aa it
was a military and not a diplomatic matter
the decision to incorporate it in the memoran-
dum was reconsidered, probably at the sug-
gestion of the President, who directed that
certain changes be made in the communication.
It is probable also that the proposition that the
allies enter Pekin under the white flag to rescue
the Ministers will be transmitted to Gen. Chaffee
for submission by him to the Imperial author-
ities when the allies arrive at the gates of the
Chinese capital. The text of the memorandum
follows:

“We are availing ourselves of the oppor-
tunity offered by the Impertal edict of the Sth
of August, allowing to the foreign Ministers
free communication with their respective
Governments in cipher, and have sent a com-
munication to Minister Conger, to which we
awalt an answer.

“We are already advised by him, in a brief
despatch received Aug. 7, that Imperial troops
are firing dally upon the Ministers in Pekin.
We demand the immediate cessation of hostile
attacks by Government troops upon the legations
and urge the exercise of every power and energy
of the Imperial Government for the protection
of the legations and all foreigners therein.

“We are also advised by the same despatch
from Minister Conger that, in his opinion,
for the foreign Ministers to leave Pekin, as
proposed in the edict of Aug. 2, would be cer-
tain death. In view of the fact that the Imper-
jal troops are now firing upon the legations,
and in view of the doubt expressed by the
Imperial Government in its edict of Aug, 2
as to its power to restore order and secure
absolute safety in Pekin, it is evident that this
apprehension is well founded, for if your (ov-
ernment cannot protect our Minister in Pekin
it will presumably be unable to protect him
on a Journey from Pekin to the coast.

“We therefore urge upon the Imperial Gov-
ernment that it shall adopt the course sug-
gested in the third clause of the letter of the
President to his Majesty the Emperor of China,
of July 23, 1900, and enter into communication
with the relief expedition so that oodperation
may be secured between them for the libera-
tion of the legations, the protection of the for-
eigners and the restoration of order. Such
action on the part of the Imperial Govern-
ment would be a satisfactory demonstration
of its friendliness and desire to attain these
ends. Auvzry A. ADEE, Acting Secretary.”

“DEPARTMENT OP STATB, WASHINGTON, Aug.

®, 1900."

Acting Secretary of State Adee, through
whom the communication was transmitted to
Minister Wu, explained to-day why it was called
@ memorandum. He said that it was intended
to be a reply to certain statements presented
to the State Department by Minister Wu con-
cerning the attitude of the Chinese Govern-
ment, These statements were tho edicts direct-
ing that the Ministers be protected and removed
to a place of safety and that full and free com-
munication between the Ministers and their
governments in cipher be permitted. The
United States Government therefore deemed
it advisable to define for the benefit of Minister
Wu and the Imperial authorities the attitude
which it had assumed. The text of the mem-
orandum was transmitted by Minister Wu to
the Chinese Government to-day in the cipher
code of the Tsung-li-Yamen or Foreign Office.
Secretary Root is the author of the communi-
cation. It was written by him after consulta-
tion with the President over the long-distance
telephone from the White House to the Presi-
dent's home in Canton.

The Government officials are well satisfied
with the memorandum. They feel confident
that it will have the effect desired on the (hi-
nese authorities. Every bit of official informa-
tion from China indicates that the Pekin Gov-
ernment is beginning to weaken, and as evi-
dence of this attention is called by officials
here to the abrogation of the edict forbidding
communication between the Ministers and
the Powers in cipher, and the edicts insisting
that the Ministers are being protected and well
provided for. The importunate and concilia-
tory character of these edicts gives great hope
to the United States Government that the
Chinese will sue for terms when the allies draw
near to Pekin.

From officials of the highest standing
THe Stn reporter learns that the memor-
andum is not intended as an ultimatum, be-
cause the Government believes that the time
for an ultimatum has not arrived. The demand
that the firing on the legations cease immedi-
ately is asserted as aright consistent with the
professions of the Chinese Government that it
is still on friendly terms with the Powers and
is protecting their Ministers. “Immediate”
means that this Government insists that as soon
as the memorandum is recetved by the Imperial
authorities {in Pekin they must see that the
firing ceases or take the consequences of failure
to do so. The Chinese authorities will under-
stand this plain language, and their real attitude
will be shown by compliance with or indiffer-
ence to the demand.

One important point in the memorandum
is that which refers to the message in cipher
sent to Minister Conger. It is made clear
to the Chinese Government that it can show
whether its professions about the transmis-
sion of cipher despatches between the Min-
isters and the Powers are genuine or not by
delivering the message to Minister Conger
and permitting his reply to be forwarded to
Washington, Practically no doubt is felt
here about the sincerity of the Chinese an-
thorities In regard to the transmission of cipher
messages, and there is a pretty general opin-
jon that the Pekin Government will make a
special effort to expedite the transmission of
Mr. Conger’s response,

 

  

MESSAGE FROM SIR ROBERT HART.

 

“Happily, 1 Am Still Al.ve,"' Says the Director
of the Chinese Customs,
Special Cadle Despatch io THE SUN,

Lonpon, Aug. % ~The office af the Inspector-
General of the Chinese Customs has received a
telegraph from the Commissioner at Shanghai
stating that he had received a telegram from
Sir Robert Hart, Director of the Imperial
Chinese Customs, dated Pekin, July 27, begin-
ning, ‘Happily, I am still alive,’’ and showing
that he was still conducting the customs
business,

 

 

Money Orders for Soldiers in China.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.—The Post Office De-
partment has announced the completion of ar-
rangements forthe establishment of a money
order department at postal station No. 1 in
China through which the friends of soldiers

may trom now on remit any sum they desire to
men atthe frontatthe regular domestic rate
of 39 cents per $100, The station will be at the
preront practical place to the basis of opera-

END

 

CHINA TO Prove HER wonesty. | TWIH'S FLOCK IN TEARS.

Origtoals of Despatches From Mialsters to Be
Sent to Consuls,

WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.--Evidence that the Chi-
nese Government is acting in good faith in its
declaration that the foreign Ministers in
Pekin will be permitted to oommunicate
freely with their Governments in cipher
was furnished to the State Department in
a despatch received from John Fowler, United
States Con-ul at Chefoo. Mr. Fowler's action
in asking the Governor of Shantung for the
original of tne Conger message of July 17, to
ascertain whether it was genuine, has borne
fruit in a proposition of the Imperial au-
thorities to send the originals of all de-
spatches from the Ministers to their respective
Conauls for verification. Mr. Fowler's despatch
shows that he has again acted with that fore-
sight and promptness which has characterized
his official conduct in protesting against
limiting’ correspondence between Mr. Conger
and the United States Government. The
despatch from the Consul, which is self-ex-
planatory, follows:

“CHeroo, Aug. 9, 10:58 P. M.
“Secretary of State, Washington.

“Morning &sth.—Telegraphed Governor (of
Shantung) yesterday protesting against limit-
ing correspondence with Conger and requesting
Governor to forward Pekin, Governor tele-
graphs following:

* "Received note from Tsung-l!-Yamen dated
Sth. Yamen just received edict permitting Miu-
isters to have peaceful secret telegraphic com-
munication with their countries. Al! Ministers
at Pekin have telegrams for transmission to
their governments. It is pronosed after de-
spatohing same to send originals to Consuls for
verification.’ Fow.er.”

 

AUSTRIAN SECRETARY REPORTS.

Holding Out in French Legation om Aug. @
Refuses to Leave Pekin.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Vienna, Aug. 8 —The Foreign Office has re
ceived the following despatch from Dr. A.
de Roasthorn, Secretary of the Austrian Lega-
tion at Pekin, dated Aug. 4:

“The legation was burned on June 21. Since
June 20 we have defended with the French de-
tachment the French Legation, which has been
continuously under shell and rifle fire, Part
of the legation was blown up by mines, Our
losses have been Thomann and three sailors
killed, and Boyneburg and two others seriously
wounded, but now out of danger.

“Since July 16 the attacks have been without
effect.

“The Chinese Government te trying to in-
duce us to leave for Tientain, promising us safe
escort. We have hitherto declined this offer.”

METHODIST MISSION DESTROYED.

Outrage Reported at{a Place in China Which
Can't Be Definitely Located.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 9 In atelegram to the
State Department, Consul-General Goodnow at
Shanghai reporta that the Methodist property,
at Han Kialf had been destroyed on July 29.
The State Department has advised the Misston-
ary Soctety of the Methodist Episcopal Church
at New York. The town of Han Kialf cannot
be located on the maps at the State Depart-
ment. Itis supposed that the spelling of the
name became mangled in transmission.

The Missionary Society of the Methodist
Episcopal Church has a mission station at
Han Klaling, which 1s in the Kiukiang district,
Kiukiang is a town on the Yang-tseKilang
100 miles above Nankin.

 

LANDING OF TROOPS AT SHANGHAI.

 

Consel-General Goodnow Said to Disapprove
of British Admiral’s Pian.

Wasninoton, Aug. 9.--The State Depart-
ment has received «a despatch from Consul-
General Goodnow at Shanghai in regard to
the intention of the British Vice-Admiral Sey-
mour to land troops there. The Department
declines to give any details of the contents of
the despatch, but it is indicated that Mr. Good-
now does not approve of Admiral Seymour's
intention. Copies of the despatch were sent
to the War and Navy Departments for their
information.

 

OUR POST OFFICE IN CHINA.

Will Be Pat in Operation at Take and Will
Benefit the Soldiers Largely.

New ORLEANS, La, Aug. 9- Granville M.
Aunt, an experienced man in the United States
Postal Service, reached New Orleans last night
on his way to China to establish a floating post
office forthe benefit of the American troops
fighting in the Orient. Mr. Hunt is taking
with him $10,000 worth of postage stamps for
the use of the soldiers. This office will be ea-
tablished at Taku, the nearest seaport from
Teintsin. The transports will touch there
and the mails will be made up from that point.

Mr. Hunt, officially speaking, will be the
postal agent at Taku, China, He is preceding
his five associates in the work, as he will look
after supplies. H. M. Robinson, chief clerk
in the Railway Mail Service at Atlanta, Ga.,

will be the Director of Posts in China, holding
the same office that Mr, Vaille holds in the Philip-
yjine Islands, He will be assisted by George
fr Sholer of Washington, Max Fox of New
York and Mr. Durst _of Baltimore. The
party will meet in San Francisco on Aug. 16,
and sail from there to China,

The Chinese station will be a sub-station of
the San Francisco Post Office. Nagasaki,
Japan, where the transports touch, will be made
a Maa of operations All American soldiers
will have the benefit of domestic postal yates
while they are in China. Letters addressed
to a soldier, giving his regiment and company,
showing that he is In China, will reach him
safely. The missive will be pouched for Taku,
when it will be distributed and sent to the
destination.

LONG DOESN'T EXPECT WAR.

 

Secretary of the Navy Also Believes the Minis-
ters at Pekin WilifBe Saved,

Boston, Aug. 9.--Secretary of the Navy
Long seemed as optimistic as ever {n speak-
ing of the situation in China previous to his
departure for Buckfleld, Me., last evening.
He said that an extra session of Congress on
account of the Chiaese troubles was highly
improbable

“T hardly think there will be any war with
China,” he said, “and I believe the members
of our legation will be delivered safely into
American hands before any great crisis is
reached,”

Mr. ong gave as his reasons for this opinion
the fact that the lives of the Ministers have
been kept from harm so long by the efforts
of the conservative party in China. Ha be-
lieved that if our Ministers were placed in our
hands that part of the United States Army
in_the Chinese fleld would be withdrawn. —

Mr. Long waa not very talkative on political
matters, although he was certain of Renublican
victory this fall. He said the Administration
had had matters of a very serious nature to
deal with and he believed it had gained the
confidence of the people throughout the country

Cossacks Capture a Chinese General,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

St. Perenrspune, Aug. 9 Advices have been
received here to the effect that the Cossacks
who were sent to clear the Chinese from the
banks ofthe Aigun River captured a Chinese
Ge neral and five other officers,

 

 

BODY TO CLINIC: SOUL TO Gon.
The Declaration of a Young Negro Woman
Abont to Attempt Suicide.

Cora Hayes, a young and educated negro
woman, wh) has been living at 202 West Thirty-
seventh street, wrote a letter to her landlady
yesterday which ended with these words:

“My body I leave to Dr, Lester of the Vander-
bilt Clinie; my soul I leave to the tender mercies
of God

Then she put the tube from the gas jet into
her mouth and inhaled gas until she became
unconscious. The landlady, Mrs, Louisa Smith.
found her lying on the floor, She was hurried
off to Roosevelt Hospital, where Dr. Hodgson
suceseded in reviving her Her first words
were "Why didn't you let me die?”

The young woman came trom Scranton, Pa.,
a few week ago and has been trying unsuccess-
fully to get work as a dressmaker. She has
been il much of the time and was attended by
physicians at the Vanderbilt Clinic,

‘

Ss SSS SSS SSS SSS sss sls SSS SSS SSS
Se

 

WEEPING FAREWELL TO HIM IN

CHICAGO CHOKES TRAFFIC.

 

The Leader of the Zionists Starts for the Holy
Land and Thousands Crowd the Station to

  

FIRE INSURANCE AGREEMENT.
Fifty-eight Companies Sign at a Conference
Held at Long Branch.

Lono Brancn, N.J., Aug. 9.--The leading fire
insurance companies doing business in the
United States were represented ata conference
held at the West End Hotel this afternoon. F.

See Him Off—Exhortations to His Followers | C, Irvin of Philadelphia, President of the asso-

~Fear That He May Never Come Back. |

Cuicaco, Aug. 9—"Dr." John Alexander
Dowie, “Overseer on Earth of the Christian
Catholic Church,” left Chicago to-day for a trip

 

ciation, presided

At the close of last year President F. C. Irvin
of the National Board of Fire Underwriters
sentaletter to the members, reviewing the

through the Holy Land. His departure furnished | serious condition of the fire insurance busibess
oocasion for aremarkable demonstration of the | and suggesting that a committee be appointed

alfection felt for him by his followers. It has
been known in “Zion” for several weeks that
Dr. Dowie would leave this afternoon and
thousands prepared to witness his leave taking
The men among the Zionists are for the most
part workingmen and they cheerfully lost a
day's wages to show their regard for their leader
and the women as readily and-cheerfully fo!-
lowed their example.

Although the start was not to be made til
10:30 o'clock this forenoon, the streets in the
vicinity of Zion began to fill long before that
hour. When the doctor's handsome private
carriage drew up a way was opened through
the crowd by the Zion Guards, an organization
of young men who aerve without pay, the pur-
pose of which is to protect Dr. Dowie from
assassination, When the start for the sta-
tion was made a squad of guards preceded the
carriage, while others walked at the sides and
the great mass of Zionites fellin behind, form-
ing 4 disordered but not disorderly procession,
On reaching the Michigan Central station
the crush to grasp the “Doctor's” hand and
bid him godspeed was so great that all traffic
was suspended. Men wept and women wailed.
Some one began to singaZioniiehymn. The
refrain was caught up here and there and
goon the entire mass was singing. As the
Zionites are trained in congregational or cho-
rous singing, the effect was far from displeas-
ing. Atter the second hymn Dr. Dowie raised
his hand and the hum of voices hushed.

“What is your watchword?” he asked,

“Mizpah.” A

“Be faithful, then, even unto death.

“Amen,” cried the crowd.

The rush to shake his hand then began and he
was pulled this way and that by Zionites.

“I cannot say much, I want to thank you
for this great love God has put in your hearts
for me. 1 love you all, I thank you for the
help you have been to mesince Mistress Dowie
and f and our two children came through the
Golden Gate twelve years and two months ago,
Then we were only two in Zion, _ Now there are
60,000. Remember your signal.”

“Forward,” shouted the audience.

“I shall return.”

“Amen,” said the crowd

Then the crying began again and the station
officials hurried the doctor and his party to the
train

Some doubt {3 expressed in Zion ranks about
“Doctor” Dowle’s return, Some members
of the congregation say they are not sure he
will come ack, They think that he will re-
a abroad where he will not be distressed

y enemies,

The General Overseer will be in close com-
munication with his institution while he is
away. It was not so long ago that he said
he was not as sure as he might be of the stead-
fastness of some of his elders. There has been
no active rebellion, but the overseer, his con-
stituents say, does not talk about discipline
without @ reason.

The community of Zion, though but seven
years old, has apnansed property worth at least
$1,000,000, all of which is in the name of Dr.
John Alexander Dowie, not as trustee but as
absolute owner.

STRIKES IN

 

PORTO RICO.

Socialists in the Building Trades Demand In-
creased Wages.

The leaders of the Social Democratio party
in this city received notice yesterday that all the
carpenters, bricklayers and laborers in San
Juan, Porto Rico, were on strike. The news
was forwarded by the strike committee of the
Federation Libre with which the striking unions
are affiliated. The telegram states that the
strikers are badly off and asks the Social Demo-

crats to send financial aid. The Federation
Libre is a central labor body in San Juan which
was organized by the Socialists,

From advices received by the Socialist leaders
here it appears that the strike was caused by
the report that on Aug. | and after Porto Rican
silver would not be taken in exchange by the
United States. This report caused a rapid rise
in the prices of commodities based on the sup-
position that the standard coin in Porto Rice,
the peso, would be depreciated or perhaps go
out of existence altogether. The unions de-
cided to demand a proportionate increase in
wages. A peso is supposed to be worth 60 cents
and the workers are emgpding American dol-
lars instead of pesos. The bricklayers and
masons, who received three os a day, have
struck for three American dollars a day and
the laborers demand a like increase in wages.

It was represented to them by their employers
that the rise in prices of commodities was the
result of panic, but the strikers say that all the
same the enhanced cost of living makes it im-
possible to live on the old wages.

UNION PRINTING LAW INVALID.

Atlanta's City Printing Label Ordinance De-
clared to Be Unconstitational,

Atuanta, Ga, Aug. 9.- The Grady Union
Label ordinance, passed by the City Counctl
some time ago, which required that all the city
printing should bear the union label, was to-
day declared illegal by the Supreme Court of
Georgia. The court also held that such a pro-
cedure would tend to encourage monopoly and
defeat competition. The decision is one of the
most important handed down by the court this
session, as it involves the right of any city to

aas such an ordinance as was adopted by the
Rit y Council of Atlanta.

udge J. H,. Lumpkin of the Superior Court
of Fulton county held that the Council had no
right to pase such an ordinance. ‘The non-union
printers of the city fought the movement, when
t was adopted by the Counell. The case was
first carried to the Superior Court by them
and afterward to the Supreme Court by the
union printers,

The ordinance as adopted would have pre-
vented the non-union printers from bidding
for the city printi and it was for this
reason that the fight was made. The con-
tention of the non-union printers was
that the ordinance was unconstitutional, and
the Supreme Court sustained the contention,
afirming the decision of Judge Lumpkin.
eoaunee printers hereafter may bid for city
work.

Striking Pavers Gain Their Demands.

The strike of the 200 pavers employed by
the New York Sand and Gravel Company,
the Uvalde Asphalt Company and the Stan-
dard Asphalt Company, which went into effect
on Wednesday was settled yesterday. The
employers undertook to see that the men were
not overworked, one of the principle causes of
the strike being that they were required to do
nearly twice as much work in a day as the
union rules allow, according to the strikers. It
was also agreed that one rammerman should
be employed to every two pavers instead of as
heretofore one rammerman to every four or
five pavers. No advance in wages was de-
manded by the strikers.

 

Cigarmakers’ Strike Still Unsettled.

A conference lasting about four hours was
held yesterday in Delmonico’s between repre-
sentatives of the striking cigarmakers gnd the
manufacturers with a view to settling the
strike. The strikers’ latest demands are the
reinstatement of all the old hands, the dismis-al
of all the new ones, an all-around increase in
wages and the unionizing of all the factories,
The conference adjourned without any aer-e-
ment being reached, and another will be held in
a few days.

Anthracite Men Feur a Strike.

The August letter of the Anthracite Coal
Operators’ Association says that in the Fastern
market there has been a growing realization of
the possibility of labor dificuities and of a re-
stricted supply during the winter. To provide
for this, it says, orders are being placed for
delivery as far in advance as the comp inies will
necept. It elso says that tne agitation for
higher wages is simply a demand for prosp=rity
wages in depressed times. Combination to re-
sist the demands of the miners’ organizition is
advocated

KANSAS CORN CROP FALLS OFP,
Will Be About Half the Normal Yield This
Year -Wheat Crop Larger Than Ever.

ToreKa, Kan., Aug. 9- The State Board of
Agriculture late to-night issued a quarterly
Teport containing the firstofficial figures on this
year’s corn and wheat cropin Kansas) The corn
yield will be less than halfacrop. Returns from
more than 1,000 school districts in Kansas make
the estimate 56 per cent. These estimates
were dated Aug. 4 Sinee then hot winds have
prevallee, and Secretary Coburn expresses the
velief that half a crop is better than can reason-
ably be expected.

The wheat crop is a more cheerful story. The
harvest is practically ended, and returns show
a total yield of a trifle more than 78,000,000
bushels. Thisis the largest wheat crop ever
powuecs many yeas by any American Stata

1” report further shows that oats, rye, ha:
flax and alfaifaare ina flattering condition’

7 S 4 |

to prepare a plan of reform to be submitted to
the companies. His suggestion was heartily
approved and he appointed the committee,

commonly known as the Committee of Twenty
s°ven, John H. Washburn, chairman At a
large meeting in June of this year this com-
mittee submitted a report, which was called
the “Agreement of embracing
rates, commissions many other
points. The committee was authorized to
secure signatures, but it developed that several
of the clauses in the agreement met with such
opposition that, as prepared, the agreement
would not receive sufficient support to justify
putting the planin operation. A disposition
was shown by all the companies to unite ona
simpler rate agreement and the committee ata
meeting on July 26 decided to submit another
agreement for approval. This embraces the
four paragraphs of the agreement of 1900 touch-
ing the rate question, but all the remainder of
that agreement is abandoned, The committee
ealied the meeting of the representatives of the
insvrance companies at the West End Hotel at
noon to-day. ‘The revised agreement is as
follows

“First—The undersigned fire insurance companies
doing business in the United States agree to const!
tute and appoint for one year from the time of the
General meeting at which this agreement is adopies
a committee of supervision, whose duties shail be
to consider the conditions of the fire Insurance bust-
ness in respect to statutory requirements of the
various States, expenses of the business and the ad-
ustment of rates, with power within the limits here-
nafter provided, and the undersigned companies
pledge their support to such committee.

“Second—This committee shall number thirty, and
shall be selected by ballotatthe meeting of the com-
panies at which this agreement ls adopted.and {t shall
appoint itsown chairman,vice chalrman,secretary and
treasurer, and shall have full power to employ such
assistants as may be required in the proper prosecu
ton of the duties assignedit. Expenses to be met by
Aprorata assessment on the fire premiums of the
Senneribere derived from the territory under super-
vision.

“*Third—Such committee shall consist of officers and
managers of companies fairly representative of all
classes of subseribers and transacting a general
agency business throughout the United States.
“Fourth—The Committee of Supervision|shall {mmed-
lately endeavor, through lceal boards and other asso-
clations, to secure an adjustment of the rates upon
such classes of hazards and for such localities as the
expertence of underwriters during the last five years
has shown to be unprofitable,”

1900,""
and

four sections were adopted as presented, A
fifth one was added, which provides as follows:

“Lt is understood that whenever, in the jud@-
ment of the committee, a sufficient number of
companies have signed the agreement to render
it effective, the signers shall be called together
to decide upon the appointment of the com-
mittee of thirty.”

The agreement was signed by fifty-eight
companies,

To-night a clambake was the attraction at
Green Gables at Pleasure Ray. The_repre-
sentatives were guests of President Walton
of the Citizens Fire Insurance Company,
who is spending the summer at Monmouth
Beach. Among the guests at the bake were EF.
C. Irvin, FE. C. Brush, D. W. C Skilton of the
Phenix of Hartford; J H. Waxebaum, E, L
Ellison, W. E. B, Clarke, President of the #tna
Fire of Hartford, Robert B. Heath, E. G, Rich-
ards, E. 1. Watson, H. Mason, West Pollock,
John E. McElrov, Frank Lock, H. W. salon,
Robert Dickson, Mr, Miller, C. 8. Hollingshead,
H_F. Atwood, George E. Kendall. George B
Edwards, William B. Kelly, G. C. Horne, M. O
Brown, B. A. Stell, C, H. Host, P. E. Raser,
H.H. Hall, John H. Long, G@. P. Sheldon, T°
Paulding, J. B. Stout.

ONE STEP NEARER A DUEL.
Conditions Under Which M. Saleza Will Con-

sent to Fight M. de Nevers,

The famous Saléza-de Nevers duel has come
one step nearer its finish and that progress,
like every other since the beginning of this
celebrated affair, was made on paper. Maxim
de Nevers has sent to this country the cor-
respondence that passed between him and
his seconds John F. Runciman of the London
Saturday Review and Ferdinand Bloch of the
Paris daily Le Gaulois. These two gentlemen
acted as seconds for M. de Nevers when this
bloody duel, which had been allowed to slumber
here, was again discussed in Paris. His secon
wrote as follows:

“PARIS, 25 May, 1900.
"DEAR FRIEND: You have acted in yo
quarre!] with M. Saléza with a correctness w ch
no one ean fail to recognize, and which we
consider it our dtity to affirm. You have done
your best to induce M. Saléza to meet you on
the fleld of honor, in a letter seen and approved
by ourselves Saléza has prudently re-
frained from replying

‘The credit of behaving with honor rests
with you, dear friend. We have no hesitation
fn saying so, and we authorize you to make
any use you please of this letter. lieve
in all our esteem

“FERDINAND BLocn, JoHN F. RUNCIMAN.”

M. de Nevers, paving received this very nice
letter from his friends, wrote one to them.
His letter was not so long, but it contained an
uncomplimentary allusion to M. Saléza alon
with the same polfte language that marked
the letter of the seconds. M. de Nevers’s letter

was as follows:
LONDON, 26, 6, 1900,

“My Dear Friends: Thank you for you
letter. It appears fron what has happened
that M. Saleza is one of those who insult but do
not fight. [ shall not condescend to take ann
further notice of this gentleman, I am much
touched by your too kind remarks, and beg
you to believe in the sincere friendship of your
very truly, “M. DE N¥VERS.”

In a private letter received here Inst week,
M. Saléza reiterated his determination to ig-
nore any challenge that came to him signed
“M. de Nevers,” on the ground that the name
is an alias and that if he ts unable to discover
M. de Nevers’s real name in Paris he will send
agents to Moscow, He says that if the reason
for M. de Nevers's change of name are such
as to allow him to accept a challenge he will
notice any communications signed with the

writer's real name, but will ignore any chal-,

lenge signed by “M. de Nevers.”

Woman Bicyclist’s Leg Cut Off.

While Margaret, Prunty, 21 years old, of 98
Clermont avenue, was riding a bieycle in

Ocean avenue near Fort Hamilton, last
night, she was struck by a Franklin
avenue trolley car and knocked from her

whee, Her left leg was so badly injured that
when she was taken to the Kings County Hos-
pital it was amputated

 

A PEEP

Into the future would sadden
many a happy
woman. The mis-
ery of marriage
often results from
ailments which
maidenly mod-
esty kept hidden.
When doctors are
at last consulted
they frequently
fail to help.
They do not un-
derstand the root
of the trouble.
Dr. Pierce’s Fa-
vorite Prescrip-
tion has cured
in thousands of
cases where doc-
tors entirely
failed.

"Lhad been a great
sufferer from female
weakness,” writes
Mrs. M. B, Wallace,
of Muenster, Cook
Co., Texas. "J tried
four doctors and
none did me any
good, 1 suffered six
years, but at last I
found relief. I fol-
lowed your advice,
and took eight bottles
of ‘Favorite Prescrip-
tion ''and four of the
‘Golden Medical Dis.
covery.’ I now feel
like a mew woman,
I have gained eighteen pounds.”

“Favorite Prescription”

MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONG

 

 

FEARED FOR THE NEW KING,

_—_——_——

PANIC AT HUMBERT’S FUNERAL AS
VICTOR EMMANUEL PASSED.

Fifty Persons Injered in the Crush—Cavairy

Surrounded the Royal Carriage—Deke of

. Aosta and Count of Turin Drew Their

Swords to Keep the Crowd Back—Funeral

of the King an Imposing Spectacle.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Rome, Aug. 9.—The funeral of King Humbert
to-day was an imposing spectacle. King
Victor Emmanuel followed immediately be-
hind the coffin. Queen Dowager ,Margherita
and a number of Princesses awaited the cor
tege at the Pantheon.

The train bearing the body of King Hum-
bert arrived in Rome at 6:30 o’clook this morn-
ing. Twenty thousand soldiers lined the streets
along the lino of march.

A sudden movement among the crowd tn the
Rue Nazionale was apparently the cause of a
temporary panic. Fifty persons were injured
in the crush which ensued.

The panic oceurred as King Victor Emman-
uel was passing. The cries of the injured caused
the officers to think that the life of the King
was endangered.

The Duc d'Aosta and the Count of Turin
drew their swords, while the cavalry formed
a equare around the royal carriage.

The route from the central station to the
Pantheon was lined on elther side with masts
covered with cypress branches, which were re-
lieved by palm leaf. Broad black bands were
stretched from mastto mast. All thelamps and
electric lights were draped in black, and the bells
of the churches tolled continuously.

Ten non-commissioned officers and cutrassiers
entered the funeral train, and raising the coffin,
bore it through the great hall of the station.
Then it was placed on a gun carriage and con-
veyed to the Pantheon,

The external decorations of the building were
of the simplest character. Between the two
large altars in the centre of the church was a
magnificent catafalque over twenty feet high,
the upper part of which was covered with sill-
ver-edged lilac velvet, with palms and follage
plants emerging from the folds.

Immediately behind the coffin came King
Victor Emmanuel, who walked with head erect.
The iron crown and Humbert’s helmet and

 

* eword were placed on the coffin, which was then
| raised to the platform of the catafalque by an

The Agreement of 1900 was considered and | {nvisible lift,

A majestic mass of requiem was then cele-
brated. The music was directed by Big.
Mascagni.

Panis, Aug. 9.—The services in memory
of the late King Humbert of Italy, were held
at the Church of Ste. Clotilde to-day. There
was a@ large attendance, which included the
Diplomatic Corps and many prominent Govern-
ment officials and othera.

Various versions are given of the causes of
the panio in the crowd and also of the number
of persons injured. One report, that an Anar-
chist ignited gunpowder on the ground, {s prob-
ably untrue. The incidents were: doubtless
mainly due to the nervous tension of the people,
who were ready to be alarmed by the slightest
cause.

It ts stated this evening that thirteen were
seriously injured and that many were slightly
hurt. A sergeant, who was pushed or fell on
his own sword, which pierced hie neck, died
of his injuries.

 

TO DRIVE ANARCHISTS FROM ITALY.

Minister of Justice Declares That Ne@Truce Will
Be Granted.

Special Cadie Despatch to THB SUN.

Romeg, Aug. 9.—Sig. Gianturoo, the Min-
ister of Justice, sald in an interview to-day
that the Government would show no half-
heartedness in prosecuting the campaign
against the Anarchists.

“No truce,” he said, “will be granted and I
hope that in two months from now there will
be no more Anarchists in Italy.”

 

HUMBERT FUNERAL IN RICHMOND.

Practically All the Italians In the City Parade
~Anarchist Brese Arraigned.

Ricemonp, Va., Aug. 9.-A draped casket
on the caisson of a 38-inch rifle gun, drawn by
six white horses, in a long procession and with
all the formality of a real funeral, with high
mass {n the cathedral, was the tribute the Ital-
fan colony of Richmond paid to the memory
of the late King Humbert. A small boy on the
caisson held white ribbons attached to the
horses, while outriders and pallbearers were
on each side, and mingled with the mourning
were the flags of Italy and America entwined.

The casket was taken into the cathedral
by six bearers and requiem mass sald b
Bishop Vane Vyver, ,

The pageant included the several Italian so-
cleties in eye and nearly every Italian
in the city, the larger proportion of whom have
long since decl allegiance to this country,

e procession formed one block from t
City Hall. When the procession moved an
its head was opposite the door of the poli
court the Italian, Duxemder Brese, an alleg
Anarchist, was brought to the bar, having been
arrested at the instanoe of the Italian colony
because he boastingly threatened to throw a
bomb into to-day’s procession and also to blow
up the cathedral. He was remanded for ex-
amination to-morrow. Then the Ifalians who
preferred the charges will appear as witnesses,

Brese has denied nearly everything to the
police that he boasted of to his companions,

 

HEARSE WITH AN EMPTY COFFIN.
A Faneral Service for King Humbert Is Held
in Utica.

Utica, Aug. 9.—The funeral of King Humbert
of Italy was solemnly observed to-day by the
Italians of this city. With the permission of
Bishop Ludden a funeral was held, including a
procession about the principal thoroughfares
of the city, followed by a solemn requiem mass
at the Itallan church. Four black horses
hauled a hearse in which wasaooffin draped
with an Italian flag. Various Italian societies
oi he

Pe el a
°

to Queen Margherita war read: 7 Dey Sent

MO.»SBA, MVALY, Aug. 8.
Opes en Ce N. ¥! as
er Majesty, een wager is

touched by Your expression Or condolence end
thanks you. GUICcIOLa.

ALBANY, Aug. 9.--Memorial services in mem-
ory.oi King Humbert were held here to-day at
8t. Mary's Church under the auspices oi the
Christoforo Colombo and the Prince of Naples
societies. There was a large street parade.

KNEW “LA BELLE TERESA.”

That's Why Balocchi Sold His Frait Store
aod Left Riverhead.

RIVERHEAD, 1. I., Aug. 9.- Michael Balocohi
an Italian who is said to have known “La Bella
Teresa,” has sold the fruit store here which
he conducted for the past year to Augusta
Seely of Munhattan, and bas gone away

“LA Bella Teresa” was a_ frequent visitor
to his store and Baiocch! had a nicture of her
there. When the story about her found its
way into print Balocchi admitted that the
woman who came to see hirn was the same
Baiocchi said before his departure that he
could not stand the publicity resulting from his
accurintance with some of those connected
with the assassination,

Requiem Mass for King Humbert.

The Rev. Dr. Fabris celebrated requiem high
mass yesterday in the Church of Our Lady of

Victories in Paterson, N. J, for King Hurobert.
There were only sixteen persons in the church
and five of them were Italians.

Wooldn’t Attend Mass for the Repose of King
Hambert's soul,

WorcTSTER, Mass., Aug. 9..-Members of the
local Soct*ty of Savoia, an Italian organization,
completely ignored the invitation of the Chria-
toforo Columbo Society, a kindred body, to at-
tend mass at St. Stephen's Chureh this morn-

ing fcr the repose of the soul of King Humbert.
Mestof them left Italy on account of oppres-
alye taxes and read ater indifference the news
of the assassination The Savoia Society num-
bers about sixty members

Memorial Services in Philadelphia.

PHILADFLPIA, Aug. 9.-Requiem high mass
was celebrated this morning in the Italian
Chureh of St. Marin Maddalena de Paezi, in
memory of King Humbert. All the foreign
Consuls in the city attended. The mass was
under the auspices of the Italian societies,

     
   

What does it mean? We have
sold over half as many ‘Tuxedos
again this summer as last sum.
mer.

Does it mean that more men
appreciate our good kind of

uxedos, or that more men are
wearing Tuxedos? At any rate,

 

to the average man a Tuxedo is
now indispensable.

Here’s Just what the aver
man wants, and what the average
purse can afford:—

Coats—$16 to $27; Suits—
$28 to $45.

And, by the way, they’re an
average weight—good for sum-
mer and winter.

Rogers, Peer & Oompany.

Broad Ww
hee lg

» OOF. e
tite Brpedgey, soy ae & si
—_—_—
SULTAN REPORTED ILL.
Fainted in His Garden on Gunday—The Nea
Payment of United States Claims.
Special Cadle Despatch to TAB SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 10.—The Timees'e Constanti-
Nople correspondent says that reports which
it isequally dificult to corroborate or refute
state that the Sultan, who has been greatly dis-
turbed by recent events, fainted in his garden
on Monday and has been confined to his bed
ever since.

The Chronicle's Constantinople correspond-
ent professes to have the best reason to be-
Heve, although Admiral Ahmet Pasha, who has
Just returned from the United States, strenu-
ously denies it, that an agreement was effected
by which the indemnity due the United States
from Turkey will be added to the price of «
warship, should one be ordered to be bullt in
America,

 

THE GERMAN COMMANDER.

 

Doubt Expressed in Paris as to Whether Vou
Waldersee Will Lead the Allies.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
Paris, Aug. 9.—-There is considerable com
ment here over the report that Field Marshal
Count von Waldersee is to be appointed com
mander-in-ohief of the allied forces in China,
It ts argued that although he has been appointed
commander of the German troops it does not
follow that he will be made Generalissimo of
the allies in China, or even of the troops that
are operating in the Peiho Valley. It is equally
certain that he will not command the troops
that are operating {n Manchuria or eleewhere
throughout China. The appointment appears
to be another brutum fulmen of the Kaiser.

MASSACRE IN ARMENIA. ©

Two Hundred Men, Women and Children Re
ported Killed by Turkish Troops.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpon, Aug. 9.—It {s reported that 200
men, women and children have been
massacred in the Armenian village of

Spaghauk by Turkish troops under All Pasha,

the commandant of the garrison at Bitlis, in

Asiatio Turkey. The Kurds assisted the soldiers

in the slaughter.

HAVRE STRIKE

 

 

SPREADS.

American Training Ship Saratoga Will Prob-
ably Be Delayed at That Port.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Havre, Aug. 9.—The strike of the stokers
fs extending. The quay workmen and cart-
men are now affected.

The United States training ship Saratoga,
which !# on her way to Gibraltar, will probably
be delayed for want of the assistance of a tug.

 

BARON RUSSELL OF KILLOWEN ILL

Lord Chief Justice of England Undergoes aa
Operation.
Special Cable Despatch to TaE SUN,
Lowpon, Aug. 9.—-Baron Ruseell of Killowen,
Lord Chief Justice of England, is seriously 1)! at

Kensington, He has been confined to bed for
two weeks. The nature of his malady {s not
clear, Dr. Treves performed an operation to-

day, which the patient passed through satisfao
torily.

 

Fighting Gees at Atlantic City.

ATIANTIO CITY, Aug. 9.—The hottest fight
local sports have seen here since the old
days was a fifteen-round “go” between
Tommy Cleary of Fairmount and Jack
Blackston, colored, of Chester, before the
Atlantic City A. . to-night. Blackston
fought with desperation to the finish, the cone
ditions being that the decision should
be a_ draw if both men_ were on
their feet at the finish. Cleary, how-
ever, outclassed his opponent. In another

fifteen-round ‘“‘go”’ w yle of this
Donovan

el Y received the decision over Pata

of Philadelphia. The reports that the author-
itles would stop the shows, because decisio
are rendered, have not been verified and seve
big fights are on the tapis.

Miller Defeats McEachrea in a Twenty-Mile
Motor-Paced Race.

BALTIMORB, Aug. 9.—Charlev Miller to-night
defeated Archie McEachren in a twenty-mile
motor-paced race at the Colosseum before 6,000
persons. McEachren was severely handi-
capped on account of having »b
far the Inferior motor cycle an
on. the last mile he shot ahead of
hisfpacing machine and finished the race un-
paced. Miller took the lead onthe fir-t mile
and increased it throughout, riding rings
around the Canadian and finishing two miles
andahalf ahead He rodethe distance in $2
pn nudes 27 4-5 seconds, breaking the local track
recor

Fighth Infantrymen Ordered to Manila.

St. Paci, Minn., Aug. 9.--The depot battalion
of the Elghth Infantry, stationed for several
months at Fort Snelling, has been ordered to
leave fcr Manila with “all possible speed," and
the officers expect to be away from here within
forty-eight hours. While the orders specilty
Manila, it is generally understood China will be
the actual! destination,

Too Commonly Used.

The use of pasty cereals is not advisable A
physiciansays: ‘‘Pasty cereals are very ir d
gestible and a bad thing for the stomach
causing a depressed feeling and quite a train of

disorders, particularly of the intestines and
nerves
“Cereals, such as wheat and oats, can be

cooked long enough and well enough to fit them
for human use but the ordinary way of cooking
leaves them ina pasty condition.”

oA wentieman from Evansville, Ind, whose

Name can be secured upon application to tha
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd ¢ Battle Creek, Mich
says. “My physician prohibited the vse of oata
and wheat for | wasin a bad condition plysi-
cally, with pronounced dyspepsia He said the
heavy past: Was indigestible but that (rape~
Nuts, being a thoroughly cooked food and
cooked in such # manner as to change the
starch into grape sugar, could he rasuy di-
wested have become very fond indeed of

Grape-Nuts and all the uncomfortable feelings
have disappeired. | have gained nearly twelve
poundsin weight and have none of the dis-
tressed full feeling alter my meals that I had
formerly. Grape-Nuts Food has the
work.’ —Ads, :