(S70 AIL; WILL HE FIGHT?
+ ast AOE as Dee

 

the Biggest Word in Them—The Ex-

on" a Leader Comes to Town, Sees the
vemptroller and Goes to His Roost in

Albany ~ Shea's Errand to McLaughlin,
The Hon David Bennett Hill went yesterday
Normandie-by-the-Sea, where he has been
LP of Gen. Ferdinand P. Earle, to his
a fort « Roost. He came to this city
he Now Jersey resort to take a train
fem and he spent six hours here
of his political friends. The
of the persons whom

oo] most was Comptroller Bird 8. Coler, who
ume no secret of the fact that he
— Mr. Hill as the greatest Democrat
. Yor k State and whose friends have been
e himtol soome a candidate for the Demo-
ni wtion for Governor this fall. Mr.
noe ad » talk with Mr, Coler at the Hofman
ee wich occupied nearly an hour anda
aif, and about which both of them refused
. sneak afterward, Mr, Hill said that he had
nothing to say about anything. Mr. Coler sald
that Mr Hil.was a very old friend, and that on
hearing thal Mr. Hill was in town he had called

to pay his respects
Mr. Hill will go to Saratoga next week. The

Hon, Richard Croker, chieftain of Tammany

Hall and boss of the Democratic State Com-
: mittee, 1” which he has twice defeated and

humiliated Mr, Hill, is at Saratoga with his

Heutenants and early next week Democrats

from all parts of the State will go there to attend

the meeting# of the State Committee and the
| county chairmen, which are to be held on the
} ygth, The State Committee will issue the call
| for the Democratic State Convention, which
will be held in Saratoga on Sept, 11 if the plana
which were formed a week ago by the leaders are
carried out. Mr Hill's friends said yesterday
that he was going to confer at Albany with
his supporters from the upper part of the State,
and that whea he got to Saratoga he would
adopt one of two courses, If he found suffi-
cient evidence of support to warrant him in
doing {t he would fight Croker; but if he
discovered that there was no hope of making
a respectable showing against the domination
of Tammany he would fall in behind the Croker
pand wagon, Mr, Hill’s friends have an-

nounced a number of times that he would
ght Mr. Croker, So far, their predictions
bave been unfulfilled. :
Friends of Mr. Hill and Mr. Coler said yester-
ay that the former State leader's attitude at
toga vended largely upon the outeome

negotiati na which are going on_ between
Bir friends and the Hon. Hugh MoLaugh-
Mr.

C

   

 

leader of the Kings county Democracy,
r's friends belleve that if Mr. McLaughlin's
forces unite with Mr, Hill's they will be able to
ntrol thy State Convention and force Mr.
oler’s nomination down the throats of the Tam-

many people. Bridge Commissioner John L,

Bona, who is one of Mr, McLaughlin's right-hand
men, went to Jamesport, L. 1, yesterday to see
he Brooklyn leader Mr. Shea is one of

r, Coler’s most. intimate political friends
and advisers, and he has told his friends
that he bellaves Coler could be elected Governor
and could be nominated regardless of Mr.

* Croker’s opposition if Kings county should
cast her strength for him. Mr. Shea's friends
gay that he began to get disgusted with Tam-
many Hall and its methods. within a month
after he entered office under Mavor Van Wyck
and that he has kept on getting more and
more disgusted all the time. He stuck by Mr.
Coler in the Ramapo controversy last year,
and made a number of tart speeches at meet-
iugs of the Board of Public Improvements
when President Maurice F. Holahan and Water
Commissioner William Dalton tried to
put the $200,000,000 contract through, Mr, Shea's
friends have said that he would not feel badly
if the Kings county organization should get
out and fight Tammany, and that he regards
the Coler question as a good one to begin the
struggle with, .

The Hon. James Sheviin, Senator Patrick
Henry McCarren and several other gentlemen
of influence with Mr. McLaughlin are pullin
the other way and want to see friendly an
harmonious relations between the two organiza-
tions continued; and they believe that it would
be bad politics to start a fight now, when Sena-
tor Coffey, Warden Hayes and Luke D. Staple-
ton would be only too «lad to represent Mr.
Croker in Brooklyn. What the resuit of Mr,
Shea's visit to Jamesport was he wouldn't tell
mst night, but it was declared that there was
lide probability that there would be a break be-
tween Tammany and Willoughby Street.

Some of Mr. Hill's friends said last night
that if he gave in to Richard Croker this year
{t would mean that he considered it impossible
for the Gemoorate to carry the State of New
York, and that he was willing to let Mr, Croker
bear the disgrace of a second licking in a State
campaign. They said that it would be very
like Mr, Hill to “lay down” this year, make no
attempt to force the nomination of Mr, Coler,
permit Mr, Croker to run the entire campaign
and accept all the blame for the Democratio
defeat, and then induoe Mr. Coler to run for
Mayor next year on an independent or anti-
Tammany ticket in the hope thet he could get
the municipal government away from Tam-

many,

It may be mentioned that the Hon.” Augus-
tus ‘an Wyck is a candidate for the Demo-
cratic nomination for Governor this year.

 

STEUBEN DEMOCRATS LAUD HILL.

 

Cengratalated on His Kansas City Reception
—County and Assembly Ticket.

Connina, N. Y., Aug. 9.-The First Assembly
District Democratic Convention to-day adopted
the following resolution:

“We believe that a wise selection of candi-
dates for our State ticket will aid materially
» {fn placing the Empire State in the Democratic
column, We feel gratified and honored by
the deference and respect shown to our dis-
tinguished fellow citizen and former neighbor,
the Hon, David B. Hill, by the delegates at the
Kansas City Convention, by their expressions
of approval of him as aman and as a statesman.

9 citizen can place before the people in the
State or the Union the issues of the campaign
More clearly and understandingly; his counsel
i invaluable: his efforts this fall will contribute
largely to the success of our ticket. On be-
hal of the Democrats of Steuben county, we
extend to him a cordial invitation to make at
= one 8peech in our midst during this cam-

: 1.

1° First Assembly District Convention
hominated ex-Alderman George Walsh of Corn-
ing for Member of Assembly. The Demo-
cratic County Convention was also held this
fternoon in Corning and the following ticket
ras named For Sheriff, William Pitt Goff of
piateo, for Surrogate, Henry V. Pratt of
Tienes: for Treasurer, Gilbert H. Brewster
of Addiaon: for Coroners, Dr. Floyd Hi. Spauld-

Inn of Cohocto :
Campbel iocton and Dr, Charles S. Smith of

 

SADDENED BECAUSE TOWNE Quit.

Treasurer Washburn of the People’s Party Is
in Deep Gloom,

Bostox, Aug. 9.- Treasurer George F. Wash-
burn of the National Committee of the People's
Darty feels bad over the withdrawal of Towne
&§ candidate for Vice-President on the Populist

» Weket. He says

“The withdrawal of Mr Towne without our
Darty’s consent is both humiliating and embar-
rasing. Tomy mind it isa political blunder.
Had he remained our Vice-Presidential candi-

ce he Would have attracted audiences second
P 4 to Brvan himself and have held in line the

pulst vole as Well as the Silver Republicans

  
 

  
   

 

throughout the eountr ,
te re country. Instead of stu plifying
Ant aes Withdrawel will complicate them
1 National Commirtes cout, opponents, Our
and i orminttee will meet atan early date
Nt al cn a tl fT laes a Populist Vice-Presi-

"! andi ate in nomination

ism tt party ever ros to amore exalted patriot-
MeN in nents in placing two distinguished
ber of 61) on, neither of whom is a meme-
Gireot ay ye ty: but there is a point in this
DATTY (nrege ey yCannot pass and retain our
OUr 2.0.0.0 Pp his quite as esaential to hold
Dick to aoe CPUist votes intact as itis to win

* those who may have left
. our national e nvention I
Wie's nom tation because I feared
Wis Had the plan Lurged upon

of a committee with plenary
ate and submit names to the
hvention. been adopted, these

   

, WENT hive been avoided. I
OUS Protests fren teton Will nrovoke vigor-
Country ron our party leaders all over the

ADOLPH SIMIS'S SUCCESSOR
- ween
tly to Be Named To-morrew by Acting
Mayor Guggenheimer,

It is under
$ understood that the successor to the Jate

G

aan *t Adolph Simis, Jr., of the Depart-
eae, Charitles for the boroughs of Brooklyn
Charter p et be Appointed to-morrow, The
Dolntmerts attop ts, \et.ng Mayor to make ap-
D VCP tie Mayor has been absent ten

 

  

SAYS,
thivately sonen Hugh MeLaughiin has already
‘“ rar 400 neg B Chole of & succesKor 10
Utthatin wilh oe, Pines and there is no
* he power Whe b confirmed hy the appoint.
Yeaterday Acuna {yiestoned about the matter
that he x Mivor Guggenheimer said

would probably
‘morrow,

ake the appointment

ADMITS BRYAN LOST STRENGTH.

Gov. Thomas of Colorado Net Hopefal for
Democracy's Chances Out His Way.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 9.—Gov, Thomas of
Colorado, who made the address notifying Mr.
Stevenson of his nomination, talked very freely
to-day of the political conditions that obtain in
the West and admitted that Bryan is not as
strong there as he was four years ago. He
thought, however, that the Presidential candj-
date would be stronger in some of the Eastern
and Central States, and that his losses in the
West would be more than compensated for in
those States.

“Colorado,” he said, ‘gave Bryan 130,000 ma-
jority in 1896, This year, I do not believe his
majority will exceed 60,000. What are the
reasons for this falling off? Well, I think
there are three principal reasons. Many Re-
publicans that were out of line with their party
then are back in line now. Another reason is
that many of the people out there be-
lieve that the Philippine policy of the
McKinley Administration is about right. An-
other reason is that the trusts have secured
control of nearly all of our industries, and
every man that has sold out his business toa
trust {s now ashouting Republican. The fall-
ing off in the Democratic vote will be general
throughout those far Western States, and I
should not be surprised if Washington goes
Republican.

“Generally speaking, however, Bryan will
carry the same Western States he didin 1806,
but with decreased majorities, and his gains
will be in the Eastern and Central Stites. The
vote of the single State of Maryland, which we
are going to carry this year, will offset the loss
of Washingron should it go againstus. Bryan
will be much stronger in the Central and East-
ern States than in 1896."

 

 

 

PREPARING FOR ANTI-IMPERIALISTS,

Clash Likely at Next Week's Convention -Some
Hotel Rooms Engaged.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 0.—There promises to
be much diversity of opinion among the mem-
bers of the American Anti-Impertalistic League
when it comes to this city next week to hold its
“Liberty Congress,” and some of the leading
members believe that a radical difference will
result from its deliberations. It is charged
that some of the leaders are in favor of adopting
a series of resolutions indorsing the Kansas
City platform and nominees and that these
classes will attempt to foree that programme
through the meeting. It fs also said that the
invitations to speakers and to members have
been sent out with that view. On the otner
hand, a large number are in favor of nomi-
nati candidates for President and Vice-
President and in this reward the feeling in favor
of the Riley Convention, called for Aug, 14, is
sald to be growin ‘he Commeretal Club
to-day offered the club assembly room for the
use of the convention and it was accepted,
and the convention will be held there.

Some rooms at the hotels have been engaged
by leading “antis” of the country Hotel ac-
commodations have already been engaged for
Patrick O'Farreil,; Washington; L. W. Haber-
corn, Washington; President Davis —Uni-
versity of Virginia; George G. Mercer Phila-
delphia; the v, 8. Bigelow, Cincinnati;
John De Witt Warner, New York: Horace
White, New York, J. A. Herne, Southampton,
N. Y.; Stanley J. Abbott, Massachusetts; El-
wood S. Corser, Minnesota; Moorefleld Story.
Boston; Erving Winslow, Boston; J. F. O'Sulli-
van, Boston: Senator. Wellington, Marvland:

8S. Bacon, Maryland; R. W. Turner, former
Consul to Cadiz, Spain, Congfessman J, C

Sherwin, Emerson, la., Louis R. Erich, Colo-
rado Springs, and John Brisben Walker of
New York,

 

DEMOCRATS IGNORED THE ALLIES.

Popalists and Silver Republicans of Indiana
Sore Over the Bryan Ceremontes.

INDIANAPOLIR, Aug. 9.--The breach be-
tween the Populist and Silver Republican
leaders on one hand and the local and State
Democratic managers on the other has been
greatly widened by the course of the latter
during the exercises incident to the notification
of Bryan and Stevenson, and it is freely pre-
dicted that the Democratic State and county
tickets will lose the support of the Silver Re-
publicans and Populists, Notwithstanding the
indorsement that the two organizations have

iven Bryan and Stevenson, none of their
leaders was invited to attend the notification
exercises or totakeany partinthem. Speaking
of the slight, Chairman Van Vorhels of the
Silver Kepunlicans said to-day:

“lt was a piece of downright snobbery, with-
out a scintilla of excuse. Tickets were sent
around in envelopes to Republicans, but not
one was sent to a Silver Republican or a Popu-
list, although we are earnestly supporting he
Democratic ticket and it was known that our
State Committees were to be here.- Such acts as
this cause deep feelings of anger and resent-
ment among our men. Those responsible for
the slight are half a dozen men that are gov-
erned entirely by their personal feelings, and
the Democratic organization should be warned
that it is not good policy to give them too full
swing.”

 

 

BRYAN'S REFERENCE TO SILVER.

 

Tells an Indianapolis Audience That the Re-
publicans Will Be Afraid of It.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, Aug 9 In his speech
at Tomlinson Hall last night Willian) Jennings
Kryan made the only reference to his silver
hobby during h!svisithere Hesaid:

“I believe that on the old question we ere

stronger this year than we were in ‘96 I be-
lieve there were no new question that we
would be able to wage a successful contest
against the Republican party It is on the
defensive on every guess before the American
people It pretends that it wanta to discuss
the money question Tf will promise you that
before this campaign is over the Republican
leaders will be as afraid of the silver question
as they are of imperialism There is not a
question upon which they dare to state their
pastes and Invite the Judgment of the Amer-
can people.”

 

FOR A UNION TICKET.

The Negotiations With the Popalists to Nom-
inate Stevenson for Second Place,

CHICAGO, Aug. 9.—At 2 o'clock this afternoon
the Executive Committee of the Populist Na-
tional Committee went into session at the Sher-
man House. Later Senator Dubols of Idaho and
Senator Jones and other Democratic leaders
conferred with the Populists, During the morn-
ing the Populists held an informal session.
Atthis gathering were Vice-Chairman Edmis-
ton, Secretary J. A. Edgerton, Senator W. V.
Allen of Nebraska, Gen, James B. Weaver of

lowa, EdwardS. Taylor and Fugene Smith of
Chicago

Senator Marion Butler of North Carolina,
the chairman of the Populist Committee, was
expected to arrive in the morning, but did not
appear, and owing to his absence as well
as that of Messrs. Towne and Bryan, little
was done except informally to discuss
the Idaho situat on. In that State the Demo-
crats and Silver Republicans are united upon
one ticket, but the Populists have a ticks of
theirown inthe flela. The National commit-
teemen will try to bring abouta perfect fusion

Upon the arrival to-nightof Mr. Brvan from
Indianapolis and Mr. Towne from Duluth, a
conference of Democratic and Populist lead-
ers was called hurriedly and the question of in-
dorsing Stevenson as Towne's successor was
discussed,

At the conclusion of to-night's conference
members of the committee refused to give any
information as to what had been discussed. All
Mr. Edgerton would say was:

“There is nothing to be given out as yet.
After we finsh our work we may have some-
thing to give for publication.”

Gen. Weaver said the oute me of the meeting
would probably be» plan for fusion and that
the Populists wil! indorse Stevenson.

 

DEBS ACCEPTS NOMINATION.

Social Democratic Candidate Says That Capt-
talism Is Doomed,

Fugene V. Debs and Job Harriman, the
Social Democratic party's candidates for
President and Vice-President, have sent their
letters of acceptance to Willlam Butscher of
Springfield, Mass., National Secretary of the
party. Debs says that he seeks no personal
preferment and adds:

“As we look abroad we behold the steady
and stately march of transformation. Capt1-
talism, which has written itsrecord inthe tears
and blood of the human race is staggering to

its doom. while socialism, herald of the Hght
of freedom, quickened by the spirit of the new
evolution, Is aweeping over all the world. Let
us dismiss all minor conmsderaivens and unite
in every State and Territory from end to end
of the land in one mighty effort to hasten the
end of capitallam and the inauguration of the
cooperative commonwealth,”
Harriman’s letter is such like that of Debs.

 

SU

$$ SS Ss - SSSSSSSsSSssSSSSsssSSSSSSSS
~

THE SUN, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900.

HANNA’S VISIT TO BOSTON.

NATIONAL CHAIRMAN GOES TO STIR
UP PARTY ENTHUSIASM.

Satisfied With Bryan's Speech—Bryag Will
Find Oat Soon Whether Free Silver
Can Be Ignored-Doesn't Want Repub-
licans to Think They Have a Walk-Over.

Boston, Aug. 9.—Chairman Marcus A. Hanna
and Treasurer C. N. Bliss of the Republican
National Committee paid a short visit to this
city to-day to meet the prominent men and
leaders of the party and to form an auxiliary
committee to the national organization to
work among the business houses for and
in the interests of sound money. National
Committeman Meyer said the real purpose
of the visit was to preclude the possibility
of a lapse into overconfidence. After break-
fast, Senator Hanna gave an audience to the
hewspaper men.
“You have of course read Mr. Bryan's
speech?” he was asked,
“I have read it through from beginning to
end. I don't suppose Mr. Bryan cares much
what I think of his utterances, but if his friends
are satisfied with his speech I certainly am. I
am content to let the people judge the matter
for themselves, The speech may serve to
stimulate the people to read the history of their
country for the purpose of learning whether
or not the great men whom Mr. Bryan quoted
held the views ascribed to them by him. I
noticed that Mr. bryxn left out all reference
both to silver and to me.”
“Will ho be able to ignore the silver ques-
tion later?”
“Whether Mr. Bryan chooses to discuss the
silver question or not, somebody will have
something to say about it before the campaign
is over,”
“Is thare anything peculiar in the Massachu-
setts situation which brings you here?” was
asked,
“No. Massachusetts is the storm centre of the
anti-imperialist sentiment, owing to_the po-
sition taken by Senator Hoar, ex-Gov, Boutwell
and some others. The farther weet you_go
the less you hear about imperialism, The
Gold Democrats who supported McKinley on
the money question will, I think, he
found this year in support of hls whole policy.”
“Then you do not regard the situation tn
Massachusetts as typieal of the whole country?”
“I do not. I do not care to discuss the na-
tional situation, except to say that it is kaleido-
scopic, Itishot weather now and people have
not yet got down to the question of voting.
If there is any word I would say to the Repub-
licans, it is that they should guard against
apathy and Indifference, Ex-(Gov, — Bout-
well and others who are worried over the sit-
uation of the country cannot look back to any
veric¢d in history and tell us when it was buying
English bonds as it is now. The country Is
not yet awake and the people need stirring up
I never took any stock in the notion that our
political party had a walk-over. It is vital to
suceess that the people be aroused to the real
issue, hotwithetanding the confidence some of
us may personally feel.”
“Will the effort of the Democrats to make
‘Imperialism’ their principal issue estrange
the German-American vote?"
“T certainly don't anticipate that such state-
ments and arguments as are used in that speech
will have much effect upon the Germans, I
would not insult their intelligence by supposing
that they would be influenced to take such a
view of the future of the Republic because
of the policies of the Administration as the
Democrats would have them take. Antl-
imperialism, so called, centres in New England
any way. There is little of the South or West
and the further west you go the less you find,
The Democrats who will suphort Mr. McKinley
on the money question will back up the stand
taken by the Administration in the Philippines,”
“Will you take the stump this year?”
“Iam not a stump speaker, and when I am
asked to speak I say that the only kind of stump-
net do is to stump around the best I can on
my legs.
Where do you anticipate the battleground
of this year’s campaign will be?”
“The fighting will be hottest In the States west
of the Missouri River. It is impossible to mahe
a careful, intelligent prediction at the present
time, but I am perfectly well satisfied with the
outlook, and when cool weather comes on you
will see what you will see, It ts pretty hot
just now to take politics or anything else seri-
ously.”
It had been arranged to have hincheon at
the Exchange Club, where the State leaders
were to meet the Senator and Mr. Bliss, but
before leaving the hotel Senator Hoar, Congress-
man MeCall, National Committeeman Mever,
President Tuttle of the Boston and Maine,
Collector Lyman and others called on Mr.
Vanna, Afterward carriages were taken for
the Exchange Club. The whole party at the
luncheon numbered more than twenty-five,
and included also Senator Lodge, Col. Gotting
of Springfield, Chairman of the Repub-
lican State Committee, Dana Malone of
Greenfield, Alfred FE. Rose of Lowell, Oakes
Ames of Laston, H. H, Hunnewell, Jr., of Boston,
Stephen M Weld of Dedham, James P.Stearns,
President of the National Shawmut Bank, Frank
G, Webster, M. J. Whitall of Worcester,Congress-
man Lovering of Taunton, Charles G, Wash-
burn of Worcester, William B. Plunkett of Adams,
Arthur H Lowe of Ficmete and others,
Senator Hanna urged Increasing activity,
thorough organization and liberal contributions
as essential to the success of the Republican
party this fall.
Both Senator Hanna and Mr. Bliss left for
New York bv the Fall River I ine to-night. Mr.
Hanna said he was satisfled with the results
ot his visit and he had accomplished what he
came to Boston for.

 

 

GERMANS TURN OUT FOR M'RINLEY.

Address of the League to Voters Read at aa
Overflowing Meeting.
The German-American McKinley and Roose-
velt League held its first public meeting last
evening ut its headquarters, 102 East Four-
teenth street, The league has an assembly
room there capable of seating 200 persons, and
its officers had not expected that there would
be any difficulty in accommodating the voters
who wished to attend on a hot weather night.
They were astonished at the size of the crowd,
which overflowed into the offices, the stairway
and the street. There were at least six hun-
dred German-American voters present. The
meeting adopted an address to the citizens of
the Mnited States who are of German descent.
In the course of it are the following paragraphs:
“German honesty is one of the qualities
which we have brought Into our adopted coun-
try; men of German descent will never permit
dishonest principles to prevail in the conduct
of their Government. It is easy to see that the
principles for which William Jennings Bryan
mainly stands are not honest, and that it would
discredit the United States if through Bryan's
election they should prevail.
“Bryan insisted that the silver question should

again be made prominent. Four years ago this
question was decided by our votes’ the judg-
ment which we pronounced tn 1806 we certainly
will not reverse in 1900, The Silverites, by the
18 to 1 plank, desire to obtain legal support
for the proposition that the mints of the United

States shall be required to give to
the owner of — silver a full dollar
in return for half a dollar, — thus

enriching that owner. If they should succeed
inthis theresult would be the destruction of the
credit of the country, a diminished purchas-
{ng value of our money and our absolute dis-
honor. Four years ago Bryan said in one
of his speeches that the maintenance of honest
money would ruin the people and would expose
them first to poverty and then to crime; but
the four years which have passed since his first
defeat have proved the incorrectness of his
judgment. Through honest money and honest
financial management our prosperity grew
as never before. Bryan's election would cause
the loss of all that for which we stood suc-
cessfully four years ago, all that to which we
mainly owe our present lavored position.
“Bryan also says that he desires to combat
trusts. What a contradiction; as though the
intended silver grab would not be the most
gigantic trust ever created.
“*Imperialism’ is the next catchword, Are
we now that our country has become great and
powerful to decline to govern this great and
powerful country? The sound common-sense
of the American people and their desire for fair
play Are a guarantee that the inhabitants of
the countries recently acquired by us will be
given the earliest opportunity to govern them-
selves, Steos tn that direction have been taken
in Cuba and also in the Philippines; moreovér,
no one will to-day claim that tie purchase of
Louisiana and Florida,or the conquest of Texas
and California,created imperialistic tendencies,”
The address praises President McKinley
for his conduet in office, and Gov. Roosevelt.
It is signed by President Arthur Von Briesen
Vice-Presidents Charles A, Schieren, Paul
Goenel, Gustav H. Schwab, Dr. G. Scholer,
Treasurer Jacob HH. Schill, and Secretaries
Ludwig F. Thoma and George H. Engelhardt
A delegation of American citizens of German
birth from Brooklyn called on the league
vesterday and announced that a Brooklyn
league was to be formed at once. Among
the gentlemen who have decided to take part
in this movement in Brooklyn are ex-Mayor
Charles A. Sehieren, Jacob Neu, Charles
nan, Henry Batterman, John ©. Schuman,
Dr. ‘Vv. F. Schildge and I. b.acker

If You Are Conducting

A really first-class summer resort, either at seashore
or mountain, make its locality known through Tas
Son's acvertiaing columns, 6UN readers seek such
places. Adu,

 

a Sc a ce Ae tama

MONEY QUESTION THE ISSUE.

 

Indiana Newspaper Bolts Bryan—Former Con-
gressman Conn the Owner.

La Ports, Aug. 9.—The Elkhart Truth, owned
by former Congressman C, G. Conn, the million-
aire horn manufacturer, has repudiated the
Kansas City platform. Mr. Conn says In a
signed editorial article that he is unalterably
opposed to a financial policy that has already
cost this country nearly seven years of indus-
trial stagnation. He believes it to be the duty
of every one interested in the welfare of the
masses to lend all the influence he can com-
mand to its defeat and annihilation.

It is not a question, says Mr. Conn, of De-
mocracy or party salvation. The evil is too
deep rooted for that. “It is a question of
protecting wage-earners from a locas of em-
ployment, of preventing a@ monetary crisis
that would swallow up and destroy half the
business interests of the country, of perpet-
uating and extending our present era of pros-
perity.” Mr. Conn cites as evidence of the
prosperous conditions that in 1896 he employed
181 men with a monthly pay roll of $7,250, He
now employs 274 men with a monthly pay roll

of $11,438. He has abandoned a trip around
the world to champion the election § of
McKinley. He says the money question is the
issue,

 

THE PRESIDENT'’S PLANS.
Will Go to Washington Next Week—Wont Get
Back to Canton Until September.

CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 9.—-The President and
Mrs. McKinley will start for Washington on
next Thursday, for an absence of two weeks
or more. They are going to Chicago for the
national encampment of the Grand Army
of the Republic before returning to their Canton
home. The route and time of starting for the
Chicago trip have not been arranged, but it
will be from Washington, and so far aa known
there will be no Grand Army post escorting
the President as has been talked of. §

From Chicago the President and wife will
return to Canton for ten days or two weeks,
when they will leave for Somerset, Pa, the
summer home of Abner McKinley, to attend
the wedding of Miss Mabel McKinley and Dr.
Herman Baer on Sept. 12. Beyond that no
plans have been decided upon, but at least
part of the time before the election will be
epent in Canton.

The management of the local ricultural
fair announces to-day that the President has
accepted an invitation to the fair for py.
Sept. 6, and on that day Secretary of Agricu
ture Wilson will deliver an address on the fair

rounds. On Sept 8, formal opening of
he campaign in ¥ wn will probably
bring many people to Canton, either going to or
coming from the big and it is not ime
possible that there e speech making
on the lawn that day al b it is not probs
able that the Presigent one of the speak-
ers. ;

No intimation is
letter of acoept
but it is expect
of the fact that
until In Septem
give out his letter
next week

There were
airings and a ve

    
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
   

tas to when the
to the public,
a. In view
ot to return
that he will

.. Myron
ep National

=

Committee,
social visit of
home before
expected almc

LOYAL

Approves

 
   
   

i \
Aig. 04
Lothouist

adopted taday,or thé motion/ af former Chap-
lain Stull Bf t ontana Volutmpets, the fol-
lowing resolufions: | '

  

“Whcerens, Ir country hae {been passing
through a great crisis i
tiny and reqhires stead.
ple, therefor@ be it j

“Resolved, That we aprreciat? the great cour-
age and spirit of our nation, the leadership
of the Preside?it, his counsellors and Congress,
the unsurpassed bravery an ability of our

army and navy and the loyalty of our people,
and further, we commend the gagard sweep
of our aqiion in its world-wide leadersh!p and
are proud of the flag. We rejoice that our do-
main widens and the beneficent. institutions
of our glorious country are carried to the utter-
most parts of the earth, which we approve.
We convey our sympathy to our soldiers, sail-
ors, missionaries and citizens and pray for their
deliverance ”

Bishop Fowler of Buffalo, N. ¥., is presiding
end ve-hight delivered his lecture on Abraham
Lincoln,

its histprv ‘and Its des-
t loyflty of our peo-

 

COGGESHALL STEPS DOWN.

Oneida County to Have a New Senator—Garry
A. Willard Nominated.

Utica, Aug. &—The Oneida County Republl-
ean Convention was held this afternoon in
Rome. Thomas Wheeler was chairman. The
interest centred in the nomination of a candi-
date for the State Senate. Henry J. Cogge-
shall, who has represented this district in the
upper branch of the Legislature for sixteen
years, announced himself a candidate for re-
election recently, despite the determination of
the Republican leaders that he showd step
aside. At to-day's convention, however, Sena-
tor Coggeshall formally withdrew and presented
the name of Col. W. Cary Sanger of Sangerfleld,
at present absent in Europe on a mission for the
Government, for the nomination. The contest
dwindled down to Col. Sanger_and Garry A.
Willard, editor of the Booneville Herald, and the
latter won with 50 votes to Sanger's 48

Nominations for county offices were made
as follows: For Surrogate, Frederick M, Calder
of Utiea; for Sheriff, 1. E. Brownell of Bridge-
water; for County Clerk, Joseph Porter of
Rome: for Superintendent of the Poor, Dewitt
C. Smith of Point Rock. é

It is conceded that in the selection of candi-
dates Attorney-General Davies, who lives in
Camden and is recognized as the leader in that
end of the county, defeated the plans of Thomas
Wheeler, State Committeeman from this dis-
trict and Republican leader hereabouts,

 

BRYAN’'S EXTRA SESSION.

Western Republicans Think That There's Lit-
tle Danger That It Will Be Called.

Cricago, Aug. 9—Republicans at National
Headquarters were to-day disposed to treat
Bryan's Philippine promises in a jocular mood.
“The people of the country need not worry
about Bryan calling an extra seasion of Con-
gress,” declared Vice-Chairman Henry C.
Payne, “for the good reason that Bryan will
never have the chance to do 80. Mr. Bryan's
declaration does not make or change any issue
a whit, because we all know he will have no
opportunity of keeping the promises he makes.”

“Do you not care to discuss Bryan's promise

on its own merits, independent of the chances
of election?” Mr. Payne was asked.

“Why, it has no merits,” declared the vice-
chairm in, “for the reason that a promise based
on the preposterous contingency of his election
is not an issue Until Mr. Bryan has a chance
to become President there is no use discussing
the many promises he is likely to make

‘Lam surprised that Col, Bryan's speech was

so barren of ideas. IT de not believe that the
waple of this country will support his position.
The American people will not turn their backs
on the Philippines at this tima they will not
vote to trail the American fine in the dust.
There is no use diseussing Col. Bryan's declara-
tion of his intention to call an extra session of
Congress. He hasn't a show to be elected, and
so the people need not worry about this extra
session,”

GERMAN SONGS IN THE CAMPAIGN,

Plan of the Republicans to Stir the Hearts of
the Sons of the Fatherland.

Cuicaco, Aug. 9. American and German airs
to patriotic songs will play a leading part In the
Republican campaign in Ilinois. The groat
army of Republican marchers will be drilled
in singing the choruses of thesongs. This work
will receive almost as much attention as the
instruction in military movements. Secretary
Jamieson to-day received a suggestion from a
German and will probably follow it. The
writer suggevie’ that giee clubs and quartets be
organized in the various German social organi-
zations to accompany Gorman campaign ora-
tors during the campaign. He suggests that
these organizations sing the patriotic songs of
the Fatherland

"These songs,” he adds, “will aid the Republi-
can party and are entirely unsuited for the
national policy advocated by the Democrats.”

The Republicans believe that the Germans are
at heart enthusiastic expansionists and think
that the singing of the hymns of the Fatherland
willhave afine effect ie Wacht om Rhein”
and “The Star-Spangled Bayner” will be the

rincipal part of nearly every political rally of

© campaign.

 

NOT OBLIGED TO COME UP.

CIRCULAR ADDRESSED TO FEDERAL
OFFICEHOLDERS

 

 

Warning Them Against the Importunities of
Campaign Fand Collectors — Charges Made
Against the New York State Republican
Committee and Its Treasurer, Gen. McAlpin,

WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.--Letters were sent by
the Civil Service Commission to-day to the
various secretaries and heads of departmenta,
requesting them to issue orders informing the
employees that they are under no obligation to
comply with requests for political contribu-
tions. The commission encloses a long circu-
lar, quoting from the Civil Service law the
various provisions relating to assessments,
pointing out that officials of the Departments,
Members of Congress and officers of the army
and navy are forbidden to ask for political
contributions and that no employees shall be
advanced because of such contributions nor re-
duced because of his failure to contribute,

The commission says it, is its duty to see
that this law is strictly enforced and asks the
cooperation of the heads of the departments,
It will emplov every legitimate means in its
power to secure the prosecution and punish-
ment of violators of the law, and it requests
every person having knowledge of such viola-
tion to lay the facts before the commiasion.

Accompanying the circular is a letter to the
head of each department, asking him to send
copies of the circular to all the offices in his
Department and requesting that the following
Notice be added to the circular:

“The above is posted by the direction of the
Secretary of , and all emnloyees connectéd
with this office are hereby notifled that they are
under no obligations whatever by reason of
their being in the public service to make contri-
butions or subseriptions for political or other
Urposes or to render political service, and that
they will not be molested or in any way dis-
criminated against for failure s0 to subscribe,
contribute or serve,”

Among the complaints received by the com-
mission is one against the Republican State
Committee of New York and BE. A. McAlpin,
the treasurer of the committee, who, it is
charged, has been writing to Federal office-
holders at their homes, requesting political
contributions, A special agent of the com-
mission is to go to New York and will probably
take up this matter while there.

SILVER PERIL VERY REAL,

 

Manley Re-enforces the Campaign Text Books
Statements.

The Hon. Joseph H. Manley of Maine, mem-
ber of the National Republican Executive
Committee, has been making a close examinas
tion of the political situation as it affects the
United States Senate, and yesterday he sald
that he was surprised himself when he found
how great the danger was of the silverites ob-
taining control of the Senate before 1905 in case
Bryan and Stevenson were elected this fall.
In speaking of this Mr. Manley said:

“There is certainly a real and great danger
of the Senate becoming a silver body within
the next five years. All that is needed to con-
vince any person of the possibility that that
body may become subservient to Bryan is an
analysis of the Senate vote recorded in March

this year on the gold bill. This bill was an
Administration measure, and it received the
votes of several inembers who were considered
doubtful by the seund-money men. It was
passed by a majority of eighteen, which was
considered safe by some sound-money men
who advocate the election of Bryan. A little
study of the vote which made up the majority
shows how easy it would be to wipe it out.
Among the loyal eighteen were Senators from
nine States which were in the doubtful column.
The terms of all of these members expire in
1901

“Already Mr. Foster has been elected to suce
ceed Senator Caffery of Louisiana, He is a
silver Democrat. Mr. Blackburn has been elected
to succeed Mr. Lindsay of Kentucky, Thus
the gold majority is reduced to fourteen votes,
At the last session there were vacaneies in four
States, The vote of Montana had been pre.
viously recorded against the gold bill. That
State ray, be recorded in the Democratic
column ennsylvania will elect a Republican,
of course, but if the new Senators chosen from
the remaining two States cust their votes against
gold, the sound money majority will be res
duced to twelve, Four years ago Bryan secured
the electoral vote in seven of the States whose
Senators supported the gold bill, and whose
terms will expire in 1901, Should he repeat
his suceess this year and should these States
return silver Senators, the gold majority in
the Senate will be entirely wiped out und the
silver men would be in power

“Here is another way to look at it. Foster
and Blackburn, Silver Democrats, have suc-
ceeded Caffery and Lindsay from Louisiana and
Kentucky he gold majority is reduced to
fourteen, In the filling of the four vacancies
from Montana, Utah, Delaware and Pennsyl-
vania silver will probably gain one Senator,
The majority is thus reduced to twelve, The
most severely fought contests of this campaign
will be in Wyoming, Kansas, Montana, West
Virginia, Idaho, Nebraska, Colorado and Utah,
of which Bryan carried all but West Virginia
in18o6 If the Free Silverites control the ]egis-
lature in only six of these States, the gold ma-
jority will be entirely wiped out,

‘lf must not be forgotten, either, that the
terms of another third of the Senators expire
in 1903, and if by any chance the present small
majority for gold should not be entirely wi
out next vear there are four Senators in that
lot who might be succeeded by men opposed to
them in financial matters,

WORTH TO GET THE NOMINATION.

 

All the Republicans Will Sapport Him for
Congress in the Fifth.

It became known last night that the Hon,
Jacob Worth was to get the nomination for
Congress inthe Fifth district of Kings ec unty
at the hands of the organization inthat district.

Lieut.-Goy. Timothy L. Woodruff, the leader
of the organization there, has approved the
eandidacy of Mr. Worth. It will be remem-
bered that Mr. Worth had a falling out with
Senator Platt in the Mayoralty campaign of
1807, and the leadershin of Kings county was
taken from him by Lieut-Gov. Woodruff. It
was sid last night that considerations of
party interest had brought about the decision
of the leaders to let Mr. Worth have the nomi-
nation Jt was said, also. that Mr, Worth had
had a talk with Senator Platt {n which the sit-
uation had been diseuseed thoroughly and that
the Republicans of the Fifth district were all
going to stand by Worth

 

ROOSEVELT TO BE HERE TO-DAY.

Will See Attorney-General Davies About the
Gardiner Case.

Gov. Roosevelt 1s coming up to this city from
his home at Oyster Bay this morning and will
have a talk with Attorney-General John C.
Davies at the Fifth Avenue Hotelin regard to
the Gardiner investigation, As THE Sun has
told, the report made by Commissioner Ansley
Wileox of Buffalo, who heard the evidence on
the charges brought against Col, Gardiner by
the Muniefpal Affairs Committee of the City
Club, is in the hands of the Governor and has
been for a week, .

It ix expected that Gov. Roosevelt will have a
talk with Senator Hanna and Senator Scott at
Republican National Headquarters {n regard to
the itinerary of his stumping tour which Is to
begin at Chieogo on Labor Day. The Gov-
ernor's route has not been mide out vet, Gov,
Rooseve't may also call upon Chairman Odell
and the other campaianers in the headquarters
of the State Committee at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel,

 

CHANDLER ON THE CAMPAIGN,

The Senator Says New Hampshire Will Give
McKinley 40,000 Plarality.

Boston, Aug. ®—Senator Willlam BE, Chand-
ler of New Hampshire arrived here to-day,
and although he said he had only learned by
aceident that Chairman Hanna and Treasurer
Bliss, of the Republiern National Committee,
were in town, he hastened to the Hotel Tour-
aine and made a short eall on the campaign
managers. When asked about the prosp ects
of the tieket in the Granite State next Novem-
ber, Senator Chandler said:

“New Hampshire will give MeKinley the
largest majority this fall ever rolled up in the
State. In the last Presidential election we
wave MeKinley 26,000 plurality, but this veer
T expect to see it run up to 40,000 or more, The
Demoeratic party up my way has sadly dis-
integrated and only a few, frail fragments re-
main of a onee ereat party."

“Who will be the suceessor to Senator Chand-
ler?"

The gentleman from Concerd smiled with
self-satisfaction and whispered :

‘They can reélect me if they want to

Organtzition Victory in Allegany County,

Cuna, N. ¥., Auge. 9 —The fight against the
leadership of William J. Glenn, the recognized
leader of the Republican party In Allegany
county, ended to-day ina fizzle. After several
conferences the anti-organization element was
unable to get together, and it went ont inthe
first round in the county convention this after-
noon The firat fight was on Stat» delegates,
and Glenn won by a vote of 77 to 24. David M,
Hancock was named for Sheriff, Clarence Ricker
ror County Clerk and Pp, C. Grunder for Supere
intendent of the Poor A. W. Litchard, who has
served as Member of Assembly three terms, saw
that he could not get another nomination and
withdrew from the fight before a ballot was
taken, Supervisor Jesse 8. Phillips of Andover
was nominated by occlamation.

Fe Pe
one

  

TRADE MARK a

Make All Drinks Sparkling

Convenient for the traveler. °

Desirable for the home.

Economical.

The whole process take two minutes.
All sorts of fruit syrups and mineral tablets

furnished.

The gas is in the Sparklet. The mechanism is in the

stopper.

Plain bottles, $1.50 up. Syphons, $2.50 up.
Sparklets, pts. 25c. Qts. 4oc., Box of 10,

All Druggists.

Write for Booklet.

Compressed Gas Capsule Co.,

BROADWAY AND 25TH STREET, N. Y. CITY.

 

KEAHONITES RAGE AT BOYLE.

 

 

But He Seems to Have Recaptared Brennan
and Killilea.

Both of the Tammany factions of the Seventh
Assembly district met last night, but the meet-
ings were a quarter of a mile apart. About
two hundred of Patrick A. Keahon's followers
crowded into a cellar lit by fourteen gas jets
and no friction was needed to keep them warm.
The heat seemed to affect some of the speak-
ers, One of them declared that he could “seo
the handwriting written on the wall to show
that James W. Boyle was a little czar and that
the Seventh district was infested with imperial-
ism on asmall scale.”

This meeting was called to hear the report
of the Finance Committee recently authorized to
investigate the financial condition of the dis-
trict organization and to find out how Leader
Boyle had used the funds. Francis Sullivan,
one of the election district captains and chair-
man of the committee, read the report. By
way of introduction he said Boyle had broken
faith with the organization and made the selec-
tion of a new leader necessary.

“When we asserted our rights as Democrats,”
he said, *‘when we tnsisted that a change in the
leadership had become necessary, our sym-
pathizers lost their positions. Department
after department was visited, Keahonites
were chopped right and left, horses were sent
home to the stables of their respective owners.
There is no need of talking of our new leader's
Qgeressiveness. Suffloa it to say that he
visited every department in company with
that noble-hearted leader, Lawrence Delmour,
and every man has been reinstated. There-
fore, can any conscientious man say that we
have not the backing and indorsement of
the leader of Tammany Hall, the Hon. Richard
Croker? Electors of the greatest, fairest city
in the world, assert your rights, declare your-
selves, summon your civic pride and deal a
stinging blow in the face of such a man as
Boyle. It is high time that the coprright on

the pres, ‘How much ts there in it?’ ex-
pired.”

Sullivan then talked about the free excursion
that is to be given on Aug. 28 for the women
and children of the district, and said that the
Keahon men were doing all the work for it, while
the Boyle crowd was standing by to grab any
receipts there might be.

“Go to the picnic, ovary man of you who is
loyal,” shouted Mr. Sullivan, although the
temperature of the cellar was then 111, “and
jet your cry on that day be: ‘Three cheers for
Patrick H. Keahon.’ "

The report of the committee said that Boyle
had refused to appear before it. According
to the report the annual receipts from assess-
ments levied on all Tammany men in the district
are $13,816. The expense of conducting the
business of the district organization is only
$500 a year, and that sum is expended for print-
ing and postage, as the Tammany club of the
district is self-sustaining. The committee
wants to know what has become of the rest,
$18,315, and declares that Boyle has made no
accounting of the money, and that he jas
assumed full control of all the financial affairs
of the organization and declined to take any

of the other officers into his confidence. The
wind-up of the report was as follows:
“The committee further reports that this

financial mismanagement of the district or-
ganization has worked to the detriment of
this district, and gradually reduced its Demo-
cratic majorities: that the money which should
have been properly applied to the conduct of
energetic and well-organized campaigns has
not been properly expended for the benefit
of the district, and that this district. which
should have been first among all the districts
of the city in its Democratic majorities has
been relegated tothe rear.” ie:

This report was signed by Francis Sullivan,
Dr. Thomas R. Killilea, Peter Sherry, Coroner
Edward W. Hart and John HH. Little,

John P. Hilly, who was presiding, asked the
Keahonites what they wanted to do with the
report, They voted unanimously to adopt
it, and then tor the sake of emphasis some one
shouted: “To. hell with Boyle.” That. sen-
timent was also unanimously approved,

James FE. Duross, a lawyer and election dis-
trict captain, said that Richard Croker did
not directly or indirectly approve of the po-
litical mismanagement in the district

The meeting of the Boyle faction was at the
chibhouse, 240 West Fourteenth street, and
was for the purpose of arranging the details
of the excursion, About one hundred of the
regulars were present and Boyle availed him-
self of the opportunity to say that there was
just a little trouble in the district whieh would
soon blow over and thot hereafter all eleetion
districts would share alike in any good things
there might be to distribute

J. J. Buckley, as the representative of Ed-
ward W. Brennan, said that the Brennan crowd
would all stick to Boyle and then Dr. Thomas
R. Killilea, who had signed the report of the
Finance Committee denouncing Bovle, said
that he would stand by the regular organi-
vation too

 

 

 

  
   

NEWS OF THE ADVERSARY.

DEMOCRATS TRY TO GET UP COla
LEGE BRYAN CLUBS.

Solicitors Canvassing for Democratic Fanés
~Reported to Have Found Jerseymes
Hardhearted—Colorado Shows Signs of
Being Good Republican Fighting Ground,

 

Lawson N. Fuller went down to Republican
National Headquarters at 1 Madison avenue
yesterday, and invited all of the members of
the National Executive Committee to take @
drive with him behind six horses on the Speede
Way some day next week. Then he went over
to State Headquarters in the Fifth Avenue
Hotel and invited Chairman Odell to join the
party. Mr. Fuller hopes that he will get all of
the gentlemen whom he has invited aboard
his coach some day, and that he will be able te
break the record for a six horse team.

After Mr. Fuller's invitation had been ree
ceived the members of the National Executive
Committee settled down to work, and one of
the first things which demanded thelr attene
tion was a large package of correspondence
which had been received from college students
in all parts of the country. These students
reported that the Democratio National Com»
mittee through one of its agents had been trying
to organize Bryan and Stevenson clubs in all
of the big and little universities. According
to the plan of the Democratic National Come
mittee the clubs are to be debating soctetiag
which will hold public meetings in the first
weeks of the scholastic year, at which the
students, fortified by documenta supplied by
the Democratic National Committee, are ex-
pected to make stump speeches for the Bryan
and Stevenson ticket. According to the letters
received at headquarters yesterday there was

little likelihood of a large enrollment of college
boys in the Bryan ranks

The State of New Jersey is now being -
vassed by a number of representatives er‘the
Democratic National Committee, who are
soliciting funds tor the Democratic campaign
warchest it was said last night that in Patere
son the Democratic collector succeeded ig
getting between 31,000 and $1,100 in tive and tene
dollar contributions, and that his labors had
been about equally fruittul in other parts of the
State. The canvassers bave found that the
men who kept New Jersey in the Democratie
column for many years were not willing to cone
tribute to the Rryanite cause, and in almost
every case where they tackled old-line Demos
erats they did not succeed in getting any money,
‘This method of raising funds is being pursued
in every State in the Inion, and one of the
canvassers who is at work in New Jersey said
yesterday that the State of lowa had contrib
uted $100,000,

Senator Hanna is expected to return fron
Boston and be at his desk at Republican Nae
tional Headquarters to-day, Reports receiy
by Senator N. B. Scott, head of the Speakers

| Bureau, who has large property interests i

Colorado, indicate that there will be a mark
revulsion of feeling in that State at the polls
this year, Senator Scott said that of sixtye
three charter members of one MeKinley an
Roosevelt Club organized among the railro
men in Colorado, fifty-one were men who vote
for Bryan in 1s96, A poll of 111 miners,
whom all but sixteen voted for Bryan in 1
showed that ninety-three of then) intend
to vote for McKinley this vear. Senator Seo
said that he thought Senator Wolcott, w
will conduct the campaign in Colorado,
a good chance to put it in the Republican cab
umn,

 

TWENTY-NINE PAPERS BOLT.

 

Minnesota Editors Cannot Accept Bryae amg
His Issues,

Sr. Pavrn, Minn, Aug. 9 Since Bryan hag
made 16 to Land imperialism the paramount
jaguies twenty-nine Minnesota Democratic new.
popers have deserted the D>mocratic ticket and
de lared for McKinley Since the last Presi-
dential campaign the Republicans of thia State
have wained fifty-four newspapers. These are
all country newspapers and while some of them
still support the present fusion State admimise
tration they have all comeout against Bryap
and his issues

Batler’s Paper Doesn't Approve of Towne’s
Action,

Rareron, N. C, Ane 9 The Caucasion,
Senator Butler's newspaper, contained a elg-
nifleant editorial article to-day which is taken

to mean that the Populists of North Carolina
will not support Bryan and Stevenson, The
paper says that Mr, lowne has a perfect right
to decline the Populist nomination for the Vice-
Pre-ideney, but RG should not undertake to tell
Populists how they shall vote. Thatis a matter
which the Populists will decide for themse

 

 

SAMPLB SENT ON
APPLICATION TO

Brunswick
Pharmacal Co.,

New Branewick, N. J.

  
 

Escape

from the horrors of
Dyspepsia and the
intensified horrors of

Insomnia by taking

Johnson’s Digestive
Tablets

    
   
   
   
  

    

Papoids)