k
i
}
P
i
:

ah mtet

none ye omer

A peer, eee ne |

      

THE M'PHERSON REACHES HERE
AFTER HER LITTLE MISHAP.

 

How the Transport, With 456 Men of the Fifth
Infantry on Board, Lay Stranded on For-
tune Island for Two Days—Floated Again
Withoet Great Hart te Men or Ship.

The United States Army transport McPherson
came into port yesterday with a tale of the
narrow escape Fortune Island had from being
knocked off its base. The McPherson ran into
it full epeed on Aug. 2, and hung on to it like
a bulldog for two days. Fortune Island isn’t
much bigger than a minute and a half, but It
was not damaged by the collision, Neither
was the McPherson, which was pujed off by
the Norwegian fruiter Jamaica, Th transport
brought with her a Battalion of the Fifth United
Btates Regular Infantry which has been doing
garrison duty in the province of Santiago de
Cuba for more than a year, These troops
have been ordered to the United States pre-
paratory to being placed in Gen, Chaffee's
Chinese command, They leave for Fort Sher-
idan to-day, where they will be recruited and
recetve final orders.

The McPherson sailed from Barracoa, 4
port on the far eastern end of Cuba, on Aug.
1. She picked up a small garrison of the Fifth
here, having already stopped at Santiago and
Guantanamo for the larger part of the last
battalion of the regiment left in Cuba, There
were 456 soldiers aboard and seventeen civil-
fans. The sailing master of the ship was Capt.
larry Byrne. The army Quartermaster was
Major Morris C. Hetchins, The officer in
command of the troops was Major George
P. Borden. Everything was lovely until the
morning of Aug. 2. According to the ship’s
log she passed Castle Island light inthe Crooked
Island passage at 2:18 o'clock. Second
Officer Wangren was on the bridge. He is
an old sailor and he had steered this course
before, so a8 usual he altered his course nearly
8 points to the northwest and kept going ahead
full steam. The channel through here ts very
narrow and ticklish, and Wangren knew that
Fortune Island with the chub shoals was not
far ahead of him. fe felt sure that his al-
tered course would clear it, but he was keep-
ing a sharp lookout nevertheless, When
4 o'clock in the morning cumo and eight bells
struck, Third Officer Bercle came on the bridge
to relieve Wangren.

“Look out for the northwest corner of For-
tune Island,” said Waugren as he gave his

relief the course
“What's that «j) ahead?” asked Bercle, point-

ing dead ahead.
“It looks like a cloud, but it might be land,”
replied Waugren, and he sent below in a hurry

for Capt. Byrme.

The captain tumbled out of bis bunk and
came fiying up the ladder. fe reached the
bridge just in time to see Waugren starboard
the helm and signal to the engine room to re-
verse. The next second the big transport
went ashore. She jammed herself with a
full head of speed right up on top of the Chub
Shoal, took a big jist to starboard, and there
she ently pounding in the light sea,
The @ hed not been great, and many of
the sleepers aboard did not awake. Those
who did Round out what was the matter right

ulckly, but there was no excitement. Tho
Hfeboats were got out and preparations made
to 6 to them if it was heoeseary but the
engineer reported no leakage in the hold, so
that there was no immed cate yee for them.

The McPherson grounded at five minutes
after 4 o'clock. In a little while it was light
enough to see, and therrsight in front of them
lay Wile Fortune Island. fr the shoals hadn't
been there as a buffer there’s no telling what
wouldn't have happened either to the island
or the ship, bot fostunaiey, for the transport
the rock on whose back she had chosen to
lide was froth tered of pane ragged,
f she oo ‘ot O! ore & BtO came up
oe ree 10. Phos she'd be all right. 1n-
vestigation showed that she was clear forward
daft. About forty feet of her bottom amid-
ships yes a peround and the propeller couldn't

to .
y_ on Furtune Island took great
in in hi

. There are four white

people os a they call there. They
Ww y

{t's so stuall that even the gazeteer of the world

rt Town, but
does not mention it. Some cynical seilormen
eay that wrecks have a peculiar and sordid
interest for these Fortune Islanders, but be
that as it may they were mighty nice to the
McPherson's people. No sooner had the sun
risen than the natives came piling out to the
ship in small boats. They hung around
hunerily, offering to sell bananas or do any-
thing on for money, A soldier who counted
them said he was sure 885 of the 400 pepole on
the island showed up. The first y there
was no use for them, but they were interested
just the same and still hung around
The first vessel to come to the McPherson's
assistance was the Eastern Queen, a sponging
schooner of Nassau, manned with a negro crew
id tain. They offered their services and
Capts “Hutchins and Byrne accepted. A 6,400
pound anchor was put aboard the schooner
and carried off into deep water. Then the
hawser was attached to a steam windlass and
while the propellor churned the donkey engine
ulled away until it pulled the windlass out by
he roota Still there was no sign of the trans-
port’s wiggling off. It waslow tide, however,
when she went on, and there were ho! that
at h tide more success would follow. It
was decided to disembark the solders and un-
load part of the cargo. Major Borden ordered
Capt W. H. Chatfield to take three companies
ashore while the other company stripped to
ee buff, went into the hold with the crew to
help with the cargo. The steam launch towed
the lifeboats of the ship, the Eastern Queen
sailed in and the natives rowed in with their
strong *k arms, and before long there were
400 tona of cargo and sixty tons of soldiers on
shore. Then they waited for high tide or a

aasing ship.
° Meanwhile the soldiers pitched camp. The
enjoyed it. It was a regular frolic, although
th “grub,” being composed of the naval
ration only, was a little light. But there was
bathe in and natives to talk with
, and they had not been used

 

and had fun,
That evening the Atlas [ine steamer, Alene,
° ayong. She pesponges to signals. She
aid her best and pulled and tugged but without
avail. As there was no danger in the McPher-
son's position, the weather still holding fair,
the Alene went on about her business. There

i a until Aug. 4, when the Jamaica hove
+* t, She had more power than the Alene
or possibly the tide was higher.

At any rate
she was successful and at noon on Aug. 5 she
pop dabe A in pulling the transport back into
Coun wetee. 0:30 that night the cargo was
tumbled back on board and the McPherson
t under way, apparently none the worse
for her experience. She arrived at Quarantine
yesterday, but having been out considerably
over whe five days required she was not held
up long.
The Quarantine officers looked over the
troops and found them a very able-bodied,
healtity lot Just tickled to death to get away
m Cuba and have a chance for Chinese ser-
vice. The transport proceeded to the West
hore Railroad docks in Weehawken and begaa
ischarging the belongings of the troops,
his work will probably be finished this morn-

. As soon as it fa the soldiers will be en-
ained in a special of two sections on the Dela-
ware, Lackawanna and Western and rushed
through to qors Sheridan. The cease ace
co ying 6 regiment are: Major George
P borden, apts. Joseph M. T. Partello, Walter
1, Chatfleld, Charles ©. Clark; Lieuts. M. 8

arvis, A. E. Sexton, H, FE. Knight, B. J. Williams
J. M. Camp’ H. ©. Price, G. M. Brooke:
Surgeons B. A. Smith and J. C. Dougherty.

The mishap to the McPherson will be inves-
tigated by the War Department. After she
has discharged the Impedimenta of the Fifth
Infantry she will go to Pier 22 in Brooklyn
She will be examined by a diver, but it is not
thouht he will find injuries to her that will
make it necessary to have her docked. The
Government cannot spare her as all the trans-

orte are needed, especially now that the Cuban
aachers are to be returned. There is DO @X-
planation of how she came to be out of her
conrse when she went aground. She should
have been two and one-half miles to the west-
ward. \Wagten says the course he steered
in. this instance hifherto has cleared Fortune
Island and he thinks an unusually heavy cur-
rent must have swept the ship to the Sestward
No blame fs attached by any one on the ehip
to Capt. Byrne, who is responsible for the sail-
Ing of the ship, although Major Hetchins is
technically In command, The offlcers of the
Fifth presented Capt. Byrne with a testimonial
of thelr appreciation of his conduct and that
of the erew after the accident

Navy Yard Notes.
Forty-seven sailors on the trainivog ship
Dixie, which arrived at the Navy Yard in

Brooklyn fran Manila on Wednesday, were
tranaferred to the Naval Hospital vesterday,
The torpedo boat Porter arrived at the yard
from Newport yesterday morning. She came
to get a number of men who will be trained as
firemen. She will return to Newport to-day.

One of Brooklyn's Public Baths Closed,
The health’ authorities i: Brooklyn have
found no special pollution in the waters ad-
jacent to the public bath atthe foot of Br dge

street, many of the patrons of which reeently
sulle from sore eyes. In order to allay ap
prehension, the bath has been closéd tem-

porarily, and will probably be moved to some | one of the prineipal owners, was sold to-day at

other locality,

RAN DOWN AN ISLAND.| 7mmens

i

THE SUN, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900.

| IVORYTYPE MAN ARRESTED.
How They Propose to Secure Their Share of |
the World's Markets. NE TAUGHT A DETECTIVE THE

John C. Hanley of St. Paul is stopping at the | ART IN FIFTEEN MINUTES.

> J Se ~ ae _ | $2.75 for Instructions, $6.20 ~ ”
a 0 owers o & ; our or ‘ou
tary of the National Grain Growers’ Associa- | hv bane Bacnane inane Complaints to
tion and has just returned from Paris, where the Police Bring Case Some New Pupils.
he was President of the International Congress | rin : “ivorytype paint-
of Agricultural Associations of the World. Mr. | , After a two-day course in “ivo 3 dom ra
Hanley had this to say yesterday of the plan ie and having been ace sesuibees
, ‘ . > > eir new business yesterday }

and present conditions - the Wom rn and Gargan, Snyder and Arfkin of the Detective
ery oa ee aaaa enctinis was Bureau were ungrateful enough to “yo —
perman : , © 2 West Twenty-
organized at the Paris congress for the parson — Pease we oer tee the peleone?
of securing the codperation of farmers through- , ; : . ttle knowledse
out the civilized world in proposing and effect- had mad them pay 90.20 for = +h could ever

{I} make the industry of and some material, neither of whic

= on atom _* : | be of any earthly use to them.
_ ayer td ger vegpeione ity, two propositions Complaints of Case had reached Capt.
+4 Spestteed te ta oungienn First, reduce | MeClusky daily of late from all Bg ig him
7 : ’ _ | elty. The complainants reporte a ey
the acreage of the world 20 per cent. thereby had gone to 13 West Tweaty-second strect in

increasing demand by reducing ouemy _ response to advertisements like this:

LAY GREAT PLANS, MFADDEN THE WINNER.

 

 

Stops Kid McPartiand in Sixteen Rounds at
the Broadway A. C.

George McFadden, the noted lightweight,
succeeded in stopping Kid MePartland In the
sixteenth round at the Broadway A. C. last
night. To the crowd MoFadden appeared
to use foul tactics in many of the rounds
and there was much hissing and
faultfinding. Referee Charles White, however,
said after the mill that McFadden did no foul-
ing, but that McPartiand was the real offender.
The latter’s seconds interfered when the Kid
had +uffered two hard knockdowns. There
was 4 lump as large asa hen’s egg in the middle
of MePartland’s spinal column, which was
thought to be due toaseries of kidney blows
that were constantly administered by the win-
ner. The clubhouse waa well filled, many of
the spectators having come to town to see to-
night's big batile.

Austin Rice of New London and Hughy
Murphy of this city came together in a twenty-
round preliminary at 118 pounds with John

 

secure from the rice-eating . )

’ JANTED—Ladies having leisure hours home | White referee, Rice went after his man

world customers for - = — _ y can earn few Gollare week! OY pacer.” fon he tn os he aoe
r , rade of wheats | al ; . 12 W st, . sec

chan vations be tee Aah oe or round) Murphy was in such distress

producing nations into the Asiatic country,
and got rice-eating nations to consume the
surplus crops of the world and establish an
international competition against England*
which is now the greatest customer of all nations,
In plain words, the congress decided that

we must have an Oriental market, ;
"We, in America, have decided that the price
of wheat shall be $1 a bushel at Liverpool,
und it ia the intention to have the farmers
market their product slowly and sell at 31 a

Gargan went to the place last Wednesday
and found it fitted up like a photographer's,
All around the walls were hung pictures pasted
on the back of convex glass plates. A number
of persons were sitting about, Some of them
were painting on glass plates, Most of them
were listening to the eulogies which a pretty
young woman and a very seedy-looking man
were pronouncing upon the system of “ivory-
type painting.” Case made Gargan sit down

that the bell saved him. But in the third he
braced, and Rice got quite a severe punching.
Both were bleeding in the fourth, during whieh
Murphy showed the better stamina, Rice ra!-
lied in the fifth and reached the jaw with several
heavy jolts, but said Murphy stood up well and
worked his left uns) Austin's eves were smart-
ing. Murphy's leftear was visibly swollen in
the sixth, ‘The seventh was brimful of fast hit-
ting, both staggering at different periods.

bushel, When the market drops to 99 cents

they will get the signe to hot , Among the = ~, oe a ss di dae tl: aac Sa the alnth Bics colt eoen Murehy’s
‘ > sary ‘create yese conditions “ yu ou like to 2) 3 .

the ollowing national leqislat.on has been | Case TatD in a whisper, placing his hand on damaged ear for a_ stream of blood,

Murphy was staggering, but he punched back
hard enough to suffiuse nis opponent's face with

the detective’s knee,

ad for the United States. First, ex-
fension ¢ r ; “Sure,” replied Gargan, looking as hungry

‘ension of our foreign markets in Oriental coun ¢

tries. Second, the building of American | ag he could. . . . gore, Hoth were simply covered with blood in
ships and subsidizing the sane in such manuer “You can do it painting ivorytypes,” Said} the tenth, Rice banging the ear repeatedly,
as will increase the number offreight- | Case, a Biurphy reaponded withahort hooks which grad-
carrying ships of American build “But I am no artist,” protested Gargan. ally pulled Rice up, Though Rice came again
and carrying the American Nag “You don't need to be,” declared Case. “Al-

in the eleventh with a terrific assault Murph
mixed itand actually beat his man toa stand-
atillatthe gong. Murphy wentin to fight for
his life in the twelfth, and soon had Rice stag-
gering all over the ring. When the bell sounded
for the th.rteenth Ric+ said that he had enough.
So Murphy was the winner, Rice complained
ofabroken hand afterward, It was the most
sensational preliminary ever seen in the club,

McFadden was @ 2'9 to 1 favorite over
MePartland. The former was handled by

though I must say that you have somethin
of the artist in your appearance, which, 0
course, Will always be to your advantage, The
method of painting ivorytypes can be taught
you jn forty minutes, An intelligent man
may even Jearn it in thirty minutes, and you
look very intelligent.”

“How much?” used Gargen,

“The course of instruction will cost you only
$2.75," saidCase. “You may begin at once.

third, appoint a trade commission to investi-
ate conditions and propose remedies and legis-
ation that will enable us to secure an opening
for Oriental trade; fourth, abolish the Interstate
Commerce Commission; fifth, abolish forecast
crop reports issued by a national department;
sixth, abolish bucket shops; and seventh, place
the terminal elevators of the country in charge
of Government inspectors, to prevent mixing of
grains and destroying grades of conunercial

value in the markets of the world. Gargan paid out $2.75 with a good deal of Billy Roche, Harry Tuthi!), Tommy Shor-

“The above propositions have been indorsed | hesitation. A photograph, two glass plates, | te) and ‘Archie Marden. McPartland's
by the four great agricultural associations of | three small bottles, a thin brush and a half] seconds were Eddie Curry, Bob Clark
the country-the Nationa) Grain Growers’ | dozen color tubes were given to him. The] and Charley Duryea. McFadden before

photograph was to be pasted on the back of
one of the plates and then drenched in the oil
contained in one of the bottles. This done,
Gargan was told to help himself out of the color
tubes and to paint the back of the photograph
in accordance with his own taste. ‘The colors
would then show through the paper and glass
and make the photograph look like a genuine

entering the ring mad» @ long protest against
John White as referee, and insisted upon
Charles White, who was @ spectator. the
latter Was the final s en, The conditions
were twenty-five rounds @t 188 pounds.

coy did not get until the second
round. Then Mc! opened with a quick
left on the jaw aroused McFadden,

Association, National Cotton Growers’ Associa-
tlon, Farmers’ Alliance and Industrial Union and
National Farmers’ Federation of the Mississippi
Valley.”

STOLE MONEY TO GO TO CUBA,

 

   
    
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
  
 
   

   

Two Jersey City Boys Had Large Plans—They | wing” who began _ bo and heavy
Tarned Back but Were Arrested. Tha p otograph represented me head, of, . swings 4 MePart + him with

, young girl. Gargan put a splash of re oO! efts and also The Kid also

John Burns, 17 years old, of ait way street, the lips and anuther for each cheek. Some] ghota clean rig neck when at
Jersey City, and Henry, his brother, 15 years | pie {in one eve was matched asainst some | close quarters y that made

brown in the other. A ribbon in the hair in-
vited to the use of pink. ‘Two tubes remained
to be sampled, but Gargan disduined to use all
the resources of his art on one picture

“I know it is a little clumsy, but I have done
my best,” he said modestly when he handed tn
his masterniece,

“Beautiful!” exclaimed Case, after having

McFadden clin
In the third
got to the hea
tin the clinch
heeds,
Tace as the be,
MePartlan
up on the ja

old, were arrested at the Salvation Army
lodging house, 121 Pavonia avenue yesterday.
Oscar Krieg, a collector for the Lion Brewery
Company, accuses John, who worked for him,
of stealing $045 from the office safe. John’s
brother Henry {s alleged to be an accomplice.

defensive,
th roughe

with their
t flush in the

swing hich
nm they got

 

  
   
   
 
 

Burns had been in Krieg’s employ for several | looked at it for awalle. quae he turned to the | {nto a rough elt Kid put in
ba 2 e Y 1 yersons scattered abou 6 room. another blo eFad-
years. He {s the eldest on of form Se “Ladies and gentlemen, see here. This | den forced Msn
James Burns. He knew the combination o gentlemen hero has been at {t for fifteen min- | and atthe a ‘ach with &
the safe. Krieg says he placed $045 in the safe | utes only, and see ey, spangiely he on paint ty nd ote shel 4 oo
. lat > 0 Ww eo office | already by the application of our methoa, lcoFadden was ‘co: ing h the fifth,

Tuesday bight. When he lene . 1 Gargan was then told to come back next |! but MePartlg lante 4? fee t on his
at 10 o'clock Wednesday morning he ound day for further. {nstruction. Snyder and | face. McFad@en band .» kidngws at every
closed. Thinking young Burns was {ll Krieg | Arfkin followed him as pupils. When_ all opportunity i re Hii: he stied the
went to his home to see him. He was told that | three returned yesterday they found Case | Kid down. ‘
John had gone to the office as usual at 7 o'clock, | busy {instructing a twelve-year-old girl who had The sixth wins MaFne de he lead-
durrying back he sent for a locksmith and | jusé paid over her $2.75. When he had time | ing but MoPar nd givin bow blow.
the door of the office was soon opened. Krieg | to attend to Gargan he told the latter that the | Again MeFadden belted the idnays f man-
found the safe closed but not locked. He | next stage waa the purchase of an outtit like | ner caleula fo harm le

the one that had been lent him at first.
“How much?" Gargan asked.
“Only $6.20,” replied Case, “But then you

are ablo to make at least $12 or $15 a week.”
“Didn't you say $25 or $80," wondered Gar-

opened the door, but did not find the money,
He notified the police who sent out a general
alarm to all nearby citles and towns

No trace of the boys was found until about
1 o'clock yesterday morning, when Capt. Kelly
of the Seventh street police station was noti- | ¢g
fled by a citizen that he had seen the Burns

t er.d
McFadden 7 ft after the body i venth
and landed mady/ paintut vi . McPardand
continued to drite home ef tthahd kounters to
'

the head, but they did not keep Gear re away.
With more eu ?shes in the ribs aod op the

kidneys in the efghth-McFadden fiowiy took

adversary, who was tiring

    
 
  
 

an.
“No, net that much. You get 50 cents for | the steam out of h

boys going into the Salvation Army lodging | each portrait you paint for us, provided we are | ranid!® when ho w@nt to his corner, »

house, They were arrested, able to accept them, which, of course, wo are In the ninth McFa}iden never stop boring.
When taken before Chief Murphy $621.92 | judging by your work of yesterday McPartiand reacheg the point of the Jaw with a

was found in John's pockets. fle said that The $6.20 was paid over and the outfit deliv- | desperate right, UMt bie | Dewent ntAgonist

was all ho had taken, except 75 or 80 cents which | ered. Next Gargan displayed his shield and | only laughed e

he had spent. When asked why he took tha | told Case that he was underarrest. The pris- When the tenth Was, unpdér way) M¢Fadden

oner took it all very coolly. | After some pro-
testing he consented to pay back the $2.76 to
the little girl, who was Tora Wilberforce of
22 Hope street, Brooklyn. Sho wept when she
got tho money. fi

“I came all the way from Williamsburg,” she
said, “and I was so happy because 1 thought

money he said he had read so much about
Cuba and the _ battles fought there that he
wanted to see the place, He took the money
with the intentlonof buying a naphtha launch.
fle had invited several boys to accompany
him and Ilenry. After taking the cash from
the safe he and Henry walked to Passaic,

and was floored foxy a count, wh @ took on
one knee. When the Kid got up hé was weak but
ame McFadden sailed in for. a knockout;
ve couldn't do the trick. McPartland swung
his Jeft incessantly, but he could do no harm.

McFadden used all kinds of rough tactics in

got to the body tie with lefts ¢nd MoPart-

where they intended to talk over their plans, | 1 was going to make money.” t.-eleventh He wrestled, used his elbows and
but fle became friahtened and urged him Case was arraigned before Magistrate Pool | eyen throttied his man until the crowd hooted.
fn the Jeflerson Market court and held in | McPartiand fought as cleanly as possible under

to go back to Jersey City and return the money
to Gir. Krieg. He finally agreed to this and
would have done so if he had not been arrested.
He gave the names of the boys he meant to
take to Cuba with him, but as it was found they
knew nothing of the robbery, they were not

arrested, 4 t
Chief Murphy thinks the boy tells the truth | they returned to Case with the portraits he had
as to the amount he took and that Krieg made gives them to paint. he had declared them
a mistake in counting the cash he deposited | badly painted and useless.
in his safe. “If you cannot get into your head what any
In Burns's desk was found a letter ho had | Intelligent person can learn in thirty minutes,
written but had not mailed to Katie Griffin, | that is not our fault,” had been his invarlablo
15 years old, of 214Second street. She said | answer, they said. And that was all the satis-
she knew Burna only by sight and that | faction they could cet out of him.
he had never sent her any letters. The boys Gargan also said that many of those who had
were held for further examination. been persuaded to pay cash for instruction and
eee tools had had to pawn their clothing in order
to be able to do @ because the venture was
their last hope, Case, according to. Gargan
savs he is the New York member of the firm o
Hoffman & Case, “manufacturers and wholesale
and retail dealers in artists’ materials” at 137
North Lighth street, Philadelphia.

$1,000 hail for examination to-day lie produced
a bondsman, whom the Magistrate refused to
accept.

Gargan said later to a SUN reporter that the
Detective Bureau has the names of many com-
nlainants. All these declare,he safd, that when

the circumstances

McFadden was hissed again {in the twelfth
for foul tactics. MePartland showed itmprove-
ment and had the round on points

Inthe thirteenth MeFadden did more fouling,
while his opponent again scored the greater
number of points because of cleaner blows,
MePartland’s right eye was cut witha butt {in
the fourteenth, MoPartland met allof his ad-
vances with solid lefts in the head and face, but
McFadden showed no marks.

MeVartland was knocked down hard just as
the bell ended the fifteenth round and stag-
gered to his chair

MoePartland took a terrific punching and
roughing in the sixteenth. He was knocked
down twice, but each time he jumped up. His
seconds, however, interfered after the second

CONFERENCE WITH CANADIAN LINES, knock-down and McFadden got the tight,

U. S. Officials Trying to Provide for Better
Inspection of Immigrants.

MONTREAL, Quebec, Aug. 0-H. A. Taylor,
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury Depart-
ment, Washington; T. V. Powderly, United
States Immigration Commissioner, and C. 8.
Hamlin of Boston were in Montreal to-day
for the purpose of conferring with the local
steamship and railway companies on the
matter of providing for a more searching ex-

amination of immigrants destined for the
United States’ but landing at Canadian ports,
Mr. Hamlin is counsel for some of the lines,

The United States officials expressed a desire
that the Canadian steamship lines would adopt
the system of examination provided by an act
of Congress passed in the Cleveland adminis-
tration, and whichisin operationin the United
States to-day. This, they say, is more satis-
factory than that in operation in Canada, in-
asmuch as it prevents a certain class of immi-
grants from entering the United States. They
me visit Quebee before returning to Wash-
ngton.

FANCOUVFR, B. C., Aug. 9.—The immigra-
tion agent for British Columbla,the Hon, David
E. Healey, has applied to the Treasury Depart-
ment for permission to arm the border police
under his charge with rifles, and it is under-
stood that the permission has been granted,
He also asked for power to deport any pauper
immigrant from Japan caught attempting to
was from British Columbia to Washington

tate. At present large numbers of pauper
Japanese are slipping over the border and the
twenty-seven police stationed along the border
are powerless to prevent them, for they could
only round them up and drive them back into

 

 

NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN.

 

R. t Vailsb to Be Conti
VETERAN PLAYERS DEFEATED. eee os Tee SS a) Semen We

Eaton Oat of the Management,

An announcement has been made by Fred
Voight that Jay Eaton has been retired abso-
lutely from the management of the Vailshurg
track and that he, Voight, is now in full charge
of its affairs. Voight has not been implicated
in the questionable phases of the Eaton-Stevens
race, and as his methods were eminently suo-
cessful last years at the board course the an-
nouncement is calculated to restore some con-
fidence on the part of the patrons. Voight
was a quasi partner of Eaton and the con-
tinued use of the regular stationery was not
calculated to reassure crities, “Chairman
Batchelder has been insistent that Eaton must
not be associated with the track any longer
than it took to sever his connection, but he ex-
plained that as Eaton wasn lesses and not an
owner the track could not be closed by black-
listing without injuring the owner, who as an
Innocent party would havo a cause for a dam-
age suit, The punishment of Eaton is apt to
be a wholesome lesson to Voight in the future
conduct of the racecourse He announces
that racing willbe continued Sunday and that
hereafter the style of programmes will be those
in vogue last year,

Young Experts Qualify for Finals in Long
Island Tennis Championships.

SOUTHAMPTON, Aug. 9.—- There was a series
of upsets here to-day in the semi-final matches
in the Long Island Lawn Tennis Championship
tournament played on the courts of the Meadow
Club. The veteran George Wrenn was com-
pletely outplayed by W. A. Larned, who
defeated him in straight sets with ease.
Larned is at the top of his game and Wrenn's
lobts and hard drives made no impression,
Richard Stevens, the greatest base line player
inthis country, lowered the colors of the re-
doubtabie Bob Wrenn in the same event. Bob
made desperate attempts to get to the net,
where he could smash with good effect, but
Stevens sent the bali cutting along the side
lines for the points

[he most exciting and hotly contested battles
were furnished in the{doubles. Ollie Campbell
and Bob Huntington tried to make a stand
against the greatly improved play of the Hardy
brothers, the Pacific Coast champions, The
veterans took the tirst set easily. but at the be-
ginning of the next set the Hardys made every
stroke tell, They do not play as fast as most of
the Eastern plavers, but rely more on their cut
strokes and clever placing. Against these tace
ties the veterans were unubie to score often

~
SSS SSS SSS SSeS >= SSS Ses Sess sss slp hese eens
_ _

 

SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Aug. 0.—Harry Caldwell
of Manchester, NIL, defeated Burns Pierce of
Boston herein atwenty-mile motor-paced race

| ao . = ie to night. Pleroe was suffering from the ee
Canada, where they would hide until night and ana the Hardys Seen ¢ ihe mateh. The | of his fall at Charies River park on eae
ecross into the United States, The Japanese | Wrenn brotners, Bob and George, mot defeat | qay evening, but rde pluckily throughout

asapair aganst the Yale-Pennsylvania com-
bination, John A. Allen and W. J. Clothier

The finalsinallof the events will be played
to-morrow. In the singles W. A. Larned meets
Richard Stevens. The Hardy brothers and
John A. Allen and W, J. Clothier face each other
in the doubles, while in the consolation singles,
the Yale man, Allen, is pitted against the Cali-

abor contractors of British Columbia and
Washington State who are responsible for the
pauper immigrants crossing the line will be
watched by detectives and those in Washington
State will be prosecuted.

aud finished almost a lap behind, Pierce led
for two tiles, then Caldwell got ahead, to give
the lead up at the sixth mile, after which Pierce
led for three miles, to be again headed
by Caldwell, who kept ahead the rest of the way,
‘Tho time was 34 minutes and 50 seconds, Wat-
son Coleman, the five-mile L. A. W. champlon,
rode in exhibilion a mile in t minute and 84 see-

Special Session of Kentucky's Legislature.

‘RAXKFORT, Kv } »okh fornian, Samuel Hardy, On Sa'urd

Fraxkrort, Ky, Aug. 9--Gov, Beckham Rualich esberts ,* Ae hve and ED BI hg onds, Which is the record on a six-lap track,

will fssue a call for an extra session | wij play against a team selected from the er ck he summaries;
of the Legislature to meet in the last players weathered here The seore: wice Mi Appelt gn eee te by RW
? _ oO , : _@e At oe , arley, New Haven, 5) yards; Pe fekman, Bir-
week of August. The purpose of the | | Men'sChampi Led ee Te Wren gal round-W. | mingham, scratch, second, T. J. Grady, Chicopee, 20
call will be to amend the Goebel Ele “ | Richard Steveus defeated R. D. Wrer n, 2 6, 6 te yards, third; t : i Mile, Chicopee, 40 yards, fourth;
tion law to conform to the Lexing- | 6—4. *] SireeU Diet, Newark, Nod. BIB) sep vel, 100 yards,

: aan? . c ny a» ‘ 7 Siath Ps es PeU

ton Democratic platform providing for Men's Cham ponal \p Ds ubles— Semi final round Match Pace, Twenty-Mile Motor Paced -Won by

} John A. Clothler defeated R. D.

Harry Caldwell, Manchester, N. H; burns Pterce,
Boston. second. Time, 34 minutes 40 seconds,

‘Two Mile Motor Race-Won by Rudan and Dero-
asierx; Kreamerand Dyer, second, ‘lime, 3 minutes

4 l-o seconds,

equal party representation on the boards and
in election offices: the call will include a provi-
sion for legislation in the regulation of prices
on schoolbooks and probably a gerrymander of
the eastern Kentucky Appellate district now
represented by Chief Justice Hazelrigg, Demo-
erat, in which an election takes piace this tall,

Wrennand George L. Wrenn; Jr. 6-8. 2—8, 7—5;
Sumner Hardy and Samuel Hardy defeated Ollie
Campbell and R. P. Huntington, 4—6, 6—2, 6—1.
Men's Consolation Singles—First round-—John A,
Allen defeated Frederick I. Alexander, 6—2, 4—4,
~Semi final round-John A. Allen defeated C. FP
Watson, Jr, 62, 6--3; Samuel Hardy defeated R.
D, Little, 6-2, 1-6, 7-5

 

Charles M, Murphy, of ‘‘mile-a-minute’’ fame,
fs lying {lat his home in Brooklyn, Murphy was
riding down the eastern section o! the Brooklyn
ridge on his way home on \\ ednesday atter-
noon when the coaster brake on his wheel be-
carpe smashed and in tryin © to use his foot asa
brake on the front tire of hia machine his foot
became jammed and before he could get off a
tendon in his leg was wrenched,

=o.

New Officers for the 13th Regiment.
Lieut. Robertson Honey, an ex-artillery |
oMecer of the Regular army, and Acting Assist-
ant Deputy District Attorney in this county,

Young Rabiner Still Alive,
Joseph Rabiner, who tried suicide after killing
his brother-in-law, Isaac Stein, and attempting
to murder his father at Rockaway Beach,

 

bas been unanimously elected a Major in the 2 ao ae
Thirteenth Regiment in Brooklyn, Lieut. Henry Wednesday afternoon, wae till in a eritical NOTES
H. Royce of Battery I has been elected Captain | 9°. Cluen lastnight. Father and son are in St

 

‘The second annual sidepath convention of the New
Yor State Sidepath Consolssioners will be held at
Utiea on Sopt, 2+ and 21

A cycle path petween New Haven and Briccepoitis
in process of construction.

In Montoe county tast year 49,000 sidepath Heense
tags were sold Thus far this year there have been

where

The
shooting occurred near the Holland House,
owned by Edward W. Cross, in Hollandavenue

|

John's Hospital in long Island City, |
| Rockaway Beach, where the elder Rabiner at |
|

of the same and ex-Lieut. Emil D. Chem diin of {t was said, the elder Rabiner will recover

the Third Battery has been elected Captain of |
Battery F. |

 

 

Needle Point Fiew Into Her Eye. family and Stein and his wife were enending

 

Maggie McEntee, 16 years old, of Wallabout | Me summer, 42,000 tags purchased,
treet and Nostrand avenue, Williamsburg. Two Walters Asphyxiated,
was running a machine yesterday in the bagging ATLANTIC @rty, N. J., Aug. 9—Two walters Cricket,

factory of Walter & Bell at Wythe avenue and
Hewes street when a needle broke and the point
flew into her lefteye. The point was removed
by Dr. Kellar of St. Catherine's Hospital. It
wes said she would probably lose the sight of |
the eve.

The cricketteam of the S. S. Campania put up a
good game for the veterans of the Manha:tan © C,
yesterday at Prospect ark and succeeded in scoring
avictory by 43 runs. KE, Watson and J. Hodgson made
a fine stand for the sallors’ first wicket and put on 52
) before a separation was affected. Watson hit hard

ee eee = for 43 before he was finally disposed of, while Hodg-
India Famine Rellef Fand. aon adged 221n good styleand F. Cass contributed
: 3 “ 2. ‘or the Manhattans, the only double feu e

John Crosby Brown, 59 Wall street, Treasurer | scorers were G Fiugibbon with Sand J. Dean with
of the Committee of One Hundred on India B Piiliciason bowled tn poreneia form for the

. ‘ ‘a '

Famine Relief, reports contributions of $2,495.36 | SF Moston seared 3 for 41. for the, Manhatana
received yesterday, making a total to dateof | The score: Manhattan Veterans, 55: S% S$. Campa-
$202,435.54 Dia, 95,

of the Imperial Hotel, George Welsh and Doc
Roberts, were found deid in their room this
morning. The windows and dceor were closed
and the gas jetturnwion, A certificate of ac-
cihental asphyxiation was issued by the County
Dhysicun,

Philadelphia ‘Evening Star” Sold.
Puiraperpnta, Aug. 9 —-The Evening Star,
the oldest one-cent paper in this city, which was

established in 1866, and of which until the tine
of hiadeath the law John Russell Young was

 

auction for $14,5/

 

 

 

RAINBOW LEADS THE FLEET.

FEW N. Y. Y. C. RACERS IN SIGHT
WHEN SHE REACHES NEWPORT.

Cornelius Vanderbilt cht Is Lucky tn Piné-
ing Breezes and Holding Them—The Quis-
setta, Syce, Wasp, Old Mayflower and
Hester Are Winners tn Thetr Classes.

Newport, Aug. 9.—The Rainbow, Cornelius
Vanderbilt's 70-foot yacht, won the run from
New London to this port on the New York
Yacht Club cruise to-day. She finished a
long way ahead of the rest of the fleet and was
at anchor in the harbor when the other boats
got in. As she crossed the finishing Ine with
her big balloon jib topsall swelled out in the
light breeze and pulling her along at a fast
clip, she made a rare picture. Mr. Vanderbilt
stood at the side of the yacht and he showed
the pleasure the victory afforded him as he
raised his hatin acknowledgment of the whistle
from the committee boat as the yacht finiehed.
Mrs, Vanderbilt, too, smiled and every one on
board was greatly pleased. Capt. George
Parker had sailed the yacht with great judg-
ment.

Some may think that she had all the luck,
but the luck came only after tedious work.
The wind during the day was very bafMfilng.
It came from all points and the Rainbow car-
ried one breeze along until another came and
seemed to miss many of the calm spots that
the other boats ran into. Her victory makes
the race for the series cup offered by H. F.
Lippitt for the 70-footer winning the most
runs from port to port during the cruise very
interesting.

The yachts left New London harbor at 10
o'clock in the morning. There was 6 large
fleet there and among the late arrivals were
the old cub defenders Volunteer and May-
flower, A light breeze from north-northwest
carried the yachts out to the starting line at
Sarah's Ledge buoy, where Chairman 8. Nichol-
son Kane was waiting on the tug Edward Luck-
enback to send the racers off. They were tq go
to Brenton’s Reef Lightship, leaving Race
Rock and the whistling buoy off Point Judith
to starboard. When the yachts bad reached
the line the preparatory signal was given.
This was at 10:25 o'clock, Ten minutes later
the sloops were sent off.

Rear Commodore Robinson on the English
cutter Chester was the first across the line.
She had a big jib topsail up, and the spinnaker
was being sent up to port. It was broken out
a few minutes after she crossed the line. F. M.
Hoyt's Isolde was the next over, and then came
the Wasp. &. S. Redmond had the Syce nicely
berthed and she followed the Wasp, the first
boat in her class as usual. Sayonara, one of
the old 46-footers, was next, and then came the
Effort, her bright mahogany sides glistening
fn the sun. The Sistae and Otowana and the
yawl Petral were the next boats, followed by
the Kiowa, The two Herreshoff 61-footers,
Altair and Shark, were close together. The
racing between these two has been very hot,
and they are being watched with considerable
interest. The Astrild followed the 51-footers.
Frank Bowne Jones got the Cymbra over the
line just as the handicap gun was fired, and
the Vinita and Uvira were handicapped.

The schooners were sent off at 10:40 o'clock
and H. F. Lippitt got the Quissetta over first.
Her maintopmast staysail, balloon jib topsail
and spinnaker were all drawing. C.P. Bu-
chanan's little Uncas was the next boat. Dr,
H. C. Eno’s black schooner Latona, followed
by the Rusalka and Wayward, was the next.
Then came Howard Coates with the Geralia
and then the flagship Corona. This was the
last boat to get across the line before the handl-
cap gun was fired, The Constellation and Hil-
degarde were next and the Katrina, Ingomar,
Mayflower and India were the last of the feet.

The handicap gun for the schooners was the

reparatory signal for the 70-footers, When
t was fired the Mineola and Rainbow were to
the westward of tho line and the Virginia and
Yankee were to the north. At the signal the
Rainbow crossed first, followed by the Mineola.
They had balloon {ip topealls, The Virginia
was the next, and her spinnaker was broken
out to port as she went over the line. Herman
Duryea had miscalculated his time rather
poorly, and the Yankee, with her spinnaker
drawing, was handicapped about five seconds
The two English captains on Kainbow an
Minaola did not break their spinnakers for
some minutes,

Capt. Wringe tried to luff the Mineola to the
windward of the Rainbow, but Capt, Parker

milled ahead and when this was seen from the

lineola her spinnaker was broken out and 4
riinute later the Rainbow's big sail was hoisted
out and broken, It was terribly hot even in
the shade, and those who were on the ract
yachts running before the wind seemed to teal
the heat very much, There was promise then
of the wind holding and the flect getting to
Newport early.

W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr, who, as usual, sailed
the Virginia, kept to the westward of the fleet
in order not to be bothered with the boats
ahead and the Yankee kept rather near the
Virginia. The schooners and 70-footers ran
up on the sloops of the first division and all
were well bunched when Race Rock was

eached. At 11:20 o'clock the Isolde took i
her spinnaker and, trimming tn her sheet, parsed
the Race. Close astern was the schooner
ulssetta. Then came the Wash. Hester,
ayonara, Syce, Sistae, Corona, Petrel, n=
bow, Astrild, Lotowana, Latona, Ondawa,
Altair, Effort, Wayward, Hildegarde, Uvira,
Geralia, Constellation, Shark, Mineola, Yankee,
Kiowa, Virginia, Ingomar and Rusalka.

After the leaders had passe Rock
the wind dropped and they ran into a flat calm
The tide was running through the Race and
churning up the waters, and the boata began
to drift back on those that were boning: It
looked as though there would be severa -
lisions, and the crews were kept bus Srinath
in the big Spars so that they would not cate
in the rigging of the boats near them. There
was no 8 an of wind anywhere. Some of the
yachts had their booms off the port and some
off the starboard. Then the Sistae seemed to
catch a zephyr and she walked through t
fleet in marvellous style, only to stop when she
wot in the front rank.

W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr., had kept the Virginia
well to the westward and she carried a light
breeze that very soon put her to windward
of the fleet. The Yankee was a close secon
and as these two boats seemed to be i og

 

 

by the wind, light as it was, many of the ot
boats tried to work their way to the southwar
to get the benefit of any Ught air that might
be there. The Mineola in the meantime h
turned sharp around by the rock and hea

{n to the land 6n the _ port tack,
Cant. Wringe evidently had th idea
that the northerly wind that had been

blowing at the start would soon reach across
Fisher's Island, His judgment waa good, but
in carrying out the idea he had he held in too
stralht to the land and got hopelesaly becalmed,
Capt. Parker, on the Rainbow, had the same
idea, but instead of heading in to the northward
he stood in a northeasterly direction, and catch-
Ing some light breezes was seon in under the
shore,

The Virgiria and Yankee, carrying a
southwesterly breeze, hauled more and more
t) the southward, evidently expecting that the
breeze would strengthen shortly he rest
of the yachtsmen held different opinions as
to the best course to sail. Some worked one
way and some the other, The Shark was the
first to pull out of the bunch. She was fol-
lowed by the Wayward, kiowa, Ingomar, Con-
stellation, Isolde and Corona,

They divided up in three divisions, one held
to the south,and carried along a southwesterly
breeze, using balloon jib topsails to send them
on their way. The Shark waa the leader o
this division at 12:30 o’olock., She was followed
by the Venita. Ingomar, Virginia, Ingra. Yan-
kee, Hildegarde, Astrild, Corona and Petre)
in the order named. Ln shore with the wind
from the northwest and strengthening every
minute was the Syce, rapidly forging ahead
of the whole fleet. The tainbow
heeled well over 4s she went through
the water. She was followed by the
Quissetta, Wasp, _Fiffort. Mayflower. Hester
and the Mineola, Between these two divisions
were a half dozen boats that had the wind
from the westward, and some of them carried
spinnakers to starboard, The Isolde led this
division, and she was followed by the Latona,
Sistae, Katrina, Sayonora, Uvira, and Altair.
It wos evident that the yachts that had held
in under the shore had a much hetter position
than the others, The wind seemed to be fresh-
ening all the time. It was a peculiar wind, too,
It did not blow out further then half a mile
from the shore, One yachtsman after the race
wos over, said

“The two winds had been fighting all day and
neither had obtained the mastery.” ;

At 1:10 o'clock the Rainbow was off Watch
Hill, She was close hauled and carried a small
jib topsail, She was rapidly overhauling the
syce, which was still the — boat in that
division, The Quissetta, bowling along in
style familiar to all who have seen this noted
boat race, was third, About one mile and a
half astern waa the Mineola, and the Belmont
boat seemed to be gaining on the leader, At
1:45 o'clock the Rainbow was off Noyes Point,
and there she ran out of the northwester!
breeze and for a short time was beonlened,
Then the southwesterly breeze struck in and
evbing the boom over she went on with
race

rhe off-shore division at this time was carry-
ing spinnakers to starboard, but ther were at
least three miles to the southwest, ‘Then the
tide turned. So far they had been favored
with it, but now they had to buck against it,
The Rainbow gradually worked her way along
the beach and at 3:34:20 she passed the whist-
ling buoy of Point Judith. she gybed her

,

Prtersittaiag

zo8

the |

 

ol

tching Burning
-Blotchy Humors

Instantly’ Relieved
and Speedily Cured by

(ticura

The itching and burning I suffered in my feet and limbs for three years
At night they were worse and would keep me awake a
greater part of the night. I consulted doctor after doctor, as I was travel
ling on the road most of my time, also one of our city doctors. None of the
doctors knew what the trouble was. I got lot of the different samples of
the medicines I had been using. I found them of so many different kinds
that I concluded I would have to go to a Cincinnati hospital before I would
get relief. I had frequently been urged to try CUTICURA REMEDIES,
but I had no faith inthem. My wife finally prevailed upon me to try them.
Presto! What achange! I am now cured, and ‘tis a permanent cure. I
feel like kicking some doctor or myself for suffering three years when I
H. JENKINS, Middleboro, Ky.

Complete Treatment $1.25,

Consists of Curicurns Soar (25c.), to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales and softes,
the thickened cuticle, Curicuna Ointment (50c.), to instantly allay itching, irritati
and inflammasion, and soothe and heal, and CuTicuna REsoLVENT (50c. ), to cool an
Cleanse the blood. A Sinove Sr is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, dis
figuring skin, scalp, and blood humors, rashes, and irritations, with loss of hair, when
physicians, hospitals, and all else fail. Sold throughout the world. Potrer Dave
4p Cuem. Corpr., Sole Props., Boston. ‘‘ How to Cure Itching Humors,” free.

Millions of Women Use Cuticura Soap

, purifying, and beautifying the akin, for cleanai:
, and the etopping of failing hair, for softening, whitening, and
© form of baths for annoying. irritations, inflam.
mations, and chafings, or toc free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for
ulcerative weaknesses, and for many eanative antiseptic purposes which readily 6
thempelves to women, and especially mothers, and for ali the
and nursery. No amount of persuasion c&in induce those who
other, especially for preserving and parifying she skin, scalp, and hair of infants and
children, CuTICURA 804P combines delicate emollient properties derived from CuTI-
CORA, the great akin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most refreab.
ing of flower odors, No other medicated or tollot soap ever compounded {s to be compared
, and beautifying the ekin, ecalp, hair, and hands No
nsive, ie to be compared with it for all
hus it combines in ONK SoaP at Own
and complexion soap, and tho BEST tolles

were terrible.

Oould have used CUTICURA remedies.

Exclusively for p'
crusts, scales, and da:
healing red, rough, and sore hands, in

with i¢ for p: , purifying

other foreign or domestio toilet soap, however ex
the purposes of the toliet, bath, and purser
Prics, vis., TWEnry-Five CENTS, the BEST
and past baby soar in the werld.

 
 

 

boem over to starboard, set spinnaker to port
and started on the run to the finishing lne,
After ut half an hour she ran Into a soft
gpot age and for some time was becalmed,
en the win in east by south. The
spinnaker was taken in and the boom gybed

sh line. She pessed between
ttee boul and the i tehip at 5:56:12.
he others were almost out of sight. The
seetta sed the whistling buoy at 6:52:15.
neola at 3:55:20 and Syce at 4:10:00, They
set spinnakers r starboard, which carried
them along until the easterly wind struck
them. Then yY managed toreach the finish
without gybing.
The Quissetta. finished at 6:59:25 and then
came the Mincola at 6:15:52, Syce finished at

6:34:59 and Wasp at 7:00:41, Then came the
ae vy defender Mayflower, crossing the
ea

:20:00 and mo Hester one second later.
The aun by this time had dropped likeable red
hall ef fire below the horizon. To the eastward
the full moon was beginning to appear, It
shone across the water, making a path of light
between the lightehip and the committee boat
The scene was a brililant one. There was
scarcely a ripple on the water. A light zephyr
wafted the yachts on their way and sent them
into the harbor, whore some 200 odd yachts
wore awaiting their arrival,
The red and green lights carried on the vachts
made the picture a pretty one and some of
them burned signal lighis as they approached
the cominittee boat, The Yankees came on
like @ spectre and crossed the line at 7:49:39.
Aatern of her was the Virginia at 7:51°15. Then
enme the Isolde at 7:52:20 and the Ingomar at
#:03:40. Of these boats the Kainbow, Quis-
setta, Syce, Wasp, Mayilower and Hester were
winners in their clusses, The Quissetta was
also a winner in the race for the vice-commo-
dore’s oup for schooners and the Syce in the
race for the rear commedore's cup ior sloops
The committee stayed out at the finishing
line to take the times of the yachts. but very
few had finished at a late hour. To-morrow
the run will be to Vinevard Haven.

The Manich Chess Tournament,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

MUNICH, Aug. 0.—To- day's reanits were Burn beat
Berger, Halprin and Pillsbury drew, Marco beat Bar-
Gelebem, Schieehter beat Gottsehall, Maroczy beat

Billecard, Showalter beat Jakob, Cc
drew, Janowski beat Wolf, — ee and Pupit

 

‘The record up to date

       

 

| Won. Lost, Won. Lost.
Bardeleden.... 200 11, ine ‘4
Berger..... sue 7 Gece 5 ve
Billecard...... 3 2
UID. crores, OMB 23
ison i iM Schlechter i
- . ec + eee DO

Halprin 4 w Showslter.... 6 ;
Jakob......... 1% 12% | Wolf) og 7

 

caly |.

urposes of the Wwilet, bath,
ave Once used it use any

  
 

Esperanza Wins at Newport in a Shifting

 

 

Newport, Aug. 9.—The sweepstakes race bee
tween the $0-footers this afternoon was won
by the Esperanza, suiled by Mr, Willard. It
was a most unsatisfactory race, asthe wind was
light and continually shifting. At the start {t
wis fom the north, but when the yachts cov-
ered half the course the breeze -hifted to south-
west, making the entire race windward work,
The start was made off Kose Isiand and the
course was to Fiske ledge and return, sixteen
The Wa Wa led at the start, but got be-
calmed half way up the bay and wi
the outer mark the Esperanza was in the lead
by nearly a minute, with the Veda second Oy
the beat back the Poliywog took second place
and the Vaquero III, did not nish, The sun-

Boat and Owner.

MR

M.S AM. S.

Esperanza, W.
lp OPoere ’ .

og, A. MW. Paget.

Veda, G. Bacon :

Ripple Wins on Gravesend Bay,

| The second of the series of races between cat-
| boats belonging to New York yachitsmen living
at and about Bath Beach was decided \ esterday

off the public park at Bensonhurst on Graves-

y he course was about eleven miles
Seven boats started, as follows: Tha
Ripple,G K, Brown; Ricardo, Henry J. Sea-

Saniers, Katie G.,
G. Damery, and Holy Smoke, Ed
| pee course was covered three

ipple won, the Wrinkle being second and the
| Ricardo third in ' sae

18 BENEFITED ONLY BY PROPER
truss that holds rupture fully and alway»
druss, comfort and safe holding are assur
our patent Pad uses the inherent dows
rupture to CHECK tts deseent Instantly
Matically. Most cases we fit are victims
“methods ' and operations
ulour Truss to severest test before 5
turing elastics, no leg-straps
Hoding guaranteed.
CHAS, CLUTHE CO.,
209 FAST 14TH ST,
5th Av. and Unton Sq.
Latge Physicians