f neh EP le ee ee =

 

 

     

‘AUGBST 10, 1900,

FRIDAY,

 

 

 

 

 

_-

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

i

DAILY, per Month ........:ceccc cc creeaeeweeees 80 50
DAILY, per Year. .-..ccccseeccreerenereeeeonees 600
SUNDAY, per Year... peers sh aGhSENS 200 |
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year. ..-.ssss 8 .

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month.....
Postage to foreign countries added.
THE SUN, New York City

PARIS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kioeque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

If our friends who favor we with manuscripls for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in ali cases send sampe for that purpose.

Senator Chandler on Negro Disfran-
chisement.

A letter from Senator CHANDLER of New
Hampshire on the disfranchisement of
negro citizens by Southern States is printed
elsewhere in this paper.

It will be found to be a discussion of the
subject so thoroughly temperate that it
justifies his declaration that all personal
bitterness aroused by the question has now
passed away in him, Nor is he ready to
jump to any conclusion regarding methods
of dealing with it by legislation, but rather
appeals to both North and South to treat
the question with “candor, fairness and
mutual forbearance.”

The question is of the gravest national
importance. Forty Representatives in Con-
gress and forty Presidential Electors are
now based on the colored population. If,
then, the Southern States are allowed to re-
tain the power of these votes, though they
disfranchise the negroes, or a great part of
them, the South has an unfair advantage
which is sure to make trouble.

We invite attention to the calm discussion
of the subject by Senator CHANDLER.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Very Near to Treason.

Among the ten thousand words of Mr.
Baran’s painfully wrought essay on the
theme that “republics can have no sub-
jects,” these only are deserving of serious
consideration:

** If elected I shal! convene Congress in extraordinary
peasion as coon as 1 am inaugurated, and recommend
an immediate declaration of the nation's purpose, first,
to eatabliah a stable form of government in the Phillp-
pine Islands, just as we are now establishing 4 stable
form of government In the Island of Cuba; second, to
give independence to the Filipinos, just as we have
promised to give independence to the Cubans; third,
to protect the Filipinos from outside interference while
they work out their destiny, Just as we have protected
the republics of Central and South America, and are,
by the Monroe Doctrine, pledged to protect Cuba”

This is definite enough as a statement
of intentions and a pledge of action in case
Mr. Bryan is elected President. He will
convene Congress in extraordinary session
and use all the power that a President can
exert to induce Congress to withdraw the
flag of the United States from the Philip-
pine Islands.

When Mr. Brran pronounced these
words, did it oocur to him that he might be
giving at that very moment the signal
for the death of hundreds or thousands
of our soldiers in the Philippines?

The United States Government is en-
gaged in stamping out the embers of re-
bellion in Luzon; and our men there are
doing their duty under the flag.

The insurrection in Luzon has found its
mainstay in the encouragement to continued
resistance which the utterances of certain
American citizens here at home have
afforded to its leadeis. Most of Aavt-
NaLpDo's sympathizers have been persons
without official responsibility, like ATKIN-
6ON and GARRISON and WINsLow. A few,
like Petriarew, hold Federal office without
exerting much influence on American opin-
fon. But the utterances of even these
irresponsibles and lightweights have served,
as LAWTON testifled just before his own
death, to speed the bullets that have sent
our officers and privates to the grave.

And now the man who will be President
of the United States if the Democracy
wins this election sends to the insurgents
his message of hope and stimulus.

“Keep up your fight,” he says to Aarct-
NaLpo's Tagals. “Keep on shooting down
the men who wear the United States uni-
form. If I amelected you will have won.”

Tn the maze of his theoretical argumenta-
tion and in the confusion of his rhetorical
detail, did Wrui1am J. Bryan really under-
stand how near he was to treason?

Did he foresee the one direct, practical,
murderous effect of his promise to the
rebels in arms against the United States
Government and flag?

 

Wigs.

On account of the heat, it was announced
recently, Mr. Justice MATHEW of the Court
of Queen's Bench, or as it is called now, the
Queen's Bench Division of the English High
Court of Justice, had removed his wig in
court, and had tried a case without his pro-
fessional head covering. It will be remem-
bered, too, that within a short time straw
hats have appeared in London; that clerks
and even heads of houses have discarded
the time-honored top hats, and have gone
to their offices with head coverings made of
atraw, " plaited and sewn in the form of and
made to resemble hats.”

These recent happenings might seem to
indicate that the Briton was losing his rev-
erence for law and order, the Queen and al!
the royal family, Magna Charta and all other
palladia of his country's liberties,

But there is still hope for the British Con-
stitution, shaken though it may have been
by two such iconoclastic events happening
80 close together. Thirty-two years ago
last month. -nearly a generation ago, that
is—Mr. Justice Witpe and several barris-
ters appeared in court without their wigs,
and for the same reason: the weather was
hot. Yet the Queen reigns and the Govern-
ment of Great Britainstilllives, As the Gov-
ernment is atronger now than it was then,
by thirty-two years, it is possible that it
may survive the present double shock

As to the validity of any act or decision
of the court made while Mr. Justice MatnEew
sat with unwigged head, we cannot speak.
Undoubtedly the House of Lords, as court
of last resort, will be called upon to decide
upon the work of the de-wigged court. Its
decision may be momentous in its con-
sequences

The wig, as worn in (reat Britain by
Judges, barristers and advocates, and the
Speaker of the House of Commons, is one
of those relics of past customs which the
Briton is so slow to destroy. The same
affection for old customs simply because
they are old is what makes England and its
neighbors so fascinating for Americans,
With us, the fact that a thing is old is all too
often areason for abolishing it or destroy-
ing it. Not so in England; if an old thing is
in the way, if there is a demand for
{ts removal, very well; it may go. So

Northumberland House went, to make
way for an avenue and great new hotels;
so the old inns of London have gone,
with churches and monuments of old time. '
But if an old thing harms no one, it
is preserved. So the Judges wear wigs,
as do the barristers; so does the First
Commoner in England, the Speaker, So
each year the vaults under the Houses of
Parliament are searched, lest Guy FAWKES |
have secreted himself there to blow up the |
Estates of the Realm; and so hundreds of |
harmless and innocent old customs are pre-

| served for ribald folk to deride and envy.

The gown worn by Judge, barrister and
Speaker is a relic of the time when the law
was administered by clerics, when the robe
was a mark of dignity and honor; the wig
is said to be a modification of the coif or
cap with flowing pendant, worn by legal
dignitaries some centuries ago. It is
derived more directly from the wigs of
the sixteenth century, and is in fact a
peruke, not an ordinary wig

That the wig is really only an incident of
British justice is shown by the fact that Mr.
Justice Wipe in 1868 and Mr. Justice
MATHEW in this year sat without it, and
further, that though the Justices of the
various courts in the British colonies sit in
robes, they have not worn wigs. Wigs and
gowns disappeared from the American col-
onies promptly after the Revolution. Gowns
have reappeared {n some courte, both Fed-
eral and State, but the judicial wig for
nearly a century has not found in America
a head on which it rested comfortably.

 

 

Mr. Towne’s Personal Sacrifice.

Instead of obscuring the silver issue {n
this campaign, the withdrawal of Mr.
Towne in favor of Mr. STEVENSON makes
that issue all the more conspicuous.

For Mr. Towne representa, with a sin-
cerity certainly equal to either Mr. BRYAN’s
or Mr. STEVENSON'S, and with an intellectual
force and persistency much superior to
STEVENSON’ and on a par with BRYAN'S,
the demand for the free coinage of silver
at the ratio of sixteen to one. No man who
knows his fidelity to conviction believes
that Mr. Towng would withdraw his name
from the Populist ticket if he thought the
cause of free silver was to be side-tracked,
or that “Bryan and STEVENSON” meant
leas distinctly than “Bryan and TowNng”
the purpose to effect, if possible, the deg-
radation of the American dollar. If Mr.
Towne thought that, he would stick for the
sake of the principle, no matter what polit-
{eal inconvenience might result to the head
of the ticket.

His withdrawal signifies that this earnest
and honest advocate of a destructive policy
knows that the cause of repudiation and
the other special tenets of Populistic faith
are as safe in STEVENSON’ hands as they
would be in his own. His letter to the
Committee on Notification is a certificate of
the perfect Populism of both Bryan and
STEVENSON,

Towne is off the ticket, but free silver |
is not off.

 

How They Will Vote in Canada.

Now that the Canadians, like ourselves,
are preparing fora general election, it be-
comes a matter of interest to compare the
conditions under which the franchise will
be exercised in the two countries.

Under our Federal Constitution, the right
of voting for members of the House of Rep-
resentatives is conferred upon those per-
sons in each State who, by the State Con-
stitution and laws thereof, are qualified
to vote for members of the lower or
popular branch of the State Legislature.
Our Constitution does not fix the qual-
ifications for voting for Presidential
Electors; indeed, Presidential Electors
need not be directly chosen by the
people at all. According to our Federal
organic law, each State is to “ appoint’ the
number of Presidential Electors to which it
it entitled, and this power of appointment
was long exercised by State Legislatures.
As lately as 1824, the Electors were chosen
by the Legislatures in eight States. Four
years later, the power was exercised by the
Legislatures in only three States, Delaware,
New York and South Carolina; but South
Carolina continued to exercise it down to
and including 1860.

The Canadians, of course, when they
formed their Constitution were not inter-
ested in our mode of choosing Presidential |
Electors, because in the Dominion there is
no analogue to the President of the United
States, the powers of that officer being
shared by a Governor General repre-
senting the British Crown, and a Prime
Minister representing the majority {n the
Dominion House of Commons. They
were interested, however, in our mode of
choosing members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and Sir JoHn Macpnonanp
seems to have hesitated between our method
and that prevailing in the United Kingdom,
where not only are the conditions of the
franchise in England, Wales, Scotland and
Ireland defined by Parliament, but they are
enforced, in the matter of registration, by
imperial officials. Such hesitation may be
presumed, because the Dominion Constitu-
tion, embodied in the British North America
act, does not immutably settle the matter,
but leaves the franchise to be regulated by
the Dominion Parliament, so far as the elec-
tion of members of the House of Commons
is concerned.

In pursuance of the power thus given, the
Ottawa Parliament at one time passed a
Dominion Franchise act, one result of which
was the expenditure of $150,000 for the
preparation of Federal lists of voters once
every four years. On the theory that this
outlay might be avoided by the use of the
provincial lists, the Dominion Franchise act
was repealed, but, according to the Mail
and Empire of Toronto, the expected econ-
omy has not heen attained, for now the
provincial lists have to be purchased and
reprinted at Ottawa, and the estimated cost
is $40,000 per annum, or $160,000 in a four-
year period

The Dominion Franchise act having been
repealed, a great variety of franchises will
prevail in the different provinces at the
next general election, We are accustomed
to such a lack of uniformity in the United
States, our Federal Constitution making no
attempt to control the States in this partien-
lar, except so far asthe latest amendments |
forbid any State to disqualify a citizen for |
voting on the score of race, color or pre-
vious condition of servitude, In British
Columbia, Manitoba and Prince Edward
Island manhood suffrage obtains. In Onta-
riothere isa mixed system, but the one-man-
one-vote principle is enforced. In Quebec’
there are property and income franchises;
moreover, an elector can vote ina multi-
plicity of constituencies, In Prince kdward
Island, curiously enough, there is no voters’
list, but voters register and vote at the |
same time at the polling booths. Such a |
state of things would obviously offer op-
portunities for fraud, but for the fact that
in Prince Edward Island a voter's qualifi-

     
 
  
 

 

or

 

 

when the scrutiny is made, just as in On-
tario the qualification is considered when
the list is prepared.

It seems reasonable enough that every
Province should be left to decide for itself
whether it desires a prope:ty qualification
of the franchise, At all events, such a state
of things obtains under our Constitution,
On the other hand, however, it is natural
that wherever in the Dominion of Canada
the one-man-one-vote principle prevails a
protest should be raised against the system
of plural voting which survives in the
Province of Quebec.

The Labor Question in Hawalt.

The sugar planters of the Territory of
Hawaii need hands for their cane flelds and
are planning to obtain negro labor from
our Southern States. Their main reliance,
for years, has been the Japanese, of whom
there are about 23,000 in the islands. Only
asmall part of the 19,000 Chinese immi-
grants have been employed on the sugar
plantations, They have been engaged in
genera! agriculture and particularly in till-
ing the rice flelds and in work about the
towns, These Asiatic races number a third
of the population and, as further immigra-
tion from China and Japan has been pro-
hibited, the labor problem has again be-
come important.

Years ago, the sugar planters studied the
possibilities of procuring white labor. The
result was satisfactory and the labor problem
was believed to be solved. It was found
that the climate of the Azores is almost iden-
tical with that of the Hawaiian Islands and
that scores of thousands of the Portuguese
inhabitants work in the fields, Fleven
thousand of them were brgught, under con-
tract, to the Hawatian plantations. They
rendered efficient service and proved them-
selves adapted for hard labor under tropi-
cal conditions, But it happens that they
are thrifty andambitious, As their savings
increased they left the cane fields and now
they are teamsters, mechanics, overseers,
merchants and landowners. White labor
was a failure because it could not be kept
down to cane raising.

There is no harder farm work than sugar-
cane growing. From planting to grinding
it requires the labor of strong men under a
blazing sun. Any one who has seen the ne-
groes cutting cane onthe big plantations
near New Orleans knows how well they
work. There are no better sugar hands
anywhere than those on the Louisiana plan-
tations. Cuba, the largest source of cane
sugar in the world, would be glad to have
equally efficient labor. It is among these
Louisiana sugar hands that a few Hawaiian
planters are now engaging laborers; and
they say if this first experiment succeeds,
many thousands of Southern negroes will
be a welcome addition to the labor supply
of our {sland territory in the Pacific,

There is plenty of work for our negro citi-
zens at home. But if any of the most in-
dustrious among them wish to emigrate, no
fairer land than the Hawaiian Territory can
be found. It{s a paradise compared with
any part of tropical Africa; and how can tt
help being healthful with the northeast
winds permeating every part of it, and
temperature that is ten degrees cooler
than that of any other land in the same
latitude?

 

Bryan’s Direful Threat.

This threat made by Bryan in his notifi-
cation speech will not tend to commend
the 16-to-1 candidate to people who have
a not unnatural desire to save their property
from destruction:

“If elected, 1 shall convene Congress in extraor-
dinary session as soon as 1am inaugurated,” &0

The immediate consequence of the
election of Bryan, as Gen. PALMER and as
all sagacious men of business foresee very
clearly, would be a disastrous commercial
and financial panic. That business con-
vulsion, with its consequences, would con-
tinue during the coming winter. Business
would be brought to a stand-still and enter-
prise would cease.

That condition of depression Brran
pledges himself to aggravate if he ts elected.
As soon as he is inaugurated on the 4th
of March, at the opening of spring, he will
call his Bryanite Congress into “ extraordi-
nary session.” Of course, such a prospect
would prevent any possibility of recovery
before the assembling of the session, and
while it was in progress the dread of what
it might do would increase and prolong
the business uncertainty and confusion.

Then, in December, would follow the
regular session of Congress, which would
set about to rip up the legislative settle-
ment that had brought stability, prosperity
and security to business.

First on the programme, as laid down
{n Bryan's Kansas City platform, is “the
immediate restoration of the free and
unlimited coinage of silver and gold at the
present legal ratio of 16 to 1, without
waiting for the aid or consent of any other
nation.”

Second, is the repeal of “the Currency
bill enacted at the last session of Congress,”
denounced {n the platform as “a scheme
for fastening upon the taxpayers a per-
petual and growing debt.”

Third, is the repeal of “ the Dingley Tariff
law,” denounced by the Bryantte platform.

Fourth, “government by injunction”
would be attacked.

These are a few of the revolutionary
measures which the Bryanite Congress
would bring forth. Meantime how would
fare the people who are now prospering
under the stability secured by the policy
and the measures which BRYAN would up-
set and destroy?

And he threatens to begin the work of
devastation as soon as ever he ip inaugu-
rated!

The Hon. CARTER HARRISON, Imperator of
the Cook County Marching Club, Jumped up on
the tripod at a Demooratio meeting in Indian-
apolis Wednesday night and told the future.
“Tam the seventh son of aseventh daughter,”
he said; and as one undivided forty-ninth he
predicted BrYAN'S election. Mr. HARRISON is
a gifted and beautiful young man with a beauti-
ful and gifted brown Fedora hat; and he
ought to be chairman of the Democratic Com-
mittee on Bluff

With the paramount Issue aboard, Mr. Bayan
will find some difficulty in trimming his boat.

 

Certain citizens of Oblo have waited upon
Horerri Jim JONES and assured him that, if
the Democratic National Committee would ea-
tablish “ branch headquarters"’ at Columbus,
Ohio would be Democratic, As Mr. Jones has
already carried all the States by interview and
bulletin, the appeal of the Ohieans must have
seemed superfluous to him,

 

At last the Hon. Davip Bennetr Hiv has
donned the philosopher's robe. He professes
his willingness to ‘wait until the clouds roll
by." He is prepared to be out in the cold and
the wet /or a good while. Considering his eag-
erness and his sacrifices the Great Neglected of
Wolfert’s Roost has reason to complain. He ts
painfully unparamount tn the New York De-

cation may now be judicially considered | mocracy at present.

sh wt Bly to nt Niet atsca
Del se he

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

 

 

 

a
a

  

THE CHINESE SITUATION.

The capture of Yang-tsun followed quickly
on the defeat of the Chinese at Pel-tsang on
Sunday, Evidently no opportunity was given
them to rally, but they were pushed at the point

AUGUST 10, 1900.

 

of the sword, and the following day the allies |

were in possession of Yang-tsun. They are
now In a position to decide whether the next
movement ou Pekin will be by the railway
line or the high road by way of Tung-chau
to the eastward of it, From the fact that the
American contingent had as many as sixty
casualties, there must have been some re-
sistance on the part of the Chinese at Yang-
tsun, but the details must soon come to hand.
Meantime the report that a Chinese force was
collecting south of Tientsin is revived.

As to the political situation, 1t seems to be
becoming more involved than ever, while the
reactionary faction is apparently {n absolute
control at Pekin. There appears no longer
any reason to doubt the truth of the report
that two of the progressive members of the
Tsung-li-Yamen have been decapitated for
their supposed pro-foreign tendencies, which
of itself makes it unlikely that appeals ad-
dressed to those who decreed It will find them
amenable to any form of reasoning except
that of force. Th» difficulty of the actual
situation might be solved were the various
egations in free intercommunication, and
at least one or two of the members of the
diplomatio corps in unrestricted correspond-
ence with their Governments. If the men in
control of affairs at Pekin were wise they
would see the advantage of conceding this
privilege. The trouble is that they trust no one,
and so are working their own undoing and
that of their country.

The rumors of discords among the Powers
which are at present acting together in China
have not been authoritatively contradicted
by any of their Governments, and they have
been only mildly deprecated in reputedly
semi-official organs, all which tends to make
them credible. Already there are many symp-
toms that the present concord among the
Powers will not survive much beyond the re-
lief of the legations. The British pretensions
to a species of exclusive hegemony of the
Yangtse Valley is viewed with increasing jeal-
ousy by more than one other of the European
Powers, and by none more than France, which
on account of the concessions for railways into
the provinces south of the Si-klang and into
Yunnan and Sze-chuen from the French Indo-
Chinese possessions, claima aright equally with
England to exercise a miltary surveillance over
the Yangtse River. The fact is that despite of
the protestations of certain of the European
Powers of their territorial disinterestedness,
partition is {n the air, unless some of the Powers
resolutely opposed to it can gain the confidence
of the Chinese and by supporting them morally
and materially during the negotiations that will
follow the relief of the legations or the war that
some foresee, enable them to preserve their
territorial integrity and relatively alarge meas-
ure of national and international political inde-
pendence,

 

 

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

The British force captured by Gen. Delarey
at Elands River was about three hundred
strong and composed of men of the Australian
Bushmen’s Corps and the Rhodeeian Horse.
The compulsory withdrawal of the force at
Rustenburg to Pretoria, instead of allowing it
to go to the rescue of Col. Hoare, reveals the
weakness of the British position and the dif-
culties surrounding the operations in the
Transvaal. Gen. Buller has at length started
north toward the Delagoa Bay railway line
from his railway base above Volksrust. He ts
taking the road by Amesfoort toward Ermeloo,
which should bring him somewhere on the left
of Gen. Botha’s position facing Gen. French in
the neighborhood of Machadodorp. The chief
interest now is in the fate of Gen. De Wet, who
by last accounts was already fighting with Gen.
Methuen north of the Vaal near Venterskroon,
with Gen. Kitchener crossing the Vaal with
cavalry and mounted infantry in his rear.

Yes, Behold!

To rar Eprton or THe Scn—Sir; Read
this hifalutin passage from Bryan's speech for-
mally accepting his nomination: S

Beholdarepublic resting securely upon the founda-
tion stones quarried by Revolutionary patriots from
the mountain of eternal truth, a republic applying tn
practice and proclaiming to the world the self-evident
proposition that all men are created equal; that they
are endowed with inalienable rights; that Govern-
ments are instituted among men to secure these rights,
and that Governments derive their Just powers from
the consent of the governed. Behold a republile tn
which civil and religious liberty stimulates all to
earnest endeavors and in which the law restrains
every hand uplifted for a neighbor's injury—a repub-
Nein which every citizen isa sovereign, but in which
no one cares to Wear a crown.

Read this and then look at what Bryan,
through his party, has done in North Carolina,
in Louisiana and in other Southern States!

New York, Aug. 9. W. F.G.

 

Steamboats on the Dead Sea.

From the Washington Evening Star.

“The Dead Sea, which for thousands of yeare
has been a forsaken solitude in the midst o

a desert, on whose waves no rudder has been
seen for centuries,” says United States Consul
Winter at Annaberg in a recent despatch to
the State Department, “is to have a line of
motor boats in the future. Owing to the con-
tinued increase in traffle and the influx of
tourists, a shorter route is to be found between
Jerusalem and Kerak, the anclent capital of
the land of Moab.

“The first little steamer, bullt at one of the
Rambure docks, is about 100 feet long, and has
already begun the voyage to Palestine. An
order has been already given for the building
of a second steamer. The one already, built
and on the way is named Prodromos (that fe,
‘forerunner’), and will carry thirty-four per-
sons, together with freight of all kinds, The
promoters of this new enterprise are the in-
miates of a Greek cloister in Jerusalem. The
management of the line is entirely in German
hands.

“The trade of Kerak with the desert {is to-day
of considerable importance. It is the main
town of any commercial standing east of the
Jordan and the Dead Sea. Ita population
consists of about 1,800 Christians and 6,000
Moslema. The merchants of Hebron are among
the chief frequenters of the markets of Kerak.”

 

The DiMficalt State Department Cipher.
From the Boston Evening Transcript.

Tt would probably astonish many good citizens who
have been reading the discussions of the genuineness
of the cipher despatch received abouta fortnight ago
from Pekin, purporting to have come from Minister
Conger, to know that so cleverand alert-minded a
man as Secretary Hay has never mastered the cipher
in use by the Department of State. On the other
hand, his son Adelbert, who succeeded the redoubtable
Macrum as Consul at Pretoria, can handle tt with
ease. Ambassador White, In Germany, uses the
cipher freely, as far as known Ambassador Choate,
in England, has never learned the art.

And so jt goes. Probably very few of our diplo
matic representatives can use the cipher themselves,
Asa rule, they have some minor functionary at each
legation who has mastered the code, but in at least
one case the cipher work ts all done by an outside
hireling who bas no direct connection with the Fed
eral servicer. This state of things does not neces
sarily aigue neglect or laziness on the partof the
Ambassadors and Ministers conesrned, or of the at
tachés of higherrank noris Itan inevitable fruit of
the frequent changes of personnel tn our foreign
service. Toalargeextent it Is merely a question of
peculiar mental adaptation differentiated in indi
viduals, and involves the same principle which is
{Mustrated fn one man's talent for acquiring a foreign
language in a month or the skill of another |n mathe
matical calculations almost without study

Sherlock Holmes, Jr.
From the Chicago Timea-IHeraid.

“My necktte is disarranged '' Sherlock Holmes, Jr.,
suddenly exclaimed

His companion looked at him and sald

“How do you know? You haven't felt of it and
there is no mirror here that you could have looked
into. Sometimes, Mr. Holmes, I am almost forced, tn
spite of your declarations that you do these wonder.
ful things by reasonable, human processes, to believe
that you must be gifted with second sight. Now,
what has convinced you that your necktie is disar-
ranged?”

“T noticed aman look at my tle Just now and then
feel of his own,” the great detective answered.

“Wonderful! Wonderful! Only your tle ts all
sight.”

rr SS

 

THE NEW NULLIFICATION,

Sedator Chandler on Disfranchisement at the
South Ite Consequences.

To THE Eprron or Tor SUN—Sir: North
Carolina election certainly suggesta the reason-
able inquiry whether there exists in the pending
Presidential and Congress canvass what may
be called the Southern or negro question in
American politics, revived not willingly by the
North but deliberately and defiantly by the
Southern Democrats. The facts are that in
North Carolina, with a Constitutional amend-
ment under submission to a popular vote, the
Democrats have resorted to mob violence,
Red-Shirt terrorism, and have thereby broken
up Republican and Populist meetings, sup-
pressed free speech, intimidated voters, and by
these means have presumably and in fact ob-
tained a majority for the amendment which
could not otherwise have been secured. In
other words, by violence forbidden by funda-
mental American principles they have changed
the result of a popular election in a great State
of this Union; and it is to be presumed that they
will repeat their work in the November election;
that is, the State of North Carolina which
would freely choose McKinley Presidential
Electors, a Republican United States Senator
and several Kepublican Congressmen, will be
made solidly Democratic, Mr. McKinley's
election possibly endangered and the House
of Representatives possibly made Democratio
instead of Republican—all by unconstitutional
violence in one State of the Union Ie the
North to submit to such a condition of affairs?
Who is reopening the Southern question? What
{s Northern duty?

In 1804 the national election laws were re-
pealed by a Democratio Congress. The minor-
ity of the Senate Committee on Privileges and
Elections, Senators Hoar, Mitchell, Higgins
and myself, deemed the occasion a proper one
for discussing and attempting to justify the
reconstruction measures of 1867 and the pass-
age and maintenance of national election
laws. Our full and carefully drawn
report is No. 113 of the Fifty-third Congress,
Second Session, dated Jan. 11, 1804 On the
first page there is allusion to the attempt made
in 1890 to atrengthen the election laws by what
was known as the Lodge bill—a force bill, op-
probriously so called—-which had passed the
House and failed to pass the Senate. Our
report says in Mr. Hoar’s language:

It {a not likely that this particular measure will ever
be revived. The control of national legislation in
this country will be for some time beyond the reach of
the Republican party, and we believe that it isthe
desire of & majority of the people that the experiment
sbould be fully tried whether existing laws and an
improving publio sentiment will not cure the evils com-
plained of; so that itis not probable that any legta-
lation having the same object will be proposed again
for many years to come, or that It will ever be pro-
posed unless experience shall satisfy the people of
the country, without political or sectional dtvision
and with substantial unanimity, that the existing
instrumentalities for securing fair elections have
falled.

By the sentiment thus expressed Northern
Senators and Representatives have generally
been governed since 1894; although we did not
prevail upon our Democratio associates not to
repeal the election laws then existing. They
were inexorably wiped off the statute book.
Nevertheless we practically abandoned the
issue of the enforcement by national power of
the Fifteenth Amendment. No word in Con-
gress uttered by Mr. Hoar or myself during the
six years has been calculated to arouse sectional
controversy. We have been sometimes re-
proached by Southern Republicans and colored
citizens for our forbearance; but we have re-
frained, wisely as we have thought; and the
country has patiently tried the experiment
whether an improving public sentiment would
not cure the evils complained of.

But now so It is that the Southern Democrats,
not satisfied with Northern silence concerning
the horrible lynchinga of black men in recent
years, and Northern acquiescence in the sup-
pression in fact although not in form of the
right of the colored people to the suffrage under
the Fifteenth Amendment, are proceeding to
nullify that amendment in form as well as in
fact by inserting new clauses fn their State
Constitutions taking the ballot from the black
man-—and furthermore, not belng able to adopt
such clauses through fair elections, they are
carrying their adoption by mob violence,
by destroying free speech and by the intimida-
tlon of legal voters, Must the North take no
action {n view of this new Southern nullifica-
tion?

An important consideration {!s that even if
we are willing to submit to such nullification
we cannot satisfy our conservatism or our
cowardice, whichever it may be, by merely
taking no notice of the evils complained of.
We must take an active part in the nullification
by enacting the next law apportioning Repre-
sentatives in Congress in the form of approval
of the nullification.

There are now forty Representatives {n Con-
@ress and forty Flectoral votes based upon the
colored population. If against these loaded
Southern dice we not only elect McKinley,
as we shall do, but also elect a Republican
House of Representatives, which against such
odds we may not do; we must pass an appor-
tionment bill based upon the new census of
1900. Indeed, it is the duty of the present Con-
gress, Republican in both branches, to pass
such a bill in the coming winter. What shall
we do as to Representatives to be based upon
the colored population, when the colored males
are not allowed to vote, are disfranchised not
only in fact but by open, public, nullifying
clauses in State Constitutions?

The colored population of the Union will
be not far from 10,000,000. If we advance the
number necessary for each Representative
from 170,000 to 200,000, there will be fifty Repre-
sentatives based upon the black eltizens. Shall
we deliberately, by new and express law of
Congress, assign to the South these fifty Repre-
sentatives and also fifty Presidential Flectora,
and keep on trving to win national elections
against a solid South armed with these fifty
Representatives and Electors allotted to the
newly subjugated race’

Reluctant as T am to reopen old sores and
to revive sectional issues, I am unable to see
how the North can avold taking notice of the
new nullification now openly in power in Louls-
jana and North Carolina. We may perhaps
fanore the actual suppression of colored auf-
frage in Mississippi and South Carolina and
some other States. (an we ignore ita formal
suppression by State Constitutions in T ouisiana
and North Carolina and other States to follow,
and sign and seal an acknowledgment of our
perfidy and degradation by passing laws reeog-
nizing and approving those State Constitutions?

We must do something. It is diMieult to see
what we ought to do. Much ts said in favor
of reducing the representation in Congress
under the Fourteenth Amendment. That we
can do where the voters in a State are reduced
in number by a cause applicable to whites and
blacks alike. But where the reduction is not
at all of white votes but is of black votes only
the Fourteenth Amendment does not apply
The Fifteenth Amendment forbids that kind
of a reduction, It says color diserimir ations
shall not exist and Concress is authorized to
enforce the prohibition. Tt cannot acquiesce
in the crime and seek for a partial compensation
by reducing representation under the Four-
teenth Amendment, which is obsolete in sueh

ease

The Mississippi amendment is not so objec.
tionable on its face asthose of Louisiana and
North Carolina, Tt requires of every voter that
he shall be able to give a reasonable interpre-
tation of any clause in the State Constitution
which may be readto him. The wrong in this
case is that the election officers decide what is a
reasonable interpretation and they reject tie
black man’s opinion and accept the white’s,
The law is enforced with a wicked eye and an
evil hand; but it is dificult to prove this, and
how national law can reach the Mississippi
suppression of the black vote it has not been
easy to see; so national power has not been
invoked, The case in South Carolina ts similar.

But in TLoulsiana and North Carolina the
Democratic nullifers have become bolder.
They preacribe Intelligence, that is, the ability
to read and write, as a qualification for voting,

een
——-_-————————————— eee SS SS SSS
eee

    

whites voted, and to their descendants. The
violation of the Fifteenth Amendment is open,
bold, palpable. It says exactly in effect: Males
above twenty-one who cannot read and write
and are black shall not vote; whites who
cannot read and write may vote. Every up-
right court and every honest lawyer will hold
that such a clause in a State Constitution ts
unconstitutional and absolutely void.

Here is exposed the grievous and intolerable
wrong. What shall be done about it? If we
seek by authority of the Fourteenth Amend-
ment to ascertain the extent to which in any
States the votes are reduced by the reading
and writing qualification, in order that wo
may correspondingly reduce the number of
Representatives in Congress, we at once find
that the reduction of the votes at the South
is wholly and purposely one of black votes in
defiance of the Fifteenth Amendment. Shall
we condone and ratify this great crime by
reducing representation under the Fourteenth
Amendment? We have no right thus to aban-
don the Fifteenth Amendment and become a
party to its nullification. We are confronted
by an imperative duty, the enforcement of the
Fifteenth Amendment by act of Congress.
Shall we perform the duty or shall we shrink
from it like cowards? If we do, retribution
will some time reach both sections alike.

But many Republicans say that the effectual
enforcement of the Fifteenth Amendment
cannot be accomplished and that it {s of no use
to make the effort to bring all the negroes safely
to the polls—to secure afree ballot and an
honest count for black men. These Republi-
cans say they will not try to do the impossible
thing. Yet it is impossible thus to refrain
and also forever to make political contests
with the solid South and its fifty extra Repre-
sentatives and Electors based upon the colored
people. What then will these Republicans do?

The South has not brought forward a new
amendment to the United States Constitution
taking away colored suffrage and providing
for a reduction of representation, in other
words, the lawful repeal of the Fifteenth Amend-
ment, thus making the Fourteenth Ameng@ment
applicable. Shall the North entreat the South
to do this? There are two difficulties in the
way of this plan:

1. The meritorious objection is that we
shall be reducing ten millions of colored citizens
from a state of political equality to the con-
dition of a subject race Is this wise? Do
revolutions ever go backward fn this manner?
Would not the black outcries for Northern
protection against the inevitable oppressions
to follow national abandonment of the Fifteenth
Amendment embroil the country more than
any reasonable attempt to enforce the Fifteenth
Amendment?

2 The South will not consent, although
her Democrats by fundamental] law suppress
the colored vote, to give up the representation
based upon the colored population I asked
Senator Money when he avowed the purpose
of suppreasing the colored votes, why he did
not offer to consent to a corresponding reduo-
tion of representation. He had no real answer
to give. The South will not agree to such a
change and without the votes of the Southern
States we cannot amend the Constitution.

The problem I have stated in this letter I
cannot solve, even satisfactorily to myself.
The country is in a cul-de-sac and cannot directly
get out, or turn about. I have no longer any
personal bitterness in connection with this
question. The war for secession and slavery
is a third of a century behind us, and its events
should be historic merely. Present difficulties
concerning the colored race should be dealt
with by both sections with candor, fairness
and mutual forbearance. But what can we
all agree to do?

Curiously enough the tactics of politics in
1900 are exactly what they were forty-four
years ago, in the Fremont canvass of 1856,
when I first began to study them. The prob-
lem is: Can the nearly solid North elect a Presi-
dent and a majority in Congress against the
solid South and in addition a few Northern
States upon which the Democrats will turn all
their weapons? And the case is worse now
than then; for then there were Representa-
tives and Electors based upon only three-fifths
of the colored people; now there are forty,
soon to be fifty, based upon the whole five-
fifths—increased Southern political power given
because the South entered into unsuccessful
rebellion!

The present duty of Republicans {s to elect
McKinley and Roosevelt by enormous popular
majorities in the Northern, Middle and Western
States and by a sufficient majority in the Elec-
toral Colleges; and also to carry the House
Republican, !f we can, against the forty extra
Southern Representatives based upon the
colored population, whom we cannot hope to
elect because the colored votes are not free and
are of no force and effect at the South, but are
suppressed by fraud and violence in dis-
obedience of the noble charter of freedom and
protection to the suffrage given to the race
as the final outcome of the great Civil War.

Among all the other questions which are
agitating the people in the pending canvass,
thoughtful and patriotic men, {n the North
and South alike, may wisely give some reflection
to the questions suggested by the recent North
Carolina election, where the result has been
falsified and changed by mob violence and
where freedom of speech has been so far sup-
pressed that a United States Senator supporting
Bryan for President is threatened with death
{f he continues to speak against the nullification
of the Fifteenth Amendment of the United
States Constitution. When is such sectionalism
to end? Wit.LtaM E, CHANDLER.

Concorp, N. H,, Aug. 8.

A Pathetic Inquiry,

TO THF EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: Could you
give some advice as to how to proceed for reliefin the
following case; Afrlendofmine has a young wife
who ts the mother of four of as lovely children as can
be found anywhere. The wife ts fast becoming
an inebriate of the worst kind.

month or two, so that he can bring some moral in
fluence to bear in an effort to save her, but is told by
lawyers that there is no way she can be restrained
except by her own consent, which she wont give, and
he says “I have to stand quietly by and see the
mother of my children become a hopeless drunkard
and am powerless to prevent it.’’ Surely, therets some
Can you tell what It 1s and where
INQUIRER.

relief for this man.
to look for tt.
New York, Aug. 9.

Uncle Sam Accused of Misdemeanor,

To THR Eorror or THR SUN~Sir: The Hon,
Col. Mike Murphy's attention, as well as the atten-
tlon of his sanitary Inspectors, Is respectfully called
to the fact thatthe United States Government is per
sistently violating the Health Board's ordinance, pro
hibiting the making of soft coal sont and smoke, at
{ts public stores, corner of Christopher street and
Ninth avenue. Uncle Sam bas been violating this
ordinance now for pretty nearly one year.

HOBOKEN, Aug. 9

R

 

Began With Douglas, but Quits at Bryan,
From the St. Louis Globe Democrat.

Judge A. S. Wilderman of St. Clalr county ts one
of the best known lawyers of the southern part of
Iitnois. He commenced voting the Democratic ticket
for Stephen A. Douglasin 1460. He has been upon
the circult bench In the years gone be was reeng
nized as among the ablest of the exceptionally strong
coterie of Democrats in this Congressional distriet,
Of his present antagonism to the Democratle platform
and the Temoeratic candidate for the Prestdency
Judge Wilderman makes no concealment And he
gives reasons for his position which will strike home
to the minds of thousands of honest Democrats who
hare lost faith in the party leaders as he has

‘With regard to this ery of Impertaiism,”” Judge
Wilderman says, ‘‘the utter fallacy of that Demoeratle
position ts at oncé exposed when you consider that as
A consequence of the war with Spain the United States
has lifted the shackles of imperialism from perhaps
In [403 this country started ona
That was sound Democratle

15,000,000 people
career of expansion
doctrine then Tomy mind it ls as sound now. We
have under Demorratic p lley obtaloed the whole of
the Loulsiana purchase, the whole of Florida, the
whole of (hat vast empire, you may call i& which was
acquired from Meaico We afterward settled ihe
boundaries with Great Britain by which we gained
other great additions to our territory. Ihave belleved
those steps were rightly taken. I believe so now.”’

‘

My friend has tried
everything to reclaim her, but without avail. He D
now wants to have her confined somewhere for a ae YORK, Aug. 4.

   

THE WOMAN AND THE STREET Car.

Philosophers, Misogyaiste and Women Tackle
ths Great Question.

To Tam Epiron oF THE SUN--Sir:
day's iasue of your newspaper and In its editor)
eotumna, I notice a citation from the Hartford Dai,
Courant, attempting to explain by @ woman's |»
stinctive regard for appearances the fact that are
usually descends backward from a street car.

Your evident scepticism of this explanation an4
desire for further opinions upon the subject promps
me to suggest the following possible explanation of
this well-known peculiarity of the gentler sex.

From tofancy even until old age, a man's tastes, if
fot his vocation, prompt him tothe use and deve}:
ment of his muscular system and incidentally to the
taining of the eye in gauging distances, and to ay

intuitive understanding of his physical capacities by
the last is meant what strain his muscles may. wiia
safety, undergo, and what shock his bones ma)
éafely withstand). In other words my explanation is
a purely physical one.

Any man will concede, if he isabout to descend ao

 

In to

istance of say four or five feet, the offtake being
loubtful, the landing conjectural and he having the
means of taking a firm @rip with his hands, tha
instead of Jumping forward, where his look before hig
leap would have left him doubtful of the consequences,
he will lower himself backward with some care,
Now, considering 4 woman's physical inexperience,

the fact thatshe is hampered by cumbersome and
pereee garments which render the offtake doubt

ul, her natural physical weakness (which she knows
exists, the extent of which she does not) and the hard-
ness of the pavement which make her landing con
Jectural, also the fact that two feet fromthe step of a
street car, the popular open one, to the street pro-
portionately equi valent io four feet, we will say. for a
man, what then is the natural conciusion ? That she,
according to her aforesaid lights, should invartabiy
descend backward.

It strikes me that it is hardly fair that “instineti
conservatism of appearances’ should always be run
ip as the first explanation of a woman's many unex-
pratned differences from the sterner ae. Thogven

nows, fan't it bad enough that {t ma: ve

ved thatsome, but by no means all of her

ve been convicted of being controlled uw this 3
ofa Son At Biattease (Mag yas

§ in a
indeed ble, by seeing that tt iN not contin the
eex wi ¢ another hearing, and that

the Horjora Dalle rane

not been prejudiced b
‘NEw YORK, Aug.

To THE EprroR oF THB SUN—Sér: My wife
says it's on account of her skirts. In stepping out on
the running board, as tf to alight correctly, and thes
reversing her position and facing the rear of the car,

she gets her skirts free; whereas, if she ot on
without turning, her akirts might catch on aoe
ction on the car and tear thin:

s
I think (but don't sa; yabat th do 8

who been sittin back of them. Heer are
oe of strength of mind notto turn

has been siging up their mee
locks,
NEw LONDON, Conn, Aug. 5.

To THs Eprron oF Tus Sun—Sé: 1 hasten
to answer, for, being a woman, I get off the car that
way, and I know why.

It {e an invariable rule, I think, for cara to stop at
the farthest croasing. Generally this means that the
body of the car is a long way from the pavement a@
jacent to the street corner—elther corner. Suppose a
woman is sitting in the front or middle of the car, as
she is sure to be If she respects the smokers’ rights to
the last three seats Suppose, also, that she deatres
to go down the side street at which she stopped the
car, ot wishes to enter a shop near that corner. The
chances are ten to one—nay, even sixteen to one—that
she is along way beyond her destination It is human
nature to wish to look at the place to which one ts
about to 0; therefore, when the woman gets off the
car she turns backward instinctively in order to judge
how far ahe has been carried by the car beyond
her destination.

Again, another share of this turning backward
business is afforded {n muddy weather by the fact

thata woman wants to get as soon as possibie off the
muddy pavement and on to the crossing. Ae the car
invariably goes beyond the crossing she natural)

around and
hair for
ANTA RUBBA.

 

turns backward so that her eye may ald her in avot
ing the mud as much as possible. [f she alighted
with her face toward the front of the car she would be
forced to remain longer in the mud than otherwise--
and what's danger of a fallto certainty of getting
one’s skirts muddy?

A man ts not actuated by any of these motives
Men do not wear long skirts, and men almost {n-
verlaby alight from cars before Foncning the oor-
ner, if they are going down the side street; thus when
@ man alights and runs 4 few steps with the car he ts
really going In the direction he desires to go, whereas
woman, compelled by attire and public sentiment, as
well as by natural timidity. to walt until the car stops,
turns backward in order to save herself from extra
walking, or at least from feeling that she must také
extra Pe.

A third reason {s found In the fact that ff a woman
elights on the right hand side of a car, vebicles on
the street are liable to be coming in the same direction
as the car on the same side of the street. ~The woman
turns back to avold being run over.

T trust the character of this explanation may excuse
its prolixity—some people say that when we women
get off even a remark we do {it backward.

NEW YORK Aug. 9 EpDITH MINIT®R

 

To THE EDITOR OF THE SU» Sir: A car fa
compelled by law to stop just beyond a crossing. If
by any misfortune a woman should forget herself eo
much as to alight from a car with her face tumed
toward the front, she would have to execute an extra
step or two in order to bring her to the street crossing
after she has left the car. his, she no doubt argues,
can be avolded by simply facing the eroseing before
alighiing. Again, a woman almost Invariably uses
her left hand in raising her skirt. In so doing she ta
compelled tn allghting to seek support with her right
hand, which forces her to get off the car “facing
backward.” i868

NEW YORK, Aug. 8.

To THE EDITOR OF THRE SuN—Sir: The
question with which THE SUN winds up {ts editorial
“How Women Leave Street Cars” 19 80 easily snewered
that | am surprised 1¢ should occasion any dispute

The reason that a woman gets off@ car the wrong
way, is that it (s the wrong way. KH, Kay.
New YORK, Aug. 9.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: The ques
tlon was presented to me some time since very
vividly while going home one night. I observed
that almost tovariably they had something In the left
hand, thus leaving the right free, and consequently
using It to grasp the car handle, thus alighting with
the back toward the front of the car.

Since that time I have watched them while walking,
and I notice thatan exceedingly large percentage of
them carry parcels, &c,, even handkerchiefs or purses,
in the left hand, the right being either free or holding
the skirts In carrying bables, 1¢ seems that they
divide about equally, some carrying them on the
left and others on the right, with possibly a greater
number on the left, This seems to accountfor get
ting off the wrong way. The further reason why the
rig lit hand ts left free seems to me to be that there isa
desire to have the hand whose action is more delicate
and accurate ready for any emergency that may
occur

It may be noticed in passing, that a large number
of men carry parcels, &c,, in the left hand, but on
alighting from cars without excepiion that I have
noticed, they shift them to the ASS thus, possibly,
showing thelr superfor adaptability to environment,
as compared with women

Might I also occupy a few lines in defence of
women? They are often blamed for crowding Into the
only seatof acar [refer to open ones) in which there
are already three, four or five. while the mantis
credited with the superiority of forethoughtin always
choosing the one which has fewestoccupants. The
explanation ts simple. A woman, unless she would
incur ths Jeers and grumbling of all those on board
the car, must bustle aboard, losing as little time as
possible while aman mounts the side platform and
waiks leisurely upand down,choosing the seat he likes
JAMES HALSTED.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN -Sir: The question
is easily answered. Most women are not left-handed.

The left arm ts often occupied by a babe, or a parcel,
that the right may be freely used. A WoMAN.
NEw YORK, Aug, 2

To THR Eprror oF THe Stw—Sir: As a
woman | might retaliate and ask why a man always
waits until the car starts before getting on?

For ages woman has been asking men for what she

needed. She has had toask early and often, she fas
aeidom been sure of having her request granted--even
{if promised until the needful was actually tn her
hand. and it has usually reached her much later than
{tshould have done

So with the street car conductor, She asks him early
and often tolet her off at an indicated int, and so
many times has she heen carried past tt In spite of
every effort that she invariably looks back after itin
leaving (hecar, Aman always gets off exactly op
posite or some distance before his goal, so he nate
rally looks ahead in Mighting BEATRICE

NPWARK, AUg

O SUN, where ts your knighthood flowert
Whereis the courtesy

Of Knights to womanhood—that you
Should make such tnquiry?

She tsa fair infallible,
A ficeting fantasy,

A gleam of sunshine come and gona,
A sweet uncertainty

She ts a dear Intang!te,
Such as a Creamer sees;

She tsa dream, and don't you know,
Dreams go by contraries*

Which is why
She
gets
of
the
car
wrong
end
foremost -
(iod bless ner!

W. J. We

Unaccountable Omission.

From the Chicago Tribune.
“What are you looking so glumabout, Borus? The
reviewers all praised your last hook, didn't they?
“Yes, but not one of them sald it was stag @ ia
! tense human iotereat.'"’