GOSSIP OF  STAGELAND,

NeW VARIATIONS OF OLD

ates VAUDEVILLE SPECIALTIZS.

 

lodrama of Bad Men at the Third Avenue

hast Poetical Play About Herod the

-& New
Great by Stephen Phlllipe—Preparations
Made for the Approaching Show Season,

Vaudeville performers are ever striving
for something new, oF rather some novel way
to present thelr old specialty. Eleanor Falk,
who is on the Victoria roof, has a slight varia-
tion of the usual way of having an assistant
singer in the audience, Before sho appears,
ten girls, called the lily chorus, sing and dance
on the centre platform, They are young and
and afe tastefully dressed, Miss Falk

pretty,
and later alone. Her last

sings with them,
ditty 1s a new and conventional negro rag-
time song with the refrain: “I ain't a goin’
to weep no more,” which is fast becoming
Miss Falk is a pleasant singer and

popular
and brings out the meaning

4vacious daucer,
ne ee better than many do in her line
of work, When she reaches the second chorns
a man at one of the tables stands up and sings,
iio is even more unctuous that Miss Falk,
While he {s singing the ten girls come out
among the audience, doing a graceful cake-
walk, and finally go up on the stage, where
they continue the fascinating movement.
Miss Falk beckons to the man at the table and
he Juraps over the rail and on to the platform,
where he and Miss Falk lead the cakewalk
{ pretty girls, Tt 1s a ively and attractive

variation of the old idea, Cakewalks are

ne oddly by others in the Victoria Roof

d
Bartho, the premier dancer, does

Garden.
one on the tips of her toes, allying the old bal-
let methods with the new negro step, Two
of the Halloway trio of wire-walkers cakewalk
on a tight wire in a manner that is curious
rather than graceful, One of a team of
singers and musicians, at least they say they
are, who is appearing this week at Tony Pas
tor’a, plays what he calls “The Rubberneck’s
Srenade.” He plays on a keyboard that
looks somewhat like that of # typewriter, but
whieh is connected with electric bells all over
tie house, These are tuned variously, 60
that he playa a melody on them. The oddity
of bells on the ceiling, in the boxes, on front
of the balcony rail and such places, of course,
rakes people turn around to look for them,
‘Taen the performer calls out “Rubberneck.
Jaut tar the idea is funny; but he carries it
beyond humor in making personal remark:
«out the audience, such us are not permittec
in first-class theatres, Somewhat the samo
idaw is used by Mat Wills, the exceptionally
clever monologist on the New York roof,
Jie starts to tell a story about Chief Devery,
bit stops, and looking toward the buck of the
widitorium says, “Why, hello,Chief, I didn’t
know vou Were there,” Naturally many people
look back, and he disconcerts them somewhat
by ealling “Rubber'” One of Mr, Wills’s new
jokes is so indecent that the full meaning es-
capes many people, Who are totally unprepared
for such a boldfaced remark in a reputable
resort, That itia very clever cannot be accept
en: an excuse, The Casino has again resorted
to indecency tn its valn endeavor to compete
with the roof gardens where entertaining and
respectable shows are given, Milo, Alma
etves an exhibition that is nasty and is neither
beautiful nor graceful, nor in any way pleasing
or diverting. Little notes in the programme
wivise the audience to walt and see the
woman in “Poses Plastiquea,” She wears
eshlings from neck to feet and stands in the
glare of varied-colored lights,

Stephen Phillins whose poetical tragedy of
*Paola and Francesca,” recently caused some
tulk among artistic people in London, has
written a new drama of somewhat the same
sort. It will be produced in London by Her-
bert Beerbohim Tree and here by Richard Mans-
tield, and some discussion has arisen as to
which actor he wrote it for. The point is of
little interest, The play's present name, “The
King of the Jews,” will probably not and surely
should not be retained, It treats of Nerod
the Great, who has tigured in some old English
dramas. In Shakespeare's time Lady Eliza-
beth Carew wrote one about him and it was
produced, Nine years later and after Shakes-
peare’s death, some of the master poet's old
company act.d “Herod and Antipater” at th
Ked Bull, Jt was by Gervais Markham an
William Samson, and Was Not a very go
piece, In fact first play about Herod to
»* really successful was “Herod and Mari-
amme,” by Saniuel Pordage, It was first acted
at the Duke's Theatre, London, 1674, About
the same time the Earl of Orrery, a boon com-
panion of King Charles Il, wrote a play on
the subject, but considered it below his dignity
to let the comedians act it. In 1723 “Mari-
amme,” jn which Herod figured prominently,
was produced at Lincoln's Inn Fields, and its
Success was 80 great that it restored the theatre
to popularity which it had lost to Drury Lane,
The drama was by Eliiah Fenton who received
£1,900 for it. He had at first been dis.
couraged in it, because Colley Cibber had re-
fused to praduce it at Drury Lane,

 

The cheaper theatres do not have to wait for
fashion to return to town to open their doors,
and this early activity has started at two of
them. The Star is scheduled to reopen to-
morrow night with “Quo Vadis,” and the Third
Avenue {s already in use. The play produced
there is called “The Tide of Life,” and Edward
Weltzal has the courage to confess to its author-
rhip. He is evidently not a disciple of the
realistic school, nor yet may his melodrama
be ealled poetic. It is surely lurid. The array
«f villains suggests the opening of the reason,
us the stock Is large and complete, and has not
been picked over, There are all sorts of vil-
lalns, from the grimy, wicked-eyed kind to the
polished, drese-suit seoundrel. And they are
all bad, bad, bad. The first seene is on tha
New York river front, Just where is not sug-
gested, but it should be found and reformed
by the police. Innocent passersby are knocked
down and robbed, and their belongings taken
to @ pirates’ craft, which is at anchor in the
Fast River. The captain of the pirate crew,
(which , by the way, is something of a novelty
In New York of 1909) is a grimy looking per-
fon, who should apply his thieving ability to
taking a hath, His long sult in villainy is ab-
dueting. but he lives to regret his freedom {n

 

taking human hooty, for it-causes him no end
ef trouble. Through his scheming he has got-
ten arich old Judge to adopt a young woman
that he had stolen in her youth, His plot is
i wet the Judge to make a will in
‘vor of the girl, and then” kill him,
marry the girl and appropriate the money.
Fis ts assisted in his deepedyed scheme by a
tyndicate of thieves, But matched ngafnat
eich villain isa hero or heroine, One is a

good river captain who loves the girl with the
money willed to her, and finally wins her, More
to the Ilking of the audience is a stolen daughter
of the pirate chief. She is the delight of the
Spectators when she snaps out airy

leasantries
to the villians throughout the ice but her
yee time comes at the finals, when she is always
hl ind holding a revelver to the head of some
thie nparted scoundrel, The most villainous
hiding one eutthroats do ts when they are

wding near the country house of the rich Judge
; Mis ig for him to fall asleep that they — will
In disturb him greatly when they iell him.
i orcer to pass the time merrily one augments
a they slog a few ragetime songs, which they
Me ® Caltowalls fin sh as they go to murder,
es, ponsi dere j i
thing they sore |, it is the moet villainuus

Sam Bernard will not be in “A Million Dol-
lars, but in the new Casino show that is due
early in September, He had agreed to appear
in the New York Theatre's sStummer extrava-
®anza and the Casino's fall one, but the former
Was postponed until both will be produced about
the same time. Mr, Bernard will keep faith
With Mr. Lederer and not break any agree
Ment with the Sires, because the change of time
Is thelr fault. The Casino plece, which is as
Yet Unaniounced, is by Harry B. Smith, with
inusie by Ludwig Englander, Sam Bernard
and his brother, Dick, will be German Dromtoe
Others tn the cast will be Virginia Earle, Anna
Laughlin, Irene Bentley, Idaline Cotton, Nich-
olas Long, DJ, Don and Paul Nicholson,

The new burlesques for Weber & Fields’s
are “Fiddle-dee-dee” and “Quo Vas Iss?” ‘The
former the nsnal first part, which will be
retained for some time, and may be given an-
other name if a betwr one is thought of. “Quo
Vas Iss?" is of course a travesty on “Quo Vadis,”
and may last only until some play of the new
“ason makes a success enough to be worthy
of comic maltreatment.

Edna May is to head a musical comedy com-

— under the management of Charles Froh-
wan.

M.S
Morton

Sie will appear fn an unnamed plece by
Mel llan, Who under the name of Huh
rete wrote some of our best American lib-
Fettos tn the old Casino days, Gustave Kerker
x jualin his tusical partner,
tr oe rk er will hear at Koster A Bial's
ih ovember, ‘nd the new management has
BY one ured Iivzie 5. Raymond, who returned
Aan gurepe the other day. Helene Mora, the
fm can contrali, who has been singing in
she (ok may also appear at Koster & Bial’s,
e ve come to this country in Sep tem-
>» and will bring with her a dress that

    

 

  

> Be
oe ia
prod
Richard
{
|

  
 
 

  
 
 

hee
OC!
races

$1,000 for at the Faris Expost-
weer it on the vaudeville staae.

epverday, to postpone the

of jarbor” at the Repu

he theatre is not fluished.

i" ore, the change of date ls nec y.
t © green and gold dome over the auditortu
about completed, and it is one of the hand:

nas {in an American pray house,

iaswell, Maud Durbin

will share the principal ries

with ie anor when_he

l Vallack’s, Sept. 3. The

uction will be scenically fine, as will the

The orchestra is to be over the stage as it us
at
one that Charles Frohman 18 preparing for

says
“at

y
“Sag blic
and,

someat ce’

. Trace ae laewe
and George Nash will”
of “Prince Otto”
shows that play

c Carvel.” Frank Lossee is a recent
= ement for that drama. Maria Davis,

nglish actress, will be new to us in a prom-

inent part te anaes

rge Bern Shaw is said to be rewrit
the last act of “The Devil's Disciple.” ws
« i for that part of the play was foreign

and inferior to the rest, It waa inexpert
rama, after two acts of clever sat :

ical cogeeds,
Forbes Robertson Eng ind. id

to use it in Englan

also “Othello” and “Hamlet,” _

 

STONY POINT TO BE WELL MARKED.

 

Sign to Be Erected on the Battlefield Big
Enough for River Travellers to See.

The Society for the Preservation of Scento
and Historic Places and Objects, to which has
been committed the custody of the State reser-
vation at Stony Point, is about to erect on the
Point a signboard, 15 feet high and 30 feet long,
inscribed;

 

STATE OF NEW YORK.
STONY POIAT BATTLEFIELD.

rececceesceee:

IN THE CUSTODY OF THE SOCIETY FOR
THE PRESERVATION OF SCENIO
AND HISTORIC PLACES

AND OBJECTS,

o + Pecos cceccee

Sholeraeresndecsacsvencsetesvesess satanic

The extrema end of the promontory of Stony
Point is under the jurisdiction of the United

Siates Lighthouse Board, which has just

granted the society permission to erect the
sign on the United States property, from whioh
it can be seen a longer distance down the river,
This is the first historic signboird to be erected
along the Hudson, and it has been represented
to the society that the similar marking of other
notable spots would greatly assist travellers to
recognize places identified with the annals of
16 State,
Through the courtesy of the War Department
and with the codperation of Col. A. L. Mills,
superintendent of the West Point Military
Academy, a topogra vhioal survey of the battle-
fleld of Stony Point has Just been made for the
society by First Lieut. James P, Jervey, Corps
of Engineers. When completed it will form the
asis for plans for the improvement of the
reservation. The society hopes to relocate the
old fortifications with the aid of British maps
still extant, and intends to indicate the various
historic features of the fleld with small markers,

REORGANIZERS BUY IN HARPERS.

Realty, Printing Plant and Business Sold for
$1,100,000 Yesterday.

The realty, printing plant and right to con-
tinue the business of Harper & Brothers were
sold yesterday from the stand of Bryan L.
Kennelly & Co. at the Real Fstate Salesroom
in foreclosure procesdings instituted by the
Morton Trust Company. The offering was
bid in at $1,100,000 by Alexander IF. Orr, ebair-
man of the Keorgan!zation Committee which is
straightening out the affairs of the publish-

ing house. Mr. Urr’s bid, made through coun-

sel, was the only one offered.

‘The real estate comprises $25 to 837 Pearl
through to $2 to © Cliff street
In addition to the

street, extendin
nd 7¥ to 83 CLIT street.
and and buildings the sale included the pub-
lishing plant, with all right, title and interest
to the printing presses, machinery, &€c., and
the right to publish the periodicals Harper's
Magazine, Harper's Weelly, Harper's Razor
and //urper's Round Tobic, and the right to
the use of the name “Harper & Brothers’
{in any business which maay be carried on by
the purchasers,

The amount of the judgment against the
firm was 83,166,200 the difference between
this sum and the sum of $1,190,000 which waa
bid being represented by liens on personal
roperty, unsold stock, &c. This portion of
he property is stillin the hands of the receiver,
Col. Harvey, and will be sold at public auction
the claims against the Harpers,
Te.

Jater. All
it was said, have been turned in to the

ganivation Committee except about $13,000.

 

SHOCKED BY THE QUARTET'’S GOWNS.

Epworth Assembly Also Objects to the Young
Ladies’ Songe—Lecturer Causes a Dispute,

Lirncoty, Neb, Aug. 0.—The Introduction
of a resolution criticising one of the lecturers
created a small row at the last day of the Ep-
worth Assembly Conference here to-day. W.
A. Brubaker of Peoria, Il], has been in charge
of the temperance congress work throughout
the assembly, and has constantly stated that
the party in power was responsible for the
pquer, traffic in this country, He has called
*regident McKinley a coward for his action on

the Army Canteen law. Such remarks have
met with the disapproval of many of the Ep-
worth Leaguers, and to-day 4 resolution was

Mr. Brubaker for such
nos,

introduced scoring
statements.

But another faction of these in atten
the class from the country districts, had been
equally scandalized by the appearance of the
Ladies’ Arion Quartet of Chicago in décolletté
gowns at the evening concerts. They also
considered that the sanctity of the tabernacle
had been violated by the music sung by the
quartet, which was of a frivolous nature,

Thia faction declared that if Mr. Brubaker
was to be criticised for being brave enough to
@tate his opinions, the young ladies should be
scored for their dress and their music. The
discussion waxed very warm, and many harsh
words were exchanged among the deacons.
One man said that no honest man should let the
halo surrounding a high publle office blind him
to the errors and faults of the incumbent, while
another said that {t was unchristian-iike for
Mr. Brubaker to call McKinley names.

The original resolution was laid on the table
by aslight majority

SHE'S WEARY OF ILL LUCK.

 

Young Mrs. Jacobs Took Polson and Bit the
Hand of the Doctor Who Tried to Save Her,

Mrs. Marion Jacobs, 17 years old, af 221 East
102d street, took a probably fatal dose of paris

green yesterday afternoon. For some time

past her husband, Ilarry Jacobs, 21 years old,
has been out of work and they have been
leading a hand-to-mouth existence. Yester-
dav morning «he told her husband that if the
dd not soon hive better luck she would kill
heself. When he came home in the after-
poon she was waltn foe him Fig the door.
"Did you get a job?” she asked.

"No he replied, “I have been everywhere
and couldn't find a thing.

Mrs. Jacobs walked {nto the bedroom and
ewallowed a mixture of poison that she had
repared, Her husband discovered what she
ad done and ran out for a polleeman. On
ify return to the house with the polleeman
he found that his wife had locked the bed-

it had to be kicked in. Jr,

oom door and
vy arrived on an ambulance from Harlem
Hospital and attempted to use a stomach pump,
The woman bit him three times on the hance
Bhe declared that she wanted to dle

removed to Harlern Hospital

 

Was Well to Do, But Had Keen Drinking Hard
for Two Weeks.

Frederick Mentz, proprietor of a saloon at
1167 Bedford avenue, Brooklyn, committed sui-
cide yesterdiy morning tn the North River
Hotel, at West and Barclay streets, by inhaling
Mentz went tothe hotel on Wednesday
morning. He remained in bis room during the
diy, drinking a good deal. and shortly after
midnight he called up the office by tube,

“LT have been drinking hard for three weeks,”
he s iid. “but {f you will send me up another
bottle I'll take my last drink.

The bottle was sent, and the hotel people
heard no more of Mentz, They broke onen his
room door in the morning and found him dead
with gas escaping from the three jets in the
room. Mentz wis haopily married and proa-
perous and belonged to Lodge No. 640, A. F.
and A. M.

HEAT MADE HIM INSANE.

gus

 

She was |
SALOON KEEPER KILLS HIMSELF.
|

Charles Glenolia Tried Four Times to Commit
Sulcide,

Yonxens, N, Y., Aug. 9.—Charles Glenolin, 47 |
years old, of 73 Jefferson street, this city, made |
fourattempts this evening to end his life. He
waded into the Hudson River three times
but was pulled out be ore any harm was done.
Then he threw himeelf on the rails fn front of
an approaching train. He was hauled away
pt in time to save his life. He was arrested,

ollee Surgeon Benedict who examined him
said that the heat had made Glenolin insane,

To Lay the Cable to Fayal,
The Britis cable steamship Angiia, Capt
Cato, which arrived 04 Wednesday from Lon-

esterday. She has
Ln the new German
Payal. She carries

don, came upto the city
aboard the material for lay
cable between this port and
6 crew of 136 men.

Quasar ere

 

  
 
 

 

 
   

THE BATHING SUIT WOMAN,

SHE'S VERY PROMINENT JUST NOW
DOWN BATH BEACH WAY.

Puts It On When She Gets Up in the Morning
and Wears It Until Bedtime—Some of the
Costumes So Dainty That a Splash of Water
Would Ruin Them-Kesidents Horrified,

‘The rest of the United States may worry as
much as it pleases over tho shirt-waist man,but
there is no room for the discussion at Bath
Beach and Bensonhurst. The bathing-suit
woman occuples the thoughts of all serious-
minded folk on the Brooklyn side of the lower
bay. The serious-minded folk live in Bath
Beach and Bensonhurst all the year round.
They have much pride in their communities,
and |t is most painful to them to see their streets
invaded by persons who come among them only
for the summer and who bring customs which
are not in accordance with the Bath Beach
notions of seaside propriety.

Nobody knows just when it first occurred
to the summer boarders and summer cottagers
that the bathing sult was an excellent costume
to be worn without regard to the use of it for
bathing purposes. It has been for years the
custom of even the permanent residents who
live near the beaches to put on their bathing
suits in thelr own houses and walk to the beach.
Almost invariably the women who did so wore
mackintoshes over their bathing suits on the
way to the beach. Last year some of the more
frivolous of the summer colony took to dis-
carding the mackintoshes.

The natives and many of the sojourners
sni{fed—at least the women did. The men
looked at one another, raised their eyebrows
when their wives were looking and grinned
furtively when the women's glances wero
turned another way. Criticism of the wearers
of bathing suits went no further at the time
and the custom grew until the mackintosh as a@
concealer of the bathing-suit revealed form was
pretty generally discarded, So long as the
weartng of the bathing suit was not extended
beyond the journey to and from the bath, no
particular objection was ratsed,

But the summer folks were frrepressible.
They found that the bathing sult was just as
cool in Cropsey avenue as it was on the sand.
If the bathing suit was good enough to be worn
on the sidewalk, it was good enough to be
worn on the poreh, or on the tennis court, or
in short,in any place where a bleycle skirt or
any other outing costume right well be worn.
Some of the particularly frivolous young per-
sons took to'sitting in the open air restaurants
along the avenue in bathing sults, The in-
fluence of these departures from the = con-
ventionalities was demoralizing.

Women who had always gone to the beach
for sun baths in silk bathing suits that would
have been ruined by & splash of water, took
the trouble no longer to go to the beach, They
began to take their sun baths all over Bath
Beach to the varied emotions of all beholders,
Of course the new custom took the quickest
hold on the very people who were inclined
to earry it farthest, Indeed, there are not
wanting among the citizens of Bath Beach and
Bensonhurst many who will say openly and
fearlessly that the reason these wom-n feel 60
little embarrassmentiin their bathing suits tn
public is because they earn their livings by
appearing on the stage in the winter in cos-
tumes not essentially different, Certainly the
out of the dresses in many cases suggesta the

enius of the designer of the costumes of the

urlesque stage.

One who goes to see at Bath Beach and Ben-
sonhurst finds ample reward at any time
bet ween 3 o'clock in the afternoon and the dinner
hour, Two women in almost identically made
dreases of a pea green shade appeared on the
streets yesterday afternoon that were pro-
nounced the most ramarkable sights that the
bathing suit habit had yet developed. Both
of them were tall, but neither of them was thin.
Their skirts ended considerably above their
knees and were not loosely draped, The waists

 

 

were armless and were cut low. The tan
didn't look real. They did not seem
to be disturbec t the

Vv

attention they attracted and chatted with one
another as unconcernedly as though they were
in the most secluded corner of the beach, They
wandered up and down Cropsey avenue for
an hour or more. At about half-past 4 o’clock
they giggled and clapped their hands and went
up the avenue to meet two men, for whom it
was quite apparent they had been waiting.
Meanwhile one group of three girls on
bicycles had raced down the avenue with
streaming red bandannas about their hair,
and thelr bathing sults dripping spray, amid
the cheers of such of the populace as has not
heen impregnated with the holy horror which
is felt by the more staid residents, Between

and 6 o'¢lock there was at least five women
th bathing suits in sight from any point a block
away from the beach, In justice to the ace
ecusations of the apery Bath Beach 4
it must be admitted that most of the bathi
sults were quite ars

It was quite noticeable that very few men
seemed to follow the example of the women,
and not more than one or two appeared in
the streets in bathing suits during the whole
afternoon

The keepers of the better class of hotels
and resorts in Bath Reach and Bensonhurst
have heen much worried for the good name
of the’ resorts, and are discussing ways of sup-
pressing the latest manifestation of summer
nania. Mr. Robert F. Supper of the Avon
3each Hotel sald yesterday that he would not
hesitate to eall upon the police if any of the
frivolous wearers of bathing suits, as disting-
uished from those who wore them with tha
purpose of bathing, loitered about his place
or attempted to enter his hote

Mr. William Connolly, who has a large bath-
ing pavilion at the foot of Fifteenth street, has

red agpecial policeman to chase non-bathing
yvathers off his premises. He says that the
reneral influence of the whole movement has
Been eo bad that men and women have taken
to going in bathing without any clothing at all
from the park which adjoins his house, ane
that he doesn't see any use of calling on the
police to regulate the wearing of bathing suits
when they will not disturb themselves over
yaonle who wear none. Mr, Connolly is au-
thority for the statement that Mrs, Amelia
Davis, a large property owner on Fifteenth
gtreet, two blocks inland from his pavilion, has
moved away from the neighborhood for the
summer because she could not abide the in-
decent exhibitions that were constantly taking
place in the street and in the front yards near
her home.

Mr. Benjamin O. Smith, the proprietor of
Avoca Villa, has taken a — decided stand in
opposition to the notions of such of his fellow
citlzens as disapprove the promiscuous wearing
of water-clothing on dry land,

“Let ‘em be comfortable.” said Mr. Smith
last nlght.. “They are better. looking that
way, and they know it; and they don't feel
the heat so much, As far as morality goes,
there isn't anvthing very immere!l going
to happen while they keep out. on the streets
{n broad daylight. Tha more they wear bath-
ing enits the better T like It, and they're wel-

       

  

come in my place at any time,”
The police are inclined to agree with Mr
Smith. Seret. Ryder who was in charee of

the Bath Beach station last nicht, enld that
no formal complaint had come to him as yet
andany thatdid would recelve careful an

unkindly serutiny.

"This talk makes me tired,” the sergeant
said, “What'sthe difference between a bathing
suit and any other kind of suit? What's the
difference between a bathing sulf and a short
bicyele skirt? Isn't a bathing suit a great deal
better than a bloomer bicycle costume? Most
of them are made very prettily and the man,who
has any kiek to make because a girl wants a
Jittle more of a chance to show off her clothes
than she gets in the water,is a little too mean
for thia part of the eltv anyway, He'd better
co to the Waldorf and get busy kicking because
eome man wants to be comfortable eating with
his eoat off.

“There's juat one time when a bathing suit
may not be exactly the sort of thing that ought
to he worn through the streets or in publio
places; that is, when the wearer has {ust come
out of the water and her clothes stick to her.
J never heard that any girl down here did any-
thing like that; I don't belleve any of them
would. Somebedy, as I said before, will have
to make a pretty be responsible kick before
we do anything about it. The captain of the
er inet fan't here now but T think he would
ell you the same thing.

“You must remember that the people who
live down here are not all actresses and people
who like to attract public attention.”

 

DROWNED IN GREEN

Boat tn Which Young De Waal Was Sailing
Wrecked—Three Rescued,

Nutiey, N. J, Aug. 9.—Marianus De Waal,
the seventeen-year-old son of A. E. De Waal of
this place, was drowned in Green Pond, Morris
county, yesterday. The boat in which he was
sailing swamped. Dr. George B. Philhower,
who was in the boat, was pulled under the
water in trying to save De Waal, but he sue-
ceeded in freeing himself from the boy's grasp.
bE. J. Guthrie and Mrs. Philhower were also
thrown into the water. Guthrie grabbed the

POND.

  

=

SSC

| Jearn to like those things.

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

 

The interesting duel that never took place
in spite of the threats made here last winter
by M. de Nevers and M. Saléz7a was rather unique
among episodes of its kind in possessing no
feminine element. The artistic features of
the quarrel alone excited the two combatants,
Now there is a woman concerned in the case
and she has been brought into it moreover
through the influence of M. Jean de Reszke,
friend and champion of M. de Nevers. In
Parts there lives a Polish lady formerly a resi-
dent of Warsaw, a contemporary and former
acquaintance of M. de Nevers, M. Saléza
has all along refused to fight M. de Nevers
until he revealed his own namo, on the ground
that the code would not tolerate a duel with a
mere nomde plime, M. de Nevers never cared
to tell this name and M. Saléza before he dis-
missed the duol question finally made some
effort to find out who M. de Nevers really was,
His investigations led him to a Mme. Sophie
Kaschowska, now of Paris, formerly of Warsaw.
The tenor felt that his search for the real
name of M. de Nevers was at last to
be rewarded, He had met a@ person who had
not only known M. de Nevers at home, but had
his name on paper. His opponent's idontity
ones established, M. Saléza was quite willing

to fight. But he was destined to disappoint-
ment. The lady refused to divulge names
or show documents which are now said to have
passed mysteriously into the hands. of Jean
de Reszke, He interfered for the sake of hi
intimate friend, M. de Nevers, whose re
name is once more clouded " darkly as ever
in mystery. M, Saléza is indignant at the
interference of his colleague Just in the moment
when his success was near. And the talk {ts
now of a duel between the two tenors. It wi
{in all probability, be fought out, however, a
the yecnn e. Opera House next winter.
At all eventa the Importance of this possible
combat has entirely obscured the former due}
that had every element of a first-class due
except its performance.

 

In {ta most pervading days the tennis racket
was never 80 freely distributed as the golf
bag is to-day, Time was when the number
of tennis rackets carried about New York on
Saturday afternoon led one to suspect that no
country could ever contain courts enough
to accommodate all the players about to de-
scend on them, The tennis racket alwaye
had less general distribution than any of
{ts svecessors in golf. It was practically
limited to young men. But the golf bag ts
presumably chained to every station in life
and all sizes and ages. | Stout women drag
the leather bags through railroad cars an
their girls as uently labor under thelr
weight. The golf bag may still be somewhat
behind the tennis racket in its palmiest days,
so far as Dumbers are concerned, But it ig
dietributed through a much arger part of
society, and there seems, nobody who may not
appropriately appear with one of them, to
judge by the Impartiality with which all ages
and sizes appeer with them in publfo.

 

The practical value of a title to a burlesque
actress has been shown very plainly by the
demands which Lady Francis Hope made to
the managers with whom sho was in negotiation
here. It was at first announced that Lady
Francis Hope would under no circumstances
reappear on tho stage in her native country.
But it soon became evident that the display
of her talents to the admiration of her country-
men depended entircly on the amount that
managers were willing to pay. The minfmum
was said to be $2,500 a week for a period not
less than ten weeks guaranteed and half of
this was to be deposited in a London bank
before her Ladyship set sail for her native land.
During her theatrical career as May Yohe the
salary paid to this young woman never ex-
ceeded $50 a week or at all events went above

that point on a very few occasions. Matri-
mony evidently means to Lady Hope that she
is worth fifty. times as much to a New York
manager as she was ten yearsago, Tho May
Yobe of that day was more discussed for what
she did off the stage than anything her talents
ever accomplished, She usualy, contrived to
keep herself as much in the public eye than as
she is to-day, But she was not married to an
English Lord, For the first time the financial
value of that attachment was fixed when the
actress gave it as her modest opinion that her
services now are worth fifty times what they
once were, This decision would have greater
value if it were known that her manager had
agreed with her concluslons and paid Lady
Francis Hope what she wanted, But there is
no possible chance that anything of the kind
irally happened, and Lady Francis Hope ine
doubtedly comprotnised for a much smaller
sun than she originally named.

“My taste for oysters began all wrong,” said
the Southerner, as he pushed away the clams
with a look of utter distaste, “and I never did
So when I come

! North L have to do without that course at dine

See

ner. At home I occasionally eat raw oysters
the way I like them, but that is not as easy as it
used to be. When I was a young man living
hundreds of miles from salt water, oysters
used to be regarded as a much greater luxury
than they are to-day. Baltimore supplied
the Southern market in those days, and an
oyster in a shell was rarely heard of. The
best of the bivalves used to be sent South in
sinall kegs filled with the oyster juice, or in
quadrilaveral tin boxes sealed as soon as the
oysters and their juice had been poured through
a round hole in the top. Put on the Ice as soon

as they reached the local fish dealer's, after a
trip made in the primitive refrigerator cars
of the day, raw oysters were really regarded
as a luxury so far from the place of their culti-
vauon, They cost, too, In a wey that made
us appreciate what @ luxury they actually

were

“Butit was at the table they were appre-
ciated most, and what ashock it would give an
epicure nowadays to see the way they used to

be eaten, There were no shells, 60 when the
oysters were served raw Gey were put in a
late, Many a time have I filled the

80U)
plate ith vinegar until the oysters swam
around {n it like a goldfish in a globe, After
the vinegar, strong enough to make tasteless
tho degenerate oyster of the day, had been
poured on in sufficient quantities lots of blaok
pper and galt were added to give the final
avor to what the oyster was then thought to
need in the way of dressing. If the individual
oysters were too large we never hesitated in
those days to out them in two with a koife.
lknowthat method of eating raw oysters was
an inland barbarism, but I am just as certain
that no oysters since have tasted to me as good
as those used to, And to this day _I| always
eye oysters with indifference when I know 1
ehall not be at Uberty to eat them in that old-
fashioned way, And there are few opnortuni-
ties for that nowadays, Oysters are now sent
to ny home in the shell and eaten just as they
are in the Fast, But I don't believe that any-
body geta the enjoyment out of them that
they used to when the old metnod was the
style and every man flavored them just as
much #8 he wanted to,”

The Jersey meadows rarely come in for any-
thing but abuse. Suburban travellers who
are carried over that marshy stretch of land
twice a day grow to look upon It as one of the
hardships of thelr day's journeys, At times
they provoke condemnation no less pronounced
than the kind usually directed toward Hunter's
Point. It was this same stretch of reeds and
grass that gave rise to a conundrum that was
very popular for a while in front parlors along
the line of a certain New Jersey railroad. The
questioner used to ask why the president of the
road was a generous man to his patrons. The
answer used to be that he first gave every Ree
senger a scent crossing the meadows and then

yassed all the oranges, Whether or not that
ntrieate witticlam is still popular along the
road, it at one time enjoyed a great vogue

But there is something beyond the scent of
the meadows to attract attention to them now
They are a-bloom from one end to another with
the marshmallow flower and its dainty color
adds ap exquisite tone to the rank green that
}t usually the only color visible to the eye,

‘very August the flowers begin to bloom and
they are usually most numerous on both sides
of the narrow canals that drain the damp earth,
This year their delicate pink and white blos-
soins are scattered over the whole range of the
meadows and they haye not reached their full-
est bloom. Usually they last throughout the

| entire month and the flowers increase in size.

Now they are rather small, but utiful in
their delicate shading of pink and white, The
same blossoms atiract leas attention in ot ber
aves. Lt is their Joveliuess in such aspot and
their abundanes that help them to gfe the

boat with one hand and with the other beld Mrs. | despised meadows real beauty while they last,

Philhower's head above water until assistance |”

arrived ’

‘The beat was 500 feet from shore when the
occura ts discovered water vouring in. Young
De Waal could not swim. The rest of the party
were rescued by a number of young men from
Paterson who heard their cries for help, De
Waal's body was recovered.

The Real Fstate Board of Brokers

reyiirngthe news facilitieaofatruseworthy morning |

podlicatian together witha corresponding cLentage
save desigrated Tag Sus thoir official News an
Advertising inedium, There ‘s printed each day o

complete summary of Real Eetate transactions, toe
wether with # list of Real Estate Auction Sales te
Qveus.— Adv

<

jn other parts of New Jersey the golden
rod is the dominant wild flower of the day.
No other untrained blossom can comes e with
its abundance. Even the wild carrot is sub-
ordinate to [t now, and when the vellow flower
is in tull bloom its preponderance will be
more marked even than tt is now. So far,
few of the blossoms have acquired the brilliant
rellow glow that comes with their maturity,
Many of the buds are still pale and bard, and
the lacy, vracetul blooms have not vet required
the deep tones of color that will eome to them
later and make the golden rod, even more
than it {# in these mid-August days, the wid
flower that monopolizes the real Until th
colors of autumn on the leaves 0 ita tall

of the landscape,

THE SUN, FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1900.

te
—

GLEASON IN A SHIRT WAIST,

THEY WOULDN'T STAND FOR IT IN
A LONG ISLAND CITY Borst.

 

 

Ex-Mayor Had Been Eating There for Forty
Years but Head Waiter Made Him Put oa
His Coat—Pink and White With a RuMfied
Front—Too Old to Lead Fashion, Says He.
For many years former Mayor Patrick J,

Gleason of Long Island City, has takon his

meals in the restaurant attached to Miller's

Hotel in Borden avenue. Everything was

sizzling about noon yesterday when he entered

the restaurant and took a seat. The former

Mayor was coatless and wore a ruffied front,

pink and white shirt waist, 1t swelled out like

a baloon around the ex-boss’s bulky form and

it was suggested that he had an arrangement

of electric fans inside to keep cool.

There was one person in the restaurant to
whose eye Mr, Gleason’s new hot weather
make-up failed to appeal. It was Henry
Mitchell, the colored head waiter. Owing to
many tips a bond of loyalty exists between
Henry and the ex-boss, but on this occasion
Henry had a duty to perform. He manceuvred
around a few minutes and then sald:

“Say, Mistah Gleason, you know the rules of
dis heah house?”

“Sure,” replied Mr. Gleason. “Been eatin’
here forty years. Stick to the bill of fareand
no tick. Just let me have corn beef an,——”

“Boss, Ise got ter ask yer agin’ ef youse
knows de rules of dis heah dinin’ room.” Then
Henry sprinted away a few feet as Gleason
wiped his eye glasses and glared at him.

“Now, eee here, pelanbor. said the ex-Mavor

severely, “don’t try that on an old man like

pie Decques § don’t like it. Now give me some
an’—

“Ise got de greatest respect for vo’, Mistah

Gleason, but Ise got a duty ter perform,”
isted Henry. “It's eq inet de rules of dis house
‘or any man to eat inhis night gown. Now
dar.” This time, Henry sprinted back toward
the k tghen, wi Mr. Gleason dropped the
of fare.

“Come back here! come back here, you son

of a Hottentot! Oh, vou, vou--—— t was

very evident to those who heard the remainder
of the conversation that the former Mayor

was angry. a

“Me dinin’ in anight shirt!” he roared. “But
that I am_a peaceful man there would be
wake not far from here.” Finally the hote
clerks, walters. and interested friends held a
eonsultadon, It was finally decided to ask
the former Mayor to put on his coat. It was
with reluctance that Mr. Gleason complied.
He sighed as his coat crushed down over his
gorgeous shirt waist.

“To think that I should come to this and tn
me own town,” he said mournfully, “Put
on me coat? Yes, beings I'm a man of peace
I'll put on me coat for the sake of harmony tn
the party. After forty years’ eatin’ in. this
place and then told to put on me coat. Never
again will I attempt to lead faghion. Yo too
old to turn dude. Henry, me boy, you're all
right. You'ye learned me a leason not to get

ay in me old age. No, i'll never again try
° lead fashion; hereafter I'll just stiok to poli-
tics.”

 

MR. DAMKOSCH WEARS IT TOO.

Disclosure Made When the People's Choral
Unton Makes Him Take Off His Coat,

It was an hour of triumph for the shirt-waist
man at Maennerchor Hall last night. When
the thousand singers of the People’s Choral
Union were packed into the hall the tempera-
ture became most trying. They were there
to rehearse the oratorio “Messiah” which is to
be given at the auditorium of the Summer
School of Theology at Ocean Grove this even-
ing. Frank Damrosch, the leader of the un{on,
appeared on the stage wearing a black coat
to look at which made everybody warmer etill.
Mr. Damrosch would bravely pull up his coat
sleeves before starting the beating for each
chorus but the swing of the baton soon had the
hot cuffs down around bis wrists again, which
annoyed the sopranos and altos to whom the
leader's comfort is more than the musio,

When the rehearsal had reached the chorus,
“My Yoke is Lasy and My Burden Light,” Mr,
Damrosch tugged des alringly at his sleeves
as much as to say, “This burthen ts anything
but Heht.” A soprano in a middle seat noticing
his distress asked in a loud whisper: “Why
doesn't he tako it of?" The idea was taken
up by the other women singers and presenuy
& Suppressed chorus of euggestions was buzz
ing around the room, The nolse discon-
certed Mr, Damrosch who looked at the women
inguiringly.

resident John MeDonough let his power
ful voice loose to say: “They want you to take
off that coat, Mr. Damrosch.”

“Oh, now, said the leader, “that would
never~—-—

He didn't get any further, for there arose
such a chorus of insistence from the sopranos,
sustained by the mellow tones of the 800 altos,
that Mr, Damrosch could do nothing but bow
toit and retire from the stage, reappearing from
the wings a moment later minus the coat, to
an accompaniment of vigorous hendelapping
approyal. Mr, Damrosch, as if he h ex-
pected such a happening, had on the latest
style of shirt waist, and as he finished the re-
heareal without perturbation of spirit and
looked quite cool the women all agreed that
fos ingevenss in men's dress is “perfectly
lovely.

The Choral Union will take a special train
for Ocean Grove from the foot of Liberty street
this afternoon,

SHIRT-WAIST D&TECTIVE 18 MERE.

 

He Arrests a Man for Slugging Another Who
Tried to Eat a Five-Dollar Bill,

Hugh Brady, a carpenter, 46 years old, of 1427
Amsterdam avenue, was paid off last night and
celebrated that fact by getting drunk. He
wanted to show the world in general his con-
tempt for money, so he sat on the curbstone at

Ninety-eighth street and Third avenue at 9
B plee last night and tried to eat a five dollar

ill.

“Luk at thot,” yelled Joseph Mallon of 203
East 10d street. “'Thot's more than anny man
kin stand.”

Thereupon Mr. Mallon walked across the
street, picked up Brady, carried him over the
street and sat him up against afence, Then he
gave him a mighty swipe in the Jaw, where-
upon Brady spat out_the bil, Mallon seized It
andran. Detective Rosenfeld of the Enst 104th
street station, who is known asthe s)irt-waist
delective, because he wears a man’s shirt
waist and no coat when he isin plain clothes,

yursued Mallon and caught him smoothing out
he tattered five-dollar bill in a shop. In
which he ha taken refuge. Rosenfeld
locked Mallon up on a enarge of lare:ny
and Brady ona charge of intoxication.

ST. LOUIS ADOPTS THE SHIRT WAIST.

 

The Mayor Approves the Reform and City
Officials Form a Shirt. Waist Club.

St. Louis, Mo., Aug. 9.— The shirt-watst fad

has struck St. Touls hard. Yesterday the As-

sistant Prosecuting Attorney of the Second

district police court appeared in one of rose-
colored silk and to-day. the dispensary phy-
siciansa and the City Hall officials followed suit

A club has been forined by dispensary em-
ployeas with the object of popularizing the
waist as an article of men's attire. Among
the merabers are Dra. G. A. Jordan, George I,.
Kearney, A. Vowel, M. Dwyer, 1.. J. Hollman
and G. C. Schroeder, At the City Hall Carl
Unger, Henry Besch, Lou Jones, Fred Zeigen-
hein and George Brand appeared in waista of
varied hue.

Mayor Zelgenheln has indorsed the {nno-
vation and says that within the next few days
he will join the ranks of the advocates of dross
reform for men. The Mayor, like Congress-
man Bailey, has persistently refused to don a

reas coat at the most important civic or social
unctions, appearing {n a frock coat

 

“ANOTHER CAMPAIGN LIFE."'
So Says Secretary Long Over an Alleged Order
for Masculine Shirt Walsts in the Navy,
Boston, Aug. 9,--Secretary of the Navy
Long laughed heartily when asked about the
now famous ‘shirt waist order’ which it was
alleged he had promulgated inthe Navy De-
partment before leaving Washington for his
vacation, ‘Another campaign life nailed,” said
Mr. Long smilingly. “Really, this isthe firet I
ever heard of such an order, and I think {t was
only intended forajoke, Asa matter of tact, I
never gazed upon a male shirt waist; I have no
idea what they are like. So lone as the em-
plovees of the Navy Department wear suMicient
clothes to cover the law and their bodies I care
not what the stvle may be, shirt waists or déecol-
lottés, if they desire,”’

 

Ship’s Captain Dies at Sen.

San Francisco, Aug. 9.—The British ship
Melanope, which arrived to-day after a seventy-
eight day voyage from Panama, reported the
death of her captain. and owner, John R,
Craigen, on dune 13. He was ill when the shi
Jeft Panama and sucoumbed to an acute attac
of dysentery, He was buried at sea and the
vessel brought into port by Charles Green, the
first mate,

His Ashes Cast Into the Mississippi.
Davenpont, la, Aug 8.—The body of Charle
M. Bickneli of Des Mo nes, Iu., recently a atu-

dentat the Chicago University, until he broke
down on accoun of over-application to his
studies, was cremated here to-day and his
ashes cast into the Mississ pe River ta ao
cordance with the wishes of his family.

     

Rew Rudliatis,

|

 
 
      

Rew Pudlicatious,

“THESE ARE SOME OF THE FEATURES OF THE
AUCUST NUMBER OF
THE

MART

0
E CLEVERNESS

MAGA
N

A
ZI

ET

F

OUT TO-DAY.

A powerful social study, “THE MASTER CHIVALRY,”’’ by Marcaret Les
A story of the strange salvation of a girl's [!fe and honor by a man that dared, The
theme and situations are absolutely new in fiction,

“LEARNING MORE OF LIFE.”’
“THE SECRET OF ST. JAMES’S PALACE.”’

A story by EpGark Fawcett,
By ALLAN Upwarp,

An account of the terrible mystery that has for long years been a jealously guarded
secret of the royal family of England, with some startling revelations,
“MY NIECE, MRS. DOVE.’’ Astory by Carotine K. Durr,
“THE NEW PRINCE HAL.’’ A story by CLINTON Ross,
“THE ONE IN THE WORLD.” A story by Ciarits Stokes Wayne,
“THE WORTHINCTON ROBBERY.”’ A detective story, By MABPL

CRONISE JONES.

“AMOUR PERDU.”’ A posthumous story in the original French, Wettten fof
The Smart Set by the distinguished litterateur PAUL BONNETAIN,

eatert

jains,
It Is sold by every news and pertodical dealer, Price, 25 cents,

The “smart set” all read THE SMART SET. — Why? Because it amases, it charms, it

 

THE SMART SET, 1135 Broadway, New York.

TO ADVERTISERS:—
Have you secured s

    
 

SHE STOLE TWO LOAVES OF BREAD.

Mrs. Hodgiee Had No Food for Her Children
and Sick Husband,

Mra. Emma Hodgins, a respecta!le-'ooking
woman, who sald that she was the Janitre-s of
1831 Seventh avenue, was arraigned in Harlem
court yesterday morning ona oaree of ateal-
ing two loaves of bread from William M. Cush-
man's bakery wagon. William Xerks, the
driver, told Magistrate Zeller that he had seen
the woman taking the bread and had caused
her arrest.

“The sergeant wanted him to let up onthe

ce In the September number of THE SMART SE
Nothing in magazine history equals the success of this brilliant publication,

case,"’ said the policeman, “but he refused and |

insisted upon pressing the charge.”

“Your Honor,” said Mrs, Hodgins, ‘'this is |

the first time in my lifeI stole anvihing, My
husband used to work for Naughton & Co.,
but six monthsagoa girder fell on him and
he has been sick in bed ever since, I am
janitress of the flat, but all I wet is rent
free and whatever the tenants tip me to.
Thatisnotmuch, For the past few diys my
twochildren, Emma,8 years old, and Frank,
5 years oid, have not had athing to eat, Nei-
ther my husband nor myself has had a mouth-
ful.
husband, but I could not see my children #0

hungry . '
Magistrate Zeller asked Xerks three times to
withdraw the charge, but each time Xerks re-
jused. ‘I have had alot of bread stolev from
me,” he said, ‘and 1 have to make good at the
bakery. This time I mean to prosecute,”

“Young man," snid Magistrate Zeller, rising
from his chair, “I gue-s I will have to see
your employer. fle may have a softer heart
than yeu have will parole this woman until
to-morrow, and 1] warn you that you must
have more evidence if you want me to hold
her for stealing bread to give to her hungry
children,

“And, Madam," continued the Magistrate,
turning to the nrisoner, "I will investigate this
case myself. If] find that you have told me
the truth I will he!p you to take up the battle of
life again, and perhaps this time you will have
better luck.

Mrs. Hodgins said last night at her home that
she would be in court promptly this morning.

 

OBITUARY.

 

J. Simpson Africa, President of the Union
Trust Company of Philadelphia, died at his
home in Huntingdon, Pa., on Wednesday. He
was born in Huntingdon, Sept. 15, 1832, was
educated in the schools there, and studied ciy'!
engineering. He was one of the party that
made the first survey for the Funtingdon and
Broad Top Railroad. In 1853 he established a
weekly paper called the Standing Stone and
later he edited a history of Huntingdon and
Blair counties. During the sessions of 1858
and 1850 he was Journal] Clerk of the Pennsyl-
vania Senate and served as member of the
House of Representatives in 1860. In 1875 he
was appointed Deputy Secretary of Internal
Affairs of Pennsylvania and organized that
department which had just been created. He
served until 1879. Kh. B. Hayes appointed him
in 1880 Supervisor of the Census of the Seventh
Pennsylvania district. In 1882 he was elected
Secretary of Internal Affairs of Pennsylvania

Francis Mulheran of the firm of Mulheran
& Shields, Atiantio Basin Iron Works, died
Wednesday at his hone,
Jersey City, of typhoid pneumonia. | Th:
weeks ago he had a peculiar accident, He was
boarding the ste: ip Roraima, that was dis-
charging a cargo of sugar at the foot of Coffey
street, when a of sugar struck him in the
chest, Enocking him overboard. He received
a thorough wetting but seemed to beonly anentiy
injured, The next day typhoid fever devel-
oped. Mr. Mulheran had been with Handren &
Robins and later with the John N. Robins Com-
pany for thirty years as a machinist and fore-
man, About
for himself.

refitting the Police Department boat Patrol. |

He was born in Ireland 49 years ago and came

to this country when a boy. He leaves a widow |

one son and three daughters,

Archibald L. Miller died at bis home in New-
ark jestercey morning.
ty
who died at Watch Hill on Monday and was
buried in Newark yesterday, They were close
friends and were emploved as superintendents
by the Clark O, N. T. Thread Company, having
been employed Logether in the old country

ey

by the Pais ‘larks in cotton epinning and
twisting, Mr. Miller was born tn Bathgate,
Scotland in 1824 and was employed by the

Clarks for forty-seven years, having gone to
work in Paisley as a boy and later obtaining
a place as a foreman of twisters {n the twister
department of the founders of the Clark com-
pany, He had charge of the twisting depart-
ment in the Newark mill for many years. His
brother, Thomas Miller, is_a professor of arts
in Paisley. He leaves a wife

The death of Charles Gordon Hutton, a
former resident of West Prange, at Pau, in the
district of Bordeaux, France, on April 16, was
made known yesterday when Mr. flutton's
will was offered for probate in the Eresex county,
WN. dg. Burrogate oMece. The document was
executed in West Orange, Jan. 17, 1883, and
leaves the entire estate to the testator's widow,
Hlenrtetta MeCarthy Hutton, who ts also made
the sole executrix, Mr. Hutton owned a half-
interest in Aytton Park, West Orange, which
was laid out by his father, the late Benjamin
H. Hutton. The mansion tn the park fs now
the home of the Essex County Country Club,
and the club's elghteen-hole golf course and a
number of private residences are In the park
Years ago the park was famous os & summer
resort because of the chalybeate spirngs there.

Dr. John Francls Burns, visiting surgeon
of St. John's Hospital in Long Island City,
died in that Institution yesterday morning
of spinal meningitis, aged 87 years. Dr. urna
was born in New York city and graduated
from the University of New Yorkin 1889. Three
‘ears later he opened an office in Long Island
ti y. Ue was a writer on medical subjects
and a prominent member of the Naasau and
Queens Medical Society

Henry Hoffman, the oldest man in Pennsyl-
vania, died at his home at East Butler in that
State on Wednesday night, aged 105 years 2
months and4days, He was born in New Bruns-

wick, N. J., on duly 6, 1796. When he was 102
years old he cut two cords of wood a day Up
to a year ago he went hunting every ‘all and

always brought back rabbits and sometimes
a weasel, which are hard to lit,
glasses

Dr. Elias B, Harris, a pioneer physician of
California, who attended the families of Flood,
O'Brien, Mackay, Fair and other Comstock \oia
millionatres, is cead. Dr. Harris was 75 veara of
oe” and a native of Richmond Plains, N.Y
} e married Isabsila Stevens of the New York
Ora

amily of that uame,
Mrs. Walter Varndell sf
© New Fesex avenue,
{IIness of about a week

yesterday at her home

f peritonitis after an

he was 22 years old and leaves a husband
Mrs. Varndel] was a daughter of Sherman M
Bacon of Middletown, Conn.

Mr. George Martin, a Canadian poet, died in
fontreal yesterday at the age of 7% His best
nown work was a volume entitled “Margeurite

of the Isle of Demons and other poems.” He
was born in Ireland in 1522.

Samue] W. Nevin, a well known resident of

ton, %y Sted yesterday in the 8d year of

ia age. @ was born in Shippensb Pa.

vi tevin’

e, N. J., died

ead was a son of the late or

I would not bave stolen for myself or my |

78 Lincoln street, |
ree |

rar ago he went into business |
ft 6 last work was rebuilding and | 1

He came to this coun- |
irty-two years ago with William Clark, |

 

a

 

T? Forms close on the 25th ing.

FOR LOVE OFA CHINAMAN.

BROOKLYN GIRL RUNS AWAY PROM
HOME TO MARRY CHONG GNowW.

 

Asks a Lawyer to Arrange Ceremony—Met
Goow tn a Laundry and Went With Hf n
to the Mission—Mother and Three Brothers
Ready to Kill Him if Be Marries.

Charles Chong Gnow is a Christianized Chinas
man. He has cut off his pigtail, speaks fairly
good English and attends the Christian Mission
at Tompkins avenue and Kosciuako street.,

Brooklyn. He also wante to marry an American

girl, in spite of objections from her family.

Charles Chong Gnow is known as Charley
in the laundry of Wing Sing at 1041 Flushing
avenue, Brooklyn. He has been In this country
for fifteen years of the 30 years of his life

About a year ago Florence M. Mark, the daugh-

ter of Peter Mark, an tee dealer of 81 Varitek

avenue, Williamsburg, took some of her broth-
er's shirts to Wing Sing’s laundry. There she
roet Charley, talked to him and consented to

| #0 with him to the Chinese mission in Tompkine

avenue the following Sunday. The girl was
pretty. She was not quite 16 years old then.
Soon she became a regular attendant at the
mission, but she never sald anything to her
mother about it

About eight weeks ago a neighbor bore to
Mrs. Mark the news that her daughter was
seen going to the mission regularly and that
she was always escorted by the same Chinaman.

| Mra. Mark went to the mission and there she

found her daughter sitting alongside of Charies
Chong Gnow and singing hymns. Mrs. Mark
took her daughter out of the building by main
strength and led her home. There wasalong
and earnest talk and finally the daughter
promised that she would never go to the mis-

sion again or speak to the Chin any more.

Last Monday night, while Mrs, Mark w A away
from home, the elder brother of the girl gave
her permission to qo to a ball ona rogues at
she would return home before dnigt t. The
girl did not come home at all on Monday night.

Nor did she appear at the Mark home on Tues-
day, On Wednesday Mrs. Mark started to loo
for her and met her in Central avenue,

“I didn’t leave the ball until after midnig )
explained the girl, “and then 1 was afrald to
oome home. But 1 have been ataying with

friends, and itis all right. 1 was not near t
Chinaman,”

She went home witb her mother,
and afterward when \trs. Mark wanted to go
out she took the girl's clothing away and locked
it up, Once when she was out her daughter
pried open the doors of the closets ¢ foroed
the bureiu drawers, She put on hey Peat own
and made a bundle containing a t Gon
dress. a black satin dress a brown cloth a
and a@ dress of sume light

8)
She took the bundle and waite mate
the front door for Se Setar WA i

Mrs. Mark opened the door her daughter
brushed past her and started to run, ”
Mrs, Mark drop tho neat on

the hall floor and gave chase, aD
from Varick avenue to Flusi av A then
to George street and tae to atral ue,
with the mother close on her heela, A’
Street the girl dodged around several
cars and finally managed to evade hep.

Yesterday afternoon the girl Fherles
Choug Gnow appeared at the ofhos of La
Mark Alter, who practises in the Jefferson Bar.
ket court and asked him to make arr
for their immediate marriage. They pot
care who performed the ceremony,

“Do your parents know of this marriege?*
asked the lawyer,

“Oh, yes,” replied the girl. “Mamma and
papa entirely approve,”

uawyer Alter refused to act and told fe
couple to return to him after he had a
chanoe to communicate with the Ss parents,

The Chinaman and the girl want away saying
that they would call again to-day,

Mra. Mark had not vet seen or heard from the
awver when the Sun reporter called on her last
night. “If Florence marries a Chinaman,” she
said. “} will kill that Chinaman, She has three
brothers older thanshe is and they will kil
him too, We are too respectable a family to
stand such a disgrace as that.”

Wing Sing said last night that Charley had
meen “a few da) 8 off , ld

“Him gone glet mallied,” sa wi Bing
blandly. “Not come bacee tall, mobbe~

 

 

Newport Social Events.
Newport, R.1L, Aug. 0.—The leading eectal

| event of the day wasthe lunch and mueteale

fie never used

«iven by Miss Anna Leary atthe Paul cottage.
Al the luncheon there were a dozen guests. The
decorations were American Beauty roses. Later

in the day all the cottage colony game In to at-
tend the musfesle. Other soclal eve ts were
dinners to-night by Mrs. J. J. Wysong and Mra
Clirence W. Dolan. Among te late arrivals at
Nowportare Mr Fitz ich Whitehouse and his
sor, Mr. Wiliam FP Whitehouse, who has fust
returned from a hunting trip to East Africa,

Business Rotices,

Anannannne Le te ee tte te

Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup for ebtidren
teething, softens the gums, reduces inflaminaiioa,
a!ioys paln, cures wind cole, dlarrh@a 25c. a bottle.

|
pDin

CRAMPTON,-—Oo Aug. 8, 1900, at ber residence,
165 East 05th st., Nelile Crampton, the onlé
beloved daughter of Willlam and Ketle Cramp
ton, of appendicitis, aged 17 years.

Funeral today at 1 P.M, at house. Friends and
relitives invited

MATHEWS. -On Avg. &, 1900, James, beloved son
of the late James and brother of the Rev, Peter F
Moatiews

Funeral from his late residence, 04 Oakland et.
Greenpoint, on Saturday, Aug, 11, 1000, at ®
A. M., thenee to St Anthony's Roman Catbolic
Church, where a solemn mass of requiem will be
offered for the repose of bly soul

WEIL,—At Far Rockaway, L. L, Matilda, widow of
the late Max Weill, to the 724 year of her age.

Funeral from the residenee of ber daughter, 126
West 7id st.,on Friday morning, Aug. 10, 1900,
at 19 o'clock

 

| WELLINGTON. —At Dobbs Ferry, N. ¥., Aug. 6

1000, Elizabeth M., wife of Williom Wellington
Funeral services at her late residence Saturday,
7 Aug. 11,1000, atd o'clock P.M interment pri-

Vale

WOOD,—At Copenhagen. Denmark, on Aug. 8, 1909,
Filen M, daughter of James and EmUy H. Wood.

of Mount Kisco
F fal aecvices ot her lute home, Mount Kiseo.
N.¥., on @Saturday, A v00. On artival of

2-08 train from New Yok

CYPRESS TUILLS CEMETERY,
OMce, UL Madison ev. corr Stast, N.Y,

 

Hew Publications,
PRMAID DRAMATISTS: Camelot Serfont Apoe
¢ 6th av

N

typhal New Testament PRATT, |