VOL. LIXV—NO. 127,
PARIS STILL SEES WAR AHEAD

STRANGE ATTITUDE ON JAPA-
NESE-AMPRICAN SITUATION.

Newspaper Utterances Suggest a Covert
Desire to Provoke Conflict—Japan, It
is Said, Could Get Money in France

Europe Covets Panama Canali Control.

special Cable Despatch to Tun Sun.

Parts, Jan. 4.—No local question has
attained more prominence in public organs
of opinion latterly than the Japanese-Amer-
ican relations and the probability or possi-
bility of war between these great nations.
Incidentally the disoussion of this problem
haa led more antl more to a thorough study
on the part of public writers of the re-
sources, attitude and general policy, both
interior and exterior, of the United States.
Opinions most diverse have been presented
as well in the great responsible organs of
public, opinion as in the lesser sheets which
appeal to or instruct the multitude.

If any one thing has been lacking in the
multifarious discussions of this absorbing
question it is anything which might be
construed as an inspired or semi-inspired
utterance indicating the attitude of the
French Government. This may not bs
passed without remark in a country where
the Government may control or at least in-
fluence an important part of the preas in a
way common enough in Europe, although
next to unrecognised in the United States.

The most pronounced Government or-
gans with any pretence to independence
have contented themselves with reproduo-
ing official or semi-official expreasions other
than those given out through a French
medium. On the other hand there is evi-
dence that a persistent effort is being made
in Paria to augment to the greatest degree
possible without a call for a showdown of
hands any and all portents which may be
expected to magnify in the public mind
throughout the western world the danger
and, indeed, the imminent probability of
war. "

This effort, although under the specious
cover of dispensing news to a waiting
world, has been going on from the moment
that the first sensible Japanese-American
friction hecame apparent more than a
year ago, going on without appreciable
relaxation, although the public prints
sometimes for short periods free us from
explication. Certain interesta which a year
ago took the attitude that the only ob-
struction in the way of war wa: Japan's
inability to obtain money for a campaign
againat such puissance as the United States
now argue that the question of money
may be eliminated, since the war must be a
naval war and therefé#e will not take from
either country great mumbers of wealth
producers.

This, in turn, will mean that Japan will
be able to seoure for war purposes ali the

by striking
suddenly, as she did against Russia in the
midst vf amiable protestations, she scores
initial yictories in the Philippines or Hawaii,
while should she defeat the American
fleet and turn her attention to the control
of the Panama Canal the only thing that
would stop her victorious march or steam-
ing would be a coalition of European Powers
to force neutrality of that waterway and the
neighboring territory which these Powers
might be expected to relish better than the
control of the canal by the United States.

It can be said in all truth that
notwithstanding the superficial protesta-
tions of friendliness there are a number
of influential people and interesta working
in and through this capital with the con-
stant aim, if not to precipitate war, at least
to force America and Japan to the verge
of it, with what ulterior motive or subse-
quent advantage, to others than the com-
‘atants perhaps, remains to be seen.

When France viewed Japan's chief de-
terrent from war as her inability to procure
money the Franco-Japanese entente had
not been effected. Afterward hints went
forth from quarters where previously
there had been hurried conferences of
diplomats, statesmen and parliamentarians
‘hat should Japan offer good interest it
would be difficult for Frenchmen, friendly
as they felt toward America, to refrain
from lending her money, of which they had
plenty and to spare.

When the monetary crisis came in America
France refrained from lending money ex-
cept through the Bank of England, and
the Government authorities devoted them-
selves so soon as they found that America
viewed this reserve with suspicion to
demonstrating that the refusal of Wash-
ingtowto guarantee euch a loan caused them
to refnse, it,.although knowing perfectly
well that the Washington Government
was not empowered to mage such a guar-
antee. Since then most of the French
public comments on the Japanese- American
situation have thrown into prominence
\merica’s monetary crisis as a reason for
the United States shirking armed combat
with Japan and corelatively as a reason
‘> encourage Japan to strike while the
opportunity was favorable if she felt that
her interests required war against this
encroaching and formidable power which
has disputed her Eastern markets.

These critica quoted President Roose-
velt's challenge—although not uttered then
with this ominous afterthought -—-in ~ 1901,
that, given an American fleet, the Pacific
vould become an American lake. The

rities point out that the Japanese have not

forgotten this declaration of American im-
perialism, but had been steadily devoting
hemselves to prove it premature. An
extremist view even promises a far sighted
Motive in the great increase in Japanese
immigration to the United States, which
was recently announced in the” Washington
CGovernmenta) statistios, finding in this
evidence on the part of the Mikado a
“ish to have ready at all times a casus
belli in. case of need; in other words, in
case the presence of the Japanese provokes
an American demonstration, to be able to
order out forces to protect his people at
any cost.

Fantastic as this may appear to many
Americans, it is a sample of what is ad-
vanced here as among the reasons for the
Precipitation of war. Sober minded critics
take a more temperate view, but even some
of these evince pleasure in contemplating
what they consider the.awkward position
in which America finds itself, perhaps by
Poetic justice. So one critic dwells upon
what strange difficulties the Constitution
makers encounter when they reason in

eee ee eee

heme

to see the negroes

same light as the Southerners, who

into immediate contact

ith throngs of them, finds an analogy in
the modern anti-imperialistic Bostonians
who declare that there is no more danger
from Asiatics than from the North's ex-

| to place against this New England view
the opinion in the Pacific States, which
are brought into closer contact with the
yellow man, and he finds the United States
in the midst of a chromatic mélée, the sup-

|

WAR TALK WRONG, SAYS AOKI

ee Ee

NO SUCH THING POSSIBLE AT
PRESENT, HE DECLARES.

Just the Lmagination of the Jingoes, but |
Baseless, Japanese Yiscount Says—Ne |
Need ef Diplomatic Controversy Now
@ver the Immigration Prebiem.

San Francisco, Jan. 4.—Viscount Aoki |
in an interview here to-day discussed all ;
the phases of the Japanese question. He ;

posedly extinguished red man coming up | declared in positive terms that there could |

periodically through or despite many cross- | be no such thing at present as\war between |
ings, the black man disputing majorities | thig country and Japan. ;

with the white in the various States, and
now the whole problem of the country
complicated by the appearance of the little

yellow man. who, asserting equality with | war and that all the high officials of Japan

the proudest whites, presents himself with
the force of superior civilization based
upon a prowess which has survived ages.
People who regulate such problems from
easy chairs, reasoning from principles or
from historical precedents, he pronounces
dangerous monomaniacs or out of date
buffoons and declares that what it is neces-
sary to recognize is the Washington Gov-
ernment’s difficulty in preparing a reply
to Tokio’s note which shall satiafy its hia-
toric prindiples, the necessities of the hour
and the exigencies of the Japanese.

Proceeding to the facts of the day so well
known a publicist as Hugues Leroux says
that from the moment the Japanese present
themselves on the platform of their dignity
and refuse to recognize the necessities of
a State vastly younger than theirs the
Washington Government has the best rea-
sons to order a torpedo flotilla which was
to light the way of the greater squadron
to await at Rio Janeiro Rear Admiral
Evans's powerful fleet.

Following this utterance this morning
come the Tenps's statements in this even-
ing’s financial column that persistent
rumors of Japanese complications lay
heavy on the Bourse, and while not wholly
believed yet exercised a depressing in-
fluence and caused a general disposition
toward liquidation or the easing of hold-
ings.

The Gaulois, on the other hand, expresses
the belief that a mischievous campaign is
under way whose object is to alarm public
opinion baselessly, since neither Japan
nor America desires to strike the first blow
and the hour of battle is not near sound-
ing. The paper says this notwithstand-
ing it “acknowledges that an optimistic
interview with the Japanese Ambassador
in Paris published yesterday need not
necessarily be taken at its face value.

The Petit Parisien avers that the French
Ministers at Tolto and Washington do not
apprehend a rupture of peace. The Siécle
says the sundry rumors in the press could
easily become the cause of a quarrel if Wash-
ington or Tokio had a desire for war.
The Siécle adds a quotation from an inter-
view with Baron Kurino, the Japanese
Ambassador to France, that while the
papers impute bellicosity to the Washing-
ton Government their fears are aoe
Baron Kurino im the : re
take to witness President Roosevelt’s
policy.”

The Siécle says that this beautiful con-
fidence expressed in such a high, quarter
may embarrass President Roosevelt in case
his sentiments are not exactly those which
Baron Kurino lends him. Anyway, if he
speaks again soon he ought in pure polite-
ness show himself equally convinced of
the pacific intentions of the Mikado.

EXPLOSION IN A BANK.

Persons Hart in Kansas (City—Gas
or a Bomb?

Kansas Crry, Mo., Jan. 4.~-An explosion,
caused, it is believed, by a bomb in the
basement of the First National Bank Build-
ing, at Tenth street and Baltimore avenue,
just after 12 o'clock to-day injured nine
persons, not dangerously, however. All
except one were employees of the bank.

The bomb theory was based chiefly on
the fact that the smell of what many persons
thought were explosives was exceedingly
strong after the event. Another theory,
however, was that gas accumulated in a
sewer had exploded. A man experienced
in mining who was in the building a few
minutes later told E. F. Swinney, president
of the bank, that the smell was not that of
any explosive with which he was familiar.
No leakage of gas could be discovered.

The first theory advanced by officers of
Yhe bank was that the bomb was put in
place bya crank. Connecting with the hole
in the floor of the bank is a hole in the brick
wall. It is about two feet square and every
brick that was knocked out was broken.
When thia débria went through the boiler
room it took with it a part of the six inch
iron water pipe. All the débris was thrown
some distance along the floor and part of
it was carried to the north wall of the boiler
room. Charles Grant, an employee, was in
the way of the mass of the débris and was
carried with it a few feet, but was not very
seriously hurt.

“If it was a dynamite bomb that caused
the explosion, and this seema the only
explanation, it must have been thrown
through a basement window on the west
side of the building,” said Mr. Swinney.

“The only theory I have is that it must
| have been a bomb placed there by some one

seeking revenge,” said H. T. Abernathy,
the vice-president.

WHAT ONE SPARK DID

Nine

To a Man and His Horse Who Stood Near
Some Leaking Gas.

Krnaston, N. Y., Jan. 4.--Philip Dough-
erty was the victim of a peculiar accident
at about noon to-day. He had finished
pumping out water which drips into a gas
main and ra into a barrel through a fun-
nel. While he wasstanding near the barrel,
which was in a wagon, the gas in the barrel
which had been pumped up with the water,
was ignited by a spark from a locomotive.
The head of the barrel was blown out and
the flaming gae flew in Dougherty’s face,
burning him terribly and setting his clothes
on fire. Thomas Rafferty. who heard the
explosion, pulled Dougherty from the
wagon and tore off the burning clothing.

The tail of the horse attached to the

pulling the burning barrel and wagon down
the street. .After going a block the horse
hit one hind foot against a gutter and broke
a bone in his leg near the feticoc«. iia
wagon then struck a telephone pole, which
released the horse. He was caught some
distance away and owing to the broken leg

to be shot. Firemen came and put out

A BAST COAST WINTER HOMES.

Sore” Write JE. ingrabem, Sk Angus

He said the questions at issue between |
the countries were not such as would cause i
were convinced of the good faith and friend- |
ship of this country.

He said that wild talk of a war that would |
occur before the fleet reached this coast
and of the contemplated seizure of Hawaii |
by Japan asa base of operation was base- |
leas, due to the warm imaginations of
jingoes who would like to plunge the nation |
into war.

In regard to immigration, Viscount Aoki ;
said that all the diplomatic part of this
question had been settled; all that re-
mained was for Japan to devise means of
carrying out her agreement to limit immi- }
gration to this country. He said very
emphatically that there was no diplomatic
end of the immigration question between
the two countries.

All that the diplomats could do had been
done and it was absurd to send out specials
from Washington saying that President |
Roosevelt and his Cabinet were perplexed |
over these problems since the whole ques-
tion was settled. Viscount Aoki said, his |
mission was to talk to the Japanese and
to explain to the people first how good
a friend they had in this country

Letters could not accomplish what he
could do by word of mouth. There was
no occasion for any trouble between the two
countries and his object was to make that
clear to his people.

JAPAN'S ASSURANCES ACCEPTED. |
Will Restrict Emigration to This Country,
but Is Opposed to an Exclusion Law.

Wasutnaron, Jan. +.—The assurances
received from Japan in regard to the pend-
ing suggestions for restricting Japanese
emigration to the United States are so
friendlv and responsive that this Govern-
ment will adhere more strongly than ever
to its desire that the restrictive measures
be entrusted mainly to the Japanese au-
thorities themselves for execution.

Japan is vigorously opposed to the en-
actment of an exclusion law by the Ameri-
can Congress. She has made known her
feeling in the matter .to this. Government,
coupled with an emphatic expression of
inteftion to correct the system under which
the Japanese coolie emigration to this
country increased instead of diminished |
after the agreement by which no passports |
for coolies to emigrate to continental |
United States were to be issued.

President Roosevelt has been impressed |
with these assurances and he has indicated |
that as long as a fair trial is being given
Japan's efforts he will discourage any |
attempt in Congress to enact exclusion
legislation. It is understood that the Presi- |
dent's attitude is that to permit such an
enactment would be unfair and discourteous
to Japan, and that it would be hia duty to
veto any such legislation while the Japanese
Government was conducting its restrictive |
efforts. |

|
|
|
|
|

'
JAPANESE WORRY VANCOUVER. |
es |
Three Hundred Flock in From Camps and
1,200 Are Coming From Hawail.

Vancouver, B. C., Jan. 4.--The unex-
plained arrival of 300 Japanese in Vancouver
and the prospect of an influx of 1,200 within
the next month from Honolulu are the
features of the Oriental situation here at
present. Why the 300 Japanese came here
is a mystery.

All morning they poured into town from
the coast logging camps and some even
from the. American side of the boundary
line. There are’ rumors of trouble and
officers of the Asiatic Exclusion League
are much perturbed.

All the accommodations of the steamers
of the Canadian-Australian Line have been
secured, it is stated, six months ahead by
the Japanese of Honolulu. Technically
the Japanese Government cannot do any-
thing to prevent the coming of these Jap-
anese to British Columbia, for the Japanese
are free agents once they have turned in
their passports at the islands.

So far no action has been taken by the
police or other authorities toward disarm-
ing the Japanese. It is estimated that there
are thousands of serviceable firearms in the
Japanese section.

—_-— oe

TO GUARD “UNWHIPPED UTES.”

The Soldiers Now at Thunder Butte Are
te Remain There All Winter.

Wasuinoton, Jan. 4.—At a conference ;
held at the Interior Department to-day, |
attended by Secretary Garfleld, Indian '
Commissioner Leupp, Assistant Secretary |
of War Oliver and Gen. Bell, chief of the
army staff, it was decided to keep the sol- |
diers now at Thunder Butte on duty there
for the winter to prevent any outbreak
on the part of the band of White River
Utes.

This band, known as the “Unwhipped |
Utes,” was part of the band that left the
reservation in Utah some months ago and
went to South Dakota, threatening to go |
on the warpath. They were rounded up
by troops and part of the band accepted
the Government's terms and went to work.
The remainder still holding out is camped
near Thunder Butte and a company of |
soldiers has been near by to put down any
disturbance which seemed probable. ;

The War Department wished to send
the soldiers back to their regiment, where |

| be no more local elevated trains.

| in any one month

5, 1908.—copyrion, 108, bu

CHANGES ON THE BRIDGE.

Cireting Trolley Care Will Carry All the
“Local” Passengers.

Elevated trains on the Brooklyn Bridge
came a hundred feet further over Park row
at the Manhattan end of the bridge last
night than ever before. The extension of
the island platform was opened for the firat
time at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon and

' the slips now extend clear across Park row.
| Work has been begun on new loop tracks at

the Brooklyn end of the bridge and by the
end of next week a new system of running
trains and tro!ley cars across the bridge will
be installed.

The east end of the ialand platform at the
Manhattan end is being cut off to make room

| for additiona] switches between the island,

the incoming and outgoing platforms. The
extension at the west end of the island
platform was opened yesterday for only

' the same length as that which is being out
off. Within a few days it will be completely |

opened. This will give room in the slip for
an additional car and six car trains will be
run over the bridge instead of five car trains.
This will be only a temporary arrangement,
however, until the new terminal loop is

completed. .

As soor as the new trolley tracks are
laid at the Brooklyn end of the bridge a
trolley service similar to that on the Will-

| iamsburg Bridge will be installed. There

will be bridge trolleys running at about
one minute intervals. which will go only

' from one end of the bridge to the other

and back. These will carry all local bridge
passengers for a two and a half cent fare.
When the loca] trolleys are started, which
will, it ia said, be within a week, there will
All local
passengers will be carried on the trolleys

‘and all elevated trains will be through
| trains during the rush hours as at other

hours of the day.

TO COMMAND RELIEF.

President Orders Surgeon Stokes to Take
«charge of the Hospitai Ship.
WasuHInaton, Jan. 4.—By direction of

pocTron

| President Roosevelt Secretary of the Navy
| Metcalf to-day signed an order directing

Surgeon Charles F. Stokes to take command

| of the hospital ship Relief This action

is the last step in the controversy which re-
sulted in the resignation of Rear Admiral
Willard H. Brownson from the office of Chief
of the Bureau of Navigation.

In announcing his action Secrétary Met-

» calf said that the Relief would be placed

in commission as soon as possible with a
sailing master and crew from the merchant
service. Surgeon Stokes, he said, would
be in command and would have under him
a corps of other naval surgeons sufficient
in number to give medical attention to
2530 sick.

In seeking a way to put through a plan
for placing a merchant master and crew
on the Relief the Administration found
itaelf embarraased by the fact that ita entire
appropriation of $500,000 for the mainten-
ance of naval auxiliaries, such as colliers
and provision ships, was necessary to main-
tain the auxiliaries now in commission.
These auxiliaries have officers and crews
from the merchant service whose pay is
much higher than that of the average pay
of enlisted men of the regular navy

The appropriation of $600,000 was divided
into twelve equal parte at the beginning
ofthe current fiscal yew and not more
than one-twelfth part ha been expended
This was necessary to
avoid an overexpenditure, which is con-
trary to law. As the monthly instalment
is just sufficient to maintain the auxiliaries
in commission the Administration Will be
obliged to resort to the expedient of placing
some colliers out of commission in order
to get sufficient funds to pay the merchant
seamen to be employed on the Relief.

THROUGH ICE WITH CHILDREN.

N. J., Paster Has a Narrow
Escape While Skating.

Dover, N. J., Jan. 4.—The Rev. George
Fountain, paator of St. John’s Methodist
Church at Wharton, had a narrow escape
from drowning with his three children on
Plane Pond to-day. Mr. Fountain and
his two elder children were saved by pase-
ers-by before they sank, but the youngest
child, a four-year-old boy, went to the bot-
tom of the pond and was rescued only
after repeated diving by William Kennedy.
The child was unconscious when brought
to the surface, but finally was revived.

Mr. Fountain is a good skater and decided
to take his children to a part of the pond
where the ice seemed firm. He had his
ten-year-old son and his eight-year-old
daughter on a sled, the girl holding the
youngest child, and skated across the pond,
drawing the sled behind him. Not know-
ing that the ice was thin in one place, he
skated upon it and went through.

The clergyman managed to grab the
sled and threw the children out on the
firm ice, but the youngest child slipped from
his sister’s grasp and went in the water.
The cries of Mr. Fountain attracted several
persons, who effected the rescues,

FORAKER GOING TO LAW.

His Men Will Try to Enjoin the Primaries
Called by the State Committee,

CoLumsvus, Ohio, Jan. 4.—The Foraker
leaders say that injunction proceedings
seeking to prevent the county committees
of the State from carrying out the call of
the Taft controlled Republican State com-
mittee for the selection of State convention
delegates will be filed in the Common Pleas
Court in Napoleon on Monday. The ac-

Wharton,

tion will be brought in the name of tax- |
‘ payers to enjoin payment by the county of

the primary's cost.
The Foraker men charge an illegal use of

| the State’s election machinery. Under the

Bronson law the State committee ordered
the primaries, in which voters are to select
delegates by counties as a whole except in

| five counties, where the ward may be made |

a unit. The Foraker side asserts that any

such restriction of the county committees | guilty was returned to-day in the case of |

as the State committee included in its call
ia illegal. ,

MINISTER JILTED.

No Apparent Reason for Sudden Action of
His Prepesed Bride.

Toukpo, Jan 4.—The Rev. Walter Clapp,

formerly rector of St. John’s Church here,

and now a missionary to the Philippines,

TUT.

a a ts

The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

‘FIRST TRAIN UNDER

‘

HUDSON

ee

FROM HOBOKEN TOCHRISTOPHER |

STREET IN SEVEN MINUTES.

; Party of Ratiread Officials Makes the Trip
im Two of the New Pneumatic Side

Door Cars—The Line Will Probably Be |

Open fer Traffic Late This Month.

The first electric train to be operated
j through the Hudson River tunnel of the
| Hudson and Manhattan Railroad between
| Hoboken and Christopher street, Man-
! hattan, made a round trip yesterday carry-
ing a party of officials and others interested
; in th® Hudson Companies. The Christo-
pher street tunnel will-probably be opened
to the public the latter part of this month.
The train which made the initial trip
was composed of two of the new steel care,
which have both side and end doors operated
pneumatically. The motorman was FEd-
ward M. Hedley, brother of General Super-
intendent Frank Hedley of the Interborough.
Mr. Hedley, who has been with the General
Electric Company at Schenectady, has
| been appointed general superintendent of
the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad Com-
| pany, the operating branch of the tunnel

company.
| The party was made up of Walter G.
| Oakman, president of the Hudson Com-
| panies; William G. McAdoo, president cf
| the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad; Pliny
| Fisk, Wilbur C. Fisk, William M. Barnum,
| H. L. Denny and FEF. F. Tilney of Harvey

Fisk & Sons; Charles M. Jacobs, chief en-

Frederick D. Underwood, president of the
Erie Railroad; E. H. Gary, president of the
United States Steel Corporation; Andrew
Freedman, F. B. Jennings, John G. McCul-
lough, Cornelius Vanderbilt, G. Tracy
Rogers, L. B. Stillwell, consulting electrical
engineer; Hugh Hazleton, electrical en-
gineer; K. B. Conger, secretary of the Hud-
gon Companies; C. W. King, secretary of the
Hudeon and Manhattan Railroad; Lincoln
Bush, chief engineer of the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western; James A. Murphy,
R. 8. Courtney, Vivian Meéagiter, Russell
Armstrong, A. B. Westervelt, H. A. Murray
and T. G. Anthony.

The members of the party met near the
corner of Chi'stopher and Greenwich
streets, whence they went down to the
Christopher street station of the tunnel
company, where the train was in waiting.
The trip both ways was made through
the north tube, in which there is only a sin-
gle track. No effort was made by General
Superintendent Hedley for a speed record,
and on account of the sharp curves in the
tunnel the train at times ran very slowly.
On the return trip, however, the controller
was opened up in the straight under river

THIRTY-FOUR PAGES.

| DE SAGAN

| Serap Outside Paris Church to Be Threshed
| Gut in a Police Court.
Special Cable Despatch fo Tur Sun.
| Pants, Jan, 4.~Prince Helie de Sagan,
who was attacked on Thursday by Count
| Boni de Castellane after a churoh service
! in memory of Lady Errington, has sum-
; moned the Count to appear before a Police
| Magistrate.
The case is down for the Mth, but it
| will probably be postponed for a week, as
Count Boni's lawyer will be efgaged on

another case that day.
THE COREYS MEET.

Wiltam Hilis Sees His Divorced Wife at
, lita Father's House.

Brappock, Pa., Jan. 4.—W. Ellis Corey
of the United States Steel Corporation
this afternoon spent several hours at the
home of hie father, A. A. Corey. At the
same time his former wife, Mrs. Laura
Cook Corey, was at the house. The meeting
is understood to be the first between the
couple since shortly after Mabelle Gilman
came into the life of Corey.

Mr. Corey reached Pittsburg from New
York and was met at the depot by Alan
Corey, hia son. Nothing is known of the
nature or reason of the later mesting of
the former married couple.

RUMOR OF LONDON “TIMES” SALE, |

Another Paper Says a Popular Publisher
Mas Get the Ex-Thunderer.
Special Cable Despaich to Tus SuN.

Lonpon, Jan. 5.--The Obdserver prints
a report to the effect that negotiatidns are
afoot for the transfer of “the direction
of the Timea newspaper” to the hands of
the proprietor of several popular magazines
and newspapers.

Reporta of attempts by Lord Northcliffe,
formerly Sir Alfred Harmsworth, to buy
the Times have been in circulation more than
once in the last few years. It has been re-
ported recently that the Right Hon. Herbert
Asquith, who has a fractional interest in
the property, has been negotiating for
control of the paper.

GOLDFIELD STRIKE BROKEN.

Men Deserting Federation and Hurrying
to Get Back Old Jobs.

GOLDFIELD, Nev., Jan. 4.—Appearances
to-day are that the backbone of the strike
is about broken and that mines will be in
full operation probably within ten days.
The hills are full of miners applying for work
and they are deserting the Western Federa-
tion by the score.

They say they are tired of waiting.on the
Federation, and can see no successful end
to their fight, ané intend to apply for work
before their places are taken by imported
miners. The owners are employing former
Federation men along with those imported.

THE SAMARITAN’S REWARD.

section and a maximum speed of thirty- |

five miles an hour was reached The ,
whole distance of two miles from Hoboken |

‘was covered in seven minutes.

The members of the party were highly |
pleased with the trip and were especially

gineer; J. V. Davies, deputy chief engineer;
{ interested in the novel features of the cars.

The tunnel line from Hoboken to Nine- |

teenth atreet and Sixth avenue, Manhattan.

is entirely completed and could be opened |
| to-day were it not for the delay that has '

| been met with at Sixth avenue and Ninth
| treet. The building of this section of the
| tunnel has been a difficult piece of work
because of the intersection at that point of
the main line to Nineteenth etreet and
Sixth avenue and the spur from Fourth
avenue running through Ninth atreet.
The work here is so near completion, how-
ever, that the announcement was made
yesterday of the early opening of the tunnel
for traffic.

CAUGHT WITH OPEN RAZOR,

But if This Is the ‘Slasher’ His Pal Got
Teacher's Opera Bag.

Capt. John Murtha of the Brooklyn
Bridge police squad caught the flash of
steel from something in the hand ofa man
in a crowd boarding a Gates avenue trolley
car at the Manhattan end of the bridge
last night. He followed the man and
seized the hand. In it, the handle slipped
up his sleeve, wag an open razor. Capt.

| Murtha handed the man over to Policeman

| John Maloney.

| The starter’s bell rang, but Murtha leaped
aboard and ordered the conductor to hold

j his oar. Then he called out:

“Will the passengers please examine
their clothing and see if it is slashed or cut
in any way? It is only a short time since
we caught a dress slasher at work on the
bridge and I believe we have another.”

The passengers did as directed and
suddenly a woman cried:

“Oh! My apera bag’s gone,
money and my opera glasses.”

The woman said she was Miss Mary M

| Dennett,Ja Brooklyn school teacher, of 566
Putnam avenue. She was on her way
home from a matinée in Manhattan  In-
stead of her pink silk opera bag, in which
was $30 and her opera glasses, only the
ribbons remained hanging to her arm.

The bag had been already cut off.

Miss Dennett could not say that Capt.

Murtha’s prisoner was the one who had

and my

robbed her, but he was looked up in the |

Oak street police station as a suspicious
person. He said he was John Elquo, a
Russian, 2% years old, of 123 Third
atceet. The police believe he passed
the opera bag to a confederate, as he had
nothing on his person. He will be examined
| at Police Headquarters this morning.

PETTIBONE NOT GUILTY.

Jury Frees Him on Charge of Complicity
in Marder.

Boise Crty, Jan. 4.—-A verdict of not

George A. Pettibone, accused of complic-
ity, in connection with other leaders of the
| Weatern Federation of Miners, in the murder
| of Gov. Steunenberg.
The verdict is expected to mark the end
of the effort in the courts to hold the fed-
| eration responsible for the acts of out-
| awry which culminated in the murder of
| Gov. Steunenberg.

they would be more comfortably housed | wag to have been married in St. John's All night the balloting of the jury stood

from the cold, but at the conference to-day |
it was shown by reports that the Indians |
were still in an ugly mood and it therefore |
was decided to retain them in camp.

Only Solid reas® Train. |
N. ¥, to St. Augustine, “N. ¥. Florida Special,”
ae P. My, Atlantic Coast Line, B'way, cor. Sth.
Adv.

SSnnE tas eRe cat

Church this morning to Mias Alice Thorne
Instead when he entered the church he re-
ceived a note from the bride declaring the

' match off. Miss Thorne gives no public

reason for her action. The affair has caused
a atir here.

The Rev. Dr. Clapp came direct from the
Philippines to marry Misa Thorne. who
belongs to one of the prominent families
in this section. Dr. Clapp left to-day to
return to the Philippines

oe

ten for acquittal and two for conviction.
There was no change until the final ballot
was reached, both men who had been hold-
ing out giving way at the sametime.
Following the acquittal of Pettibone
the State dropped ite cage against Charles
A. Moyer, president of the Western Miners
Federation.

Sao hoy

aT a Ried lia Sel Tea a alah i aR Ra cask has lee ca hae

An Katate Worth 670,000 Goes te Man
Who Was Kind te a Hostier.

LANCASTER, Pa., Jan. 4.—Twenty-five
years ago Otto Frederick Kuenszler came
to Ponnsylvania from Switzerland. He
; worked as a hostler in Lancaster county
hotels. George B. Kafroth of Henrybrook,
then a Lancaster hotel clerk, frequently
befriended him and when Kuenzler died
near Lancaster in March, 1906, he made a
will making Kafroth sole beneficiary.

From stories told of his past by Kuenzler
Kafroth thought it worth while to insti-
| tute inquiries and his counsel learned that
| Kuenaler, though unaware of it, was sole
| heir to a fortune left by his uncle, Herr

Odler, silk manufacturer of Walzenhauser,
Switzerland.

The will was forwarded and the estate
| finally settled up and $70,000 has been
— in a Lancaster bank to Kafroth’s
credit.

EXTENDS RIDING TESTS.

| Candidates fer Appointment in the Army
From Civil Life Now Incladed.

| Was#rNeton, Jan. 4.—President Roose-

j velt has extended his horsemanship re-
quirements to candidates for appointment

in the army from civil life as second lieu-

| tenant. In an amendment to the former
regulations governing such appointments
and also governing examinations for trans-
fer of lieutenants to the Artillery Corps the
President has ordered that all applicants
are to be examined carefully as to their
fitness for mounted service.

The board will report them by name in
three groups as determined by the result
of the examination, as follows:

Those considered specially qualified for
mounted service, those considered qualified
and those considered not qualified.

TO RECOIN U. 8. GOLD.

New Canadian Mint, However. Has Only
Tackled Copper as Yet.

Orrawa, Jan. 4.—Canada's new™mint is
now in operation and in ite first week the
presses were used turning out copper
coins, The handling of gold will hardly be
started until the refinery that is to be built
soon by the Government is completed.
There is a vote in the estimates for this.
The building will probably be built and
equipped by summer.

Then one of the first things to be done
will be to naturalize thirty million dollars
| of United States gold coins which the

Government of Canada has looked up

Suwpar, Jaxvanr §, 1908.
Fair and colder te-day; fair to-morrow;
brisk northwest winds.

NONE YET DRAWN THAT MEETS
APPROVAL OF LEADERS.
Ready to Ge Inte Conferences for the Pus
pese of Arguing on a Mesasure—The
idea of Legalizing Clearing House
Certificates Apparently Abandoned,

Wasnincton, Jan. 4.-On the eve of the”
reassembling of Congress the legislative
leaders find themselves ready to proceed
with conferences having for their purpose
an agreement on the terms of a financial
bill. Up to this time, however, no draft
has ‘been made of a measure which is likely
to have the approval of the leaders, and it
is evident that there must be much dis
cuseion and some compromise in the #e-
clusion of the conference room before a
bill can be put in such shape that it will
have a fair chance of being enacted into
law.

Whatever idea there was in the beginning
of legalizing the izsue of Clearing House
certifica tea hes been abandoned, apparently,
In the minds of some of those whose
opinions will count in the final adjustment

, of the currency problem it might be well

to utilize the Clearing House machinery
to carry the prospective currency act inte
| effect, such as having the Clearing House
‘determine whether a bank should be pers
' mitted to issue emergency notes and te
| what amount. m=
| It is suggested also thet no clearing house
' which represents an aggregate capital. in
the beaks for which it clears of leas than
| & @pecified amount, sey three million oF
four million dollars, should have the right
to guarantee the issue of emergency notes.
But there ia doubt among those who will
have a prominent part in freming the pro-
posed legiziztion whether there can be this
utilization of clearing howe mechinery,
and it would be far bevond the fact to say
that the matter has a good chance of being
adopted.

To those Congress leaders who are show-
ing an active interest in financial legislation
thé main feature of the proposed emergency
currency must be that it convey absolute
assurance to the country that it has all the
strength, legality and stability of United
States and national bank currency. There
seems to be general agreement that it
must not differ in size or appearance from
the present paper circulating mediums,
and that it must not be open to suspicion
that it is not as good as the paper money_
which comes from the United States Treas-
ury. It must also be as acceptable in Sad
Francisco as it would be in Chicago or New
York, according to the view obtainable
here in the best informed quarters, and not
have a merely local valuation, even by sug-
gestion, such as is the case with Clearing
House cértificates.

The statements that the currency bill
w provide for a tax on the new circula-
| tion as high as 7 per cent. is wide of the
| mark. There is a feeling that such a high
tax might have the effect of curtailing or
preventing necessary issues in times of
financial streas, and this of course is exactly
what the legislators are to avoid.

One of the questions which is bound te
give considerable perplexity to the framers
of the proposed legislation, according to
statements made here, is the determina-
tion of the character and soope of the #e-
curities which will be acceptable for the
issue of the emergency currency.

Certain State bonds, it is assumed, will be
satisfactory, but to what extent municipal
or railroad bonds will be regarded by the
framers of the legislation as sufficiently
stable is a long way from settlement, al-
though the indications are that their use
will be authorized by the bill which will
represent the concrete thought of the Con-
gress leaders. ._

Speaker Cannon, who before the holi-
days recess appeared to look coldly on any
financial legislation, has returned from
the West in a different state of mind. He
is now favorable to the passage of a cur-
rency bill and: would like it to be placed upon
the statute books as early as possible.

MONEY TO THE WINDS

Until a Policeman Calicd OM Piayfol Strane
ger’s Game of Snatch Grab.

A well dressed man wearing a diamond
ring and pin and a gold watch calied some
laborers about him on the new extension
of the island platform at the Manhattan end
of the Brooklyn Bridge last night and
pulling out a roll of money began to toss
bills into the air.

The scrambling workmen scattered when
Policeman Michael Broderick appeared.
Broderick rescued $12 in small bills,
made a grab for what was left of the roll.

“Let loose o’ that!” yelled the owner,
“You got to play snatch grab if you want
the rest.”

Broderick refu to let loose and the
man began to beat his own head ageinat
the iron railing. Broderick got it between
his legs and held him unti) another
man came. The man with the roll said
he was John Nilson, a laborer, 34 years
old, of 144 Fourth avenue. His appearance
did not tally with such a description. He
was locked up in the Oak street police sta-

| ARETHUSA AND STERLING SAIL, tion for intoxication.

| AN the Pacine
' Making Their Way South.

'
ment was informed to-day of the departure
| from Para for Pernambuco of the supply
| ship Arethusa, which recently had a small
| fire in her engineers’ storeroom. The
| fire caused only slight damage.

The Arethusa is the supply ship and tender
to the flotilla of torpedo boat destroyers
which is on ite way to the Pacific coast,

Bound War Vessels Now | th

Besides the $12 that Broderick picked up
ere was $35 left in Nilson’s roll. How

much the laborers got away with isn't
|  Wasuinoton, Jan. 4.—The Navy Depart- known. ' .

BAKER WILL CONTEST.

Harvard Authorities Start Matters by Agke
ing for Allewance.

Bostow, Jan.

in the Probate Court to-day asking that the

The Department was informed also of | will of Walter F. Raker of this city, who

' the departure of the collier Sterling from
Para for Rio,
GOULD HOUSEKEEPER DIES.

Miss Margaret Terry Had Been 81 Years
\ With the Family—87 Years Oid.

Margaret Terry, who had been in the

died ip Bogota, N. J., on October 27, be
allowed. A contest over the will of Baker
is assured by the petition.

Appearance for Mrs. Edward F. Baker
and her two children has been filed by

: Attorney J. K. Berry, who announces that

employ of the Gould family for thirty-one ;

yas. died yesterda
enews on attack
Miss He Gould, at 579 Fifth avenue.

Miss T was in her t ith
Bhe firet served i ee ton

of heart diewvos

for Mrs. Jay Gould.

Saath ia felt us

4».
.

} the validity of the will.
grip, at the home of |

ae

the deat of Mrs. Jay Gould Miss Terry Mr. Baker on the other.
Si Ne i bt eee ; ‘
re wet esteem

he will try to have the will upheld. Edward
F. Baker, a brother, has previously déanied
Hie counsel said
to-day that the attitude of Mrs. Baker amd
the children will be neutral and that the
contest will come between Harvard College
and the Hurds of Bogota on one side and

PRICE FIVE CENTS.
scumons vont 1CURRENCY BILL SOME TIME §

|

ng
4