Vol, LXVIL—NO, 15.

a TT

BULLER AGAIN IN ACTION?

REPORT FLOM DURBAN
48 KECKOSSED THE

THAT NE
ITUGELA,
Other Sources—His
Homes

More

Not Confirmed From
Pinn Said to Be to Reach Acton
and Mareh Due East-Country
Open There—hoportant Movement Ex-
pected Soon if It ls Not Already Under

Way- Ladysmith Garrison Reports That |

Firing by Boller’s Guns Has Been Heard,
Speetal Coble Lepateh to Tae Sun
Lonpoy, Veb. 5 -A despatch to the Central
News, dated Durbun, Feb. 4,5 P. M., says:
“Gen. Buller bus recrossed the Tugela River
@nlismarching on Ladysmith, Exactly where
he crossed is vot known, but it is known
that on Triday night he considered the proba-
bility of crossing at a spot above Trichardt’s
Drift and then going to Aeton Hommes, from
Ludysmith lies almost due
east Vie country between is fairly
opp, /t is learned that Mr. Walton,
ownerof the Spion Kop farm, who has been
Stopping in was sumone! a few
days ago to Spearman's Camp, Ile informed
Gen, Buller that there were two
fords, long unused, further up the river. It
1s probable that Gen. Buller one of
these.”
Beyond Gen, Lord Roberts’s despatch from
Cope Town regarding the aituation at Mafe-

which place

Durban,

drifta or

used

king. the War OMe has issued no infor-
mation concerning the progress of af-
fairs in South Africa. Tutercst’ is entirely

ecoucentrated in Gen, Bulier'’s movements, of
nt practically no
news of importance, except the Central News's
despateh from Durban stating that the British

wicehthe correspondents

are again across the Tugela River.

This despateh, though its
mide definitely and without reserve, reeeives
littic credit

borate it, but ind.eate thatup to Sunday

Other despatehes not only do not
corr
nigoat Gen, Buller bad not moved from Speare

man’s Camp

the Telgeaph's correspondent at Spear-
man's Camp, in a despatch dated Feb,
3% 8 TP MM. says “Gen. Barton has
been eannonading the Colenso lines from
Chieveloy, causing the Boers, who ap-
peared as usual, to retreat. To-day is

Our guns did no
cunvonading. The Boers are enjoying their
{uamunity attack be
Btrenethening their defensive works. I have
hot seen so many of the enemy along the
ridges in front of Potgleter’s Drift for a

quiet at Potgicter’s Drift

from They can seen

fortnight.’

Th correspondent, in a despateh
dated Teb, 4, G6 P.M. says: “There has been
The men

saine
no cannonading here are enthusi-
astic over the prospect of a speedy advance.”

desvatches dated

Other correspondents, in

 

Raturday, speak of the men as cagerly waiting

for

gages bad been held ity the censor and were

    

headvar Therefore, unless their mes-
forwarded dated the day of cabling, the Cen-
tral News correspondent must be mistaken,

Latysmith Sunday
“We were greatly cheered by hearing
We

A hellogram

Bil:
Luller’s guns herd at it again yesterday,

from on

co not know the result, butthe enemy is mass-
ing near Ladysmith again. They are also
moving another gun toward Spion Kop, We

@re quite ready if they contemplate another
attuck, All's well.’

It may be worthy of notice that no other
message refers to Gen. Buller’s guns fring on
Baturday.

The Cheonich’s correspondent at Ladysmith
heliographed on Sunday: “A report has
reached us that one brigade has crossed the
Tugela River.”

The foregoing {s all the news throwing any
light on the position in Natal, The ab-
Bence of any details of the movements
or arrangements of Gen. Buller's division,
fn conjunction with tho = silence of the
War OMeer, is takén” to mean
important operations are at least imminent, but
the Central News despatch is considered most
volikely. The suggested explanation {s that
the correspondent mistook Lord Dundonald's
reconnoissance of the westernmost drift for
an advance in force,

Despatches from Cape Town reiterate the
hope founded on rumors of fnereasing ani-
mosity between the Pree State and Transvaal
Doers.

The 7elegraph asserts that it has authority
for stating thatthe Boers planned, after tho
fuilof La tysmith, to send President Krigerto
Vurope to appeal to the powers, thinking that
the pathos of the veteran statesman's appear.
anes would not fail to have the desired effect.
Tadysmith not having fallen the Boers are
Dow awaiting asmaller definite success,

Attention is also beginning to be hopefully
drawn to the fact that the season for plentiful
grass on the veldt is appioaching ita close, As
the Boers do not possess dry fodder transport
ft is hoped that their fatal mebility will soon be
crippled,

The Central News correspondent at Durban
mai!s an account of a conversation bad by him
with a Lieutenant of the cruiser Thetis con-
corning the seizure of the German steamer
Herzog, tho censor having refusedto allow him
to cable it.

The Lieutenant, who boarded the Herzog,
saw acopy ins ead of the original manifest, It
wis an absolutely clean sheet. Nevertheless
the steaiwer was setzed and taken asa prize to

Durban, Capt, Seott, commander of the
port, released her on direct instructions
from Whitehall) There was not the small-
est pretence of @ search, though
it was eabled to Londen that the

vessel was released on account of there being
insu fficfent evidence against her. The Herzog
Succeeded in signalling a German warship
in Detngoa Bay as she passed that place
on her way to Durban that she had been
seized, with the result that the warship
cabled to Germany, whereupon 4 protest was
lodged in London before the prire reached
Durban,

 

ARTILLERY Tlii Vor

EFIICTIVE,

 

Boer Commandant says Not One in
British Shells Explode,

Ten
Speeva! Cacle Despatch to

Benin, Teb, 4.—Commandant
the Boer Army has written to a friend at
Magdeburg criticising Block's book, with
which he disagrees regarding the deadly effect
of modern artiliery, He saya; “Day before
yestorday we battered Buller and scarcely
flrod asingle shell. What the British use are
not worthy the name of cannon, Out of 100
shells fired by the British, not ten explode,
These create more vproar than damage.”

Commandant Albrecht admits that the Boer
artillery has failed by a long way to achieve the
results generally expected. He saya they fired
one hundred shells at the battle of Colenso,
and it is doubtful ifone hundred men wore In-
jured bythem. ‘The riflemen tn ten minutes
accounted for more men than did the artillery
fa ten hours,

HF Sts
Albrecht of

  

 

assertions are

that |

|
|
'
Otherwise the situation ia uachanged.”

YORK,

NEW

 

| EXAMPLE OF BRITISH BRAVERY, |

Hellograph Station Matntained on Splon

Kop During the Heavy Shell Fire,

 

From Tur Sun's Correspondent with Gen Baller’s
Fore: a,

Spranman's Camp, Feb. 3, 8:55 PL M.-Due |
ing the alurming of Spion Kop, Lieut. Martin
of the King's Own Regiment, with Signallers
Goodyear of the West Yorkshire Regiment, and

the

heliograph

the hill,
the

Lancashire

sta-
where
heaviest

Turner of
established a
on the
were

Lomac and
Regiment,

tion
they

| Snecial Cable Despatch to Taw Bus,
|

suminit of
exposed to
work

Wis most important, as their signalling con-

shell fire of the enemy, Their

necte:! both sides ofthe hill The hellograph
was knocked over three times by shells. Lieut,
Martin was called away early in the day to nt-
tend to other duties, but the men remained
throughout the day, performing their work in
the most heroic manner.

Among the Boers killed last week was Opper-
man, who was formerly head jailer at Pretoria,
but who was dismissed from that post after
Winston Churehill, the newspaper correspon-

' dont, made his escape from the jail there,

Johannesburg Paper Reports Quarrels
Among the Trooys Around Ladysmith.
Special Cable Lespaich to Tuk Sun

Caps Town, Feb, 3.—A copy of the Standerd

and Diggers’ News of Johannesburg, describing
the attack on Ladysmith on Jan. 6, has been
received here, After telling the story of tho
assault ou Wagon Hill and Cwsar's Camp, the
papersays that the charge of the Free State
troops proves that Ladysmith can be taken by
storm,

Meanwhile, according to the story, the heavy
| Boer guns thunder ftucessuntly against the be-
| sleged garrison. The Lurghers are weary of
{
|

i
| BOER BESIEGERS TIRING,
|
|

waiting for the garrison to surrender and are
picking quarrels with each other, They also

| eriticise their Generals and have disputes over
petty details of camp life,

Gen, Roberts Will Tarn Commandant Pre-
torius Over to Gen, Cronje.

Sperral Cable Deapatch to Tuk Sus
Cave Town, Feb. 3,-Gen, Lord Roberts, a

 

few days ago, informed the military authori-
ties at Pretoria that Commandant Pretorius of
the Transvaal Army had been wounded and
was a prisoner in the hands of tho British, and
that one of his legs had been amputated, He
added that he did not wish to detain so brave
an officer, ond asked where he should send
him.

A reply has been received asking Lord Kob-
erty to send him to Modder River, where he
can be turned over to Commandant Cronje,

| TO RELEASE WOUNDED BOER LEADER,
|
|
!
|
|

THE WAR,

|

| POP/'IS INTEREST IN

He Expresses Surprise That President
| McKinley Has Not Offered to Mediate,

 

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tuk SUN.
Rom, Feb, 4.—-The Pope to-day received
Mer. Spalding, Mishop of Peoria, His Holiness
| asked the Bishop what the feeling in America
was regarding the war in South Africa. Lfe
seomed surprised that President MeKtnley had
| not offered his good offices to the combatants,
audsaid that political reasous only had pre-
vented au offer of mediation by the Vatican,
|
|

DUKBAN NEWSPAPER SUPPRESSED,

 

Government Objected to Its Criticisins of
Gen, Buller’s Tactics,
‘pecial (able Deevaich to Tun Sey.
Dunpan, Feb, 4.—The Weekly Review has
been suppressed on account of its adverse
| oriticisms of Gen, Buller's tactics,

“omeof the men who were wounded inthe
battle of Splon Kop arrived here yesterday and
others are en route

It is veserted that the Boers refused to give
quarter to the Colonial soldlers, deliberately
shooting the founded as Uitlanders and there.
fore responsible for the war.

 

GEN, ROBERTS'S REPORT,

 

 

|
i
{
Says Mafeking Was Safe on Jan, 17 and in
| Cape Colony the Situation is Unchanged,
|
|
|
|

Special Cable Despat ato Tae Sun.
Lonpow, Feb. 4.—-The War Office has received

the following despatch from Gen, Lord

Roberts:
“Carn Town, Feb. 4.—Mafeking reported all

| well on Jan, 17. The trenches had been
pushed out toward the enemy's big gun bat-
tery, causing it to be vacated. The enemy has
now been pushed back on the northern, south-
ern and western sides, well out of rifle range.

 

FALSE

Official at New Boshof Announces the Cap-
ture of Roberts and Death of Buller.
Special Cab'e Despa'ch to Tae SUN

Mopper River, Feb. 3.—It has been learned
here that the Landdrost of New Boshof pub-
licly read on Jan. 20a telegram aa follows:

“Roberts is a prisoner. Buller has heen

killed, Nine thousand British have been
killed and 7,000 are prisoners, The British
also lost forty-eigh’ gans last Saturday.”

 

BOERS CAPTURE 45 POLICE,
Took Their Horses, 341 Rifles and Considers
able Ammunition,

Special Cable Despatch to Tue Bun,
Born Heap LaaGer, Lapysmit#, Feb, 2.—
Commandant Terreira, of the Vryheid district,

reportsthat he has captured eleven white and
thirty-four colored police, mounted and armed,
at Nqutu, near the Vryheid border. He took
all thetr horses, 341 rifles and considerable
animunition.

|
|
REPORT READ TO BOERS,

DESU/ TORY FIRE AT KIMBERLEY,

 

No Further Casualties Reported — Shops
Open and Cars Running.
Special Cable Despatch to Tag Sux

Kiunenvey, Feb. 3—Theenemy's dally shell-
{ng js extremely desultory. There have been
no further casualties,

The shops are open and cabs and tram cara
are running.

HAVANA TAXATION REVORMS,

Changes Suggested by Gen, Ludlew's Com-
mission Not Approved,

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tun Sus,
Havana, Feb. 4.—The Financa Commission,
ecousisting of Messrs, Conant, Casanova, Canclo
and Nodarse, which was appointed by Gen.
Ludlow to examine into and recommend

changes in Havana's system of  tax-
atioa, adopted a report yesterday which
urges 4 complete reassessment by a
board appointed by the municipality, Italso |
recommends ascheme to compe! the payment
of taxes by the forced sale of the property in
arrears, Every one admita the necveett y of re-
form in taxation, but the press complains that
these recommendations do not meet the eon-
ditions, The newspapers Oppore the forced
sale of property, and also Insist that property |
owners have direct ropresentatives on the
Board of Assessment,

The question opened up by the report will
have to be reviewed with reference tothe whole
island by the Finance Conimittee appointed
by Gen food, This committee Is just wetting |
down to work, The problem isa dificult one,
and Gen. Ludiow’s commission. has, at least, |
opened the question for general debate

Left a Dead Baby in Mr. Evarte’s Dooryard,

A woman got off a downtown Second avenue

ear at Fourteenth street yesterday afteraoon
and asked some boys where sho was. They
told her. Shoe walked over to William M.

| end of (ive days had spent $1,225

 

Evarts’s house at the northwest corner and
there the boys say #he threw a parcel over the
fenco, Then she got on an uptown car andthe
ys went in and got the bundle. It got t the
orgue later. It contained the body of ap in-
laut, born dead,

SHOT BY A BLUECOATS GUY,

NOT BY THE BLUECOAT— PISTOL PREEL
AND PLUGGED A FUGITIVE,

Fugitive Nad Called Out the Fire Depart-
mentto Help Him Turn Of a Hydrant,
and Over That, You May Belleve, There

Was a Ruction—-The Automatic Gun,

There was once a young reporter who wrote
that the injured man “received his wounds at
the hands of a revolver.” Policeman Henry
Haverkamp of the Leonard street station
turned ina teport yesterday afternoon that
was very much after that pattern, The re-
port explained how Haverkamp's revolver
happened to be ih his coat-tall pocket whilo
the policoman was chas!ng a@ man, and how,
though there were half a dozen people around,
the bullet that the revolver flred the moment
it struck the groand bit Uae fleeing man

This is tho story as told by everybody who
6aWw the oceurrenee excent the wounded man,
who isin the Hudson Street Hosp.tal and isu't
allowed to talk, and another
locked up, churged with Intoxication, Haver-
kamp says that early yosterday afternoon his
revolver fell through the worn Jining of his

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1900,-C(

 

’
|
|
|
|
|
|

~-se

at
YRI

  

POLICE BY WIRE,

Amusement of Mr, Starr When the Thiret Is
on Him of Nights,

When Fred Sterr feela lively he goes into a
drug store, calls “20-—-Spring” that's Polleo
Hea lyuarters-on the telephone and abuses
the police over the wire. It has happened a
dozen times, the police say, always a little after
lo’eiock in tho morning

The man at headquarters who says’ hello”
in response to Starr's call, hears something
like this:

“Why don't you send some cops up tothe
Tenderloing 1s wide open. Every ginmitl

on Seventh avenue ts dolng business and ita
ifter closing time, Can't you do anything
better for your saiary than wear out chairs in
Mulberry street?”

That fs only an expurgated version of what
the police guy Starr says. The frille that he
uses wonld stop the United states mall. The
lephone company complained to the police of
the ‘anguage Starr uses and asked for his

SCOLDS

 

urrest,

man, who is |

left hip poeket and got down into his trousers |

leg. Hecaugbt it through the cloth before it
got away, and with some diMleulty worked It
up through his trousers again auddrew it out
at his waistband, and then he put the pistol,
he says, in the tail pocket of his coat

Later in the afternoon he saw two men go
streaking down Harrison street on the wildest
kind of a run followed by four flre:nen, one of
whom carricda lighted lantern, another an
axe andathird a monkey Wreneh, Haver-
kamp jJolnedinthe chase, whieh brought up
with some suddenness at 28° Harrison street,

Where is the produces commission ple of
Krenrich & Crawford. When the policeman ar-

 

| rived he found the tremen and the other two

Neb in wn angry dispute,

‘The dispute had arisen because Capt Robert
R. Farrell of Fogine 27 doosn’t mean to be
made a fool of by anybody, About three min-
utes before the poileeman’s attention had been
attracted two men had run into the engine
house gasping appeals tor lielp quick

Capt. Farrel] thouwht that the inen bad been
drinking, but they Were evidently mueh traght-

 

      
     

ened and he wasted ngdime in asking :
thons, They said that help was wanted at 2
Harrison street. There is) a gus heater

Krenrich & Crawford's that is kept buruing al!
the time to keep the temperature even, and
one+ notso very long ago it started a fire, As
soon 48 Farrell heard the number of the store
he whirled about and eaded te the firemen
who were in sight on the engine house ff

“Freu,’ he catied, “get aun axe! Milly, get my
lamp, and light it! George, get a monkey
wrench! And come on, allot you.” He pushed
the stranger out of the door and said: “Now,
runt”

At the door of the store Capt. Farrell turned
around tothe men aud asked: “Where is that
@as meter?”

 

 

“What meter?’ asked the men in blank
amazement, :
“The gus meter!” mapped Farrell, im-

  

patiently, “that’s theo
of « fire.”

“There ain't no fire,” said one ofthe men,

“Then whatin thunder did you get me down
here for?” asxed the Ureman

“Weturned the hydrant on downstairs and
we couldn't turn it off.” said the man, “Come
down and fx it forus, won't you?”

Farrei! shook his fist unierthe man’s nose in
silent rage

“Water!” he gasped after a minute, “water!
You ran the legs off'n me to bring me up here
to turn olf the water?”

The man to whom he was talking resented
the vaptain’s tone and toldhimtotake tis fst
down. The captain said he wanted to see the
man that could make him take bis Mst down,
The man_also had a jantern which was
lighted) He swung it at the captain's he
the captain warded off the blow and the te
glanced off and smashed the lighted lar
the captain's hand. The captain br hia
confession Was Qbouttoiwake ellective use of
what was ‘eft of tho lan ern on his eneniy’s
head when he cauehts ghtofthe approaching
polleeman out of the tall of his eye

“Say, he shouted to Haverkump,
you to lock these men up for me,”

he man turned and ran. His companion
dodged across the strect and disappeared
Havercamp chased the man who had struck

way fo stop that sort

  
  

    

"I want

 

 

| Capt. farrell. He ealled on the tan to come

back, and was Janghedl at tor his pai Then,

says Maverkamp’s report, the exertion of re-
'

doubling bis speed to cateh the man put such
astrain on his coat that it fewopen, The re-
volver jumped out of the tail-pocket, struck the

  

 

 

sidewalk und shot the inan. Capt. Farrel!
heard the shot but said thar he did not at the
j time understand what caused it, he
and the other firemen lost. all her
dvsira to e@ontinue the chase Haver-
kamp kept on ound soon caught hin.

He found that the man, Who was William L
Moore of 246 Fast 120th street, had been struck
inthe side bya bullet that had mace a slignt
flesh wound, Atambulance was eailet trom
the Hudson Street Hospital and Moore was
taken there a prisoner. The surgeons said
thatthe wound was not serious, The charge
of assanult Was made agaiust Moore by Capt
Farrell.
Edward Lieb. was hunted up by the police and
was locked up on a charge of disorderiy con-
duct and intoxieation. Capt, Farrell and the
three firemen who were with him say that
Havenkamp’s report of the way Moore is
shot was in accordance with the facts

MARRLED BETWHEN PLAYDAYS,

 

 

 

Uead Amazon Weds Leading Comedian
Spite of Lingermg Messengers,

Afteru considerable delay Alexander Clark
(De Lange’, comedian of the “Round New York”
Company which reopens to-day at Koster &
Bials’, und Amy Ashore Boyd ,who leads the
Amazon march in the same performance, were
married yesterday al(ernoon in the rectory of
the Little Church Around the Corner, by the
Kev, Mr. Houghton, The couple, who have
been contemplating inatrimony for
weeks, decided to get marnmed on Saturday,
but fate intervened tn the shape of a messenger
boy. Misa Boyd didn’t want to get married
without the consent of her mother, who lives
fn Harlem, and the meesenger took so long
getting there and back that "he time for the
evening performance had come and the wed-
ding had to be postponed.

So yesterday they tricd again after the morn
ing rehearsal and sent another messenger, This
messenger was al-o slow, and after waiting for

several

 

 

two hours the wedding party set out for the
ectory to be married anyway. But bere [ate
ntervened again The brde said she was

under I& years old, and the rector wouldn't
pertorm the ceremony without the written
consent of the mother. Moreover, he had
anothes wedding ceremony to perform in hal!
an bour, and aiterthat a chureh service, The
little crowd that made up the wedding party
made bets on the result.

After twenty minutes of waiting the bride's
other and sister appeared, and ten minutes
Ries Miss Boyd was Mrs, De Lange. As the
wedding party left the rectory they met onthe
ateps the orher wedding party, which was about
fifteen minutes late, coming in. Among those
resent were the Misses Leahand Amy Angeles,
oseph Herbert, Ulrie B Collins, Harry Keily,
Horace Thrum, Sadie Nelson and William
Campbell,

TIME WITH STOLEN

Detroit's Thieving Bank Messenger Cut a
Big Swath in Chicago,

Derrort, Mich., Fob. 4.—Young Ginnan, the
Detroit Savings Bank messenger, who ou last
Monday stole $1,300 while ho was temporarily
{uo charge of the cash, was arrested in Clricago
and brought back to this city. Plied by the
detectives, he told. what he did with
the money, only $75 being found on
him when arrested. In Chicago he stopped
at the Grand Pacifle Hotel, engaging a
high-priced room. He gave the clerk $1,000
to keep and then started out to see the town,
Some women took him to an opium den and
a Japanesetheatre, [none place he ordered a
bottle of wine and, by a system of repeating,

GAY MONEY,

 

was inade to pay for the same bottle
fifteen times-a total of $75 In an-
other place his wine bil was &{¥),

When he went froin place to place he took a
carriage and the least he thought of pay ng
the driver was $20, He ti pec bell boys and
turtenders at the rate of : each, and at the
He posed in
Chicago as Tod Sloane “out for alark.”’ He
was the only son of a widowed mother who is
heart-brokea over Ais escapade,

Killed in the Central Fretght Vard.

A man about twenty years old was run over
and killed at 5:30 o’clock yesterday morning in
the New York Central freight yard at Fortieth
street and Eleventh avenue. The body was
taken to the Morgue, Thomas Walsh, the
conductor of the train which Killed the man,
was paroled by Coroner Bausch, pending an
inquest,

\iout 1 A. M, yesterday there came a ring on
the ta'cphonesin the operators’ room at Pos
lice Headquarters, and Operator Lonigan, list-
ening at the receiver, exclaimed to Henry, his
side-partner: “Dello, here's Starr.”

Henvy, also listening on the wire, heard the
following couversation, with additions which it
is hot destratle to print:

“What is it to-night?” asked Lonigan,

“Here's a aa.oon ng business wide open
right across the way,and [want you to send
sole men to put it.”

“Where are you?

“At drug store at
Seventh avende” %

“Allright.” said Lonigan, “Wait there awhle
and you will see the men pull the place,’

Meantime, Honry cabled up the West Thirty.
sever hi street police station on uo separate
Wire and asked them tosend s me one around
tothe place where Stare was apd arrest him,
Detective: Perkins got him, and) later in the

 

 

 

 

 

Thirty-third street and

| morning Magistrate Olmstead fined him $15,

WILt DIR FROM A PLAYFUL POKE,

A Jab in the Back With an Umbrella Pro-

duces Blood Poisoning.

Samue! G, Pag'ey, an insurance broker of

50 Howard avenue, Brooklyn, was arrested
early yesterday morning at his home ona
complaint made at the Hamburg avenue
poties station by Dr. FL G. Winter of 18

Patchen avenue, who said that George Ala-

IT. 1900. BY THE

“i

SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION,

ss ee

   
    

 

QUIZ EX-CONSUL MACKUM,

 

REPORTERS TRY IN VAIN 70 LEARN
WHY WE LEFT PRETORIA,

 

He Intimates That He Will Have Something
to Tell After He Has Reported to the
Won't Say if Me Bears
McKinley.

State Department
a Letter From Keneger to

Charles Everson Macrum, former United
States Consul-General at) Pretoria, whose
res'gnation, almost at the outbreak of hostili-
ties between Great Britain aud the Boers,
mado much talk inthis country, arrived here

| yesterday with his wife and daughter on the

 

/ anawer

| against Gre

Amerioan Line steamer St. Paul, Sinvo he left

| Lorengzo-Marques on Dee, 10 last Mr. Marcum

has persistently refused to be interviewed, al-
though, as he putit himself yesterday, be has
been “hounded by newspaper correspondents
from Port Said to New York.” Mr, Maeruim was
still Inclined tosilence yesterday, although he
hinted of great things that he would be pre-
pared to say after he bad visited Washington
und reported to the State Department,

Mr. Mavrum was asked to say something
about the situation in Pretoria when he left
that city, This was abont the Mftieth question
put to him, all the rest of which he had refused

toanswer, Hethought the question over for
awhile and then remarked that he couldn't see
his way @ ear to talking about Pretoria at all

“How about Johannesburg?” put in a man
whe was standing near by,

“Ob suid Mr, Macrum at ones, “things there
are going on the same as usual, despite the
war, Business isthe same; in faet, Pdon’tthink
war has made a bit of dileroenea there.”

“Whatdothe Boers think of their chances
t Britain? asked a reporter,

Now really,’ said Mr. Maerum, “that is
another matter, about which Tam not at liberty
totalk at the present tine, You must not ask
tie questions like these, because TP will not
them. No, air, P will not answerthem,
andthe man does vet live who can worm any-
thing out of me that [do not want to teil.”

Some one asked him why he threw up bis
postatsuch atime, Mr, Macram said that he
Wasnt gong totell anvbody why he threw up
his job unless he wanted to, and that at: pres-
ent he doesn't Care to make his reasons pul.
he. Then some one asked Mr. Macrnm about
Canon Farmer, who has been quoted tn a@ num.
ber of Smerican pewspapers as saying things
not exsetly complimentary to the former Cone

 

 

| sul-tienoral at Pretoria,

millooa Cuban cigarmaker, was dying at his
home, 182) Hamburg avenue, from injuries
received at the hands of Bagley Alas
millo and Bagley are —oold friends, |
Or the afternoon of Jan. 20 the
men met in a saloon at Fulton street
and Flatbush avenue As they were about
to leave the place Alamillo leaned over

th: bar to whisper to the bartender
a plauytul mood jabbed the point of

Baugiey in
an umbreiia

   

  

into the Cnban’s back The wound pained
Viamiio tora while, tut he thought nothing of
ituucdil be reaghed bis home, When the path
beeome intense and caused him to uppy a
poultice, A week ago A llo’s wife called in
Dr Wonter. He discovered symptoms uo! blood
polontug and Alamillo explained what bad
| happened Aiainiiio continued to get Worse
andoon Saturday night he became delirious,
De. Winter told the police that in his opiniou
the Cuban was going to die
Hhugley was taken to Alamillo's bedside, |
Alamitioidontifted him as the person who hal

1" , The
The man who had been with Moore, !

; tion bas been discussed

jniiieted the injury ant vegged that the police
should not detain bin

Canon Farmer,” said the questioner, “says
thot you wave up your post because you were
afraid of your kin aso Bavs that you
sabithat there were 5,000) Americans ino the
Transvaal that the United States were well
rid of,and he bas added to that @ statement
thatrhe only exhibition of decision that
ever gave during your entire stay in Pretoria,
was When you decided to give up your post.”

Mr. Macrom bristled up atthe frst mention
of Canon Farmer's name, and looked as though
he would |ike to say a great many things, but
ho restrained bimeelf and remarked, as to
everthing else, thatthe time for him to talk
hatnot come yet. Inan effort to show him
that the tite for bim to talk) bad come, a
hewspaperclipping was shown to him in which
an officer of the Administration was quoted as
saying thathe was no lounger attached to the
St: Department

“That may be that offlelal’s opinion,” said

    

Mr. Macrum, “but it is notimine. [ consider
myself an offleer of the State Department
) until l reach Washington. Iam goingstraight

eis my tmend,” said the dying man, “ond
Texonerate him trom all blatae Tknow that
he didit ina spiritof tun and Fdo not want |
anything to happen to him,
Bagley was arraigned in the Ewen street

police court, and Magistrate Kramer commit.
ted him in default of $1,500 bail pending a
hearing to-day

PAPLOSION OF NITRO-GLYCERINE,
Two Magazines, Containing 8,20 Pounds,
Near Wellsville, N. ¥., Blown Up.

Borivar, N.Y, Peb. 4.—Two storage maga-

| Franee? Have you a similar letter from
| dent Kroger to President McKin'e

zines located on the Stout farin, six miles east |
| Jects at the present time.’

of Wellsville ntatning 3.200 pounds of nitras
exploded a few minutes after 8
ist night with a report that was heard
and thought to be an earth.

 

glycerine,

 

‘

 

forty miles away,

 

 

quake, Both magazines were bullt of hemlock
and both vanished in a cloud of (vst
and smoke The largest mugazine was
ownel by the Rock Glycering Company of
Bradford, Pa und contained S20 quarts,
Thesinallerone Was owned by the Dennay!-
vania Porpedo Company of Bradford and held
120 quarts of nitro-glyeertne. The flash was
piainiv Visible in Wellsville. A house located a

  

thou Lleet ow vas badly jarred, the aqoors
torn froin the hinges and windows blown out
Where the big macazine stood there is a hole
in the frozen earth five feet deepand forty feet
across) Not asplinterof either miagazit re.
mains, Rocks that weighed 000 pounds were
Lup and curried 200 feet away, A hoo as
clean us if made by a Manser bullet was red
through # mapie tree that stood bearby, either
by a rock or a plece of gaspipe

George burdiek, ap employee who looks after
the Kock giycertne magazine, visited it early
inthe morning and found evervthing all right.
theory
ploded first and the concussion set off the big
mieazine. The expiosion is charged to de-
fective heating of the small magazine, As the
mMogazines Were in an isolate | spot and no one
hear by, there Were no casualties

 

 

    

   

PHONETIC SPELLING BARRED,
The University of Chicago Overturns a De-
cision of Its Printing Authorities,

Cricaco, Feb. 4.—The innovation of pho.

netic spelling at the University of Chicago will
not be made at present. The University
Seuate yesterday vetued the action of the Ad-
ministrative Board of the Vuiversity Press in
dechding to adopt for use in the university
publications the National Educational Associ-
of twelve words inthe abbreviated
The phonetic spelling ques-
by professors at the
university for some time. The Board of the
University Press took the action for the inno-
vation several months ago, The changes of
spelling contemplated wero: Program for pro-
gramme, tho for though, altho for although,
thoro for thorough, thorofare for thoroughfare,
thru for through, thruout for throughout, eata-
log for catalogue, proiog for prologue, decalog
for decalogue, demagog for demagogue, peca-
gog for pedagogue.
‘The official publications and journals pub-
lished by the University Press inelude anim.
mense amount of current literature ‘The
action of the Press Board was sucha radifeal
step that Jen ting members of the university
cousmregation asked the board not to put itinto
operation until it had been discussed, ‘the
vote was close, being 20 to 16 This ae-
tionof the congregation attracted atrention
over the country. Thousands of newspaper
Yippings from allecities and States have been
sent to President Harper, in whieh the untver-
sitv has been ridiculed The Senate took up
the question yesterday with the result above
noted, It is the highest and most exclusive
body of faculty members,

 

 

alion's list
phonetio spelling

 

FATAL CHASE AFTFR A DAUGHTER,

Somerville Man Found Dying Beside the
N. J. Central Railroad Tracks,

SomenviL_E, N,J., Feb. 4.—Frederick Barto,
an old and respected citizen of this place, is
dying at his home on New street from wounds
received under strange circumstances, About
midnight last night Barto had an altereation
with a young man who was calling on his
daughter. The girl and the young man left
the house and the old man, who is a eripple,
started after them. He saws them
waik down the tracks of the Central

Railroad in the direction of the station. A
short tine afterward he was found bya brake-

; man oftretght train No, 242 lying by the sice

|
|
|
'
|
|

of the track with hie skull crushed,
Theodore Haurtasell of the freight train says that
he is positive he didnot hit Barto. The police
believe that Barto elther fell againat the
moving train or was pushed against it inastrug-
gie. Miss Barto remained away from her home
all night and returned early this morning. She
lefthome again without making a statement
in regard to the case,

Engineer

Mrs. Emily Everett 101 Years Old.

Campripor, Mass, Feb, 4.-Mrs, Emily
Everett of 25 Berkeley street, Cambridge, will
observe to-morrow the 101st anniversary of
her birthday, She was born tn Haverhill on
Feb. 4, 171%), and was the daughter of the Rev.
Abie! Abbott, DD. She lived for a time Ip
Hallowell, Me, Beveriy and Dorchester, but
has resided in Cambridge since 1445, In 1824
she was married to the Rev. Stevens bverett
of Harvard aud there wera four children, two
daughters and two sone, of whom one son how
survives,

| Transvaa

is that the small magazine ex. |

 

| him since Dee, 16 to get home

to Washington from here to report, and when
that cerersony ia ove’, I shall be at liberty to
say Whit I choose.’

“It was enbled tothts country that you met
Dr. Leyds, the Europenn agent of the Trans-
veal, in Paris or Brussels, by appointment,”
asked a reporter, “Is that tru

“Many thiras come over the eable that are
Sand many things reach this country by
@ routethatore nottrue, [ve
ther to deny or affirm what comes over
the cables.”

“Is it @ fact that you brought a letter from
President. Kriger to President Loubet of
Presi-

  

 
     

ye
“Lt have nothing to sayon any ot these sub-

Mr. Macrum was asked about another state-
men! that has been published, tothe effect that
he gave up hia pluce under the United States
Government to tike employment under the
Government. He refused to give
any answer at all fo this question
efforts to get him totalk were equally futile,

Mr. Macruin was inthe Transvaal just eighe
teen morpths and all of that time but two or
three days was spentin Pretoria, ithas taken

 

SYMPATHY

said to Have Openly Expressed That
ing After Leaving Pretoria,

Specta

WACKUM'S WITH BOERS,

Feel-

¢ Despatch to THe Sus

Loxpow, Feb The correspondent of the
Doily Mailat Pietermaritzburg says a rellable
informant tells him that he travelled from Pre-
toriato Loronvo Marques in the same railway
carriage with Mr. Macram, the retiring Ameri-
can Consul at Pretoria, who openly expressed
sympathy with the Boers

He stated that he was going to
United States to receive instructions,
that he would return to Pretoria

     

the
and

TWO HEARSES BLOCK) D BRIDE'S WAY,

Wedding Party Turned a Corner to Come | tho shore and efforia were nade to break a |

Upon a Double Funeral.

There was a great crowd around two hearses
in East Thirteenth street yestordey afternoon,
At 825 had lived Elen Matthews and her
husband, !dward, a stationary engineer, with
thelr daughter Anus, a sehool teacher, and a

son Philip, astudent. Mrs. Matthews died on
Tuesday and on Friday her husband died, ap-
parently from grief, When the two eoffins
were carried down tothe street the daughter

  

) Anna fainted as she was getting Intoacarnage

  

The funeral procession wentto the Chureh of
the Holy Nativity, seeond avenue aod Third
street, The crowd in Thirteenth street was
stil waiting when the funeral party, headed by
the two hearses abreast, returned through the
streeton the way to Calvary Cemetery,

The procession had just turned intothe street
from Second avenue, going west, when, with
Achorus of shouts announcing their approach,
four more carriages turned the same corner
The carriages contained an Italian wedding
party and the (drivers were shouting and
whipping their horses while the oeeupants
were laughing and shouting jovously.

The bride, who was distinguishable by her
white satin gown, leaned out of the window of
the first carriage, epparentiy to see what the
crowd had gathered there for and when she
sawthe hearses she screamed and withdrew
her head from the window The wedding
party dashed rapidly past the funeral proces.
sicn and turned out of the way at First avonue,

 

ENGIAND AND THE ISTHWUS CANAT,

The Report That Great Britatn) Would
Withdraw Her Interests Is Not Contirmed.

 

Wasntxoton, Feb, 4.—No information ob-
tainable to-night confirms the report from
London that Ambassador Choate telegraphed
to Washington yesterday a proposition male
by Great Britain looking to the withdrawal of

her Interest in the Isthmian canal guar-
anteod by the Clayton-Bulwer— treaty in
return for. concessions from the United
States. Officials here say that they do not

know of any despatch on the subject from Mr
Choate. Lhe report creates surprise, as the
State Departinent has repeatediy denied that
any negotiations looking to the abrogation of
the Clayton: Bulwer agreement were in prog-
ress. Kecent statements that Lord Puunes-
fote of Preston, the British) Ambassador
here, and Seeretary Hay have had Interviews
on the subject were denied in the most positive
terms. It is said here that if England has
made anv proposition concerning the Nicara-
gua Canal and the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, it
is probable that the British Government. wil!
offer no objection to the construction of the
canal by the United States Government, if ite
neutrality is guaranteed,

Forty-four Mormon Elders Meet in South
Carolina,

Corumnta, 8. C,, Feb, 4,—Forty-four Mormon
elders, working In South Carolina, met here

to-day. President Anderson of the Southern
mission feld made an address,
There were, he suid, 1400 Mormons in

South Carolina and 10,000 in eleven Southern
states, ‘hey had believed in polygainy.
as the South had believed in slavery
Like the South, they had fought for what they
believed In, had lost and surrendered, not their
privelples, but their teachings, Three sessions
were held to-day.

From 7 A, M. to Midnight.

There is a through train every hour leaving Grand
Cautral Station by the Now. York Central, Two:

 

cent inile, tickets are , © iMunsuated
by Pinted Dhesae good, Tralus illu

 

| the water was about seven feet deen,

you |

| Jake

got no |

All further |

Rain or snow to-day, followed by

> ,

 

 

SPECTATORS SHOT AT RULLYIOHN,

Several Seriously Injured Bull Kills Pan-
ther, Lioness and Bear,
Special Cable Despith to Tar Bus,

Lowpox, Fob. 5.—A cespateh tothe Standard
from Madrid says that a disgraceful Beene oc-
ourred in the bull ring there yesterday, Twelve
thousand spectators witnessed @ stray
tween aemall panther, an old Honess, @ large
bear anda powerful bull, The bull soon terri-
bly gored the panther and Voness. The bear
guvethe bull more trouble It received seve
eral territie toxsings and a number of bad
wounds, from which the blood flowed freely,
before it gave in,

The apectstors were 80 enthusiastic over tho
bull's victory that they scarcely noticed the
reports of a gun fred by a keeper to goad the
beasta when at first they did not show fight.
Twenty persons, however, hurrtedly Jeft one of
the galleries. Several of them were seriously
wounded by elugs. One lost both eyes and
another one eve, The keeper was arrested,

The three gored animals died only after
many hours of suffering.

 

le be-

 

 

FILIPINOS ATTACK LEGASPL

iburbs, but an American Garri-
son Holds the Town.
Spretol Cable Despatch to Tar 80m

Manina, Feb. 4.-The steamer Viscaya, which
lately sailed hence for Legaspi, returned toe
day, having been unable to land her cargo ow-
ing to the situation there, The natives bad at-
tacked aud burned the suburbs of the town,
and the town itself was deserted,

A battalion of the Forty-seventh Regiment,
which is doing garrison duty at Legaspi, re-
pulsed the rebels. No report has been made
concerning the American losees, if there were
any.

  

Burn the

PUIS A ChOWD

Goes to Another's Rescue in Crotona Park
Lake When Every One Else Hung Back.

While skating on the Jake in Crotona Park,
yesterday afternoon nine-year-old Walter Hoy
of Jennings street and Union avenue, in The
Bronx, tumbled into a hole in the fee, The
hole was about twenty feet from the shore and
Walter
floundered about trying to crawl out anda
crowd gathered near, but although everybody
Was profuse in suggestions to him as to how
to get out, noone went to his ass{stance until
Robert Burrows, a lad who lives at 176th street
and Prospect avenue, ceme Hone,

‘What's the matter with you all?” he asked
“Are you afraid?”

He plunged into the water beside Hoy and
gotthe boy to the edge of the ice, but could
not get bim upon it. Then John F. Condon,
an instructor in athletics, of 140% Washington
avenue, went to che rescue, He plunged in
beside the pairand in @ short time had both
out on the ice and followed them himself. All
three arrived safely at the opposite shore of the
Hoy was taken to a drug store and stim.
ulunts were given to him before he started
home

Afterthe reseue so large a crowd gathered
on the ice that It began to erack dangerousiv,
and the police stopped skating on the lake for
the day

BOY TO SHAME,

Tut REV, P. J. IROTTOW RESIGNS,

 

Divorce Scandal in His Congregation Pats
an Ead to His Labors,

Lancaster, Pa. Feb. 4.—The Rev, Perey J.
Robottom, reetor of St. James Episcopal
Chureh, has tendered hia resignation to the
vestry to take effect at Faster. He will con-
tinue his clerical labors In the West. His resig-
nation ends the threatened rupture in the
congregation, a large faction having de-
manded his retirement, because his name had
been connected with a scandal that has. re-
suited in Joseph Brientnalla trolley ear condue-
tor, entering divorce proceedings against his
wite, The Brieutnalls were members of st.
James Church, The church vestry recently dee
manded their rector’s resignation, but he de-
elired his innocence of ail charges against him,

| which included extravagance, non-payment of

debts and too free use of atimulants. He had
announced his purpose to flaht the battle to
the end and his resignation caused great sur-
prise.

TOOK A FATAL sSuorRT CUT,

Two Sag Harbor Men Lost Through the Ice
of Litthe Narrows.

Sac Hanpor, L. 1, Feb. 4.—Several hundred
villagers to-day tried vainly to reeover the
bodies of Churles Berdam and William

|
|

clearing and colder,

———

PRICE TWO CENTS.

———— ee

QUIET DAY TN FRANKFORT,

THO SHOOTINGS OF MINOR IMPORe
fives TPAcY #tTIENTION,
the
Son rick
Prayers to the @hurches tor
Lon Walker Released FP n Cape
tivity Gen. Castleman Co Ke-
Adjutant-General Temporarily
Goebel's Body to Be Taken to Covings
The Meetings

One Was a Row Between Relatives -In
Other the
Watt

Pence

Mayor's shot om

 

sents to

 

come

ton London Legisintive

Frankvontr, Ky., Feb. 4--The almost unte
versal oxpression In this part of Kentucky toe
day was: “It's lucky it's Sunday.” With all
theirseeming disregard for human life and with
thoir semi-barbarous ways of settling argue
ments, politicaland otherwise, with shooting
frons or bowle knives, Kentuckians have @
respect for things sacrea that leads them to go
tochurch on Sundays, to stay at home after
chuich and to respect the day of rest eves
more faithfully than it is respected in New
York, True, they don't leave their shootings
irons or their knives athome when they do g@
out, and they don't cease to talk about them te
any extent, but it takes more provocation, as@
rule, to cause the use of these weapons on the
Lord's Day than it does on week days.

Kentuckians say: “Of course, there'll always
be some shooting.” This was said to-day
after two little affairs had been reported. The
first occurred about church time. Morgaa
Brawner met his cousin, Will Murray. Brawe
ner isa Goebel Democrat and a place holden
and Murray is a Taylor Republican and a fore
mer place holder, Morgan's grief over the
death of Willlam Goebel was genuine, He met
Murray after having been on duty a large part
of the night at the Capitol Hotel, where the
body of Mr. Goebel still ies, and he said to hims

“Will, you have got to go to South Frankfore
and see our aunt and tell her Taylor is no good
and you can't stand for him.”

“T would not Ike to do that, Morgan.” sald
Murray

“Well, you got to come, that’s all there {s
about it,” said Brawner, and Murray started
with him across the bridge to South Frankfort
They went atlock orso, Up the street was an
alley, and Murray thought he saw a chance to
escape, £0 he started ona run up the alley,
Brawner stood still for a moment and then
yanked out his revolver and plugged two shots
afterhim. Murray stumbled and fell forward
on his face

He's winged, he got him!” exclaimed @
crowd which had stopped on the way to church
to see the fncident. Brawner was just putting
up bis gun when Murray scrambled to his feet
and started on up the alley. Brawner gave an
exclamation and whipped out the gun again,
Bang, bang, bang, bang sounded the four ra.
maining shots inthe revolver. Again Murray
tottered and fell flat on his face, This time Re
was right in front of a window where a young
wonian Visitor to the city was sitting

“He got him this time!” exclaimed the erowd
back of Brawner, The young woman visitor
Jumped up from the window with a scream and
began to pack her trunk,

"This is too tough for me." she said, “I’m
going home,”

Murray Jay where he had falien for a minute
or two and agein serambied to his feet and
made off ike adeer, The crowd near Brawner
just Jooked at him aod went on. Brawner
snupped the tr of his guy once or twice
and then sadly returnedittothe inside lintng
of his trousers, The shooting was heard by

 

 

| the provost guard and men hustled across to

Thomasson, who were drowned about 10:80 |

| the boy was run down,

|

o’elock in the morning after breaking through
the ice on a strip of water known as Little
Narrows. The men went clamming carly in
the morning on the Point and after filling their
baskets started homeward, With a view to
taking ashorteut, they attempted to cross the
ice on Litthe Narrows. They were about one
hundred and tity feet from shore when the ive
gave way beneaththem, Their eries for help
were heard on shore anda rescuing party tried
to reach them, burl was unsuccessful, Bouts
also were pushed ontin the open spaces along

way tothe meo, but when they succeeded in
opening a path the men had disappeared,

 

KILLED DODGING A TROLLEY CAR,

VFive-Year-Old Boy Had Been Warned, but
Ran in Front of One,

 

An Eighthavenue ear going south through
Hndsou street struck Pddie Hasey,5 yearsold,
yesterday afternoon and hurt himgo that he
died a fow hours later in Rt, Vincent's Hos-
pital, The boy lived at 50 Dominick street,
and his porents thought he was old enough to
look out tor bimself in the street. He had
been warned to look out tor the tro!ley cars,
but tried to run across the street in front of
this one. Iefore the motorman, could stop it
Michnel Dempsey, the
motorinan, Was arrested and locked up,

VICTIM OF CHRISTIAN

St. Louis Woman Dies After Refusing to
See a Physician,

Sr. Louis, Mo,, Feb. 4.—Christian Sclence is
sald to be responsible forthe death of Mrs
Kate Stoeppel werk, a widow, 44 years o'd, who
died yesterday afternoon. The autopsy to-day
showed that had a physician been called and
anoperation performed her life might have
boon saved

Tho woman was suffering from hernia ond
was a firm believerin Christian Belenes. On
Triday, when her inother-in-law wished to
suminon a physician, she refused to see one
Prof, ‘Teutenberg aud his wife, Christian
Relontists, are eald to have had Mrs, Stoenpele
werk in charge, She was sick three weeks

ANOTHELL'S,

SCIENCE,

 

Tearful Visitor to a Man Unexpectedly
Locked Up for Abandonment,

Fdward Brendel, engineer and janitor in the
apartment house at 410 Weat End avenue, was
arrested on acharge of abandonment made by
his wife Mary, About two hours after he had
boon Jocked up in the West Sixty-eighth atrect
olice station two Women went to see bim
The younger of the two wept and declired at
first that she was sure he was not married
When she went away, however, she was peant
saying to hercompauion; “That's all the reii-
auee you can put on the word of a man.”

 

SICK MOLINEUX JUKOR ALL

Will Go to Court To-day to Resume
Duties at the Trial,

The wife of Manheim Brown the juror in the
Molineux case who has been {ll, and on ae.

count of whom the trial haa been delayed, said
Inst night that her husband was so much
better that he would surely be able to wo to
court this Morning to resumo his duties in the
jury box

RIGU),

Brings More Coffee From Santos.

The British steamship Mozart, which ar-
rived yesterday with a cargo of coites, is de-
tained at quarantine for disinfection because
of the bubonic plague at Santos, whence shi
sailed on Dee, 20. The colfee will be dis-
charged into lighters

fhe Mozart passed on Saturday off the Vir-
winla coast the revenue cutter Onondaga
searching for the derelict aehooner Charles B,

et LO destroy ber or tow her into harvor.

eee

South Frankfort, but when it was found that
Murray had escaped nothing was done, As
the men were cousins it was regarded as @
family quarrel in which outsifers had no right
to interfere,

The second shooting of the day brought out
a company of militia, beeause it) happened
within hearing distance of the soldier cainp ia
Capitol Square, Diek Dehoney, the son of the
Mayor of Frankfort, was on the warpath,
Whenthe shots were heard (he Ored twice) a
company of militia was quickly hustled out of
the grounds anc up the street on atrot. They
found that Dick Dehoney had fred two shote
into a brick wall, The police got him before
the soldiers and took him to headquarters for
safe-keeping, the advice of leading citizens
being, “If he ain't taken care of to-day he's

| liable to hurt somebody before night.” One of

Dehoney’s friends was asked what was the dee
fence for such pistol practice, and he replieds

“Selt-defence, of course; the wall was going
to fa'}on him.’

These two incidents were the most exciting
of the day's clash, because it was Sunday.
Outside of them the town was quiet as a coune
try village. The streets were almost deserted,
A drizzling rain kept those who were out from
standing longin one place, and so there was
no crowd anywhere. The lobby of the Capttol
Hotel was the only p'ace in the city where
there was uny gathering out of the ordinary,
That place was filled all day with the friends of
the dead Senator, Many of them came from
out of the city, All those who hed had a speaking
acquaintance with him orwith the members of
his family were admitted to the room where
his body was, and there were many pathetle
scenes in the hotel during the day, During
church hours the crowd at the hotel was very
small,

 

VREACHERS PLEAD FOR PEACE,

In every church in the city the services for
the day were irregular. The preachers omitted
their doctrinal sermons and lectured on the
virtues of peace. They pleaded withthe mem-
bers of thelr congregations to drop thetr flery
spiritsandto conse their violent contentions,
They pictured the horror of bloodshed and
spoke forthe upholding of the law and matne
tenance of order, Without exception they
spoke of the assassination of Senator Goebel
and some of them eulogized him. They all
spoke kindly of him and deplored his
taking off. Finally they advised every man,
woman and chtid to stay at home until the
political troul!es were all enced, unless come
pelled by business to leave their homes,
and if thus compe tod, they satd that the eltte
gens must avoid arguments in the street or
elsewhere, Ifanvone soughttogetthom intoaga
arzumentthey wereto go awevy and sink thelr
opinions if necessary, These talks of pastors
were such as were never fore heard in Kene
tucky churches, aecording to the Kentacktans
whobeard them. At the uston of the talk
the pastors prayed for peac tin several of

 

  

the churches they called uy leading menin
thee mtopray in *hurel there
were ten privers offered t ivmen in cdefore
ence to thi . The ehurch services were
discussed at reth atthe hotel

One of the toost seri sea for the exe
peetation of trouble in Frankfort was rem ved
atjyustabout the hour tha urch was over,
Lon Walker, the stenographer, who nat f
notice of the injgunetion procéedings on the

office and who

deor of the Governor's pris

was promptly nabbed by the militery authori
ties and locked up in the Senate chamber with
a whole company of seidiers to wateh him,
walled into the corridor of the hotel, On Sate

vrday lute in the afternoon, County Judge
Moore tssued awnt of habeas corpus eome
manding Nis appearance fin the county
eourtattio’loek, The writ wasgiven to the
Sherif? to serve, and thatoMicial, with a erowd
of jawvers and newsparer men, went to the

 

gites of the State grounds and attempted to
serve it, He made hia business known, and
was told that be could not get Lon Walker, nor
could he get tothe military oMeers on whom
the writ was to beserved. This was recarded
as 6 bracticaul suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus by the Governor, and was so
heralded throughout the country yesterday,

‘