eeieede nee

I en ee

 

 

lature oan meet and oan adjourn from day to
day and forcothe majority members to attend
the writ at the present time, talked of 10,000) by arresting them and bringing them to

sn bolna gathered in three hours to enforce the legislative hall It has been the
y oA the proceedings before plan of the Republicans to act under
pen i trill in Georgetown on Tuesday had this daw, forcing enough of the Democratic
be ee liwposed of, From Lon Wa kerand ‘rom members to attend to wive them a quorum

The County Judge who issued it, while saying
that no further effort would be made to serve

Injgunetion

Col. Willinma, Chief of Staff of Adjt-Gen. and thentogo ahead and adopt the minority
Coll " “the story of Walkera release was report of the Gubernatorial Contes! Com-
hoard! “Tn the morning Col, Williams alled at) mittee, confirming Gov, Taylor's title to the
wen e morn

United States
Blackburn

oMee, tu go ahead and elect a
Senator in place of Senator-elect
and to fill the other oMoes

Tue SUN reporter ts informed to-night that
this plan cannot be carried out) There isa
provision of the Kentucky Constitution that
forbids the Legislature's adjournment for ,
more than three days at a tite, Another
provision permits the members of the Legla
lature to meet and adjourn for threo days
more, and 60 on, It ia altogether likely
that lve Democratic mambera only will meet
here to-morrow and Tuesday, and if the mi-
nority sends for them and compels their at-
tendance at London, they will make only @
show of resistance, There wre 1! Repub- |
Heans in the Senate and 40 Republicans tn

that the

voted
t enate chamber and dir ’
mle Whea Lon

prisoner ahoult be brought to him
appeared Willis said ;

“Phave some good news for you We have
decided to exchange you for three Filipinos
and two Zalus on condition that you will agree
to appear when wat ted

“Tgive you my word as an EIk that I will,”
sald Lon .

Col, Williams isan Elk,
on it and fon was let go.

the reporters»
“Tt wasa nuisance with the accommodations

that we had to take care of the man It wasa
bardshipto him and to his family to keep him
here, and we're Bo busy with other matters
that it woud be impossible to try him by a !
court martial for some time to come, He {8 the House, A quorum in the Senate is 1
not aman to run away and so we Jet him g> x4 and In the House ts 51, If the flve Demo-
“The habeas corpus had nothing todo with | crate from each house should he force! to ate
it?" tend, there would atill be two short of a
“Nothing whatever, [fa was a prisoner of | quorum in the Senate and aix short of a
war, a military prisoner, and the writ cou dnot) quorum inthe House. Caro would be taken
touch him. No, it’s justas Teay.” not to let the sergeant-at-arma or the military
Whether or notthe writ had anything todo | catoh any of the other members, and they
with the young man’s release everybody agrees would be kept away from Frankfort.
that tho release relieves the general situation. | “That's only good for three davs,” suggested
Ths release caused considerable excitement | the reporter to his Democratic Informant,
forthe reason that the story was circulated at | “and the flve that must be had at the end of that
ones that {t was brought about by adirect or- | time to continue the adjournment will be
der from President McKinley, How President | caught in some way, and finally a quorum would
MeKinley could by any stretch of the imagina- | be obtained.”
tion be mixed up in it nohody could tell, | "No," was thereply. “Ifthe Republicans want
but the story was belleved at the same | to enfores their plan, then that will end the
tine. It was sald positively by Democrats that session ao far as we aro concerned, We
there was great influence being brought to will keep out of the way untilthe law compels
Deur from Washington on Gov. Taylor to force | a sine-die adjournment.”
him to obey the rulings of the courts, whatever GOEDEL’S BODY TO BE MOVED To-Day.

they may be, The Governor laughed at tho To-morrow is looked forward to with some
story tothe persons who were privileged to dread by everybody here. It is County Court
see him, He would not make any statement oa nat is an event ina Kentucky county.
for publication, even about the storles that At Frankfort County Court day usually brings
Washington was bringing influence to bear hundreds of natives from the surrounding
upon him. In this connection it may bo said country, Tt mote often is a day of drunkens
that while newspapers have dally printed Ine ey campus, Themen from the moun-
terviews with him, he has not granted a single tains hate only the one day in & month nee &
interview since the day that Senator Goebel | cown and they make the mostof it. This time
was shot exeopt to express sorrow first at the | a bigger crowd than usual {a expected, owing
erecting bed eee Be ee cecnaseies to the assassination of Goebel and the excite. |
After Lon Walker had recelved tho congratus | | ts endant upon It.

y w
lations of his friends at the hotel, he said that | here it is pl ed to ar Seas oh ee
he was going to institute a civil suit fordam- | is her are 4

ages against the Governor andthe command. | Senator = _ = 7 oy ainece's
{ng oMeer of the military for hia arrest, He reson si oh t " to hie for : on in
also saidthat he had gathered from tho sol- | ean pe eo aren fo Sormer Home
v .
diers who had stood guard over him that they ; * 3
were anxious to go over to the Democratic side With partisanship running high as it does
here, and with practically every man armed

as soon as they got a good excuse to do so, , ‘
Lon was doing duty as an offleerof the court | with either ® — - . Phe s Po
when he was arrested, He had to makeare- | possibilities can be imagined. w Bulle

turn tothe court to-day of what he had done authorities to-day decided to swear in a lot of

{n order to prove that the notice was served on special policemen, and in addition to that the

the Governor. and, therefore, the injunction | Mayor has renewed his — a aig

proceedings were legal. Here is his return; — | 88008 inthe town. It is hoped that if rum is

“The afflant, Alonzo Walker, saysthatheexe. | Kept away from the crowd it may be handled

cuted the written notice by entering the Ex- without disagreeable Incident, but everybody
{s apprehensive.

ecutive building in Frankfort, Ky., and ate
moyen: Pi (ihe ; The superstitious say they are not afraid,

They shook hands
Col. Willlame anid to

 
 

 
 
 
 

a

 

trouble are
alc’e of Gov ylor.

John Behmitt ot Evanaville, an old police
officer, Is openly engaged in raising a com-
woy Which be calla the “Goebel Guards,” and
an will leave for Frankfort to-morrow with
about sixty armed men,

agents both of the Democrata and Repub.
ions appenredat Jeffersonville, New Albany,
Madison and other Onto River towns to-day,
and, it is said, were in eonsultation with party
cnders regarding the Kentucky sitaation and,
presumably, arranging for assistance from
th 4#e places in the event ofa clash at Frank.
fort

TELIS ABOUT CANAULEHOAT KILLING,

There Was Only One Murderer and He Was
Killed by a Fall, Survivor Saye,

Coroner Bauseh and the police vesterday

 

continued their investigation of the double
killing on th® canalboat Thomas Slowey at
th foot of East Third street Inst Saturday
night. Alvin O. Collins, the captain of the
Slowey, who was arrested, charged with mur-

der, awoke in the Union Market police station
yesterday, in a rood verv different from
the deflance with whieh he met the pos
lies just ater the murlers were discoverad,

Ile remarked that hethought he had got

himself into a good deal of trouble, and
the police sail that they were inclined
to agree with him Collins asked a
great) many questions about what the
police had learned and what the
{other witnesses had said, and finally
asked thelr advice as to what he bad

betterdo, They told him that if he had any
reasonable explanation to offer for the mur-
dera he had better bring it out ac onee. Collins
sail he thought that was a pretty good idea
and when the Coroner came he would act on it,

He told Coroner Bauseh that any pres
tence he might have made when he was

arrested of not knowing what had happened
wasdue to his having been halfdrunk and to
his muddied idea of the caution necessary
under the cireumstanees, Joseph Vietor, one

of the men killed, Collins went on to say,
staried the trouble by teasing Collins's dog,
He refused to leave the dog alone when Collins
told him to; the quarrel grew violent, and
Victor, so Collinge paid, struck him
in the chest and stomach and knocked
him down. After he was knocked down

apd while he was still lying on the deek,
Collins said, he drew out his, clasp knife
and made ready to spring at Victor They
fought over the knife and in the struggle Vics
tor got the knife away from him, Collinsmadea
rush forVictorand Mrs, Colling jum ped bet ween
them an! received in the breast the blow that
was meantfor her husband, She got out of
the way.and Victor's next blow struck Elmer
Kipp and killed him,

Collins said he did not know exactly how
Victor was killed. At frst the police thought
that Vietor had been hit by a capstan bar
that hat been brought down into the
cabin by Lawrence Collins, the captain's
fourteen-vear-old) son, in the course of
the flight. Nobody used that weapon, the elder
Collins said yesterday, and he was very sure
phat Victor's skull had been fractured by a
a

The police and the Coroner believe that as
to the cause of Victor's death, at least,
Collins is telling the truth) They say that
Victors skull was fractured) in such
am way that a fall might have been
the cause of it. Furthermore, they say that
the little cabin where the ight took place was
soamall that there was no room for one of the
fiKhters to have awung the eapstan bar with
sufficient force to have killed Victor

Collings was committed to the Tombs without
batl by the Coroner, Mrs. Collina and Mrs,
Kipp are both locked up in the House of De-
tention as witnesses; neither of them would
aay anything yesterday to throw any light on
the murders. Lawrenee Collins {ts in) the
Gerry society's custody,

tempting to gain admission to W. 8. Taylor,
se it's Tuesday that things happen in
poenees ae - er VERDICU IN THE HINMAN

er being retused ac ssion, he then postec

ae afi ees ae Ai pie ane. Frankfort and not Moniay. It was on a Tues-
the iuner private office of said W.8. Taylor at day that the Colson-Seott shooting took place
12 o'clock noon on second day of February, inthe Capitol Hote! a few weeks ago, and it
1000, In said offlee were the said W.8, Tavlor | W880 ‘Tuesday that Goebel! was shot, amd it
and Daniel R. Collier, Afflant further etates ison Tuesday that the Governor has ordered
that be was not interested directly or indireetiy | the Legislature to meet, The plan of taking
in the matter of litigation, and he {8 a citizen | Senator Goebel’s body to Covington was In-
of Kentucky and over sixteen yeara of age, sisted upon by Democrats of that town and
Affiant further stotes that the reason he did by his family. The present 1 lan is to
not make an immediate and earlier return of | Pare the casket dn a public building

there and let it Ife in state from

the exeeution of said notice was because i ; ate
he was immediately, by order of said | 5 o'clock to 9 o'clock on Tuesday, then on
W.S. Taylor, arreste! and has been sinea the | Wednesday It will be brought tack to Frank-
paid second day of February, 1900, confined as | fort after the funeral services have been held
aprisoner in the State House at Frankfortand | 1% Covington, Thore will be additional ser-
kept under guara by armed men under com. | vices hell here and the body will probably be
mandof W) 8. Taylor, Dantel Collier, C. 0, buried in the cemetery on the hill here where
Mengel, D. W. Gray, Horace Cochran, Lieut, | are burled the bodies of Daniel Boone, and
Rogers and Lieut, Rudy, untiltweuty minutes | Luke Black burn and many Kentucky states-
after LL o'clock of Feb, 4, 1000, when aMant | men. There may be minor changes in this
” \
was discharged without trial. pian
» IGNORED BY Tay! To-day was a hard day on the military here
ie ) A, y :
Lad lbaelaes EHO in spite of its quiet, Capitol Square continued

CASE,

it Is Sealed, but Is Thought to Favor Mr,
Hinman’s Side of the Case,

Crricaco, Feb. 4.—-Though the verdict in the
Hinman-Kohlsaat libel case will not be made
public until Judge Stein's court is called to
order to-morrow morning, it is considered
generally in newspaper and legal circles that it
will announce the acquittal of Mr. Hinman,
editor of the Inter Orran. Assistant State's At.
torney A. C, Barnes said to-day:

“The Jv ige's instructions seemed to be very
unfave.able to the prosecution, and I would
rot be at al! surprised to find that the jury
hae rendere} a verdict of acquittal, In
view of the faet that Mr. Hinman's
attorneys openly admitted during the trial that
Mr. Kohisant had not been proved guilty of
embezzlement from a legal standpoint, the
prosecution felt it had practically won its case
until it heard the Court's inatruetions,”

Judge Stein held that the Jnter Ocean in
charg n@ that Mr. Koblsaat was a defaulter,
implying therety that he had not kept his
promisés, ha! not transgressed the law, inas-
much o@ {ft had. been proved by the testi-

In spite ofthe affidavit, Gov. Tavlor will | its martial alr. Soldiers drilled off and on in
assertthat no notice was ever served upoDd | thy mud upto thelrankles at times and some
him and that he never heard of it offlvially. | times deeper, and the Gatlings were wheeled
The notice was torn down trom where Lon | apout. Gov. Taylor saw only a few persons,
had posted itand the Governor did not see it. | ig wife called on him about noon and spent
There will also be the same cliim made by | ay nouror so with him. Practically al! of his
Adjutant-General Colller and Col, Williams | attorneys are in Louiaville and have been
of the military regiment regarding the | ¢here for several days planning a way to get
service of two notices on them by Col. | the controversy into the United States courts.
McKay, the first man selected on the staff of | There isagreat deal of unpleasant comment
Mr, Beckham, who was sworn in a8 | jn the oity cver the failure of the Governor to
Governor upon the death of Senator Goebel. | have tho flagon the State House half-masted
The notices were mentioned in THE SUN thia | out of respect to the memory of Senator Goe-
morning. The first dismissed Gen. Colller | yo}, Politicians say that Goebel was entitled
from the olive of Adjutant General, and de- | tg the honor by reason of his office as Senator
manded that he turn his office over to his suec- if for noother reason.
cessor, and that he disband the military troops It was decided to-night that all the schools
under his command, as Beckham's proclamas | jy Frankfort should be closed the coming week
tion = ordered, The second — dismissed | pacanse of the excitement and the possibility
Co), Williams, and commanded him to do likes | of trouble, The pupils were all notifled this
wise. These two communications were | eyening and parents were warned to keepthoir
turned over to the offleer of the day by Col. | epitdren off the streets.

McKay. The officer refused to let Col. MeKay Sitenevanemiaiiniinions

enter the Capitol Square. He promised that | rawDON READY FOR LEGISLATORS,
he would deliver the letterstothe offleer named —
and Col, MeKay made a return that dismissals |] Some of the Republicans Arrive for the
had been delivered, Yesterday THe Swuw re- Session Appointed by Taylor,

porter talked with Col, Williams about the Lonpoyw, Ky., Feb. 4.—Everything is ready
matter, The Colonel sald: for the seasion of the Legislature here on

“Thaven’t heard officially of any such dis- | Tuesday, and fifteen or twenty members,
miasals, I believe the soldiers had some let- ' all Republicans, are present, headed by Repre-
ters last night that they were passing around | sentative Slack, the leader of the House for the
among themeelves and liughing over, but I Repnbileans and the chalrman of the Repub-
did not see them nor dtd Gen, Collier.” lican joint caucus, He believes the death of

CASTLEMAN FOR ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Goebel will leave the Democrats without a
head and that they willallow theireause to fall
to pieces, an that withina few weeks at most

the Republicans will be allowed to hold their

 

At the time the letters were written to Gen,
Collier and Col, Williams Gen. Collier's sueces-
sor had not been appointed, but,as Tak Sun
said, he had been selected; Gen, Castleman was
the man. He was appointed by Mr. Beekham
a little before midnight and his commission
was forwarded to him at Louisville, He had
been asked to take the place by Senator Goo.
bel, but had asked fortime. Ho signifled his
willingness to take the place after Goebel’s
death, His letter to Beckham is as follows:
“Hon, J, W. C. Beekham, Governor of Kentucky

“My Dear Sin: Every citizen should serve
his State. Business obligations unusually ex.
acting require my attention. Imbpelled py a
sense of duty to unite with you in the h pe of
influencing 4 peacetul solution of the diMeul-
tien which discredit Kenruky, 1 hope that you | Hogielature 0, be, hell hero, Representative
will accept My serv ces as temporary Adjutant. | lieved that under the rules the Repub!
General, and without compensation, Eshatl do | can ecta Rergeant-ateArms pro tem and that
whatever Lean tosupport your a ministration ee aE rice one ere tea nit Mt
and serve the commonwealt!

Very respect. | the absent members if they can flnd them,
fully, your obedient servant, There ia some talk of the Democratic mem-
“Tous B. Casrneman,”

bers going to Cincinnati to-morrow and thus
; wetting without the jurisdiction of the Sere

It has been given out here that the plan of | geant-at-Arms. Hf thfs is done there may not
the Goebelites is to have Gon. Castleny . bea quoram here for sometime, If the Demo-
has bee Pri radier-Genera!, } yom WhO | orara allow themselves to be arrested and
1a dried eee MAVIOM Deen aps |) brought here the Republicans say it will be
pointed sueh by President McKinley during only a few days until they have a quorum
the Puerto Ric tome to Frankfort | They want to get a quorum before the Gov.
ernoris enjoined by Judge Cantrel!

offices in peace. Some of the Reputlicans
think that the outlook is bad and they predict
bal results to follow the assassination of
Goebel,

Some Republicans here say that the assassi-
nation of Goebel was the work of some man
who had a private reason for killing him.
They believe that the man who executed It
had planned [t for months and that he waited
until the political tension should get at ite,
highest before he fired the fatal shot. The
feeling is growing that Goebel was not shot
from the Executive building at all,

Tn commenting on the coming seasion of the

  

 

eam piign,
On hhexe

and make formal deman! upon Gen, Coilier | Phupsiny

for control o! the troops Upon the refasalot | Citizens of London are busy preparing to

Collier to do this Gen, Castleman is toeall upon | tke, fee the Leg slature pal the visitors
: ; it will bring vy have made arrangements

the soldiers to obey him Lif thes refusea | to accommodate 200 persona, and have secnred

   

   

 

New militia isto be organized at onee and thea | the old se  tuiiding. in which the a, wise
State House taken by tore Litore wi st. The House will meet down-
’ : i etair ! the Senate | up-stairs ere
THE SUN reporter is informed to-night. on | will t plenty of ; room _
exceilent authority, that if thisisto be done at | both houses he people 1 London
all it will not be Jone for some little time, The i ant me ' ay in eon ioe Eee Are Rot
se : . : : eudists amd that they have never ha! a feud in
Scy’'s informant says that >not the intense | this county, aud that the is no Hiquor sold in

 

tion of Gen, Castieman to come to Prankfort at | the eity er counts Chey declare ti sis one of
allat present, The Democrats who are doing ie NDT pres He towns tithe State and that
‘mocrits not only or ow .

the moat of the engineering in Hehe are in! but thay will no wele ee {hag ie ay pare,
; comed to the town and will

Louisville, and (hoy are perfecting: their plang | be taken care of

of campaign there, Gen. Cast

fer with them and act

guidance,

 

man will con-
inder their
made to re.

entire ROCROUTTING “GorREL cranDs”

Every effort is to by

 

 

; Men tn Seuthern Indians Pie ing

duce the feeling in Frankfort and to lessen the Pleek to be 1 nt cen =
chance of an outbreak at the present tine. eg |
; INDIANAPOLIS, Feb, 4 Expected troubie at |
REPUBLICAN LEGISLATIVE PLAN Frankfort, Ky., toemorrow ia cans) ; t |
ae dha an ’ ’ rr Us nw exeite. |

Gov. Taylor's meeting of the Legisiature,  mentin the soutvern Inana elties ltowt
which his proeiamation called for Tuesday | andalargenumberormenare about t irt |
at London, is the next disturbing element, | tothe Kentucky capital, where they 9 fer

The Republican minority is going to meet | their services t the lo al sheriffs as deputies
there to-morrow afternoon, and the Legisla- ) For the most part the volunteers are han
sure will be convened there on Tuesday, Un- | cratsor in ayimpathy with that party, buts

der the Kentucky law, a minority of the Legis- | who are ging to the scene of the: expected

5

Demos |

TT ane en ae RRR
oleae ~ sae we

mon oot Mr. Kohisaat himself, as well
4s others, that he hal not kept his
promises. He admitred the term ‘Defantter'
may have other and different shades of mean.
ing, So far ua the charge of embezzlement
was concerned Judge Stein hell that) the
Inter Ocean did nor eharge Mr. Kohlsaat
with being guilty of eombezzioment tn the legal
sense of the term. He called attention to re-
peated decisions ofthe Supreme Couct ia cases
bearing upon this point.

NORTHERN PACIFIC: SCORES A POINT,
Gets Ahead of the Great Northern in Buy-
ing Everett and Monte Cristo Road,

Tacoma, Wash, Feb, 4.—President Mellen of
the Northern Pacifle has seored a point
against the Great Northern by buying from
John D. Rockefeller and associates, ten
miles of the Everett and Monte Cristo
Railroad at Everett. President Hil! had been
planning to buy this property but Mellen acted
first. It gives the Northern Pacifle an. ene
trance to Everett which the Great Northern
has heretofore dominated

Everettis a lively manufacturing town, and
alarge millisto be built there by the Weyer.
hauser Syndicate, whose recent purchase of
Northern Pacifle timber lands ineludes 200,000
acres near that town, Mr. Rockefeller has now
closed ont ail his interests at Everett which he
acquired during the boon ten years ago,

Private telegrams from New York say that

President Meilen will start west this week,
accompanied by Chairman FE. HH. Harriman
and Vice-President Cornish of the. Union

Pacife, who have decided to aceept Mellen'’s
proposition toadmit the Union Pre fie to Pu-
get Sound over the Northern Paeifle tracks
from Portland, It is understood that the
Union Pacifle oMeints wil secure terminals
on Tide Flats while in Tacoma,

REVOLT.

 

THE NORTH BORNEO

Organized by Mat Salleh After the Money
Paid to Him to Be Good Had Been Spent,
Tacoma, Wash,, Feb. 4.~Advices from Hong

Kong give news of the revolt in British North

 

Torneo, Natives along the whole west coast
rose against the chartered British  com-
pany operating there. They were led

by the notorious outlaw, Mat Salleh, who, a
recent cable despatch srated, has been killed,
He Jed the rebellion against the British there

twovears ugo The rebellion was then endad
bythe managing director of the company golog
to Labuanand paving Salleh a large sum to d{s-
perse his followers, His money being spent,
Salleh organized the present rebellion
Anexped tion comprising 250 Sikhs or na-
tive soldiers and some bineiekets left Labuan
nat month, & miles out they were at-
tacked by the rebels from ambush and a pume
ber killed. The itish foree then fell back to
awaitrefnforcements, The report of Salleh’s

 

 

 

 

   
  

death | slater British vietory,

six lents have arrived at Hong
Kong fr to remain until the trouble
feover, At Gaya Bay Saleh's men raidedthe

Chinese shops earrying off mueh booty Two
Government messenvers are missing and are
believed to bave been murderad

 

PORT WORTHIT'S MAVORALTY CONTEST,

Mayor Paddock Beaten for Renomination
on the Tesue of Refunding City Bonds,
Darras, Texas, Feb. 3.—Mayor Bp, B, Pad-

dock of Fort Worth was to-day beaten for re-

nomination by 'T. J, Powell in the Demoeratie

      

   

THE SUN,

 

|

 

|

primaries by 15 majority, Tho elec.
tion takes pines n April 3% Pad-
dock hina been Mayor eight vears
and owas believed to he invincible
hefere the people, and his defeat is a
general oarprise | There is no ehgnce now to
bent Powell at the election, and he is likely to
have practioudly moogy t The issue was
exclusively the re unding of the bonds of the
city held by New York and other astern capt-
talats and the sealing down of the interest,
as en Mentioned in TiK SUN
' S nvolved is approxi.
“ly Mr. Paddock stood out tor |
rt Wor ‘ine lite obligations, and We

   

n
}

Powe stemnd
friends termed repudiation

New Atlantic ¢ ity Speck Evpress vin Cene

 

     

tratd of New dersey,
Train ofve tial deowh van Arior care Jeavea
foot Li Vette tat esos Mo south Popry 3
M. Beaches Atiantic Citsjatecey ds M

' ' lrain fr At
Jantic City at 2.102. M. reaches Ney York at 5 »
M. (ickets are good to stop over at Lakewood,—
Adv.

what Mr. Paddock and his |

 

 

MOND

zine and eons co mks oe | MAN IN THE TERTIARY AGE?

NEW MEXICO INVESTIQGATO! SAYS
CLIVE DWELLERS LIVED THEN,

Bases His Assertion on New Evidence He
Says He Mas Discovered tn the
Dwellings—Found Foal Remains of the
Animals of That Period in the Houses,

Santa Fe, No. M, Feb, 4,—Fvidence of
the existence of man in tertiary period is ane
nounced by Prof. E.L. Hewett of the Normal Uni-
versity at Las Vegas, N. M. If Prot. Hewett suc.
cveds inestablishing his assertions he will upset
two commonly accepted selontifice theories, Un
til now there has been no gool reason for be-
lieving that man appeared upon earth before
the quaternary period. Assertions to the con -
trary have not stood the tests of sel.
ence. Furthermore the eliff dwe!lers have
not been regarded as a very ancient race. In-
deed, many investigators have placud the age
ofthe cliff dwellings at not more than three
hundred or four hundred years and have said
that they were built by a race immediately

precoding the Pueblo Indians, if not by the
‘ueblo (ndiane themselves
Prof. Hewe!t now asserts that he has proved

 

that the cliff dwellers are more ancient
than any other known prehistoric race
and = Vustly more ancient than the

Pueblo Indians, He aspent the greater
part oof Inat summer exploring the
cliff dwe!lings in the vicinity of Santa Pi, and
in a jecture last night he made public for
the first (ime the results of his work. He
described and showed fossil remains of the
mastodon and other animals of the tertiary
wriod, These were found he said, in the
1omes Of the anclent people. He also exhib-
ited utensils manifestiy made from live, not
fo-sil ivory, and these he save prove bevond
doubt that the people that made them were
contemporaneous with tertiary animals

Over the region above White Kock Cafion on
the Kio Grande extended inthe tertiary period
a vast Inke which finally broke through the
immense layers of voleanic tufaat White Rock
Canon. The region around the lake all the way
into Colorado and the Maneos — Cafion
was well watered and! gave sustenance
to hundreds of thousands of people. Prof,
Hewett deseribed the cave and cliff dwellings,
of which he found five virieties around Santa
Clara, Some of the stone buildings erecced
by the Cliff Dwellers had 2,000 rooms and it is
upon the relics found tn these dwellings that
Prof. Hewett bases his theory of the great
antiquity of thelr builders

Prof, Hewett said that the Indiana merely
reoceunied the cliffan! cave dwellings at the
approach of the Spaniards from New Mexico
and in many instances plastered over the
uniqne inseriptions restored by Prof. Hewett
and photographed for the firat time. Some of

the inseriptions show the wear of ages,

One path in the sandstone on a vol-
canic mesa connecting two. cliff dwell-
ers’ villages is worn hin deep and as

the sandstone entrance to the temple at
Mecea, trod by miilions of pilgrims every year,
{s worn only six inches, this path, he thinks,
shows that the cliff dwellers occupied New
Mexico and Colorado for thousands of years.

MALCOLM FORD'S DOG MUST DIE,

 

 

Witnesses in Babylon Testify to Its Ferocity
and Sentence Is Passed,

Justice Cooper of Babylon, L. I,, was en-
gaged all day Saturday tn trying Cisar, a prize.
winning bloodhound owned by Maleolm W, Ford,
formerly all-round champion amateur athlete
of the country, for his life, The complainant
in the case was Frank L. Thurber, a retired
merchant living at Bay Shore, who alleged
that, while riding past the Ford place on his
bicycle on Sunday, Jan, 24, he was attacked by
the dog, drawged from his wheel and badly bite

ten,

Charles B, Tweedy, proprietor of a local
hoetwiey. testified that while he was driving
by the Ford place in company with Georga W,
Tarned, another hotel man, the dog ieapead
three-quarters of the way into his wagon, He
was driving rapidly and a blow and a joit of the
wagon enused the dog to fall between the
Wheels, Joshua H. Smalling, collector of the
town, testifled that he was driving past the
Ford place when the dog Jumped into his
sivigh and seized him by the  neek,
The sleigh swerved and = the dog fell
out, Smith 8. Baldwin, a real estate agent,
aol he had been attacked and dragged
from his wheel by the dog, Jacob Crown,
superintentent for Mr. Ford. was also a wit
ness, although an unwilling one. He admitted
that. the dog was ferocious and that it bad bit-
ten Aim on one occasion when he was trying to
chain it up.

Justice Cooper then read a letter from Mr,
Ford, saying that it was impossib'e for him to
appear in court that day, but he hoped no un-
favorable action would be taken against the
dog. He declared the dog was_not ugly but
only playful and hoped that Mr. Thurber
woull withdraw the complaint, as he was
greatly attaehed to the dog.

“Do you wish to give the dog another
chance,” asked the Magistrate.

“No,” replied Mr. Thurber, “[ have given him
one, and that was one too many.”

Juatice Cooper then made out an order di.
recting Mr. Ford to kill the dog. Mr. Ford ts
liable toa tine foreach dav the dog lives. Mr,
Thurber has engaged counsel, and he says he
will begin a damage suit against Mr, Ford,

CONNECT/ CUT GOID DEMOCRATS,

They Are Againat Bryan and May Favor
an Independent National Ticket.

New Haven, Feb. 4.—There was a meeting
in this city on Saturday night of the leaders of
the National Democratic party of Connecticut
to discuss what they will do in’ the next
Presidential campaign, All but four of the
delegation which went to the Indianapolis
convention, which nominated Palmer and
Buekner for President and VicesPresident re-
apectively, were present, Thev believe the
situation is about as ft owasin Ii, They be-
lieve Bryan has revived the Chicago platiorm
into a prominent place In this campaign and
they feel that the only thing forthem to do is
to combat it onee more

The National Democrats of Conneeticut still
believe in the single gold standard and are in
favor of_territorial expansion by the United
States, Thev are opposed to an imperialistic
policy and colonization. — They say that condi-
tions might arise in the event of Bryan's
renomination on the old Chieago platform,
with IN to la conspicuous fasue, and the Re-
publicans advocating a colonial policy, which
would drive the National Democrats to put up
athirdtieketona platform which would not
be repugnant to the members of the old party
which stood behind Gens, Palmer and Buck.
ner, x .

In this State the National Democratic organi-
zation is preserved

 

Dunn—Shippen,

PHIraDELpnta, Feb, 4,—Mias Mary Shippen,
daughtor of Dr. and Mrs. Edward Shippen, was
married at noon yesterday to Mr. Edward San-
ford Dunn. The ceremony which took place in
St. Peter’s Church, was performed by the Rey.
Dr, Montgomery. ‘The maid of honor was Miss
Kebecea Willing. The ushers were Mr, Fred-
erick A. Packard, Mr, Nathan J. Dunn, Mr.
George Wharton Pepper, Mr. Charles C,
Townsend, Mr. Chariea_ T. Copperthwait and

Mr. J. Lardner Howell, Mr. Dunn was attended
by Mr. J. Somers Smith as best man,

 

Some clothing—like — matri-
moby and mousetraps—is easier
to get in than out of.

Not so ours; if the cloth doesn’t
prove of the best, the workman-
ship of the most skilled, the fit of
the most comfortable, we want

you to get out of it, to let us know !

where the trouble is—helps us
remedy it.

The “best” is ourstandard for
men’s and boys’ clothes, shoes,
hats and furnishings.

oGkRs, Peer & Co,

850 Browdway, cor. Leonard,
66) Broadway, cor, Prince,
‘Thirty-second aod Broad way,

AY, “FEBRUARY

eS

 
 
  

we

—— ee eee

LALSK,

 

INFOICKS WERE

French Manufacturer Accused and His Fore
mer Agent Here to Be Proceded Aguinat.

| A® the result of the discovery made atthe
Custom House that the invoices of J, B,

 

| Fontaniile, & Ince manufacturer of Lo

Puy, Vranee, have been falsified during
| & period of sevecnl yeors, there are
likely to be much closer methods of ex-

amination of invoices in future, Prior to
July, 1N07, Fontanille’s consignments wero
ade to Charles FE. Leuch, who was then a lace
Importer at 647 Broadway, but who is nowa
manufacturer of imitation laces at 53 Crosby
Street, Examloation of the involoes entered
by Leuch show that they were for less than the
Droper amounts and that the loss to the
| Government bas been large in the

Qdgregaie, Owing tothe statute of limitations
Leuch, against whom Collector Bidwell has
brought sult, ean only be proceeded agatist
fora period of five mouths prior to July, INint
The suit ia for $1,000, The United States Diss
trict Attorney i4 considering jurther proceed.
ings aapinet Leuch, however, under 4 section
ol the MeKinley customs administrative act,
Violation of which renders the offender liable
to fine and imprisonment.

Since Leuch gave up the lace importing busi-
ness Fontanille has sent hie goods to E. 0. Car.
ter, denver in laces, but under an arrangement
by Which thoy are delivered to Mr. Carter dut
pale. The bills of lading have come throug

vuzard I’rores, as bankers, while Kt, Down.
ing& Co, Custom House brokers, have mate
the entries, = Col, Dudley Phelps,
ehlef of the law division of the Custom
House, said yesterday that the Customs au-
thorities were satisfied that Lazard Freres
un! Downing & Co. were absolutely innocent

Throvugh having made the en-

in the matter,
tries, however, Mr. Downing became reaponsi-
ble tothe Government for unpaid duties and
Penalties for a period covering about two years
wnda half, and it was because of a demand for
$15,000 made upon Downing & Co. by the Col-
lector that an attachment obtained by that
firm against Fontanille was served on Friday
upon Carter, who was alleged to have about
$5,000 in his hands due to the French lace
manufacturer.

BORED HOLES ALL OVER TOWN,

 

A Farmer's Son Says He Did It to Cure
Him of Insomnia,

CLEVELAND, Feb, 4.—Frank Hooley, a farm-
ers son has confessed to being the ono
who bored holes in the buildings all over
the little hamlet of Montville, Geauga
county and tn. s0 doing  surfeited
that part of Ohio with mystery and no end of
superstitious fright, and tncidentially of caus-
ing the suicide of one man to whom cireum-
stautial evidence pointed asthe perpetrator of
the deed. Hooley, who is 1) years old, ap-
peared before Justice Case and swore to the
following story:

“About one yeur ago I began to be troubled
with insomnia, Later the trouble became worse
and [ passed night after night without sleep,
When I shut my eyes I could see augers. To
the right augers and to the left nothing
but augers. I feltan uncontrollable desire to
bore holes, and was so nervous that I thought I
should gocrazy. One night, after trying in vain
for several hours to go to sleep, I arose, went to

the barn and bored a hole in one of the doors.
Immediately Lexperienced a change of feeling
and my nervousness disappeared, Went to
bed and sleptsound!y all night

“Thad founda remedy for my ills, but it did
not last long, and I soon found that poring
holes in the barn would not bring sleep, I
felt that [ must try the house, and
did, The neighbors’ houses were perforated,
About one hole to each house, and the virtue
was gone. I mike this confession because I
am sick of the business, and wish to be taken
where Leun be treated for this nameless dis-
ease,

The announcement of this strange statement

has made a sensation. second only to
the discovery of the holes. For weeks
after the = discovery was made the

little wttlement was in a fever
of excitement,  Nesidents were utterly at a |
loaa to explain the purpose of the borings, A
hole had been bored through the outside wall
of every dwelling in the village except two, and
ina few houses two holes were bored

Hooley is 6 feet tall and unusually thin,
His shoulders are bent and his eyes sunken.

SHOT IN A SIDEWALK SCUFFLE,

Bartender Drew a Pistol on a Man He
Thought Had a Quarrel With Him,

Jonn Cronin, living at 202 Madison street,
shot and probably mortally wounded James
Tiernan of 42 Rutgers street in front of 39
Kutgers street yesterday afternoon,

Cronin isa bartender in Coleman's saloon at
Monroe and Rutgers streets, On New Year's
morning a crowd of men enterad the saloon
and ordered drinks. After drinking they in
turn refused to pay for the liquor, Cronin,

Who Was behind the bar, nunched the man
who seamed to he ft leater ond put the
erowd out. They went away vowing to get
even

esterday afternoon
guire’s saloon at Ma
His frie
alongai

 

Cronin entered Ma-
ison and Rutgers streets,
say that in the saloon he stood
Tiernan, Presentiv he turned
on Tiernan and aecused him of having
been in the party in Coleman's saloon on New
Year's morning. tiernan denied the accuse
tion and the two were about to fight about it
when both were ordered out, They left the

 

 
   

 

saloon and the flight took place on the side.
walk. ltendedin Cronin pulling a pistol and
shooting Tiernan in the addomen, The

wounded man was removed to Gouverneur
Hospital, end it was sa. there that he had
alight chances of recovery, Cronin was ar-
rests

Ticrnan’s sister Lillie, it was said in the
neighborhood last night, is eneawed to be
married (o one of the sons of Coroner Fitg-
patrick, in whose distriet the shooting oe.
Curred, ‘Tiernan’s friends say that he had just
come outof his father’s milk store in Kutgers
street when he saw a fight of whieh Cronin
Was the centra moving up and down Rutgers
street; he ran into the crowd and asked what
the trouble was, For an answer Cronin, who
was outof his head with excitement, fired the
bullet into him,

BANK PRESIDENT PAYS UP,

Investigation by the Comptroller of the
Currency of a Kansas Land Deal,

Torrka, Kan,, Feb. 4.-Rumors of a deal in
connection with the closing up of the affairs of
the defunct First National Bank of Em-
porla having reached the cars of
the Comptroller = of the Currency, he
sent Inspector A.D. Lynch from Washington
to investigate, withthe result that Major Cal-
vin Hood, President of the Emporia National,
who bought the land owned by the defunct
bank, Inst night turned over $19,000 above the
original purchase price.

A few days ago the depositors’ committee
brought suit to have the sale set aside, alleg-
ing collusion between Trustee R, Battey
who has charge of the land, Major Hood and
others, Several parties went to Emporia
to bid but got no opportunity. The depositors’
committee had a gtanding olfer of $60.000 for
the land. Battey sold the land to Hood for
$41,000 and had the sale conilrmed by the
Pederal Court It wos this transaction that
started the investigation,

 

DEAD BOY IN AN ALLEY,

Homicide in Philadelphia with the Confes-
sion of an Arrested Man,

PuILaApELpuia, Feb. 4.—The polies lato last

night found the body of Hugh Dugan, 12 vears,
2032 Wood street, in an alley of rear of

 

2020 Pearl street, The body was takeo
to a hospital, but it was found
that he had been dead for sev-
eral hours. His skull was fractured and
jace cut in several places, Charlies Weisen-

born. employed in & bLukery shop of 201s
Wood street, has been arrestel The boys in
the neighborhood teased Weisenborn and
several times he has threatens to kill some of
them,
At midnight Weisenborn confessed that he
| had killed the boy, He said that last night he
was going into the stable when Dugan jumped
at hm do oseratehed his face. He caught
hm by the nees and beat bim in the face and

then turew him to the ground where he left
him. Welsentorn says he dida t know the boy
was and that be struck bim only with

 

his (ist

 

 

Branch Offices of “THESUN.”

Advertisements and Subscriptions may be lettat
hese offices, where (he rates willbe the same
ds those charged at Ue main oltive,

NEW YORK,
12h Brow lway,
Liv West be oto st

LONG ISLAND CiTy,

2) Bordeu Avy,, EON. Do laon,
NEWARK, N. J.
' 74 Brotd st., PN, Sommer,

CHICAGO,

805 Stock Exchange Building, C.J. Billsoa,

| COLORADO SPRINGS,
\ Magerwman Uiovk, tT, A, Thosrag

 

  

 

——

“ESPEOIALLY

THE

DUFFALO

of Virginia.”

Springs Nos. Land 2,

     

   

Registered by
U, & Petent Office

  
  

For Albuminuria

AND

Bright's Disease,

XYCHRONIC AND ACUTE.
Samuel O. L. Potter, A.M., M.D., M.R.C.P., London, Professor of

the Principles and Practice of Medicine in the College of Physicians and
Surgeons, San Francisco, a recowniced authority wherever medicil science
is known, in his handbook of Pharmacy, Materia Medica and Therapeus
tics, nader head of ALBUMINURIA, page 6oo, 7th edition, im the citas

of Virginia is highly

diet save, BUFFALO LITHIA WATER feconmmended.”

Under head of CHRONIC BRIGHT’S DISEASE, page 601, same edition, ia
the citation of remedies, he sys: ‘Mineral Waters,

ESPECIALLY THE BUFFALO LITHIA WATER

of Virginia, which has many advocates.”

“A Veritable Antidote

For Albuminuria & Bright’s Disease, Chronic and Acute.”

De. William H. Drummond, Professor of Medical Jurisprudence, Bishop's
University, Montreal, Canada; ‘In the Acute and Chronic Nephritis
[BRIGHT’S DISEASE), of Gouty and Rheumatic Origin, as well as

in the graver Albuminuria to act
of Pregnancy, I have found BUFFALO LITHIA WATER as a
VERITABLE ANTIDOTE, and I know of NO OTHER NATURAL
AGENT POSSESSING THIS IMPORTANT QUALITY.”

Dr. E. C. Laird, Aessdent Physician, Hol Springs, N.C.
‘* Bright’s Discase in every’ . In
stage and form is benefited by BUrrALO LITHIA WATER. many
cases large amounts of albumen, epithelium, hyaline and granular
casts entirely disappear from the urine under its action, while in
those whose kidneys are too far gone to hope for permanent benefit,
all those distressing symptoms are ameliorated in an astonishing

degree. In Albuminuria of Pregnancy | know of no remedy at all
comparable to this water.’’

BUFFALO LITHIA WATER 1s for aale by Grocers and Druggists generally.

Testimonials which defy all imputation or questions sent to any address,

PROPRIETOR, BUFFALO LITHIA SPRINGS, VIRGINIA,

GIBBONS ON THE ROBERTS'S CASE,

 

MGR, SBARETII LISHOP OF HAVANA

The Cardinal Saya the House Did Right in
Refusing to Seat Him,

Bartimong, Feb. 4.—In his customary ser-

Consecrated at the Papal Legation Charch
in Washington Yesterday, T

Wasutnoton, Feb. 4.—Mer, Donatus Sbaretti,

mon on the first Sunday in the month atthe
cathedral this morning Cardinal Gibbons spoke
atlength upon the expulsion of the Mormon
Roverts from the House of Representatives,
“The Position and Influence of Women" was
the subject of his discourse. He spoke from the

| words: “What God hath joine | together, let no

man put asunder,” The Cardinal referred to

the present period as one when woman was
man’s equalinevery respect. From this he
led to the case of Roberts and said:

“Respect for womavhood makes us appreel-
ate the refnaal of the House of Representatives
to allow Congresaman-elect Roberts of Utah
& seot among the nation’s Jawmakers, As a
Mormon he can have no proper respect for
woman and he was rightly and justly re-
buked. It was not a question of constitu.
thonal righte or interpretation of the laws,
His constitutional rights haye nothing todo
with the case, which resolves itselt s mply into
a question regarding the attitude of the
country toward the women of the United
States, In casting him out, Congress paid a
tribute to American womanhood. To have al-
lowed him to take his seat woul! have been to
countenance the degradation of the whole es-
tateof man. It was a victory for the right,
and Congress deserves credit for recognizing

for many years chancellor and auditor of the
Papal Legation in this country, was invested
as TPishop of Havana to-day at the legation
church, St. Aloysius, The  consecrator
was Archbishop Sobastian Martinelli,
Apostolic Delegate, who was assisted by
Bishop Curtis of Baltimore and Bishop Monas
han of Wilmington, Del. Among the others

who took part in the service were the Rey,

Dr. Newey of New York, assistant master of
ceremonies; the Rev. F. Z. Rooker, notary to
the de‘ogate and assistant to the priest of the
mass;the Rev. Dr. Paee of the Catholle Unte
versity, first deacon of honor; the Rev. J. 1. Bare
rett of Brooklyn, second deacon of honor, and
the Rev. J.D, Lennon of New York, sub-deacon
of the mass, The Rev. Dr, Kennedy, professor
of dogmatic theology in the Diocesan Seminary
at Philadelphia, preached the sermon, Dr,
Kennedy and all the assistants of the mass
were at onetime pupils of Mer. Sharetti in the
College of the Propaganda Fide at Rome,
About sixty-(ive other priests, representing @

dozen Catholie orders, Were within the altar
rai!

was one of
the most flopressive and sumptuous ceremone
jes in the history of the American Catholia
Nhe delegate and all the officers of
ore unusuallly gorgeous robes, The
ung by a cholrof seventy voices,

 

|

'
the law which is higher than any other.” The consecration was begun at 9:30) o'clock
aah ei and continued for four hours t
BRYAN WONT MAKE ANSWER,

 

 

Church

Chairman of the Middle-of-the-Road Popa- | ther
lists Ignored by the Calonel, | Muss was

iss \\

 

  

 
 
  

 

a aeeompanied by an orehestra of thirty pere

Datias, Tex,, Feb, 4.—On Jan. 30 Milton | formers, and the habits of the priests who ate

Park, chairman of thy» National Reor- pares ringed ire ithe brown gown ofthe
ae , : : | Franetscans to the uniform ot assistants ag
ganization Committes of the  Mididles | the Jagation, In the congregation, whiel
of-the-Road Populists, sent a telegram | crowded the botlding to the steps in’ front,
to W. J. Bryan, then at Pawtucket, RB. | Were many representatives of diplomatic, of

' Cin) And soe roles

I., concerning an alleged proposition on Vfterthe conseerotion the clergy was etere
which the Populists would be willing tosup- | tained at dinner by the faculty of Gonzaga

 

port Bryan for President, Park said support | College
for the proposition was being urge ton South. | Priest t
ern Populiets by the friends of Bryan in Nes | vestiture. Myr. Staretti intends to leave for
braska and he asked Hryan ifthis was being | Havanaabout the end of Febrnary, He is an
done by his authority and if be was willing to | Itaian, was edueated at Rome, is a close
stand by it. Park has waited eight days foran | student and beeame generally popular while
answer from. Bryan but none has come to | attached to the legation here,

‘im, He said to-day:

“Bryan todate has not deigned to answer
my telegram, | propose keeplug after him till
he does, orshowhim up as &@ sham through
hia Ignoring of the telegram. To am being
deluged with letters and te egrams from Popue
lists living ja almost every State vio the Union
asking méto make public Bryan's reply. Will
Mr. Bryan anawer? Orwill he play the same
game on us that was played on Tom Watson in
Lets?"

dnd the Bishop-elect presented to the

Who had | nnable toattend the ine

 

 

 

IN MEMOKYF OF GEN, LAWTON,

Gen, Miles’s Address at Memorial Services
in Washington,

Wastinator, Feb, 4

 

|
|

Memoria) services in
| honor of the late Major-Gen. Heney W. Lawton
| were conducted to-night at the Church of
| Our Father (Universalist Addresses were
|
|
|

 

TO FLY OUR FLAG, delivered by Major-Gen. Nelson A. Miles, Core
poral James Tanner and the Rev. John Van
Sehaik, formerly of New York city. Several

Gen. Miles said

 

Steamship Michigan, Wrecked Recently on
Our Coast, to Become American,

Newport News, Va., Feb, 4.—The Norwegian

steamship Michigan will be transferred to the

Grand Army posts attended,
in part
“When

a trie patriot dies, people mourn,

 

  

American flag here this week, Tho Michigan | When ao grand and noble. eitiz: Db passes
was recently purchased by Willlam J, Latham | away, his countrymen mourn. When @
of Brooklyn from W. Wilhelmsen of Tonsberg, | great soldier and able general falla on
Norway, which is now the home port | the fleld of battle, the nation sniffers an
of the Michigan. The vessel! was wreeked | irreparable loss. Such was the career of
ey vested te the extent’ ann’ sapere aie o valunble wore bis
$60,000 Mr. Latham made the purchase, The | Services to the nation that he had endeared

himselfin the hearts of
name has by a household word jn every
community. Wi urse dn dife has been so upe
right and honorable that all classes will revere
his memory

“When the war with Spain oceurred he was
oneof the first to volunteer for any duty that

vessel is nowat the shipyard, Application was hiscountrymen. Hie

made for American rewistry last week, and the
the Custom House oMetals have just received
instructions from Washington to transfer tha
ship to the American flag. The Michigan's
home port will probably he New York. She is
300 feet long 40 feat wide and 24 feet deep,

  

 

Her tonnage is 2040, a su ated ar ee Fe co a oe
New Haven Railroad Pays Bonds, pe Meability of "dotng active “services Xttor
New Haven, Conn., Feb. 4.—It was sald to- th ue vat ' was over, being disabled by
day that tne New Haven Railroad Company has | i te | st ites and Mh ! maOugnt aid Obs

paidofffrom its net earnings $225,000 first | tained artive wervico in the far-distan
mortgase 7 per vent, bonds and $440,000 4 por fle d In the Phils pines, w here the duties o
cent, mortgage certificates of the Derby divi- | Grroug. The antes fiMeult and dane
sion, both due on Fob, 1. 1800. The annual pert a tte jovese, 0 that campaign ta
saving in fixed charges will be $44,550. ‘The eee. i; e i } 9 to | eae omltable energy,
first mortgage bonds were issued thirty years oan Snacity of Mujor-Gen, Lawton,
ago and guaranteed by the town of New SS a Sane

Aven, J
Haven | The Sunken Spanish Gunboat Ariete to Re
Ratsed

Wasnincton, Feb. 4.—Word eomos from
Manilathat the gunboat Helena located the
sunken Spanish gunboat Ariete atthe mouth
ofthe Pasig River, and that the work of raising

 

Alleged Spy Expelled From ¢, F, U,
While the meeting of the Central Federated
Unton was {n progress yesterday some ove
shouted: “There's a spy from the People's
Theatre here!” Loud eries of “put him out!

      
   

arose, and & man was hustled to the door : er Wis progrossing ¢ '

putout A letter from the lessees of the Pov ner be an, itlom t Te tecrahly, that sha
ple's Theatre giving their version of the ty naval station in a short tin a “Khe ‘ he Cavite
ble with the Hebrew nc sformeryemployed condition des, te her aubmersion < Pepa Rood
there wae handed up, but was teld over for a nalf. The Ariete waa a nk t y the eens
consideration until next Sunday, jards to block the channel of the Prin? Spane

 

 

Obesity.
Corpulency.

The efficiency of “APENTA”

The Best Natural Aperient Water,
in removing fat and corpulency, is proven by experience,

FOR REPORTS by Professor Liebreich, Berlin Professor
Jog islowsky, Moscow Professor «\ltl ius, Lond e A
American Authorities, "Address, On, and
, United Agency Co., sth Ave., cor, 42d St., New York,
Sole Agents of THE APOLLINARiS CO., Ld., Londom

|

= eT Kt

 

 

ee