Ss

c=

STATE CONVENTION HERE?

DELEGATES TO PHILADELPHIA TO
BE NameD AnovUT APRIL 16,

Talk of Shernan or Hend ricks for Governor
if Odell Won't Rue and tf Roosevelt Goes
on the MAtlonal Ticket With McKinley

Depend Roosevelt's Decision,

Chairman Yilell of the Republican State
Committee Will shortly issue a call for @ meet-
{ng of the eommittee to name atime and place
for the Stae Convention to alect delegates-at-
large to th National Convention to be held at
Philadelpiia on June 17, Tho State Con.
vention i likely to be held about Apell 15
It has been suggested that Buffalo may be
selected as the convention elty, but Mr.
Odell aad others seem to favor New York
elty, The last State Convention to elect dele-
gates-at-large to a National Convention was
held on Marth 24, 14)¥), in the Grand Central
Palace, Lexngton avenue and Forty-third
atreet. Sone of those interested In that State
Convention bave disappeared from the stage,
for instance, Johnny Milholland and Warner
Miller.

The gossip of Republican politicians is now
about the candidates for Vice-President and
Governor. Henry ©. Payne, Republican
National Committeeman for Wisconsin, con-
firmed at Mi waukee THE SuN’s despatches of
a few days age concerning the furor that has
been creatal for Gov, Roosevelt as the Vice-

Presidentis! candidate, But the Governor
himself wil have something to say about
that. Sone of the Governor's friends,

especially those with Democratic proclivities
eem to ‘hink there is some sort of a political
{oh golngonto sidetrack Goy, Roosevelt as a
possible successor of himself as Governor of
the State tut it seems to be pretty clear that
the Hepablican national managers believe
that Gov Roosevelt would make the strongest
running mate for President McKinley, ey
declare this openly, and Mr, Hanna and Mr.
Payne and their friends could have no ulterfor
motive in proclaiming Cov Roose yelt's
strength. They are not interested in a Repub-
Yean campalen {7 New York State, The Re-
ubbeans of the State, headed by Senator
Jatt and Chairman Odell, take care of such
matters. The Republican national managers
are merely concerped for the strength of the
national ticket. Bs
The trouble lies, it was suggested yesterday,
in Gov. Roosevelt himself, If he didn’t want
the national managers to interfere with his
personal wisheshe should not have developed
Buch political strength all over the country
within the laa two years with all classes of
voters, organization and anti-organization,
and with young Democrats as wellas young
epublicans. So, much of the present situation
her been contributed by the Governor himself,
It was plain!s satd last night that ifthe Gov.
ernor didn't want to be nominated for Vice-
President he kad better find it convenfent to
emain away from the National Convention
Bhould he head what appears to be the call of

 

the nationa party the situation in New
York State would hecome — especially
jateresting It was admitted by well-in-
formed Pepublicans yesterday that, after
Gov. Roosevelt, the fepublican party of
the Stace desires the nomination of

Mr. Odell for Governor. But there again faa
stumbling block, Tt is Mr Odell himself. He
does not want to be nominated for Governor,
and some of the strongest Kepublicans in the
Btate have advised him that t comes right
down to brass tacks he must refuse to be a can-
didate for Governorand continue to remain in
his present piace as chairman of the Republl-
ean State Convention. That suite Mr. Odell to

* With Mr. Roosevelt and Mr. Odell out of it,
who would be the eandidate for Governor?
Thatisthe question heard on_all sides, The
Brooklyn contingent have put forward Lieut.-
fiov. Timothy L, Woodruff. Others say that at
the proper time, and if the situation is ripe,
the Hon. James 8. Sherman, Representative in
Congress for the Twenty-fitth distriet, will be
pushed torthe nomination, and that he will have
a strong following. St!!! otherssaythat things
may turn outsothat the Hon, Prancls Hendricks,
the newly appointed Superintendent of Insur
ance, may be the man. It was recalled last
night that Representative Sherman declined
the appointment of United States General Ap.
raiser after he bad been selected by President
eKinley, and only the other day Mr. Shearman
declined the place of Secretary of the United
States Senate. Eminent Republicans sald
at significance should be attached to Mr
herman’s refusal of these two very important
appointments
And yet, after all, Gov, Roosevelt must finally
and authoritatively be heard from before the
situation can be satisfactorily cleared,
FIRE TRUCKS MATCHED VOR SVEED,
New Style Apparatus Built by a City Firm,
Championed by Chief Croker.

Several thousand people witnessed acontest
between two fire truck companies of Brooklyn
and Manhattan at the northern end of Long-
acre square at noon, yesterday, to decide the
relative merits of the two styles of fire trucks
used inthe city. Each of the manufacturing
companies has contended that its particular
truck was the {deal life-saving apparatus, One,
built by an Fimira company, has been used in
the city for years, but to raise ita big ladder it
fa necessary to unhiteh the horaes and this
causes delay. Chief Croker has asserted that
the newes! truck, built by a New York concern,

which does not require the unhitehing of the
horses, wasthe better apparatus, but this con-
tention was stoutly denied and yesterday's test

was the result

Chief Croker selected the now truck of Hook
and Ladder Company 16 from bire Head.
quarters to uphold his contention, Those who
favored the Elmira apparatus chose Hook and

adder Company o4, the crack Brooklyn truek
company, for the test) Commissioner Scannell,
Deputy Commissioner Tally of Brooklyn, Chiet
Prokerand Deputy Chiefs Dale of Brooklyn,

uane and Ahearn watched the test. for which
the Brewster Building, standing eighty feet
bigh at the northwest corner of Forty-seventh
atreet and Broadway was selected. Com-
missioner Seanne!! held the wateh. The crowd
was kept back by a detail of police, No. 16 was
the first truck to be tried) At the tap of the
dell the company began to raise their ladder,
Upward it wentinto the air until it reasned
the roof

“Forty-seven
Scannell.

Then the Brooklyn track was tried. It re.
quired more than 2) secondato unhiteh the
horses, and asthe jadder swung over the roof
the watches clicked off 65 seconds

Chief Croker said he was wsatistied that the
newer truck had demonstrated its superiority,
but the manufacturers and the Brooklyn dele-
gation, headed by Deputy Commissioner Tully,
were noteonvineced They said that the horses
should have been unhitehed oy the Manhattan
truck company, The commissioner ordered
this done, and the operation was timed at 25
seconds, Atonce the axponents of the Eimira
style of apparatus asserted that theirtruck had
Won the contesc by 7 seconds, the 25 being
added to the 47 seconds of the test. The dis.
cussion was settled by Commissioner Scannell
ordering the two companies to start at the
saine time. [he Elmiratruck was handicapped
by the unhitching of the team, and the other
apparatus was again raised to the roof in 47
seconds

An exhibition of saving life by a new basket
deview attached to the aerial ladder of Truck
20 from Mercer street was given afterward
The tlremen raised their ladder to the top floor
window and ran the basket up to it.) Fireman
Frank Reilly then got into the basket at the
top and was lowered down to the street amid
cheers

Ofthe truck test Chief Croker said: “It has
demonstrated to my mind the superiority of
An apparatus which will permit of the raising
of the ladders without having to take out the
horses, Seeonds count at flres, anda couple of
lives can be rescued in twenty-five of them
With this new style truck wedash uptoalurn-

   

seconds,’ said Commissioner

 

 

  

 

ing bulllingand the men immediately begin
to raise ihe ladder Should we need it at
another part the building the horses are
ready hitched up to teke the truck there
Another advantage this truck has is that the
truck can stand in the indie of the street and
the ladder thrown to buildinus on both sides
The horses aro accustomed to flrags and they
stand perfectly stiilluntil they are unhitehe i.”

THAT BELATED HOltak Dive nr.

To Be Heldion Meret 3 in Terrace Garden

 

 

   

 

 

   

Whether tieyan Comes ov Not

The Workingmen's Jeffersonian Dollar Dine
Mer Con mittee held another meet lastnight
at45 University pace. at whieh it was an-
nounced that the dinner Lad en again post
poced, but would be hed hoy \ Tepe
race Gaiden whether Kryan was thereor not
to speak The speakers invired ine Brya
John b. Alty layor Jone Teledo, Goy.
Pinger and Congressarnice Sulzer, Lentz and
Towns Of these the committer is oy Ivsure of
Mavor Jones and Gov. Pingr ! freceswed
eplies from them that thoy wor attend

rnest H. Crosby will presi original
Idea was to bold the dinner Lincoin’s Birth
day, then it was changed to Washington's
Birthday, and now it has been postponed until
Maren 5

Teachers’ Plans to Vieit France.

 

 

Cateaco, Feb, $A eommittes of Chicago
eollege and public s instructors has com
Dieted the orgat stinn of tho Ani
ration of Teache: sand Student The
diate purpose ofthe elevation isto «
eursions of Ag.eriean teachers an detadents ¢
Paris during the exnosition, Provision hans

been made forthe passage of Bas
ofthe federation, and itis said that nearly that

Buinher is enrolled.

re cr a SSS SS SS SNS fl

) ing
members |

THE JOHNSTON BKOTHERS RETIRE,

Their Railroad Restaurant Business Trane
ferred to the New York Central,
Povonkerrste, Feb. 4.~After nearly fifty
years of experience in the railroad restaurant
business, in which line of effort they were

 

ploneers, the firm of Johnston Bros.,
proprietors of the railroad restaurants
along the line of the New York
Central and) Hadson River Railroad and
the West Shore Ruallroad, located at
Poughkeepsie, Albany, Syracuse, Buffalo,
Rochester, Weehawken and Kingston, have

transferred the business which they have so
long conducted tothe New York Central and
Hudson River Railroad Company, Thia ia in
aceordence with a recant decision of the Di-
rectors of the railroad to take over the restau-
rants under the terms of the lease, which re-
quired two months notice fromfeither party,
to terminate it and operate them in connection
with the dining-car service.

The origin of the railroad restaurant busi-
ness goes back tothe days when trains were
first run over the Hudson River Railroad he-
tween New York and Albany. The trip
was too long for passengers to take
without having something to eat, and in

1852 Gov. Morgan, who was then President of
the road, asked Capt. Wiillam 8. Johneton,
agent at the Chambers street station, if he
would Iike to try the eyperipent of opening &
ra{lroad restaurant at Poughkeepale @ con-
ented, and the first railroad restaurant tn the
Trited States was opened by Mr. Johnston fn
the south end of the Poughkeepsie passenger
station, an old-fashioned frame structure, on

Jan, 28, 1852. There was a short lunch
counter in the men’s waiting room, ani
the bill of fare was limited to pies,

sandwiches and oyster stews. The business
grew rapidly, and within a few years Capt.
Johnston took his brothers, Theodore V._ John-
ston and Floy M. Johnston, in partnership with
him. The Poughkeepsie restaurant was en-
larged in 1853 and again in 1855, At this
erlud.every passenger train on the Hudeon

iver Raflroad stopped at Poughkeepsie, an
the expression “ten minutes for luach ” came
into vogue aud was associated in the popular
mind with Johnston Bros.’ railroad restaurant
in Poughkeepsie.

In 145 the old passenger station was burned,
and for two months Johnston Bros, con-
ducted their business in a baggage car, and
subsequently they occupted the freight station
for @ year pon the completion, {n 1866, of
the present passenger station. they occupied
the dpacious dining room in which they have
since carried on business, The reataurant at
Albany was opened {fn 1870, at Syracuse in
1872, at Bulfalo in 1880, at Rochester {n 1887,
andthe West Shore restaurants were acquired
in TRH,

Years ago the Johnston Bros. entertained
attheir Poughkecpsie restaurant many of the
leaders in politics and, banking ard rallroad
cirelea. Commodore Vanderbilt was a fre-
guent visitor there, as was hia son-in-law,
Horace Clark, and also William H. Vanderbilt.

TO FINANCE VU, 8S, FLOUR MILLING,

A Plan of Reorganization Proposed by
Gen. Thomas and Others.

A committee, consisting of Samuel Thomas,
chairman, Edwin Gould, J, Edward Simmons,
Warner Van Norden, Brayton Ives, William
Lanman Bull and Thomas A, Melntyre, has
undertaken the reorganization of the United
States Flour Milling Company, They have
formulated a plan which has been accepted by
a large proportion of the security holders and
creditors, Further assents to the plan are to
be made by a deposit of securities with the
Metropolitan Trust Company. The plan pro-
vides for the purchase of the properties of the
Northwestern Consolidated Milling Company,
and for adequate working capital to carry on
the business as originally contemplated by the
present management.

The new company as proposed will be free
from floating debt and will have $1,500,000
working capital and $1,000,000 or more of the
new first mortgage bonds in its treasury. The
Hucker-Jones-Jewell Milling and the North-
western Consolidated Milling companies will
also be free from floating judebtedness, The
new first mortgage bonds will have as security
al! the property which was pledged under the
old first mortgage, and in addition thereto the
sroperties of the Northwestern Consolidated
Milling Company in Minneapolis, either by the
pledge of {tsstock or by title in fee under the
new mortgage. The yearly interest charge,
fneluding that of the Northwestern Consoli-
dated property, atter the reorganization, will
be less than the annual interest on the old
bonds.

Under the plan there will be a total of
$8,165,000 of first mortgage 5 per cent. bonds
outstanding, of which $2,261,000 are set aside
to take up the flrat-mortgage bonds of the
Hecker-Jones-Jewell Milling Company and
the Northwestern Consolidated Milling Come
pany, Of the new © per cent. preferred stock
there will he issued $0,802,000, and of com-
mon stock $8,500,000 will be issued,

Tha $6,004,000 firet_ mortgage bondholders
of the United States Flour Milling Company
are to get 50 percent. of their holdings in new
first-mortgage bonds and 50 per cent. in new
preferred stock, upon subscribing to an amount
of new first-mortgage bonds at par, equa! to 30
per cent. of thelr present holdings; such saub-
scribers tonew bonds to get 100 percent, of new
preferred stock and 38 per cent. of new coro-
mon stock with the bonds. The $5,000,000
preferred stockholders are to get an equal
amount of new preferred stock upon purchase
of new first mortgage bonds to the amount of
15 percent. of their holdings. ‘Uhe $3,500,000
eommon stockholders are to get 80 per cent. of
their holdings in new common stock, upon
purohase of new first mortgage bonds to tha
amount of 10 per cent, of their stock. These
payments provide $2,000,000 in cash with
which to pay off all floating debtsof the various
companies and also $1,500,000 for working
capital,

 

 

FIGHTS ON TWO LEADERS’ HANDS,

Amasa Thornton Discovers One for Hess
and Stewart Wants Goddard's Job,

The Hon. Amasa Thornton said yesterday
afternoon that in the course of his wanderings
about the Twenty-tfth Assembly district he

had learned of a contemplated effort by
certain eminent Republicans to boost the
Hon. Charles Hess out of tha = district

leadership, Mr. Thornton satd that the move-
ment was one in which he did not take much
interest, except as an observer of political
events, and he admitted that he had not looked
intoit, For this reason he was not able to give
the names ofthe statesmen who are engineer-
ing the attack on Mr. Hess, but he is confident
that it will assume such proportions that the
present leader will be obliged tosit up two or
three nights to head it off

Mr. Thornton was emphatic in denying that
he was at the head of the antl-Hessa forces,

He sald that he had personally retired from
politics, Mr. Thornton is going to Europe
soon on a business trip. He will probably be
in Europe when the March primaries are held.
But he will return, and he expects to be in this
city in September, so as to be able to observa
the working of the amended primary law.
The Republican enrollment in the district is
2,258 this year, against 2.051 in DSi

In the Twentieth Assembly district the Hon.
Lightning Jim Stewart is reported to have be-
gunastill hunt for the leadership, which Capt.
F. Norton Goddard won from him at the prima-
ries lastyear, Mr, Stewart has been examining
the foundations on whieh Capt. Goddard's pop-
ulacity rests with a great deal of care, and his
friends say that he has found a way to under-
minethem. In I8i+only 622 Republicans en-
rolled inthe Twentieth district. The enrot)-
forthis year is already 1,415, and Mr. Stewart's
lieutenants say that a great number of *he new
names have been placed on the roll throngh
his efforts

Some of the Republicans who are hostile to
Mr Stewart maintain that he has reached an
understanding with the Tammany statesmen
who eontrol the Damocratiec vote in the distriet
and thattheyv have aided in getting names on
the Hepublican roll, This story is denied by
Mr Stewart and his friends, who say that
they would not stoop to such atrick tn fighting
a high-minded political leader like Capt. God-
dard

 

 

 

ZO FORM AN ARTISTS’ C1UK,

Meeting Held in Dan Beard's studio
Flushing to Formulate Plans,

Dan Beard, the artist, gave a smoker Satur
day night at his studio in Flushing, L. 1, to the
artists who live in Flushing rhe object was
to formulate plans for an artists’ club in that
place. Among the guests present were Tap-
pan Adney, the artistand Klondyke explorer;
tdwin 2B, Childs, the mural artist, Wo HE
Walherot Le fe, Horace Carpenter of the Chi.
cago Art Club, John Walker, 8. Edson Gage,
Frank Collins and Frank Dixon

It was decided to organize the club, and at
the next meeting ofleers will be chosen, The
eatables servedat the supper had been gath.
ered from Chinese shops in Mott street and
from the stores in the Syrian and Jewish quar-
ters in New York

“THE SEN’ AS A REAL ESTATE
ADVERTISING Te
and News medium will better meet your ra.

quirements than any other publication, reache
ay it does people who have money for
Investment, and supplying each day all the
news available of interest to those interested
in the Realty Market, Adu

1
Ww
d

IRISH CALLED TO ARMS,

 

MAUD GONNE ADDRESSES 4 PRO-
BOER MASS MERTING,

Says the Present Is the Irishman’s Oppor-
tunity, and That Any Nation That Is Fight-
ing England Is Ireland's Ally- Aska Her
Hearers Not to Let the Opportunity Pass,

The meeting arranged by people of this city
who, for various reasons, favor the Boers in
their war with England, was a largely attended
one in the Academy of Music last evening.
Most of the seats were ocoupied, the stage was
filled and many persons stood, It was dis-
tinctly an Irish meeting, presided over by a
Dutehman, asthe chairman, George W. Van
Biclen, called bimself. The chief attrac.
tion was Miss Maud Gonne who
has been engaged for several years
In seeking to prevent Irishmen from
enlisting inthe British Army. Mr. Van Siclen
in his introductory address said: “It looks to
mo as though England had succeeded in buy-
ing some officials of the United States Govern.
ment.” He spoke of the English Colental
Minister as “the dishonorable Joseph Cham-
berlain.” “When England by her tyranny
forced the Irish out of Ireland,” he concluded,
“she ecattered the seeds of liberty throughout
the world.”

Mies Gonne said, going directly to the sub-
ject of the Boer War:

“One of the greatest crimes the world has
ever known is being perpetrated. England's

history in South Africa ts one long record of
hy pocrisy, violence and deceit, all for lust of
gold. With [rishmen it makes no difference
whether the nation with which England ta at
war isrightor wrong. When It fights England
it becomes Ireland's ally. England asserts
that Uitlanders in the Transvaal are not al-
lowed the right of attending public meetings,
ell, we in freland are not. If England should
win tn this war two liberty-loving nations
would die, Only a coward would stand idly by
and wateh a murderer commit his crime.
England tntended to doin the Transvaal what
she did on the fleld of Omdurman. She tne
tended to murder the wounded on the battle-
Held.» You have to murder men who have sur-
rendered and have laid down their arms, ac-
cording to the English Jingo press in the
stories they printed of the work of the Fifth
Lancers at Elandslaagte, where the Lancers,
under orders, went over the battlefleld de-
Spatching the wounded.”

Miss Gonne read some. extracts from the
papers. one telling of an English officer who
shot a wounded Boer through the head. “Now
that there are several thousands of British
prisoners in the hands of President Kriger, it
is probable that the open murder of helpless
Boer wounded will be put a stop to,” she. said,
Two men, she said, were shot by Lord Meth.
uen because they were Irishmen. She read
what purported to be a report of what she
alled the murder oftwo Irishmen by Baden-

owell. She continued

“The English authorities dare not now let
regiments raised for South African service
ed through the streets of Dublin. The Boers

ave Coatropen forever England's boasted
greatness, Isthat not an encouragement to
all oppressed peoples? But there is another
lesson, It ia that liberty is never won without
the shedding of blood. Ireland may have her

pportunity Irishmen, do not let the hour of
destiny g» by. Fellow countrymen, has not
Ireland been the land of sorrow long enough.”

Former Judge George M. Curtis echoed Misa
Gonne’s call to arms “Men of Ireland,” said
he, “let me tell you that there is no possible
emancipation of Ireland save by the sword
And any statesman or politician in America
who preaches a different doctrine ia either
ignorant or {nsincere.”’

The meeting was prolonged for more than
three hours by songs and recitations,

HISSED JOHN 17. KEATING,

Reference at a Pro-Boer Meeting to the
English Resented,

Jone, Il, Feb. 4.-John T. Keating, Na-
tional head of the Ancient Order of Hibernians,
was hissed while speaking at the pro-Boer
mass meeting in the Opera House this after-

noon, It was during his peroration that he de-
clared with vehemence

“Englishmen, as a rule, do not make good
citizens of the United States.”

Astorm of hisses arose. Mr
torted angrily:

“Hiss, fools and geese, hiss!”

Resolutions praising the Boers were adopted
by a unanimous vote, the English sympathie-
ers having left the ball after Mr. Keating's re-
marks. (ne paragraph in the resolutions was
devoted to Senator Mason. He was deelared
tobe “the Little Giant at Washington” and
“the only true representative of Illinois in the
Renate,”

 

Keating re-

 

MORE TROOPS FROM CANADA,

Vanconver Mass Meeting Urges the Govern-
ment to Enroll 10,000 More Men.

Vancouver, B.C., Feb. 4.—At amass meet-
ing here last night a resolution was passed
urging the Canadian Government to raise 10,-
000 more troops for the Transvaal, There was
great enthusiasm.

The Rev. F. E. Seott, Methodist, said:

“Great Britain ie waging war for the Lord God
of Hoste. Great Britain ia a pure righteous
nation and her waris righteous. The Boers
must be chastised by the sword. There is no
use of talking of peace. If Christ was on
earth he could not make peace inthe Trans.
vaal. If Pau! Kriigerand the Boers were as-
sembled on the plains of Heaven the angels of
the Lord would have to wallop themto keep
them in line,”

Pro-Boer Meeting in Baltimore.

Baurimore, Feb, 4.—A large pro-Boer mass
meeting was held in Ford’s Opera House to-
night atXo'elock. Tha meeting was without

music or soug, and Was more on the orderofa
religious service, The meeting was called to
order by Mr. Michael J. Conway,

Congressman Sulzer of New York presided.
Congressman Kheaof Kentucky, Lentzof Ohio,
DeArmond of Missouri, Ex-Judge Cochran of
Missourtand Congressman James W. Denny
of Maryland spoke. Senator Wellington of
Maryland was expected to be present to make
an address, but he declined at the last mo-
ment.

Money to Equip a Boer Ambulance Corps,

INDIANAPOLIS, Fob. 4.--Ata large meeting of
Boer sympathizers at Alhambra Hall this af-
ternoon money was subscribed to equip an am-

bulanee corps for service in the Transvaal
The meeting was held ander the auspices of
Trish societies, but if was attended by a large
humber of Garman citizens. Resolutions were
adopted expressing sympathy with the Boers
and condemning England. It is said that an
ambulance corps wil! be made up in this city,

BROOKLYN COLORED DEMOCRATS,

Sharp Contest to Control "The United Col-
ored Democracy of Brooklyn,"

There is warin the camp of the negro Demo-
erats of Brooklyn. A new President of “The
United Colored Democracy of the Borough of
Brooklyn” ia to be elected this week, andas the
President of this organization handles the
money thatthe Willoughby street leaders ap-
propriate for the election. expenses of the col-
ored men, there is a big fight on. Then too, the
“silk-stocking” element of the negro Dem
oeracy Wants tocontrol the organization, and
the “rum-and-rags” element is making astub-
born fight. So bitter has become the contest
that itis expected that requests will be made
upon Capt. Dunn, of the First Precinet for a
part of the reserves in order to maintain order
at the election of oMeers whieh will be held on
Wednesday evening

William Russell Johnson, who is a clerk in
the Water Commissioners’ office, is the present
Presidant, but as hedid not, it is satd.in the
last campaign, divide the dough satisfactorily
the boya have been kicking and Mr. Johnson
has determined not to stand for recleetion. He
nas named as his ecindidate William H. Etlison,
commonly ealled * Buck’ Ellison, the President
of the Blue Anchor Club and one of ex-Regis-
ter Haggerty's political friends, who hails trom
the Kleventh ward, the abode of the greater
portion of the negro voters of Brooklyn

The “silk-stocking” element has chosen as
its candidate W. H. Mo Johnson, the assistant
auperintendent of the Howard Orphan Asy-
lum, and the leader ol the Kighteenth Assem-
bly district. He has as backers LE. Byron Bris
tol, of the District Attorney's offlee, and Daniel
Wiliams of tho Health Department

Tbere have been called several caucuses for
to-night and to-morrow night,

Grievances of D., EL. and W. Trainmen,

Scranton, Pa, Feb, 5,~The Grievance Com-
mittea of the Lackawanna trainmen held a
meeting here to-day and decided to eal) upon
General Manager Russell to-morrow, If he is
notin Seranton they will go to New. York to
consult bim. George Wallace is chairman of
the committee, The men refused to tell the
nature of their grievances, but said they are
very anxiousto reach an understanding with
Mr. Russell before the annual meeting of the
company, which occurs on eb, 20

JOTIINGS ABOUT TOWN,

The Nev, Father Huntington will preach in the
new church of the Congregation of the Tranefgura
tion chapel, 221 West Siaty ninth street to-nignt at
S o'Clock

Afire, supposed to have been cansed by a steam
pipe, on the aixth floor of the fourteen story build
ing occupied by the Bradstroe! Preas Company at 15
Kim street early yesterday morniag did $500
daniage,

i EF “ rbed aT OP

‘ -

VOTES OF MUSTO,

Talent not of the first rank receives little en-
couragement at the Moetropolitan Opera
House. The concert last night brought for-
ward some of the lesser lights of the company
and the audience was pitifully small, Itseems
as if artista who had pot already made their
reputations were to be rejected without a
hearing. Misa Susan Strong, who was the
soprano last night, isa young American who is
beginning her career promisingly. What lies
in store for her it ts not yet possible to say,
but sho is at presentan agreeable singer who
might be expected to awaken some degree of
public interest. MM. Van Rooy and Salignac
are likely to afford pleasure in a concert and
Mile. Olitzka sometimes sings well, Even the
presence of the first violin virtuoso who has
appeared at these concerta this season wus
insufficient to bring out the Suoday night
audience in anything like its accustomed
numbers 7 , D

Alexandre Petachnikoff, the Russian violinist,
proved himasell at his firat appearance here &

erformer of the first rank, and his playing
ast night demonstrated that the first estimate
of hia powers waa not incorrect. He is to be
heard several times during the week and
furthert consideration of his performance {4
unnecessary now. His programme numbers
last night were the Orst movements from
Tsachatkoweki’s concerto in D major and Saint.
Saén’s “Havanaise.”” Mise Strong's delivery of
“Plus Grand Dane Bon Obscurité” and songs
by Boehm and Foerster was highly creditable
and so delighted the audience that she had to

ive an encore . Sallgnac was heard

n “Lea Stances” by Flegier for the first time
this season, and Van Rooy's singing
of lieder by Schubert was delightful. Mile.
Olitzka sang in addition to an aria from “La
Gloconda” a group of songs by Loewe, Som-
mer and Bizet. The programme, so far as its
vocal part went, was not weil arranged, but as
the singers always select their own numbers,
nobody was responsible for that. Emil Paur
conducted the overture to “La Muta di Por-
tic,” Liszt's “Lea Preludes,” and Berlioz's
overture to “Benvenuto Cellini.” The concert
was good enough in details to deserve a better
audience, even if the whole programme was
pot of akind to appeal to the public.

Frank Damrosch has led his young people in
the instructive concerts intended for their
benefit up to a point which makes Wagner now
an appropriate subject for their study and
pleasure. At the concert in Carnegie Hall on
Saturday afternoon the overture to “Der File-
gende Hollaender” was played and Mr. Dam-
rosch explained that as well as the mare’
from Raff's “Teonore’ symphony. Tschal
kowski was represented on the brief pro-

ramme by the andante cantahile from
is  quartette, opus . The song
numbers agreeably given by Marguerite
Hall, were old English in character, and three
songs by George Henschel. ‘The value of Mr.
Damrosch’s Instruction. to the young people
who hear his concerts cannot be overesti-
mated, and it is only to be hoped that their
prosperity will be aufficient to make them a
vermanent feature of musical life in New York
Were might be fewer vagaries noticed In New
York's musical taste to-day if the present
generation of concert and opera goers had en-
joyed such opportunities.

MORRISON'S MOTHER A DREAMER, 100

That's to Be a Pointin the Mount Vernon
Wife-Slayer's Defence,

Ware Prats, Fab. 4.—Alfred Morrison of
Mount Vernon, who shot and killed his wife on
Dec. 28, and who is locked up in the eounty
jailon a charge of murder, has been informed
that his case isto be considered by the Grand
Jury on Wednesday. As the day approaches he
is again showing the extreme nervousness

which he exhibited when he was first arrested,
He refused to eat much and is constantly
pleading for cigarettes, Edgar Burnz, 17 years

old, the self-eonfassed murderer of Her-
bert B. Fellows, postmaster and station-
master of Searsdale, who is also

a cigarette flend, occupies a cell adjoining that
of Morrison, Dr, Purdy, the Jail physician,
has cut the supply. of both prisoners to the
minimum. A friendship haa sprung up be-
tween them and they frequently borrow cigar-
ettes from each other,

Morrison is to be defended by ex-City Judge
George C. Appellof Mount Vernon. Judge Ap-
pell will try to acquit his client by demon-
strating to the jury that Morrison was ina
dream and thought there was a burgiar stand.
ing over his wife's bed when he shot and killed
her. Judge Appell will cal! Charles A. Singer,
President of the Larchmont Railway, in whose
home Mme. Morrison, the prisoner's mother,
was a governess for seven years, to prove that
his nightmares are hereditary. He has learned
that while in Mr. Singer's employ Mme. Morri-
aon Was constantly dreaming of burglars
and crying outin her sleep. Sometimes she
became so violent that Mr. Singer went to her
room and rapped on the door to areuse her,
From Mr. Singer's home Mme. | Morrison
went to that of Oliver Adams, President of the
Larelimont Golf Club, whe is said to have had
the same experience with hor,

- ‘ —

OBITUARY,

 

Lieut -Col, Wyllys Lyman, United States
Army, retired, died at the University of Venn-
sylvania Hogpital in Philadelphia on Thursday
last. Death was due to injuries received whiie
filgnting Indians in Montana and Texas from
1874 to 1876. He was born in Vermont in Isso,
and asthe outbreak of the Civil War was prac.
tising Jaw in New York. He entered ina New
York regiment, utearly inthe war was made
First Lieutenantand Adjutant in the Tenth
Vermont Volunteers, and was Assistant Adju-
tant-General of a brigade from December, IN2,
to July, X83. While with the Third Division,
Sixth Corps, Army of the Potomac, in 1864, he
wis severely Wounded at the battle of Cedar
Creek inthe Shenandoah Valley, and went to
his home in Vermont to recover, He returned
to hiscommand intime to participate in. the
siege of Richmond, He was made Major of the
Tenth Vermont in 18685, In July, D860. Major
Lyman was appointed Captain of the Fortieth
United States Infantry, and in the following
year was brevetted Major for gallant and meri-
torious services inthe battle of Opequan, Vis
From April, L884, to December, L870, he was in
the Twenty-fifth Infantry, colored, and from
that regiment he was transferred to the Fifth
Infantry. Col. Lymau was a nephew of the
late George P. Marsh, for many years United
States Minister to Turkey and Italy, and a
grandgon of Charles Marsh, who was a member
of Congress during the Administration of
I'resident Madison. His sister is the wife of
former United States Senator George F
Edmunds

News has been received in Newport, R, I, of
the death at. Vaim Beach, Fla,, of George H
Norman Newport. He was stricken with
paralysison. Saturday night in his hotel and
died yesterday morning, His son, Col, Regi-
nald Norman, Was wth him. Mr, Norman was
aself-made mananddieda millionaire. He got
his startin Cuba in S855 when he introduced
agasplantonthe island. Hethen returned to
the United States and introduced water plants
in seores of New England cities. His
headquarters were in Boston, where he
also was connected with the banking firm of
George H Norman & Co. His daughter mar-
ried former Mayor Prince of Boston, He leaves
a widow, three daughters and alx sons. Four
of the jatter served through the war with
Spain, Max Norman in the Hough Riders and
Reginaid, Hugh and George H. Norman, Jr., in
the Volunteer navy. Before going to Cuba in
1848 Mr. Norman Was part owner and associ-
ate editororthe Verport Daily Neves,

The funeral of Isaae Rosenwald was held
yesterday at the Temple Emanue!}, Pifthavenue
and Forty-third street. Mr. Rosenwald was
born in Bavaria in IN84. He came to the
United States at the age of 17 and found em-
ployment in the South. In 1863 he came to
this city, and soon afterward, with his brother,
organized the firm of FE. Rosenwald & Brothe
exporters, packers and handlers of toba
He was atone time President of the Leaf
baceo Board of Trade and of the Home for
Aged and Infirm Hebrews, He wasa Director
of Mount Sinai Hospital, of the Hebrew Orphan
Asylum, of the Hebrew Technical Sehool, of
the Monteflore Home, of the Hebrew Allianee
Sehool and of the Juvenile Asylum, and was at
onetime President of the Southern National
Bank. Mr. Rosenwald was a momber of the
Chamber of Commerce and the Harmonie Club

Joseph |. Partridge, father of Col. John
N. Partridge, State Superintendent of Pub-
lie Works, died last night from paralysis at
his home in. Brooklyn. Mr. Partridge was
born in Hatfleld, Mass., in IS04. and was
graduated from Williams College in the class
of 1624. He wasthe oldest graduate of Wil
lfams. Mr. Partridge was married sixty-three
yearsage, During the Civil Warhe was Collector
of Internal Revenue for the EKastern District
of Massachusetts Ho eame to Brooklyn
twenty-two yeurs ago and had been fora long
time adeaeon of the Church of the Pilgrims
A widow and two sons, Col, Partridge and by
Fdward L, Partridge of this borough, survive
hin

Owen J. MeComb, a hotel keeper at Mamaro-
neck, N.Y. fell dead yesterday. He wasabout
SS vearsold. He leaves three children, Death
was caused by heart disease

A. L. Jultenne, manager of the Western
Union Telegraph Company's office in Jackson,
Miss., died yesterday of pneumonia. He was
30 years old

 

 

 
 
   

 

 

 

Sunday Skater Drowned.

New Lonpow, Conn., Feb, 4. While skating
on Lake Brandegee this morning. George
Napoleon Payment, a French-Canadian boy of
14, fell through the jee and drowned. Vanante
Payment, a brother of the Jad, saw Georg
break through the fea and also had a very
narrow escape from drowning in an endeavor
to rescue him

 

 

   

epepsia marvelously cured, and promptly, too,
das,

by Johnson's Digestive Lableta—

|

‘

Se

At At
.

BIG BLAZE IN St. LOUIS.

FIREMEN CAUGHT UNDER FALLING
WALLS AND ONE WILLED,

Flames Sweep Over Three Blocks in the
Retail Business District and the Loss Is
Fatimated at About a Million High
Wind Caused the Spread of the Fire.

Sr, Louis, Mo, Feb. 4
of three blocks of the retail district along North
Broadway this morning. ‘Tho loss will be
abouta million, One firemen was killed and @
number injured,
At 10 o'clock the fre was discovered in the
retail dry goods store of Penny & Gentiles, on
the southwest corner of Broadway and Fourth
street. Almost instantly there was an explo.
sion and the flve-story structure was all
ablaze. The wind was blowing stroug from
the northwest and quickly carried the flames
south to the departinant store of Schaper Bros,
A general alarm bad been sounded, but the
firemen soon saw that it was hopeless to at-
tempt to save the Penny & Gentles or the
Sehaper Bros. buildings. Attention was
turned to saving adjoining property.
Across the street was & building used as a
warehouse. This caught fire, as did the notion
house of Derr Brothers, next to it. At noon
the roof of this building fell in, burying in the
fplne a number of fremen of Engine Company
No. 11. Sweeping eastward, the flre ‘reached
the German Savings Bank, on the southwest
corner of Fourth street and Franklin avenue,
and this building was also destroyed, The
next to go waa the Dressed Beef Company's
branch store to the south, It was a five-story
structure, while the bank building was three
stories,
On the west side of Broadway the fire burned
south to The Famous, a large department
store, out was checked at this point. The
damageto The Famous was by smoke and
water and ielarge,
The following buildings were destroyed:
Penny and Gentiles; Schaper Bros., depart.
ment store, 82) Broadway; the D. Crawford &
Company building, southeast corner of Broad-
way and Franklin avenue; Derr Brothers, no-
tions, $12 North Broadway; People’s Furniture
Company, Sl4 North Broadway; Kreoning
Glass Company, 8253 North Third atreet
& Richmond, produce, S20 North Third:
Re & Sellmeyer, produce, $25 North Th :
cLain & Aleorn, 821) North) Third; GA.
enton & Co,, 827 North Third. Seven other
buildings were cormagec.
Charles Moebus, a fireman, was caught un-

    

  

der a fallen wall and killed. John Ham-
mond, the driver of engine No, 22, waa
caught between his engine and a road-

way cable car. Both his legs were broken and
he received internal injuries. He will die.
John Judge was buried in the ruins of the
Jerr Bros, building and was rescued after
two hours. His injuries are serious. Other
firemen were struck by falling walla and bro-
en glass, but their injuries are nut 80 serious,
The flre was under eontro| at So’cloek this
evening. It was reported that two bodies wera
in the ruins, but this was denied by Chief
Swingley.

ENTERTAINMENTS AT VASSAR,

A Bradley-Martin Fancy Dress Ball—Const-
ing op Sunset Hill,

Feb. 4.—Last

 

POUGHREEPSIE, night the

junfors at Vassar entertained themselves
witha Bradley-Martin fancy dress ball, which
was attended by 150 Vanderbilts, Astors
and Goulds, Sprinkled through the throng,
to add variety, were foreign  noble-
men, andthe Prince and Princess of Wales

dropped in informally to represent the English
royal family, Albert Edward's dress suit, it ts
painful to narrate, did not fit very well, but he
and the Vrineess were not inconspicuous, as
they were adorned with most of the family
jewels. The guests were announced at the
door by footmen_ in liver and were received
by Mr. and Mrs, Bradley-M artin. baney dances
and minuets preceded the regular dancing,
after which a supper of lemonade and dough-
nuts Was served. ‘Tie festivities did not break
up until the unheard-of hourat Vassar of 10
o'elock,

Since the recent snowfall Vassar studenta
have sought diversion tn sledding, and. the
country roundabout has been foraged for boba
and sharpshooters. Sunset Hill has been
rolled, and the college girls have found coast-
ing to be quite ood sport as skating, and
much more exciting

Although examinations are over, universal
joy is tempered by the post-examination mai!
Flunk notes ware feared and diferent students
take them in ditferent ways, Some of the
airy aud inconsequent ones hang them on
the walls aud. invite their friends toc .ticise
them from a decorative point of view. Others

  
 
 

receive thelr conditions with sadmess and
seek out a tutor and abjure society
for a month, The maid recently handed

anote toa student who opened it fn conster-
nation and found the printed announcement
that she was deflelentin four hours of mathe-

matics. This surprised her, for ehe had not
been taking mathematics, but upon closer
examination she discovered that it was ad-

dressed to the girl next door, She sealed it up
again and carried it to its rightful owner, who
nonchalantly ripped it open and read it with a
smile

“Thank you so buch for bringing it,” she
said, “it's an invitation to an afternoon tea.”

PIREARMS PLANT BURNED DOWN,

The Factory of the Hopkins & Allen Com-
pany at Norwich, Conn,, Destroyed.

Feb, 4.—At 6 o'clock this
morning what proved to be one of the moat
serious fires in the history of the city was
discovered by the night watehman at the Hop-
kins & Allen Manufacturing Arms Com-
pany, The large building owned by this
firm and its entire stock of pistols, revolvers,
rifles and other flrearms, with valuable ma-
chinery, were destroyed, as were also the
dwelling houses, two livery stables and a
building used asa dunk shop. The loss, it is
estimated, will reach nearly $500,000

While the thre was in progress & quantity of
dynamite war exploded, razing the factory
walls, \ boy named Hymen was struck in the
head by some of the flying debris, He was
taken, unconscious, to the Backus Hosptial
and it is feared he will not recover. Two of the
firemen and several spectators were also in-
Jured by the explosion. The fre was not under
control until noon and ‘ral firemen were
plaving on the ruins at a late hour to-night

Norwicn, Conn,

 

 

The Hopkins & Allen Company had 800
employees The factory waa worth
about $500,000 The building = was
on .Franklin street and the — flrearme
made were shipped all over the world, Russia
being one of the Jargest buyers, The “Pistol
Company,” as it) is familiarly called, was

 

started at Norwich Falls in Lis
GAVE SMALLVPON WITl HIS KISSES,

Charles Frank and Three Girls He Kissed
ata Chureh Social Have the Disease,

Drs Morses, Ia, Fob, 4.-Charles Frank of
Carpenter, [a., attended a echureh social just
acrosa the State line in Minnesotaa few days
ago. Ina kissing game he bestowed kisses on
three young Women of the ehurch

Shortly atterward Prank was taken ill with
the smallpox. So were all the young women
Fight eases have resulted in all and one death
has occurred

The State Bonrd of Health was notified of
the existence of smallpox to-day and has or-
dered a quarantine. The Minnesota off
have been noritled of the eases in that Stat

  

 

 

“No Swap

No!

 

   

 

   

| prefer

Hunter
Whiskey

all the time

It’s the best for
Health and Hospitality.”

      
     

~~

~

   

TRADE mar
mee

A.B HARTA FRANK MOKA, Kepresontat ree
+. Willian St, New York, N. )

            
 

Fire destroyed parts |

a

 

Solid, well-made desks,
roll-top and flat,

HALE CO.,

Desks at export prices,
15 Stone Street,
next Produce Exchange

BOSTON A, A, INDOOR GAMES,

Alex. Grant Wins the Two Mile Indoor
Championship—Exciting Relay Races.

Boston, Feb. 4.—The indoor games of the |
Boston A. A., held in Mechanics Hall last
night, had so many competitors that the long
programme was not concluded until a very
late hour. A. PF. Duffy of Georgetown and J,
H. B. Tewksbury of the University of ’ennsyl-
vania, who are likely to fight out the final of
the Intercollegiate 100-yard championship,
met for the first time in the 40-yard special
dash. The Georgetown man was fully upto
his form and defeated Tewksbury in four and
three-fifth seconds, equalling his own record,
The effort, however, took the snap out of him
for the 40-yard handicap, in which he was
beaten by P. Dana of Hopkinson School.

In the two-mile race for the indoor cham-
pionship Alexander Grantagain had the beat of
rattling finiah with his brother Dick, and won
in the good time fora board floor of 10 min-
utes 23-5 seconds, Ellis, the Harvard full-
back, was a competitor in the 45-yard
hurdle-handicap, but was beaten by J. H.
Shirls, another Harvard man, in one of the
semi-final heats, All the Harvard men were

shut out inthe final dash for the prizes, G. 8.
jasbrouck of Andover, 4 feet, won, with J, H.
ha of Malden, 8 feet, seeond,. : \
The Knickerbocker A. C. aud New York A. (
eich furnished a winner. B. b, Mulligan, who
wore the ‘cherry diamond,” took the threw
standing jumps, with an actual jump of 4
feet Sinches, He received a handicap of nine
inches on R. C. Curry of the New York A. C.,
who took second prize with S& feet 5 inches
Jobn Bray carried the “winged foot’ to vietory
in the 1,000-vard handicap from the scratch
mark ir the fast time of 2 minutes Lo Geo
seconds. The scratch man was set a hard task
in the one mile handicap, which F, 8. Doughty
of Providence Y. M,C. A. won from the sixty-
rard mark in4 minutes 27°) seconds. Brown
{niversity supplied two promising novices in
the 40-yard dash forthat class, H.S. Pratt flo
ished first in only a Afth of asecond worse thine
than Champion butts made, while his fellow-
collegian, \" H. Hall, took second honors
Harvard took first and second prizes in the
high jumps, with F. L. Glidden, Jr, and F.8
Ware. They tied atofeet 11% inches, bach
got 5 inches handicap, and Glidden won on the
jump-ofY, That Harvard will be dangerous in
the intercollegiate shot-putting contest was
proved, 4s H. F, Cochens won that event with
the really good put of 44 feet LO» inches
As usual, team relay races took up a large
portion of the evening, . The Harvard clasa
championship narrowed down to a final heat
tween LiL and 1905, which the former won
y. Curtis, the first runner for the Boston
A. A. team against Harvard, second team,
knocked his opponent Bernstein down and
the referee gave the event to Harvard
Cornell defeated Columbia, owing | to
M. W. Longe the Iast blue and white
runner spraining a tendon while on even terms
with hisman. The Dartmouth team defeated
Brown inthe fasttime of 3 minutes and 13
seconds, and Williams won, from Amherst
in 3 minutes and 18 2-0 seconds, The
race between Andover and Exeter created
intense enthusiasm, the Harvard | con-
tingent) cheering for — Exeter, Andover,
however, held) the lead throughout and
won by 10) yards, Much was expected
from the University of Pennsylvania team
pitted against Harvard, but they failed to run
upto form, and the local university won easily
by thirty vards in % minutes 12 3-5 seconds,
the fastest time of the series. Boston Y. M.C,
\ beat the Cambridge Y. M,C. A, in} minutes
18 seconds, and the Gloucester A, C. defeated
the East Boston A, A. in 3 minutes 24 1-5 see-
onds,
The 8O0-yard handicap was won by L. R.
Hill of Dartmouth in 1 minute 19 seconds,
with H, E. Hastings of Cornell second,

   

Ex-Commodore Morgan's Cutter Nearly
Ready for Launching.

Bristor, Feb, 4.—The second of the fleet of
seventy-footers will be ready for launching in
afew days. The double force of carpenters
and other mechanics who have been at work
on this craft since the Mineola went fnto the
water rushed the job to auch an extent that
she is having finishing touches put on, and
will probable be launched from the main ma-
rine railway early this week. The upper hull
of the boat is now of pura white. Below the
water line she is painted green, This new
cutter is for ex-Commoidore FE. D, Morgan. It
is said tbat Mr. Morgan will handle tive tiller of
his new boatinall of her races next summer,
The steam tender for the yacht is about
finished also, and will probably take the water
at the 8ame tiie as the sloop, The engines
and boilers are on board,

Yachting Notes.

Thesloop yacht Ashumet, built several years ago by

 

 
    

Hanley. has been purchased by Commodore Dill of
the Harlem Yacht Club, The Ashumet will) be
brought here early inthe spring and will be raced
in all regattas

L. D. Huntington has nearly finished a it
knockabout, from designa by C.D. Mower, ra
vachtsman who wil! use the boat on the lakes. The

knockwbout has attracted considerable attention at
the New Rochelle yards and hasbeen much admired
The cutter Queen Mab has been purchased by
Chiford Bo Brokaw, and itia possible that the solide,
recently purchased by F. M. Hoyt, will race againat

the Qucen Mab. The latter isa little older than the
Isolde, but both were built to race in the English
sixty rating «lass,

Quincey, Feb) 4.-At the annual meeting of the

Quincy Yacht Club last night at was voted to wit)
draw from the Yacht Racing Association of Massa
chusetts because of alleged unfair treatment of «
of its Doats last season. The Quincy Yacht Club has
had more champions inthe various classes forman

years than any otherelub, and ite withdrawal may
resultin the dissolution of the Association

me

Horses Ran Away and Girl Froze to Death,

Misnawaka, Ind., Feb, 4.—The body of
Grace Dodge was found yesterday by Arthur
Wilson several rods from the highway bet ween
Alamo and Cooper. She had hired a livery
team, proposing to drive to her aunt’s home at

 

Alamo, The horses ran away, overturning the
sleigh, She was unable to find her way and
froze to death, She was 22 years old, the

 

danughterof Charles. Dodge of Chicago anda
sister of Chauncey FB. Dodge, superintendent
of the Western Division of the Paliman Dalace
Car Company, Cincinnati,

Gale Off the Virginia Const,

Norro.g, Va. Feb. 4.—A galeis blowing off
this coast, The wind at Kittyhawh station
on the coast below Hatteras blew at the rate of
forty-eight miles an hour at 7 o'clock to-night
Shortly afterward the Government wire to th:
coust went down

Phe gale wasa southwester, Ship masters
here expect the British steamer Artosto ashore
at Ooerac . N. ‘goto pieces The wind
at Norfolk at So’elock to-night blew from the
southeast at the rate of fifty-four miles ar
hour

 

   

 

Annual Ball ot the Pushmataba Cinb,

  

   

 

The annual ball of the Pushmataha Club will
take place next Wednesday evening at Webs-
ter Wall, John kb. Tighe of Fire Engine Com-
pany I jis to be the floor director and
Policeman Frank I MeGiuire of the Eldridge
street station chairman ofthe Reeeption Com
mittee, A feature of the dancing order will be
the “Pushmataha’ two-step, written expressly
ortheelnb and ledieated to the members
John W. Byrne ofthe DOS. Cl is the President

ofthe elubandJohu J. Donnelly of the Tele
graph Bureau Fire Department, Secretary

Seventh's Veterans Honor Their Dead.

Phe seterans ofthe Seventh Regiment held
their annua In memory of com
roies Who had died during the yeur, at St.
Thomas's Church at Fifty-third street and
hitth avenue, vestarday afternoon, The order

service

fservice included music by the full ehoir of
the ehureh and a memortal sermon was
preached by the Chaplain of the Association
the Key. Claudius M. Koome, the Hey Dr’

Hrown, rector ofthe church, and one of his as-
sistants also took part in the service

Husband and Wife Burned Mortally.

Hakrronp, Conn, Feb. 4 Edward Morton
nd wife were burned mortally this morning
They do Hight housekeeping in a room at
Linden Place, Morton upset a ean of off on

{ ® onal on
topofacvook atove The flames that shot up

enveloped husband and wife, They elimbed
1 On Ww Veranda roof fron: whence they were
rescued and taken to the hospital, Both in

haled flames and their

deaths are erpecte
before morning. & Are expected

=

at export prices.

   

 

    
   

Y _IS HEALTHFUL!

A Natural Mineral Water

with medicinal qualities,

For Indigestion and
Stomach Disorders.

So-called VICHY
IN SYPHONS,

.. SNOT VECH

Get the Genuine

VICHY

CELESTINS

 

      
   
   
     

en
a
SO

CELESTINS

SS

     

 

 
   

For chafing-dieh and invalid cooking.

LIEBIG

Company's Extract of Beef

Gives strength and delicious flavor to
soups and sauces and makes delicate beef
teainetanuy, Genuine with blue signature

 

Art Sales and Exhibitions,

—

JAMES P. SILO, - - Auctioneer,

To-Night at 80°Clock
Chickering Hall.

Doors open at 7:45

THE
AUSTIN H. KING

COLLECTION OF

OIL PAINTINGS,

At Absolute Auction,

MR, SAM. P, AVERY, JR, will assist in
the management,

Admission Free,

. 3 ', ang
Fifth Avenue Auction Rooms,
28s Fifth Avenue
WM. B. NORMAN, Auctioneer,

NOW ON EXHIBITION,

DAY AND EVENING,

EXECUTOR’S SALE,

BY ORDER OF

Mr. THOMAS B, DONALDSON,
OF PHILADELPHIA, EXECUTOR,

OF AN
IMPORTANT POLLEC TION
or

OIL PAINTINGS,

By Celebrated European and Americas
Masters,
INCLUDING

Authentic Examples by  Meissonier,

Troyon, Diaz and others,
With additions from Private Families of

ESPECIALLY SELECTED WORKS

BY DISTINGUISHED AMERICAN AND
FOREIGN ARTISTS,

TO RE SOLD BY AUCTION
}

THURSDAY AND tIDAY EVENINGS,
FEBRUARY &tha h, at 8 O'CLOCK

 
 

 

Hank Pays 20 Per Cent,

Ranway, \.0., Feb. 4.-The stockholders of
the new national bank of this city held a meete

ingeon Satu y evening and elected the fole
lowing dire

Willlam H. Howard, Ross
Vanderhoven, William Edgar, Thomas H,
Roberts, Garrett S. Jones, George 8. Brasher
and Bensamin A. Vail With the evcertions of
Jones, who resides at Keyport, and Edgar, at
Woodbridwe, allare residents of this city. Mr,
Howard, who is County Clerk of Union eounty,
hes been chosen as President and Mr, Jones is
to be the cashier,
fhe trustees of the Union County Bank
which suspended payment after a two days?
runon Jan. ", declared a partial dividend of
oy per eent. on Saturday to depositors and
creditors,

—————_— |
Business Notices,

 

 

 

rs

 

 

  

Tf vou Jack appetite, try half a wine glnes

 

of Angostura Bittera before dinner Dr. Sieyvert’s
the genuine, inported from South America
(oo a aan

COSTELLO. In Lowell, Mase, Charles R. Coatella,
Funeral, Wednesday, Feb. 7, tooo

NEDESON. At New Pronawick No n Saturday,
Feb 5, 1000, Robert WH. Neilson, in the 74th year
of his aye .

Funera jeans willbe held at his late residence,
35 George st,on Wednesday next at 2.90 PLM,
Kelatives and frienda are reapectfully invited
to attend

SINCLAIR, On Sunday. Feb. 4, 1900 at her reale
dene, * Baa 68d «tf, Mary J Sloane, wife of Joba
J. Sinclair
Notice « eval hereafter
SMITH, Sudieniy.on Feb 4 1% at her res{-
dence, Osa Pulaski et. B N Y ,@#arah R.,
wifeofll ©. Smith, ayed Ho ‘
Notice i] hereafty

(i METERY,

CVPRISS HILLS
usd at.y N. Ve

Office, 1 Madison av., corner

 

 

Relinious Potices,
The Salvation Army—20th Anniversary.

arnegic Hall, Tues, beb. 15th, at SP. M,

COMWANDER AND CONSUL BOOTH.TUCKER

Commissioner Howard of london, Png, and 700
fieors from Various parts ot the United States
Adnussion Free. bas thona 25, and 109,
Apply ative lath st

vend me

124 W

 

 

i New Publications. oe
| AM THE LARGEST BUYER
OLD BOOKS AND AUTOSRAPHS

nthe United States Always want collections
and pay good prices,
East 420 Street,

GEO. D. SMITH,! f2" Vork City.

AL $1.50 books, tm Transvaal from Within,”

$2.15 net, Briton & Boers Maikan,!| Wiliam

I OOK BUYERS love “PRATT Ss” admirable Browey
“PBALL lovesthe book buyers Aul Oth ee