——

cere nt AT LLOL LCL  E ea

 

MUST NOT TEACH CLASSICS.

ROME DECIDES AGAINST AMERICAN
CHRISTIAN BROTUERS,

Decision Believed to Be Vinal Settlement
of a Contention That Was Long ta
Abeyances Possible Eifect tpoen the Ine

stitutions of the Order in This Country.
Definite news has just been received ta this
Wity as tothe decision ofthe authoriles yi the
Catholle Chur th in Rome fu the ease of the

 

Obristian Brothers, who appealed from the
order of their Froneh superiors commanding
in thelr

them to cease teaching the clissies
achools and colleges inthis country, When it
was announced by cable a fow weeks ago that
the Roman authorities had decided agalast the
Brothera the hope was expressed by thelr
friends here that the ease was not so bad as
was reported, The Romeo
Freeman's Journal, a well*known
newepaper, in its issue ofthis week, says that
not only have the American Brothers lost at
Rome, but that there fs not the slightest hove
fora modiflvation of the verdict.

“The Propaganda,” writes the correspondent,
*met in plenary assembly, has reached a nan:
fmous decision inthe matter; the decision has
been submitted to and approved by the Holy
Father, and though the question is neither
doctrinal! nor disciplinary, St Augustine's fa-
mous phrase is once more inorder: “Roma
locuta est, causa finitaest’ ‘Rome haa spoken
and the matter has ended). Henceforth the
Christian Brothers of Aimerica, as well as
everywhere else, must drop the teaching of the

classics from the curriculum, This time there
is no loophole of escape auy Brothers who re-
fuse tosubmit have only one alternative left
therm, that of leaving the congregation.”
Friends of the Brothers in this country have
repeatedly declared that in the event ofan ad-
verse decision from Kome, they would be forced
to sever thelr connection with the Froeoch or-
der and establish an out-and-out American
community, Such a step was thought to be
not only possible, but probable, as it was be-
Heved all the American Brothers were aeejnat
18

rresvondent of the
Catholia

  

he decree of their French
Rome correspondent declares, however, that
such a change {is impossible because the
authorities at Rome would not allow it. He

superiors

ways
“It has been surmised that inthe hypothesis
of this decision, the American Brothers would
appeal to Rome to have their status recognized
@s AsepaArate congregation and be allowed to
etain possession of the schools which they
avecreated) But Lam in @ position to state
that no such concession will be granted, Nor,
indeed, apart from my wuthoritative informa.
tlon on the subject, would such & coneession be
atall likely in the light of some of the f
which came out during the searching tnyestiga-
tion made by the Propaganda on all the facts
in the case. In the first place, Itwaserroneous
to atyle Archbishop Riordan as_ the re-
resentative of the American hierarchy, When
ishop Byrne came here tu the early part of last
half 1 Was the representative of less than

 

 

   

alf of the American hierarchy—forty-four
Bishops out of a total of about a hundred
rebbishop Riordan had still fewer behind
im. Ho expressed the views of only thirty-
two Bishops
thirty-two, only eix could be said to be direauy
nterested inthe question as having Christian
rothers’ achools in their dioceses, The ad
esion of the other twenty-six was of a com
plimentary and platonie character, and as such
earried little or no weight with the Cardinals
apd consultors of the Propaganda
“Moreover, in the searching examination
made by the Sacred Congregation the extra-
ordinary fact care out that, far from there be-
ing substantial unity of feeling on they
among the American Brothers themselye
majority of them were in favorot leaving clns-

 

 

ieal education to other hands and conforming |

hemselvea to the letter anc spirit of their rul
the will of their higher superiora and the
ree issued by the Propaganda many years ago
t will thus be seen that the decision just
reached was the only under the
elrcumstances.”
riends of the Brothers declare that
Brothers will now be forced te abandon

  

One possible

the

their

academies and colleges in the United States, |

Ince no Catholic students will eure to atrend
natitutions of secondary education where the
classics aro not taught, In this city the

Christian Brothers teach the classtes in Man-
hattan College, Broadway and West 132d
street, and in the De La Salle Institute in West
Fifty-ninth street.

BUICIDE FORBID TO

A Disease of Civilization Says Felix Adler
The Preventive.
Dr. Felix Adler talked on “The Ethics of
Buicide” to the Society for Ethical Culture ta
Carnegie Hall yesterday morning. “Suicide is

MODERNS,

 

@ disease of civilization,” he said, “and it has |

been on the Increase in tho present century.
It is estimated that the number of suicides has
tripled ina hundred years. It increases as we
go from the lessto the more civilized nations,
Germany, sometimes called the most highly
civilized, 1s the blackest apot in the way of
suicides, It increases as we go from the
lesa to the more liberal creeds, In
the Greek Church the suicides are only
forty to the million. In the Roman
Catholic the number is fifty-eight, and in the
Protestant Churches it rises to 100, There
are more suicides in summer than in winter,
by day than by night, by moonlight than when
there leno moon; they increase when there is
achange from dry tu wet weather; three times
as many men a8 women kill themselves, These

external conditions must be taken merely as
predisposing oceastons, not veritable causes,
As civilization increases there is a greater
number of people whose minds are too weak to
adjust themselvesto the complex conditions
created by civilization.
“We have no right to do asthe stoles did.
In our world to-day there is the new insight
that sees the duty ofcontributing tothe world’s
yrogress, We've got to stay here whether we
ike it or not. Itis nota question of liking.
The poopie who say that their lives are empty
are playing with fire, They are weakening one
of the links of the chain, preparing the way for
lelding in the moment of temptation, There
snoreason foranempty life. It would take
up one’s whole time to keep up, even in a
superficial way, with the scientific discoveries
that are made day by day. Read, think, lenda
hand, discuss! Your life is empty’ You can
eform the world. You can at least do this
ou can decrease the number of the ignorant
yone; then you have moved the world on,
There is po one in this world but ean find one
Joneller, none so Wanting sympathy but can
find some one who needa it more, Think of
the needs of others and forget yourself and,
without yourasking, kindness will come back
to you and cheer youin your darkest hour. All
you need is to open yourevesand sea the needs
of other people and your life will be rich,
“Does chronic sickness appeal to usas an ex-
cuse for suleide, on the ground of unselfish.
ness; a desire not to tie dear ones to a sick-
room? Are not the virtnes that bloom on the
bed of paly and beside it falrer than any blos-
eome in Nature's garden’ Is not the sickroom
the schoolroom of the noblest qualities that
endow human nature? Those who have passed
through this go out intothe world better and
stronger. Even Schopenhauer, pessimist as
he was, who has deseribed the fils attendant
upon human existence aa noone else has, for-
bide suicide, Decause it is useless: it doesn't
settlo anything. Aman who commits suteide
goea off with his task undone: he hasn't
solved his probletu. We sre here to suivea
problem and to fulfil a task.”

PASTOR AT ST,

    

  
 

 

A\EW STEPHEN'S,
The Rev, Mr, Moran succeeded by the Rey,
N. AL Spagle.

St. Stephen's Protestant Episcopal Chureh ut
Kixty-ninth street and Broadway, which haa
been out of favor with Bishop Potterever since
{t removed from its old location at Forty
street, now seems in afair way t
differences with the authorities

sixth
» settio ite
{the dioeese

 

More significant still, of these |

 

the congregation {s still out of union with the
diocesas coma ne Biahop Potter has not
visited the church for confirmations singe It
moved, Sone months ago the rector, the Rev,
Dr ©. BR. Treat, died auddenly, Very soon
after this Bishop Potter sailed for the Philip.
ines, whence he is expected to return about

| March 1 After Bishop Potter's departure the
| vestry of sf Stephen's en@aged the Kev
Clay Scrat to take temporary charge of the

church His engagement was by the mooth,
but his understanding was that the church
intended to make hin ite reetor

tdeveloped soon after Mr. Moran's engages
ment that his incumbency was likely to wider
the broveh between the chureh and the Bishop
Mr. Moren bad sought tebe reetor of st
Cliton, Staten Istand, and Bishop Hotter bad
refused to receive him in this a because,
agit was sald, Bishop Paret of the Maryland
diocese, to which Mr, Moran belonged, would
bot grant him the necessary papers Whea
this Was learned and Mr, Moran waa asked

  
 

oes

  

about it, he declared that he could get bis pa-
pers from Bishop Paret if the vestry would
make him rector, Although it is) ads
mitted that the condition of the church

  

improved under Mr. Moran's charge, the de
sireto bring the chureh again into harmony
with the Bishop, added to soime dissatisfaction
felt because of ohanges made by Mr. Moran
determined the vestry notto make Mr. Moran
rector, butto choose another forthe place, As
result the veatry senta letter to Mr. Moran two
weeks ago, enclosing a check for his services
andtelling him that he would not be needed
after Jan. ‘41 The following Sunday Mr
Moran read this letter to the congregation and
waked the vestry to tell him why he had been
treated thus :

There was much sympathy felt for him by
members of the congregation, and it seemed
foratimeas tf serfons dissension might arise
from the aetion of the vestry, but danger of
this seemed to have disappeared yesterday
The Rey, Nathan A. Seagle is a@ little more
than #0 years old, and comes froin South
Carolina. He has recently been an assistant
pastor at St. Thomas's Church at bifth avenue
and Fifty-third street, He is engaged by St
Stephen's only until the return of: Bishop
Potter, but if the Bishop approves will probas
biy be made rector,

GOLDEN

 

ST, BRIGID'S JUBILEE,
The Event Celebrated With Special Services
at the Church Vesterday,

The golden jubilee of St) Brigid's Church at
Avenue B and Eighth street wag celebrated
yesterday, the feastday of St. Brigid of Tre-
land, and there was a very large attendance of
clergymen aud the laity atthe Pontifical bigh
massat}to'clock. American and Irish flags
hung down fromthe cholrloft andthe front
ofthe galleries was decorated with gold and
whitecloth with green ribbons binding the
fest Green curtains hung over the sac-
Archbishop Corrigan celebrated
the mass. The ceremony began witha pro-
cession from the sacristy upthe side aisle to
the church entrance and down the main aisle
to the altar A number of acolytes and
Christian Brothers led the procession and they
were followed by the officiating clorgymen.
They were the Archbishop, the Rev, Dr BR
lL. Burtsell of Rondout, assistant priest;
deacons (of honor, the Rev, James I
MeGean of St. Patrick's Church aad the Rey,
John Fk, Kearney of St. Patrick's Church; dea-
con of the mass, the Rev. Philip A. Meister of
Croton; subdeacou of the mass, the Rey, P. H,
Drain of St Brigid's: subdeacon of the cross,
the Rev, T. A, Thornton of St. Gabriel's
} Church. The Rey. James N. Connolly, the
| Archlishop's private secretary, Was master of

wremonies The Rev. Dr. Patrick Francis
MeSweeny, rector of the church; Bishop Far-
sley of Buffalo, Mer, Cannon of
id Myer. Mooney, Viear-General, fol

Archbishos The sermon was
preached by Bishop Quigley, who sald tn part

SS ne

 

ons,

risty doors

 

 

  
 

A wonderful work has been secomplished
lere since the church was founded fifty years
lou If there are any among you who were

here at that ren
bration must be
j the young priestcame bh
} did not flnd what St met with, people
} without faith, The priest founda people with
} a most lively faith, who had suffered through
j centuries for their religion and had given
}

te time lam sure this cele-
th happiness. When
fifty years ago he

 

 

 

 

    

 

many martyra to the faith. The Trish people
never faltered at any timein their allegiance to
the Pope. They shed their blood for the relig-
ion whose head is at Rome and worshipped
(vod according to this faith in spite of all perse-

 

cution, Many a=otime the Irish priest or
Jishop bad to offer up the holy sacrifice
of the mass in a cave, a. barn, in
the woads oor it some other place

|

|
of concealment. But the Irish people remained
faithfulintheirallegiance, They had nothing
fosustain tham in the most critieal periods of
their political history but the priest, They
could have no church or place of worstMp : the
priest had to keep in hiding like a eriminal and
the only thing of value that he had was the

chalicesuch asthe one used in this service

to-day, Which has been in use since the six-
teenth century. This chalice hos the dents
upon it sustained when the priest who was

using ithadtorun from mountain to cave to
escape the enemies of his religion

St. Brigid’s Church was founded when there
was nochurch for English-speaking Catholies
onthe hast Side between St. Mary's, in Grand
and St. Stephen's, in East ‘Twenty.
eighth street.

street

MEN INSPIRED TO-DAY AS OF OLD,

Sermon of Prof, MeGitfert, Alleged Heretic
in a Congregational Church,

Prof. Arthur C, MeGiffert, who {fs under
charges of heresy before the New York Pres-
bytery, preached yesterday at the Manhattan
Congregational Church, Broadway and Kighty-
third street, inthe absence of the pastor, In
Stimson, who preached in New Haven, Prof
Mcdiffert’s theme was the necesaityofa strong
belief in the e ant presence of God on
earth, He argued that a great mistake was
made in modern daya by the fostering of a
belief that God, having revealed himself in
ancienttimesonve, had withdrawn his presence
from the earth. Goud, said Prof, MeGiffert,
reveals himself in nature und inthe works of
men, asa living God through a living Christ to
living men, © Recognition of this was never
more needed than in this age of selentifie
thought in which men insisted on the per.
mauence and uniformity of law, and esteemed
us valuable only first-hand facts

Once, Prof. MeCiilfert said, it was easy tocon-
vince men that God had inspired certain per.
sons long ago and that none other draws his
inspiration from him. Nowthe conditions are
changed, and men belleve that if God inapired
of old he inspires men to

“God is always present,” continued Prof
MeGiffert. “Heis not a distant God that re-
Vealed himself only onee A hidden
Giod that uncovers himesell but. infrequently
Men see him all about them The trreligion
which denies the existence of God is not as
dangerous as that which always finds him
somewhere e! :

 

         

 

 

      

 

is hot

 

PEWS NOT FULL IN BRICK CHURCH,
Pastor Babcock Suggests That Pewholders
Should Give the Strangers Seats,

The floating population of the churches
which always goes to the church with the now.
est pastor has been overcrowding the Brick
Church for the few Sundays since the Rey
Maltbie Babeock came there, Yesterday the
congregation was very slow in getting seated
and some persons atood up throughout the
services, although all the pews were not full
Before beginning his sermon, which was on

k made n few sug-

Jacob and Bsan, Mr. Babcou
Beet! ns about the { He suggested that
iolders_of pews i ntofthe church enter
atthe Thirty-seve street door and try to
wetin early; also thatifthey had spare seats
in their pews, (hey themselves Invite strangers
having no seats tooceupy them

I think fyou will have any eause to
regret such action.” he said: “and T am sure
there is nothing which could more enhance the
good fame of achureh than Christian ushering
of this king ou the part ef the pewholders,”

 

 

  

none ¢

Father Ducey's Birthday,
The Rav. Vather Dueey,

pastor of St. Leo's
Church fn Past Twenty-eighth street, was 57
years old yesterday, and after the sermon at

the morning services he announeed the fact to

 
   

 

 

 

the congregation He thanked them for thei
0 broug sate 8 On Rregation ( eit
and t | brought again into union | loyal devotion to him and to the interests of
with the dioeesar convention As an’} the enurch, The regular monthly tl
evidence of this the hye \ 4. Neng took | ace yesterday, and ] nine r a
‘ ais i‘ s asking the eongre@ation to be liberal, ‘are
has ‘en placed in) charge upon the that he had been misunderstood when at lact
advice of the standing com ttea of the dios | Sunday's services, in announeing the collec.
cease in place of the Rev tion, he reminded the e«
; eo] F. Clay Moran, wh Wis open to receive danatio

Continued presence in thepulp toss s

it was believed would tend to widen the bre veoh
with the Bishop, Mr. Seagle preached his
first sermon in the ehureh terda

Tho Rev. My. Moran, it was said Was somueh

Piyved at his dismissal thot he had threater ‘a

tatnat a rpr bt oeen
}
but if such had ever been his

to enter a protest
Dying the pulp
Hifention there was no evi

for the services ithe !
tended, and was not interrupt

fit yesterday,
NE was well ate

  

 

   

  

 

 

Pouritanion) Sunday in Norwath,

Vnd Mayor
ediet the elty of
lay was like Sunday in the
time of the gland forefathers All the
stores, exe i stores, were e osed and

the average tie wl
M 1 tled to t
Cisne anid 1 pefr ty in hin

YORWALK, Conn Feb, 4
Char Bohannon’s latest
South Norwak ¢

es G

 

  

 

 

 

" ny Way night had aha saments on saturday
\ ene te it St Stephen's bogan when it | ¢  Narwalt vat oe unles he journeyed

wght tho fer , ‘ . 7 ! i Ail away yhere
Z igh f hapel tl Transflgura- Mayor Char ! er rules at ahve Thue
fon and moved into it, This chapel had been Bonn toe People demand at he will do nothing
eb el r years by the late Rey, Dr that th le , ae y u ude eXCOpE TO BEX

ughton, reve {the “Little Chureh Around | zet i tor : + re cote Gor
the Cornes 1 hen ®t. Steph « Minvedl | ate ithe niathation indly con
} allege. Dv the ehureh tuthori that

pO RO Cry taieh Tres i ’ « t priet .
of their Raine thew , te b ‘A raty | A Belleville Charen Dedicated,
there. Bishop Porter, however, took 4 dine | Beunrvinee, No, k bali
ent view of the mate it. nit re | Method , ' 4--The Weasley

an! Z yea ios ethodist Chu nf) — i °

oo nen 8 AS Boing into a wf ie anid lest in th os ' biace, one of the
taining permission ton frst’ obs | of Methodists in New Jers me niher church
which {s against the | Wha move, | edifloe tata he chureh’ ouieated its new
v} 1 gainst the tt dinvese Weel. 4] rea e ehurch was organized in

atéel ores the woke we there we ye new building is at Washington

uarre Ver " , ‘ ; 7 vas ’yenue an \endemy eee wat
Quarrel over the possession of the eye and | sermon a cardemny tt The morning

seaghed by Bish v Luss,

THE BROOKLYN REVIVAL

John's, |

eee

 
     

 

Dr, BROUGHTON'’S TALK YESTERDAY
WAS ABOUT “HEAVEN,”

He Knows It's a Place mod Not « State of
Mind and He Fepects When He Gets
There to Keep On Making Addresses—A
Willlamsburg Pastor Disapproves of Him

The Rey, Dr. Len C. Broughton of Atlanta,
Gia., will deliver his last address in the present
revival In Brooklyn to-night at the Hanson
Pioce Baptist Chureh, He was the principal
speaker in the Academy of Musie in that
borough yesterday afternoon, The hall was
filed and husdreds were turned away. The
services began with singing by Prof, Jacobs,
Then were several selections by the
Viske Jubilee Singers andthe Rey. Dr. David
Gregg, pastor of the Lafayette Avenne Preshy.
terian Church, offered prayer, The Kev, Theo-
dore 8. Henderson, who presided, spoke of the
great work that had heen accomplished in
Lrooklyn during the revival and presented a
series of resolutionsin which the Horton law
was denounced, the Legislature waa called
upon to repeal it, and Gov, Roosevelt was in-
dorsed forthe stand he had taken againat it,
The resolutions were unanimously adopted by
a rieing vote

Dr. Broughton then sald he waa glad that the
Governor of this Stata had shown himself on
the side of right and justice and he hoped this
would always be the case
“When athing strikes New York,” he added,
it strikes the whole country. This great
gathering shows what can be accomplished
even in Brooklyn, I thank God for thisdemon-
stration.”

He satd his subject was “Heaven” and he
wanted to produce conviction in the hearts of
men and women who were rebelling against
Christ.

“Tbelleve in making flat-footed statements
in the interest of Christ,” hesaid. “Corist has
saidthere issucha place as Heaven, There-
fore, it must bea fact, Heaven isthe hope of
the soul of the man redeemed, Heaven is a
place of geographical location, Christ says ‘I
go to prepare a place for you.’ Some peopla

say that Heaven isa atate, but Christ says it is
a p-lea-cee, Which spells place and not. state,
It isa determined place for everyone that be-
lieves in Him. Ido not know where it ts, but
we shall spend eternity there,

“Heaven isto bea place of large numbers,
Why, this _erowd would be only an atom tn
Heaven. Lioveacrowd, Lexpect to tive and
move and speak to the erowds in Heaven.
There are some ministers in this city who do
not believe in crowds aud asa result they have
venty of elbow room in their echurehes, A
sSrooklyn man said he would be willing to pay
pearly a the expenses of the church ff they

t

 

there

would only return to the old pewerenting sya-
tem, becanse he wanted to be sure of @ seat
whenever he attended the ehurch, | may bea
treading on somebody's toes, but Tin telling
truths. Heaven isto bea cosmopolitan popu-
lation made up of rich and poor, Ignorant and
learned, black, white, red, green and yellow it
there are any such in this world, and of all de-
grees. The crowd is to be clothed in white
robes and will carry palms in their hands,
White is the symbol of purity and palms are
the symbols of victory

Men are living to-day as though there was
asnb-station between here and Heaven, and
when they get off the train they expect to be
given the robes of white aud the palms of vie-
tory in order to present themselvesat the gates
of Heaven, But ifthey have not conquered in
this world they will not beable to conquer in
the next. Have vou got a palm of vietory?
There are some churches in this city where
aman if he should get up and shout ‘Praise
the Lord!’ would be put out. But when we
get to Heaven we willsing and praise God all
day and all night. What is wanted in our
churches to-day ts more liberty. We want to
get away from the old customs f youdo not
shout and praise God now, how are yor going
todo it Phen you get to Heaven? I want you
to get to Heaven by means of the blood of
Christ.. It will be the blood that will pass us
through the doors of Heaven. I want the peo-
ple of Brooklyn to get out of thelr environ.
ments and see Jesus as I us Was never

 

eis. Je

on trial as much as He is in this eity to-day
Dr. Broughton then asked all who had found
Christand were willing to acknowledge Him

There wasa long pause
getup

to rise in their seats
and Dr, Broughton begged them t
“Do not be ashamed, ' he said, “but get right
up and vou can sit down again at ones,”

One woman arose, “Thank God,” sald Dr
Broughton, Then anotherancd another stood
up and in each case Dr. Broughton said “thank
God Probably thirty. persons responded to
this invitation, and Dr, Broughton said in cous
clusion that be was glad there were some per-
sons in Brooklyn who had found God and were
willing to acknowledge him publicly.

The Rey, Howard William Ennis, pastor of
the First Reformed Church, at Bedford avenno
and Clymer street, Willlamaburg, is one of the
clergymen In that section of Brooklyn who do
not approve ofthe manner in which Dr Brough
ton expressed himeelf last week at the revival
service, Toa SUN reporter last evening M2
Ennis sald that the best thing to do was to

 

 

 

Dr. Broughton leave the community quietly
and the jase aaid about him the better, He
then showed the reporter the fol ing an-
nounecement, Which he had read from) his

if

his church a
past, and reinain as prone
simple and Lioad expositi the relig
s, the Christ; as opposed to sense

Ist ID resol having acti
with all and every phase of honest
righteousness with no animus against
nomina 1, respecting freedom
and diseountens ig uncharitable disparage
ment ofauy. With this distinet und tanding,
and on these conditions, owr doors ¢ thrown
wide open toany and all efforts for the better-
ment of our fellows

A revival service will begin in this church to-
night.

 
 

lits pulpit have stood in the
uneed to-day tor a

   
 
 
 

 

 

 

of conselenes

   
   

 

DR. PETERS S4AVS GUOOD-RY,

He Tells His Congregation That He Ie
About to Leave--A Note of Warning.
The Rev. Dr. Ma
Bioomingdale Reformed Chureh,
congregation his letter of resignation at
morning service yesterday Phe letter was re.
ceived with evidences of regret by many ot the

lison (. Peters, of the
read to his
the

 

women inthe congregation, althong@h a veiled
threat in remarks with which Dr. Petara sup-
plemented the letter intimated that there were

those in the church who were not
him go, and who concealed their joy for politic
reasons. There is some feeling on the part of

sorry to sea

 

 

the officers of the church that Dr, Peters’s an-
nouncement that his doctrinal differences with
the Reformed Charch were vital that

could not longer stay in that communion waa

inconsiderately sudden

The announcement reached the newspapers
before any hint of it was known to most of the
congregation and, indeed, to most of the offl-
cers ot the chureh, Dr. Voters's plans for the

future areas yet indefinite; he intends to be.
come a Baptist. But he intends to leave New
York at once, and while he said that he hopes
that he may some day be permitted to return,
Dr. Peters did not say why he was going to
leave this city,or to what city Se was going

 

In an interview after the service he rey
emphatieally his assertion that af anybody in
the eongregation had anvthing against him,
that person did not dare say anything alout it
His fundamental difference in doetrine with
the Reformed Church is that he does 1 t
lieve in the baptism of infants who eannot ex.
ereise free will in reeeiving the rite He was
asked whether he might not have found in
some one of the eleven sub-divisiona of the
Reformed conim mm. Whieh he sald) were
open to him who would make a ehoiee, one
that was in agreement with his beliefs as to the
baptism of infants

Oh, well he said,

ited

  

with a grin, "
mostiva s, alleleven of 'em

Yo bitward Mastin, the

ehurch, was asked how the resignation of Dr
Peters would affect the church. Hes:
only time could determine that. He profe
to know nothing ofany teeling on the part of

   
 

 

 

senior elder of the

  
 

 

 

  

 

 

   

anybody in the congregation that made the
note of warning inthe pastor's farewell neaos-
sary. Tt was evident from what Mr. Mastin
said that the officers ofthe ehureh think they
huves been very well t ted ty the pastor
We knew thing Dy. Det Intentions

of iy urtil Thorsdav of last he sald
‘when the aistory qpet The news had
reached the pnt some time before Phat
those things always getout from this chureh
isevi i the remarkable er ferprise of the
Hewspay

“Not Iways ofthe newspapers,” said a by-
stan

“TL accept the

endment,” said Mr. Mastin
with some fee ‘

   

TROMPEN STIL IN “tis Veredr,

The Classis Senda n Man to Ge cupy tt but
Constable Goetschins Is on Guard,

Ramsey, Feb. 4.—The
the Kev. Jacob N. Trompen and the ¢
Hackensack of the Christian Reformed ¢ hureh
yielded another chapter to-day when. the
endeavored to prevent him from oceu
pying the pulpitof his church here

Atits me iterson t Tuesday, it
devided to send one of its memovers, the Hey
F.0. Van Duyn of Montville, to announce to
the Ramsey congregation the oMeial aetion
against its pastor, andthen to preach to the
people untilbe was relieved by Classical au.

difference between

' of

Clussis

ting in P

 

a

 

 

thority, Meantime the Rev. C. D, De Mott of
Hackensack, clerk of the Classis, had visited
Ramsey and formally notified Mr, Trompen
and his consistory that they were under sua-
pension, and warned thera of the danger they
would tneur by acting contrary to the man-
date

Clerk De Mott was assured that the church
officers knew thelr duty. no part of which waa
to permit any person other than Mr, Trompen
to occupy their pulpit until all differences be-
tween the pastor and the Classis were settled
by the General Synod, to which appeal has been
taken by the local church on charges of contu-
macy, insubordination und several minor alles
gations, What the church would do in case of
adverse decision at the fountain head would be
promulgated when the erlals was reached.

To provide against any emergency Elder
Abraham A. Ackerman drove hastily to Allen-
dale and engaged Constable Henry H, Goet-
schins, He was standing guard atthe church
door at 8:30 o'clock this morning. He said his
purpose was to prevent a breach of the peace.
Ifthe Rev. Mr. Van Duyn or anybody else at-
tempted to force his way into the puipit he
would arrest him as a dlaorderly person an
take him before a justice of the peace. At!
e'elogk the Rev. Mr, Van Duyn and his brother
reached the church, where they were met. by
the pastor and his conasletory. He asked
whether the offleers would permit him to carry
out the directions of the Classis, and was told
any such action on his part would be treated
summarily; that there was only one pastor of
the chureh, and he alone would be allowed to
speak or preach in the edifice,

Mr. Van Duyn then sald that he would make
no demonstration, but would occupy a seat in
the pews, which he did.

The Rey, Mr. Trompen’s sermon was_ based
upon the words of Paul to Timothy (I ‘Tim.
i1., 3): “Dothou therefore endure hardness as
a good soldier of Jeana Christ.” He told his

weople they must follow the teaching of the
Master by loving truth, endure hardness and
not permit Satan to side-track them with
gossip or the vilification of those who did not
observe the law. Christ pronounced his most
awful woes upon those who turned and
twisted his laws in order to confound the
righteous-these would suffer worse than
those of Sodom and Gomorrah,

Tn his prayer Mr. Trompen declared that he
had nothing to fear from individuals or the
clasais while Christ was with him; neither
matics nor goasip nor enything else could keep
him from the right course,

After the sermon, Elder Ackerman, {na feel
{ng manner announced that the annual dona-
tion visit to the pastor was appointed forthe
eveniug of Fob, 14, and he urged all to come
with filled baskets and joyous hearts to show
their appreciation of Mr Trompen and bie
course, This appeal caused nearly all the
women and some of the men to use their
handkerchiefs, and one brother said with
emphasis, “We'll be there,” ;

The servies closed with the hymn, “Blest
Be the Tie That Binds.” and everybody waited
toshake hands with Mr. Tromven and thank
him for the stand he had taken

The Rey, Mr. Van Duyn was first to leave the
church, departing at once with his brother.
There was a question as to whether he had ful-
filed bis his mission in not making a publi¢
announcement to the congregation, but he said
he was a minister of peace, not of strife, and he
would answer to the Classis. The congrega-
tion was one of the largest that ever filled the
church. People had driven in from a!l parts of
the county. As an Indieation of the remark-
able interest in the gathering one brother re-
marked: “Why, even Dave Hen was there,
and that’s the first time he was in chureh in
ilfteen yeare,”

TALKS TO

Afterward He Is Bombarded With Ques-
tiens and Lenyves the Hall in a Hurry.
The aecond lecture of the series, which the

Central Federated Union has arranged to take

piace on the first Sunday of each month, was

delivered yesterday by the Rev. W. 8 Rains-
ford, rector of St. George's Episcopal Church,

It was his secondexperience with thedelegates

of the C. F, U. on their native heath, and when

the lecture was over and they proceeded to
pick flaws in {tand bombard him with hostile
questions, he left abruptly pleading another

+

RAINSPORD TABOR MEN,

 

engagemer
Dr. Rainstord was recefved with applause
when he appeared, About one-third of the
delegates were smoking cigars of various de-
grees of badness, and as an act of courtesy the
chairman ordered that the weeds be put aside,
Dr. Rainsford said he didn’t mind if the au-
didu't, but the smokers obeyed the
chairman, ‘The speaker began by saying that
all thoughtful persons were students of life
and death, but that thosa who were engaged
in the flereest the struggle
for existence were not in as good a position to
review the fleldas those who were in easier
eircumstances, In the latter class he included
If they were good men they were

dience

depths of

  
   

ergymen,

not under the controlof any manor party of
men, but judged for themselves, Every ad.
ince that was destined to be permanent was
f siow growth, Inthis age sucha doctrine
was not popular, but those who wanted 10 per
ent, and safety would surely fail. “You ean't

 

 

get it gentlemen,” be said, “eitherin finance,
morals or anything You can't bring per-
manent good quick "

 

the

Dr. Rainsford said French Revolution

was a casein point, At that time the eyes of all

Europe were centred on Paris, It gave all the
world a ray of hope Yet that revolution

brought miseryand a ruin greater than merely
that of property and fife, the ruin of Freneh
ideatiaan. The revolution started with liberty
and ended with Napoleon, The revolution in
Pngland inthe sixteenth and seventeenth con-
turies,on the other band, did good. It was

 

 

 

  

true the revolutiontists beheaded a King, but
the movement was rooted in the past, and was
a distinct advance in baunian liberty,

Ivy, Hiainsford talked at some length on the
conservative man, the enthusiastic man and
the thoughtful man, The conservative man
generally had a big slice of the social eake and

feared a change. The enthusiast wanted to
rush things toa much, but the thoughtful man
knew that if all the wealth of the world were
divided up, those who had the least right to it
would ina shorttime havethe largest share
men Who could net control it as wellas those
who accumulated wealth slowls “Soerety,
throngh slow evolution, howeve he said, “is
crowing better apd betrer, and everything will
work it for the be the er

The greatest « rto this country, Dr.
Rainsford said, was the disregard of the pecple
for their own | This applied to afl clagses,

 

  

laws
ften seen boys and girls not far from
h coming. from the saloon with
es of beer hidden beneath their eloth-
Those being taught to
evade the law. “You know,” he said, “that I
have always protested against the Sunday
law, and believe that saloons should be open
on Sunday Tremendous applause.! T hate
the law that isopposed tothe public conscience,

  
 
 
   

 

children, were

 

 

I hate agitation which is ahead of pub-
lie opinion. It applies to the man with a
mean littl pull with a roundsman on

the man who has a

his beat, up to
pull with the distri tleader. The same thing
that is begetting lawlessness in Keutucky is
begetting it here. Kentucky has one form of
lawlessness and other cities have other forms,
The labor agitator or reformer, and [ suppose
lam the latter, who says, however, that every.
thing is bad and that the vity government is all
rotten isa8 dangerous asthe system he eon.
The man Who brought about the pas-
soge ofthe law to give one man the powerover
another is as and anarchistie aa the
skunk Who killed Goebel The chief sinners
arethe menot larger intelligence who made
such conditions possible as now prevail in
Kentueky

At the conclusion of his remarks, Dr, Rains-
for! for a time submitted to a fusillade of
moreor less relevant questions put te bim by
delegates who apparently did not coincide with
all the views expressed by the clergyman, But
When Borondess, the man who used to lead
the Bast Sidefclonkmakerain all their strikes
Kotup. Dr. Rainsford seized bis hatand rushed
from the hall A dozen or so delegates, be-
sides Barondess,were on their feet at the same
time, clamoring forachanee to ask questions,
andas dr. Rainsford made bis escape Morris
Brown of the Cigarmakers’ and Robert Winston
g£otinto a tirious altercation

‘TH punch your faee, you
Winstor

“Tm not a Sheeny: ['maman. roared Brown,
Bteppingg out, “and ii you want to puneh me
just try it

Several delegates int
order, and the meering

  

 

demna,

 

Wiss

 
 

    
 

Sheeny,” said

ervened to
adjourned,

 

 

preserve

Telephone Service
at Your Residence

is Useful Always,

Helpful Very Often

and

Indispensable on Occasions.

Rates in Manhattan

from

Sixty Dollars a Year.

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY,
INS West 38th St. 952 Broadway. 15 Dey St.

a

FOR FORTY DAYS,

OBJECTS PROPOSED FOR HIMSELF
BY MILTON RATHBUN,

He Will Show the World Thata Man Can
Fast as Long as That and Attend to
Business, Too--He Wants Also to Reduce
His Weight—Says Me's Not Hungry.

Mount? Veron, N.Y, Feb. 4.—Milton Rath-
bun, a resident of this city, has not yet broken
the fast of forty dava which he began last week.
He wants to demonstrate that a person can
do without food without giving up his daily
routine of business or suffering any great
inconvenience, providing he has a well-
nourished physique to atart with, Last spring
Mr. Rathbun attracted attention by fasting
twenty-eight days, In that time he reduced
his weight forty-two pounds. The present
fast began Jan. 22, and Mr. Rathbun is keep-
ing itforthe joint purpose of decreasing bis
own weight and forthe benefit of other people
who are inconventenced by a superabundant
amount of flesh. His dally routine as out-
lined by him toa reporter 1s as follows:

6-30 A. M., arises and takes sponge bath;
7 o'clock, one glass spring water; 7:45, walks
to railroad station and takes commuters’ train
to New York; 8:30, weighs and measures his
body; 120’clook, takes short walk and drinks
another glass of water; © o'clock, returns to
Mount Vernon; 7 o'clock, another ginsa of
Frater; 8 o'clock, drinks more water; BU, re-

rea

Hie daily consumption of water averages two
quarts, and he is getting rid of about two
pounds of flesh a day.

“When I began fasting,” said Mr, Rathbun
to-night, “I weighed 207 pounds. On, Satur-
day I weighed 12 pounds By Maroh 1 I ex-
pect to have my weight reduced to 160 pounda,
when I shall end my fast, have no craving
for food, yet I enjoy seeing other people eat
heartily. am never hungry, and. seldom
thirsty, but sometimes I get a little feverish,
This is caused by the tissues being absorbed.
My greatest denire is to get asleep as soon os
possible at night, and give my brain a rest. In
my opinion abstinance from food for certain
lengths of time will cure nervousness and
headaches, and prevent apoplexy.”

 

   

 

TWO MOTOR CARS IN A TRAIN,

 

An Effort to Prevent Delnys Caused by the
Burning Out of Fuses,

There was a new scheme tried on the Fifth
Avenue line of the Brooklyn Elevated Railroad
yesterday intended to prevent delays caused
by the burning out of fuses on the motor cars,
Two of the latter kind of cars were attached to
each train, one at the front and one atthe rear,
Ifthe leading motor car gave out the other
could shove it to {ts destination. The day
passed without a chance totest thescheme, for
not a fuse burned out.

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

 

MINIATURE ALMANAC-—THIS Day,

...7:05 | Sun seta 5:22 | Moon rises 12:00
HIGH WATER-THIS DAY

Sandy Hook.11:82 | Goy, 1'd.12:04 | Hell Gate, ..1:57

Sun rises

 

Arrived—Scuxpay, Feb. 4.
Sx Anchoria, Wilson, Glasgow, Jan 18,
Ss La Champagne, Fagolle, Havre, Jan, 27,
Se Patricia, Leithauser, Hambure, Jan, 21,
Ss Ydun, Christensen, Bergen, dan, 6,
Ss Buffalo, Leveridge, Hull, Jan, 20.
Ss Mozart Ellis, Santos, Dec, 2y
Ss Jrinidad, Fraser, Bermuda, Feb, 1,
Ss Ponce, Dyer, Pouce, Jan, 20,
Ss Mariposa, Walker, Sunderland, Jan. 17,
Ss Caribbee, Scott, Demerara, dan, 25
be Goldsboro, French, Phil odelphia Feb, 3,
ss Hamilton, Boaz, Norfolk, Feb. 4
S« Horatio Hall, Brage, Portland, Feb, 2.
Ship Lord Shaftesbury, MeCarthy, Yokohama,
June 29,

ARRIVED OUT.
Sa La Bretagne, from New York, at Havre,

GATLED FROM FORBIGN PORTS
8s Darmstadt, from New York, at Bremen,

 

OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS
Sail Today,
Mails se,

Veesel sail,
London,

Menominee eres

Hevelius, La Plate 1000 AM 200M
Catnatense, Barbados, 200PM 400PM

Nal To-morrow,

Saale, Bremen tee evereee 700AM IOOOAM
Caracas, La Guayra 1L0O AM 100 PM
Comanche, Charleston ROOPM
Fl Moute, New Orleans . ° sO0OPM
Hispania, Hayti too PM “kOOPRPM
Dorset, La Plata 12600M 200PM
Hansa, lnagua. lLOoU PM soorpM

Sat! Wednesday, bed, ?

 

 

 

 

St. Paul. Southampton... 7TOOAM THOOAM
Germanic, Liverpool .., woOAM 200M
Westernland, Antwerp 1080 AM >00M
Seneca, Havana » 100PM oo PM
Trinidad, Bermuda » SOOAM OOAM
Sen Marcos, Galveston ‘ S00PM
Athoa. Colon sone WSOAM 100 PM
Anchoria, Glasgow WoUAM 100M
Sail Thursday, Fe?
Ja Champagne, Havre... TUOAM 1OOOAM
Matanzas, Tampico coos BOOP M oOPM
Er) Mar, New Orleans e 300 PM
Sautiago de Cuba, Guan
tauanio Loo PM 200PM
INCOMING STREAMS HIPS,
Due To-day.
Pordeaty jan, &
Bremen fan VO
Christiansand Jan. 37
Liverpool Jan, dy
Port Spain Jan, 2s
Kotterdam...... Jan, 24
Gibraltar Jan. 2)
Hamburg Jan 21
Armenia Stettin Jan. 200
Bl WERE... severe sive eonens New Orleans Jan, so
British: King Antwerp ’ Jan, 24
Alabama st. Lueia Jan, 24
Cyren St. 1 Jan. 2s
Colorady Brouswiek Feb. 2
Due Tuesday, Feb. 6
Kensiagton Antwerp Jan, 27
Taurie Liverpoo ; Jan. 27
Knieht of St. George Antwerp,..... Jan. 2
Chicago City swansea Jan ;
Knickerbov ker New Orleans dan, M1
kl Norte New Orleaus Fel i
fue Wednesday, Feb. -
Fuerst Bismarck Genoa ’ Jan, 2
Domini > Pura Jan, 2
Trojan Prince (iibraltar Jan, 24
Pergeste Gibraltar Jan. 24
Nueces Galveston Jan 44
Flasman St. Lucia . Jan. 80
Allianga Colon Jan. 31
Trognois Jacksonville Feb, 4
Due Thursday, Peb. 8
Trave Bremen Jan, 80
Peniusular Lisbon Janu. 24
HH. Meter Bremen Jan. 27
Hildur Curagao Jan, 40
Atnesla........seseee . Hambure seoee On, 25
hara eee St. Lucie Jan. 41
Chalmette New Orleans Feb. 8

Due Friday, Pe

 

Graf Waldersee Hamburg 28
Livonian Glaswow “
bolivia Gibralta eoens ua
Island Christiansand......Jan. 20
Montealm Londen oe 7

 

Due Saturday, Feb. to,

 

New York Southampton,.....Feh, 8
Ontario ‘é Hult ss Tan. 27
Planet Mercury Dindee wan 27
Alamo... (ialveston : Fel Bb

The Weather.

The pressure was low yesterday over the lake
regions and high over the South Atlantic States,
They caused a tow of southerly winds and warmer
air over the Middle Atlantic States, where there
@ decided risein temperatyre and a complete
ing up of the last ofthe cold weather. It was grow
ing colder again in the Northwest and the upper
Mississippi Valley, where the temperature waa etill
below zero; and it was alto colder in the
Western States

was

break

entra

  

Clondy and threatening conditions prevailed in
the central Mississippi States and lake regions, with
Jight scattered snow, The clondiness waa apreading

eastward and the pressure was falling in the Middl
Atlantic and New Fogland States

In this city the day was partly cloudy, with luht
rain beginning at 5°45 RP. M.: averave humidity, »

per cent.; wind south to southeast; average velo ity,
fifteen miler an hour, barometer corrected to read
tosea level at’ A.M, 30.00, 4 P.M. 2u.80

The
mometer

1 by the

a ther

temperature a4 records official ther
and also by Tue Sus meterat the

street level, is shown in the annexed tabls

 

Offieval Sun Opicia funte

Teo, PRAY. Boor 100, PROD, Pyoo

vA. Mian bse 34 «(8 P.M Oe 3° ai
a) “We 42°  P. M45 “ an?

M 48 wt 433 32 Mil. ae 2h ‘4

 

WASHINGTON PORRCAST POR TODAY AND
For New England, snow followed by clearing and
colder to-day, Tuesday fair: high northeas? shiftin
to north and northwest winds
For eastern New YVork, rar

vlder taday

ro MORROW

 

er snow followed hy

clearma and Turclay fia high north

north and northwest winds
colder

orthweat; Tuesda

foe hiffinag te

For
wind shifting to high nm

For the District of Columbia, eastern Pennss
vanis Maryland and Virginia
‘ ler today; Tueaslay fair; din hing
winds

kor western Pennsylvania, tair aud colder to-day
diminishing northwest winds; Tuesday fair,

Fur western New York, snow followed by clearing
bo day, Tuesday far; diminishing north winds

New Jersey, clearing and Mona)

fair
Delaware, fair and
horthwent

 

  

  

DON’T EXPERIMENT!
TAKE THE SUREST OUREI

Dr. Greene’s Nervura

Blood and Nerve Remedy.

Now is the Time You Are Most Out of Order.
Now is the Time You Need it Most.

When you dose your poor nerves with dangerous drugs and
opiates, when you overwork them or abuse them, then yourre like
the man in the picture— you are
spurring them into the great vortex
from whence there is no return,

They know better than you, They
are trying to warn you by dulness,
™ exhaustion, tired feelings, dyspep-
UX Sia, melancholia, despondency, ete.,
w that they need aid. They are cry-
ing for Dr. Greene's Nervura, the
remedy which Nature planted in
the earth solely for the pu of
recuperating the weakened, overe
worked nerves and impure blood.

It will bring back to you the
power and vigor of health. It
will revitalize and enrich your
whole body. It will fill your
nerves and veins with the fire
and vigor of youth, and make a
regal man or woman of you again.
It is a veritable Fountain of Youth
and of Strength — thousands will tese
tify to this. Why don’t you try it?
Mrs, Frorexce Tar_or, of 4 Courtland Place, Bridge.

Conn ‘Vsti
S Por four years I was troubled with nervous coniieg

and hysteria in a most epgreveted form, It cau

sleeplessness and mental depression, and at one time
I feared blood poisoning. For months I was con.

fined tomy bed, My constatution wasted, and I
Ww totally lost my appetite. I was advised to try

  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
   

Dr. Greene's Nervura blood aud nerve remedy,
1 was ina terrible condition when I began ite
nse, and almost immediately there was a won-
dertul change came Over me. I regained my
appetite, the dizzinesa in my head departed, it
renewed mv interest in life, and made me feel,
in fact, like another person. I thank.
fully proclaim myself strong and well,
Dr. Greene's Nervura did for me what
hundreds of dollars aad numerous
hysicians fatied todo. I cannot do credit to its merits, Truly, Dr. Greene’s Nervura should be
ded to the skies, Ladvise everybody to take it if they want to feel well.”

Dr. Greene, 95 West lith St., New York City, 1s the most successful specialist In onting nervous
and chronic diseases, lie has remedies for all forms of disease, and ofiers to give fre consulta
tion and advice, personally or by letter, You can tell or write your tronbles to Dr. Greene, for
all communications are confidentiol and lettera are anewered in plain, sealed envelones,

AGAIN WE SAY

That it does not matter what assertions or
claims ure made by others, the fact still re-
niains that a hand-made Sour Mash Whiskey
is far Superior to any other. Compare

OLD CROW RYE

with any of them. Jt has never been equalled,

 

 

  
    
  
  

The only practical Book Case
for a growing library.

 
   

 

BABY'S FUNERAL ON SHIPBOARD,

The Little Daughter of Mra, Young of Roxz-
bury, Mass., Died on the St, Paul,

Brenda H. Young, the ten-months-oid
daughter of Mrs. Francis L. Young of Roxbury,
Mass, who arrived yesterday from Southampe

BURGLARS FOUND AN OPEN Salt,

 

$5 in It and Only the Inner Door Closed

Ina Lumberman’s OMlce,

Inthe office
Wh2 bast
Policeman |

Thieves forced open a window
af Robert MeNeil’s yard at
Fortieth etrect on Saturday night

lumber

 

 
  

daw, cleo" fe iti fd gets ‘i a oon at the ton in the cabin of the American liner Bt. Paul,
, diseovere its e had been at th .
office safe, The inside door of the safe hat | died in midocean on Tuesday. She was ill
been broken with a stone and the thieves had | Whenthe ship left port. Her body was put in
taken away one ofthe iron boxes The out+ | a tittle vofl ade br 1's carne
side door they had evidentiy found open. Su le alttie coffin made by the ship's carnenter and
van found the box broke penonthe pierat the | Was cast overboard from the promenade deck
footofthe street andlearnet fromthewatchniin | on Wednesday. Purser RD. Williams read
a rit ae or had left it there, ror L Is the t | service, while nearly all the cabin
eseriptior hd nue en ' ” arrested ' .
risk, Heady, Aliaw Malloy. of Hae Firat avenue kas rs gathered aroun the mother,
and Mart! Young, alas “Squinty,” of 820 4 oarly Mi tne Bowers aboard chip were used to
Fast FPortieth street suspicion In York : nn
Ville Court they w » held { ¥ ation ~ 2 as,
There was only n the safe Burned to Death Patting Ont a Fire,
\ = 5 ‘alle f ‘ Nee ” '
Asphyxiated in smith & MeNeli's Hotel | I Mary Callahan, the housekeeper ina
Charles H ) ‘ ; | bonrding house at 183 West Twenty-fourth
Mires Hein nn, a bartender ont ork J
‘ mann, a barten ml work, | street, was fatally burned yesterday morning

was found dead in bed yesterday morning at |
Smith & MeNell's Hotel with the gas turned
on. The door and the windows of bis room

While trying to put outa fire tna pile of towels
and table linen which had been left behind the

 

   

were closed and the erevieos fullysiopped | kitchen range to dry She was taken tothe
up. Heinmann bad registered atthe hotelat Ll | New York HH spital, where she died several
o'vlock in the morning He was verlyem- {| hours later 'Tho fire did not get beyond the
oloyed In a Washington street suloon kitehon, It did $40 damage

 

 

We had a neighbor who suffered fromachronic skin disease eczema they}
030, ;

called it. He was alwavea ta! ing Sta baths with wheat bran in the water!
and fussing with soaps, Oinitvent? and resolvents, Ile used tot por
stantly scratching whenever hs thovglt himself unobserved: go ssiinie hia!
skin was red or raw and al tt drop of water wauld exudo in places wis
ice Tnotiecd that he had seemed to be froe from the annoyance

hod battlod with it persistently for two or

then. All
for sometime, an] knoeing that h

mecv hat finally brought about @ result so

Tabules :

 

three ven I asked hém what

 

   

But Ripans Tabu! “9 merel ti
Ripa ie cure for indigestion 1" gai
Tee hoses He tion!" gaid I,
ie answered, put the doctors all agree that eczema Is)
one of thes t 1 tion manifests itself," ‘ at
0) nly his nar ak Tal
7 i imc) takes one Tabulo every night of his life
iow { - - YY , M :
, *.0n OF cezena he does not know jt
t ed re! f to birn to he let '
tobi abl ak ithor |
7 é to “long without so much
WANTI saan of Ith that Ret . i
WLAN S, 10 for 5 cents, may be bad atany drags Ton samples aod cee ee ceteae

    
   

Ten samples and one thousand t

moutals will te mat
4 tu tho Kipaus Chemical Go, Nu

r
Spruce st, New Yoru,

ito auy address for > ceuts, furwarde

  

 

—

= =

=,