wale

 

HARRY VARDON IS HERE.

OPEN CHAMPION OF GREAT BRITAIN
BEES AMERICAN VICTORIES AHEAD,

 

A Talk on Golf by the Noted Player—Rea-
sons Why He Favors Short Shaftaand a
Firm Grip Nothing Less Than a 100+
Yard Hazard to Be Regarded on Tee Shot,

Harry Vordon, the Isle of Jersey golfer, who
fe the open champion of Great Britain, and
who in 188, INUS and 1800 won the coveted
title, was ono of the first to come down the
saloon passengers’ gangplank when the Bt,
Paul reached the American Line pler yester-
day morning. Ue wore @ long blue cloth coat
lined with fur, asoft brown hat, gray suit and
tan shoes, and, as the only burden he carried
was heavy travelling shaw!, Vardon looked
more like a theatrical manager than the ordi-
nary golf enthusiast, who “Nsually leaves an
ocean steamer laden down with golf clubs,
Charles 8. Cox, who {8 to arrange the golf
matches for the champion, and a reporter of

|
|
(

Tak SUN, were the firatto greet him, Except |

for heavy weatheron the first fow days, Var-
don said that the voyage had been an enjoyable
one.

With the exception of a trip to France four
years ago, to take part in a tournament at Pau,
he sald it was his first journey outside the
Hmits of the United Kingdom to play golf.
When Vardon's luggage was gathered up for
the inspection of the customs officials, a square

portmanteau of golf clubs was revealed, but on |

his declaration that it held “the tools of his
trade” the box was passed free of duty, Under
the convoy of Cox,the golfer drove to the
Broadway Central Hotel, where ho will stay for
a few days.

“Taylor and myself,” sald Vardon in an after-
breakfast talk at the hotel, “upset all the rules
{n the golf books in our style, yet we have won
between no less than five outof the last six
open championships. We were the orlainators
of the overlapped fingers in the grip aud aleo
the first to hold out for short shafts on the
wooden clubs; but now In England nearly all
the golfers play in our style in these respects,
Although shorter in length, my grip on the
shaft ts as far in inches from the club
head as the arip of those -who use the
Old-school shafts, for with me, for a full
shot, my left hand is flush with the
leather top, while the others let the shaft stick
out twoorthroe inches, There is no useless
wood to be carried with the short shafts, which
gives mea bettercommand oftheclub, I be-
lieve ina firm grip. The practice of holding the
loft fingers (irmly and the right loosely, tends
to wildness in direction. Willie Park, Jr’a,
propenalty to pull is due to his loose hold, in
my opinion.

“In my grip there ts nefthera left nora right
hand, for both are united by the overlapping
(not an interlocking) of the little lager of the

right on the index finger of the left hand, with
the left thumh straight down the shaft, under
the right palm, aad the right thumb nearly ag
@traight. This gives nea “ten-fingered” hand
with which to grip, and, on every part of the
6wing, I keep the erip firm. This gives me
accuracy In direetion, It might be that, if I
hold toy hands apart, I might gain ten yarde or
60 in distance, but I would be slicing or pulling
all over the course, In practising have
Proven this point to my satisfaction, for, tn
careless play, I often try the results of such ex.
periments. But when a match Is on I believe
in taking a firm wrip and going at each stroke

though you meant tt.”

© illustrate the grip Vardon opened the bor
of clubs, There were thirteen {n the set; two
drivers, one braasey, two driving mashies, two
cleeks, one a special club of his own with a

| thousands of

| the

| Jolt the old mare ever gaye to her supporters.

somewhat deep face, like that on the driving |

mashie; two lofters, two putters, and a mashie
anda niblick. One patter was a goose-neck,
the other an ordinary putting cleek, Vardon,
who has had no success with the wooden putter,
uses the putting eleek forapproach puts. One
{pier apd the niblick had corrugated faces,

early every iron had the stamp of a different
maker,

“That's a fine set of irons,” was Vardon’s com-
ment, as he lifted out the clubs “They are the

bick of at least four hun !red I have used atdit- |

ferent times. One of the lofters is a recent

resent from W. Girdwood Stewart, who has |

een in America, bat I have had the others for
along time. The goose-neck putter I nave had
three years and won with it {n two open cham-
pionships.”
then Vardon took adriver and illustrated his

combination” grip, He could not swing in
the narrow room, but he reiterated that the

rip was not relaxed at any part of the stroke.

he shafts of the ¢wodrivers and of the brassey
mensured forty inches, about the length of the
ordinary driver used by women, but there {4
po impression of lightness about the clubs,
The grips are sma!!, the pitched leather being
Wrapped without any underneath felting, but
otherwise the hiekory shafts are no thinner
than ordinary in buik. They are rather stiff
and he has used one of the shafts for five or aix
years, The three heada were of beech
ani of the regular weight for a small-faced
heal, aay eight ounces,

“Alter the tee shot, whenever possible, I
use the driver again,” said Vardon. ° The
brassey |saciub I] have only used in matches
during the last two years, I like toplay the
ball from the heel of the brassey to get a hook
that will twist it around a tree or any such ob-
etacle and ‘‘rop the ball onthegrean. but for
straight work I would as soon use the driving
mishie, ani, until lately, this elub was my
muin relinnce through the fair green. Ivan

et nearly as ionga ball with this asfrom the

river; in ‘act Audrew Kirkealdy aaid at St.
Andrew's that tue club should
Vardon’ driver.”

“Do you mean to say youecan geta longer
ball from the driving mashie than from a
cleek ?” asked Cox, who oiways uses a cleek
from the tee and had a personal interest in
the anawer.

“Yes, Loan,” answered Vardon,

“But the head of the driving mashie Is
broader, and that shonid detract from the dig-
tance, How do you account tor that?”

“L won't try to account for it,’ was Vardon's
reply, “but | always get the longer distance.
For that matter, of the two cleeks | have, [get
the longer distance from the one with the
broader face, and Lonly uss the narcow-faced
One from poor lies, Or agains’ a high wind,
when «alow bali ts best. But I must add that
the driving mashle takes more playing than
the cleek, No matter how the cleek is held, to
my mind, the bali goes straight and with fairly

ood distance, but togeta fine shot fromthe
Sriving mashie the club must be swung fuil
an! straight asl do my driver, and the elnb
face must strike the bail in just the right spor,
There must be nothing left to chanesa when
this club is used,’

“Do you carry all these clubs in your playing
set, r only a few of them?” the reporter
asked,

“If L used only a few of them I wouldn’t need
@cuddie at all,” was the champion’s cool reply,
“Aboutten or welve cluts are always in my
bag, abour the number you see in the box. Aec-
cording to the weatter or the links, | may leave
ontone or two, Aside from the clube 1 have
mentioned Luse the lofter when have to,
and then ithink the roughened face heips to
ho! i the ball, That's why, too, that I have a cor-
rugated | onthe niblick, But I never piteh
& ui] unless absolutely necessary, In long ap-
Proaches aclubo? my ovn, midway between a
cleek and a driving mash.e, proves very useful
In running up aproaches I use the mashie,’

Here Vardon showed hia mashie, It ja a
duplicate in depth of tace of the mashie made
familiar by J. H. Taylor, who is an advocate,
however, of the pitched a; proach with a cut,
but Vardon's club, while set back as much, is
rounded at the end and not cut off s0 sharp.
oy 2 rub up with this clut,” continued Vardon,

but when along put is needed use the put-
ting cleek and the goose-neck putter for the
regular work on the putting green, I believe
in hitting the bal) from the exact centre of the
putter’s face andin going plumb for the hole.
The grown! must be studied, but it is not my

rinc!ple to try for cutin putting. Nordo I try
or cut or spin when I have to piteh up an up-
proach, The straight way to the hole , best

‘Ones the putting green is reached, the
player who eould be sure of always getting
down in two pute would be well contented,
Thos would satisfy me, lam sure,and when I
hole out from a mashie, or lie dead froma full
shot, regard it a8 a lucky aecident, Such
shots count, but they are not the sort to be
bragged about, The player, too, who can aver-
Age trom 180 to 200 yards from the tee may be
weil satisfed, Atleast kKnowlam. The best
uriving of my career was in the last half of my
mateh with Willie Park, Jr, at Ganton, and [
believe on that occasion Laveruged 200 yards
and over. But you have many long drives
here, for l have read of your women plavers
making 160 to 170 yards, and the men must be
better.”

This enlled for the explanation that both
carry and roll counted in the American eat{-
mate of a long drive,

“We never measure that way,” rejoined Var-
don. “Only carry should count, for when roll
is counted luck becomes a too tinportant factor.
The ball thatiands on hard ground will wetu
Jong roll, while the one that fails in soft ground
wil, be stopped.”

“Do you expeet to play as Wellou our links as
on the other side?” asked tho reporter

“Why not.” Vardon answered, You
some very good links bere, | have heard,
no onecon ask for more, L have been playing
nearly everyday for three years and | aim
always io form, [do not train for a mateh io
the strict sense of the word, but my nerves are
always with me, The thet init out eourse is that
on whieh the averageol Deo varias is ace pred

 

 

havo
an

foratull shot and the hotes va Out Bo asto
eall forone, tWo or three full shots to make the
Kreen, dt the nature of the land must be

considered, aud this may resut in one ortwo
holes of poor distances, A carry of 10 yards
from the tee is about the right piace forthe
bunker, but there should be other traps to
bubish the topped shots, Lam always sorry to

' Arthur Behan, 4,

| anteed value is $10,000, $7,500 of which will go

be called the |

| celve

| tanced,

Fake 4 poor shot without being punished, and
believe all golfers think the same. To lose
one stroke Is punishment enough, however.”

But suppose a plaver is short of a 100-yard
bunker and then retrieves hia bad play on the
second shot?”

‘Ah! If the Ile Is good this may be done, but
in thelong run the man who carries the bunker
will win, Leaides, itis no fun to have to play
short of the bunkers, The fact, too, that a ra
shot must be played every time to make a go
soore Is A Constant stimulus to the members
of a club, aud helps to make then fine players
A half-topped drive will carry a bunkero 130
yards, or so, but there'a no golf in that sort of
thing,”

Vardon prefers a27 ball, except when playing
fn a high wind, forhe thinks it carries further
and runs mosttruson the putting green, In
blustry weather ho uses a heavier ball, ora
27's or 28, Regarding the itinerary of the trip,
thechamplon said he was going to Chicopee
Falls, Mass, on Tueslay,on a business trip,
and that he wouldbe back on Saturday, The
frat exhibition be will give in this country will
be atthe Laurence Harbor Country Club on
next Monday, when Vardon will play the best
ball of Mortimer M. Singer and John M, Ward,
the club's best known players, in a thirty-six
hole match, His plans thereaftor have not been
definitely fixed, but, with the exeeption ofa
trip back to Great Britain to defend his title in
the open championship, Vardon expects to be
here for the greater part of the year

--—. ee,

While positive in his golf views, Vardon ia
not a great talker, nor is he at all of a boastful
nature, He is aomewhat taller than the pub-
lished reports have stated, being fully 5 feet
11 inches, but he doas not welgh over 150
pounds, He is as hard as nails in condition,
very alnewy and as active as a sprinter in
moving about, The full swing Vardon gets on
hia tee shots, in spite of the firm grip, may be
possibly explained by the suppleneas and
strength of his wrists. The present trip is one
that he has long been anxious to undertake,

One of the questions Vardon asked was
whether it was true that some of the ravines
on the Southern links were ao invested with
rattlesnakes that no player dared to go into
them after a stray ball. Vardon seemed
pleased to learn that this was an exaggeration,

 

BILL LOVELL DEAD,

 

The Eventful Career of an Old-Time

Turfman.,

William Lovell, better known as “Bill”
Lovell, died yesterday morning at hia home,
228 Weat Filty-eighth atreet, after a lingering
illness, His death ends ono of the most event-
tul careers known to the turf. He was
born In England seventy-six years ago,
and came to this country when 8
years old, He once told a reporter of
THE Sun that ho was a newsboy when the

peper was established and sold the firat day’s
edition on the streets of this city. When Bos-
ton and Fashion rau their greatfour-milea race
on Long Island in the early half of the century,
Lovell, then a mere lad, trudged on foot out to
the old Union Course, got into the enclosure
to see the contest, and then and there began
his turf career,

At the age of 25, the gold excitement ured
him to Australia, where he struck it rich an
bought 4 string of race horses, When gold was
discovered in California fn 1840 Lovell crossed
the Paciflo to the Golden Gate and repeated
there his successes of the other slde of the
globe. It was not until about 1880 that he re-
turned to New York. Here he bought the
noted trotting ngre American Girl, 2:10, and
owned her until #he dropped dead on the track
at Elmira. She was the rival of Goldsmith
Maid, 2:14, and Lucy, 1:18, and won many
dollars in purses and poole
for her wily owner. Once at. Cleveland, in
seventies, Goldsmith Maid met witha
mishap which resulted in her getting cise
American Girl won the race in easy
atyje, The Letting was $100 for the Maid to
$15 for the fleld, and this was likely the bardeat

From the trotters Lovell turned to the run-
ners and for several years was quite successful
in his operations. But ho met with heavy re-
yerses in later years, having lost upward of
$200,000 [pn one season, ft is sald itis pool.
room ventures were at first profitable, but
later they proved disastrous. Only three or
four years ago, when the Perey-Gray law was
enacted the veteran made a book on the trot-
ters at Fleetwood Park, where he was arrested
ip order to make 4 test cause for the courts, His
health falled about a year agoand he went to
Florida last fail, hoping to be benefited by the
climate. On Dee, 28 he returned to his house
in this city.

The Card for New Orleans To-day,

New Orteans, Feb, 4,—The card for to-mor-
row at the Cresceut City Jockey Club meeting
is as follows:

First Race -Six and a half furlongs; selling—Nat
P., #8; Koseto, #5; Blitheful, 98 Banker Green, 91;
Tease, 00; Josephine B,, 0&, Reefer, x8; Lady Dora,
Race bud, Sister Fox, Lemoon and Sallie J., 55.

Becond Race—Seven furlongs—Turney and Alex,
Jow; Deponan and El Cauey, 107; Prince Real, 102;
Matt Bimpason and George 7.

Third Race—One mile and an eighth. selling—Al-
bert Vale, 117; Rushfelds, 1)4; Admetus, 108; Tip
Gallant, 105; Lucky Monday, 104; Lady of the West,
102; Kanquo Il. Flidad, Julins Casar, Ja lge Stead-
tuau and swordsman, 0%; Monongab, Phidias and
Voyageur, vt: Bun God, v4,

Fourth Race—One mile and asixteenth; handicap—
Andes, 115; tmp. Mint Sauce, 111; Conipensati 0,
105. Prospero and Our Nellie, ¥&, Strangest, vi;

 

Fifth Race One mile—Jinn Conway, 112; The Bur
lington Konte, 107, Pat Garrett, scottish Grit and
Maryland Reserve, 104, Belle of Holuidel and Klon-
dyke Queen. 102

Sixth Kace- Six and a half furlongs; selling—Ea
Gartland IL, aud Debride, 10s. Arstoma and Agi-
tator, 107; Jim Gore Tl., 108; Nekarnis, 104; Judge
Wardell, 101: Lord Neville, 100; 1 o.ly Weithoff, vy;
Le. Frost, #7; Uration, ¥5, Miss Russ, 93,

A Novel 810,000 Race,

The managers of Charter Oak Park have an-
nounced a novel Futurity Stake for trotting-
bred foals of 1900 to race ia 1003, The euare

to the colts that trot, while $2.500 is reserved
for the pacers, The money in the trotting
race willbe divided as follows: $5,000 to the
winner, $1,000 to the second and $000 to the
third. The winner of the pacing race is to re.
1,000, the second horse $300 and the
third $200, Entries will close on Mareh 10,
when the brood mares must be named,

Perhaps the most remarkabie feature of the
race isthe first payment. The fee to namea
mare in the Futurity ts only $1. The second
payment is $5, and {9 due on Noy, 1, 1000, when
the foa! must be deseribed. After this date
there are further payments of $10 on Maren 1,
101, and March 1, 1902, and a final payment
ot $> ou March 1, 1003, when the foal must be |
named, This makes the total cost of starting
in a $10,000 race only $31, or ess than one.
thirtotl pereest. The race will be governed
by the rules of the National Trotting Associa.
tion In force on the date of the contest, and will |
be known as the Hartford Futuricy,

  

  

Turf Note,

Tenner Hactey, Feb, 4—Fd Mills, the Boston turf-
nian vhomisaged the cumpaigus of Star Polnter, |

 

D:Sie%, and Sear hlicht, bas bought of Thowas
Kinser of this plaice tue six year-old bay pang
eins Indiana, 20se bo King of Bellaire, dau |

by Woodtord,
paign of Isuy

Indiana made his record in the cam. |

Golf tn Florida,

Paco Beacn, Fla, Feb, 4.—In a mixed four-
some on the links yesterday afternoon Miss
O'Neill of Pittsburg and Sidney Maddock of
the Crescent A. ©. of Brooklyn beat Miss
Andrews aud A.W. Biack of New York by 1
hole, Vhey were even at the outward hole and
had to play the nineteenth to decide the game,
\ handicap medal play contest of eighteen
holes was scheduled in whieh there were
twenty-six cntries, Nearly half of the players
dropped out before the nish, The net
scores were;

C, D. Boice, New York, &5; J. W, Johnson, ga: L
Brown, 00, J.C, Salter, New York, #1; a. S. Car-
pentor, Philadeiphia, vl; M Ladd, 03, T. Db. Hooper,
¥4,C. 5. Bracket, 05; L. K. Miller, wt; D. A. Loring,
Jr, 8

Sr, Avoustine, Ieb. 4.--Hernard Nicholls,
professional of the Phi.adelphia Country Club,
is traveling in the South, and will spend afew
days here. This afternoon he played RC,
Wat-on, Jr, of the Westbrook Club, and,
although the latter made avery good showing |
in his medal score, Nichols beat him by 4 up
apd 3 to play in the match,

 

Hot Fighting at the National A, ©,

The house of the National A. C, of Br oklyn waa
crowded on Saturday night long before the nret bout
was putoon in the regolur weekly boxing show of
that organization. Jee Ward was referer, The pen-
ing bout waa between Jack Lyddey ant Peter Morri-
rison, both of New York, They clashed at 110
pounds for ten rounds, Morrsou got the verdict on
points, inthe second bot, which was for tfteen
rounds atil unds, Mar ith of New Jersey
and Jimmy Penton of New rk inet, Although Fen
tonwas a little th vorer of the two he got the bene.

 

 
 
   

 

      

 

   
 

 

ft ofa draw, Inthe third bout, whieh was for ten
rounda at 124 pounds, Patri k MeDominiek of Hobo
ken and Fadie Brown of this city were the contes
tants. The Jerseyman won on tis leads, forcing the |
fight from the start. In the final bout, which waa |

for fifteen rounds at 15" pounds, Jake stern of Path

jeach and Jack McGovern of Sew York met. Stern
adopted foul tactics from the startand in the third
round Cisqualified aud the bout given to
Metiovern

Sullivan and Rice Draw atthe Peliean A, «,

  

In the star bout at the Pelican A. Cy on Saturday
bight Austin Rice of New London and Tomy sat
van of be lyn were Wled te go twenrs
rounds at 122 pounds, Tie boot went the jimit
Reteree George Scliwesier dechired it a draw The
boys inet twee before arning a& decision
Soeur ia) eR bout wad efast eaob nen giving and
receiviig severe pat Suilvan held the ad
vauta upforie tenth round, when Hive wet the
pres, The betttug Was even money and take your
» As euial, there was a leony delay before 1}
i pehtereai the rip

In th ning boutot indsat PhS pown!
Younes aut how ella Norn nm of
this sit in theovimeh row WePatden puta tard
rizht-hand upp reat te the jaw and followed it ap
With @ewliu te the stoma Vhich put hisman out
In the second & of ten reamds at 115. ponnds

ew York met Eddie Cain of Brooks
who |

Jack Lowrey of
Iyn, Lowrey was substituted for Toney Moran
Was Overweight, Cain got the decision

' surprisingly

MWGRAW TO BE PUNISHED.

4 PLAN TO BKANIGH HIM FROM
THE NATIONAL GAMK

Blacklist Not to Be Resorted To, but the
Brooklyn-Balttmore Syndicate May
Freeze Him Out-A League Man Tells
Interesting Things of  Pertinence,

Some time ago Tue 8uN stated that the
National Leaguo magnates would probably
“blacklist” John McGraw for trying to jump
Baltimore's ball grounds and players into the
new American Assoctation, When McGraw
asked Edward Hanlon if the League really in-
tended to apply the “blacklist” and Inet.
dentally drive him out of baseball, he was in-
formed that the League would not adopt such
an obnoxious and un-American measure and
that the statement had been made without
League authority. But the man who gave tho
original atory to Tue Sux and who ts high up
in League politics, has reiterated his remarka,
but this time he goes Into details to show that
while the League, aa a whole, will not vote to
“blacklist” MeGraw, there will probably be an
understanding between the League men and
the Baltimore club whereby McGraw will be
virtually driven out of baseball unless he Is
Willing to submit to unsatisfactory terms.

“Uniess I am greatly mistaken,” said THe
Sun’s informant last night, “the Baltimore
club or rather the Brooklyn-Baltimore syndi-
cate, will deal moat severely with McGraw
when the Assoctation bubble Poursts The
League will not interfere and no official notice
will be taken of MeGraw's rebellion except by
his immodlate employers. When the Lengue
circuit is reduced McGraw will flod himself
assignod to the Brooklyn team. He will not be
sold to any other club and will receive a con-
tract that will call for a nominal salary,
Last year McGraw got about 63,000 for manag-
ing the Baltimores. and he got every cent
of ft, He could probably receive twice that
salary from the Chicago, Cinoinnuti or
Philadelphia clubs and would be worth $10,000
ayeartothe New York club, But from what I
hear the Brooklyn-Baltimore people will
punish him by refusing to sell his release and
by tendering a contract to him that he Is ale
most certain to turn down. Then he will ree
main idle,as no other club can engage him,
and in that way he will be driven out of the
game, almost as effectively as the “blacklist”
could do it, Look at the fate of Rusie, Griffin,
Joyce, Hartman and other players who have
been shelved by virtue of the rigidity of the re-
serve rule, together with the power the club
owners have in dictating salary terms.
McGraw has been crying out against the re-
serve rulo, which it was the intention of the
Association promoters to abolish, but tho
shoe ts on the other foot now and MoGraw will
800n learn that he !s one of the most unfortu-
nate victims of this very same rule.

“McGraw cannot blame Hanlon, Von der
Horst, Abell, and Ebbets, if they make an at-
tempt to square matters in this way. He has
done all in his powerto deprive them of their
property rights, and has stopped at nothing to
carry out his own ends, McGraw has refused
to listen to reason, and has spurned a financial
offer to return to the League fold. With the
Association on the wane now, though, he will
goon be compelled to make overtures of peace,
but it will be too late. McGraw has declared
that he will play at Baltimore this year or re-
tire. Hanlon and company will make it very
easy for him to retire. You can bank on that.

“Thave heard {t said by several League men
thatthis !s not the only move to be made
against MeGraw. For taking away the con-

'

tracts signed by the Baltimore players last
year so that no legal proceedings can be {nati-
tuted against them should they jump from the
League to the new Association, it ia more than

orobable that McGraw will be charged :

|

!

 

 

arceny by Hanlon and company, and that he
will be brought into the courts at anjearly date,
The Brooklyn- Baltimore syndicate meana bual-
ness, ani aven ifthe Association should start,
it could not play a game at Kaltimore because
the ownership ofthe ball ground’s lease would
be tied up in the courts, with Hanlon having a
fine chance of scoring a victory.

“The League men have advised the Brooklyn-
Baltimore syndicate what to do, and it will be
done without a flourish of trumpets. Mo(iraw
will be excluded from baseball in such a
manner that noboly can aay that he has been
biacklisted, Of course he can offset the plans
of the magnates by signing a Brooklyn con-
tract calling for $2,000 at the utmost, but those
who know him best will tell you that he wants
between $5,000 and $10,000 this year, and if
he doesn't get ble money he willquit the game

“There is one piece o erOrmerion that the
Association promoters may find out in due
time. Several of the so-called backers in thelr |
midstare not backers atall,but agente of the Na-
tional League. When matters come to another
show-down these agents, who are posing as
backers, will tofow the Association down hard.
Why, the Providence people went to the recent
meeting at Philadelphia ready to do anything
{n the Interest of tne National League. In
fact, they were Lengue agents, who ot
into the meeting room ostensibly as delegates
but for the rea! purpose of finding out the
actual financial atrength of the vartous Associa-
tion clubs and then roporeng the facta to the
League men who were pot far away from the
Continental Hotel, The Association men have
been so completely tangle! up by League
agents that they do not know now whom to
trust, In this state of chaos they cannot very
well organize on a sound basis, because some
of their solid men are eginning to weaken,

“John I. Rogers must receive credit for

teering olffthe Warburton-Elkins synlicate at

hiladelphia, He showed to the millionaires
the books of the Philadelphia League Club,
which proved that no dividend had been de-
clared since 188, Rogers had such a poor
mouth thatthe syndicate expressed ita grate-
fuluessto him for telling facts. Everybody
knows thatthe Philadelphia club, the stock of |
which is owned by Kogers and Reach ex-
clusively, has been a big moneymaker. In
1805, under Arthur Irwin's management, the
srofits wero $110,000 and since that timo no-
oly knows how much Reach and Rogers have |
made, but the Warburton syndicate was con-
Vinced that there was no money in baseball |
when Rogers showed them the books. |

“Do von know why the Circult Committes, |
headed by Brush, has not yet closed a deal with
Waguer forthe withdrawal of the Washington
Club? Well, Lean tell you the facts. Wagner
has been playinga shrewd game, If the League |
had bought him out of Washington last De-
cember he would now be at the head of an As- |
sociation club at Philadelphia, Wagner was
tully prepared to back an Association club in |
Rogers's town, but he couldn't take @ chance so
long as the League held up the efreult redue.
tion. { an. Brush and the others snapected
that Wagner would make some such move and |
consequently they put off negotiations forthe |
sale of the Washington tranehiae until the last
moment. When the cireult is reduced Wagner
will receive a certain amount of money from
the Lei gue and a franchise In the new Eastern

 

' League, which will be a very strong combina.

tion, |

“The Eastern League, by the way, will In-
clude Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia,
Buffalo, Toronto, Montreal, Worcester and
Providence, unless all signs fail, Buffalo is |
tired of the American Lengue and wiil come |
back to its firat love. THE SUN can stick a pin
in this prediction that the ‘three-ieague’ plan
will be carried out, unless of course this Asso-
ciation movement should pan out afterall, in
which event there would be a baseball war for
keeps. All of the League clubs are signing
their players and in afew days an official bul-
letin will come from Washington giving such a

large number of names. that |
what few players are holding off will decide
that the League is goo! enough for them |

“The League men are rather anxious to eee |
how Freedman will strengthen the New Yorks |
after the clreult has been formally redueed, |
If Buck Ewing reeelvea power to select what
players he may need Freedman will be asked
to put up about $15,000, He has said all along |
that money is no object to the New York Club, |
ifthe League complies with his demands, so
that the magnates are in a happy mood over |
the bellef that they will onee more gather in
big gate receipts at the Polo Grounds,”

‘THe Sun's informant further declares that
the League wil! convene during or before the |
third week of this month, It all depends upon
Krush, who, it is said, will dine with Freedman
atthe Demoeratie Club within the next fow |
days eae |

National Guard Baseball Championship, |

|
!

«amen were
rmory Base-

On Saturday night the followin
nlayed in the tournament of the
yall Asaoeiation:

At the Second Signal Corps Armory—Second Sig-
nal, 4; Tweltth Rewiment, 12, Atthe Third Gatlin
Becond Naval Battalion, 14; Thir

Battery Armory
nl Regitent Armory |

(ratiiug. 3 At the Twenty-sec
Ninth Kevient, 5, Twenty second Regiment, 14,

 

 

At the Thirteenth Regiment Annory—Seventy first
Reyiment, 11; Thirteeuth Keviment, 16
lhe standing of the teams to date follows
wid Per WoL Per
ven', cen!

Twelfth » U 1,000 Second Naval4 6 444 |
borty-a'y nthe 2 7 Thirteenth. 8 6 (876
See nd Simuals 8 Twenty secd2 6 aan
Ninth ¢ 5 8 25 «Firat Naval..2 5.107
ThiriGatlings 2 800) Soventy-frsth §  .148 |
Pourteenth,..3 3 500

Raseball Notes,

Poutianp, Me, Feb. 4.-Minager Fwing of the
New York Baseball Clab dus ragned Patrick J. Con-
roy of this elty, who played Orst-Lbave on the Port-
land team inthe New Bavland League taat scason, |
Conroy is 22 years old, and inst year was hie first as |
a professional. He wae by tar the best {rst baseman |
in the New England League and his work,at the bat |
was cacellens

-

| ine after to-night until

) even,

CHESS,

ee

Finn's Wonderful Piay Blindfolded—Del-
mar Wins Martines Trophy.

Over one hundred chess-players assembled
atthe Citizens’ Progressive League, 107 Fors
syth atroot, on Saturday evening in order to
witness blindfold performance of the Cos.
mopolitan crack, Julius Finn, who promised
that he would play eight games simultaneously
without sight of men or boards, He has often,
during this season, given similar acances in
the principal chess resorts on the Fast Side,

|

butupto Saturday night he has conducted |

only six games, 8. Schurz, the manager of the
club, introduced the young expert to the
visitors and play began. The well-known
local player, Otto Roething, acted as teller. The
first game, that on board 3 was decided in
favor of Finn after fourteen moves. About
forty-five minutes later Wagman resigned on
the fifth board, while Finn accepted the draw
offered on the fourth board, The players con-
ducting the games on boards 8, 6,1 and 2
respectively resigned in short order, and when
after two hoursand forty-five minutes of pla
Genson offered a vraw on the seventh board,
piap accepted and he therefore won six games
and drew two,

After the performance an informal meeting
was heldin which it was decided to form a
chese club underthe auspices of the league,
Another meeting will be held on next Saturday
right when the c'ub will be organized, officers
elected and a Working Committee appointed,

The details of Finn's play follow:

Bids, Players. Openings, Mores, Results,
1 L. Barber...... Ruy Lopez., . 87 Finn won
2 M. Bpinred » Prench Defence,,.40 Finn won
83M aes -Philidor's Defencol4 Finn won
40,W an...,.Viewna Opening, 24 Finn won
6 N. Goren berg. Philidor's Defence23\ Drawn
6 M. inkel...,...P-Q 4 Opening ...84 Finn won
7 A. Lawronze,., Scotch... .82 Drawn
8 1, Geuson..,.. Irregular... Finn won

 

The fifth and last game of the match for the
Martineztrophy was played at the Manhattan
Chose Ciub yesterday afternoon, when Delmar
won after thirty-seven moves, thereby capture
{ng the peine. i ham opened the game
Irregularly and De meet once began with at-
tacking movements. Eventually Hanham lost
the exchange and when about tolose a piece he

signed, The record of the match waa:
Imar. 3; Hanham, 1; drawn, 1. The score
ofthe last game follows:
IRUEGULAR OPENING,
HANHAM, DELMAR, HANHAM, DELMAR.
White, Black. | Whi, Black,
1P—K4 P—Ke 21 R19B B-B3
‘ 8 f-¥4 22 Castles k RK
8 Kt—-Q2 K4 28 R-Qgu P—y Kt3
4 P-a 8 Kt-KBS8 24 R—Rt Kt-RS
6Q-B2 P-B8 25 R-Kt4 B-Kta
o K Kkt—B8 Saat 26 B-Béch K-R
7 B-K2 Castles \27 a-! Bxk
68P-K4 Kt—R 8 28 Px K R--Q
oBPxrP. BPxP 30 R-KR7  Kt-Kt7
10 P—-QR8 oPeP 2) eae Kt—-Q8
ll Pa xP 61 B-B4a Kt_Ba
12 KtxP Bis ke 2nh-Ba Kt-qa
13 QxKt Kt--B 4 83 R-K BT Eixh
14Q-KR¢ 82 84 Px Kt # 5-8
15 KRexQ —K 3 85 P—KtS 358
16 B- K8 P-KS BU R—Kt7 Pa
17 i? b-K2 87 RxQKtP R-Qs
HH 5 Kts gt 3 5 84 Resigns.
—ya tx 85 minutes. 88 minutes.
208 xP Brkt |
WHIST,

 

Only One More Round to Be Played in the
Intercity Tournament.

The fifth round of the Intercity tournament
was played at the rooms of the Knickerbocker
Whist Club on Saturday night, all twenty-three
teams being present. The Park Club players
of Plainfleld continued their steady work,
which has advanced them half a match in each
round and unless they have a poor evening on
the last round, which will be plaved next week,
they should win the trophy, The best score on
Saturday night was made by the New York A
team—Elwell, Whelan, Cole and Faber—who
got 15 matches. The Roseville A, C, team—
Hoffmann, Toppan, Hegeman and Downs--

was next with 13; Easex, Park and Brooklyn
tled for third piace with 12': each. The best
{individual scores were made by Liwell of New
York, and Thomas Whelan of Baltimore, and
Norris and Arnolt of the Kickerboekers, both
getting 7 plus, N and 8. Topvin aud Miller
¥ the Essex Club were high E and W with»,

ruck and Dunbar of the Passaic Club second
with 7. The standing of the ciubs to date is
as follows:

 

Rank. Cluh, Plus, Minus,
1 Park Club of Plainfield ds om
2 Knickerbocker § team 21 -
8 New York A team 144 Be -
4 Brooklyn Whist, C team lig li _
5 Brooklyn Whist, A team 14 a4 —
6 Essex Club, B team i3 = 4
7 Roseville Athletic Clib Lig 17 =
8 Passaic \ bist, A team 124 8 ~_
¥ New Jersey Whist, A team ll'y 4 -

10 Kuiekerbocker Whist,T team 1i'¢ 8 --

11 Knickerbooker W hist, W team bide 8 -

12 Broo RBlyn Whiat, D team 11 - 10

18 New York Whist B tean 10% - Py

14 Broo} iyn Whost, B team lu 8

18 Knickerbocker Whist,Uteam » - 20

16 Knickerbocker Whlist,Itam ov _ %

17 Passaic Whist, b team ay — 12

18 Jersey City Club, A team nig - 13

iv New Jersey Whist, B team sh ~ 10

2) Essex Club, A team 5 ~ 17

21 Knickerbocker Whist, Xteam 7% - 28

22 Jersey City ¢ {up B team 7 — 10

28 Jersey City Club, © team thy - ba

The last round will be played atthe rooms of
the Brooklyn Whist Club on Feb, 17,

ALwany, Feb, 4.—-The firat of the Eastern
series of matches for the A, W. L. trophy was

Neeser rarer

 

| Were well past the end of the stone wall,

pleted here last night between the American |

Vhist Club of Boston and the Athenmum clul

of Toronto, the leader from the Kastern and |

Western sections in the play for this trophy at
the last congress, The result was a victory for
the American Whist Club by three tricks, The
teams were:

Amercan—H, H, Ward, ©, 8, Street, F.C. Pletcher
and If, Jones,

Atheus uim—H, J, Coleman, T. D. Richardson, J. 0,
Frazer and George C, Biggar.

Billiards,

Five of the six billlardists who will compete
In the Class A championships of the A. A, U,
which begins at the Kuickerbocker A, C, to-
night spent several hours yesterday in knock-
ing the ivories around the table. In the after-
noon Threshie of Boston played a practice
game with Conklin of Chicago at the K. A.C,
and the latter was easiy worsted, being

defeated more than 100 points in 300, Conklin
also played @ wane at Schaefer's Academy last
night with John Hendrick, a competitor in the
recent Class Bb tournament, and was
Aguin.

Foss, who is scheduled to open the tourna-

beaten |

ment with Mial to-night, will come down from |

Haverstraw this afternoon to attend a meet-
ing of the players and Billiard Committee of
the A, A, One of the points to be settled is:
Shall the referee decide whether a close shot
about which there js some doubt, or which per-
haps be did not see, counts or not, or whether
an appeal shall be made to the nearest apec-
tators?
it to the spectators, while MeCreery, Mial an
Threshie object to a decision going beyond the
referee, The chances are that the matter wiil
be left in the referee's hands, as has always
been done,

Foss is the favorite over Mial, and MeCreery
is expected to defeat his fellow townsman,
Smith, on Tuesday night. (The conditions
of the games call for 400 points at 14.
ineh balk lines, anchor nurse barred, and con-
teste will be played each afternoon and even-
the winner of the
$1,000 challenge emblem Is evolved,

  

Hockey.

The standing of the clubs in the Hockey
League Tournament to date is as follows:

 

 

: To Per

Won, Lost. Tit. play, cen’,

Crescent A.C id . | 3 1,000
Bt. Nich las..... 4 , - § S00
Hockey Club ot N » 2 @& § foo
New York A.C...... L 2 2 65 443
Brooklyn S. ¢ tere 1 8 1 " 6250
Naval Battalion.......... 0 56 0 56 000

The standing of the clubs in the intercollegi-
ate tournament follows:

 

 

" To Ter

Won, Lost, gliy cent,

Columbia cn oO 4 Weo
Yale 1 0 i 2000
Princeton eoe0eeO 2 4 Ooo
Brown...... . 0 1 6 4ou

The Cathedral Sehoo!l of St. Paul's of Garden
City has a clear lead inthe Long Island Inter-

One or two of the players favor paving |
(

scholastic League tournament. The record
follows:
Per. | Per

W, Lo c't ge | We Le o''ye |
Cathedral 8, 2 © 1000 | Adelphi 0 1 060
Prett H.§.... 2 0 1000 | Bk'n Latin, OF 1) oon
“Poly Prep’ 1 01000 | Frasinus , 6 f 06
Brook'n H.8. 8 1) O00 |

One of the liveliest cames of the jnterseholuss
tic season Was played on Saturday nightat the
Clermont avenue rink between the De LaSade
Institute team and the Staten I[siand Acalemy
Both played hard and tast, The staten
Islanders won by thelr aggressive tactics, The
score Was 2 gouistoW, Cupt, Johuston mude
both goals, ‘

 

Gossip of the Ring.

There isa letterat thie offve for Patsey Sweeney

The attraction at tue Hercules A, Co to-night will
bea twonty-five-ronnd tht between Kid Broad and
Faldie Lenuy of Philadelphia

Hort Sperinas, Ark, Feb. 4--Tommy Ryan injured
his haud in bia tebt against Lawler, and bas can

celled all hia seheduled contest

Puraperrvais, Feb) 4.- tim Kearna and Young
Starr boxed wis careful and indecisive roids at che
Nonpareil A.C. at Kensington last migiit

Cut aco, Fob, 4.-There ie seeminuly com ineive
evidence hore that tue Megwovermsou ry tsht oo
Thursday Delt wae Bred to go the iat soa
frawe up fora twerty-ive round “yo im tie Bast,

Terry, however, up @ the plans and became anary
when Santry bithin wohard, MeGovern's maveger
ia said to have bet $1,400 that the fight would go the
amit, viz rounds,

; armory ranges

} main on the chestnut, and when

CHANTY IN FINE FORM.

RICHARD CROKER'’S TROTTER BUATS
THE QUOD ONES ON 7HE SPEEDWAY.

 

Quadriga Shows the Way to Ambidexter
~Brandywine and Bullmont Are in the
First Flight—J. P, Batter Rides in Front
With Clayton-A Gala Day on the Boad.

With heavy, leaky-looking, gray clouds drift-
ing in fromthe direction of the ocean, and a
haze in the alr thick enough for a mist, the
men who drive trotters tucked their storm-
coatea away in tho back ends of their little red
wagons yesterday morning and struck out for
Speedway Park. They caine from all directions
and in such numbers as to well-enigh block the
road atthe narrow points where {It passes un-
der the archways of the two big bridges, Every
one of them was willing to risk a drenching fn
order to enjoy the rare treat of a epin on the
noted driveway in the dead of winter. The
weather man held the threatening clouds In
check, however. so that all hands got back to
town in the afternoon without having to take
the half-expected ducking. Lut some of them
received a lot of dust,

Many unexpected things happened up tho
road, Oneof them was the partial eclipse of
D. N, Wilbor’s black pacer, Ambidexter, 2:11.
Wilbur was on hand brightand early in the
morning, eager totake a fall out of anybody
who harbored the notion that he owned a fast
horse, He was having all sorts of fun with his
fellow roadites, when Daniel O'Dell of the
Wall Street contingent jogged his burly
chestnut pacer Quadriga, 2:0%\, leisurely up
toward Dyckman street and turned him just
above the bend fora spin down to Washington
Bridge. The powerfully muscled Tennessee
pacer got up steam In the twinkling of an eye
and was soon sliding along over the smooth,
firm roadbed with the seeming ease and speed
of a locomotive on a down grade,

Am bidexter was jogging along in the same
direction. The moment his driver saw Quad-
riga coming from behind he tightened the
relus and clucked to his horse. The black
pacer darted out from the curb line likea pike
in pursuit of a minnow, and tried to beat the
chestnut flyer down to the bridge. By the
time he got uader full headway Quadriga was
in the lead by a length or two. Although
Ambidexter pulled a light two-wheeler against
@ wagon of at least double the weight for
Quadriga, he could not gain an inch. O'Dell
sat as still as a statue, looking perfectly uncon-
cerned, while his gallant horse stepped it off at
furious speed, with something more, apparent-
ly, in reserve, Down below the end of the stone
wall the horse that had beaten everything in
sight on the preceding Sunday found the clip
too hot, and ended the contest by making a
break.

To those who saw only the finish, Ambidex-
ter’s defeat looked to be decisive, but Wilbur
had no notion of surrendering the supremacy
without another trial. Together the two
pacers jogged back up to the bend and
turned jn an even start. In spite of the extra
weight behind him Quadriga quickly forged to
the front, and he was leading by an open
length as the rival flyers sped past the end of
the stone wall, half a mile down the road.
From there on the black horse appeared to
O'Dell took
Quadriga back at the point of rocks Ambidex-
ter was on almost even terms with him

Richard Croker’s chestnut trotter Chanty,
2:13, seems to be gaining in speed all the
time under the tutelage of Jack Curry, If he
keeps on improv.ng as he has done since the
holidays, the Tammany chieftain may find
himself the possessor of a Speedway star when
he comes home from England next summer.
Almost everybody could beat him about a
month ago, but few, if any, of the horses on
the road yesterday were equal to the task,
Curry drove the blaze-faced sorrel horse to
afull-seat road wagon, and beside him sat
his cousin, @ young woman from Indiana,
who proved to New Yorkers before the day
was over that she knows a thing or two about
the management of that staple Hoosier pro-
duet, a trotting horse. Chanty’s first) brush
was in company with Lon Maynard's iron-
gray trotter Brandywine, 2:20‘, and another,

The big-gatted son of Guy Wilkes pulled hia
double load along half a length in front trom
start to finish, showing clean, true action. In
a second bout with Brandywine Chanty kept
his white nose stretched out in front all the
way tothe foot of the hill, Kut when itcameto
climbing up the rising ground to the bridge
the weight told, and the gray horse reversed
the positions, beatipg Chanty out by ashort
neck atthe end of @ splendid brush, Once
more the two tlyers came down the roadina
neck-and-neek contest for the lead until they
Here
Chanty seemed to touch the wagon, for he sud-
dently broke and lost his ehance to win,

Soon after this losing brush and just asthe
crowd was thinning out, Curry turned the
reins over to the poung woman, who got a
good grip on the hand loops and then eave
Chauty to understand that he was wanted
right off down at Washington Bridge, As the
trotter squared away, the black pacer Drex,
with a publie record of 2:16% and a reported
private trial of 2:08, came along under full
sail. Drex is considered to be one of the best
horses on the eereerer, yet he had to take
Chanty's dust until he fell so far behind, that
the dust no longer bothered him. Six lengths
in front the chestnut trotter scurried along up
the rising round to the bie bridge, never
faltering, and trotting faster, apparently, than
atany time during the day, The y ung reins-
wonan was all smiles as she saw her horse
leave the fast pacer away in the rear. Chanty
was under such headway that he went half
way dawn to High Bridge before he could be
stoppe

Before Brandywine’s tilt with Chanty he flg-
uredin one of the prettiest tilts of the day,
having as his antagonist another gray horse,
J.P. Batter's Clayton, 2:154, by Clarke’s Mam-
brino Wilkes. Clayton hus not often taken
partinthe brushes of late, and some of the
critics hadjumped to the conclusion that he
was lacking in speed, They had torevise their
Opinions when they saw him come down the
atretch with Brandywine, for he not only held
his own with Maynard's fast horse, but beat

 

 

him by about a length at the end.
Brandywine turned a quarter boot in |
this brush, and to this mishap hie
owner attributed the  defent. Clayton

scored a still more notable victory in another
brush with Ambidexter and the gray pacer
Sulimont, 2:00%, leading them down the road
in handsome style. It is said thatthe trotter
gotaway two lengths in front. If so he sue.
ceeded in holding his own until Batter took
him back at the foot of the hill, Bulimont’s
foe showing against so fast a horse as Ambi-
dexter was something of a surprise, He was
beaten bya very barrow margin at the point
of rocka

J. Blackburn Miller cut_a wide swath with
his litte brown trotter Jim Dandy, beating
half a dozen good ones in one brush, and hay-
ing everything pretty much his own way until
he ran afoulof Barney Kearns with the speedy
black, poeer Drex, 2.10% lsaae A. Hopper,
the Tammany leader of Harlem, won a good
brush with his brown pacer Luere, 2;18%, the
half-brother to searchlight, 2:03%, beating
John Donley'’s gray trotter, Glenmere Boy,
2:14. Robert Anderson, who sold the hand.
gome mare Baby Bernice, 2:27%, to Nathan

Btraus, brought out a new trotter of fine
prom ise cin) othe = round-turned, = th ckset
yay a@elding that took the shine of
John MeGuire’s Charmoin, 2:274, in one
of the beat contests of the day. Anderson's

trotter is without aname. Both heand Char-
moin are Philadelphia flyers, Michael Reid did
notdrive his new trotter, Willlam E., 2:224,,
but held the reins over the bay gelding Farm:
er by Alcantara, beating C.C, Lioyd's chest.
nut welding, Bichard B, 2:21, by Elyria, anc
ining two or three other brushes, J. C.
ley’s good little bay mare Hazel,
outfooted a bunch of five fast
pulling two men in the wagon A,
with the brown pacer Attempt,
won @ good brush from the pa cing

2:22, driven by W. E. Parsons,

 
  

ones,
Bimons,
2:14's,
mare Wit ae .
Charles Watson's bay mare Precious Stone,
by Baron Wilkes, a newcomer on the Speed:
way, essayed to measure strides with Benja-

min Zabn’s big bay trotting mare Dundesa,
2.23%, but found the task too much for her
bb. Brouk brought out a new one in the
cheatnut pacer Florenee, She met defeat in a
brosh up the road with Charmoin as her com-
petitor,

 

Rifle Shooting,

Company B of the Seventh Regiment is in a
fair way to place the Halsted trophy with the
Kemp and Clark prizes already in ite room as
a result of this season's competitions at the
In the third contest on Sarur-
day night “B" put forward ten eraeck shooters
ant overcame the slight lead gaine | by Com-
vanies D and Tin the two previous shoots
Vhen the cards wore totalled it was found that
Corpany B held a safe lead of ten points on
which to build for the tinal test on Leb, 24,
The scores follows
0) un Previous Grand
Totals, Seove. Tot
617 7x2

"34 *

  

‘ompany b. 1
‘ompany d 1
vapany D..... 9
1
1
1

  

t

‘

| 3
Company H

Company K

Company d

‘ par tr

Cony auy ee |

Comparye li

Cormipanva mH

jiorses, Harness and Carriages.
No better market is open to you, providing

‘our goods a book
te ren, Aro reliavie, than the reade

a |

 

No one ever questions the reliability and security of a HALL’S SAF

They are known all over the world
guaranteed throughout,

Hall’s

Your old safe exchanged
for a Modern ‘Hall.”
Second Hand Safes for sale.

Safe moving and repairing.

BOWLING RECORDS AND GAMES,

ATHLETIC LEAGUE.

 
  

   

   
 

High) High
CTuhs, WL. score. Tuba. WoL, Score
Rasevillo AAS 6 954 | Columbia... dO 14 aes
N.Y. A.C 17 7 wh2 | Elizabeth 1h BS
North Fnd....18 & O46 | Kick’ bk’rA O.7 17 885
Jersey City, 1113 H4l
FIRE INSURANCTS LRAT,
Pajatine........0 8 893 | Nor, Union,....7 & Fl
Greenwieb. 10 4 785 9 Underwritera 8 4) Feo |
Atlantic Math? 3 7H L&l.& Go 7 TNu
Germania 8 4 R20 gute vhenes io Fe yan
Caledonian....4 4 779 Home veseed TAR
Germ.-Awer...8 @ 77  Hanover......4 8 Tid
Lancashire,...8 4 70 | Royal .......@10 740
Phenix.... 6 4@ 7 | Northern......8 uv SUH
Niagara 6 4 772 | Alllance.......2 8 774
American, 7 6 842 | Union.........010 742
BANE CLERKS’ LEAGUE,
Republic,.....11 2 87 | Mt. Morris.....4@ 4
Imp, & Trad,.10 1 847) AmercanEx..4 7 i
Mech. & Trad.10 2 8.8) OL. T RO... 44 Te
U.s.sub-Treas.y & 7H Hanover..... .4 8 783
Nat. Park. ..10 @ RIN J.P.Morg’n&Co8 7 754
Manhattan Co..5 3 S02 Hamilton......0 u 72
Chase l........8 4 755 Mercantile 2 8 733
Plaza... 6 4 716) Eleventh Ward 8 iM
Chemical ......7 6 857 | Kountze Broa.) 67
Broadwa, 7 6 832) Chase2,........010 700
71 & 743

 

WHOLESALE DRUG TRADE ASSOCTATION,

See
an
Z
2

 

 

 

Colgate& Co 18 6 W156 | Seabury & J'n 8100 TaN
DodgeSOleottia 6 845 Nat. Lead(o,...8 10 Tus
Parke, D.& Coll @ &S Merck & Co. ..810 Thy
Gen.Chem.Co 1010 84 | KL & H, 0, Co.115 710
B.W.R. & Son.) v 856 |
LITHO-ARTIST TOUBNAMENT
Dewes-Prown. 4 0 863 Sinra’m Schi'r2? 6 348
Glog’r-H'man..3 1 874  Griul-Hackett.l 8 315
Ra'boh-F Ki'kn 3 1 871 | Harme-Strasb gO 4 6S
Moeloth-Norw.5 8 843
LONG IBLAND CYCLING CLUBS—CLASS A.
Orient W..... 10 2 856) Pionesr W..,, 419 All
Logan W......11 6 THU | Nassan Wo.....410 74
Hushwick W120 4 #52, Indian, (....2 4% 748
Kings Co.W..% 4 451) TamaguaW.,..311 Tay
Brooklyn B.C.3 6 &55
. CLASS BR,
Great. N.Y.W.18 1 844 | AmphionW....6 8 784
S.BrooklynW.13 8 789 | DefenderW....6 & Til
Pierce W.......8 8 7383) Red Hook W...410 762
Carroll Park W.5 8 724 ) Montauk W,,,.214 720
Williamwsb’g Wid 6 Tia
THINTERNTH REGIMENT TOURNAMENT,
Company G...19 1 822 Company F....0 9 #786
Company K...44 8 777, Company D... 711 6448 |
Company B...15 6 T44 | Company C.,...618 Tos
Company H...11 @ 757) Company L,... $3 5a]

Company E...18 8 BAT
Con pany A..18 B
Field Music .10 v

TWENTY-THIBD REGIMSNT

Company I i
Hoaspit'l Corps.
TOURNAMENT.

4
Company M...4
$
1

 

 

    

     

 

Company K # O 814 Company F....2 2 #&H
} Con pany C.,..7 2 774 | Company L....1 5 745

Company B....6 1 783 | Company G@.,..1 56 Ost

Company E..,.4 2 708 | Company D.,..0 6 828

Company H,,..4 2 752 | Company A....0 0 *

*F orfeited
FAST NEW YORK TOURNAMENT,

East New York. 0 1&6) | Spiders 8 8 771

Flukes 6 2 #41) Carlton 38 5 848
|} White Hous 5 3 873) Imperial 2 24 827

Imperial 1.....4 2 480 buehwi 1 5 74s
| Olympia....-. 462 575) Van 8iclen 28 Thi
! Corinthian, ....8 488 | Chiuncey...... Oo 2 774

Excelsior.......8 j 781 | Belvidere......0 4 606

Atlautic........ 464 Sul

TWENTY-SINTH WARD TOURNAMENT,

Manhattan. ,.24 8 hd Yellow Kid 1819 868

Atlantic 22 6 wil Goodenough,, & 22 woo

Belmont 23) wo RsY Glenmore 6822 817
| 20th Ward,...21 7 Feoeutric B24 41H

Star cooe DOOD Van Siclen 424 845

Anuex lia

 

Ali three Fire Insurance League games at Reid's
alleys on Saturtay night were dectded by too many
pins to srouge any enthusiasm, The scores;

FIRST GAME.

Osledonian—Prior, 145; Toombs, 125; Franck,
14; Fritvel, 170; Stoney, 169. Total, 747

Ainerican—Stuart 187; Williaus, 124; Bint, 156;
Froggart, 124; Broan, 156, Total, 700,

SROOND GAME

Royal—Bergen, 176; Thurston, #4; Ackerman, 137;
Wells, 111; Hendricks, 184. Total, T02

Caledontan—Prior, 142; Toombs, 128. Franck, 187;
Stoney, 134; O'Connell, 180,—Total, 7¥#1,

THIRD GAMP.

     

| American—Brown, 155; Willlams, 170; Bint, 115;
| 137; Stuart, 158. Total, 735,

|} Koval-Bergen, 155; Thurston, 115; Ackerman,
| 101; Wells, 132; Hendricks, 15y, Total, a2,

 

} _ By 252 pins the Republic team defeated the J. P
Morwan & Co, five inthe third Bank Clerke’ League
game at Reid's alleys on Saturday might, The
moles;

FIRST GAME.

Nationa! Bank of the Republic—Brown, 150; Linz,
222, Burbenne, 122, Douglas, 135; Hartel, 365,
Total, 794.

Hamilton — Crosby, 148; Ward, 40; Reilly, 182;
Kottimeier, 147; Mooney, 171, Total, 702

SECOND GAME,

Hamilton—Croaby, 121; Ward, 12%; Reilly, 153;

Kottmeier, 181, Mooney. 164. Total, dus,
J.P Morgan & Co,— Pond, 140; /torstman, 144;
158; Whitlock, Liv, Total,

O85,
THIRD GAME

National Bank of the Republic—Brown, 10; Ling,
22), Hurhenne, 188; Donglas, 184, Hartzel, 152
Total, 47)

J.P. Morgan & Co,—Pond, 135; Horstman, 128

 

}
Hamilton, 118; Horn,
|

|

|

Hamilton, 120; Horn, 125, Whitlock, 110.. Total,
627.
Honors were even in the North Side tournament
on Saturday nigut. The scores;
FIRST GAME.
Gerard—Curtia, 186; Martin, 146; McDowell, 142; |
Brown, 161; Stein, 154, Total, 71
Melrose—Cordes, 171; Doyle, 103; Fleischer, 180;
Schilling, 173; Hutchings, 150, ‘Total, x55
SECOND GAME,
Gerard—Curtis, 172; Mart'n, 147; M Dowell, 140;
Brown, M5: Stein, 144, Total, 700

|
!
| Grove Hill- Potta, 155, Robtthek, 141; Bayer, 180,
Bebneider, 12; Strack, 11. Total, 750,
THIRD GAME
Grove Hill—P tts, 163; Ro! itzek, 177; Raver, 128;
Schneider, liz, Strack, 255, Total, 884,
Melrose—Werner 118; Doyle, 152; Fleischer, 149;
Behilling, 155; Hutchings, 144, Total, us,

The Litho Artist tournament waa sontinued atthe |

Arcade alleys on Baturday night. Tho s
FIRST SP RIVS—FIRBT GAMS
Rossbach, 152, F. Kiucken, 17. Total, 831,
Moeloth, 118; Norwick, 245. Total, 8.0,
BECOND GAME
Roashach, 202; F. Kilucken, 140
Moeloth, Norwick, 164, Total, 200.
SECOND BERINS—FIRST GAME,
Rosshach, 188; F. Klicken, 144. Total, 867,
Harris, 148; Strassburg, 118. Total, 250,

roe:

Total, 871.

 

 

SFCOND GAME,

Rossbach, 104; F. Kiucken, 187. Total, 955,
Harris, lov; F. Kiuckem, 155. ‘total, 954
THIRD SERIVS—PIRBT GAME,
Harris, 15+, Strassburg, 205, Total, 3°38
Moeloth, 160; Norwick, 242, Tot], 854,
BECOND GAME,
Harris, 104; Strassburg, 127. Total, 245
Movloth, 142, Norwick, 170, Total, 12

The Greater New York Whoelmen won easily inthe
ee

“Health and Pleasure

are bottled together with

SARATOGA
ARONDACK. [,
| WATER

drink for plowsnre aod you acquire health
At inte, caf hotels and restanmints

 

    

       

sis
Tho Arondeck Spring, 1362 Broadwe-

 

 

VIN MARIANI

| Mariani Wine—World Famous Tonic

  
  
  

A reat ¢ Of the Vital Forces, Vin Moriani
isaperfertly sate and reliabl dit. t
and st ant, it vives wtpense) 4 o ww
body, D win and cerves: it tortig at !

; ene HWonrishes, sustains and per ale A
entire bystem

{ AML Drow ats Of iiae Si tetinate

 

rote Teanuh

{ r \! 4
tifa THe
PML LUE
Trnks

Are Mada,

 

Sold since 1840,

 

as the standard Safe and everyone
Prices right,

Safes.

KINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON,

GENERAL AGENTS,

393 BROADWAY, N. Y.

TEL. 307 FRANKLIN,

 

Clase Bournament of the Long Island A. of ©, 0, og
Saturday night. The scores
FIRST GAME
Tierce W. Ritter, 120; Mul!'ng, 81; Bowers, 127,
| Leamy, 12); Wilkinson, 142. Total, 687, .
Greater New York Wi—House, 154; Smith, 166;
Hauer, 100; Walker, 153; Grauer, 162, Total, 826.
| SECOND OAME.
Defender W,—Schiivesman, 07; Breweter, 1%
Huvels, 125, Weidner 140: Stager, 122, Total; oon
Pieroe We Ketter 114, Mulling, #2; Bowers, 147%
Total, 596,
| THIRD GAME,
| Greater New York W,—Hause, 112; Smith, 1665
Haver, 170; Schneider, 123; Grover, 241, Total,

712.
Defender W.-Schliesman, 125; Brewster, 1
Huvls, 108; Weidner, v8, Stager, 9). Tol 885, ”
The Brooklyn Twenty-sixth Ward tourname:
Games on Saturday night resuited as follows; ”

FIRST GAMR,
Manhattan Canute, 104, Haller, 137; @,
1s: Ba er, 145; Allen, Ts, Totl, 61s em
Eecentric-4‘orduan, 3151; Bucholtz, ; Rood
ling, 185; Thoret, 145; Skougs, 153. thot. 716.
BECOND GAME,
Manhattan—Canute, 151; Haller, 148; @,
163; Kaner, kv Allen, 161. Total, 81, om
Fecentric- Corduan, 118; Bucholtz, 162; Roebling,
150; Thoret, 147, Skeg@s, 124, Total, 700,

acumay, 120; Wilk mson, 124,

Bowling Games To-night.

Ainerican National Riverdale, Corinthian an@
Ariington, at the Germania Assembly Roome all

Harlem Savy League—Metropolitan, Wyanoke
an’ Harlem, at Thum & Kahladorf’s alleys.

National League—Roseville, Berkeley and Katok-
atin per, a oars alleys wy

rth Side Leazue—Pontiac Wheelmen team
Dolando and Prospect. at Pump’s alleys .
United Bowling Clube, Rection 2~Black Baas,
Cyclone and Accident, at the Arcade alleys,

West Site League—Jolly, Nemo and Central, at
Moyer's alleys

Junior Order United American Mechanice—State
Board, George Washington and America, at Fuoh’s

eysa,

New York Royal Arcanum League—Our 0
team 1, ve, Knik kerbocker CouncilyDeVinne Sounctt
} Lenox Council and New York Counct! team 3, at the
| Tennis club alleys

 

Columbia — Century Wheelmen, Standard and
Hooker, at Schlusa nz 6 alleys,
Interclub League—Crescent A. C. va, Aurore Grate
} lub. Carleton club ws Lincoln club; Hanover clnb
he Bgioherbasner &. C, Columbian club va, Brooke
i fey eClu »
bri oklyn Royal Arcanum Leawue—De Witt Clinton
Council, Nassau Council and Bedford Council, at

Trainor'sa 8.
league, Sub—Gilbert

 

 

Brookiyy Roval Arcanum
Connedl Broo sty a Connect! and Pailadelphos Council,
at the Blephant Chub alleys,

Gerinania—lmperial, Fast New York and White
House, at Bern ad's alleya

Kings County Anchor, Don't Know and Senate, at

| Letster's alleys
| Bay Ridge Adirondack, Reilly 2 and St. Michael's,
at Koch's alleva,

Twenty-sixth
Roesels alloys

Hutson County Catholic Leagne—S8t. Peter’s va.

) St. Aloysius Tyceum, at St. Peter's alleys; 8
Mi hael’s of Weat Hoboken vs. All Saints, at Bt
Michael's alleys

Phiiteenth Regiment—Compauy B, Company L

aid Company M,

Ward—Auncx vs, Glenmore, at

Cross Country Running,

The hardy croas country runners were out {a
force yestertay on all the local trails, and the

| late runsin the afternoon were finished Ina
| downpour of rain. John J. O’Brien captured
the honors in the run of the Hamilton A, ©, at
Bay Ridge, overa five-mile course, with Frede
erick O'Brien second and Thomas L, Mulford
third. John J. Carson won the Evergreen A. A,
run from Ridgewood. The men went over a
route about five anda half mileslong. William
H, Edmunds, Deflance Cyclers, was second
and Frederick J. Brantley, Evergreen A. A.
third, The St. Bartholomew A. A, held Its first

| junior run from the clubhouse of the Star A,
| C, Long Island City, yesterday afternoon,
‘There were fifteen starters. The course was
about four miles Jong. and the youngsters
showed skill, strength and endurance, After
the prettiest kind of a race Thomas J. Wa'sp
was first in, fo.lowed by William H. Daley, J. J.
Murtha, J. J. Bradley, J. Leavey. F. Wallace, T.
BR. MeGurty and A. Leavey. Time, 25 minutes
; In the big invitation paper chase of the Star
| A.C. yesterlay F, Westof!, Star, and W. Brune,
Pastime A. C.,were the hares, They went away
five minutes ahead of the pack of hounds. Gare
rett J. Fitzgeraid and F. J. Hussey were the
pacemakers, while Worden of the St. Bartholo-
mews and, Roettger of the Star were the
whips. Thefinish was was as follows:

H, Schule, W. Huge, J.J Shevlin. R.D. White, D.
Lyuch, ¥. 0. Keilley, EB Hiler, ©. Worden, J. Je
White, J. Hampton, J. Hussey, M. Murphy, H.
| Leyva. J, Mulbgan, W, Havelop, J. H. Holliday, R.
| Ri hter Pos, E-linger, Garrett Fitzgerald, G. J. Hole
liday, H, Manley, R. Hess and Ro Fettner. Time
for hares, 4) minutes; for first hound, 82 minutes

| Therunofthe Glendale Harriers yesterday
was wou by George M. Taylor with Frederick
| J. Flaherty second and James A, Gladwish
third. The usual aix aod a half mile course
} was covered in 4) minutes, 48 seconds, Fred«
erick G. Kupprecht won the run of the Atlantio
A.C. which wae hetl yesterday from the clube
house at Kidgewood Park. J, Keingasn eame
} home second, with Terence J, Murphy third
Fand Willam H, Jenkias fourth, Time, 51 mine
} ufes,

 

Basketball Notes,

The Keystone Drowntes would like to meet any
| 105-110-pounl team. Have orly a fewopen dates,
Olivet ive preterm |, Address E. Traas, 142 Becoud
aveune
Tie cirls team of the Manual Training High
School and the tive of the Berkeley Sehool of Brooke
lyn pla.ed # lively game at the latter's “gym” on
haturda,, the former winning by @ sore of 17 tov,

 

One of the cosiest games the Seventeenth) Separate

Company of Flishng bave won this season was

playset on Saturday nivht at the Armory with the

Pooite A.C. team. The latter never were dangerous,

abil t! nly scomus was done by the soldiers,
who tallloti® pomnts to 0 for the Pacifies,

7 pening wanes of the Metropolitan Publie

| Hah Sohbool Athletic League tournament were

 

eeheduled tor saturday, but only one of tue three
was played at Scliwalba h's Academy, Brooklyn, It
was wonesid d afer, the Manual Trainiog Hig!

Sehool tea d-teatiug the Commercial High Schoo
boys by aa-ore of 17 to 0

Two teatns from the Brooktyn A. C, played thi

first and second fives of the Twenty-sizth War

YMC A. inthe latter's gymnasium at East New
Yo kon Siturday might and in both contests the
Y. MC A, plavers won by a bigseore, The opening
eine Was between the first teams, the score beings
Iwenty-sixth Ward, 87; Brooklyn A.C. 3 The
{teas then lined up, the result being as fole

 

feo)

lows. Twenty sixth Ward, 41; Brooklyn A. C,, 2.
The Milvdlo team, which quit the Interstate

Leauue to join the National, avain dem onstrated ite

alility to hold its own in fast company by defeats

the Camd n five_on Saturday night, by the score o
| 2410 14,” Bristoland the Pennsylvania Club teams

furuishel the only other league game played, Brise

tol winning by ascore of 4 to 20. New York and

Trenton lead in the race, each having five victories
aud one defeat. Then comes Millville with four
wits and two defeats, Camden and Bristol a tie,
three victories and four defeats, and the Ponnsyte
vania Beycle Clab last with no victories and eight
detca's

The New York National League team and thecrack
up Stite five of the Siateenth Separate Company of

 

Catskill pliced a game in the latter town on Satue-

! day night. It was theroughest and «crappiest ever
devite lat that place) New York named the referee

| forthe fest bef and the Sigtecnth Separate Com.
J pany ployers ¢ pttivally howled at hia degisions,
Iter to#in favorof the New York team,

The halt enle

      

| Ar lected t Sixtecnth Separate Com-
pany offieta i |, His rulings appeared

| te be wisatisfactory, The fnal seore was: New
York soxtecnth Separate Company, &

| firet eof aseriesof three forthe champion-

aot Vercon, was played at the Armory
th Separate Corpwny on. Saturday
the West lester County Wheelmon

     
   

Mount Verson ¥ MOC. 4. The wheal.
rtam play, inished ahead in the first
tate & The uext half was a disas-

the Christians Th wentto pirces

 

tron
Jan fatted tu ease ‘hely to tul, while the wheel-
Jines added © pouty ‘Lao fina: score waa: Weate
chet: Wheelnen, & Mount Vernon ¥, M,C. A, 8,
Previous t.) the bug gome the second ¥. M. CG, A
team fated th ft ith Separate Company
i yascore oft
Crack Athletes to Compete in) Armory
! (inmes,

More than two bundred and fifty entnes have
been received tor the nt vanes of the Xavier
1A antl C y G@ Bint. Rev ment, to be beld
to-sworrow ivit at tae artucty, Fourteenth street
nd sisth aveonioe The men entered inelade the

i t athletes of t Vio tropoltan dis
t . ber of ¢ Ho Toiverity and
reity of eViVantaers i

I Ovarl deeh AH. Kent of the Pastime
4 ' t , 4 iarce fleld,
yoeludit Alead tt Pacit (oaat aprinter,
u Noe ie Colutible boothall player,
wt ” wear the Pasting
Kitaes lon
tr : t tes iu five ile relay Pace,
“it reuewl ve na 0 le boaring on
the red t mot eh mpeenwip Ove

| twent t tus boeo.e riders

Cie fast ‘
Z3dsU& Gib AY, | Compote iu the Lali iuile aud Ube ule Keted,