'

ane NS

MONDAY, PEBRUARY 5, 1800.

-_——

fuobscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month... eceveceones
DAILY, per Year
BUNDAY, per ¥o see
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per You
DAILY AND SUNDAY, por Month. .cccereen ce 70

Doetage to foreign countries added,
Tur Bex, New York City,

   

Pans -Kioaque No 12, pear Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No, 10, Boulevarde des Capucines,

Vt our frends who frvor ut with manuseripta for
publication with to have re poled articles returned, they
must in all cases send stampa for (hat purposr,

-—-—
———

The March of an Idea,

In November, 182, there appeared in the
Kennebec Jovrnal an article on Pacitle
expansion, written by the late Joun
L. STEVENS, & cool observer of events and
always an intelligently patriotic Atmerican,
Mr. STEVENS was then the United States
Minister to Hawali, Among other im-
pressive passages of that prophetic article
were these:

“The States and Territories which ontlet on the
vast Western ocean will some day have a population |
of 150,000,000 of souls, The Pacific side of the
American Republic, stretching from north Alaska to
south California, a coast line of 4.000 miles without
including the 1,70) miles of shore line of Puget
Bound, ia to have @ development of awricultural
lumber, fisheries and mineral riches, out of which
will flow streame of commerce which neither the
imagination nor cold figures can Well cover at the
present time,

“In the front of these vast Pacifle States extends
the immense ocean of the Pacitic. Across this vast
Pacific plain must be for ali time the water roads
along which will move the commerce of many
hundreds of millions of people, Ane bored firmly
between the two great oceans America divides with |
Europe the commerce of the Atlantic, Europe hav |
ing the advantage in niunbers, positon and prestige. |
But on the great Western o ean America ean easily |
take the lead and hold it securely against |
all competitors, To do this she must improve
bor opportunities, Sloth aud cowardice never win
anything worth having Time waits neither for |
individuals nor nations, Success is for those who
dare. |

“Shall Americans sleep while others are awake to |
take from then these natural advantages? Time
and tide wait neither for men nor for nations.”

}

On Thursday of last week, in the House
of Representatives, the Hon. Josrrn
CrockER SIBLEY, a Demoerat of Pennsyl-
vania, delivered one of the most eloquent
speeches yet heard in the Fifty-sixth Con-

gress. Here are some of the passages of

Mr. Sipney's speech:

“Do gentlemen recognize the fact that in one |
hundred yoars from to-day this will be a nation of |
400,000,000 souls? With such a soil, with @uch
matorial resourees and with such @ people, who
would haul down the tag from enlarged boundaries?
Who would environ and stifle between two oceans |
the energies of such acivilization? Whowoull pend
up its powers within the contines of a continent?

“Take Mencaton’s projection of the map of the
world; view the position of the States of the Gulfin
relation to the interoceanic canal; view our Pacifio
ports moved 10,000 m les uearerto our door, enlarge |
your vision and Jet it sweep trom the Pacific coast to
Tawail and the Philippine archipelago, study the j
capabilities of production of these islands under |
Dumave government, witness theirpr ducts, of auch
diversified nature and of such value, not coming in
competition with the produets ¢ f our American
husbandman, as will start ourlooms and spindles
anid stimulate industry inallour factories; look at
thie archipelago in relation to the Straits Settle
ments, with ther teeming millions, situated just to |
the south of China and Japan and Korea—thia |
archipelago becomes the trade centre of the Fastern |
world

“Bball we eternally take counsel with our fears?
Bhall we play the role of opportunists in polities? |
Shall we act the part of politicians onissnes of sneh
tromendous consequence, No! No! Let us rather
eet our faces to the morning, and keep step with the i
forward progress of the world.

“Mr. Speaker, every dictate of prudence and of
Stetesmanship, every dictate of business sense and
of commercial advantage, every prompting 0
manity

lu-
and every obligation of applied Christianity
unite in the demand that we go forward.”
Mr. STRVENS'S mind was concerning itself
chiefly with Hawaii, Mr. Stnvey was think-
|

 
  

 

ing most of the Philippines, The Repub-
lican was urging his party and his country
to have the courage and patriotism to doa
wise and great thing. The Democrat was
imploring lis party not to commit itself to
the unspeakable folly ofattempting to undo
a wise and great thing already done,

Yet the inspiration of these two appeals
was precisely the same, and both Ameri-
cans were urgings on the forward mareh of
the same megnifieent idea.

Our UnderésOtlicered Army,

Few persons appreelate how short-handed
and under-officered Army really is.
Even in time of peace, when only routine
duties have to bedone, there are few enough
officers to go around, and many a company

om

is commanded by a non-commissioned
offieer, because its
are absent
service of some kind

Exactly how much under-ofticered) the
Army is appears fron the latest number of
the “Army List and Directory,” published
on the 20th of the month, According to
this, there were vacancies inthe Adjutant-
General's Departinent, the Inspector-Gon-
eral's Department, the corps of engineers
and the Ordnance Department. These
vacancies, however, do not show the short-
handedness of the Army in the most impor.
tant point, the line officers,

Only three regiments of the Army were
fully officer: dondan. 20, The field omMeors of
the regiments were as numerous as they
should be; the lists of Captains and of First
Lieutenants were generally complete: but
only inthree regiments wasthe list of Second
Lieutenants filled, ‘The First and Pourth
Cavalry bad eleven Seeond Lieutenants
the Third had ten, tive regiments bad nine
each and two had only eight Seeond Lieu
tenants. The full list should show twelve,

In the Artillery, Where there should be
fourteen Second Lieutenants to each regis
ment, the Fourth and Fifth regiments had
full lists; the Third had thirteen, the First
and Second had the Sixth
eleven, and the Seventh had nine. The In.
fantry should have twelve second Lieuten-
ants to a regiment; and the Nineteenth
had that The other Infantry
regiments had from eleven (the Twenty-
second) to seven Second Lieutenants, the
Jwonty-lifth having the stuallest number,

This statement, even yet, does not show
the extent of our short-handedness. In
every regiment a large number of officers
was carried absent for one reason or an-
other, besides those absent temporarily,
as for sickness, Inthe three regiments, in
the three arms, having the largest number
of oMecers, the First Cavalry, with forty-
five oMleers, had only thirty-three present;
twelve Were on detached servies, The

Fourth Artillery list of fifty-one

ofleers, of whom fourteen were detached,

The Nineteenth Infantry, with a full list of

officers, had six on detached serviee, Of

the three regiments with the fewest officers,
the Fifth Cavalry had eleven of its forty-

officers
leave, or on detached

cominissioned

sivk, on

Tweive each,

huiiber,

had oa

\

| oerats of the Bay State.

Seventh Artillery had twelve of its forty-
six on detached service; and the Twenty-
fifth Infantry had thirty-two officers pres-
ent and eight detached, In nearly every
case, therefore, from one-fifth to one-quar-
ter of the too few officers were serving

away from their regiments.

Of course, this cannot be helped entirely.
Offleers must go on leave, will get sick,
or must act as recruiting officers, But it Is

|
'
|

three officers on detached service; |

unfortunate that the Army should be #0
ghort-handed just now especially. The
matterean be helped temporarily by gradu-
ating the senior class at the Military
Academy earlier than usual; but that ex-
pedient will not avall always. Even in time
of peace our Army [a often without the
necessary officers to do {ts work; 80 some-
thing more than graduating a class ahead
of the usual time Is necessary. If there
were more students at the Academy, more
officers who could be assigned to a regi-
room of officers absent
on Jong details, the trouble might be
prevented, It has been proposed to
give to each Senator the right to nomi-
nate to West Point; and to give to the
President ten nominations at large each
year, instead of ten in four years. Some-
thing as radical as either of these proposl-
tions is needed, Otherwise the condition
will grow worse rather than better. Then,
if the extra officers, now carried as addi-
tional Second Lieutenants in certain regi-
ments, could be carried as‘ unaasigned,”
as so many officers wereafter the Civil War,
and detailed to regiments where their sere
vies were needed, or be used as recruiting
officers, &e., the present condition of affairs,
now so unsatisfactory, would not be re-
peated, The needed changes ought to be pro-
vided by the present session of Congress.

ment in the

Democratic Leaders.

War cannot shake the philosophic mind,
as this comprehensive resolution of infor-
mation shows:

“To par Fprron ov Tur Sux—-Sir: There ise

| demand among agool many people who are inter-

eated to know who are the master Democrats of thia |
country, andour club would like to have you tell

|) us. if you will devote the apace to it, who are the ten

leading Democrats of the United States, the five
leading Pemocrata of New York State, the five of the
city, and the five of each of the States of the Union,
We would like to know who our leaders are to be, or
now are, and we would rather have THe Scy’s
judgment as to who they are than anybody's wa
know of. Do we get the list?
* Beprory, Pa A.D. K., Secretary,”

We must respectfully decline to compile
998

a catalogue of such length, To select 225

| leading Democrats istoo great a task, Ti

would cause us real hardship. How, for
example, ara we to find the flve leading
Democrats of Vermont? Probably there
are as many as five Green Mountain Demo-
erats, but for years the fame of only one
of them, the Hon. BrapnEy B, SMALLEY,
has penetrated other States; and he belongs
toa past epoch of the Democratic party.

The truth is that the national Democ-
raey has only a perfunctory and official
existence in the Fast. Under Mr. BRYAN
the Democratic party is given up to little
men in the East and to violent radicals in
the West, In the South, whieh is Demo-
eratie from habit and from a surviving
belief that Republicanism would imperil
white ascendency, the Democratic machine
seema to have fallen into the hands of see.
ond-class or third-class men, Everywhere
thereare leaderking, but in this Democratic
silver age the ‘master’ Democrats are
few. Take Massachusetts, for instance,
Our correspondent knows the name and
fame of the Hon, GkoRGE FrED WILLTAMS,
but he will be no wiseror happier if wa
mention the Hon. WinntaMm 8. McNary
and the Hon, CHRISTOPHER T, CALLAHAN,
Those are the three most conspienous Deme
Add Col, A, C,
DRINKWATER and the Hon, ALEXANDER
BueerHaLes Breer or the Hon. Ronerr

TREAT PAINE, Jr., and you have the five
leading Demoerats of Massachusetts, An
inspiring collection !

Practically, there is one, and only one,
Democratic leader, Mr. Bryan, He is far
from being a master Demoerat, but he is
the undisputed Democratic master and boss
paramount,

The five leading Democrats of Manhattan
are the Hon, RICHARD CROKER. The Hon,
Huan McLAvGHurn is still the master
Democrat of Brooklyn. Between the gen
nine Bryanites and most of the men whoare
really Important in the Democratic party
of New York there is a feeling of suspicion
that cannot be allayed. The rigid Bryanites
nearest to the bosom of the reeognized
leader are mostly slight, unmeritable men,
Perhaps the Hon, Norman E. Mack of
Buffalo is the most energetic of the leaders
connected with the present régime, There
is a general feeling among the conserva-
tive Democrats that nothing can be done
until Bryanism has been buried, Then such
former leaders as the Hon, Davip Bennerr
Hin, at present totally submerged, and
the Hon, Epwarp Mvrpny, partially sub-
merged, may be resuscitated. Then, too,
the Hon, WILLIAM COLLINS WHITNEY may
return from his brilliant financial successes
to the political stage, But this lies on the
knees of the gods, There is really no leader
anvwhere but Mr. BRYAN,

In the country at large are plenty of
Barirys and Lentzes, but few Democrats
with a real fitness to do anything more
than splutter and make faces, In power
of intellect, in knowledge of public affairs,
in old experience and in breadth of view
there are fow men in either party who sur-
piss the Hon, JoHN Tyner MorGan of Ala-
bama. He belongs with statesmen of the
old-fashioned Demoeratic type. He holds
the old Demoeratie faith as to expansion,
He is outof favor with some of the Bryan
worshippers. In his own State the monkey
people are attacking him,

The Hon. ArTHUR PURE GORMAN of Mary-
land is ashrowd and long-headed organizer
and manager, somewhat diseredited by his
unpatriotic course during his last days in
the Senate; somewhat diseredited also by
his characteristic ambiguity, and not hon-
ored mueh for the seareely shining
vietory which he won last year by muffling
Democratic principles. But the man has
brains in his head and not merely tinkling
eymbals such as the Hon, Jim Jones of
Arkansas and many of the other Bryanite
magnates wear, ;

Of the true blue Bryanites one, and but
one, the Hon, Jos PeTer ALTGELD, seems
to us really formidable, He has mental
foren of statement, savage logic,

firmness of convietion and grasp of his

principles. But Mr. Anrarnp has a genius
for quarrelling. He is a disorganizer and
cannot be a stceessful party leader, One
authentic statesinan, one shifty but elever
manager and one doctrinaire: that is the
list, as far as we vare to make it,
| There are many Democrats of reapect-
able character and talents in high places;
men Ike LInpsay of Kentueky, McLarrin
i of South Carolina, JOHN WARWICK Dawren
| of Virginia; but a composite-mental photos
| graph of the Democratic leaders now most

fou

power,

—< quan te Ree eh

KJ ny

Cuamp CLARK and Jonn Jacop Lentz.

Our correspondent, as a Pennsylvanian,
will pardon us for not venturing to say any
moro of the eminent Keystone leader, Col,
Jim Gurrery, than that he is more beautiful
than some days,

Antl-Trust Law tn Ilinois and Texas,

Last week added two new chapters to
the biography of the Trust. On Monday
Judge Kounsaat of the United States Cir-
cult Court held that the Ilinots Anti-Trust
law was unconstitutional, On Thursday
the new Texas Anti-Trust law began
business,

In the Illinois case a company brought
suiton promissory notes given by the de-
fendant, who pleaded the Anti-Trust law
which makes debts due to trusta non-col-
lectible, The Court declared that one amus-
ing provision of that law, the exemption
of “agricultural producta or live stock,

 

raiser,” was contrary to the Constitution of
the State, If the rest of the act were held
good and only the special exemptions held
bad, the people whom the Legislature
meant toexempt would be rendered subject
to legislation by the courts, So the whole
act falls, subject, to be sure, to appeal, but
the erring exemption is 80 palpably a piece
of class legislation that it has no legal legs
to stand on. The Illinois Legislature has
puttered a great deal with Anti-Trust laws,
and will have to putter more,

Judge Konnsaar decided that the Sher-
man act did not apply to the case, since
promissory notes were in question and not
a contract in restraint of trade; in other
words, the contract was a legal contract
whether the plaintiff was a wicked and
illegal trust or not,

Texas has had some experience in build-
ing Jaws against trusts, and has tried her
handat exemptions forthe benefit of farmers
and cattlemen end labor unions, The courts
are cruel to these good-natured attempts to
create privileged classes, The new law
exempts nobody and nothing. It is what
is called a sweeping” act; one of those
wide and wild laws that make a lot of
dust and do no more, Every corporation
has to make affidavit that it is not a party
toany trust, combination or pool for the
purpose of fixing prices or limiting produe-
tion. Pains, penalties and provisions too
numerous to mention crowd the law.
Numerous outside concerns are affected
by it, notably, the insurance companies
which have entered into rate agree-
ments, As in Illinois, the debtor to a
trust is allowed to show his repent-
ance by refusing to pay his debts to that
trust, Practically, this repudiation clause
will not be taken advantage of often, The
standard of commercial honor is too high
forthat, But the immediate effect of any

ij such law, if regarded seriously, as this

Texas statute seems to be, must be to
restrict credits, to advance prices and to
injure business.

It is safe to expect, however, that this
law will be modified or will fall harmless.
The ignorant zeal of Legislatures cannot
affect much or long the laws of business,

Their Lost Leader,

So far as it isa question of right and jus-
tice and moral title between the two parties
contending in Kentucky, the death of Mr.
GoEFBEL does not change the situation,

Nor does it affect, so far as is now appar-
ent, the purely legal aspects of the case, the
technical rights or wrongs of either party.

It remains to be seen whether the mur-
derer'a bullet has turned the seale in
another way. We meanas to the relative
political ability and general intellectual
resourees exhibited on the two sides of this
contest. While Gornrn was alive and led,
the balance in that respect was unmistake
ably with him and his followers,

Higginsonius, Censor Litterarum,

Oak and triple brass surround the heart
of the veteran, Col, Thomas Wrxtworri
Hicarnson, He has passed the three seore
years and ten allotted to man, and had
given notice of his withdrawal from life's
hurly burly by becoming voluminously rem-
iniseent. Acrisisin Boston life, however has
roused him onee more to action, and he has
undertaken a task which might well daunt
aman much younger in years,

In Boston, where no act publie or private
may be performed properly save through
the ageney of aclub, an Authors’ Club was
started by some enthusiasts, who forget for
the moment that every Bostonian springs
from the soila fully equipped author, The
result, though dazzling finencially, was ca-
lamitous from the social point of view, for
the South End and the Back Bay elbowed
Beacon Hill, and Chelsea and Somerville
jostled Cambridge and Brookline in the
rush to pay in their five-dollar bills and so-
cure admission to the elub.

Theelub had become a mob, Speedy and
radieal action became neeessary, so into
the breach stepped a self-constituted tri-
umvirate, or perhaps trimullerate, aterm
the gallant Colonel would probably prefer,
eonsisting of Col, Htcainsoy, Miss Mary
EK. Witkins and Judge Roperr Gran,
Not names, it is true, that can dim the
Longfellow-Lowell-Holmes days of an
author-elubless Boston, but the best that she
ean do now; and it will be admitted that a
living Bon GRANT is more clubbable than a
dead Raben Warnbpo Eversos, The trimu-
lierate at onee disbanded the club, returned
the fees and proceeded to build up barriers
against admission to a new Authors’ CInb
whieh it immedlately called into being,
With feminine tuet it hes avoided all refer.
ence to to those of
wealth, but calls on alleandidates to prove
before a competent judge whether or no
they may be prononuneed In-
stead, moreover, of looking abroad for who
should bell the eat they evolved a Ruwpa-
MANTHUS ont of their own body and se-
leeted Col, HiGainson,

The Colonel is tindeninbly as well quali-
fled forthe postas arnancan be, He isan
author himself, and oa Boston author at
that. His literary tastes are catholie and
his judyinents very mereiful,

standards or

social

“authors,”

Does he not
appreciate the verse of Jones Very and did
he not discover EMILY Dickinson? It is
likely that the mantle of his charity will

cover every contributor to the Boston
Evening Transeript, but he must draw a
line somewhere, and may draw it there,

That is where Col, HigGinsoy’s valor will
come into play, Will the courage shown in
the attack on Boston Court House to free
ANTHONY BURNS, shown later in taking the
doubly dangerous post of commander of
the first regiment of freed slaves, and
shown as persistently in leading the wom-
an’s rights forees, year after year, against
the impregnable citadel of the Massaehu-
setts Legislature, enable even Col, Higa.
son to tell the Boston writer, who falls
below his standard, that he is no author?
Col. HIGGINsoN is a modest man and in
this instance has doubtless felt that it was

his duty to step in where others feared to

 

conspicuous would show a mixture of | tread. His performance as literary censor

|

|
}
|

ae as

a

oe

‘

 

 

 

will be of interest to students of the lower
depths of Boston letters, but a wider world
will want to hear him explain when an
author is not an author.

The Bicycle of 1900,

With the prospect of warmer weather and
better roadways before many weeks, and
aclearer knowledge of the bicycles of this
year’s model, wheelmen have begun to dis-
enss riding with increased earnestness.
Those who attended the Cycle Show saw
enough to convince them that the wheels
of 1900 will not disappoint anybody's ex-
pectations, They saw, indeed, specimens
of machines which, in all probability, will
give greater general satisfaction than any
produced heretofore.

Naturally, it was not expected that the
new modela would embody many radical
changes from those of 1800, The qualities
of the latter were sufficient to please the

 

while in the hands of the producer or | majority of wheelmen, and it is doubtful if

many of them hoped to see the old mounts
excelled, There was a fear on the part of
some riders that the manufacturers, in
their desire to continne the march of bley-
cle development, might employ principles
and devices which, while exhibiting me-
chanical skill, would prove to be displeasing
to the fraternity of cyclists, Tha recent
exhibition in Madison Square Garden dis-
pelled all such apprehensions, Modifica-
tions have been made, but they have
excited nothing but admiration,

In the matter of bearings, Inst year's
styles have been, for the most part,
adhered to. Few striking changes in frames
are noticed, As to saddles, it would seem
well-nigh impossible to enlarge upon the
variety presented last year. Handle bars,
in some cases, have been twisted Ina way
to lend novelty to their appearance, and, it
is gratifying to see, the up-turned sort have
been preserved and made more attractive

alas for the seorcher! Tires have been
invented which, it is promised, will excel in
tougtiness those of former years.

Nothing that ean now be sald concerning
the new wheels will leasen the desire of
riders to jump into the saddle and test the
machines for themselves before pronoune-
ing them entirely satisfactory. For the
present, therefore, wheelmen may find
encouragement in reflecting that the first
impression of the models of 1900, as gained
at the Cycle Show, has been good, It is
reported that the orders already placed for
new machines are much larger than ever
before at this time of the year,

 

In Congress the leading Democrats are from
the Bouth.—Minneapol # Trmes

At this point the Hon, Jonn Jacon Lentz of
Ohio coughed, shuffled his feet, and twisted his
intellectual lineaments into a double bowknot
of pain

When ex-Mayor GRANT was made receiver
of the St. Nicholas Bank there was a great out-
ery neainst the appointment. Mr. Grant per-
formed his duties with such ability and pro-
bity that he won the confidenve of the first
men in New York mercantile and flnanetal life.
When Jast week it was a question of selecting
a receiver for the vast corporation known as
the Brooklyn Wharf and Warehouse Company
Mr. Gran? was the unanimous choice of all the
parties in interest, Judge Fitzcrnann, for
reasons that he deemed satisfactory, set Mr.
GRANT'S name aside and appointed Mr, JonN F.
Carron, but the appointment was rendered
nugatory by the combined action of all the
counsel in the case, The opposition was
identical to that shown against Mr. Graxt, and
yet there is no reason whatever to suppose that
Mr. Carno“t would not have discharged his
duties as receiver withthe same fidelity and
efficiency that distinguished Mr, GRANT.

Jony Stvanr Mri read Latin at the age of
4. — Syracuse Journal,

Not a marvellous instanee of precocity. The
Hon. Jog Batney was born with a copy of the
Constitution in bis right hand; and it was all
Greek to him then and has been ever since,

No good man will trust the tale that the
Hon. Jim Jones of Arkansas is a bit of an
Octopus, The truth is that some evil-dispoaed
persons are anxious to have Mr. Jones ousted
from the chatrmanship of the Democratic
National Committee, a post which exactly suits
his talent for predictions and bulletins. Ifhe
is interested in any Trust, he is interested
only for the purpose of studying the babits of
monsters and monstrosities.

The Hon, Hocus SMITH avers that ‘the
element in the South which favors expansion
is insignificant.” Vhis insignificant element
includes, for example, Senator Morgan, Sena-
tor McLaunry, Senator Linpsay, Senator Sur-
TVAyN, the Hon, Clank Hower, Chief Justice
SNopoanass of Tennessee, Governor Jones of
Arkansas, Judge Rraoan of Texas, newspapers
like the Richmond Temes, thea Memplis Com-
mercial Appeal, the Chattanooga Times, the Af-
lanta Constitution, the New Orleans Meayune,
the Galreston News; and the cotton spinners
and cotton planters. The Hon, Hocrs Smita
is talking in his sleep,

The Hon, Ennio? DANFORTH is willing to
be the Democratic candidate for Vice-Presi-
dent, if the people call him, but he must keep
his eyeon the Hon, Avotst Pinxkpank. Bryan
and PINkPANK would bea ticket to move and

melt the heart,
ee

War Medals and Monuments,

To THE Epitor or Tak Sux—Sir: In your editorial
of Jun. 20, stating that a bill had been intro-
duced by Senator Chandler of New Hampshire ap-
propriating $10,000 fora monument to Chief Yeo-
man Ellix, who was killed on the Brooklyn at Santi-
ago, vou omitted to note the fact that Senator Depew
ef Manhattan ard Col, Clayton of Brooklyn had
presented a joint resolution appropriating $5,000 to
provide mdile ef honor tor the survivors of the
18,000 New York militiamen) who evolunteered (or

were ordered by the Governor) to goto Pennsylvania
in Ine Sto assist the Army of the Potomac in ex-
pelling Lee and his Confederate veterans from the
Kevstone State If the bill of Senator Chandler
extabishesa precedent which would create @ yreat
drain upon the reventies of the Government, what
would be the effect of the Depew-Clayt.n bill? The
billetates that all men who volunteered “before
Getiysburg’ are to be decorated, whether they were
inthe batth o t Grower BE. Banton,
Private in the Rear Rank,

 

 

 

Senator Chandler's bill andthe bill to raise
amonument to Lieut, Lansdale and Ensign
Monaghan propose to honor especially the
memory of three persons who died in doing
theirduty, The Depew-Clayton bill appropri
ates money to make good a promtse made
nearly thirty-seven years ago, and not yet ful-
filled, On June 20, 1803,in General Orders
No. 115, the Secretary of War promised appro-
priate medals of honor to troops “who,
after the expiration of their term, have offered
their services to the Government in the present
emergency; and also for the volunteer troops
from other States that have volunteered their
services in the States of Maryland and Penn-
syivania.” The Depew-Clayton bill is intro-
‘need in an effort to fulfl an official promise
not yet kept,

Cotton Mannfacturing at the South,

From the Journal of Commerce

The building of new cotton mills in the Sonth goes
on ata phenomenal pace, Plans were inaugurated
ju January for an outlay of over $5,000,000 and the
addition of about 2,500,000 spindles, Of course,
all of these projects may not be carried to compile-
tion, Dut the details have boen colieeted with care
an tinelude only actual incorporations or applica-
tions for charters.

As yet no fears are expressed concerning over-
production, The milla are busy and earning good
dividends, As soon, however, as the new mills be-
win their output and home demands begin to
siacken the test will come, and sharp. depression
will follow unless @ foreign outlet isfound. The
South apparently appreciates this fact, hence the
support of the expansionist policy 1B @ quarter once

loast expected,

 

a

eee
a

  

THE CAMPAIGN IN SOUTH AFRICA,

omiapnenee
Although fighting ou the Tumeln was be-
Heved in London to have heen renewed on Fri-
day, no authentic news on the subject has yet
come to band, A deapateh, however, states
that Gon. Buller ts thought to have crossed the
Tugolato the westward above Trichardt's Drift, |
and to be marching on Ladysinith by Acton
Homes, Confirmation of this Is awaited, In
tho moantima it will be useful to recapltu-
late the compoaition of the foree under Gen
Buller'’s orders, not Including the garrison of
Ladyamith, on Jan, 28, There were three tne |
funtry divisions of two brigades each, compris-
ing 24 battalions of British regulars and | local
colonial regiment, Tho artillery forces con. |
prised { fleld batteries, 1 howitzer battery, ||
Mountain battery, 1 naval L2-pound battery, 8 |
|
|

naval 4.7 guns and 1 Natal light battery—a
total of 80 guna, less the 11 lost at Colenao, Of
cavalry thore were 2 regiments and 2squalrons
anda local mounted force composed of Hvol- |
unteer organizations and the Natal Police. Tho |
total atrength of the command, therefore, May |
be estimated at about 26,000 effectives after
deducting the most recent losses; none too |
many for the work to be done,

The Boer headquarters at Ladvamith reports |
the capture of a body of forty-llve mounted |
pollee near the Vryheld boundary with S47 |
rifles and considerable ammunition, These |
wore probably intended to arm natives, the |
British Natal authorities having decided on do- |
ing 80 a short time ago.

The offlctal despatches from the seat of war
that have been published in England are in-
teresting rending, The firstthing is the way
in which in Natal on the outbreak of the war,
military considerations were subordinated en- |
tlrely tothe political, Immediately on assum-
ing command, Sir George White informed the |
Governor of Natal of his intention to with. |

|

draw the Glencoe garrison on account
of its exposed position, and concentrate
all his forees at Ladysmith, The opinion

of the Governor, however, that | such
f step would involve grave political results |
and possibilities of so serious a nature, pre- |
vailed, and Sir George White accepted the |
military risk of holding Dundee as the lesser \
of twoevils with the result we have seen, It |
is evident that political considerations have,
as in this instance, been bebind the whole
conduct of the campaign from the start, and
that most of the responsibility for the disasters
that have been the consequence should be
borne, not by the military leaders, but by the
men who urged them on to impracti-
cable enterprises against their better jude-
ment, whether they were Goverpment oMfcials
in South Africa or in the Government in Eng-
land. The reiterated statements of the apolo- |
wists of the British Government that the mill- |
tary leaders in South Africa had free hands have |
already been shown to be unfounded in the case |
of Sir Redvers Buller himself, for it is no-
torious that he abandoned bis original plan of |
campaign under the influence of Sir Alfred |
Milner; and Sir George White's
shows him to have been equally amenable to
the influence of the opinions of the Governor
of Natal, this last named being with the High
Commiasioner at Cape Town the instruments
of the Colonial! office in London.

Another thing borne out by the despatches is
the ineecuracy of the information about mat-
ters which it might be thought would have
been of common knowledge. Gen, Methuen,
for instance, states in his despatch on the
Modder River battle that all bis information
was to the effect that the Modder and Niet
rivers were fordable anywhere; information

despatch

which proved quite incorrect. In this we
have additional confirmation of what) has |
been so frequently stated, that) all the

British preparations were based on the as-
sumption that no fighting would take place
anywhere except on repnblican territory, and
information that might have been obtained
without diMeculty and Without exciting obser-
vation was not thought worth collecting. Such
neglect is inexcusable and, resulting as it has
in the sacrifice of so much life, may even be
called criminal. When the despatches come to
be read in the army in South Africa the effect
of them will hardly be to inspire confidence in
the authorities responsible for the inaugura-
tion and management of the campaign so far,

 
   

i

 

PATALITIES IN FACTORIES,

More Persons Killed and Injured Last Year
Than in the Spanish-American War,

Aupany, Feb, 4.—Commissioner John Mee
Mackin of the State Bureau of Labor Statistics,
in hisannual report to the Legislature com-
pares the number of deaths and injuries among
the million persons employed in the factories
and shops of this State to the number of killed
and wounded in the Spanish-Americen War,
He points out that 70 toilers met thetr death
through accidents last year and that of the in-
juries sustained by 40,000 workinen 6,000 of
these injuries entailed disablement fora period
in excess of three months. He contrasts this
record with the casualties of the recent war,
stating that only 280 were killed and 157%
wounded in battle. The Commissioner favors
the enactment of an emplovers’ liability law

Between DR&6 and TRY the number of em-
ployees in 8,000 establishments inereased
OOS21 In these esablishments the wages
during that period increased from S141, 184.845
in URG to SIU2IHO8de last rear The ony
branches of industry whieh do not exhibit: im-
proved conaitions in TSS. ns compared with
1No7.08 are the textile and building industries,
The deel ne in the textile. industry is confined
tothe woollen and cotton factories and does not
oceurin the manufacture of silk. hosiery and |
knit goods, or in uny of the other textiles. The
reported decline In the building industry |

}

 

 

   
 

zx

 

   

more apparent ‘han real, as it is simply the
reanit of abnormally large figures for 1s07-1s,
reported by a single establishment

Comparing Ise with Tsu, the industries
enjoying the largest growth are clothing, pub.
He utilities (i. @, was, @lectrie lighting and
street railways), jietals machinery, Ac, and
leather, all of Which exhibited a larger inereuse
than the general average,

During the first three morthsof ISO7 virtu-
ally one-fourth of ali members of labor untons
were unemployed, Thereatter a gradual im- |
provement setin, With the result that fewer |
members were reported idle each quarter than
in the corresponding quarter it the preceeding
year, until the jaat threo months in 1LS08 and
the first three dn IM), And it wes not until
the second and third quarters of TS ¢ that tho
number of the unemployed was reduced to
unything like normal proportions, In the
third quarter of INMI the proportion ofunionists
continuously employed was scarcely a tenth of
the proportion inthe first quarter of L807, and
was less than half the proportion in the third
quarter of IN,

 

 

STRIKES IN NEW VOLK STATI,

of the State Board
and Arbitration,

Report of Mediation

|
!
Aupany, Feb. 4.-The annual report of the
State Board of Mediation and Arbitration
shows that there were 455 strikes last year
compared with 271 the year before, Sixty per

cent. of the strikes were of short dus

The demands generally were for higher wages
and for shorter working hours, and were in the
main successful, the board stating that the

wages o! the present day are higher than they
have been in some tine past

Tho board says a stepinthe reht
would be the incorporation into the
State lawthe provision of the Ma
and Ohio Arbitration laws, which requires th
chief executive of towns and eities to promptly
furnish the board information of tt
rence of a strike or aloekout in his
Better atili would be @ law requiring on
ployer to promptly report to the t ard any
strike in his establishment, with the cause or
causes therefor; and the board js ofthe opinion

that ti the law could wo even f her, and re

tice to the boart

ovk out his employe

|

 

tir

   

 
  
 

 

one
ty

 

 

   

 

quire an employer fo give nh
of his intention to 4,
giving the reason for his intended action a
sufficient length of tin beore taxing the
action, and likewise compelling a upton or body
of workmen to notify the boart of thetr in-
tentiontostrike! eforeuetually COIN OD strike,
the number of labor disturbances would be re-
duced toa minimum
The question of the
unions bas been the oer
during the year, The ‘y of certain en
joyers it refusing to fr Kz OF dear with
abor unionsor representatives of labor tinjons
is not, in the opinion of the board, a wise one
So Jong as capital combines, whatever the
methods or motives may be, lavor must and
will combine, not only for itsown advancement,
but for its protection, The board says it is
gratifying to hote that there an increasing
tendeney on the part of the large employers of
labor to avail themselves of the opportunity of
easily dealing with their employees upou
questions involving their mutua’ interest, by
means of annual agreements with the general
officers ofthe unions. Anumber of the moat
important unions have entered into annual
agreements, under the terms of which the

recognition of labor
nhof many etrikes

  
 
 

  
  

chances of differences which would call! for
strike conditions are reduced to 4 minimum,

i
/
‘

ENTER CURTE ERED RARER EERE

| Tuat, the third contre of fertility.
| first established her supremacy in the central

} ern slopes of the Atlas Mountains,

 

FRANCE’S ADVANCE IN THE SAHARA,

a

Two events showing the important plans of
Frances in the Sahara oecurred tn November
and Docember of last year. The firat was the
completion tn November of the firat section of
the roilroad which {a ultimately to extend
across the desert to the Soudan and whose im-
mediate destination is the fertile group known
asthe Tuat oases, 700 miles south of Oran in
western Algerian, The second wae the oceupa-
tion by a French foree of the iinportant Arab
town of Insalab, 100 miles east of Tuat. There
are three large cenires of oases in this part of
the northorn Sahara south of west Algeria ani
France proposes to extend the Government of
Oran tothese fertile distrieta, Tho oases of
Gurara are the most northern of these groups:
about one hundred and fifty miles south of
them isthe Tidikelt group, of which Insalah ts

the chief town; a little farther to the west is
France has

| group and the next move will undoubtedly be

to oceuny Tua’, toward which the railroad ts
now extending

Theae oases are among the most fruitful re-
gions inthe Sahara, The geological formation
permits the accumulation under them of water

that has sunk into the ground from the south. |

The water |

sourees are tapped by wells and the vivifying

fiid is spread by irrigating channels over

|

|

'

|

|

hundreds of gardens and fields, There are

| some millions of date palms In these favored

areas, In the shade of their foliage the natives
cultivate wheat and barley. Various vege@tavies
flourish Inthe well-watered gardens, and the
orchards yield abundant erops of oranges and
pomegranates, The three regions are bellaved
to have about one hundred and fifty thousand
inhabitants, and Franee has now planted her
flag in the centre of the population,

The commercial development of these oases
will doubtleas be to the advantage of Algeria,
but the political value of their subordination
to the French régime will far outweigh all
business considerations, They have been tho
hotbed of conspiracy against France, It was
just alittle north of Insalah that the French
explorer, Palat, who had set outto cross the
desert to Timbuetoo, was murdered in 1888,
It wasat Insalah that the plot was hatehed' and
the party despatched to massacre the Flatters
expedition in 7881, one of the greatest trage-
dies in the history of African exploration, Not
olone have the Arab and Berber {inhabitants
been bitterly hostile tothe advance of France
toward the Sovdan but they have made it
possible for the Ahaggar Tuaregs, the most
formidable foes of the white race in the desert,
to keep up their effective opposition. The
present programme of France 18a very shrewd
move. Tt directiv involves striking the first
effective blow dealtto the Tuaregs by closing
against them their main souree of food supply.

The date is the largest aoe of all that
region, The Ahaggar Tuardgs in their eom-
paratively barren country cannot begin to raise
the quantities required to feed their popula.
tion, The larger partof their food is bought
in these three groups of oases, Thonaands of
Tuaregs spend a part of every year in the Sou-
dan, where thev collect skins and other pro-
duets, and in the autumn they take their eol-
lections to the oases to exchange for dates,
They carry home with them enormous quanti-
ties of the cheaper varieties, of which about
seventy are raised, These farmers of the oases
seldom leave their homes, but depend for their
commercial exchanges upon eameal caravans

| from Algeria and the Tuareg nomads of the

south. They are not always on the best of
terms with the Tuaregs, who are much dis-
posed to tyrannize over them, and of late yeara

apart of the sedentary population have been

|

|

|
much disaffected on account of the oppressive |
rulaof the wealthy Arabs who are the politteal
power among them, These facta may have had
their influence in wenkening the opposition to

the entrance of the French in December,

So the French are seizing the Tuareg sources
offood supply. As long as they might buy
dates at Insalah and the other towna, the
Tuaregs could defy all efforts to subject them
tothe rule of France, The poliey of attacking
these enemies by capturing their food re-
sources has been in favor for some time, and
the flrat effort to carry it out
brilliantly successful

Meanwhile the railroad is pushing south to-
ward Tuat, It starts from Ain Sefra, a
mountain town near the southeastern corner
of Algeria proper, Twenty years ago Ain
fefra was a very insignifieant place, but asthe
terminus ofthe railrcad from Oran it has be-
come the most important town in south Algeria,
Tho extension south has now been completed
about twenty-flve miles tothe Moghrar oasis,
on the edge of the desert, the
trating point for the caravans which
tribea of southern Oran send every year to
Tuat and the other groups of oases. The road
will now bho extended down the valley of tho
Wady Zusfana to
meeting point of
Algeria, Morocco
fs about one hundred and fifty miles
long and no important engineering dif-
flevities are presented, as the country {is flat
and only slightly sandy. The section from Igli
to Tuat, 280 miles Jong, will follow the valley
of the Wady Saura, The whole distance from
Gran on the Mediterranean to Tuat by rail
will be about seven hundred and elehty miles,
which is more than half the distanes to Tim-

has been

concenes

the

the oasis of
the trade
and Tuat.

Igli, the
routes from
This section

| huetoo by the ronte proposed between Tuat

and the large trading centre on the Niger.

Concerning Andrew Jackson,

To Tor Eprrorn or THe Sun—Sir: Your cor-
respondent, “American,” {8 too hasty in calling
down Congressman De Armond for styling
Andrew Jackson an Trish-American, Thetruth
i, Jackson gloried in his Irish ancestry.
me state asingle instance:

Jackson visited Boston in June, 1853, while
President of the United States, and stopped at
the Tremont House, On the 22d of that month
the Charitable Irish Society of Boston (founded
1737) visited him in @ body and presented an
address of welcome. In replying, President
Jacksen said

“Tfeel much gratified, sir, at this testimony
of respect shown me by the Charitable Irish
Sovlety of this city. It is with grent pleasure
that I see so many of the countrymen of my
father assembled on this occasion, IT have ale
ways been proud of my ancestry and of being
deseonded from that noble race, and rejoice
that Lam so nearly allied toacountry which
has so mueh to revommend it to the good
wishes of the world, Would to God, sir, that
Irishmen on the other side of the waterenjoyod
the comforts, happiness, and
liberty that we enjoy here!”

Then taking President Bovd of the society
by the hand, Jackson continued: “lam some.
what tatigued,sir, as you may notice: but I |

|

Let

 

nHtentment

 

cannot al
bonds with you
the wholes
ew cireums
heart-felt satis
remember it with pleasure,
sir, and all yours
und happiness’
The atove ean be
records of the #
Irish in Boater
papers of the period
. Thomas HamMinton Mennay
Woossock&t, ib, Feb. 2 Tunnay,

ow you to part with me until T shate

which T do for vourself and |
ety, Lassure you, sir, there .
esthat have
rection than

 
   
 

siven me
this visit. J

and]

hior
shail
hore you,
ociety will long enjoy health
found in the published
ietv. in Cullen's “Story of the
p41, and in Boston news.

  

and having been repeated om each of the se

diys of the great convocation, the Parltament of
Religions was closed woth dt by Rabbi Hirsen. Thue
t became a deliberate espreaston of the world’s re-
ligions unity, .

Is Australia the Hottest Place?
From the Medical Record
Almost every Winter We have reports Of excessive
heat in Aurtralia and this year is no exception, It is
stated that on New Year's Day in Melbourne the

thermometer dndicated 114° F, du the ah
o'clock im the afternoon, e shado at &

The Lord's Prayer the Universal Prayer.
From the Onen Cour

One of the most marvell ns achievements of the y
Parliament of Keligions at the Chicago World’* Pair
Was the readiness with which ali the religions of the
world united in th evont recital of the Lord's
Prayer, liappily designated by President Bonnes as
“The Universal Prayer.’ When at the pening of
the Parliament Cardinal Gat need it, the vast
widen f a! tfourthousand people jotmed init

 
 

 

 

Attorney-General Davies's Report — Supt,
MeCullagh’s Work.

Anany, Tob, 4, -Attorney-General Davies
in his annual report to the Legislature re.
views the work of his department in assisting
Supt, John MeCullawh of the Metropolitan
Hections district in prosecuting Violators of
the primary and election laws in New York
elty last fall. Tothe Special Grand Jury 21L
cases wore presented, in 103 of which indfet-
hients were There were 31 indict-
ments moved for trial and ineluding the
Pleas of guilty there were ‘4 convietions,
Subpoenas for SU persons to appear before
the Spootal Grand Jury were issued, Every
Prison cose was disnosed of. There remains
still to be disposed of the indietments found
for primary election violations, one indictment
for filewal registration where atrial waa had
resulting in a disagreement —the jury standing
ten tfotwo for eonvietlon=and # number of ine
(etments for legal voting and ileal regias
tration from Bellevue Hosoital and from munte
elpal lodging houses in New York eits

“Tha question involvedin these latter eases,”
says the Attorneyelienera’, “is important and
farereachiogg and Cepends upon the judicial
interpretation of a provision of the Constitue
tion which provides that no person shall lose
or gain a residence while kept atan ii stitution
supported whollyorin parcat publle oxpense
Th cases of egal registeation and illegal yote
ing from munielpal lodging houses aconviction
was had on each instance and sentence ime
posed and for the purpose of tinal disposition 4
Soy Was granted by the presiding Justice and
the prisoners discharged upon their own re-
cognizance pen ting an appeal The conten.
tlon is made by this department in these
matters that registration and voting by an
Inmate of a municipal lodging house is Hegals
and if such contention is sustained by the
courts, then atthe next election this practice,
which bas been systemationtly followed tn the
county of New York fora numberof years will
be broken i”

The Attorney-General suggest that legislas
tive acts be made to take ‘toon Sept. 1 of
each year, except such as by their nature must
be made operative at once Phe large num
ber of statutes enaeted yearly.’ he saya,
“makes italmost impossible forthe publie to
keep abreast of new legislation by reading the
fiets as published, antas the session laws can.
not be issued until after the Leuistarure ade
yourns, many officiala and private citizens re.
main ignorant of laws which vitally atveot
them and innocently commit errots which ure
diMeuit and vexatious to correct,

Yhe Attorney-General says that the litliea.
tion last vear in which tho State was intere
ested ae greaterthan in any previous year

dae

IN

found

  

 

 

   

ROOSEVELT’S BOYS

TRAINING,

 

They Are Keeping Up With the Governor
in Learning the Manly Art,

ALBANY, Feb. 4.—-Gov. Roosevelt's two boys
are wonders inthe eyes oftheir associates at
the Albany Aeademy. They are chips of the
old block, and their boxing instructor says
they donot knowtho meaning ofthe word
fear. They would just as willingly flehta
bov twice their ¢ize as one their own size,
“Why,” said the instructor, “sometimes the
kids have an idea they can lick me, and ifthey
keep on like they are now, well, there istroubla
ahead forany one who is looking for it with
them.”

The Governor's reeent experiences with a
professional boxer and wrestler are famile
jar to the public, and it was so interesting @
facttolearn that the Chief Executive of the
Impire State was exercising in this manner

| that the people completely overlooked the boys,

But the boys were right init allthe time, and
Prof. Dwyer put on the “padded fives” with
them every time he called on their sire fora
little rough work, After the professor went
away the boys were without an instructor in
the manly art of self-defence, and they pined
tor some one who could teach them, The Gove
ernor is anxious to have the boys learn to box,
for he believes in it asa beneficial and health
ful sport and pastime, which, if properly used,
will produce good physical results. But Gov.
Roosevelt also knows that, unless properly
taken, the exercise is liable to prove other
than good, and therefore he wished a compe.
tent Successor to Dweer, Several local boxers
were tried us instructor and trainer, but they
aid not tiilthe bill, and now the Governor has
a young man, considered to be one of the hess
athletes in Albany, who is doing very well with
the boys

A room on the secon] floor of the Executive
Mansion has been set aside tor their use. The
room ja stripped of all furnitare and carpet,
wrestling mat being on the floor, on which the
Governor does his work in private with his ine
structor, In the centre of the ring isa punches
ing bag. The boys receive instructions three
times aweek, They are stripped of. all cloth-
ing and attired in only bathing trunks. Oneis
taken ata time and he jis instructed In the
various attitudes to be assumed. The boxer
sometimes standson the defensive and tells
the boys how they must lead, the feints,
crosses, drives and the advantages of quiek-
ness of the feet andeye in being able to take
advantage of an opening. This is all rigbt, but
the teacher says he tinds it hard work to make
the boys assume the defensive and resort to
tactics of getting out of the way of the leads or
attempts to bring them in.

“Why, they want to do the leading them-
selves all the time,” he said, “andif I make @
drive for them, they won't get out ot the way,
but come right in and go after me, They ara
doing wondertully well for boys and IT tell you
they would make many fellows older than they
are look sick in a bout where science comes
in

The boys have to pench the bag just 60 long
every day the teacher is present. After tha
exercise fs over a bath is given them and they
are then put on the long table which is in the
reom and a good rubbing, such as all athletes
receive after they have finished thetr work, is
given them.

The Governor is doing well in the art of
wrestling and his trainer finds that he has a
hard proposition on hand, Willfam Carlin, ona
of the best-known athletes of this citv and at
one time @ famous oarsman, has the Governor
in charge, The Governor likes the cateh-as-
catch-can game, anidis as quick as a flash in
wetting his holds, Heastillelingsto the favor.
ite Western style of wrestling ~cross buttocks

and itisa hold that he uses most dexter-
ously.

 

PATUWAYS TO FAM,

A Comparison Between the Distinguished
English Careers in 1865 and 189),
From th Democrat

An articlo has just appeared in a Londoa
magazinein which an interesting comparison
is made of the avenucs through which fame is
reached at the present day and a generation
ago, by the ald of two publications, Galton's
“Hereditary Genius,” given to the publie in
1865, and the well-known English publication,
“Who's Who,” for P84) Der, Galton in his abla
treatise mentioned the names of Fnglishmenin
all professions and lines of business who had
attained distinction of whatsoever sort at the
date of his writing. “Who's Who” {nthe sama
way presents a list, necording to professions
and tines of business, of Englishmen who, in
1s, iad gained a title to fame,

The f wing tabular statement shows the
number, per million of the population, of her

Majesty seubjeets who had earned some sort of
areputition at the two dates tn question, Isis

New Orleans Time

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

 

sisi
18 189) i, 180

Actora 1 we
A lhirists " Oo
\atianarte 4 0
Arvhitects ' ‘ 23
Avtits Hn 2
Athletes 0 ' 2)
Anithors ble 20 ie
Col Legian s ‘ x %
‘ 12 44 o
c tra v ‘ BL
by ‘ antl

Conacilar Se 0 2 a
Thivin Iu it 2
Bolu attonal 0 ! 4 0 5
Muah: e¢ Vs 10) Boveroigne 21 a?
rny i " Bitesmen 12h 7
‘ wt Titular 0 16
ay 44 ra ‘Traveller

Mi shoo . : .
Oneoftthe interesting things in the table, it
Will be noticed. is the extraordinary re tas
in the nuoiber futhors’ « ,
the number of “‘staresmer f

the years Peo and ‘ ‘ compare

falling off is remarkable: ane, if :
of ertietam of “Who's Who" bet ;

kind than that of Dr, Galton, we are eontror
with the peculiar tact that, though the nun

of authors and of statesio has giertis
creased during the last ge ion, | ‘

 

of them have obtained any sort of disti
There are other classes in whieh th
tendency ia shown, though to a less ext
Butoon the other hand, in ISM) fare cat ’
many Britishers through ay
scarcely Tecownizead a generation
ISe5, for evamipl * ote, RO ent 1
lator, nor country wer ;
agent, nor educationist, 1
Tractor, nor ratiroader, nor person
paren following a political eareor, t
wearing atitqe, had attained saf nt
hepnce to entitle him to have bia nar
among the distinguished men of the vact
Whereas in IM) these avenues to fur
almost all well filed. Twelve met )
commercial life were in the ranks of ¢ lise
tinguished in PMS in Lie ty ae vue °
tiosmuished were engaged in commerce thes@
were only forty-four lawyera of promin vce ba
iio there were sevonty-oow

nNOe Wh

 

      

  

 

y
'