rif
|

{
i
|
|

 

=

Y iti

  

   

Sun.

 

 

ue

“TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1900.

 

 

 

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, pet Month.

DAILY, per Year
SUNDAY, per Year ATT
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month
Postage to foreiga countries added.
THE SUN, New York Cliy

 

 

Panis—Klosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Klosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

If our friends who faror us with manuscripts for
pudlication wish to hare rejected articles returned, they
must in all cages send stamps for that purpose.

 

A Pertinent Question on Trusts.

4 well-known leader among the New
York coat tailors, MaYER SHOENFELT,
sends the subjoined communication:

‘To THE EvITOR OF THE SUN~Sir Having
been connectea with labor organizations in the elotr
ing trade for twelve years and being thoroughiy
familiar with its conditions from every standpoint,
1 would kindly aak you to give space to the following
questions, which I presume will prove of interest

“ If the Pemocratio party's argument that trusw
ate detrimental to wage carnera an. their existence
tends to decrease wages is true, how does it come that
in the manufacture of clothing, one of the leading
industries representing an annual output of over
$300,000,000, the condition of the workingmen in the
sald trade, which has no trust, ls undisputediy worse
than in most of the industries, which are solely con

trolled by trusta?

' Furthermore, would the existence of the notorious
eweating system and tenement hose work be a pos
sibility, were there a better contro! of the trade”

MAY} SHORNFELT

New YORK, Oct. 19."

A look at the great trust industries prac-
tieally answers Mr SHoenre.tT. There is not
one of them in which there are not more
men working, and working for higher
wages and at steadier jobs, than was the
ease before that special industry had been
organized on its present basis of con-
centrated capital

While Bryanism, evidently, can be of no
help to the tailors, {t is a positive danger
to American workmen in general. Bryan's
purpose to destroy trusta means to de-
stroy, or at least, to paralyze, for
a time that no one can compute, “every
important industry tn the land "-—the Hon.
JoHN B. STANCHFIELD'S

 

military organization for service beyond

| the sea, all is iacking. The Intelligence

description of !

the businesses which are to-day in the!

trust form. Once give Bryanism the op-
portunity to apply its ideas to the country's
industries and the tailors would soon
be, by comparison, plutocrats envied by
as many thousand laboring men of other
trades as there are individual tailors.

When Mr. Brran commends this destruc-
tive policy to the workingmen we do not
accuse him of deliberate hostility to them;
he simply knows absolutely nothing about
business.

 

German Politics and China.

Germany's loyalty to ita War Lord and
his aggressive foreign policy has been put
to a hard test by the outcome of affairs in
China
hegemony of Europe by the von Walder-
eee appointment has come to naught
through the rapid course of events, while,
instead of directing the course of diplomacy,
it was only by a sudden turn-about at the
last moment that Germany put herself ina
position to follow in the wake of the United
States and the other nations concerned
in the settlement of the disturbances. As
a consequence trouble is brewing and a
stormy time is expected when the Reich-
stag meets in November.

Instead of cheering for “ Deutschland

voran” the Germans, it seems, are count- |

ing uneasily the cost of the expedition to
China. The uneasiness is not diminished

The attempt to seize the military |

| the growing irritation at

by the discovery that among the European ,

Powers represented at Pekin none was
found to back the Kaiser's ambitions or
his desire for vengeance

According to

the Berlin correspondent of the London |

Times the German Empire has seldom
passed through “a period of greater na-
tional discouragement and anxiety,” and
severe criticism of the Government's policy
{s heard not only from ita opponents but
even from those who have been its sup-
porters through thick and thin. To the
taxpayer, of course, the Chinese com-
plication means an increase of taxes, and
his feelings are expreased in a general
decline of securities in the stock market
For the political parties, particularly those
which support the Government, it means
readjustments and unwilling conceasions,

Department is the most wretched imagi-
nable.” Even if the whole Centre stands
by the Kaiser's venture, the meeting of
the Reichstag will be stormy.

There is littie likelihood, however, that
the delightful dream of Germany's down-
fall will come true that is inspired in the
London Spectator by the article in the
Times. “the German Empire is a very
recent institution,” the Spectator remem-
bers, “which waa cemented in war by
preasure from without rather than
cohesive forces from within. It must not
be forgotten that it contains States added
solely by right of conquest,” and it medi-
tates on England's experience with Scotiand
and Ireland. The military outiook in China
for Germany is gloomy. “ Our own recent
experience makes it quite conceivable
that some disaster or ‘entanglement’
may arise in the course of the campaign
to which the Kaiser has so rashiy com-

mitted his lieutenant,” and then “ wild
excitement" might be direeted against
the originator of the expedition. A finan-

cial cataclysm is at hand

‘iaciter than all are the signs, too numerous to
detail, that Germany ts very possibly on the verge of
4& great (ndustrial and commercial crisis, The fabric
of Prussiao society Is unstadla.as an inverted pyr
ainid the workman Is discontath
classes have plunged into speculation, the upper
aiasses have the monopoly of the bureaucracy andthe
army. The Kaleer has tried to force the pace In all
departments of the nation’s life, and his people have
Teadily seoonded him. In the attempt to capture the
markets of the world, Germany has sold her goods
under oost price until her capital has run dangerously
low. Her commerce has in consequence had to sup-
Dort itself largely by means of the great fAnancial

 

by |

ed, the commerctal |

houses. Itis a‘ kept’ commerce, and the financiers,
who are naturally timid, will call in their capital |
on the first clear signs ofa‘ slump.” -

If things go badly, the Kaiser must be
the first to lose power and influence, What
is worse, if he shouid be obliged to attend
to domeatio troubies, England cannot look
for ald from Germany in international
politics, for “it has been said, and with
some truth, that the Emperor is the only
German who does not hate England.”

The Spectator admita that it does not
expect (iermany to break up at once,
but “the signs of warning and danger ”
it sees are hardly such as to make England
less hated in Germany, if she is really hated
there. Neither is the British comment
of the Timea ilkely to he relished

* The truth ts that the present condition of Germany,
the combination of inordinate ambitions with inad

| mining the wise and successful

 

THE

Whig Convention that nominated Zachary
Taytor, down to his retirement in 1898
from President McKINLEey's Cabinet, was
just half a century, During this long
period of activity he maintained his position
at the forefront of national affairs, accumu~
lated a considerable private fortune, Man-
aged to secure for himself and the members
of his numerous family a liberal share of the
desirable public things in reach, and fairly
earned the gratitude of the nation for cer-
tain services of great value, The succes
sive steps of his distinguished career are
exhibited in this little table, which will
serve a8 a memorandum:
First elected to Congress (the Thirty-fourth),...1854
Chairman of Ways and Means, and leader of the
House . 1809

United States Senator... .....45. 1861
Chairman of Senate Committee on Finance 1887

Secretary of the Treasury. . , ATT
Avowed candidate for Preatdential nomination. 1560
Senator of the United States again 1SAL
Again a Presidential candidate. ......++++ 1884
President of the Senate 1865
Chalrman, of the Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations ‘ cence 1887
Again a Presidential candidate... .....+6+ 1688
Secretary of State ‘ 1807
Mr. SHERMAN’S reputation Will rest

principally upon his important part in
shaping the financial policy of the Govern-
ment during and after the civil war. He
succeeded SALMON P. CHase in the Senate,
and in that body he labored earnestly and
constantly for years, in cooperation with
the Administration, to provide the means
for carrying on the war and to maintain
the nation’s credit through that momen-
tous emergency and its sequels. First, as
Mr. FRS8ENDEN'S colleague on the Com.
mittee on Finance, and afterward as the
Chairman of the committee, and in the
debates on the floor of the Senate, his efforts
and his advice were potent factors in deter
policy of

 

|

finance, which was hardly leas important |

than the Government's military

themselves in the
to preserve the Union
and sound in treasury
It was Mr. SHerman’s fortune both to
report and manage, as Senator in 1874,
the bill providing for the resumption of
specie paym ents on Jan

a part
operations
cainpaign
in territory

great | own
IMt\Ce | co that hateful as a Republican ballot is

 

Jonzs and the rest of the Bryanite bands
enash their teeth, own patents Indeed,
patents and copyrights will have to go to
the wall, we suppose, if Mr. BRYAN is elected
President and carries out his promise that
“there will not be a private monopoly in
existence a year after I am elected.”

The trouble with Jones is that he doesn't
know what he is talking about when he
talks about Trusts. Those demons of the
Democratic imagination are simply big
corporations. Many of them are not pro-
tected by the Government as JONES's8 cor-
poration is, but all of them that are suc-
cessful have some special skill or knowl-
edge or method or economy of production
or distribution that enables them to do
business at an advantage. They are
“reaching out” for more business just as
JONRS'® corporation or any other corpora-
tion or partnership or business man reaches
out. Every one of them is just as much
of a Trust as Jones's corporation is; and
no one of them is more of a Trust than
JONES'S corporation is, JONES pats his
‘lrust on the back and swears that {t is a
levitimate business, When he sees anybody
else's Trust, he has the blind staggers.

A Trust is a corporation in which Bryan-
ites hold no stock. A Jegitimate business
{s a corporation in which Democrats do
hold stock,

 

 

How to Vote for ‘‘ Freedom."’

The sentiment “We want to be free,”
blazoned on so many Bryan banners, has
a real meaning for Democrats of the old
principles, notwithstanding it is nonsense
as @ part of the anti-imperialist platform.

All Democrats who have not turned
Populist or worse are at present suffering
in political slavery of the most galling
kind, They are compelled to support
the party which they have been accustomed
to regard as the very opposite of their own
convictions. Bryanism has made their
party, the Democracy, intolerable,

| they have no choice but to vote it.

1, 1874, and, when |

| that date arrived, as Secretary of the Treas- |
ury, to resume specie payments under the |

equate means the prevalence of intense social dis. |

satisfaction, and the confilct of classes and intereste
which have yet to be decided, are scarcely realized
abroad. People stiil believe in the invincibility of
Prussian energy and organization, and are unable
to distinguish between the violent language tn whieh
German foreign policy {9 now often enunciated and the
methoda by which Prince BISMARCK, {n @ carefully
circumscribed field of German activity and Interests
was often able to achieve triumphs of diplomars

Both journais look on the placing of the
German loan in the United States as a
“humiliation” and both look on the coming
struggle between the agricultural and in-
dustrial classes as a calamity threatening
Germany aione, and not thought of in

England. Their utterances are of interest
as showing the tone taken by extreme
Conservative journals toward the one

Power that might be a useful ally to Eng-
land in case of European complications

Fortunately Lord SaLisuury is a atates-
man, He has not allowed himself to be
moved by the angry demands of the Timea
and ita Pekin correspondenta for violent
measures in China, nor has he permitted
Germany's com-
mercial competition to stand in the way
of England's true interests
Emperor on his part has recovered quickly
from his Atula fever and the agreement of
the two countries to act together in the
Chinese entanglement puts an end for a
time to the greatest threat of disturbance
among the Powers. By
policy of the “ open door,” it
served, the new allies in substance must
approach the position taken by the United
States from the start, and acquiesced in
already by every other interested nation
save themselves.

The Kaiser in apite of his eccentricities ts
a young man of great force. Ifhehasa fac-
ulty for getting into messes, he has also a
power for getting out of them in uncon-
ventional ways. The China business may
bring about a domestic row which Kaiser
and Reichstag will settle among themselves
Shouid it end itn limiting somewhat the
arbitrary acts of the Kaiser, it may beno
misfortune for Germany or even for Kaiser
WILHELM II

will be ob-

 

| John Sherman and His Half Century

for even if the War Lord alone may declare |

war, it is the Reichstag that must vote
supplies.

Emperor WIn.iaMm, it will he remem-
bered, found {t difficult last spring to carry
through the vote for the increase of the
navy. It was only by appeals to patriot-
{am and by pictures of the dangers to which
the Fatherland would be exposed that by

, Was

the vote of the Centre party a grant was |

passed for part of the naval programme.
The portion sacrificed in the compromise
that became necessary was the sum re-
quired for the construction of crutsers,
the Reichstag explicitly declaring its readi-
ness to provide for the national defence
and {ts unwillingness to pursue the policy
of “world conquest." In the debates
the need of the cruisers for the success of
the Kiao Chou venture was fully discussed,
and that part of the measure was voted
down deliberately. The Kaiser shouid
have no illusions as to the opinion of the
Government majority in the Reichstag
about his “ Welt-politik.’

The Social-democrats, a very strong
minority in the Reichstag, with more than
two million voters behind therm, as the
party of opposition, will surely attack the
conduct of the Chinese expedition, just
as they voted against the increase of the
navy the death of LiesKnecut
{tis said that they are drawing closer to

Since

what is left of the Liberal party, whiet
would make them still stronger in the
Reichstag The Agrarians to whose
demands the Government has ever been

ready to yield, have their own axe to grind
the imposition, namely, of high duties on
grain. They fear that the Government
may find it inexpedient or impossible to
carry out their plan on account of the per-
plexities arising from the war expenditure,
and in consequence they are as
as the Socialists in their attacks
Chinese policy Constitutionalists
that the Kaiser should have
the Reichstag before taking action
aggressive Germans the
feel sore over the Kaiser's flzzie and erity
cise the very foundations of the Prussian
“The stormy billows of the’ Weit-

Violent
the
hold
called together
Ihe
other hand

on

on

power

poltik’ have overtaken us entirely un-
prepared,” says the Berliner Neueste Nach-
“A fleet, cables, coaling stations,

/
'

richten.

of Public

A man who knew JOHN SHERMAN long
and well once said of him: “ Surmman
sometimes smiles, but he was never heard
to give a hearty laugh.” The observation
not trivial. Throughout a
almost unexampled in American politics
for the continuity of service and the im-
portance of the posts attained both by
election and by appointment, Mr. SneEnr-
MAN made his way and held his own with-
out the aid of many of the persona! qual-
{ties which oontribute to personal ad-
vancement. There was little in his char-
acter that appealed to the imagination.
His name never fired the enthusiasm of
voters, At no time did he ever possess
anardent and devoted persona! following
While we may not say that his veins were
filled with ieewater, he is not likely to be
classed by any eulogist with those Ameri
ean statesmen whose blood was so red and
whose sympathies were so strong and
human that, like Clay and BLaINr, they
stand forth, though dead, from the pages
of history as distinet, vital individuals

This deficiency in Mr. SHERMAN’s equip-
ment for public life was congenital, and no
fault of his own
sessed abilities which Went far to make up
for the physical and moral
attractiveness. At the period of his great
eat intellectual efficiency, that is to say,
the vears of the civil war and of recon
struction and those immediately sueceed
ing, there was perhaps no better example
in Congress of the type of statesmanship
opposite tothat to which CLay and Barney
To industry in matters of
remarkable as that manifested
later by Mr DinGLry, the Ohioan added
a much broader comprehension of the
relations of things,/and a moderation of
view and a cautious diligence in pursuing
conclusions which made him seem, in the
estimation of many people, the very em

Life.

career

In compensation he px

absence of

belonged an

detail as

 

hodiment of common sense in polities
Beyond this, his perception of personal
opportunity Was always keen, while his

adroitness in shaping his course to favor
ing wind or tide was such that only at a

law, with the notes of the Government
practically at par with gold. These main
facta will stand always on the record to
his honor; and, historically, they will not
be dimmed much by the recollection of
previous or subsequent aberrations on his

part from sound financia! doctrine, or of |

wabblings and inconsistencies suggested
by supposed political exigencies and ex-

| plained by the weaknesses of conviction

The German |

accepting the |

|

distance of time did the real flexibility of |

conviction that marked his whole political
career become generally apparent
From JOHN SHERMAN’S first appearance

to which we have already referred

Mr. SHERMAN’S later years were in some
degree embittered by the sense of personal
grievance Thrice was
the National Convention of the Republican

his name before

party, and twice his interests, as he un-
doubtedly believed, were betraved at the
eritical moment by those intrusted with
them. The nomination which he strongly

coveted in 1880 he saw go to the Chairman
of the Ohio delegation pledged to his sup-
port The incident of 1884, when BLaIne
Was nominated, contributed further to his
accumulating disappointment. In 1888,
when Gen. HARRISON Was nominated and
elected, JOHN SHERMAN’S vote in the con-
vention reached 249. We shal! not discuss
here the circumstances which barred Mr.
SHERMAN from the office which had been
for years the goal of his political ambition,
except that upon one occasion the Hon.
WitutaM McKINLEY added to his own
distinction as the resolute politician who
would not permit himself to be used to his
friend JOHN SHERMAN'S humiliation; but
it is proper to express the belief that at
least twice the Presidency would have been
Within SHERMAN'S grasp had he been a
leader fitted by nature to inspire enthusiasm
and to command more than a formal and
perfunctory support

The last events of JoHN SHERMAN'S
public fe, his appointment by Mr McKiy-
LEY as Secretary of State, his incapacity
through age and faculties to meet
the trernendous responsibilities of the post
in a year of war with a foreign power, his
inereasing petulance of mind and queru-
lousnesa of utterance, and particularly
his carping detraction of the President
who had treated him with the utmost con-
sideration, form a pathetic chapter upon
which nobody will care to dwell

failing

 

David and Absalom.

The Hon. Davin Bennetr HILL, the
retired Democratic statesman, made a
speech in Cincinnati Saturday night. When

Mr. Hii is at a safe distance from New
York, he is inclined to forget the judicious
discipline to which Mr. Croxer has sub-
him. His Cincinnati speech was
one long ejaculation against imperialism,
Mr. Hitt, who looks older than he talks,
said that “ the real purpose of the Republi-
cana is to change the form of this Govern-
ment.” He made many other remarks
as surprisingly sage, but he had not one
poor word to throw at the Trusts. Apsa-
LOM was there, Waiting fora chance to weep
over his wrongs, but the orator yowled
against the Empire and left the man-eating

monopolies unrebuked and ABSALOM un-
consoled
Was this neglect unintentional or did

it spring from eulkiness against Mr.
Croker? Here are the Trusts thrusting
three darts through the heart of ABSALOM,
yet Davip never bothers his head as to
whether young man ABSALOM is safe or not,

Jones’s Trust.

The Hon. Jim Jones of Arkansas and
the Round Bale Cotton Trust is stirred
to his depths by the assertion that he is a
member of a Trust. lie admits that he is

connected with" the American Cotton
Company, but avers that it “1s no more
a Trust than any commercial house, any
stock farm, any cotton plantation, any other
industrial enterprise in the United States.”
To be sure, the company has a monopoly
under a patent right, and

seeks to extend its business;” but, bless
you, it's lrust jecause the Demo-
crais oppose ‘Trusts and monopolies is no
reason why Democrats should not engage
in legitimate business.”

That is, Trusts and monopolies in which
are interested are legitimate

Democrats
business

It is wind wasted for Mr. Jones to defend
the American Cotton Company as a legiti-
mate business and assail other monopolies
That company
is a genuine monopoly. It makes ali the
round cotton bales that are made. That
{t operates under a patent makes no dif-
ference. The fact, and not the origin,
of the monopoly is to be looked at. Plenty

as illegitimate business

in politics, in 1848, as a delegate to the | of other great concerns against which

)
{

f

The day of deliverance for such partisans
will be when there comes a Democratic
regeneration Their freedom lies
Repiiblican triumph of such dimensions
that Bryanism will be crushed. Orush
it then!

There will always be a desire to have the
races for the America’s Cup satled at Newport,
but the reason urged, namely, that there will
be fewer boats following the competing yachts,
sould always be sufficient to defeat itaelf, be-
cause it means that there will be fewer people
to see the sport. The more epectitors the
better. It will be better to e:dure the discom-
fortaof the Sandy Hook course for the sake of
the e@normous public interest that can be grati-
fied there; and as for keeping the course clear,
that was done in the Shamrock year beyond the
power of any yachtsman to critiolse.

To-day Col Brrawn Is in Washington, a city
managed by despotiem and governed without
its consent He slould make the Washing-
tonians weep by telling them of their wronas
They can't vote for him, and so they must give
up all hope of remaining a free peopul

In nearly all the downtown districts of New
York, notably on the densely populated East
Side, this year's registry shows a falling off, the
political aspect of which has been referred to
One Tammany leader, asked tor an explanation
of this almost uniform decrease, declared that
within afew years ‘‘there will be no one living
below Fourteenth astreet."’

The figure. of the recent.census enumeration
made in June show an increasein every section
of town. The Board of Health figures show a
general, though not uniform, increase of the
city population everywhere. The Building
Department reports show that while the num-
ber of new store, office and warehouse build-
ings {s larger in the lower portion of town
than the umber of new dwellings, and
larger proportionately than further uptown;
the construction of tenements in place of
small houses continues actively downtown,
and was rot Interrupted unti! the enhanced
prices for bul ding materials !ed to a temporary
aiatement. There are more houses used as
domiciles in New York below Fourteenth street
than there were four years ago. There are

| more inhabitants and naturally. therefore, the

|

“of course it |

secks a market for its products and steadily | statement ts erroneous and not founded upon facts

number of registered citizens should be larger.
It certainly «ould be a curfous condition if the
population of any portion of this el:y should
be dimini hing while the number of houses in-
creases and the averagenumber of residents
{n each house is increased

Therets, however, an explanation of the seem-
{ng contradiction. The foreign immigration to
New York, chiefly from Russia, Italy, Hungary,
Syriaard Greece, {s {nto the lower downtown
and East Side wards of New York. The condi-
tions of the newcomers on arrival do not per-
mit them to pay for accommodations turther
uptown. As their materia! conditions improve
they move uptown, and it thus happens that
there is anowa larger nuinber of allens {in the
thickly populated downtown wards, where the
population as increased and is increasing. It
wil be many years before “there will be no one
living below Fourteenth street '' in New York.

According to the Kansas City Times the
Hon AnrceK Dockery, Democratic candidate
for Governor of Missouri, “!n his daily life,
in the ‘habit of his soul,’ expands toward men
as warmly as he expands for them” So
ALECK |s an expansionist after all.

I bave no doubt of the election of Mr. BRYAN.
—The How. JAMES K. JONES.

Of co urse you haven't. You badn't in 1896
After the election, you will say that your man
has been beaten by corruption, fraud, Intimida-
tion and millions or billions of Trust money. An
amiable old chap, but a little monotonous

A Card From the Jewellers,

To Tnr EpiroR OF TH SUN—Sir: In the
statementof Mr. Gustave Fox of Cinctnnatl, In a de
spatch to THE SUN from Cincinnat!l to-day as to the
reasons for his petition in bankruptcy, he makes as-
sertions the dissemination of which is calculated to
injure the |nterests of the diamond merchants of this
country, and consequently of the Jewelry industry as
a whole, and we think that the policy of Tae Sun is
so broad and iiberal that afew facts upon tne
diamond industry will be acceptable

First, we would like to say that Mr. Fox, tn relation
to Ue jewelry industry, can bardly be called a compe
tent authority om the conditions of the diamond in-
dustry, for he ts notan Importer nor extensive dealer
in diamonds and his credit standing in the trade has
not been high, inasmuch 4s he falled when in business
by himself in 1884, and as Gustave Fox &°Co. he
failed againin 1406, So the presentis his third fatiure.

It is, of course, In thenature of things that a man as
signs for his lack of business success causes other
than his own shortcomings. In this instance itis ev!
dent that he blames the conditioa of the diamond
market for his present embarrassment. Hts whole

In refiitation of his statement that diamond dealers
have denayed purebastng new stock, {t may be sald
that never before inthe history of the Jewelry trade
have somany iyers for diamond houses visited the
Furopean market as this year, and they bave bought
Hberally. even atthe high prices prevailing. It can
be positively @ serted that no Ormsin this country
have cornered (he supply, a8 he seems to aver If he

 

 

refers tothe London ayndicstewh» control the dis
trinution of the entire putputefthe African mines
his stetement is correct This syndicate have
; absolute control of the prices of diamonds and
are entirely unaffected in their arrangements by
outside = Influences. no tmporter in America or

| Interest

elsewhere having any influence upon them This
syndleate purchase the output upon yearly contract
and place the prices as they deem politte in their own
sod from these polees they do not swerve un
der any sort of outside pressure he whole trend of
Mr los's statement is that the diamond importers
are making enorm us profits This ts not true, and
we @-sur ou thatupon your own Itnvestigation
you would find the contrary to be the case

W hope, fm Justice to the interests of the large in
dustry concerned -not only the diamond importers
themselves. but tne entire Jewelry trade. whose Inter
eats are entwined with those of the Importers—that
you will find room for this statement of facts.

THE JEWELERS’ CIRCULAR WEEKLY.
New YORK, Oot 18.

 

|

|
|

in a |

SSSR
a

 

RT eines

SUN, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.

SPIRIT OF THE CAMPAIGN,

The Plagae of Populism.

To Tar Eptron ov Ine SuN—Sir: In the
Present politica: contest the plain horse sense of
common-sense people should doeminnte, Self-
pre-ervation {« nature's firstiaw and any man
Who subverts his own self-interest to mere par-
tizanshtp isa fool. ‘The plague of grasshoppe’s
oime cut of the West; the plague of potato
bugs came tous from out of the West, and now
the infliction of the wild ideas of Populism has
come to us from out of the West seeking to
subvert the self-interest and welfare of seventy-
five millions of people to gratify the towering
ambition of a self-seeking adventurer and

demagogue, whois anything and everything to
Al! Classes in the endeavor to get votes to elect
himaeif

He proposes to abolish tariff duties in whole
orin part, andin thelr place to raise revenue to
pay the expeoses of Goy ronment by a direct
tax onthe peonle, We have only to recall ow
Prosperous the country was when Pre ident
Herrison relinquished the helm to Mr. Cleve-
land The latter's second term increased the na-
tional debt some $200,000,000 and brought along
Widespread depression and thee tab istiment o
soup kitchens in the Jaw: cies to feed the
hungry unemploy.d Evervbod > wae disgusted
with the change from Harrison prosperity to
the gloom and despondency under Cleveland
A repstition of the saine conditions may be ex-
pected if by any chance Bryan is elected and
iis ideas putin practice

But our friends, the enemy, ring the changes
on the ‘Trusts ' Demoerats, Republicins,
Populists and all are inthe trusts upto their
necks, A trust is eimpiva combination of capl-
tal. A poor fellow has not enouch cash to &o
into business. Three or four poor fellows oom-
bine their copital, start business, enlarge it,
emnlo: ing more an more help as they grow
and put more and more money in circulation,
It is Ko with savings banks, factories, railroads,
steamahip companies and all others which com-
bine capi'al for mutual benefit and furnish em-

‘oyment to from af-wto tho sands of work-
nemen, many of whom willsome day heina
trust andemploying labor t\e selves. Bryan
ean never be elected on the dangerous thestsa he
pr aches The one thine for commo: -e°nse
peoole to do {sto bury his wild schem: s beyond
repirreotion. Belah! M. SMITH

JARLFM, (ct. 22

A Card From Some Indignant Employees,

To THE Enirorn oF Thr Sux Sir: Tn this
morning's tasueof a Bryan organ the following
{tems appeared

The BR Priesticy Company (this city), an English
concern, have slarted the bal rolling by entertaining
thelr office employees, about thirty {nm number, with
almost dally bugaboo lessons as tothneevils of Bryan-

ism. [tis poured intothe minds of these employees
that In the event of Mr Pryan's election the em
ployees need not expect to retain their places. Nor'ts

thatall, It haseven started to broadly suggest, in
letters to tts customers throughout the country that
in the event of Bryan's election disastrous things
would happen to the Priestley concern and tolls cus
tomers.

We, the employees of B. Priestley & Co, wish
to resent this ins lt to our employers ard de
nounce it. We have never been given any buwa-
boo /essons sete theevils of Bryanisn by our
employers, nor have we be n elven to under-
stand that inthe+went:f Mr. Bryan's election
we need not expect to retain ovr place. In
fact, we have never had politics broached to us
inany manner We respectfully ask you to give
thisacons fouous place in your paper, as we
consider our employers have had» great Injus-
tios cone them D. GoLpInoe

For the employees of B. Priestley & Co

Trusts and Unions.

To Tak Epiior oF THe Scn—Sir: Is it
possible that Mr Bryan ia dersely, stupidly te-
norant, rather than ethically criminal, in as-
sailing Trusts rather than labor unions fore
charge affecting young men's present and
future intereste, which is clearly traceable to
the latter and not to the former?

In the writer's early cays the boys and
“young men'—the especial concern of the
biatant Bryan had trade apprent.ceship open

othemandatcomman! Now, excepti ¢ in
restricted and apora fe oases, they are deprived
of a d defrauded of these opportunities; and

the charge (I presume, being more catchy and
popwar with the unthinking and unreasoning
Masses) (6 put upon the Truste! Where in

He.ven's in melave “the young men” to go
if not as clerks? If thatis the only open door
left, whoelose! the othe's? When the boom.
erang eturn-isit not right anda natural law
that it should reach the send or?

Where else should wrongs, whether of head or
intent go? Will one ofthe first signs of te
mill nnium tethe ability of the peopeto see
and know first causes and trace these to their
resultant oonsequences? and u so, not be ied by
pep -eern ine demagogues from false premises to
lying conclusions?

The writer is agrindmother in yoarsand are-

arotful, ut enforced pessimist respecting the
times ndou look-but wants ‘the truth, and
nothing but the truth.” RA

New York, (ct. 18

An Hlastrious Lineage Dishonored.

To THE Epitor or Tre Sun-—Sir: Messrs
Higginson, Garrison and Boutwell, in their ad-
dressto the colored peop.», profess to see in the
use of the word “nigger,” as appiled to the na-
tives of the Philippines by some of our soldiers
writing home, a cause of grave apprehension as
to the future o! the colored race in thi- country.
It give:, they say, ‘a new lease of lifetua word
which was previously dying outamong us.” It
is dificult to believe that this {s seriously said,
but perhaps thease gentlemen cannot help beng
amusing ae well 16 mischievous

In regard to the use of the word in question, I
am willing to admit thatitis unworthy to paas
deo nt lips: butasto its “dying out," if these
gentlemen will cultivate more extensively the

acquaintanceof their new allies they will find
the obJeotlonable epithet still doing yeoman
service in the vernacular speech of the Deijo-
erati: party, Nor(hand South, thesame as it
nas done for more than one generation

There is, however, a serious side to this busi-
ness. Only one ol the names signed to this new
manifesto of spite aga net the Re; ublican party
mane anything to tbe nexrorace. Boutwell
and Higa nson never Attained emi ence elther
inthe forum or the fleld or in defence of the
negro's right. They are both old men now
tottering from the stage of action and pa: sing
for one foolish tour in the Democratio camp
on their way to unremeambered graves. But the
{lustrious name of Woliam lord Garrison
MeANS INtic to the race whose emancipation
he demanded in his youth, standing almost
alone, andsaw accomplished {n his ag*altera
lifetirne of herofe nd dial: terested effort de-
voted to the noblest ends) America will ona
day send round the world for marble white
encugh to build bis rnonument and shall not
find it

It ia «hameful that the gon of such a sire
should dishonor his lineage by trying to de-
liver up the negro to his deadliest enemies
He and his partners have rendered themselves
despicable bv the attempt, and they will be
rendered atili more despicable by its tnevitable
fa‘lure. AN OLD ABOLITIONIST

WASHINGTON, Oot. 17

 

 

Imperialiom in 1702.

To THE EpvIror or THE SuN—Sir: Believing
that I have found the fountain from which springs
the flow of Bryanesque {mperialism, I hasten to send
the follow!: @ copy of a letter which appeared in Dun-
lap's American Daily Advertiser, a newspaper pub
lished {n Balthmore, of the date of Jan. 21, 1792. The
extraordinary resemblance to the antl-impertalistic
speeches and arguments of today will appeal to the
progressive Democracy. It was written immediately
after the reweption of the news of the massacre of St
Clatr's army JAMES MORRIS MORGAN.

WASHINGTON, D. C., Oct, 18,

 

MRA DUNLAP: Please to present the following
queries to public notice through the channel of your
paper

Query First—Is nota just and lasting peace with
the Indians an object of the frst magnitude?

Query Second—Can a peace be Just or lasting that
does not consider the Indians as freemen —as original
lords and proprietors of this soil—that dors not tend to
break down local and national prejudices—and, as
far as the nature of things will admit, obliterate al!
former animosities, by extending the blessings of eiy
ization and equal liberty?

Query Third Is !t not wbolly necessary for the peace
and welfare of this continent that the Indians should
be represented {n the Federal Senate and House of
Representatives”

Query Fourth -Is it consistent for any State or for
the General Government toadmitan Indian figure or
token of war into thelr coats of arms, and deny the
propriety of thelr admission to legislation?

Query Fifth -!Is!t rational to suppose, if tem porary
peace and predatory war with the natives «till eon
tinues, as heretofore, that when the rising impor
tance and spreading fame ofthe eastern part of
this Western Continent shall have fully convinced
foreign nations \Great Britain especially) that
America and not Europe ts caleulated for empire and
universal domain, can tt be thought irrational then
to suppuse some amDitlous Prince, some future
British King, burning iin resentments excited by
former trantactions, may leave the throne of an
{sind for the animating prospect of swaying the
seeptre of acontinent. erecting # standard fi the tn
terior parts of this country, by strict attention to and
improvement of the feelings of the Indians, and other
circumstances endanger the peace if not the ex
istence of the Union?

The foregoin€ queries are presented from no local
Prejudices of prraocnal attachments, put from the
Purest regard for the r'ghts of man, and a thorough
conviction of the ulter tm practicability of reconallin
Whe apparently clashing claims of nature, inverest ame

hte eee

oe ed 6 te tS ns

 

     

—————

ustice, without giving the Indians an opportunity of
(ing fully Tepres nied in the Federal (roverenment,
Pride of color must give way to nee ssity, to Justice,
the refinements aud politeness of elvilleation must
blend and unit. with the honor, fortitude, secrecy,
cou age, wratitude aud every other manly virtu the
Indlan character exbibits in @ natural and unadul-
terated State

In vain are treaties formed; invain are lands pur
chased with tUnsel ornaments, ardent spirits and
adi terated coin: in vain does the eeal of any State
exhibit the Indlan form, or the \mericancagl: arasp
the emblems of war in Indian style in vain are
arinies ratsed: in short are not all attempts, either of
war or of peace, likely to prove in vain while the In
dians remain unreoresented in the General Govern

ment? May it not be rationally hoped, when indians

are seen im the sue of the President of

United States; when they are beheld tn the
Senate of the Union and itn the renresenu-
tative hody of this great confederated re

puble, that then, and not tilt then, thelr tnjurtes,
their wants and thetr interesis will be effectually at
tended to, the big tears cease to roil from th ir indlg
nant eyes. the wounds war has made be forever
closed; toetr national feelings of independence, tn
terest, pride and gratituce be unalterably cem nied
withourown, andone principle of universal Justice
and brother'y love pervade the breast and Influence
the conduct of all the inhabitants of this widely ex-
tended empire. iH

The Disgusted Voter.

Torus Eprror or THe Sun—Sir: In Schenec-
tady one of the foremen of the General Electric Com
pany who has been a rabid Bryan man, and has been
dotng what he could for Bryan's election, stopped
work long enough to hear Bryan speak from the rear
platform in that place, and then went back to the
shop. He thought it over until noon and then said
frankly: “If thatis all Firyan bas to say for himself
I will vote for MeKinhey

Pe‘haps Mr. Bryan may arouse curlosity, but I
hardly think he ismaking votes by his calamity cry
in the Valley of the Mohawk Fr, HOB.

ALBANY, Oot. 19

A Democrat Repudiates Cowards and Trick-
sters.

TOTHE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: I have just
readin your paper that the only Democratic candi
date for Congress In New York clty who stands on
the Kansas City platform and for the free and un
iimt'ed colnage at 16 to 1 ts William Suleer. The
rest of the Democratic candidates are dishonest dodg
ers, and should not be supported by any true [)-mo-
crat. [am disgusted with what these Democratic
candidates ‘say ‘and shall vote the “Republican”
eket, although I have always been a Democrat. I
hate a ‘coward,”’ especially a dishonest one This
man Suleer atieas! has the courage to tell the truth,
and if I lived tn bis district I would vote for bim
because he tells the truth I have no use for trim
mers, tricksters or dodgers.

OcT, 20 GEORGE P. OLDRAM

Bryan's Repoblican Nomination—Purely for the
Free Coinage of Silver.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN- Str: Is Mr. Bryan
among other things a Republican’? We all know he
isan Anarchist Socialist, Populist, Democrat or any
old thing that will catch a vote, but {is healsoa Repub
lean? If not, can he consistently accept the Silver
Republican nomination, @ party that holds wall the
tenets of the National Republican party except the
free and unlimited cotnage of stiver at a ratio of 16
to 1°

It would be interesting to know whether or not
Mr. Bryan ts willing to accept the Republican plat-
form with silver added Just forthe sordid reason of
drawing $59,000 a year from the people. Can he ac-
cept the nomination of a party ‘that assumes that a
laboring man Is like the hog that squeals when it is

bungry and sleeps when {1 is full?" A. McK.
NEw YORK, Oct. 20.
An Undeinded Mechaale,
TO TRE EpITroR OF THE SUN—Sir; The man

Bryan, without bonor, country, party or flag, wab
bling around on his three legged platform, catering
to the mob, standing on first one leg and then the
other, as seems bestin the part of the country he may
be in, he isa traitor to the fag, an advocate of rotten
money and riot and will never receive the votes of tn-
telligent American workmen. Against this platform
and this demagogue, standing on a sound four-
legged platform, that is meant for every State in the
Union alike-—sound money, protection, expansion,
patriotism—stands that true and tried, sound, well-
balanced patriot, soldier and statesman, Willlam
McKinley; and the American people will keep him
there four years more, with the flag waving proudly
overall, including the Philippine Islands.
A NEWARK MFECHANTC,

NEWARK, N. J., Oct. 22

 

Roosevelt and the Seventy-first.

To THE EDIror oF THE SUN Sér:; A Bryan
organ recently printed an article re@arding the anti-
Roosevelt and pro Bryan sentiments of the Seventy-
first Regiment. The article has caused considerable
indignation throughout the regiment, asit was un-
warranted b#the facts.

To my knowledge no poll was taken, and itis my
honest opinion, formed by @ wide acquaintance
throughout the regiment, thatif a poll were taken it
would show at icast @ 75-per-cent Republican vote,
and if the party could count that percentage all over
the country, our boss political fakir could give more
time to his sadly neglected oat patch in the future.

NEW YORK, Oct. 19. GUARDSMAR.

Votes for the Sound Money Man.

To THE EvIroR OF THE SUN—Sir: Your
editorial in today's issue, entitled “Two Candidates
for Congress," {gs most t!mely. Four years agol
wrote to Mr. McClellan, then, as now, a candidate for
Congress from the Twelfth district, in which I reside,
I informed Mr. McClellan that my brother and myself,
residing in the same house and both desirous of yvot-
ing for a Democrat for Congress, wished to know how
he stood on the money question. Receiving no reply,
I wrote again with like result. Accordingly the votes
of my brother and myself were cat forthe Republican
candidate, and, In viewof Mr McClellan's subsequent
vote on the Currency Dill, we were only too well
pleased that we had not voted for him. This year we
know where Mr McClellan stands, ana two
Demoeratic votes from our house will go for Mr.
Parsons. THIRTY-POURTH STREET,

New YORK, Oct 20.

Poll of New England Station Agents.

TO THB EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sér; At the re-
cent fall outing of the New England Station Agents’
Assoctation @ poll taken to ascer’ain the political sen-
Uments of the men who attended showed 97 to 10 In
favor of McKinley. New England will keep her end
up. ARTHUR G. Dwyer.

158\4 WHITON STREET, JERSEY CITY, Oct. 19

McKinley Tammany Men.

TO THR EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: Wi)! you
Please allow an old Tammany Democrat to say a
word about the candidates for the Presidency and
Mr. Croker incidentally.

Richard Croker we think a great deal of, fn fact,
like him well enough to do almost anything for him,

even to shouting for Bryan; but voting—ah! that's |
! s
| tary, Prof. Nicho as Murray Butler: Treasurer

| John B,

the rub; we will drop tn a quiet vote for McKinley,
Silver Congressmen even we will vote for, although
it's against the grain, but Bryan! no thank you.
W. G. LEASK. Tammany Hall,
120 FAST SIXTY THIRD STREET, Oct. 22,

Tom Tackle.

From the Baltimore American.
Tom Tackle was a football man,
Who never thought of fear,
A quarter back came rushing by
And tore from bim an ear t

A full back stopped bim in a ;
Before he could dodge br, veer
And cre they separated there
Poor Tom had lost an eye.

And after one more sprint he
5 Of his left arm Werelt. "=
Sut cheerfully he murmured: «N
My good right arm ts left" vee
A centre rush approached him with

“Your pardon, sir, I beg," r
And in the tussle for the ball

He pulled off Tom's right leg

“Twas then lis sweetheart said to ht
“With sorrow do I scan “

The remnants of your handsome self—
You are but haifa man 7

“And though U pity you, indeed,"
The charming creature said, |

“I fear that we must say farewell
For we can never wed.’ :

Now, Tackle wasa wise youn
‘Though | have lost anear’ _
THe sald ‘Twill have a double charm

When your sweet voice | hear,

"And though my left eye's gone to rest,
Yettt ls very nice,

Tor where I looked at you but onee
I'll now look at you twice.

“And though one arm isin its Crave.
The other's strong as two z

Then, since one leg is gone, lean
Ne'errun away from you.”

So, they were wed, and Tackle th
What he called lucky fates: —e

Por when he paid the marriage fee
Iteost him but half rates,

Fils wife declared: ‘I'll take no chance
' There's pone of you to Spare."' ,
‘To keep him from more football

She cut off all bis hair oe eee

Tom Tackle isa happy man.

Much etter had my Rar bees iats”®
ue r my r bee
Belore the rest of me “—_

{ to-day

Ss ssl ens

      

 

TO THE Sovura,

BEVERIDGE

 

The Re-election of McKinley Essential to Its
Prosperity, He Says.

LOUISVILLE Oct. 22 —Senator Beveridge
of Indiana addressed a Republican mass meet-
ing here to-night. “The South has grown too
xreat to be se tional,” he began by saying
Then he went on to show how the South's tn-
dustries industrially and commercially were
the same Indeed, if one part of the country
would be benefited more than another by the
forelg policy developed by the Republican
party, it would be the South, he said. Pontinu.
ing, he asked

“If Andrew Jackson were alive to-day, do
you think he would champion a policy of Asers
can retreat? Do you think he would thus con.
demn the most constructive and herolo efforts
of his own Americanism impassioned life And
what would Jackson say of those who, when
the American flag, flying over territory bought
by the blood of our soldiers, is being fired upon,
gives aid and eomfort to the enemies of the
American Government? Against whom would
Andrew Jackson's ‘By the eternal!’ be hurled
Jackson, the greatest captain of Ameri-
ean advance between Jefferson and McKinley?
If he were alive to-day, what would be
his words to William Jennings Bryan, the great-
advocate of American retreat the Ameri-
can people has yet produced—and, pray God,
the last? Answer that question, vou sons
and daughters of the South, whose particular
hero Jackson is, as his is a name beloved and

gloried in by all Americans, and then determine
your political action on that patriotic answer.
If you do that it will not break the solid South;
it will make the South more solid than ever
before, but it will turn this aplondid section
and this glorious people right about face, with
eyes to the morning, and set them marching
at double ick toward the glorious future
of our colfmon nation, with rolling drums
and blowing bugles, and songs of industry
and peace, all mingling in the music whose
master notes are American union, American
advance and American mastery of the world.”

Senator Beveridge then spoke of the South's
need of new markets for its products, and
said that thease would be supplied in China
and the Philippines by the Republican for-
eign policy Mr Mekinlev's reélection was,
therefore, essential to the South's prosperity.

est

CUBANS TRUST IN M'KINLEY.

J. oN. Casanova Thinks the Interests of Cuba
Demand Onr Intervention for Some Time.
Oct. 22.-Joseph N. Casa-
nova, proprietor of the Havana Poat and @
prominent and wealthy Cuban, has written
the following letter to Secretary of War Elihu

Root, dated Oct, 22, 1900

“I called on President McKinley on my way
to Havana and was pleased to hear of his friend-
ship and good will for Cuba and the Cubans.
As the Constitutional Convention is about
to meet in Havana, I hope good sense will
prevail and the true interests of Cuba will
be found to be in complete harmony with the
American Government. There being no doubt
that the Administration is desirous of carry-
ing out the pledges of Congress, we must show
oe gratitude by belng worthy of their confi-
ence,

“A change now might be fatal to the da
velopment of Cuba 'e know what President
icKinley has done and is doing We owe to
im the credit for the riddance of Spanish
tyranny. He has given us by degreas a gov-
ernment, employing Cubans in all departmen
until very few Americans remain en Woo
has a Cabinet of prominent Cubans, who ad-
vise him on all subjects. The Custom House
and Post Offices are being given intothe man-
agementof Cubans, and the antiquated Spanish
laws are being revised by Cubans to suit the
people. Our object should be to havea kind
of reciprocity with the United States Weara
an agricultural country, and our sugars, to-
baceo and coffee should come here, our natural
market on specias duties, while we should re-
ceive all American manufactures at a redue-
tion or free of duty

“We are not in a condition to be left alone,
Fven Gen.Gomez has said that the Interest
of Cuba demand the intervention of the Unit
States for some time, and not being pr
for self-government, we may become so trouble-
some that the United States would be coms
pelled to take a hand, and tn that onse we could
net expect any more promises. I feel so con-
dent of the future of Cuba that I am going
repared to rebuild several sugar plantations
hat were destroyed by the Spaniards tn 1896
and will remain permanently to heip elop
the sugar industries.”

BUSINESS CHANCES IN CUBA,

WASHINGTON,

 

Gen. Wood Says Young Amertcans Will Find
Them Most Advantacecous.

In the course of an interview on Saturday
Major-Gen. leonard Wood, when asked for his
opinion as to the business opportunities for
young men in Cuba, said that he was oonvinoed
that young men of America, possessed f some
capital culd not do better than go to Cuba

“They will find,” he said, “the amplest chance
to engage profitably in oattie-rai ing, tobacco
and sugar ar v ins, fruit—es ecially orange—
farming, and many other occupations. In the
interior, to wiich most of these voca‘ions
would take them, they would be comparatively
6a ¢ from vellow fever and find themselves in ”
generally healthful country.”

FINERY ON LA BRETAGNE SEIZED,

A Stewardess Says Women Passengers Left 1¢
With Her to Be Called For.

Twenty-five hundred dollars’ worth of French
millinery, corsets, gloves and laces were found
yesterday by Cu tom Inspectors McCort and
O'Neil in the stew irdesses’ quirters on the
steaniship La Bretagne, which arrived on Sun-
day One of the stewardesses said that the
goods had been left there by several women
passengers, who were to call for them later. The
goods were seized

COLOMBIA'S NEW CHARGE D'APFAIRES

 

 

 

Nephew of President Marroquin—Brings His
Sons Here to School.

Among the passengers on the Atlas Line
steamer Alleghany, which arrived at this port

yesterday, was Sefior Arturo Rrigard, the newly
Sppointed hargé d Affaires ind Consul-Gengral
of Colomb a here. Heisa ne; hew of President
Joa4M. Marroquin of Colombia. Heis a pros-
verous merchant of Bogota. Hissa ary will ba
12,y00. Two sons, who are to be educated in
this country, accompany him

 

 

OMcers of the Colombia University Press.

The officers of the Columbia University Preas
for the ensuing year have been chosen as fol-
lows: President, Seth Low, ex-officio: Secre-

Pine; Trustees, Profs. Brander
Matthews, George Rice Carpenter, Richmond
Meyo-Smith, T. Mitchell Prudden, Francis B.
Crocker, Henry Fairfield Osborn and Harry
Thurston Peck. The Press is a private cor-
poration related dir ctly to the unive ality by
the constitutional provision that its trustees
musta!lwavs be officers of university depart-
ments and that the President of the university
shall be President of the Press Its object is
the promotion of the publica ion of works em-
bodying the results of orig nal research

For Uniform Entrance Examinations.

The movement recently begun to bring about
a system of uniform entrance requirements for
the colleges and universities of the Middle
States and Maryland is making good progress.
The report of the joint committee, whi
at Columbia University last May, has ro my
proved by the following tnstiiations, which In
the future will offer uniform admission teste:
Prinoeton, Columbia, Cniversity of Pennsy|-
vania, Kutgers, Union, Cornell, Vassar and
ewarthinore 4 ‘ arerenc eot Western institu-
tions to bring abot like results is now i
at the Western R serve University. hata

Object to Robert E. Lee for the Hall of Fame.

The selection of Gen Robert E Lee for a place
in the Hall of Fame has displeased the members
of Col. Henry A. Weeks Post 146 0f U t-
ment of New York,G. AR At a full te
sembly of the post held last Thurscay ng@bt, a
resolution was adopted sa ing that Lee's name
Was unworthy of association with those of
Washington, Lincoln and Grant.

(ueeeemmsnuieensensieee

4,040 Students at Columbia,

Primary reg stration at Columbia Univeralty
was completed vesterd)\ morning and the fig-
ures show a student attend ince of 4,040. Gaine
are noticeable in nearly every department and
the total increase over las! yeurs fluresata
corresponding time is 558, or over 11 per oent.
The faculty has increased from 6% to 390 atom

 

 

 

The Catamount Issne.

From an Address by Gen. James M. Varnum
We have all heard of © wildcat’ banking, ‘‘wildeat"
Seeurities, and “wildest” theories of finanee, and
Surely there could be HoLolng more suggestive of the
ebaracter and importance of the Democratic “take”
fasue of imperialism than to designate as @hel?
“wildcat” or “catamount” issue.

 

t