LABOR a BY ROOSEVELT STILL HOPE ror CANAL ‘TREATY.

 

18 GOVERNMENT WORK DENIED
TO NON-UNION MEN?

An Investigation Going on in All Branches
of the Government Service—The Presi-
dent Gald to He Determined That There
Shall Be No Discrimination Made.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.—An investigation
ordered by the President is in progress
in each department of the Government
to ascertain if there is a strict compliance
with the principle laid down by the Anthra-
cite Coal Strike Commission, “that no person
shall be refused employment or in any way
discriminated against on account of mem-
bership or non-membership in any labor

organization.”

President Roosevelt, in his letter
Secretary Cortelyou in regard to the case
of Assistant Foreman Miller of the Govern-
ment Printing Office, said:

“It is, of course, mere elementary de-
ceney to require that all the Government
departments shalt be handled in accordance
with the principles thus clearly and fear-
losaly enunciated.”

At the time this Jetter was written the
jabor organizations failed to see its appli-
cation to all the departments of the Gov-~-
ernment and were only immediately con-
cerned with the case of Miller. They hoped
to quiet the storm that was brewing by an
acquiescence in Miller's return to employ-
ment and since then have refrained from
pushing the charges againet Miller.

Presilent Roosevelt has been receiving
reports, however, which indicated that the
discrimination against persons not be-
longing to labor organizations was not
confined to the Government Printing Office,
and he determined upon a thorovgh inves-
tigation by the heads of all Government
depart ments

Ie called into consultation Secretary
Cortelyou of the Department of Commerce
and Labor and later discussed the subject
with Secretary Moody, Secretary Root,
Secretary Titchcock and Postmaster-Gen-
eral Payne. There was a short conference
by some of these Cabinet officers, and they
decided to carry out the President's wishes
and order an investigation in their re-
spective branches of the Government to
learn whether the practice has been to ra-
fuse employment to persons not connected
with labor organizations

It has developed that in many cases such
waa the practice, it being generally unc »r-
stood by some of the officials that only
union men were to get employment.

When the reports showing this condition
in some of the departments was brought to
the attention of the President he imme-
diately directed that the finding of the Coal
Strike Commission be rigidly adhered to
by all officials. He instructed Secretary
Moody to see that in all the navy yards

to

-@mployment was refused no man because he

was nota momber of a tador™ or carization,
and at the same time if the union man
desired, he could work alongside his non-
un‘on brother.

The announcement of this policy was
also made by the Secretary of War in official
communications to officers of the army
having Government work in charge and it
was learned to-day that the President now
has under consideration the question of
extending the same policy to cover all
Government work.

This would mean that inall the shipyards
work on Government vessels could be
performed by either union or non-union
men, and that having committed the Ad-
ministration to the principle stated, and
to the further finding of the strike com-
mission, “that there shall be no discrimina-
tion against, or interference with, any em-
ployee who is not a member of any labor
organization by members of such organiza-

tion,” it would be the duty of the Govern-
ment to protect the workmen in their
rights.

Acting under the President's instructions
Secretary Root and Secretary Moody
made their investigations as complete as
possible and left no part of the army and
navy unprobed. The orders of the Secre-
tary of War extended the investigation into
the gun factories of the Ordnance Bureau,
into the shops controlled by the Quarter-
master's Department and included the
Soldiers’ Homes of the country, every one
of which was called upon for a complete
raport on the use of labor and to answer
|he question whether it was the practice to
discriminate against an applicant for work
if he happened not to be connected with
any labor organization.

At the same time the officers were in-
structed that they should practise no dis-
crimination and that an applicant who
did not belong to a labor organization
should receive the same treatment as one
who did.

In the Navy Department the investiga-
tion reached into every navy yard, all the
Government docks and coaling stations,
and Secretary Moody made a quiet
inquiry to determine what the practice
was in the commercial shipyards with
reference to the employment of union and
non-union men.

The reports received at the Navy De-
partment showed that nearly all delays in
the construotion of ships were chargeable
‘o the strikes of employees, and this being
& serious matter to the Government the
question has arisen whether the principles
enunciated by the President in his letter
‘o Mr. Cortelyou should not apply to Goy-
‘ernment work being done by private con-
tract.

An official of one of the departments ex-
Plained to-day that it would be an easy
matter to extend the policy announced
by the President to private contracts by
merely placing within each contract made
by the Government a clause calling attention
'o the fact that discrimination against
union or non-union workmen should not
be permitted on work for the Government.

It was admitted to-day by several! officers
that the President has determined that in
ho branch of the Government shall there
be any disorimination against applicants
for work by reason of their not being mem-
bers of a labor organization, and that while
he recognizes that the labor organizations
May make serious opposition to the appli-
cation of this principle to all Government
work, he is determined to see that it is
enforced, and any person filing a just com-
Plaint with the President showing that any
official refused him employment because
he did not belong to a labor organization
will receive immediate consideration

Health at Richfeld Springs.

>agnifcent bathing astabliishment; excellent
Valin Through sleepers daily via Lackawanna
oad, 445 P.M. Parlor cars on i0 A. M. train

 

Washington Not | Discouraged Over the
Colombian Senate's Action.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Coron, Aug. 18---The rejection of the
Panama canal treaty by the Colombian
Senate at Bogota has caused much dis-
Satisfaction here and elsewhere on the
Isthmus. It is stated that when the
Senators learned that the United States
would reject any modification of the treaty
made by them they unanimously deeided
to refuse to ratify the convention.

It appears that Congress seeks to throw
responsibility in the matter upon President
Marroquin’s government and will pasa a
law authorizing him to arrange new con-
ditions that will be acceptable to both
countries,

WasHINGrTon, Aug. 18.—-The official atate-
ment was made at the State Department
this morning that the action of the Senate
of Colombia is not regarded in any sense
as a rejection of the Panama Canal treaty
by Colombia. It is further explained that
the combined action of the Colombian
Congress and the Executive is necessary
either to ratify or reject the treaty, and as
yet the Colombian House has not acted
adversely. Reports from Bogota indicate
that when the treaty does come to a vote in
the House there will be an overwhelming
majority in favor of it.

Under these circumstances the officials
of this Government are not so much con-
cerned over the final outcome. Minister
Herran of Colombia continues optimistic,
and advices received at the State Depart-
ment from United States Minister Beaupre
confirm the belief that President) Marro-
quin and the Colombian House will continue
to favor the treaty. It is thought that
when the Senators see the strength of the
friends of the treaty they will ultimately
reconsider their action’and line up in ite
favor.

Minister Herran waa asked to-day
whether it was probable that the State of
Panama would revolt against Colombia
in the event of the rejection of the treaty.
He replied that there was no indication
of such a movement in Panama, and that
such an outcome was very improbable.

RUSSIAN CAPTAIN REBELS.

Refuses to Let His Men Fire on Strikers
and Is Sentenced to Death.
Spectal Cabla Despateh to TAB SUN.

LonDON, Aug. 19.--A despatch to the
Daily Mail from St. Petersburg, describing
the bloodshed at Kieff growing out of the
conflicts between the strikers and the
military, narrates an incident showing
how the revolutionary propaganda is gain-
ing hold of the army.

It says that when the Governor ordered
the troops to fire one of the Captains stepped
before his company and forbade his men
to flro upon “our poor, starving brothers.”
The soldiers obeyed the counter-order of
their Captain, and the latter made a flaming
revolutionary speech. He was, of course,
immediately arrested and taken to St.
Petersburg, where he was tried by a court-
martial and sentenced to death.

JAMES M'WAHON VWANISHES.

Prosecutor Anxtous About the Assault Case
Since EKastman’s Liberation on Ball.

Lona Branca, N. J., Aug. 18.—James
McMahon is missing. His whereabouts
is known to a few persons. He left the
National Hotel on Saturday. It is sup-
posed that he is in New York. It is said
that he did not care to take the chances
of being imprisoned as a witness, although
not averse (to testifying in the notorious
assault case.

Last night Joseph Ruch, who is employed
at the Brighton Hotel stables, was arrested.
It is said that Ruch knows much about the
plans laid for the McMahon assault, He
was taken before Judge Shoenlein, who
held him under $200 bail.

Prosecutor John E, Foster is anxious
about the case now that Monk Eastman
has been liberated. The impression pre-
yails that Eastman’s bail will be forfeited,

DELAYED by “THE HURRICANE,

Steamship Due at New Orleans Four Days
Ago Not Heard From.

New Onveans, Aug. 18.—The steamship
George W. Kelley of the Adler Weinberger
Steamship Company, under charter of the
Bluefields Steamship Company, which left
Bluefields on Aug. 9 and should have ar-
rived here on Aug. 14, has not been heard
from, She must have struck the recent
Gulf hurricane off the Yucatan coast on
Wednesday, Aug. 12. All the other fruit
vessels due have arrived. The company
officials believe the Kelley delaye ed by injury.

 

TALK OVER MRS. TAY Lor's GEMS.

They Were Sent From England by Mall and
at First Were Thought Dutlable.

The jewels of Mrs. Talbot J. Taylor,
daughter of James R. Keene and wife of
the senior member of the brokerage firm
which failed recently, were the subject
of a conference at the Custom House yester-
day between representatives of Mr. Taylor
and customs officers. The jewels are said
to be worth $300,000.

Mrs. Taylor attended the coronation
ceremonies in London and took the jewels,
which were bought in this country, with
her. Recently she sent them to Mr. ‘Taylor
by mail in a registered package. When
they were received at the Post Office here
they were turned over to the customs
officer who takes charge of incoming
foreign packages, and inquiries as to where
they were bought were begun.

At the conference yesterday it was es-
tablished that the jewels were bought here,

and were entitled to free entry. The ques-
tion arose, however, as to the liability of
the Government if the jewels were turned
over to Mr. Taylor, on account of the posi-
tion of Taylor & Co.'s affairs, Customs
officers, however, had received no official
notification of Mr Taylor's failure, and the
eves will, therefore, be turned over to

rim.

MURDER FOR A WHIPPING,

A Boy of 13 Shoots a Farm Laborer Who
Punished itm.

Uttea, N. Y., Aug. 13.—Herbert Moon
of this city, aged 13, shot and killed Lucian
Drew on a farm near here to-day. Drew
was a farm laborer, 20 years old, coming here
from Ithaca, Mich., early last May.

He had been whipping the boy, who
retaliated by putting a bullet through
Drew's head.

VYake the Fdacational Sight Seeing New
York Vache. 1,000 points of Interest explained by
expert lecturer; § hours sail from foot 22d st., N. R.,
10 A. M. and 2:80 P. M.- Ado.

 

 

Once wear a Krementz One-Piece Collar Button
you'll always wear tt

It never breaks, Adv,

 

DAMAGED Bi BOATS 1 10 NORFOLK.

WHO SHALL ORDER COURT OF IN-
QUIRY INTO COLLISION?

Question Ratsed by the Fact That Prest-
dent Roosevelt, Secretary Moody and
Admiral Dewey All Witnessed Acotdent
—Navy Men Condemn Wedge Formation

Wasuinaton, Aug. 18.--Admiral Barker,
commanding the North Atlantic squadron,
and the officials of the Navy Department
are asking the question, “Who shall order
a court of inquiry into the torpedo-boat
collision at Oyster Bay yesterday?”

President Roosevelt, Secretary Moody
and Admiral Dewey witnessed the collision,
and a telegram received at the Bureau of
Navigation to-day from Lieut, Chandler,
commanding the first torpedo-boat flotilla,
reported his departure with the Decatur,
Bainbridge, Chauncey, Dale and Barry for
Norfolk, “by order of the Secretary of the
Navy.”

The receipt of thia despatch and, later, one
from Rear Admiral Barker is said to have
caused a lively exchange of views among
officers of the Department as to who should
order the court of inquiry to investigate
the mix-up that resulted from the attempt
of the torpedo boats to execute a flying-
wedge manouvre for the amusement of
the President and his friends.

Just how badly the colliding ships are
injured cannot be ascertained until they
are docked at Norfolk, but there seems
to be no question that a court of inquiry
should be ordered.

Tt was said at the Department this after-
noon that Rear Admiral Barker thought
the Secretary of the Navy should order the
court because he was present and there-
fore in command of the naval veasels,

Tt is even said that President Roosevelt,
as Commander-in-Chief of the military
forces of the United States, was also in
command and that they should not expect
Admiral Barker to order a court of inquiry
when he was not present and knew nothing
of the accident. The officials here explain
that the actual command of the squadron
was vested in Admiral Barker and that the
presence of the Secretary of the Navy
does not in any way relieve him of thie
responsibility to order the court of inquiry.

 

QUESTION THE TORPEDO WEDGE.

 

Navy Men Say the Formation Only Makes
a Fine Target.

Oyster Bay, N. Y., Aug. 18.--Nothing
official was heard here to-day about the two
torpedo boats, the Barry and the Deca-
tur, which were disabled in yesterday's
manceuvres or about the other three de-
stroyersin Lieut, Chandler’a flotilla, which |
were ordered to accompany the injured
boats to the Brooklyn navy yard. It was
reported at the executive offices, however,
that the destroyers, instead of going to
Brooklyn, as ordered by Admiral Dewey,
were on.their way.to. Norfalk.

It could not be explained satisfactorily
why the Admiral’s order was not obeyed,
for the order was not, it is said, counter-
manded by him. It was suggested that
one of the destroyers may have set out
after the rest of the fleet, which was only
seven or eight miles up the Sound when
the accident occurred, and notified Rear-
Admiral Barker of the mishap. As com-

mander of the fleet, the Rear Admiral, it is |

thought, may have taken it upon himself
to countermand the order given by Admiral
Dewey and have directed the destroyers
to go to Virginia.

Not much is said here about the accident.
The President, it is said, considers it as
one of the mishaps which are liable to occur
at any time in the chances which torpedo
boat destroyers must take in manauvring.

The practicability of the wedge forma-
tion which the boats were trying when the
accident occurred is, however, questioned
by some navy men here. It was said at
the time of the manoeuvres that the purpose
of the formation was to increase the chances
of getting a destroyer within working
range of a vessel. If one of the boats in
the wedge was disabled, the others, it was
said, would go on just the same.

Navy men here, though, give It as their
opinion that a 10-pound shell fired into
the formation would smash it completely
and would probably be the cause of dis-
abling, not one veasel, but all of them,
since a general collision would surely result.

The torpedo boat Morris, which came
here as a despatch boat, also met with a
slight accident yesterday. In backing out
from the Oyster Bay pier, where she had
gone to get water, she grounded on the
border of the channel which had been
dredged there and disabled her rudder.
She was patched up and left this morning.

President Roosevelt will not attend the
international yacht race on Thursday.
Mrs. Roosevelt and Migs Alice will go with
Secretary Moody on the Mayflower, but
the President has business at home for that
day.

It is not certain that Mr. Roosevelt will
see any of the other races, although both
Sir Thomas Lipton and Mr. Iselin, when
they were on the Mayflower yesterday,
told the President they hoped that he
would get to at least one race.

 

NEBRASKA OFFERS WEBSTER.

Republican Convention Thinks He's the
Man to Run With Roosevelt.

LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 18.—The Republican
convention to-day nominated J. B. Barnes
of Norfolk for Supreme Judge and Charles
S. Allen of Lancaster and W. G. Whitmore
of Douglas for State University Regents.

The platform rejoices in the fact that
Bryanism has been Killed in the home
of its nativity and that no leader who
builds his hopes of success upon the fail-
ures or disappointments of others can
succeed; reaffirms belief in the protective
tariff, but declares unalterable opposition
to combinations of capital under whatever
name or in whatever form. s

It declares its belief in legitimate business
enterprises that increase industry and
stimulate trade, but condemns those cor-
porations with excessive capitalization
that stifle competition and fix prices #0 as
to pay dividends upon fictitious stock.
President Roosevelt's conduct in putting
in operation the agencies of Government
to atamp out unlawful and oppressive trusts
is commended.

The platform declares for a_merchant
marine and retention of the Philippines
as a means of educating the American
people to the possibilities of Oriental trade.

President Roosevelt was indorsed for a
second term as a man who knows no fear,
courts no favor and loves peace with honor,
John L. Webster, an attorney of Omaha,
was presented aa a candidate for Vice-
President in 1904.

Yacht Race tekets for the Fall River Line steamer
Plymouth or New Haven Line steamer Hiechard
Peck should be purchased uF advance. Sale post
Adv

 

thvely limited, See adv,

      
  
    

  
  
 

a

y | ALY. ARADO LEAVES $70,000,000.

Peon Who Discovered A Rich Silver Mine
Dead-—Offered to Pay Mexico's Debt.

CHIHUAHUA, Mexico, Aug. 18.—Private
despatches received here to-day from Par-

ral, thie State, confirm the report of the
sudden death at that place of Pedro
Alvarado, the mining man who was
known throughout Mexico and the United
States. He leaves a fortune amounting
to about $70,000,000, according to reliable
estimates by those who have been handling
the ore from his mine during the past six
years. The value of the Palmillo mine,
which he owned and which he discovered
@ few years ago when he was a peon working
in a mine at 30 cents a day, is not known,
as Alvarado persistently refused to admit
mining experts to ite workings. It is,
however, one of the richest silver properties
in the world.

Of the $70,000,000 worth of ore which
Alvarado took out of the mine since its
discovery, it is said that there is more
than $60,000,000 worth in silver bara locked
in a steel cage at the residence of its late
owner. This cage is guarded day and
night by a strong force of armed men.

Alvarado recently acquired additional
notoriety by offering to pay the public
debt of Mexico. He also offered to buy
all of the mining properties and smelters
of the American Smelting and Refining
Company in Mexico. He gave many hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars to the poor
and erected costly Catholic cathedrals at
Parral and in this city. He leaves a widow,
to whom his estate will go.

RICH MANUFACTURER KILLED.

T. R. Morgan of Oshkosh, Wis., Shot in the
Street by a Discharged Employee.

OsuKosn, Wis., Aug. 18.--Thomas R.
Morgan, a millionaire sash, door and blind
manufacturer, one of the richest and best-
known men in Oshkosh, was shot to death
in the atreet at 10 o'clock this morning by
Frederick Hampel, a discharged employee.
Three shots were fired, all taking effect.
Mr. Morgan lived a few minutes and ut-
tempted to make his way to St. Mary's
Hospital. He died on the way.

Hampel was arrested and taken to the
police station, where he was found dead
in his cell two hours later. He had hanged
himself. Mr. Morgan went to his office
as usual this morning shortly before 10
o'clock. He walked up Fifth street ad-
jacent to the railway yards. He met a
friend and they stood in the street a few
minutes and conversed on business topics.
Mr. Morgan then started on down the
street.

He had gone only a short distance when
Hampel appeared back of him, Mr. Morgan
was unconscious of the man’s presence
and probably would have paid no attention
to him had he known where he was.

Hampel hurried along rapidly and when
within a few feet of Mr. Morgan pulled out
a revolver and opened fire.

MURDERER KILLS HIMSELF,

Coates, Who First Tried to Drown Himself,
Cuts His Throat in Jalil.

Nyacw, N. Y., Aug. 18.-Herman T
Coates, the murderer, who jumped over-
board from an Old Dominion steamer off
Sea Girt on Sunday, and was saved from
drowning by the steamer's men, com-
mitted suicide by cutting his throat with a
rusty razor in his cell in the Rockland
county jail at New City, this afternoon.

After being picked up out of the ocean
on Sunday, Coates was brought here by
the officers from this county who had gone
to Richmond to get him. When he was
searched no weapons were found on him.
This afternoon one of the prisoners in the
jail heard a groan in Coates’s cell, and
called Jailer Stammers.

Coates was found on the floor of his cell.
He had severed his jugular vein. An old
razor lay beside him. How he obtained
possession of it is not known,

Coates murdered Louis Hull in Hull's
home at Spring Valley on May 19, 1902.
He had been invited to Hull's home for
supper. The men had some unpleasant
words, and Coates shot Hull and his wife.
Hull was killed instantly. His wife sur-
vived,

DETECTIVES HOLD-UP

And Fire at One of the Robbers—Crooks
and Thetr Victim Arrested.

Detective Sergeants Brennan, Fogarty
and Monday of the Detective Bureau were
walking along Seventh avenue last night
with Detective Butts of the Tenderloin
station, when they saw two men holding a
drunken man against a wall near Twenty-
ninth street and going through his pockets.

When the detectives started after the
men one of them ran to Twenty-eightn
street and dodged in a cellar after Brennan
and Monday hac fired three shots at him.
They took their prisoner to the Tenderloin

station, where he said he was Joseph Spos-
ton of 142 West Thirtieth street,

In the meantime his pal ran through
Twenty-ninth street to Sixth avenue where
he dodged into a restaurant, only to be
caught by the detectives.

He said he was Louis Gafino of 158
West Twenty-eighth street. The man
who was being robbed was also locked
up on a charge of intoxication after de-
scribing himself as Charlee E. Lozier of
166 East 144th street.

MINISTER FINDS

She Was at Coney Isiand—He Had Made a
Long Search for Her There.

Mary Miller, the sixteen-year-old daugh-
ter of Benjamin Miller of 54 Reeve place,
Windsor Terrace, Brooklyn, disappeared
from her home several days ago. Yesterday
the Rev. James M. Buchanan, the pastor of
the Windsor Terrace Baptist Church, found
her at Coney Island.

The minister had been making trips
to Coney Island for three days looking for
tne girl. He made the rounds of the con-
cert halls and quizzed the soubrettes in
an effort to find out if they had seen her.

Mr. Buchanan had been all over the island
yesterday and was on his way home when
he ran acrosa the girl in the Culver depot.

She told him that she had been livingina
house in West Fifth street. She was titer
to the police station and later to her home
in charge of the probation officer.

May Stop the Flogging of White Women.

ATLANTA, Ga., Aug. 18.--The State Prison
Commissioners are now in session in Mil-
ledgeville, where they are discussing the
appointment of a successor to Warden
Allagood, who whipped Mamie De Cris,
The commission is also making a thorough
investigation of conditions at the State
Farm, and it is said will consider rules
prohibiting further flogging of white women
in the State campes

 

 

 

 

SPOIL A

 

RUNAWAY,

 

 

 

Every one loves pleasure. If you are looking for
{t try the Hudson River Day Line,—Adr.

———————————
$$$

WepNEsDAY, AvoustT 19, 1908,
Fair and warmer to-day and to-morrow.

 

 

WHO OWNS THIS SW SWIFT YACHT

A LITTLE FLYER THAT PUZZLES
FOLKS ABOUT THE HARBOR.

 

Dashes by Swift Steamers at a 22-Knot
Rate—is Built of Highly Polished
Mahogany With Three Coockpits
~The Standard of New York Her Namo

Yachtsmen hereabout feel a lively cu-
riosity in a polished, glistening atreak of a
craft that has been flitting about the waters
of these regions for the last week, beating
everything that has tried to stay along-
side long enough to look down into her
open engine cockpit and learn the secret
of her speed.

There is as much mystery about the
ownership of the craft and the identity of
her builders as there is about her con-
struction and motive power.

Until Monday the floating secret was
nameless, but on that day she shot
into Oyster Bay with the legend “Standard
of New York” painted on her astern. No
such name is to be found on the lists of
yachts and launches.

A week ago, while yet nameless, the
speed launch—that’s the way to describe
it—appeared at the races of the Atlantic
Yacht Club and went over the triangular
course at the rate of 20 knots an hour.
Yachtsmen asked then “What is it?” and
“Whose is it?” but their megaphone hails
for information didn’t catch this eel of a
boat.

All hands will try again to-morrow to
guees the riddle when they go down to
Sandy Hook to watch the international
races, for it is taken for granted that a
boat like the Standard will shape her course
for anywhere that a race is to be had.

On the run from Oyster Bay to Larchmont
on Monday the streak passed the Corsair
and all the other fast ones at a clip generally
estimated at 22 knote, and yesterday morn-
ing she was the last of the fleet to leave
Larchmont for the anchorage in the East
River and the first to arrive.

The Standard came down one side of
Blackwell’s Island and Commodore Bourne's
Colonia on the other. At the north end
of the island the two were abreast. At
the south end the Standard waa almost a
length ahead.

The Standard has a remarkably low free-
board. The deck doesn’t seem to be more
than three feet above the water line. She
is run by a high powered gasolene engine,
but just what her horse-power is nobody
has even tried to guess. There is ap-
parently but one screw.

The exterior finish adds a lot to the weird-
ness of thecraft. She is planked with ma-
hogany that has the polish and glistening
surface of a piano. The launch is almost
uncanny in the allent, stealthy way she slips
through the water and there is no wake to
speak of. Just a flash and a gleam and it’s
all over.

The cutwater is like a knife and the
stern ie-ef the French torpedo boat type--
that is, two vertical planes coming together
at an angle of ninety degrees.

The boat’s wave line extends back in
a graceful curve about one quarter of her
length and tops a thin sheet of clear water
without a fleck of foam init. She is decked
all over, except for three small cockpita, one
forward for the helmsman, another amid-
ships for the engine and a third aft for the
passengers.

For a general description the term cigar-
shaped “ will do as well as anything else.”

SECOND REPORT ON’ GLOVES.

The Rev. Mr. Thompson's Evidence Still
Missing—Another Attempt to Get It.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.—The supplemental
report from Col. E. A. Garlington, Inspector-
General of the Department of the East,
on his investigation of the contracts made
by the office of the Quartermaster-General
for gloves for the army was received this
morning at the War Department and re-
ferred to Secretary Root.

The report consisted of a copy of the
testimony of H. T. Patterson, a_ repre-
sentative of John Wanamaker, whose
testimony Col. Garlington failed to secure
in the first investigation, and a letter from
Col. Garlington explaining why he did not
this time secure the testimony of the Rev.
T. C. Thompson, the executor of the estate
of William Topp, who was absent when
the inspector visited Gloversville.

No information could be obtained at the
War Department to-day in regard to Mr.
Patterson's testimony. It was learned that
Col. Garlington'’s excuse for not making
an examination of the Rey. T. ©. Thompson
was that Mr. Thompson is in Vermont, and
Col. Garlington did not consider that the
orders received by him from the War De-
partment contemplated his going up to
Vermont to examine the witness.

All of this was explained in Col. Garling-
ton’s letter, which was referred to Secre-
tayr Root for consideration. Secretary
Root had not decided late this afternoon
whether he would have Col. Garlington
wait for the return of Mr. Thompson to
Gloversville before taking his testimony
or whether he would authorize the travel
of the Inspector-General to where Mr.
Thompson is in Vermont.

The opinion of the officials of the War
Department was that Secretary Root would
issue another order providing for Col.
Garlington’s mileage to Vermont, and
thus enable him to examine Mr. Thompson.

Theae are the two witnesses who Gen.
Davia recommended should be examined
80 a8 to complete the Littauer investigation.

LIVED WITH TORN HEART.

Denver Man Fought Off Death for 37 Hours
After Being Shot.

Denver, Col., Aug. 18.--Police surgeons
made a strange discovery at an autopsy on
the body of Adelbert Allen this eras
Allen was shot on Sunday morning at
o'olook and died last night at 10 0 Pinci.
The bullet penetrated an

Hear’,

pa eeneee completely through the left
eats e and penetrated the diaphragm
and the left lobe of the liver, lodging in the
muscles of the last thoracic vertebrm.
Not withstanding the injury to the heart,
which ordinarily produces instant death,
Allen lived for thirty-seven hours. Allen
was able, after being shot, to make an
ante-mortem statement and was conscious
almost until hia death.

FOR JOWN A,

 

 

 

 

 

NOT M'CALL,
He Wouldn't Have the War Secretaryship
if it Were Offered to Him.

John A. McCall, president of the New
York Life Inaurance Company, said yeater-
day that the report from Washington that
the post of Secretary of War had been
offered to him by the President was untrue,
“No such offer has been made,” said Mr.
MeCall, “and [ would not accept ‘the place if
it were offered,”

 

lacerated Allen's |

  

ANOTHER REMOVAL BY DURBIN.

on’t Tolerate Officials Who Will Not Deal
With Labor Disturbances.

INDIANAPOLIB, Aug. 18.~-William G. Mc-
Cleery, president of the Board of Police
Commissioners of Marion, sent his resig-
nation to Gov. Durbin to-day in obedience
to a request. The request that he resign
was made after an investigation by an
agent of the Governor and a report that the
board had not attempted to prevent the
recent labor disturbances at Marion and
that the city was on the verge of anarchy
as a result.

The Governor haa not yet appointed a
successor, but it is said at the Executive
Office that the vacancy will be filled by the
appointment of a man who will protect the
people of Marion and see that men are per-
mitted to work regardless of union or non-
union affiliations.

Commissioner Reardon, the representa-
tive of organized labor on the board,was re-
moved on Saturday,and McCleery is the
second man to go at the demand of the Em-

 

 

ployers’ Council. .
$2,800 THE BOYS NEVER MISSED.
Change Mother Hoarded From ‘Their

Pockets Found After Death.

Dover, N. J., Aug. 18.--John Keenan, an
old-time miner of the borough of Wharton,
has on deposit in the National Union Bank
of Dover the sum of $2,800 of which he
found himself unexpectedly possessed.
Keenan buried his wife last Thuraday. She
was a woman of thrifty habits.

Whenever either or both of their two
sons, who follow the calling of their father,
came home careleas of the day, the mother
would abstract from their pockets such
change as they were heedless of and would
carefully hide it in all sorte of out-of-the
way places about the house.

A day or two after the funeral Keenan
called to mind this habit of his wife's, and
took it into his head to make a thorough
search of the house. The result of his
search astonished him. There seemed to
be money in every nook and corner. He
tied up the coins and bills in an old handker-
chief and carried his find to a friend, and
they found that the handkerchief held
$2,800. Keenan put the money in the bank.

 

ROBBED FRANKLIN WOODRUFF.

Boys Push Newspapers Against ‘Tim’
Woodruill’s Cousin and Steal His Watch.
Franklin Woodruff of 106 Remsen street,

Brooklyn, was walking through City Hall

Park on his way to the Bridge, last night,

when two newsboys ran up to him and

thrust their papers in his face.

While Mr. Woodruff was pushing them
away one of the boyssnatched his valuable
watch and ran down Frankfort street.

Mr. Woodruff reported the robbery at
the City Hall police station. He said he
‘was a salt importer, with offices at 49 Water
street, and a cousin of ex-Lieut.-Gov.
Woodruff.

Philip Hamburger, a neweboy at the
Bridge entrance, told the police that one
of the boys had told him that he wanted
to sell papers and had bought them at
retail rates. Hamburger said he thought
the boy had been committing similar rob-
beries for some time.

 

 

ROBS TRAINS AT FULL SPEED.

Negro Uses a Rope Ladder, Forces Open
Doors and Throws Freight Out.
RrIcHMOND, Va., Aug. 18.—A daring car
robber was arrested in Petersburg to-night
in Willie Lewis, a negro. By means of a
rope ladder he robs freight trains while
they arerunning at fullspeed. Letting him-
gelf down by the side of a car he forces
open the door, collects such articles as he
wants and throws them out. At the next
station he leaves the train and goes back

for his booty.

FLOOD SWEEPS

of Houses Washed Away
Some LAves Lost.
MONTEREY, Mexico, Aug. 18.—A oloud-
burst in the mountains adjacent to Monte-
rey caused a flood in the Santa Catarina
River, whioh flows through the lower part of
thetown. Morethanthree hundred houses
were washed away, making 1,000 people
homeless. A number of lives were lost.

 

 

MONTERLY.

 

Hundreds

 

FATAL ROW IN A CHURCH.

One of the Minister's Sons Accidentally
Shot hy His Brother.

GotTurik, Okla., Aug. 18.-While their
father was preaching in a small church near
Tishomingo, I. T., last evening, John Roach,
aged 18, accidentally killed his younger
brother Jack, aged 11. During his ser-
mon on Sunday morning Mr. Roach said
something that displeased his congrega-
tion, and some members threatened him
if he continued to preach that doctrine.

Last night, believing there would be
trouble, John Roach took a revolver with
nim to the church with which to protect
his father. The Jooked-for disturbance
started, and John was running across the
room to his father’s aid, when the younger
man suddenly fell. The jar accident-
ally diacharged the revoiver and Jack
Roach fel) dead, the bullet piercing his
heart.

WIRE-WOUND

 

GUN TESTED.

Two Shots Fired From a 10-Inch Cannon
at Sandy Hook.

The Brown 10-inch wire gun was tested
with two shots at Sandy Hook yesterday,
with results which were satisfactory to
the gun people, In the first shot, with a
575-pound projectile, a muzzle velocity of
2,243 feet a second was ap yelopes and a
pressure of 20,000 pounds to t aquare
inch. The second shot gave a muzzle
velocity of 2,200 feet a second and a préssure
of 32,000 pounds to the square inch.

The gun weighs 2644 tons and is made
of sheets of steel one-eighth of an inch
in thickness, wound with one-eighth inch
square wire. The*testa were the twelfth
| bet thirteenth in a series of 100 shots to
| be fired.

 

Backing a ‘Trolley Line Wrecks a Bank.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 18.- The private
bank of Kinney & Co., at Angola, closed
ita doors to-day when County Treasurer
Williams presented a check for his deposia
of $17,000. The bank was able to pay only
$5,000 of the amount. The immediate
cause of the failure is the attempt of the
bank to finance a trolley line

BIL Arp Very Low.

Avavata, Ga., Aug. 18.—Major C. H.
Smith (Bill Arp) is very low in Cartersville
Ga. He has declined so rapidly that he
does not recognize any one. His physician
says he sees no chance for hia recovery.

 

Rarnetc’s Extract of Vanilla,
In purity and strength pre#minently supertor.

=—A

Nae

PRICE TWO CENTS.

  

ee TS

BIG ALLOWANCE 10 SHAMROCK

RELIANCE MUST GIVE 1 MINUTE
45 SECONDS TO HER OPPONENT.

Two Yachts Measured in the Erie Basin
~-Shamrock Longer on the Water
idne, but Mas Nearly 2,000 Sqnaare
Feet Less Canvas—Short Spins To-day.

The Shamrock TI. and the Reliance are
now tugging at their moorings in Sandy
Hook Bay, both ready for the contest which
is to begin to-morrow. They have been
thoroughly groomed and yesterday after
the finishing touches were put on their
underbodies they were floated and then the
measurer, Charles D. Mower of the New
York Yacht Club, put his tape over the
two boats to find out how much time the
Reliance has to allow in the races.

The amount had been figured from a
minute and a half to two minutes, but as
the exact lengths of the waterlines of the
two boats could not be ascertai*e ! this was
largely guesswork. When all the work
had been done it was officially announced
that the Reliance allows | minute 45 seconde”
time to the Shamrock III. in each race.
This is a large allowan-*, more than many
of the admirers of the Reliance thought
she would have to give, and those who
believe in the ability of the Shamrock to
win are very much pleased,

Measuring the two boats was a long job,
but a patient crowd stood around them
all day long. Karly in the morning
the Erie Basin began to fill up, and by 19
o'clock there was no standing room around
the dry docks in which were the two boats.
Metal workers were busy on the Reliance,
fixing her damaged rudder and hammering
out the dented plates in the bow. A new
piece of bronze was put on the pintle, and
it showed in marked contrast to the reat
of the bronze, being much darker in color.
The bronze of the Reliance shone like
burnished gold, and the bottom is beautifully
smooth and clean.

The Shamrock alao is looking fine. Her
underbody is like a piece of delicate por-
celain. The paint has hardened well
and haa been rubbed down until it is as
smooth as a piece of glass. The scaffolding
around the two boats was removed early
and everyone had a chance to compare
the two models. The Reliance looked
big and powerful, while the Shamrock is
small, delicate and dainty. She is a big
little boat, and more than one in the basin
commented on the fact that she looked
very much like the Defender.

In 1895, when the Defender was built,
the Englishmen who came over called her
a big little boat. The Valkyrie that year
was the brute. She was bigger in every
way than the Defender, but the Defender
won. This year things are just the oppo-
site. The Reliance is the brute. The
Shamrock is the little boat. She has shown
in her trials that she is fast. She has
beaten the Shamrock I. by large margins,
and she is to receive a large allowance
from the Reliance.

Sir Thomas Lipton and C. Oliver Iselin
were early in the basin looking over the two
boats, As usual Sir Thomas was the centre
of an admiring crowd. He was besieged
by a!] and had to shake hands with many,
until he got tired and took refuge on the
Shamrock, where he had a long talk with
Capt. Wringe and William Fife.

water in the morning he met Mr. Iselin
on the dock and the two yachtsmen chatted
for a time. While they were talking a
young woman approached Sir ‘Thomas
shook his hand and said, “We all hope
you will win the Cap, Sir Thomas."

Sir Thomas laughed and thanked her,
but Mr. Iselin said: “Oh, no, we don’t and
we are not going to let him win if we can

help it.”

About 1 o'clock Charles D. Mower, the
measurer and A. Bradlee Hunt, a member
of the club, went on board the Shamrock
to measure her spars. Capt. Wringe and
Mr. Fife were on hand ready for the opera-
tion. Head sails were sent up in stops and
Mr. Mower was soon at work. He measured
from the end of the bowsprit to the forward
side of the mast and then the length ot
the main boom and gaff.

This work was comparatively easy, but
when the hoist was to be measured Mr.
Mower got in a boatswain's chair and was
soon swinging from the masthead of the
boat some 175 feet above the bottom of
the dry dock. It did not take very tong
to measure the spars of the c hallenger ar cl
then he went over to the Reliance and as
it was almost high tice the sluices were
opened and water was let into the dock in
which the Shamrock was resting. Mr
Mower finished his work on the Ke,iance
and by that time the Shamrock was floating
and he weut back to that yacht to get her
water line length while the water was le
into the dock in which the Reliance was
standing.

To measure the water line length of a

modern Cup yacht is a delicate job. The
forward and after overhangs of these boats
are so low over the water that it is easy to
make a mistake. The crew on the yacht
was gathered amidships. There were fifty-
six on board. Sir Thomas Lipton sat on
board in the middle of the deck of the
yacht and near him were Dr. Neale and
Col. Sharman Crawford. Capts. Wringe
and Bevis stood watching the operation,
and the sailors were seated on the deck.

Mr. Mower dropped two plumb limes,
one over the bow and one over the stern,
and then he and Mr. Hunt, William Fife anc
Nat Herreshoff got into a punt and went
to the bow of the yacht. A long batten
was then floated on the water and care-
fully placed so that it rested against the
spot where the bull of the yacht left the
water at the forward end. Then a mark
was made on the batten just where the
plumb line hanging over the bow cut it.

The same operation was repeated at the
after end of the yacht, and then the length
of the forward and after overhangs was
marked on the deck and the space between
these two showed the length of the water
line. Four small black marks were put
on the hull of the yacht to show her flota-
tion lines.

While the Shamrock was being measured
the Reliance was floated out of the smaller
dock and warped around into the sam:
dock in which the Shamrock was ving,
and as soon a8 the Shamrock was measured
Mr. Mower, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Fife and Mr
Herreshoff went to the Reliance to get he:
water line length.

 

There were sixty-four men on the de-
fender. The amateurs on board were
C. Oliver Iselin, W. B. Duncan, Jr., Herbert
Cc. Leeds, Newberry D. Thorne, Wood-
bury Kane and Dr. Monahan. Mr. Mower

soon did the work, while the two designers,
Fife and Herreshoff, watched the operation

It was a quarter to 5 o'clock when the two
yachts bad been measured and Mr. Mower
went to the New York Yacht Club to figure
out the allowances and the measurements
The Reliance and Shamrock were at once
warped out of the dock and their tugs were
waiting to cast a line to them and tow them
down to the Hook,

The tug Guiding Star took the Reliance,
and she was the first to start off, followed
a the tender Sunbeam and the barge

oonatone, on which the spare sails are
kept. The Cruiser took the Shamrock,
and then a line was passed to the old chal-
lenger Shamrock I., and, eacorted by the
steam yacht Erin, the houseboat Narodha
and several launches, the challenger went
after the Reliance

The yachts bada great reception

, they
went down the bay. Vessels of

kinds

,
i
oy
ry
‘
ul
|
,
i
|
i
|
i
{i
ul
tue
ei
|
|
}
\
Z|
'
ial
}
}
ie
i
|
|
a
a
‘i
a
ae
a
i
4
|
ia
,
i
q
|
i
!
me
{
Py
hi
;
a
|
i
ie
1a
Me
“a
Ht
a
Mae
Dig
ih
a
Hy 4
hg
th
iy

Sa