‘deft

 

———— ee

~ VOL, LXVIL—-NO, 157.

 

 

NEW YORK,

ENG LISI PUBLIC ANGRY. Thero must be deducted about 10,000 casual-

 

USELESS PARTISAN WAR DEBATE
VERY DISAPPOINTING,

 

Already There Are Demands for a Conll-
tlon Cahinet—Failure to Improve Soon
the South African Situation May Drive
Out the Present Government-—Public
Has Been Patient Under Severe Trials
—560,000 More Troops to Be Called Ont
—Hope That Baller Is Advancing, but
the War Office Has No News-—-Kitchener
Preparing for a March on Bloemfontein ?

Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sun,

Lonpon, Feb. 3.—War politics for the
moment commands more attention than the
militaty development of the South African
strucgle, Parliament met on Tuesday in the
face of the darkest situation that has con-
fronted England since early in the century and
the country waited with the keenest eagerness
and anxiety for great patriotic declarations
from Britisii statesmen in which, without any
denial of past blunders and misconceptions,
there should ring out an inspiring, self-re-
liant purpose to redeem the prestige of the
British Empire and enhance its splendor.

Irom the opposition even Englishmen of the
same political faith expected only such critt-
cism as would serve to hasten a consum-
mation of that policy. Instead, the country
has listened for fourdays to a partisan debaie
in which excuses and explanations and petti-
fogging criticism and recrimination have been
the principal features. Well justified was
Augustine Birreli's despairing cynicism when
he exclaitiod at the close of last night's debate
that a modern definition of a statesman has
coms to be “a politician under salary.”

It isnot enough tosay that England is dis-
gusted, She is indignant and angry, The
patience of the English nation under the terrl-
bie trials of the past four months has been the
most wonderful and most admirable feature of
the whole war. The blundering has been ap-
palling and inexcusable, but the people have
demanded no victims. The same mistake has
been repeated again and again, but etill they
They will remain silent no
unless the virtue of the
by their representa-
tives at Westminster. This is a chas-
tence! and humiliated nation, and it
fesls its position before the world with
a pognant intensity. There are limite
{ts marvellous patience and these limits are
reached when, Instead of  stateamanlike
assurances, it hears the Prime Minister, at
such an hour as this, arcue that if there had
not been errors in the Liberal Government
fifiecn years ago, the country would not now
be in a position “full of humiliation.” Ite
patience is turned to dangerous exas-
peration when it sees all but a few men on
both sides of Parliament try to turn the
country’s desperate situation to party ad-
vantage.

There should be no mistaking the temper
of the British public. It is almost trae that
there gre no Conservatives and no Liberals
the country except in Parliament.
is composed of Englishmen

alm and creed is
the British Empire
to the position {t ocoupied in the
world six months ago, To this end it demands
the practicaland genuine codperation of both
parties, and the effect of the futile waste of
words during the past four days {a already
shaping itself Into a demand for the formation
of a coalition Cabinet, which would include
such men na Lord Rosebery, the former
Liberal Premier; Mr. George Wyndham,
present Parliamentary Under-Secretary of
State for War; the Right Hon. William Brod-
rick, present Under-Secretary of State for
Porelan Affairs; the Right Hon, Herbert
Henry Asquith, M. P., Liberal; and Sir Fad-
ward Grey, M. P., Liberal. This {dea will
undoubtedly grow into a great popular man-
date, which Lord Salisbury and Parliament
will be compelled to obey unless the situation
both in Westminster and South Africa radi-
cally and speedily Improves,

There is a vague, populer hopefulness re-
garding the military situation, based scarcely
on anything more tangible than that thera
has been no news of fresh disasterin nearlya
week, Letters from THe Sun's correspondents
with Gen. Buller and Gen, Methuen reached
London to-day. All were unsealed and marked
“opened under martial jaw.’’ They are not
hopeful in tone,

The Frere Camp correspondent, writing
shortly before the Spion Kop movement, says,
after describing the prospective undertaking:

“We expect very heavy fighting, and will
probably lose 5,000 men.” He adds that when
the German Attaché arrived after the battle of
Colenso he produced a better map of the
locality than any British General had seen, and
he gave the opinion that 80,000 men could not
have carrie

The general public expects soon to hearof a
But the military
authorities think that, from the nature of the
is hardly probable for some
Nobody, however, is able to
Buller's
speech to his rroopsin which he expressed con-
fierce ino his ability to Ladysmith
Withir

have kept silence.
longer, however,

masses be emulated

to

in
The

whose

nation
sole politic¢al
the restoration of

the position,
frest) move by Gen. Buller,
situation, this
days at least.
understand Gen, extraordinary
reach
an week

An impression has been created in certain
quarters thatthe main campaign under Gen
Lord Kitchener may take theform of an tnva-
gion of the Orange Tree State with Gen, Me-

thuen’s force asa nucleus and the Modder
River as advanced base. It was pointed ont
in these cespatches a week ago that this wr

perhaps Gen, Methuen's real objective, as th
mareh from the Modder River to Bloensontein
is comparatively feasib-e and must inevitably
A relet of Kimberley

the

strengthen this idea

‘The large
Modder
This may

operate
re(nforcements now
River camp

going ¢

prove to be the main feature of the eam.

painn

|

 

ties, 10,000 besieged in Ladysmith and a large
number of non-combatants along the lines of
communteation, in the commissariat, the med-
foal corps, &c., whercas nearly the whole Boer
enlistment is available on the fighting line.
The additional call will meet with a prompt
response, for the country Is still ready to make
all needful sacrifices cheerfully, It demandsin
return merely that ite resources be intelli-
gently used, Itis not expected that any of the
fresh levies will be used in actual hostilities,
All the additional men sent to South Africa will
probably relieve the more experienced troops
from non-com batant duties, and a large part of
the fresh mobilization will be held for home
duty in a country now being almost depleted of
troops.

At midnight the War Office was without
news of any kind from South Africa.

 

BRITISH NORTH OF LADYSMITH.

Flying Column Reported to Have Reached
North Zululand,

 

Sprctal Cable Despatch to Tak Sun

Durpay, Jan, 31.—A flying column which
was despatched hence early in December has
reached North Zululand. The ostensible ob-
ject of this movement was to check Boer cattle
raiders.

It is believed now, however, that this column
really intends to harass the Boer lines of com-
munication above Ladysmith.

LEAKAGE OF WAR

 

NEWS,

A Traitor inthe British War Office or in the

Cable Company's Service,

Special Cable Despatch toTae Sun.
Lonvon, Feb. 3.~The secret investigation
intothe leakage of information passing over
the cables from South Africa, which was com-
menced six weeks ago, has just been eom-
pleted. It was fully believed here that on a
pumber of occasions news of British reverses
was known in Europe long before the informa.
tion reached the Government most concerned,
Newspapers have repeatedly given what pur-
ported to be evidence in support of these alle-
gations and of the marvellous means of com-
munication sail to be possessed by Dr, Leyds,
the Boer agent in Europe, which enabled him

' to keepin the closest telegraphic touch with

Pretoria. But the inouiry just closed has
demonstrated that in no instance has Dr. Leyds
had the news in advance of the British Govern.
ment, He has had information, however, and
has communicated it to the foreign press be-
fore it was given out here, notably the news of
the abandonment of Spion Kop.

Tho solution of the mystery is that there has
been a@ treasonable leakage of news and the
traitor is located either on the Fastern Tele-
graph Company’s staff or in the War Office
itself. For fully a month past the arrangement
has been that as soon as Gen, Buller or Gen,
Roberts sent @ cable message of more than
usual importance, the lines have been closed
for a certain number of hours, somes
times twenty-four, and even diplomatic
despatches have been kept back on the plea
that some section of the cable route
was interrupted, But despite these precau-
tions, news has repeatedly leaked out and now
the efforts of the Investigation are concens
trated upon the discovery of the exact point of
leakage.

The Eastern Telegraph people are proud of
their staffand confident of theirloyalty and they
scout the idea that the leakage is upon their
syatem, It is pointed out, moreover, that any
telegraph operator desiring to act a4 a traitor
must be acquainted with the War Office secret
codeand must have another code with which
to communtoate with an accomplice in Paris or
Brussela, but the british Government haa con.
tro! of the entire telegraphic system here, and
since the war has been a month old
an agent of the War (fica has been
in the fereign gallery of the Central Telegraph
Office, London. There are two or three routes
over which messages might go, such as the
Spanish cable to Bilbao and the American
eables to New York, and hack by the French
cable, The Government inquirers have satis-
fled themselves that these lines have not been
used by the conspirators. The probability is,
however, that they have been so used without
the knowledge of the cable authorities in cases
where Dr. Leyds had really a long start on the
London newspapers, The conspirators also
evidently send despatches by apevial mes-
sengers to Boulogne and Calais, within four
hours of London, whence they telegraph to
Dr. Leyds,

One man, at least, has been shadowed for
weeks by British detectives. Ho is the London
correspondent of a Parie morning newspaper
which is heavily subsidized by Dr. Leyds, The
correspondent’s despatches have dally been
studied with extreme care, but without the dis-
covery of anything calculated to confirm the
euspicions that he is an intermediary between
Dr. Leyds and the men who are milking the
British Government despatches.

 

BOER LOSSES AT SPION KOP,

Natives Say They Were 1,000-live Field
Cornets Reported Killed,
Special Cab'e Despatch to THe Sun,

From Tar Sun's Copregpon dent with Gen. Buller’s
orces.

RPEARMAN’S Camp, Feb. 2., 8:40 P. M.—A re-
port made by a native at Ladysmith, which
has béen hellographed here but lacks official
confirmation, states that the following Trana-
vaa! fleldcornets were killed In the fighting
last week: Lombard of Waterburg, Grobel-
laar of Bremersdorp, Opperman of Pretoria
and Daniel Erasmus of Magielsburg. One
Free State fleld cornet {e also reported killed,

It ts also reported that the British artiliory
broke seven Boer guns.

The same report places the number of Boer
casaulties in the battle of Splon Kop at 1,000,

 

INDICATES AN AITACK BY BULLER,

 

Some Boer Commandos Reported With-
drawn From Ladysmith,
Special Cable DespatcA to Tae Buy.

Lonpon, Feh. 3.—The Central News eorro-
spondent at Ladysmith heliographed to Spear-
inan's Comp on Feb, 1 as follows:

“Hoer commantos are leaving and the be-
siezing have been considerably re-
duced, The withdrawal of these troops points
toa possible attack Ly the British.”

pITeEW OF INTERVENTION,

President MeKinley Considered the Only
One Who Could Act Effectively,
Speetal Cable Despatch to Tre sus
Pants, Poh, &.—A French diplomatist, speak.
ing to Tar Sun's correspondent to-day, sald

forces

FRENCH

| McKinley, because the American Government

 

fthatit was useless, after Premier Salishury's |

eovlaration tu the House of Lords, foranyEuro.
pean Chancelleries to attenpt to intervene be-

| tween Great Britain and the Transvaal in the |

| would

There is reason to believe lthat the Govern. |

ment will s00n, probably next week, call outa
large additional foree, perhaps 50,000 militia
It must be remembered that Mr.
Wrynibain’s statemen, in the House of Commons
that 180,000 men have already been put in the

Celd far exceeds the available Aghting force,

volunteers

interest of peace.

He went on to say that the only voice that
be listened to was that of President
| Moat Superb Day Train in the World,

The “Roval Limited’ leaves New York, Sonth
Ferry and toot of Liberty st., daly 3 P.
! rives Washington 8 P.M
| Car Service, Adv,

M., ar

Golf, Hunting, Fishing at Tampa Pay
and Florida West Cooet Hotels. Throwzh train sere
Vieu—Vlaut System, 2v0 Uevwdway, No ¥.—Ado,

| Haute,

ee

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1900.—COPYRIGHT,

was disinterested. This diplomatist added
that he was surprised that the great majority
of the American people had not’ already pro-
tested against what he called tha senseless
butchery in South Africa,

THE CZ1R TO INTERVENE?

 

Rumor in Paris That Action May Be Ex-
pected in About a Fortnight,
Special Ca te Despatch to Tug Sun,
Parts, Feb, 3,~It ia rumored in diplomatio
quarters that the Czar will intervene inthe
South African war in about afortnight.

KKUGER AND STEYN AT THE FRONG,

 

Went There, It In Snid, to Make Pence Be-
tween the Boer Troops,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Son.

Lonpon, Feb. 3.—A heliograph message sent
from Ladysmith yesterday reported all well,

Tt was also said that President Kroger of the
Transvaal and President Steyn of the Orange
Free State visited the laagers In the neighbor-
hood of the beloaguered town for the purpose
of making peace between the troops of the
Transvaal and Free State.

It was said that thore were grave dissensions
between the Transvaal and Free State forces
in regard to the prosecution of the war,

Tho result of the visit of the two Presidents
is not known,

 

METUUEN'S SHELLING INEFFECTIVE,

 

Strong Reconnotssance Yesterday, but a

Duststorm Interfered.
Special Cable Despatch to Tre Sun.

Mopner River, Feb. 3.—A strong cavalry
and artillery recounoissance was made to-day
ofthe Boer position to the westward of Mod-
der River station,

The balloonist saw aconsiderable number
of Boers trekking toward Jacobadal.

The British sheil-flre directed at the Boers
was ineffective owing to the prevalence ofa
duststorm,

 

PRISONERS, NOT DEAD,

|
Forty British Reported Killed at Magers
fontein Are in Pretoria.

Special Cable Deanaich to Tag Sun. |

Lonnoy, Feb. 3.~The War Office has received
a despatch from Capo Town, dated Feb, 2,

which states that forty British soldiers who |
were reported to have been killed in the battie

of Magersfontein are now prisoners at |

Pretoria,

 

DEATHS IN LADYSMITH,

Thirteen Victims of Disease Reported in
Two Days.
Special Calle Despatch to Tur Sun
Lonvon, Feb, 3.—The War Office announces
that there were 14 deatha from disease at
Ladysmith on Wednesday and Thursday.

MORE GUNS FOR BULLER,

 

Been Sent North From
Durban,
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sux.
Durpan, Feb, 2.-A number of guna have
been sent from here to Gen. Buller’s forces in
northern Natal.

A Number Have

 

FRANCE WATCHING EGYPT,

Interest In the Alleged Insubordination In
the British Army There.

Special Cable Despatch to Tug Scvy.

Paris, Feb, 3.—There is a feeling in political
circles in France that the alleged mutiny of the
Soudanese troops is more serious than Eng-
land is willing to admit,

The newspapers here are apparently making
strong efforts to reopen the Egyptian question
in connection with the prasent war in South
Africa andthe alleged insubordination of the
British troops at Omdurman,

The Matin avers that England is sending
soldiers from the Egyptian army to South
Africa. ‘The paper says that if this proves to
be true it will induce Furopean intervention in
South Africa,

The Figaro says the reported inaubordina-
tion of the Soudanese troops at Omdurman
amounts tu nothing,

The FErlair declares that if England is !neava-
bie of maintaining order in the Soudan it is
Lurope’s duty to assure the maintenanese of
peace in Egypt.

SAMAR AND LEYTE OCCUPIED,

Gen. Kobbe Takes Possession of Two of the
Southern Islands,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,
Manta, Feb, 3.—Gen. Kobbe, the new Mili-
tary Governor of the southern provinces, re-
ports that the American troops have occupied
the islands of Samar and Leyte, southeast of
Luzon. The troops met with slight opposition,

At Tacloban, the principal town in the island
of Leyte, ten revele were killed. Five cannon

 

 

CASINO CURTAIN AFIRE,

HOSE ON THE STAGE IN LAST ACT
OF “THE BELLE OV NEW YORK,”
Orchestra Doused With Water and Some of
the Audience Wet--Several of the Actors
and Chorus Girls Get a Drenching—
Calcium Light Set the Curtain Afire,

 

There was plonty of excitement in the last
act of the “Belle of Now York" at the Casino
Thentre last night. It was during the Narra-
gunsett scene, and most of the actors were
on the stage, Tho house was crowded,
Aamallgiri known as “La Belle Dazie” wae
doing some toedancing and the caleijum light
in the flies on the left of the stago was trained
low so that the light would play on her,

Near the light was one half of the famous
tapestry curtain of the house, This curtain
divides in the centre and pulls up 80 as to
drape the sides of the proscenium arch. The
calcium light apparatus set fire to it,

Stage Manager Oppenheim, who was under
the curtain, ordered the stage hands to unwind
the hose and to be ready to rush on the stage
to put out the fre, Then the actors were or-
dered tothe rear of the stave, and as 800n as
they had obeyed the burning half of the curtain
was hurriedly lowered.

As it fell tothe stage the audience for the
first time saw what had caused the unusual
movement among the actors, for a great sheet
of flame was exposed to their view, Shouts
arose all over the house, and several women in

the orchestra seats fainted, There was a rapid
movement in the gallery as the patrons there
started jor the exits.

“Keep your seats,” shouted Oppenheim, as
he rushed to the footlights, “The trouble will
all be over ina moment.”

The actors took up the ery and the majority
of those in the crowded house kept their seats
The stage hands ran out on the stage
with a line of hose and turned the water op
without waiting to see where the
water would go. The orchestra players were
thoroughly doused and a number of the people
in the front row seats were wet, Nor did those
on the stage escape,

Wi liam Carleton, who plays the part of Jurry
Bronson, was soaked to the akin. Ashe wore
plenty of clothin the effect was
seen on him. The paint on his face ran
and he was a ludierous looking object. A num-
ber of the chorus girla were wet, but the effect
could not be seen after amoment or two, ex-
ope that their fleshings changed color,

nh the meantime a man had run into the
lobby and had told the polieeman there that
the whole place was burning up. The poliea-
man sprinted fora firebox, making record the,
By the time the firemen arvived the fire was
out. As soon as the andfience saw that the
danger was over they began to applaud, and
they kept up their hand-clapping and their
cheering for several minutes

The ruined curtain was pulled ” ont of view
and the players went on to the finish of the
performance

Manager Lederer said that the loss was fully
$1,500, as the half of the curtain that was not
ruined was worthless without the other half.

All of the women who had fainted were car-
ried into the ladies’ retiring room, where they
were taken care of.

 

LFVDERER PUNCHES SAQUI SMITH,

Flung Him Down Stairs Afterward at the
Casino,

When Fdna May got back from London a
number ofthe newspapers printed stories tothe
effect that George W. Lederer of the Casino
had said that he had made her what she was,
A letter signed Edna May and denying this was
printed in some of the papers afterward. This
etter Lederer attributes to Saqui &mith,

Rmith went to the Casino last night and
Lederer spying him invited him into his offles,
There, according to Smith. he galled Smith
names and finally knocked Wi wo with
right-hander on thé jaw. Th grer picke:
him up by his coat collar andflung him down
stairs, Smith hurt his ankla in his deseent,
He says he will appeal to tho law.

MISSIONARIES URGE

To Try to Get on the Democratic National
Ticket With Bryan,

Democratic politicians who have observed

the course of recent events declared yesterday
that the most likely Vice-Presidential boom at
present quartered in New York city was tho
property of the Hon. Flliot Danforth, Chairman
of the Democratic State Executive Committee,
It wassaidthat Mr. Danforth was one of the
few New York statesmen whose name is known
in the South and West who ts not looked upen
with suspicion by the supporters of Col, Will-
jam Jennings Bryan,
Mr. Danforth was notin his offlee yesterday
to answer questions about his boom, His
frien is said that, from time to time, gentlemen
of prominence in the Democratic councils of
Western and Southern States make their way
tothe sixth floor ofthe Home Life Builting,
Where the offlee Is and talk the situation
over with nin, These gentiemen seem
to be anxious that he should make an
effort to get the nomination,

——

PAYNE FOR

DANFORTII

 

TIENRY ©, ROOSEVELT,
Me Thinks the Governor Will Be the Can-
didate for Vice-President.

Minwatker, Feb, 3.—Henry C, Payne re-
turned to Milwaukee from the East this afters
noon, He had been in Philadely hia attena-

   

 
   

were camtured, The ‘Tagalo slement was
completely surprised by AP ee a orival ot the | ing a. meeting of the sub-committee of
American troops, the National tepubllecan Committee. which
Ge, Kobbe reports that hemp is plentiful yas ono res. Pig SrRnES OR fot me
e ect > ‘ June conventio Mr. Puyne says there isa
ond that trade prosy ec $ are wool, rreat deal of talk now inthe East ol nominat«
ing Gov. Loosevelt of New York for Vice.
FORGED ORDERS ON SAVINGS BANKS | Vrosidet. He is of the opinion that if Goy

Samuel G. Parker and His Wife Arrested
in New Haven, and Locked Up.

New Haven, Feb. 8.—Samuel G, Parker and
his wife, Georgia G. Parker, living at 181
Greenwich avenue, were arrested to-day, aud
tre held under $2,500 bonds each, charged
with obtaining about $2,000) on torged
orders on loen! savings banka, the orders
being drawn in the name of Mrs, Parker's

mother, Mrs, Maria L. Cooke of this city,
and Mrs. Parker's sister, Mra, Louisa M
Kn tt of Elmhurst, L. The police eon.

sider their capture important. Parker has
lived here a number of years and has posed
Asa success'ul New York banker, but nobody
has his Lusiness address and he refuses to
give it. He dressed fashionably and was al-
ways woll supplied with money.

GOV, JOHNSTON

The Contest for the Alabama Senatorship
--Morgan's Claims,

Binminanam, Ala, Feb, 3.—Returns coming
in from the Democratic primaries held to-day
in Russell county show that Gov. Joseph F

Johnaton will get the two candidates for the
Legisiature from that place. This makes

the race for the United States Senate |
between Gov, — Johnston and Sena-
tor John TT. Morgan more interesting.
Johnston has toa certainty, counting seven
hoidover Senators and Russell eounty, thire
teen votes, and be e@'aitns one in Macon and
twoin Morgan county, making sixteen in all
Morgan has sixteen for a certainty, counting
nine holdover Senators, with three Senators
from diatricts which have not finally acted, ;
making nineteen in all, Johnston's friends |
deny the number of ho'dover Senators claimed
by Morgan an! sav the Governor is in the lead,

The rest of the counties in the State will |
hold primaries on April 14, except Walker,
which will hold them next Saturday,

!
GAINS TWO =
|
|

EVANGELIST SINT TO PLISON,

to Go Home With Her Husband,

CINCINNATI, Feb, 3,~John Morris, an evan-
gelist and missionary who eloped a few days
ago with Mra, bh. W, Adams o! Indianapolis
and was arrested in this city, was nel e200 |
and sentenced to three months in prison on a |
charge of improper conduct by Judge Sehwab |
to-day. The woman was allowed to return 5
home with her husband aad her seven-year |
old aon, \

Morris has heen a for j
Neaventy Reeruit Church at Terre ute, Ind. |
The couple were found in Cincinnat) acwinst |

'
'

Woman With Whom He Eloped Permitted |

 

 

missi nary the
ha

West Sixth street. Morris haan wife in Terre
Heard Mrs. Atams metat Dayton by

) Pre-arrangement and came to this city, bring.

Splendid Dining aud Cafe |

|

ing the boy withthem,

florida, Cuba and Nassau,

Via Penna, and Southern Ry.—Route of the
New York ant Florida Limited, Leave New |
York daily excopt sunday, 12402, M. New Xork |
Olive, 271 Droadway.—Ade,

nal

) Green county, ‘Tenn,

} tically

Roosevelt finds that the Republican party
wishes him to be the Vice-Presidential candice
date he will consent to accept the nomination,
As things look now, Mr Payne says, it) ts not
finprobable that New York wil place the Gov-
rnoy's name before the convention for Vice.
‘resident. Inthat event itis said to be alto.
rether likely that the convention will nominate

am

When Mr. Payne wea asked if any attention
Was paid inthe Fast tothe plea that the West
Ought to have the Vice-Presidency, he asked,
“Have you developelaman out here?’ He
says that the only Western man he has heard
much of in the East asa possible nominee for
Vice-President is DO, Staunnart of St. Louis,
Presijent of the National Board of Trate, It
was evident from what Mr. Payne said toa
group who surrounded him in the hotel lobby
that he did not think the West would get the
Vieo-Presidency, He said that when it became
evident that the West could not get lt the sen.
timent here would be for Roosevelt, who is
very popular in the West.

THRE HON, 1 M, KEY DEt(D,

MWe Was Postmarter-General in the Cabinet
of Gen, Hayes,

Cratrrasoooa, Feb. 3.--The Hon. D. M. Key,

Tostmaster-General in Hayes’ Cabinet anda

| retire t J dge ofthe United States Court.died at

his home here to-night. He had been in
failing health for some time, but the in-
mediate cause of his death was a blood

Judge hey was a native of
ant was torn in 1s24
between the States he was

elotenthe brain,

During the war

 

 

 

 

Lieutenant Colonel ofthe Forry-third Tennes-
see Confederate Infantry, He was Chancellor
of this istriet until! 1875, when he was ap-
pointed United States Senator to fil the
Unexpired term oof President Andrew John-
son, Which offes he held until 9877,
When he was ppointe Postmaster-Gen-
eral. @he ovcup! this offlee until August,
Ise, when he ippolnted Judge of the
United States rt for Bast and Middle
Tennessee, He ired from tho heneh in
Is, Judge Key was the father of Lieut
Albert S. Key, Naval Attaché of the United

States Legetion in Japan,

Senator Seott to Retain His Seat,
Wasntyoton, Feb, 4.—The Senate Committee
on Privileges and Blections to-day, by a prac-

Hanis voto. agreed to report to

surplus |

plainly |

 

1900, BY THE SUN. PRINTING

 

 

 

 

 

thea Sonate that Nathan Bo Seott is entitie | to |
the seat he now Oocupies as Senator from West
Virginia, Senator Petrus of Alabama may
make & minority report, taking the gros!

thatthe committee oughtcto take testimony in
the contest instituted by MeGraw,

Mardi Gros, New Orleans and Return,
427.50

From Washington, D. C.. via Sonthern Ry, Tickets

on sale Fes 2eth to 25th inclusive, New York

Oilive, 271 Brood sy 1:

Thomasville, Asheville, Aiken, Augusta and
Kesorts South,
Best service via Penna, and Southern iy. Per
fet Pulluan find dining car segvigas, New York
Ulico, 274 Broadway.—ady

| Members

} captain,

ate

 

LOBLRIS ARRESTED,

Polygamist Allowed to Go On His Own Re-
cognizance—Says He Has Done His Duty.
Savt Lake, Utah, Feb, 3.—Brighain H, Rob-

erts, accompanied by his daughter, Adah, ar-

rived here to-day. Miss Roberts left the train
at the sulurban station ‘of Centerville, where
her mother, Louise Smith Roberts and Colia

Dibble, another wife of Roberts, lives,

Roberts was met at the station by his pri+
vate secretary and a couple of newspaper men.
He drove to the office of J. H. Moyle, the Chair-
man ofthe Democratic State Committee, and
while there, was served by the Sheriff with the
warrant of arrest on the charge of unlawful
cohabitation, which was issued while he was
away, He was allowed to go on his own
recognizance until Monday, when he will give
bond for his appearance fortrial, Mr. Roberts
gave the following Interview regarding his
exclusion from Congress,

“IT feelthat [have not surrendered the place
to whichthe people of Utah elected me with-
out contesting every possible point involved,

“IT feel also that have done my full duty in
defending both my personal rights and the
rights of my constituents, | have merely been
overpowered by numbers and deprived of what
was strictly my legal due. I may say without
boasting that I made a host of friends in
Washington and throughout the coun.
try. 1. am sure that the conservative
element of the United States are with me,
that is, in so farthat they are convinced that
the treatment accorded ma in Cougress was an
outrage, and that the House of Representatives
alone has assumed to do what heretofore has
been denied to the whole lawmaking power of
Congress, viz., to preseribe qualifications for
of Congress other than those
enumerated inthe Constitution and different
from them, an assumption of power that cuts
straight across the Constitution,

“The action of the House is universally re-
warded as establishing a very Jangerous pre-
cedent and one which undoubtedly will bring
about much mischief in time to come.

“Relative tomy own actions in the imme-
diate future I can say nothing until I have
eonsulted with my friends and legal advisers,

“Ifanything could be done that would tend
toremove tho effect of this outrageous pre-
cedent I will be only too happy to render such
assistanceas Lcan to bring it about.”

 

MISCHIEF MISSES A JOB,

Capsizes While Trying to Make 8100 Ont of
Another Tug's Tl Luck,

The harbor tug Petrolia, while going up the
East River yesterday afternoon grounded ona
ledge off Ward’s Island known as Hog's Back,
Her skipper tried to back off, but couldn't, and
signalled for help. The tug Mischief, owned
by Capt. Jacob Reichert of Greenpoint ran up
close to the Petrolia and asked her Captain if
he was willing to pay for being pulled out of
trouble,

“How much do you want?” shouted the Cap-
tain of the Petrolia,

“$200” yelled the skipper of the Mischief.

“Oh!” said the Petrolia’s captain, “we'll stay
right here if that’s the case.”

“How about $100?” said Cant. Reichert,

“Make it $50 and take the job,” shouted back
the captain of the Petrolia and the Mischief
then came up alongside of the Petrolia and
threw hera line, which was made fast, Then
the Mischief started aheal under full steam
She had been at work about ten_minutes anc
had succeeded in moving the Petrolia justa
little when she “got across the tide” and was
capsized, Cant. Reichert and the five men who
were aboard the Mischief just had time snough
to plunge into the river before the Mischief
went over, They swam away and were picked
up minute later by the tug Stag. Tho Mis-
chief sank, r

Oneof the Merritt-Chapman W rocking Com-
panvy's tugs went up theriver later in the day
and asked the captain of the Petrolia if, he
intended to stay on the rock allnight. “We
don't want any help now,” said the Perolia’s
“T guess we will got offat flood tide,
If_we don’t, we may call on you.”

Tho wrecking company, however, got acon-
tract to raise the Mischief to-day.

FIRE SEARCHLIGHTS IN ACTION.

Chief Croker Found Them Very Useful at a
Smoky Fire,

The mattress factory at Mott and Hoester
streets that was gutted by fire on Nov. 3 when
several lives were lost was afire again last
night. Workmen have been putting in new
floors and it was the new timber that was fired
last night. The police arrested William Shay,
5 years old, suapecting that he had started the
fire inthe cellar by building a bonfire. They

allowed him to go however.

The electric searchlights had a good trial at
this fire. First the square light was used,
This lighted up the whole front of the building,
and was a material aid to the flremen who
were dragging the hose up the fire es.
cape. The lens Hight was also used and
an attempt was made to throw the beams
into the basement, It was not @ success and
the light was taken from the engine and set on
the sidewalk near the building. A coil of wire
waa then connected withitand the light was
thrown intothe smoky room, The light did
mGh mene! rate the smoke,

“There never was a light invented that will
penetrate smoke, but the illumination ofthe
smoke will be of great help to the firemen,”
said Chief Croker,

KU KLUX JIN WEST WEBSTER, N. ¥,

A Man Taken Vrom His House, Stripped
and Treated to a Coat of Tar,

Rocnesrer, Feb. 3.—Three years ogo
Charles Benedict was convicted in Weat Web-
ster for shooting aman. He appealed, but the
appeal has never been argued. At about 0
o'clock last night three men, heavily masked,
called at the home of Benedict. and when he
came to the door they seized him and took him
some distance to a spot where preparations for
his arrival had been made. Over a roaring fre
was a kettl: of tar steaming in the wintry air,
Benedict's clothing was hurriedly removed and
hot tar from the kettle was poured over him.
Then he was beaten and left to care for him-
sell, Benedict reached home agatn as best he
could, and to-day, while considerably the worse
for his experience, he is able to be about town

The matter was reported to the town authori-
tles, and officers are searching for evidence
which may lead to the identifleation of the
assailants, Benedict says he does not know
whotlivey are.

PROLONGED STRIKE,

CHICIGOS

Loas to the Men Thus Far #1,000,000-To
the Manufacturers About 83,000,000,

Cuicaco, Feb. 3.-The prolonged — strike
and = lockout pianomakers whieh has
been in progress for tha past thirteen
and a ball weeks will go on record as
oue of the most stubbornly contested fthehts
that has ever taken place in Chicago between
capitaland labor, ‘The manufacturers contend
that it is nota question of wages, but that they
propose to run their own bustuess and will
aceept no dictation from the union. The men
say the greatest barrier in the way of a settle.
ment hae been the wages question—that the
manufacturers refuse to grant a nine-hour
workday and allowten hours’ pay, The loss to
the men tn the matter of wages already
amounts to $1,000,000, while the loss to the
manufacturers will reach $2,500,000 or 83,000, +
QoU more,

COLLIDED AT SUA,
Schooner Zampa Reaches Port in a Sinking
Condition—The Reliance Damaged,

San FRANetsco, Feb. 3.—The schooner Zampn
from Gray’s Harbor for St. Rosalie, loaded with
| imber, ran into the British ship Reliance on
Jan, 26, two hundred mt'es ou Nhe Zampa
threw overboart 150,000 feet of lumber and
reached port inasinking condition. ‘The He-
linnee whic h had been delayed by gales and on
which 20 percent. of reiusuranee wos paid is
fivo somewhat dumaged

Latest Murine Intelligence.
Tho American Line steamship St. Pant was sighted
cast of Fire Island at 1:20 o'clock this m rping

had w,

Fo W. Dress Shirt. BE. & W
Correct in tt.—Ade

An Aecolipyle Applied
To your furnace will increase its efficiency an | sa\e

time, Isborand coal, 147 Beekman St, New durk.
Ailes

|
|

AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION, —THIRTY PAGES,

————— St

 

'
ENGLAND DEMANDS AN EQUIVALENT,

 

|

Cloudy and warmer to-day;

°

 

 

 

Willing to Surrender Righte Under the
Clayton-Bulwer Treaty on Certain Terms,
Special Cable Deepatch to Tue SUN,

Lonpox, Feb. 8.—Mr. Joseph Choate, the
American Ambassador, has bad several inter.
views recently with Lord Salisbury in regard to
the Clarton-Bulwor treaty and its connection
with the Nicaraguan Canal, Ambassador
Choate cabled the substance of these interviews
to Secretary of State Hay to-day,

Itis understood that England ia willing to
forego what she regards as just claims, but de
mands something in return, Tho nature of
the equivalent which Great Britain wishes is
not known, but it bas been stated in Mr,
Choate’s communication to Secretary Hay,

HELD THE &EINS.

Fate of Henry Meyer, Whose Horse Was
Startled by a Trolley Gong.

While Henry Meyer, 65 years old, of 298
Powers streot, Williamsburg, the owner and
driver ofa bottled beer delivery Wagon Was on
his way to Mrs. Margaret English’s grocery, at
B85 South Fifth street, yesterday afternoon,
the horse became startled at Hooper and South
Fifth atreets by the clanging of a trolley-car
gong and started forward. Meyer pulled at
the reins and checked the animal, which then
went calmly on and halted in front of
Mrs. FEnglish’s store. Meyer was sit-
ting upright on his seat with the reins

A DEAD MAN

 

in his hand Mra, English wondered, She
called to him and he did not answer, She
noticed that his face was livid. T'wo men

carried him into the store and an ambulance
was called, The doctor sal that Meyer had
been dead some time, Tle had heart disease,
The doctor thought that the plunging of
Meyer's horse may have brought on the attack
that killed the old man.

NO THIRD TICKET THIS YEAR,

W. D. Bynum Intimates That Gold Demo-
crates Will Support McKinley.

Ixpranapours, Feb. 3.~In response to a
newapaper ‘announcement that ex-Congress-
man W. D. Bynum was advocating the nomi-
nation of national candidates by the Gold
Democrats Mr, Bynum has written a letter
here, in which he denies that any such pro-
gramme wil! be carried out, and adds:

“I believe there are more Sound Money
Democrats now than in 183, and while they
w)!! maintain their organization Ido not think
it likely that a ticket will be nominated, ©The
Gold Democrats are not only opposed = to
Iryan’s views on the money question, but are
afraid of his Popoeratio views on almost every
other question that may poseibly arise, espe-
cially under the influence of the element from
which his advisers would be chosen.”

MEASLES AT FORT SLOCUM,

An Epidemic in a Garrison Where There
Are Fifteen Hundred Recruits,

Mount Vernoy, N. Y., eb. 3.—An epidemie
of measles has broken out among the soldiers
of Fort Slocum, Davids Island, and to-day
Lieut.-Col, C. A. Woodruff ordered a quar-
antine. There are 1,500 recrulte and nearly
one hundred officers garrisoned at the fort

awaiting transportation to the Philippines.
There areare ten cases of the malady. The
patients have been removed to a remote part of
the island and are being cared for by special
nurses,

RK, R, PRESIDENTS UP FOR CONTEMPT.

 

 

H.C. Rouse and H. W. Poor Charged With
Disobeying a Kansas Injunction.

Forr Scott, Kan,, Feb. 3.—Federal Judge
Hook has cited President Henry C. Rouse of
the Missouri, Kansas and Texas Road and
President Henry W. Poor of the Kansas City
and Pacific Road, both of New York, to appear

for contempt by consolidating the two roads ia
violation of an injunction, New York stock-
holders allewe that the combination was the
result of a conspiracy to defraud minority
stockholders out of $250,000,

ALFRED VANDERBILT

 

SAILS

To Resume the Journeyings That His Fa-
ther’s Death Interrupted,

Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt sailed yesterday
for Liverpool aboad the White Star Liner Teu-
tonic. He will make a tour of the Holy Land and
Russia and then go to the Paris Fxposition.

 

Later he will go through England, Wales and |
Ne

Scotiand and return to New Yorkin July, He
was in China when his father died last year’
and was summoned home.

 

FOREIGN MAILS ALL IN A HEAP,

 

Lucania, Germanic and Cufic all Bronght
Them in Yesterday.

The Lucania, Cufe and Germanio reached
this port yesterday morning with 1,230, 680
and 1,210 bags of mall on board respectively,
The firat. load did not reach the Post OMce
until 12:10 and none of the business houses
which closed atnoon got any mail from Europe.

 

ASSAULTED BY A MINISTER,

 

Detroit Millionaire Says the Rev. L, Wye
Knocked Him Down.

Derxoit, Feb, 3.—The Rev, L. Wye of Croa-
well is accused of having knocked down Elisha

fills, a millionaire of Detroit, because Mr.
lilis objected to the minister's paying court
to his daughter.

Mills lodged complaint with Bishop Davies.
To-day the Bishop suspended Wye indeiluitely,

Cramp’s Striking Workmen Yield.

PHILADELPHIA. Pa, Feb. 3.~The strike of
the Cramp Ship Yard employees was declared
off at asecret meeting held to-night and the
men will go to work on Monday morning.

Nothing has been said about the terms on
which the strike is abandoned, but it {s pre-
simed work will be resumed on the old
basis.

 

His Fortune to Buy a Statue of Gen, Stark,

Nasuva, N. H., Feb, 3.—The will of Charles
Hi. Bartlett, probated to-day, leaves the bulk
of his property to his daughter for her life-
time, after which it ls to be used for the eree-

tion of an equestrian statue of Gen. Stark, the
Revolutionary hero, over his Brave in Stark
Park, Manchester, There is a bill in Congress
for the same purchase, and if the bill passes
the Bartlett fund will goto beautify the park
and Pine Grove Cemetery, The estate is about
$100,000

Lieut, Totten Narrowly Misses Death.

New Haves, Conn., Feb, 3,—Lieut. ©. A. L.
Totten, formerly military instructor in Yale
University, fellon the station platform in Mil.
ford last night and rolled between the plat-
form and the raile. A train was moving out at
the time. His presence of mind proved his
salvation, for hae straightened his pody out
and quletly remained there, Three cars passed
over him, but he eacaped with @ few bruises
and a cut onthe fave,

 

William Rockefeller’s Automobile Causes a
Ronaway.

Gnreenwrer, Conn., Feb, 3.-Willlam Roeka-
fellerand his son, William, Jr, went out for
an automobile ride this afternoon. As they
rounded aecurve Samuel Moshier’s horse ate
tachedto his grocery wagon came from the
other direction. Perey Buxton was driving.
The lc rae ran away, sinashing the wagon,
The Rockefellers kept on and evidently did
not know of the runaway,

 

Weather Guesser Devoe Loses a Finger.

HacKENSACK, N. J, Fab, 3.—Andrew J. Devoe,
the weather prophet, while watching one of
the saws in his factory this morning was hit by
astiver from anoak slab whieh cut off the
little Inger of his righthand. Devoe said he
hat enough fingers left to figure out weather
for many years, and repeated hia prediction
that the present void wave will last long enough
to give icemen a large crop.

 

Through Puliman Service to Tampa and
Miami
yia Penna. and Sonthern Ry. Route of tho New

York and \ ,
brondway. dan Limited, New York Office, 271

rain or
snow Monday.

“==

PRICE TIVE) CENTS.

DEATH OF GOEBEL

His Last Wish Was That the
Peace Should Be Kept,

 

MANIFESTO OF HIS FRIENDS,

_—_————

They, too, Ask for Peace, and Swear
I Beskham as Govervor,

When the News That Goode} Was Dena
Was Told in the Capitol Hotel Men and
Women Embraced One Another and
Wept—An Extraordinary Demoustration
of Grief—All Day Long the Town ef
Frankfort Had Been on the Verge of
Armed Conflict -The Goebel Legislators

Had Got Their Injunction Against Gov,

Taylor, but No Attempt Had Beeu

Made to Serve It—Habeas Corpus Writ

for Lon Walker Shut Out of Capitol

Square-Judge Who Issued It Talked

Fight-Jack Chinn Tells of the Shooting.

Frankrort, Ky. Fob. 3.~William Goebel
died to-night @ little before 8 o’elock, The
announcement of his death was made at the
Capito! Motel by the distribution of the followe
ing circular, which had boen prapared during
the afternoon, when it was certain that his
death was a question of onlya few hours:

“To THE PeopLeor Kentucky: It is withthe
most profound sorrow that we announce the
death of Senator William Goebel, In his last

moments he

counselled his friends te
keep cool and Low to the law in
all things, We, his friends and

admirers, beg of the people of Kentucky in
this hour of aMliction to carefully abstain from
Any act of violence or any resort to mob law,
It would be his wish, if
that should absolutely
no stain left on his memory by any imprudent
act of any who were his friends. The lawis
supreme and must in time be recstablished,
and all the wrongs he and his party have sul
fered will find their proper redress,

Jor C. 8. BLackaurn,
J.B, McCreary, Jas. A, Scorr,

B. W. Brapavrn, C, ©, McCuorp,

L. H, Canter, Speaker pro tem. of Senate,
©. M. Lewts, Joan K. Hexprice,
Lewis McGuown. 5. J. SHACKELFORD,
Sout Tree, Speaker of the House,
WILtram 8, Pryor,

he were alive,

there be

Uney A, Woopson,

When the announcement was made the corm
ridor of the hotol was filled with friends of the
Senator, and there followed a scene of 8 orrow
unusual and in many ways remarkable, Men
and women put thefr arms around one an-
other's neck and wept on one another's
shoulder,

THE NEWS WAS HELD BACK,

Some little time after the announcement of
Senator Goebel’s death was made the fact came
out that he had been dead nearly an hour bee
fore the news was told. The purpose of holde
ing back tho fact of his death was not stated
even then,

Immediately after the announcement was
made, and after the crowd had calmed down
somewhat, a conference of the Democrats was
called, It was attended by all the mea
whose names are printed in the address
to the public and by fifteen or twenty
others, The situation politically was gone
over, It was decided that Beckham, who had
run for Lieutenant-Governor with Goobel and
who had twice been sworn in as Lieutenant.
Governor, should be 6worn in at once es
Governor.

BECKHAM SWORN IN AS GOVERNOR.

There was no justice of the Circuit Court
or of the Court of Appeals at hand, and
Samuel J. Shackelford, Clerk of the Oours
of Appeals, was sent for. Shortly after 8
o'clock he arrived at the hotel and was
taken to the room where Mr, Beckham has
been almost a prisoner since the shooting,
The Democrats gathered in that room, toa,
and the oath of offlee as Governor was admine
istered,

It is too soon, of course, to say what effect on
the situation politically this act will have,
Beckham was made Lieutenant Gove
ernor by the Democratic members
of the Legislaturo yesterday afternoon.
The law of Kentucky requires that @
contested election committes’s report seating
a Governor or Lieutenant-Governor must be
passed by each house separately and then by
the two in joint session. Tho Demoe
crats yesterday announced that their meeting
in the Capital Hotel was attended by nineteen
Democratic Senators. Nineteen would have
been a quorum of the body if Senator Hil! of
Newport had not been sworn in. If he had
been sworn in then it requiredtwenty Senators
to make a majority.

Senator Hill had not been counted at all,
because since his election he has tlh
and to attend any of
the Senate. Telegrams from Newport to-day
say that he was sworn
the Circuit Court of this county on Jan. Sl and
so was @ Senator, and the Republicans say

been

unable seasion

in by the clerk of

that, even assuming thot Gov. Taylor had no
right to adjourn the Jegtislature, nothing that
was done was legal for the reason that there
was no quorum pres-nt.
TAYLOR HEARS OF GOEBEL’S DEATH

The news of Goebe!'s death was taken to the
Fxrecutive Mansion by ‘a soldier who had
been estationel in the telegraph = of-
flee where it was expected the news would
first be made known. When he heard it he
started for Capitol Square on a run. A few
minutes a'ter he arrived there the force of
guards atthe gates was inereased and again
the order permitting nobody to go In or come
out of tha grounds was put in force,

Gov. Taylor himself had been inaccessible to
visitors all the afternoon, even when they wore

 

The Hot Springs of Arkansaa.
Owned one controlled we o. 8. erent, Be
n otels, Arlington and Fastman,
T, Hay, Manager, for booklet —adey