elose friends, He wasmore soalter the news
of Goebel's death reached him.

he has been since Goebel waa shot and where

the newspaper reporters who represent papors
that side with him in the controversy.

PROCLAMATION BY BRECKITAM,

Mr. Beckham (waved the following proclama-
tion noon afier 1) o'clock:

“To ihe People ot tee Commonwerlih of Kentucky

"Tt ia with the profounvest sorrow I an-
nounce to the people of this Commonwealth
that the work of the assassin has ended in the
death of Gov, William Goebel and that, under
the Constitution and the law, upon notive of
this deplorable event, Thave qual ‘led and as
sumed the dutlesof Chief Executive of the
Btate.

“In William Goebel Kentucky has loat one of
her greatest and nob est sons, His high char-
acter for courage, mavliness and honesty in
the defence of the right ofthe people lead to
hie destruction, and while yet inthe vigor of
his manhood he has become @ martyr to their
eause,

“T enter upon the discharge of the duties of
this high office surrounded by conditions and
@ircumstances which would tax the wisdom of
men far stronger than I. Know!ng well the
trying difficultiesthat are ahead of me, and the
@angere which surrounced me have already
eompassed the destruction of elvil government
fn the capita! of the State, L hereby solemnly
warn and command that al! violent characters
and militia of the State now In possession of
the city and the publio buildings do tmmedi-
ately disband, Jay down their arms and return
to their homes and ovcupations,

“Feeling moat deeply the responsibilities and
AiMoulties of the situation, I invoke the aid and
euppert of al) the lawabiding and law-respect-
{ng Christian people of this Commonwealth,
and I promise in a legal way, if within the
power of men, to restore peace, quiet and pro-
tection to all individuals regardless of party or
tation, under the Constitution, which I have
solemnly sworn to obey

“Given under my hand at the city of Frank-
fort this 3d day of February, 1100,

“J. 0, W. BacokuaM, Governor,”

The proclamation was headed “Frankfort,
Ky., Executive OMee" The command to the
military to diaperse is a repetition of the com-
mand that Goebel gave when he was sworn in
as Governor on his deathbed.

At 10 o'clock it had not been decided when
or where the boty of Senator Goebel would be
buried. It wassaid that that matter would bede- |
eldedin the morning by the brothers of the dead \
man, The brother who was io Arizona when
the shooting occurred and who started East at |
once, got here to-night some time after the
Senator's death, and afew minutes before the
public announcement of the fact was made

An hour afterthe announcement telegrams |
of condolence began coming in. During the
evening upwards of 500 were received. They |
wore from Democrats in ali parts of the coun-
try,

GOOD ORDER AFTER GOKBEL'S DBATH.

Frankfort is quiet to-night and the pablie |
|

 

 

officials are congratulating themselves that
to-morrow ia Sunday. They are more or leas
apprehensive over Monday because that is the
County Court day and usually hundre (a of per- |
eons come to town from the country districts,
which in this section of the State, are strongly
Democratic.

TOWN IN PIGHTING MOOD,

About all that was needed in Frank.
fort at any time after noon to-day was
the application of #& match to hring

about anexplosion. Al! day long affairs were
in @ more critica! condition than they had been |
at any time since the shooting of Senatar
Goebel. The departure of one-quarter >? the
members of the Legislature to their homes, it |
was thought, would serve to quiet things more |
or less, but it had the contrary effect, appar-
ently, and for the first time the atreets were
filled with a more or lesa incendiary crowd,
The saloons were all open, and that did not aid
matters,

Then about noon came the news from
Goebel’s bedroom that he had had a bad spell
and could not rally from {t. That came very
pear being the match. Assoon aa It was gen-
erally known a big crow@ gathered arvund
Capitol Square; within which are the govern.
ment buildings and all of the soldiers, Every
man was armed with arevolverin one pocket
anda bottle of whiskey in the other,

All the available police of the town were sent
to keep the crowd moving, and as they were
known to be friendly they did not have a hard
job on their hands. But {t was a more or less
boisterous crowd and kept cheering at inter- |
vals for Goebel and addressing foul language
to the soldiers. The presence of the crowd
caused a lot of nervousness inside the square,
The commanding officers of the soldiers were
fearful that an accidental discharge of a gunoin
the hands of a soldier or the firing of pistol by
one of the crowd might precipitate the long-
expected trouble. They doubled the guards at
the gates, and finally tripled them, and then,
asan additional precaution, they stationed a
company with bayonets in front of each gate,
inside the fence. This was to prevent a rush.

 

MAYOR CLOSES THE SALOONS,

The crowd got bigger and bigger in the
afternoon and then, as Goebel's condition be-
came more critical, the Mayor of the town Is-
sued a proclamation closing a!l the sa!oons and
all places where liquor is sold until further
notice. Hesaid that he did it because he folt
that the death of Goebel would be likely to lead
to a riot. The proclamation was enforced !m- |
mediately by the polive against the wild pro-
tests of the saloonkeepers, Even the hotel
barrooma were closed, From this time on there
was an improvement in the condition of affairs,
Finally the police wera able to scatter the
crowd that had clung to Capito! Square, and it
apread out about town. A large part of it
gathered about the vapitol Hotel to get the
latest news from the sickroom.

Goebel's room is on the second floor of the
Capito! Hotel. The corridor of the hotel was
crowded. There were many women in the
crowd, who seemad to fee! worse even about
Goebel’s sinking than did the men, Kentucky
women are enthusiastic politicians, Two of
them met in the corridor of the hotel near
where THE SUN reporter was standing this
afternoon, Naldone: “Oh, I’m so glad my boy
feaway, Ithink I'd go crazy if he was here,
he’s so hot-headed.”

“What!” exc aimed the other. “Wall, T tell
you I think I'd «> crazy from shame if my boy |
wasn't here. It is» man’s duty to he here,” |

The wifacf Senator George T Farria wrote: |
“Am worried about you, bur I would rather |
that you shoul! be brought home ina pine |
box than for you to desert your post Most of |
the women in the hotel corridor were women
of this spirit.

BULLETINS FROM THE DOCTORS,

The news from Goebel's room was brought
down every faw minutes by one of his phyal-
cians. It began with the announcement that |
he had had a second fainting spell and that all
hope was gone. Then came word that a tank
of oxygen had been brought in and waa being

used; then that he was slowly recov. |
eriog, but there was atill no hope, |
As each bulletin arrived there waa the |

greatest excitement, and many exclamationaof
sympathy were heard. Sometimes aome onein
the crowd would start to cry During the |
afternoon word came not less than twenty |
times that the man could not live ten minutes, |
butit was invariably succeede! by bulletins
that he had again recovered, The doctors said
each time that ne was growing constantly
weaker. Finally they said that he might live |
until midnight, but not later. This was told to |
the crowd outside, and the people there said |
Goebel would fool the doctors again. The as- |
surance tnat he might jive until midnight |
seemed to satisfy them that he would live |
longer, and many of them went on about their |
business

There was « comical side to the seenes of
the afternoon, too, Aman circulated through
the crowds distributing circulars describing a
new buliet-proofarmor, He was the agent of
the company that made it and he solicited |
orders. He got attention, too. i

 

| the Judge to sign.

There seemed |
to be nothing incongruous about his appear. }

 

| ance on this occasion. A
surrounded by iutereated |\steners,

  

| sell the armor at $5.26 a square foot, a vest of
he has seen nobody but his closest friends and | it for $25, or a complete sult of It for $45. He

| wald it was better than a life insurance policy,
, and itcould be worn without your opponent
It le said that he |
aot aome orders, but the consensus 0! opinion
ainong the Colonels was that it would bea
sign of cowardice to be caught wearing such A |

| knowing that you had {t on,

proteotion,

Another inci‘ent was the experience of an |
The
| companies had until to-day boycotted Frank.
But os the expected conflict had not
with
thousands of eireulars reading thus: ‘No mat- |
ter how careful we are and what precaution ,
we toke, we are always liab'e (o injury through
Accident Insur-

accident insuranee company’s agent.
fort

occurred, one company sent its agent

the carelessness of others,
ance.” This man did business,

APPEALS TO THE COURTS,

Thechief events of the day outside of the
changes in Mr. Goebel’s condition were legal
lirst was the granting of a tem-

ones, The

porary injunetion to restrain Gov, Taylor,

Adjutant-General Collier and Col, Williams
from interfering with the assembling of the

Legislature in the State House and from com-
peliing the attendance of legislators at the
session called for Tuesday at London, & moun-
tain town, by Gov, Taylor, who adjourned the
Legisiature by proclamation.

The second incident was the issuance of a

writ of habeas corpus calling for the produe-
tlon in court of Lon Walker, the young stenog-
rapher who gained admisaton to the Capitol
Square grounds and the ante-room of the Giov-
ernor inthe Executive Mansion by means ofa
newspaper pass, Considerable excitement at-
tended the attempt to serve the writ of habeas
corpus because it was declared by the (ioebel
lawyera that a refusal to recognize the writ
would be adeflance not only of the courts of
Kentucky, but of the United States, It was
not serve), Tho details of the attempt to serve
will be told later on,

THE GRANTING OF THE INJUNCTION,

Judge Cantrill convened his court in the
County Court House at 1l o'clock, The room
was crowded with Goebelities, but there was
not asign of & Republican present. All the
lawyers who have business in the court sit
upon alittle nlatfurm in a@ Kentucky court and
the Judge calls them one ata time by name
and asks them what they want. Two ofthe
Judges ‘nthe Circuit Court this morning had
for clients; risoners who had been convicted.
One had been convicted of attempting murder
andthe other of robbery. These tvo cases the
Judge set asite until after he had finished the
political business on hand.

CGoebe.'s lawyers present were ex-Congress-
man Joho K. Hendricks, James Andrew Scott
and ex-Chief Justice Pryor. When their names
were called Jud@e Pryor arose and stated that
he represented the people of Kentucky, who
had demanded that Willfam Goebel, who had
been legally elected Governor of the State,
should be accorded his rights,

“Itis hardiy necessary for me to read the
complaint in our petition for an Injunetion re-
straining William 8. Taylor and Gen, Collier
from interfering with the meeting of the Leg-
isiature,” he said, “for your Honor is already
familiar with ite contents.”

“Read it,” said Judge Cantrill, as if he had
not seen it, and then Judee Pryor read the two-
column-and-a-half conplaint, a synopsis of
which was printed in Tak Sun this morning.
When he had finished he passed the document
up to the Judge with the order that he asked
The order follows:

“The pla ntiffs having executed bond as re-

wore fired by other men.
“They came so close together.” sald the

thom. It wasa fusillade, crack, crack, crack,
erack they came. Ifelta shock at myear, It
soundedasifmy ear hal been slapped, the
bullet came so close, One man couldn't have
fired ao quickly, When Goebel fell he kind o'
valaod bimaelt fora moment and tried to reach
his gun. He carries his gun fu front, so it's

| alwave handy.”

 

The Colonel pointed out where Mr. Gosbel
carried the pistol,

“Wall. T said to him ashe was falling, ‘my
God, Bil, they've killed you,’ and he sald: ‘Yes,
T gues they Save.” Then he triad to rales
hinselfand Lsaid; ‘Look out, Goebel, Ile still,
They'll shoot you agatn,’ and just then came
the fusilade. You see, T wasn't as good a
mark as he had been, for I was hopping about
trving to see where the shota came from,”

‘Well, they didn't hit you,” suggested the
reporter.

“You bet they didnt.” sald Col. Chinn with
enthusiasm, “and [don't intend they shall fT

‘ain't hankering tor no crowd to come tn and
| pull down the sheet and say: ‘Poor Jack, don’t

quired by law, the defendants, W. 8, Taylor |

and Daniel Collier, and each of them are here-
by enjoined and restraine! from assembiing
the Legislature of the State and particularily
the plaintiffs in this action, at the city of Lon-
don, in the county of Laurel, and are further
prohibitted and enjoined from preventing the
plaintiffa or any of them from entering the

wlook natural,’ and I tell you what it is, they
ain't Kolng to be any singing arc und my house
iff ean help it, without ['m able to hear.”

It may be remarked here that Col. Chinn's
arsenal consists of a 45 a little over a foot
one, ud4 not quite so long and, handier, a
owle,

TNE WRIT FOR LON WALKER,

Rome time after Senator Goebel's condition
became alarming there was na eeeond confer.
enca of the Demoeratea at the Capitol Hote!
and they determined upon the second
legal move, the fssuanca of a writ of
habeas corpus. Judge Cantril) did not
want to issue snch a writ. and the chief
lawyer of the (hoebelites, Beott, sald that
the County Judge would do tt, A writ
wae drawn up. Lon Walker's wife had
been permitted to visit him in the Senate
chamler, where he was a prisoner of war un-
der guard of & company of soldiers, and she
made the complaint on. which the writ wae
based, Tt set forth that Lon had been arrested
in the aet of doing bis duty and that he had
been detained for more than twenty-four hours
without abhearing or trial and without any
lawful complaint, and that unless he was
rescued by a writ he might be detained tne
definitely, The writ was made returnable at
Ho'clock in the evening and tt.was taken to
the County Court, where JIndga Moore was alt-
ting, The Jucge looked at itand asked;

“Whatdo you want me to do with this?”

“Sign it.” said the lawyer,

“All right,” said the Judge, “but whom are
you going to get to serve it?’

“The Sheriff.” said the lawver

“Oh, no,’ «ald the Judge,” you must gat John
Santry todo it, beonuse heain'there. I guess
he heard you were coming.”

Ile signed the paperand the lawyer took it
and went tothe hotel with it. He found the
Sheri? there. The Sheriffajzaw dropped, but
he took the paper and backed by the lawyer, a
dozen frends anda crowd of reporters, the aa-
@ault on Capito! Square was ma fe.

SHERIFF BARRED ovT,

Asthe gate was approached soldiers barri-
eaded the way. The Shertff held up his writ.

He expiaineg t what it was ani demanded ad-
mission. The Provost Marshal said he'd sea
Gen. Collier or Col, William and went off to

the headquarters of the General, He left the
whole party waiting ontaide the @ates. When
he came back he told the Sheriff that both the
General andthe Colone! wer: too busy to be
aeenandthen asked with asmile:

“Ta thore anything in any other line that I
ean do for you?’

“No.” said the Sheriff, “I demand admie-
blon to these grounds,”

“Tm sorry,” safd the Marehal, “but I can’t

The writ was re-

let you in.”
That ended the incident
turned to Judge Moore, Tre &vUN reporter
asked hin what he was going to do about it.
and he said:
“Wecan't do nothing, There ain't anvthing
to do now but waituntil Feb S. when this year
comes up before Judge Cantril, and then if

they obey auppose all is left to do
{s to swear deputies and face them,
It looks like as if we are going to

have some trouble and if we have weecan have
10.000 men in three hours to conduct it

“Great capital is being made of the refusal to
permit the Sheriff, the peaee officer of the
county, toserve the writ of habeas corpus,

TAYLOL’S WATER SUPPLY CUT OFF.

Featorday the water supply of Capitol Square
was cut off, aud as soon as the small supply
of water in the high stanting reser.
votr is exhausted the soldiers will have to
carry all the water need on the reservation
from the Kentucky River, a quarter of a mile
away. It{issaltthat the supply of gas will he
cutofto-morrow. This emergency has been
prepatoe for by the purchase of ali the candles
n town,
REWARDS OFFERED AT LAST.

Two rewards have now baen offered for the

Capito! building in Frankfort as members of | arrest of the man who fired the shot that

the General Assembly for the purpose of trans-
acting business connected with State affairs
and discharging their duties aa Seaoators and
and Representatives.”

The Judge picked up the order, read it
through and signed it. So that there should
not be any irregularity he said:"Are the defend-
ants represented here?” He paused a moment
and there was noanswer. Next he said:

“The defendants not appearing to object to
the granting of this order, it Is granted, and [
will set Tuesday, Feb. 8. and the County Court
House of Scett county in Georgetown, as tho
time and place when and where | wil! hear
argument onthe question of whetherornot the
order shall be made permanent. Keep your
seats.”

This last was to a crowd of reportera who
were aboutto rush out withthe news. The re-
porters sank back in their seats and the Judge
called up the man who had been convicted of
attempting murder, He had shot aman nearly
to death.

RELATIVE JUSTICE EXEMPLIFIED,

“William,” said he, “you have been Indicted
and convicted of the crime of attempted mur-
der in that you shot and nearly killed
another person against the peace of the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky, You have been tried
by 4 petit jury and it has convicted you. Have
you anything to say why sentence should not
be passed upon you?"

“No sir,” said William,

“The sentence of the court ia then, that you
be confined in the State Penitentiary at hard
labor forthe term of three years, Step back.”

Tho pickpocket was called next, and the
Judge repeated the formula, and with em-
phasis on every word, he concluded: “The
sentence of the court ia that you be confined in
the State Penitentiary for a period of five
years.” Then he adjourned the court.

Tue SUN reporter asked the Judge tf the
Sheriff could be required to serve the writ on
the Governor and Adjutant-General in person.
The Judge said no, that wasn't necessary. It
could be done by publication if there was any
personal danger to the Sheriffinvolved In serv-
ing it.

“And suppose the writ{e not obeyed?” asked
the reporter.

“The court will sitin this town at another
time in that event,” said Judge Cantrill.witha
eignilicant nod of his head,

TAYLOR'S FORCES ON THR LOOKOUT,

The Sheriff evidently thought there wasdan-
gerinattempting to serve the injunction and
he made no effort. The news that the in-
junction had heen granted of course reached
Capitol Sqcare inno time, and again an order
was issued permitting nobody to enter the
grounts anc nobody to leave them, This was
maintained for a while, and then it was agreed

; toletin persons who had business, but they

could go in only under escort of a squad of aol- |

diers, Who had orders to shoot {if the visitors
mode any attempt to serve papere.
would receive the applicant at the gate, He
would be taken frat to the offies of the Adju-
tant-General,and if he passed the oxamina-
tion there satiafactor!ly, he would be escorted
around bythe aquad and escorted out when he
had completed his business,
BLACKPURN FOR PEACE
After the granting of the injunction by Judge

| Cantrill United States Senator Joe Blackburn
He was met by Col. Jack Chinn |

came to town
and other frends and went to the Capitol
Hore!, where there was a conference. Senator

Blackburn told the Democrats all about bis

'

he squad |

interview with President McKinley before he |

left Washington and then he lectured them on
peace, He aad that peare mus
at all hazards,

he preserve l

} him.

A WALK AND TALK WITH JACK CHINN,
After the conference Co!
with THe SUN

Chinn took a walk
correspondent to Capitol

The Democrats agreed with |

Square, It was the first time the Colone! had |

Visited the square since the shooting
friends advised him that it was a risky thing
to do, but the Colonel sail he guessed ho
all right and he went with the reporter and
from outside the square pointed out the spot
where Goebel was when he was shot. Hy aleo
made tho interesting statement that in his
opinion the shot that struck Goebel was tired

His

was

|
|

killed Mr. Goebel. At midnight last night (roy,
Taylor sent for a friend and snnouneed that he
had deci led to offera reward of $500 personally.
He said he eould not offer a reward of State
money because he had not been requested to do
ao by the county authorties, asthe law re-
quires, He woult show hia own anxiety to
cateh the assassin by a persona! offer, This
afternoon the Judges of the Fiscal Court of
Kentucky met and offered a reward of $1,000,
‘There ia little doubt that the Democrats of the
Legislature will carry out their purpose and
supplementthis with an offer of $50,000 re-
war! for the capture of the man

Capt. Davia of the State police, with some of
Gov, Taylor's ‘awyers, made a careful ex-
amination of the Executive Manalon to-day,
au mate certain measurements for the pur.
pose of determining. {f posable, from which
yingow the shot that killed Goebel was
red,

 

REVENG! FOR

New Story of the Aasassination — Beport
That Goebe! Wore Armor,

Frangrort, Ky, Feb, 3.—Senator Goebel,
according to some folka here, waa not shot
down by a political assassin but by a man who
sought to avenge the death of Col. John San-
ford, whom Goebel killed in Covington in 1895,
To-night since Goebel’s death some of San-
ford’s friends have openly boasted thac his
killing was avenged. For nearly five years the
friends of Sanford have been determined to
square accounts with the man they considera
murderer,

It was said here to-night that these friends of
Sanford and others with them took advantage
of the present exelting conditions in Kentucky
to shoot down Cioebel, belioving that polities
would aid them {fn concealing thelr identity,
Until to-night no one had auape ted that any-
thing other than politics was behind the shoot-
ing

It ia sald, however, that men who had aworn
to kiil Goebel because of the Sanford oeeur-

rence were tn Frankfort on the day of the
shooting, and suspicion fa directed at them,
The names of these men are kKnowa, but what
evidence the authorities have against (hem is
closely guarded

Another story heard to-night {a that after
Goevel was shot and taken tothe Capitol Hotel
{twasdiscovered that he wore acoat of mall,
This story ia said tocome from a physician
who also said that the coat of mail had {njurec
Goebel aimos nus badly as the bullet. particles of
steel being carried into his body by the bullet,
The physician is raporte | to have added that
Goebel had been shot with a Krag-Jorgenson
rifle. in which a steel bullet is used,

SANFORD,

SENATOR DERO!’S SKIRTS CLRAR,

He Sald He Advised His Friends in Ken-
tucky to Maintain Peace and Order,

Wastrnaton, Feb, Deboe of
Kentucky denies that Gov,
Taylor has telegraphed him to see
the President and urge him to send a
conimission to Kentucky to investigate and

report upon the situation The Senatorthinks
that some personal enemy from Covington

3.—Senator
the report

killed Goebel, and he hopes that he willbe
apprenended and hanged. Senator Deboe
says, also, that when he left Ken.

tucky he urged upon ail his frlenda the im-
porthhiee of matotaining peace and order, so
that his akirts are of any connection, even
remote, with the u unate situation,

Quit Certainty
For Hope.”’

You may take Hood's Sarsaparilla for
all diseases arising from or promoted by
mmpure blood with perfect confidence that
at will do you good. Never take any sub-
stitute. In Hood's Sarsavarilia you have
the best medicine money can buy. It
cures. completely and permanently, —
when others fail to do any guod.

Scrofulous Humor—‘‘/ qwas in ter-
ribie condition from the itching ana burning
of scrofulous humor. Grea worse under
treatment of several doctors, Took
Hood’s Sarsaparilia and Hood's Pills,
These cured me thoroughly.’” J. J, Little,
Fulton, N.Y. Remember

Hoods Sarsa

 

  

rt

 

** Never

 

   

THE SU

t all times he was | by one man while the four succeeding shots
He guar-

eo } . Y " to |
He was closeted in bis private office, where | anteed the «Moacy of his wares, gad offered colonel, “that one man could not have fired

 

MR. GOULD’S BUTLER TIPSY.

DISTURKS GUESTS AT A LATE SUPPER
VARTY AND Is ARRESTED,

 

Stalwart English Servant in the Household
of Howard Gould Manifeata an HL-TMined
Liking for His Master's

Called In to Remove the Distarber.

Mr. and Mre. Howard Gould attempted to en- |

tertain Senator and Mra. John M. Thurston and
aboutten other friends at alate aupperon Friday
night. ‘The supper was sadly marred by the
indiscretions of Tibbs, the butler, who was fin-
ally removed from the house by a policeman,
and was translated to a cell, where he spent
the rest of the night in the company of gen-
tlemen of lelaure, whose presence in such
cluse proximity pained him almost to tears
andao enraged him that when he confronted
Mr. Gould in the Yorkviile court yesterday
morning he said that he would never forgive
him; never, never,

Tibbs was a fine figureof abutler. In his
presence and his manner there was all the dis-
tinction that could have been required of the
chief of the household staff in so finea house.
He ia nearly aix feetin helghtand athletically
built. His olose-trimmed side whiskers, do-
apite his apparent youth, give him the dignity
and the cold hauteur of one of twice his years
andexverience. He isa man in whom his
employers might well feel the utmost conti-
deuce, Never before had any hint of his
hankering after forbidden things risen above
the basement cefling, though yesterday the
cook sald that if anybody had asked her she
could have told what was none of her business
until she was asked,

The lapse of Tibbs from virtue and dis-
cretion was made known to the servants in the
house before the guesta arrived. Tibba went
aboutamong them saying that he wanted it
understood that in Mr. Gould's absence he wae
the head of the house. He wanted everybody
in it to understand that it was his right toknow
what was being done by every one and to order
any one todothat which seemed best to him.
He interfered with the work in the kitchen,
he found fault with the way the furniture was
placed about the hall and dining room and
grew more and more agitated every minute.
Soon after supper had been served echoes of
the proclamations of Tibbs began to reach the
ears of the guests.

“Don't you dare carry on that dish!" he
would ba heard to aay, “pat it down; put it
down, or it will be the worse for you, It isn’t
fit to be served any way.” Go down and tell
cook that Twant to gee her. Bhe won't come?
Why won't she? You just te!) her that I said
ashe wastocome, Tell her Mr. Tibbs said so,
Do you hear, Mr. Tibbs, Who say# In talking
too loud? I want to see who itis that will try
to tell me how loud I mav talk in my own
house, Here you! Com» back here with that
wine. Putit here. No you won't take it in,
Now you leave thattome. Iknow my rights,
and I know your duty. You just go down
stairs and get more wine for them. They
ean wait, Drunk! Idare any man to say to
moe that I am drank. Thank (God I'm
an Englishman andI don't have to be afraid
of any Yarkee bighor low. Look out or Mr,
Gould will hear, is it? Let him hear. I'll goin
and tell him so himself. Mr. Gould says for
me to make less noise, He's very little on his
mind if that is all that is worrying biin,
Didn't I tell you to tell cook to come up here
tome? Oh, she wouldn't. Did you tell her
that Tibbs saiieo? Mr, Tibbs? Well, tell her
ene is discharged; then she perhaps will
kvow who is who in this house.”

And ao Mr, Tibbs roared on, Sometimes the
things he said were aud.b'e and sometimes as
he travelled into remoter parts of the house
the sound of his voice came as a mere angry

murmur from the distanos, After repeated
messaces sent to him from the dining room by
the servants, Tibbs did uot desist. He was
heard announcing that he would show that he
was notdrunk; he woud give the lalos and
ventiemen a chance to see whether he waa
drunk os not. Before he could be headed off
he appeared {nthe dining room. He qu te ig-
nored the Goulde ant thelr guests, but con-
fined himself to jrebuking the servants, He
ordered the settigg of the table to be changed
and made a fool of himself generally. Mr.
Gould ordered him to leave the room, He
sneered and obeyed at his leisure, Mr. Gouid
followed him out and had a short earnest talk
with him, which was reported in the court
room yesterday by Mr Gould himaelf,

“IT want you to get out of the house at once
and to stay out,’ sald Mr, Gould

“You can't make me go,” replied the haughty
Tibbs

“IT can't stand that any more’ sald Mr
Govld, firmly. “You must go, and you must go
at once,”

“What for?” sald Tibbs,
explanation of this conduct,”

“You are drunk,” said Mr, Gould, “and I owe
rou $70." He counted out the money and of-
ered it to Vibbs with $5 added. “Here,” he
enid, “here ia $5 to pay fora room ina hotel so
that you can have a place tosleep, Now get
out of the house quickly.”

Tibia waved the proflered greenbacks away
with «lordly gesture,

“Humph!” he said; “that’s dirty American
money, Idon't.wantit. If Tean'’t have Ene-
lish money, sir, Twon'thave any. Ton't want

our money, sir; all ] want is my rights as an
English citizen, and Im not to be made to go
Tean flght the

“You owe me an

out of this house by any man,
whole house all by mysel!.”

Mr, Gould is of slight stature boside tho hig
Engi shman, but the threats of violence did
not frighten him seriously. Ife gave the fe!-
low apushthat sent him fouror tive steps down
the hail, “Get out,” salt Mr. Gould in. brief
comment, still holding out the handful of
money

“LT won't goand I can't be put,” said Tibbs,
drawing himself up,

Mr. Gould sent one of the other servants over
to the West Sixty-seventh atreet police station
tonsk for the kindly offees of a policeman,
At Lo’clock Koundsman Kane was sent to the
house, Tibbs viewed bs uniform with scorn,
but he sadly acknowledged the author ty of its
wearer to take him out of the house. He
ehanged his mind on the threshold und the
policeman was obliged to mar the symmetry
of the Englishman's cleancut features. He
was a sorry looking Tibbs when Kane yanked
him through the door of the atation house and
swung bim upto the rail in front ot the ser-
geant, “Rearch him.” said the sergeant

Among bunches of keys and pocket knives
and folding corkserews was a crumpled mass
of greenbacks. The sergeant found that there
was 8loo inthe lot, Tibbs was put into a cel!
withavery much dilapidated tramp. He sant
forthe doorman twice during the night and
asked to be moved tosome other ell aa the
person with him was very familiar ead was no
gentienan. His plea was not regarded,

Mr. Gould appeared in court yeaterday morn-
ing to back up Roundsinan Kane'a complaint
Against Tibb’s, After Mawistrate Meade had
heard their account of the butier'’s conduct, he
aaked Tibbs what he hal to say for himself

“What would any gentleman say, sir,’” ine
quired Tibbe loftily., “if ha found himeoit in
sucha fax IT bave been abused, knocked about,
purin the society of those who are much be-
neath me, robbed, insulted, and have been
shockingly treated by drunken policemen, [

was net drink TIT was no more drunk last
night than Tam drunk now.”
Indeed?” observed th» Magistrate, who

had been looking the Englishman in the eye
with erltieal Intorese,

“That will do, Ave dollars,”

“Butam [ not to have a chanee to prove l
was not drunk, sir,” shouted Tibbs. ‘Must l
flat?”

“Gwan and fight for your country tn South
Africa, They need a lot of brave men like you
down there,” observed Garry Doyle, one of the
court policemen, whispering consolingly in the
Englishman's ear,

“There it is again!" roared Tibbs,
Violence, impetinence, robbery!
stand it. Twill not,”

\t the signal from the Magistrate Doyle
pitehed the obstreperous one down the staira
tothe ail under the court. The policemen ex-
plained to the Magistrate thar che $100 taken
from the pelsoner at the station had been
offered to hin before he was assisted to a seat
in the patrol wagon, Hervefused to sign 4 re-
celpt for it. An hourortwotn a cell soltened
his obstinate mood greatly and be humbiy

“Tnault,

 

N, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1900.

Wines—Polive |

SSS = ouenes sin iniaeeeiieneameneentseetnaneeeneniieis nanemtinisianainibliaanintaonne

I will not |

asked leave to send a messenger to the station |

Withareceipt to get his money eo that he
might poy bis flne and have his freedom. The
money hal heen sentto the property clerk at

+ Headquarters and Tibbs had not been able to

! teyhou
) diagnose

ger it out of custody of the elty up toa late
hour in the afternoon,

TYPHOID IN THE WAR WITH SPAIN,

 

Specialist Blames Army for Camp Pollintion
and Criticises surgeons,

Detrotrt, Feb. 3.—Dr. Vaughan of Ann Ar-
bor, Who was aSpanish war surgeon and was
commissioned by the Governinent to investi.
wote the causes of typhoid fever, has sent bis
report to) Washington In it he says camp
pol uting Was the greates. sanitary sin com-
mitted by the troops, His conclusions are
thatabout one-fifth of the soidiers develoned
fever ANT arniy surgeons Correetly

fewerthau one-halt the eases; that
the percentage of deaths trom typhotd fever

| was .%; that about St per cent. of the total

|

deaths wore due to this disease, and that the
percentage of deaths from typhoid fever is not
so high “if we accept the diagnoses given in
the official reports.” He blames ‘superior

the protests of medical officers,’

 

FRENCH BUTANICAL KXPBRIMENTS

Good Results Odtained in the Study of
Plante From the Colonies,
Special Cable Despatch 6 Tar Bux,

| Panis, Fob. 3.~The Government granted
! several acrea nt Nogentsur-Marne last July
' fora gurden where the atudy an! the oultiva-
tion of planta from the colonies could be
j carriodon, The jastitution was supportod by
voluntary contributions from the colonies,

Coffee's quinquinas and all alimentary plants
were carefully reared in tropical houses and
the cholcest products were sent to China, the
Soudan and Tunisia with instructions as to
how to obtain the hest results,

Much valuable work has already been ac-
complished under the direotion of Prof. Dy-
bowsky, especially in the case of the exotic
plant Kassu, which has been found to contain
wonderful preventive and curative properties
in cases of dysentery, It has alao been dis-
covered that the Hucomia ulmoides, which has
hitherto been considered a worthless plant, is
really an inexhaustible source of gutta percha,
of which it contains 28 per cent

A paper was recently read on this plant inthe
Academy of Soiences, with the result that Prof
Dybowsky was inundated with lettera from
Russia, Italy and elsewhere requesting speci-
mensofthe plant, which is very plentiful in
some of the English colonies, though it has
never heen used hitherto.

Moreover, only the leaves and aprigs of
eaoutohoue have been utilized, the berry being
thrown away. l’rof, Dybowsky in experiment-
ing with the berry discovered that It contained
5 per cent. more caoutchouc than the twigs and
leaves,

ALL

ITALY 18 SHIVERING,

Severe Winter Woather and an Epidemic
of Influenza Ruin the Roman Season.
Speetal Cable Leapatch to Tar Bun.

Roms, Feb. 3.—Italy has su tered durirg the
past week from the severest winter weather
in many years, and the whole country is groan-
ing, shivering and preparing to die. Con-
currently an epidemic of influenza is sweep-
ing over the Kingdom with the exception of
Sicily. Tensof thousands of persons of ail
ranks have been stricken, from the Queen to
peasants, and special prayers are offered in the
churches for deliverance from the peat,

The immediate result has been the ruin of
the Roman season, All strangers who ar-
rived have hastily repuackedand started for
Cairo, Every steamer for Egyptian porte has
heen crowded, the exodus being swollen by
the richer Ttallans. Cairo is already full and
Alexandria will benefit by the overflow.

 

RUSSIA’S LOAN TO PERSTA,

 

Ambassador to Austria Denies That It Has

Any Political Significance,

Special Cable Despaich to Tae Sun.
Vienna, Feb. 3.—The Persian Ambassador
to Austria denies that any political significance
can be attached to the financial treaty between
Persia and Russia. Ho says that the talk
about a struggle between England and Russia
for paramount influence at Teheran is an old

btory which bobs up at certain periods.
Another diplomat said that France was help-
ing Russiaina financia! way. This, he said,
wasone of those important affairs which al-
ways happen when England is occupied else-

where,

 

SNOWSTORM IN ENGLAND,

Some Railroads Blockaded—Similar Snow-
fall in Parts of France,
Special Cable Deepatch ‘o Tar Son,
Lonpon, Feb, 3.-A great snowstorm pre-
vailed throughout Eng!and to-day, In many
sections the country roads were impassable,
and there were other inconveniences
Some of the railroads were absolutely
blocked an! mal) trains on all lines were de-
laved, Telegraphic and telephonic communt-
cation was interrupted in all directions
There was @ aimilar snowfall in parts of
France,

 

BUSINESS RESUMED IN WKENEZUBLA,

Revolution Led by Gen, Hernander Is Con-
sidered Practicaily Over.
Sperial Ca’ le / emaich to Tae 80m.

Caracas, Venazuola, Feb 3.—The revolution-
ary movementied by Gen, Hernandez is ape
parently nearing iteend, Forthis reason, Gen,
Castro, President of the Republic, has ordered
the withdrawal of all the Government forces
in the State of (Gruayana, with the exception of
two battalions.

There i4 increased business activity in all
parts of the Republic.

STEWART DEAD,

He Was Physician in Ordinary to the Queen
for Scotland.
Special Cable Detpatch to Tar Son.
Loxnon, Feb. 3.—Sir Tnomas Grainger 8tew-
art fa dead,

SIR THOMAS

 

Sir Thomas Grainger Stewart, Physician in
Ordinary tothe Queen for Scotland, was born
in Pdinburgh in i837. He waa Presidert of
many medical societi*a and of the Royal Col-
lege of Physicians and Surgeons tn 188-1,
Tle was the author of many books and numer-
ous papers in acientifiec and Ifrerary journals
Iie was honorary Proaident at the International
Medical Congress in Berlin in 1801,

“A MESSENGER BOY" WINS PRAISE.

 

New Musical Comey Scores a Success in
London,
Special Cable Despatch to Tue dom,

Lonpon, Feb. 3.—The musical comedy, “A
Messenger Boy,” was produced at the Galety
Theatro to-night and wasa big success from
start to the finish. All the critics agree in
praising it,

Tho lyrics are by Adrian Rosas and Percy
Greenbank and the music by Caryll Monckton,

 

o* SeSeSeSRS2525a5eS2525p,

White Bread

: a
_ STARVES
MANY |

|
PEOPLE |
The Reasons are Told
y Below
eases |

A piece of bread that is dry, white and
very light in weight seems to the thought-
ful person like so much foam or other
useless and non-nourishing product,

If one rolls a piece of moist, light bread
or the interior of a biscuit between the
fingers, a ball of dough isthe result, with
an appearance of solidity that makes one |
question how the gastric juices of the '|
stomach can dissolve such a wad,

|

 

 

 

 

It is smal! wonder that such food cre-
ates havoc in the way oj fermentationand
gas, and consequent disorder.

Many dyspeptica will find great help by |
leaving off the ordinary bread entirely,

: : : . r
and using in its place Grape-Nuts, in |
which the starchy and nitrogenous sub-
stances have been thoroughly and per-
fectly cooked at the factory before being
sent out.

There is no possibility of the food as-
suming the form of wads of dough, On
the contrary, the food is already predi-
gested, the atarch of the grains has been
changed into grape sugar in the process
of manufacture and passes quickly and
directly into circulation,

Grape-Nuts furnish tue elements needed
by the system to rebuild, particularly the
soft gray matter inthe brain and through- |
out the nerve centres in the body, This
statement will be verifled by use of the
new food. It is delicious enough to |
recommend itself upon trial. |

All first-class grocers sell Grape-Nute |

line ‘officers ior locating camps in the {ace of | and the Poutum Co. at Battle Creek, Mich.,

make them, |

them at her request
says that Mrs. Lawton will make herhome at
The body of the General !

  

Are you running the raco
out one?

 

tion, insures pa nutrition
every part o
vents

is gone.

DR.
Abbey's Salt now regularly

FREE

Dept. 13

G,

 

| The hanual Restainan

How Is It With
YOU?

If you are daily disturbed by a protesting stomach, or half
distracted by insurrectionary digestive organs ;
languid, cross and
can teleep well and don't want to
eat when you should want to eat,
you are ikea man running @ race
with a heavy we'ght on his shoul-
ders. The race is serious enough
even to those who are not so hand-
icapped.

Why not be well ad strong?
Why not have a chance to be a
winner instead of being aleggerst
pe surprising what a difference
a
make. No! Not Caeprinns when
you come to think about it

bbey’s
Effervescent Salt

("The ‘Salt’ of Salts’’)

is one of the greatest aids to good health over invented. This
famons old English rornedy keeps =

the stomach, the bowels and the
liver in an active, healthy condi-

the body and pre
evelopment of any form
’ of discase. In other words, it will
keep you in good health; when
you use it regularly the handicap

Take a teaspoonful in a class
of water every morning before
breakfast. It is pleasant to take,

C. CABLE, New York, atates: I have several patients taking
I think tisthe finest liver and intestinal invig-
orator in the market and I shall certainiv prescribe itrightalong You cer
tainly have a gold mine in the preparation.’

At Druggists’ only. 25c¢.,50c. and $1 per bottle.

There are some people who never do anything until they have to, Don't be
oneofthem. Take care of your health while you have tt
by the daily use of Abbey's Effervescent Salt

Send four cents in stamps, to pay postage and packi
and we wi!l mail you one of the most dainty and beaus:
ful colored calendar creations of the year,

The Abbey Effervescent Salt Co.,
Murray St., New York.

  
 

     

of life with a handicap or with-

    
    

if you are weak,
evish; if you

 
   
       
   
   
   
    

ut why be handicapped?

 
       
    

our favor good health will

      
   
    
  
 
  
   
 
   
  
  
   
 
   

for

 

Retain your bealth

 

of
The Mutual Life

Insurance

Company

of New York

appears on the last page of this paper.

This is the largest Life Insurance Company
in the World.

Its policy contracts are most liberal to the
assured and its record for the past

fifty-eight

years justifies the
assertion that

it is the

Most Successful Life Insurance
Company in Existence.

 

ALL WOULD HONOR LAWION,

Members of the Municipal Assembly Indorse
the Suggestion for a Demonstration,

The members of the Municipal Assembly
who were at the City Hal! yesterday all ex-
pressed themselves as being in favor of a
municipal demonstration in Gon. Lawton's
honor, shonid the body be brought to this city,
It {a expected that when both branches of the
Assembly meet on Tuesday, a joint resolution
will be introduced providing fer the appoint-
ment of aspecial committee to arrange details,
Councilman Oatley, the Vice-Chairman of the
Councll and its acting President, inthe absence
of President Guggenheimer. will introduce the
resolution in the Council, and Vice-President
MeCa}l of the Board of Aldermen wiilintro!uce
itin the Board of Aldermen. The Municipal
Assembly adopted resolutions eulogizing Gen,
Lawton when his de.th waa announced, and a
copy of these hae alseady been sent to Mrs.
Lawton. In spenking of the proposed demon-
stration yesterday Mr. Oakley sail:

“Every American must honor the nameof
Gen. Lawton, and if his body passes through
thiscity it would be the unanimous demand
of the community that some mark of respect
should be shown by the civic authorities,
Naturally, as Gen. Lawton was a military man,
the main features of such a demoustration
woull 'e military, But Gen. Lawton was
honored, not only by his companions in arma,
but by all who knew of bis record and hts
history, Tamsurethat any action which the
city infght take properly will receive tha
hearty inlJorsement of every member of the
Municipal Assembly.”

Alderman Elias Goodman and Alderman
MeInneas both expressed theniselves in -.in-
{ler vein. If Gen, Lawton'’sa nody js brought
here and it does not conflict with the mi itary
arrangements, a essitable escort and guard of
polleemen will be designated and it is ex-

pected that the Mayor will take partin the
de moustration,

 

LAWLON'S GIFT TO FORT WAYNE.

Tis Widow Carries Out His Wish and Sends
the City a Captured Cannon,
INDIANAPOLIS, Feb, 3.—-Mayor Sherer of Fort
Wayne received a letter to-day from Col, Fa
munis, Adjutantto Gen. Lawton. saying that
Mrs, Lawton was sending to that city acan

n 4
captured at Talevera. The letter adds that
Gen. Lawten told his wife a few days before his
death that he intended toship a certain can.
non to Fort Wayne as a git te the people of

his old home town. end tt is now be

Ink went to

A postser.ptto the letter

Pewee Valiey, Ky.
is expected to reach here on Wedoesday. and

all the business houses will be close i
fo lying im tate at the Capito” closed while it

arrest |

 

Ce
rm
G
Go
3
Cc

 

oys’ and Girls’
» a
I ajamettes

For night wear.

\ MOTUER WRITES: “Thep
are not ouly pretty and come
fortable but Oh, the relief of
thow

loop fastenings on the Jacks
the moat careful
t clothes through @
» the complete deatruce
buttons
hiothera

tts for even

 

‘More
know avout them, and how
souably they can be bought’

!
| ought te
ree

 

 

Flannelette........... 69s
Creviots & Madras.. $1.00,
Printed Madras....... 75¢6
Scotch Fiannel..... .. $1.90,

Also Pajamas for boys and
youths, Night Shirts, Night
Gowns, Bath Robes, in fact there
is no hour in the day—no season
| in the year—for which we have
; not the most suitable article of

clothing for children—at moder-
ate prices.

| 60-62 West 23d St,

Acting Captain Coonsy aud half a dozen po-
| lieemen from the West Thirty-se venth atreet
station raided an opiuin joint inet night in the
rear of a Chinese merenandise store at 408
| Seventh avenue. Nine men and two women

who were found smoking opium in the place,
With Charley Loe, the alleged proprietor, were
* Amoog the prisoners was May
arker, the YOUN Wornon Who was shot in @
Mysterious manner four weeks ag, and
Stophe uo Murphy, the man who, at that time,
Wis held under bonds in a poliea court ou 8

charge of shooting her, J bused
dozen opium “layouts,” =e Coe ’