9
CAPE \OME'S VAST RICHES,

GRIATESL GOLD
FOUNL, SAVS AN

Biles of Golden Sand on the Beach; Gold-
Lined Creeks Beyond It sald to Excel
the Klondike Some Fortunes Already |
Made A Misstonary Barly in the Field,
Pomona, Cal, dan. 30 Capt Lewis Bh But

fer, formerly connected with the | nited States

for years au expert for the
hia and a wie

   

 

FIELD EVER

THE
PAVERT,

Geological Surveys
Siav Mining Bureau of Cable
known authonty on the Pacific Coast concern
placer imines n Sants
Barbara alwr several months in the new ouning
field at Cape Nome, Alasha Hie spent August
se plember and mur bh of October. no the Cape Nome
bering, having been employed there as an evan
felng expert by the Pacific Coast Min ng League
and the information he bongs from the new gold
Aeld is interesting. He will go to Washington
PPxt week to seek to have the mining jaws altered
to suit the conditions of the 28,000 placer claims
that have already been staked out at Cape Nome
and to aid the thousands of new claime that will
probably be located next summer
‘There are no mcher placer mines ob earth
than those at Cape Nome, said Capt. Butler
“The distnct wi astonish the world in two years |
more, and will heep astonishing it yearly for a
long time = Why, its output of gold for 1898, its |
first season of washing, was $900,000 greater '
than that from the Wlondike in its first season
And next summer, the second season of work
the quantity of gold washed from the Cape Nome
annds and gravel will be almost treble that of the
Klondike at the same stage of its history. In
pome respects the Cape Nome gold fleld is the
most wonderful yet found Think of men getung
pay dirt a foot below the surtace of the sand. It!
geems like wild exaggeration to say thattwomen |
with an old-fashioned rocker, a shovel eac handa
little quicksilver have cleared $75 9 day for nine
months ata lick; but L knew that to be done at |
Cape Nome in several cases lastsummer, Think |
of going down on a@ sendy seashore, reaching
miles and miles away, aud fora quarter of amile
from water back, and there panning out gold |
worth from 70 cents to 8175 a pan with as little |
Jabor as shaking cormmon sand through a band
It seems like # lovely dream in mining,
doesn'tit’ But that’s what I have seen several |
hundreds of men do at Cape Nome Why, the!
whole beach for seventy miles up the shore is |
staked off in mining claims, and there are even
greater riches dug by more effort and more enter
posing miming methods in the gulches and along |
the brooks that seam the hills back from the shore
line at Cape Nome You may weil imagine what
wealth there isin the placers of Cape Nome when |
California men, who have been miners for a gen |
eration and know from long experience what neh |
and poor diggings are, have paid 850,000, and |
'

has reached his home t

 

gieve

even $50,000, for single claims, upon which less
than a month's work had been done

*The output of gold trom this brand new mining |
region for four months last summer Was bet Ween

B2.000,000 and 82,300,000 That, too, was all
take) out by erude gold miners’ rockers and
eruc rpans by about S00 men Tdoubtifasimilar |

record, all things considered, has been made in |
any virgin mining fleld. Fully $9,000,000 wall |
be washed oui by the Cape Nome miners next
summer, and by the summer of 1901, when ma
chinery and modern appliances for gold Washing |
have been introduce | into the Cape Nome region |
the annual clean-u, will be at least double that |
pum. Oh, there's nothing like the richness of |
the gold deposits in that bleak and dreary Alaskan
country. George Bennett, the London mining
authority, Who has been employed by the British
Government to survey the north West field and te |
inform the world as to the possibilities of meting |
gold from there, told meat St. Michael that the |
gold in the frozen north is beyond humancaloula: |
tion, and that in ten years more Alaska and the |
Klondike regions together would be annually
elling gold to the amount of $75,000,000, 1
think Mr. Bennett is even underestimating the
yearly output ©. T) Lane of San Francisco,
who knows Alaska mining from Juneau to the |
Arctic Sea and has made millions as a miner, |
believes that Alaska Will yield more than 880.000
000 in gold annually by another decade |
* The Cape Nome district is situated on the north. |
weat coast of Alaska, on the south West side of the
great arm or peninsula Which reaches inte the
Rebring Sea Kotzebue Sound is on the north
of the arm, and Norton Sound onthe south ‘The
western end of this arm or peninsula is at the
146th meridian, and has long been known in
geographies as Cape Prince of Wales This
peninsula is the westernmost of the United Siates
it is separated from Asia by the Behring Strait
less thanseventy miles Wide = Cape Nome has had
jis name on maps for twenty years The gold |
diggings are about 180 miles northwest, ar |
from St. Michael. Sieamers land the |
hin rifle shotof thes: diggings
and within a few hours’ Walk of the gwuleh and |
creek diggings. From Seattle to Cape Nome |
the route by steamer is 2,400 miles, and from
Ounalaska it is 715 miles to Cope Nome The |
gold-washing district extends along the base and
aides ofa range of hills orpromontories thatskirts |
the southern side of Capa’ Nome From the
water's edge to the base of the hills there isa great,
dreary plain, as unlikely a spot in whieh to find |
goldas one Wouldimagine. Dozensof tiny streams |
foam and fuss on their Way through the hills and |
empty inthesea. Goldis found along the banks
of iiese streams and in the gulehes (hat abound
in the district, and the sand on the seashore is
@urprisingly rich in the yellow metal, too A
bush or a tree as high asa man’s head is nosfound
wiihin hundredsof miles. Butagreen and grav
colored moss, peculiar to Arctic regions, grows
every Where, almost from the Walter's edge back
through the hilsand ravines. Itiscalled tundra,
and is three feet thick in some places, and very
touch ‘The miners clear this heavy coating of
moss away, and frequently they wet pay gold
right away. The moss is good fodder for th»
reindeer that the United Siates took to Alaska
pome vears ago, butis of no use to the miners se
far as they know now '
The whole Cape Nome country is a gold fiel!t
The auriferous deposits ino the Klondike sur
prised the world in 1497 but Cape Nome is a!
far greater marvel No men mele
money faster than the Nomers have made it this |

 

 

ross
the sound
gold see, erst

lave ever

 

pastyearand will inake itin the next few years
No one knows the extent of the gold bearing
territory at Cape Nome, because all the 4.00%
mon there last summer were too busy washing
gold from the beach or the hills te bose tume i
prospecting In all my experience in miming
camps since 1860 T have never known anvthoius

Like the promise of gold there is at Cape Nome

 

The beach is known as ruby sand. It is the
heaviest we have ever known and is dark blue
All the miner has te dois to shovel the sard inte
a rocker, and T have never own a shovelfu
thatdid not show some trace of wold, while im
aopanoof this sand has wielded &1 dwar
Rardsley demonstrate) tome last) summer

e e he made 80 a das for sixteen days ’

 

 

 

wosbiag this sang. lidepth the sand averag
BS feet an! then bed nu s sities The m
whe base a dozen aeres of this sand is boun ’
getrichonht there Hew much there ts of this
woll-bear ng {n ne howews It mas com
prise tens of thousands of reres before the pr
pectin ceases Whe I jeft Nome thers was
net a square foot of the beach left cian
and anstaked from Neme to Sinroch, a dist '
of about forts two mile From Neme nerth
toe Vers. adistance of nearly 190 miles, the beach
has been prospected and some gold has been
found io all that distance When ame Gway
eeverol hundred minets were about lo go pre
1 vofor gold bearing sane 1 the beach to
the t { Nome 1 the no feason whys
the os beaeh at Nene shenld met he
duplies m the ith toward Cape
Wis! All othe Piime miners are amassed
atthe sold dey \ tie beach sands. ‘Nethir
Vike sever bee nown tn their searches for
the selew {|

th wn a Ve bearing sand is
Woknown, the ares to nehress of the earth
in the bills god gulehes beck from the beach
am even more matters of guess That twrnter
has merely prowked into by the prospectors
Li atoms t paon thatthe golden mites which

sno from tue hills and de
posited on the beach through countless ages
must be found in larger sizes and greater abu
dance i from the shore where they have
Been Wineled Uy Keological formavons,  Evar

heve been washed de

 

one meee

y ever found in

| City

dently John W. Westeott, who has made a for-

tune in t
gold mong for forty years, thinks so
has paid 845,000 each for two claims on A
and Snow ¢ reeks

Klondike country, and who has been
for he

nit

Hutthe men whe have sought

wealth with Comparatively little labor have bee!

giving their altlention to the beach placers
will take money aud management to met
nebes from the back country at Cape Ne
because water cannot be got to the mines 1D
hols ond ravines without the use of flumes
Hitches, and the wood for the flames and di

it

the
ome

the
an
hes

must be brought to the gold fields on steamers

Tt will take @ hittle fortune to wet lumber to ¢
Nome for flumes, and may imagine
mous prices must be paid for day labo
where every tf

you
ene

constenet ditehes in a country

ane

what

role
mar

has a chance to do miniag on tis own account

and make from 810 to 860 a day lucky B
win of San Francisco is now organizing @ ¢
pany with a paid up capital of $150,000 to 7
ecute gold mining io the hills and gulehes al
Nome
are

other
coast and

hear of a dozen
the Pacitir

and |
that forming on
Denver for like projects
these placers have been fed vear after year
Alaska, it will be the most
pendous gold discovery ever known

ald
om
ores

yout

Companies |

If the ledges from which

are
sty |

The ledges |

must be about as nearly pure gold as any that
can ever be found, and | wouldn't be surprised
if the discovery of such ledges would set the finan

| ciers of the world to wondering whether gold

not going to be demonetized.”

What hind ofecommunity is Nome

ft has erown as fast as Dawson
bocause itis so much easier of aceess from
outside world from the middle of April to Octo
it will grow faster and be a finer town W
1 reached Nome tast August the town had
tween 3,500 and 4,000 men, and about
women. Before T left there were
menin Nome, The town is atthe mouth of Sn
River, in the elbow of a wide turn in the ec
line, Shipping cannot reach the shore,
everybody and everything that arrives at
fownonaship must be carried to shore on light
‘The town bas grown up right on the beach
last summer it was an extraordinary sight to

|
|
|
was |

and

the
ber
hen
be |

2,000
mere than 5,000

ake
ast |
and
the
ers
and

|

see

several thousand men strung out in broken lines |
along the beach as far as the eve could reach,

all working day after day as hard as they c¢

|
at shoveling sand into the rockers and getting |

out the golden particles Day and night
work went on, for in summer the nighia in
Arcties are almost as light as in the dayti
Nome is an organized eity, with a Mayor
Council: ‘The City: Marshal, T believe,

was threatening to quit the job unless he
800) The city: is very quiet and unusually b
est. fora new gold camp
Creek and Virginia City in their early days, ‘
Puritanical Sabbath observing
too busy there to scheme devil

is a
Everyone is

uld |

the

the
me
and
got

} 8400 a month salary when T was there, and he

got
hoa

Compared with Cripple |

one
wi) |
rv

and too tired from gold- washing to raise much |
cane when might comes, All these Aretic min |
Ing camps are different from any we ever knew
n the States. The climate is too sever the |
necessity for providing for frightfully cold weather
is too apparent to permit of ease taking and de
bauchery like that we have known in all Western
gold and silver camps. A small company of
United States soldiers in charge of Capt. Craig

are stationed near Nome, and they have kept in

check any turbulent spirits among Nome's pc
lation The winding, lanelike streets
are flanked by rude and hastily-constructed bt

Pur

of Nome

lild-

ings oof reugh pine beards, canvass houses |
cirty, weather beaten tents, and cabins built
in the most) primitive war, with = rusty

hevared stove pipes sticking atall angles through

side walls and roois

seven gambling houses,
a very crude apology for a
pal structures in’ Nome

three dance halls
hotel are

be princi
tut you must remem

\ score of cheap saloons,

and,

ber that there was not even a tent there last Feb

ruars
doubt, a population of 15,000

“Prices for everything run high in Nome. ¢
was eageriy bought there last October for

In a year more Nome will have, without

‘oal
$70

a ton, and it sold for 8515 there even when navi

gation was open

Rubber boots, absolutely neces-

sary up there, sell for 15 a pair. common shovels
for $10, keresone oil for $2 a gallon, and flannel

bo bought for 41.20 anyw
in the States bring 87 in Nome
for provisions vare with the seasons everyw
in’ \lasha Last summer when navigation

shirts that can

} open | paid $2.50 for five pounds of sugar, and

that Nome is cut off from the outside world
price as BS for five pounds Fresh beef
pork sell for $1 and 81.60 a pound; codfish
70 cents a pound, flour is
summer and 50 cents a pound in winter, can

sell (or 60 cents each, catmeal, tbat may be pretty
musty, sells for 50 cents a pound, and twelre-

pound hams, that may be several years old
like hotcakes at Nome for 810 and $12 each Pa
eggs are

them sel

  

for 25 cents each

be had often at that) price Regular me
consisting of three or four substantial art
of diet and pie made of dried apples: could be
al from #8 to &,
it was very eass to make a meal cost &20 \
mn a tent without blankets costae 81) a ni
or $2.1f blankets are furnished. Deer is sol
50 cents «a glass. Everybody seems to

sufficient gold dust to keep him in food, and t
is litte suffering because of hunger
sales are made every day \lotback from
beach some distanes costs $500, and a tot wi
12,14 shanty Wis worth $1,500 or 82,
according tc location, On the main streetotN
rough beard buildings have brought 83,500
upward The large majority of people tiv
tents The demand for houses was such

on

 

several of the Yukon Raver steamers are moored
mneyghboring creeks and used as lodging houses

Afver

ore upation

mining, gambling Is the comm
in Nome. Gamblers, sharps,
mea liweon thear wits lave flocked to N
from Skagway, bawsen, Circle ¢
and from cities of the Pacific Coast States.

Wie
Juneau,

cents a pound in

a scarce article at Nome, and 1 have seen
Lumber is scarce,
for there is no timber within hundreds of miles
It has sold for 8250 a thousand feet, and could not

and by ordering fancy dishea

have

Realiy

here

The prices

here |
was
now
the
and
for

dles

sell
ved

als,
icles
had

bed
eh,
dat

here

tho
tha
000,
ome
and
ein
that

mest |
and
ome
ity,

The

Bertha brought about two hundred card sharps |

to Nome on one trip \dam Mason, who
t) be a politica i in Philadelphia, and who
run a dance ball in Dawson for two years,

ised
has
has

the langest saloon and gambling place in Nome
He pays $200 @ month for rent for the lot upo

whieh he has put 4 board structure

cost about $3,000 And he does # |
offi business. T have seen heaps of gold
on the marble slabs in Mason's place, that r
have been worth upward of 85,000, and there
probably as much more gold in the walrus
sacks bach of the bar. This was the bank

of the fare and roulette games there
rindnebght Wour shifts day and nightrighta
the time

there are some

 

worth 55a pleee The miner

sits down to try bis luek fora

 

 

that
and
dust
nust
was
hide
roll |

he games |

long

Paro hips sell for 25 cents each, and

who |

few hours at the ,

farsor roulette tables hands to the faro cashier |
1 bog of geld dust, and when the cashier,
ha veuthed it to a pennywemht and given a
rewlpt for the bullion, the gambling miner pro |
coeds to draw chips te the amount of the value
of ive ygold as dewermined by the cashier, When
he quits plaving he counts his remaining chips
gad vets the balance of the gold he has deposited
with the cashier Once ina while a miner, who
has actualy wou the ywoddess Fortune, will
goooutoof the saloon with double or treble the
quantity ot gold he took there |
While gold ts more abundant in Nome than
mh any rcommunity of its size in the world
here is very little money in circulation, Some |

 

miners there, Who hare made 829,000 or more
nce last Vay. do. teven have a dodarin money
about ther Oneooay goa week in Nome and |
hot see any mone livery merchant, saloon |
keer, Korbling touse and hotel there has a set

( brass sca hands for weig ing goid. A
man Whe seach oof flour gives an ounce

 

 

 

of gold, Worth about 816, and the one who buys
a alice olba bora tewW candles weighs out so many
penuywelgiis of moi for ia ods. A drink
of Whiskey costs a pennyweight of gold. The
bartenders don't stop to weigh the gold, but
take a pinch from the leathern pouch that the
drinker praduees from tis dainer pockets. The
Niaska Trading Company takes gold on deposit

and gives tts serty rthe same i

denominations

of $2, 83 and 85, and these notes pass among the

merchants for cash Cb naASMUch as the tra:

company takes gold at Nome at 516 an ot

ding
ince,

and sells tt for $15.50 at Seatile and San Pranciseo
it is seen that the company is also making a fine |

} profit by dolug business at Nome

Cape Nome than in the Klondike, because the | lionaire, who gave #

a

 

frightful mosquito pest of the Klondike ia not
experienced in the Cape, still only rugged people
should attempt to live there even a year In
sumuner the sou’ westers blow a ceaseless gale from
the sea across the Nonmw plains and the low range
of hills back from the shore These winds ate
so severe that whaling ships have sometimes been
blown ashore Only the strongest men with good
lungs can endure the winds, and there is no pro
tection from them, In winter the temperature
is frequently at 60 degrees below zero for a week
ot two ata time, and when the wind blows from
the northeast, as it almost always does for four
months, one clad in even the heaviest fur gar
ments cannot keep warm
are a coustunt menace t) the Nomers all winter
long Last summer 1 saw the mercury at 70
above zero for a few weeks, but atno time was the
ground where the miners worked well thawed out

washed upon the shore has been largely con
sumed by this time, is a serious feature of life
there, When l came away there were some fears
that the shortness of the fuel and food supply
would cause suffering in the town when winter
came and built a barrier between the Arctic and
all the rest of the world. Matarial fevers are
common at Cape Nome. A more insanitary con
dition than at Nome can acarcely be imagined
Every few days a death occurred last summer
from typhoid fever One day there were six
deaths from fever, and there were at that time
fifty men seriously ill with fever. The country
sor miles around is marshy, The water is not
fit to drink, as a rule, and when it is remembered
that the digging of cesepools is impossible, aud
that no attention is paid t> the proper disposition
of garbage, it is surprising that there is not even
more typhoid fever

“How did the Cape Nome gold fleld come to be
discovered’

“A veteran prospector, Ho L. Blake, in some
way heard from an Innuit that there was gold to
be found at Cape Nome. It was early in Septem
ber, 1808, when he decided to go and see the Cape
Nome region for himself. He secretly gave his
information to several friends at Council City,
the Rev. © Hultberg, Christopher Kimber and
Frank Porter, The pariy went up the Snake
River on Cape Nome, panned for gold at hundreds
of places, and then Went over to Anvil Ccreeh,
where they found gravel that went 84 to the pan
In seven other spots they found dirt that ran even
better to the pan. It was getting cold, and the
Blake pariy, Without setting a claim stake, or
making any legal claim, went back to Council
City On the way back each one in the party
agreed not to reveal the discovery until the next
spring, When they would return to Cape Nome
and make themselves masters of the richest paris
of the new gold country, But Mr Hultberg
a Lutheran missionary, had a friend, named
Anderson, another Lutheran missionary,  Hult-
berg let Anderson into the secret, and Anderson
straight Way organized a party tosail immediately
to Cape Nome no matter what the climate— and
make some claims to the golden Wealth, Now
the party led by Anderson Went more energetically
at prospecting and making its mining claims
than the Blake party had done. In spite of a
blizzard and forming ice Anderson and his six
companions Went over the hills and gulehes at
Cape Nome. They found even richer spots for
digging gold than the Blake party bad done, For
five days they Worked with little sleep and rest
They staked out claims for themselves and their
friends, panned out about $1,600 in gold and then
bastened back to Council City to Wait for spring
They had no reason to keep their discovery secret
and ina few weeks the news of the gold find had
travelled to camps of other prospectors over (wo
hundred miles from Council City.

“All last Winter there Were parties of prospectors
going to Cape Nome on sleds and behind teams
of dogs and reindeers. The wonderful hold that
gold has upon a miner Was never more strongly
lustrated than by the stampede of miners to
Cape Nome across several hundred miles of snow
and ice, through blinding blizzards that no one
but) gold crazy men would dare brave, and in
a temperature of about 50 degreea below zero
About four hundred men reached Cape Nome last
January and lived there in tents till spring, in
different to the awful climate so long @s they were
early on the ground and could make their mining
claims before the spring rush set in. I saWsome
grizzled old fellowsin Nome, who told me that they
had tramped to the new digvings from points on
Kotzebue Sound about two hundred miles distant
in the dead of the last Arctic Winter, ‘They had
carried packs of blankets and camp utensils on
their backs, had slept in snow When the mercury
was about 60 zero, and had sometimes
travelled (\wenty miles a day Without a bite of food
As for Warm food, some of these men did not eat
amorsel from start during a ten
days’ tramp along the wind-driven Western const
of Alaska to Cape Nome. It seems to me thatl
never heard of sufferings and privatious like those
these hardy mining veterans endured to get to
the new diggings. Noone who has never been in
the Arcac regions knows Whatan awful experience
itis to travel on footin the dense darkness of those
latitudes: in Winter I wonder that any of the
old fellows ever lived vo tell of their ex perience,

“Who are getting richest at Cape Nome? They
ere almost wholly Amencans, and the greater
part of them are men trom the Pacifie States
‘The percentage ol intelligent miners at (Cape
Nome is far ahead of thatin the Klondike dur
img its first two years of activity, T found in
Cape Nome bundreds of young men who had
gone t the Klondike and Copper Raver mining
regions only to be disappointed. The richest
man there is Loren M. Gardner. He came orig-
inally from a little New Jersey town, but he has
mined in California and Oregon for twenty years
lie never made more than 4 living for himself
and family until he went to Cape Nome tle
went there early last February from St: Michael,
where be lived ina hut after he had left the Klon
He hed about £400, so he told me,
lits Klondike expenence
was valuable to him) He took up a claim and
bought two more for $100 each at Nome All
three have proved very rich, One of the claims
he bought he declined to sell two months later
for 835.000, He knows how to make native
Innuits work, and last summer he had thirty of
them getting out gold for hin lle bas
since bought half and third interests in’ other
claims, and now he bas property Uhat altogether
18 at least $400,000, He sent down to
Seattle on the steamer Hertha bullion that seld
at the San Francisco mint for 847,000; besides
he kept a lotof his gold back for investment and
for working his properties at Cape Nome
Price, a San Franciscan less than
is walking into a millionaire’s

below

to finish

 

 

dike country
when he got to Nome

worth

“Gabriel
thirty years old
place up there
braved three Arctic winters,
more hardships all over the
region and along the Yukon River in his seareh-

and has endured

‘ings for gold than a multitude of men do ina

period of long warfare, Tle has bought several
claims down on the beach that have Yielded him
700 and SOO percent on bis investment, four
Jots that he owns on Anvil street at Nome bring
ing bum $250 and 8350 a month each, in: ground
The lots probably cost him altogether
Jie must have cleared up $80,000 as the
and he's

rent
S50
result of bis first year at Cape Nome.
only begun ty get wealthy

"A Lutheran the Rev,
Anderson, is one of the richest men in Cape Nome
He has been employed as 4 missionary among
the natives for ten years, and heknows the Helr
ing Sea remion of Alaska thoroughly. He led she
first party that made eims at Cape Nome. He
has two claims on (Glacier Creek, and he bought
another on Dry Creek. ile is a wonderful man
of ene and ceaseless labor For
aunimer he Sleptless than three wours out of each
twenty-four Ile managed men, wh
worked in eight-hour shifts on his claims all the
time for four months, and he woes out by work
two young men whom he employed as hia ac
countants, He sent te San brancisco some G00
pounds of gold at our time last \ugustand there
were several larger shipment of his later in the
season. ileus believed to be worth about $250,
oo0 pow, butal bis aims continue to yield gold
for a few years more His property is worth three
orfourtimes that, Anderson was born in Sweden,
but be came tromSeratiton, Pa, toCaliforna, and
he has been # missionary on 4 3600 4 year salary
ip Alaska since 1800.) He siys that he intends
to give twenty per cent. of his gold to missiona
in his chureh

missionary Joseph

 

weeks last

 

twenty

Frozen feet and hands |

' ‘Phe lack of fuelin Cape Nome, now that the debris |

lie deserves his luck, for he has |

Kotzebue Sound |

 
 

'
000 in 1806 to the Bryan |

 

silver cause, is adding larwely to his riches in
the Cape Nome district. it is said at Nome that
the Lane party got out some 8200,000 worth of gold
Jast summer, and that the claims can be worked |
at the same percentage of profit for six or more
Years to come. Mr. Lane spent over 845,000 be. |
fore his men found gold in any quantity, He
owns much real estate in Nome that he got for a
song, and it alone will surely be worth several
hundred thousand doilers in less than a year more,
when the boom is on there

| might Naine A score or more men who were
worth &100 of $400 sixwen months age and who
are worth now 835,000, $40,000 and 650,000 by
getting to Nome early and tinding good claims. |
A young fellow, Diek Hastings, who was a wiper |
in the raviroad roundhouse in Akron, Ohio, two
years ago, and whe threw up his job to go to the
Klondike, got out 83,000 in one week rocking the
gold bearing sand on the beach at Nome while
1 was there, Japhet Linderberg, who was a
stationary engineer at Cripple Creek, Col, and
18 Also a former Klondiker, has probably the very
richest single claim at Cape Nome He lives
ina hut, dresses like a tramp, and would be ar
rested for vagrancy in any city of the United
Stas, Yet he took out some $90,000 worth
of gold from his claim between last May and Oc
tober He was one of the six men who accom-
panied Anderson to Cape Nome. He sent last
summer by a friend some 200 pounds of gold to
his wife in Denver, Col, as a birthday gift. Ole
Svenson, a middie aged Swede, who has knocked
about all the mining camps from Klondike to
Tombstone for twenty years, is another who has
leaped intoriches. tle has had more hardships
and adversity in the last ten years than few men
have inalifetime, but he has clung to the belief
that some day he would strike it rich, It seems
that a clairvoyant told him years ago that he
would become a millionaire, where he must risk
his life and suffer fearful privations, So he
went to Alaska believin that was the region the
clairvoyant had in mind, He almost died from
freeving in Dawson City, and he lost part of a
foot and an ear by the cold there. But he stayed
by Alasia. He has two claims on Rock Creek,
and Thad it that he sent 700 pounds of gold to
the mint last Summer and has now 4s much more
ready forshipme:nt when navigation reopens,

“Among the men who have done mighty well
by going to Nome is Dr Edward A. Sanders,
and the way he came to go to his fortune is curi
ous, He at Harvard University in 1496
and 1897, and he went directly from Boston to
Dawson in Sentember, 1497. He was a medical
student, less than twenty three, and he believed
he would do well at Dawson. He made money
fast there, and put bis earnings, some $16,000,
Into a gold mine, to which seme one else made
legal claim after the young doewr had paid
his money for it The tlde of the mine was at
last decided in the other man's favor, whereupon
Dr Sanders last May angrily pieked up bis pro

Was

fessional effects and left the Klondike region
oniy too anxious to get out of the country He
went 2.000 miles down the Yukon to St. Michael
on the first boat of the season. ‘There he was

persuaded to stay until the next boat down the
vast might give surgical help to a
man wholad had both feet frozen, It was found
that the man was slowly dying of bload poison
ing. In the young doctor for
Nis help he told him he had been secretly
Informed was a rich unclaimed area of gold bear
{ng dirt on Dexter Creek at Cape Nome. The
dying man showed a bottle of gold nuggets that
had been dug there by a friend, who for reasons
had gone to another locality, keeplngg the secret
of the find to himself. In the early days of
last July Dr. Sanders reached Nome, and the |
day following his arrival he had located the claim
nd staked itentas hisown, He had some tapi. |
tal, and with that he set several men to work
for him. At two feet below the surface gold
was found that ran 82.50 t) the pan In a week
the doetor had got $3,000 In gold dust One
nugget, the larcest found in the Cape Nome dis
trict summer, Was taken from his claim
It weighed a pound and a half. A miner on the
beach was dying of typhoid fever, and the doetor,
abandoning al! hisown gold operations, wentand
nursed the poor fellow till he died A few hours
before death the miner, a German bachelor, willed
an unworked claim of hla own on Anvil Creek
to the doctor “That has prowed even richer than
the claini the doctor himself took up C.D. Lane's
agent offered Dr. Sanders $60,000 for ft when
{1 had been only seratched fnte. The Portland
brought down to the San Francisco Mint about |
$24,000 worth of ir. Sander’ s gold, and he had
turned over less than one twobundredth part
of elther of his two claims. If his gold-bearing
dirt holds out three sears more as it has done
the past season be will be a half millionaire be-
fore he is twenty eight’

so that he

his gratitude to
where

last

ACTIVITY OF THE LAWMAKERS,

Some Corions Statutes Passed by the Legis-
Intures of Various States,

 

A Georgia statute makes it unlawful for any
one to fire a gun or # pistol on Sunday in the

Cracker State A. statute of Colorado makes
it unlawful te dock a horse's tail \
Florida statute makes the manufacture and

sale of cugareties a misdemeanor unless they
are filled with Cuban or Florida tohaceo. A
Massachusetts law makes it a misdemeanor for
the period of three years following the adopticn
of the statute to shoot an eagle in that State |
and Michigan has adopted a system for the State
regulation of barber shops bv creating a Board
of Barbers and making o'igatory an official
certificate for barbers, The State of Penney |-
vania has a statute regulating the use of seeoud-
hand bottles, Missouri has a statute for the in-
spection of mait liquors, Ores on has a law as
to the composition ef and the ngredients tbat

 

may be used in candy and iimois has a law as
to gold and silver plating, prescribing what may
be done and what is prohibited in respect to the
sale and display of plated ware in that State
These are but a few of the statutes adopted
by State Leristatures within the period of a year
and are a fair sample of the solicitude which is
at times shown by legislators in vanous States
in their effort to protect publie health, morals
and good order, provide against the guile of un
Tighteous persous and secure to the people
of their respecuve States the full enjoyment of
their “life, liberty and pursuit of happiness,”
The last Wisconsin Legisiature adopted a statute |
regulating joobying \ public register is to |
be kept contaaing the names of all lobbyists, |
the various bills to oppose of promote which they
are employed and the names of the individuals |
by whom they are emploved

Within thirty ys alter the adjournment of the
Legislature persons or corporations employing |
lobbyists must make a detailed statement of ex- |
penditures te the Secretary of State at Madison
North Carolina has a law relating to the lease
|

or corporations

  

 

vf turpentine orchards which provides that leases

shall expire in January instead of April, as was

formerly the case, California has 4 statute regu |
lating the sale of what is called officially reno |
vated butter and the State of Washington has

a law which requiress the capacity of muk cans |
to be stamped upon the outside of each by the
town auditor Missourt, now the great pouliry
State, bas a State Pouliry Association, and In
diana has a statute making it larceny to steal a
dog listed for taxes. Vermont has a new bounty

 

law prov. ge for the paynmygat of 84 foreach lynx,
8! for eoeu ratdesnake a 60 cents for each fox
killed in the State Missouri has adopted a |
Jew requiring mivers to have certificates of com |

  

bas provided for the estab
ishment of boards of examiners of horseshoers
in cities of more t 20,000 inhabitants and Dela
ware has adopted a statute of somewhat prosaic |

wtence, Washing

 

 

 

| character whiel requires gypsies to pay a license

that state

In no hasadopted ¢ law to prevent Iwnehing
The penalty for actively nmiding or abetting is |
fixed at life imprisonment or death = If y per

fee

 

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

son is taken from the custody of an officer and |
Ivneched the fact made prime facie evidence
vin failure on the part oof the officer to perform
his duiva it thereupon becomes the duty of the
m , ing Mtorney and t! Attornes

Gereret

  

t fe cmpenetiment procoedings against him
oe hata law which nokes the building

{ ® more than six feet high a nuisance if

“te ond the same State has adopted statutes

    

nptinae wateles and

 

hievcles from execution

 

  

Tennessee Las adopted a statute which makes
ite felony “to keep a place for playing craps”
and Wrow © statute preseribirg a fine for |

wearing a hatata theatre orother indoor amuse. |
vneer State

    

ment. Wroming is the p in the
adoption of Seman suffrage
Cautious Procedure,
Piom the Ind anopolie Pres j
“Colonel, if you caled a man a liar, you |

would surely expecta fight, woud you not?”
si the stranger from the North. }
No, aah’ replied the Colonel, “We don't |
call aman alah down heah until we have shot
him fust, sah, 8 full of holes that there is no

  

} “While ted summer season is more tlerable ab) “Charles I. Lane, the California mining aul- | fight in him, sah.”

83,511; royalty on Gospel Hyoins, 86,257

! course, is to inspect her reem

 

DWIGHT MOODY'S SCHOOLS,

ONE FOR GIRLS AT NORTHFIELD; ONE
TOR BOYS AD MOUNT UERMON,

 

Scope of Instruction Given at the Tnetitu-
tlons-The Extent of the Plante Moody's
Pinos in Building Them--The Scheme
for Keeping Them in Feistence,
NorTHFIELD, Mass, Feb 3 When one

travels down the Connecticut Valley, he notices

agroup of academic buildings within the shadow
of the Northfield hills, A little further on he
sees another group of similar buildings, perched
bigber on a bill, and at first he thinkathese to
be the same cluster broug!t ege” into view by

a curve) in the road. But they are really

separate achools ‘The group firat noticed is

the Northfield sehoolfor girls, and the other, at

a safe distance of three miles is the Mount Hermon

school for young men ‘Theae are the famous

achools founded by Dwight 1. Mooly, and were
his especial pride, At Northileld are held
the summer conferences of Christians, which have
received wide attention

Mr Moody's avi wed object Starting the
schools was to give a Cliristian education to those
who otherwise could not afford it, At the yirls’
school there are enrolled 870 pupils, and at the
young men's, 413. Mr. Moody's death caused
anxious solicitation as to what would become
of the schools Every effort is being made to

make their foundation secure. To thisend 4

whole army of helpers is being rallied all over

the world. he first purpose is to raise a Moods
memorial endowment fund of $3,000,000, to carry
them on after the manner of their present man
agement. There has been pledged already

850,000 by one person, and many other large

subscriptions are expected soon Ata meeting

held in New York recently, at which the trustees
of all the schools, including that in Chicago,
were represented. it was voted unanimously to
continue the work of education just as it had
been done, carrying on the schools and the sum
mer conferences after the present method \
this meeting an advisory committee was ap
pointed to have chorge of the endowment fund,
the interest to make up the deflcieney which re
sults from charging ooly $100 for tuition when
the cost is $200) Mr. Moody persistently refused
to increase the tuition lest by se doing he shold
turn away the very young men and women he
wished to help

The Advisory Committee is composed of Willlam

EF. Dodge, James Talcott, Morris kK. Jesup, Anson

Phelps Stokes, To Wo MeWilhams, D. Willis

James, John S. Kennedy and Tra D. Sankey of

New York, John Wanamaker and Jolin H. Con

   

tan

in

verse of Philadelphia, Cyrus MeCormack and
E.G. Keith of Cluicago, Charles A. Hopkins of
Boston, and Francis White of Baltimore, with
power to add to their number from the ciuies of the
United States and Caneda From these were
chosen a8 & jinance committee Messrs. Taloott
Jesup and Stokes Mr. MeWilliams was added
to the committee as treasurer of the fund

‘

for 1000, based on the treasurers
report of the last school year for the running ex

The estimates

 

penses of both schools, are as follows

Mount Hermon Valuation of grounds and
bulldings, $426,517. Running expenses Sala
ries, boarding students, Ac , &S1,487. Receipts
Board and tuition of students 434, Income
from endowments and invested funds, §11,250
rovalty on Gospel liymns, $5,257; raised by dona
tions, $27,066

Northfield Seminary Valuation of grounds

and buildings, 8873,722. Running expenses

Salaries, boarding students, &e, S71,440.) Re
ceipts Board and tuition of students, 882.514
income from endowments and finds,
sundry

Invested

other sources, 83,057, raised by donations, 827,071
From these figures it will be seen (hat 827,000
is needed for both Mount Hermon and Northfield
seminaries for running expenses. Perhaps no
better idea can be given of what these schools are
doing and are striving to attain than is teld by
two graduates, one of Mount Hermon and the
other of Northfield, in sketches which were pub
lished as prize sketches recently in the Northfield
Behoer. Every pupil is required to work at least
one houra day, and all the work except the severest
manual labor is done by them \ new student
enters Mount Hermon fully expecting to be hazed,
and is surprised to be heartily greeted with offers
of help by the older pupils. Then he is furthersur
prised tha! the honesty of all is taken for granted
Money for stamps is left without fearat the publi
letter bos, and doors are not t night
That there is little time for loafing can be seen
from the dally programme
at6O A.M, and in fifteen minutes a student, who
is officer of the floor, makes a tour of the rooms to
see thatall are up. For twenty

locked a

Che pupil has to rise

minutes there is

“silent ume” for private devotion \t 7 oclock
comes breakfast in the lange dining hall, @ sepa
rate building, with long tables, the boys doting the
work, including baking 4nd waiting under the
direction of @& hired cook. Twenty minutes ts
given for breakfast, after which beas are made and
rooms cleaned Between 7 40and TL S0 \. M. are
study and récdiation periods At 11b55) come
chapel exercises lasting about balf an hour At

12:80 is dinner. At 1:20 comes work tine, which
lasts unul 820 PO OM., and then study or other
duties until 430, when the time until 6 P.M. is
given for recreation. At 6o'clock Is supper, devo-
tion being held just before the meal, and at 7 there
is study for two hours. Class prayer meetings
are held at 9 o’cloek on Thursdays. Prom #30
to 10 o'clock is evening “silent time.” aad at 10
PM Lights are out and there ds inspection by the
floor officer. In few educational instituuiens does
the democratic spirit prevail so largely

\ certain: youth with arstecratic ideas and
dress was met one day by one in authority and
suddenly requested to co and catch a pig that bad
broken bounds. tle obeyed and was soon seen
running round after the squealing fugitive, holding
its hind legs, and his cuffs having slipped from
his own wrists were adorning the legs of the cap-
tive, much to the amusement of the onloeker
The work whieh the students have to do consists
of farm work, m lking and caring for the cows
and there isalarge herd oof cleaning and caring
for the horses, feeding pigs and chickens, making
butter and sawing wood, driving teams, garden
work and caring for the lawns, also sweeping,
mopping, care of furnaces, werk in the dining
room and kitchen and laundry, and work in the
blacksmith, carpenter, paint and harness shops
and in the canning establisiiment, which has
recently been started for canning the farm fruits
But the boys have time for sports, baseball foot
ball and tenmis, although they are not allowed
to play with teams from out of town
two debating socieues and astrong Young Men's
Christian \ssomation, the students doing much
Christian work in surrouncing places

\t Northfield ws the same kindly welcome to the
new students The first thing a girl does, of
and ina jiffy with
the mysterious art of womanshe makes outof bare
floor and walls a coses and pretty littl: apartment
where she reigns supreme all her dass at sehool

 

 

 

 

Like her bretoor sie las te work an hour a day
but only such as ts a woman's part The daily
yrogramme is sinular. except she has whal the
{ ys de not, a fine iastum. In summer are
delightful walks, tenms and rowing on Wana
maker Lake. named for John Wanamaker of

Philadelphia, who bas contributed liberally te the

schools, and in the Winter there is prime coasting
on rippers” pushed aud steered by girls, and
skatin

Of the pupils at Mount Heomon 130 came from

   
   
 

Massachusetts, 108 from New York, 63 eon
Connecticut, VW from. Tbr, Californ Wr
two representatives, brmland tiv Tenan four
wway and Swe ‘ each, and al t every
country on the globe hae one or more represer
wives. ‘The same propertion t) Northfield
Seminary helds geod = Many came fron the

i Northfleld Tt was these

 

farming distret aron

  

 

 

  

 

young men aud women that Mr  Meowdly teal

mind wher he established the sch { 471 V8

all around him. net only at} over the countrys

his travels, but right near tis tome Nort

field, voung men and women whe were cutferine

through povects lnek " tt was

to his mind waste meterial that ought te be put

to use. Many at Mout . ke

in stores or already lev fith

of the students enter sone s “0

At the seminar’ ¢ suSt

be at least bo vears old, ¢ m
;oone vear olde \t firs tui

the boys to be only Lb year but jin '

had nade am ke ber th

sion Candidate roihe mone 1

fo pass Th ORIN tit ne’ 2rAar

geowraphy, als Nontors peliag ond weit

Hach school las its own prunes ff

of veachwers

nd th ugh eles study in
ish Uible was the rieoungd

ing th Mount Hermon and ii hy a

Thys study, 6) re. te ' ;

the curriculum very ‘ent t

of Bible studs tt elass each wees

crease this number bets Ziw

       

   

  

same ime or by elect ng oii)'e as )

studies. $i}, reels isthe test book (hi her
books are used as bely t \ beetotinte
for it. Fullouthnes are furnssherdt to the oti
in conneston with each eve a nls the
hooks and topesstadied, with wiritia
thought ant inwestgaten and ho refer .
to library help rh antpel { prive vitse
study are put by the stuemt itte ris form
in rotebooks orintehoed Db bles In the ad
vanced classes topes ar sane! to i hivedual
students for special study. aryl the resuts are

  

presented in clras cepa ts of essnys
CeVections of photogrphs of Palestine and
@ palntings representing ible scenes are used

There are |

|

 
 
 

WORK IN COLLEGE,

SENIOR AND FRESHMAN DISCUSS IT
OVER TOASTED CHLESE,

They Answer the Hostile Criticiam That
It Ien’t Worth While for Girls to Go
to College — Do Girl Students Take
Their Work Too Seriously?—Their Fun,
“l'm furious; ust perfectly furious.” The
freshman stood in the doorway, her arms full of
bundles, her eyes flashing and the feathers on hie
beat hat nodding violently.
“It's becoming,” answered her senior room-
mate, looking up from her book, “Very, Please
carefully Gecuedinsummer, . Mr Moody though be furious often. You'd make a splendid model

it was too had that men should have to work #0 | for the sketch claas with thatcolor, 1 mean to tell
| hard in the hot weather caring for the 10®D. 80 | wigs Barnes about it, She wanted some one the

!

to illustrate the teaching,and stereopticon lectures
are introduced. The \eachers aim make the GIRL
atudent think out the truth for himself and applys
them in his owa life and in Chnstian work

‘There are four regular courses of instruction,
classical, scientific, Latinacientifie, and elective.
Much attention is paid to. music especially vocal
‘There has been started alao recenty a trainin
school, the students occupying The Northfeld,
the hotel whieh is only open to guests in summer.
At Chicago is another achool, known aa the Bible
' Institute
| The seminary at Northfleldis at the head o
| the long village street; within the precincts
|

 

 

 

are the house, where Mr, Moody was born, the
house where he died, and Round ‘Top, famous
cone, overlooking miles of autiful country,
| where he is buried. The Recitation Hall, the
} ‘Talcott Library and the Skinner Gynniésium
form the centre of the group of seminary buildings
All around i a very large lawn, which is kept

 

we be ch does the mowing | :
ahd a einer amen arh steer children around | other day, You earn twenty-five cents an hour for
the village streets Recitavion Hall is a fine, | sitting still, But you learn a lot besides. ‘The girle

substantial building, provided with a winter | oon ey forget that you have ears, and they make

Y “ «“ ning chemi ; , ‘
} oa soeaeal pnd wlaniea Or cottons ter practi- | delightfully frank remarks One begins Well
i her nose isn’t quite plumb, is it” Another saya:

cal work, \ chapel occupies the centre of the
second floor an the poom * the right ane th | ‘No, [never supposed her mouth was so large, did
are so arranged that the whole of tieir Boor « : :
he thrown into one room. The ‘Talcott Lbraty | you” And her chin's wo funny; regular nut
| was the giftef James Taleott, [tis pout af Kren, | cracker shape.’ It's very elucidating, After
‘ite with brownstone trimmings and is fnishee | ward you have the privilege of looking at twenty,
inoak. There are apout 5,400 velumes belonging stake , ‘ :
to the library, which are made serviceable by | five caricatures of yourself, It’s the best, cure for
the vari catalogue and Dewey system of Cone vanity I know. You never dare again to face
fication? ‘The Skinner Gymnasium, opened 10 | coup own image in the looking-glasa. You
' September, 1895, was the eiftof William Skinner | °", 5 b. :
of Holyoke ‘Phe lower floor contains a bowling | “Don't he so trivial, interrupted the pry |
| alley, @ swimming tank, dressing room, lockers, | “Can't you see I'm just ready tocry. I feel asT
‘bath rooms and the directors room oe, BY | did when some brute told me years ago that there
‘ ’ | mir, F y « z . <
| nasium proper Ip 100 fret long, BO feet wike ae wasn'tany Santa (laus. She dumped her packs

| 82 feet high A running track ja suspended
| from the roof, and the room is well equip with | agesin a heap on the bed and took off her hat
the most approved apparatus, Within” easy “Poor child!” said the senior, “did you tear your

Walking distance are the homes of the students
The Vrederick Marouand Memorial Hall, the

\ glove or get a bad criticism on your theme, or did
| tift of D. Wo MeMillhams, a resident legatee of
'

you spend all your substance on riotous living?
That bundle is cheese, I know, and I'm sure I
smell chocolate peppermints. Betsey, you'll
never learn sense,”

“LT haven't torn my glove,” said the freshman,

the Marquand estate, accomodates eighty pupils
Fast and Weston Hall, the latter the gift of
David Mo Westen, give room for 100 others,
| Hesides the balls are other smaller buildings, |
including Hillside, Revell, Halton and the Betsey

 

 

Moody cottages wiieh furnish homes for . % loan '
i families of twenty five or so, The buildings with dignity, and I had ‘excellent’ on my theme.
are warmed by steam or furnace, lighted by gas | [ baven't spent all my substance, because I have
| aud are supplied with water pumped froma spring | qwo cents left for a week's incidentals, That is
rveit 7 a
| The buildings at Mount Hermon are on a | Cheese, and you do smell peppermints, ‘They're
I hill with a Splendid view. Here Recitation | for a consolation party, Ob, that woman, how I
i tall ey iH f : rick ond three ptovien Bist : con | should like to shake her!”
} tains beside the reeliation rooms, the ibrary wr " ” alle
lid’ feadin® poania, oficas ot he principal, | Pell me about it,” said Polly, with asigh.
Vand reows of the Gool Government Club | ought to study philosophy, but it's about as easy
jand Studer Volunteers, also a large lecture | tw do anything while you are in this mood as te
room Silliman Science hall given by Dr H

| sleep with a mosquito buzzing around your head
| Who was she and what did she s&y?"
| “fT went to call on Miss Jasper,” began the fresh.

s

BB. Silliman, a member of the Board of Trustees,
is given up to the work of the scientifie depart
mention the npperftloorare the cabinets of mineral

ogy geolocy and natural history, On the second “ + ‘
; ‘ , sa creature from somewhere
floor are laboratories for physics and chemistry man, “and there was a er r

4 lecture room, and oon the first Noor laboratories | visiting her, one of those cyo.cal, smug, self+
for boiany, zoology and physiology, lecture | satiefled persons that always make statements
prenaey itt i erat? trem ble onde is and never ask questions, She found out I was @
England and Amerien, is nearing completion, | collere girl, and then she let loose her batteries,
Ttis beautifully situated on anelevationoverlook- | She told me she didn't approve of college, she
Its built of gray |

 

   

ing the Connecticut Valley \ ’
mo ions ageinst wome

and Will seat 1,000) persons Dwight's brought up all the old objections ag omeR
me, named im memory of Mr Moody's grand knowing anything at all beyond the three rs
son ous the infirmary Crosley Hall and She sald it was bad for their dispositions, made

'
: /
Overtoun Hall are the dormitones end will accom | them restless after they went home, &e. Those

modate 800 students: Overtoun Hall Was given by ‘

Lord Overtoun of England and Miss Helen Gould | things didn’t stir me mouc h. Lhad heard them all
presided atthe laying of the cormerstone There | before. ‘Then she said My dear child, the
are alse three collages accommodating between | woretof itis, college girls are so terribly in earnest

 

tWelve and tWeulty one students each and the rest
room int Wolarge farmhouses remodelled from the | Vhey act as if thelr little petty joys and pleasures

oninal buildings ‘The dining hall is a large | and sorrows were really important, 4 lesson in
mriek puseing oe eee aera ad for the enue Greek, why itis an epoch; and as for society elec-
| the teachers , Hall dining room for | gone the announcement of a Presidential election
When Mr Moody's house was destroyed in the | couldn't cause greater excitement T have been

| Chicago fire of 1871 he came to his former home | wathing. And what does it all amount to?
| Nothing at all) ‘They are moving around in @

j at Northfield to live. His experience in Chicago
pintcup, and when they bang the sides they think

 

 

WHO PAYS THE MORTGAGE TAX?

President Sprague Says It's a Discrimina-
tion Against Bonded Real Eatate.

had given him a taste for school work and he soon
| formed the idea of starting a school here. In
1878 with HON F mntenel be bought sixteen | the moie is going round the world’ That's
acres of farm land and binidines ‘ he | ,
vearfifieen acres more on Whi hithe Fang Bins Ay dy about what she said She spoke of college as a
) building Was raised In 1879 Was built the first | #)Y world, where we were all playing at experience
| brick building for 100 girls at a cost of 84,000 ° and emotion Then when | attempted to utter @
| ‘The school opened on Nov 8. 1879 with twenty | few feeble sentences in defence she crushed me
| five rirls Who Were tauelit and lodged in Mr ‘
| Momly's houses. In 1583 there were 144 punils i with the unanswerable argument You are too
| and in the tenth rear 274 boarding pupils and 18 | young to know anything about it When you
teachers In May 181, theschoolat Mt Hermon | are as old as Lam you will think as Ido.” Now
waa opened, Mr Moods'sebief helper heing Henry . ‘ ‘
| FE. Durant, founder of Wellesley College) When | 14 like to know,” coneluded the freshman, “if I
| Fast Hall vas about to be opened Mr Moody and | wasn’ trighteously indignant, and if you wouldi'é
; some frie vereone dar walking over the hone have been, too”
) considering What Would be the issue of the work | ‘The smile had disappeared from the sentor's
Mr Mooly took his Bible and opened ittetsacah: | face, and she was Jooxine at her room mate earns
"This hesaid “shall he the motto ofthe schont extly, before she fir ished. she answered,
“Tthe Lord do keep it: Twill water ttevery mo. | corelse Pshould have been sorry for that woman
ment lestany hurtit | willkeepit mehtandday '” | She has hold of things by the wrong end If
all our critics were like her, we could afford ta
ignore them, but they aren't. People who ought
fo know better even say the same thing iheat
we take college too seriously. Tf they were in-
side they might sat the opposite It's getting
so dark and chilly, lets have a fire,” she broke
oft suddenly lve Jaid it, and all you need
do,istolightit

 

President Charles FP. Sprague of the Union |

holds

Dime Savings Hank seme well defined | The treshman touched a match to the shavings
opinions as to the effect of Senator Stfanahan'’s . underneath, and then sat down on a low stool
bill to tax all mortiages one half of 1 per cent, | '0 Watch the flames catch the wood. “It seems

} to me, she said, “from my limited expenence,

a . , 2 . (
Asked by a reporter yesterday on whom the tax ) that they are finding fault with one of our best
convemplawd in Senator Stranahan’s bill would | virtues

You are young ‘o have come to such @ wis@

really fall, Mr Sprawue said asinine adi ae
concluston, = 1 Ssenle

 

 

No matter who pays the tax. it is going to fall Don't talk to me about being young,” ane
entirely Upon the real estate that is under mort- | swered the freshman, sharply. “Once in a day
gage, ‘The only ‘lessening of the burden,” of | ff {it meh to be squelehed for that, Ttisn't my

ai Jul my misfortune
hict ire or less is \ :
which more or less is heard, will be in favor of | If they don't want us to be in earnest over
those Who are se fortunate as to hold their real | college” the senior began again, reflectivels
estate free and clear. ‘This bill does not merely | ee will have to cha Mee the whole ie heme of
iuece . 2 { nti " ) things ev] have to start with the kinder-
| reduce the rate of taxation on mortgages, as is | garten and say ‘Now, dear litte people, vou
| asserted by its advocates, but it introduces an | mustn't care too much about the things you ara
| Senne new metnod of taxation. It singles out | doing Ae ames are jiniy plas ‘and yeu
Deas Ts ay } . can't use those paper mats for iron he ‘Wers The
from the personal property in this State this one | jan't the was things are out in the world. You
j species of loans on bond and mortgage, puts | are only getting ready forthe real things.”
| theman @ sortut blacklist, or class by themselves, | “Yes,” chimed in’ the freshman, ‘and when

 

» itt)
| i : +. rata e : j this creature's litte girl was rocking her dolly

and makes the holder pay the tax, regardless of to sleep over in the corner this afternoon why
! the fact (hathe would be legaliy and justly exempt > didn't her mother sav’ ‘Clarissa, that is only
on an equal amountof other property an oo of omen and sawdust that you are pre=

tending to rock toslee Remember that Don't
the taxed f ) y | nH v a ’
ie tese ton of personal property | be foolish enough to think it is anything else’
and real estute are quite Gilferent. Tn taxing real | Why didn't T think ofthatthis afternoon,” sighed
estate the actual bolder is taxed forthe fullamount | the freshman, regretfully, “Why didn't I think

“Ourlawsast

 

 

Feven tiougi ais equity in itis @ very small frac | of in” ,
) thon of at flasds all might, because he as the per | “It seems to me,” said the senior. poking the
json Who handies the income from tie property, | fire, and going on with her thought, "that

| so far life is a succession of stares, and that you
only get the good ofeach day by thinking itistha
Most Impertant vet T wonder if my father and
the other men T know don't feel as if they wera
passing through stages, one stage foreshadowing
thenexst”

“Then it was all right for me to get terribly
excite | over being elected class President. said
the freshman. with a sigh of relief, “and to teles
graph home, and stay awake half the night with
pleasure, and to love the girls most fo pieces be
cause they liked me enough to elect me

had

Vand the burden adjusts ite! te all tie otoer par
Les in interest futdn the ease of personal prop
erty, itis cifferent lie law Says toat the tax

i payer shall deduct the amount of his just depts

!drom his esses

Now, under the proposed bill, mortwages ara
singled out from aimeng other personal property,
aod the raghtful exemption granted to all other
kinds as sweplaway

dome of the gentemon anterviewed in THE
Stn the other day seemed te think that the only
reason why all nerlkgages do tot now pay a tax

 

is that the assessor catunot find them Vhey The senior laughed = She scolded tha
have the same sources of information to find, freshman for several of these things “You will
them now as teey wall bave noder the operation | shine in logic, Betsy,” she answered, “when you

of Senator Stranahan’s bill Let them go to the ) arrive at junior year You've set a trap for me

 

record. ‘Lhereis wotlung to presveat them, They | But this is the Way [feel Ifyou, yourself, have
can find out who the hoiders of all the mortgages | the power of cernering 120 girls
are But this is no reason for destroying the | “A hundred and nineteen,” corrected: the fresh-

} exemption legally extended ty personal property, | man, “voted for me.’
Was shodli # cer ain class of real estate, “Well, then." continued the senior, “if von could

  

namely, (ha. Wiueb is niortgaged, pay all of the | make 119 girls want vou for their President I
Stav: tax, aud Uae ela treo aoa clear be exempt? | don't see why itshould hurt you to feel that yan
If they said, ‘Let us tax all buildiggs under | have acertain gower over your kind that is q

five stories bagh, or all owildings not arusie | Worth while f vou happen to fall inte some

position later Where you have to manage peonte,
vour experience here wil help you more than a
livle  Butit isn't necessary to fly to pieces over
every good thing that comes your way. or lee
after awhile there won't be anything of vou left
toenjoy the nexi one with

enough too sul the Manipal Vet Commission

or all houses painted red,” because red might be
{declared et olfensive color, there might be some
|roason for the wistinction.  isut why the greater
} Durden of taxation should be wid upon the cuzen
' who has not yet saved enough money to pay for
|

his hore ds a mystery Dowltess, the rural mem At this the senior bewan to toast cheese The
| oberol the Legisiature will consiuer this a good bill, | odor broughtin halfa dozen other girls, and chersa
| beewtioe thes wih Chink thatal hits mostly agains, | and chocolate peopermints went the rounds
I these ety fellows ut bow wal they ike it | ‘The girls discussed the house play, as earrestl
| when they realize that the few farmers in the | as if their future depended upon it, and entered
county who bad wel tbe tars ~ for, free and | into the subject of society elections with such
clear, are Bowe lo be exempted and the others | enthusiasm, that the freshman burned her finger

} taxed hadiy in her eagerness to express her op pion. anc
' Y

you ashed me who L thought would vay the | had te have it Wrapped in) seda by the senior

  

tox. To will answer, thatfora ume the morugagee | Even while she winced with the pain, she looked
Will pay it sul as the mortweages come due and | upather roommate with a twinkle in her ove

ow iowpa are made, tuere an i che shehtest doubt | Isn't college a lovely place!” she sai! That
in omy miad that the owner of the real estate will } Woman never Went She doean't) know what

 

i theend pay tus like all (he other charges agaist | iUshike PT believe Um sorry for her’

 

   
   

 

   

 

 

     

 

   

  

 

        

   

lus property ilere is no ober possible souree |

otame evo pay the tas very thing has got to

come out-of the peal estat \ paper document | Sup rheeated Steam for Train Robbers,
lis vortzage doesnt bear frau lke a tree From the Cincinnati Commerei at Dr bune

io never earned @ eont and at never can. ‘There r 2 : : F

is ngan the world whichcan produce revenue, | Evers locomotive that is but in the Weeg
forth {vidual or for the State, exeept the em | nawadays has the new anti dit’ attael men?
” ree a . i al physical property combined On all the new engines of eT ond RG. Ral!
Moth itis Alb Shall i .

Senator Strapalansavs hat tbesavings banks | Way are iron pipes extending along the roofef ile
presidente are ne Usipterested, because our) (2b and connecting wit! he hailer, Dhsous
mortgages are now exempt tle says, Let us | these pipes, without making a pereer :

{ake some man whose morwaes ar’ not now ‘ Nae re ' aly
eRe DI \ fauw exampl would be Mr either the engineer wr fire ny m + 200
inalses f » wellknown title. guarantee ) Pounds pressure, a jetef steam ¢ heoriper wate?
nod trust eomrans ! Senator mught just | that would efleetug cook anet glivirg that
as Well have specuiod the company, foreverybody | happened to be on the ver ceror the font end of
knows taatotaus Phe ditlee Guaraneee and ‘Trust; the barwage car ‘The diameter of the pipe os one

MpAaAn he largea moves denver in the State and « half inches anda single second « rp
thie pany (hati (smore mones on Brookivn | any man whe ined t tund hef t

Al Any olher, one «of heaviest lenders he steam leaves the pipe a , hur ‘
iv ow Vor aout TW lemrees, Votes rit vethert t

"i a’ Mr Wels pany not esempy | of kel by the time ¢ t
They ae ‘ r i ve aise good | be br i 1. 0t will qu
Dusititss mi ' peal several years { ' nak , KE ol
an x < a Wine dd thew th vr fr ’ ‘ , '

' rt “vinall moreages rit r |
wr ' . wil Passage
‘ % oa ratittes, Lhe Mier eae
Wo 4 ' ri\ beorsy ob hoes oe ren 7 An Arboreal Wedding,
al Nhwerest ih vi DUSIDESS § fine | Bremithe Leuwiaw Comper do a!
but ere thes wt O pore As one " > Pecentiy | ‘
net exeno from morugs wm Hut that! There r ea ne fe re Tf in this ih ihoPe
comoany ¢ tat hol ihe f oe Seta ae hood \ wel ing "pi YWASAS Maetlne osane
Se ae aoley ai, enact hy fe one could wish, Tt seems suet the beste had
the \s wibsthe se rir es sng them , s
m Var : Sets Wades teas ent ade upher nindto have hor morcage differ.
She tas naw! tne pana tad wee Pent trom the ordinary ceremo There
'h she te ; ha ' Parnes Hie he a Hants eect the mart of
, ae me CUNY ono, the bride's ® cer anlar th prointed
Bbotits Heo the Ste under di hour the tam.ly congregate t about a large
cussion for loans which for wood at hariy tree, thealdoate Ing \ 7 ae
' A percent. O's percent now bet ekhoul Some Ale Ee he * 1 ra st gerow gon the eounatre
of the advocates of the Lill have held (hatit would | place, At toe on e" lene peryive wos to take
insureithe holders of the mortgages pas iug the tax, | maid of honor and the elergyma: " ame from
Mr Sprague spoke as much as an individu as | the houae, and when they reachel the trea

a bank President, boldvag thos ie pedi concer

they climbed it ant the ceremony waa po
in the ball made it of tuverest io yeoule generally d At the ceremonv’ Was pope

formed anid the foliage of the lower —

      

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

/