~~

 

Pa

)
i
i
|

 

 

 

MAY IRWIN'S TALE OF WOE.

PEOPLE WILL THINK HER FUNNY
AND WONT BELILVE HER DELICATE,

bo She Gets Laughter Instead of the Sym-
pathy She Needs But She Has a Maid
Who Isa doy and an Actress- Opinions
About Ws n's Sense of Humor,

“Take that chair” My furniture has all
be big and strong, but some of itis more com
fortable than the rest. If the bent Wood furni-
ture companies depended upon me for a living,
they'd go out of business, Give mea good pad
ded chair, big enough to hold all of me and low
enousth tolet me put my feet on the floor Leouldn't
be aesthetic if Liried: so What's the use of trying?”

May Irwin settled herself in a chair that met
her requirements, and demonstrated that if she
couldn't look aesthetic, she could, at least, look
uncommonly jolly and comfortable

“Tsuppose you Wantto talk abouthumor, Some
times I hate that word ‘There are times when
I think that having a sense of humor is the most
tragicthing thatcould happen toa Woman. ‘That's
ungrateful, though, for mine has saved my life
Oh, often. 1's the only thing that keeps me
alive. Ifitdidn'tseem so funny that being funny |
should be so tragic, T couldn't keep this thing
up. I'm not well Probably you think that's
funny, too, Ttisn't) My doctor said, last night
that no one but a physician could possibly be
lieve that an evening's acting could take the
life out of a person thatit takes outof me. Even
when I’m well, Lgiveevery particleof my vitality
to my audience, and at the end of the evening
ain as limp as one of those dummies in front of
tailor shops When they pull the suck out of it
Then everybody says that acting is no effort
for me Much they know about it! TE suppose
they wouldn't believe that, When
I've landed my last joke, and the curtain goes
down upon my very humorous self, [| stumble
into the dressing room and ery for half an hour
beforel can getready togo home, That's funny
too, isn't iv”

The actress gave the infectious ehuchle that
has enabled her to push the immortal Washing
ton hard for first place in the hearts of his coun
trymen. Her tale of Woe appeared to amuse
her in spite of its sadness,

“I can produce Witnesses Who have seen me
do it, They thought it Was the funniest thing
they had everseen) Oh, I'm a success as a com
edy actress, even in my darkest moments! It's a
terrible thing not to beableto help being fat
and jolly. I've played through nervous
this winter, turned my back to the audience, to
hide the way my face Was Working and my teeth
chattering, and gone on with my lines and got
my laughs But, bless youno one ever believes
I'm tired and used up. You remember the first
act of ‘Sister Mary,’ don't you’ You ki my
husband forbids my seeing a caller, and I say
“What shall I tell him = I can't send word I'm
sick. He wouldn't belleve it, He'd come
up tosee how Ilook When I'm sick.’ T introduced
those lines one night when I was feeling perfectiy
desperate and wondering howl! could ever pull

 

to

nowadays

chills

 

on

  

through the play. They expressed my situa |
tion exactly. For the last two months, every
tUme I've come to the end of the second act) Where

I sit down on the floor, you know. I've felt as if
I wanted never to getup again. I'd like just to
Bit there, with the feathersin my hair, until Jude

 

ment Day. I'm afraid I'll try it some might
but, so far, I've pulled myself together for the
last act. Luckily thera isn't much required
of me in it.

“I don't know how I'd get worked up forthe first
two acts, if it weren't for that little scene with the
Servant who has been discharged That thing
is funnier to me every time it happens, and it al
ways starts me off well, no matter how glum Ive |
been feeling, You see, my own maid does that |
little act, and she's having the time of her life |
It's her first appearance on any stage and she's
86 proud of her dramatic career that Pm afraid it
will spoil her for domesticity \t first we had |
alotoftalkee talkee inthe play aboutadischarged |
Servant and we didn't like it I decided that it
would be much better and put the whole thing in
a nutshell if we could have the servant opuct
flounce across the stage and wither us with a |
glance We blocked it out that way, and then it
occured to me that ['d have my maid Gussie do |
the act--Gussie Jones is the name on the pro- |
gramme--and after the opening night one of |
the critics said in his paper, that Miss Gussie |
Jones made one of the hits of the play I suppose
he thought some young actress had blacked up
for the part The sudden fame almost killed
Gussie. She'll never get overit. Well, to wo back
to what I was telling, I knew the girl would try
the og if I told her to do {t—that'’s always
enough fog her. No matter whatl told her to d
she'd have a try atit. She's the best maid that
ever happened and as full of moods as March
weather. Nobody else could get along with her
T couldn't get along without her, She'sa jewel
and she's a crank. I don't mind the erankiness
atall, don't pay any attention to it, know her too
well. Why I've had her with me for years, and
I know her backward \ few days before the |
play opened I said ty Cusae

“There's a rehearsal at 1
at the theatre.’

“Yes'm.’

“She went down and we told her exactly what
we wanted her to do

“Now you understand just what to do”

“Yes'm.

“She did it just as she would have sewed up
rip in my sleeve for me [t was all in the day’:
work. 'She does it well, too, doesn't she? but
the way it goes off all depends on the mood |
sheisin. That's what amuses meso Lean tell
the minute she steps out from the wing, what she
thinks about me. You see it is her golden oppor

 

 

 

 

I want vou to be

 

tunity, In private life she never dares resent
anything and show me how she feels about it,
but on the stage, that’s her cue: and | tell you she
wet'sin her work, sometimes, If Essay or de some
thing that puts me on her black books. she just
saves up her wrath and seorn until that evening
and lets them off at me as she goes by me on the
stage. I fairly shrivel upunderherlook, and she's
such @ joy tome that she always puts mein tune

forthe firattwoacts, If she'sina very good humor
toward me the scene doesn't go off with any
snap atall. She isn't half saucy enous, so |
always make 4 point of riling her thoroughly
about 8:10 every evening. I couldn't draw her
off the stage now. I've fixed myself There'll
be no use in any one’s furnishing me a Play, in |
the future, unless there's @ looking part in it for
(russie. It's 4 pity she isn't as funny ty the aud

ence as she is to me.”

“Do your own lines seem funny to you"
the reporter

‘Indeed they do. ‘There's no use in try ing todo
anactifitdoasn't really appeal fo me as amusing

“But after a long run? Surel
humor isn't elastic enough to stret
season of the same jokes?”

“That's all you know about it. In the first
place, the jokes and scenes aren't the same. The
original play could hardly recognize itself at the
end of our season New possibilities
tions, new jokes, new stage business crop | pevery
night WT stuck to one unchanging version
right along I'd be queered in no tine The m
ment an act hecomes mechanical with me Enmiust
change it in some way As soon as Lknow a song
so well that [ean give it just as usual and vet all
the time be thinking of other things its time forme
to drop it and look up something else. ff myeeit |
don't find what I'm doing amusing aud whscrhin |
my hold upon the audience is gone. The sceiuea |
don't ooeer to me the same way twice in succes
sion, and I try them in any old way that occurs te
me as good. [don't suppose there is evera per
formance where] heep to my

“Doesn't that demoralize ¥

“Usually--until they get used w
recruits almost have nervous prostration at first
Poor things! They go through tortures of s
pense, wondering what | will do next. Ping
ways good to them, though = [go aheatand ha ve
fun with myself, but I always lead back « them
and give them their cues. [don tdaredo aust
else. [t's the rarest thing ima Tinalble to find se
one who will enter into my mood and plas
me I'm very fond of one of the women in
P sent company; but my excursions outside the |
tines always have the most disastrous effect pen
her, strike her dumb, deaf and tind She han
Improved about it, though. PE told her that whe
she found me talking things she had never heard
before she must forget all about the audien shel
imagine me were together at home, and that she
must say whatever ordinary thing she wr, dd we
under those circumstances, no matter } t “fs
and unimportant it might be

“T suppose the fact that you seldom '
twice in the same way is why none f the -
has ever imitated vou sticcessfylly

“That's itexactly,” agreed the actress pro

 

 

 

shed

  

hover a whole

new situa

nes
sr Support

New

 

  

 

 

  

 

W trifling

 

 

 

“Cissie Loftus suid 1 almost drove py r ingae
and all the time I was doing all Peoutd 4 fi p |
her. She's so tremendously nice and clever. |
and T wanted her to succeed with ny a ‘d i
my little act for her over and over reir S} vd
look Worried and rub her head SAV i t
you didn't do it that way at | rt tha

I'd start out conscientiously tod

+l had the
time before; and she'd groan me

Oh, that isn't}

any of the others’ [wore mivself tevin
to imitate myself, but T couldn't make , vy) "
imitation business very nearls rel me whole

   

Beason. = Cissie Loftus came to play ever.
night for six Weeks, and the thought that «!
Was in front fairly paralezed me [| kont w
dering Whether | was doing my acisthe was I
had done them the night before and trving ‘|
remember just how I had said things. ['d have

degenerated into an automatic talking machi
if Cissie had devoied her attention tn mea w
longer, but she cave me Up In time to

I's queer how conscious of individual

 

 

save n
persons |

 

       

inthe audience one can be [t seems to me th ‘t
each separate face in the audience my
Myression upon me. Sometimes a manor woman |
VI) pata poritive snutfer an ney } ind then |
abe on, some One lve Never seen Lefors Will wet ma
ye Wile wale of hilarins The other nye
@ "oman in ' ‘th ren row
@ of Wiisoand vehing Wer laa ail tarough ub |

 

Ur sense { |
|

} quarters

 

first act. She was saying disagreeable things
about somebody, It was easy to nee that. And
she Was looking at me, so T thought I must be it,
I give you my Word, that Woman hoodooed me,
1 couldn't play her down or get away from her-
‘The public hasn'tan idea how much itis respons:
ble for an actor's spirtts and success. Playin
tosome audiences ts a positive inspiration, an
then again one comes up against a crowd that
Isn't any more responsive than a jelly fish, The
moment I step out upon the stage | know whatl
have to expect. I's dn the air. [ can feel it
‘There are times when strokes with a camel's
hair brush will make their Work with a crowd,
and there are times when | need a trowel and a
WhiteWash brush and wish [| had four hands.
There isn't a man or Woman in the profession
Who doesn’t bate Monday night) A Monday
Hight audience is enough to drive a whole com
pany todrink, Ldon'tknow why itis, Perhaps
Ss the effeet of the holy calm they've been
enjoying over Sunday ‘They're as lively
and impressionable es an assortment of plaster
casts. ‘The next worst night for stage folk us the
second night, the ought after the opening With a
new play. Dull’? its simply deadly. ‘That
time the faultisn'tin the crowd, butin the actors
The strain of flest nigbt hazard is over and the
cries have done their Worst and every body con
cerned goes to pieces for twenty-four hours, | A
urday afternoon crowd is What suits me,

‘Oh, by the Way,” murmured the reporter guilt
ily "T Waa roing tlointerview youabout Woman's
sense of humor

‘ Irwin laughed 1 tell

 

‘iiss “Didn't you” |
knew there Was an interview on humor concealed
somewhere about you. Well, that remark of
mine about metinees ought togive you my opinion
about woman's sense of humor”

“Thats what Lb thought Do you really mean
that you would rather play te women than to
mel

ant 4 ee
meatiiies performe
and Ido my very best work in it) ‘The women
respond so quickly and teartily to every shade
of humor [throw into my act and are so aympa

tly rather, My
than any other

uld fr
e tires wel

 

thetic that Lean just turn myself loose, The old
ladies are sonice Bless their dearhearts. I do
love to make them laugh until they ery

} Give mea touse fullof women and I'll do my best

Work
If thatis all true, why are there so many more
clever mate comedians than female”

\re there She looked sceptical fora moment,
then nodded in her emphatic way. “Yes, I guess
that's true Well, its easy to explain. Women's
lives are more tragic than men's" For one-tenth
part of & second Miss Irwin looked grave,then her
irresistible laugh came to the surface again, “The
women have to put cup with the men, you see.
There's tragedy for vou! Sertously though, I
meantwhatlsaid  Lbelevewomen havea keener
fthe humorous than men, butitisn’talways
in working order, because they have a keener
sense of the tran They are more emotional
a) around feelevery tuing more intensely than men
bo They cant throw off worry and sorrow and
deepemotion ofewery kind and be funny to order
as easily es mencan.  Ttisn't because they don't
see the funny things, but because, so often, their
ire too full to make room for humor, Men
ne and do not feel anything very
talk to me about @ man’s sense

  

serve

 

tow

heart
iro racking. al

deeply Don't

 

ofhumor Ll never knew a man who realized how
funny men ar [know any number of women
who see the funny things in women. The men
think that women are awfully amusing. That's
one of their stock theones, but they haven't the
faintest idea that they are even more amusing
No matter how absurd a man may be, other men
take him seriously because he's a man. Now

ink that they themselves are funny and
know that the men are. That's where woman's

women t

 

sense of humor is broader and keener than man's
That's my opinion, but there's no use telling it to
the men Fhey haven't enough sense of humor
to recognize the truth of it

YEW ANIMALS ON VIEW,

The Opening of the Small Manimals’ House
at the Zoological Park.
the Zoological Society
nsomerare and interesting
exhibition
On Wednesday the small mam-
fully completed and thrown
Although ‘tis 4 small building
‘nitly has been regarded by the society
so far as the

For several months

hashad ts p

animals which were net placed on

 

ntil last w
ma hou was
open te visitors
anduntl re
character
‘rned, it will probably
public, Most note

its are the three voung orang

 

porary in
ns is con

rest to

housing of an
f creat int

worthy of its conte

the

outings, whosegymnasticos command an audience
continuously Indeed, as a continuous perform-
‘ithasnoequalinthe Park. Their cage repre

e latest and best ideas in providing for the
ropoid and the best testi-
ess is the condition of the animals

tivity

ant Apes,

mony to its suc
and their ac

The three occupants of the cage are all females,
“| Sedong, Sally and Noonsong. All three
Borneo, and were purchased

nam

came from Sarawak,

 

last summer from the captain of @ tea steamer
Since their arrival they have passed through
many Vicissitudes of domicile and temperature,

 

having occupied in turn the stable, the main hall

  

 

} of the reptila house, the director's home, the
conservatory of the reptile house, and, finally,
| thetr permanent quarters. Since the beginning of
‘ great problem has be to keep
warm \s soon as the reptile

  

was heated, they were placed in one end
near the crocodile pool; but the
the dust, and the unavoid
able draughts of cold air,made twoofthem quite ill
Th olf to the director's home
and kept there for six weeks, with all the attention
that would have heen bestovyed upon human

of the main hall

sof the wor

sme

hurried

  

  
   

Their presenteage is practically 4 gymnasium
with twos g rooms attached; and all of the
numerous ladders, horizontal bars and trapezes

are worked totherr fullest « Apac

 

ity. ‘The perform
ng on the trapeze are suffleient to
itor for halfan hour, and in
good Weather the steps that have been built aloug

ances of Sad
hold almost any vis
one side ofthe hell are crowded with visitors who
the
The small mammals’ house is nothing more nor

overlook heads of those below

less than a st

sndard greenhouse with high sides
ida} a building for the exhibition of
tropical anima! \long the eastern side of the
{ feages of various sizes, py

tV¥ bars that are seen in most
! { Wirt Hetung 18 used,
> much more pleasing to the eye,
tothe atimals, (han would be the custom
lhe building ts as light as outdoors,
ening the ventilators along the peak of

     
    
 

s, only

  

 

 

  

 
 

 

 

the f id aloug each side of the building for
is entire length » Will be desirable in summer,
! Whole contents of the building will be prac
Healy inthe open air This is: the first time
a bucding of this kind has ever been adapted to
use tor the exhibition of live animals, and people
e bow wondering why such buildings are not
freq thy used for similar purposes. It would
irprisiug if this experiment should result
quite a revolution in the construetion of build
me m Imats, aud also for birds of many
hit Like the other buildings of the Zoological
1? it heated by hot water sid its temperature
Is kept at 05 degrees. ‘The orang-outangs are

proved with a temperature of 75 degrees. by

means of a glass frontin their cage. This has
been so constructed that in summer it can be en
tirely removed

Viner diose present in the small mammals’
house are n beautiful tiger cnb, from the Malay
Per sented by Heury Fatrtleld Osborn,

 

 

Irs tt intealer, which was purchased by
the sorte i May, 1804, acollared peceary, whit h
is quite lor me and will make friends with any
obe, two Vers fine pig-tailed monkeys from Bur-
nah, Which oveupy a double cage next to that
of thie kK outanes, @ spotted Iwnx presented
by the Herreationm Magagme, which in markings
ts totally diferent from both the red lynx and the

ja tian Iynx ane Isquite suggestive ofa young

 
  

 

 

  

cheetah: ses bother iy nses of Various sizes, and

miscellaneous gathering, whieh includes several

mouhess, a hinkajou, two whitestailed prairie

dogs, Which were the first wild animals to arrive
at the park, squirrels, dec

Che ke emark that the placing of these

soimeal their permanent quarters, and in cages

fa 1 those which they have tempo

° ed is had a marked etfeet on ther

tonl about one week ago the pig

Whiehan form and size are quite

were herve as tigers, and far more

u m4 he Gger cub “Prineeton They

not only ng but anxious to do mis

With ties huge canine teeth they are

abundantly able. Now, however, they are so

pleased with their spacious and comfortable new

liheabur ceoflight that they have

 

   

 

 

   

setiied dow Junko (disposition quite Suggestive

t y allow Keeper Munzie tw enter

cae t their housework, and, beyond a

Fi go now and than, make no hostile

le travers Three months ago they would

have alt ttorn him limb from limb The tiger

eub has been named “Princeton” by his donor
hecait rs are right

common consent, the anteater has heen

nanwal Virritie \ month ago she became

seriousty Hl of a complication of diseases Which

 

 

  

 

hreatened to ent herexistence, The chief cause
f her il ss Was the absence of suitable quarters
pr rly heated The moment the heat was
tiroved ono in th ll Mammals House, a place
f wa Ared hurriedly in one corner
“ tthe sunlightand also abundant
warmth fr the hot water pipes To give her an
it spler fthe proper degree of humidity, the
floor was covered with sand toa depth of six inches,
upon which Was spread a laver of syhagneum,
Which Was kept wet by sprinkling = The animal |
vas bathed and dosed with hlackberry enedial
| ‘urator Loring and Mr Munzie, and to the |
siirprise of every one she has recovered com
pletely rhe feeding and caging of such an

animal is one of the most difficult tasks that falls
fa curator of living animals

ar
te the le

 

“THE SUN’ As A REAL OF TK
ADVERTISING "A
and News medium will better maet vour ra-
quirements thon any other pub'ication, reach.
ing oa it doos people who have money for

invaaey , unt supplying each day all the
, of int to those interested
Inthe Qouity dbarwet.—Ade

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1900.

 

PRISCILLA IN CLUB LIFE,

MEKTING FOR
PSYCHOLOGY,

Discussion Drifts Around to the Story of a
Man With a Big Nose and Then to the
Subject of Servants, Where the Meeting
Is Adjourned in Despair by the Teacher,

Priscilla has joined a woman's club. It is her
first offence. She grew tired of explatning why
she had never been a club woman, and now that
she no longer sits in utter darkness she wonders
that she held out so long. The club of ther cholee
is studying psychology, with excursions tnio
Browning to relleve the tension. Evenaclub that,
last season, grappled with political economy and
George Meredith and did them both up in twelve
rounds, must allow itself some slight mental
relaxation.

There was a good deal of discussion about a
topic for the season's work, butthe President set
ied the question. “Psychology,” she said, “is
big enough to cover all lines of thought. lt offers
unlimited fleld for discussion, and we can talk
about anything we want to talk about, and leave
all the other things out. You know, nobody could
really expect us to do psychology thoroughly,
in three months.”

The argumen! was convincing, The women,
ina body, went over to psychology, and the meet
jogs have been animated. In fact, a discussion
of the relation between nerve and motor centres
led toa row about cocktail drinking that made two
women withdrawfromtheclub. There's a delight-
ful element of uncertainty about women's psycho
logical research. One never knows where {i is
going to bring up.

An ndept, to whom the mysteries of the psychical
man are as an open book, was engaged to lead
the discussions. Tast week, when Priscilla
made her debut, Sensation was discussed. ‘There's
so much to be said about sensations. Everybody
has them, and, afier wrestling with subjective
intelligence, it was refreshing to come down to
smelling and tasting. ‘The adept had been ex
plaining the way in which nerve expressions
fre communicated to the brain, but Mrs. Smith,
the intellectual giant of the club, objected

“How is at,” she asked combatiwely, “that the
same set of nerves can give sensations both of
heat and cold? If excitement of certaim nerves
produces cold, why doesn't excitement of
same nerves always produce cold’

But they aren't the same nerves,” explained
the adept mildly. “You have heat spots and cold
spots, allover your body, and you can't tell which
is which.”

“Now LT know why T sometimes feel ‘all
said the widow
that phrase arose

“Well,” the beauty of the club announced sadly,
“my nose is one of my cold spots. | ean't think
what to do with it. It gets positively purple
I don't see why T couldn't have had all my eold
spots from the collar down, where they wouldn't
show

 

ATTENDS A THE

STUDY OF

 

 

 

 

those

ever in

spots “T suppose that's the way

“Did you ever try massage” asked the banker's
wife, sympathetically
“Yes. Iididn'tdoa bit of good = 1

cine for my blood, too; mor circulation needed,
you know. Then, somebody told me if there
Were more flesh on my face the blood would cir
culate better, so T tried a milk diet and gained
fifteen pounds, all at my waist line, but ny nose
was as red as ever

“There was & man up on the coast last summer
Whose nose used to turn to the most awful color,”
said the artist. “There was a good deal of the |
nose, anyway; and when the poor fellow came in
from a day's fishing, he looked as if he hada brick
chimney built on his face. He was dreadfully
sensitive about it, too. There was to be a big
coullon. at the lodge one night, and he promised
to lead it, but he had an engagement to co bine
fishing that day. When the boat had satled
outofsight of the dock, he pulled out a little pocket
made from a kid glove and tied it over his nose
said he wasn't going to bea holy show that night
The men guyed him, but he kept the shield’ on

; allday. The sun was broiling, and every one
burned toacrisp. When the man took off his nose
muff that night he almost fainted. His pose
looked like a chalk mark on a tomato. The rest
of his face was scarlet, and the effect of that prom
Inent waxen feature was the most ghastly thing
I ever saw.” ;

“I don't mind the burning, but this cold weather
worries me,” sighed the beauty “You can't
think what trouble I have choosing hats that will
not be frightful with the color of my nase when |
go out into the cold.”

The adept broke into the conversation desper
ately: “The question of coloris most interesting
In its psychological aspe she said. “Have
you ever Considered the relation between color
and sound” All musical tones have their cor
responding colors All musical instruments
produce music of distinct color Now, what color
Is violin music to yo!

“Blue.

“Violet |

“Yellow

The women would have chased violin music |
through the spectrum, but the artist, whoo \
to be an authority on color, settled the ques

“It geems to me,” she remarked, “that it would |
depend altogether upon the person who plaved |
the violin. There's a young musical student
who has a studio next to mine, and ber violin
music lg bright red, with orange polka dots

“That's because its vibrations are all wrong
insisted theadept. “It's alla matter of vinrations
Color moves in rhythmic waves. So does sound
The color whose wave vibrations agree with the
wave vibrations of @ certain sound corresponds
te that sound. Isn't that interesting’

Very,” assented the club, much Impressed

“L wonder what color corresponds to the barrel

| organ on our block?” mused the widow

{  “Wouldn’tit be lovely if musicians would always
dress in the color corresponding to their musical
Vibrations’” the beauty sugested

“Tt would be a mighty good thing if Mrs) Wilson
would try it Did you ever see anything like that
gown she wore when she played at the Carter
musicale’ I feltas if I'd have to jump up a
wrap theplano cover around her to save
reason Phe artist groaned over the memory

“She does look ike afrump, agreed the Heauts
“Gets her clothes at good places, too, but she
hasn't any taste She goes to Mrs. Porter's
dressmaker, You've seen that gorgeous pink
gown of Mrs, Porter's’ Do you know that eost
her only one hundred and fifty’ Imported for
Mrs. Astorbilt aud she wouldn't take it be

took medi

 

 

 

 

 

 

se
the embroidery wasn't the design she wanted
Mrs. Porter happened to be just the right size
Wasn't that luck’) Did you know Mes. Astor
bilt buys gowns, wears them once and sells therm

back to the dressmaker at half price’ Then the
dressmaker sells them again for less than cost
you see, That's the way TP got my yellow crepe
ve decided yellows my color Alwavs A
wear pink, but Um ured of at
The adept had been making ineffectual efforts

 

 

 

to stem the tide, and lead her flock back to pss
chological postures. “There was her chat

“That shows spiritual developmentin vou,” she
saod hurriedly
"Oh, does iv? LT thought it just meant ban

getung too old for pink

Notatall, Pink is the eolor for materialisen
WW has been demonstrated that, just as «
correspond to musical toves, so they corressond
to menta) and moral attributes. You can affect
your character radically by use of colors. Don't
you know how restful green is”

“Why of course, that's why the world is green
said the artist “Did you ever stop to think how

hostly it would have been if the Lord had made
fhe world bright red”

"Oh, I don’t know,” objected the widow We'd
probably like it that way, if we were used te it
and it would have saved people a lotof painting
I'm afraid some of the men Ehnow wouldn't have
had any oecupation atall, if the Creator had fore
stalled their efforts that way

lors

 

 

Several eyebrows expressed disapproval, but
Priscilla edged her chair nea the widow's
(jreen expresses spirituality. and mentality
continued the adept, with ber little

combined
air of recitative, “because itis composed of vellow
|} the color of spirituality, and blue lor of
mentality \ taste for green speaks very well
| for a person Pink shows f! y instinets, anal
red 18 downnght carnal and disastrous to the
nerves and temper.’

the os

  

“Well, T must say [don't take much stock in
that theory,” said the beauty “There's Lily
Hancock She always wears yellow of some

all in vellow and every lamp and gas globe, in
her house, covered with vellow I hope vou
don'tcall her spiritual--divorced twice,and leading
that Delancey boy such a dance that he'll not
have a sou left) She's taken to vellow just be
| cause she bas golden hair, and that Freneh artist
! who was over here and painted her portrait told
her she looked like @ symphony tin gold, in her
yellow gown. Hecalled her portrait "The \mber
Witeh’ and that settled it, lt isn’t a bad fad
though, is it? Hut T guess her vibrations are
bright red.”
Jo rule is without
adept with dignity
“E wonder if that red den of my husband's is
What has spoiled his temper,” the banker's wife
remarked meditatively. “You wouldn't believe
how nervous heis§ Hep! Melly out of the room
last might just because the child Was pounding
the fender With the tongs, while he Was reading
some dull old financial magazine And he's
| simply frantic about the steak, lately
} “Isn't it queer how many happy h
Wrecked on beefsteaks’” said the widow \
man may be a cherub about everything else
but I never knew one who didn't row about the
Steak. They say men have mathematical minds,
but | tried, for ten years, to demonstrate to mv
| dear husband that, given the number of peraona
| in the United States who eat steak, and the num-
| ber of cattle raised, and, taking into account
the limited part of a beef's anatomy
adapted to Porterhouse, it 18 mathematically
impossible that every man in the country should
have the best cut of steak every dav. You can

shade or other, has her drawing room and boudoir

exceptions,” aflrmed the

|
mes are:

 

|

|
}

that ia]

must change my butcher atonce. He died with-
out ever seeing the truth of my proposition.”

All the married Women Were sympathetic, but
Priscilla Was so far lost to pe opriety as to chuckle,
and she fancied she caught an answering gleam
in the widow's le[teye

“lt is really very queer how much food has
todo with domestic happiness,” the banker's wife
agreed. “You can get along with all other sorts
of incompaubility, but persons who don't like
the same things to eat oughtn't to try to live to
gether | can't think of anything my family
could do that Would try me as much as for them
not to like bacon for breakfast. It would frét
me almost to death. The steak business is bad
enough,  T believe I'll have the red paper on that
den changed.”

“What color will you make it?” asked Priscilla
She's engaged herself, and all points on the man
agement of husbands are of vital interest to her

“T hardly know. Yellow isn't the thing, be
cause excessive spirituality would be as bard
to live with as temper, and blue wouldn'tdo, be
cause if his mentality developed too much, he
would see through me, and I'd never be able to
manage bim at all. T suppose it will have to
be green, @ real restful, soothing green, with
enough pink in the frieze to keep him human.”

Vil tell you one thing.” announced the widow
positively. “My servant's room shall be done
over ine bright blue to-morrow If anything
under Heaven will contribute mentality to that
Hibernian, she shall have it, no matter what it
costs.”

“Ladies, ladies, we are wandering from our
subject,” pleaded the adept, but she Was too late
They were off Every one except Priscilla knew
more about servants than about sensations of
any other gort, and there was no stopping the
torrent e adept Wiped her eyeglasses sadly

“Atour text meeting we will consider memory,”
she said with # note of discouragement in her
voice She didn't uuderstand why the club had
taken up psychology The President ought to
explain the motive to her

TOLD BY THE BOOK AGENT,

“Great Lives and Famous Deaths,’’ With
Comments From Domestic Life,

 

   

She Wore alittle hight veil with a hole in it and
ao dragglied skirt and overshoes As she pushed
the bell she diagnosed the curtains of the front
Window as to their quality. Then she stepped in
the entry With alurch of assurance, and faced the
trim) lite maid

“Is your mistress at home?” she asked

“l'lh see.” said the ithe maid “Will you come
in? What name shail I say

“Oh, you don't need to say any name " returned

the caller suavely. “She wouldn't know my
name,any Way. Justsayalady"
‘The maid vanished) The caller tried two

chairs before she Was finally seated. ‘Then she
examined the other chairs and the portieres, and
had # look at the curtains from the inside; she
poked her foot in the rug to feel how deep the nap
was, and she made two false staris when some
one passed through the hall. ‘Then the mistress
of the house came in

“You Wished to see me°” she said, standing
“Lam very busy, and] shall haveto ask you"

Yes, | know how itis,” said the Woman in the
veil, sympathetically. “Gettin’ ready for thesprng
house cleanin’, So are we -at least
T can't nghtly say | am, because I'm livin’ with
An' she's sayin’

I s'pose”

my brother's wife; but she is
only this mornin’'
“Pardon me wished began the mis
tress of the house, with polite finality

Ves, | Wanted to show you this, said the Woman
with the veil

From the capacious black rep bag she had de
posited a bit out of sight, the Woman with the veil
suiddenly drew a calf bound book, Tt Was the
sort With calfon the front cover and cloth on the
back, and half Russia leather on
inside, to let you see how the real back Would
look. ‘The extenor of the mistress of the house
looked like night atthe North Pole

“Really said, “I am extremely
but

Now, it Won't take you five minutes,” said the
Woman with the veil, “and T can make those five
minutes reely interestin’ if you Will listen to me
fain'tan ordinary book agent at all, you know
I've only had to take itupsince my husband died
And the Work is reely a

you

the covers

she

sorry

4 Year ago nextspring
rare thing’

‘There is positively no use”
willing hostess

“Putit will be such a pleasure to me toshow it
to you,” pleaded the Woman in the veil “You
can't think how glad Lam to get hold of a reely
intelligent listener, I have to show the book half
the time to people Who can't no more understand
lis beauties than your hired girl, Now this
she Wenton swiftly, “isa Work called ‘Great Lives
and Famous Deaths,’ and it comes in sixty-eight
parts, four parts in four Weeks, $1 a month And
it is reely a classic ALT Want is just to show
you some few ofthese illustrauons, and then I'l
leave tt to youif the Work ain t Worth owning, let

said her un

| alone spending five minutes over it With me

Phe Woman in the veil scraped her chairon the
polished floor and opened the book at’The Court
ship of Goethe

This,” she said, the poet
Greethy, and hislady love. Thelady love you see
situngon the bench, At herrightare her water
ing can, spade and shovel, used4n her wardenin
‘The man at the leftis Geethy himself as he lookd
When notengaged in composing poems. Loouldna’t
say Whether he married hislady loveor not

This,” she Went on, “is Joseph Jefferson, an
actor He is here geen in one of his characters
that of Rup Van Winkle, which he sometimes
plays ‘Po see him here in this scene from = the
first act of the play you Would think he Was a
soung man, butl suppose he must be as much as
oO Nears old in real life lt seems a disadvan
the picture not showin’ him as he reely is
hat at the same me it shows him just as you
Would see himoen tbe stage now

[his nest is @ representation of the Cisiern
Madonna, though Why itis called that l couldn't
tell vou ielow, the oe cherubs is, | suppose
Around is grouped

is the picture of

 

 

different views of the child
saints and martyrs, and the Whole makes a very
pretty appearance, framed

This here is not one of the famous Amazons
Which We have all heard so much about, but quite
a different person. ‘This here is Brunhilda on
hermilk White borse, She is supposed to be riding
the air to escape from an angry father, or mother
L couldn't tell you Which. But whoever it was
set fire to all her things and turned her out doors
for betnending & strange Woman Who proved to be
a very unpleasant person, [ believe.”

The mistress of the house had forgotten what an
hnwilling hostess she had been 7 on,” she
said in an uneertain voice, as the Woman in the
veil paused for breath

Phisis Dante, called the poet of hell. she took
upthe story, “though I'm sure [can'ttell you just
Why he Was called the poet of hell He's motona
Wreath of leaves, Which tt Was customary to Wear
in those times. He Wrote a comedy of some kind
though Tmustsay thathe looks as though he had
never known a glad day in his life

“Side of him is another poet, Milton, who was
blind tle is listening to his own works read
aloud by his daughters Heis also the author of

The Lost Paradise’: maybe you see that when
it Was played here last Winter? [did enjoy the
play so much that P said to myself that the book
Was Worth the money just to have that man's
pieture

“Nextis the mother of the Gracchi. This poor
lady lost all her money and all her relatives, but
two sons, and she called them her jewels, mean
ing, | presume, that When they was grown up
they could earn back all her property for her |
do hope they did, for if there's anything that
disgusts me with bringin’ up children it's to have
them turn on you and not pay you back in kind
‘There's uy brother's boy, Zeb — this, did you say?
Oh, this is Beethoven, making up his ‘Moonlight
Sonnet’ He set down to play for a blind girl
one night and that piece come into his head, and
he played it without writin’ down a note of it
seitin’ in the dark, he was. Havin’ his hair
combed down and tied With a ribbon makes him
laok some like George Washington, dont it’
Strange, how these musicians can look like pol!
Hicians and Presidents When most of ‘em don't
know a blessed thing but their music

“Here’s the Mona Lisa, an’ you're supposed
togmuess What she'ssmilin’ at, thus gettin’ asortofl
conundrum with the rest, though for my part it
seems simpleenough tome. Lalways smilethat
Way when I'm havin’ my picture taken’ out of
jure nervousness, and it don't mean anything
| presume that’s the Way With her

“And next is the Victory, With no arms and no
head, nothin’ but Wings They're good strong
Wings, but for my part T shouldn't call it mueh
ofa vietory if l'd bad my head took off
And here's Mercury, or Hermes, some calls

an’ IT dont know as it makes any difference
Which Thisis a statue,too, besides bein’ a picture
asyouseeithere  Tseeitonce, and I declare it
tiredime to death just seein’ it balance on one toe
that was That's why I prefer the picture myself
because he seems to lay flatter

This’ Ob, this is called Hosea, bur why he
covered his face up When he was settin’ for his
yeture Lean'timagine, He might as well have
ten the back of his head took, and done with uw

Now this last one here isthe Death of Hayden
or Haydn Composin’ the Creation." Yousee him
seated on the deck of a steamer Around him is
gathered his sorrowin’ relatives and friends
Overhead the storm is ragin’, but Haydn ain't
frightened like his relatives. Calm and quiet
Haydn sits up and composes his ‘Creation’. I'm
sure lcan'ttell routhecreation of what, but it's
very wellknown — Beautiful sight, ain't it?”

Beautiful.” said the mistress of the house

“And now,” said the woman with the veil,
“rou're goin’ tolet me put your name down, ain't
you’ Here's a complete description of every pic
ture, much fullerthanThavegivenitto vou You
Wouldn't care for the descriptions? Well, some
aniy does care for the pictures.”

  

  

 

him

   

  

eee

 

|
|
|
|

COLLEGE GIRLS’ BUSY TIME.

 

CURIOUS BKPFECTS OF THK STRAIN
OF MIDI LAR EXAMINATIONS,

“Not o Pretty Girl in the Place’ Atter This
Season of Study—Girls Who Study Better
fo “Gym Suits or Men's Clothes Than
in Pettiooats—" Busy” Signs on the Doors.

“It is the strain that kills,” said

“If the opponents of womeu's education would

Go lo & woman's college during the examina

tion Ume that we know as mid year's, they would

find all the arguments they needed against us

Let me talk now for ten minutes and you will

see what | mean, My brain is numb I feel

a8 if Lcould put my finger in and take out the
pieces for you to look at. In this place I put the
causesxof the French Revolution, ticketed, one,

(Wo, three, In this, the partition of Poland,

dates at the jeft, countries benefited at the right,

Causes at the tup, results at the bottom, just as

we

the senior

th

ak

it would stand on (he examination paper. His
tory is the last examination | prepared for, Tn
two days I went over all the lecture uotes of the

of
th

half-year, tabulated the important events, to
Bether with the subsidiary events that clustered
round them, aud then committed my tabs, dates
aud all, to memery. T got a mental picture of

the tabs and of the notebouk andof Ploetz's ‘Epit | th

Investigation Carried

awning leading to the carriage block
other man, mediiatively

habit, modified and refined
own taproom proprietess

lingering about
awning
droopy hat was alive with animation
sounded

the time.

tiously

I mean it

another?
are they really inter-sarcastic’

 

WOMEN INTHE MUSICTRAD

DE

 

On by Two Men
Among Women at an Afternoon Tea,

“What do they talk about” said the first men

He was in «cab with the other man, and they |

re being driven past & house with a striped

 

 

THEIR CONVERSATION, |
!

SUCCESSITUL AS
AND PENSGKAVERS,

THEY ARK
SIGNERS

Salaries Not Large some Engravers Ha
Become Successful ¢ posers and M
Interpreters for Publishing Houses=-@

Won in Some Other Br

Many women are employed tu the production.
sheet music ‘They do a considerable propo:
| of the engraving of the manuscripts, ‘They falg
| wid prepare the separate copies for shipment, and
hota few women are successtul designers af ti
| and frontispieces, both for sheet music end
j music and song Philadelphia hag
largest number of Women and girls employed
the music earaving and printing houses,
ton has a great many, and Cincinnati also
opportunity in this ue ‘The greater part of @@
sheet music imported from London and eold by
(he American dealers is the outeome of womasy,
labor Germany has her skilled womea won
engravers, a timber of whom have come to
country with their husbands, Several of the
New York eagravers employ women exclust
in their work rooms
Much of the sheet music now issued in cheap
form is printed from iype and plates, but h
| engraved music is likely to be in demand aad

   

 

“At the Sign of the Strnped Canvas?" said the '
lis the old taproom | eee

Every hostess ier

‘Yes, but what do they talk about’” persisted
e first man

A bevy of big plumy bats and beautifully gored
irts showed ta the lobby, aud some more were
the sidewalk entrance to the
And every pretty face under every
And it

books

'

of course they weren't) but itsounded |

{f they were doing a concerted selection at |
“Heaven knows,” said the other man, senten
“Let's flud out,” said the first man. “Really,
I've watched them a4 lot at this sori
thing, Doyou believe women are bight among
emselves” Do they say clever things for oue
What sort of stories do they tell? And
Had you cards
he

ere today, at Mrs. Tudor Templeion's?”

   

ome” Some questious | auswered by recalling | asked suddenly 4s there are music manuscripts to publish, FT
the mental pieture There were others where “Thad. Why?" first cost of the type method is greater than fe
Itescuped. Once, for instance, | remembered The first man cated up to the driver, and they | expense of the hand engraving, but music cam
that the fact T wauted was on page 493, right wheeled sharply about duplicated from type more conveniently by the
hand side, halfway down, in itahes. 1 could “What are you going to do” inquired the other | printers. However, the man or woman able to

se the italics but uot read what they said m
“Iu the same two days, besides reading the notes

and making the tabs. Tread the whole of Pytle's | gc

 

 

eugrave well has abundant work
One New York woman has an engraver's pla
Of her own, outin a suburban town, within eas

an in some alarm
“Why, said the first man, soothingly, “we are
ying to drop in bere, you and IT, and find oug

three volumes ! some twenty-five chapters | what they talk about reach of ber patrous. For years she has supporte
of seattered references, almost all the reading The other man grumbled as they stepped out, | ed herself and family in this business. She hag
for the term, in fact. Tt sounds like an exag- | and laughed and followed. Now they were | all the orders she ean attend to, both from the
Beration. butitis not Of course it was not word | among the few men biddeu that day to Mrs. Tudor | publishers aud from. private parties, Anotheg
for Word readiug My attention was excited | ‘Templeton’s tea. ‘There should therefore, argued | woman, quite as skilled, is the’ wife of a welle

to such © piteh that sometimes [ seemed to com. | th
prehend whole pages with a single glance But
all the time T selected details that Limight pos m
sibly want, coordinated and arranged them. | ar
I] felt as though | were packing things in little
boxes inomy brain There was, too, something | st

of a machine feeling, for TP diad almost no eons

what “they” talked about

hall they met others,

keenest, all they had herrd and could remember

@ first man, be ample opportunity to And out
In the doorway they
et smart black coats with violecs pinned to them
id fluffy boas and wriggling plumes. In the
And as they ascended the
airs together, although they bad listened their

known must
of girls are employed
away on a business

in Whose office a numbeg
When the husband gone
rtakes a vacation, thig
Woman conducts the w succeage
fully (hat there is no blunder in either (ie artistia
or the busiiess phase of the work
It takes three or

elugrraver

{rip

thahbop. ands

four years of persisteut practioe

 

 

sciousness of my body until Phad handed in my | were pean snatches like these to become a iished music engraver, No gir}
paper. Then [ was cold and trembled, so that woe ul seats in the second row, middle | tayen on asa beginneris paid ouything for the
Thad to sit down in the Hbrary until PE got suf Why, my dear, her bair used to be as dark | first Ovo mois, becwuse her procice work $e
fleieat command of my legs to get back here to | as costly After this probationary tine, if she giveg
my room. tam all over that now, but | have ‘Such @ stunning essay on the influence of color | evidence of tlentfor (ie work, she gets 83 a week.

Pie , A upon ' ater she is permitted todo the filluog in of trang
this terrible relaxed feeling. If IT had another What would you have thought he meant by | Cribed plates, pul to making the rests, or the lute,
examination coming Eshould pull myself together | that” the clefis or pedal marks, anything that has been

   

and goin for another orgy As itis, IP shall:

lapse. It a fortnight before Tam good
for anything. It month before [am
really myself, That, 1
quick recovery, ‘There a
wet
power of studying, the fina

will be he

will be a

  

eed, iS counting on

 

 

Psome girls who tever |»
wet
them and the

  

re they back the | 1

ia

over mid years

 

sareon

Vearisdone cl

Hiave you eces over the | w

Aiitiation

ex

who

gone to p tory
asked ihe graduate stuart

 

charged inte the drawing room

tive hours preceding, it was bard for an uupreju
aaced

again in consequence of the first adjective

purposely left for ber todein onder to give ber
confidence Gradually she is trusted more and
more, unul she gets full commarad of her tools,
aud then an entire manuseript given to her,
However willing or industrious, bo girl is take
on 48 appreviice Who does not know at least the
rudiments of musi

The engraving of the musical characters diree®
from the manuscript is almost a mechanical pros
ess onee itis acquired, but a good deal of taste
and tact ore requisite to dofirst class work. Much
of the amateur manuscript sent to the engraver
is extremely faulty, and ie more knowledge of

‘Lhe two men smiled into each other's eyes and
‘The little ured
sless May or may not have smiled when she
Ww them; baving been smiling for two consecu

onlooker to say whether she renewed it or
w But her litthe thin, cordial voice took ona
‘Woassoriment of selected Yntonauons. How
«vl it was of them to have come!

‘The first man, in a mintie, was under a Bagdad
Intain canopy with the oldish young woman,
ho had begun to put her hair low in ber neck

 

 

Dias ; , sit the superficialty of contact lke this | Musical lechnicaliues possessed by the engraver
WAS 4) Alieutive steer, “or was it an accumu at smadden you?” she asked. ‘The man could | Whe better she is able to distinguish the efect
lau f evils” see her soul in her eves ready to be swapped aud correct them Music sentin through a rellae
An accumulation, decided replied the | He retained bis own soul He said something | ble publishing house has been previously gone
| to the effect that it was refreshing to be super ever by a professional arranger, and is plain le

senior | had two days at the begitimiug of the theial ing. but that coming tn through musie San

mud year recess, then three exami:
cession, then

tions an sue
uw

tiiree Gays, another examinatior

 

two days, aud (he jiustory I have really been
fortunate ft have | only five examinations, } a
and T have had good intervals between them

 

In most of one’s meetings’

you come to teas to be intense’ he asked

 

or individuals is apt to be planned on ortgt
methods that are a payzle ‘The signs regarding?
expression must be guessed at aid also t 16 CO!
poser’s method of indicating bars that are to
repeated or imserted ‘The majority of composer
do not work any harder over their copy than ig
solutely necessary

“Refreshing?” uttered the oldish young woman
tensely. “Hut Whatelseis there but superficiality

“Poses,” said the man, brutally,“and a striving
fler snap shots at inner consciousness Do

‘Then the girl Who Was assisting stood next

: ! pie , ine it nnd as an ‘ '
Some gins have eimgatoruinein all, and as mary him Now, I'm sure there ought to be a rest herete
4s five in a week, and sometimes two in a day “Don't you love teas” she twittered to the | correspond with the one above,” the expert en
I do not see how they live through it, Now, 1, | man, “do say you do 7 I want to see a twan who graver thinks, in going ore Manuscript, 40
7 : 5 really says be does. Though I'm sure you don't | She will proceed to putin the rest. Often sh
with my five, have been working eleven days. | in tie least need to say a unique thing to be | makes the “turn” bar at the foot of the sheet o
I have sat up every right until S e'clock and I unique!” music fall more fortunately than the musie write?
have got up every morning at 7 oclock, But “What is unique” murmured the man serene. - she omoreies tapreves and poomed
“| c “It means delicious, said the girl who was | the copy fo girls ever so accompli a
there were two mghts when Pood net go to bed assisting with frankness. “We were just | engraver aud is not sufficiently schooled in musi
atall, Ltook a eold bath minutes’ walk, | saying’ to recognize such discrepancies in the copy he
a cup of very strong coffee, and (ien went to the So they had been saving something! ‘The | Value is lessened. Song engraving is more diffie

eCaAMInNAuONn room
and my English
bame thing

bhat was before my history

About lialf the class did

 

man turned ty listen in a flood of genuine relief

(he | have something with a cherry in it
ually been talking to that last dear, funny thing

cult to do well than instrumental music, owing @

the number of words to be fitted to the measure,
girl who can be trusted in all these particularg

earns 810 a week. She goes to work at 0:30

Ol,” erled the girl at) the punch table, “do

IT have act

wn wey or the way the girls a for hours, Arent people funny? But I'm glad 7 clock in the morning, gets an hour for luncheo
That accounts for the way the girls are looking | they are. T love them tunny.” Bred | time, and stops work at 5:80. If she is dill
now,” said the graduate student lack circles The man started a subject. she will engrave nine or ten plates a day, He

   

under their eves, swollen eyelids, bloodshot eyes,
White lips, beavy tines, puffed cheeks. You
would swear there was nota pretty gurl in the
place. | have been standing off and studying
the phenomena

a

 

 

 

 

 

   

still

passed it to him daintily

 
   
 

sister worker Whois neatandeccuraie, but withoug
much knowledge of musi, gets ouly 86 a wee

Her work has to be laid cut forher and acarefu
eye kept lest she engrives some blemish or inace
curacy thatorginally ese. ped the director's notice,

“What do you think of people who pose?” hy
sked, conscious that it was a threadbare but
A subject

The girl at the punch bowl filled a cup and

 

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

   

   

 

 
   

What were the phenomena’ asked the senior I think well of them if they pose well,” she There 18 an engravers shop on the East Side
How do we look tothe outsicer ee Oh, and posing reminds me. [T haye | Where the employees have been at their benches
The eternal question of te college girl!” ex nhoashed to @it for my picture really, | forvears. There is no sign of hurry or the moderns
claimed the peraduate student \iways self shall Have to giveup the gymnasium to find the | (ay tush to get through in this top-loft musi@
conscious, Well, the first thiags Gat struck me} time for the sittings, but I'm going todo it House Everything is Pane i Ole fashioned,
Were the picturesque Cetails, Such as the costumes | Pam only surprised that you pretend being | (dividual fashion, and fasticli us Composers
of the girls About a third of wou study in your ~ked is a novelty.” said the man absently, feel like to have their music printed here The title
gym’ suits ‘It makesmy head clearer to get rid | img Lis way to another subject “Did you sey pages are got up by the er raver also and the
Of petticoats,” one girl sald to meoin explanation. | esmnasiume” )e said business seems so con ive that you migh®
Some few of You go even further in the process Yes.” she said, “and we luneh downtown on almost, expert to find fi + ere in charge of it
aud actually put on men’s cloties. Thereis, for | the way home every day. Don't you Jove qy | stead of New Yi hers On the other side of town
tnstance, a little girkin my hall whowenrsblack | luneh downtown” 18 a big Music Masi B fac ry that turns out the
velvet knee breeenes, a black smiokiig jacket, and \e for the man, he vanished fromthe punch | DU of the pe Per Sane e ROE (dance musié
# liven shirt witha soft tura down eollaranda rea | bow! table as if he had melted. Meanwhile the | Uf the day. aud prnts for the various publishers
tle; a young daudy for you if you please. ‘There | other man was doing his best A blonde girl who ¢ ater t A RODE RE Mt this factory
Is another girl Who bas a sailors costume, wud | was before him, and he was trying to hear what | (bere are three women engravers wane ome
another whe Wears a maus golf suit Thea | she was saving, or if indeed she were saving any p ved at vee arn ne by ey a number
there are sul ethers who wear their own bievcie thing at all About every soft third word was | {! youne © ee neers ie art Mh ., music end
pants They all have the sage excuse Ik | drowned in the buzz and babel of everwbody else's Preparing i me Porpmerit er ‘ Gen ote eap
easter to study without petticoats words It went Hke this : FURS 16 issued hee sheets with ries frontis-
A second third of the girls wear short skirts “Last summer, in Kennebunkport.” said the | Bi@ces alive With colo rin best clas of ene
and the last third discard corsets as well as skirts | blonde girl, 'T was being sketched, and fi orang oo me “wh, “ a , 2 “ " te
and live in undress uniform. blagket wrappers | needs much better than ice,” came from the } ye altion eatiadat ons = Ont reulicae, —
and such things, Just a few pull themselves to Fagan | th t bet kened renius, bu E harmeiiiot . .
ero especially toward evening, and make} though even if the artist hadn t been so el Rg igen 1) ‘Thai with wuivinae ne thn: shin nes
rate toilets. to rest themselves. Se acer civil ateout it * from the blonde girl ant or m i‘ Sagi ae shar vel ir ae wees
sionally wou find a gu ina dow neck  eveninar box plaited skirts having quite gone by in | [UP safes t i Eek Me the Ae OA Rae
dress, legsang ou ver bare elbows over a chemistry | Paris and only “from the left of him ‘a belies tos n a | a vie cd bak aie
ora phy SicS or som Mer else ut wruou } heactually cameina frock coat, and Isabel oh agree ree ‘ oe be n| by epg Foc ag
“The time to see all these costumes is at the | said from the immediate foregrovme ya Nt the eee A inating sitkl ine
Po clock supp The mid year institution was Don't you think #0 too” asked the blonde | Uietes Mu Mt the wong me bain tie aiiniee

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

  

 
 

  

 

 

 

 

   
   

 

 

that her father arrangwed

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

oO great surprise to ome Phe os rmous pitchers | vir
of milk, the trays of tumblers the plattes i eaped | I beg your pardon,” said the man, simply Tur A BO He oe } iD a ‘ a han ae ayt and
With biseuits I set out for commen sump “E knew you'd agree with me.” said the blonde HOW Whena pu Hise : ta ‘ ‘i mK au a song
on the little le in the hall (then the girls | girl, "Pd go for the sake of the voyage if Phad | 004 DOO HE AONB RL AY ABREE Ue NUE amr el
straggling cntoin all their various costumes or) t) come straight back again , ‘ and she M u appre rta ie design romant
lack at costume, utterly Hscious of Ue , Yow. how did she get from the Maine woods be me a sk vif : Wi 4 an sa neet may
ity Phey Lave a quaiat fashion of sprawling ) to sew sickness?” asked the man, stupidly, of him rein iad Niaopint ta emiinale ae ar
agaist the wall as they drink Some talk shop | self, He only inclined his head with the absorbed | UMHAneine | fe teat Ne Mn oe ee
and sone mMalniain an abstracted sieuce, as | lool that made bim a tete-a tete idol 4 GAY BEHOUT Ke ‘eae ne nay sene
though atraid to break their train of thought | [said the club had no right to put her in as | > ee ee re a if aa they have
If there is anything wood for supper however | Corresponding Secretary. I knew she would | the pre ber eqly nent or it hatha ihe J ar
there in an electric spreading of the news, even to | do something outrageous,” came from the Jefe | MearCand (heir compositions are welcome in the
the most distant rooms Hot cakes tonight. or again; the group bad changed, he saw, and the hymn bo k om Wo s ;
ecrullers or ciniamea buns Pass the word and ponderous Woman in a great deal of jet was Few such itive Milis ‘r ers are able le
all the doors open at ouce Ta five minutes the | talking , makeanyvsor it Mm theiredoris, They
platter is cleati } “It Was she who made us vote for that course | VOFk In the wusie h anil iid eitinsial erical
“Except for this supper, there is very little eat | in parliamentary practice,” said the brisk litte | S@Paclty. oF as perform Fee er ttnene!
ing done during mid year’s outside of the dining | woman, snappily of Visite rs those | ublishers Who sell musie
room. "The girls bave uo time to waste on cook | Oh, no. Paris will not be Paris at all while that Se eee Pure Gite BaD PPE te POLE
ing They make coffee and tea, aud dnulk them | the Exposition is on.” came from somewhere or the intry trade h ave MUCH Nee men
purely as stimelants. Sometimes it isa question Tshouldn't care togo over an thee C8 {YB the Ay eL UF cer has thue
whether more lime is gained by drinking them tUs such an intense book,” sald the blonde | & (Ma@bcp fer bringing forward her own compost
than is lost in making them The solution is | girl Donut you think se tons : The msi Composed With tl t Spe wl
usually, ‘Get some one who has no examination The man made an adieu it may have been | Market in view, nitist be taking pular
to morrow to make them for vou several, he Was net sure tothe blonde girl and | must have a ce ey at hous pa ; it em have
“Next to the 9 o'clock supper and the costumes | others, and moved to the door. He threaded either a ge od deal of “ae 1 roa gee | share
the Fagaged’ signs are the most interesting phe: | his perilous wav past snatches and wafta and | (! sentiment It itis ay eo arranwed for the
nomenon Girls put them up at the begining | murwurs of conversation. and mechanic ally nis Cnchers I SMAI villages Ht Must have
of the recess. and keep then up until their last | groped for the flying end of the connection And | ‘is net u quality ss an in press
examination is over Some of them are of brown | atthe doorhe met the first man ‘Together they With the fe hat the pu es DIET ORS
paper with letters a foot loug; some are littl: scraps | went down the stairs and one held up a tinger Women are als employed in ‘hose nisi houses
of white paper, with just Engaged’ written outhem | to the eabman that make aspeciliy of 4 ig Amusement
or Busy, do not disturb’ Some again are in Such @ nice time,” quoted the first man. ab | Companies oul 4 he road. + prlying talent
sugns, lettered to order, or stolen from an office senuly for local entertatt merits (ritls ide vores
I have noticed, too,that when the Kiggs SHES Good Lord! said the other man | of good, strong caliber have t dritled in the
come down at the end the “Asleeo' signs go up | Funny, wasn'tit’’ said the firstman “Lhaven’s » UMary prtieiples + { simstina | stomersa
“Lhavean Asleep sign all ready,” satd the senior | been toone of those since [ was beginning here, Wwhocomein Withat nthetr 5 ell must
“Ibis goiug up this very day No mad revelry | and thought thatsort of thing meant social recog have some one vot that I w r them
of celebration for me. Tam teo tired. Go on | nition and helped me on But, new. take these | OD the pian The tune maser woworth While
with your picturesque details, please same Women ata dinner table or ina) ballroom and the mu 4 ust cure ‘ Negroes
There are no more," replied the graduate student | oreven tetea tete, and they would be — well, other | ™en and Women osueb oo ses pruned
“The restef the story is what you have told your womenquite Now why is it’ With some iinprovisatiot t s ham-
self Thelamps burmongallnightloug. the coffee | *T wonder how the club would seem to an alieu mering out on & plitie to become puler seller,
in the morning aod io the evening, the jeygard | to a woman, for Instance?” said the other man, | fhe Woman interpreter ti ' res a fow
faces atthe dining room table, the ravenous hunger slowly Do you kinow--T don't believe it would bara of melhoiv tha serocan
alternaung with the fastdiousness that rejects | show up very well side of this afternoon Say Work up sony
everything @ Nervoustiess that catises su leery What you like, however, trite or conventional | NS onaumber of Woner roy tors. oF
out atady Unusual nome, orto burst into tears | orartiticial tall may have been: still atthe sane | Assistant editors fer on put t They
with Ho provorAtion.or to see black shadows fol time there wasn'ta hintof ansthing.” confer With the engravers te erof
Jowing thea Ye i have not told all these syinp Noo assented the firestman, ‘there wasn't the composition, st 'y + Crem
toms, but vou have them ' Sull, I don't care about going again,” said | Operas or cantatas as the Shaish
Yes, admitted hesenior “Allthoseand more | theotherman, “if [did havea nice time" and Judge the new eon . . ! ale
Little sleep, hard study dnd noexereise is reason | They stepped out just then at the door of the | These women have nearly eye se been
enough for them To often think of the Russian | elub. and the tiest mandaughed teachers in high grade set ' isa
students 1 Switzerland who are st pposed to keep Vell, what did they talk about?” he asked | been constantly tn commer x ' re they
this sercof thing up fer months ata time and tw |] the other man indertook the more respons \ woman
remember all that prey acquire That 1 enwy _— . has for wears arrar i ! ibva
them ‘To morrow Shall have forwotien every OUR . - . Well known omasayine. ot r other.
‘hing Xs soon Ae LHAte Waban ni edaenianiicn PANCIES OF THE CZARINA, i Sian and hem een cone : com:
[ clear my brain of the rubbish, make it p wai y lings mus waries for pr bushing
empty, and then @ll it up as tast as It ean with | Ome is for Wouderfal Russian Lace and Fi aes Whose spe In) hot music
something oe Another for Black Roses, Characteristic Works of dit tis. collece
LUIS the goad 0 ” asked the wraduate t tone of saic for toachera ' ett
sate ' Rood of tall’ asked the graduate | fie Carina has aroused the wrath of all her | He etn ie ‘are is a me pe |
"Te means marks,” answered) the senio "You ladies, and, runior says, of the Czar hin she has her ands full ‘ ow Yor
know that as well as bo Your recommendatios self. by her studied simplicity in dress, She | has her we vy Women " rs Who Write
asa teacher, your fellowship vour stondimg |) rtily dislikes rormeous cl ry | mus fur miiseme number
in the college ends, Hotbot your mere passits he ty Gissikes gorgeous clothes, and if she con at enmpetent women | ‘ 6) ake
buton your credits and your high credit PherowWn Wishes Would seldom Wear jewels |) themselves ser slv, Wh
Bo oy With marks, the: lyondoaw bu * has one enthusiasm, and that is for the A new resource for enized
with stain . ' i the cnt entertna hor = sing
Perbaps,” said the ser with alirue Russian lace whieh is made ¢ nly for the Russian j te 4 ; itrcnh 1 arr eee e
vardly, however, just as cowardly ist perial family Years ago a tribe of lace’mak | prosided over bw twe I 1 specialty
doawey WH evaminations themselves Nat ‘ ers lived near Archangel, and made by hand { furnishing sine ' r So much
ealiv satisfactory an yellow laceot wa , a ve paid for each | rips are
Had the troubi. we the ' ' ATvelous Cesign and texture aavt wnt art wit) » famous
comes from shut up tagelhe fhe Empress Marie, wife of Mesander IL. deve j singers’ na hat a ron the provrammes
Keach one reaeta « the ‘Ave sis eda passion for this lace, and being a Woman J donot tally withthens os Fee? on theageney'a
that it neresident eotle ere the p whiinis nt for the lace workers, abort 200 | ligt whe the people form th f re’ none
seatter ty different homes. they he st and foreed them to leave their homes and | the wiser \ manahl sine rown catchy
better, in foet, bardly feel that el ai 1 St Pewrsbure The story of their cap | me nto ' graphe Ala song
And the other half of the t ately ‘ and homesickness is a4 pathetic of The |
the senior, “is our utter lack of individual Ww er women of the tribe died, one after another Aiming High.
ere like sheep Tf one goes to an extreme we mesickness and age, but the vounger
follow. TL hnow better than to act as L have acter SUBMISSIVE, Werein perpetual rebellion Many | Prom the Detroit J
and I know from the experiences of the past three sem escaped and rejoined their hushands | The King assembles the roval ars) tects
years just what penalty Lam going to pay vers, and the Emperor threatened to send “Rnild mea temple.” he eonmunds, “an
“LT worry until | wet my marks | My neighbors couples to Siberia, but the Empress, feeling | castly that no «smoker will ever be told ha
worre We all wo Ty tomether Fven thee , ent responsibility in the matter, intervened might have owned. [t had he tobacen
who have played the whole yearand do net rea The «irls Whe stayed in the palace married and | glone

vare if they wet Hunked worry just the same. be
cause itisin the arto worre This, on topofthe | s"
horrible two weeks of examinate completes

ruin. We know what fools we make of ourselves

ere Well provided for, butonly a fewof them are

for the Czarina

living, and they are kept busy making lace | Property OMices, Lofts, or Stores
bk - 7 yi

\nother fad of the Czarina is the black rose. | of all descriptions, whether you seek them er

do the problem just by plain arithmetic, but he She was le out the hall door nresentiv, pro | and yet we keep an. The mid-year period is tie yp has made a sensation in St. Petersburg | have them to dianose of, maka uae ot Tas

never could see it, He always lost pie tem. | testing and areuing. and aomewhe > (1 town the | skelet "he cloeet for every coileme mir! = la \ florist named Fetisoff has produced in his gar | Strw's alvertising coumns A SUN read

repower i and «nid he didn't care wht othe women wih the little tieht veil aad the oversho@@ ; ho eseert Hol tow Dam tow fred te eoncer er ® tose Jat blac! in color and the finest speci- | will always be found @ desirable ¢ cd
{ men he! he wouldn't chew sole leather and | fa cling i all asomebody else i Whos cugmooutweil you putupthe Asleep’ sia , ens are owned by the Czaring j customer. Aco, /