‘
ft

 

 

 

 

PROSPERITY OF MEXICO.

CAUSES OF THE PROGRESS OF OUR
SOUTHMEKN NEIGHBOR,

Part Played in the Development of the Re-
public of President Diaz's Peaceful Rule
Influence of the United States dustry
and Kailroads in Mexico The Outlook,

Mexno, Jan ia The
between the conditions prevailing to day’in Mexico
and thoseexisting in @e South Amenecan republics
is sufficiently marked to afford food for reflection
In many different dimections The natural re-
sources of Mexico are no greater than those of
many of the States on te South American Conte |
tinent; the inhabitants are of Latin origin, as is the
case elsewhere in Central and South America;
the influx of foreign immigraten has been in
finitely less than in Argentina, Hrazil, Uruguay,
or even Chili in past yeors; the foreign capital
Invested in Mexico has been very much smaller
in amount hitherto than that jovested in many |
of her sister republics Tn them circumstances |
it is interesting to examine the omuses leading? to
progress in Mexico ata time when so little advance |
is being made the majority of the |
other Latine American Broadly
speaking, the present epoch of incraasing Mexican

|

 

 

contrast presented

 

by reat

communities

Prosperity may be traced to two prime factors
the first of these is 4 cumparatively prolonged
internal revolutionary
maintenance ¢

is the

period of freedom from
disturbances and the
strong administration
imity of Mexican territory to the United States
and the unconscious influence that this fact exer
cises over Mexican alfairs two main |
factors require some careful agtention in order that
the present postition may be clearly underste: d
and appreciaded

When Gen. Porfirio Diaz first became the Presi
dent of the Republic in 1876 Mexico was seething
with internal dissension and political unrest
The influence of the Roman Catholic Chireh
waa widespread, and constantly axercised against
the constituted Government of the day in conse
quence of the tendency of the adminietrauoa
toward the encotiragement of liberality ef thought |
on all religious questions, ‘These conditions led |
t) attempts on the part of the enenmes of President
Diaz to oust him from office, and it was only bs
unremitting vigilance and prompt action that the
conspiracies formed from time t) time were de
feated and suppressed. Gen Diaz steadily
opposed the influence of the « lergy, and gradually
undermined their power Some years, however
were requisite to accomplish this end ‘lo day
for all practical purpowes, the church inthuence is |
little more than a cipher in the politieal Itfe of the
Mexicans, When Presklemt Diaz again acceded
to the Presidency in 1884, after the term of office
of President Gonzalez, the political situation
was by no means free from the danger of disturb
ancein the shape of pronunelanentos on the part
of designing politicians, It was at this: period
that Gen. Diag took energetically in hand the
difficult problem of creating a police force throug!
out the Republic capable of maintaining order
under normal conditions and also acting 4s troops
In case their services were required in that capacity
It waa for this purpose that the Rural Guard, |
which has since proved of such value in presery
ing peaceful conditions organized and
equipped. On the principle of setting a thief tocatel
athief the President caused the enlistment inthis
force of many individuals of doubtful character
and piratical tendencies. The men were fairly
paid and considerately treated, and they now found
that honesty in the discharge of the duties intrust-
eo! to them was distinetly to their own advantage,
he men of the Rural Guard knew the country
and the inhabitants, and this knowledge
enabled them to lay their bands on the perpe-
trators of criminal actions and to frustrate attempts
aterime with comparative ease, Treasonable con
spiracies against the authorities almost inevitably
became known to the Rurales through their local
connections and revolutionary movements were
nipped in the bud before they had any chance’ to
ripen and cause serious trouble. Gradually this
police system was improved and strengthened until
the existing stete of efficiency was reached, and to
day it isa foree upon which President Diaz ean
implicitly rely in all parts of the country to act
immediately and effectually in the suppression of
any disorder that might unexpectedly arise,

Once a feeling approaching security had been
attained the chief of power took
another step in advance to consolidate his posi
tion A policy of conciliation Was initiated to
ward the opponents of the new regime A judi
cious distribution of official appointments con
verted former enemies inte adherents
to the existing administration. In cases where
these conciliatory measures met With Ho response,
a close vigilance Was kept over the movements
of the individuals, and the scope of their power
for evil against the authorities Was strictly cur
tailed by the watchful eyes of the Presidential
agents. Slowly, but surely, the employment of
the methods referred to definitely established the
power of President Diaz throughout the Republic
In 1888 a reform of the constitution permitted
the re-election of Gen. Diaz’ to the Presidency,
and practically no opposition to his candidature
was Offered by any of tha population

All fear of revolutionary outbreaks being now
eliminated from the situation, President Diaz
turned his attention to the question of the economic
development of his country. The absence of
railway communication between the capital and
distant parts of the Republic had been forcibly
brought home to the cognizance of the President
in hia previous work of dealing with the political
organization of Mexico. ‘To provide easy trans
port to Isolated regions now became a settled
policy of the administration The construe
tion of railways every Where received strong en-
couragement Foreign capital Was necessary
to accomplish successfully this Work of uniting
the City of Mexico With the various producing

districta by extending rail Way enterprise in differ
entdirections. ‘To attract capitalists from abroad
subventions Were offered to companies willing
to assume tho responsibility required for the new
undertakings. Foreign capital soon found that
adequate protection Was assured under the govern
ment of President Diaz, and large sums of money
for the construction of public Works soon flowed
into Mexico. The subventions promised by the
Government Were regularly paid, and a healthy
spirit of progress rapidly developed on all sides
Permanent improvements were effected in many
of the principal cities, especially in Mexico, where
the great drainage canal Was finally completed,
and an immense benefit thereby conferred upon
the inhabitants in the National Capital
The further construction of railways Was un
doubtedly a step in the plan of Gen) Diaz for the
establishment of — al quiet, but he alse fully
realized that industrial progress would imme
diately follow improved means of communica
tion. This proved to be the casein a most marked
degree. The mining industry has increased;
agriculture has greatly extended, and new products
have been cultivated; local manufactures have
sprung intoexistence and nowform an important
factor in the economic life of the nation — In faet,
it may be said thal President Diaz began by dow)
nating the Republic by force, and has since com
pletely subjugated both country and people by
the careful protection and eneouragement he
has afforded to commerce and industry among
the native and foreign inhabitants under his juris
diction. It is a reeord of which the President
may well be proud, and explains why itis that
the Mexicans bay) cousto regard him as an un
crowned king With the right to remain inthe offiee
as chief of the executive during the ramainder
of his natural life
From the elfeet of the personal influence of Gen
Thiaz in Mexico it is inter ng to turn tothe part
played by the United States in the development
of exisung conditions in this neighboring Re
public Twenty years ago the memory ot the
warof 1847 was fresh inthe minds ofthe Mexican
people. They looked with small favor upen
United States citizens and were disinclined to
assist American enterprise in any contemplated
extension of industrial undertakings in: Mexican
territory Foreigners of almost any other nation
AliLy were preferred to citizens of the United Sates

fairly
pr A

fa

the second

These

was

 

the executive

stanch

 

 

 

 

and received greater consideration at the hands
om the Mexican authorities, This attitude of the
people of Vex Arose from a fi ng of having
siffered weongs at the hands of the United States
Goverment in connection with the annexation
1 Me United States of sections of territory over
which Mei rsserted sovereignitv, and alsoto a

sae of soreness that they had boen defeated in

the war of Ihi7— SS
heen #4

inish influence has always
tor in the Mexican situation

 

ywerfu

  

 

 

om account of the position held by Spanish capital
in the trade and commerce of the republic and the
attitued the Spaniards was none too friendly
toward American interests. (Gradually, however,
the proximity of the great and growing nation
of the rth began to exercise a certain effeet upon
Mesicaninsttitions Theesample of continuous
Prosperity Wasa constant lesson not easily pushed
out of sucht ond to some extent it hypnotized
many of the Mexicans, A wish to follow in the
footstens the United States has slowly perco-
Intel tho nuh many distriets of Mexico and this

has in course of time induced a spiritof emulation
which ads pmo to be a prominent feature in the
future developmentofthe country. The Mexicans
are to a certain degree still afraid of the United
Stotes and the extension of American influence
to the south, but this does not prevent them from

 

 

 

 

ado
ae everyday life and business, Poasibly
they follow unconsciously the example set by
their Ango Saxon neighbors. But none the less
the widespread adoption of northern habits and
customs is becoming more notable with every
year that passes

The opening up of through ellwer communi:
cation between the City of Mexico and the United
States has helped greatly to break down former
prejudices and served to harmonize many formerly
contlicting ierests An interchange of the com
modities of the (Wo Countries has been established
on a sound commercial footing and business re
lations, especially during the last decade, have
expandedan a manner satisfactory to beth nation
alities. ‘There has been no ag@ressive policy
op the part of the United States Government
to alarm the Mexican people of distuch friendly
feeling between the two administrations On
the other hand American capital has found that
Mexico offers many facilites for investment and
that protection is afforded by the authorities to
bona fide undertakings. The union between
the two countries has consequently become steadily
closer and the example and precept of American
ciuzens tends always to exert indirectly an is
creasing and henefcial influence over the bulk
of the population Lt produces competition and
stimulates trade, two qualities in which the Lata
races ore lamentably Aeliciant when left to them
selves It also helps to develop a spirit of in
dividual initiative, a most necessary and valuable
ehoracteristic in a country of great natural and
comparatively undeveloped resources such as
Mexico is today ana will be for years to come

\ factor in the present situation of Mexico is
the fashion which has sprung up of recent years
of making Mexieo @ resort for many Americans
who wish to escape the rigors of a Northern win
ter ‘The effect of this custom has been to revolu
tonize the sogal and eeonomie conditions in many
directions ‘Twenty vears ago it was the excep
tion to hear the Buglish language spoken in the
kireets of the national capital to day the reverse is
the case, and English is heard in the streets, and
is spoken in the majority of the stores and hotels
in all the principal towns, ‘The influx of winter
visitors has brought new branches of trade Into
existence to supply the fresh wants created, and
the custom is rapidly producing a better under
standing between the people of the two coun
tries, [Et must not be forgotien that Mexico offers
the point of least resistance to any overflow from
the United States, both on account of climate
and the general conditions of fe. As the popula
tion of the Cntted States increases, and lands
become dearer for farming perpen, the drift
will certainly be toward the south and into Mex
ican territory, as, indeed, is already noticeable to
some extent ‘The children of these settlers are
Mexican citizens, and as the proportion of this
fresh blood becomes greater Mexico as a nation
will grow stronger

‘Tie present condition
by President Diaz in his message to Congress on
the oceasion of the opening o
Sept 16, 1800, and the facts set forth are remark
able evidence of the progress mede in the past two
decades. ‘The President says

The country’s railroad system now aggregates
13.889 kilometres (4.336 miles}, including 193
ldlometres of private branches connecting with the
lines subject to Federal jurisdiction, and 482 kilo
metres of tramway belonging to the States. The
upward movement of the Pederal revenue, which
began some years back, far from ceasing, was
Alntained With greater vigor during the last
fiscal year, the normal revenue for that period,
which Was estimated at 851,659,000 when the
budget Was presented to the Chamber, having ex
ceeded $59.000,000, 4° fieure which the annual
yield of the pablic revenue has never before at
tained. ‘The greater part of this increase is due
to larger receipts in the way of import duties and
the stamp taxes, the former exceeding the collec

 

 

   

 

tions of 1807 V8 by 85,000,000, while the latter
Were more than 823,000,000, whereas they were
estimated in the budget at only $21,208,000 [tis
a pleasure to me to inform Congress that the

amount of revenue collected exceeded the expendi
ture authorized both by the budget and by
quent laws, and that after all changes have heen
meta surplus has remained on hand, whieh will be
added to the funds already deposited in the Banco
Nacional de Mexico

No better proof of the inrprovement in Mexican
national credit can be quoted than the reeent con
version of the external gold debt Bv this opera
tion the rate of interest was reduced from 6 per
tod per cent. and the different loans con
solidated, thus effecting a further saving in the
costof the annual service. Tn this conversion the
sum oof £13,000,000 was taken by bankers tn
Europe and the United States at 06 per cent, with
the option of purchasing the remainder of the
new issue at O7'4¢ pe The total amount of
the bond issue was £23,000,000, and so weil was
the first portion received by the general public
that the bankers interested Immediately exercised
the rightofoption for the remainder over and above
the first £13,000.000 already mentioned. The
bonds vielded, therefare. the total of £22.700.000
to the Mexican Government The operation is a
most useful indication of the confidence President
Diaz has succeeded in establishing in] Mexico by
the maintenance of peaceful conditions through
out the Republie dunng bis long tenure of office,
and forms 4 most encouraging view of the eondi
tions existing in Mexico in comparison with those
existing in the remainder of Spanish American
countries, equally wealthy in natural resources,
but cursed by the constant presence of internal
disturbances, and it should serve as a useful
sbieet lesson to South Americans

The commercial situation in
be Judged by the statistical ims published
for the fiseal vear ending on June 30 last These
official returns are somewhat confusing in the

subse

 

cent

  

 

  

exico can best

  

 

 

 

 

   
      

    

 

   

 
   

   

  

 

 

 

 

the Chambers on |

 

American methods and ideas in many | is confined

 

 

THE SU

to production for home consumption,

| and the quantity of cereals and other crops ta

is barely sufficient to meet the local demand under
the most favorable condiltons, the necessity
for importin breadstulfls invariably arising
whenever @ shortage occurs in the annual rain-
fall Agriculture is dependent upon facilities |
for irrigating the cultivated lands, and the avail- |
able area is consequently limited, although it |
mucht be greatly increased if better facilites for
storage and distribution of the existing Water
supply Were intelligently established in the agn
rultural districts, In so far as tropical agri
culture is concerned, Mexico has many valuable
resources inthe tropical and semi tropleal zones,
where an abundant rainfall is seldom lacking,
Sisal hemp is one of the most important prod
ucts of the country, and Was worth inthe United
States currency no less than 81 200,000 in 1507,
82,250,000 in 1898 and 82,480,000 for the frst
seven months of 1890. Tn view of the decrease
in the World's supply generally of this fibre, it
iw only reasonable to suppose that the production
in Mexico will continue to increase on account
of the facilities for its growth in the low-lying
lands of Yucatan and elsewhere in the Republic
\nother established product of Mexico is: coffee
The present average annual output available
for export may be approximately calculated at
25,000 tons; but new plantations are constantly
coming into being, and e ling vear of
the next decade sh the
production

The question of
diarubber tree in

 

eres
uld sew an inerease in
the cultivation of the in
exico has, as yet, hardly
been considered seriously, aldhough some attempts
in this direction bave already been made, The
matter is, however, one worthy of the attention

of people at home and absoad ino view of the

increasing demand forthe gum. ‘The indiarubber |
tree grows lusuriantly in the tropical forests of

Southern Mexico and a certain amount of gum |
is annually exported but hitherto in ¢
paratively insignificant quantities The eulti
vation, export and manufacture of tobacco are
also becoming valuable industries For
raising Mexico offers many and varied natural
advantages especially in the temperate regions
ofthe higher plateau land on the northern froutver
Many sections of the semi tropical districts e

 

 

 

 

 

stock

  

algo well adapted for ranching purnoses, and
provide abundant pasture. ‘The drawback te
breeding cattle in the torrid ne, however, is

| the worry the animals are subject to during the

summer months from the plagues of mosquitoes,
flies and other forts of tropical inseet life
Notwithstanding the many directions ino whieh
substantial progress has been made under the
rule of President Diaz during the last twenty years,
Mexico has still a large number of pressing and
serious economic problems to solve. To the matter

 

 

of education reform is urgently required, and a
} complete change of system is necessary At
resent primary instenetion is delegated to the

of Mexico ts described |

States and municipalities, these being aided by
grants of funds from the Natioiual Government
Official statistics published in 1498 gave the num

     
     
 

   
   

ber of sehoo upported by the various States
as 6,852. a the municipalities as 4.218. The
number of teachers in both classes of establis!

ment Was stat the atter ce

   

fto be 13.3
of pupils was returned as
algo 2.442 private and «¢
attendance of TO 56

"There were
schools with

        

   

 

 

 

pupils ut prim ti f iM Hy
about 3.8 per cent nated total n Hen
of the Republe Che cost of education for the
period referred to was pl rt SAGA BLO pees
or about $2,500,000 in United States rr \
The Mexicans are apathetic as tot ! rhanae
of th: ques th of the select te ‘ay
eational — freilltic and altl primary
) instruction is nominally — free and vor

 

rely stri
effectual
by the

pulsory the law on the subject is r
enforced. There is not y effort at
Insnection of supervision he sehools
national authorities, nor is any
introduce improved methods of teaching

 

¢

 

   

    

 
     

 
    
 

 

 

    

 

   

 

formity with the experier this direction gamed
by other nations. and especinity tl von
in a country in such roximitv as the te] Stat }
Another problem offering: no easy solution is the
future of the Indian races in Mexic Less than
20 per cent of the pe tien Classified as
white blood and probat the tha er is
tof much amatl r limenst s ! won ) {
more tl TOO OOO ft} neabitar are indian
or with a intef in nh hhoad r
veins =W minally the Indians, equally
with the whites, have rights of rons ipinreality
} no such condition eval It net too much
1 say that the ican Indian today has als |
Intely no partin the nat { Unis
jin spite of the wreat mumerical preponderance |
of his race in the Repubh These Indians at
present show littl rv tat this anomalous
state of affairsand are quietand peaceable enough,
with the excention f the Vaquis north and
some ofthe more uncivilized people of the southern
districts It is impossible, hawever, that tha!
existing svstem, which ignores the eivil righis
of the great majority of the population. can cen. |
tinue fer an indefinite period. Sooner or later |
the Indian section of the Mexicans will discover
their power and insist unen justice being granted
them, Some method or planof education is most
Imperatively mew Government
ean eradual ling of tt
Indian f citizenship
and the sof taking
partir } not
Vee ay n, whic s
now the keynote of the treatment of the Indiar
population. is not only ae no but
it also serves to restriet t nofanit
portant factor in tl nat nel at
of the greater labort wh perform
under cireumstanees from niracting

 

   

influences at werk teeday were elit

 

   

  

  

   

 

 

 

    

 

 

   

 

 

 

    

 

 

   

   

   
 
   

form in Which they are compiled owing to the < mich denenda uoMm the | i.
fac lue « yore yereh ise ' wre " mw ¢ 1 t
act that the valu imported mer Nandise 8) 1D az for the continuance of progressive conditions
given in gold dollars, while that of the products | neice) that it hMicuit th credict © ‘
exported is calculated in silver” To simplify | ns alter bin Goaih, ‘The Prvaident nace
these conditions in the present instance all values | sq voars of ace and fae se remain at anal dt
have heen reduced to the approximate equivalent affairs for another decade . ‘ 1 he "
in United States currency. The oficial classifi. | thinking Mekicane that the Renuh? 1 ty fae
cations and values of imports for the years 1898 aAy nce hit tha rire Arh ; Pld alin
and 1899 are stated to be as follows Gen. Diev does r that the gen f
mn 1 . OCeur ' ' ! nes of
Clase fiertion ! ee " a 9 . Iministration now in fer vil] not ! rhe!
. ta certain that v4 ' ;
Animal prod $8,559,100 $2,887,444 $1,213,0058 | Duace amt aid enucuaea ar tear!
Veg'able prod, 24,284 8,060,229 1,97 ° anerity make the on f intornal strife
Mineral prod. 12,294,413) 11.804,5R1 AAR OF ae Ar :
Textiles prod. 9,405,804 NT Q.aho no7e | less likely in the futur i r‘ rs f
Chemi'l prod 2,078,405 1,140,458 18) «| the existing regime will do much t neclidate
Spirits and firmly the elements of stability and prog
jquors 2,802,858 408,172 ——___.- —
Paper and — a ieote —
paper prod 1,820 14 1,381,916 487, TIVE-CENT WHISKEY,
Machinery 70 2 W275 1,717 — “
Is hicles ca Te 9,800.87 BO.8e4t | A Class of Cheap Saloons Which are Found
ni . ;
; MDIOSITOS «., 1,221, 1,618,233 Aaa nnat Profitable in This City.
Miscellaneous 1.421! TARE AHF woe Some of the worts and phrases in use among
Total S50, 80,104 B48 M08 402 whiskey drinkers in New York have what may
Fee ap naa THWM, 87,265,702, be called a local sicnifleans well understood
tLowe, $416 mie. herenbouts, but of very little meaning elsewhere
The importation for the year ending June | \ “hook in’ or “hooker 1 mornir f
30, 1800, was from the following countries: strong whiskey A“morgue L poorly furt ed
Vationalily Po uemn saloon, patronized only by the need d thirsty
arn t'oin, ,
United States Gervennneees ° > | customers. It is usually ona treet and its
United Kingdom, ..@..... Hiward appearance “oO UniNViting to repel
Germany te . |
France. . ie esrs | the ordinarily convivial \ “bunial is the
Spain ‘ ores Qeeeees | New York name fora drink of ordinary w ‘
Bue iar ten exo. ureter ns distin tfrom adr taal fied
India seneeiee brand whi ts more and ppose better
ly '
sy Pland - ; anid te be sbrupe t tox t ilities
Asiatic countries other than India The phrase “down in the deep is A technical
Africa “ “ sig nee hte while winds en v of
Central and South America vine BIihien ues inderstood by most
Unspecified ‘ : ¢ whiskey drinkers requir ne explanntion
Total. $50.4e0.1 ‘ In the cheaper order of places in hsp rituous
ota tere HO, Mey ”
, i i 5 liquor ly are dealt in and wi ” !
The routes by which the trade in Imports | . a a ’ na
was carried to Mexico {9 indicated by the fol. | and brandy are sold: from ssheads or barrels,
lowing return itiseustomary to keep tweog ! feach, the finer
Valu rr \
Via Northern frontier $14,728,285 | And less deleterious grade, w cost
Via Southern frontier ‘ +s Ww ta] a glass and the lower and le exp ve erie
Via Gulf of Mexico : Seated c 7.4 ‘oe y ‘ 1
Via Pacific Ucean.......... 00s eueecay 2 ath whieh is retuled for five cents, for wh '
. Ce cle of supply s in . This
The exportation of Mexican products in Taug | reeePhcie oF supp pareve, Tie Wcepiart
forthe twelve months ending June 80 of that | accordingly, ba ¥ reason of i renter depth
year showe! a gain of $4,750,000 in United | and eapacits known as “the deep” and a
States currency over the corresponding period wiaon dealt r | ft
of the previous year. The exports comprised: | | sihittl , ern
ulus in Of spirits asks fer Sone from the deep ewhat
Deacription Cy s.eom, | as connoissen fovester hw for
Mineral PPODUCIE....000.crecesccerssecseee $93, 100.0 0 adozenin g the deep shell
Vegetable products OA O.K00 Of recent ve wena very marked
Antal products $,H00,000 mes 4 5 Saunt trdsians  9\0n - oa
Nag ifactured producta., $'800/000 ey tase A th bu in +d he bw city loons
Miscellaneous products tsaovg | Healing only in spinitiious iquors, or, as thes are
= 4 | Semetimes called five cent Whiskey lowuse
Total Sie ce $40,183,000 The business of these establishments is carried
m ' ‘ hietty tiring th norning ' and late
The countries purchasing the bulk of the MS nlehi ceri ann . ae a Ar a a
ue ewe ‘ret G tinder ¢ i s ich )
produce of Mexico were: | such expenditure to the proprietor as has to be
Nalin I Vauein | met by the ordinary saloor r Noela r
iy ‘our
inited tate $810 Com | fixtures are required or desired by
‘ . bi y There yi moirror } 7 A on He t al '
United Kingdom....... eeveiee 7o00.000 | [Phere are no tir ody t
Germany 000 design no hardwood omam no metal mekel
Franc OOo fixings, no other tishments, only oa ll
Belwium o.ood | Unobtrusive, un ‘nitous and deed ur
Bpain...... ooo | sympathetic ra few copper measures, a funnel
- " ; )
Hovland ooo | anda few glas Phe proprietorof sueha place
Cuba , ’ 2,100,000 | is under no obligation to supply free lumen to
Central and South Amertes. ro otheir bewuile

Other countries

 

Percentage of total sent to U.8.......
The subjoined tableshows the progress made
{n the international commerce of Mexico dur-
ing the last half dozen years, the periods being
calculated from July 1 to June 30 in each case:

  

    

Deor Jmiorte, krpor’s

DAVB-94,..ceceercrcseesee $30,987,080 S35.07140
INvde 4.000,440 $5,427,470
Landis 42,205,058 62,508, 450
PBh-U7 reeeesene 42,2 f 5S.475,240
TmW7- Ws, 44,408,402 4.480 570
Tse -uy OM bee HH, 165 000

Industrial

development bas taken place to
& marked ext

itin Mexico during the last ten

 

 

 

years. ‘The mineral with of the Republic
ing been the Principal resource in the past, and
forms the most valuable product to-day in spite
of the low price of silver, the chief metal hitherto
exploited in th inttry. Other minerals than sil

ver are now rapiily bew
in the situation Me
of low grade gold ores w)
tested and Worked UCntila comparatively recent
date these ores Were not sufficiently rich to admit
of mining being carried on profitably by the old
process of extracting the precious metal. The
successful adaptation of cyanide in the recovery
of the wold has completely altered former con
ditions, Notably has this heen the ease in El Oro
fields in the State of Mexico, now attracting a
large measure of attention both inside and out-
sidethelimitsofthe Republic Indeed. at present
Mexico promises to become one of the great gold-
producing centres of the world in the r fu-
ture, ‘The late rise in the value of copper hae
caused the careful inspection of copper deposits
in various districts ase the Workin this dipve tion
of mining is rapidly extending. With this wealth
of gold, silver and copper, the output of minerals
promises a steady and substantial grow) in
the future,

Agriculture in the accepted sense of the term

!

 
  
 

ung important factors
contains large areas
lich are gradually being

  
 

 

  

patrons or to furnish

 

  
   

ment, or slot uv giving char
acter for the raction He does not deal in
beer or Wines, he does not sell cigars or cigaretios
He does not countenance or encourage the use
of his place as one of meeting for friends or for
convivial intercourse, but deals only with patrons
as Casual Visitors Whe are te be supplied for cash
rigidly in every instance, with a fiveceent drink

ora ten centdrink after the consumption of which |

the patron is expected to, and d usually, d
part The three chief items of expense in such
places, therefore, are first, the rent, second, the

    
  

license fees to the State and ¢
ment, third, the cost of liq

The call for drinks fro
enough to keep in some pl
and a somewhat curious fae

leral govern

 

np” is large
ices Several men busy, |
in Whiskew drinking

 

 

 

 

and Whiskey selling im Ne York is this The
hetter th jualit Whiskey. the smaller the
drink of it? Vin each ind the poorer
the quality of Whiskey. the lar thedrink, Drinks
seem to be governed by a sliding seqle Wherehy
eight drinks of twenty-cent whiskey costing

81.60 and six drinks of fifteen cent whiskey coste
ing ninety are of about the same quan
tity as two drinks of five-cont whiskey, costing
ten cents. Tf other thines were equal and the
demands of fivecent whiskey « were an
numerous and as urgent as tl
drinking a better erade

cents

ers

 

Of article. there would

be small profit in the sale of cheap whiskey, but
the faci is that the expense of maintenance of
saloons is on the sliding scale + and many a

store, the patrons of which get witions from
“down in the deep,” does hetter in a year than the
more liberally-patronized and more expensivel y-
conducted corner Liquor saloons

ein tit
ip lit

 

NOTICE OF REAL ESTATE AvcTION
SALES
0 ocegy ach ay are print 1 in Tag Monwiwe
UN. 3 will meet one of your require
if you are Interested fo Real lstata—4 romonte

 

 

THE BANK CASHIER'S FATE

AND THR TRAMP WHO REJECTED A
FORTUNE OF 8100,000,

 

 

Light Thrown in a Prison Upon the Sequel
of a Defaleation—The Wreck of the
Train and the Meeting at the Hoboes’
Camp—Natural Gas Settles a Problem,

“Colonel,” said Shorty, the head hallman, one
day when stealing up into the prison hospital he
found the old banker quite alone and at restin his

favorite corner, “Colonel, it's glad 1am to chance |

upon you without anny of thim blokes a-hangin’
eround to work you for ell you're wuth, for there's
# questing I've been more than anx'us to ask you,
In your good days, when you was the high cock
of @ metropoliing bank, did you ever know @
cashier by the name of David Grammont!”

The old Colonel raised himself upon his arm
and looked sharply at the hallman as if doubting
that he had heard aright) “Do IT know anything
about Grammont” he repeated “Curse him! 1
know all about him; why, he was my cashier.”

“Thin, sir, if it wouldn't be astin’ too much,
would you mind tellin’ me the sarcumstances
connected with his takin’ the French leave he did,
that is, presumin’ he's the same wan to whom
1 has reference?”

"The old Colonel sighed and his hands trembled
“Ldon't know why [should revive painful memo
ries,’ he said, “unless, unless you can tell me some
thing of his fate”

“PLL tell you that same now without anny bar
ging,” said Shorty “He's dead, and he's been
good and dead these ten year; butif you wants to
know how and why, thin Tl must ast you ag'in to
tell me the sarcumstances of his leavin’ in order
thatT] may git the proper connectun of ewents in
my nut

“So he is dead, and has been dead all these
years,” reflected the old Colonel, “when I have
pictured him in the four quarters of the earth,
livimge Like @ prince on the money he stole, and
utterly indifferent to the ruin he left behind him
Dead, and ten years dead’ God, what a world
Where sober fact turns into shame the
wildest conjectures of the imagination, He was
my evilwentus, Shorty; and itis rghtthat P should
find out all Pecan about him. Not only did) his
ns cause us to have recourse to certain
irrewularities which were ofterward charged up
toe, but his absence during my trial was

this ts,

defaleati

  

 

 

most d indeed, my lawyers said) that
lis testimony murtht have saved me But what
is there for me ty tell you? He disappeared with

large moof money and was never heard of
after Examination showed that he had been
stealing for vears, though so cleverly as not to
be suspected) Whatelse is there that you would
know

“Was he marret””’ asked Shorty

No," replied the old Colonel, “but he was be
trothed, et you know, to a very lovely girl
She left town when the scandal was atits beight
to visit her sister, who lived somewhere in Ohio,
and while there died of a broken heart

Hlow much boodle did he git away with?" con-
tinued Shorty

waged,

\s nearly as we could calculate, he took $100,-

OOO in large bills.’

Whew! whistled Shorty, jumping up from his
stool and pacing the floor with his hands in his
pockets; “whew! and T might have copped the
whole bunch! Gee, what & good thing IT would

have been’ “One hunder t'ousand plunkers!
Why, you couldn't count thim in @ year's ume,
and aman would have to be a rig'lar Methuselay,
so he wud, to use thim up at the rate of a dollara
But Leouldn'’t do it, Colonel; and I'm glad
itain’t my lav; glad, like the feller in the prayer
book forthe things he leftundone, Butif, as you

ty, noone suspicled what Grammont was a-doin’
of, why did helightout just when he did?”

“Tve heard that question asked and considered
before,” said the old Colonel There was abso
lutely no more reason, from the condition of the
bank, whys he should have fled then than at any
time during the previous year. Indeed, the ex-
iminer had justrendered a clean report, ao there
likelihood of his being relieved from
anxiety in that direction for the next six months
The most rational conclusion we could reach
was that he left when he did because the new

lay

was every

extradition treaty
to go into effect \s a matter of fact,
before it did

Thin, Colonel, if he struck Canady afore mid
night couldn t have been brought back,

ted until the

left

 

nextday

 

Pexactly

Wiin did you diskiver the defalectun, as you

the very next morning. It wasn t pos

si

 

lls of that denomination
troo with my examinatun
The mud has settled,

cried Shorty
I sees it all

stream of currint ewents is as clear as a spring in
{ “ Is And now to tell my story, Colonel,
which I'm glad to do, as it may make you think
that a poor hobe aint tee totally vicious, even
If he ds Constitootenally awerse to Workin’, except

Whin under durest
It Was ten year ago, it were, in the spring time
ad jet come out of winter

1]

 

 
 

Where, and Was trampin’ ‘roo the State, enjyin’
the saloogerty of the early sunshine and the song
af t burds, whieh had alse jest got back from
their compulsry tiflbernatun. [To was alone, for
the by nt Cot towither yet, though it was
well kneowed they was convergin’, from Albany,
Uticky, Lancaster, Kutfalo, Cleveland and Beloit
to s pintoin Olde, where ginerous natur had
pervided a retreat not by hands, to quote |

  

    

 

 

 

    

agin from Seriptur Wasoon the tow pat in
course, but not tar from the railway line, and now
and thin the cars go) Wluzzin by, and feel
a pity re passer a sguintin outer
the winder and gittu ibout af (square of
enery, instid of takin in the hull, nateral
landscape by ridin’ on the bumpers, you know
As nightfall hem oon. DT continooed my stroll, be
euz the air, it Was bammy, and thin, TP hadn't
truck quite the win barns for a nights
lodgin’, whieh by t Way Colonel, is deteroratin’
from the mood old ¢ Why In some ofthim
how, they have neha ftall, while in odders,
they packs the dern stiffin so tight, that y

 

 

  

 

 

 

git mere room for kiekin’ round free and ea
In theiduterorefacottr ail, so you wud
>] perambulatedon, well knowin’ whin I
et got tel 1 {he ono press of business
to call me early, mudder dear Well, as T was
chewin the cud of gintde rethietun, under the eam
' ce ofthe moon, Pheer a aweful sereee}in
Tom the tracks, and a wreekin’ train wint by
a Mare) zephyr off oo a hurrah Arter a
ile, TE ikem to switelhimans hut ‘Whats
p’ dast Collision, he groaned, ‘about a mile
an the road They ve got things pretty well
strais netoout, but God, He alone knows, hew
ma have been kilt So Pmosied along. thinkin
a ow Tomight find somethin’ in the wreekage
that would be wath mw while

It mitist have
though whin Pe

been a feartil accident, Colonel
t there the livin and dead had

 

 

 

been removed, the tracks cleared, and unly the
smashed cars a bunnin’ off to the side. Th was |
place where two lines crossed, bet} oof thim
on pritty hoembankments, and from the way
the ground was tored up, you'd have though
a drove of elephants, crazy with Uirst, had been
root’ for water” LT Was skeered by the loneli
and the leery shadd the fire cast so Lducked
dowg the bank and struck aerost country, leavin

}

     

¥ waluables that might have been overlooked
to the spirits of thim that had owned thim. It

 

so happened ino my rattled conditun L plunged
cqown the highest part, whieh let me into a reg'lar
cully with a nasty litte stream creepin  Uroo

it, all thick with weeds, and lookin’ as if it had
had its full share of selitood sence the world began
And T guess T was about the fust pioneer, that
is the fust voluntary one, for there was no feet
prints of the sarelin’ party; but as I waded t'roo,
there, stuek in the mud, and half kivered with
it, | kem acrost the body of & man

“A young man, he were, Colonel, well dressed,
clus shaven, with that queer naked look about
the ips that tells you that he used to weara mus
tache Tle was ghastly pale, and there waa a

 

 

little streak of blood on his cheek, but I geen no |

wound of anny kind, and so concluded that he
had died of shock, as, indeed, anny one might
arter bein’ trun that distance so vi'lently. I

bent over him, a feelin’ of his heart, whin my |

hand touched somethin’ hard:
inner pocket of his wes'cut IT drawed a long, red
wallet. T opened it, Colonel, and held it up to
the light there wasa name writ acrost the lining,
and that name was David Grammont. And
inside the War'us compartments there was more
yool dough than Td iver dreamed of, new bills,
vid ont in rig lar order, with enough aughts
etter the one on each of thim to make a man think
he'd struck a collictun of lottery prizes
me creepy, toe, it did, to stand there, alive, with
one nickel in my clothes, and that deader tn front
of me with enough of the real stuff to buy out and
sellagin the hull world, Colonel, Llooked around
There was noone nigh, Then, I run the wallet
back into his west.and buttoned itup tight, and
jest.as 1 did so, that dead un opened hia eyes
He laid still fora moment, payin’ no attentun
to me, but takin’ in the seane; the car tracks,
the bunnin’ wreakage, the ploughed-up eart’,
and with ivery glanct his expressun growed
more tremindously horrible, At last he opened
his mout’. and this is what he said, the wery last
thing I was expectin; ‘What time ia it?” says
he. What time? whin he didn't know whether
he wasn't plumb landed into etarnity | ‘Jedgin’
by the persitun of the heavenly bodies,’ says I,
‘it's about a8 nigh a aa it's goin’ to be
for the nex’ twanty-foor rs, saya |. Blow
me, Colonel, if he didn't go and t'row a fit to onct,

and out from the

 

 

ee

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 190

with Great Britain was about

but
you might have

je to conceal the absence of so large an amount |

and the hull

quarters, You kuow

   

Tt made |

Sn

 

 

 

tee on)

ews

dreffle to behold, which I wouldn't have stood | STORIES OF ADIRUNDACK GUIDES,

needer, only 1 was afeered he'd turn over and
drown hisself face downward.

“Arter a litte, when he kem to, I dragged him
upon the bank, and I says, says I, ‘Now, you
est set there and I'll hurry to the village and
ring help.’ Colonel, | tought he was goin’
to do annudder, he was that eager to stop me,
‘Well, thin, what can I do for you, Mr. Gram
mont?” says 1 polite like, Lord, but it was only
by bitin’ his lips and eclinchin’ his fist, that he
kep' it back, thin! ‘How do you know my name”
he ast. ‘Shure,’ says [, is writ big enough
in your wallet.’ He clapped his hand in his
) chistand brung itout, and runned it over, ‘And
| you didn't take none” he cried, ‘Nope,’ says 1,
‘they'd ball and chain me without furder proof,
directly | tried to change one of thim long-greets;
besides, we don't do Business on a cash basis
in my line,’

“What is your name and what is your line’
he ast.

 

Shorty is my Christun name,
Amoriky my natun,

Jails is my ristun place,
And tranpin's my salvation,

says I, thinkin’ to amuse him by breakin’ into
ee but I don’t think he even noticed the swing
of it

“He set there for so long a time, with his head
in his hands and a swingin’ to and fro like a old
Woman doin’ the coronach that ] made up my
mind to put up @ sneak, the more that I tought
him bot dob'us in his antecedents and queer
in his ways, But the moment 1 made a move
he was onto me. ‘Hold on,’ he says
ask you; you go wanderin’ about the country,
and don't no one disturb you? Isn't the autori
Ves arter you with all kinds of questings, and
won't they put you under destraint if you don't
give a good accountof yourself’ ‘Not > much,’
Says 1; ‘they're too sick of takin’ care of us all
Witter to bother us in the spring. So long as
they don't see no sign of setiin’, they let us be,
hi: inabbe, settin’ up a eold bit, to help us
'

  

‘ our Way

“Thin, take ome with you,’ he begged, ‘until
Tecan make up my mind whatis bist for me to do.
IT dont care where you go, Ul go along, too
tell you plainly, Tm an trouble, and have got
w keep dark, DT see you are an honest man, avd
Wont betray what lve got with me In my
other pockets, T have enough small bills to keep
Us goin’ and Whin the time comes for me to leave
you, Ti see that you dont lose nothin by it
Take me with you, or Ti kill myself." “Mut
you're burt; you aint got the proper clothes,
objected. "Twas only stunged,’ said he, ‘and
as for my clothes, look here And, Colonel,
he stood up and Shaked Lisself, and thimilligint
clothes, whieh Thad fancied so, hung in slireds
about him, all ripped to the dival and back agin
from the bangin and rakin hed got in the col
lisun With a touch of car grease here and a dab
Poof muck there, you wouldn t see a better outfit
ina Bowery boordin’ house

Well, Colonel, Tallus tried to be good natered,
for its the only kind of good that comes easy
foame, and so, not wantin’ to sav, no, Psald, yes;

—.

 

 

and arter rubbin his bands with bark, and lis
face with sumac, and daggin outa busted hat
for him from the ruings, and warnin him to
slouch along, and not walk as if he owned some
Hun, him and me took the road and kep it for
the nex’ tree weeks, sleepin omosdy by day
and trampin be naght, whin the weather was
fine, for in eo'tse le lad no kind of a eonstitee
tun, bein used to bedelothes all bis life Uf
Was Hib'ral in bis way, eomin down with the
(ull for tobaccer and beer, wheniver they was

couwWen ent, but as for sassity
as Well have been ca
tin muniniles

rots with one of thim Feyp
that stand around and spile feasts

    

as Live heerd tell ot He did nothin but mope
long, muttering as be wint, a seen a Pinker
in ¥ scarecrow, and & twitelin at iver
sound ike a man with the horrors: and if) iver
he had auy sand in him, ithad been well dumped
out, you kin bet, ino the eollistun. Tt was
prissin’, Colonel, arter one had been sizhin’ for
jov alcomp ny trooa tree mont bit

“And Ltought [was on my way to find it, you
kin b lieve, for all the while [| had been makin
4 bee line for the meetin place in Ohio, TP told
vou of \ beaut'us place it was, Colonel

hid
us’al hants of the
seats in the vi

tn the woods, and off from the
| rich city folks that had countr

 

 

; Clty, Fet jest near enough to have a rege lar
} cinch on hand-mecouts, to say thin’ of the
choice of ‘ristocratic hen-coops. It was an old
ieht car, which had been desarted by a per
spectin’ party what was goin’ to build a braneh
road to an ile weil, which give out and eo
quently the idee of a road with it It had a slidin
Goore, in coorse, which let in air whin desired

and as for light, it didn't need no winders In
} the cintre of the floor there was @ hole eut out,
and over this a steve lad been set, by a ehap
that knowed his biz, with a bit of pipe stiekin
upon bot’ sides And in the spring of the year
When the nights still kem down cool, you couldn t
be more cosey, no, noteven up in this ere ‘ors
pital, with all the dillcacies of the seasona timpt
In your appetite
“And now Tos pose you want to know how it
Was that things could be so serumptus fi see!
® jint Well, Til tell you. That ere car was
wt right over the pipe that had been let down
for ile, and no ile kem up, nateral gas did, not

 

  
 

in boomin quantities, at least so far as Lknowed,
but gintly, and jest enough for light and heat
and Cookin’ pupposes, arter that dy hobe
had arranged it proper, And so, when we ar

rived there arter nightfall, [ truly expeeted to
find the place all lit up and filled to repletun with
the aleet of the gang; the can a suecculatin§ free
{ and fresh meata brilin'for any one to cut his bit

 

 

 

 

      

 

   

  

) from and no objections But Colonel, that
invitin jint was as cold and black id desarted
asthe coolerdurin a week of rewival

‘T led the way in, Colonel, all wonderin’: and
the smell of the was, it was awful Arter plu
“ rthe pipe and airin’ her out for a wi 1
“ fto make a itm with the tail end “a
tallerdip, and | round == ‘The byes had been
there sartin’, and eft in a hurry too; for the
stove dt had been kiesed over ina corner and the

np stools and beddin’ was piled up permiseuous
the best fimy judgment, there had been some
sortofmix uporserap, acatastrofe likely to occur

 

Inthe most gen ul of comp'ny. whin the stale heer
has stood too long, and so T explained to Gram
ment
He paid no attenting to my wuds, Colonel,
but throwed hisself down on the pile of beddin’,
as obliv'us to the beaut'us t(ransmicratun, arter I
had set back the stove, and touched off the gas
; Pipes, and the lights was a blazin’, and the heat
wasasoothin’, asifhe wasas accustomed to gitun’
Iverythin’ for nothin’ as Alladun hisself
|
|
|

I, for my part, lost no time in fetehin’ some
broken pleees from our paper passell, and settin’
thim a stewin’ to beat the band ina tomatrer tin
even while | was entranced with the savery fumes,
Colonel, there kem a suceessun of screams from
outer doors. “Help! help! help! eried a pityus
female vice; ‘I'm lost! come to me, David, or [diet
Grammont sprang to his feet, a listenin’ for a
Instineth, and in that instinetk, for the fust time
1 felt that To might like him Notwithstandin’
his disreputable garb, his stubby beard and all,

 

 

 

 

he looked [ike a gintleman. and. what's more,
‘ Fi

a& good feller There Was a amazin’ expressun

on his face, sech as you might see in a saint's

 

ou his deat-bed, all doubt and thin raptur’ and
thin glory He waited until that patetic ery rung
out ain, and thin away he dashed, and before

I could set the stewoso as to not seorch in my ab
sence, he was back with a lovely coung girl in
his arms

| In coorse, Colonel, Pdidn't know thin what I'm
Sure of iow, that this was his betrot', of which
you told me, who happened to be wisitin’ near
this wery spot. and had got lost in the woods, a

wanderin’ in her melancholy; but DT seed to onet
that they was old frinds; and so,whinshe began to
kem to, Timosied out doors, and paced to and fro,
lo keep the heat | had been takin’ ip from
koln’ out too quick; and treo the crack in the door
Leould see and hear what Wasa goin’ on, and wateh
the stew the whiles

‘Colonel, she kKnowed him atonet. ‘Oh, David,’
she sobbed, ‘to think TP should see you agin like
this, vou, that was my pride And thin she
soothed and fondled him. a settin’ on a stool,
with his head nigh down to his knees, as - think
my mudder might have carissed me whin lL was

 

lest

  

anew born kid. di she hadat given me the go by
In a statun house, Which she truly did \riera
tine, though, she ygrew sad and serus, with a

 

sort ooftupliftin hoiher face, a Kneelin’ down
by him, and # pleadin’ so low that Loouldn't make
Hall out, though TE did hear the word ristitutun,
agin and agin ble swayed te and fro, Colonel,
and his body shook like a has rick in a gale of
wind. Finally, with a suddint gistur’, he tore
the long red wallet from his brist bone, and fling
it down at her feet. She opened it, and 1 the
long greens. one arter anudder in litte piles on
the floor, and my eyes stuck out Wuss than betore
there was so many of thim. ‘We will bot
happier. dear. Lheered hersay. and thin, and thin
Why there hem a awful roar, and @ blindin’ blaze
of light; the old freiwht car rocked as if it was
goin over the ties, and the wery eart’ trembled
tven afore Prushed in’ Drealized that the nateral
gas had in some way choked up and exploded,
as it must have also done in & milder degree,
whin the hoboes was there, thus accountin= for
their myster'us absence and the signs of a mix-up
I had noted
it was a fearsome sight, Colonel, that interior
view. The stove had been blowed to smitereens
There was 4 hole in the side wall and anudder in
| the roof. The beddin’ was all charred, and some
thin’ was ablazin’ on the floor, But Tdidn't stop
| to think of whatit was, Colonel, | was all wrapped
up in thim two; for his dead body lay off aginst
| the rear end, and she, unhurt, was 4 moanin
over it, fait'ful to the end, And it was only arter
the smoke an'smell had cleared away that [dared
to touch off my dip agin, that] tought of the
| long greens so timtingly sprid out on the floor
They was gone, Colonel, burned up, consumed;
mere feadery ash which the wind was tossin
hidder and tidder, and sindin’ like ghosts, up treo
the draughts. And to break away for a moment
from 4 distrissin’ recojlectun, [may say that ech

 

  

 

 

losses like this, by land and by sea, itis, which
keeps makers of the queer from havin’ anny
, conselentus scruples; for they argy pritty

straight that the Gov'ment is ‘way ahead of the
game, '
“Well, Colonel, [fetched the young girls’ frinds,
| and arter they had consulted togedder, it was
agreed, to avide seandal, and all sorts of sus-
| picious reports owin’ to the remarkable chants
meetin’ of thim two, to say nothin’ about it, es
| pectally as the boodle was ell gone to smoke.
| and to bury him there inthe woods. And [helped
him, Colonel,and arter they'd braced me kindly,
wint my way, fust agreein’ to hold my yawp,
which I've kep’ true, up to this prisint, And if
| she died of a broken heart, as you say, I can well
fancy her wastin' away, day by day, like a broken

 

flower of the fleld, a holdin’ her fait'ful watch
by hie grave. Trut’ is indeed stranger than
| ficting, Colonel, as you remarked, and the reason

for itis, in my humble jedgment, that most folks
knows far moore about ficting than they dooes
abouttrut',so,incorse, itseems strange to thim.”

"God save us,” murmured the old Colonel, turn-
ing eee to the wall, in token that he would be
alone. save us, for we're a!] miserable sinners,

Yarns Spon, Mainly About Fishing, at the
Meeting at Booneville,

Urtca, N. Y., Feb. 3..-The recent meeting
of the members of the Brown's Tract Guides’
Aassociation at Booneville was one of the merriest
gathering of these men of the woods ever held

"They had a fund of good stories and after the

) siasm,

regular business of the meeting had been trans
acted all joined in a social session with enthu
The meeting of the guides this year was

one of the biggest ever held by them In the

| association There are fifty three active and one hun

| Very
“t me |

dred and fifty associate members, All the members
are not guides by any means, There ace hotel men,
camp owners of that partof the woods and visiting
sportsmen

At the last meeting of the association there
was “Nelse” Chandler of White Lake Corners,
who had passed the greater part of his life in
the woods and who knows 4s much about the
habits of the wild game in a minute as the books
will teach in a lifetime “Nelse" was aceom
panied by his neighbor and companion on many
a hunting excursion, “Hil Stell, There are a
few only who know moteabout the woods
than this same Stell, Milo Bull, “Chick” Brown,
Charley Barrett, Ben Parsons, Dave Charbon-
neau and Bill Burke came down from Old Forge

J and repcesented ina fair degree the different

well, L might jest

came Wo

 

that exist in the membership
There were elso Garry
Riges of Turin, "Dick" Crego of Booneville, Robert
Roberts of Leyden, who moved from Remsen
he said because there were so many other Robert
Robertses that be never got his mail as it should
come, “Dany” Ainsworth, father and son, from
Big Moose, and “Gus” Syphert, who makes his

home in the winter in Herkimer, but who in the
summer is 4 fixture on Third Lake, Fulton Chain,
were among the number

After the dinuer bad been done away with and the
set speeches were over there followed a session
of story telling. by way of introduction Charley
Harrett told a mild one. Charley is one of the
most mild-mannered men one will meet in the
woods in «a Summes's travel He has a reputa
tion for veracity among those who know him
and almost any kind of @ story that be might
choose to tell would be received in good faith
Charley said: “Boys, TP once lost a trout that
weighed just two pounds and eight ounces

“How did you know the exact weight” asked
Garry Riggs

“You see it was this way,

stotions in life
roll of the association

 

continued Barrett

“Thad been fishing on the stream that comes down |

off the mountain on the south side of Third Lake
and came to a waterfall, To had been fishing
about in that spot, say twenty minutes, when T
felt a strike. We began the battle, the fish and

|

1 and soon Twas in the middle of the stream with |

the water up to the tops of my boots ‘Phe bot
tom of the stream was very reugh and T tried to

 

make for the shore aod at the same time [ tried
to dand that trout which Was giving me oa good
(ight  L stagiered, felling a bole and was nearly

 
 

drowned in a minute The lo line dropped
fromomy left hand and | rolled off into a boiling
torrent | was almost helpless as the line be
ind around my body and JT gained my
feet with considerable effort. 1 unwound
line from me, Dut the fish had broken loose

Weithed Just two pounds and eight ounces
though
‘Guess we will bave to take wour word for it,”

Was the shot fired by Ned Hall
I'm positive of it,” said Barrett, “fortwomonths
later To was fishing on that same stream further

down hooked a fish and he was a spunky
flehter. IT landed him though, and there was
the identical fly in his mouth that PE had lost on

the earhler trip hat is how I
weight

When “Bill” Stell had finally
fo say something he started otf

“The greatest fishing Lever saw was when they
drew the water off Horn Pond over near Jock’s
Lake. Horn Pond was considered to be the
strangest fishing grounds anywhere around
\bout the only time that fish would bite was in
the spring when the ice was breaking up. Then
we used to catch some big fellows Why, I re

know about his

been induced

 

member one spell there we caught fish, trout
at that, that weighed three pounds That was
great fishing, bovs, but it is not in it with the
lume they drew the water off that pond. You

see that pond finally became State property and
It was made @ storage reservoir There was a
time when the water got very low and it was neces
sary to draw the water off Horn Pond. A few
of us got around there to see the fun We did
not look for any trout in the poad as none had
been caught lately
run up inte the streams

when the water went down
Was to be seen but the

 

 

Hut there was a sight
Fora time nothing

 

it became lower and lower we could see fish jump
up out of the water d there seomed to be plenty
of them We hastened down to the dam = and

 

you should have seen the ass
went over the few boards that remained in the
dam There were schools of fish of nearly every
deseription. We got our fishing tackle out and

oriment of fish that

 

    
  

 

wesoon caught 18 Then the fain stopped, for
the fish had passed to other waters and other
fishermen

“The time they am Twin Lakes,”
continued “BUT Stell, “was er time fish
Were numerous ‘The Twin were in the
purchase of the club, whieh s itt» make ita

 

 

private preserve and the manager of 1 elub
gave iteut that there would be no more fishing
in those lakes for the natives that lived) alone
the shore and who had fished there for many
years. Por some of the natives this was. bread
and butter, ‘The fishing had always been very
good and some great catches of salmon. trout

had been the resultof the sport. Well, one night

the |

| quences that he

and we thought the fish had |

flow of the water, but as |

somebody put some dynamite in that lake and
touched it off Valk about flying fish, why there
was never anything Like at before Fish and |

pieces of fish were seattord along the shores of
those two lakes by that dynamite and there has
never been any fishing there since.”

Milo Bull told of anex perience he and his brother
had while they were spearing pickerel in a pond
on his fathers farm, formed by the widening
of the stream that flowed through the farm Milo
and his brother were in the habit of going out at
nicht and spearing some good sized fish with the
aid ofa huge light On this oeeasion Mail's
brother was doing the rowing, while Milo held ihe

 

  

spear and stuck the fish whens he saw them
appear at the head of the boat) Suddenly Mile's
brother stopped) rowing and whi spered ino an
awestricken tone to look ahead = Milo did so |

and there he saw two piercing black eves sturit

 

at the boat andits occupants Milo was startle
lle nad no idea whatsortofan anime? or creature
it was that he saw ‘The thing was evid

thy

attracted by the light and Ciere w |

danger fromit) Milo r.

 

Sono dnmies
ed his spear ¢

 

ne
doa

 

 

his brother to row the boat slowly and carefully
along to the place where the thing was The
oarsman did as he was directed Milo held the
spear poised ready for instant action and waited
until he could get near enoug) to throw it He

saw the thing move and his blood almost froze

within him Phe oarsmen had stopped his work,
but the boat sti) continued its forward motion
Frightened nearly » Milo gathered his stremerth
and with a greateffortshot t spear atthe huge
object that had now. bee distinet under the
rays of the light and its outline appeared to he
thatofa bird ‘The spear sped truly and the bord
was nailed as it sought to escape

 

 

 

 

 
  
 

 

The bird fell int) the water near the stump
» it had been sitting It wa ithered in
boat and then it Was seen that the spear had
caught the wings The extreme promg of the
Spearon one side had fastened itself inthe feathers
of one wing while the extreme tooth of the spear
on the other side liad caught the other wing
‘The spear had been thrown just as the wings |
were raised for thight and caught them in the |

  

manner deceribed The bird w
home of the Bulls and measured. It was found
tf) measure four feet eight inches from the tp
of one wing t the tip of the other wing

taken to the

MARYLAND FOLKLORE,

 

Superstitions as to Hunting, Witches
Selling One's Self to the Devil,

and

From the Baltimore Sun,
Interesting stories drawn from the
Mars! tLeularly that

folklor

{the western part of

f

 

eid, par

the State, were told last night by members of the

Folklore Society at their meeung in Douovan
Koom oof Johns Hopkins University Mr
Crum, who is a native of Frederick county and a
graduate student of Johns Hopkins University
under Prof. Neweomb, in
mathematics, contributed a paper ca
Stories and Conjuring Some of
tions he told of where as fol ows

\ tlunung Charm Whenever
bear deer, or turkey dipa
in the fresh blood of the animal, You must
Ro account give any of these patches away
When you are out hunting again for
xind of game load as follows
patch, well greased, place y«
cros® yoursesf and, 4s you push the bullet home
repeat ‘Father, Son and Holy Ghost.’ You will
certainly bring home game of the same kind
that whose blood was on the pateh Do mn
the patches near your bed erin your sle
Toom The apirits make a noise in the box whee
the patches are and will net let you sleep. ‘The
sound 1s like A watch ticking. but it gets louder
and jouder, until you cannot sleey

the department of
Witch
superst

 

 

you” kill a

 

   

r the same
Take a bl

ur bulleton it, a

   
   

 

 

tkeep

  

 

   

“Witch Killing If horses are so badly be
witched that one dies the following will deprive
the witch of her power ake the dead horse

 

outinto a field and burn the carcass beside a tree

First cut a cross in the tree, then drive a nail in
at the cross, Now take your rifle which must
be loaded with a silver bullet, choose a position

bo that the fire is between you

ae tree 4

When y

shoot over the fire at the nail u hit the
nail the witch will lose her power and you cannot
miss with the silver bullet

“To Seil One's Self to the Devil Go te the

crosstoads at midnight alone and play on
banjo. If you really want to sell yourself two
black dogs will appear and will dance as you play
Then you promise something fearful, Any one
who thus sold himselfs was said to be
able to optpiay and outdance any competitors
“A Method for @ Girl to Try Her Fortune
Put an ore to the fire and sitan hour. The wind
will how! and the dogs bark and the man you are
to marry will come in and turn the egg around
If the egg bursts you will die (or, possibly, my
informant adds, you will never marry).”

ambecof bullet patches |

ge |

as |

|

~
a ee TT
, °

.

 

NOT COMMON CLAMS, THESE

SEBEC LAKE GIANTS TRAVEL AND
CATCH BIRDS AND KISH.

 

 

Not Little Birds, Etther, but Crows and
Ducks—Big Herona Alone Able to Fool
With Impunity With Their Opened
Shells-A er Hoodooed by a Big Pearl.

Foxcrort, Me, Jan, 26,— Sebec Lake's
migratory clams which furrow the bottom with
their pathways have been written of before; but
the question as totheir means of locomotion is not
yet settled, The most reasonable hy pothesia
advanced is that they work themselves along 0B
their heads, either using them as setting polee
to boost themselves forward, or attaining the
same end by ejecting a stream of water against
the bottom, which by its reaction forces them
abead. In whatever way they gain their momets
tum they are hustlers and, first and last, cover @
great deal of ground in their meanderings. This
is shown by the length of the furrows they leave
in the sand and mud, some of which lead inte
water too deep to trace them to their endings.
The places in which the clams are most abundant
are where sandy beaches shelve into the lake,
and particuarly off the mouth of streams which
probably bring down in solution the aliment o@
which they thrive

It is at Granny Cross Cove on the north sid@
of the lake, near its head, that the Sebec clam
attains the fulness of his size and vigor. By
floating in a beat in the cove when the water ia
still one may get an iden of te dimensions which
are possible to a fresh water clam, If you will
take fishermen’s varus for authority you might
believe that some of the monsters of the fossil
age survived in the shellfish of this water-reach,
Leaving such tales aside, the clam of Granny Crose
Cove is a husky mail-clad fellow who, while not
aggressive, is form dable in self-defence, Hie
shells, when opened wide, are a trap in which
many an unsuspecting fish and waterfowl has
been eaweht The wild duck diving for food,
the sand peep teetering along the shallows and
the inquisitive minnow nosing about in search
of something to nibble gain a painful and costly
experience when they trust foot or head between
those innocent looking shells, which, at a touch
clinch together like a steel trap, and never releas@
their grip, so long as there is anything left
hold to. The tenacity and strength with whieh
aclam will hang to an oblect on which be has
closed his shells would scarcely be credible except
rded_ with supperé

 

 

 

 

  
 

for the many Instances reer
of competent testimony Thede Wyman,
the \dnurel of the Sebec pleasure fleet, and hia
brother indaw, Eugene Barry, were on a ducke
shooting trip atthe head of the lake some year

ago, and for several daye they made their stan

night morning ata point where they could
fire into the flocks of ducks that few back end
ferth ily between the inke and the upper water@
oft Wilbon stream In one tock was a duck
that lagwed behind the others, fying low and
with difficulty This was observed for severcl
days \t last Barry brought is duck down

and then at was found that a
one of the duck's lege

wi's difficulty in flying
cld through all the

and the leg was halg

with a lone shet
clam that had fastened t
was the cause of the f
For days the clam had kept
duck's fights and divinis,
cut throuch by the shells

 

 

   

   

Gulls and crows forewing along the edges of
Granny CrossCove bave faredes bodily in meddling
with the gient clams ‘They usually have been
nipped by the lew, aseould be seen by the limb
hanging down in their fight, but oneluckless crow

fot caught in a more painful way, as was told by
afisherman who witnessed the occurrence, The
angler, in his boat, was lying becalmed off the
mouth of the cove when a small flock of crows
came along through a gorge of the mounteins
and perched ina dead tree overlooking the water
After watching him fora littie white they all flew
fo the littl wh at the head of ¢ cove except
one crow. that) stayed the tr is sentinel
They were hopping and pecking along the water's
edge as busy as tnkers + 1 Saturday when one
crow began to hop up aod down strangely and
flap bis wings and shufle eround, He had risked
his beak in the open lls of a clam with comee=
plainly had not foreseen. The
clam, an immense one, that looked to the man
to be as big in circumference as his whole hand,
had gripped bis assailant by the beak and heed
and was helding fast to all he had secured Hied
the clam been a small one the crow could have

  
  

 

  

 

hammered the shells to pieces against a rock
swallowed the contents, and gone in search of
anether, but t! ‘was t big a proposition

to be dealt with in this way ‘The erow bas the
reputitionof being a wise bird, butthisone plainly
was notequalte the emergency In bis confusion
he flapped tnt woter and, with the weight
of the clam dragging his head down, was near
drowning ble mane to vain the shore, and
the top of a shelving re« from there he took
flight and rose in the air above the trees, heading
inland Phe other crows, after the habit of these
birds whe wefthoirsumb raisin trouble, kept

  

 

   

 

himecompany, Wheelie round obout him and cawe
ing, but seemingly not able to lend him any help.
Half way up the gorge that) led from the moun-
tains down to the cove, the hampered crow, who

 

 

had been having o hard struggle all the way to
keep aloft, turned in the air and pitched, head
dov nward noug the He did not appear
again, ‘The other crows hovered about the spot
for half an beur, then flew away, by which the
fisherman judwed thet their companion had sue-
cumbed, being smothered or killed by pressure
of the shells, for they scarcely would have left him
had he been still alive

One bird alone, the heron, is competent to deal
with clams of all sizes, and he makes them part of
his diet, though he favors frogs and minnowa by
preference With lis long powerful bill, he
easily grapples the biggest clam, with no possie
bility of wetting mipped in return. Then taking
his prey to the shore he smashes the shell to pleces
with his hl and gobbles the contents,

‘There ise belief. founded more on probabilities
than on evidence, that some of the Granny Cross
Cove clams carry pearls tueked away inside their
shell ‘The one authentic find of this aort ree
ported was made by a Foxcroft man named Sums
her Jt was undeniably a pearl, and a fine one,
but it was far from proving a lucky prize for the
finder, With @ companion he was trolling for
lat salmon in the leke and ther put into
Granny Cross Cove for a nooning. The clemae
were out that doy in full) foree workin there
trenches along the bottom, and, after the men
hadeaten theirluncheou, Sumner withhislanding

 

 

  

het ed up a basketful of them. When they

ran out inte the lake again he took them along,
What are you going to do with those?” hia

companion asked ‘I em for salmon bait

 

ens s

 

wos his answer
ne vem in fresh water clams in other
Why hot here? Tf the sizeof the lame
the bus 1 ;

h isitess a pearl from Granny Crosa@

No, for “Tye heard
places ane

eountisil

 
  

 

 

Cove ought to be a whopper

He det his troll line run out fo A proper distance
fete, er d the buttef his fishing rod with his
knee with t ipoov his shoulder and fell ta
opening the elams \s he examined each one
finding Nothing. be pltehed it overboard adding
some remarks to the performance as he ene to

 

 

the bottom of ul isket stil with bo success,

had just opened the lose Ke

 

 

 

 

 

clam, the bigwest of the
Jot, When a salmon struck his hook vending the
rod half double over his shoulder. The strike
of i Sebec salmon felt atthe end of an eightounee
rad a8 anevent to startle the necvea of the coolest
man, but Sumner before attending to the fila
Kl need attheclams t ditoverboard asthe
others bad gone oOFTY in his exeitemeng

  

> glance and were
m haw left his hand whe
S that it

imultaneous and the
Hot dawned upon hig
‘cd between its shell@

    

SChoUsT hestle

 

 

a round clear pearl the s7e of a marrowfat pea,
Ashe gaze tina sortof horrorstricken fascination
at the clam going down with its treasure into

deep weter, he was roused from his trance by the

poet the fishing rod at his ear. The
ack of b i 1g had torn itself from
wing tothe fisherman the broken red

   

    

 

 

 

   

vA memento of his double loss. Whether the
strike of the Hon heodooed his pearl hunting,
or the finding of the pear hoodooed his flehing
isa proviem ulsolved in Sumner's mind: but there
is one man in Foxcroft today who is thoroughly

convinced that the two pursuits are incompatible,

Not Ordinary T, uckmen,

From the Philadel) hia Record.

The truck driver is Proverbially profane and
when one is discovered who doesn't swear between
syllables when his vehicle is jammed in a bunch
of other trucks and blocked by trolley cars, you
Thke taking off your hat to him

Down at Second and Chestnut streets yesterday
afternoon, when trafle was at its thickest and
trucks and cars were lined along both thorough.
fares, two truckmen had equal ; ances of making

the crossing. One was coming down Chestnut
the other along Second street Had they been
‘ rdin ry truckmen each would have whipped up,
ond the chances are that a collision would hare
resulted. But these two were not ordinary trucks
men With K hesterfleldian grace one waved
his arm to the other, inviting him to take pres

“You first,” shouted the driver,

 

 

whereupon @

 

m enger bow who had witnessed the remarks
' ' } wi Yr
a! cene gasped and nearly awallowed is cigars
h ig

"After vou WAS the
remarkable dialogue.

“Wouldn't that jar you?"
ye muttered a -

man, whe Was standing clanging hie bell Bean
he was worth lhe two truckmen continued to
motion to each other to go ahead

"T insist.” shouted one ;

“Oh, no! 1 insist!” shouted th

* r e @ “4

Finally a policeman interfered, Me ae Cd
Pouse ducks geta move on," he coms di
This ain't no pink tea” SARS,

Phe truckmancoming down ¢ hestnut street come

sented to Cross the atroe
meee © Cross the street and traffic was gradually

next contribution to this

Horses, Harness and Carriages.

 

No better market is open to you
+ Brovidi
gour feos, gre reliable, than the readers

]

 

oo

    
 

 

 

 

;
i
i

"