|
|
|

   
 

SS ee =e
JOHN F. CARROLL RECEIVER!

“NO, THANK YOU," SAY THE WARE-
HOUSE TKUS?T BON DHOLDERS,

Zuatice Fitrcerald Substitutes Tammany’s
Deputy Chief for Hugh J. Grant, Whom
They Wanted to Take Charge of the
Many-Milllon Business--Foreclosure Bult
Withdrawn In Haste Before the Hon,
Jobn Had Time to Swear Himerif In,

To the surprise of the lawyers in the case,
Justice Fitzgerald of the Supreme Court at
11:30 o'clock yesterday morning appo!nted
John F. Carro!l, deputy-leader for Kichard

 

 

Croker of Tammany Hall, to be receiver of all |

the asseta of the Brooklyn Wharf and Ware-
house Company in proceedings to foreclone the
$17,500,000 mortgage. This was the fattest
receivership since Hugh J, Grant was named
receiver of the St. Nicholas Bank, But, alas, for
the Hon, Johan! At exactly noon the action in

which he was appointed was discontinued on | };

consent of all the attorneys, because he had
been selected; andthe receiver was discharged.
He was receiver in name just long enough for
the lawyers in the case to be notified who had
been appointed and to get before Justice
¥itegerald and ask for an order of discontinu-
ance. They had to be quick about it, and they
knew it, for (f Carroll could have got downtown
goon enough to give the $100,000 bond re-
quired in the order of the Judge appointing
him it would have cost a nice penny to get him
@ut,

“Clickerty-clink, clink-comerty-quick,” rang
the telephone at the Democratic Club while
the ink was at!!! moist on the signature of the
Judge on the order appointing the receiver.
The ring was 80 Violent that asleepy attendant
fel! off a chair, for he had heard that ‘phone go
{nto such an attack of hysteria before,

“Carro|| there?” and ring'ng filled his ear,
when he struck the ‘phone in fear and
trembling.

There was no question of “who are you?”
The answer was that Carroll was not there,
but that the operator would catch him on the
"phone. He rang several numbers which
gounded like John 1. John 2 and John 3,
Alot of buzzing followed, and soon a ‘phone
of the United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company was busy with: “Is Andy there?
Tell Andy to come to the ‘phone, quick.”
There was some conversation that sounded
Hike “A great thing. Bond of only $100,000,
Capital $12,500,000, A great cinch, Will you
g@oit?’ “Sure! any amount.”

It was said that Carro!| and a representative
of the Guaranty Company got to the Court
House at 12:01 o'clock, and heard in the
County Clerk's office that the whole thing
‘was off.

The order appolnting the recelver was ob-

 

pproval of all the counsel involved, When the
aAWwyers Were seen Inat night they declined to
soy whether or not another application fora
a would be made in another department
ater on

Joho F, Carro}! {a about 42 years old. Bofore
he was SO he wasslnuled out by Richard Croker
and made active inthe management of the
Tammany organization. He was appointed
leader to succeed the late Sheriff Flack In. the
old Sixteenth Assembly district, which after.
ward became the Twentieth and then, the
Twenty-second, He waa born in Now York,
wentiothe publle schools and was graduated
from Manhattan Coliege. After leaving collexe
he heeame cashier for Campbell & Galway, a
mercantile firm, Hisactivity in polities brought
him forward and he was appointed clerk
to the Grand Jury in 1k7 by Recorder
Smyth, Mr. Carro!l was an intimate friend
of the late Ambrose Monell, | who
upon being reflected to a Justicaahip. of
the Seventh District Civil Court in 1887,
appointed Mr. Carroll his chief clerk, Mr. Car-
roll resigned this place to become Clerk of the
Court of Spee al Besson in 180, ata salary of
$5,000 a year. In January, I8®2, the clerk.
eh po'the Court of General Seasions having
become vaeant by the death of John Sparks,
Mr. Carroll was unanimously selected by Ke.

| corder Smyth and Judges Martine, Cowing and

SS UnEEEeneeienense

tained {n an action brought by the United |

Btates Mortgage and Trust Company 4a trus-
tee of the $17,500,000 mortgage. The suit was
brought on the ground that the interest due on
Feb. 1, amounting to $437,500, had not been
paid. Aspecific demand, on which the action
‘was based, was made for the payment on 3,250
couvons amounting to $81,250, By theterms
of the mortgawe the mortgagee had the right
to enter upon the mortgaged premises and
take possession without suit. To protect prop-
erty, such as accounts and things acquired
since the execution of the mortgage from other
creditors than the bondholders, it was decided
to have a receiver appointed who cou'd assume
charge of al] the property. The order signed ra-
strained all actions against the company pend-
the receivership.

Julien T. Davies and Adrian H. Joline ap-
peared for the mortgagee and the individual
bondholders and John M. Bowers for the {n-
solvent company. The counsel had got their
heade together before presenting the order for
a receivership to Justice Fitzgerald and, be-
coming convinced that a receivership was a
good course, consented to the engry of an order
appointing a receiver. None of the lawyers
wou!'d sneak yesterday of thelr rapid change of
mind. They had asked Justice Fitzgerald to
aproint ex-Mayor Hugh J. Grant receiver, It
{a customary for the judgestoname the re-
celver sugzested when al! sides consent to his
appointment, but the custom is not invariab!e,
One exception was the appointment of Mr°
Gran! as the receiver of the St. Nicholas Bank,
when ail sides suggested that an officer of the
dank be arpointed, As a receiver is an arm
of the court, and the court {s morally responsi-
ble for its appointee, some care fs usually exer-
elsed before a receiver is uppo'nted for a larga

oneern, unless the man named ia already wel)
nown tothe eourt, Carrol! nad not been sug-
gested by the attorneys,

The sudden appearance of all the attornaya
forthe parties interested, after the arpoint-

ent of Carroll, was a great surprise at the
ounty Court House. Tt was generally aune
posed, although none of the attorneys would
admit it, that the appointment was unaatia-
factory, but the order had been siened and
there was no way of getting Carro'l out and
nother man appointed in his place, unless
teould be shown that Carroll was not ft, in
the legal meaning of the word; a difficult mat.
terto present. They therefore hit on the ex.
pedient of dropring the action, although it
meant taking chances that ere! tors would go
afterthe unmortang d assets he Junge had
no recourse but to sign the order of diacontin-
uance on the consent of all the parties, because
the receiver had not qual fled

Just what the cup eontained that was eo sud.
denly withdrawn from the lips of Tammany

ean hardiv he estimated The receiver
would have been in [nll eontrol of the
immense asseta. of the company and
would) have had the naming of many

emp'ovees tocarry on the receivership foran
{indefinite period. The company has twenty.
@ight grain elevators and warehouses and
wharves running from a curve tn the Erie
Basin to two riers hevond the Brooklyn Bridga
Over all these the reeeiver would have held
eway as we!llas over all thy business and ae.
counteofthe great concern. The employees
could be_paid rractically as he chose to pay
them. e would have the naming of eonnsel
who would probably require laree fees for the
work o' 0 large a company. He eonldaprly
to the court for leave to carry on the business
if he found it was better to do so than to sell
out immediately, and such orders are uanally
ranted Hisown fees wou'd be but aamall
tem compared te the amount of patronage he
wouldcontrol, Under the laws of 18834 re.
ceiver has large fees fleed but it ia nrovi ted
that he cannot have more than $12,000 vear

forhis fees where the estate is solarge that |

the regular schedule of fees would exceed this

eum.
Thia statement {a made on behalf of thoae
who ma'e the application fora rece'vershin
“The United States Vortgave and Trust
Company, being the trustee ‘or the first mort.
gave tondholdors, instituted its action to fore.

close the morteage and conferre:’ with the of. |

cers of the Prooklyn Wharf and Warehouse

Company ns to the propriety of placing its |

affairs in the hands of a receiver. on motion of
the trustee, This resulted in arep rt by the

Exeentive Committee of the Rrooklyn Wharf ,

and Warehouse Comrarny that {8 affairs were
in auch a condition that itw s wise and proper
to consent tothe appointment ot euch rece'ver
and permit him to manage the pronerty
until a reorganization eovl! he had, andthe
company, by resolution @uy adopted,

strieted ita connsel, Vessra, Powers & Sands,
to join in the application for the apno'nt-
ment of A proper person «as receiver
A First Mortgace Bondholders’ Committee
was immedintely formed, cons ating of repre.
fentatives from the Central Trost Company of
New York. the Mutual Life Insuranee Com.
pany of New Yor! and the Guarentee Trust
Oompany of New York, and $8,000 00001 honda
Were immediately denosited, Then the Unired
Rtates Mortvag wd Trost Company inati.

 
 
     
    
    

   
  

tuted tts setion forechosure andl aaked for
Pes Point ment a receiver, and Mr Julian
. Davies of Mesars Davies, Stone & Anan.
bach, made an ex porte ape ication Priday
to Jutg@e Fitzveral! for the appointment ofa
eceiver, This was neqnieseed in’ by Mr
ower of Vessrs. Bowers & Santa, as counsel
for the Prook'yn Wherfan! Warehonse Com.
pany and hy Wr 8 FL deine aeting as eat
gel forthe United States Mortesg@> nnd Tryst
Company hut hefow o'ao the counsel forthe
irst Mortcage Bondholders’ Comm

hese three ventloemen then requeatet J
Pitzzerald to apnmoint ex-Maver
irant receiver Grant waa aske
than * fear aco by the renresentye

Ir

   

ves

muiority interest of toe securitioso' the F oy Re
lyn Wharf and Woerehouse Comnmany to he-
come its President and declined to take the

aprointment, end ¢!) ntereats desired that he
ahoul beappolnted the receiver to mainta n
and preserve the pronerty until a reoreaniga.
tion could be comrletad, The Court (it not
act upon the matter at the time, but this
orming signed the order presented naming,
owever, a& receiver, Mr John FO Carroll,
mmedintely. ther after Mr, Invies, Mp,
owersan! Mr. Joline again appeared hefore
udge Fitzgerald an’ presented to him an
order discontinuing the aetion, which was
eigned, andthe action bi. now alan end.”
Lawyers Bowers, loviea and Jolire, got to-
etherafterthe withdrawalofthe anit yester.
day afternoon, and Ceeided to let the United
Btates Mortaage an Trust Comnany, as trus-
tee and mortenges, take full posseasion of the
Property and interesta of the Pronklen Wharf
and Warehouse Company. This the trust
@ompany has the richttodounder the terms
@ the mortgage, and thiscourse met with the

In- |

| thought

‘Itgweral to fill the vacancy, His salary here
was $7,000 a year, In 180) he aucceede! John
C Sheehan aa the leader in Tammany Hal!
nextin power to Mr. Croker, In the fall of
1888 he resigned hie clerssh'p. turning the
office over to his brother Edward, and he ran
the Van Wyck campaign for Governor He be-
caine powerful in the Conaolidated Jee Com-
pany shortly afterward. This company formed
the nucleus of the American Tee Company—
called the Ica Trust. Mr. Carro'l lives at 3
Fast Fighty-first street. He ia married and has
two children, He is a member of the Man-
hatt n, Democratic and Catholic clubs.

Mr. Carrol], when seen at the Damoeratio
Club last night, refused to discuss the matter.

“Did you receive any notification that you
were to be or had been appointed receiver?”
was naked,

“You must excuse me from answering or
discussing the topic,” he said,

5,000 LE12+-RS STOLEN,

 

 

 

Many Contained Checks or Stock Certifi-
catea—List of Some of the Losers.

The man who was caught stealing from a let-
ter box on the corner of Maiden lane and Nas-
sau street by Post Office Inspectors Jacobs and
James on Friday night told Inspector King
yesterday that his real name was Joseph J.
Davis an: that he was born in Lincoln, III, 30
years ago, Davis told Mr. King that he was not
the only letter-box thief, and he described a tall
man, slender, and with a light brown mus-
tachy and white soft hat, who looked like a
Frenchman. This man he had often seen mail-
ing letters at many boxes fn succession.

Davis was photographed yesterday by the
police and measured by the Bertillon system,

Mr. King said that the number of letters
stolen from boxes in the downtown business
district was between 5,000 and 6,000, instead
of 2,000, a8 first stated, and that the letters
contained checks and stock certificates in
many cases, Among the firms which had com-

ained of stolen letters were: HK, KR, Appleton

‘o, 78 Franklin, two checks of $71.22 and
$85.30 respectively: Frederick Almy & Co,, 91
Franklin street; 8. Dessau Company, {) Maiden
lane; Cumming & Becker, 107. Franklin
street; Kipin and Co., 152 Church street;
Equitable Lite Assurance Society, 120 Broad-
wav; Clarke and Cutver, SO Broadway;
The Derby Silver Company, 25 Maiden lane;
Schefer, Schramm & Vogel, VL Franklin
street: L. Heuman and Sons, 404 and
406 East Seventy-seventh street; — Hart
ford ife. Insurance Company; French
aud = Ward, 58 and _60 Leonard atreet;
Webb & Meyer, 7) Murray street;
L. Greenbdera & (>. 383 Broadway; North
River Steamboat Company, 12 Broadway; R.
T, Wilson & Co., 33 Wall street; Cohen & Co.,
103 Front street; J. 8. Shields & Co., 56
Broadway ; B. M.
street; L. B. Wiley, Lt

 

Duane street;

 

ae ee

 
 

CHICAGU'S SOCIKTY THIER,

MANY VICTIMS OF ALKXANDER
HAVILAND GILDERSLEEVE,

 

 

He Attended Sociul Functions, Made Love
to Women and Stole Thousands of Dol-
lars’ Worth of Diamonds and Jowelry
~Got Away With Much Borrowed Money,

Cuicago, Fob, 3.—This has been a day of
@reat anxiety on the part of those members of
Chicago's “smart set” who were the victims of
Alexander Haviland Gildersieeve. All day the
office of the Chief of Detectives at the City Hall
has been filled with fashionably dressed men
and women, anxious to get a glimpse of the
trunk fullof pawnticketsa left at the Audito-
rium Annex by the exquisite confidence man,
in order to find among them, if possible,
a clue to the whereabouts of rings,
watches, diamonds, &c., taken from their
homes during the past six weeks, but which
till now were belleved to have been taken by
burglars, These reople in a majority of in-
stances found what they sought, and upon
giving a bond were permitted tu take the tick-
ete and redeem what had been pledged by Mr.
Gildersteeve, All were more anxious that
thelr identity should not become public than
they were to recover the property, and would
refuse to give their names or bonds till as-
sured by the police that there would be no
publicity,

“This man Gildersleeve was certainiya wonder
In the confidence Ifne,” sald Chief of Detectives
Colleran to-night. “From the pawntickets tn
his trunk we find that tens of thousands of
dollars’ worth of jewelry passed through his
hands during the past six months, and from
the number of claimants and their names and
addresses I should judgo that most of the
fashionable people of Chicago were his vice
tims. We find alsothat he has inthat time
operated in St. Louis, Denver and San Fran-
clsec, though in none of these cities did he
find such easy graft as in Chicago.”

Besides the jewelry and borrowed money he
got away with, Gildersleeve left debts amount-
ing to $1,000, which young Mr. Camp and
others whose confidence he had won stood
sponsor for and will have to pay,

Where Gildersleeve failed to find jewels or
a chance to carry on his work of stealing he

' mare violent love to young women and thereby

' tention toa half dozen young women.

was able to make away with his booty. Since
his arrival in Chicago he has paid marked at-
In one
case he ao far gained the confidence and trust
of the young woman that he had declared his
love. and, {t is said, it was returned. The
name of the woman has been kept a secret by
her friends, but she has been a resident of the
Virginia Hotel for a long time, and is ata
private hospital to-day, prostrated with the

, shock and grief over Gildersleeve's actions,

Ewing & Co,.47 aod 49 orp |

Milling & Bro., 107 Franklin street; Baviis & |

attorneys, 170 Broa way; B. M, Shame
&Co,, 48 and 50 Walkerst: Takata & Co., 10
Wall street; Stern Brothera & Co,, 33 to 43
Gold atroet; Henry Gitterman & Co., 273
Church street; The Amencan Exchange Na-
tlonal Bank, 128 Broadway; W. H. Sage, 156
Broatwav; AC. Chase, 12 Maiden Lane; Eben
Storer, 60 and 62 Murray street; E. F, stern,
10 Wall_street; 8. Eugene Poole, 43 Murray
8 reet; Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Rall.
way, 305 Broadway: J. Culbert. Palmer, 165
Broadway; James Veneook, 200 Broadway;
Charles Robbina, 120 Broadway; L. Marka, 136
Liberty street; J. F. Hitchcock, 330 Broadway,

Bay!in,

 

THK CHARGES AGAINST M’'CLELLAND,

Trustees of the Immanuel! Church Say They
Can All Be Proved.

J. B. Hicks, Benjamin F, Stephens and Frank
C, Wessella, trustees of the Immanuel Church
in Flatbush, published yesterday a signed
statement in reference tothe charges against
the Rev. Geurge L. MacClelland,the former pas-
tor of the church, now pending before the
Brooklyn Presbytery. The statement was ad-
dressed to the Rev, Dr. John F. Carson, the
pastor of the Centra! Church, who wanted the
charges quashed without the formality ofa
trial. The trustees say:

“The charges can be proved, but ff the Pres-
bytery is determined not tohear the proof then
let us stato positively that the charges and
proof in toto will reach the public and the

‘resbytery, We now await the action of the
Presbytery

“In acourt of lawthe charges and specifica-
tions are read and the defence moves to dis-
miss, but generally the prosecution je allowed
to bring witnesses, and if it failato give sulfl-
cient proof then the case is dismissed, It is
the determination, seemingly, of the defence
that no testiiouny shall be heard. The first
committe positively refused to hear tne_evi-
dence, yetit teit it ite duty to ask Mr. Mac-
Clelland to resign and leave the city, which he
p.omised to do for a money consideration,
Said money was given him in good faith, but
the promise waa violated wholly by Mr. Maa-
Clelland, who .abored with hits fo. lowers to or-
ganze a Congregational Church and did preach
for them.”

Iu a Separate letter to Dr. Carson, Mr. Steph-
ens says; “I say, rather than give this man,
the Key George L. MactClelland, his letter:
rather thao let thia man MactClelland go Into
the world to wreck another ch oreh, which hea
boasts he can do, and that ons word from him
would do it, that the present Presbytery might
better drop out of existence,”

The Brooklyn Presbytery will meet to-mor-
row night, in the Duryea Chapel in Clermont
avenue near Atlantic, to resume consideration
of the case,

 

TOO MUCH CHARTER, SAY8 SHEPARD,

And a Board of Aldermen Elected by As-
sembly Districts Necessarily Contemptible,

Edward M. Shepard delivered an address
last evening to the Citizens’ Union Club of the
Ninth Assembly district at the residence of 0,
B. Lamb, 356 Wost Twenty-second street, on
the city charter and the changes which he
be desirable. He declared that
the great fault with the charter was that
it went too much into detail. He polnted out
that while the Constitution of the United
States oceupied only twenty or thirty printed
pages, thea charter of New York eity occupied
600, This was due, Mr. Shepard sald, to the
fuct that the Charter Commisstonera instead
of drawing acharter drewup a@ set of by-laws,
They di! this. he said, tecanse they distrusted
the honesty of the people of the city and their
ability to govern themselves,

Mr. Shepard said that when Gov, Black
vetoed the Ahearn School Teachers bill, he per-
formed one ofthe few commendable acts of his
term. Gov. Roosevelt signed the same bill,
“being saturated with the Charter Commis.
sioner siden of ‘gong to Albany,’” said Mr,

 

Shepard “Gov, Roosevelt was disloyal to the
‘unde mental note of home rule when he signed
thar bol.” He went on:

“Any Board of Aldermen made up of men
whose sole civic duty is legislative, and who
are eected to represent amall communities
uo tdistrets must be a contemptible body,”
said Mr, Shepard

Mr Shepart would havea Legislature coms
pose tof deparment heads and afew repre-
sentatives o! large areas, the whole to num-
ber not more than fifteen,

FOR 18 MIOWIVES,

 

WARRANTS

Charged With Running Lying-in Institn-
tions Without Licenses,

Dr. Feeney of the Board of Health applied to
Magistrate Meade in the Yorkville police court
yesterday for warrants for fifteen midwives,
who, he sail, were con lueting lying-in ineti-

tutionaon the Last Side without permite trom
he Healih Department, He asserted that the
number of midwives had recent!y* increased
and asthey were conducting @ business pro-
hbited by the Santtary Code, they tailed to
muke any report to the Board of Health of the
babies born on thelr premises. If such infants
were like ytodie, Dr. Feeney said, they were
taken tonnother house and after their death
tase death cert fleates were sent to the Board
of Health, Sergt, Gehegan an! a dozen police.
men of the Sanitary squad were in eourt and
made ali tavitaon which the complaints were
based. Magistrate Meale issued the warrants,

 

Had a fit na Bathtub,

John Tashjian of 305 East Twentv-eighth
street went to take a bath yesterday in Henry's
harber shopnt 202 East Twanty-seventh atreet,
While in the bathtub he was seized with an
epileptic fit. One of the employees discovered
him with his heai under water. An ambu-
lance was summoned and Tashjian was taken
to Believue Hospit

i ne

ee eee

“Talking of your social highwayman,” said
an acquaintance of Gildersleeve to-day, “this
man wasa wonder. I have met him at three
different functions on the South Side and have
heard of him ata score of well-to-do families,
He entered a! classes of soclety—I moan that
he was at home with the pink-tea crowd, at the
gathering of the Authors Club, a church con.
vention—in fact, he was such an actor that he
could gain entrance to any set or class of society,
He was polished in his manners and acted the
part of a woll-bred and highly cultured man.
He bas certainly proved to be one of the great-
est rogues of the day and I am only surprised
that he did not carry his methods with a
higher hand—play for larger stakes, av to
speak. Instead of stealing jewels and selling
them, he could have gone {nto the check busi-
ness and won thousands. Still his method was
one that would last longer, and he could play
the part he seemed to like so well—a hero of
society folk.”

 

LOOKING FOR YOUNG GILDERSLEEVE

The Judge Isn't Sure as to Whether the
Man Wanted Is His Nephew.

The detectives of the Central Office have
been asked to search for Alexander Haviland
Giltersleeve, who is wanted by the Chicago
police on a charge of stealing $1,000 worth of
jewelry from Mra, William Carpeoter Camp of
UU18 Michigan avenue, Chicago, A despatch
from Chicago printed {no THe Sun yesterday
told how Gildersieeve had been entertained by
fashionable society in Chicago for two months
and had sudijealy decamped. One of the de-
tectives at the Central Office said yesterday
that Gildersleeve had been arrested here about
f year ago. At that time he was arrested on
suspicion and his picture was taken for the
Rogues Gallery, where it now occupies a space
numbered #229. He was discharged after
being arraigned in the Centre street police
court and then disappeared,

After he had gone, several persons who
made his acquaintance at the Waldorf-Astoria,
where he had a room fora while, informed the

police that they had lost jewelry. and that they
belleved Gildersleeve had stolen it. He had
introjuced himself as the nephew of Supreme
Court Justice Gildersieeve, and sald that his
home was in Poughkeepsie, N. ¥. The police
were informed that he had borrowed large
sums of money from Juative Gildersieeve's
friends and had lost it ail on the racetrack.
There are three complaints now lodged against
him, itis said, at Po'ice Headquarters, but the
sergeant on duty there refused to give any
information as to the persons robbed,

“L don't know whetheror not this man who
figures in this case fa my nephew,” said Juse
tice Gil lersleeve yesterday. “Ibad a nephew
whom [ have not seen in the last ten years and
who was going ata pretty rapid gait, His fam-
ily gave him up years ago, an, of course, know
very little of his career, not having heard from
him insome time, He was the son of Elmer
Gildersieeve, who is {n business in Pough-
keevsie and who isa prominent member ofthe
Rociety of Frienda and preaches frequently
If this is the young man who is mentioned in
the Chicago despatch, [am sorry, but if it is
true that he @tole jewelry as alleged, [ hope he
will be severely punished. I never heard that
he had robbed any one, but I did hear that he
was travelling around with bookmakers and
men of that class.”

 

TAIVERMORE AND HIS DOQ KAISER,

The Vagrant, Who In Set Free, Receives
$17 Sent by Sympathetic Persons.

Lester Livermore and his dog Kaiser were
discharged from the county jail in Jersey City
yesterday. Livermore, who was home!ess and
penniless, was committed by Recorder Stanton
of Hoboken a month ago under the Vagrancy
act. He refuse! to goto jail without Kaiser,
who, he said, had saved his life once. He de-
clared that nothing would ever part them while
life remained toeither, and he would rather
starve than be separated from Kaiser, The
dog and hia master were sent up together
in the patrol wagon, ant Warden Sulll-
van ¢c neented to receive Kalser, although
there was no formal commitment for him. Be-
fore he left yesterday Bookkeeper Lynch hand-
ed Livermore $17 that had been sent to the jail
by aympathetie people who had read his story
in the newspapers

The NV eather,

The cold weather was greatly modified over all the
country yesterday, the risein temperature ranging
from sixtotwenty degrees. Freezing weather dis
appeared from all the Southern States south of Vir-
ginia,and the zero weather was confined to North
Dakota and northern Minnesota,

light local snows fell around Lakes Michigan, Erie
and Qutario and there was some cloudiness in the
southwest, due toadepression forming in Kansas.
Otherwise it was fair

In this city the day was fair and warmer; average
hurnidity, 57 per cent.; wind, west to southwest;
average velocity, 12 milesan hour; barometer cor-
rected to real to sea level, at 8 A. M., 80,20, 3 P. M.,
80.17

The temperature as recorded by the official ther-
mometer, and also by THe Sun's thermometer at the
street level, is shown in the annexed table:

 

  

—Officral Sun's Offieral, Sun's
TwOO, TEWO, PHOF 100, 1RuR, 1200,
# A. M.22° ane : i a5 #2?
2M a4 af us? ane
$P.M.80? = 88? B4° 80?

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW

For New England, fair t.-day; rain or snow Mon-
day: south, ahifting to freah east winds,

tor eastern New York, increa in, cloudiness and
warmer (o-day; rain or snow Montuy; sows, shifting
b Jreth east winds,

For the District of Columbia, eastern Pennayl-
Vania, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland and Vir-
ginia, rain by to-night; rain or anow Monday; sonth,
shifting to fresh east winds,

Yor western Pennsylvania, ratn and warmer to-
day; rain or snow and colder Monday; increasing
east winds.

For western New York, snow or rein today; snow
and colder Monday; increasing east winds,

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

|

ee weer

 

  

 

=

FIGH(S DENTIST KVANS’S WILL,

 

His Brother Wants the Millionaire’s Ketate
Distributed Among Relatives,

In ar action brought by Rudolph Henry ,

Fvans, brother of Dr. Thomas W. Evana, the
millionaire American dentist who died in Paris,
fora partition of the realty of the decedent in
thia city regardless of hie will, Justice Andrews
of the Supreme Court has issued a commission
atthe requést of the defendants to take evi-+
dence abroad to prove the will. The witnesses
of the will, which was executed on August 26,
1806, are William R. Huggard, H. J. Whittle
and Hans Moser, all of whom are now in Swit-
zerland

The plaintiff says that his brother, who dled
at Paris on Nov. 14, 1807, left no wife orde-
scendants and that the nearest relatives are the
plaintiff, esght children of a deceased sister,
Mrs. Anna Enos, and four children of a de-
ceascd sister, Katharine Muller. All of those
children are made defendants, as they did not
join in the action. It{is alleged in the action
that the will which was executed abroad does
not conform to the laws of this State in the
manner of {ts execution, and that it is ineffect-

ual to convey realty here, It is further urged
that the provisions for a distribution of the
residue, which is computed at more than a mil-
lion, are vold under our lawa because of indefi-
niteness and because they unlawfully suspend
alienation of the property they seek to hold n
trust. These provisions turn the residue, all
letters from roya'ty and other mementoes over
to the Thomas W. Evans Museum and Inatie

' tute Society andthe Thomas W, Evans Museum

ee

Sc

and Dental Institute, which the will saya are to
be incorporated and founded in Philadelph a
and to have the right to hold realty in Pennayl-
van anand France, The will further provided
that if this disposition of the residue should be
illegal the residue should goto the State of
Pernaylvania to found such a museum of den-
tistry as the will outlined.

The complainant al /eges that the will has
deen probuted tn Philatelphia, ef which city
Dr. Evans continued to be a resident to his
death, but that it has not been and cannot he

robated here, It has, however, been offered
or probate here and 0) jections to the probate
have been flied by the present plaintif, but the
trial of the contest has not been had in the
Surrogate's Court,

The brother alleges that notwithetanding
the invalidity of the will here and the want o
probate Horace 8, Ely, one o: the executors,

us taken possession of all the realty and other
property inthis State and that he has been

collecting the rents from the realty. The value |

ofthe realty in tha city ia put at more toan
$500,000, and there is besides personalty here
amounting to $50,000, The realty consists of:
117 Fulton. street, 44 Ann street, 64 Pearl
street, 38 Water street, 26 John street, anil
property at Fighty-ninth street and Eleventh
avenue.

the complaint asks that this property he
Partitioned emong the plaintiffand the twe've
nephews and nieces of Dr, Evans and that
Horace 8. Ely be required to account for all
rents of the property which he hae received,

OBITUARY,

 

 

Ottokar Novacek, & musician and composer of
note, died yesterday in the German Hospital.
He was for several years solo viola of the Boston
Symphony Orchestra and the Brodsky String
Quartette of New York. He went to Europe to
devote his time to composing exclusively, and
Busoni, the great pianist, played his concerto in
Kerlin with the Philharmonic Society under
Nikisch; his Moto Perpetuo was played by the
Damrosch Orchestra with great success, At the
time of his death he was the solo viola of the Metro-
politan Opera orchestra, this city
Benjamin F. Bennett, a famous fisherman,
huntsman and guide of Pike county, Pa., died
in Port Jervis on Friday night. He was born tn
Sussex county, N, years ago, served in
the Civil War, and for fifteen years was High
Constable of Milford Borough, Pa. He was a
crack shot, and his services as guide were eagerly
sought for by city sportsmen
Robert H. Neilson died at his home, 385 George
street, New Brunswick, N. J., yesterda He had
been in business in New York city for forty wears,
and was believed to be the oldest commuter in
New Brunswick. H@ travelled between this city
and New York for forty years. He leaves one
daughter, Mrs. Henry A. Neilson, withwhom he
ved.

Charles F. Clinton died suddenly of heart dis
ease in the Jersey City depot of the Frie Ratiroad
on Fridey morning. Mr. Clinton wes born in New
Haven, Conn, in 1833. In 1477 he moved to
Jersey City to become collector of the Erie Railroad
Company, a place he held until his death. His
wife, Mary Clinton, survives him,

Richard Montgomery Nichols, 78 years old,
died of pneumonia at his home, 119 Past Seventy-
ninth street, on Friday. He formerly did a large

 

 

shipping business in lower Wall He re
tired twenty-five years ago.
ADDRESS BY GEN. HARRISON,

 

He Tells 2,500 School Children They Must
Grow Up to Love the Fiag.

INDIANAPOLIS, Feb, 3,--Schoo! children to
tho number of 2,500 visited this city to-day
from Terre Haute and at the State House were
received by ex-President Harrison, who ad-
dressed them atsome leneth, He referred to
the early Ife of Abraham Lineo!n and other
men who have risen from obscurity by the
foree o. indomitable will, and declared that the
basis of their success was their desire of knowl.
edge. He charged the children to take that
view of life which encourages lofty effort and
cloned thus:

“If we are to have peaceful times we must
aleo have in young men who are growing upa
stalwart youth anda aturdy manhood that will
not fearto die forthe flag and the Constitu-
tion, Now, God biess you,”

MIDWIFE DAVIDSON ARRESTED,
Charged With Performing a Criminal
Operation on Rilla Criswell,

Coroner Bausch took the ante-mortem state-
ment yester ay of Rilla Criswell of 125 West
Sixty-sevepth street, who is lying ill at her
home as the result, the police say, of a erimi-
nal operation dn her statement the woman
said thar young mechanio took
house of Mrs. Davidson, a midwife of 213 East
Seventy-eiaghtnh street. Mra. Davidson, the
woman sail, gave ber treatment on etght
separate occasions, Mra, Davidson was ar-
rested yesterday afternoon and will be taken
beiore a Police Magistrate to-day,

President Rossiter of the B. R, T. Called to
Albany.

President Rossiter cf the Brooklyn Rapid
Transit has declined to adopt the suggestion of

the State Railroad Commission in regard to
ranting trans ers at various points in brook.
»n. The commission referred the subjret to
the Attor:ey-General, whe has summoned
President Rossiter to appear at a hearing at
Albany on Wediesday.

Some women don’t know what it is to
wg well, In dreams they are haunted
by the pains they bore through the day.
There is no rest and no refreshment for
them even in sleep. This condition is
only one feature of many consequent
upon forms of dis-
ease peculiar to
women. The
head aches often,
or there are
4 “ epells’’ of dizzi-

 

there is pain in

3 the back or side,

with bearing down pains, These are but

ermpieme of womanly disorders. Let

the cause be removed and the pains will
ss, and sleep will bring only dreams of
ppiness and love.

The most effectivé remedy for diseases
of women is Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription. It dries up the debilitating
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion and entirely cures female weakness.
_ There is no alcohol, whisky or other
intoxicant contained in ‘' Favorite Pre-
scription,’ neither does it contain
opium, cocaine, mor any other narcotic.
It is a strictly temperance medicine.
Accept no substitute.

Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y., free of all charge.
Each letter is treated as a sacred con-
fidence. Every answer is sent in a plain
envelope without
any printing upon
it. Write without
fear and without
fee.

“TL want to praise
your medicine,”
writes Mrs. Sarah J
Burney, of Crescen
Putnam Co, Fla. °
have been sick for
twenty years and have been almost in bed five
years, and now I am able to work all day. I
ave taken eight bottles of ' Favorite Prescrip
tion,’ aud four of ‘Golden Medical Discovery,’
and one vial of ‘Pellets.’ 1 praise your weal.
cine to all, I had the headache but it is gone
M threes ia 4 coum gone and all m
old troubles are er. It 5
of medicine and four doctors? _

Doctor Pierce’s Pleasant Pellets help
Nature to help you,

 

 

her to the |

a

FEBRUARY. 4, 1900:,

| Lee, General Frane’s V. Greene,

   
   

    

LUIS

——_

ARE CATARRH,

    

Perna Cures Catarrh Wherever Located,

 

Congressman Smith, of Ilinvis,

Hon. George W. Smith, Mem-
ber of Congress, ina recent letter
from Murphysboro, Ill, to The
Peruna Medicine Co., says the
following in regard to Peruna for
catarrh:

Peruna Medicine Co.:

Gentlemen—I take pleasure in
testifving to the merits of Peruna,
T have taken one bottle for my
catarrh and I feel very much
benefited, To those who = are
afflicted with catarrh and in need
of a good tonic I take pleasure in
recommending Peruna,

Respectfully,
Geo. W. Smith,

 

Major Longstreet

Maior Robert L. Longstreet,
who served on the staff of General

General Arnold, of the Regulars,
and General Will ston, in the late
war with Spain, is the son of the
great ex-Contederate General,
Major Longstreet was mustered
out in June, and he is now in
Washingtontrying to get ridof the
vernicious malarial fever wh ch
ie contracted in Cuba He found
Peruna of be efit on his return to
the United States, and says the
following in regard to the great
catarrh cure and tonic:

“T have taken Peruna asa tonic
on my return from Cuban climate,
and find it excellent,”

Sheds

Ir,

   

Miss Jennie Johnson.

Miss Jennie Johnson, Viee-
President Chicago Teachers’ Fed-
eration, 8118 Lake Park avenue,
Chicago, lll., writes:

“Among the different remedies
I have tried when in need of a
tonic none have helped me more
than Peruna, TI find it especially
helpful in cases of catarrh of the
stomach; it restores the functions
of nature, induces sleep and
builds up the entire system.”

Catarrh of the pelv ec organs
{3 the bane of womank nd.

Most cases of backache are
eaused by catarrh of the kidneys,
Peruana is just the med cine for
eatarrh of the kidneys, It st'mu-
lates the kidneys to exerete from
the blood the accumulating poison,
It gives vigor to the heart's act on
and digestive system. VPeruna
should be used in all cases of
eatarrh of the kidneys.

 

FALK PROTESTS WI1H COAL,

The Brotherhood Circle Promises
to Go to Bed Earlier.

Brotherhood Circle of the First Reformed
Church of Newark promised Judge Lambert
yesterday not to make any noise in its meeting
rooms after 10 o'clock at night. Charles Falk,
who lives next doortothe old chanel where the
circle mvets, thraw two p.eces of coal through
the skylight of the building on Friday night to
announce his disapproval of the merrymaking
uoder his win tows. Falk says that it was 1
o'clock when he threw the coal, and members
of the Brotherhood Circle say that it was be-
tween 10 and 11 o'clock,

Falk told Judge Lambert that he was sorry
he gave way toexcitement, but that the mem-
bers of the chureh society held two or three
noisy meetings every week and kept him and
his tenants 'rom sleeping. Other neighbors
substantiated what he said about the noise,
Walter Bur-tow, who eaused Falk to be sum.
moned, did not wantto make any conpliint
against him for malicious misehiaf, but sat
that he sought to prevent a repetition of the
eval-throwile

Theatrical Notes,

Contracts were signed yesterday wherahy
John H. Springer, forthe Springer Company,
will take control of the Grand Opera House
after Jury, when Augustus Pictou will retire
from the management, Mr. Springer sald
that the theatre will be redecorated this sum-
mer. The lobbies will be done in white and
gold, ‘The present policy of the house will be
continued

George Grossmith, Sr, the well-known Fn-
glish monologuist, arrived yesterday on tho
Lucania He will make his frat appearance in
boston on Feb. 14, and will come to Mendele-
sohn Hail, here, the following week. He br ngs
a number of new monologues, the best of
whi h is called “The Awful Bore.”
The committee that is arranging the Edward
KE, Rice benefit, which is to take pace atthe
Metropolitan Opera House on the afternoon of
Feb lo, announced yesterday some of the per
formers Who have vo unteered, Nat. Goode
win, Maxine Eilott, Lidian Russe |, Willam
Gillette, Fay Templeton and Anna Held have

Result:

 

promised to take part but nave pot
told, what they wil do. Weber and
Fields will appear in their 1

vaudeville sketch, ‘The jast act of tha “The
Lady Frota Chicago” will he shown by mom-
bers of the Srrolers and Emily Hoffman
some of Maurice Grau'a song birda wil «i:
the garden scene of “Puyst.” :
“Cors ant the Wondertnat I
to Tokio,” and "The Bele of New York’ are
eee end Musie wil be bupplied by
itmore’s Band ana ¢ Fietor ‘ rler
Opera Moune orebesins.” ictoria and Harlem

? S
Seb etions from
Amp.” ‘Brow tway

Brooklyn Volunteer Firemen's Ball.

The ennue) ball of the Brooklyn Volunteer
Firem-n’s A-sociation, of which Judge John

Courtney ts President, will take
\ place at th
Acaiemy of Music in that borough to-morrow

I It is given in ald of the benevolent

THROAT As, Vi}
LUNGSAWA YI"
STOMACH

ee

Nits

i aod

Peruna Not a Cure-All.
Peruna is nota “ecuresall’; it cures just
one disease—catarrh, But sinee catarrh
is able to fasten itsel? within the different

organs of the body, so it is that Peruna |

cures affections of these organs. But we
insist that
We claim that Peruna is the only internal,
scientific remedy for catarrl vet devised,
Weclaim that catarrh ix a systemic dis-
system, We claim that Peruna is asvs-
eatarrh from the system. Catarrh is nota
local disease; Peruna is not a local remedy,
| Since catarrh invades the system, only a
systemic remedy can reach it, ‘This is, in
bref, our claim in assigning to the dis-
ease—catarrh—-our remedy, Peruna,
Booker ‘Tl, Washington, Pres dent of
Tuskegee College, Tuskegee, Ala., says:

Tean truthfully sav that I have never

taken any medicine that has improved me

as much as Peruna.”

; . ‘There is no medicine that can take its
hare,

' Columbus, O., for free catarrh book.

Perwina cures one disease only,

ease; that is to say, it invades the whole

temic remedy; that is to say, iteradicates |

“Thave used one bottle of Peruna, and

Address ‘The Peruna Medicine Co.,

KIDN

°

GEN. JOE WHEELER

Says of Peruna: ‘1 join Sen-
ators Sullivan, Roach and
McEnery in their good opin-
ion‘of Peruna as an effective
catarrh remedy.”” ima" att

BLADDER
FEMALE

 

~The Annual

 

Hon, Wm. A Deane, of San Francieca

Hon. Wm. A. Deane, clerk af
the ¢ ty and county of San Frans
cisco, ina letter written from Saa
Francisco, says :

“LT would not he without Pee
runa, as | have found it to be the
best remedy for catarrhal come
plaints that Ihave ever used, I

have tr.ed most all of the so
called catarrh remedies adver-
tised, and can conse entiously

siy that of all the remedies for
catarrhal complaints reooms
me ‘ded to me, none have been se
beneficial as Peruna,”

Wm. A. Deane,
Everybody is subject to cae
farrh, Peruna cures catarrh,

acute or chronic, wherever lo
cuted,

 

Hop. Thomas: Gahan.

Hon. Thomas Gahan, of Cht-
cago, Jil., member of National
Committee of the Democratie
party, writes as follows: ‘‘l was
afflicted with catarrh for fourteen
years, and though IT tried many
remedies, and applied to several
doctors, I was not able to find a
cure, Finally I learned of the
remedy, Peruna, through a
friend who had used it. took
Peruna for twenty-two weeks
and am now entirely cured. t
have every reason to think my
cure @ permanent one, as it has
been a year since then. I can
heartily recommend Peruna as a
catarrh remedy; it will cure
when all other remedies fail,”

 

Mrs. Brackett.

Mr. F. E. Brackett, 8 Sab
street, Medford, Mass., says: **
have been treating myself for ca-
tarrh for about twenty-four years.
During that time T have used
many different kinds of medicine
but since using your medicines f
find them far superior in every
resveet. The tonic effect of Pe-
runa on me is truly wonderful.
My wife uses and recommends
Peruna.”

Few stop to realize in how many
ways catarrh can affect the body.
kvery organ, every duct, every
passage, every opening of the hu-
man body 1s liable to catarrh,
Periioa is an internal, systemia
eatarrh remedy, and acta bene-
ficially on all of the mucous meme
branes of the human body. Cone
sequently it is equally effective
to cure catarrh in any organ.

 

Statement

of

The Mutual Life

Insurance Company
of New York

appears on the last page.

This is the largest Life Insurance Company
in the World.

It has a Reserve against all Liabilities of over

Two Hundred and Fifty-one millions

of dollars and maintains a Guarantee

Fund for the additional protection

of its members of over Forty-

seven millions of dollars.

DOCTOR IN THE RIVER,

 

| No One Seems to Know how He Got There
May Die of Exposure.

\ man who said that he was Dr. Henry Row-
land, ship doctor of a Red Star steamship, tell
the waler at the soutn slip of the Cort-
landt street ferry early yesterday morning and
fore he could be rescued had suffered so
nich from exposure that he may not revover
rhe man Was seen by Watchman Ward to pass

down the gangway toward an outgoing ferry.
boat shortly after midnight, It ene aver an
hour later that his cries were heard. Noone
seetne to Know how he got into the water, He
was rescued by the watehman and gatekeeper

send to Hudson Street Hoepit

|

|

+RIEND QF LINCOLN DEAD,

Thowas Lewis Dies in Kansas City at the
Age of 92,

Kansas City, Mo,, Feb. 3.-Thomas Lewis,
T'resident of the loeal Old Mens’ Assoclation,
died early this morning. He was (2 years old.
Not jong ago he fell down a stairway and,
though he escaped with no broken bones, ha
didvot recover from the shock, Mr. Lewis was
a iawyer, and practised upto a year ago,

Before coming to Kansas City eight years ago
he lived in Soringtieid, HL, where he had prace
tised jaw since 1840. He and Abraham Lin-
coin were intimate friends and practised law in
Iiltnois together, Mr. Lewis was born at Baske
ing Rilge, New Jersey, July ¥, 1808. Hisletheg
Was a farmer,