OME Ww BOOKS.
- = of that on tea. No one estimated that the duty

on teacould, under any circumstances, yield more

 

An English View of the Revolutionary War.
The historiea which are used as textbooks fn |
gthools and colleges are of international impor
tance because they mould the prepossessions
of the next generation, and seriously affect the |
ultimate attitude of one country toward another. |
Ot especial Interest to us are the impressions of our
Revolutionary War which are made upon English |
youth by historical manuals. It is for that rea |
gon that we would direct attention to certain |
@hapters of A Short History of the Eapansion |
of the British Empire, which has been compiled
by Witntam Haniison Woopwarp, one |
Charch, Oxford, Principal of the University Train |
tng College, Liverpool, and is published at
the University Press of Cambridge, England. |

tain the principle, not perceiving that it was the
principle which the colonists vehemently rejected
It is perfectly true that, even if the duty had been
paid, tea would have cost the colonists less than
it did British subjects in England. Nevertheless,
cargoes of tea were thrown overboard in Hoston
Harbor, and a vesvel of the Royal Navy, engaged
in watching the harbors of Rhode Island, was
boarded and burned. In England, these pro-
ceedings were regarded as anarchical,and the third
stage in the conflict waa now reached. “The
King and the Ministry with, it must be said, the
general support of the country, determined to
abandon conciliation for repression, In 1774,
Lord North proposed three measures of coercion
By the Loston Port Act, the harbor of Boston was
ta of secondary and public schools in the | cloned to trade, Inward and outward. ‘The
era gtd That part of the book which | Charter See ee in = ee
deala with India and Australasia is worthy of | ¢ ape officla : of the am = — coe .
commendation, and even that part of it whieh dis. | Med cases, to be ae 7 m nirogoninyp acelin
cusses the causes and consequences of the loss of | Colonial courts o aw Pr Lag bogie
the Thirteen American Colonies shows that, by | ously cores by ¢ a = re wid
comparison with many other British writers on | Were promptly ees Ss ioe scien
the subject, Mr. Woodward is intelligent, fatr eee - 7 a myo on” The
minded and tolerably well informed. Neverthe colonies, “would be — pote Heap Sea ieee
less, his statement of facts is defective, and his enn’, 60 r cae, an Palle ol a an Sept
conclusions to some extent ill-founded, If we Continenta apy at 7 e —— ° —
hero advert to sone of his shortcomings it is 5, 1774. fed aut = _ 1A a ees —
because we hope that certain errors of omission bers vee Sep dian 7 are aie
and commission may ba corrected in a later edition taken by men of a different stamp, BGC UP,
enna Samuel Adams of Boston, and the chariatan,
1. Patrick Henry of Virginia.” Mr. Woodward

mis , dous popular
” ld begin by pointing out what Mr. strangely sconceives the tremen
We shou € pc ‘ movement which then began, if he {magines that

Thia volume ts one of a series prey ared for the use
@f pupil-teachers, and intended to meet the re

Woodward overlooks, that, up to 1768, ‘ ‘
Saanvente of the American colonists were re- | toould be organized and directed by a“demagogue
peatediy sacrificed to the interests of the | anda “charlatan.” The epithets will give young

Englishmen a strangely erroneous conception of
two of the most eminent and useful of our Revolu-
tionary patriots. ‘The author, on the other hand,
is right in noting the curious fact that the first
Continental Congress, while claiming for the Colo

nial Assemblies exelusive rights over taxation,
ati!| admitted the power of Parliament to regulate
trade. It was not until April, 1776, that Congress
repudiated for the first time on behalf of the Thirteen
Colonies the whole fabrio of the Navigation
acts,

Brit!vh trading classea, or to those of the House
of Hanover. By the Peace of Utrecht in 1713,
England could have exacted from France a sur
render of all the French possessions on the main:
land of North America. Instead of that con-
cession, Enelond = preferred to accept aa
@ partial equivalent the tnfamous “Assiento,”
or agreement which secured to her the
exclusive right of supplying negroes to the
Spanish Westindies. A large share of the profits
of t) esiave traffic being thus secured to the British
Crown, England committed herself as a nation

 

Mr. Woodward is justified by the facta in
distinguishing two stages In our Revolutionary

to the maintenance of a trade which we now know
to have been shameful in itself, politically hurtful
and The transport of

economically unseur

 

slaves continued to increase during the eighteenth War, one, namely, during which England
century. Jamaica was the chief English cus- | 4nd the colonfes stood face to face alone,
4 ‘The industrial fu. | 4nd a eecond, in the course of which

tomer; then came Carolina
ture of the tropical and sub-tropical regiona of
Amorica was in large part determined suon after
1700 by the energy of the English purveyors
of slaves. The height of the traffic, however,
was not reached unt! the century was drawing
to 4 close, when the veorly export of slaves from
Afrca to America reached 100.000. Our Declara-
tion of Independence recognizes that the British
Croan was mainly chargeable with the infliction
of the curse of slavers the American colo-
nies, a curse from which the United States could
only be delivered by a colossal civil war. It is
not easily to be forgotten that, when the secession
of the Southern States occurred, the British Gov-
ernment did all it dared to do to fasten the curse

France, Spaln and Holland became arrayed on
the side of the United States. His outline of the
events and incidents, however, which marked the
contests leaves much to be desired. No reference
is made to the engagements at Trenton and | rince
ton, or to the battle of Germantown, or to that of
Monmouth, The gravity of Burgoyne's reverse
is minimized by the statement that ‘he capitulated
with only 3,500 effective troops to a force of 14,000
provinefal soldlery born to forest warfare.’ The
truth fs that, when Burgoyne left Canada on |.i9
expedition southward, he had a great preponder
ance of force in quantity as well as quolity. A
| ludicrously false Impresston of the abort ve out
cone of Cornwallis's campaigns in the Caro!inas

glad to reach New York from the Chesapeake
by sea. Inc rrect.also.ts the assertion that"thenct
ualevent| Yorktown, 1751) by whieh Inde
was won was due, not to American valor, but to
French arms on land end sea.” [tis unquestion

ably true that, had not the French Admiral, Dea
Grasse, controlled the Chesapeake at the critical
moment, Cornwallis would Lave escaped from
Yorktown In English transports to New York.
It is equally true that the whole campaign which
ended in Cornwallis's surrender was conceived,
organized and directed by Washington, who
had under bis command at Yorktown more sol
diery than had the French General De Rocham

beau. Mr Woodward, on the other hand, is ob
viously righ tin saving thatapart from Yorktown,
“theaetion of France had much Influenceon events
in America,” through the money and supplies
given to Congress, and by compelling a diversion
of Britis! armaments to Gibraltar and to the West
and East Indies

though, in 1746, the New England colonists by
e herculean effort, captured the French fortress |
of Louisburg, which, to them was a formidable
menace, England, two years later, gave back
that naval stronehold t return for
Medras, a tracing postin which the American
colonies had not the slightest interest. We ob
serve, finally, tha), when the Peace of 1763 waa .
fn course of negotiation, Fnglish statesmen de- |
bated whetherit might not be polite from a British |
point of view to restore Quebec to France in ex. |
change for the island of Guadeloupe, thus again
exposing the American frontier settlements to |
the inroads of French and Indirns

In the chapter which recounts the loss of the
American Colonies, Mr. Woodvard says that “the
Peace of Paris left England saddled with a debt
of £140,000,000, a laree proportion of which had
been incurred in relieving America of its ene
mies, and {in assuring her future procress.” ‘The
statement is often made, but we have never seen
{t verified. To verify it, we should have to know, | The most meritorious pages in this book are
first, how much money was advanced by Eng- | those which set forth the causes of the rapid and
land during the Seven Years War to her ally, | decisive change in the relations of the mother
Frederick the Great, how much was expended | country to her American colonies during the
directly by herself in the Low Countries and {n | thirteen years that elapsed between the Peace
Germany for the defence of the Flectorate of Hano- | of 1763 and our Declaration of Independence
vor, how much wasspentin India, where Dupletx, | Before defining the immediate agencies which
Ta Bourdonnais and De threatened the ! brought about the rupture, Mr. Woodward under
English Fast India Company with annihilation; | takes to indicate the broad, underiving condi
how much wasspent on naval operations in the | ions which made the Revolution possible. The
Mediterranean, and, finally, how much was | Chief of these conditions lay in the origin and
disbursed for defence and conquest in the West | history of the colonies themselves. The colonists
Indies, about which the British trading classes . posseswed the political tenacity and individual
@eem to have cared quite as much as they did | self-reliance characterisuc of their race.
for the mainland cdlonies. After all these fig- | fighung George IIL New England at least felt
ures had been ascertained, we should be able | itself once more resisting the tyranny of the
to asy precisely how much England had |

Stuarts. Our author also sees that, “thanks to
{n the Seven Years War directly for the protec. | their Jong training in self-government in (Church
tion of the Thirteen Colonies from Freneh

upon a section of our country by permitting and Virginia Is given by the statement that in the
to escape from English ports English built | South, Cornwallis was preparing a venturesoment
warships intended to increase the South- | tempt ty reach, the Hudson by a land mare) from
ern Confederacy’s power of resistance and | Carolina.” Corr wallis never dreamed of reaching
defonce. It is further to be noted that, al | the Hudson by land; he would lave been only too
|
|

 

Prance in

Bussy

and State and to their steady prosperity, the
end Indian aggression. ‘This sum having been | colonial communtiies were politically far more
determined, !t would then be needful to compare ! intelligent and advanced than the mother country
{0 with the amount of money ralsed at the epoch | and its leaders were conscious of." In the second
by the colonies themsrlves for thelr own defence | place, though the colonists had been left to them:
When we consider not only the part which the | Selves in matters of internal government, their
eolontsts took in the movements agalnst the | industries and their commerce had been rigor
French possessions on the mainland, but also | ously and exasperatingly restricted by the Navi-
the extent to which they contributed to the cap- | ation acta. Ieven if, At certain periods, English
ture of Havana, we opine thet there was but lit- | St#tesmen had winked at the evasion of regula-
fle basis for George Grenville’s assertion that tlons as to sea-borne trade, colonial manufactures
@ large share of the debt incurred by England had always been strictly repressed. lp to the
fn the Seven Years War was primarily charge | Peace of 1763, however, the colonists had rewarded
able to the American Colonies, and that, conse | the Navigation laws as the pnce paid for pro-
quently, the means of meeting a proportional tection against foreign enemies, and the French
part of the Interest on the publle debt should |!" Canada had been a standing reminder that

 

be drawn from us by taxation. Mr. Wood- | they could not dispense with the strong arm of
ward says that nobody in England, not | the mother country, When Canada had finally
even Benjamin § Franklin, seema to have passed into English hands, this powerful motive
{magined that Grenville’s programme would | to loyalty no longer operated.” Mr. Woodward
meet with serious oppositton. This Is true | finds another deep-seated source of misunder-
enough, but it only shows that even Franklin | Standing in the gross ignorance evinced by Eng-

lishmen of all classes, from the King, his Min-
isters and civil servants downward, concerning
colonial life and thought. With lack of knowl-
edge wentin governing circles the absence of any
reasoned, consistent policy such as, however

had lost touch of the feelings of his country-
men. It is well known that, althourh the Stamp
Act was passed in March, 1765, with little interast
and less discussion on the eastern side of the
Atlantic, the attempt to enforce the measure
provoked forthwith an outburst of dlsorder defective it might be in itself, marked the rela-
throughout the colonies, and the act became at | tons of France and Spain to their dependencios
once a deadietter | While the colonies were acquiring, and tena-

The British Government's second blunder | Clously maintaining nehts amounting to prac-
was committedin 1767. The Stamp Act had been | tical independence, the English Government
repealed the year before, but now Charles Towns was, in colonial affairs, living, as it were, from
hend, a member of the Ministry headed by William _ 5 Taaanis  ardantelt caaeels vA
Pitt, relying upon the declaration embodied in ton Representatives of the powe ful trading
the repeal to the effect that Parliament possessed

interast no doubtconcerned themselves with Amer-
the absiract right to make laws binding the ica, butonly as traders; of other instructed public
colonies, introduced

opinion on the colonies, there was little or none
enue in

measures for raising oi taanty
Wu.
Passing from the underlying conditions to the
immediate agencias whichled to the rupture, Mr
Woodward points out that, in the three essentials
of a colonial polley, sympathy, equity and clear
sighted purpose, the English method of handling
the problem of American relations was conspicu
jacking. For example, the right of taxa

rey
America by duties on tea, glass lead,
paper and painters’ colors. Grenville's
however, that
of the Interest
abandone!
proceeds of

notion,
the colonies ought to pay part
on the publie debt was
and it that
the

now
was announced

new
Mo more than €40.000,

the
measures,
would

|
estimated at |
he applied
Payment of the salaries of colonial Governors and
Judges. Other New ¥ tion claimed by Grenville, disputed by Chatham
Assembly for resisting instructions concerning | and rejected by the colonies, may have been oan
the quartering of troopsan! strengthened the staff | nically defensible, but the enforcement of it was

to the

ously

bills suspended the

rh

   

employed in the collection of customs’ duties. | clearly contrary to the ingrained political eonvic
Mr. Woodward admits that “it is diMeult for us, | tton of Englishmen. In the aa vet undetermined
Os it was for the colonists, to understand relationasof Parilamenttothecolontes it may have
@ Cabinet headed by William Pitt, and contain | been natural to propose taxation, but the true

ing several strong opponente of the Stamp Act question for statesmen was whether, in the com

how

could assent to such a poltey The dismay of | mon Interest of the Empire, such a poliey was ex
the more sober colonists was quickly followed | pedtent ‘The question thus stated was answers d
in New England by renewed agitation, be non | nots nly by the tenacity of American reniatance
Imporiatlon agreements, by resolutions calling | but by. the paltry product of the taxes a
afresh for a repealing act and by violent trent preeimed = vearly sum of £40,000 in ‘all
ment of Crown ollictals. The Massachusetis Presently reduced by Lord North © the
Assembly, diss lived by the G weapon, promptly [single tax on tea, which was not expected to
Mot asa “Convention:” onthe other band, troops | sield over €20,000. Our author reminds us that
to support the royal authority were desnatehed | by American lawrers, the more subtle queation

in 1768 to Boston

Townshend, who died in September, 1767, was
succeeded by Lord North. Presently Chatham
and those who concurred with him, left the Cabine:
one by one, and, by the end of 1768, the King was
virtually the chief of the Ministry Mr. Wood
warl concedes that to George TL belor is the
freponsibility for the disastrous policy which en
@ued. For a moment, however, the British mer
Gantile community, worried by the disorganiza
ton of. the colonial trade, Intervened, and, in
1770, Lord North attempted a compromise. ‘Town-

was gradually raised Hind Pariiament the right
scislate on any subject, even on matters re

1 3
ating to navigation, for Englishmen who were

 

not represented in it? Though warmly disputed
in New England, this asserted right of Parlia
ment was cefended by no one more energetically
than by Chatham, and was deliberately admitted
by Congress os late as 1975. The controversy
upon this point was for @ bong time academic,
but among the positive causosof the rupture were
the renewed and unprecedentedly strict enforce
ment of the Naviggtion laws and the prohibition of

  

————

shend’s duties were withdrawn, with the exception

| than €20,000,.but the Government wished to main- |

smuggling. This change was due largely to the
preasure of mereantile opinion in England upon
the Ministry; British manufacturers and mer-
chants dwelt upon the loss which British industry
would suffer if the laws became a dead-letter, The
injury done to Boston and Rhode Island by inter-
ference with the West Indian trade, and the frio-
fon involved in the searching of vessels,
brought home the grievance to a wide and
important class of colonists. Then, again, the
proposal to establish a standing army in America
and the actual landing of troops in Boston in
1768 were keenly resented, ‘To all classes of colo-
nists 4 standing army wae distasteful if America
was expected to pay the cost. British officers
for the most part had hitherto made themaelves
unpopular by their conduct and pretensions, and
it was felt that roval garrisons would prove harm

| ful to colonial simplicity, and, in case of confict

The
of the

with royal Governors, possibly dangerous
mischief produced by a misapprehension

| elements of the situation was completed by Lard

! the country and of the people ceserited

rain

| population of China

| names,

North's coercive legistation in 1774, ‘The laws
then passed, as Chatham and Burke contended,
rendered conciliation impossible, and were only
intelligible as an intentional prelude to war

To sam up: The American Kevolution is traced
by Mr. Woodward to the lack of a consistent
polley from 1767 onward. ‘There might be strong
academic arguments for a system of colonial
taxation which should constitute an. effective
part of a scheme of imperial defence, but to im-
peril the Empire for £40,000 a veer was not states:
manship. To confess Townshend's finance to be
mistaken and yet to retain its most irritating feat
ure>-the tea duty—worth at most £20,000 a year
was preposterous. Nor was it kingly in George
ILL. to treat a rebuffin policy asa personal affront,
while {t was the silliest bravado to threaten coer
clon without either the intention or the power of
exerting force enough to carry it through. As tt
was, America was irretrievably lost, before the
war broke out, by a policy, if itean be called a pol-
fey, which wasatonce aimless, weak and stupid,

It will be acknowledged that, notwithstanding
the errors in detail to which we have adverted,
the author of this book shows himself ou the whole
better informed and more sensible than are most
English writers on the subject. His final admis
slon deserves to be recorded, namely, that, apart
from the ald derived by us after 1778, from France,
with which Spain and Holland successively co
operated, England could hardly have triumphed
in any event. British troops, if supported by
adequate fleets, might have held important points
along the coast, “but the war proved at an early
stage, and conclusively, that the interior could
not be recovered, that New England was lost and
that the submission of America, if yielded at all,
could be maintained only by an intolerable drain
upon the resources of the mother country.” We
must add that Mr. Woodward repeats the current

assertion that to American independence should
be ascribed the beginning of a new idea of coloatal
relations on the part of the British Government
‘There is no proof that such an luea was implanted
in the generavionof British siatesmen which wit
nasaed our Revolutionary War, or in the nextwzen

  
 

eration. The truth Is that fifty-seven years
elapsed between ths peace of 1753 and the conces-
sivv ol the fret installment of genuine self govern

ment to the Canadas It is a strangely retarded
lesson which it takes two yenerations to learn

 

 

M.W. iL
The Valley of the Yangtze Kiang.

We are indebted to Mrs. J. FF. Bishop, better
known to American readers by her maiden
name, Isabella lL. Bird, which was attached
to a valuable book upon Japan, for an
account of extensive journess within” the
Lridsh aphere of influence in Cnina, pub-

lished under the title of The Yangtze Vailey and
Hevond (2 vols. Putnams In the course of her
trivels, the author traversed not only the lower
Yangtve, but also the puddle and upper courses
of that great river, spending & consideralle time
in the province of Svechuen, ond of taining an
opnortunity of learnings something at first hand
about the Mantza of the Somo territory. Mrs,

|

 

) tumn

Bishop does not pretend to have escaped errors, but |

sh believes that her mistakes are not of material
importanee, and that, in the main, these volumes
will be found to convey a truthful impression of
‘Lhose
who have read ber book upon Japan will be likely
to share her confidence. It is well that we ean
trust somebody in view of the conflicting state-
ments which emanaie from foreign
China who are presumably well informed.
The truth seems to be that, homogeneous as the
is, yet, with regard to very
many customs, what is true in one region is not
true in another. It was noted, fo
our author, that, even in the siugle province of

instance, by

szech hic ob oe, is very large wr of
Szechuan, which, to be sure, is very large and | tinents to be,” Is especially

| commercially profitable.

 

no doubt, however, that, after the Chin Sna and
the Min unite at Sui Fu, the great river is justly
regarded as the most important of Asiatic water-
ways, furnishing, as it does, by ite main stream
end the tributaries which enter it, routes easy
of navigation through the rich and crowded cen-
tral provinces of China; also water eonnection
with Canton by the Fu-ling, with only two port-
ages, and with Tientsin by the grand canal which
it cute in twain at Chin Kiang,

Mrs. Bishop directs attention to the navigable
affluents of the Yangtze, reminding ue that, in
order to estimate their importance, we should
keep in view that the great river of which they
are feeders is not only an outlet, but the only
outlet, for the commerce of Szechuan, which,
owing to its size, population, actual wealth and
capabilities, may be truly termed the Empire
Province of China. On the north, or left bank,
the Min, before uniting with the Chin Sha at
Sui Fu, receives near the beautiful trading cily
of Chialing Fu, the Tung, or Tatu, a river with
a volume of water 60 much larger than its own,
as to justify the view taken by scientific observ

ers thatit ought to be considered the main stream, |

the Ya, also an affluent of the Min, is navigable
for bamboo boats up to Vachow, the centre of the
brick tea trade with Tibet. After leaving Sui
Fu the Yangtzo receives at Luchow the To,
which gives access to one of the richest sections
of the provinces, and at Chungking, the trading
capital, it is joined by the Chia-ling. The latter
is Iu itself a river of great size, being navigable
for over 500 miles, and actually
the province of Kansuh. It receives in its turn
several navigable feeders, passes for much of
its course through a rich and fertile region, as
well as a tract which produces large quantities
of salt. and it bisects the vast coal flelds which
underlie central Szechuan. On the tight, or
south bank, above the gorges, at the picturesque
city of Fa-chow, the Fu-ling, which has three
aliases, enters the Yangtze. The Fuling is an
aflluent of much commercial utility, as being
the first of a network of rivers, by which, as we
have said, with only two portages, goods from
the Par West can reach Canton, and as affording
with its connections, the Yuan Ho and the Tung
ting Lake, an alternative route to Hankow, by
which the risks of the rapids are avoided. After
the Yangtze enters the gorges, which, at one
point, narrow it to @ width of 150 yards, there

are ono aliluents worthy of special notice
until Jehang is passed, when ihe lian,
navigable for cargo boats for 1,200 miles

of northwesterly windings from its mouth at
Hankow, takes the first place, followed by the
Yuan Hsiang, Kan, Shu and other tributaries,
Which join the Yangtze through the Tungung
and Poyang lakes. These rivers, especially
the Han, are themselves swelled by a great num-
ber of navigable feeders, which, east of Sha-stih
in the Great Plain, are connected by @ vast net-
work of navigable canals, the differences In level
being overcome by an ingenious contrivance
called the pab. These numerous natural and
artificial waterways are among the chief ele-
nents of the prosperity of the Yangtze Valley,
alfording, as they do, Cheap transit for merehan

 

! dise; land carriage ia China costs, mile for mile,

twenty times as much as water carriage

It appears that the time of the annual rise and
fall of the Yangtze can be counted on with tolerable
certainty. From thie pointof view, the river is
more trustworthy than the Nile, The rise of the
Yangtze, which varies from forty feetor thereabvout
at Hankow to ninety feet and upward at
Chungking, begins late in March, is at its height
eatly in August and then gradually falls until
December or January. During three months
of the year the rush of the huge volume of water
is so tremendous that traffic is, for the most part,
suspended, and even in early June many hun-
dreds of the large junks are laid up until the au-
The annual rise of the river as well as
its rapids have to be taken into consideration In
the discussion of the question as to whether steam
navigation on the upper Yangtze can be made
We should here point
outthat itis not solely by deposits of rich alluvium,

_ brought down by the annual rise of the river,

residents |

populous, there is a marked untikeness between |

one district and another as regards house and
temple architecture, methods of transit and trade
customs.
we should mention that Mrs Bishop has
generally adopted the transliteration given by

| Consul Playfair in his published list, though,
a
| in the case of a fow well-known cities, the familiar

In |

 

but unscholarly orthography has been retained,

We add that, of the 116 illustrations most are
from photographs made by the author

I.

Let us first glance at the preliminary chapter,
which presents some important statistical data
relating to the region which the author was
to traverse, It is true enough that few read
ers appreciate the magnitude and resources of
the great basin which, in the spring of 1406
claimed as the Broich“sphere of influence,” Mes
Bishop, for her part, cor ses thatit was only
atthe end of eight months spent on the Yareize
and its tributaries that +
prehend thelr immense eapabi
gies of their enormous populate
jeally, there can be vbout the limits
of the Yangtze Valley. The drainage area of
this great river and iis affluents must be taken
as extending from the #0th to the 122d meridian
of east longitude, and as including all or most
of the important provinces of Szechuan, Hupeh,
Jiunan, Kiangsi, Nganhul, Kiangsuand Honan,
wilh considerable secuions of Chekiang, Kuei
chow and Hunan; the valley must even be held
to the southeastern drainage areas
of Kansuh, Shensi and Shantung. The whole
superficies of the basin is computed at about
650,000 square miles, and its population, one
of the most peaceable and industdous on earth,
at from 170,000,000 to 180,000,000. The actual
length of the Yangtze River is unknown, but
is believed not to exceed 5,000 miles tising,
according to the best georraphical information,
almost due north of Calcutta, its upper waters
have been partially explored by Prjevalsky
and Rockhill up to an altitude in the Tang-la
Mountains of 16,400 feet, and as far as latitude
84 degrees 43 minutes North, and longitude 90
degrees 48 minutes Fast. It has thus been ascer-
tained that the great waterwey, although not
tracked actually to ita source, rises on the south-
eastern edge of the Central Asian steppes, and,
alter draining an extensive and littl known
aren, pursues a torrential course under the nano
of the Chin Sha, hemmed in by parallel ranges,
and raging through gigantic rifts in Yunnan
and southwestern Szechuan, which rifta cul-
minate in grandeur at the Sun Bridge, a moun-
tain abutting on the river in precipice or preei
pices which must be 5.000 feet above its waters,

Itis not tll these gorges are nassed and the Chin
Sha reaches Ping Shan, forty miles above Sui Fu,
of which the reader will hear more hereafter, that
the river becomes serviceable to man. In longi
tude 94° 45°, at about 2,200 miles from its mouth,
Col. Prjevaniky describes it as a rapid torront,
with adepth of from five toseven feet, and a width
in summer of a mile and in autumn of 750 feet
In traveling from its supposed source to Ping
Shan, 4 distance roughly estimated at 600 miles,
its fall must be fully 15,000 feet while for the whole
distance from Ping Shan to Shanghai the fall ix
only 1,025 feet, and from Hankow to the sea, a
distance of 600 miles, only aninch per mile The
Min, or Fu River, appears to have its source in
the Baian Kara Range, and joins the Chin Sha at
Sui Fu. While the Chin Sha is only navigable
for about 40 miles above this junction, the Min is
navigable to Chengtu, about 266 miles from Sui
Fu, and by a branch to Kuan Heien, 40 miles
higher. Mes. Bishop descended the Min from
Chengtu to Sui Fu in a fair-sized boat at the very
lowest of low waters, The Min being navigable
from afar greater distance, the Chinese biogra-
phers regard itas the true Great River, the superior
length of the Chin Sha not being taken into ac
count. It is noted by our author that the Chinese
only give their great river the name of Yangtze
for the extent of its tidal waters; above the head
of the tide it receives a series of names, There ia

WAS

   

ye even bercan to com

 

ties and the ener
Geograph

 

no mistake

comprise

  

 

 
  

With respect to the spelling of place)

that the surface of the Great Plain has been grad-
ually raleed. The ageney of dust storms Is an
important one; these occur extensively through
out central as well as northern China, moving
much material from place to place. Mra Bishop
saw 4 dust storm which lasted for seven hours,
burying some hovels and much agricultural
country, and even producing a metamorphosis
of the rocky bed of the Yangtze. Our author
thinks that Tennyson s description of the work
of rivers as being destined "to sow the dust of con
applicable to the
Yangtze, which, after creating the vast alluvial
plains which stretel, from Sha-shih for 800 miles
t) the ocean, and endowing them through
annual everflow with sufficient fresh
to keep upan unsurpassed fertility, has yetenough
to spare to discharge 770,000 cubic feet of solld
substance every second into thesea. Within com-
paratively recent years the Yangtze bas done

iis

deposits

penetrating |

 

| the insatiable ambitions and ill-concelved rivalries

) Struetion to renovation, and Mra. Bishop testifies |

| of her chapters our author describes the laborious |

| anlaries are denounced as the deadly upas tree

{a sick

Much to create the eastern portion of the province |

of Kiang Su, and the island of Tsung- ming, near
Shanghai, capable of supporting a population
of considerably over a million souls.

Wf,

The population of the Vanetze Valley, from the
ocean to the unexplored riffs of the Chin Sha
is homogeneous, that is to say, Chinese, with
the exception of certain iribes in the Var West
‘The ‘Lartars. or Manckus, Whosupplied the throne

with the present dynasty, whose fa here drove |

the Clinese before them like sheep, Who still
garrison the great cities, have mainly degenerated
into opium smoking loafers, the principal agent

! in their downfall being the system of hereditary

| pensions

rere rrr rl sees ee eens

Mrs. Bishop testifies that, amid this
enormous population, not perhaps overestimated
at 180,000,000, it may be said that, with the ex-
ception of spasmodic and local rebellions, law and
order, prosperity and peace prevail, and that the
security for the gains of labor exists, Which is the
indispensable condition of civilization, The sya-
tem of government, the Written language and the
education are uniform: as for the three religions,
Confucianism, Vuddhism and Taoism, they are
so mixed up that there is litte antagoniem
between them. Our author, indeed, found
something marvellous in the social and
mercantile organization of this valley population
with its methods of trafic, {ta trade guilds, trade
unions, charities, banking and postal systems
and powerful trade combinations, It is essential
forus she tells us, if we would estimate the position
in the sociological scale occupied by the inhaln-
tants of the Yangtze Valley, to recognize clearly
thatour Western ideas find themselves confronted
not with barbarism, or with debased theories of
morals, but with an elaborate and antique civ-
jlization, Which yet is not decayed, and
though imperfect, has many claims to respect,
and even to admiration. Those ideas meet with
a perfectly organized social order, a system of
government theoreticaliy adapted to the country,
combining the extremes of centralization and de
centralization, under which, in spite of the
infirmities and infamies of the administration, the
governed enjoya large measursol peace and pros-
perity, a noteworthy amonnt of individual liberty
and security for the gaingsof labor, and under which
itis aa possible for a peasant's son to rise to high
position as itiein the United States In herown
travels through the Yangtze Valley. from the great
entrepota of Hangchow and Hankow to the trading
cities of Szechuan, Mrs. Bishop received very
definite and deep impressions of the completeness
of the Chinese social and commercial organization,
of the skill and carefulness of their agriculture
and the clever adjustment of means to ends; of
the existence of provincial patriotism, or rather
of local public spint and of the possession by the
race atlarge of back bone,the powerof combination,
resourcefulness and independence. It is, Ina
word, by no means an eifete or decaying people
which the Western nations will have to face in
serious competition when it ehall have become
conversant with our sciences and some of the
methods of our manufacturing industries

In some remarks on Chinese contradictiana,
contained in her second volume, Mra [ishop In
sists that nothing is decadent in China except
theadministrative system. Hutfor the Increasing
use of oplum in certain provinces, the people may
be described as sound; it is the officials that are
corrupt The verdict of the Inspector-General
of Maritime Customs seems to agree with our auth
or's, for he declared in 1898 that, although the
Government of China was hard pressed for funds,
the country grows wealthier every year. So
far a8 an opinion may be based on the impressions
derived by Mra, Bishop in Aileen months of jour-

 

See a)

 

 

—_——— =

neyings during three of the moat important years | is apt to look ragged and half starved. Among
in modern Chinese history, she is inclined very | the well-to-do and well-nourisbed classes the
much to doubt whether China ts “breaking up.” evils of opium are, apparently, more moral than
“During the three years in the course of which I! physical; among the masses both, evils are com:
Was travelling off and on in China, the Dragon | bined. The lower orders of officials and “yamen
Throne reeled, but righted Itself, and the Govern: | runners,” with their unlimited leisure, ore gen
ment survived the Japanese war, the heavy indem: | erally amokers, Among our author's official
nity, the loss of the suzerainty ever Coreaand the | escorts in Szechuan, numbering in all 148 men,
ageressions of Russia. It eatinguished in blood | all but two were devotees of opium , :
the serious Mohammedan rebellion In Kansuh, | The habit defles public opinion, The Chi
and has lately brought about the collapse of the nese themselves condemn allexcept the most moder
rebellion in Szechuan. ‘The bond of union which ate opium smoking as 4 vice no less harmful ;
connects the provinces with each other and with tian gambling, and not a voive is raised in de
Pekin has outlasted all these mishaps, and, if it fence of the custom, even by the amokers them
ix broken, 1 believe it will be by foreign interfer- | gelves. On the contrary, the eplum habit is
ence, and by the shifting and opportunist policy, |

|

regarded aa a disease, for the cure of which many
smokers voluntarily place themselves in opium
refuges at some expense, and at the cost of great!
suffering, In the market towns, which are
thronged with native traders, there ts to be seen on
many stallsamong innumerable indigenous drugs
and commodities, a package labelled “Remedy
for Foreign Smoke,” foreign smoke being the
usual name for opium in western China, Mrs |
Bishop was impressed by the exhibition of a j
curious sort of conscience among the devotees |
! of opium which leads them to consider themrelves |
| as moral criminals. The Chinese generally be
'
!

of certain foreign powers.” Itis not denied that, |
in the course of her travels over more than &,000 |
miles, our author haa seen in some regions roads, |
canals, temples and some ancient public works |
falling into disrepair, We ere, however, reminded
that the Orlental throughout Asia prefers con |
that, alongside of the decaying structures were
not onty hundreds of temples recently repaired,
but now temples, new pagodas, new and handsome
Dridges, new pai fangs or arches con:memorative
of faithful widows, and other new works which,
tbe sure, were rather of private than public origin,
The great province of Szechuan, at all events,
which is about as large as France, and contains
from 60,000,000 to 70,000,000 inhabitants, is cer
tainly not decadent. Commercial and industrial
energy Is not there declining, the vast fleets of junks
are novvainly rocking in harbors and reaches;
on the contrary, industry, thrift, resourcefulness
and the complete organization both of labor and
commerce moet the treveiler at every turn A |
high standard of mercantile credit is maintained,

contracts are carried cut, laborers are teachable,

lieve that if a man takes to ‘he opium habit |
it will lead to the impoverishn ent and ruin of |
his family, and will prevent him from fulfill |
ing one of the first of Confucian obligations, |
namely, the support of his parents in their old
age, On several occasions our author was &
sured by Chinese that the reason the Japanese
, had beaten them was that they were more vigor
| ous Men owing to the rigorous exclusion of opium
i from Japan. Foreign observers have drawn
a similar deduction from the widespread use
of the drug. ‘Thus the British Consul at ‘Tainan,
Formosa, expresses the opinion that “as long
as China remains a nation of opium smokers.
there is not the least reason to fear that she will
become a military power of any importance, 4s
the habit saps the energies and vitality of the
people.” Writing on the deplorable condition
of Yunnan, Consul Bourne, who accompanied
the Blackburn commission to the west and south

tractable and intellicent, their earnings are secure,
of China in 1896-07, attributes to the general |
'
|
|
|
|
|
|

aud, on the whole, law and order prevail.

ri,
Even a regards the administrative eystem, it
cannot be ‘lisputed that the theory of the Chinese
CGovernmentis one of the best ever devised by the
witof man, Against every possible abuse safe-
guards, presumalby eflective, were provided, ‘The
enjoyment of property and life was assured to the
people, the laws, in the matin, were just, concise |
and of equal pressure, the right of rising against
4 corrupt and oppressive official was guaranteed,
literary civil service exam.tiations were made the
entrances to official life. Laferior birth was no bar
to the attainment of high position, The laws of

use of opium the extraordinary failure of this
province to recover from the Cevastation cau wl
by the rebellion. ‘Testimony the ef
fect is borne in a book [published at the close
of 1808 by Chang Chih-tung, who has filled sue

cessively tree of the most important Viceroyal
opium

to same

ties in the Empire, He pronounces the
habit a huge national evil, and continues as fol
lows: “The injury done by opium is that of &
stream of poison flowing onfor more than a hun
dred years, and diffusing itself in) more than
The sutferers froin this
untold millions, Its conse-
quences are insidious and seductive, and tu
limit has not yet been reached, It destroys men’s
abilities, it wastes wealth, It weakens the virror
of the soldier, and it has made China what she
is today. Thedrug affects the ability of civilians
and aoldiers alike. Mer

their physical strength is reduced
they lack

the country embodied the highest teaching of
political ethies which China had ever received
Never on earth has the patriarchal theory of gov-
ernment been so thoroughly systematized or
acted upon so long and with so much consistency
“The ethical teaching and the laws based upon it
remain, and the strongest power in China to-day

is Confucius; but the admirable theory of gov- |
ernment has proved weak in the presence of the |
downward wndeney of human nature in a pagan |
nadon. The infamies of Chinese administration

to-day have been rivetted upon China by centuries
of political retrogression and the gradual lower-

ing of the standard of public virtue in the absence |

twenty-three provinces
injury amount to

‘s wills are weakened an

In the ma
industry hey
distance, Their expendi
1, their chil tren are tew

 

here

 

of business,

cannot journey any
ture becomes extravagn
After a few more decades, the result will be that
China will become the lavehine-stock of the
world.” This native writer concludes with the
averment that “if Confucius and Mencius were
to live again, and were prain to teach the Em- |
varning |

     

  

of a wholesome and vigorous public opinion.”
Certain forms of bribery, corruption and pecula-

tion have obtained the force of custom, seven-

} . are “
tenths of the revenue {a Intercep ed by the three pire, they would certainly begin. by

hands” of officials, and all sumsallottedfor public | men to break off theopium babit.” Tt will rot
works, repairs and military and naval equipment | escape notice that these views regarding the

effecta of onium are searcly reconcilable with

sutler enormous depletion on the way to their

 

 

|
haat . é i the many signa of prosperity which Mrs. Bishop |
destination, Therecould certainly beno heavier | observed throughout the interior of China
indictment against an administrative system —_—
than the factthat, under it, an honest functionary | How Naples Succum bed to Garibaldl.
can scarcely exist, There have been, undoubtedly, | ay The Collapse of the Kingdom of Naples by
Mandarins in China who, after along and labori- | yy Reygen Waertiorse (Bonnell, Silver &
ous term of office, have died poor, Such excep- | Co.) we have a painstaking account of an inter
tions, however, are rare, and even a well-meaning

esting episode of contemporaneous history, We |
know of no other book in English which deals
exclusively with the national and international
causes, political and social, which contributed

teal aM ‘ ' ' to the collapse of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. ,
life of & Mandarin, who has to perform the work of | Updoubiedly, most persons are aware that the direct

six men, and seldom gets a holiday. For this | outcome of Garibaldi’s filibustering  expedi
amount of labor he is virtually unpaid, much | tion to Sicily was the annesation not only of that
more than his wretched salary being necessarily | island, but also of the mainland part of the King
expended to maintain his official state, By all dom of Naples, to the dominions of King Victor
first-hand observers of China the inadequate | gnimanuel If. ‘The circumstances, however,

|
|
| which made it possible for a handful of adven
|
|

man is discouraged by the knowledge that his |
best efforts will be frustrated by the unscrupulous |
clerks and retainers who surround him. In one |

which casts a fatal shadow over Chinese offictal
life. They make peculation and corruption all
but an absolute necessity. It is the iniquities
of this system that have brought the most ancient
of existing empires into the ostensible position of
man, surrounded by voracious Western
nations gnawing at his extremities, and prepared
to prev upon his vitals |
It is here (hat we are confronted by the most |
atariiing of Chinese contradictions. The al- !
leged “sick man" ought to be “in decay,” but he !
is not. His innate cheeriness is scarcely clouded
by the repeated assertions that he ought to be
dead, and le faces his predicted doom without |
a trace of misgiving. Mrs. Bishop bears wit- |
ness that, upon the whole, taxation, in spite of
|

|

turers to overturn the organized military, naval

and civil institutions of a State numbering nearly

eleven millions of inhabitants are thoroughly
| understood by few persons outside of a small
| coterie of students engaged in the investigation

of the diplomatic and social undercurrents of the |
| period which witnessed the political regenera- |
tion of Italy. We may say at once that the con-
clusion at which Mr. Whitehouse arrives is that,
low as Naples had sunk under Francis IL, her
last Bourbon sovereign, her government would
have been strong enough to withstand the on
slaughts of the Garibaldians if bellnd Garibaldi
had not stood Victor Emmauuel and Cavour
In order to exemplify the value of this volume,
we would direct particular attention to the chap
ters which treat of Garibaldis capture of Palermo
and subsequent entrance into Naples,

the squeezes attending it, is rarely oppressive
in the country, and, in the towns, is extremely
light. The phrase “ground down" does not apply
to the Chinese peasant
ligious toleration, Guilds, trades’ unions and
other combinations carry out their plans un-
impeded, and the Chinese genius for associa-
tion is absolutely unfettered
tically,
least people upon
reader should be staggered

There is complete re

activity reigned among the vanous revolutionary
committees in the Neapolitan provinces and in
Sicily. Nobody believed in the maintenance
of the political status quo; the events thet had oe
curred in upper Italy left only a few optinusts
or dynastic enthusissts with ony illusions eon

The Chinese, prac-

iu aclual life, are one of the freest and
the

oY What appears a |
{

oppresse i earch, Lest

I, |
During the early months of 1860 unparalleled
|

paradox, in the face of the admissions made) cerning the stability of the throne. Especially
regarding the evils of administration, Mrs. | in Calabria, the revolutionary organisations |
ishop repeats that “if a single statement | were advocaing a general uprising. As early as
is applicable io thea Chinese Empire, viewed | Docember, 185). Donato Morelli, one of the most
as 4 whole, tt is this: that freedom is the | ardent Calabrian patriots, and an enthusiastic

birthright of the people, that.
sess inalienable rghis to life, liberty and the pur-
suit of happiness, and that China is one of the
most democratic countries on The
Government, feeble and evasive as it

dealings with foreigners

vey claim ond pos- | Unionist, opened a vigorous campaign with the
object of securing the co-operation of Garibalut
in the revolutionary movements of the S

|
|

uth. |

In letters to the central committee at Naples,

the globe,
is in its | he advised that Garibeldi should be urged w or

is yet quite capable | ganize an expedition to the Calabrian coast
of carrying out its will when it sets its mind on
something to be attained at home, and is not
necrly so impotent as many suppose. Habit
ually, however, it plays ony a Most minute part
in the economy of national life, and a Chinaman
may live and die Without any other contact with it

than the paymentofaland tax

He was confident, be said, thata couple of thousand

men, well oficered, and provided with efficient

arms, munitions and a dozen field pieces, Would be |
successful, Everything was in readiness in the |
southern provinces, and only the initiative of |
Garibaldi was needful, The ery for Gantaldi |

Heisfreeto prac. | was soon taken up, ‘The name of the popular hero

tice all trades and industries; to make money and

to keep it; toemigrate and to return with his gains:

he is free to rise from the peasant’s hut to place

and dignity; to become # millionaire and confer

princely giffa upon his province; he is free in hia

religion and in his amusements, and in his social

exercised a potent fascination over the people of
Southern Italy, and inspired even the Neapolitan
troops with vague awe Vhe legends of his ex
ploita in South America acquired fabulous pro
portions in the minds of the ignorant and inpres
sionable Southerners, while the traditions of 184),
and the remembrance of the preeipituus retreat of |

 

  

|
!
|
|
|
|
|
and commercial life.” In fine, what we have
to deal with in China, is not a mass of down- | Velletn, when a Bourbon army fled before the red | Yet fidelity to the Bourbon Prince was by no means
trodden serfs, but a pation of hereditary freemen, | shirted warriors of the Roman ‘Tribune, were still | UNANimoUs Among those who had remalned
fresh in the recollections of the subj cts of | passive spectators of the Dietater’s entry; many
IV. Francis Il, "De Cesar says that even befory | officers and men now availed themselves of the
Something ought to be said about the opium | the General janded at Marsala, or had entered | opportunity 4 Torded to throw In their lot wiih
curse in China, especially as Mrs. Bishop de- | Palermo, his invincibility had bee ne legendary | the new recune, while others, less martlally
votes 4 chapter to the subject. We are told that | among the populations of the Two Sicilies. He | clined, abandoned the str e and sought the
none of her data has been derived [rom mia was believed to be endowed with superhuman | seclusion of their native village Scarcely lesa
sionaries, not because the accuracy of their asser powers; in his presence, opposiig forces melved snomalous Was the spectacle offered devout Nea-
iona is distrusted, but because they are be- | away; he had conquered all those who measured | i litians when Garibaldi, on the day of his
lieved by so many people to be prejudiced, Our | themselves against him; and, only a few months | arrival, 1 ade his way in a hired vehicle
author sets forth only such results of opium amok. | ago, the Austnans in Lombardy had been routed lt) the shrine of the Virgin at Pledf
ing as she haa seen in her own limited expe His proud and, at the same time, lenevolent | grotla, Ww ! | nh menarchs were ate
rience, or has heard of directly from Chinese | physiognomy, confirmed this belief, and was j cuntot {tov the same date, at
through her interpreters, or has read in a careful | universally known by means of innumerable | ter { by great pomp and military display, in
paper on the use of opium, published by Dr. Dud- | reproductions of his: portrait mor rorat of the accession of their dynasty
geon of Pekin. In Szechuan she observed that At this point of hia narrative Mr. Whitehouse | t the throne of NS 8
the area devoted to the poppy is enormous, and | reminds us that, during Garibaldi's sojourn in | In possession of the Nes pothan capital.
owing to the high price of the drug and the | England in 1504, he visited Tennyson, Who “was | Garibaldi's first oficial act Was to decree thatall
ease with which it is transported, its culture | charmed with his simplictiy,” but thought that | vessels of War, arsenals, ormamenis and manne
is encroaching on the rice and arable lands. It | in worldly matters he seemed to have the “divine j Supplies belonsanag i he State of the Two Sicilles
is admitted, she tella us, by the natives of this | stupidity of @ hero.” In a note to the Duke of | should be transferred the feet of Victor Eman
province that the main reason of the deficient | Argyle the Poet-Laureate refers to this visit | uel, and placed at the disp. { Admiral Persano
food supply which led to the famine and distress | “Whata noble human being! Lexpectod to ove a Although this sy} ANeOUSs 4 tangible token
experienced in 1807 waa the allotment of ao much | hero, and IT was not disappointed. One cannot | of the alty of the victor ebooter, Waa cale
ground to the poppy that there was no longer a | exactly say of him what ( haucer says of the idea lated Teassure those W had questioned
margin left on which to feed the populadon when | Knight, ‘As meke he was of port as is a maid.’ | WAT eee f lias ar ae I ately
the harvest was poor. On many of the Szechuan | he is more majestic than meek, but his manners | \ } 'p ; nal { hief wai
roads, opium houses are as common as gin shops | have a certain divine simplicity in them, such as } seriou ' isu ' h political
in the London slums, Mra. Bishop learned from | Ihave never witnessed inanativeottheseisiands, | Se" ”" Maraint, it was ! hls ambitions,
Chinese sources that tn several of the large cities | among men al least, and they are gentier ‘han | ‘ ’ Ss NRtILah hs a gi na
of the province 80 per cent. of the men and 40 | those of most young maidens whom I know Iu hi “for wit
per cent. of the women are opium smokers; this | came here and smoked bis cicarin my little room, f
must not be understood to mean, however, that | and wehad half an hour's talk in Foglish, though | Ministe i ; }
they are opium “wrecks,” for there isa vastamount |} [doubt whether he understood me periectly, and ¥ b " n
of “moderate” opium samoking in China. The | hismeaning Wasoften obscure tome = Thappened row l 1] ’
prevalence of the habit among the lower classes | to make use of this expression, ‘that fatal debt of | ea af ren des dag
ia obvious from the exceeding poverty which | gratitude, owed by Italy to Napoleon Gran | | 1s ' ha in 0
it entails. Millions of Chinese laborers earn | tude,’ he said, ‘Hasn't he had his pay” his reward? MECH ePVen On OF art
barely enough to provide them with what, even | If Napoleon were dead, I should be glad, and iff | oineppcwers ber aaa r oy sat cae.
according to their limited notions, are the neces | were dead, he Would be glad.'" Garibaldi, sobered by th featofl his troops dup
saries of life; from the sum available for these We have referred to Donato Morelli's activity a his pent oh Itiesced in the views and
the money spent on opium is deducted. Hence} on the Neapolitan mainiand. This was ably | com, lots uniticalion ep 2. or
the confjfaed opium smoker among ihe poor J seconded in Sicily by Francesco Crispi, a native * 1670-71, when it could be salely accomplished,
é ,
'
, Fe s , ‘ "? bape SAG 8A Ae = 552% PAL co nor wd 9 at

| native population,
{
fhe moral apy

| equipped, and, fr
| disciplined, besides being deficient in artillery,

|

  
   
   
 

of the island. As agent of the revolutionary
committees, Crispi, who, in spite of long exile,
was thoroughly in touch with the political
aspitations of his fellow citizens, made two
journeys through the island, and carefully laid
down the lines for the new movement prepared
by the exiles in Turin, At. this period Crispi

| was anardent Republican, and, 4s 4 disciple of

Mazzini, Was looked upon with suspicion by
Cavour, to whom he made known the result
of his investigations and applied for material aid.
With Parini, then Governor of Modena, he wae
more successful, receiving the promise of a million
franes toward the organization of the projected

' expedition, Which he sought to induce Garibaldi

to command — Petty Jealousies and dissensions,
however, among the instigators and leaders of

| the auxiliary expedidon from northern Italy, to

wethor with the hesitation of Garibaldi to assume

! the responsibility of the command, caused a mis

carriave of the expected co-operation of the

' exiles with their impatient brethren in the South,

When, on April 4, 1860, the flame of insurrection
burst forth in Palermo. The rebellion in’ the
Sicilian capital wes quickly quenched tn blood,
Nevertheless, in other parts of the island the revo
lutionis's rose against their oppressors and joined

| inthe ery for “Italy and Vietor Emmanuel!”

It was now recognized by the Neapolitan Gow
ernment that, should Garibaldi's threatened
expediiion take place and a landing be auccess-
fuliy effected, the Sicilian rebellion of today would
be quickly converted into the revolution of to-mom
row, Nevertheless, no effective measures Were
taken to deprive the insurrectionie’s of succor
from over the sea, and, on May 6, 1*€0 the Nea»
politan Government was warned that Garibaldd
had sailed, having evaded the Piedmontese au-
thorities, On the 11th, came the news of the
landing of Garibaldi at the lead of a thousand
volunteers at Marsala. ‘The familiar history of
Garibaldi's ensuing achievements in Sicily is not
recounted by Mr. Whitehouse in detail. The
fundamental cause of his success is to be sought
in the moral difference of the conditions under
which his soldiers and the forces of the Govern
ment confronted each other. “On the one hand,
wild enihusiasm, bravery amounting to heroism;
an apostolic faith in the cause which Garibaldi's
soldiers served, and for which they cheeriully
sacrificed theirlives, On the other side, anarmy
numerically superior, but lacking an ideal; lack-
Ing the stimulus ef conviction; an army Which
bore arms professionally in the servive of a sove
ereign for Whom they personaliy felt) no enthue
siasin noreven ihe wingled fear and respect Which
Opposed fo them Was @
jeader enveloped in the halo of legendary invinci-
bility, Whose name evoked recollections of the
fatal retreat of Velletri, a retreat which had iia
Sued the Neapolitan army Wich the fear of death,
Unlike their opponenis Whose commander's word
Was unquestioned law to his followers, the Nea-
politan troops Were led by officers whose jenl-
ous.es, biutual recriminauions and accusations
of treachery ed the confidence of their
subordinates, Add to this the knowledge that
the Neapolitan soldjer stood alone, while his ad-
Versary enjoyed not only the good vill of the
but felt himself backed by
reval of all Daly and the sympa-
thies of Liberal Europe” Mary Garibaldl
the world by his audacious capture
of Palermo, shortly after, it} Was demons
s'rated by the conclusion of an armistice, in ac-
cordance With the terms of Which 15,000 Neapoli-
tan troops evacuated the capital, that the loss of
the woole island to the Crown of the Two Siciliee
Was henceforth inevitable, if not already an ac
complished fact.

his father had inspired

 

desir:

 

o~
=F,

ay
astonished

and

 

i,
It hecamea known in Naples on Aug. 19 that
Garibaldi had actually passed the fleets stationed

} in the Straits of Messina, and had successfully

   

 

lanited at Meito. The fall of Reggio and the
ensuing military promena through Calabria
struck terror into the souls of the reactionists,

 

while it intensi

 

ed the frenzied enthusiasm of the
Liberals, At the me time, it was evident
to the few counsellors of the Fourbon
ereign who were men of eoergy that Garibaldi's
prestige re

ROY.

sted exclusively on previous abnormal
achievements, and that a single defeat would da
stroy the popular belief in the hero's invincibility.
It was true thatthe “thouse:d” who had landed
at Marsala hed increased to fourteen times that
number, but these were badly armed, wretchedly
ma military point of view, un-

cavalry and «x mmissariat, and with no reserves
to fall In case of serious reverse,
Francis IL, on the other hand, had sti!l nominally
t! some forty-four thousand men,

back up

is disposal

| ethoientaruilery, and, sole was assured, abundant
; ammunition and

provender for man and beast,
besides the substantial sum of si millions of
As early, however, as

ducats in the treasury

| Septdthe King's Generals decided that noeffective

opposition to the entry of Garibaldi into Naples
could be made, and that the only efficient line of
defence lay between Capua and G aeta,to the north
of the capital. Only Gen. Carrascosa, when
consulted privately by his young sovereign,

disapproved of the abandonment of Naples. “If
your Majesty leaves your capital,” he muttered, ,
“vou will never return again.” On Sept. 7, Liborie
Romano, the Minister of the Interior and Police,
Wrote a letter in which he assured “the {me
vincible General Garibald!, Dictator of the Twe
Siciles,” that Naples with the greatest impatience
awaited his arrivaljin order to salute bim as the
redeemer of Italy. Leaving Salerno by train on

the morning of the same day, the conqueror, ac-

companied only by Gen. Cozenz and Dr, ertant,

withvut any escort or following, alighted at the
railway station in Naples at noon

Romanoanc a vastmultitude were there to ereet

him. i.ntering an carriage, the Dictator
and his friends

open
drove slowly through the densely
crowded streets, under forts still garrisoned by
the Bourbon troops, and passed the guard houses
of the Bavar the Palace of the
modestly to 0

fen mercenaries t
Foresteria, Garibaldi refused
cupy the Royal Palace recent!y vacated by Fran-
cis IL, declaring (iat its) ould remain untenant
until Victor Emmanuel’a arrival. “Among
this unparalleled
appropriation of the capital of a great kingdom
must be noted the orderly and unmolested evacuae
tion by the Royalist troops of the forts and gar-
risons, which followed Gartbaldi s advent Thelr
match through the streets of Naples, reeehoing
with joyful acclamations for Itallan unity and
Victor Emmanuel, on thetr way to join thetr
comraces to fight under the banner

ed

the astounding incidents of

f the iboure
verthrow the citizens were cele.

# parade rather than a retreat

bon King, whose

brating, resembled

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

ee —

(

—$——————
EE