|
|
|
|

 

  

THE CAUSE OF

MISS ANTHONY AND AN ANII-
WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE WuMAN,

Mr. Grady's Resolution and the Albany
“poctety Set’ Revolutionary Daughters
as Representatives of American Women
at the Paris Kxposition~Mr, Roberts
of Utah on the suffrage Question.

For o number of years, when 4 convention of
either men or Women has inet in Rochester, N. Y.,
{t has been the custom of Miss Susan bs, Anthony
end her sister to open their hospitable home one
evening for the reception of the delegates, no
mattsr what their color, religion or politica. This
was done as usual, not long ago, on the occasion
of a large meeting of women, ‘The house was
open from bottom to top, and most of the guests
were esnecially interested in the big “attic,” where
the biowranhy waa written and all the vast collec
tion of suffrae literature is placed, As they were
leaving one woman came up to Miss Anthony and
@sid: “My conscience will not allow me to go
@way without telling you that I am an officer
fn tho Anti-Suffrage Association.” “That is all
right, my dear,” said the great apostleof woman's
emancipation, patting her on the back in a mother
ly way. “Your organization is doing a splendid
work. I and my associates have been fighting

  

for (fty years to secure for women the right to |

@peak in public and go before the legislatures
with their various demands. You and the other
‘antis’ are taking advantage to the utmost of all
these privileges, showing that women really did
Wait them although they didn't know it
You are an excellent object lesson, When we

finally secure the franchise and the right to hold
Ofles you won'n wilstep immediately in and taxe
the full beneut of thatalso. You are helping the
Movemenutin your owu way, so don't worry.”

The truth of this was illustrated by that re-
markable resolution of Senator Grady's, declaring
that the Senate would not cousider any question
relating to woman suffrage this session. ‘his
action was taken at the request of (he Anti Suf
frage Association, who sent aletwer toevery mem
ber of the upper House, saying: “We are actively
engaged in opposiiug any attempt to alter the
Present status of women before the law, ui the
matter of the franchise. Should any hearing

be given to thase win desire such a change, we |

shall ask to be heard ia opposition

The suffragists supposed that the Grady resem
lution was adopted in order to spare the committee
the ordeal of having to listen to the “ants.” but
the telegraphic correspondent of the Rochester
Democrat and Chrovicle, who was on the ground,
says in explanation

The “Albany Social Set,”’ the Pruyns, “the Prunes

 

and Other Preserved Frvit, as the society wet of Al-
Dany is volwarly called by che Suu len rust’ and the
“frnye” of the Capt leity, backe the Bshop

 
  

of the Albany Episcopal diocese,
forma the tight wing of th * anti-armys
Now this ao a] set directly could not command
the assis ance of Seuator Grady He is not al-
lowed w so much aa walk under the awhiug
aprese for societ ‘s protection as it walks in pink
’
B

hop Doane

PP man. e mine lined wrips froin ite carriaves
at tia society eet) doe. tutay iti s solve.
times, alhougathisis boon sho wito

lu}
ttine it

    

   
  
   

lave strot hel is firect t) Tamman, Hell
The hou ary Pros is ite co ner w luk, Sho
fe Mrs. Fraucie Mo the w if Corp ration

 

Counsel Scott, @ Tamm iny brave
fionsandapul dois turoighdul
enutis souzhi to forestall the sutrag by shuitng
offeven acousideration of ther resolutions and Uils

So Mr. Grady, like the maiden lady who feared
ebe might get married, and migut have a baby,
and it might crawl into the oven and burn iv

Scots that the

 

 

 

death, ofered tds uneCoustitunooal resolutio),
Which Was adopted the moral effect of tials
fp noral aciion was to call tocth a protest from
may! *beWspaoers, to Stumulate the sutira
iia to greater activity, and to sting into in
1gaatiou such woinea as are broadminded and
Btrougminded euough to perceive the insuit;

but thes’, alas, are sullin the minority.

Past wee of clus willinttess, indeed, the eagerness
of women to step ib and carry off the honors which
they have notearned. Mr Depew, in the Senate |
of the United States, reported a joint resolution
from the Committee on International expositions, |
Quthorizing the President to appoiat @ memover |
|
|
i

 
 

of the Jaughters of the Revoluuon to represent
the Governinent at the Pans bspositton Here |
fs an organization which does not siand forwoman's
Tightto reorosent the G riument at bome; which
never has made the shightest move, or expressed
the faintest desire, that she should even represent
herscif in thisGosernaeut; and yet it clauns the
Right to have: on? of tts memvers represent the
whole United States at the great international
@xXposition

During our Werld’s Fair at Chi
thissame disposiuonont
had given the leas. ¢
which a few of th
tain public recy

 

 

   

 

    

sparta
tances to the |
had been ma
nforwomen °

 

 

   

 

 

   

{nto the posit ef honor and prefi ¥ the as- |
sistance of the influentiol men of their acquaint |
@nce, to the almost total exclusion of those who
Nad earned this right for them Phi will cone |
tinue to be the case. Gut distory will prove the as
Bertion that bo class of people ewer carned for
war! a movement so avsclutely without personal
or selfish amoition as those who have striven

during the past fifty years tu secure equality of |
Rights for women

Before

ex(cluded) Representative Roberts |

  

sses entirely from public consideration it may
be of some rest to nouce his stutude on te |
question of man suffrage in Uwab. Women ,
had voted in that ‘Vorriory for many veara unul

 

roitrarily disfrauchis by the hemiunds set
Vhen it was to oe vrought in asa State the frien s
of woman suffrage were Gevermined to bave this
Sncorrorated in tae Constituuen, Mr Rovers
opposed it inhis paper andon the platform. Asa
mem ver of the Consituuenal Convention he fought
this plank vilterly and persistently, and continued
to do so during the campaign fe pased bis op
sition ou the ground, to use his own language
hat “domestic peace would be more secure and, ;
at the same time, no substanual tobustice result |
to woman, if the ele franchise was withheld
from her.” He wished also “to see preserved
without spot or blemish or prospect of diminution,

 

 

 

  

that noolest and best ollice of man—The Pro
tector of Woman.”
When, 49 4 candidate for Congress, he ashed

for the voles of Women, who were now entran
chised, some of thein were disagres

able enough
to recall bis reeord on this

question In reply
he published an open lett r saying: “Since I
acco} do a nomination from a State where tie
Constitution confers equal suff eon men and

 

won.en, and would be expected to represent tat
Constituency in all respects. LT sball eonsider
myself bound to represer tthe interests and wishes
of the women of my State on the subject of suf
tage, should it arise in Congress ‘Lihat is
ne would vote ty extend toother Stutesa poasure
which “would make domestic peace less secure,
and abolish that noblest ofice of man, ‘The tro
tect or of Woman.”

itis the general opinion in Utah that Mr. Rob-
erts was not elected by the votes of Women. How
ever that may be, there can be no doubt that it
was women who were prinarily responsible for
his not being permitted to take his seat

 

Considerable comment has been made on the
Ingenious proposition of President Arthur T. |
dadley of Lale University to eradicate ‘trusts’ |
ry the secial ostracism of those connected with
them. “It is the only effective remedy for any
public evil,’ he says. We hardly can imagine
the protective tariff, the gold standard and the
retention of the ft) ilippine Islands, w) ich many |
intelligent people declare to be public evils, wiped |
out of existence by social ostracism. But if you
will confine Iresident Hadley’s statement
measures adven ! by women it will be found
to contain ao very large cegree of truth Social
ostracism is used Lere with deadly effect Women
in general are cowards in social natters. In
times past, their anbitions were wholly limited
f successes and triumphs in society, and the
vast majority have not vet found a wider field
Consequently every movement is gauged by the
social standing of those who take part in it, and
nore ever has been so ostracised ast) atfor woman
suffrage. ‘Tiere was nothing it in to appeal
t) women in fas) ionable life. Kelonging as they
did tu the protected class, who cid not need give
a@ thought to food, raiment or shelter, who never
found it necessary ty earn a dollar, who had
not) ing to de but enjoy life, and who felt none
of the inequalities of the law, It was perfectly
natural that they should feel an incifference to
the subject and a resentment against those who
Were trying t bring about a conditim which |
would impose upou women certain duties and |
Tesponisibilities '

In addition to this was the terrible prejudice
on the part of men beginning with the celery
who had most influence with women, and the
unsparir ridicule and denunciation poured
out o1 those who favored this new morement
In every community there were a few women |
of wealth and position who were clear sighted
and strong minded enough to recognize the vital
principle invelved, and sufficientiy courageous
and independent to array themselves on the side
of the ostracized. [t is not at all surprising,
however, that these were solitary exceptio is
and that the world of society. as a rule, not only
hold aloo! from the equal, rights organizations
but outlawed those who were connected with
them. The rapid evolution in the condition
of women has effected a marked change in this
respect. The prejudic® against suffrage for
woman has greatly abated, and “society” looks

   

 

We have had another idustration during oe

WOMAN.

At the time of the annual meeting of the Federation
of Labor in Detroit, Miss Anthony was summoned
and made a jong journey to address them, She
was received with the greatest enthusiasm and,
al the close of her remarks, this body, representing
4 million and a half of wage-earners, adopte

unanimously and with suena cheers a resolu
tion demanding o sixteenth amendment to the
Federal Constitution which shall enfranchise
women, A few days later, the National buildin

Trades Council, in session at Milwaukee, an

representing half a million members, adopted a
Similar tenaiwiion They were followed last week
by the National Convention of Bricklayers and
Stone Masons, represenung many
who met in Rochester, N They sent a dele
gation to invite Miss Anthony to speak before

them, adopted the above resotution, signed a ,

etition to Congress to this effect, and requested
er speech for publication in their national organ
A number of other bodies of organized labor have
taken the same action recently, and it looks as if

the time is near at band when women may safely |

intrust this question to the workingmen of the
country

The Methodist Church at Novi, Mich., appeared
tohave lost |ts grip, the attendance was dwindling,
they couldn't raise the minister's salary, and
things seemed to be out at the elbows generally
Finaily, at the pastor's request, all the offices
in the chureh and Sunday school were filled
with women, and the results have been marvel-
lous; all expenses are promptly met, many new
members have come in, and there is @ steady in
crease in the size of the congregation, The men
of the church accept the situation philosophically,
and one of them remarked that he “guessed it
was simply substituting electricity for the old
horse cars.”

Ata recent meeting of the Colorado Equal Suf-
frace Association, Mayor Johnson, of Denver,
made an eloquent address in which he expressed
his full approbation of woman suffrage, and his
belief that it would eventually regenerate the
country. What we need just now, however,
fs a large assortment of that kind of speeches
from the Mayors of cities where women do not al-
ready possess the ballot

IpAHUSTED HARPER.

WasHInaTton, D.C.

 

TUE REAL BARBIRA FRIETCHIE,
Ninety-six Years Old, Bedridden and Never
Detied Stonewall Ja keon.

To rne Eprroror Tak Sun—Sir: The “Bar-
bara Frietch'e” lie dies bard, It has been

| “nailed” time and again, but at {otervals of

every tive years or so “bobs up’ again serene
and cheerful, finds “patriotic” champions from
Brooklyn (generous asylum ever of exploded
war-myths!) to Waterbury, Conn, But aome
ofthe later champlons take the very eoul out of
the myth and the point out of the poem by
a lowing that the aged Barbara wave! her little
flag in welcome to the Union forces and not in
deflance of S.onewall Jackson and bia ragged
“Rebels.” Mr J.C, Houghton, tn your issue of
Jan. 24, saya: “Tam g'ad to see that you have
rescued Barbara Frietehioe from the realm of
myth, * * * * [have a photograph of her,
taken after her welcoming display of the

! United States fling tothe Unoon forces as they

good propor: |

' atreeta
) bara trietehiv’s house

| of the myth

| these

j orr » mblance of fact

who WaAs the niece and heir of sits

with some favor upon its advocates and even;

ecoatributes to the number

All this will have a tendency
the movement among women, which is much
to be desired, as their indi ferenc* aid hostility
hav? formed a greater obstacle ty its suce
all elsa co nbiied
fying to its advocates, it iy not to this element
that they must loo. for final vie ory. The battle
never will be wou until it 18 fought to a finish
by those who are known as the working class
of this country. It 1s this so-called labor vote
which forms the balance of power on all questions
submitted to the popular ballot Although the
wonen of this class would be benefited ahove
all others by the possession of the franchise,
the mean never have taken hold of the matter
They rea'ive to the fullest extent what itis worth
to th:mselves and yet they make oo effort

 

to secure it for their women.
Several events within the past few months
| indicate that they are awokening to the situation,

s

\
to popularize |

8s than |
But while this is very grati- |

were passing through Frederick City, ling

Mr. Whittier took a poet's license in making
her defy with her flag the rebel Generalin a
previous mareh through Frederick.” This

being granted, the whole raison d'etre of the |

poem woes by the boar |,

No one, so faras I know, hae ever contented
that Sarhara Frietch + never existed, She un-
doubte tly dit exis’ and was the wife of a citi-
veno Vrederick, who was said to be descended
trom ove of the Hessians brought over to sub-
dus the American colonists!

Itis ape tiv well-known fact that Stone.
wal! Jackson did not pass through Frederiek
along with his corps, but rode ranitly through
the town witha small cavalry eacort aboutan
hour before bes troops marched through the
Neither he nor bis troops passed Bir
There is notonesinale
Whittier’s poem that has an histor
Tt is pure poetic my h from

 

ineident i
fea! foundation,
start te finish

Perhaps the following letter from Barhara
Friotehie’s own nephew, wh chapp ared in the
Baltimore Sun in August, 1874, may interest
your readers ani give the doughty champions
pause for reflection, It will be
seen that twenty-five vears ago the hottom was
knocked ont ofthe “patriotic episode” by one
whoeould “spen with authority.”

Sin:—I bave {: et read a commun! ation ‘mg The
Sun purporting to set forth certa @ facts in relation
to the life and ¢ aracter of the ‘nte Barbara Friet-
che, the heroine of Wh ttier's4 ce erated war poem.
It my not be impropert state that lamthen pew
of Dame Barbora’ and had the # t ling up of her
bu band « estate im the Capacity of administrator
Tuis necesaar ly threw me into frequent communi-
catian with }@ ancien’ and venerable dame

Barbora Friet ble. my venerable aunt, was not @
lady of twenty-two summers, as your © rrespordent
alleges, Dut an ancicnt dameof ninety-6.x 18 ere
when che departed this life and itis but truth to
add th t she never saw the inside of the Federal
hosp-tal in this city. Nordid ehe depart this tifein

| Beptember, 1549, but died on Dec. 18, 182, Nor did

any of the Federal scidiers from the hospital attend
the old lady's :emeine to their la t resting piace.
This, to my certain knowledge, war®@ ‘act, no orlere
to that effecthovnelern aien. Therefore none of
pn ales ine invalid soldiers were at my od
auni's funeral) So much for this branch of your
New York correspondent'« stat: ment,

Now, a wo dasto the wavingof the Federal flagin
the fuce of the rebele by Dare Barbara on the orva-
sion of Stonewall Jackson's march through Fred-
erick. Troth requires ime to say that Stonewall
Juckson with he troops did not pass Ba:bara
Frietchie’s rea:d neeat all; but passed up what in
this city ia popularly called ‘'The Mill Alley,” about
three hundred yards aboveher residence then passed

| due west to Ant etam, andthnusoutof thecity But

another and strancer fact with reward to this mater
may be here presented, viz; The poem by Whittier
reprosenta cur veneranle relative then ninety-siz
years of ave as nimbly ase nding to her attic win-
dow and waving her small Pederal flag defiantly in
the face of Stonewall Jackeon'# troope
are the fact<at this point? Dame Barbara was, at

' the moment of the passing of that dietinuut hed

General and his forces th ough Frederick
and helpless. a d bad lost the power o omoti a
She oud at ths period only move, a# she waa
snoved, by the help of Ler attendints. These are
the true and stern fics, proving that Whi.tier’s
poem tipou this subjectia fiction, pure fiction, and
nothing else, withouteven the remotest semblance
Vacenive Enenr,

, bedridden

  

Frepericn Ciry, Mp., Aug. 27

So the deed of “derring do’ that challenges a
place for Barbara Frietchie alongside of Roman
Cloeliaor Scottish Kathérine Douwias vanishes
into thin air. The utmost that can tea con.
tended for ia that she inay have waved a Union
flue to welcome Union troops. Even this te
high y improlave—well-nigh impossibl., in-
deed, fora poorod bedriddendame o! ninety-
sin; but gronting it be true, wherein consists
the extraordinary herolam of the act?) As tha
myth isan exceed nwly tough one to kill, be-
couse ofits stirring setting, ¢ might be weil
for the curious,” interested in such matters,
tocut our Mr. Ev ert's letter and paste it in
their scrap-books
up” again We can ai) admire Whittier's
poem: it isalmoat a pity thatthe in id nt isn't
true, but facts are facts, and Dame Har-
bara, as an actual heroine, Must come down

  

from the lo ty pedestal upon which the poet |

has placed by power of
license.” z W. Goxwvon McCabe,
Rrcumonp, Va.. Jan. 27.

her solely

BARBARA FAI ICHIE’S

The Old Lady's Niece says She Has It, and
Not Reno's Son.

To THe Epiror or Tie
article copfed from your paper has recently been
gent me by a friend

Lhe arucle states that a son of the late Gen
Reno is uuder the impression that he possesses
the flag which occasioned the writing of Mr
Whittier s poem, “barvara Frietchie.”

Not knowing the address of Mr. Reno I take

this means (although an unpleasant one for me)
of inturmipg him that he is igerror

the hag owned and waved oy Barbara Frietchle
is ao silk one, And is NOW 1D MY possession, having
become my property at the death of my ni ther,
brietchie

i stood vy the side of Aunt barcara while the
troops passed her house, and whiie many of the
aoldiers shook hands with her, asking ber name
end age, she did not present @ fiag to any one
that day, but the following morning, Sept. 14
as she stood at her door or window, Gen
dismounted, and after taking ber by the hand
and asking her age, asked lo v8 permit
her house and have @ short conversation with her
as ee was the oldest person he liad ever met hie
was invited in, and oy her was banded a glass
of her home made currant wine ‘Lhen he asked
permission to bring in and introduce his son or
younger brother (we do not remember which)

During his call Gen, Keno expressed a great
desire to buy her flag, which she could not grant
but gave him a cotton flag which she had at hand
1 have always thought ita smaller flagthan the
one his son ceseribes, but] may be inerror, When,
later in the day, intelligence reached our town
of the death of Gen. Keno no one mourned it
more thas Aunt Karbara, and from that time
until her death, three montis later, she frequently
expressed deepest sympathy

There seems to no end to the discussions
concerning Barbara Frietchie. Artides amus
ing and disgusting have been written, some con-
talning grains of truth, others entirely the prod-
uet of the writer’a imagination. We Lave care
fully avoided replying to any, but in this case
deem it necessary to correct the error, and there-
fore repeat the statement that the silk fag waved
by Barbara Frietchie which occasioned the wriling
at the noem is now in my possession, Very re-
spectinily, Mus. Joun H. ABBOTT,

Faepewos, Md., Jan. 31,

FLAG,

   

 

thousands, |

Now, what ,

The myth is sure to “bob |

“powtia |

SUN-~—Str: An |

Reno |

ted toenter |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 4. 1900.

SS Se

 

POEMS WORTH

The Boy With the Book.
(Written after sreina an Office Boy at his desk.)

Oblivious to all earthly cares, he reade,
His brow contracted and hie hair evry,
Hie eyes glued to a soiled and well-thumbed page
Hie diity collar slipping through bis tio,
Who daubed his Angers with that yellow etain
And closed his jawe upon that wad of gum ?
Whose was the hand that glued him to that chair
And sealed his ears and made him deafand dumb?

READING.

 

Ia thia the boy who guards the office door
And answers messages upon the ran—
| Who bars the entrance of the beggar vile
| And «cares away the man who comes to dnn?
Ta this the lad who one short week azo,
Seemed so demure and anxious for a “job"—
Who offered testimonials by the score,
Whose being seemed with love for work tw throb?

What cares he for the sol ting of the clerks,

The januling bell, the summons, loud and cross?
Te he the boy whom fiction oft deacribes,

Who works his way from Uffice Bor to Boss?
Whence sprung that tangled growth upon his head?
| Whence came those streaks of dirt upon his
| palms?

Whence came this Sizht, o’er which the angele weep
And utter anyth ng but pratseful psalme?

Before him, over which the passer trip:?
Whose hand besmeared his boots with elimy mad
And spread molasses taffy o'er his lips?
How different he, from the Ideal Child
Of whom J. Abbott wrote, the manly boy
Who toiled from 6A, M. to 10 P, M,
And counted labor an exquisite joy!

| Where did he get those Feet s0 proudly sprawled

Who'll dire stir up this hal‘-recumbent youth
Hen ling, preoccupied, above his hook?

Who'll bear! this little lion in hie den
And stand unmoved before his awful look

When, goaded to «low madness by some man
Who rashly asks, “Ia your Employer in?’

He deigns to raise hia eyes from ‘Desperate Diok
The Demon Terror, and His Deeds of sin"?

What inan ao stout of heart, firm, unabashed,
Aa to remain serene, calm and vnawel

When, inreply, this Awful Youth snarls forth
“What's that? He Alu'tIn! What's Yer Name?’'--

Oh, Lord!
Enyest ATKINSON,

From the Youth's Comnanion,
Though frahion plates were quite unknows
Wan ever beauty like arraved?

1) has never flown
From dainty 1 and rich brocade
The dames, the me ds, the gowns they

Wore taste and yvrace and beauty blent,
Ana hearts were warm unto the core,
When James Monroe was President

Enchant nentas

 

    

The beans, rave ventlemen, forsnoth,
Wore wics combed up in powdered puff,
And no one binshed t) take, in truth,
Fron, silver box a pinch of snuff
Sweet Court: ev held high command,
And men were peers to all intent,
The mark of rank an honest hand,
When James Monroe was President.

And tallow monide! round a wick

When burning seemed a4 diamonde bright,
They  searce have traded candlestick

For twinkling incandescent light,
Thed mos, the maids and gallants all,

Who lony have slept ‘neatn earthly tent,
The «ame whee presenc graced the ball
When Ja.ues Mnroe was President,

Ab, long the rears that intervene,
Yet launch. ye scoff rs. as ye may,

Still Purity’s a know! dyed queen,
An! Courtesy ia king to-day

Hearts beat as warm to-day as then,
And vhar.tv’a@: kindly meant

As ‘twas'mon: thove God's no lemen,
When James Monroe was Pres.deut.

Kor Faras.y Garewn

 

The Curlew Moantains.

Translated from the Irisd by Dr. Deaglaee Hyde
Ap Chraolobing Aolbhian,
From the Gael.
The Curlew Mountains are fine in winter
They are uot embedded tn ie or snow;
The cuckoo calle f.0m the vreeawood's centre,
{| The thrush aud the corpcrake s.ng below

| The bounds are bunt ng, the rocke resounding,
they follow the f.wn that ties before;
The torrent comes down from the mountain bound:

De,
Salmon are leaping beside the shore.

I think of my mounta n late and early,
Where blosome are golden and glad and gay;
Where the wheat springe bigh and the y
barley
And binis are piping on every spray

|

|

| The ti sof the rushes ave heavy with honey,

| Theres but erand cr am from the «ilken kine;
No Northern snow on ite loves eo sunny
'

  

Will trouble its comeus or its varbors fue,

Where the bee has his home ard is wisely working,
And women eat Loney from day to day,

But deep in m) bosom a care je jurking,
The love of my heart is far away.

Your ‘air, thin f-rehesd, the wide world’s wonder,
Your trevaes that bangin a golden sheaf,

Have torn the strings of roy heart asanuer,
And covered my head with acloud of grief,

  

Iam asa rman that (seven dying
For Jack of the ewe! lis e:es would seq
Ob, will youn ot visit me woere Lam l-ipu,
And take God's bles#iug and comfort me?

 

The Shopvers.

Prom the Baliimore Amervean,

How comethe shoppers
Doea Lexington stieet?
The plain and the | retty,
The fatus aud pet te,
With baske sand cundles
And pocwanes @ vall—
Roiwe of them, alan,
With noth. ne atail
The wrek and the proud
In one rushing «road
Come alking ant talking
Avid chating aud laughing
And scowling and growiing
And slipping and tr.) png
Aud je king and sm rhing
| And woug na and scro _ing
Thus onwa d chey're fling,
| Now rowning, now @iniing;
!

 

Now an ridy toss.ne
Their Leads at the crossing,

Now yreeting a friend,
With accente mi at sweet,

They talk withoutend
And blockade tho street,

Then on in the ewiri

Ge mation and girl

With bocey and skurry

A diturry and worry,

Now as ing the tiue,

| Now:p ndinga (d.me,

Now aug tiv gi.ring
At some one whose rush

Has catised a swiit tearing
Of seirte fu tue crus

Now stumbling and grumbling,
Nowy ishiow and boushing
Now jumoling and mum ling,
Now wuecing aud bush ug,
Dow glowinw and ol win
Of burg ins that pleased,
Now win jugand m ning
On fe t (hat are ej useced,
Now they wouder
Ai tue Ulunder
Uf some foolish
Man, who, m lish,
Wants t) rush
‘Through the crush,

Now looking at la ea,
Oro @ rior faces,
Or fancy shoes,
Or patent glues,
At idles,
And .riddles,
Avhas
And mats,
And dr - sea,
False tresses,
Aid shoes a dallppers,
Wieensware abl dippers,
To quietly sa), when turning away,
“Well, really, Lam ,ust louking to dey.”
| Then on they are gon,
Wita faces now wan,
Re ist ug and twisting,
Ant buts, iow and jumping,
And tri. ping aud el.pping.
Aud traw pling aud hurting,
And—abiep riv—tirt ng
And trying and bu ing and sighing and guying,
And boassing and 'o sing and crossing and saucing,
Retreating aud i.¢@ ing and wreeting aud treating,
Aod whirling @oc teiriiug ant eurling and purring,
And .asoipw and clashiog and dasu.nzand mashing
Andchatre tug and Mattering and spattering,
And ft utiering anil muttering and stuttering,
Till at last they com » | nyly out of the enurls
And find themselves safely once more upon Ciarles.
Josa Wing,

  

 

 

 

 

The Journey.

From the Washing‘on Evening Star.

You's gotter hab some trouble in dis rough ol world
ob ours

You's otter fight de bumbly bee, sometimes, to
pick de towers,

You's gwinter tin’ a heap o' roughness in de rocky
road

Befo' you gits wha' you kin res’ an’ lay aside de
lad

   
 

t be bumblean’ don't grumble,
se you aO.vetimes slip and stumble,
An’ seems to drap bebin' de res’ ob all de hastlin’
throng.
Don’ stop au’ staht awhinin’
Au’ a-whimperin’ an’ a-pinin’ .
Put pick yoh feet up, honey, an’ go travellin
along

You may hab feareo’ troubles dat'll hit you hahd
some cay
But dar's wuseer boun’ to ketch you ef you halts
along de way.
Tous gotter keep a movin’. Some ts fas’ an’ some is
slow,
But ali dat’s looked foh from yon is to do de bes’
you know,
80 don’t you wait an’ worry
Ef you falls down in yoh burry,
Jes’ “pull yohse’f together as you bums a little

 

tony.

Rae

n’ de holierin’ an’ de la ° ‘
But pick yob feet up houey, and go travellinzeleng.

——————

 

|

|

|
|

]
‘

 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

 

Emerson in hie essay on history evidently intended
to refer to Marmaduke S$ e# »son, who, wi.b William
Robinson, . as hanged on Boston Common in isa

lof persistence in remaining in the culony after
nishioentand qeeeries contrary to the Massa:
chusetts colonial law to suppress Quakeriany. ey

This ie quite possible, as Emerson was notoriously
careless in lis facts and in bis use of thom. Robin-
son and Stevenson were hanged on Oct. 27, 1450,

Will you kindly answer the foliowing questions
regarding the rebellion in Ireland duriag L7ye: 1,
What became of the property confiscated by En sland
duriug this upria na? Was any of it ever res ored to
ite owners or their heirs, if eo under what condi-
tions? Has a of it been restored lately? To wiom
should appl.cation be mad: for official information
aa to the satent and value of the aatates confie ated
at that time? What books give informat on regard-
ing the restoration or disposal of thie property!

There were no confiscations, No books either de-
acribe the ‘‘conflecationa” orthe restoration of con-
fiscated property, forthe reason given in our first
answer.

Who is Bradatreeteand what (es their business? Can
ther compel me to give them information avout my

business oris {t to my interest to furnish them with
part culare? B. G., Brooklya,

Bradstreets ts the name of one of the prinvipal
credit-rating agencies of this country. Their busl-
ness is to investivate and report oa a man's or firm's
financial character; and this informativn they give
confident ally to their subscribers, If you are liLely
to need oredit, it is for your advantages to give them
the information they want. They cannot compel
you to give tt.

It hés been stated that the reason for Mr. J. J.
HY) 's opposition to the Siipping Subsidy ill artves

fem the tact that be has four sitps!uildin: in
Sevtland, Do you know wiether this i: a fact? RS,

We do not know whether Mr, Hill has any vessels
building abroad, Fore gn-built veasels owned by
Americans ere cared for by th Lill; ao If he has four
veasels builiiing abroad, Mr. Hill would have only
the more reason for supporting the bil),

 

 

 

 

 

Many years ago a daughter ofthe poet John Gnd-
frey Sexe wave wes “conundrum prop sunded by
berfater whib The e never | anvenrd to ree in
any collect on of the rhymes of M.. Sare. Can you
tell 1. @ whether it haa ever been printed?

“Can youtclbae why ahypocrite’aeye, can better
deacry, than vou can,erT, upon bow many toesa
pusayecat coed’

“Ahspoorie peat can beet counterfeit; and ro,
Suppose, cas es counter wen’ Db, H. B.

It must hare ben in print. We heard it, ine

slightly diderent form, some thirty years ago.

1, Pid a Cerdinalof the Roman Catholic Church
ever lave lis eecl @ aatical residence in New York?
2 When a Cordinel bewasit the enetom to suspend
lus uatover the hich altarofhiscburch? 3 1 here
sucha hatoverthe allarof St. Patrick's C.thed a?
4. [saucy ati. possible as &se Vice, Maas or Ve
persin the Catholic Church in any other Janz ace
than Latin’ F M.L.

1, Yes, John, Cardinal McCloskey, lived in thie

city from 1375 notil hie desth, O-t= 10, 1885, 2,
No. to hang tt over his tomb, 8. No, @. No. The
service is in Latin, the sermon may be in any de-
sired tongue

Can yon tell me what became of the ship Helen W,
Almy’ My brother waaapassenveronber. JR

The Almy was wrecked in March, 148,

1. Iaachild born of American parents during o
vietto Fogland a British eubject or an Amer can?
2, Cop an allen give a good tile to real estate ip the
United States? W.LW.

1. Legally, he may take his cholce when he ba-
comes of age--may do something that ehows he re-
garde bhimeelfasaBritish subject; or do nothing,
and show thithe regards himeelf as an American,
2. It depends upon the State laws.

If a person boards a train having two tickets, alta
down and places a parcel besid: Lim. cannot he hola
peat for parcel having bonght tickets for both him-
self and parcel? Ss. H. Counten.

We think so.

1. In what century did the Spanish overrnn the
southern part of Ireland, and how far north is it
known they reached’ ¥. Ie it vot claimed that the
dark skinoed Irish are partly of Span.sh a yn?

. A. S.

1, The invasion of the Spaniards ie not bistorical
Milesus, whencethe name Milesians, is sail tradi:
tionally to have beena Spaniard; but he was prehis-

 

toric, 2. Yes; but the claim is pot based on good
grounds, Most Celte are dark ekinned and have
dark Lair.

 

Who was Judge and clerk of the Supreme Conrt in
the year Inv? FO. A,
The Chief Juatice of the Supreme Courtof the
Tn ted Btates in 1801 was Melville W. Fuller; the
clerk waa J. H. McKenney.

1, Underthe present Army Reorganization law, how
manr menvconstitate, in the Kewnlar arm:, (a) @
company of iniantry, (b>) a troop of cavalry, (ca
\atery of ariery’ 2. How many
tropa or batteries, constitute a
Lran hofthe service? 8. Are the present infantry
youunteer regimen’s, enlisted jor service in the
Philippines, or ani ed on the same base revariin’
numbers, as rowimentactthe Regulararmy? H WoO

1, (a) 148 rank and file; (ob) 110 rank and file;
l24rankant fle, 2. Twelve companies and troops,
fourteen batteries. 38. You,

  

com panies
reciment D each

 

1. Who are the anthors of the following
fearfully and won’ ully mad.” and, 2. "1
would rather berg) O@thanle President?’ FEO

1. It is ascribed to ning David; you will ind the
expression in Psalm caxxiz., 16. 2. Homry Clay.

What did Gen Grant do with the honae in Wash-
inet no, D.C, that wae given to him by his frien le?
How did he dispo-e of it when hechanged hisr ai-
dence w New Yoru? Ww.

He sold it after he left Washington.

 

Can you give me the name of a firm that !n Hart-
ford, Conn,, in 186%. orabout that time, puolished @
boom entitled "The Life of Nathan Hale, the Ma tyr
Spy of the Revolution’? H. A. H.

 

Can you placethese lines for me:

“Yet notin vain that «tern control,
Not wholly vain the strife:
Th statue of the perfectsoul
la tinished w aknifs
Thetr-e of knowl ive springs and grows
Beat nthe heart most ploughed by woes,
Andin the Book of Life
No char ctordis# inct appears
Unless the page be wet with tears,”

  

Vax 9,

Twe Reoders.—The war in South Africa la over the
qnest on, Shall the Boers govern their country as

they want to govern it, orshall alien residenta who |

do not want to b come citizens govern it? The acute:

to the facta tha (he Transvaal sa very rich mining
county, end that the alien restdenta are more
numerouan than the Transvaclers themevives,

Wiliam Wella. —The Hague street fre occurred on
Feb. 4, 1850, just ifty years ago to-day

W. F.S—Deemster, the title of an official of the
Manz Government, !s pr nounced as spelled; also as
dempater, @ din other ways

 

T. Foster.—The English vocabulary fe said to con-
tain 250.000 words. including modern acie ¢ fo
terins, and all compounds; there are about 3.00
compounds of “unm in the Standard Dictionary,
which go for woris. We donot know how large the
Bparish vocabulary ta; ecient fi: words have not
padded iteo moh as the English wovabulary.

G. FP D.—Enlated men of the Army are eligible to
commirsious, Wheneverthere are vacanoies, and if
they can pase the eran.inations,

Sun Reo der.—The New York Hotel on Broadway,
between Washington place aud Waverley place, was
brick building; it may bave had e etone facing on
the ground tloor,

Read rs.—Yucatan ie one of the Btates of the Re-
public of Mexico

Penton, —Jaa, 10, 1007, will come on Thursday.

B. R,—Richard Olney ie practising law in Boston.

A. A.—Dr, Kennedy, the convicted murderer of
Dolly Reynold:, ia +til in prison, awaiting the
decisionof the Court of Appeals.

FL. ¥.—No British colony pays tribute or taxes
to Great Briain in any form. The colonies are of
value to heras markets and as outlets for her popu-
lation, They treat Britieh goods as @ rule just as
they treat goods from otuer countries,

 

Preetninker.—Col, Inge soll's family agreed wholly
with him in his views on religion,

Edward Voo'e.—April Fool's Day is the octave of, or
eighth day a ter, March 25, the old New Year's Day;
it was the lat day of the new year festivitios, when
much lice. se was allowed. The tricks and praoiical
Jokes of the day are said to have ther origin in the
way Christ wae sent from the high priest tothe pro-
curator and back again. befo e His crucifixion, but
as the Hindus have similar customs at their fest.val
of March 41 (Huli), the proposed origin is almost cer-
tainly incorrect,

J, B.-The “endless chain" concerns, that sell
articles by thie system, have been held by the Post
Office Department to be fraudulent; no decision
supporting the Department has been made, oo far as
we know.

John Kila, J. G. Brown, the artist, isof English
birth, but bas lived in this country since he was 2)
years old, He became a member of the National
Academy in 18468.

D. J. M'C.—& tank 6 feet in diameter and 12 feet
deep will contain 3,006 gallons, epproximetely.

"

_———————

Rew Publications,

 

music size, of the

 

instrumental selec- 1,100)
tions for the piano. pages |

300

ing:
VICTOR HERBERT,
REGINALD DE KOVEN,
GERRITT SMITH,

FANNY MORRIS SMITH,

promptly at

Less than one-tenth

published.”—The Keynote.
and comprehensiveness,.’’—The Pianist.

romantic piano music.

selections by American musicians,

should possess this Musical Library.

me.
social failure.

IT WILL COST
YOU NOTHING
payments as stipulated below.

LOW PRICE

leather binding.

FREE

Gentlemen:
Music’ in holfeleather, If s
month therertier for 20 montha;
erpense within 16 days,

Signed ——

In ordering cloth, change 20
coupon if this paper is Mentioned

   
   

SIMS REEVES ON BREITHING,

Octogenartan Tenor Tells How It Should Be
Done and What to Avoid,
From the Lin on Ider,

Breathing {s an exercise in itse'f. Singers

    

20 Editors and Special Contributors, inciud-

HELEN KENDRICK JOHNSON,

This valuable permanent collection of musical
masterpieces can be obtained by those who act

the cost in sheet form.

“The most complete and valuable Musical Library ever

“Nothing so fine and well worth having in one’s
home.” —Margaret E. Sangster, Editor Harper’s Bazar.

“It is a publication we can recommend, There ts
something that will interest all.’—The Etude.

“A vocal and instrumental library of rare excellence

FREE FOR |

EVERY HOME IN WHICH THERE I

TEN YEARS’ MEMBERSHIP IN STANDARD MUSICAL ASSO-
CIATION, with certificate and catalogue, will be given to each
purchaser without charge.
purchase sheet music, instruments, ete, of all kinds at wholesale prices,
insuring @ discount of from 5O per cent. to 90 per cent,

8 a

mopths to 17 months

should not purposely study the anatomical cons |

ditionsofthe throat and lungs; it is with the
emotional, not the anatomica’ side of his art
that the singer hastodo, Forthe practical pur-
pose of singing, a knowledge of the muse es of

the throat is as useless as a knowledge of the |

muscles of the arm is for the playing of cricket,
Cases are not in‘requent where these anatomt-
cal studies have a tendency to setup a sort of
nervous dread in the
ix not being done the correct way. Incorrect
breathing is an acquired babit, infuced some.
tines by an elaborate means taken to avold it,

Afewsimple hints are all that are neces ary;
the rest of what is called the art of breathing is

\ very much a matter of instinet,
nese of the diseUs-ion previvusto the war was due |

| Breath muat

Avoid breathing through the mouth; when-
ever possibve inhale through the nostrils. This
nliows the nose to purify and warm the air be-
fore reaching the throat, which neets tote
warm io oreer for the production of good tone,
Jt is frequently remarked that such unl such
an artist's voce mproved lJater In the evens
ing’: which means that the singer's throat be
eame wirmed as the eonece t or opera pro-

ceeded, and not that the voice improved,
though the tous may have done so, breathing
conussantly through the mouth inelines to dry

the throatand make the vowwe husky. But it
is impossibie to sing declamatory muse with
out breathing through the moutheit Is even
necessary tor effect, that the breathing shoud
a' times be autible; and ins long. Handelian
passages, and Mors! musecof tha’ deserip ton,
wha: are called half-brearhs through the mouth
arenllowed; otherwi-e the sinwer coud not in-
hale breath and keen in str et time
Nev r heave up the shoulders
taking breath; there should be po
movement of the totyat al Nevertake in
breath of a sudden when only practising; al-
though the singing of certain pas-ages ob iges
the perf r to do so, The mis shouldsx-
pand sideways ino the taking of breath--the
chest rising and fa ling witheach phrase. False
breathing-such as whe: a lady's shouldere
rise as ifthey were about to expen! like wings
—noteniy tirea the throat, but makes a
Avreea Je impress onon the audienea, Singers
should once a cay practi-e before a looking-
wings, in order to correct any aults arising
from «defective breathing or from. grimace
never be taken between ahead

ntheanet of
erceptible

 

lis

 

i noteandachest note; the trans'tion from the

one voice to the other must be done with very
little breath aud very softly

Nasal sinwing destrova the carrying power of
the voice, Voces wheb are metailie in sound
carry bes! SOLers Whose volces are na uray
foltin quality should there ore try to aequire

a little satridency in tone; ant, vice versa,

! pingera Whose voices are too strident should

aim ata rounder andsolter quatity. In some
hatis the reverberation blura the tone of the
voice, therefore the singer must accommo tate
the amount of ‘one ‘o the
of the piace where he is ving. In a warm,
oppr ssive room, itis necessary to reserve the

 
  

| rowerof the voice, because foreing the voice
‘under such efroumsrances allows it to become

easily tatiwued and used uy. The best way
of combating an echo in a hall is, never to
sour, Itappears easy to sing inaha! full of
vibration, but this is a ceeeption. The tone
goes all round the singer's ears, and heeann:t
hear properly when he sinus aoud, and so he
loses er ntro! of the tone: it ia there ore ade

coustic properties |

visalletosing Pianoan! feel the wav. as the |

quister tone trave s better and the percussion
isnt a0 greatasinatoul, shouting tone,
Increase and decrease of tone are produced
by the breath alone, A man in # raging pas-
sion Will awell the museles of the throat ond
crowredinthe aee in attempting to give ut
terance to his anger: bur he is, indee dl, os the
phrase goes, “ehok ng himaell with rage,” bes
cause he is trying to get a terrifle volume of
yoice by Physical pressure on the throu, and
the more he swella hia vena an) muscles the
less able is heto speak at all, Stingers, (ere
fore, should not attempt to wet acreseemito by
pressing the muse'es of the throat. Command

| of breath is the only method.

 

|

His Insatiable Craving.

From London Tit- Bits
Professional—Please gimme ai xpence, alr, to
buy some bread?) = Mugyvins—Why, | gave you
sisreave hot half an hour ago.

but L—1'm a terribie bread- eater,

      
 

: Hew Bublications.

OO ty

Anne cuit

EVERY PIANIST, EVERY SINGER

Wit be glad of the opportunity to secure, in a superb, uniform ed'tion, the most
celebrated and most melodious vocal and instrumental compositions that have
ever been written. Such an opportunity is now afforded in the magnificent new and
enlarged edition, in eight volumes, which contains over 2,200 pages, nearly sheet

Library of the World’s Best Music

songs for

Over 2,290 Pages {350

    
    

5D

Y

This Complete Musical Library for the Home in 8 Volumes, 4 Vocal and 4 Instrumental, Containing | Dibdin

INSTRUMENTAL SELECTIONS by the greatest composers; melodious, not too dittcult, and
popular and operatic melodies, dances, funeral marches, nocturnes,
THE BEST OLD AND NEW SONGS, duets, trios, quarteties and choruses upon every subject.

adagios, military

Four hundred portraits and illustrations, over 500 biographies of musicians, and more thant
The work is planned for cultured homes and s)

yMmot i
MpPatact

When fr sare invited or drop in

ite pieces of the ply

And thus an evening passes delightfully which, without such a collection, might have been a musical if not a

A SPECIAL OFFER TO READERS OF THIS PAPER.

to get this Treasury of Music, Art and Biography into your home. Use the volumes for 15
days, It they are not satisfactory, return them at our expense. If you are fully satisfied, make

MARVELOUSLY The Library of the World’s Best Music consists of two sets of subscription books, bound }
together in a new, uniform edition,

--  -

Membership entitles holder to

 

THE UNIVERSITY SOCIETY, 78 FirtH Ave., NEw YORK,

Please send me on approval prenaid a set of the * World's Best
Gsfactory, Layree to pay $1 within t

days and $1 per

wf not satisfactory, J agree to return them at your

Dot necessary to return

POLIIICI(L NUTES,

The Tlinois Republican State Committee bas
cha vged the date of the State convent on from April
10to May § in comsequence of Judg: Carter's de.
cision thatthe primaries for spring and fall elec-
tions cannot be consolica ed.

 

 

Warren C. Bennett, ex Assemblyman and @ well-
known figure in Fizhth ward politics, bes filed a
claim apainst the city for pay aa clerk {n the Fire
D partment, beginn ug July 15,1405, for $6,283.26,
He was discharged and afterward reinstated

Tnited States Senator Vest, who has been tn poor
heslth tor eome tine, is understood to have said

| that upon the comp!etion of his term s
singerthat the breathing | pr ipietion o n in the Senate

he willretire from Congress, His term will expire
in ty0%, when he will have represented Missouri
twenty-four years, Hetook his scar first on March
He is @ Kentuckian by birth and {so
face,

Is, Ini
yrars «

 

Bernard F. Martin is a candidate for a third term
as State Bonator tn the Thirteenth district, from
which he was electedin 18¥5 and again in lsus,

The Nebraska Populis's have agreed with the
Demovrate and the Silver Repnbiicane npen @ con-
vention to be held at Lincoln on March 18 for the
selection of dol gutes ty the National Convention to
namo a cand. date for President,

The elty of Chicavo has now tn operation 8,400 aro
lights @up; lied from its own electric | lant, and $55
a year ia the estimated cost of ther maintenance,
One of he disadvantages of municipal ownership
ef public works in Chicsgoisthe number of the
streets not Lebted

Thera are only ten voting plices in Hamilton
county, N. ¥., the area of which is 1,700 aqua e
niles more than that of any other county of the
State w th the e.ngle exception of st, Lawrence,

The Democrats of the
avel by thelr ea

‘ity of Cincinnati, encour
cess Dn IS¥7 and Ixus, bave putin
aclaimn for ther cognit tuereity as offering a
deairable place for Lolding the Deniwocratic Nat opal
Convention of 1000, Theteraof we pr seat D

ocrade Mavordoesnmotexolreunt) Inly o xt avcat

mot

 

last years @.ection the Dom oeratscarrie } thevity by
a rity so larze as to potthem sm eoutrelofo her
branches of tue wunicipal government A Comwmt

tee igsengauged in rai
Democratic Convention iat mee in (hat city, wach
is jus: across the Keutucky bor ter ine

we suarin ee fund fo the

Uptown revtdents of Manhattan and downtown ree
ideuts of The brona bo
ested tu the resolution «Mored in Congress f
improvement of Hariem Kills by the construction of
acanal 800 teet wide and 15 feet der p to coniect
with lower Harlow River, the cost not to ereret
$1,644,400,

  

ud wilh be equally

The terms of two Supreme Conrt Justices expir
on Dec, 41, 1¥01, coincidently wot
prevent Mayor. Tey arethoae .f J

rgpally elected in 87
of Justice Morgan J
time ip 18-7,
deret ot

the terms of the
ist ce Lawrence,
Sand reclecte. | in INST, and
O'Brien, elected for the tirst
Justice O'Brea, it is generally u
® nota candidate tor reelect d
tice Lawrence has now twenty-six years
to hiseredit

nand Jus
of gervice
Foraniniber of years Jobn Moonan has had th

pire for eupo

  

Ing the Fire Departmest with

hay, st 6, cate aud bran in the county of \ew York
and at the recens bidding for the contract for
ivou the three bids were as follows Mioouan,

$11,592; Horace Imzersoll, $11,532; Rei sbardt &
Co, $11,683,20, The proposala of Mr. Moonan and
Mr. inger@o'l were the same, but the Fire Commis

ner declaring that the last contract for forage
he ing been carried ont in ail respeess to the satis
faction of the department by Moonan, the contract
was awarded to him this year,

Ip 182 there were 45 wards in Philadelpbis and in
1su4, 87) 10 18WA ther were 88 and in TaVH, 40
Av additional ward, the Forty-first, was created by

| division of the Thirty-fifth ward in November, 18W0.

Professional |
|n the situation) Yes, air, L kuow, Sif} |

The Republicans of Lonisiana have called their
Mate convention to mees on Feb, a Alesandria,

piano accompaniment, pages

A

tic P

S A PIANO

The music that pleases mother, father, young and o'd
is crowded with the best selections for every occasion,
does it happen that there can be little or no music, because the favo:
this collection of music in the house, no one will be excused from playing or singing, b cause

Sare not at hand?

he subscription price for the two sets was never less than | Flotow
$30.00 in cloth and $40.00 in half-leather. Our low club prices are $18.00 in fine cloth binding, and $21.00 in half-
We pay transportation charges.

THE SET of 8 Volumes, comprising
CONSISTS

volumes, 9 x 12 inches; one inch thick.

ABOUT ONE-HALF

WE PAY TRANSPORTATION.

THE UNIVERSITY SOCIETY,

Mew Publications.

nnn

    
   
    

These and
400 other
Composers
represenved
In this
matchless

' collections

Cal | | }}| ' | Kelley
[} } i Arditi
L}] | | Emmett
Strauss

duck
Damrosch
Mozart
| De Koven
Gilbert
Tosti
Brahms
Gleason
Foster
_ Gounod
Chopin
Handel
Benedict
Haydn
Kreutzer
Mattel
Czibulka
Molloy
Pinsutl
Robyn
| Hatton
Bartlett
| Schumann
| Beethoven
| Schubert
|

 
      

all voices with 1,100

   

      

        
     
     
 

 
   
     
     
       
    

         
     
       
         
      

Balfe

Sullivan

Wagner

Bishop

Chwatal
| Cowen

        
     
   
 

includin
classic an

Adam
Faure
Godard
Lange
| Lover
Moore
Wilson
Payne
Russell
Smith
Verdi
Bendel
Abt
| Bach
| Weber
| Schytte
Leybach
| Thalberg
Paganini
Grieg

pieces and

    
       
      

and copyrighted |
rhorayers,

men

 

  

    

is hers, The collection
ectedly, how often
With
“7 have no music with

    

ule xp

       
     
     
       
         
         
    

Gulimant

 
 

 

       
   
   
 

 

 

2,200 pages, nearly sheet
music size; dimensions of

    
     
       
    

SUBSCRIPTION PRICE.

      
         
     
 

NO RISK INCURRED.

Tllustrated Specimen Pages
sent on receipt of postal.,.....

    
         
       
 

78 Fifth Avenue, New York.

   

   

sud the Populists are to held their convention im
the same town on Feb, 4. Alexandria isa town of
leas than 3,000 inhabitants in the overwhelmingly
Democratic pansh of Rapides, and has been
chosen with refercnee to its central location,
being almost equi-distant from the northern
and southern and from the eastern and
western boundaries of the State, The Demo-
erates of Louisiana held their recent State con-
Veution at Baton Rouge, the capital. It te expected
that the Republicans and Populiste will fase for thie
year’s fivht,and with the aid of the independeng
and diswru itled Democrats unite on a Fusion tickeé
for the State election which takes place in the month
of April, this year, A Governor will be voted for.

The Philadelphia Republicans—Philadolphia bae
acolored population of 49,000—are making prepar-
Stions forthe entertaiument of the colored dele-
Gates to the Repullian National Convention of
June 1® It is probable that several colored mea

' will be appointed ou the suxiliary committee to
' care for the co.ored delegates,

 

The vote atthe Mississippi primaries for United
Staies Senator-there were two vacancies to be filled
by the Legisiature this month—was "5,587, acon:
siderable total when considereadin connection with
the factthat he total vote of Mississippi for Gov-
erpor at the sine election was only 48 800, Instead
of jeaving to the Legislature, aa is the rulein other
States, the choice of Senatorial candidates, the
voters of Mississippi deteriwined to have the matter
recaiated atthe Democratic primirica at which leg-
isl.t r. were chosen—"'the popular election of Ben-
ators’ a it ts called. The Legial. ture conslets of
175) mocrate 2 Populists and no R: publicans, and
the choice of Gov. McLaurin and the re@lection of
Senator Sullivan, both Democrata, was, ther fore, an
easy vatter It is generally observable that nthe
Sates in whieh the suffrage tsmost restricted the de
maud for “tne popular election of Senators” te
most heartily favored,

  

The statement, somet'mes serionsly made, that the

 

Mut opal Council wii bh the Leg slature has beon
asked to aboleh a+ Useless appendage of the city
ad ifieet tion, bas no work to do {ts fully anawered
by th flow transcript of Order en: * The Com:
mittee ou Sreete and Highways to whom was refer-
red the annexe! resolition of the Board of Aldere
Men respectful » report that having examined the
SUlLject. the elivve the propose! permission mar
be gramed, Tuey therefore recommend that the
sa.d reolution be adopte t, R 1, That per
tu o.b pd the sarae te herebs given tod. Blink
to pe ad with an advertising wagon through the
etre te and tuorough ares of the ty of New York,
Bic peru sdsion ty couumic foe thirty days from
the uate of approval hereof of the Mayor,

Tue will loa State election ia Indiana this sear

 

 

eot saa Well as members of Con-
tt Lecisiature, Th. present Governor
1 , & depoblican, was choseo in 1890 Ly
> haajori wid itase proposed t> nominate as
hie successor 1 the Demo ratic ticket Mayor Tag-
Karte ludispapo st Who was reelected at the last
WU lodpal ec st ja that city, Indlanapome
Usually Beye an.
Uruin's Lonely Voyage at Sen.
From the Pha ade ghia Times
The NorWegian sieamer Ceylon has arrived

in por, aller & Voyage of \Wenly three days irom
Hhicoa, &poun, Wilh # careo of iron ore. Capt
jiansen t the ois bat he had encountered
nuwerous icebergs On one occasion he altered
lus course to avouw one of the great mountains
ofice = poon afterward # fog settled down, and
when it lifted the berg Was so close on the bow
thata coilision seemed inevitable.

oyuabing Upon tis haunches, at the very
point of the berg where the vessel would have
struck Wosa huge polar bear ‘lhe man atthe
waoeel by quick Work managed to turn the steamer
in ume to avoid & smash-up and, as she glided
by, the bear on the berg gave @ howl of disap
pountment Evidently he bad been imprisoned
AS long AS heywanted to be, for when he saw hin
last chance of escape slipping away from him be
f unged into the Waterand swam toward the ship,
lis legs Were no match for sieam, however, and
he was compelled to give up the chase ‘The
last seen of him he had climbed upon the berg
egain and was waiting for something to he ppee.